| "BUCK" TAYLOR, SKETCHED FROM LIFE LAST NIGHT EY A CALL ARTIST j
Continued en Pa^e T*7t>
Continued on Pags Thre2., ;
' ¦ •'¦¦• It'looks-as though there- is .much -time . and- worry
-' ahead - of ¦; the /thieves before they can buy a dinner with
5 the proceeds of iheir^crirne.r- ,.;--,,... v .. ,- . „. • . *
It is 'not; easy'.- to 'see their, plan for converting and
using their booty. -• The . hardest thing in the world to
convert and" profitably get ¦. rid of Is refined gold when
stolen. ¦ If is. entirely impossible > to* get rid .of . Mint bars
anywhere in the world. 'Gold refined for use in the Mint
is at once detected. It. Is nearly as hard to get, rid of
such gold as. was stolen from the .smelter. : 'It 'may be
melted d ov/n to get rid of the marks and;maybe alloyed,
but If offered for -sale it must bear some smelter mark,
and the .wide notoriety .": of this crime wijl • put all buyers
on their caution so that if new marks afe put on by the
thieves inquiry at the smelter will at once expose the
trie!:. ' ¦"¦¦ .-,\ -~ •..-.tv -¦• -. v- .•'..-. - .•¦¦-• ¦ v\: ;. ¦••- . .¦ .
positively by no chance that this was avoided. It must
have been/ known, too, that, there was no daily and
careful inspection of the walls and! immediate Outside
and surroundings; of the building. itself.\ Such inspection
would have disclosed the shaft: which led to the tunnel
as soon as It-was sunk. -The robbery is -the greatest in
the annals "of the criminal world. • It : has a whimsical
and prodigal feature, in that -: the thieves left $130,000 in
gold bars untouched , and • spilled fa • on the bay*
shore; at. the end of thslr red pepper v ; trail. The leaders
in the crime are; no novices and the police of the world -
should Immediately 'seek :to* locate. the criminal operators
whose | skill, and experience .mark.' them as -capable of
forming, and ; carrying ; 'out such . a scheme. . ¦ ¦ •
the stage for carelessness, but it is eclipsed, at
the smelting works, where gold bullion, amounting some
times to millions, was kept in a mere cupboard made of
sheet steel about, a quarter of an Inch thick and- without
any special guard or watch. The thin steel was as easy/
of penetration with a drill as butter is cut with: a ; hot
knife. It is not gracious' to comment upon such a^state
of affairs, and the Selby Company shoulders the loss
without a murmur, still the event should be a warning tor
that company and to all others who 'are large handlers
of the precious metals. Though robbing such a deposi
tory was an easy matter when .the preparations ..were
finished the preparations 'themselves required :. a high .
order of criminal ingenuity. The man who directed the:
boring of the bottom of that steel closet had been inside
of it often enough to know the method . of - disposing,
therein the bullion and probably had himself long and
carefully arranged the placing of thegold bars, so that
it had beccme a custom of the place. ' Otherwise the ;
penetration would have been ; at random and likely to be
where the weight of the gold would have broken the
manhole prematurely and disclosed the . plot." "•• It r was
> W^HE robbery. of the Selby Smelting Works brings
Kj into view great carelessness on one side and
tB| great criminal ingenuity on the other. Until now
B -the defective time lock on a Mint vault contaln
-*• Ing $26,000,000 In gold coin has held the front of
CARELESSNESS BALANCES INGENUITY
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Aug. 7.— With a«
onlzlng screams and his eyes bulging from
his head John "Wesley Pennington, a ne
gro, was burned at the stake near Enter
prise, Ala., before a crowd of 500 enraged
and determined citizens of Coffee County
to-day, j The mob was composed of both
whites and blacks, and though the suffer
ing wretch pleaded for mercy and fran
tically endeavored to break the chains
that tightly bound him, not a trace of
sympathy was shown on the faces that
peered at him through the flame3. Pen
nington had committed a brutal assault
upon Mrs. J. C Davis, wife of one of, th«
most prominent farmers of Coffee County,
and confessed his guilt.
Identified by His Victim.
The crime was committed yesterday aft
ernoon ' while Mrs. Davis was gathering
vegetables in her garden. She was choked
into insensibility and left lying in the
garden. As soon as she regained her
senses. Mrs. Davis crawled to the house
and told her husband what had happened.
A large pesse was quickly organized with
bloodhounds and they chased the negro
until early this morning, when he was
captured In a swamp. Penningtc.n was
bound hand and foot and taken back to
the Davis home for identification.
Word of the assault on Mrs. Davis had
been sent by runners for miles around
Enterprise, and every farmer in the
neighborhood had joined in the search.
There is not a telegraph office in Coffee
County, but the messengers traveled faSt.
and when the posse arrived this morning
with Pennington at least 500 persons were
gathered near the Davis residence. A
great shout went up when the prisoner
wa3 seen by the mob. but at a signal the
men withdrew to the woods and quietly
awaited the result of the meeting of Pen
nington and Mrs. Davis. Mrs. Davis im
mediately recognized him and the negro
broke down and wept. He admitted hav
ing committed the assault and pleaded for
mercy, but no mercy was shown.
The negro was dragged from the house
Burned at the Stake.
Continued on Page Two.
A Tohio dirpatch cays the Japanese
Consul at Hankow reports to the foreign
department that the Var.gtse has been
rising rapidly. If the water rises higher
the city of Kar.kow will be flooded. T'oe
City Hay Ss iriccded.
Rppcrts reached Hankow prior to the
enilirif,' of the Japan that Chanteh, on the
l>anks of the Tung Ting Lake, has been
flooded by a sudden rush of water from
the hills (a waterspout, as the Chinese
call it). wcFh<ng away thousands of
houses. More than 30.000 people have lost
their lives. _\ mandarin, who was cele
brating the dragon festival by giving a
theatrical rjcrforrr.ar.ee. and a great num
ber cf onJockcrs were swept away.
Viceroy Charg Chin Tung Is in great
fear that this high water will cause a
breach in his newly constructed embank
ment on the south side of tfce city about
a mile and a half from Wu Chang. Thou
sands of men are hard at work throwing
in bags full of beans, mud, etc., to pre
vent the bursting of the bank, which has
already cracked. Should the river break
through snd flood the cpuntry In that dis
trict end on that side of the Yangts*.
houses and cattle will be washed away
and In;nr)re<i6 cf thousands of people may
ttf drowned. :
Many Thousands in Peril.
At Hankow the river has risen to forty
three feet above the normal level and the
•Whole country is a universal lake, with
the tops of trees and occasionally a roof
of a house Just above water. Boats are
sailing all over the plains.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 7.— News has
received by the steamer Empress of Ja
pan to-day that one of the dire disasters
for which nature is responsible was
sweeping many thousands of Chinese to
death in swirling waters and rendering
millions homeless. The mighty Yangtse
Ittver has overflowed its banks and
houses, crops, cattle and human beings
for sccres and scores of miles on either
side of the great stream, have been de
ls troyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
fill the air.
Crockett has been made famous In a
day.- "When the 1 trains " pass heads are
poked out of the car windows and fingers
are hurriedly pointed at the long. line of
buildings that"inclose- the smelting works.
"Gold -brick". Is flushing through a reju
venated life in this locality. Stranger;
37 :...... 97.40 997 .V. 2.012 54
38 ..".;.:.¦..¦ 187.85 813% 175 3,170 63
45 •. 61.42 901% S3 1,146 45
.46 217.30 904% _ SS 4.065 79
47 ...: 63.03 910% 72 1,226 23^
48 No. 1............ 1086.93 872% 103 19,609 43*
49 No.- 2............ 785.28 865% 108 14.055 50
50 No. 3 139.92 793 148 2,296 94
53 60.43 849 137 1,062 4S
5S 95.60 546 7 421 1.080 70
53 225.35 797% 1S9 3,719 IS
61 ....... 36.63 143% 338 110 03
62 53.05 132 698 92 09
64 439.47 803 176 7,299 60
67- No. 79 .'..•..". 1263.03 843 144 22,014 68
63 :..... 152.62 776 128 2.48189
69 1250.82 914% 76. 23,66106
9671 .................. 45.09 906% 84 846 98
73 No. 34 M.. 314.*52 813 171 6.2S8 90
75 ....:. 23.18 5S7%403 . ¦ 306 78
76 37 i. 10 916 74 7,087 49
,73 .....; 233.30 606% 359 3,203 05
.81 305.25 8S9 . .96 5,657 41
9703 A. U. G. M. Co.,
No. 63 K. B.. 576.20 890 100 10,607 30
7 A. U. G. II. Co.",
No. 27, 700 ft. 739.15 908 73 13.884 71
Fine Marked Selby * '•;'I^';'i '¦ .»
Gold. Stamp, Wt.No. ' ¦ . .
1236 ........1190.37' -
1237 1129.43
1238 1123.23 . •.*¦•.',;
1239 1073.29 .93,127 22
Total .......:..... ...5283.005 01
The above reward will "be paid for Informa
tion which will Ieafl to the recovery of this
bullion and arrest and conviction of the thieves,
or a like proportion for the amount recovered.
SELBT SMELTING AND LEAD CO..
416 Montgomery st.,,Pan Francisco.
San Francisco, August 7, 1901.
Detectives Galore.
-This Increase in the reward offered may
act as an incentive to the amateur, and
there are a number of such tearing up the
dirt of the Contra Costa hills from morn
ing until night.-. Detectives are as thick
near Crockett as grasshoppers In the stub
ble. Some of them are working hard, oth
ers are lost in thought all day. long. Then
when night comes the theories pop and
tales of treasure trove and piratic battles
In description Taylor answers in. a, few
particulars to the man seen by J. J. Rlley,
Vallejo Junction will be a busy place to
day. Teams will be on the roads, men on
horsees scouring the country and detec
tives scattered from one station to an
other. The- first link is forged, so think
the police. They will be making chains
of it to-daj- if. calculations do not go
awry.
Just what Captain Seymour discovered
in his rigid cross-examination last night
Is not definitely known. At any rate, the
intelligence he received was sufficient to
Instill into the minds of the inquisitors
the belief that the clew will lead to the
discovery of the gold and all concerned
In its theft. To keep the arrest absolutely
secret and the Identity of the prisoner un
der cover Taylor's name was not even
entered in the small book. When brought
into the Hall of Justice he was taken Im
mediately to Captain Seymour's room and
after the ordeal removed to the detec
tives' room, where the appointed guard
of three { men — Wrenn, Crockett and
Reynolds — was established.
Taylor quit his job In the Selby Smelt
ing "Works about six weeks ago, giving as
the reason for his action that he was ill.
Taylor lived in a cabin about one-half
mile from the plant and was far from
the prying eyes of men all this time. Since
last Sunday Taylor had "been missing. The
most diligent search failed to reveal any
trace of him In the, neighborhood of Val
lejo Junction and the more the hunt was
baffled the more the police seemed to
want this man.
Missing Since Sunday.
"Buck" Taylor was at one time an em
ploye in the Selby ,Smelting Works. He
Is a^tall man, close to the six-foot mark,
and rather slender. With small, piercing
eyes, a dark mustache and a tanned skin
he looks as If he might play the Dart of
a buccaneer. He has always been known
as a reserved man. He seldom fraternized
with his friends and seemed well satisfied
when allowed to follow his own natural
bent When taken to the Hall of Justice
yesterday Taylor was clad in a dark suit
and wore a golf cap.
confederates In crime and to enable the
police and detectives to secure the stolen
booty.
After Confessing His Crime
the Culprit Is Quickly
Cast Into Flames.
flighty Yangtse Overflows Its
Banks for Numerous
Miles.
Whites and Blacks- Mete
Vengeance to an
Assailant.
Great Floods in China
Buin Many Populous
Towns.
NEGRO MEETS
AWFUL DEATH
AT THE STAKE
RIVER WHIRLS
THOUSANDS TO
THEIR GRAVES
Continued on Page "Three.
child, woman and man talk nothing else,
and the conductors on the trains have
christened Crockett by a new name. They
call it "Gold Brick" now. . V
The detectives worked In groups yester
day. Contra Costa, Martinez, Pinole,
Vallejo and other neighboring towns were
visited, and in each place an investigation
of some sort was conducted. The fever
of the robbery has spread throughout this
part of the country to such an alarming
degree that detectives are born every '
minute. Sheriff Veale, Tom Gibson and
some of the Pinkerton men returned to
San Francisco early in the morning to re
port to headquarters.
Dick Phelan Sobs Up.
The Dick Phelan story has blown Itself
out. The paroled convict whose name
was mentioned in connection with the
robbery walked into Captain Seymour's
office In this city yesterday afternoon ami
\
The end is expected to come to-day, and
through the informacion obtained from
this same "Buck" Taylor. The detectives
have been hot on his track and they
landed. him yesterday. It is thought that
he has made a confession, or at least fur
nished enough information to locate his
Again was "Buck" Taylor put on the
grilL They showed him no mercy. Two
hours more of it and every question and
every answer that fell in that room was
taken down by the captain's stenographer.
About 10 o'clock Captain Seymour, Mc-
Parlard»and Lees left the Hall of Justice.
They were asked if they had any news of
importance. All were flushed of face but
outwardly cool.
"Nothing of any importance," was the
unanimous reply.
Suspect in Sweatbox.
rant. There the two dined, and .then back
Into the sweatbox they went to await the
ecming of the three inquisitors, for Gib
son had by this time returned to Vallejo
Junction for further action.
BEFORE the great bullion robbery
had lost Its first freshness the
Selby Smelting Company came
to the front with an offer of $5000
as a reward. This was done
when all were left pop-eyed in
contemplation of the magnitude
of the crime and before the sediment of
cool thought showed in the minds or ac
tions of the company officers. Five times
that amount is now offered for the appre
hension and conviction of the robbers and
the recovery of the bullion. Following
is the declared offer in detail:
NOTICE— $23,000 REWARD.
List Gold Bullion stolen from the Selby
Smelting and Lead Company's Works at Val
lejo Junction, Monday night. August 5^1901:
W*t; Fineness. Value.
" Stamped. oz. Gold. Silver. Gold.
959S .Jumper Xo. 214. 482.55 832^ 108 $8,808 56
97 Jumper No. 215. 483.40 S83»J 107 8,834 42
98 Jumper No. 216. 480.65 834 106 8,786 42
9617 2S3.83 993H ... 5.834 67
35 • 73.50 570 386 879 00
.36 ; 42.57 847 139 746 S3
*"Tjr4 HEEE "W'as a vigil in the Hall of
fcs Justice last night over the body
N of a live man. Four detectives
fcj of the local police force kept
J^ -watch on "Buck" Taylor, the
man for whom they have been
searching- valley and mountain, river and
bay. He Is now safe and with his capture
i the police think they have torn to tatters
the fabric that covered the boldest bullion
robbery In the history of crime.
Locked In a secrecy far more impene
trable than the vault which held the stol
en bullion. Captain Seymour, Assistant
¦Superintendent McParland of the Pinker
toa Agency, Detective Thomas Gibson and
ex-Chief Lees brought the suspect into
the Hall of Justice yesterday afternoon.
They put him through the "sweating"
process. They riddled him with questions
hour after hour and then they gave him
rest — but only for a short time. In the
custody cf Detective Wrenn, "Buck"
Taylor went out into the street and un
ostentatiously entered a nearby restau-
Lees and McParland Are Locked
Up With the Suspect in the Hall of
Justice and a Statement Is Taken
Crockett and Its Vicinity Suddenly Becomes
a Famous Place for Detectives of All
Conditions and Denominations
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
IS OFFERED AS A REWARD BY
il THE SELBY SMELTING COMPANY
PRISONER IS CLOSELY GUARDED
BY DETECTIVES AND SUBJECTED
TO A FOUR HOURS' INQUISITION
SAN FRANCISCO,. THURSDAY; AUGUST 8,1 1901*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BUCK TAYLOR, RECENT EMPLOYE AT SMELTING
WORKS, IS ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF BEING
IMPLICATED IN THE GREAT BULLION ROBBERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
VOLUME XC-XO. GD.Neville & Co. Did Not Shut Down.
The published report that the sack and
bag factory of Neville & Co.. at the cor
ner of California and Davis streets, had
shut down because of the inability of the
firm to secure materials is erroneous.
Secretary E. T. B. Mills of the firm said
yesterday that the entire factory force is
at work and that porters were without
trouble secured to take the places of the
Ftrikers.
This, rnov^ on the part, of the steamship
company, will jeopardize the funds of the
strikers. The steamship people claim
that they will be able by means of tho
courts to tie up every bit of cash pos
sessed by -the union until the matter is
settled. . : r
The firemen claim that their contract
• The action of the firemen, is one of the
most important moves made "• by the labor
leaders and is also a move that may cause
the unions a deal of trouble 1 . The Fire
men's Union is an incorporated body and
possessed I of considerable wealth. The
¦-members of the steamship company con
tend that^the union has* violated a. con
tract and- will enter; a- suit to compel.it
to pay damages. //,./ ••¦;'''';* '¦'_?.
the Pacific Coast Firemen's Union can be
made known.
Officers Hurlihey and Bunner were on
duty last night at the Broadway dock
and the strikers accuse them of display
ing unnecessary force. The officers claim
that the strikers:- threw "rocks over the
fence surrounding the dock and that they
had to take severe measures to stop it.
In the melee attending their efforts to
stop the rock throwing Klatt was struck
on the. arm by one of the policemen.
Joseph Klatt, a stevedore residing at
25 Valparaiso street, was treated at the
Harbor Emergency Hospital last night
for a fracture of his right arm. The in
jury was inflicted by police officers in an
attempt to disperse a number of strikers
who had gathered near the entrance to
the Broadway dock.
ous Results.
Police Officers Use Clubs With Seri-
STKIKEKS ARM IS BROKEN.
M. W. Coffey, president of the Hack
men's Union, announces that there will be
no meeting of that union to-night on ac
count of the mass meeting at Metropoli
tan Temple.
No Meeting of Hackinen's Union.
The Federated Trades Council has sent
cut letters addressed to Fred Becker, re
cently the central figure In the butchers'
strike, requesting him to explain his posi
tion with relation to unions. The Coun
cil asserts that Becker has expressed sen
timents opposed to the labor organiza
tions. The meat man declines to discuss
>he matter. The Council ha% said no boy
cott will be established .'on fbecker's ,mar-
Icet because heJias union/Then in his.em
ploy who are in good standing. The dif
ficulty is the! outgrowth /of feeling en
gendered during the recent strike. ' '
The Alameda County Building Trades
Council has installed the following execu
tive officers:
President, William Ward; vice president, D.
Simpson; business agent, L. E. Miller.
The Alameda County Federated Trades
has issued a call for a meeting next Sun
day morning at 9:30 o'clock at labor head
quarters of a celebration committee to
hardle this year's observance of Labor
day. when a big demonstration will be
made. ' '
The Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance has
issued a statement announcing officially
the settlement of its differences with Bar
num's restaurant. The alliance says the
only issue was to secure a day off each
week for the men.
The Painters* Union reported that E. E.
Grcome and William Kapka of Alameda
and C. F. Harrington of Oakland had ac
cepted the new scale of $3 50, taking back
twelve men, making a total of 100 men
who have returned to work since the
strike.
OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— The labor situa
tion shows little change to-day. The
steamer Aconcagua was loaded with coal
and sailed direct for South America. The
steemer Mandalay has been discharged
and is loading coal.
tion on Labor Day.
Unions Will Make Big Demonstra-
STRIKE SITUATION" IN OAKLAND
Neither in the "danger district" where
ttriking teamsters have made non-union
teaming a hazardous occupation nor on,
the water front were there as many acts
of violence as on Tuesday, and the fears
of these who thought rioting was about
to become general were allayed by the
relatively peaceful conditions that existed
yesterday.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, stated late in the afternoon,
that as a result of repeated protests the
police on duty on the water front had be
come much milder in' their treatment of
the strikers. He said they were less in
clined to use their clubs and in conse
quence the strikers were in better mood
and uere easily controlled by the union
pickets. He said the only complaints had
come from the region of the Lombard
street wharf, where unnecessary rough
ness had been shown by the police.
The sand teamsters took action which
may result in general discomfort. They
refuse to make an exception of the team
sters the street-sprinkling carts
or the wagons hauling the street sweep
ings. This may result in the temporary
cessation of street sweeping and sprink
ling, as the contractors— Gray Bros, and
the City Street Improvement Company —
are not at all sure that they will even at
tempt to carry on the work with non
union teamsters.
A DAY of little friction but of great
activity in following up their
several advantages and in seek
ing to gain new triumphs over
the opponent was passed by
strikers and employers yesterday. Sand
teamsters to the number of 500 and nearly
a hundred marine firemen were added to
the army of strikers, but no aditional
unions were called out nor new measures
of importance launched.
Aside from looking after the execution
cf the strike order applying to the sand
teamsters and Goodall. Perkins & Co.'s
firemen, the labor leaders busied them
selves chiefly with arrangements for the
mass meeting to be held at Metropolitan
Temple to-night.
The executive committee of the Ban Fran
cisco Labor Council hereby requests that all
those who canriot sain admittance to Metro
politan Temple will return to their homes, as
an overflow meeting is not desirable at the
present state of public feeling.
W. H. GOFF. Chairman, i
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary,
Executive Committee, San Francisco Labor
Council.
The speakers will be Rev. P. C. Torke, A.
Furuseth, chairman of the executive commit
tee of the City Front Federation, and a lead-
Ihk Protestant divine.
The meeting will be* called to order at 8
o'clock by W. H. Goff. president of the San
Francisco Labor Council, who will introduce
Walter Macarthur. chairman of the law and
legislative committee of the. Labor Council, as
the chairman of the meeting.
A mass meeting- will be held to-morrow night
at Metropolitan Temple under the auspices of
the San Francisco Labor Council and the City
Front. Federation to review the present indus
trial disturbances in this city from the moral
and economical standpoint.
THE labor leaders have planned a
great mass meeting to be field at
Metropolitan ! Temple to-night. The
programme is given in the follow
ing statement, which .was .given
out last night:
Various Features .of the Pres
ent Industrial Disturbances
Will Be Discussed To-Night
Clashes Between the Strikers
and Non-Union Men Less
Numerous Than Tuesday
Father Yorke Will Be One
of the Speakers at Metropol
itan Temple Demonstration
• Each Side Follows Up Its Ad
vantages, but New Measures
Are Not Launched by Either
PEACEFUL DAY
IS PASSED IN THE
STRIKE REGION
MASS MEETING
FOR A REVIEW
OF SITUATION
By this time the fire had gained such
headway that nothing could be seen ex
cept a wriggling motion in the center of
the circle of fire. A deathly silence fol
lowed and in a few minutes the flames
had sufficiently subsided to see that Pen
nlngton's head had fallen forward and
hung limp over the Iron chain. The body
was quickly consumed and all of Penning
ton that remained was a pile of ashe3.
The crowd then quietly dispersed.
Body Is Quickly Consumed.
into the woods where the crowd had gath
ered. Several of the citizens had already
driven an iron pipe into the ground, and
as the men approached with Pennington
both whites and blacKS were piling brush
wood around the stake. The negro wu
his doom and with a scream of terror fell
to the ground in a faint. He was quickly
revived and dragged to the stake while
the crowd stood silently by.
The frightened man was limp and had to
be held up while the chains were fastened
around his neck and body. When all \tas
ready the cry 'was given and the cr^wd
stood back. A match was applied to the
pile and with oil to feed upon the tiny
flame soon burst into a roaring fire. The
terrified negro again pleaded for mercy
in the most agonizing tones and prayed
to God that those around him might per
ish. He then called upon God for forgive
ness, and as the flames leaped up and en
circled his neck an unearthly shriek was
heard and the man's eyes almost bulged
out of the sockets.
RICHARD PHBLAN'S MESSAGE TO WARDEN AGUIRRE.
'•This is about all I have to say, as this Is all there is
to say. I don't want my name connected with the matter
in any way whatever, as I am living an honorable life
and trying to recover from the stain which- a -two years'
residence across the bay has unjustly put upon me."
In speaking of the affair he said: /"I know' no more
about the crime than you do. I -was released from San
Quentin a short time ago and since then I have been
working rny mining property in Sierra County. On tho
20th of last month I wrote Warden Aguirre, as I am
compelled to do until I am fully pardoned, and there ha3
been no time since my release that he could not locate
me as. quickly as the telegraph wires. will work.
"The first I knew, of the robbery was the other day
when I got on the train to come down here for some
supplies and bought a paper. Since then I have- been
following the case as it has been printed, and that Is all
I know about it. "The report that I was skulking about
Crockett is all bosh. I have not been in that place for
seven years except to pass through it a few times on my
way to San Francisco on the train. 1 Pebple should be
careful about spreading such reports, especially- about
men in a position like mine. Luckily I am able to give
a full account of mvself. If I were not, such a canard
would do me an immense injury and might result in
sending me, though perfectly innocent, back to the
State's Drison. ¦ .- ¦ ¦ • • i '. -;»<•; ¦*;.
San Quentin he returned at once to Sierra City, where he
has been engaged In mining operations ever since.. - This
can be proved by any number of witnesses. As to his
skulking about Crockett Phelan says he has not been at
that place for seven years cave to pass through on a
train from Sierra City to San Francisco.
When seen at the Russ House last night Phelan was
most willing to talk and tell anything and everything:
about himself. He seemed to realize his ticklish position
and to be anxious to remove any cloud that might be
hovering over him. He is an Irishman about 35 years
of a«re. • . ¦? .
Warden Agruirre came over to this, city last evening
and 'met Phelan. They had a long conference and the
parojed prisoner gave a satisfactory account of his
whereabouts since being freed from the penitentiary
three weeks ago . up to the present day. Upon leaving
army of detectives, public, private and other-
I wise, will have to drop the name of Richard
| Phclan from their lists of suspects and hunt
JJL elsewhere for some one on whom to fasten sus
picion of complicity in the Crockett bullion
robbery. Phelan Is now in this city, where he has just"
arrived from Sierra County. . He is staying at the Russ
House and his first act upon setting here was to tele
graph Warden Aguirre acquainting that gentleman with
his presence in San Francisco and informing the Warden
of his readiness to make any explanation that might be
required of him. He has succeeded in proving an alibi
so complete that it would be impossible to connect him
with the crime itself or the men who may have com
mitted it.
The name of Phelan first became subject to suspicion
from the fact that he was once working at Crockett and
because he was a paroled convict. It was further stated
that he was seen prowling about Crockett a short time
before the commission of the robbery. The crime for
which Phelan was sent to San Quentin was murder in
the second degree and there was never any stain on his
honesty. He ie not a professional criminal in any sense
of the word and he has established his whereabouts since
being given his parole to the complete satisfaction of
Warden Aguirre and other officials responsible for his
conduct- On the last day of July he reported to Warden
Aguirre from Sierra City, in compliance with the law
which compels a paroled prisoner to report to the
Warden of his prison at least once a month, and, as
soon as he heard of the crime and the fact of his re
ported connection with it he sent Warden Aguirre the
above disnatch. ¦ >•¦-¦>-''¦.
Steamship Company and the Pacific Coast Fire
men's Union: • — •
First— The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
agrees to ship as firemen and coal passers, on
its vessels, exclusively men who nxe members
of the Pacific Coast Firemen's Union, pro
¦ viding the union can at all times furnish men
when required. In case, it cannot supply full
crews, the steamship company will have the
right to shfp other men.
Second— The steamship company will not be
obliged to ship any man who is a member of
the union and who Is personally objectionable
to t!'.e company.
Third— Wares to be $50 for firemen, $<0 for
coal passers, board money 60 cents per day.
Fourth— Voyage to end when steamer. Is dis
charged.
Fifth — On Eteamers carrying- but two firemen
nine hours to be a day's work in the port of
San Francisco. On steamers carrying more
than two firemen, donkey boiler men should not
Btand a watch on the donkey boiler exceeding
nine hours. Any overtime in the port of San
Francisco to be paid for at the rate of 40,cent3
?er hour. • ¦
.Sixth— Alaska .vessels whose home port is
Seattle' to have the same worklnz .hours In
port that other steamer3 cf the company havo
I In Sr.n Francisco.
Seventh— Firemen and- coal passers to obey
the certain r.nd officers of the steamer in ail
cases, but If required to to anything in excess
or contravention of_ the foregoing, the matter,
to bo settled between the aeents of the steam
ship company and the officers of the union.
¦ Eighth— This agreement to take effect on all
vessels sailing from San IJranclsco and/
Alaska, from Seattle on and after May 15, : 1901,'
and Alaska vessels from Seattle May 20, ! and
continue in effect for one year.
All work performed on Sundays and holidays
and between the hours of 5 p. m. and 7 a. m.
on regular working days . at • the ' port of San'
Francisco and at Seattle on vessels which make
that the home port, shall be paid for at the
stipulated rate of overtime, except to wipe en
gine on arrival, getting ready for departure cr
moving ship; also excepting the donkey man
when he eetshls equivalent in time off. Sea
watches in flreroom on days of sailing and ar
rival shall count as portion of nine hours.
Ninth— It Is further agreed that either party
to this agreement who, without consent of the
other party, shall disturb the existing labor
conditions shall be deemed to have violated
this asreement. . .
PACIFIC COAST . STF.AMSHIP CO..
By GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.
PACIFIC COAST MARINE FIREMEN'S
UNION. By JOHN KELLY, Sec' y.
Henry Davis in Court.
Henry Davis, the non-union teamster,
charged with assault to murder for shoot
ing Samuel Schofield, or- Cole, a striking
teamster, at Howard and New Montgoin
ery streets, Tuesday, morning, ' appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday. He was
represented 'by .Attorney Joseph ColTey
on behalf of the Employers' Association.
He .was instructed as to his rights and by
consent the case was continued till (Aug
ust 14, when Schofleld's condition may be
determined. <\ . ' .•¦....-
Schofield's condition is much Improved
and It Is believed he will recover. . ¦
with the» Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany became void through the change in
existing. conditions of labor. They con
tend that they have broken no contract
and say the conditions of the agreement
were violated by the action of the steam
ship company in hiring non-union crews
on vessels on '.which they were at work.
They say ttie hiring of non-union men to
¦ handle : the- cargoes of the' vessels was
also a direct violation of the terms of the
agreement. ... • '
•Duty to Federation.
Many of the firemen are of the opinion
that the members of the union should
have remained' faithful to the shipping
firm. These men made a strong fight at
the meeting to prevent the passage of the
resolution calling them out. but their ef
forts were unavailing. The men who fa
vored breaking the agreement argued
strongly that their duty was to stand by
the federation and support it in its every
move. ¦
Captain >linor Goodall when seen yes
terday was very wroth over the turn af
fairs had taken. He said:
"This shows us what faith we can in
future place in any agreement signed •' by
labor .unions. We had an agreement witn
the Sailors' Union along the same lines
and they had no hesitancy in breaking, it.
The firemen held out for a week and we
were under the impression that they
would stand firm. The pressure was too
strong. It seems, and they also broke faith
with us. It was due, of course, to the
gathering of men here since the strike
commenced and the fact that the men
employed by^us'were not strong enough
numerically to defeat the measure. .
"We will not let it pass by unnoticed.
Such a slap is' a little too hard for us to
bear and in a day or so we will appeal
to the law for redress. The union- has
$20,000 and I think we can make it pay
for their violation of an agreement which
we have kept faithfully. If the funds are
not available we will "try" and find" out
what has become of them. It is an in
corporated body and as such is amenable
for the damage it has done this com
pany." . .. ,
Number of Men Affected. -
The order of the Firemen's Union calls
out about one hundred men. The vessols
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
fleet, with the number of men affected,
are: ¦ ' > ¦'¦' -
Umatllla. 9 firemen and 9 coal passers;
Bonita, 3 firemen; Corona. G firemen ; and
2 coal passers; State of California. 6 fire
men and 7 coal- passers; Santa Rosa, 9
firemen and 9 coal papers; Walla Walla.
9 firemen and 9 coal passers; Pomona, 6
firemen and 3 coal passers, and the Cu
racao, 6 firemen and 3 coal passers. -
All of these vessels with the exception
of the Walla Walla, the Pomona and the
Santa Rosa are in port. These three ves
sels are due to arrive and will probably
reach port unless the leaders of the strike
manage .to. reach them at a way. port
and call the firemen off. The Santa Rosa
left San Diego a day or so ago,' carrying
the largest number of passengers in her
history. It was said on the front yester
day that she would be stopped at some
port down the coast. -. ... :
' # j Agreement With Union.. y;'^/\
The agreement which.it is claimed was
violated by the firemen yesterday 13 as
follows: ,;,„¦¦_ , .¦¦.- :-.. ; '. •:;;-. '-,-.;¦»• - j !. '-C\
'\TheVaereement-r:betiy£eo'..tii«- : -Paclfi&-,- Coast
¦¦•¦:.- ¦ ¦. . ¦
SCENES ALONG THE WATER FRONT, WHERE LARGE FORCES OF
' -^NON-UNION MEN ARE KEPT EMPLOYED IN SPITE OP EFFORTS
• -OF STRIKERS' TO TIE UP SHIPPING. ; ¦.¦¦"'-
Kiukiang was partially under water, the
native town without the walls being cov
ered to the roofs of the houses * and there
was two feet of water in the foreign set
tlements. From there down to Weihu
everything was under -water and boatmen,
computed the loss of life In that district
alone at 20,000. »
foreign concessions in the city are on re
claimed ground, from four feet to seven
feet above the normal level, and it Is not
likely that the place will be flooded un
less the water rises six feet more. The
Japanese concession is on low ground
mostly and the residents there have re
moved to other places for the time being.
Continued From Page One.
RIVERS WHIRL THOUSANDS,
The picnic committee of the Knights of
Honor has voted to abandon the order's
annual Admission day-^icnlc at Sun.set
Park on account of the strike and In ordf-r
that aid and sympathy may be extended
to members who are thrown out of em
ployment.
Picnic Is Abandoned.
TjT^v TJRING a small riot which oc-
curred early yesterday morning
II in the vicinity of the Oregon dock
lM**Jr William Hootan, a negro non
union stevedore, was shot in the
'right shoulder. Although the wound has
not proved fatal "it is considered serious,
as the bullet glanced from the shoulder
blade and lodged near the spinal column.
When the fight began Hootan, who has
been employed at the Pacific Mail dock
as a truckman since the inception of the
stevedores', strike, was on his way to
work. He was accompanied by Charles
Black, a negro friend from Oakland, who
was going to the dock to seek employ
ment. ¦'While crossing Front street near
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany dock they were confronted by a mob
of strikers, who inquired where they
were "going. On Hootan's replying that It
was none of their business the strikers
commenced to hurl stones at them. The
negroes claim that they were struck by
several of the missiles, upon which Hoot
an drew his revolver and fired two shots
In the direction of the mob. The bullets
failed to take effect, and Instead of dis
persing the mob only served to Increase
its anger. One of the strikers .finally
drew his revolver and" fired at the two
non-union men. striking Hootan in the
back of his right shoulder.
Hootan did not know that he had been
shot, but supposed when the bullet struck
him that he had been hit by a stone. Not
until he had reached the Mall dock and
had his coat removed did he know that a
bullet had entered his shoulder. An am
bulance was summoned and the injured
man was removed to the. Harbor Hos
pital. Subsequently the patient was trans
ferred to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where with th«? aid of the X-ray it was
discovered that the bullet had lodged r.ear
the spinal column.
Father and Son Beaten.
John T, Hayes, contractor, of ISX^PA
Bush street, secured five "John Doe" war
rants from Judge Cabanlss yesterday for
the arrest of five striking teamsters on
the charge of battery. His son Julius
drives a team for the "Whittier-Coburn
Company and while father and son were
on their way home Tuesday night they
were attacked by live men and severely
beaten with slungshots. brass knuckles
and fists. They were near their home
when attacked. The men had been hang
ing around the neighborhood all that
afternoon.
NEGRO MEETS AWFUL DEATH.
Continued From Page One.
According to agreement about 500 team
sters, the entire strength of the Sand
Teamsters* Union, with the exception of
the men who were in the employ of the
street - cleaning department, . remained
away from their work yesterday morn
ing. As far as the leaders know there
was not a single deserter. The effect on
the building industry was not imme
diately felt, as in many cases the con
tractors had taken the precaution to
provide an extra supply of sand and brick.
Its, is thought by the sand teamsters that
whatever extra supply may have been
laid in will be speedily exhausted and
that by to-night the majority of the 5000
mechanics who are engaged in the build
ing trades throughout the city will have
to be laid off. Unless non-union men with
police protection can be obtained work on
buildings now under construction and
all street work will have to be suspended.
Lumber yards and brick yards will suffer,
heavily becapse of the strike.-
The sand teamsters determined to call
the street cleaners out in order to make
the strike as binding and as burdensome
upon employers as possible. In doing
this they believe that the trouble will be
the sooner adjusted. They state that they
entertain no grievances against their em
ployers, but that they recognize the strike
to be a fight for the preservation of tho
union principle and that in the flght per
sonal considerations must be forgotten.
As the Sand Teamsters' Union embraces
almost all the men engaged in that line
of work, and as the teamsters almost
without exception own their, teams-, the
contractors have* small chance of secur
ing non-union help. Even if the non
union teamsters are obtained it will be
-impossible for them to work unless pro
tected by the police. The entire available
police force of the city is being used to
guard the expressmen and truck drivers
and it therefore appears certain that the
streets will not be swept nor the dust
laid to-day.
Harry N. Gray of Gray Brothers, which
firm has the greater part of the street
cleaning contract, said last night that he
had not as yet decided whether to at
tempt to employ non-union help or to let
the streets remain uncleaned.
AT a meeting? of the "Sand Team
sters' Union, held last night at
1159 Mission street, it was decided
that no exception should be made
in regard' to the men who are in
the employ of tho street-cleaning con
tractors, but that every member of thu
union should be called out on the strike.
To-day, unless the men who have the con
tracts for cleaning the streets can secure
non-union teamsters, the thoroughfares
of the city will remain unswept and un
sprinkled.
The union's action reverses the action
of the executive committee of the Labor
Council, taken Tuesday night, in making
an exception of the men employed in tho
street cleaning department. . • .
Gray Brothers' Drivers Will'
Obey the Strike Order and
Quit Work This' Morning
Bullets Serve Only to Incite
Strikers .to. Still Greater
V Violence in Their Attacks
• .-.?
Sand Teamsters Repudiate
Action of Executive Com
mittee of the Labor Council
Negro Stevedore Receives a
Serious Wound in Right
Shoulder During the Melee
USE OF PISTOLS
IN A RIOT NEAR
OREGON DOCK
STREETS MAY
NOT BE SWEPT
OR SPRINKLED
UNIONS' ORDERS ADD SIX HUNDRED MORE MEN
TO FORCES CAMPAIGNING AGAINST EMPLOYERS'
THE 5A]N. FRAN CISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901.
FIREMEN LEAVE PACIFIC COAST
STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S VESSELS
agreement they 'had made with
Goodall, Perkins & Co. last May, and con
tinue at work, decided at a meeting held
Tuesday night to break their contract and
as a result every man employed in the
firerooms of the vessels 81 the company at
the wharves in this port walked out yes
terday morning. The order will affect the
company's vessels that are "due to arrive
here within the next few days and • will
also call the men off the ships as soon as
they put into a port Where the action of
P*TT^ HE firemen employed on the ves
1 sels of the Pacific Coast Steam-
II ship Company, who;; it was
• H. thought would carry out the
RICHARD PHELAN, THE SUSPECT,
CLEARED OF ALL COMPLICITY
2
A 'Fortune to Be Given Away.
¦ A noted. philanthropist has decided to give
away Us fortune to charities - and no ucubt
much Bcod will be accomplished. There ia
another agency' that has also accomplished
much eoodr namely, Hostetter's Stomach Hit-
ters, the medicine with. fifty years v of cures
back' of It.. It promotes appetite. Insures di-
gestion.' cur»s dyspepsia, regulates -the liver
and keeps the -bowels regular, also prevents
belchlns. henrtburn or flatulency. . Don't • uj.il
to try it;- but be sure you get- the- genuine.
/ ( M"f*rL^..^^.-. Vl^vvic«**:"-fc-*.'v*-*T»**.i^,.,.. T ¦ * i T -- - - -— .»^- imam
I /CS& £\ Is Your Back Weak?
: iHH <k \\ Have You Dragging
; / v \ -r i i \ Fains r
' j$2? Sir y^*^ x "^^ h V \ i v r? *i t* a 9
Bit \ \ Km^^r :=^^i Have You Yaricocele?
¦ K* '^v * / Have you lost the fire and
Is? f\^ t I I strength of youth? Have you
¦ iS s/ffk. \l l xis' I "come and go" pains in your
> j& ¦ffiXy\u AN J /¦'?[%-* WHgKffiqg back and shoulders? Are you
> I 2raVj2>i-H%^! UBSXfBnBBRr. growing old too- soon?
I 1 <^^gj^^g^^^^BWS8Bw|j^rjr If you have these symptoms
! usLv > n S down of your nerves and
r *BaBlS> . vitality, you will find new life
Dr. McLaughlin's
som E >ate cures. Electric Belt
Vital Weakness-Lost Manhood.
Sawyers. Mendocino Co., Cal. Is made for you. It is the
Dr. M. C. Mclaughlin. best way to use Electricity. It
Dear Sir: Before wearing your belt I had pours a gentle stream of life
tS^nw i Sn^f ev » er H. belnB &T i 7 be "i r V but int <> tne weak P arts continually
my trouble Is now fast disappearing and I be- tn-r Ytn-nr*. t>vt>-rv nle-ht Tt ro-
Bin to feel like a man again, and I feel grateful f?Lhf^the nerves expands the
for what you have done for me and that I ,.^ff ? e j?*.f ™ lil
have found an honest man at last In you. . vital powers, enriches the cir-
, Respectfully yours. CREED MOXLET culatlon and makes you feel
w , ~ , ~* bright, active and vigorous in
Weakness Ciip;d. on< f nl ghf3 use. You get
Dr II C Mclaughlin Merced. CaL . stronger ea.cn day. and in a few
Dear Sir: I received 'your belt all right, and y [!S*i.?°,Il,/ r t m ™J2S W fT, m S? > -
am glad to state that I am a new man. I am ! tron S" ??£ U ," ff " *? '^ e
getting stronger every day. my ambition is re- "" nre of youth. It Is grand, this
turning and I feel like a different person. method of mine, and every man
These are the results of your wonderful treat- ¦who has ever used It is prals-
_ ment. Yours very truly,-, J. F. MAKER. Ins It.
TRY IT NO\A/.
Don't delay trying it. Tour future happiness depends on your checking
this drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can b© sure of a long
/ and vigorous life, full of the Joys of a healthy vigor.
> Don't drug. . Drugs can't cure you. as you know if you have tried them.
i My Belt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality. Electricity
renews the youthful strength: that cures. If you will call I will give you a
free test of what I can do. If you can't call, send for my beautiful illustrated
book, telling about my method. 1 send it sealed, free. I have 50,000 cures.
If you have tried a cheap belt which has burned you. given no current or
fallen to pieces on you, I will' allow you for It in exchange. Call or write to-
day. Send this ad. y
DR.'M.-C. McLAUGHLIN,-. 7 "' 1^^.^ Geary>
£ Office hours: S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.IRELAND AS A MEDIATOR.
The Archbishop Will See the Presi
dent in the Interest of Steel Men.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— In the guise of
mediator between capital and labor,
Archbishop Ireland of St. Paul has been
fci this city for several days, according
to his friends. They say that an appeal
was made to him through Archbishop
Ryan of Philadelphia to use his influence
with President McKinley and the finan
ciers of the United States Steel Corpora
tion in order to avert, if possible, the im
pending clash In the steel Industry, and
tliat it was for the purpose of conferring
with Mr. Morgan that the Archbishop
came to this city.
Archbishop Ireland has upon several oc
casions acted as mediator between capital
and labor, and has invariably had at
FEAR THAT FLEASITBE •
PARTY WAS DBOWNED
Men Left for a Short Cruise
Is Found Adrift.
Small Boat in Which. Four Young
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Captain Orth of
Mammorock to-day picked up off that
place in Long Island Sound the small
boat Ethel, which was adrift, and it Is
feared that a party of young men of
Mount Vernon, N. T.. who left for a
cruise in her on Sunday,- have been lost.
The party consisted of George Bourne,
William Coffey, son of the Rev. Dr. Cof
fey, rector of St. Paul's Church, East
Chester; William Muller, and Loui3
Young, son of the editor of the Mount
Vernon Republican.
University Will Honor Carnegie.
LONDON, Aug. 7. — The exchange Tele
graph Company says Andrew Carnegie
has been invited to become lord rector of
the University of Aberdeen, in succession
to Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal.
The membership of the federation 19
said to be 1.500,000. The maximum amount
thus collected would be 5130,000. Of this
amount, it is said, 575,000 has already been
collected for the benefit of the machinists
who have been on strike.
"The constitution limits the federation
to collecting an assessment of 1 per cent
per capita per week in all affiliated unions
for a period not exceeding ten weeks in
any one year to assist in the sunport of
an affiliated organization engaged In a
protracted strike or lockout."
ATI^AXTIC CITY, N. J., Aug. 7.— "When
asked whether the Federation of T^abor
will lend financial assistance to the
striking steel workers, Vice „ President
Hays said:
Striking Steel Workers.
How Labor Union Could Help tha
AID OF THE FEDERATION.
The sales department of the American
Sheet Steel Company has given notice to
jobbers that it cannot take any orders for
some time, as the capacity of the operat
ing sheet mills has been contracted for.
The continuation of the strike and the
fact that it is to be extended to greater
proportions augmented the scramble that
has been on in Pittsburg for two weeks
to secure sheet tin plates. A canvass of
the jobbers developed that the supply of
both sheets and tin plate is rapidly run
ning behind the demand, and especially
in tin plate. The American Tin Plate
Company has not changed its quotations
of $4 25 per box, but the consumers have
paid this week as high as $5 50 per box for
immediate delivery. The combine price
for sheets is 560 per ton. but $70 and 575
have been paid for sheet available at
once. The independent mills are reaping
a harvest. They are taking contracts at
prices as high in some cases as $70 a ton
for future delivery.
Secretary Joseph Bishop of the Ohio
Board of Arbitration is in town and Is
visiting several of : the combine officials,
it is said. In the interest of another con
ference. He refused to discuss his move
ments, saying he was here on other than
steel organization affairs.
"There are no union mills making struc
tural steel or iron, and all our men have
been working the material furnished them
and will continue doing so. If there was
one union mill making the material used
by us we would possibly act differently.
I took this matter up with President
Shaffer two years ago, but he did not see
then of what benefit an alliance with our
organization would be to the mill work
ers."
The action of the structural Ironwork
ers was tersely outlined by J. W. Pryall.
secretary of the Bridge and Structural
Ironworkers' Union, who said to-day:
Stand of Structural Men.
Wood mill. The officials feel that if they
can get the Vandergrift men away from
their environment, very little trouble will
be found in bringing them Into the as
sociation. • . . .
In discussing the plan of the trust. As
sistant Secretary M. F. Tlghe said:
"That effort will not extend very far,
because there are only a few skilled men
available, and before enough can be
trained to operate mills snow will be
pretty thick. A move of that kind might
be made in Bessemer or open hearth
steel mills, but In a Bheet mill, where the
skill required Is of the highest order, the
filan cannot do anything except ultimate
y fall. A sort of showing may be made
for a time, but it will not last long."
Archbishop Ireland is in Hartford,
Conn., to-night and could not be seen.
He went there this afternoon, and la ex
pected to return to the Fifth Avenue
Hotel to-morrow.
Walsh said that in all probability the
Archbishop would also see Senator Hanna
and endeavor to obtain his assistance In
the matter.
Michael Walsh, a close friend of Arch
bishop Ireland, when seen at his resi
dence at Fort Hamilton last night, as
serted positively that the Archbishop is
taking steps to obtain a settlement of the
strike through the intercession of Presi
dent McKinley. «
"I have not seen Archbishop Ireland
in five weeks," said Walsh, "but I have
been in communication with him. He is
now with President McKinley, or is about
to visit him in the intertst of the steel
workers. Any one who knows Archbishop-
Ireland's position In labor matters will
understand that he cannot remain quiet
and allow this strike to go on without
making an effort to obtain an agreement
by mediation."
least partial success. His acquaintance is
wide and his sympathies are broad. He
£ Personally acquainted with President
McKinley. These were the reasons that
an appeal was made to Archbishop Ire
land by Roman Catholic dignitaries who
realized the gravity of the present situa
tion.
Plan Is Found Feasible.
This plan was tested the first time this
week and was found to be feasible, so far
as the mills at Hyde Park and Wellsville
go, and it has been decided to adopt It so
far as the sheet and hoop mills are con
cerned.
Plans for the starting of the closed tin
plate mills have not been contemplated.
In this branch the situation is different.
The tin plate company has only six of
its 232 roll trains going, while the sheet
company has a few less than half.
The officials of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation say this movement will in a meas
ure play into their hands. At McKees
port President Shaffer said that he him
self would lead from Vandergrift into the
No Overtures Will Be Made.
So far as President C. M. Schwab is
concerned no overtures will be made by
the trust to the workers. In a talk with
a Pittsburg man in New York yesterday
he said: "We have made our last proposi
tion to the Amalgamated Association,
and will now proceed to start our works.
President Shaffer makes this counter
statement: "The next proposition must
come from the United States Steel Cor
poration officials." ,
Thus the two stand. It seems as if only
outside efforts can bring them together.
The trust officials have decided to go
ahead slowly in the matter of starting
mills and to do so with as little publicity
as possible.
The strongholds of the sheet company
are the mills at Vandergrift, the largest
in the country; Lieechburg, Apollo and
Scottdale. It has been decided to take
as many skilled men away from these
places as possible without retarding oper
ations there and start the mills where
there is the least danger of an outbreak.
The places left vacant at the mills men
tioned will be filled with men deserving of
promotion and they wllJ be given better
positions. This movement will be under
taken slowly and with caution. The plan
further contemplates that after a time
many of the strikers will return when
they see one after another of the closed
mills resuming.
Amalgamated Association Succeeds in Closing the Big' Plant at
Newcastle, and the Billion-Dollar United States Corporation
Partly Breaks the Strike at the Clark Mill in Pittsburg
PITTSBURG, Aug. 7.— In the big
steel strike honors are- eaay in
this section to-night. The Amal
gamated Association succeeded in
closing down the big steel plant
at Newcastle, and the manufacturers
partly broke the strike at the Clark mill
In this, city. Neither side Is exulting, nor
is there* any expression of discouragement.
Up to this hour not the slightest trouble
has occurred at any point in this imme
diate territory and the Amalgamated of
ficials are correspondingly happy, because
this condition would seem to be the car
rying out of the association's new de
parture In the handling of the strike situ
ation. The quiet. waiting of the strikers
may be one of the surprises hinted at by
the national officers. From one or two
points the strikers are reported as rest
less and eager for action, but so far they
have kept faith with their leaders and re
frained . from committing any breach' of
the peace.
The United States Steel Corporation, it
was learned to-day from an official source,
will at once proceed in a systematic man
ner to start Its closed shtfet mills, mak
ing the non-union plants of the Kiskl
menetas Valley the cradle where the
strike-breakers will be trained and then
sent out to the mills that are closed.
Seattle Coroner Finds
Ghastly Evidence of "
a Crime.
Grewsome Indications That a
.Young Girl Was Mur
dered*
Special Dispatch to The CalL
¦ SEATTLE, Aug. 7,— Seattle's list of un
solved murder mysteries was, increased
t*"-day by a discovery made yesterday but
carelessly pigeonholed by the police. By
mere accident the Coroner heard of the
case and after he had made an official in
vestigation did not hesitate to say that a
brutal murder had been committed. •
The victim was a young girl and her
body was chopped to pieces and then
buried. in an old trunk eight miles Bouth
of Seattle. The trunk was discovered
during' the grading for the new race
course. At the time the trunk was burled
that part of the county was a lonely spot
and as the place of burial was not very
far from the banks of the Duwamlsh
River the murderer could have- safely
rowed to the bank, burled his victim and
then escaped In the darkness;
Coroner Hoye says it would be impos
sible to have got the body into the. trunk
except by cutting It to pieces. From
the appearance of -the bones the Coroner
Is satisfied that the murderer, after
brutally killing his victim, cut , her body
and it In the trunk in order that
he would have- an opportunity to leave
the country. Clinging to the bones was
cloth which was at first thought to be a
remnant of a gunny sack. It was ob
served that the cloth was closely woven,
which leads the Coroner to believe that
the cloth was a blanket. '.There was hair
on the skull and there was evidence that
it had been abundant and ,of auburn or
reddish color. The hair was thickly
matted about the skull.
After ascertaining all possible facts in
the case Coroner Hoye destroyed the
trunk and the skull and larger bones of
the body were brought to the city. The
rest were buried not far from the race
track.
"There is not the least bit of doubt that
an awful crime was committed." said
Coroner Hoye. "The bones are those of
a young girl, I should say not over four
teen years of age. The trunk in which
they were found was so small that it
would be impossible to place the body
there without first cutting it to pieces*.
The body had evidently been buried about
four years.'!
Another' Body Found in the Buins.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 7. — Another
body was found to-day in the ruins of
Monday night's explosion in Locust street,
making a total of eight fatalities as a re
sult of the disaster. The body found to
day was that of an unknown negro about
50 years of age. His remains were found
sitting upright in a chair in the debris of
the Jones restaurant. It is believed that
all the victims have now been recovered.
Dentist Falls From a "Wall.
PETALUMA, Aug. 7.— Dr. Charles O.
Perkir.s, a dentist of this city; lies at the
point of death as the' result of a fall from
a high wall at his home last night. While
walking on the wall he lost his balance
and fell on a cement walk, striking his
head.
HONORS ARE EVEN IN THE STRIKE
OF WORKERS IN STEEL TRUST MILLS
CHOPPED BODY
IN THE TRUNK
NOMINEE OF THE REPUBLI
CAN CONVENTION OF IOWA
FOR GOVERNOR.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 7.— The immense pro
ject to harness the waters of the Mount
Hamilton water shed and generate elec
tric power_ to be furnished San Francisco
corporations was given a look of earnest
ness to-day by the. filing of three notices
of Intention to use the water for that pur
pose by R. G. Hanford of San Francisco.
Hanford recently purchased these water
rights from C. W. Quilty of this city for
Pepper & Register of Philadelphia, end
his. scheme included the erection of a blK
impounding dam and power works in Cai
averas Valley and a transmission of tl-e
power to San 4<Yancisco by a wire Hiip
It Is claimed the promoters of the scheme
are figuring. on furnishing power for an
electric railway system around the bay
In the three notices filed to-day Han
ford gives notice he intends to utilize 1200
miner's inches of water per second from
the San Ysabel Creek, 1000. inches ea-h
from the Smith and Bonlta creeks - Th->
purposes set forth for which the water is
to be used are for irrigation, development
and generation of mechanical, electrical
or other power and for. all purposes to
which said water and power may be used
It, is announced that the water Is to be
conveyed In flumes, not to exceed three
feet by three feet in size, and water pipes
adequate for the purpose, to the upper
portion of the Calaveras Valley, on a
quarter section . of land adjoining the
ranch of.J. Carrlck on the west. Some
preliminary work for the erection of an
impounding dam has already been done.
Utilize the Power for Elec
trical Purposes.
Preparations Are Being Made to
MAY HARNESS WATER
ON MOUNT HAMILTON
Another clew wliich the detectives are
trying to run down has an Eastern color
to it and the men concerned are suppose!
to be fake Insurance solicitors. For some
days these men have been in the neigh
borhood, hanging around the barrooms.
This has gone on until Monday, since
which time they have disappeared. On
this also are the detectives ¦ ruminating.
The theories of escape are Tailing back
gradually to the original opinion that
water furnished the medium. At first it
was generally thought that the gold
bricks left on the rocks was a ruse to in
dicate falsely that the hurried departure
was by boat. Now the conjecture prac
tlcers will have it that a double-cross was
intended by the robbers — that by leav.ng
the gold their pursuers would imagine
that they did this to divert the suspicion
of a water escape v.-V.
Then come all sorts of rumors'from the
smelting works. It is whispered about
that one high in authority is watched
carefully by the detectives and that he
has been called to San Francisco, but
Superintendent von der Ropp denies this.
He says that no suspicion Is cast upon
any of the employes occupying posirfcnis
of trust and confidence. Every day the
belief grows stronger and stronger that
some one who was close to the Inner
workings of the business at the works
was implicated in the crime. The exact
and precise knowledge of the underlying
conditions and circumstances connected
with the deposit of the gold in the vaults
has impressed many with an indelible be
lief In the guilt of some trusted employe.
The police are certainly keeping all under
a quiet, unnoticed surveillance. . .. • ¦
Confidential Man Involved.
expressed his Indignation at the injustice
done him. He said he had been worklnj?
a mine in Sierra County for some time
and had eight men in his service. He had
not been near the Selby works since he
left the penitentiary. He had purchased
a pump for his mine some time ago, but
found it 'was too small and he came to
the city to purchase a larger pump. Tha
first thing he knew about the robbery was
when he saw it in the papers yesterday
morning when he reached Port Costa on
the train coming to the city. He was
stopping at the Russ House and thought
that in Justice to himself his statement
should be made known. He was also in
censed that his name should have . been
coupled with that of "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, am he had never spoken to
him in San Quentin for the simple reason
that they were both kept in solitary con
finement.
He can shoot, this man, and he was for
ever practicing with the gun. Last night
as he tossed and twisted and turned he
had three revolvers primed and loaded
close to his body, but they ¦were not for
his use. Taylor was the live subject of
a long watch, deathlike in its utter quiet
ness. .
the meat-marketer. The small piercing
eyes and the mustache Riley noticed as
the man walked along the road morning:
after morning, his clothes covered with
freshly unearthed sand. Taylor was held
a somewhat dangerous man. not on ac
count of his evil ways, but because of his
keen ability with the revolver.
Continued From Page One.
Continued From Page One.
PRISONER IS CLOSELY GUARDED
A. B. Cummins has been a conspicuous
figure In . public life for fourteen years.
In 1892 he was made temporary chairman
of the Republican State Convention as an
assurance to the anti-prohibitionists that
¦ they would no longer be proscribed by the
'Republican party. Next year he was a
candidate for United States Senator, mak
ing .many friends, bufJohn H. Gear was
elected. -In 1896 he was made a member
pf the Republican National Committee. A
/very popular speaker, he has been con
spicuous In nearly every campaign and
: has. won numerous admirers, ¦who follow
him •with intense devotion. His second
campaign for the Senatorshlp, two years
ago, in which he was again defeated by
John H. Gear, resulted in the formation
of a powerful organization in his interest.
Cummins is a successful lawyer. He was
born in Pennsylvania In 1850. His ulti
mate goal is the Senate, where he hopes
some day to succeed Allison.
Career of the Candidate.
Mowrey made a stronger run for Rail
road Commissioner than the friends of
Brown had expected, and before the end
of the count was reached they had his
following in something like consternation.
The Brown men had the strength to win
out, however.
fixed with the Cummins men and that the
delivery of the last Ninth District dele
gates to Cummins this morning was a
step in the interchange of votes. Even
with the Cummins strength behind him,
the strong counties of the State. Herriott
required two ballots to beat Brandt, who
made a strong personal canvass - and
gained steadily from the time that he
opened his headquarters. :
The Judgeshlp was practically conceded
to "Weaver before the convention opened,
and nothing but the determination of the
Polk County delegation to cast their.six
ty-four votes for Bishop on the first ballot
as a compliment to that gentleman pre
vented Weaver being nominated on the
first roll call. .
When Polk changed on the second bal
lot it was all up with his competitors.
REDDING, Aug. ".—Joseph Staub, a
veteran of the Mexican and civil wars,
aped 75 years, was found dead in bed this
morning at his home on the east side pf
the Secramento River from Redding.
Heart trouble caused his death. ¦
Veteran of Two 'Wars Dead.
Although Herriott and all his personal
following denied up to the time the con
vention opened that, he would take any
thing on the ticket less, than first place,
there is no doubt now that the deal was
TWENTY-FIVE IHOUSUD DOLLARS
Deal Fixed With Crimmins' Men.
Cummins. 860: Trewln. 369V&; Harriman,
359%; Conger. 42; Herriott. 8; Mahon. 2.
The nomination of Cummins was made
unanimous.
The members of the steering commit
tee, who had decided to make their fight
with Haniman as their candidate, came
into the convention in bad political odor.
The morning break of the Herriott rem
nant had convinced them that they had
little chance. The first blow they received
was when the Cummins men took control
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion. The steering committee had counted
with confidence on organizing the conven
tion and had declared over and over again
that their best chance for -winning with
Harrlman lay in this direction. When
once they had the organization, they said,
they would proceed to name the nominees.
They failed utterly to place their men In
the make-up of the regular organization,
and when Permanent Chairman Byera,
who Is a strong Cummins man, took up
the official gavel his first blow drove homo
the last nail In the coffin of the commit
tee. They had previously been knocked
out of the report of the credentials com
mittee and from that time on It was sim-'
ply a question of waiting for the heasse
that would carry them away. The ballot
showed: . ..
In Bad Political Odor.
Cummins swept the board. He and his
followers took everything- that they went
for, and from the first rap of the gavel
to the putting out of the lights there was
no time when they did not have the sit
uation well In hand. They had a hard
fight before the committee on credentials
in the effort to save the delegations of
Jackson and Carroll counties and came
from the - committee-room beaten men.
They expected to have six out of eleven
members of the committee, but in the
morning caucus they fell one short of that
number and the vote in the committee
went against them in both cases by a
vote of five to f slx. This defeat was of no
particular consequence, however, as they
had the strengrth the floor of the con
vention to seat their men •whenever the
question came up. They won their light
on the first ballot taken In the conven
tion and from that time to the finish there
was sewr the slightest doubt of the ulti
mate result-
With the above ticket the Republicans
of Iowa will go into the next State cam
paign.
RAPIDS, la., Aug. 7.— Forv
f{^ Governor, A. B. Cummins, Des
(i ' Moines: Lieutenant Governor,
John Herrlott, Stuart; Judge of
the Supreme Court. S. M. Weav
er, Iowa Falls; Railroad Commissioner,
E. C. Brown, Sheldon; Superintendent of ,
Public Instruction, R. C. Barrett, Osagp.
BAKER ClTl',* Or., Aug. 7. — The second
robbery of the Red Boy mine within six
days came to light this afternoon through
the arrest of a machinist named Matty
at Sumpter. He secured about nine
pounds of gold, worth about $1500, and
started for Sumpter. On arrival at
Bumpter he offered his clean-up for sale
and was arrested. It is understood most
n^ the amalgam -was recovered. Word
was received to-night that the third man
fif the gang who held up Godfrey and
Taber last Friday had been arrested.
Tries to Sell Stolen Gold.
Commodore Howlson seemed greatly im
pressed with the lflea that Sampson was not
fretting the credit that belonged to him. hence
the etatement that he has been selected to
serve on the court of inquiry because he had
expressed no opinion as to the Schley-Sampson
controversy ie a surprise. >
The selection of Rear Admiral H. I* How
lson, U. S. X.. retired, to fill the court of in
quiry •which will look Into the actions of Ad
miral Schley is surprising to some people with
whom h© talked with mere than ordinary free
dom when news of the battle of Santiago
reached Boston.
"To SunpsoD belongs th« credit for the vic
tory." eata Commodore Howison at that time.
3je then being 1 commandant at th» Charleston
Nary Yard and having the rank of commo
dore. He explained at some length the duties
And responsibilities of Sampson, who was In
command of the fleet that sunk Cervera's bat
tleships. He declared that the strategy em
ployed in the winning of the victory was all
of Bampson's devising; that each American
vessel was anchored off Santiago harbor In
rnoh manner that all attempts to escape on
Oi neia'B part would at once be met by over
whelming resistance, and that Sampson 1 s pres
ence at the battle was of comparatively little
Importance.
*'6cfcley 3s not respected as Sampson is." he
S&10. "Sampson Is a brave, cool, intelligent
officer. Schley had the reputation of being
nervous and hot-headed In the Naval Academy
end he does not stand ae high in the estimation
of naval officers as Sampson does. Of the
two men Sampson is respected far more."
BOSTON, Aug. 7.— Considerable discus
sion concerning the selection of Rear Ad
miral H. I* Howlson, retired, to fill the
vacant place on the Schley court of ln
<julry by the reprinting in the Boston
Record this afternoon of an Interview
alleged to have been granted by the then
Commodore Howlson •when news, of the
destruction of Admiral Cervera's fleet
reached Boston. The article In the Record
Is as follows:
Special Dlsp&tch to The Call.
Praise of Sampson by the
Former Commodore After
Santiago Sea Battle.
Schley's Friends May
Object to His Serv
ing on the Board.
CLAIM HOWISON
IS PREJUDICED
THE SAIS" FEAH ui»UO^ UAtL, THUKSDAT, AUGUST 8, 1901.
Convention Completes Ticket and Places
at Its Head a Prominent Lawyer Who
Has Been Twice Beaten for the Senate
IOWA REPUBLICANS
NOMINATE CUMMINS
3
ADVEB.TISEMCE2ITS.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORgraSS
>1ve frur.tireil reward tor any Vgj"Hg5
case we cannot cure. This secret ?¦¦ "*v
remedy etops losses in 24 boun, R^ E
cures Emissions, lmi>ol«>ncy. Vari- &"BS Ek
oocele. Strictures. Olt«t. Drains, JWl *f!t
I^,tt llanhood and nil otter wast- *&J rtfr
li (r pfV-cts of Belf-abuse cr excess- 838 He
w. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; S bottles, Wh™*»
It,; juarantfed to cure er.y case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also lor sale at 107354
Market et., S. F. All private diseases Quickly
«>nr»/i. Send lor free book.
Ho-w many mothers realize that when
tlie baby's advent is expected they need
strength for two instead of one. Wom-
en, vreafc, nervous, "just able to drag
around," find themselves confronted
vrith coming maternity. They have
not strength enough for themselves, how ¦
can they have strength to give a child ?
We don't look for the birth of strong
ideas from s. weak mind. Why should
¦we expect the birth of strong children
from weak mothers?
The way to ensure health and strength
to mother and child
£Jttt& s to 'use Dr. Pierce's
Jfc?&zL Favorite Prescription
.i<Ba*irj| as a preparative for
Igpi-'^Efe^^') brings the mother's
J^ISfe'-—^j» strength up to the
JftgPpffi^jwej? requirements of nat-
MSBC& stSg&jjIsi ure ' so that she has
Js§fce£JS~^&^$ strength to give her
$$£§f^y$T\ child. It nourishes
pfij^Pa the nerves and so
E"Bpj!?l&ii quiets them. It en-
BgKft Igili m courages a natural
Tfi$$g8J&%&22Jd appetite and induces
gff^||||i||j « Favorite Prescrip-
HKfe3|S2£3gl tion" mates -weak
HBffiBpBSJSi I women strong and
BBECTrffjfnm 6 * ck well.
Wwfi*rffi&i%$^ There is no alcohol
«BpSajg»S|j^y in "Favorite Pre-
6cription" and it is
free from opium, co-
caine and all other narcotics.
* I ¦wisli to let yon know the great benefit my
*rife derived through taking- your * Favorite
Prescription." 1 writes Mr. Robert Harden, of
Erasdoa, Manitoba, Bex 23s "It was when
her baby catne. \t'« had heard bo much of
your medicine that my wife decided to try it
\ I may say my wife s ape wa» thirtv-three
»ud this -was her first child). She commenced
to take ' Favorite Prescription ' five months be-
fore her child was born. We have a fine healthy
pirL and we believe that this was mainly owing
to the •Fa-rorite Prescription,' taken faithfully
according; to directions. We ehall certainly rec-
ommend it -wherever we can."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt 01 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V- Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
I This Great Train |
A *° runs but twice I
per week during fl
miSBU tt ™ I
3 _y Uawfng at 9 am, 9
j HE ft urives In I
unnniiESrl
U If! 1 1 LU Its hlgl standard 1
of service is n
J QH fully nalntalned. 1
Mitt. I
Pjjffl vwH^^^SB BH F*ifl 5^5 Bbfif 1^9 CjMI bc>b h I RS Bui wFm KSh HFy~*" ¦P51
Ifiaze upon this picture, and upon this, and this, 1
|| At Petoskey, Awaiting a Frost. At Home, Using. Cocaine. Cured by Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. §8
W% These people ran away from bay fever. They These people are trying to tough it but at These people took a eonrs* of Stnart's 23
Si are neglecting home duties, barred from home bome by cheeking down the distress with prep- Catarrh Tablets, and. Immune to pollen poisons, §4
|a pleasures, simply prisoners to locality wait- * aratlons containing cocaine. They should tbey hall the glad Summertlmo as the pleasant- SH
ran Ing for a frost. • beware of drugs that enslave. est part of the year. . RS
H In a recent issue of a medical journal, an 'editorial, written exclusively for physicians, says: "Something more than. an fe|
|9 external irritant is required to produce hay fever. Country people are surrounded by a pollen-laden atmosphere; the fields are full |||
J£j of ripening grasses, the ever-present rag weed grows in luxuriance, the goldenrod blooms by every roadside, and their pollens float 2|
H on every breeze, yet nearly all the hay fever victims are t from the populous centers and of a class shut up in the study, the counting gl
i| house, the factory or store, where the atmosphere is as free as possible from plant dust." - *jM
H The results of treatment go to' prove the same fact, that the real fault is with the individual, that hay fever is a systemic or fa
pH constitutional disease rendering one particularly susceptible to the influence of substances that have no unpleasant effect on healthy- hs
|H and constitutionally right folks. i §2a
Hj Local applications alone never did and never will cure hay fever. Most local remedies, that give relief, contain cocaine that igj
HI deadens the affected tissues and lulls the more distressing symptoms to temporary rest, but must be resorted to so frequently as to, ||||
IS each season, fasten rthe dreadful cocaine habit on a considerable percentage of hay fever victims. |ra
ID To cure hay fever we must not rely on the local tinkering of mere symptoms but address remedies to the deep-seated consti- |?j
HH tutional cause that permits of the local irritations. / ' ggl
III ' The only real cure, for hay fever, as the only true cure for catarrh, consists in so influencing the system by internal or con- *f|
lH stitutiohal treatment as to enable it to withstand and be immune to all plant dust irritants. Correct the constitutional weakness H
lH that allows of the disease, by proper internal treatment, and, like healthy folks, you will not have hay fever. |j
|H . There is one remedy that will do this; will so alter, strengthen and- fortify the system that it will be proof against pollen M
HI poisons. It is "the same remedy- that has cured so many thousands of catarrh by building them up out of a systemic weakness that |S
I 9 Stuart's Catarrh Tablets if taken in time will render the system resistant to hay fever, and one will no more have it than do |£
I I other, people who are equally exposed to plant dust. .. • H
HI To wholly escape hay fever one must begin the tablets some time before the attack usually comes on. If one. waits until the |
I 3 disease is already manifest, to take the tablets', they will relieve to some degree, and, in a measure ward off the disease. ||
I i Begin early, get your system thoroughly under the influence of the tablets and in perfect condition to resist influences that , |
I 1 do not affect healthy and 'constitutionally right people, escape the. annual vexations and miseries that attend hay fever, stay at |
§ i home among your friends attending to life' s duties and pleasures, and enjoy the beautiful Summer and Fall months, when all nature |
I i rejoices and normal folks are happy and content. 1
|H All drug stores sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at 50 cents a box. They contain no cocaine or opiates, so common to haj r fever |3
Ha remedies, and are safe as they are reliable and satisfactory. Try. them and be convinced. We will send booklets about hay fever a
H| and catarrh free for the asking. F.'Ai Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich. IREPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
DENOUNCES FALSE STATEMENT
The Horace Davis Republican Club of
the Forty-first Assembly District held a
large; and . enthusiastic meeting last night
at 1605 Polk street.
Encouraging reports were received from
the various precincts of the district. A
grand rally and open air meeting of anti
boss Republicans of the district will be
held next Saturday evening at 1605 Polk
street.
Forty-First Republicans.
The Forty-third Assembly District Club
of the Republican Primary League will
hold a general meeting Friday evening
at Union So.uare Hall, 421 Post street.
President, F. P. Shibeley; secretary,
Fred Tobelman. Addresses will be made
by r>. W. Burchard, M. M. Miller and
Marc Anthony.
Republicans of the- Fortieth Assembly
District will meet to-night at 2045 Point
Lobos avenue. Attorney J. B. Sykes will
preside.
quarters, Penny's Hall, 1150 Kentucky
street, Friday evening. Prominent speak
ers will address the meeting.
The Thirty-third Assembly '. District
Club of the Republican Primary League
will meet Monday evening at Maenner
bund Hall, Twenty-fourth street and Po
trero avenue, to discuss the issues of the
campaign and ratify nominations for del
egate to the convention.
Kelly, Rainey and Their Motley Allies Tremble at the Uprising of De
cent Citizens and Voters.
LONG ISLAND CITY, L. I., Aug. 7.—
Rumors have been persistently circulated
to the effect that Georgia Cayvan, the
actress. Is In a critical condition and that
little hope is held out for her recovery.
Miss Cayvan has been 111 at Sanford Hall
Sanitarium at Flushing, L. I., for several
months. The exact nature of her Illness
is not known and the physicians at the
sanitarium refuse to be interviewed in
relation to the case. Last night It was
said, that Miss Cayvan was dead. When
questioned as to this the woman in charge
at the sanitarium refused to state
whether. Miss Cayvan was dead or "alive.
WELL-KNOWN ACTRESS '
REPORTED TO BE IfYTNQ
TAMPA, Fla.. Aug.. 7.— The Resistencia
tTn5on of Cigarmakers has changed its
position with relation to the strike sev
eral times to-day. This morning the strik
ers were taking an obligation to leave
Tampa in a body and never return un
der any circumstances. This afternoon
they Issued a statement saying If their
leader? are returned to them they will
then be ready to arbitrate, and thus set
tle the trouble. They declare they will
do nothing unless this Is done. Citizens
say they will have a long wait.
It 6eems to be settled to-night that the
deported strike leaders are beyond reach,
and this is impressing itself upon the
strikers' minds.
La Resistencia has been j telegraphing
to Key West and New York all day, try
ing to employ attorneys to come here and
take their case, but with what success is
unknown. This action was upon the be
lief that the men were in Jail. They are
not confined in Jail. From their vacillat
ing moods it is believed that the strik
ers are wavering and will soon be ready
to resume -work where they left off.
Tampa served them with notice to-day
that if they desire to leave • in a body
they can do so without objection being
raised. - -.'-: '
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. ' Ptop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask . L.
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. •
BcRLIN, Aug. T.-ySo'ihe comment has
been made in the pfesg that only a few
details of the last monients of the Dow
ager Empress. Frederick have been given
to the public. The Frankfurter Zeitung
now prints the.. following particulars-
Emperor J William .and , ! the Kmpress
were at the bedside from 5:30 a. m until
the end. Frequently the Emperor held
his mother's hand warmly clasped. She
was fully conscious until noon and suf
fered great agony. Then she gradually
became unconscious. Soon after 6pm
the physicians gave a sign that dissolu
tion was approaching. The Emperor
grasped her hand and held It until the
last, the other members of the family
kneeling silently around the bed. * ttmlly
Remains Conscious Until
a Short Time Before
Her Death. L;^ .,
Striking Cigarmakers at
Tampa Will Then
Arbitrate.
DEMAND RETURN
OF THE LEADERS
LAST MOMENTS
OF THE EMPRESS
Primary League Meetings.
The Republican Primary League . Club
of the Thirty-second Assembly District
wCl hold a general meeting at its head-
In the • Twenty-Eighth Assem
bly District. Such boldness on the part
of the corrupt boss clears away all ves-
Tipe of doubt concerning- the issue before
tlie people of San Francisco. Kelly at
U>« head of the ticket proclaims that the
bosses shall rule if he wins out on elec
tion day. On the other side the Republi
can Primary League proclaims that hon
est citizens shall rule if Boss Kelly is de
feated.
The lines are now sharply drawn.
Marching under the banner of the league
are -worklzigmeii. merchants, business
men. taxpayers and other good citizens
•who declare that the city shall be gov
erned by the people and for the people.
Following in the wake of Boss Kelly are
the> tax looters, rounders and representa
tives of the corrupt element in politics
¦vrho threaten to inaugurate a reign of
public plunder at the City HalL
MARTXN KELi.Y. chief of the
allied bosses. Is no longer under
cover. He comes out openly
at th© head of the boss ticket
Death Terminates His Trip.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 7,-Michael Evans,
while making a trip from Tulare to Ben
Lomond by wagon, died suddenly from
valvular disease of the heart at Mountain
House, thirty miles east of Gilroy Tues
day evening. v *
FRESNO. Aug. 7.-District Attorney
Everts was asked to-day about the pros
ecution of prominent packers arrested for
entering the Hoyt & Co. warehouse at
Selma yesterday. He said he would cer
tainly prosecute them, as he considered
their conduct unwarranted, high-handed
and illegal. Among the men involved in.
the removal of the raisins from Hoyt &
Co. s warehouse are Adam ilowatt, Frank
Romain, Thomas Lynch. Henry Pratt
Samuel Samuelson, Frank Gray and Le£
Will Prosecute Raisin Men.
Joseph McMahon, a Morse patrolman,
employed at the Union Iron Works as a
special"; officer, was struck on the head
with a rock and seriously Injured last
evening while on duty near Illinois street
and Twentieth avenue. McMahon and
several other specials were standing on
the sidewalk when some one of a crowd
of 3trlkers across the street hurled a larga
rock at them. The missile struck Mc-
Mahon In the temple and felled him un
conscious to the sidewalk. The crowd
started to run and Charles Groth, one of
the officers with McMahon. gave chasa
and fired two shots from his revolver at
the men without effect. McMahon was
taken to the Potrero police station and
from there was sent to his home. Yes
terday was McMahon's first day as a
special policeman.
Special Offlcar Injured.
The bay steamer Sunol wa3 at the Mall
dock yesterday with a load of piglead
for the America Maru. Her deckhands
refused to- load the lead into slings so
that it could be handled by the non-union
men on the dock. Seven negroes were
put In their places and handled the lead.
When it was all ashore the negroes were
landed and the Sunol' s crew resumed
their labors.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Australia got away for Tahiti
on time yesterday morning. She carried
many passengers and a full cargo. The
men who loaded her were put to -work on
the Mariposa.
The Aconcagua, which Is scheduled to
sail for Valparaiso, was brought over
from the Oakland side last night and
moored at Howard-street dock, whero
more than 1000 tons of freight were plied
up awaiting her.
seem to accomplish much. The collier
Milton is being unloaded in the- stream.
The coal 'bn - her is being transferred to
barges. The Czarina, and the South Port
land will be hauled into the stream to
day and unloaded in the same manner.
The steam schooner National City,
though full loaded, has been unable to
get away on account of the owners' fail
ure to secure a non-union crew.
Continued From Page Two.
In their election. The delegates of the Sara
! toga Democratic Club rely upon the honest and
independent voter for their election. We give
below a full list of delegates, but you can
only vote for and support the three that ara
assigned to your primary election precinct, as
per enclosed adhesive slip. Moisten back o£
paster and attach to Democratic ballot.
Election Precinct No. 67 (comprising First.
Second and Third precincts)— Edward F. Ly
don. Thomas F. Mansfield. Kills Powell.
Election Precinct Mo. 63 (comprising Fourth,
Fifth and Ninth precincts)— Joan Shinkwin,
Jacob Harris. SI. J. Keegan.
Election Precinct No. 69 (comprising Sixth,
Seventh and Eighth precincts)— Charles I.
Ford, Abe Jacobs. Theo. Roche.
Election Precinct No. 70 (comprising Tenth.
Eleventh and Seventeenth precincts)— "Walter
Malloy, Henry Blaney, Joseph M. Levy.
Election Precinct No. 71 (comprising Thir
teenth. Fourteenth and Fifteenth precincts)—.
S. T. Kohlman, J. F. Kennedy, William J.
Election Precinct No. 72 (comprising Twelfth.
Sixteenth and Twentieth precinct*)— ¦William,
P. Carter.' Jesse A. Galland, Robert Murray.
Election Precinct No. 73 (comprising Eight
eenth, Nineteenth and Twenty-flrst precincts)-*
Carl Westerfeld, M. Hendy, J. H. Tates.
Jefferson Democratic Club.
The Thomas Jefferson Democratic Club
of the Thirty-third Assembly District met
in Maennerbund Hall. Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue, last Tuesday
evening and nominated the following dele*
gates to the comine Democratic conven
tion: ¦.-."'..•
Twenty-ninth Primary Precinct— T. F. Flt*
patrick. Philip Prior. Joseph T. Ward.
Thirtieth Primary Precinct— Charles J. Ward.
D J. Reardon. Jr., Anthony Jones.
Thirty-first Primary Precinct— GeorgB R,
Code, Thomas Doyle, Lawrence Donavon.
Thirty-second Primary Precinct — Josepi*
Glacken. Patrick Doyle Sr.. P. Boyle.
Thirty-third Primary Precinct— Thomas Kelly*
John P. McDonough. Jeremiah J. Regan.
Twenty-Ninth District Democrats.
The Democrats of the Twenty-ninth As-,
sembly District have nominated the fcN
lowing- named delegates:
Seventh Precinct— Dr. P. J. Conran,
William C. Cavitt and William H. Zan-i
der. Eighth Precinct-yP. J. Hurley,
Michael I. Connelly and Joseph Rowan.
Ninth Precinct— James J. Powers and Jo
seoh I. Lawless. Tenth Precinct — Jame3
Qillen, Arthur O'Byrne and William Gaff-*
ney. Eleventh Precinct— J. J. Sweeney,
Edward O'Gara and Joseph Pinkney.
Twelfth Precinct — Thomas O'Connor,
Nicholas Fitzgerald and Thomas J. Horan.
Forty-Fourth District Democrats.
The regular Democratic Club of th©
Forty-fourth Assembly District has nom
inated a delegate ticket as follows: Nine
ty-elghth Precinct — Samuel J. Sullivan.
Joseph I». Valente and Sebastian Raveni;
Ninety-ninth Precinct— Fred C. Boden,
Giovanni Bacigalupi and Henry J. Ost
heimer: 100th Precinct — G-. Iaccherl. Frank
L>. Grlffen and Charles H. Beschonnann :
101st Precinct— A. A. Cavagnaro. Peter F.
Quirk and George J. Arata; 102d Precinct
—James W. Rellly, R. W. Page and A.
Glassman.
UNIONS' ORDERS ADD SIK HUNDRED MORE MEN TO FORCES CAMPAIGNING
YESTERDAY the Democratjo
camp was thrown into a state of
agitation by a rumor that Chris
Buckley, an . old-time leader and
boss of the party, had arrived
in the city to manage the municipal cam
paign for the Democrats. The report rel
ative to Buckley's presence in the city is
true, but according to his own declaration
his sojourn has no political significance.
Speaking of the report that he was on the
ground to take a hand in the primary
election contest he said:
"I am here attending to business affairs
and have met many of my old friends. I
have no intention or desire to mix up
in "political affairs. In fact. I am out of
politics and it Is my purpose to stay out,
despite all reports to the contrary. I am
a Democrat and of course wish that party
success in the municipal election, but am
not advising it3 leaders how to manage
the campaign."
Saratoga Democratic Club.
The Saratoga Democratic Club, James
F. Ford president -and Jesse A. Galland
secretary, has issued the following proc
lamation to voters of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District:
The Saratosra Democratic Club earnestly
urges upon every voter Ahe necessity of per
forming- hl3 duty as a citizen hy participating
in the primary election to be held Tuesday,
August 13, 190L Primary elections in the past
have been dominated by the bosses, so that
honest men have had but little chance against
the frauds practiced by them, but this year a
different condition prevails. The new primary
law assures a fair count of every vote polled,
therefore there is no excuse for any citizen
absenting himself from the polls.
The Saratoga Democratio Club respectfully
submits for your kind consideration and sup
port a carefully selected list of delegates. Said
delegates are not In any way directly or In
directly holding positions of any kind under
the municipal government, hence they are ab
solutely unpledged and In no way subject to
the dictation of the Phelan-McNab- machine.
If elected they will be free to fearlessly exer
cise their best judgment In ..the selection of
candidates that will correct and eradicate the
abuses that have sprung up under the so
called Democratic administration, to the grlev- "
ous disappointment of alt friends of good gov
ernment. They favor the municipal owner
ship of water, gas, etc., and the operation of
the same in the interests of the whole people;
the Issuance of bonds necessary to raise suffi
cient funds to purchase and construct gas and
water -works and to complete a modern sewer
system, modern school houses and well-paved
streets, etc., etc. The re-enactment of the
Chinese exclusion law, the selection of an in
dependent county committee in touch with the
sentiment of the party at large and not-ren
dered subservient to a clique of office-holders
through the distribution of public patronage,
contrary to the spirit of civil service. Civil
service honestly conducted may be a good
thing, but the spoils system, under the guise
of civil service, is the worst of all spoil sys
tems.
The list of delegates put forward by the.
Saratoga Democratic Club will have opposed
to them a set of delegates selected and backed
up by the City Hall crowd, with public pat
ronage and solitical assessments to assist them.
Former Boss of the Party Asserts That He
Is Out of Politics, and Will Take No
Hand in the Coming Primary Election
DEMOCRATS AGITATED
BY BUCKLEY'S ARRIVAL
PRIMARY LEAGUE QUICK
TO EXPOSE BOSS CANARD
ANTI-BOSS REPUBLICANS ARE CONFIDENT THAT THEY
WILL WIN A GREAT VICTORY AT PRIMARY ELECTION
Martin Kelly Emerges From Coyer ancl Goes
to the Head of His Delegate Ticket in the
Twenty-Eighth—Contest Is Now Clear
THE SAN FR ANCISGO CALL., THURSDAY, AUGUST 8. 1 901.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Judge A. H.
Humphreys of the First United States Cir
cuit Court, Hawaii; to-day had a confer
ence with. Attorney General Knox. Some
time ago the Bar Association of Hawaii
filed a complaint against Judge Humphreys
alleging, ; among other things, ; arbitrary
-and ¦ unjust . treatment ' of . members of the
bar, and . specifying the arrest i of ,, three
well-known attorneys -upon a charge : of
contempt of court.* The sentence, ' how
ejver, -was not executed, and subsequently
the accused were pardoned by,, the ',- Gov
ernor. On .the other hand, it -'is- said a
large number of letters have been received
here testifying to the uprightness and in
tegrity.of Judge -Humphreys.; and other
testimony ! bearing I upon • the case is # ex
pected, very "soon: * It is. expected that the
Bar Association "of 'Hawaii will .follow
their complaint '¦ by formal charges, and
then the matter will "« be taken up i by - the
Department of Justice and disposed of.
It is . intimated by persons in : a position
to have knowledge on the subject that the
complaints against Judge Humphreys are
a result of "the antagonism that has ex
isted for some time between the new Fed
eral officials: and ,the=.old' regime. .Judge
Humphreys will remain' some days. r
JUDGE HUMPHREYS
MEETS ATTORNEY GENERAL
FREIGHT MOVES SLOWLY.
HAVANA, Aug. 7.— The Union of To
bacco Buyers of Havana was recently
asked by the Merchants' Union to give an
opinion as to the. duties levied • in the
United States upon Cuban tobacco. : The
reply was to the effect that the duty on
cigars should be reduced ;.to $2 50 per
pound in-espective of value and r that the
duties on . wrappers and^ fillers should \ be
reduced 20 and 30 cents, .respectively, per
pound. A long . preamble asserts ; that
Cuba, if she does not cbtain concessions
to which she has a perfect right, in view
of the fact that she is under th& economic
as well as the political protection of the
United States, should ask for/annexation.
"This the United. States would grant,",
the preamble goes on to say, "as it would
be in conformity with the desire'of a ma
jority of the American people. /Thus 5 the
successful opposition of the sugar and to
bacco interests of -the '.United; States to
granting concessions to Cuba . would not
only result in the ruin of these two inter
ests, since with annexation Cuba '.would
have free trade, and this would mean the
overthrow of the sugar, and - tobacco in
dustries in the States." - - - > -. - ¦¦- .
CUBAN TOBACCO MEN
WOTTLD SEEK A2J1TE1XATION
Twenty-Eighth District. •
Thomas Westoby, Fred J. Hopper, Frank A.
Schmitz, William J. Harrington, Harry Peter
son, John A. Barr, Peter Donovan, N. E.
Whitcomb, E. S. Blering. AV alter Macaulay,
N. F. Witzeman, James F. - McCaffrey and
Chris Andersen.
,\ Twenty-Ninth District.
j. J. Daughney, J. B. McDermott, J. At
wood A. J. Gallagher. J. B. McNamara, J. S.
Parry Fred Hawes, P. Farrell, ¦ J. Nagle
maker, E. C. Havens, J. F. Kingston, Charles
H. Martin and J.jH. O'Brien.
Thirtieth District.
Henry H. Dllges. H. Goetjen. S. Gianettonl,
Joseph D. Bertrand, Isadore Erb, Matthew
Harris, Alfred J. Sadler, James Kennedy. N.
B Engle, William Koehler, Henry Lemser,
John Ryan. John F. Twomey, Horace B.
"""""i-v Thirty-Flrat District. :
B J' Flood,' J. A. Madden. John W. Rogers,
D Molander. G. A. Melsing. Hugh McElroy.
Louis B. Sollnsky. John Ganey. C. T. Qulrey,
H. Wolfinger, William Tomsky, D. T. Herring
and G.' Nelson. ..
• Thirty-Second District. . .
! Thomas C. Duff. T. Byron de Witt. .Wil
liam. Harrington, Mark F. Crowley, Albert \V.
Lehrke. Walter A. Moreno, C. M. ; Erickson,
John Kinney Hamilton S. Elliott, John T.
Flynn, W. D. Getchell.
. Thirty-Third District.;- ' .
C D Douglas,^ Henry Schulken, "John A.
W^eston, : John McCabe. Charles Wiseman, J.
Harry Finkham, James F. Kelly He " r 7 ? U J'
gers Thomas Cavanaugh, Richard Smith, John
Ristb Frank L. Wacker, Frank V. Plstolesl,
Henry Lett* man, Hugh G. . Hamilton, Charles
Mllly. Gustat Swenson.
Thirty-Fourth District.
Carl Anderson W. W. Chase, Captain H. J.
Burns, F P. Duly, J. Corbett, F. W. Burnett;
Clifford McClellan. P. F. Mertes, H. N. Beatty.
A. H Menne, D. Nichols, H: N. Lange, Ralph
L. Hathorn. H. G. Krasky. John Tonningsen.
E' D Knight,. J. E. Elklngton, F. L. Waibel.
Morgan Backus. G.' I. Raychester. L.' T. Wag
ner. E. L. Knowles, George T.- Shaw Jr.
Thirty-Fifth District.
Cllve A. Brown, Robert Husband, A. M. Wal
lem, Samuel M. Snyder, H. C. Schaertzer, J.
H Rawe, W. S. Grover, William Metzner, F.
W*. Warren, James Cronogue, W. W. de Winton,
Ivan L.. Peterson, W. de L. Klngsbury, Joseph
Lercarl, Thomas R. Hulins, Joseph E. Lee, E.
A. Parker and Sam Gamble.
Thirty-Sixth District
' Charles Ellis, W. A. Colwell, James Duncan,
M. C. Glmpel. H. C. Tabrett. Robert Ash, W.
H. Chamnan, P. F. Ferguson,' G. F. Ochs, W.
H. Kountz, J. B. Mahony, W. S. McDevltt,
M. F. Taylor. A. H. Merrill, O. M. Ratto, A.
P. Van Duzer, W. C. Irwin, L. WhltemAn. O.
P. Beg-KS, H. C. Langrehr, W. L. Coles, Henry
von Werthern, J. B. Barber, Alfred von Bar
gen, Charles E. Thompson, Gustave, Schnee.
Thirty-Seventh District.. .
- G. H. Umbsen, J. K. Jones, Benjamin Apple,
E. W. Strange. J. Halleck Smith, Jacob L.
Rapheld, Stephen M. Reynolds,- Charles F.
Priest, Louis Goldstone, David Rich, A. (.'.
Grlbble, Philip Rogers, Vernon Upton, Fred
erick A. Cooper, S. Bloom, M. J. Kuhl, T. P.
Martin; -Horace V. Carter, EH Pinner. N.
Schleslnger, Richard P. CVMeara, G. W. Gibb,
E. L. Waldteufel, Charles Hlby Jr., G. W.
McCarthy, Leopold Bearwald, August Fuchs,
Edward R. Hanlon.
Thirty-Eighth District.
Byron Mauzy. George W. Blum. Mark Shel
don, F. W. Thompson, B. A. Sammann, Myr
tile Cerf, J. J. Murry, Charles Bliss, Joseph
Uri, William Loewi, Ignatz Beck. A. D. Buck
ley. C. J. McGlynn, I. Goldman. L. Haake, A.
M. Currle. J. D. Nolan, S. H. Beckett. W. R.
Conn, Martin Berwln, John Gernns. Emmett
P. Barrett, - Clark Spence, A. G. Page. D. W.
Burchard, P. J. Shanzer, F. T. Falrcloth.
Thirty-Ninth District. '
Dr.' Henry Gibbons" Jr., Jacob Greenebaum,
John A. Clover, Frank L. Von Rhein, Wilbur
G. Zeigler, Dr. A: S. Adler, Myer- Jacobs,
James F. Cosgrove, James P. Donahue. : Nor
man W. Hall. W. S. Hamilton, George B.
Keane, J. J. Neubarth. Epsa H. Ashton, W. H.
Conly, Joseph S. Fonseca, Marc Anthony, John
A. McKenna, Ralph N. Folks, Joseph Carroll,
Phineas H. S. Barber. Ernest P. Therien. H.
W. Fraaer. Eugene L. Marshall, Ernest A.
Meyer and Joseph Donovan.
Fortieth District. /
Thomas P. Woodward. Edmund Tauszky, I.
L. Blum, A. R. Ahlborn, A. ' C. ' Rulof son,
Lucius L. Solomons, Alfred D. Allan, John H.
Dumbrell, I.. Erlanser, Edward Kelly, H. J.
Owen, L. H. de '.Curtoni. Jacob Samuels, Vic
tor R. Ulman, Joseph F. ' Myrick, B. D. Pike,
Frederick Hancock. J. G. Giesting, Charle3-
Sutro Jr.. S. D. Davis. J. H. Hutaft, M. Koll
mann. E. E. Gillen. Leon E. Prescott, James
Best Elements of Anti-Boss Citizenship Are Represented in
the Nominations for the Municipal Convention of the Party.
Voters Should Compare Names on Pasters With Those Published
ELEGATE tickets placed in the field by the Republican Primary League are' published herewith. The delegates
named by the Independent Republican Club of the Thirty-fourth District and the Horace Davis Republican Club of
the Forty-first District are Indorsed by the league because these clubs represent the best elements of anti-boss clti-
zenship. The other delegate tickets are also composed of representative anti-boss Republicans, and should receive
the indorsement of eyery voter who favors home rule and opposes the reign of corrupt political manipulators.
Before going to the polls next Tuesday every voter should carefully read the names printed on the paster and compare;
them with the names published below. . , • x . -
B. Sykea. A. L. Well. H. F. Peart, W.'A.
Taylor.
Forty-First District.
John C. Currier, Arthur G. Towne,- Charles
A. Murdock, Maurice Brandt. William^; Hat
man, Aurelius E. Buckingham, Sanford Fete
cnbaum, H. O. Beatty. Lester G. Burnett.' ,B.
B. Cutter, E. J. Attrldge, Alonzo Trueworthjr.
R. E. Campbell, J. E. Smith, William H*
Hammer, Herbert D. Walter, E. J.'Pringle
Jr. Irvln J. Wlel,- R. G. Schroeder, William
M. Gill, James W. O'Rourke, F. C. Selrridge.
Ilalph C. DanielB, Frederick L. Crosby,- Stan-,
ley "Forbes, William ReSton, O. C. Pratt, John
Maisch. H. R. Hopps. /'.¦
Forty-Second District.
W. W. Sanderson, D. K. Allison Jr., C. T.
Deane, H. W. Hutton, Andrew , A. Gnarlnl,
George Lowenberg, Richard J. Cllne, E. A.
Leigh, R. B. Treat. A. W. Martin, James F.
Norman. Melville Hermann, John L. Davidson,
Norman H. Hurd. Charles Kaufmann, L. C.
Robinson, S. S. Partello, ¦ J. E. Slinkey, Wil
liam E. Abadle, Charles H. Ward, Robert N.
Risdon.
Forty-Third District.
- J. George Boyne, 'Walter N. Kempston,
Frank P. Shlbeley, J. Rothman, John Della
monica, Daniel H. Sullivan, Xavier Mefret, I.
Ellas," John H. Harney. Charles A. Dumont,
John D. Wilson. James D. Shay, John J. West,
Joseph Danerl. Frank Tuchler, E. S. Strauss,
James D. Hart.
Forty-Fourth District.
John H. Nelson, L. A. Rea, Charles Reed
Jr.. J. C. Kimball, A. Ruef, George Faber,
A L.. Baclgalupi. Walter Collier. Frank Mar
inl Charles Winkler. Frank - Bade, Paul L.
Moses, Harry .Huff, William. Warlike, Charles
H. Sommerlad. • - . . ¦
Forty-Fifth District.
George M.. Perlne. Robert Porter, A. H.
Powers, G. . Scalmanlni, L. E. Savage, Victor
Olson, Thomas A. Benson, Joseph Barbetta,
L. A. Canepa. W. R. Noonan.
and Whitehall.
Strikers Patrol the Bay With. Launch
; Movements of vessels and freight on the
water front are still at a standstill. There
was little accomplished yesterday by the
'shipowners, while the strikers were de
cidedly active. The men who are out on
strike have a., launch and a fleet of white
hall boats patrolling the bay. The owners
of vessels -for several days past have
been transferring non-union longshore
men from wharf to wharf by means of
tugs, thus practically rendering the ef
forts of the- shore pickets useless. The
launch William "VV. was hired yesterday
by the federation and manned with a
crew of union sailors. By means of the
launch they are able closely to observe
the movements of the men who are doing
their work and gain an intimate knowl
edge of the progress made by, the green i
hands injoading the ships.
Boatman Crowley was kept busy yes
terday landing non-union crews on ves
sels that had been tied up since the In
ception of the strike. He succeeded in
placing a number of men on the steamers
Robert Dollar and Enterprise and the
schooner Alexander. The Enterprise,
which was laid up in Oakland Creek for
some time, was hauled to the Oakland
long wharf yesterday and the work
of loading her commenced. In moving
her from her anchorage in the creek both
anchors and many fathoms of chain were
lost.
The unloading of the collier Tellus is
proceeding very slowly. Two full gangs
are at work in her holds but they do not
DELEGATE TICKETS ARE NOMINATED
BY REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
EUREKA, Aug. 7.— Although the Long
shoremen's Union made desperate efforts
to tie up the steamship Pomona in this
port to-day that steamer, through the as
sistance of the butter shippers' of Eel
River Valley and a few millmen, succeed
ed in takiffg on a cargo of butter and cat
tle. It was not, however, until 5 p. m.
that the Pomona finished loading and was
able to continue her trip. Throughout the
day the members of the union were ex
tremely active. Their efforts were not
without success. The crew of the steamer
was first induced to quit work. A num
ber of creamery hands from the valley
were then put to work. These laborers
were also persuaded to throw up. their
jobs. At last the butter shippers them
selves and the officers of the boat took
off their coats and finished loading freight.
George B. Hall, the association's shipping
agent, one of the volunteer freight hand
lers, slipped and broke his leg. The
steamer Eureka will arrive to-morrow
and will receive the same reception from
the union that the Pomona experienced.
at. Eureka.
Union Men Cause Her Much Trouble
FOMON'A GETS CARGO.
BOSSISri SEES THE BEGINNING OF THE END.
p my Republican Primary Leagne denounces as absolutely
U false any statement that it or any of Its affiliated, clubs or
p offleft-s, or any person connected with It, lias made, or at any
JL time trill make, any compromise In any Assembly district or
elsewhere with Martin Kelly, Phil Crlmmins or any. other
boas. .*, ;. . . . .' • " . ¦_.,-- ";.
This declaration 1* Issued because one of the dally papers has
published, apparently as a fact, the absurd raving: of a notorious
political mountebank and acrobat (whose unsupported utterances
are not worth the dignity ot a denial) tbat such a combination
rrlth one of said bosses is reported to hare been made In one of
the Assembly districts.
The Republican Primary Leajpie cannot make public too
orten its unequivocal and nneompromlslng position in this re
gard.
4
Howthe Tahitians Celebrated
the Foil of the Bastile.
. BY REV. JOHN A. LALLY.
- ¦ -- _ - .
Does a College Education Un-
fit a Woman for Do- •
mesttc Duties?
Lost to the World for Thirty
The Fate of the Whirlwind 1 llill 1
Dancers. 1
Shall the. Whipping Post Be 1 I 1 1 A W
¦ i 1 1 ¦ i i i ii ii i ¦ ¦ i ii — — ¦ *¦ ¦ ¦
Experience of an Oakland /J AY ¥
. Colored Man in Africa. I Afc I 1
The Latest Fad. Do You
] Know What It Is?
The Jolly Lady Tars on San •*• . ' ~ ''- : ¦. ¦
| Francisco Bay. , j august 11,1901. 1
Books, Fiction and - Human
Interest Stories. -THURSDAY, AUGUST 8,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur f
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abot
twenty-five minutes "later than ct Fort Polni
the height of t!de is the same at both placei
Times and Heights rf£ I High " and Lo'ct
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sar
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
TO SAIL,
FROM SEATTLE.
CALIFOB-NIANS INWASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— The following
Calif ornians are in Washington : At -the
St. James, J. C. H. Stut of San Francis
co; at the Metropolitan, Miss Cox of Los
Angeles; atthe Ebbltt.^G: Goetz of . San
Francisco. . : ' " ' ¦
Bertha Lebrandt, the^Sant^ Cruz wo
man who was * given,-, judgment against
Jean Sorg, a resident of 'the same place,
for breach of promise to niarry\ is now
certain of recovering damages. The Su
preme Court yesterday affirmed the deci
sion of the lower court* When the mat
ter came up for hearing, in department
the Judges reversed the judgment, as they
thought the plaintiff's feelings were not
sufficiently damaged. Miss Lebrandt se
cured a rehearing and the Supreme Court
in bank decided in her favor.
Wins Breach of Promise Suit.
The schuetzen vereins in uniform and
other German societies will take part in
the exercises, which will ¦ contain many
literary and musical features. Paul Stein
dorff of the Tivoli and Professor Spadina
will direct the orchestra and the choruses.
A poem of dedication by Theodore Kirch
off will be read, and there will be ad
dresses by Mayor Phelan, Dr. C. H. Rich
ter and'other prominent citizens. Professor
Ewald Fluegsl of Lsland Stanford Univer
sity will deliver an oration .in German.
Charles . Bundschu will" deliver the dedi
catory address, and the monument will be
unveiled by Miss Anna Priber.-i'-:':* .
The monument cost $15,000, which sum
was subscribed by German-American citi
zens. .
Board of directors— Charles Bunds:hu, presi
dent: M. Greenbltitt, first vice president; Pro
fessor A. Putzker, second vice president; F.
C. Siebe, treasurer; M. Kollmann, correspond
ing secretary; Cerar Bertheau, nnancial. secre
tary, M. Bergheim, recording secretary. - •
Executive and unveiling committee— Dr. Max
Klchter, I. Gutte, Joseph Brandenstein, Dr.
F. -C. Castelhun, Henry Epstein. Dr. Max Mag
nus, L.. S. Rose, A. Herbst, It. Scharenberg,,
Charles Drescher, F. W. Dohrmann, Dr. . Gus
tav Gutsch, J. G. B. Broemmel. Robert Ca
pelle, John L. Koster. E. C. Prlber, John H.
Sievers, A. Entzmann, Charles Rehn, C. . Kuss
and C. Trautner. V.< .:•
The unveiling of the Goethe-Schiller
monument will take place at Golden Gate
Park, near the Clau3 Spreckels temple of
music, next Sunday at 2 o'clock p. m
The literary exercises to be held in com
memoration of the event will take place
at Native Sons' Hall on the evening of the
same day at 8 o'clock. The resolution to
erect the monument, which is to be a re
plica of the celebrated Rietschel statue
at Weimar, -was adopted at the celebra
tion of German day during the Midwinter
Fair in 1894. The following named gentle
men have the erection of the monument
in charge:
day Afternoon at Golden
Gate. Park.
Ceremonies to Take Place Next Sun-
WILL UNVEIL MONUMENT
TO GOETHE-SCHILLEK
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.* Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal
August 7, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildlns: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. . Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides, are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In th<? order of occurrence as to time of
day: ths third time column gives the last tide
of the <laj': except when there are but three
tides, as FometlmeB occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) slpn precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
piven by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
ps-npiHE Oceanic Steamship Company's
II Australia got away on ti'me yes
{ terday morning for Tahiti. The
JJL freight was all aboard Tuesday
afternoon and steam was raised
in the main boiler. A full non-union crew
¦was aboard, and the vessel could have
gone to sea Tuesday night. At 9:45 a. m.
yesterday the first signal was given, and
a quarter of an hour later the lines were
being cast off and then in a few minutes
the steamship was under ?/ay.
The mail boat did not take away many
passengers, and in consequence there was
not a big crowd down to see her away.
Among those who went out in the cabin
Trere: Mons. E. Tabanau. wife, son and
daughter; A. Roiand, F. Souls. J. Lamb
Doty, George Arsini and wife, S. Idles,
James May and Mons. Malarde. The Aus
tralia also took away eight steerage pas
sengers and a fair general cargo. The
work of loading the same company's Mar
iposa begins to-day, and she is expected
to sail on time Saturday.
STEAMSHIP FOR LUMBER TRAD2
Building in the East.
Steel Vessel for Tillamook Run Now
Swayne & Hoyt are about to try an in
novation in the coast trade. The opinion
has been general for years that an iron
or steel vessel was not suitable for the
coast lumber business, but there ha's al
ways been a few who contended that a
steel vessel would prove superior to a
wooden one whenever tested. Swayne &
Hoyt have ju:.t entered into a contract
with a Toledo. Ohio, firm that will settle
the dispute. The new boat is to be of
steel throughout, with a cellular bottom.
180 feet long. 38 feet beam. 14 feet deep
and to have water tanks to carry 3nO tons
of ballast. She will draw twelve feet
when loaded with £00,000 feet of lumber,
and will have a guaranteed speed of ten
knots. The new boat is to be ready for
the spring trade and will run between
here and Tillamootc, taking the place of
the steam schooner Tlllamook, that was
wrecked in Alaskan waters some months
ago. A name for the new boat has not
yet been decided upon, but the chances
are that It also will be christened Tilla
mook.
Loading the Enterprise.
The steamship Enterprise, purchased by
Captain William Matron a few days ago.
is now loading at Long Wharf, Oakland,
for Hilo. Her cargo is being rapidly put
aboard and the vessel probably v;ill get
away next Monday. Captain F. C. Miller,
who* brought the enterprise out here* from
New York, will remain in command, and
mans* of the old crew will remain by the
ehip. While the Enterprise was being
moved from the creek to the Long Wharf
she lost an anchor and chain, but both
will be recovered by a tug without any
trouble.
Water Front Notes.
The transport "Warren was scheduled to
arrive from Puget Sound yesterday, but
the chances are that it will be thret;
weeks before she reaches this port. Her
machtnerv requires overhauling, and just
as the vessel was ready to sail for San
Francisco a telegram came saying the of
fer of the Taeama machine shops to do
the work had been accepted. Consequent
ly the transport went to Tacoma Instead
of coming here. It will take about fifteen
days to overhaul her engines.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Aconcagua will sail to-day for
Central and South American ports. She
will not carry passengers, as she has no
American license.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company
Is going to establish a new line between
Panama and Acapulco as a feeder to the
Valparaiso-San Francisco line. The
steamship Toboga is lo be put on the
route this month. Hitherto the company's
boats have only gone as far north as
Ocos.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
The British steamer Queen Adelaide will load
lumber on Puget Sound for Dalny, North
China. Chartered prior to arrival. .
Cargo of the Australia.
The steamer Australia sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general cargo valued at $31,443,
including the following merchandise: j 7 * cs
arms and ammunition, 32 pkga beer, .24 crs
bicycles and sundries, .40 eks bran, 2J8 ctls'bar
ley, 7fil Ite butter, 14 cs boots and shoes, 23,209
n>s- bread, <975 Tbs beans. 220 cs coal oil," 845
Itis cheese, &8 pkgs carriage material, 3S2 cs
canned goods, 450 Tbt* codfish. 25 coils cordage,
UOi pkgs dry goods. 21 cs drugs, 5 cs eggs, 123
Ibr dried fruit, 1040 bbls Hour. 341 pkgs fruit
and vegetable?.. 47 pkgs furniture. 861 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 60 sks grain. 312.es
hardware. 8 bales hay, 2513 ihs lard, 65.292 ft
lumber. 32 pkgs mill work, 10 pkgs machinery,
118 cs paints and < Ms, 116 crs potatoes and
onions. 22 bdls papt r. 24,073 Ids rice. 15 cs
raisins. 14.031 lt>»> sugar. 197 cb 10 pkgs salmon.
S3 bdls eteel, 8S5 Ids soda, 125 bales salt, 121
(s soap. 26 ctls wheat. 34 crs wagon material,
1C20 gals wine. 20 reels barbed wire;
Shipping -Intelligence.
ARRIVED
CLEARED.
- - Wednesday, August 7.-
Stmr ¦ Navarro.' Olsen, • 17- hours from .West
"^Sunr "Wcstport. Ericsson, 20 hours from Usal.
Sclir Julia E Whalen, Gilbert, 11 days fron
Ensenada
Wednesday, August 7.
Stpir Avslralla, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, August 7. '
Etrar Australia. Lawless, Tahiti.-
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell. Point P.eyes.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Roes.
POINT LOBOS, Ave 7. 10 pm— Weather
feesy; winJ W. velocity 10 miles per hour. "
: Sun j Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Milo S. Jeffers was filed
yesterday. A. C. Rulofson. Charles E.
Cornell and John A. Ray. the appraisers,
fix the value of decedent's estate at $64,-
C116S.
Milo S. Jeffers' Estate.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK-Sal'-ed Aug 7— Stmr State cf
Nebraska, for Glasgow: stmr St Paul, for
Southampton: stmr Germanic, for Liverpool;
stmr Vaderland, for Antwerp, via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Georgian,
for New York: stmr Noordland, for Queans
town and Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen, for New York.
Sailed Aus 7 — Stmr Empress of China, for
Vancouver, B 'C, via Shanghai, Nagasaki and
Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aue 7— Stmr Switzer
land, frcm Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Sax
onla. from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Aue 7— Stmr Rhynland, from' Phila
delphia, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Aug 7 — Stmr
Tartar, from Vancouver. B C.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 6-Br bark Cap
Horn, hence April 3.
HONGKONG— In port July 18— Ger stmr Slth
onl. for .
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr China, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived iirlor to Auk 6— Stmr Ven
tura, hence July 11: Br bark Falls of Garry,
from Vancouver.
HAKODATE— Arrived July 17— WhaUne bark
California, from whalins cruise.
NAXAIMO— Arrived Auk 6-Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Auk 5— Stmr San Mateo. for San Fran
ci.sco.
Sailed Auk 7— Stmr Mineola, for Fort Los
Aneelfs.
GUAYMAS-Sailed Aug 7-Schr Peerless, for
Port Townsend.
DOVER— Passed Aug 6— Br ship Inchcape,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aut 6— Br bark Dun
dee, from Chemainus; Br bark Ancona; from
Tacoma.
Sailed Aus: C— Br bark Dundee, from Che
mainus; Br bark Hougomont, for .
CALL AO— Sailed Aug 4— Br ship Nelson, for
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 6— Br stmr Queen'
Adelaide, from Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived Au; 7— Schr Wawona.
from Grays Harbor: schr Jennie Stella, from
Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Aug 7-Schr Leti
tla, from Nome.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aub 7— U S stmr Hugh
McCulloch, for cruise.
EUREKA— Arrived Auer 7— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland.
Sailed Aub 7— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aue &— Stmr Dolphin, for
SUaguaj'.
AiTlved Aus 7— Stmr Victorian, from Port
Townsend.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Aug 7— Stmr Sena
tor, for Nome; Ger bark Birma. for London.
Sailed inward— U S stmr Alert: schr Maggie
C Rufs, from Salinas Cruz; stmr ConeiYiaugh.
ST* MICHAEL— Sailed July 2S-Schr James
Sennett, for Port Townsend.
In port July 28— Br stmr Wyefleld, from Oys
ter Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEKD- Passed in Aug 7— Schr
Maweema, from Santa Rosalia.
- Passed inward Aug 7— Schr Philippine, from
San Pedro. ¦ -
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 7— Bktn Portland, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 7— Schr Philippine, from San
Pedro.
Sailed Auk 7 — Bark Gatherer, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aug 7— Br stmr Duke of Fife.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aue 7— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
The judgments heretofore handed down
sustaining the :. constitutionality , of the
civil, service provisions of the charter
have been augmented by an opinion filed
yesterday 'by Judge Murasky. The court
holds thai the commission is not special
in its nature, hence is not within the con
stitutional provision prohibiting the dele
gation to any "special commission" the
power of performing municipal functions.
The point decided was raised in the ac
tion instituted by Al Lewald, a special
deputy in the office of the Tax Collector,
to compel Treasurer Brooks to audit his
demand on the treasury for compensation
for work performed for a period exceed
ing sixty days — the tenure of his appoint
ment. In a former decision Judge Mu
rasky held that as Lewald was appointed
under the provision of the charter author
izing the appointment of special deputies
"for. a term not exceeding sixty days" he
was only entitled to compensation for six
ty days' work, and even though he held
over, to await the appointment of his suc
cessor it must be held that the labor per
formed for a greater period than sixty
days was performed gratuitously. In his
opinion Judge Murasky says: ¦
In addition to the points raised and disposed
of on the hearing: of the motion for judgment
on the pleadings, the petitioner now argues
that in creating the Civil Service Commission
and prescribing its duties the Legislature vio
lated section 13 of article XI of the constitu
tion, which provides, among other things, that
the Legislature shall not delegate to any "spe
cial commission" the power - to perform any
municipal function. But the Civil Service Com
mission is not a "SDecial" commission. It is
part of the municipal government, and no
more a special body, within the meaning of
the constitutional inhibition, than is the Board
of Public Works, or the Park or Police Com
mi%Mon. The context of section 13 makes it
evident that the purpose of the constitution is
to prevent the performance of any public duty
or function by a "private corporation, com
pany, association or individual," or by any
commission which would not be part of th»
municipal eovernment. The power exercised
by the Civil Service Commission, however, is
power exercised by the municipal government
Itself, through one of its constituent parts, and
not power, delegated to a special body.
Shortly after her arrival at the Royal
House Sprague alleged that Turpin,
through promises of gold and favors, won
away the affections of "Mrs. Sprague."
The "wrong" done him. he said, could
only be atoned for by Turpin at an ex
pense to him of 560.000. After the filing of
the suit Sprague frequently made offers
for a compromise — in fact, Turpin avers,
demand was made upon him prior to the
filing of the suit.
While Turpin was pretending to con
sider the offers for a compromise the life
of the plaintiff and his "wife" was being
Investigated in the East at Turpin's di
rection. Affidavits were procured setting
forth that though it was true that
Sprague had married at the time and
place he stated and by the minister whom
he alleged in his complaint performed the
ceremony, the woman he married was not
the woman whose affections it was al
leged Turrin had alienated-
The affidavits set forth that he had
abandoned his wife, had taken up a sec
ond woman, abandoned her and was liv
ing, with the third woman, who was the
alleged Mrs. Sprague of fickle affections.
Sprague and "wife" became aware that
the investigation in the East had devel
oped the facts contained in the affidavits,
so they sought new fields of operation.
Turpin will forthwith take the case be
fore the Grand Jury and endeavor to se
cure Sprasue's indictment on a charge of
perjury, committed, it is alleged, when hs
verified the complaint which he thought
¦would bring a golden harvest from Tur
pin's coffers. Turpin refused to yield to
their demands, however. He was willing
that the facts in the case should becomo
public property, but Sprague and "wife"
departed v.hon the day of trial drew near.
Some months ago Spragxie filed suit. In
which his "wife" was joined as plaintiff,
against Turpin. He asserted that he mar
ried his "wife" in Maine in 1894 and came
to this city in 1835. where he obtaine'd em
ployment as a eoachmtin. Then he set
forth the details of his "cause for "action."
Ke said that his income was insufficient
to meet the home expenses. His "wife"
¦went out to seek employment and was
filially given a position by Turpin as a
maid in the Royal House.
Ernest E. Sprague and his "wife" have
abandoned the city and their suit against
F. L. Turpin. proprietor of the Royal
House, brought by Sprague to recover
JCO.000 damages for the alleged alienation
of "Mrs. Sprague's" affections. This suit
was dismissed yesterday on motion of H.
C. Firebaugh, plaintiff's attorney, who
stated that his clients had departed from
the jurisdiction of the court.
Investigation Exposes Plot
and Grand Jury Will
Hear Facts.
Al Lewald's Effort to Make
His Appointment Per
manent Fails.
Judge Murasky Holds
Commission Is Not
Special.
Abandons Action Insti
tuted Against P. L.
Turpin.
SPRAGUE QUITS
CITY CITY AND SUIT
CIVIL SERVICE
CONSTITUTIONAL
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • THURSDAY; AUGUST 8, 1901.
She Secures a Full Non-Union, Crew and Is Loaded and Ready
for Sea Tuesday Night — The Mariposa Is Now Being Pre
pared for Honolulu and Will Depart Next Saturday on Time
STEAMSHIP AUSTRALIA GETS AWAY
ON TIME WITH THE FRENCH MAILS
AMERICAN STEAMSHIP ENTERPRISE PURCHASED A FEW DAYS AGO BY CAPTAIN WILLIAM MATSON. AND '
OTHERS FOR THE HILO TRADE. SHE IS NOW. LOADING AT OAKLAND AND WILL; PROBABLY GET
AWAY FOR THE ISLANDS ABOUT MONDAY NEXT. '..:.
5
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
AiifJfnst 8.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
AiijfiiHt O.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
NorthiFork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 irgPMSS
State of Cal.. San Diego' & Way. 9 amiPler It
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 8
Empire Coos -Bay 10 am Pier 13
: ,. . . • ' AUKUHt 1O. ,. ,
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier..'. Seattle ! &-N. What .....:. Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado..... Grays Harbor....... 5 pm Pier. 2
Curacao....... Mexican Ports. 10 am Pier 11
Amer. Maru.. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Marlposa.....' Honolulu ..:... : -2 pm Pier 7
Corona :. San.DlejfO.. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
¦•¦ 1 • : ;. - AoBjimt 11; .:
G. ;W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego. & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' AtiR-uat 12.
Kureka Humboldt ..' ; 9 am Pier 13
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier —
''¦¦:.' - : '(•-".• •'-.AuRnsti.13. • : • * ,.
Anubls .'......'. S. America, Europe .'....'.; Pier —
Bonita ;¦*..;-.... San Pedro &-Way. 9 am Pier 11
-•..-• ••• .. . - . AiiuiikI 14. .. : •
Walla Walla. Puget Sound .Ports 11 am Pier -9
Statfi of Cal.: San . Diego &; Way) 9 amlPler 11'
- Steamer. From. .- Due.
ProgreFO Tacoma Aug. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Belgian King.. China and Japan Aug. 8
Arcata... Coos Bay * Aug. 9
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor Aug. 9
San Mateo Nanaimo Aug. 9
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 10
City of Peking. China and Japan.. Aug. 10
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. 12
Corona Ban Diego & Way Pts Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 16
'Steamer. . Destination. ; -: - Sails.
Queen...... Skaguay:& Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug: H
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha. Valdez .&¦ Way Porta.. Aug. 10
Centenpial . Nome, & .Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City;.. Skaguay &.Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Humboldt.. ..».'¦ Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki...:.. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
City of Topeka SXaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & AVay Ports. | Aug. 18
Destination.
Sun rises 5:13
Sun sets 7:12
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Timel
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IL W H W L AV H W
8 ... C:04 0.4 fi:."8 3.9 11:26 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 S:14 4.1 12:3fi 2.0 6-57 6 0
10... 2:12— 0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
Jl ... 3:04 —0.5 10:06 4.6 2:4? 2.8 8:59 6 I
12... 3:51-0.6 10:M 4.!>| 3:37 2.6 9:51 6.1
13 ... 4:351—0.5 lt:2* 5.1| 4:29 2.3 10:4' 5S
H ...| 5:14|^-0.3| 12:08| 5.2| 5:1S| 2.0| 11:31| 5.6
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
AiifJfnst 8.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
AiijfiiHt O.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier 8
NorthiFork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 irgPMSS
State of Cal.. San Diego' & Way. 9 amiPler It
Mandalay.... Coquille River 4 pm Pier 8
Empire Coos -Bay 10 am Pier 13
: ,. . . • ' AUKUHt 1O. ,. ,
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier..'. Seattle ! &-N. What .....:. Pier 2
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado..... Grays Harbor....... 5 pm Pier. 2
Curacao....... Mexican Ports. 10 am Pier 11
Amer. Maru.. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Marlposa.....' Honolulu ..:... : -2 pm Pier 7
Corona :. San.DlejfO.. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
¦•¦ 1 • : ;. - AoBjimt 11; .:
G. ;W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego. & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' AtiR-uat 12.
Kureka Humboldt ..' ; 9 am Pier 13
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier —
''¦¦:.' - : '(•-".• •'-.AuRnsti.13. • : • * ,.
Anubls .'......'. S. America, Europe .'....'.; Pier —
Bonita ;¦*..;-.... San Pedro &-Way. 9 am Pier 11
-•..-• ••• .. . - . AiiuiikI 14. .. : •
Walla Walla. Puget Sound .Ports 11 am Pier -9
Statfi of Cal.: San . Diego &; Way) 9 amlPler 11'
- Steamer. From. .- Due.
ProgreFO Tacoma Aug. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 8
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 8
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 8
Belgian King.. China and Japan Aug. 8
Arcata... Coos Bay * Aug. 9
Zealandia Honolulu Aug. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Aug. 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor Aug. 9
San Mateo Nanaimo Aug. 9
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 10
City of Peking. China and Japan.. Aug. 10
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 10
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Sonoma Sydney and Way Ports Aug. 12
Corona Ban Diego & Way Pts Aug. 15
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 16
'Steamer. . Destination. ; -: - Sails.
Queen...... Skaguay:& Way Ports Aug. 8
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug: H
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 10
Bertha. Valdez .&¦ Way Porta.. Aug. 10
Centenpial . Nome, & .Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City;.. Skaguay &.Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Humboldt.. ..».'¦ Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki...:.. Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
City of Topeka SXaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & AVay Ports. | Aug. 18
Destination.
Sun rises 5:13
Sun sets 7:12
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Timel
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IL W H W L AV H W
8 ... C:04 0.4 fi:."8 3.9 11:26 2.7 5:54 5.9
9 ... 1:11 0.0 S:14 4.1 12:3fi 2.0 6-57 6 0
10... 2:12— 0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 7:57 6.1
Jl ... 3:04 —0.5 10:06 4.6 2:4? 2.8 8:59 6 I
12... 3:51-0.6 10:M 4.!>| 3:37 2.6 9:51 6.1
13 ... 4:351—0.5 lt:2* 5.1| 4:29 2.3 10:4' 5S
H ...| 5:14|^-0.3| 12:08| 5.2| 5:1S| 2.0| 11:31| 5.6
It pays you ten times as well
to buy Fels-Naptha soap as it
pays your grocer to sell it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
10:25 am
6:20 pm
CALIFORm HOSTHTOTERH RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburcn Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
Son Fran:iK:a Ij San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. .««.-.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:*0.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. *
ban Rai'ael to Sai Franci«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45 $
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i>
and 6:33 p. m. . , x
SUNDAYS. .8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: l:*0. 3:40.
6 :05, 6 : 25 p. m. .
Leave ' I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:Za am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
. Fulton.
"•30 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
J:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 am . : 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm i:tt ym
730 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
•7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Etagres connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnjts: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skagss Springs: at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; nt Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs! Upper- Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. L'erley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. "West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ¦
• Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
-On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket Office, 6iO Market street. Chronicle
Building. . . ;
H. C. WHITING. R. X. ' RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ' Oen. Pass. Agt.
RAILWAY' TRAVEIi.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April JS. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 6:55. S:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. •1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 'fi^S. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on I Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. ''in.
SUNDAYS— 7.00. 8:00. *9:00. *10 :00. 11 :00. 11:30
a. m..- 12:45 •1:30. 2:30. •3:43. 5 :C0. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. • 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . •
Trains marked f*> run to San Qu»ntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO RAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:23, 6:27, 7:47. 8:33, 10:15
a. m.. »12:!5. 1:1S. 2:20. «3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at G:45 and 10:00 p. m. ¦ ¦ :
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45. "11:00 a. m.. "13
m.. 1:00. 2:15.. "3:30, 4:30. »5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked f* Ftart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ WEEK DAYS — 5:45. -6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3)
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45.- 2:45. 3:50.. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondnvs. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13
1-20 2:30: l:45.i R:00. 6:15. 7:15. lOrSO p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. *;
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
'•6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales , and way stations. ',. >
; 6 a. m. Sundaysr-Cazadero and way stations.
< 10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. - ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
" ' ' 6-^ 1051 UAESIT ST - *«*•• 6A*7ti, S.F.Cil. (
Cj^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
CSct4 disease positiva-l.T rarnJ i>j- the oldest '
) ffESSl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. (
fiflf & DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
¦ $ JSHl&m Consultation free and strictly private.
1 S^LU TrMtmt 'nl personally or by letter. A,
fl j T «S H Poritivt Cure in erery case undertaken. .
9/ H Write for Boot. FBILONOPnYor,
1.1 1 ninilMGE, MAILED FREE. ( A '
( , valuable book for mrn ) ,
MX.. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. '
A FULL SET OF TEETH
$5.00.
Comfortable, Natural-looking Plates
that you can chew with; made of best
material by experienced workmen.
Payment by Installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.
133 Powell Street, S. F.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l*n»«> nml »r» «lin> l» itrrive nt
.«*4N ntAN«.:iM«:«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market S treat)
lbat* — From Jult 1«, 1901. — abkit*
7:O(» a Benlda, SuUun. Elmir* and Sacra-
mento <|:S.1f
~>OOa VaciiMe, Wl.tc-a. Euumj ~:.V»p
~i s3u a M artluez. .->»u I'.amoii. V allojo. N»v*.
C»li»ti>c» ami Hani* Kusa «:2.3p
»:0<» a DstU, Woodland. KiiignU Landing,
Muoimlie, (iro?i!in.. 7]S5p
8:OA.t A'lautlc V.x press— Ugilin and Eaat 12:V3r
¦ HtO«A Nile*, L»thr.> r . StocKtoa Zi%,r
»:»»» Niles, Aleuduta. Hant'onl. Viaslia,
Pottcrrtlle 4UJ3»
SsSttA Sh.«u Exprr-u— DaTls, Williams (for
Kartlett Springs). Willows. Ksd
Bluff. Portland. 7i8Sr
>!*¦< Skii Juae, l.i»ermorr. Stockton.
Inne. H.aeraiiieutiN riaeerville.
filxrjKTllle. Cblcn, Ite.l Hlult 4:23r
*i?Oa OakcUle, Chinese (Yosemice). 80-
nora. Carters 4:<3p
»:»•» n.jw«r,l, Nil-* aud Way SuUous.. » 1 .»r»
MOi VaUelo I:ti33r
HiOoa Lcm Angeles Expre«*— Mai Mil we.
Tr»cj, liatlirop. .Siiioktoi), Mcrcril
Fremio ami Los Acce'es 7:25?
»«a»A V»ll,.jn. MarlliiBi •¦¦<( \V»7 Staliom ?i.t.%r
IUiIMIa Tha OtotLimI J.lmlted— Ogdeo. Den-
\ rer, Omiha.. Cliicagi ••<13p
flt«M»r Hacraiueutii lU»er Hn>»ii.ers 13iAw\
. 8>3»r Hajward, NM» s aud Wai Htatfons.. 7>33p
4iOOr ll«uic!». Winters, Baorauiento,
Woo.llitM.l. KniuliU landing,
M»r7S<tlle, OiutMIs 1«:S3a
4>*«p Martinez. Han lUmon. Vallejo.
N»!>a. I.'HlUtiitia. Santa Itoaa ».».T v
4:OOr Niles, Iifermore, StccHton. Lodl... 12iU3r
4s!l<ip Hayward. Miles, han .lose, LH«rmora tSiSA*
«:3<lp Fort Cos a. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1 » j23a
SsUOpTbo Owl Umited— rreauu. Tulaxs.
liakersfleld. Mangna for Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles..... 9tS3%
BiOOp Martina. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno l»:S3p
S:O»p Yosemlta 1S:S3#
. 8t3Wp New Orleans Exprwa— Meodota,
Fresno, Bakentte.d. Los Aneeles.
IVmlng. El Fsso, New Orleans -'.{
And K»i 71.134
6t«4»p Hayward. Niles and San Jose 7:33*
1«iO«r Vallejii 1 1)334
Oiuur Oriental Mall— Ogileu. Cbejenna.
Oiualia, Chicaffii IStSSp
•tOOp Orleutal Mall— Ogdeo, DenTer.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4iS3y
7lOOc Oregon aud California KiproM.Nno-
miHOiit... Marysvllls. Kb-LUhk,
l'ortlaml. I'nget Hoin.d ami Kaal SsS-iA
•••ApSad Pablo, P.irt Costa. Mirtines
and Wi» 8latloua II <25a
t»:O3p Vallej.. 7?3Ap
COAST LINE (JUrro* Unm&J.
(Foot of Mnrket Strenl.)
' )7i43a SaoU Crux Excursion to (ianU Cru
and Principal Waj Stations X«iO.1»
StlltA Newark.O11tftrtUle.8an Jose, Ft-lton.
Boulder Crrek.SautaOruxand Way -
UtatloKS »•»•»•
t9il Up Newark Canter* llle, San Jose. Nhw
AliiiailHii. V niton, llntildar t'roek.
Santa Kmn ami l*rinclpal Way
Statlona IdiliU
«tll>p Newark. Han Joae. I.os Gatos *•:*'»*
««il3p Glenwood.BonlderCTeek. aArtoCrni «*i3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm SAI mSCISCO— roov of Muiet Suset (Sb, 8v—
17:16 0:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:33 5:l3r.x.
rrimOiUlsa— rm •! Briidw»»._tii : no {a.00 tS:09
10:00 t.n. 12X3 2:03 t:03r.M.
COAST IiINK (Itroa.f fiance).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
«:H»a San Jose and Way .Stations. «i3»a
17:««A Han .lone aud Way Stuti.nis l.:t»r
/7t«i»A New Aliuadeti / 4tl«»
17 jut) a Saodiy Excursion for Ban Jtte.
t*>nU Crux. Psdfio Gio*e and
Principal Way Station* tSi3«r
litOA Htu J-«o. HollinUtr. Manta Crus.
raelile «)r»Ti>, naUnas. Ban l.ul*
Obispo, Santa, Barbara ai»l Piiu-
dual intermediate .Stations ?<3*>y
IOiSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations.. CiUUp
IIiUHa Hail Jose ami Way HUtlmm ftiUOP
' tSftftr San Mar.RO, llmlwoori. V'-nlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. 8»n .lime.
Ho'.'ister, 8anta Crux. Haliuaa.
Monterey and 1'ncille iJruTe 110: I5a
•tS*p Han Jour, Tres Plnos. SanU Craz.
Pacific Grove and Way htathma 4>l»p
f4tinp SanJoseaml frincipal Way .Stations »»-S»A
ISiOep San Jose, Los Gatos and 1'rincipal
Way Station* 1»:f»0v
SiSOr 5laii.lose and Prlnoipal Way Stations S:30a
6tOwp Redwood. Han Jo»«, Gi1n<y. Ra!ln*j,
Saute Caxbara, L0-1 Acgclea 10i«5%
•iROpSanJuseand Way ncati<»>a ,»¦•«•»*
qll»43p San -luawand Way Htatiwm 7iS»f
A for Mornitig. P for Afternoon.
t Hnnday excepted. I Vnnd»» only.
• Saturday only. I Morn'.iy.
« Saturday ml Sunday. / Taefdays and Frldsit
KENTUCKY CO.
FORT ERIB, CAiNADA.
AUGUST 7_- - - 190!.
46543 $15,000 00
71333 4,000 00
79814 2,000 00
770 1,000 00
¦58689..' 500 00
67437 500 00
33526 200 00
47386 200 00
62475 200 00
86436 200 00
89960 200 00
Following 66O.00 Bach.
12971 4327 54787
3812 536 24890
79 45481 36135
80084 816 11
60 58223 84439
865 83234 57468
7597 34598 38499
89642
AUCTION
Of the Crook's Properties.
SASFf
\*^S XBL fl A H A 0
BY ORDER OF COURT.
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12 1901
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
} r 'II ilOXTGOMERY 6T.
No. 813 Washington Street.
Southwest corner VVashinrton and Waverly
place, between Dunont and Stockton tsts.; Im-
provements consist of three-£tory brick build-
ing*; rents 1166 iwr month.
ITos. 710 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Dupont and Stockton
Fts : improvement* consist of four-story sub-
stantial brlrk bulldinc; rents $250 per month;
lot £4:4x127:6. v
POTBEKO.
The following three pieces are In the vicinity
cf j>rnr«:rjl<*s recently purchased by the Santa
Fe Railroad Company:
Soutl.oart corner 13th and WUeonBln sts.;
lot lKxlll. Irrrralar.
P0T3EE0.
Nortliwest corner 13th and Wisconsin sts.;
lot C7xl£5. lrrerular.
POTREEO.
Northwest *>ornfr ISth and Wisconsin stb. :
lot LClxl."2. lrr»>~ular.
TOWNSEKD STREET,
IVtweeri Third and Fourth sts., northwest line
ojrptsite the Southern Pacific Hailroad depot!
, This choice holding suitable for manufactur-
ing ar>l warehouse purposes; lot 6px2?5. lr-
rscnla'-: 2 frontages".
For further r«rti<-ulnrF apply to referee*.
J- T. HARMES. C6 tlarket st.
G. H.-U8IBSEJC. 14 Mor-tKomery »L
P. J. SULLIVAN. Parrott bids.
GREAT; NORTHERN RAILWAY.
What a luxury Pears'
soap is! * ;
T ' ' ¦ ¦¦ 1 •¦""¦¦ ¦- "' t
: It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world 1
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores'
sell it, especially druggists.
. EASTERN.POINTS.
B. S. BLAIR.-: Oen. ~Agt.". 633 Market st.
' COOL AND DUSTLESS. 7
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining . Car. Meals a la Cartt. -
Library Observation Carl
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
Catarrh is Inflammation of the mucous
membrane. It may be in the mucous
membrane lining the eyes or the pelvic
Professor Talfourd Smith, Principal Si-
loam High School, Siloam, Ga., writes: \
"With much pleasure 1 recommend Pe-
runa to all who may be suffering with
any trouble of the respiratory organs. I
have been using it in my family for the
past five or six years and find It to be
almost a household necessity. Peruna is
tru y a grand cztarrh remedy, and general
tonic and will do all that is claimed for it
by the manufacturers."— Prof, lalfourd
Smith.
organs, throat, stomach, liver, bowels or
kidneys.
Catarrh Is catarrh wherever located.
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
Pentna is an internal remedy, not a local
application.
Catarrh is a systemic disease, r.ot' a
local disease. If Peruna will cure ca-
tarrh in one place it will cure it in any
other place, because Peruna is a systemic
remedy. It reaches the disease through
the circulation in each organ. It eradi-
cates the disease* by eradicating it from
the system. • . • ¦
Peruna eradicates catarrh from the sys-
tem in the same way that the practical
farmer eradicates weeds from his fields.
The sensible farmer does not think of cut-
ting- off the top of the weeds to kill them.
He pulls them up by the roots.
Dr. Hartman, the originator of Peruna,
has used this remedy for the last forty
years v/ith great success as a specific for
catarrh.
A free book, written by him will be sent
to any address. It contains the results of
his forty years' experience with Peruna
and will be found of great interest to
those afflicted with catarrh of any organ
of the body.
Mr. F. E. Brackett, Medford, Mass.,
writes:
"I have a bottle of Peruna and Mana-
lin in use in my house two-thirds cf tha
time. If I take it when feellrs a little in-
disposed it braces me rigrht up. and keeps
me" in such fine condition that I dorr't
catch cold, and that is life and happiness
to one of my business. I am a teamster
and when the membrane of my nose is
swollen at night after driving in our Cast
winds and foers. I take a dose of Peruna
on .fc'oing to bed at night and get up all
ris-ht in the mornlntr. Tt also makes the
blood circulate, and is sure death to rheu-
matism."— Mr. F. FJ. Brackett.
If you do not derive prompt and sat's-
factory results from the use cf Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving 1 n
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
•Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tho
Virtnan Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
[SAYS PROF. TALFOURD SMITH, OF GEORGIA.]
"PERUNA A HOUSEHOLD NECESSITY."
Santa Fe Trains
"' I^fave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ ~ I Ix>cal I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I ¦ *. -| Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a llMr. a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Mercpd... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1 :1!> a 9:11 p
"¦Fresno..".. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
'¦'».". Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla... 8:40 p 4 MS a
" BkrsflMd.l 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:Sf) a
¦ •• Kan Cltyl.. 2:40a 7:30a ........
" Chicago.. |.. ...... I 2:15 p 9:00 p ....
a for morning. D for afternoon.
•9:00 n. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
rarryinp Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnln*
Cars I through to Chicago. - Ctialr Car run.^
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
nrst-ilaw passengpra. No- second-class
tickets honored on thin train. Correspond-
lnR train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. .
• 4:20 p.' m. Is Stockton and Fr^rno local.
Corresponding train- arrives at 12:30 p. m.
flally.:. ¦¦• ¦ ¦. ¦¦¦'-¦ ¦ - ¦ '.-, ¦ .-'
"8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
throuprh . Palace and ' Tourist Sleepers ¦ and
Free Becllnlnsr Chatr Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
flally. , ¦ »i ¦ . •
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfleld I^ocal. stopping at
all points . In ¦ San Joaquln . Valley. Corre-
'tporifllng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. -
. Of flcec— 641 ' Market : Ftreet and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ • * ¦' • ¦¦¦¦¦¦ . - --¦ :
The Weekly Gall.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
TF*TiWr;*-i .. m >Wiiiili ¦inin 1 1 n 1 mn 1 MI1MI1
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
:',-¦ TU SmmUm reny— Foot «f Marktt 81. '
v&t m I --wskk" days..;.. nS?:S:
8WA.M.) . f 12:15 P.M.
9.-0OA. U. 1:15 F. M.
10*0 A.. M. I BnNDAYS I 8:3 ° r> **•
1130 A. M. f •DBDATi....... < 4J0 P. IC
ISOf.'m. ¦ ¦;'..'¦ • 6-Mr.u.
2:86 p. m. J ' , I 7:10 r. ic
- Fire. Sui Fr»nd»» t» Sntomlt iadScrnrn.fi. t*
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SatmalUo yerry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSY ST. Established
in 1934 for the treatment nf PrlvMtR
I)l^f:ises, l^i«t Mani.ixKl. Debility 0.-
rtis^as*' n-earlneon body and mln«> and
Sktn Diseases. Tlie Doctorct"— swh*n
others f»». Try htm. rhitrgrs low.
('iireKsnaninlffil. Cullorwrit*
l>r. J. F. illSBOA. «an Francisco. Cul.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROF. TALFOURD S
KAHWAY TxlAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/i \ The first thing to do "when
y° u avc ma de up your mind to
l&p mta\ east ls t0 as^ £^ e ncarest
JBP w\a\- Southern Pacific ticket-agent for \
I f| a folder descriptive of the
7k UVCIICflllU
I Excursions
f^^SSmW^m^/' It contains just the informa-
tion you need — time-tables; a
&& .^UM^^EF I ma p. illustrations of Burlington
I ' / tourist sleeping cars, and a de-
i / scription of the scenery en route.
/
1 / . . From Los Angeles Monday* and
I / ijb^l^qebJ] Wednesdays; San Francisco Tucv
18 y liiflGlllIuilllB days and Thursdays — Omaha, Chi-
jH _^*r IftrTattSSI C2^° Kansas City, St. Lcuis —
jgftatfjB le&M^S&T SwI'HS^S EVERYWHERE e'ast.
jfljgj^^yBaiife*^ / SpSfryM^WiJ -\y_ pj Sanborn. Gm'l XzX.,
mmtw'^" I I 1 631 Market street, Saa Francisco. 6
DR.MEYERS&CQ. jlpii^.
Specialist. Disease jBfSgg^ ik
and weakness of Ss!^5 p
m e n. Established MQBf _ __ , yagi
15S1. Consultation j(y| *TI&$ 'vP]
and private book \ I
free, at office or by '^I^^nJ
arteed. 7iJl Mar- lvJ?^^^K^»
ket street (eleva- AC*i$fi&W
tor entrance), San /sS^/^^^M^i
Francisco. ¦" -.- ""^ Sv^^r — *" : f'* slTHURSDAY. .......: .AUGVST 8, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Ccicmnnicxtions ' U W. 8. LEAKE, Manager. _
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Premi 204
»'CBL.ICATIO.Y OFFICE. . .Marltct and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prem SOI.
EDITORIAL nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Freds 202.
Delivered »»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week. .
- Single Copies. S Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Including Pontafcet
EAIT..T CALL, rtnchiatnr Eraafiay). one year W00
OATL.T CALX, flneludlne Sunday), f montha - *-0°
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). S months.... 1.60
r»ATT/T CAU^-By Single Month.... «5e
etnCDAY CAUU. One Tear. *- M
XVEEKXT CALU One Tear *- w
All poitmuteTi nre antaiorlzed to receive -
subscription",
(unite cedes ¦will bu forwarded when requested-
Kail autwcirbwg In erderla* ehan** of «dflr»!«« should be
particular to slve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Inrure a prompt and correct compliance, with their requeit.
OAKLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. CEOIIGE KROGJTESS.
Ktxigtr Foreign Advertising, M»rqnett« Bunding. Chicago.
(Lcre Distance Telephone "Central 26U.")
new tore correspondent;
C C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE?
STEPHEN n. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnff
HEW TORE SBWS STAXDSt
Wal&orf-Aftorta Hotel; A. Brentano,. SI Union Square;
Wcrray Hill Hotel.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
£ies;rt's Genuine Imported Anaroatnra Bitten.*
UtWH 'IffWfHilliWH'll t'llll MWWmiWHWI Imi
Kansas boasts of having in her penitentiary seven
women sen-ing time for murder, so it seems there are
Emits on women's activities in that State after all.
Some Eastern physicians are. warning; fat men not
to try golf as a means of reducing corpulency. They
do not say. so. but their words imply that it would be
safer,, to consult a doctor. • ' '.' ¦'.". ,V
It is a touching farewell when a man
gives you the tip of his fingers Instead of
a vigorous handshake. .
Special Information ' supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
! The son of a Cleveland millionaire is working in a
factory for $1 75 a day simply because he -likes 'the
job. The adage* everybody to his taste may o'eca
sionally mean that some people are crazy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1« at Townsend's.'
In his latest manifesto Bryan says: -"I am a can
didate for no office, but I would not. enter into a bond
never to become a candidate."- It will be seen that
the gentleman is not closing any gates against him
self and will doubtless be iii the ring when the next
Presidential election comes round.
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
A Dublin man died a few days ago after remaining
m bed forty-six years just because he wanted to keep
a vow, arid rest. He probably* felt that death would
carry him on a long journey and', he wanted to rest
up for the start.
Dr. E. O. Jellinek has returned from hia
European tour.
H. H. Forney, the Sacramento attorney,
is at the Grand.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore is stay-
Ing at the Palace: ¦ ..'. ,
Charles Bishop, .'a traveler from .Tokio,
Is at the Occidental. -¦'¦.- 3/. '¦^'¦'
H. Morgan Hill is registered at the Cali
fornia from Del . Monte. '
' Raymond Benjamin, a merchant of
Napa, is at the California. '
.George E. Eels, an oir magnate of Han
ford, Is a guest at the Grand. •}•¦};; ¦-[
Fred Dodd. a hotel-man of ; Fresno, Is
at the Lick; accompanied by his wife.
J. E. Woodbury, a mining "man of'Car
son, Nev., is registered at £he Palace.
A.. Eastern, a rancher of Modesto, is
among the recent arrivals at, the Grand.
A. C. Bilicke. manager of the Hollen-
"Do those north pole explorers ever ac
complish anything?"
"Oh, yes: they often come back and
start out again."— Detroit Free Press.
Tenderfoot— Er— what does the Judge in
tend to do with that shotgun?
Alkali Ike— Aw, he'll use that when ho
gives a charge t* th' jury.— Montreal Star.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Probate Judge James V. Coffey and hla
nephew, Jeremiah V. Coffey. who have
•been making ah extended tour of Ireland,
returned Ia3t evening.
Elmer DePue has returned from ths
Bohemian Club jinks and is visiting his
mother. He will shortly return to hl3
home in Chicago.
James Phillips Jr., a well-known society
and club, man of Boston, Mass., is among
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. Hertzstein has returned home- after
an extended pleasure trip through the
East and Europe. .;'-.*•¦:.
Washington Porter, accompanied by hto
family, has left for a tour of the southern
part of the State.
.Morse Wollf, a millionaire merchant of
New York, is. registered for a short stay
at the Grand.
E: H. Benchley, a' wealthy fruit grower
of Fullerton, Is a guest at the California.
beck Hotel in Los Angeles, is a guest at
the Palace.
• Of-all the hot weather stories- that have come from
the sweltering East the best*i s one to the effect that
the recent $80,000 fire in Sioux City was caused by the
rays of the sun passing through a plate-glass window
and igniting the goods displayed there.
In his letter. Mr. Reed says:. "I had great respect
for Mr. Wilson, because he had convictions and was
true to them. There^was something very pathetic in
his last struggle, death-struck as he was, with that
greatest of all human forces, popular feeling gone
wrong. That that feeling is doomed to revulsion does
not lessen its power. Human life is too short for the
vindication oHhe wise man while yet alive. Many
suns. may set and many dark nierhts cover the earth
cere and interesting.
AMONG the appreciations which have been re
cently published concerning the late William
L. .Wilson is one in the publications of the
Southern History Association, to which is appended a
letter from Thomas B. Reed. During the, time Wil
son was the leader of the free traders in Congress he
had no opponent more forceful or more sarcastic
than the Republican, leader from Maine. They, were
not foes, however, but friends, and on many issues
held similar opinions. Consequently Mr. Reed's trib
ute to his former political opponent* is at once sin-
FACING THE CONSEQUENCES.'
Another raid has been made by the New York
courts upon the Gould estate to pay some of the debts
of the erratic Count de Castellane. If the Count lives
long enough he may distribute the vast property of
the dead American millionaire through himself.
" The British War Office has lost another great bat
tle, an incident remarkable only in the character of
the contest. The War Office attempted to gag some
of the English papers and has now the humiliation
of knowing that nsither with the pen nor with the
sword is it victorious.
¦>' . Editor San Francisco Call: So Governor Gage is coming
to San Francisco or has already arrived to settle the labor
strike! For years he has ridden the railroad wheel.' Now he
proposes to take a short trip, if he can only/steady himself, on
the labor ¦ wheel. Of course this has nothing to do with the
primary election of next Tuesday!
' Yes! Gage is coming, or, in the terse language of the
announcement of Mose Gunst's arrival at New York, "has
came.". It is a wonder the gold In the pockets of local capital
ists or the brass in the 'faces of Kelly and Rainey doesn't melt
through the mere friction of his presence or intended presence.
, If ho "has came" at an opportune moment to wear Jimmy
Phelan's shoes and march the community to settlement nnd
peace it Is : the first time he has been " found where he was
wanted. During his administration he has been everywhere
except at his office. There the chief evidence of his official
existence has been letters from his secretaries informing
anxious correspondents that the Governor . was temporarily
absent, but that, on his return, his attention would be called
to matters of public business. Much of the time he has been
apparently sunk in luxurious apathy midst the soft and
languorous airs of the South. He has been heard from, how
ever, once in awhile, in the neighborhood of some mountainous
stream, where industrious anglers caught fish for his benefit.
He also popped into momentary view when the bubonic scare
was under headway. But on the average his appearances have
been usually noted when Burns or Kelly or some other political
boss pulled the string that, sets him in motion and. then, his
acrobatic feats have left the circus clowns out of sight.
The last place to look for Governor Gage is the State Capitol
at Sacramento, as a host of disgruntled citizens who labor
under the delusion that the chief executive of a State should
attend to business can gloomily attest. It is really gratifying
to know that the State Bird paused or Is about to pause in his
summer flight and is now temporarily perched or about to be
perched in San Francisco with his right claw on capital, his
left claw on labor and his hungry beak projected toward the
roxt municipal convention. From now . until next Tuesday
Scavenger Kelly and his aids will no .doubt work night and
day to prepare his nest.
I started the Governor on wheels and leave him on a perch.
Perhaps the wheels are now in his head.
San Francisco, August 6. R V S V P
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Comes to Town for the Purpose, but He Will Not Be So Deeply Engrossed
as to Neglect Boss Kelly and the "Push."
It must not be supposed that the professor is a pes
simist or an alarmist, or even a prophet of woe. . He
was careful to say that the extinction of the race will
not take place within any measurable time. Ages,
he says, must elapse before conditions become such
tha^ no animal life can survive on this sphere. That
much was said evidently by way of comfort, .but -the
professor concluded by saying: "The time is com
ing." That is what Chicago -got by asking outside
opinion about her weather. She would have done bet
ter to have consulted the oldest inhabitant.
The professor is quoted as saying: "The earth, of
course, is becoming old, and must, in the nature, of
things, reach the stage of decrepitude. ; The other ma
jor bodies in our solar system— Jupiter, Saturn,
Uranus and Neptune, the outer planets, and Mercury,
Venus and Mars, the inner planets — may have more
vitality remaining than we, and manage to keep within
their orbits, but we have no exact means of knowing
whether they do or not." . • .
According to the. reports that come to us the pjo
fessor stated that the earth has slipped its trolley, so
to speak. It no longer holds to the old orbit. It
wobbles, and its course around the sun is becoming
more and more erratic, so that every summer • it
approaches nearer the central orb than at the same
period of the previous year, and in the winter it gets
farther away. We are thus going'to have colder win
ters and hotter summers right along, until eventually
through a process of alternately baking and freezing
humanity will be eradicated from the planet and the
earth will have a rest. , •
PROFESSOR LUDWIG MARIENBURGER,
Pli. D., a graduate of the University of Berlin,
has been visiting Chicago. He wondered at
the tall buildings that rise about as high as he can see,
but when the thermometer went higher still he did
not wonder. In fact, he took the heat so coolly as
to excite attention. Knowing. him to be a wise and
learned man, the Chicago people concluded he had
some reason for his serenity under the 'scorching of
the hot wave, and a reporter sought him out in the
hope of. learning something that would please the
public. He was asked to give an explanation of the
weather, and he did so with great urbanity and scien
tific lore. ¦
THE COMING OF THE END.
GAGE SUCCEEDS PHELAN AS THE WOULD-BE"
SETTLER OF THE LOCAL LABOR TROUBLES
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE," at the
Columbia Theater, has so far
proven one of the most all-round
.successful engagements of this
or many seasons.- The play itself
is highly worthy, artistic in a high degree
and with strong Interests, both of tragic
and comic kind. The Empire Theater Com
pany, headed by Miss Margaret Anglin
.and Charles Rlchman, is a thoroughly
well-balanced organization and gives a
completely satisfactory interpretation of
the play. Miss-Anglin has added another
great success to her notable record in the
title role, showing a degree of emotional
power therein quite unsuspected, even by
her most ardent admirers. Mr. Richman
also is an eminently satisfactory figure,
delightfully voiced, one of the handsomest
leading men of the day and versed in all
the requirements of his art. Miss Hor
nlck, one of our own people, has delight
ed her many friends here by her good
work as Lady Eastney, and Margaret
Dale meets with the same favor as on her
previous appearance here with Mr. Mil
ler's company. The play will run for this
and next week and is' meeting with tho
heartiest appreciation. "Lady Hunt
worth's Experiment," with Miss Hilda
Spong as Lady Huntworth, will follow.
t • • •
The Tivoli's bills for this week are "II
Trovatore" and "Lucia," with admirable
performances of both the Verdi and Doni
zetti operas. Collamarina as Azucena
makes one of the best gypsies ever heard
here and adds to her laurels in lavish
fashion. Salas3a, also in the "Trovatore"
cast, is heard to much advantage, and
Russo and Repetto as Edgardo and Lucia
do some of their best work. Russo in par
ticular is -singing admirably this season,
and the "Lucia" is certainly one of the
best things of the season so far. Next
week the new yrima donna soprano Linda
Montanari, and Agostlni, the new lyric
tenor, will be' heard in two. favorite op
eras, "La Favorita" — not given here be
fore for ten years— and "Otello," with Sa
lassa in his best part of Iago. Slgnorina
Montanari will sing the part of Desde
mona In "Otella." and Slgnor Agostini
that of Ferdinand in "La Favorita."
• • ?
The NelU company Is giving this week
quite the best performance of its sea
son "at the California Theater in Pinero's
happy farce romance "The Amazons."
Miss Chapman, Miss Dean and Miss
Brownell are delightful hoydens and give
a refined and thoroughly amusing picture
of the girls who would be boys. Mr. Neill,
Mr. Bloomque3t and- Mr. Bowles play the
three lovers with much spirit, and the
whole performance is well worth even a
second hearing.
• • •
The Grand Opera-house has a new play,
'Toll Gate Inn," that has found a- limited
favor with the audiences. Theodore Rob
erts is seen as a noble red man, and his
clever, strong, convincing portrait makes
the "Toll Gate Inn" worth seeing If for
no other reason. Mary Van Buren is well
cast as Hester Pennington and Frank
Mathieu has also found much favor as
her brother, Ned Pennington. "The
Liars" will follow, with Mr. Frawley as
Sir Christopher Deering and E. J. Morgan
in the part he played so well with Henry
Miller last year, Edward Falkner.
"Camille" is drawing the usual cfowd3
at the Alcazar Theater and will be fol
lowed next week by Miss Charlotte
Thompson's new play, "Silver-Mounted
Harness." This play is but just now com
pleted and will be seen for the first time
on any stage at the Alcazar Theater.
Miss Thompson Is here superintending the
production, which will be unusually elab
"Monte Cristo," at the Central Theater,
is attracting the large crowds always In
terested in. the fascinating adventures of
the modern. Croesus." James Brophy,
whose last week it is at the Central, does
his usual clever work as Edmond Dantes,
and is well supported by the rest of the
company. Next week "The Great Dia
mond Robbery" will be put on.
This week's programme at the Orpheum
abounds in good things and the house 13
packed at every performance. The unl
cycle and bicycle act of Hill and SUviany
is the most sensational ever seen in this
city and the three sketches presented by
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcy, Sisson, Wal
lace and their company, and Hugh Stan
ton and Florence Modena, are all gems.
The Standard Quartet of colored singers
are pleasing vocalists, the Esmonds pre
sent a high class musical act and Alex
andra Dagmar. "the most sunning wo
man In vaudeville," and the Molasao-Sal
vaggl troupe of French dancers are great
favorites.
* *. *
At Fischer's Concert-house there Is a
good list of entertainers this week, includ
ing Irene Franklin, cornet soloist: Claire
Canfield. lullaby singer; Seymour and Hill. »
acrobatic comedians; little Jennie Metz
ler, juvenile performer; Maud Still, sing
ing and dancing soubrette; Ouhama. a
Japanese juggler; Nellie Bruce, contortion
dancer; Billy Flemen, comedian, and Se
vor and Hathaway, up-to-date fun mak
ers. "*¦;.- {¦¦
• * •
Some clever vaudeville people are on
this week's programme at the Olympia.
To-morrow night the regular amateur
performance •will be given.
There remains Babcock's proposition. Mr. Bab
cock is himself a Republican, and therefore his fol
lowing is more formidable than it would otherwise
be. His demand for revision has something of the at
tractiveness of demagoguery about it because it is cal
culated to -appeal to those who are opposed to pro
tecting those industries which are largely under; the
control of trusts. It is of course well known that if any
tariff revision on an extensive scale should be under
taken the whole country would be once more har
assed by doubts as tc what industries would be af
fected and to what extent. The inevitable conse
quence would be a disturbance of business and an in
dustrial depression. To prevent that there should be
a resolute opposition tc Babcock's scheme. The one
phase of advice which American industries have to
give to Congress this winter will be, "Don't monkey
The plan of getting rid of protection by means of
reciprocity treaties is much more subtle than that of
making an open fight against it, and to that extent
is more formidable. Fortunately, the treaties now
before the Senate have been held up so long the peo
ple have had time to fairly understand them, and there
is good reason. to believe the Senate will refuse to
confirm them. Moreover, there have been repeated
declarations from industrial, commercial and agricul
tural bodies condemning not only these treaties but
the principle upon which they are founded, so that it
is not likely that much injury will be done to the pro
tective system in that way.
Of the three classes of assailants it is probable the
Babcock following is the most dangerous. The
avowed out-and-out free traders, notwithstanding their
revived vigor, are too utterly discredited to consti
tute much of a danger. Their league is said to be
increasing in numbers and their circulars are being
distributed far and wide; but the breaking down of
free trade even in Great Britain itself is too plain a
fact for them to overcome. The American people
will not vote for free trade if they know it, and con
sequently so long as the agitation is conducted under
that name it will not seriously disturb the country.
The new assault comes from three sources. First,
from the unteachable free traders, who have roused
themselves to fight the old battle over again in the
interests of the importers and others who make a
profit out of the importation of foreign goods, no
matter at what sacrifice to American industry. Sec
ond, from the supporters of the so-called reciprocity
treaties now before the Senate and which in their
nature are essentially different from the principle of
reciprocity as defined in the platforms of the Repub
lican party. Third, from the followers of Congress
man Babcock of Wisconsin, who are clamoring for
tariff revision this winter for the avowed purpose of
lowering in many instances the protective duties.
WHEN the people of the United States, under
the stress of the industrial depression caused
by the Democratic tariff, learned the value
of protection to American industries it was frequently
said there would not be a tariff agitation in this coun
try again during the life of this generation. The as
sertion seemed reasonable. With the enactment of
the Dingley tariff prosperity returned to the country
so promptly and in such abundant measure that hardly
any man could fail to note the significance of the
fact. Nevertheless, the protective principle is once
more assailed, and the assailants are sufficiently strong
to force the subject anew upon the minds of the
people.
FURTHER TARIFF AGITATION.
LEADING LADY AND THE LEADING MAN OF THE EMPIRE THEATER
COMPANY, NOW PRESENTING IN THIS CITY* HENRY ARTHUR
JONES' PLAY, "MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE."
If the daring robbers who operated with such
signal success at Vallejo Junction have done nothing
else they have given to the trade of the seller of gold
bricks in this State a tremendous boom. Anybody
who wants to sell a gold brick should have now an
excellent chance to find a purchaser.
Some one who knows the subject and is willing to
give to it his time and talents could probably con
vince the lawmakers that California is sacrificing her
climate, the fertility of her soil, the happiness of her
people and the opportunities of all the future by per
mitting the wanton destruction of her forests. Travel
ers who are crossing the Sierras by rail this month
look out upon the blue garment of smoke that covers
the entire range. It gives a charming tone to the
distance and blends the foreground scenery more
softly than the artist's brush can imitate. Many who
see it say, "How charming! What a beautiful blue
haze!" But the man who knows the mountains knows
the great cost at which that charming effect is secured.
He sees in the distance the relentless fire sweeping
down bosky canyons, putting to martyrdom hundreds
of thousands of fine trees, sparing none, and in its
great heat shriveling the green herbage and copse,
laying bare the little streams and licking up their
waters. He sees the fawn caught in the fiery furnace
and nesting birds killed while they brood their young,
and everything from the cooing dove to the crooked
snake wiped out of existence, to make the ineffable
lacework of this lovely, haze. • He sees the splitting
rocks and baked earth, and the germs of future forests
roasted and destroyed. He sees the sun blazing down
on white ashes where lately rested the grateful shade,
and jn farther perspective he sees the perished rill
and stream and river and the blear desert encroaching
v)here vineyards purpled, and the grain billowed in
the wind. • He sees '. destruction and drought, all \ to
make the fairy scene of a month. It is wasteful, piti
ful and wrong. That itfgoe's ,'o'n unchecked is but a
poor compliment to t ;the wisdom of our people. X.
WHILE men are quarreling and contending
about the distribution of the developed re
sources of the earth elements within man's
control and man himself are joined in stripping the
earth of its fertility. While the Sempervirens Club is
camping in th£ redwoods of the Big Basin and con-,
certing measures to put a few hundred acres of tim-.
ber into public ownership, the fires in the vast forests
of the Sierra Nevada are destroying thousands of
acres of timber that is far more important to Califor
nia than that of the Big Basin.
So much other exciting matter has occupied pub
lic attention during the summer that it is not generally
understood that the forest fires in this State have been
more numerous, general and destructive than ever be
fore. It is an anomaly that as the economic uses of
timber increase and their demands grow larger, and
the commercial attack upon the forests is every year
greater, their destruction by fire outruns their use by
man. k
The forests of the Rocky Mountains have suffered
this year more than ever, and the arid West, that needs
forest protection for its water sources, is going far
ther from fertility every day.
The pulp mills are increasing and the consumption
of timber suitable for paper is making great strides.
The demand for railroad ties advances. No substitute
for timber has been found for ties. Stone and steel
have both been tried, and failed. The tie must have
some elasticity, and no bolt or. screw fastening the
steel riyl to a metal tic has been found equal to the
spike held by /wood fiber? r "
Railway statistics show the following. consumption
of ties: • . - ' , . '
Ties, in use ..I.............. 780,000,000
Annual renewals ..., 112,000,000
Annual cost of ties „: JCO,000,000
Required for next twenty years ......... 3,000,000,000
Let 'any log sealer sit down and estimate the acre
age required for that supply of ties alone and then
reflect that instead of increasing to keep pace with the
demand our forest area is shrinking and shriveling in
the fire.
What seems, to be needed is some man in the Leg
islature who will make a specialty of forest legisla
tion.
STRIPPING THE EARTH.
It looks as if Maclay, the so-called historian, would
have to leave the United States service, where he has
been rated as a laborer without having to. do any
labor, but he might get a job as another fool profes
sor at the University of Chicago.
THE RAILROAD IN POLITICS.
It is time for Mr. Hays to hold a heart-to-heart talk
with himself and decide whether he is going to en
force obedience to his orders or not. He knows that
the Post is the property of the Southern Pacific
Company. He knows that -the company makes
a monthly payment to the support of the
paper and directs its policy. The Southern
Pacific Company has, in fact, full authority and
control of the Post and can compel it to be decent
or suppress it or sell it, as seems best to the managers
of the road. With these facts the people of San Fran
cisco are iamiliar, and if Mr. Hays deems that he can
leave Herrin. and the Post free to combine with Kelly
in doing the dirty work of predatory politicians, and
at the same time persuade the public that his -order
requiring Southern Pacific officials to abstain from
partisan activity is valid, he will fool himself but he
will not fool the people.
If Mr. Hays has any regard for the reputation, he
is to bear in California it will be well for him to give
his attention to the serious discrepancy between his
statements and orders and the actions of W. F. Her
rin and the articles of the Post. The people are not
going to be deceived. They are aware that the Post
is owned by the railroad, that its utterances are dic
tated by the railroad, and that it would not now be
supporting Boss Kelly if orders from the railroad had
not been given for it to do so.
, Some time ago Mr. Hays assured the people of
California that the Southern Pacific Company was not'
to interfere in politics. A little later the assurance
was followed by the issue of an order forbidding rail
road officials to take part in politics. So far as the
public is aware that order has never been recalled, and
yet the Evening Post, which belongs to the railroad
company, is now as actively engaged in supporting
political bosses as ever in its history.
That the bosses should make use of these utterances
of the railroad organ is not strange. They are making
a desperate struggle to retain their power in muni
cipal politics and any aid that comes is welcome to
them. It is strange, however, that the Post should
have published such articles or have in any other way
openly manifested the activity of Herrin and the
Southern Pacific Company on the side of the dis
reputable bosses and predatory politicians.
|-v Y the Kelly, Gage and Herrin committee there
I— y has been printed and distributed throughout
*—J- the city a dodger containing a number of edi
torials on municipal politics which originally appeared
in the Evening Post, the organ of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company. There are three of these
editorials, each and all of them being abusive of the
Republican Primary League . and of the efforts now
being made by genuine Republicans to drive the cor
rupt bosses out of politics and to give San Francisco
an honest and efficient administration.-
Wilson had the misfortune to have his name asso
ciated with a tariff bill which brought distress upon
the industries of his country, but in other respects he
was one of the statesmen of whom the nation has a
right to be proud. Certainly all true Americans, no
matter how stanch protectionists they may be, will
share Tom Reed's appreciation of the manliness of
Wilson's character. The republic needs in public life
men of that kind — men who can and do stand firm
when public feeling goes wrong. It would be better
if we had more men in all stations of life who agree
with Mr. Reed and act upon the principle that "doing
your duty and facing the consequences is success it
self." " . .. ¦
In the phrase 'about public feeling gone wrong Mr.
Reed had doubtless in mind the revolt of the great
masses of the Democratic party from the principles
in which Mr. Wilson believed. The wild craze for
free silver and for what is generally known as Bryan
ism left Mr. Wilson without a party. He had the
courage to face the consequences, and his public life
was closed. There was; however, no failure in that
ending of his- career. The Democratic party is to
day abandoning "Bryan" as it once, abandoned Clever
land, and the course of the wiser leader is vindicated.
with clouds before the truth is ripened into fruitage.
He is happier who is wrong when.others are'wrorig;
but no Darwinian 'survival of the fittest, to survive'
will ever convince the manly man that there is not
something higher than happiness. Doing your duty,
and facing the consequences, is success itself."
FINE ATTRACTIONS PROVI DED
BY CITY'S VARIOUS THEATERS
THE SAN FKA.J7C1SC0 CALL, THUJttSDAY, ApGXJST 8, 1901. "^
6
Call »«h»crlbers eontemplattaar at change of
residence dnrlmr the summer months can har«
their paper forwarded by mall to their new.
addresses toy notifying The Call Business Offlce.
• This pa^cr will also be on sale at all »umme»
resort* and is represented by a local afrent la
Ml teCTOB on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIflG TOlfi FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cr H TJmbsen & Co.— Monday. August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real 'Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
A TSTTTRV. MKN'fS.
Tlvoll— "Lucia."
California— "The Amazon*.**
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar— "CamlUe."
Granfl Opera-house— "Toll Gate Inn." •
Central — "Monte Crlsto."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrenlne.
Fischer 1 b— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Ba±h* — Swlmmlns.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento — September 2 to 14.No philosopher can give a reason for
half that he thinks.
drawing no salary, which caused the su
perintendent to remark significantly:
"It is not my fault that the lady is un
der suspension."
the result of his Investigations into seri
ous charges against several teachers re
lating to discipline and conduct. On Web
ster's report hirges the ordering oi trials
for the accused teachers. Denman called
Webster's attention to the fact that one
teacher is now under suspension and is
Only $10 80 round trip. Good going Fri
day or Saturday, returning on or before
Tuesday. Most beautiful lake in the
world. Invigorating climate. Fine fishing
and boating. -
Over Sunday at Lake Tahoe.
Horace W. Philbrook's petition to be re
instated as an attorney was yesterday de
nied by the Supreme Court.
Denies Philbrook's Petition.
About seventy of the members of Alta
Parlor No. 3, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, tendered a banquet last
night in a downtown restaurant to Grand
"Vice President Miss Eliza D. Keith, who
is a member of that organization. ;
Vice-President Banqueted.
Rabbi Martin A* Meyer, the young Cali
fornian who won a fellowship in the Pal
estine Exploration Society after a severe
contest in which several college profes
sors were pitted against him, is to preach
to-morrow morning at the Temple Emanu-
El. Before going East Rabbi Meyer was
a pupil of Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, and
he will fill the pulpit for that gentleman
at to-morrow's service. On Sunday Rabbi
Meyer starts for New York, en route for
Palestine, to be gone a year. Most of his
time will be spent in researches in the
vicinity of Jerusalem.
Ifcibbi Martin Meyer Will Preach.
To-Day.
The San Francisco and Sacramento
teams will play to-day, to-morrow, Sat
urday and Sunday at Recreation Park,
Eighth and Harrison streets. Game will
be called at 3:15. The Indications are .that
these games will be among the best of
the series. Following is the line-up:
San Franijlsco. Positions. Sacramento.
Whalen Pitcher Stricklett
Sullivan Catcher Stanley
Pabst ¦ First base Hanlon
Schwartz. Second base Courtney
Reilly Third base Sheehan
Nordyke Right field ."Doyle
Croll Center field McGucken
Hlldebrand Left field McLaughlln
GEKMANS AND SENATORS
WTIX PLAY. A SERIES
Strong .Baseball Teams to Contest
at Recreation Park
Alma Davidson has been granted a di
vorce from Max Davidson on the ground
of cruelty. •
Suits for divorce have also been filed by
Katie S. Casebolt against Jacob D. Case
bolt for failure to provide. Pansy Law
rence against Frank Lawrence for failure
to provide and Lillle Wood against Sam
uel J. Wood for desertion.
Mrs. Dorothy Studebaker McKeown ha3
instituted her long threatened suit for di
vorce from Scott McKeown. The com
plaint, in which intemperance and cruel
ty, the latter of the mental variety caused
from the former, is charged, was placed
on record yesterday. Mrs. McKeown
avers that since she married her husband
on May 9, 1900, he has habitually indulged
in intoxicants to such a degree as to dis
qualify him from attending to business,
ail • of which, Mrs. McKeown concludes,
cauaed her great mental pain and anguish.
Mrs. McKeown does not ask for alimony.
and Cruelty — Other Unhappy
Couples Go to Court.
Accuses Husband of Intemperance
DOROTHY S." McKEOWN
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
The Merchants' Association has just is
sued volume 5 of the review published
monthly by the organization. The volume
dates from September, 1900, to August,
1901, and is replete with valuable data and
articles on commercial and municipal af
fairs, compiled and writtenJjy well-known'
business men.
Merchant Association's Review.
There was a very large and fashionable
audience in Golden Gate Hall last night
at the entertainment given by King Sol
omon's Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star. The entertainment consisted of
a two-act farce entitled "A Box of Mon
keys," presented under the direction of
the worthy matron, Mrs. N. Annette
Woods, the cast being Jennie Cava
naugh. Daisy Antoinette Doud, Mae
Frank O'Keeffe and Edward Pollock of
the circle and A. L.* Spence. After the
farce there was dancing.* Harry Baehr
was the floor manager and was assisted
by Fred B. Wood, Clarence T. Cleve and
S. B. Stevenson.
Eastern Star Gives Farce.
A progressive euchre and whist party
will bo given to-morrow evening at Golden
Gate Hall by Cathedral Council No. 59 of
the Young- Men's Institute in aid of the
funds of 6t. Mary',3 Cathedral Bazaar.
Many valuable prizes will be awarded to
the winners of the games. Great interest
is displayed by those who are in charge
of the affair.
Will Aid cathedral Bazaar.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
an examination for watchmen at the
Girls' High School Thursday, August 29,
at 2 p. m. Applications will be received
up to 5 p. m. Friday. August 23. From the
list of applicants who pass this examina
tion nineteen positions will be filled, the
salaries ranging from $40 to S75 per month.
This examination will include the keepers
of the bridges, who are rated as watch
men. :-;•¦ ¦ •
Examination for Watchmen.
Class for Deaf Mutes Will
Be Established in the
Department. / .
The Board of Education made a dismal
attempt yesterday to prove that the at
tendance in some of the public schools is
not • greater than it should be. Director
Denman read an elaborate statement,
based on principals' reports, in which it
was intended to show that the classifica
tion is less than provided for in the rule
governing it, but the very figures demon
strate that thirty classes have more than
fifty-five pupils enrolled, whereas the rule
provides for fifty-five only. Denman had
no. sooner read the statement than Sol
Schein of 631A Ivy avenue asked leave to
address the board. Schein stated that his
son had been refused admittance to the
Moulder and John Swett schools, on ac
count of . crowded classes, and- he was
comforted by the information that there
might be room in the Harrison School. '.
The statement' read by Denman shows
that In sixty-two schools, there being fif
teen yet to hear from, there is a total en
rollment of 31,073 pupils. The number of
classes is 670, making anaverage of forty
six pupils to a class. Twenty-eight classes
have under thirty pupils each, ninety
three classes under forty-one and 310
classes under fifty-one pupils, while thirty
classes have more than fifty-five pupils
enrolled. - , ¦ . •
The statement shows that the Columbia
School has an average of fifty pupils to
each class, Cleveland 53, Dudley Stone 53,
Emerson 51. Franklin 52, Fremont 50,
Hearst 50, Humboldt 50, Jean Parker 54,
Jefferson 51, Joho Swett 53, Lafayette 50,
Longfellow 52, Lincoln 52, "Marshall 51,
Whittier 52, Adams 48, Agassiz 49. Cooper
49, Crocker 50, Denman 48, Golden Gate 49
and Horace Mann 49.
The figures hardly represent the actual
conditions, as many classes run consid
erably over! fifty-five, f and other classes
with a lower enrollment in the same
school would naturally bring the average
down to a much lower figure. For-exam
ple, the report of the principal of the
Sherman School shows an average of fifty
pupils. Three classes, however, have 55,
57 and 57 pupils, respectively, two have 54
each and four have 41, 43, 45 and 47 pupils
each. '
The board adopted a resolution estab
lishing a class for deaf mutes in. the de
partment provided that twelve pupils pre
sent themselves for admission. As this as
surance has already been .given by
parents the class will be a certainty after
the city Board of Examination has grant
ed certificates to eligible teachers for the
branch. ¦» ;
Miss Ina D. Martin was assigned to the
commercial department of the Lincoln
Evening School, Miss B. MlllhQne to the
Cooper School, Mrs. Kedon to the Hum
boldt Evening School and Miss I. Hem
mi ngway and Miss M. Liner to the Grant
School. ¦ ' - .
Superintendent Webster notified the
board that he would report in two weeks
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Pearl Hobart, and Miss P. Langsteadter
was transferred from the Hamilton to the
Starr King School.
Attorney Short tried to make the wit
ness state that if the cost of hauling
twenty-six oil cars from Bakersfleld to
Oakland was $206 and the freight on the
same was $1633, there must be a profit to
the carrier of $732. The witness, however,
explained that he was only "doing arith
metic" for Short, and would not admit
the accuracy of Snort's hypothetical ques
tions. The investigation will be resumed
this morning at 10 o'clock.
"The rate now charged for hauling a
ton of oil a mile," said the witness, "pro
duces a revenue of 8 mills only. The rate
charged for carrying oil from Bakersfleld
to Oakland does not allow of a profit of
more than a half-mill per ton a mile, if
the interest on the funded debt is elim
inated from the expenses."
The witness compared the freight
charges from Bakersfleld to Oakland and
the switching charges at Bakersfield to
those paid in Oregon l;y a lumber com-,
pany he was interested in, and declared
the Valley rates were absolutely fair to
the producer.
General Manager Kruttschnitt was re
called by Attorney Herrln and gave the
data as to the cost of hauling an oil car
on the round trip from Bakersfleld to
Oakland. The cost was stated to be 9 1-10
mills per mile. This cost was based on
the general average of hauling freight on
the entire system and the various charges
made by different departments and ac
counts. Eliminating "interest on funded
debt," the cost per mile was reduced to
7 6-10 mills.
G. X. Wend'.ing, late general manager
of the Producers' Oil Storage Association,
was the next witness for the railroad. The
witness told how his association sought
to combine the entire oil interests in order
to maintain rates. The Standard Oil Com
pany had, however, upset all calculations
and the association failed in its project.
Oil had been offered to consumers in this
city at 70 cents a barrel. This was done
in order to bring into the .field certain
producers who. held back. The witness
thought the pres*ent freight charges were
fair. The producers simply decided on
what price they wanted for their oil and
added that price to the rate of freight. A
reduction of the rate would not benefit
the producer.
A. J. Treadwell, a mining engineer and
oil expert for the Soufiern Pacific road,
told of his experience in the oil fields^ He
was positive that the j charge of 42 cents
per barrel for oil carried from Bakersfield
to this city was reasonable. The witness
stated that a reduction in the freight
would not benefit the producer or the con
sumer, as existing contracts. provided for
increase or decrease in freight • charges.
The witness also thought the switching
charges of the railroad in the oil fields
were perfectly fair. A charge of 4 cents
a barrel is now made, while teamsters
formerly exacted 20 cents.
Captain Payson testified that • in his
opinion the cost of equipping the cheap
est mile of the San Joaquin Valley road
was $12,000. This was due to the cheapness
of rails and material, which have since
the building of the road increased consid
erably.
The gist of Kruttschnitt's testimony
was that no railroad in the country could
figure on what it cost to haul freight over
a certain section of its property, but that
the cost must be computed on the aver
age of expense of the entire system. He
claimed that $2 31 a mile was the average
cost of moving freight trains.
To listen to Kruttschnitt's detail as to
how much it cost the road to haul a ton
of freight for a mile and just how many
"mills", of the amount must be charged
to "betterments," "maintenance of ways,"
"equipment," "operating expenses" >and
"legal services" reminded those present
of the days when the late Collis P. Hunt
ington appeared before the Railroad Com
missioners in the grain rate case.
The hearing of the oil rate case was re
sumed yesterday morning by the Railroad
Commissioners, and at the morning and
afternoon sessions elaborate data was
presented by General Manager Krutt
schnitt of the Southern Pacific. Railroad
to show that the rate charged for carry
ing oil between Bakersfield and Oakland
was not excessive, as alleged, but was in
fact very reasonable.
The five Chinese, including the under
taker, were arrested and placed on the
detinue book and the body was sent to
the Morgue. Detective Ed Gibson was
detailed on the case yesterday and he
was inclined to the belief that Chin Hong
committed suicide, but decided to detain
all the Chinese until after the inquest.
Chin Hong did not belong to any tong
and intended returning to Sacramento
next Saturday.
Yeong Jung, the proprietor, told the de
tectives that Chin Hong had come from
Sacramento and had been working for
him about two months. He went out
Tuesday night and returned about 1
o'clock yesterday' morning. Chin Hong
was left in the store while Yeong Jung
went into a room in the rear. He heard
a shot, and on entering the store found
Chin Hong dead. He sent for two of
Chin Hong's cousins and a Chinese un
dertaker was called in, but the under
taker said it would be better to notify the
police. , They were all. In the store when
the detectives came. In.
Shortly before 3 o'clock Special Officer
George Downey notified Detectives Dinan
and Crockett that there was trouble in
the store. The detectives went there and
discovered the dead body of Chin Hong
lying in a corner on the floor. Four other
Chinese were in the store at the time.
While the detectives were questioning the
men Leong Li came in with a Colt's re
volver in his hand, a piece of paper wrap
ped around it. One chamber was.emptyi
He explained that he was a cousin of the
dead man and had gone out with the re
volver to find an interpreter, so that he
could notify the police of the fact that
Chin Hong had committed suicide.
Chin Hongr, a Chinese employed in the
liquor/store of Yeong Jung at 1027 Dupont
street, was found dead in his employer's
store at an early hour yesterday morning,
with a bullet in his abdomen. Whether'
he died by his own hand or was mur
dered the police are as yet unable to say,
but circumstances so far as developed
point to suicide.
H. M. Snyder, timekeeper for Wass, pro
duced the- time book, which showed that
730 hours had been worked on the Senator
and 1747 hours on the City of Peking. The
bills paid by the Government for the work
called only for 710 hours and 1701 hours
respectively, leaving a difference unpaid
to Mr. Wass* credit of sixty-six hours.
Commissioner Heacock remarked that if
the prosecution could prove that Air.
Wass collected from the Government for
the work done on Captain Barneson's
house he would hold Mr. Wass to answer.
Captain J. H. Matthews, Government
Superintendent of Repairs in the trans
port service, was called by the prosecu
tion and vindicated the defendant. He
testified that in o-ses where bids were not
advertised for the contractor was obliged
to furnish the Government with the ma
terial at the lowest price quoted in the
open market. This Mr. Wass had done.
It was the custom for the contractor to
give a rough estimate as to the cost of
the work and to send in his bill when the
job was completed. At the time mentioned
in the -complaint the Government was In
a great hurry to get the transports ready
for sea and- was willing to allow * con
tractors to make 100 per cent profit on the
work of tlu«5r men. He regarded Mr.
Was3' bill correct as to the number of
hours, the witness having allowed him on
the contract twelve hours per day for
nine hours' work.
The examination will be resumed at 10
o'clock this morning.
Edward Smith testified that he worked
two days at Captain Barneson's house
with J. B. Neville and that Neville in
structed him to charge the time to the
transports.
Neville was called as a witness and
swore that Wass had directed him to
charge one day's time to the City of Pe
king and the other day's time to the Sen
ator of the work done on Barneson's
house. . .
The complaint charges V» ass with hav
ing violated Section 543 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States, in that he
presented to Oscar F. Long, major and
quartermaster of United States volun
teers, a bill of $S50 50 for 1701 hours of
labor at 50 cents per hour for work done
on- the City of Peking froin^October 19 to
October 28, 1SS8, and that on October 28
he presented to John Barneson, marine
superintendent of the United States army
transport service at San' Francisco, a bill
for $353 for 710 hours' work upon the
transport Senator from October 2-i to No
vember 20.
First Assistant United States Attorney
Banning represented the Government. T.
C. Van Ness appeared for the defendant.
The chief point in the case was whether
the defendant charged as work done on
the transports work done at the house of
Captain John Barneson. On this point 11.
E. Helm, foreman for Mr. Wass, testilied
that he sent J. B. Neville and Edward
Smith to Captain Barneson's house to put
in two switcnes and that he had the work
charged to "Captain Barneson's -house."
The witness had charge of the men
working on the transport Flintshire and
he ordered them to enter twelve hours on
their time when they worked nine hours
per day. That order was given by direc
tion of Mr. Wass. The men demanded an
eight-hour day with ten hours' pay. One
hour extra that they worked in the morn
ing was counted as two hours— double
rates being allowed for overtime.
The preliminary examination of D. D.
Wass, an electrical contractor, on charges
of having: presented fraudulent bills to
the Government, ¦was begun yesterday be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. • '
Five Mongolians Arrested
and Held Pending Result
of Inquest.
Strong Testimony in His Favor
by a Government
Official.
Comparisons Are Made "With
Charges on Lumber in
Oregon.
Principals' Reports Show
Congested School
Attendance.
Police Undecided as to
Whether It Is Murder
or Suicide.
The Railroad Company's
Chief Witnesses Be
fore Commission.
Examination of Army
Contractor by Judge
Heacock.
CLAIM OIL RATE
IS REASONABLE
BOARD MAKES
LAME DEFENSE
CHINESE FOUND
DEAD IN STORE
NO OVERCHARGE,
DECLARES WASS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE."
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to . ¦ \
E. C. PECK. Agent,
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco,
Or BANNING CO.. -
' 222 South Sprlns st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams, fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatirm, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, meVcury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-stcry
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Flshingr; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee. Cal.
Forrestandfiealth | N THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
2400 ft. ---136 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Spriaes, Colfax, Cal.
r KLAIVIATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest flshinsr, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Hates, $? and $2 50 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st., or
address EDSOU BROS., i Beswlck, Slskiyou
County, Cal.
VICHY SPRINCS,
1 The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths;' Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. • J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
Proprietors.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive place In Lake Co. to - spend
a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling, etc.
Accommodations for 250 people. Write for cir-
cular. Edgar Duman, Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In ; the Santa ; Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during the deer Pack of hounds,
swimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET, Llagas. Cal. •
LAKEPORT 'AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via LakeDort, carrying passengers for Lake-
; port und Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
. with trains at Hopland. j Leave Hodand at
' 12:30; arrive at Lakeuort at 3:30; arrive . at
Bartlett Springs at 7:3C. New 6-horse 14-paa-'
senger tourist wagons, made tc order for thia
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passencers for Lakeport or Bartlett
- Springs • call ' for tickets by Bartlett Springs
t Stase Line. ¦ '- • . ¦ • - ¦
MILLER' & HOWARD, Proprietors.
LANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more: grand redwood scenery.
Address J. 1 LuttrtnKer," Seavlew, Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front st., , for, particulars.'
THE LAUREL, Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house: home - cooklns;, beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk.tb town.- Terms,
18 to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIEand MISS A. HAMILTON, Props.'
Delightful Surroundings and H/ITTpD
Excellent Accommodations at Yf 1 1 1L1\
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. • »*•«
Tickets California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
•RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address. -
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY,
Uprer Lake P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 6«.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2H hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arrivlnK at Yosemlte Valley 5. p. m. Send for
fllustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.,
"cent 630 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S F. ;' tel. Black 3571. '
/)-» I* m ****e% HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
V K il fa #?«V Co - : on 'y *^ hours .from
OArfC/l/V San Francisco; but 9 miles
etaglng; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stair*
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7-30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
S12 a week. References— Any guest' of the past
six years Further Information at Traveler of-
fice 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. ¦ > , .
OwFa HOME w t5^ u ;CA¥P MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
ud- boatinp, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postoffi.ee at camp: board
and'lodplng $6: take Sausalitrt ferry. $3 round
rip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or- H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. ¦.__¦
%yrm)flotfpn$y
JjStW Throe trains, dally; 2Vi hours' ride. A.
* S^. ' Bettens, Mgr., Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co., 30 Geary St., City.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
ZM hours' ride i from S. F. ; 5 miles ' from Va-
llejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-"
Ria. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $S to $10 a week.
Spocial rates families. M. MADRID. Valle jo, Cal.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
¦ Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:45
p. m. daily. -For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains; 5
minutes from station; ¦ fine ' scenery; fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. . MRS. I. N. HAYES-
SOLID COMFORT HOME^ e n d B ! vel 2 y ooo feft
altitude. No fos: : climate delightful. Large
orchard, | vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Sprine water. Rates, $7 week up. : Stage meets
train. . SCHULER & SCHEBEN, Napa. Cal.
BELLfevUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VBRANO,:. Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), - on' California Northwestern
Railway* Hot mineral baths near • by. Terms
$1 per day and upward. . PETER GOUILHAIl-
DOV. Lessee.
AMUSEMENTS. •
BELASCO *»°THALLS ,&&$£.
il "^ MttSTC CJTy/I4il
TO-NIGHT— Every Evening This "Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Spectacular Production of the Great Play,
MONTE CRISTO
Gorgeous Scenery— Wonderful Effects, Etc.
Last Week— Engagement of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
PDirUC Evening 10c, 13c, 25c, 35c, 50o
miVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25a
Next Week— "THE GREAT DIAMOND
EVERY ACT~A HEADLINE
IN VAUDEVILLE.
Hill and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs. Al-
fred Kelcey, Sisson, Wallace and
Company, The Molasso-Salvaggi
Troupe, Alexandra Dagmar, The
Standard Quartet, The Esmonds,
Stanton and Modena, and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
25c and SOe
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MR. JAMES AND THE
1 V SLmsd I Mtst^Emd COMPANY.
Presenting Arthur W. Pinero's Comedy Success.
"THE AMAZONS.-"
EVE 23c. 35c, 50c. 75c, $1
MATINEE SATURDAY 25c. 50c. 75o
Next Sunday Even!ner..."THE ROYAL BOX."
BEJlTS READY.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!-
THE AMATEURS
AND THE NEW NOVELTT,
A LADIES' PILLOW FIGHT.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
Of VJI/yj°#/l BODY ST..
THE ONLY TREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
KALACRATUS;
The Famous Novelty Juggler.
ZETA LOWELL,
The Stunning Singing Soubrette.
LESTER-REEVES,
The Eminent Baritone.
IONE,
In Poses Plastlque.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
" V . MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SACRAMENTO.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SACRAMENTO.
SAN FRANCISCO V3. SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (LADIES' DAT.)
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (LADIES' DAY.)
AT 2:15 P. M. .
RECREATION PARK*
RECREATION PARK, I
EIGHTH AND HARRISON BTS.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON 3T3.
PALACE
. ___ . These hotels possess
ANn the attrrtrotes that tour-
t*? \. ists and travelers . ap-
£BAffn predate— central loca-
UivflJl JJ t i on> - liberal manage-
UATW C ment, modern appolnt-
nU 1 JUL. J, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
San American, and Euro-
pean plans. -
Francisco.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stress
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
Is the order In the United States Laun-
dry. Quick and best work and prompt
delivery are our guiding principles, and
we're equipped to serve all that come.
Our tvagon is at your service, whether
your order Is by telephone, call or mail.
No saw edges.
STEP LIVELY
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor fcnd Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Bpeclal
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
' NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
• S23 Market et., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DANDRUFF WON'T WASH OTJT
The G-errn That Causes It Has to Be
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
week scouring her scalp, thinking scrub-
bing- off the scurf will cure the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40 years,
she has spent 260 days of twelve hours
each, or two-thirds of a year of her life,
In that vain hope — vain, because you can't
cure dandruff without killing the dandruff
germ, and the only hair preparation on
earth that will do that Is Newbro's
"Herpicide"— also a delightful hair dress-
ing and thoroughly antiseptic against all
contagion from use of other's hair
brushes. i «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced for fifty Cents.
Any Astigmatic Lens Duplicated for
&1.OO to $/,5O,
Oculists' Prescrlp'e. Filled, rhone— Main id.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
OPTI C! AN5 Photog^ pH^ P n P^ U5 -
642 Market 5t. s-sTRUMtNTs
ui»OER CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FR'E.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Pc-Ft <Ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 50-page catalogue (free).
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Corner Twentv-sixth and Folsoni streets,
SAN FRANXISCO.
Courses of Study to fit youne men tor
petitions a*
' CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUKDRYMEH. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
schools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
"WITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For ycung inen and women over 16 years of age.
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AXD VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
"With Instruction In
TEVTIXG. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING.
MILLINERY. HOME NURSING.
INVALID COOKERY. ETC. /
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students as
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee or Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakas^s.
TERM OPENS JULY 23. 1901.
Office now open lor applications. Send for
Catalnzu*.
BAP.TOK CKCIKSHAXK. M. S.. President.
ST. GERTRUDE'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIF.S.
CcTiSuctea ty the Sisters of Mercy, opens Aug.
E. 1D01. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Ciremmat and lower elapses craded on State
Schools. Modern build ins: steam heated;
Mjrhted 1 by esf; larjre exercise grounds; loca-
tion tinsurr>ay«ed for health. Communication
l>y several llnfs of steamers.
Adar«»j=s MOTHER FTJPKRIOR. TMo Vista. Cal.
HILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas: eetninary course accredited to th»
Universities: rare opportunities offered In •«
fic. art end elocution: thirty-sixth year: \V
term opens Aue. 7. 1901. 'Write for catalog > i
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Colles*
P. P.. Cal.
KAKUN'SCKOOl end YMI HESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Sfin F"pni»el«co, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universtties of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reotens Aufirt It. 190L
SAIIAH D. HAMLIN. PrlndDaJ.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
1615 Bush street (AVeM of Franklin)
PRINCIPAL. GEORGE BATES. M. A.
Primary Dep't.. MISS MARIE McDONNELL.
In Intended to furnlph the best preparation
for the universities or for business to a Hmlt-
*>d number of pupils. Opens MONDAY. Aug. 5.
For circulars, etc.. address 904 Van Nees ave.
SAN FI?A*CI«CO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
I23O "^orUct «treet.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporter!! as teachers; Grej?,?
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able Day and evening. FULL COURSE. $60.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August
S. 1901. BRO. EEMINCLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
lor the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Fhelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmaa Term Will Commence August 14.
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
ItEV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
tRVINC INSTITUTE.*
Hoarding and day school for girls, 212* Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Tb«
next eesplon will begin Aug. S. For illustrated
catalogue addrr-cs the principal.
REV. EDWARD D. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
E AN MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August U. 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Sector and Head Muter.
COPYRIGHT 1100 IV THE PROCTER A GAM«LE CO. CINCINNATI .
A GREAT MAN'S IDEA.
f r ~ IENIUS, as, Raskin defines it, is simply
a superior power of seeing. Have you
I the genius to see how important an
element in the success of your house-keeping
is the use of Jvory Soap? Judged by the work
it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should be washed only
with Ivory Soap.
AftcfrTtuonT^ *j:^^^5»?»\ r 'T«^^j f^j J
AMUSEMENTS.
S«a^ B > tjS S\ *¥" jCft 88* - j A »
LAST ~NEXT WEEK,
NIGHTS SEATS READY
FLORENCE s^yER
ROBERTS COUNTED
Gamille harness.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
1 W %3 in 1 **
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT t SHARP.
SECOND GREAT WEEK.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
To-night. Saturday Matinee and Sunday.
LUGIA
Friday and Saturday.
ILTROVATORE
"FAVORITA,"} NEXT f'-OTELLO,"
Agostini, Co11»b»-> , mrcc - ¥ , < EonUntn. St-
rini,D»do, Termi.J WEEK. (Itsst, CuUlltn).
POPULAR PRICES— 55c, 50c and 73c
Telephone— Bush 9.
A A I 11 Bffl mi §k SA.1 FRANCISCO'S
COLUMBIA IMS THEATRE
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK. .
"A great play."— Call.
"A Dramatic Triumph. — Examiner.
"Well worth seeing."— Chronicle.
"Powerful and fascinating."— Bulletin.
Every Night (Excepting Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES*
Greatest Play,
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE;
SEATS FOR NEXT WEEK NOW READY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNOAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS "WEEK.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents the Revolutionary War Drama,
"TOLL GATE INN"
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good orchestra seats all matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "THE LIARS." '
T. Daniel Frawley as Colonel Sir Christopher
Deering.
E. J. . Morgan as Edward Falkner.
WINNING A*DjfARNE$$ RACING.
Rattle and iJai^E^f,^
Oair,y Contests.
&S$ *• Exhibits AS/7 ty>~
fop Particulars Writ&.
(¦IEQ.W Jackson. "AB.Spreckel5,
SJ.EC'TY. PRESIDENT.^
PMOpiipp'O CONCERT HOUSE.'
rlOUniin O Admission 10c.
IRENE Franklin, Claire Canneld. Maud Still.
SWOB AND HATHAWAY, Ouhama, Nellie
Bruce. Billy Fiemen, Little Jennie Metzler,
Seymour and Hill and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
•Reserved Seats, 25c. - Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
"Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
' ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.; LONDON. Aug. 7.— Consols. 93 7-16; Silver.
26 .15-16 ; French rentes, lOlf 20c ; wheat cargoes
on. passage, rather easier; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 29s , 6d ; ¦ Walla : Walla, » 233 . 6d ; v English
country markets, quiet and steady, v -¦'¦-¦ '
. LIVERPOOL, Aug. 7.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard ¦ California, :-. - V4d; • wheat ;:in
Paris,. dull; -flour, in Paris, dull; French, coun
try .markets, firm;, weather: in England, fine. ,
: COTTON-Uplands,:4 ll-32d.
Changes on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange were higher prices for Gas and Elec
tric at $42@42 S7%. Spring Valley Water at
$S6@S6 50 and Giant Powder at $77. Business
was merely fair. There was nothing new in
the oil stocks. *™
The only change in the afternoon was a fur
ther advance in Gas and Electric to $12 50. »
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 7—2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.'
Bld.Ask.l Bld A.T,
is quar coup. ..113 113% Us qr cp (new) 137 m
4s quar reg. ...113 U3ttl.3a'quar coup."lostil09
. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co P C 5S.1C614 - Oceanic SS 5s 101V4103
Cal-st 5s 116 - Omnibus C 6s m _
C C Water 5s.lO7% Pac G Imp 4s — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28Vil33% Pk & Cl H Z'.\<X -
Fer & Cl R 66.117V4 — Pk & O R 6s 117 _
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s 120 —
H C & S 5Vi«..106V4 - Sac E OP. 5s 95 -
Do os ... _ K2% S F.& SJV 5s.l20% -
f° a . . A "*f R » s -"5% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) " ilric —
Do gntd 5S..133 — <mo) " 113 _
L A & Pac 5s.l01 ; 103 C P of c"6a""* ¦ ; " •
,rP? \ c ™ 3a.lO2% — (1905). Ser A. — 1C3%
Mkt-st Cab 6a — 128 (1305), Ser B.110 I —
' Do 1 c m 5s. 124 (19C6) 11214114
Nev C N G 7s. 105- 114 • (1912) .....:.. 120% —
Nor R Cal. 6s. 113% - 3 P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ........ 118% V-.. c gntd 5s.. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104- S P Br Cal 6s,136 —
Do 5s 105 — • S V Water 6s. 114 —.-^
Nor R Cal 5s. 110 -113 Do 4s ..102%—'
Oak Gas 5s — 112% — 1 Do 4s 3d mtg.lOlH —
Do Trans 6s.ll7%119 iStktn Gas 6s.. — v : — '<]
Do Water as. — 102-fii
STOCK MARKET.
'¦'. APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@60c for ordinary. '
APRICOTS— 25@35c per box; In bulk, $10#JO
per ton. .-. . <
i CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l per box/according to
package. .. • • ¦¦ ...-•.-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The river boats did not get In until the af
ternoon, which mixed- up-, the market consid
erably. I Forenoon prices were largely • nominal
In consequence. •
Bartlett- Pears have j recovered - from their
temporary weakness and are back to their old
figures and firm. Peaches In bulk \ continue
firm and in demand everywhere.- The canners
are cheerfully paying top quotations for Plums
in bulk, and taking all they can. handle. Plums
are gocd property this year, and Apples are
also firm at good prices. Nectarines are in
clined to drag. . .
Melons continue In large supply and weak,
and there are plenty of Cantaloupes and Nut
megs J lying around. Watermelons are selling
well. ¦;:• , --- ; ¦- 1
. Grapes are rather, weaker-. If anything,
though arrivals are by no means liberal.-
Oranges and Lemons ' have again ¦ advanced
and are very firm. So are - Limes. ¦
i Buyers are. paying from $25 to J32 50 per, ton
for Wine Grapes In the Santa Clara Valley.--
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
\ Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
iButter is reported well cleaned up by most
daalers. though some have all tsey want ¦ to
take care of. The market is affected by the,
Irregular arrival and departure of the Hum
boldt steamers. Prices show a further slight,
advance. ¦ ' .
Cheese rules firm, with moderate supplies.
EgK3 continue to advance, and there are less
on the market, though 'there Is no scarcity
by any means.
Receipts were 42,700 pounds • of Butter. 693
cases of . Eggs. 28,300 pounds , of California
Cheese. - \ .
BUTTER— Creamery. 21%@22%c per lb fcr
fancy and 19(?2Oc for seconds; dairy, 15@19c;
store Butter, 12%(??15c per lb. . .
CHEESE— New, io®llc; old, nominal; Young
Americas, llSill%c per lb; Eastern. 13®15c
EGGS— Ranch, ¦ 20@24c for good to fancy;
store, 15@19c per dozen; Eastern, 15@19c.
Flour, qr sks ll,6:f Lime, bbls 243
Wheat, ctls 4.5CK ?ugar, ctls 463
Barley, ctls 4.6GC Wool, bales 37">
Oats, ctls 1,260 Quicksilver, flsks 66
Beans, sks 639 Leather, rolls ... 96
Potatoes, sks ... 4.1S4 Pelts, bdls 6 263
Onions, sks S84 Hides. No *C2
Middlings, sks .. 20 Wine, gala 7 800
Hay, tons ISC
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 7.
Rcccipts of Produce.
The weather continues unsettled ov«>r South
eastern Oregon, Northern Nevada and South
ern Idaho. Heavy rains are report«"i In the
Nevada dpfert, more than half an Inch having
fallen at Wlnnf-mucca. Thunderstorms are r«»-
T>ort*"d generally from Wlnnemucca. to Poca
trllo.
The temperature has fallen about 20 degrep*
o\-cr Eastern Oregon and has risen about 8
¦degrees in Utah. Throughout California the
temperatures arc about normal.
San Francisco is the coolest station among
those reporting to-nieht.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, undine midnight. August 8. 1501:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
fhowj-rs *>ar:y Thursday morning from Sacra
rr^nto northward: fresh southerly winds In the
Interior; brifk westerly winds on the ooast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
jpepterly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unwttlfd weather Thursday,
xrlth thunderstorms and rain in extreme north
ern portion; brisk westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
With fog In the morning: fr^sh westerly winds
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
*•_- -.«.-*— v •' - "Forecast Official.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
f:S£-ia -3 f~ I
;¦• STATIONS. f | f | i|| |o J.
Hollist«>r 77 5> Clear .0-1
Hanford I'i2 f8 . N <~Iear .01
Napa %1 . 57 SW Clear • .0",
Fan Jose 84 Cl-'iN-
rUvTf'de S8 W W
Palermo .98 <7 S On
Ventura '. 74 '58 " '.. .00
Santa Maria 73 53 .'.
KoUister— Light earthquake shock 2:10 this
Inorninp. .
Hanford— Fruit ripening fine; email receipt
Of dried fruit.
Napa— Foggy morning; corn looking fine in
low land.
8an Jose— Heavy fog early; earthquake dur-
FORECAST.
THE COAST RECORD
Iron continues dull and featurelens. Pig Iron
warrants. $9 50<@10; Northern No. 1 foundry,
flafflla ?0;.No. (1 foundry. Southern, $14@14 50;
No." 2 foundry Southern, $14 75<E?15 25, and . No..
1 foundry Southern soft. $14 75<315 25. Glasgow
warrants closed at 54s and Middlesboro closed
at.«s 2d. . . ¦ ' :
Lead ruled dull here at $4 37% and in London
values were also unchanged at £11. 17s 4d for
rrot. • ' -
Spelter — Inactive at $3 90@3 95, London closing
at £JG 10s. . -..-...- .. . •. . ¦
Copper was. dull and featureless at home.
Values nominally quoted at 16%(fl7c for Lake
Superior and 16%f516%c for casting and elec-'
trolytic. -At London, however, a further loss of
2s 6d was noted, Fpot closing at £66 6s 3d and
futures P.t £€5 15s. . • ¦ .
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— The market for tin in
local metal circles was very quiet to-day. Spot
is nominally quoted at $27 50 with higher prices
being asked. Futures were weak with Novem
ber offered at ?24 75. The London market was
5s to 7s 6d lower, with the - close standlne at.
£115 15s and-futurea at £111 15s. • . '
Nczv York Metal Market
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,300 barrels; exports. 23,729 barrels; more ac
tive and firm; Minnesota patents, $3 80@4. .
WHEAT— Receipts. 236,550 bushels; exports,
1C0.500 bushels; spot, firm: No. 2 red. 77%c f.
o. b. afloat;' No. 2 red, 76Hc elevator: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79Uc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S7yic f. o. b. afloat. Options
were strong and fairly active all day. A scare
of shorts provided tho chief bull Impulse, at
tended by renewed frost talk, big clearances,
reduced Southwest movement and small offer-
Ings. Closed firm at %c net advance. Sep
tember, 75 3-16iJ?"6 13-16c, closed at 76%c; Oc
tober, 75%'g76%c, closed at 76%c; December,
77%fi?78y l c, closed at 78}Jc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Rio invoice.
5%c; mild, dull: Cordova, SflWAc. Futures
closed steady at net unchanged prices to 5
points higher; total sales, 44,000 bags,; includ
ing September, $4 85: October, $4 95; December,
$5 1065 15; March, $5 30@5 35; May, $3 45.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; fair refining,
3 9-10c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-32c; molarses
sugar, _3 5-16c. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5548 packages; steady;
'State dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16@20%c; West
ern, June factory, 15@15%c; imitation do cream
ery, 14@17V4c. .
EGGS — Receipts: 8270 packages; firm; West
ern, candled, 12@16%c; Western, uncandled,
8@14c. t
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled mod
erately active and about steady . to-day, but
values were without change. State, common
to good. 4%W7c; prime, 7@7%c; choice, 7#@8c;'
fancy, 8©8%c. California dried fruits ruled in
active, but nominally steady. Prunes— 3%@7c.
Apricots— Royal, 8%{fl3c; Moorpark. ! 8iS12c.
Peaches— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c. .
Robert O'Brien to Lizzie Kelly (wife of Pat
rick J.), lot on SE corner of Franklin street
and Austin avenue. S 25 by E 74; $10.
Goad Land Company (corporation) to W. T.
Holling lot on NW corner of Washington and
Gough streets. W 137:6 by N 127:SVi: *10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to ¦ William' J. Gunn, lot on N line of Green
street, 33:1% E of Devisadero, E 5 by N 105;
valuable consideration.
Ann and Reese Llewellyn to Mary J. Tlb
betts, lot on E line of Masonic avenue. 125
S of Golden Gate, S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
E. M. and May E. Norton to Norton Land
Company (corporation), lot on SW corner of
Frederick street and Tremont avenue, W 53:lVa
by S 106; $12. CCO.
Charles L. and Tina Hinkel to Josephine C.
and Theresa G. Walsh, lot on S line of Beulah
street, 80 W of Cole. W 20 by S 75; $10.
Ella M. Grogan to Anton and Louise Schwel
linger. lot on E line of Church street. 26:8 N
of Twenty-ninth. N 25 by E 100: $10.
Milton W. and Julia L. Moon to R. J. R,
Aden, lot on S line of Sacramento street. 20 E
cf Stockton. E 20 by S 57:6; $10.
James H. and Ellen Garrett to Helen Mc-
Glew lot on S line of Silver street. 442:6 SW
of Third. SW 27:6 by SE 80; also lot on SE line
of Folsom street,' 152:9 NE of Twelfth, NE 20
by SS 80; gift.
M. A. Meier to James Orr. lot 13. block 363.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association: grant.
Mary A. Haas to John Stumpf. lot on S cor
. ner of M street and Fourteenth avenue. SE
75 by SW 100, block 239. South San Ftancisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Estate of Prisdlla Wilson (by J. G. Pierce,
administrator) to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.. un
divided tworthirds of lots 1 to 24. block 372,
lots 5 and 6, block 169, lots 30 and 31, block
332 lots 23 to 26. block 342. lots 5 and 34. block
292. O'Neill & H. Tract; $1663.
John Struven and Charles Blrgle to Sunset
Tanning Company (corporation). lot on E' line
of San Bruno avenue. 30:4 from NW corner of
50-vara lot 350, N 25 by E 73. Preclta Valley
lands; also lot on SE corner of Army street
and San Bruno avenue. S 30:8%. E 75. S 25. W
75. S 30:4. E 142. NW 31. NW to a point. NW
to Army street, W 90. Precita Valley lot 351:
also lot 350, Precita Valley lands: $10.
John A. Manuel to Manuel Estate Company
(corporation), all Interest in the estate of
John Manuel, deceased, probated in Calaveraa
County (no San Francisco property described);
$1- -
Alameda County.
Anton and Olive Christensen to Thomas M.
Anthony, all Interest in lot on W line of Cas
tro street. ?2 S of Fourth. S 20 by W 70.
block 25. Kell»rsbenrer'3 Map. Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Af sociatlon to
Mary E. Wilson, 125 square feet of lot 37 in
plat 38, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $31.
WMllem A. Stacy to Henry HIney. all Inter
est !n lots 19 and 20. block C, Lincoln Park,
Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Robert D. Sample to Lena S. HIney. all In
terest In lot on SE line of Walter avenue,
205.71 NE of Jerome. NE 50 by SE 105. block
C, Lincoln Park. Oakland Township: $S50.
Elmer K. Cole and Jessie M. Cole to B. F.
Arnold, all interest In lot on N line of Dwlght
way. 200 E of Fulton street, E 50 by N 135.
black 4. College Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
L. L. Lewis ft Co. to J. G. Martin, all In
terest in lots 6 to S. block 43. Kingsland Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
. A. M. La Cunha to Ella E. Lee. all Interest
In lot on SE corner of B and Third «treet9.
NE ISO by SE 130. town of Haywards, Eden
Township; rrant.
Harriet E. Coo!te (widow) to William G.
Cooke. lot en SE line of Orange street. ICO SW
of Perry.- SW 60 by SE 116.22. block L. Flint
Tract No. 4, portion Oakland Heights, Oak
land; rift.
Lena and Henry Rosentraueh to Henry W.
and Minnie Moririan. all Interest In lot on W
line of Market street. 12S S of Twenty-fourth
S 25 by W 123, block 63S, Market-street lots,
being lTillviMon of blocks 63G and Dortlon of
635. Oakland: $10.
Jennie M. Leonard to George Leonard, lot on
SE corner of Waltnn or Thirty-fifth and Grove
streets. E 16G. S 120.. W 50. N 60. W 116, N 60,
Oakland, quitclaim deed: $ .
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret K. Koulkea (owner) with C. M De
pew (contractor). su:>er!ntena>nt J. Mora
«°£ B 7^ " w ° tk for « 3-story frame building
(6 jif?. on Jot on N1JV corner of Washlnston
and Fillsiore streets, 33:6 by 120; $12,000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.40c; Pow
dered. 5.25c; Candy Granulated. 5.23c: Dry
Granulated. 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.65c; Golden C, 4.55c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 23c more; ooxesi"
5Cc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less ¦ than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domino3, half-barrels, 5.65c: boxes, 5.30c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c: Astral, 19c: Star.
19c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c: in caa'M.
21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases, 20c; 36-de
gree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; in eases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cades and
52c !n drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In ICO-lb bags:
OILS — California Caster Oil, In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 26; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
94c; raw, 92c; cases 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases, S5c: China
Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatafoot OH. bar
rels, 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon; Fish Oil,
in barrels, 37%c; cases 42%c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 por » ton; Southfleld
Wellington. J9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bav. $5 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, J12 50 in bulk and. $13 75 in
packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%gSc;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%@
6c for cotton and S%@S%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1 25@1 50; ' Hare,
$1 25@1 EO; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@9c for Gobblers
and 9(§10c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1 12%@1 37%: Ducks. ?2 50(S3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50: young
Roosters, J5 50<S6 EO; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fry
ers. 1 4534 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and J2
<52 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs... ¦
Dove3 are still scarce and the quotations are
nominal.
Another car of Eastern came In, making four
thus far this week. The market is steady, and
r.ot materially changed beyond • an advance in
young Roosters..
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes and Onions are both active and firm
with a sharp demand for shipment. The West
and Southwest are taking* all the Potatoes we
can spare them and calling for more. Onions
are being shipped to all sorts of points, ' from
Vancouver to the Western States. Those ship
ped to. Vancouver will take' the steamer there
tor Australia.
Vegetables are still weak and dull. Tomatoes
are the only firm description. The market is
glutted with Corn, Peppers and Egg Plant, and
there are more Cucumbers here than the de
mand calls for.
A. car of old Merced Sweets came In.
POTATOES— 90c@-$l 15 in sacks and $1 30©l 60
In boxes for Burbanks, 75c@$l 10 for Garnet
Chiles and WcQWtor Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 25@1 40; Sweets, 2%c per lb for new
and 75c per sack for old Merced. ;
ONIONS— Yellow, 90c@$l'per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 6C(ff65c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%(g'2c; String
Beans, l%@-3c ; Limas, 4c; Qabbage. 35@40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the River, in large
boxes. 50® 75c; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Green-
Okra, 75c@$l per box: Carrots. 25®S5c per sack;
Cucumbers, Bay. 15@30c; Pickles, IVic per lb
for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c; Green
Peppers, 23 ( $u0c per box for Chile and 25@50c
for Bell; Egg Plant, 23(g50c per box; 'Green
Corn,-. 15@75c per sack; Alameda. 75c@$l' per
crate;. Berkeley, 25®75c: Summer Squash, large
boxes, 15ig40c; New Marrowfat Squash, $15;§20
* erton - : ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' A car of Pink Beans sold at $2 15, but this
figure is considered extreme. The market rules
firm with a continued demand for shipment.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 5002 60: Small White, $4 So
@5; Large White, $3 85@4; Pink, $2@2 15; Red.
t3@3 25; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Limas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney. $4 50®4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 75@3; Canary, 3Vi@
314c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1» 4 @
2 l Ac; Heran, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 63 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 7.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shews: Available cash
balance, $176,207,117; gold, $102,436,748.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Money on call, steady
at 2"!i2\i por cent: last loan. 2H per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%<(i5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, strong, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 SSffl4 88% for demand and
at S4 S.VK.IS4 P5V4 for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 S»S4 ?r.v, anfl $4 ??V4«ff4 S9. Commercial bills
$4 84%@4 85. Bar silver, 5S%c. Mexican dol
lars. 46c. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nczu York Money Market.
LONDON, Aug. 7. — Anaconda. 8%; Canadian
Pacific. 109%: Northern Pacific prefd, £9;
Southern Pacific, 53%; Atchison, 72%; Atchison
prefd. 96%; D. & R. G., 41%; D. & R. G.
prefd., 92; Union Pacific, 96; Union Pacific
prefd, 89%. Bar silver, quiet, at 26 5-16d per
ounce. Money. 1%@2 per cent.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, -Aug. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was utterly stagnant,
although Investment shares were firm on the
general belief that the termination of the Boer
war Is close at hand. Other stocks than strict
ly Investment ones were inclined to sag and
American Issues oscillated fractionally. There
was' a: complete: lack of interest in that depart
ment, pending' the settlement of the steel
strike ana the receipt of the Government crop
report. New York sent hardly any prices.
Money rates are unchanged.
London Market.
N civ York Cotton Market.
* - ' •¦ ; ¦ i ¦ •¦ ¦¦ - ' '¦¦'
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Cotton futures closed
quiet with prices net 4@7 points lower.
. . -
Portlands Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 7.— Clearings, $299,
662; balances, $30,402. . : ,. -
Northern Wheat Market.
¦ , OREGON. ; ' -
PORTLAND, Aug. 7.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, -56c.: , , . . - -
: WASHINGTON.
- TACOMA. Aug. • 7.— WHEAT- Unchanged,
club, S6c; blue stem, : 57%c. ,.¦
Foreign Markets.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 7.—CATTLE-Re
celpts, 3533. Steady to weak on best beeves,
others ¦ 10@15c lower.': Natives, $3 50@5 90; cows
and heifers. Jl@4 75;' bulls and stags, $2@4 75;
stockers and feeders $1 75@3 75; veals, $2@5.
HOGS— Receipts, 9575. Market, 10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 50(55 85; medium and
heavy, $5 70@6 10; pigs, t$2 5C@5 15;. bulk, $5 65@
5 90. •-• ¦ . .
SHEEP— Receipts, CO. Steady.
ST. JOSEPH.
¦ CHICAGO. Aug. 7.— CATTLE-Recelpts. 23,
800, including 900 Texans. Choice steady, but
10@15c lower. Good to prime steers, $5 60®6 20;
poor to medium, $4 40@5 30; stockers and feed
ers, - ?2 25@4; cows, $2 73@4 40; heifers, $2 25@
4 75; ¦ canners, SI 50@4 30; bulls, $2 50<f?4 30;
calves, $3@5 25; Texas steers, $3(S4 45;- Texas
grass steers range steady at $4 50@4 80.
' HOGS— Receipts. 33,000; left over, 12,000: es
timated to-morrow, 20,000. Opened weak, closed
10@15c lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 70@6;
good to choice heavy, $5 90@6 10; rough heavy,
to 40^5 70; light, $3 70@5 80; bulk of sales, $5 75
(§5 90. . ., • . ¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000. Steady . to strong.
Good to choice wethers, $3 60(^4; fair to choice
mixed, . $3 2T>@3 50; Western sheep, $3 25@3 65;
yearlings, $3 75<S4 25: native lambs, $2@5; West
ern lambs, $4 25® 5 10. , . .
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Aug. 7.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: Longer
than it. is broad would characterize the deal
ings In wool at Boston at this writing. While
a good quantity of wool has changed hands and
while many good-sized blocks formerly belong
ing to dealers. are. now the property of manu
facturers, the number of buyers and the num
ber of sellers has not been large. • The Inter
esting feature of the market Is that dealers are
hopeful and cheerful and while not expecting
any advance in prices, look for a good, uniform,
steady business for some time to come. They
belleve that the news from the New York
goods market is either good or Indifferent, none
of it bad. ¦ The buyers of the past week have
included such mills as those of the American
Wool Company, Wanskuck Company and Ll
monsvllle. The sellers have been mostly the
largest houses and for the ¦ most part those
which handled territory wool. The receipts mt
wool in Boston this week amounted to 35,369,
against 33,627 bales last week and 16,567 bales
a year ago. The total receipts since January
1 have been 379,329 bales domestic . and 87,447
bales of foreign, against 226,712 bales domestic
and 108,257 bales foreign for the correspond! nar
period of 1900. This is an increase of 152.557
bales domestic and a decrease of 20,810 bales
foreign. The sales for the week In Boston
amounted to 4,490,000 pounds domestic and 1,
790,000 nounds foreign, making a total of 6,
760,(K)0 p"ounds. against a total of 6.100.000 for the
previous week and a total of 3.348,000 for the
corresponding week last year. The sales since
January 1 amount to 141,202,600 pounds, against
80.899,700 pounds for the corresponding period
of last year. Shipments 0/ wool for the week
ending August 5th aggregate 5,395,953 pounds.
GLASGOW. . Scotland. :. Aug. 7.— The Earl
Fruit Company realized the following prices
at its sale of California fruit to-day: Pears—
Bartlett, two-fifths boxes, $1 50<(M 70. Plums-
Yellow Egg, single crates, $1 95572 19; Colum
bia, single crates, $1 70@l 95: Jefferson, single
crates, average $2 19; Kelsey Japan, single
crates, $2 19^2 43; Wickson; single crates, aver
age $2 43. _^__
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 7.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at auc
tion here to-day on California fruit: Peaches-
Early Crawford, boxes, 65@85c, average 79c;
Foster, boxes, 60(g75c. average 72c. Pears —
Bartlett, boxes, $1 85(H2 10, average $2 04. Plums
—Yellow Egg, single crates, $1^1 15, average
$1 13; Diamond, single crates, 55c@$l, average
90c; Kelsey Japan, single crates, . $1 10@l 35,
average $1 13. Prunes — Tragedy, single crates.
75c<£f$l 10, average 97c; Gros. single crates,
average $1 85. Grapes— Muscat, single crates,
average $1 60. Peaches— Mary's Choice, boxes,
60S 70c, -average 66c. ' Five cars sold to-day
here. Weather unfavorable.
CHICAGO, ' Aug. 7.— Earl Fruit Company
rales California'; fruit: Peaches— Early Craw
ford, average "Sc. boxes; Foster, $1 06. Pears—
Bartletts. average $1 93 boxes; 90c half-boxes.
Plums — Bradshaw, average 8Sc single crates:
Kelsey Japan. $1 14; Golden Drop, $1 10; Colum
bia. $1 06; Yellow Egg, $1 29. Prunes— Grosi
average $125- single crates; German, $172; Sil
ver. $1 02. Grapes — Tokay, average $2 44.
Twelve cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Peaches— Brandy wine,
average $1 04; boxes; Early Crawford, average
97c; Elberta, average SI 01; Fosters, 94c. Pears
—Bartletts, average $2 20 box. Plums— Ivelsey,
Japan, $1 13 single crates; Columbia, $1 39; Yel
low Egg, $1 07. Prunes— Hungarian, average
Jl 23 single crates; Gros,*«l 51; Tragedy. (1 11.
Grapes— Malaga, average* ? $l 76 single crates;
Thompson Seedless. $1 75; Muscat, $2 07. Twen
ty-one cars fruit sold to-day.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 7—12 m.
• Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Justice 05 u<5
Alta - P3 05 Kentuck 02 0*
Andes 03 04 'Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 13 11
Best & Belcher 20 21! Occidental 02 03
Bullion 01 02;Ophir «6 67
Caledonia 30 32: Overman f>9 10.-
Challenge Con.. 3>> 31iPotosi 05 1'5
Chollar 05 06'Savage 06 07
Confidence 1 10 1 20 Scorpion 04 —
Con Cal & Va..l 95 2 Ou Seg Belcher 02 —
Con Imperial... 02 — Sierra Nevada.. 12 13
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill 34 35
Crown Point.... 08 03jSt. Louis C6 —
Eureka Con 10 —Standard 3 63 —
Exchequer 02 — Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Union Con 10 12
Hale & Norc... 24 23 Utah 01 C2
Julia 02 ¦ — Tellow Jacket.. 24 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Best & Belcher 20 1 200 Ophlr «7
100 Challenge Con.. 3O{ 3CO Overman 10
100 Con Cal & Va..l 9il 100 Sierra Nevada.. 13
200 Con Cal & V.l.92%1 200 Union Con U
100 Con Cal & V.I 97% i 2C0 Union Con 13
300 Mexican 13 1
Afternoon Session
11C0 Best & Belcher 191 100 Con Cal & Va..l 93
4C0 Best & Belcher 20' 500 Confidence 115
400 Challenge Con. 29) 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
500 Chollar 06! 500 Utah 01
600 Con Cal & V.I 32%i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Mornlnj Session
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ....'. 05 100 Overman 11
lien Best & Belcher 20 3C0 Overman C3
100 Challenge 23 800 Silver Hill 35
CcO Con Cal & Va.l 9o 200 Union Con 11
6C0 Gould & Curry. 13 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2»
ICO Mexican 13 2T.0 Yellow Jacket.. 23
ICO Ophir 68 50 Yellow Jacket.. 23
2T0 Ophlr 67 20 Yeliow Jacket.. 20
200 Overman 12
500 Best- & Belcher 201 100 Ophlr 87
1000 Best & Belcher 221 100 Yellow Jacket.. S
200 Mexican 13' 200 Yellow Jacket.. 24
200 Ophlr 66 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Morning Session
The following were the sales In the Pan
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS.
There were 19 cars of Hay on the tracks. The
feeling was unchanged. Feedstuffs stood as be
fore.
BKAN-$19fW 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20021 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill $25@26: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17® 18; Corn Meal, ?30 50
(531 50; Cracked Corn, J31@32; Mixed Feed, $17
@1S.
HAT— Wheat. $7@9 50: choice, $10; Wheat and
Oat $C E0<g9; Oat, $6@S £0; Barley and Oat.
$6<g8; Alfalfa, $7@9; Clover, J5 50@7; Volunteer.
$4 50(9-5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50©2 75 per barrel for family . and
$2 75i03 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4(S4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4S4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), 'J6 Sofg'S 35;
in sacks. 16 50@8; Pearl k Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. " I
Stock — Sales. Hich. Low. Close. I
Atchison 2S.S00 72% 70% 72 I
Atchiscn ?fd 7,200 34% 53'A 94% !
Baltimcre & Ohio.. 200 94% 94Vi 94% ]
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 92
Canadian Pacific 600 1O7»4 10714 ¦ 107U
Carmda Southern 66% '
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,300 44 43% 43%
Chicago & Alton 800 3C% 36% 36%
J Chicago & Alton pfd 75%
Ch«o. Bur & Quincy.... 200 195% 195Vs ..-
j Chicago, Ind & Louis... BOO 33 32V4 32 I
| Chicago. Ind & L pfd 68
I Chicago & Eest 111 .... 120
Chicago & G Western... 1,400 22 21 21%
Chgj & G W, A pM..: 81Vi I
Chgo & G W, 1! pfd.... 200 46H 46 46V*
Chso & Northwestern.. 100 m 19: 190 ¦
Chso ir I & Pacific... 1,190 13S% 136 137%
Chgo Term & Trans.... 1,300 18V* 17% 1SV4
Chgo T & Trans pfd.... 600 3674 36% 37
C C C 4 St Louis 200 89 88% 88%
I Colorado Southern 700 12T» 12% 12^
1 Colo Southern 1st pfd 49%
Colo Southern 2d pfd 21-
Delaware & Hudson.... 600 158% 157 158%
Del, I^ack & Western.. 300 220% 220 220
Denver & Rio Grande.. 100 40% 40% 40%
Denver & R G pfd 400 83% 89H 88%
Krie 11.200 36 35',i 35%
Erie 1st prefd 800 64 C3% 63%
Erie M prcM 100 48 48 47%
Great Northern pfd.... 400 173% 173% 174
Hocking Valley .... 50
Hocking Valley pfd.... 100 73V4 73',6 13hi
Illinois Central- 200 144 143',i 143%
Iowa Central l.CCO 39% 37 39
Iowa Central pfd........ 3,500- 76% ! 71 75%
Laka Erie & Western.. 500 5S% 63% 58
L Erie & Western pfd. 100 128 120 12'i
Louisville & Nashville.. 1,900 .100% 99% lOOYz
Manhattan Elevated .. 3.400 116 114>4 115%
Metrcpolltan St Ry 1.300 164 163 163%
Mexican Central 500 Z2K 22 22%
Mexican National 1,000 9% 9 9
Minn .& St Louis 200 107 106% 106
Missouri' Pacific 3.M)0 66Vi 94%, 95»i
Mo Kar.s & Texas....... 300 25 25* 25%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd..-.. 200 52 51% 51%
New Jersey Central 158
New York Central 1.000 151Vi U9% 151«4
Norfolk & Western '. 4,100 51 DO 50%
Norfolk A "Western pfd 88
Ontario & Western 3.100 32% 31% 32%
Pennsylvania 8,800 143 141% 14274
Readint? ;....... 11,700 40 39 39%
Reading l«t nfd 600 76% 76% 76%
Heading 2<1 pfd 800 50% 50ft 60%
St Louis & San Fran.. 600 39V4 38 »R%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 76
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 500 6674 66% 60%
St Louis Southwestern 27%
St Louis South wstn pfd ..: G9
St Paul 13.400 157Vi' 155V4 156%
St PwmJ pf-J 1»2H
Southern P«».c'.flc 20.800 53% P2 i C3%
Southern Railway 2.S0O 28% 28 28%
Southern Railway pfd.. :-oo *3% MVi 83%
Texas &¦ Pacific l.CCO 38% 37% 3S%
Toledo. St L & West .:.. 20%
Tol St 1* A %V pfd ZZV*
Unoln Pacific ..¦.-yusno 95V4 S3% 95-i
Union Pacific pfd 1,700 !?7% R7% S7%
W-abarti 1.700 20% 20% 20%
WabdRh - pfd 700 3R% 37% . 88%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. ,100 17% 17% 17V 4
W & Like Erie 24 pfd.. 200 29 2S% 28V4
Wisconsin Central .. .. 5001 20 13% 20
Wisconsin Cent pfd \ 38
P C C & St Louis 73%
Exprees companies —
Adams 170
American 190
United States ! 85
Wells-Fargo .... .... 140
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 1.500 111S lift* 111%
Am Car & Foundry ... 1.200 2R% 27% .2SVs
Ara Car A Foundry pfd 200 82 81% £2%
Am Linseci Oil J3i±
Ara Linsoed Oil pfd 63^
Am Pmelt A Refin.. .. 1.100 51% 51 5H4
An Smelt & Refin pfd. 1.000 100% 09% 99%
Am Tobacco". 130
Ar.aconda Min Co 800 43% 42% 42%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. '5.700 74 72% 73%
Colo Fuelifc Iron....... 1.000 92 90 90%
Consolidated Can 300 21S 218; 21S
Cont'nental Tnbaco*.. 5<x> 65% 65 .' 65
Omilnentnl Tobacco pfd , 115
O'-neral' metric 1.200 247% 246 217
Glucose. Sugar ...; 1.CO0 56% '55. 56
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— Business to-day was
on a reduced scale and there was a more gen
eral disposition to curtail operations pending j
the settlement of tho steel strike. The an-
QOUneetnent over night of a general extension
of tho strike order caused some hesitancy at
the outfit In the general market, but aside
from a sharp dip at the end of the first hour
and again toward the close the tendency was
distinctly upward throughout. The final prices
were about the best for Atchison, St. Paul,
Union Pacific and Southern Pacific, which were
accounted the most active declines In the rail
road division. Reports have been current for
several days past of a fixed price at which
the United States Steel stocks would not be
allowed to break by the alleged pool behind,
the stock. This level was exceeded earlier In
the week and speculators were interested
in watching the opening In the stocks this
morning when 6W)0 shares of the common stock
came out on a scale down to 39% and a figure
was made of S9 for the preferred, representing
losses of % each. Support was immediately
forthcoming and a rumor gained currency that
the level for to-day was fixed at 33% and &3
respectively. Proiessional operators made but
feeble efforts to depress the stocks in the sub
frequent dealings and were more inclined to
bid up the general list on the theory that. the
backing to the steel issues would have a sus
taining effect on all ether properties. Whether'
this supposition was correct or not or because
the short interest had been unduly extended
in the railroad list the tact remains that all
of the grain-carrying roads shewed conspicuous
strength at various times. * No doubt the
grangers ware helped by the )rise of about a
cent in wheat, but Atchison's improvement
could not be directly traced consistently to
the fluctuations in corn, which was higher.
Business in the United States Steel stocks was
on c-ven a smaller srale than yesterday, but
they moved pretty steadily upward touching
4<>9» and SO respectively and ended at the high
est of the day. A number of minor railroads
made somewhat sensational advances,, the ex
treme rise in Lake Erie and Western common
and preferred 8 and 10, Iowa Central common
and preferred 3'£ and 5^i, St. Lawrence and
Adirondack 6%. No news attended the upward
movement in these stocks aside Irom the plac
ing of the latter on a 5 per cent dividend
basis. Industrial stocks, aside from Sugar,
were without any special change and the fluc
tuations in that stock were within compara
tively moderate limits. Some weakness de
veloped early in the coalers on talk of re
r.twed dissatisfaction among mine workers, but
their losses were canceled later on. except for
Lackawanna, which ended 7 points off. Mon
etary conditions were unchanged, but sterling
exchange was stronger. There are no pros
pects cf gold shipments this week to Germany.
In the closing dealings prices were on the up
turn again and the ending was very firm.
Railroad bonds were quiet and somewhat Ir
regular. Total sales, par value, $1,140,000. .
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
Nezv York Stock Market:
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening :........ 5 8 5 9%
Closing : 5 8 5 9V*
PARIS.
Wheat— Ausr. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 45 23 40
Closing 22 35 23 25
Flour —
Opening 28 30 29 65
Closing 28 20 29 40
San Francisco Meat Market.
The situation remains unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6<g6^ic for Steers and 5®3^4c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%&
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50. per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14tn3%c: do. Lambs', lie per Ib-
Northern, free. J2@13c: defective. Sffillc; Middle
County, free, lfl<S?llc; do. defective. 8ig>10c;
Southern. 12 months, S^c; Southern, free, 7
months, 7@10c;'do, defective. 7 months. 7@Sc:
Oregon Valley, fine. U«?15c: do. medium and
coarse. ll@13c: Oregon. Eastern, choice. Il@l3c;
do fair to pood; S'S'llc; Nevada. 10@llV4c. Fall
—San Joaquin Lambs'. 7%@3c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%©4%c per lb
choic-?. 5c; No. 2, 3%'?4c: grease. 2%<!J3c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10V£c; medium. 3%c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, Do for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c: Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf. lSc; Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins,' shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30(S50c each; medium. 50@75c; long
Wool. 80c(gU each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@
2 75 for large and $2®2 2.> for medium %\ 50©
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
.dry, $1 "•> tOT l ar S e . *! 25W1 50 for medium $1 25
fcr small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins. 33c; fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium
35c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 9%c; three
half- barrels. 9>4c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8T«c per lb.
Private wires from Chicago yesterday said
that the market there was acting heavy. About
8000 barrels January long Lard sold at the
opening and buyers became shy of the whole
list.
• This market showed no change.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams,
13S13'/4c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins. 1114c: 5-lb tins. ll?»c.
Provisions.
Morning Session.
Board— M
1000 Junction •" "*
500 Junction ??
100 Monarch of Arizona _' «
220 Peerless »
100 Peerless, b 90 •«
50 Peerless, b 60 ° <a
Afternoon Session.
Board— „
200 California-Standard £»
200 Junction '•«
GO Peerless ° g2
300 Sovereign ; -'
150 Twenty-Eight * *°
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 7-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
r^i-'orted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. €2; Red Bluff. 93; Sacramento. 88;
Mount Tamalpais. 78; Fresno, 100; San Luis
Obispo. 74; Independence, 91; Los Angeles, S6;
Fan Diego. 72.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€2; minimum. 55; mean, 1%.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report
"Loose raisins wer? slightly firmer and 3
crown were harder to find at 5%c. There was
mere inquiry for future apricots. Holders on
the coast were firm and no business cf im-
I-ortance was reported. Evaporated apples on
the spot were in moderate demand and firm
tt unchanged quotations. Brazil nuts were
fcigfcer at S«-£§10c."
"The Cured Fruit Association have with
crawn quotations on all sizes except 100-120s,
which were offered on a 3-cent hasip. but other
sizes were orVred on the same basis by parties
who have bought from the association at lower
prices. \\'€<3n<??day. it is understood, there
were efff-ringp at a T-^c bas'.F. but this quota
tion was not heard of yesterday. Larger sizes
v.ere firmest. On the spot 50-60s and 60-TCs
Tvtrc firmer, holders generally asking o^»@6c
for the farmer and h\,Q',^c for the latter size.
Soiro {fi-."Os were reiv rred available at 6-\c.
There were very few 10ft-120s to be iiad at any
r-rice. Local and nearby demand for prunes
ocntini!" d wty socd.
Latest mail advices from New York say:
"Prunes are firmer both here and on the coast.
In addition to the rale of a large block of
Eir.all sizes reported a day or so ago sales of
e number or" cars of the large Fizes are said
to have been made by the association on
¦\Veduesd2y. Coast dispatches say the basis
was 3 cents and that options have been given
on fifty cars more of large sizes at the same
figure. It is said that part, of these purchases
•vvas mad? by local speculators and that a con
e'derable number of cars will come forward
tx once. Another report was that the bulk
cf the rurchases would be held on the coast
tntil the atw crop comes in, when they would
toe effcr^d in competition with new association
goods.
•'Shingles have been going eastward from
Humboldt County in encouraging numbers and |
the demand from Eif-tern points is increasing j
with the passing of every month, as the build- i
e-rs are getting; acquainted with the possibilities
of this redwood product. Certain companies
p.nd firing :n the extreme eastern districts are I
advertising and pushing the redwood shingle
as well u the lumber, and there is every |
rfafcon to believe that there will be a great i
improvement during the year to come." !
Prunes and Raisins in New York. \
July was an active month, says
•'This is the general consansus of opinion |
expressed by the m:::y local and coast ium- |
ber manufacturers, for there has been a de- j
mar.c almost unexcelled in the past ten years, i
The trade has bsen very steady, for the iocal j
and nearby building has been heavy and In j
many instances the retail dealers have been
compelled to hurry their orders to be in any
position to f. 11 the calls of the many contractors
and builders who are rushed off th?ir feet.
"Prices have not been changed and there
are no evidences that any radical imprDve
i.;ent U ne«,r at hand. The manufacturers are
not gctt^s wh£t they should for their products
Er.-l a tlifei-t advance would net be felt to any
Fi-eat extent by the householder or builder.
The only trouble with any such movement of
improvement is that the manufacturers would |
lake the occasion to generally cut the prices
in cro>r to gain orders which might be other
wife placed.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron, in stating that I
The Lumber Trade.
ing night; Bartlctt pears through next week.
Riverside — Usual summer day.
Palermo — Orange trees putting on luxuriant
growth.
Ventura— Limas setting nicely; prospects fa
vorable for fine crops.
Santa Maria — Weather cooler; favorable io
beans; Chevalier barley threshing well: wheat
fair; fruit light. . ,• A. G. McADIE,
Section Director.
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour, steady;
No. 3 spring. eSV^Oc; No. 2 red, 71V4@71%e:
No. 2 corn, 56Vic; No. 2 yellow. 59V4c; No. 2 white
oats, 37%c; No. 3 white, 37@37%c; No. 2 rye,
E6%(ff57c; fair to choice malting barley, 55®60c;
No. 1 naxsepd, $1 61; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 63:
•prime timothy seed, $5 25@5 35; mess pork, per
barrel, $13 75(313 80; lard, per 100 pounds, 55@
57%c: short-rib sides (loose). $7 70@7 90; dry
•salted shoulders (boxed), $7 25@7 50; short clear
sides (boxed), $S 2508 35: whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 29; clover, contract grade, $10 05.
Articles— . Receipts; Shipments.
Flour, barrels 39,000. 20,000
Wheat, bushels 657,000 . 187,000
Corn, bushels ..342,000 . 6,000
Oats, bushels ...533.000- , 159,000
Rye. bushels ..; 12,000
Barley, bushels 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 14%® 20c; dairy,
13«?16%c Cheese, 9%@10%c. - Eggs, firm; fresh,
14<f?14%c.
The Prune Association and packers have not
yet made any definite arrangement for tho
coming year, and they may not act together.
The market for everything In the fruit line
Is firm, with continued heavy sales of Apri
cots, Apples and Peaches in the country. At
the present rate of purchasing stocks of all
three will be cut down to a small point before
long. . ,.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@10c for new Royals
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; "new Evaporated Apples. 6@7c; new
Peaches, 5%@7c for future delivery; Pears, 4@
8c: Plums, pitted. 3@5c; unpitted,. l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4@4%c for red and 4©5c for white.
PRUNES— The association has withdrawn
quotations and will sell no more at present.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOVic per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached-Sultanas, 8c; . Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5%c, and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per" box; 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c; No.
2, 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c: No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13® 14c for paper-shell, 10@llc for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%e; Filberts.
12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, {3 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb, 11012c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%<86c;
light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 3%@lVic.
BEESWAX-25S2SC per lb.
Dried Fruits, N tits and Raisins.
and the ' market was | at its j best In strength
and activity near : the close. The bulge met
with little opposition until September during
the afternoon touched 71%c,'high point for. the
day. Longs, to secure profits,, sold on a liberal
scale, but prices , yielded stubbornly and the
close was strong! l'sc over, yesterday, . at
71%@7iy 4 c. . ... ,
Corn ruled fairly active and strong under
crop reports of the same dismal comport that
has characterized them for a month past. The
wheat strength was also a factor. September
closed %c up at"57%c. , . "
The oats , market was dull, but steady, in
sympathy with corn. . September . closed Vic
higher at 34%c. • '. „
Provisions were weak ¦ under liquidation of
January product and in sympathy with weaker
hogs. September pork closed 15c . lower, lard
5c down and ribs 2%@5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ; Open. - High. Low. Close..
Wheat No. 8—
August .... ' .... 70Vi
September.. 70 -71% 6<<% -71V4
December ,72% ' 73% .72 73\i
Corn -No.. 2—
September 56% 57% 56% 67%
October ....: 57% SSVi .57% 5S
December.. 67% 59% "57% 58%
Oats No. 2—
September .......:. 34% 35^ 34%. 3474
October: 37% . 37% 36% ; 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel— t
September 13 S5 13 92% 13 82% 13 82%
January ..' 14 90 14 90 14 80 .14 87%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 60 8 60 8 55 8 57%
October 8 67% 8 70 ! 8 62% 8 65
January : 8 65 . 8 65. . 8 60 8 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 80 7 82% 7 77% 7 77%
October 7 87% 7 87% - 7 82% 7 85
January 7 72% 7 75 7 67% 7 67%
AVtc York Exchange lozcer. Silver unchanged.
Wheat looked bullish in the West.
Lively demand for Barley end Oats in the country.
Corn doing better again at Chicago.
Hay and Feedstuff s imdiaiigcd.
Beans still firm and wanted for shipment.
Heavy shipping demand for Potatoes and Onions.
Vegetable market heavily supplied and ivcak.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Butter and Eggs steady and Cheese firm.
Fn:it market unsettled by late river boats.
Gcod. canning demand for Peachcs } Pears and Plums.
Melons in heavy supply and cheap.
Oranges and Lemons still higher. Limes firm
Continued heavy purchases of Dried Fruit in the country.
Provisions rather easier at Chicago.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Stock exchanges quiet and featureless.
Lumber trade reported in good shape.
High prices being paid for Wine Grapes.
CALL BOARD SALES. . :
Informal SessioYv— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— "No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. •
OATS — The Government has opened the bids
for the 4000 tons of old Oats wanted for Manila,
but the award has not yet been made. The
market rules firm, with a good demand in the
country for large lots. Chicago was a few frac
tions higher with a strong undertone. Prices
are unchanged at 95c@$l 02% for Black and
97%c@$l 15 per ctl for Red.
CORN— Chicago was strong at an advance.
Trading was light, but the market was firm
on the breaks, when buying orders came in,
and advances were easily made whenever the
selling eased off. News from the belt was no
better. Des Moines wired that Corn was going
down hill every day and that parties who have
hitherto expected hflf a crop are now buying
Cora binders and cutting the Corn for fodder.
Fields as they stand are being offered at $3
per acre. • • •
This market continues dull and nominal, but
firmly held. Small round Yellow. $175; East
ern Yellow, $1 62%® 1 65; White, Jl 70@l 75 per
ctl: Mixed. $1 50®l 55.
RYE— 72%@77%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.'
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.: .
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls,
U C2%. ' . -' .
Afternoon c, Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 02%; 2000, $1. 02%. "
BARLEY— Brisk buying at a number of in
terior points is reported, and the dullness of the
market In this city must not be taken as a
criterion of the condition of things. The deal
ers are still working with the railroads to se
cure a rate whereby they may be enabled to
ship Into the dry sections of the West.
Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 71V4@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Paris futures were weaker and
Liverpool was easy.
Chicago was steady at the opening with a
good undertone. The market rose from 70%c
to 71%c and closed at 71V»c. News was very
bullish.- Minneapolis wired that there were
buyers for every car offered and there were pre
dictions of frost in ¦ the Northwest. The best
men were pronounced bulls, owing to the poor
returns from threshing in the. Northwest.
Wheat was well held and did not come out on
the soft spots. St. Louis advanced %c and re
ported indications of congestion there owing to
the' enormous long interest on September for
eign account. Foreign buying continued and
an advance was predicted.
This market was firm, with an advance . In
futures. ¦ ¦ '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@98%c; milling,
*1@1 02% per ctl. - ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Hocking Coal 18
International Paper..... 100 20% 20% 20%
Internafonal Paper pfd 74%
International Power 400 90% 90 90
Laclede Gas . s7
National Biscuit 300 41% 41 41
National Lead 2,500 .19% 19 19%
National Salt .. .... .... S3
National Salt pfd .' '.'.'.. '.'..'. 751,2
North American 200' 97 97- 97
Pacific Coast - 6°
Pacific Mail 3O o 40 37% .3S ¦
Peoples Gas 800 113% 113 113%
Pressed Steel' Car 400 42% 41% 4£Vi
Pressed Steel Car pfd.: 200 S4' / z 83 '84
Pullman Palace Car 204
Republic Steel 800 19% 18% 19
Republic Steel pfd 500 73% 73 73%
Su sar :.... n.oco 133U 131 i32Vi
Tenn Coal & Iron 400 68% 5S% .S9
Union Bag & Paper Co 14%
Union Bag & P Co pfd. ..... 70V*
United States Leather.. 3.2C0 1%\ 12% 13%
United States Leath pfd 3,700 80% ' 79 . 80%
United States Rubber :..: — 17V-
United States Rub pfd. 100 56 "56 55*
United States Steel .... 41,300 40% 39% 40*4
United States Steel pfd 21,500 90 89 S9?4
Western Union 2.600 90% 90 ' 90
314,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref Js reg 107% N Y Cent lsls 104%
U S ref 2s coup.... 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. .129
U S 3s reg 10SU|N Pacific Ss 72
U S 3s coup lOSVi'N Pacific 4s 103%
U S new 4s reg. ...137 N Y C & St L 4s..lO7U
U S new 4s coup.. 137 Nor'& W con 4s... 101
U S old 4s reg .113 Or Nav lsts. ..107V1
U S old 4s coup. ...313 Or Nav 4s lOIVi
U S 5s reg... :..107% Or Short Line 6s.. .129
U S £s coup 107% Or S Line con 5s. .117%
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124 Reading Gen 4s... „ 95
Atchison gen 4s.. ..103k R G Western lsts.100%
Atchison adj 4s 96 S~ L & I M con 5s. 116
Canada So 2ds ..110 S L & S F gen 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO6% St Paul" cons 173
Ch<s & Ohio 5s 120 S P C & P lsts...H3%
C & NW con 7s.. ..135% S P C <<fc P 5s 115%
C & NWSFdteb 5s. 122 So Pacific 4s 90=4
Chso Terminal 4s.. 93% So Railway rs 113V»
Colo Southern 4s... 86 Stand R & T 6s.... 57»->
D & R G 4s 101 Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie General 4s 85% Tex & Pac 2ds 103
F W & D C lsts,.. .104 . Union Pacific 4s... 104
Gen Electric 5s.. ..200 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% Wabash L'ds .". 110%
L & N Uni 4s 101» 8 West Shore 4s 112%
M K & T 2ds SO Wis Cent lsts 87%
M K & T 4s 97 Va Centuries 94V4
MINING STOCKS.
Adair.B Con .'?. 23 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 75
Greece 1 40 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.... 06 Potosi 04'
Con Cal & Va 1 SO Savage 02
Deadwood Terra — 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver : ...1 75 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 50 Standard 3 40
Leadville Con 05'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End "95%
Call loans 3%@4 Bonds-
Time loans 4@o Atchison 4s 102
Stocks— iN E G & Coke 5s. 53
Atchison 72 Mining shares
do prefd 92% Adventure 24
Am Sugar 132Vi . Bingrham Min Co.. 42
Am Telephone 153 Amalg Copper 111
Boston & Albany.. 256 Atlantic 35',*
Boston Elevated... ISO | Calumet & Hecla..73O
Boston & Maine... 192% Centennial 27-
Dom Coal 38 .Franklin 17%
do prefd 116 \ Humboldt 25
U S Steel 40% Osceola SC
do prefd 83'i Parrot !.O
Gen Electric 247 Quincy 170
do prefd 250 i Santa. Fe Copper.. 6
Mex Cent 22% Tamarack 340
N E G & Coke.... 6% Utah Mining 2SVi
Old Colony 20S p Winona 2%
Old Dominion ..... 23 Wolverines 62
Union Pacific...... 94"i
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New : York .Echange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
PLUMS- i -25@65c per box; Prunes, 50®65c per
crate; Green Gages, |20 per ton; Egg Plums,
PEACHES— 25@5Oc per box and 25@35c per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $3oo40
for Clings. ' ' .. _ .
NECTAKINES— White, 25@40c per box; Red,
40© 75c
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 per box for No. 1. 25®
73c for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— %Z@5 per chest for Long
worths and $4@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3*35 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb. ,,«,«.
FIGS— Black 50c per box for single ana *1 Z5
for double layers; White. 50c.
MELOXS-Nutmegs. 20@53c per box: Can
taloupes. 35c per half crate and o0c@$l 2o per
large crate; Watermelons. 8@25c apiece.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau " and Sweetwater, 60
@75c per box; Tokay, per craje; Muscats,
65ciR$l; Seedless, $1@1 25; Black Jocgjh
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 75®3 i<o: l*rci
ors, $15002 50 for common and $3 2o@4 25 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit, 50c@$l oO; Mexican
Limes, $7@7 50; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Fine
apples, $l~50@2 50 per dozen.
•WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 77 [Sprlnj Vallty. 85% S3
Marln County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... * 6 Pac Light .... — —
-F.rmltn.blo . 6hi. 5V- Sacramento .. — —
Miifiial 5'i — SFua £•.... *->"» *>»7m
U kCV\"::..51 smSanFran *Y, &
Pac Gas Imp. 42 44 Stktn G & E.. » —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 !
Amlo-Cal . — 81 ILP& A 155 160
CtfStaS? :.:.404 406 Uer Ex <llq>.. « -
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F Natlonal..l29% —
First Nat S F.305 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1900 Sav & Loan...^ - •
Su^ 1^:::^ = u^tW,;::™ -
San Francisco.530 - „._- .
STREET RAILROADS. .- . _ •>
California ....130 134 .O S L & H.... 40 -
Geary — 40 Presidio — «
Market 76% 78Vil
POWDER. '~ _
Giant... - 77%|Vlgorit * 3%
SUGAR.
Hainan-:::: J* <3 £»f= S &
Honokaa 15% 15% Onom« -
Hutchinson ... 16% - Paauhau 17% »
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fack..l30»il30% Oceanic SCo. — 60
Cal Fruit Can. 96% 97% Pac Aux F A. 3 —
Cal Wine Asn. - 100 Pac C Borax-lto -
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... ** ~
Morning Session.
Board — / . in ;
73 Equitable Gas i kn
125 Equitable Gas ° SJJ
50 Giant Powder Con iimt
5 Honokaa S Co ir rA
10 Hutchinson S P Co « j*{
30Makaweli S Co *u &u
50 S F Gas & Electric Co *~ ™
50 S F Gas & Electric Co «; ';>
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 11 -n
100 Spring Valley Water » >?
50 Spring Valley Water »» -»
55 Spring Valey Water • »« *>
$11,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 101 o0
»0C0 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 10- «-Vi
Street— ¦ inR M
$20,000 N P C R R 5s • 1D6 w
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 130 50
50 Hana Plantation Co •, ,? £»
1C0 Hcnokaa S Co " r?
125 Hutchinson S P Co....... 1<> $
.50 S F Gas & Electric Co J> W
5 S F Gas & Electric Co « 12%
80 S F Gas & Electric Co « io
110 S F Gas & Electric Co.. « .jO
J10.CCOS P of A bonds (1909).... H- £
IICOO Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 102 62%
Street — ... ,«»
12 Bank of California .•••-••• ?* <~
$4000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 106 -»
$4000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 101 ->0
THE SAN FKAISCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
• CHICAGO, Aug. 7.— Opening trades In wheat
•were unimportant, September Belling.' a shade
to H@Vic lower at 70@€9%c under the Influence
of easy cables.. Buying for a prominent oper
ator started a rally, -which * was helped 1 along
later by heavy' seaboard clearances, a predic
tion of . froct In the spring .wheat country. and
liberal fresh export sales., The bull ; side ac
cumulated converts as s the. session .progressed
Chicago Grain Market.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
8
STATIONS. 3 rsrs^d £, :S
Astoria 30.10 €2 50 XW Pt Cldy .00
Baktr 29. 8S 81 66 N Cloudy T.
Carbon 23.88 Si 60 \V Clear .00
Eureka 33.02 t/t 54 SW Clear .00
Fresno 29.82 100 74 N\V Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.91 S2 54 W Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello, Idaho. 23.76 KS 6S SE Pt Oldy .02
IcliT-endenoe ....23.72 Bl 64 SE Clear .<i)
Los Angeles 29. «S 8« 62 W Clear .00
ri.oenix 2' J .6S !<•$ S2 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.02 72 €0 S ft Cldy .01
Red Bluff 2). 82 *S 73 SE Clear .00
Hosfbur? *. .23.55 7S 61 N'W Pt Cldy .46
Pacramento *>.?S M t.O SW Clear 01
Salt Lake 2?.M BS Cl \V Clear .01
fan Francisco an.00 62 ES \V Clear - T.
San Luis Oblfpo.SO.Ort 74 &8 W Clear 00
San Diego S&.90 72 61 XW Clear .00
Seattle M.CJ 72 51 S Clear .00
Spokane 2?.H2 54 5S SV\* Cloudy .00
ICeah Bay 4 s
Walla Walla 23.98 S8 68 S Rain T."
TVinr.eniucca 23. S5 U 61 W Cloudy .25
Yuma 2S.C8 1CS 78 SW Clear .00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AMD GENERAL
STATIONS. 3 rsrs^d £, :S
Astoria 30.10 €2 50 XW Pt Cldy .00
Baktr 29. 8S 81 66 N Cloudy T.
Carbon 23.88 Si 60 \V Clear .00
Eureka 33.02 t/t 54 SW Clear .00
Fresno 29.82 100 74 N\V Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.91 S2 54 W Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello, Idaho. 23.76 KS 6S SE Pt Oldy .02
IcliT-endenoe ....23.72 Bl 64 SE Clear .<i)
Los Angeles 29. «S 8« 62 W Clear .00
ri.oenix 2' J .6S !<•$ S2 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.02 72 €0 S ft Cldy .01
Red Bluff 2). 82 *S 73 SE Clear .00
Hosfbur? *. .23.55 7S 61 N'W Pt Cldy .46
Pacramento *>.?S M t.O SW Clear 01
Salt Lake 2?.M BS Cl \V Clear .01
fan Francisco an.00 62 ES \V Clear - T.
San Luis Oblfpo.SO.Ort 74 &8 W Clear 00
San Diego S&.90 72 61 XW Clear .00
Seattle M.CJ 72 51 S Clear .00
Spokane 2?.H2 54 5S SV\* Cloudy .00
ICeah Bay 4 s
Walla Walla 23.98 S8 68 S Rain T."
TVinr.eniucca 23. S5 U 61 W Cloudy .25
Yuma 2S.C8 1CS 78 SW Clear .00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AMD GENERALFranchise assessment of the
Contra Costa "Water Company to
be cut nearly $1,000,000 in the city
of Oakland.
Property valuations of the city
of Oakland to be raised nearly $1,
000,000 to make up for the. cut in
Contra Costa.
WHAT IS YET TO COME.
Contra Costa Water Company
burns its books.
.'Company sues the city of Oak
land to force it to fix, water rates
upon a valuation of 58,000,000.
Judge Hart is imported from
Sacramento to try the case.
Judge Hart fixes value of the
Contra Costa Water Company at
$7,000,000, upon which the city of
Oakland must pay water rates.
Possession of the City Council is
secured.
City Council fixes water rates in
compliance with Judge Hart's'de
cision.
Alameda County Supervisors cut
assessment of Contra Costa Water
Company's franchise nearly $1,500,
000. " ' -
SOME PHASES
OF WATER COM
PANY TROUBLES
But within the past few years a new in
terest has been taken In that section of
Ponoma County near the Russian River.
Over 2<v) families have built inexpensive
summer homes there and the number la
constantly increasing. The future pros
pects for the road on that account war
rant the improvements for which prepara
tions are now under way. With the open
ing of next season the public may look
for improved service to Cazadero and all
way stations. The policy of the road is
tojnerease the facilities just as fast as
the public flfmand •warrants.
This section of country •when the road
was first built was a great freight pro
ducer, shipping large quantities of grain,
potatoes and other agricultural products
to the metropolis. But changes in crops
to dairying and the working out of the
great timber tracts deprived the road of
Its freight traffic, and. while in former
years it was customary to see loaded
freight trains moving Bouth and empty
cars northward every day in the week.
now the freight business has fallen off to
one freight train that goes up the road
one day and comes back the next.
For the past year the North Pacific
Coast Railroad nas been Improving its
roadbed between Sausalito and San Ra
fael and double-tracking the road between
Corte Madera and San Anselmo. On the
main line between San Anselmo and Caz
edero bridge builders have been employed
on all the high trestles and smaller
bridges. All old timbers have been re
moved and new ones substituted, so that
all crossings are now in first-class shape.
Only & few years ago the old rails, which
were of light weight, were taken up be
tween San Anseimo and Point Reyes and
new ties and rails put down. The com
pany is preparing to put down new rails
beyond Point Reyes all the way to Caza
<Jero.
Contemplated.
and Better Line to San Rafael
New Double Track to San Anselmo
PACIFIC COAST ROAD
MAKES IMPROVEMENTS
There is very strong feeling against the
new ordinance, and since the Tuttle case
has come out many persons declare they
will cause its repeal If they have to take
it to the Supreme Court. According to its
provisions everything is closed except liv
ery stables, transfer and news agencies.
restaurants during specified hours and
drugstores for the sale of drugs-only. No
milk, ice or bakery wagons are allowed
to run. and pr?at inconvenience is there
by occasioned.
Tuttle is th? proprietor of the largest
drugstore in town, and was arrested to
day on a charge of selling other things
besides drugs on Sunday. He pleaded
guilty and paid his line •without demur.
According to Ms own statement a man
came into his store Sunday morning to
buy a hairbrush, saying that he and his
¦w-if* arrived here late Saturday night and
found they had forgotten a brush. Tut
tle. believing the case to be urgent, sold
the brush.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 7.— There is
much excitement here over the breaking
of the recently enacted absolute Sunday
closing ordinance by City Councilman C.
K. Tuttle. The fact that he was the
prime mover in the passage of the meas
ure and is the first to break it only adds
more interest to the case.
Pacific Grove Council
man Violates a New
Ordinance.
BREAKS A LAW
WITH A BRUSH
First the captain tried to beach the ves
sel with assistance from shore, but the
wln.l drove the burnirg craft off shore.
Fmoke and flames were mounting high in
the rigging and soon the flames spread
below and the heat was so intense that
it was impossible to even stand on deck.
Finally the captain decided that the battle
was useless and the vessel was deserted,
all the crew rowing ashore.
The burning vessel with its furnace of
flame was a grand spectacle from shore
ar.d was seen Ly many people. The Em
pire was owned by J. J. Moore of San
Francisco.
Two days later It was discovered that
her cargo was on fire, and despite all ef
fors made lo que'.l it the bark
nurned to the water's edge a short dis
tance from shore and everything was
lost. The fire was first noticed in the
efterpart of the vessel, but burned so fast
that the captain and crew could not go
below to investigate. Captain Knack at
once sent his wife to another vessel at
anchor, and all hands began to fight to
put out the fire.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 7.— News was
received by the steamer Moana. which ar
rived to-night, of the destruction by fire
pf the American bark Empire off Mahu
kona, Hawaii. She arrived at Mahukona
on the 24th of July after a voyage of sev
enty-three days from Newcastle with a
cargo of coal.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
Flames Start in Cargo and
Vessel Is Burned to
the Water.
American Bark Empire
Makes a Blaze Off
Hawaii
FIRE DRIVES
CREW ASHORE
BERLIN. Aug. 7.— The Berliner Tage
blatt announces that "Wllhelm Meyerbach.
its correspondent with the Boers, has
been arrested by the British on a charge
of espionage. \
Correspondent Arrested as a Spy.
All the warehouses are on the Oregon
Railway and ¦ Navigation Company's sys
tem, except the last named, which is 'on
the Northern Pacific, nine miles south of
Pullman. All are in Whitman County ex
cept the first n.amed, which is in Moscow,
Idaho, one mile from the State line. The
warehouse at Wawawai is in reality two
houses connected with a tramway 9000
feet in length, one warehouse being at
the top of the bluff overlooking Snake
River, 4500 feet above the other ware
house, which Is on the river bank and
from which the grain is- to be loaded on
Oregon Railway and Navigation steam
boats. The price paid is said to be $30,000.
The , new firm assumes control of the
warehouses immediately and will handle
this season's crop.
country to Balf our, Guthrie & Co. of San
Francisco and Liverpool. ¦ The sale. In
cludes sixteen warehouses located as fol
lows: Moscow, . Idaho; Pullman, Guy,
Riverside. Colfax, Mockenemo, Diamond,
Lees Siding, Endicott. Meeker, St. John,
Sunset, Glenwqod, Elberton, Wawawai
and Granite Point.
Calle- — Now. my little man, what la
your parents' genealogical chart for?
Bright Boy— To hide a tear In the parlor
paper, sir.
On the same date It la said the offices
of the two companies* at Seattle and Ta
coma will be consolidated in each place.
This consolidation will be effected by put
ting all the business of both lines in that
field in the hands of the present Oregon
Railroad and Navigation agent, who iv1U
thereafter represent the Interests of the
Harriman group and not merely the sep
arate Union Pacific. Wherever known
this announcement Is Interpreted as a pro
cursor of consolidation of the general offi
ces In Portland. The impression is strong 1
that- General Freight and Passenger
Agent Markham of the Southern Pacific
will be made general freight agent of tho
combined interests and that Traffic Man
ager Campbell and General Passenger
Agent Craig of the O. R. and N. will hold
the same offices In the consolidation. Thus
the traffic staff will be Campbell. Mark
ham and Craig and they will have charga
of the O. R. and N. and Oregon and Cal
ifornia business. No date is yet set for
this merger of general offices, but it is
believed that It will not be postponed be
yond the first of the coming year.
PORTLAND. Aug. 7.— The Oregonian
to-morrow will say: Another step In rail
road - consolidation is reported to take
place In Portland, Tacoma and Seattle on
the first of September. This will be no
less than the consolidation of the city
office of the "Union Pacific (O. R. and N.)
and the Southern Pacific. The general
offices of the two companies in Portland,
are not yet to be disturbed. V. A. Schil
ling will be the agent and he will be as
sisted by C. "W. Stinger and J. L. Sllpp
from, the Southern Pacific office. Agent
B. J. Kirkland of the Southern Pacific,
It is understood, will be taken care of
elsewhere. v
Will Have New northern Busi
; v^v ness Centers. . v 7:
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific
BATIBOAD OFFICES
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
MARTINEZ, Aug. 7.— An Italian fisher
man whose name and whereabouts are
unknown shot and nearly killed Captain,
Olsen, the skipper of the schooner Nettie.
In Suisun Bay this afternoon. Although
the mariner will recover from the num
erous wounds he received, the sight oC
his left eye is endangered and one of his
arms is so riddled, with buckshot that ho
may not be able to use it again.
The shooting was the result of Olsen*3
unintentional interference with the Ital
ian's fishing net. The schooner became
entangled in it and the Italian rebuked
the skipper. For a few minutes there
were warm ¦words between the men. Th.e»
verbal controversy culminated when tho
Italian raised a shotgun and opened fir©
on the captain of the schooner. The first
charge of shot struck Olsen in the face.
A second charge of shot caught him in
the arm and disabled that member.
Satisfied that he had wrought sufficient
damage or possibly fearful that Olsen's
friends would retaliate with weapons, the>
Italian made off in his boat and has not
been eeen. since. Olsen was sent to San
Francisco to have hla wounds dressed.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call. ¦
Fisherman in Suisun Bay-
Nearly Commits a
Murder.
TURNS A GUN
ON A SKIPPER
The Pittsburgers who are conducting
negotiations are President James A.
Chambers and Vice President M. K. Mul
len of the American "Window Glass Com
pany. They left this city for Europe
about ten days ago.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 7.— The Times to
morrow will say: Another vast indus
trial combination, one of the greatest
that has ever been planned, 13 evidently
under way, and two prominent Plttsburg
ers are taking a leading part in the con
summation of the project, that has for
its object the world's supply of windefw
glass by one corporation.
. The proposed combination Is to take in
all of the window glass manufactories of
the world, and if effected* the business
will be conducted from Pittsburg. as the
nucleus of the organization Is the Ameri
can Window Glass Company of this city.
This company practically controls the
window glass business of the United
States and the only factories in Europe
that amount to anything are located in,
Belgium. f ¦ .
A combination of these, judging from
the Item - from Brussels, is now under
way. and as one of the men. whorls ac
credited with being one of PittsDurg'a
leading financiers, is one who has par
ticipated successfully in previous deals
of a like nature, it la safe to assume
that the present one will be consum
mated.
Two Financiers of Pittsburg
Are at the Head of the
Combination r Will Em
brace All the Facto
ries of the World.
WINDOW GLASS
TRUST FORMING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, (THURSDAY, "AUGUST 8, 1901.
Drum, Loreta Kelley, Daniel E. Martin, H. R.
Havens, A. H. Russell, Emil Bluming, Mary
Vinest. the F. Galindo Estate. Martin Ryan,
M. Lonjre. Hettie 'P. Henshaw, E. ¦ M. Brown..
\W R. . Foye. Henry Evers, O. Lamarche, P.
Bocquerez, Albert Kayser. J. Barrett, J. D.
Halsted, E. C. Farnum, E. Remillard, A. H.
Morris, O. R. Smith and J. J. Shoo.
The third district that was created is
bounded by Fourteenth. Seventeenth and
Clay streets and San Pablo avenue, and
the following named residents within it
must appear before the board on August
13:
Thomas E. Hanson, C. R. Lewis, Martin M.
Dunn, Charles Camdon, George C. . Pardee,
Maria Vlard, Charles Jurgens. T. Harding,
estate of E. W. Playter, Emily S. Pardee,
Frank O. Dunn, Annie B. Bnshell, S. H. Pal
mer. Martin V. Sparks. Nellie L. Edwards. J.
Faure, A." S. Macdonald. fJ. and J. Scott. Mrs.
Henrietta and Sylvester Clark, Jacob Werner,
James Prespo, Claus B. Tackle. Margaret Hart,
Central Bank, the Real Estate Combine, Alice
F. Blake. James Moffitt. H. F. Wltcher. John
R. Spring:. Bacon I.anrl and Loan Company.
Olive E. Stevens and Amelia E. Stevens.
The Council has secured Information to
show that in the territory bounded by
the water front. Fourteenth street and
from the Lake Merritt arm to Market
street, there are several pieces of prorj
erty that are not assessed. as high as the
mortgages upon them. It is now pro
posed to raise these pieces of property to
the face of the mortsaires at least. It is
estimated that $250.0(10 can be added to the
assessment roll by this move. These par
ties will have to appear on August 12:
Mortgagees— F. W. Schultz, Thomas D. Rlor
dan. Remillard Brick Company. Pacific Surety
Company. Thomas Mehan, Henry Busing. John
McRae, Catherine Manchester. F. Ries, Equity
Building and Loan Association, Hlbernia Sav
ings and Loan Association, A. H. Hitchcock,
L. C. and L. S. "Holcomb, Henry Hayes, Edna
J. ¦ Aiken, Augusta Simons. .Ella Clunie.' G.
Rosenck, Mao B. 'Waserwitz. . Oakland Bank
of Savings; Mary Keenan, Elizabeth Moon, H.
C. Morrison, Union Savings Bank, I. L. Requa,
W. S. Kej'fts, N. J. Stiles, J. West Martin
Estate. D. Edward "Collins, H. L. Tanner, L.
L. Solomons. A. Craig. Katherine Brown.
Edith M. Able. A. Lynde, Husband & Brooks,
Elizabeth Mild, 'J.^ Mosbeck, Mary E. Powell,
German Savings and* Loan Society,' Minna I.
Thome, F. H. Gray, Lowell J. Hardy, W. G.
Henshaw, Humboldt Savings and Loan Society,
Union National Bank. J. V. Harris. G. San
derson. 'Marie HUlegass. C. "W. Gibson, G. W.
Hazeltine. H. C. Campbell. Thomas Smith,
Dora B. Hubbard, Sarah M. Dunning, Louise
Nordhausen, T. L. Barker, W. J. Dingee.
Francis L.. Berteline, H. B. Houghton and, P.
Bocqueraz. ¦¦ ".
¦ Mortgagors— Knisht & I^lttlefletd,', Pacific
Coast Lumber and Mill Company. Elizabeth
McNeill.- Cella Callihan. Margaret AIcI<auf?hlln;
LcnaChrtster.Ben, T. M. Anthony, I. Cress
well; Ingler. Atkinson &"Younfr,- J. M. Haven,
Sarah J. ; Richardson; Fred Becker, Paul M.
Barker, Germania Hall Association. L.Rlngrol
sky, John Allman Kstate. Methodist Episcopal
Church Extension Society, Mrs. F. H. Kelly.
A. C. Henry. Charles McCleverty Estate. W.
C. Pond. Anna M. I Johnson, Salvation Array
of New Tork, Charles L. Stanley. A. C. Beck,'
George H. Barrett, W. D. English. F. Sen
ram, The Ainsworth Company, Blanche I.
Sherman. Mrs. M. F. E. Farren. George T.
Hawley (trustee). J. ¦ V. and J. W. Harris, F.
H. Rice. , D. Huslngr. • A. C. DIetz, Margaret
Wy the, Louise' Heeseman. Theodore Gier. Lucy
P. and- A. E. Lohse, Marie La Flache, Joseph
ine E. Brown, Mary I. Meyers, Anna M. Rob
inson. Joseph Hutchinson. Marie I. Stone, ; H.
A. ' Powell, Henrietta J. Levy. First ¦ Swedish
Lutheran St. Paul's Church. -W. R. Thomas.
Hook Brothers, • Mary E. Breck. -Mary Mc-
Cutchen, George Hallahan, Josephine L.
Girard. John R. Glaseock, Mary Gilbert, Kate
Skinner. Hattie - Chamberlain. Loraine Pam
mey. Marc Reading. : Mary Kelley, Josephine
B. Healy, Selesta' Seerlng, Morris ."Wint. .R.
B. Melouolwi. Joseph Harris, Kahn. Brothers,
Ida C. Kelsey, J, H.- and A. S. McDonald. V.
P. Mitchells and .L. ,M. Cobbledlck.
SAN FRANCISCO FIRM .
• { BUYS THE WAREHOUSES
Balf our, Guthrie & Co. Make a Large
Deal in Wa shington Grain
District.
SPOKANE;. Aug. : 7.— At Colfax to-day
a deal was consummated by, which Aaron
Kuhn, : the largest individual grain dealer
and .warehouse proprietor' in ; the.Stkte,
dispoBed of his warehouses in the Palduse
There is another side to this reduction.
It is ths question of revenue. .
The city of Oakland Is always "hard
up " Holes begin to make their appear
ance in the financial garments of the city
about three or four months before the end
of each fiscal year. Then a great "to do"
is made about a deficit. and all salaries
are carried over Into the next year and
no deficit occurs. But under this system
Oakland always starts • each fiscal year
with a deficit in the shape of three
months' salaries that have been carried
over.
Oakland started this year just as it al
ways does, with three months' salaries
to the bad. The City Council knows this.
It also knows that the annual revenue
of the city of Oakland is scarcely more
than eufflcient to maintain the city with
out an inheritance of debt from the year
Then Ihe specter of the high water
rates loomed up before them, for the
water bills of the city for municipal pur
poses will be nearly double those of last
year. The hydrant bills, which form the
A Question of Revenue.
Then the frost became evident, for with
five votes to reduce Councilman Wixson
declined to vote with his colleagues, ask
ing for more time to consider. But as he
would not vote for the resolution, he
would not vote against it. and so the res
olution failed for want of votes enough.
There "were 'mt three votes against it,
those of Dornin, Wallace and Fitzgerald,
and two were absent, Cuvellier and Ruch.
Cuvellier is sick and would have voted
with the minority. Ruch has been voting
with the majority of late when it is neces-
Bary and the course of his vote in this
matter is being watched with interest.
But tho possibilities of this reduction
are not dead yet. The reduction was once
refused by the Supervisors, but enough
votes \ftere afterward secured to cause a
reconsideration and the cut was made, so
that hope has not been abandoned as to
the Council. The matter will come up
again to-morrow night and it is confident
ly asserted that either Wixeon or Ruch
will vote with Bishop. Boyer, Bon. Court
ney and Schaffer to make the reduction.
Wixson Wanted Time.
President Louis Schaffer. who is wise
In his day and generation, saw that some
thing had gone wrong, and when Council
man Bon and Councilman Courtney want
ed to make motions to reduce the assess
ment he ruled them out of order. They
did not take the hint, and Councilman
Courtney rushed to the front with a reso
lution to reduce the assessment as had
been done by the County Supervisors.
This caused embarrassment in the Coun
cil, for City Attorney Johnson is the legal
adviser of that body. It is true that Emil
Nusbaumer, attorney for the Contra Cos
ta Water Company, did not agree with
Mr. Johnson, and said so in extenso, but
that did not help matters very much, for
Mr. Nusbaumer represented "the corpora
tion and Mr. Johnson represented the city,
and that is what is reputed to have
chilled Councilman Wlxson's feet.
talked right out in meeting and said that
the franchise of the Centra Costa Water
Company was a thing of value and that it
was assessabl3, and that it should be as
sessed in Oakland and not in San Fran
cisco. The City Attorney supported his
statements with a lot of law that was
very dry and which few understood, but
when It came to his final resume of "the
situation he said positively that his con
clusions were that the franchise of the
Contra Costa Water Company should be
assessed, and should be assessed right in
Oakland.
Ernestine Delger, J. C. Westphal,' "William
T. Hamilton. 'Harold t». Martin, president of
the Theological Seminary, Joseph . Boardman,
William Clift, J. and H. Abrahamson, Mary
Canning, Edson <f . Adams, A. Moller, C.
Bechtel. Emily S. Pardee, Kahn Brothers, B.
Leary. Bacon Land and Loan Company. - M.
H. and ¦ M. ' M. Murphy, the Alnsworth Com
pany,. M. V. Sparks, , James Eva Estate Com
pany, A. Brown, F. G. Drum, Henry Seven
ing. H. Adrian. I. A. Baldwin. Joseph Lan
caster." L.. Trowbrid ere. M. Brown, ' A. C. Hent-'
ly. the John Nicholl Company, "W. G. I Wltten,
M. A. Goodlngr, A. < M. Snyder, L; w. Moffltt,
M. E. Martin, E. Hindman. M. Reading, F.
K. Shattuck. A. Mockler, Central Pacific Rail
road Company, E. Newland. M. Newland.
Theodore Gter, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, E. , L.
Hutchinson, A. N. . Wachs, S. K. McLean. R.
S. Farrelly, E. R. Tutt.,J. T. Moran. J. E.
Estale, Sunset Telephone and Telegraph , Com
pany, E. Vrooman, , Grove Investment Com
pany, Oakland Masonic , : Temple Association,
Young: Men's ' Christian Association. E. M.
Havens, William R. David. J. : H. Nash, E. J.
Russell, C. Rowe, L. M. B. Edwards, G. H.
Collins. Paul , Eppinger. , M. 8. Rudolph, - E. J.
Tennon. A. 'A. Kennedy, V. D. ¦ Moody. • W. H. -
Rouse, the Salvation Army, C. • W.\ Bursars,
A: Wilson,^ John Simon, J. T. Qulgley, J. . 8.
Seulberger, O. M. Ktmball. ' L. ' H. Briggfl, : E.
M. Havens,- Mrs. M. K... Blake,- J.' A. Nash,
L D. '•Brown,. E. ' M. Read, ; J. F." Woodward.
M. S. ¦ Rudolph, E.. J. ¦ Fennon," George- Ellis;
A.". Ellis." 8. Bearing-, M. Borland. Anna John
son.-C. M. Kielebersr. E. Henshaw, J. Barrett.
J. McElroy. 8. J. Fearn, Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company, Inez , Demmlng, F. G.'
1 Here is a list of the property owners af
fected, who have been cited to appear to
morrow night with the WaBhington-street
property, owners:' • ,-
Following the. creation of this district
there, was another, the property owners
in'which were cited. •> This second district
is'cociposed of the side streets from Sev
enthtito/ Fourteenth, inclusive, running
fromiBroadway to Clay street.
Benjamin Ide "Wheeler, trustee of the Sather
property on the corner of Fourth street, for
the University of California; Harriet "W.
Blake, Mary Matthews. George Uhl. J. C.
Westphal. Harrold C. Martin, Joseph Board
man, .T. T. Moran, Grove Investment Cbmpany,
Masonic Temple Association, John A; Beck
wlth (president). J. and H. > , Abrahamson,
Thomas Crellin. H. Kahn, Mr3. M. K. Blake,
William R. Davis, Bacon Land and Loan
Company. Henrietta < Levy, ; F. W. Schutz.
Henry Sevenine. F. Or. Drum. Arthur Brown,
Mary E. Dewlnfr. Isabella A. Baldwin, V. D.
Moody, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,
Joseph Boyd. The John Nicholl Company, Ann
Reier. A. . M. ' Snyder, T. W. Corder, Paul
Schlntzhauer. , O. Lamarche. Henry Ever*.' R.
S. Foye. Kletta M. Brown. • A. Michel. P.
Bocoueraz, E. and R. Hancock, Edward New
lands and L..- Campbell. ¦-
This list is composed of the following
named: ¦ . ?•¦
Property-Owners Who Are Cited.
The first district comprises the property
owners on each ride of Washington street
from Seventh to Fourteenth street. The
property owners who are affected in this
district must appear to-morrow night be
fore the Council sitting as a Board of
Equalization.
The Council, for the purpose of this in
crease in the assessment roll, created
three districts in which it is proposed to
raise the value of the real estate, and one
district in which it is proposed to raise
the assessments upon mortgages to the
faces of the mortgages.
iUp to the present time it has been a
question that affected the people at large
and the people at large seldom protest,
for what is everybody's business is no
body's business. But when it becomes a
question that- involves individuals there
•will be a great, big, generous, whole
souled objection, and that objection will
be registered to-morrow night when the
property owners along Washington street
will have to come forward and show
cause why their assessments should not
be raised so that revenue sufficient to
supply the deficiency made by the pro
posed Contra Costa reduction can be met.
Water Company fixes water rates or the
City Council fixes revenue, or both. It
only becomes a question of how much
they have to pay the piper.
Judge Hart pave the water rates a. lift
on one side by his decision, and now- the
City Council is going to give the other
side a lift and give the taxes a boost.
These little matters of revenue and
rates all get right back to | the people,
who have to pay the piper no matter
whether it is because the Contra Costa
People Must Pay Piper.
Now it is "up to" the Council to do like
wise, and great surprise has been ex
pressed in many- quarters over the fact
that there should have been any hitch
last night. That hitch was due entirely
to the decided stand that City Attorney
James A. Johnson took, which rather
staggered the Council.
But between July 19 and July 23 Super
visors Horner and Rowe discovered that
it would be better to reduce^the assess
ment upon the franchise than to reduce
it upon the real property and took the
ground that the company would fight the
assessment and stood a better chance of
knocking out the assessment upon the
franchise than that* upon the- real prop
erty. So on July 23 things were, restored
to the harmony of their successful - way
and Supervisors Horner and Rowe voted
with Church and reduced the franchise
.valuations from $1,450,000 to $9000. .
It is true that there was threatened a
slight hitch before the Board of Supervi
sors. When it came to a vote upon tho
reduction of the assessment upon the
Contra Costa "Water Company's franchise
before that body on July 19. Supervisors
Horner, Rowe, Talcott and Mitchell voted
against reduction, while Supervisor
Church stood alone for cutting the valua
tion. -.-•-..
Supervisors Changed Minds.
The City Council has fixed water rates
based upon this decision of the Sacramen
to jurist.
Judge Hart fixed the valuation of the
Contra Costa Water Company at a most
satisfactory figure, and the burned books
could not be brought into court to show
what the plant 'cost. . :
Up to the present time it has been very
plain sailing for the City Council and the
Contra Costa Water Company.
Nothing remains of the burned books
but the smoke.
So it has been decided that the property
assessments in the center'of Oakland will
be increased about a million, and the
Council, sitting in its capacity as a Board
of Eawalization. has issued a series of
citations to property owners to come be
fore them and show why their assess
ments should not be raised. The first of
these citations are returnable to-morrow
evening, and then the troubles of the City
Equalizers •will begin.
It is argued, and this argument was ad
vanced last night by Councilman Boyer
at the meeting of the Council, sitting as a.
Board of Equalization, that the people
would have to pay the taxes of the Con
tra Costa Water Company anyway, under
Judge Hart's decision. While this is true
it becomes a question of revenue for the
city. It is money that is needed no mat
ter from what sources the money comes,
whether the people pay it through the
Contra Costa Water Company or whether
the property valuations are increased and
thev, are made to pay it in that way. So
if the Contra Costa Water Company's as
sessment is reduced a million of dollars
somewhere about the city that million will
have to be made up or Oakland will never
b*» ab1» to make both ends meet this year.
Must Make Up Deficit.
largest Item of municipal water expendi
ture, will be double those of last ¦'•ear.
In the face of this the City Council Is
pledged to municipal improvements.
It ¦was a gloomy outlook for the munic
ipal Improvements and those Jn the Coun
cil who could see into the future saw only
a struggle for revenue with which to keep
the city going and put on a few patches
where it was breaking: out at the elbows
and running down at the heel.
Then came the proposition to reduce the
assessment of the Contra Costa Water
Company. The financiers of the Council
s=aw that to do that would mean a decided
reduction in the revenues of the city that
were already too small. Something had
to be done to fill the vacancy that was to
be caused, and so the scheme of increas
ing the values of the property of the city
was advanced.
ONE MEMBER OF THE OAKLAND.CITT COUNCIL WHOSE VOTE IS RECORDED AGAINST THE RESOLUTION
* TO LOWER THE FRANCHISE*ASSESSMENT OF THE CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY AND SIX OTHERS
WHO. IT IS SAID, WILL VOTE TO SAVE TO THE CORPORATION TAXES ON NEARLY Jl.000,030.
CITIZENS WILL BE CALLED UPON TO PAY TAXES
THAT SHOULD COME FROM WATER CORPORATION
Oakland Council Purposes 1 Lowering the Contra ;Costar Company
Assessment Nearly $1,000,000 and 'Raising Assessments of .Indiyidualsa
Like Sum to Prevent Deficiency in the Budget That \Vould Other\vise Result
ties last night, or if Councilman
Andrew Ruch had been present, or if City
Attorney Johnson had not been so posi
tive in his opinions and statements, the
proposed cut in the franchise assessment
of the Contra Costa Water Company
would have been made, and nothing would
have remained to be done except raise the
property assessments of the business por
tion of tho city of Oakland In a sufficient
amount to supply the revenue that will be
lost by the reduction of the assessment
of the water corporation.
But City Attorney James A. Johnson
OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— If Councilman
J. S. Wixson of the Second Ward
had not been suddenly stricken
with a chill of the pedal extremi-
9
GEAPE-NXJTS.
Both Grape-Nuts and Postum contain
certain elements that ar« of great value
In rebuilding the human body.
The above is from a Pullman Palace
Car man who starts out by saying that
"Grape-Nuts are fine with cream, but let
me tell you what to do when the old cow
goes dry." We would further suggest
that persons who have trouble in digest-
Ing coffee, use Postum Food Coffee for
the morning meal and try the Grape-
Nuts with It Instead of with ordinary
coffee.
"In the morning:, when you don't have
very much of an appetite. Just fill your
coffee cup about one-third full of Grape-
Nuts, then fill up with hot coffee, sweeten
to taste, stir well and let settle. Now try
your coffee. Why. man. it will make your
hair curl. After drinking your coffee, add
a little more*sugar and eat your Grape-
Nuts with a spoon, and my word for it
you •will feel like a fighting: cock untif
dinner time. If you never have, and want
something: good, try It once."
Rheumatism is due to an excess of acid in the r-^S^iv' /^^ r/j !/ V;
blood. When this escapes through the pores of the fi&j&'va Wl
skin, as it often does, it produces some form of skin * [{{/T l_J
eruption— some itching disease like Eczema or V^aT^S rk^" '•'
Tetter — but when these little tubes or sweat glands >Srt"\ | K^MSv '
are suddenly closed by exposure to'cold and sudden . jp£vi& 0* 2k v%J^s?§^ '
chilling of the body, then the poisons thrown off by >W^Jki£-~~3 rghx-. vft&
the blood, finding no outlet, settle in membranes, '.w*^ '-' ~&gzr i -'
muscles, tissues and nerves. These parts become greatly inflamed, feverish and
hot ; dagger-like, maddening pains follow in quick succession, the muscles become
extremely tender, the nerves break down and the sufferer is soon reduced to a state j
of helplessness and misery. This acid poison penetrates the joints and seems to
dry out the natural oils, and the legs, arms and fingera become so stiff and sore
that eve./ movement is attended with excruciating^ pains.
Liniments, plasters, electricity and baths, while their use may give temporary
ease, cannot be called cures, for the disease returns with every change of the weather.
;;'» S. S. S. cures Rheumatism by
' " Three years ago I bad a severe attack of ¥ -working a complete change in
la grrippe, which left me almost a physical the blood ; the acids are neutral-
wreck. To add to my wretched condition, a the circulation purified and .
severe form, of Rheumatism developed. I *t,_ _i«t, v^ul_ vr~^i ?*,,.«¦ to
tried all the physicians in our city, but none the P^l blood that Is «
of them could do me any permanent good. I carried to the irritated^ aching
•used all the rheumatic) euros I could hear of, muscles and joints, sootnes ana
but received no benefit. After beginning S. S. < heals them. S. S. S. cures Rheu-
S. I was relieved of the pains and have gained matism even when inherited or
in flesh and streny tb. and my general health brought on by the excessive use
la better than for years. I consider S. S. S. n e Jf P rmrv nninm in «mn*»
the grandest blood medicine in the world, 2L? < 4^ r ; t,££"5?\, SrW^?
and heartily recommend it to any one seek- form, is the basis of nearly all
ing relief from the tortures of Khenmatism. so-called Rheumatic Cures,
B. 1\ GREGORY, Union, S. C." which deaden the pain but do
not touch the disease and lead
to ruinous habits. . Alkalies and the potash and mineral remedies so often pre-
scribed, affect the tender lining of the stomach and weaken the digestion, thus
• adding another burden to the already weak and impoverished blood. S. S. S. con-
tains no mineral or dangerous drug of any kind, but is a simple, vegetable
; remedy and the most pferfect blood purifier known. Send for our book on Rheu-
matism and write our physicians if you wish any information or advice. We would
be glad to mail you a book free ; we charge nothing whatever for medical adviccw
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA. OA.
I A Pullman
Palace Car Man
1 . . ON . .
| GRAPE-NUTS
2 (See below.) \THE SAN FRANC1SCU CALL. TMUKSDAY, AUGUST 8; 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT; WASTED— MALE. ,
SALESMAN or cashier; nights from 7 - till - 12, ¦
except Saturday night, 10 till later, by young !
man; good reference*^ • Box 4634, Call office.
YOUNG, single man wishes any kind of work. I
Address box 4532, Call office. '- . . v ¦
CUTTER on custom trousers wants position, j
Address J. WISE, 67 Rausch . st. |
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan- |
dinavian on city or . country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 4502, Call office. ,
COMPETENT nurseryman, orchardist and gar-
dener desires situation; wages reasonable.
Box 4617. Call office. .
BARKEEPER— Position wanted by young man,
_ flrst-class.' long hotel . experience ; city, coun-
try or steamer. Box 4621, . Call office. ' :
FIRST-CLASS chef would like position in res-
taurant or lunch house. Address box 4622,
(Call office. V
SITUATION wanted as watchman or Janitor.
• Address box 4533, Call office. ¦ |*i
GOOD German cook wishes a position in res-
taurant or hotel. Address 2046 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED Japanese gardener wants sit-
uation to do milking and take care of horse;
strong boy; city or country. Address T. T.,-
1 Eddy place.
YOUNG Chinaman wishes position as cook,,
waiter or footman ; wages $30 to ?40 up.* Call ,
or addrees L. J. HOWE, 622 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as waiter on
table; city or county. HOMA. 1010 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei\ed at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmare st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
RENOVATED.^
FEATHER plllows"^mattreMeTsteamed. reno-
vated.,E.J.O'Rourke.lS93 Valencia :tel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coasc Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placinif stocks and bonds; , companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. - S07-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick ats.—
Fine new sunny fiats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
$11— FLAT 4 rooms, bath. 14V4 Bruce place, off
Folsom st., between Seventh and Eighth; no
children. -
A— COZY 4-room, clean, sunny flat.' 43 Julian
ave., near Fourteenth st. -
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, "basement; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY flat of C rooms and bath. Corner Mar-
¦ ket and Laguna sts. ".-\-: "
A LARGE sunny 8-room modern flat. North-
* west- corner Page and Shrader sts.
BRUCE place. 39, off Folsom and Harrison ave.,
bet. 7th and 8th sts.— Sunny flat, 4 rooms. $8.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. |48 SO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1331 Market.
CARPETS, furniture, stove and square Weber
piano for sale cheap; no dealers.' 305 Octavia,
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 123 & 132 Ellis. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— lT.Vincent71l305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction Co., 14C2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2O7L
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture-, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
DT&~tCnew^l^loverreia\leirzt7actoTy price;
j warranted; kept in- repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP "WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Southern California $25
3 waitresses. Sacramento $25
Waitress and assist chamberwork, Pleas-
anton $20
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland J.....J20
. Waitress, Marysvllle, fare paid $20
.Waitress, Watsonville $2U
Waitress, Nevada (arm work), fare paid. .$25
German - chambermaid, springs, steady
place ?20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, private boarding-houses 330
Housegirl, . Butte County, see party here. ..$20
Nurse and assist second work, country $12,
Cooks housegirls, second girls, city and coun-
try, call and select a place; fares paid to all
; country places .....;
j C. R. HANSEN & CO...: 104 Geary st.
50 WOMEN and children wanted for a cannery
In country: highest wages; free fare botn
ways; office fee *1. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
101 Geary, st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, J30; hotel housekeeper, $23;
3 wai tresses, Coronado. $25, half fare paid;
3 waitresses, Salt Lake City, fares advanced;
14 waitresses, city and country, $20 and. $25;
4 chambermaids to wait, city and country,
$20 and $26
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook small German family, $30; cooks and
housegirls, city and country, best wages;
• nurse, grown children, $20
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary et.
WANTED— 2 cooks, San Mateo. no washing.
$35: 4 cooks, German style, $30; second girl
and nurse, see lady 11 o'clock to-day, $25;
chamber work and waiting, $25; lady's maid,
I $25; cook for San Jose, 530; cook, Ross Valley,
$30; cook, country hotel, $40; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, $20. $15; restaurant
waitress,- $8 week; short order cook, $9 week;
girl for all kinds of housework; ,city • and
country, $20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call or address. All mall orders
promptly attended to
Three first-class waiters at once, $20-$25.
Respectable women and young girls can se-
cure good positions by calling at HAR-
BR1DGE & CO.'S. 323 Kearny St., room 4..
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
AVaitresses. city, $25; country hotels, $20.
WANTED — A young German or Swedish girl;
light housework and care of 1 child; sleep
home; Sundays free. Apply 69 Chattanooga
¦ St., near Twenty-second.
GOOD, flrst-dlass woman cook wanted 8 for a
permanent situation; best of local references
required. Box 4624, Call office. -
A LADY, of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. . F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — A young girl to assist with house-
work; sleep home. Apply 34 Octavia St., cor-
ner Halght.
WANTED— Good girl: help with light house-
workand care of baby; good wages. 1004B
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Young girl or middle-aged woman
to do housework; small family; wages $15.
417 Hayes St. ,">';
GOOD looking young lady to fold headache
powders In store window. Call at 2742 Cali-
fornia st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; $15;
.3 in family. 1510 Octavia st. • r.'U*-*y*
GIRLS wanted to cut fruit at Standard {Pack-
ing Co., 11-17 Hermann Bt. , f y ':¦->".¦
WANTED- Girl to assist in a bakery. "Apply
2S0S Twenty-fourth st. ! •
WANTE*D— Middle-aged Swedish woman as
-working' housekeeper. Apply 622 Natoma st.
REFINED woman or girl to care for child;
speak ' German: references. Box 4629, _Call. -
WANTED— Reliable, earnest woman as com-
merclal traveler. Box 4646, Call , office.
WANTED — Young woman for general house-
work uml cooking; wages $15. 205 Taylor.
WANTED— Experienced ' waitresses; call at
once; no fee. 127 Mason st. "-
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats; well paid; steady work. 214 Seventh st.
YOUNG lady to work a" few hours each.day.
3010 Mission st. •
WANTED— Girl for second work at 2590 Mis-
sion st. . , ¦ "'.% ,
GIRL "or Japanese' boy; general housework;
no washing. 2218 • Webster st.
GOOD cook; German preferred; wages- $25.
2320 Clay. at., .bet. Webster and Buchanan.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1279 O'Farrell
street. . «.. .-¦'•- ¦, • .
GIRL for light upstairs work and care of
child. 1836 Sutter st. >
WANTED— A German girl to do housework
¦ and cooking. Please call at 902 Eddy st. ;
keep 2 in help and small family.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring and facial mas-
.-sage taught in 2 weeks; $5; positions guaran-
.'• teed.' Halrdresslng College, 233 Geary, rm. 35.'
AMATEUR singers wanted. -. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.: ;
* SAV FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; opsn
v until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
fcmer Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.r'"-
SW) Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*St McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p.' m.
<15 Larkin street; open until *:30 p. m.
:S41 Mission street: own until 10 p. m.
:261 Maiket street, corner Sixteenth; open
tztttil 9 p. ra.
jofi Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
'.CSS Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. " .
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until * p. m.
"TOO Fillmore street: open until 9 p- ni^
MEETING NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of YerbaBuena |~
Chapter No. 1. Rose Croix, A. ¦ — Jjj< — 1
and A. Scottish Rite of Freemas- — QJ5 — »
onry. will be held in Commandery • ' ft.
Hall, Masonic Temple, on THURS- \(
PAY EVENING. August 8. 1901, P-
at 8 o'clock, for buslr.ess only. LJ
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Commejidery No. 16, K. -*.
T.. Gokien Gate buildinfr, C23 Sutter st. "fjbp
—Special. Officers and members are Fj
hereby notified to assemble in full uni- Q»
fcrm "at the Asylum TO-DAY at 1:15 '
o'clock for the purpose of attending tne
funeral of our !«te frater. SIR STEPHEN
CALEB WILMANS. '
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. _____
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. J_
M— The officer* and members of the -W\- |
sbove-named lodge are hereby notified j\J\ !
to attend the funeral of our late "V j
brother. STEPHEN CALEB WILMANS. in ¦
Kinjr Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple. THIS ¦
DAY (THL'RSDAV). August S. at 2 o clock
p. m. Master Masons and frieads at deceased !
are invited. By <*rder of the Master. ;
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _»
M. will .meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, August S. at 7:80 o'clock. l^L^
First degree. By order of the Master, / "w '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. 1
FIDELITY Ledge No. 120. F. and A. J_ j
M.-Speoial meeting THIS <THl'RS- J\-
IJAVl EVENING at 7 o'clock. First |
degree. Masons cordially invited. By * .
order cf the W. M. I
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary. J
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m i
ri2. F. and A. 11.. meets THIS _^k_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock JSIT
for first degree. By order of the Mas- ' w >
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— a-
f=Tie<-i.:l meeting THIS (THL'RSDAT) J_
EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. First TTTf
dogrc-e. By order of the Master. *
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
K1XG SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. _t
and A. M. — You are hereby requested «#\_
to attend the funeral of Brother 1y/v
JAMES SIMPSON, late a member of
Woodland Lodge No. l."6 of Woodland, Cal.,
from Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont- j
jromery sts.. TO-DAY (THURSDAY) at 1:30
o'clock. Funeral committees of all the city j
lodges take notice. By order of the master. 1
HAP.RY BAEHR. Secretary.
TK5BA BCEKA Lodge No. 15. I. ;^*«Kfe»,
O. O. F- — Initial).:.!! TO-NIGHT -yHS^^iiS
(THITtSDAY). August 8. 19C1.
Visiting brother? and members are -V
cordially invited.
TKOS. C MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Rec. Sec.
¦WESTERN ADDITION Lodge No. <_^C_&.
"s:.i I O. O. F. — Double initiation e§gy*i!v^
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. t||S*SP?'
AujniFt S. Members and visitors • /;ln
cordiallv invited to attend.
C. N. JANSEN. N. G.
GEO. H. FRE1ERMUTH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club _
meets THIS (THi.'RSDAY) EVEN- 2k, »UJ
ING. Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell
Ft., at S o'clock. By order
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. F. Sloaa et als.. in the Old
Stiff Gravel Mine, near Vallicita, Calaveras !
County, to deposit tailings In Wade's Gulch: !
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal, in the i
South Honcut Mine, in Yuba County, near 1
Eangor. to deposit tailings in South Honcut
Creek: from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
huck. in the Last Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to (
deposit tailines in Big Canyon, and from Ar- j
thur R. Pride *nd Robert Bobb, In the Wll- j
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's. Sierra j
County, to deposit tailings In Deer Creek. |
gives notice that a meeting will be held at I
room 5? Flood building. Fan Francisco. Cal..
on August 19. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
encf ? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg. '
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted Into sood homes. MRS.
DR. FI'XKK. 141C Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPKAL.TL'31 ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raJr»d: rostal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;<5ivorces private ;bankruptcy; col-
lections:attachznents: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deed«: wills drawn;fees low;open
<=ve's. THURSTON. IOOS'4 Mkt.. r. 4, op. oth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
KOWE. atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stockton.
ADVICE tlet: no charge unless EuccesEfuL W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW" AND OLD. j
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 235«.
KOLMES BOOK CO.." 704-706-708 Mission Bt.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board: good home & moth-
er'6 care: $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUSINESS CUAXCES.
(A^40^BRT'CN^cH^akVry~TnT^oiree~^To^ |
with 5 living rooms; rent $15; choicest loca- :
tics; must be sold at once on account of i
sickneEs of owner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 j
Ko-arny Kt. ;
JJOOO— SALOON, restaurant and lodging In one J
<>f the most prospering towns in California; j
lease; cheap rent; all In flret-class order; !
clearing $300 per month. R. G. WILKE. 26»,i >
Kearny st.
A— $1230 bakery and coffee saloon ; very best {
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build- |
ing; a splendid paying place: disagreement I
of partners cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE.
26Vj Kearny.
A— J45O-CANDY store on Ellis St.; daily re- \
ceipts about $10: rent $26; good business. Call j
R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny St.
A— 5:2750— BARROOM on Market St.; close to
Chronicle; daily receipts from $3i to $25; rent
$100; a good business. Inquire R. G. WILKE,
i6V4 lvearny et.
A— J300: SALOON, with 4 furnished room?. 4th
and Market sts. ; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from
Siu up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chan«*. Call R. G. WILKE, 2S% Kearny st.
A-11500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and flrst-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come. Investigate and you will find a splen-
did Investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 2SV4
Kearny st.
A— $500; DELICACY and dairy produce on
Fourth St., close to Market; good business;
cheap rent. Call R. G. WILKE, 36<4 Kearny.
A— $T5; BRANCH bakery. 5 rooms; rent $14;
a snap. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
» A— $ll£0: CORNER grocery and bar; No. 1 loca-
tion; full value: 3 furnished rooms; rent $25-
a bargain. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny «t_
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars; daily cash
business, $20: pop. 20.000; can be fully investi-
gated: owner going Ea*t; sold reasonably If
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; indoor busine**;
steady man. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777%
Market Et.
FOR sale— Patent rlgtit for Coast States; new
article; required in every household- large
profits. MAY & GERBER. €38 Market st.
BARGAIN If taken to-day; dairy store and
x furniture. 1303 Devisadero st.
IC50— RESTAURANT doing a good business;
I centrally located; cheap rent; with leaee; IS
chairs; a bargain; owner must eell on ac-
count going north. Address box 4539. Call.
FOR sale — Candy *tore and icecream parlor;
good location; make offer. 230 Sixth 8t.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; sickness the
cause. Address box 4€16. Call office,
A RARE chance — Coffee saloon and restaurant
for sale. Inquire SU Montgomery Bt.
LCNCH bakery for gale. 1205 Polk st.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
821 Howard Et.: no agents.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for aale.
Adflregg S. P. Call Agent, Santa Cruz, CaL
WANTED for cash on short notice— Groceries.
hardware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. 16.
GOOD paying branch bakery for sale cheap.
2SS Have. et. _
BUSINESS CHANCES. — Contlanect.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $lo00 to
tiOCO per month. Address GEORGE MAI -
ERLE. German Expert Optician. VU'VA* Mar-
ket st., San Francisco. • ¦
FOR sale— At invoice price, the merchandise
store of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and- one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
&. CO.. Santa Rosa. ¦ I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and 1
subscriptions has been established at Wsio
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED* advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. g200 Fiilmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
6S-ROOM modern house
North of Market st
. . Electric Elevator
-..!... Former price $5000; reduced to $3700
Offer wanted. Must be sold
..To-day. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market..
**¦ {* DFOKER " •••«••••••••••¦•••¦••
1020' Market st." opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
....:26 Years in Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms, $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms. $100 to. 20.000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms. *S0 to 7o0
«0 private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $30 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels, 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to S.000 [
40 grocery stores, $<00 to 6.000 ,
20 candy- stores. 5300 to 6.C0U |
40 saloons. $400 to 6.000 j
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1,000 1
500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000 |
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8.000 |
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. EO.000 ,
S chicken ranches. $4C0 to l.'OO
50 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14.000
..To Buy Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market
A. CAMERON '&. CO..
850 Market st. and t Stockton St..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 rooms: rent $200; fine family hotel $6000
36 r. : rent JU-i; tine house; money maker. 1800
22 r.'; rent $60; housekeeping: well Turn.. 1100
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1H p. «• I
IS rooms: rent $90; fine furniture 2200
19 r.: rent $60; good; clears $70: Mission. S50
15 r.; rent $50; oak furniture; part cash.. 1000
7 r. : rent $35; fine furniture and carpets— 500
Over SCO bouses listed. Call' before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
Near the Call Building.
Call at office for list of BARGAINS.
9 rms.; rent $20; downtown: money maker $300
27 rooms; full; clears $90 a month 1000
30 rooms; full of good people: clears $S5.. 1200
4? rooms; rent $175: income $460; 9 baths:
2 entrances, I will lend $1500 on it 2500
100 rooms; elevator; clears $400 a month.. 6500
16 rooms: rent $50; nice and quiet.-. 650
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers-22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell: suit-
able improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery St.. room 3.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buv any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant house* furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WE have legitimate bargains In lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial
McBRIPE & CO 1016 Market st.
THE Boston Business Agency, 1016 Maiket st.,
opp. Fifth— A rare chance in a lodging-house
of 35 rooms: all full: rent $30; price $400;
half cash, balance to suit the buyer. Mo-
BRIDE &' CO.. 1016 Market st..- opp. Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
TAKE NOTICE
Three mortgaged hou«es that must sell this
week. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St. :
25 ROOMS, all rented, upright piano. $1000;
near Ellis and Market; a bargain. Box 4633,
Call _offlce.
LODGING-HOUSE with 16 sunny rooms on one
floor. 36 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell St.; call
for particulars.
BAiiGAIN — 6-rooir. bath; 3 rooms pay expensee.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m.. 226 ?aylor St.
BARGAIN— 10-room lodging ; house furnished
complete: all full: rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
SHRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful «eances;
Sun., Tues., Frl., 8 p.m., EOc; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them: give names; has received medals
from many countries: taken last .world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin Et.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnhr.m, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: cir. Sun. Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 38 McAllister St. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c eeance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p.m.; every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tranc*. bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellig car.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c.; Sun.. Mon.. Fri.
eves.. 8:15; Wed. aft.. 2:45;^lt. 10 to 4 except
Sat. and Sun. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night,- 605 McAllister, 10c. Come, skeptics.
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting every night. S
o'clock. 10c; sittings dally. 148 Sixth, rm. 32.
H. Thompson, medium, will send you answers
on any subject by mail. 25c. 603 California st.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12: circle to-
night. 10c; reliable business readings, 50c & $}.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading; 50c. 1007^4 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 8
p.m.; Wed.. 2:30 p.m., 10c: readings dally, D0c.-
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M<»yer: slttiagg daily: teat to ail to-nlglit.lOc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. !M-1 BERNARD, ~ "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription- of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gtae ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast:
he «ucceeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk et. ; readings by mall.
MADAM MONTAGUE. ~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of iife: gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions' in love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
.diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 SO. 120 Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never fails;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission et: phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist. ' permanently located 114S Market, op.
Ctb: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. ?>est clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 77"',4 Market, room 18.
MUS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c.) 1149 Mission.
Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader: when'oth-
er» fall consult me; L. 23c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S>4 Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
fittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. : Me. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, 11. 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
orily 10c. 2C2 Minna st.. near Fourth.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown : nails, warts; pain-
less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.StrassburgeY fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^chargTunT
' lees . cucceesf uL Kcom 310, 927 Market st. '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama et.;'l?l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING. 3c; laying. 0c: renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S ' Superior Carpet-beating Works,
323 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Msr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-*
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone' Jessie 944.
DENTISTS. _____
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly ; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady ¦ attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; platec, *5; full set; all work painless and
.wananted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
oh weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission str. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
TOTTNG. 1341 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business: divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
nxArn 323-324. Pan Francisco: tel. South 381.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Cliss rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^RE^L^a^rn^B^sin'ess^College. 723~Market—
IS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1KG4. Van
der Naillen School. J13 Fulton, nr. City Halt.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures ; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 100S Mission.
STATE Normal graduate desires pupils In prl —
mary and grammar studies. Box 4605, Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 "Post St.. S. F. :
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.'
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German: mipil of Leipslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $.*i mo. 1024 Mif=«!on. nr. Gth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" a^id~~Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
Best help. 4U«A O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S1SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position as a nurse
or to do light housework; understands mas-
sage; best of references. Please call at 701
Howard St., first floor.
MipDLE-AGED woman wants a situation to 1
do general housework and cooking; city or
country; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place,
oft Grant ave., between Post and^Sutter.
AMERICAN woman wishes work by the day
washing, cleaning, ironing, office cleaning; $1
•'and car fare per day: flrst-class work. Ad-
dress box 4648. Call office.
POSITION as overseeins housekeeper In a first-
class family; best of references in exchange. ;
Box 4630, Call office. . _ !
AT your own price for a month; general house-
work, cooking, children's care, sewing: widow
of 40. 1000A Lombard St.; carfare if I call.
WANTED— By lady to assist in care of Invalid
or afflicted child: best of ' references. Box
4626, Call office; car fare expected.
WANTED — Worlc by a reliable,' woman by the
day; good laundre?s; $1 25 per day. Box N,
106 Eleventh at. ' ' -
DANISH girl goes out by the day or will take
lace curtains, flannels, towels, napkins or
; handkerchiefs home to wash. 133.1 Fulton st.
; RESPECTABLE girl. 15. desires position for
f upstairs work and waiting. .231 Third st,
j room 9.
POSITION as housekeeper in the" country;
j wages $20; no triflers. Address 214 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer desires posillon;
can give best of references. Box 4631. Call.
A YOUNG woman wants a place to do general
housework and cooking. Call. 2951 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress wants to go
out by the day. Box 3S37, Call office.
YOUNG German woman; house-cleanCng and
' washing by day. 2422 Greenwich st., nr. Scott.
1 .WANTED— By young woman, 'any kind of work
! by the day. Address E. R.."416 Broadway.
I A- YOUNG Scandinavian eirl, sood seam-
j stress, has learned shampooing, manicuring
; ami liairdrcssing, willing to do a little cham-
f berwork. wishes a place in a flrst-class
I Ameiican family. Apply 321 Van Ness ave..
street floor: no cards. . -- ¦ • ' •
PLAIN sewlnz and mending done reasonable.
C01 O'Farrell St., room 8, second floor.
GIRL to do second work and sewing; is a first
2 class steamstress. Call for 3 days, 751 Harrl--
son st.
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
t k<«.— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $t 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ! 1096
Valencia st. . -..
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -M.UE., ;
SOBER, reliable,, industrious man wants
steady employment as porter, packer- or
nightwatchman; 20 years in* this city; good
recommendations from last employer. . -Ad-
dress box 4628. Call office. ,.
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work by
the day or month for property owner or es-
tate; has all necessary shop tools. 'Box 4649
Call office. .
ELEVATOR man, sober and reliable, wants
position: good references. Address box 4531
Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ ; ... - ; . ."- ¦ .
ENGINEER, stationary and electrical; steady,
reliable man, would like position. Box : 4627,
¦ Call office.
POSITION, in a private place; reliable man
- with horses: milk cows; take care of garden;
good reference. Address T. D., 1519 Howard.
PAINTER and paper-hanger with tools . wants
employment by day or contract; able to take
charge of work. Box 4632, Call office. ' '¦'
MATRIMONIAL.
MXRRlXG^bureau ; estab. 1887: reliable & con-
fldentiah lists 10c. MRS. HEP.TZ. 706 Ellis at.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421.
MISCELLANEOUS — -FOU SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-ban^; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made: we can ship everything
In "4 hour3. J NOONAN, 1317. 1019, 1021. 1021
Mission st:. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones.$5 to,
$150: easy terms; children's toy graphophontvj
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones verr
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. H25 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sfzes, 0, 10. 20 stamp mill3;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors generators; 4 sets hoisting works: steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
ENGINE for sale— Horizontal Corliss; cylinder
16 :n. diameter; stroke 35 in.; l«-ft flywheel;
. driving pulley 10 ft. diameter by 30 in. face.
Apply Cal. Barrel Co., 327 Market St.. S. T.
A — BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
1 etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
THOROUGHBRED wire ha!r fox terriers for
sale cheap. 2S2Y 2 Natoma st. Mf3. Armstrong.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
FOR «ale — Instantaneous freezer; on exhibl-
tlon one week. F. S.. 87 Third st. ¦
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry, cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
GASOLINE enjtlnes. all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. £11 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR» outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladies" sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
SD-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN .SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. >
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
„ lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 58 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
3IISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PORTABLE or sand oven; good condition;
cheap. Address MRS. E. K. SMART, room
4. Merrltt Hotel. Twelfth St.. Oakland.
2 CHEAP tickets for young lady to New York
and gent to Ohio; tall. Box 4635, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical jroods. 154 9th nt. : tel. Folsom Ir-22.
~~ MONEY TO LOAN.
AA^lL^CH^fTA^rL^A^rcO^n^ANY. '
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
¦ mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. TVe will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
: R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,C0O.00O at 6% or less in large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bid?.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los«
their friendship ; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 90S Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rats of Interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market; teL Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
- est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28
Montgomery st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going 1 elsewhere.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st-. room 88.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A — ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on eacil
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people- without secur-
lty. H1U. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. "S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$ino.OCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. _-
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN wanted — $1000 wanted. For further In-
formation address box 4619. Call of floe.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
j ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY~&
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 ami
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
STECK. Baldwin. Ludwig, Everett. Packard.
Conover, Ellington. Straube, Gilmore. Kings-
bury. Cable. Smith & Barnes, Wlllard, Dun-
. ham, Chickering Bros., Brooks and Valley
Gem— these are the makes of piano-? sold by
the new piano house. THE WILEY B. AL-
LEN CO.. 933 Market st.. S. F. (Branch. 951
Broadway. Oakland.)
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents for most famous and oldest
American makes. Including Hallett-Davls;
great bargain list. $50 up: Steinway, $1S5 up;
Fischer, $100; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents
$2 up; great inducements to agents. 217
Geary st.
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested In
the self-playing piano: the Cecilian is the lat-
est and best: you are Invited to our daily
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 303 Post st.,
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co.,
Byron Mauzy. Gabier, Lester, Hamilton and
Spielman pianos.
$130 CASH will buy a fine upright If sold with-
in a day or two: we have also other good
things to offer and will make it worth your
while to call; we are agents for the "old.
original and only Decker piano." THE ZEXO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 3 yeara acd full purchase price al-
lowed, en a. new i-wrless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
. from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
et.; established 1850.
A LIST of- fine second-hand pianos — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 ¦Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75, $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BEN'J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st..
ChickermR. 'Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storags pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no reserve
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 170G Market st. '
LEFT on sale. $S3 mahoprany case Fischer up-
right, piano.. Room 3S, 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $100 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 20S Post st. *
AT KEEFFE'S piano store. 22 Turk. nr. Mar-
ket— Shoninger and Schubert pianos.
NEW upright:' sold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory, Market. 14th and Church sta.
¦
HELP WANTED— FEaiALE— Con. -^
WOMEN and girls' to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
: summer." Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
;.work: highest wages. Apply California Can-
- neries Co., 425 Brannan st.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan St.*
YOUNG girl to assist' in taking care of a boy
, 3 years old. Apply Wednesday Thursday or
Friday, between 8-12 a. m.; 1315 O'Farrell St.
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners; paid
while learning. G. W. Reynolds, muslin un-
derwear, 597 Mission St., corner Second.
YOUNG girl to help with housework and child.
1006 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish plain cook. Home restau-
rant, 1528 Polk st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework In
small family. 3022 Clay st. •
WANTED— Girl to take out a lady two hours a
day. Call at 610 O'Farrell St., morning.
WANTED — Girl to assist in housework. Apply
this morning, 2131 Bush st.
A RELIABLE girl for family of four; wages
- $25. Apply 331 Capp st. ¦ '
WANTED — A chambermaid at the Manhattan
House, S25 Battery St.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 3599
' Seventeenth St., corner Dolores.
GERMAN girl. $25; cooking and light house-
work* 1525 Howard. Call before 9.
YOUNG girl for housework and plain cooking;
good wages. Call, 8 to 12, 213 Broderick.
GERMAN woman for 4 days In week to : do
housework and cooking 1 . 1S0O Union.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . "
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY &~READY '."... ..Phone~Main 5S48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open 7 a. m. to-day
500- R. R. men wanted....
S. P. R. R.. Santa Fe....
Cal N. W. Ry
For. Ukiah; free fare...."...;
. 350 teamsters, laborers and men to cut right-
of-way for Ukiah; free fare
Wages $2. $2-25 and $2 50
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, Ukiah, free fare;
..Ship to Ukiah morning and afternoon, free..
S. P. R. R. CO.'S WORK
I 150 men for section, ballast, track, rock, steel
and other gangs, on all divisions, including..
...Los Angeles and Santa Barbara.'..
Free fare .Free fare
; SANTA FE
100 men to work on Santa Fe system, com-
pany work, ' between S. F. and Bakersfleld....
Free fare Ship daily
Blacksmith's helper, camp, ¦ $52; floor man,
country blacksmith shop, $2 50 day; black-
smith for a factcry, no shoeing, $2 50 day;
band tawyer, $3 day; bridge carpenter, ?3
day; steam roller man for macadamizing,
$3 day.
LABORERS... BIG WAGES... NO EXPERI-
ENCE :
25 laborers for a large mining company, all
surface work, no experience required, S45 and
$50 and found, any willing men will suit on
this Job; 2 single hand miners, $75; 10 muck-
ers, J60 and found; 5 laborers to do muck-
ing for a mine, $75; 50 laborers, no experience
required, for an electric power company,
$67 50; 10 quarrymen, S60; 15 laborers to do
shoveling, near city, $2 day; 50 laborers, dif-
ferent city jobs. $1 75 and $2 day, $26 and
$30 and found; 10 laborers to handle freight,
$40 and found; 250 laborers, city and country,
$150 to $5 day
LUMBER PILERS. ...BRICK YARD WORK j
5 more laborers to pile lumber in yard, $2 a
day; 10 lumber pliers for a large company,
$60; 15 wheelers, setters and burners for a
brick yard. $30 and $40 and found; 10 laborers, j
no experience required, to work around brick,
$26 and found :
WORK IN SHASTA. TRINITY AND SISKI-
YOU COUNTIES
EO laborers, no experience, J2 to $2 75 day; 10
drillers, $75; 10 tunnelmen, $3 day; 10 team-
sters, new worlc on a levee, $2 day; 23 team-
sters, Amador County, $2 and $2 25 day
FRUIT PICKERS
15 men and strong boys to work on lAit farm,
near city, anybody will suit
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS
Driver tpr milk wagon, country town, $30 and
found, see boss here
Stableman, Vineyard Co $30 and found
S stablemen and hostlers. $60 and $50; milk
wagon driver, $50; 5 deckhands, $10; 10 team-
sters, $2 and $2 50 day
15 farmhands, $26 and $30; 10 men to stack
. hay, long job $32 50 and found
5 haybalers, good wages: 7 milkers
MARRIED HELP
Cook and wife for a small mine, see boss here.
Man and wife, ranch, near city, $50, see boss
farmer and wife, $60.
'.:. HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS....
, ¦ 3 - stewards- for messhouse, club and country
hotel .*
,Cook for a boat, $60; 3 cooks and wives, $50
¦'and $45; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $35;
\pantry man, $Go; 2 bakers, country shops, $50,
fare paid: bakers' helpers, $20 and $30; cooks,
country hotels, $40 and $50; 3 plain waiters,
ranch and camps; 2 ranch cooks, $30".
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. Phone Bush 405
RAILROAD MEN
Cal. N. W. R. R Ukiah
10O teamsters, $2 per day Ukiah
100 axmen and shovelers, $2 per day Ukiah
100 men to ballast track
Santa Fe Co.'s own work
FREE FARE.. .FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE
Wanted. 50 shovelers at $2 25 per day
1 Large electrical company's own work; we
guarantee work until snow files, the very
best of board and fare advanced.
I 50 laborers $150 per day and board
i 15 men to cut 4-foot pine wood, Jl 40 per cord,
tools and provisions advanced
6 laborers, near city ...$2 25
10 lumber pliers, country, $2 per day; 6 lum-
ber pliers. $35 to $45 per month and board.
GARDENER, $30 and found; milker and wife.
$60; cheesemaker and wife, $45; 3 farmers and
wives, $35, $40 and J45; 3 more teamsters for
logging, $C0; driven for milk wagon, $50: man
. to drive dump cart; old man for chicken
ranch. $10 and found: 2 milkers for Mendo-
cino County, $30; porter, $7 week : farmers.
$25 and $30; man to pack apples, $30 and
found; man to run electric elevator, $20 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel. $50; coffee saloon and
restaurant cooks, $12 week and $40 month;
fourth hand on bread, $8 treek and found; 2
waiters for country hotels, $30; dishwashers
for city and country and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St. • 1
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Waiters, country, $25; 4 colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
¦ I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
1C0O MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brash
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal,; apply on
work; steady work, good board and "beat
, wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
AN up-to-date and skilled gardener wanted:
one who thoroughly understands the care and
careful management of large private grounds
in all its details; none but parties possessing
the above qualifications and can produce local
references need apply. Address box 4617, Call
office. .
WANTED— A good errand boy; good wages
paid to the right one. Apply at E. MES-
.SAQER'S cloak store. 145 Post St.. between
8:30 and 10 a. -m.
WANTED— Steady' man to attend cash counter
in restaurant; $40 per month and board; must
¦ have $100 cash; no experience required. Ap-
ply 765 Market st.. room 3.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
JEWELERS. 328. Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
VESTMAKER to take charge of vest* shop.
HENRY HILP. 106 Battery st. ¦
WANTED — Old man on a ranch; wages $10.
Address P. O. box 184. Gilroy, Cal.
WANTED— Boy about 16. .1407. Eddy st. ".
I WANT an outside . office man: or woman.
¦ lOOS 1^ Market St., room 4. ., .
ELEVATOR boy; living with parents. ' 126
ElliS St. . .- ¦¦¦•--.. .1 ;. . ._ ./ . .
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, vegetable mefti and
dishwashers; call at once; no fee. 127 Mason.
COOK for small boarding-house restaurant
' 2229. Powell st. . •
BOY 'wanted at stalls 1 and 3 Union Square
Market. ' . .--. ' ¦;'.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 567 Sixth st.
YOUNG man. to ¦ drive milk ' wagon; $20 and
found. Call bet. 8 and 9 at 1918 Hyde st.
WANTED— Foreman for small glove factory
outside of city. , Address box 4650, ¦ Call. . ;
A FEW tenors and bassos with repertoire.
.Apply at Tivoli; Opera-house bet.' 2 and 4.
WANTED— 100 first-class house painters.' : Ap-
. ply room 584, Parrott building. •
WANTED— Good steam laundrymen; murt be
. acquainted with ¦ engine. Box " 4620, Call.
HELP WANTED— MALE-i-Con.
AT~C. rT~HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.
Railroad Work
• ; Railroad Work .-••
Railroad Wcrk
Wanted— 500 men for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, section hands and tun-
nelmen for •
Ukiah
Nevada ;
Truckee -.
Chataworth Park
Santa Fe System
...Wages J2 to $1 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
Engineer for gold dredger. $2 50 a day; 2
firemen, country, $*'» and found; blacksmith
for R. R. camp, $2 73 a day; blacksmith for
dredger, $40 and found; 4 blacksmiths, coun-
try shops, $2»50 to $3 a day; 6 farmers, Mon-
terey Co.. $1 25 a day; 2 farmers, near city.
$1 25 a day; -gang edgerman, sawmill, $50; 6
lumber pliers, $35; 20 laborers for sawmills
and woods. $26 to $30 and fare advanced
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Bread baker, country shop, $50, see boss here;
2 chefs and seconds, $70 to $80 and $50 to $60,
head and second cook and dishwasher, coun-
try hotel, $oO, $30 and $20; kitchen crew,
country hotel, $100; head waiter, first-class
hotel; cook $10, dishwasher $25 and waiter $2o,
same country hotel ; dishwashers, potwasn-
ers and vegetablenien. $30 and $25 — ..........
2 night watchmen, hotels, $3o and 5o0; 2
hotel waiters, country. $35; 2 omnibuses,
hotel dining-room, country. *2a; 3 porters,
country hotels, $25 •• ••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 4 COLORED waiters, country hotel, north,
fare paid. C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 CARPENTERS, finishers, $3 50; 2 rough car-
penters, $2 £0, country. C. R. HANSEL &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class waiter with references
for hotel lunch counter; wages $35 per month
and found to begin with. Address Depot
( Hotel, Wadaworth, Nev.
WANTED— An all-round blacksmith to rent a
blacksmith shop with tools; plenty of work.
Address P. O. box 185, -Truckee. Cal.
BOY about IS years old for butcher shop; Ger-
man preferred. Apply 'P. FRIESE, 613
Buchanan st. ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waitlnsr; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-class blacksmith for wagon
and horseshoeing shop. 52S Gough st.
THE Risdon Iron Works. San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and boilermaker. a limited
number of young men between the ages ot
17 and 18 years; strong and able-bodied; good
references. Apply at office, Beale and
; Howard sts.
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free; complete outfit of
tools donated: wages while learning: more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay St. ¦
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than J> feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
•WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen'a Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Elderly, sober and steady man;
storekeeper, to make himself useful in bakery:
must have worked in bakery before. Ill
Larkin st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Ffrst-class cutter for Lc* Angeles;
men's tailoring; references required. Answer
Box 4604. Call office.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
O. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
TEN sand teamsters — Apply- 212 Ninth st.
WANTED— Man with $1000 to represent manu-
facturing concern in adjoining county. Bex
4613. Call office.
"WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
723 Fourth St., San Rafael, Tel. Red 15.
A MAN for general .office work; must Invest
$300. Box 3819 Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
• price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. . 59
Columbian building.
SAILORS, ordinary, fouships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c \ip. 241 Third st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 .Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES AND WAGOKS.
40 HORSES for -sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
2 PAIRS of elegant carriage horses will be sold
at low prices. J. O'DONNELL, Golden Gate
Stable. :
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
¦ Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
FRESH cow for sale. , 132 Ninth ave.. Rlch-
mond District.
FOR sale — A Studebaker carriage. Centennial
Stables. 1523-25 California st.
WANTED— A brougham or coupe In good con-
dition; state price. Address box 4382, Call.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons.. Missies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camnlner waeon for sale, cheat). 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.
______ ...^^MOg^AT^S^^^^^- ,_
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium. 230 DoiiKlass St.. San Franciaco.
HOUSES TO LET. -
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of S rooms and bath; hot and cold
water, stable for 2 horses and yard. 314 Dun-
ran st.. near Twenty-eighth and Church;
rent $12.
HOUSES TO LET FURSISHEd!
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms; all modern im-
provements; sun all day; rent reasonable to
good tenant. 33S6 Twenty-third st., between
Mission and Valencia.
LOST or mislaid— Policy No. 165,261. issued by
the Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company on
the life of AI^GERNON E. ASHBY. The
finder will please return it to the under-
signed. Application has been made for the
issuing of a duplicate. >A. E. ASHBY 567
Howard St.. S. F. •
LOST— On Clay st. car, Sunday evening, «.
basket containing music and clothing Re-
turn to 11CSA Pacific st.; reward.
LOST— Leather purse: contents, alouww coin
$1 paper; reward. 2110 Central ave.
LOST— Two white and brlndle greyhounds-
females. 10 Twenty-nlntn st. ; reward.
WHITE bull terrier dog; long ears and tail
Return to 887 Fulton st. and receive reward. "
LOST— A pass-book with the Ilibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Marcelena Franklin. : No. 240 9^> The
finder will please return to bank. "
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needa old
gold to make new watch cases.
Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O Nolle
Jfweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
J;^' MEDICAL. "
DR. TA'LCOTT & CO.-Practtce confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only 997
¦Market st., corner Sixth; entire upper "floor.
A— Dr. G W. O'Donnell, renowned specialist"
I treat ladies only; all classes of female con.:
plaints relieved; quickest results. 1018 Market.
MRS.. D. ALLEN, ~111S Market-Reliable la~
j dies specialist; a prlv. home, before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES'
original, method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S..F.
. THE WYETH Maternity Home has removed
I from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
Mrs. L.' 1 Brooks. M. D.— Obstetrics; diseases of
i women. ' Mission and 16th.; tel.. Blue 1320.Sacrarnentan Made President.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 7.— The national
convention of Window Trimmers closed
to-night. C. W. Morton of Sacramento,
Cal.. was elected president.
Oregon Short, Line Extension.
SALT* LAKE CITY. Aug. 7.— The Tribune
to-morrow will say that the Los Angeles
extension of the , Oregon Short Line Is,
more properly t-peaking, a San Diego ex
tension. While the line will connect hear
Beaumont, Cal.. with the Southern Pa
cific Railroad for , Loa Angeles, yet the
main line will run due south from Beau
mont to San Diego /via San Jacinto. fol
lowing largely. the fortieth parallel to San
Diego, which port will be used by the
Short, Line.
weapons were not given up. The militia
men then surrendered their rifles. Seven
of the men were killed and an officer and
three men were wounded. The Mahsuds
then decamped with the rifles, ammuni
tion, uniforms and kit3 of* the garrison
without losing a man.
SIMLA, Aug. 7.— Two hundred Mahsurt.t
attacked a military post at Kashmirkar
August 6, killed a sentry and surprised
the garrison, which sought refuge In the
barracks. The Mahsuds demanded the
rifles, threatening to burn the post if the
sacking the Garrison Make Good
-" Their Escape. ..-..:
Kill Seven Soldiers and After Ran-
HAHSUDS ATTACK AND
CAPTURE MILITARY TOS1
GRAND HOTEL.
J L Depauli, Kern City
H Opphlgen, Kern City
L R Poundstone, Cal
A Pugh, Nev
J M Brcrihy, Cal
W H Hoyt, Cal
A Zeis. Cal
P G Goode, Fresno
Mrs J L Carson, M 1),
Bakersfield
E W Pease, Los Ang
G O Perry, Redding
C C Corbiere. Redding
R B Hanna, St Louis
E M.Emmdur, Ptland
W C Wolking & w,
Cincinnati
A N Ballance, Illinois
Miss Wool. NY
Mrs M Arendt. Angela
J M Brooks. | Fresno *-
H W Wilson, w & fam,
Jordan
S V Jackson, San Jose
Mrs G W Berden, Cal
\V E Brown, Los Ang
A Easton, Modesto
G C Heffley, . Pitsburg
N P Brown, • Nev City
T S Robson, London
F W Walsh, Boston
D N Pitt, Kansas City
S Hcnery, Stockton
G H Wright, Boston -
F Halmann, w I & ch,
NY • •
S P Cavanagh, Olema
M Ella Cavanaugh, Cal
G Eckels, Hanford
Waste Goodsteller, Se
attle
W B Petree, Nome
W Wackerman, Phila
H Wilbrand, Plttsburg
Stevens, NY
Bishoft, N Y
Brittan, Newpt News
Boyce, Newpt News
Egan, N ,Y , .
Cory, N Y
C Larue, Palo Alto
Mrs Gully, San Jose
Miss Morton, San Jose
A J Larson, Lodi
R Loscombe, L Gatos
W Myers & w, Willits
J Flannery, San Jose
W Coulter, Santa Cruz
W Peterson, Sacto
G Byrne, Santa Cruz
H Bryants, Cal
H H Frleey, Sacto
W H Barham, S Rosa
J Rothschild, Chicag'j
N Hovey, S Cruz .
Dr A "j Woodbridge; Cal
J B Higgins, Reno ¦ '
W Graham, Auburn .
Mrs S Wheeler, Reno -
Mrs S M Lee, Reno
J . Connelly, Cincinnati
E E Titus, Cincinnati-
Mrs Farnsworth, Wash
Mrs Overton, Cal - .
J Wright, St Louis
O Harris, Cal
M Fuller, Sacto • '
A Cotter, N Y
A Herman, San Jose
G Farnsworth, Colusa
E Jacobs & sister, - Cal
F B Westcott, St Louis
Miss E Williams, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
S A Stowall, Mass A
W H Richardson & w,
- Texas * ¦¦
T T Williams, S Rafel
A A Packard, Chicago
A Blllcks & w, L Ang
Mons Racvllle, - Paris i
Mme Raeville, Paris
C B Barnes L Ang
Major W B Kennedy
and ' wife, 1 1 Loa I Ang I
Mrs Fitzgerald, Denvr
G Fitzgerald, ¦ Denver
S Lukes &,w,' Canada
G S Lukes, ; Canada
Miss B Lukes, Canada
Miss T Lukes, Canada
L Brittin, N Y'
J Phillips Jr. Boston
W G Wilson, Balto
W N Harte,' N Y ,
J P Woodbury, Carson
R Bishop, L, Ang
I N Bochman Pa
J R .Tlndall, Phila
Miss J Adanw; NY
T R Newberry, L Angr
S Rosenbaum, Stocktn
F Escher & f. Mexico
H S Moore,' S Jose ! - •"
G O'Brien, Beaumont 1
W Smith & w Mo
AW Kline Jr. NY
D E Dlesser, Sacto
V I Cordo, Chicago
HReycroft, Chicago
WS Barnes, Chicago.
T F Sheridan, Chicago
J R McLapRhlin. O -
Dr Taylor, LIvermole '
W M Courtis, " Detroit
R A Courtis Detroit
J' A* Brent," Cal *,
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
PETALUMA, Aug. 7.— Mrs. B. W. Guer-""
kink, a wealthy pioneer resident, died
here to-day at the age of 70 years. She
was a native of Switzerland.
Mrs. B. W. Guerkink.
NORFOLK, Va., Aug. 7.— Lieutenant
Commander -James E. Cressap, U. S. N.-,
of the inspection board at the Norfolk
Navy Yard, died here to-day of blood
poisoning. ••''-'¦ ¦
James 72. Cressap.
SAN" JOSE, Aug. 7.— Adam Humburg.
a resident of this county since 1S54, died
here this morning after an illjjess of sev
eral months. Deceased was a I native of
Germany and - 64 years of age. He was
well known throughout Santa Clara Val
ley and for a number of years had been
ranching near Mount Hamilton. He was
a member of the Exempt Firemen's As
sociation. Three daughters and two sons
residing in San Francisco survive him.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— John Philip Sousa
has completed arrangements to take his
band abroad arain this season for a con
cert tour in Great Britain. The band will
sail September 25.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Sousa's Band Will Tour England
Washington: Increase, restoration and
reissue — Converse Townsend, Roy, $10;
Richard H. Massey," Mount Vernon, $S.
War with Spain, original— Herman S.
Reed, Redmond, $6. *,
Pensions were issued as follows: Cali
fornia — Original — Thomas Derry. Sawtelle,
$6; George McCabe, Veterans' Home,
Napa. $6; Thomas Turner, Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles. IS. Increase— Oliver P. Bell
man, Veterans' Home. Napa, $3: Patrick
Kr.ox, Veterans* Home, Napa. $8: Augus
tlit M. Adams. Pasadena. $12; Joseph Hur
ley. Veterans' Home, Napa, $8: Michael
White. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $12:
John M. Hozia. Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $8; William Kamage, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $12.
Oregon: Original— James L. Hembree,
Sheridan, $C.
The Postoffice Department has renewed
the lease of the John R. Springs property
for the postofSce at Oakland for flve
vears, or until the new Government build
in?; is completed, at $2400 per year.
" WASHINGTON. Aug. 7.— PostofSce dis
continued August 31: Oregon — Anidem.
Linn County, mail to Gates. Postmasters
commissioned: California— Stephen D.
Ballou, San Luis Obispo; Melville J.
Casey, Ioamosa. Washington— William T.
Mitty, Bickleton; Charles A. Blatt, Mol
son.
Lease of the Springs Property
in Oakland.
Postoffice Department Renews the
OF I2TTEKEST VT.O PEOPLE
. OF THE PACIFIC COAST
STOCKTON. Aug. 7.-General W. H. H.
Hart of San Francisco is here to-day with
Eastern capitalists. W. M. Graham of
Pittsburg. Pa.. William G. Bussey and
Luke Martin of New York, looking into
the proposition to erect a large oil Te
finery and coke plant here. Property for
the plant has been secured' and it Is be
lieved the project will be carried through.
Oil Refinery Their Project.
Besides the Fredericksburg property the
deed also includes tracts of land in Los
Angeles, San Bernardino. Tulare and Ala
meda counties, besides large holdings in
San Francisco city and county. Num
bered among the breweries embraced in
the new consolidation besides the one in
this city are the United States, Chicago
and Pacific of San Francisco. Willows of
"Willows. . South San Francisco, that of
Oakland. Brooklyn of Alamerla County
and Hofburg of Oakland. The sum of
$2.50(1,000 is involved. The deed has al
ready been placed on record in several
counties. • •
The deed is from , the Debenture Cor
poration of London, England, and the San
Francisco Breweries, limited, of 1890, to
the San Francisco Breweries, limited, of
1R09. and bears date of July 5. 1901. In
cluded in the deed of the new corporation
is the Fredericksburg .Brewery property
in San Jose. It covers all the property,
real and personal, railroad franchises held
by that concern in this city and the en
tire plant and property of whatsoever de
scription. - . ,
SAN JOSE, Aug. 7.— A deed showing the
transfer cf the Fredericksburg Brewery
of this city to the. English syndicate,
which purchased a number of breweries
in this State, has been filed here. -
EnglisH Company's Great
Consolidation.
Plant at San Jose Becomes Part of the
EREWEBY SYNDICATE
PLACES DEED ON FILE
Salt Lake's water supply was greatly
curtailed to-day owing to a slide in Par
ley's canyon, which supplies a portion of
the city's water. .
A landslide near Morgan. Utah, delayed
train service on the Union Pacific for over
four hours.
At Eureka, Utah, the flood swept
through the principal street of the town,
flooding cellars of business houses and
doing: other damage. Both the Rio Grande
and fchort Line tracks were washed away
for a considerable distance, causing sus
pension of traffic for several hours.
Hundreds of miners are idle at Winter
Quarters, the railroad tracks being swept
away, necessitating 1 a temporary suspen
sion of mine operations. *
At Winter Quarters, where . the mines
of the Pleasant Valley Coal Company, are
located, a flood, caused by a cloudburst,
swept away the home of Matt Korbilo.
Korbilo, his wife and child were swept
away by the torrent, the father and child
bfing drowned, while the mother was
rescued only with the greatest difficulty.
Mrs. Korbilo was terribly bruised and re
ceived injuries which may prove fatal.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, Aug. 7.—
Cloudbursts and heavy rains in various
parts of Utah last night caused the loss
of two lives and resulted in considerable
damage to railroad and other property.
Home Is Swept Away
and Father and Child
Drowned.
TWO LIVES LOST
BY CLOUDBURST
DENVER, Aug. 7.— International com
plications have arisen between the United
States and Italy on account of the de
cision of a court that a non-resident
alien is not entitled to sue for damages
in the courts of Colorado. Several months
ago Fenlce Ferraor. an Italian woman
living in Italy, brought suit for $5000 dam
ages against the Auric Mining Company
in the courts of Hlnsdale County for the
violent death of her husband, Peter, in
the Ute and Ulay mine near Lake
City. ; The suit was transferred' to the
court of Pueblo County and there the" de
cision was rendered that a non-resident
alien had no right to sue for damages.
Mrs. Ferraor to-day took up the mat
ter with the Italian Consul, Joseph
Cuneo. He will bring the case at once
before, the Federal government at Wash
ington. Mr. Cuneo claims the decision
rendered in this case is in direct viola
tion of the treaty of 1S71 between Italy
and the United States.
I Commander McCalla's expedition estab
lished headquarters at Panama. Here the
revolutionary leader Aizpura- was in full
control and was erecting barricades, ex
pecting a battle with the Colombian army.
Commander McCalla acted energetically
and gathering his full ferret occupied Pan
ama on April 24. arrested Aizpura and
the other leaders and held them prisoners
until an agreement was signed that fight
ing should not take place within the city.
Three days later the Colombian army ar
rived, and at a conference between ~tb«
Government, General Aizpura and Admir
al Jouett the insurgents capitulated. AM
of the United States forces were then
'withdrawn and were back in New York.
May 16. The Secretary of the Navy in
reporting the Incident pointed out that
the action of the navy was carefully con
fined to enforcing treaty stipulations for
free transit across the isthmus and that
our interference ceased the moment th ! n
object had been accomplished. President
Cleveland's message to Congress and the
correspondence of Secretary Bayard also
made clear that the sole purpose of the
United States in employing force was to
fulfill its guaranty under the treaty cf
184G to keep the transit open aeross tho
isthmus. The present trouble on the Isth
mus is far less . formidable than that of
1S85. but the procedure is made clear in
case the insurgents obstruct traffic. Ther*
is no present purpose of sending a ship
down from the Pacific side.
Free Transit Aross Isthmus.
The .position of the United States as to
maintaining free traffic across the Isth
mus of Panama was fully denned in 1SS5.
when extensive naval operations we'e
carried on there. An outbreak similar to
the present one occurred early in the year
and the Insurgents captured Panama airi
burned Aspinwall. When traffic became
effectually blocked the United States de
termined to act and the North Atlantic
squadron, under Rear Admiral Jouett,
was sent to the isthmus. At the same
time the Navy Department sent an expe
ditionary force from New York, consist
ing of 750 seamen and marines, command
ed by Commander McCalla. and including
three Gatling guns and three 3-inch rifles.
Admiral Jonett arrived at the isthmus
April 10. and at once landed the marines
and issued orders to open transit acroa*
the isthmus. Two armored cars fitted
with Howitzers, Gatling and Hotchkiss
guns were sent over the line, clearing the
way and making the entire transit. Gar
risons of marines were placed at Aspin
wall and Matachin. the latter place being
¦where the revolutionists have now held
up a train, according to Consul Gudger's
dispatch yesterday, :..•
The Machias is a gunboat of 1177 ton3
displacement, with twin screw3 and erood
steam capacity. She has eight four-inch
guns in her main battery, six rapid-nro
and one automatic gun. Her run to the
isthmus depends somewhat on the length
of her stay at Hampton Roads, but it is
believed she will be ready to proceed w'.th
little or no delay, in which case the trip
will take about ten davs or two weeks.
The order to the Machias followed a
conference held at the Navy Department
between- .acting secretary of State Adee
and acting Secretary of the Navy HaeK
ett. Adee had the dispatch received trum
Consul General GudgeV last night stating
that the revolutionists had held up a
train for an hour at Marachin, on the line
of the- railroad across the isthmus and
only about fifteen miles from Panama,
City. While this •was not regarded as
threatening an interruption of traffic or
giving any ground for intervention by the
United- States, yet it was deemed advis
able by the officials that one of our ships
should be there in order that suitable ob
servations could be made and steps taken
to meet any serious emergency that mtgnt
arise. For the • present officials do not
believe there will be any need of landin§
marines. The commander of the Machlaa.
Lieutenant Commander Mason Sergeant;
,is regarded as. an officer of tact and abil
ity and besides this he has had recent ex
perience in Wes.t Indian waters, having
been in command of the Scorpion when
she made her- recent trip to La Guayara
to keep watch on American interests in
Venezuela.
Machias Will Proceed Without Delay.
At the Navy Department It 13 explained
that this movement has been ordered with
a view of having the Machias take ob
servations In the vicinity of the Isthmuj.
In announcing the action of the depart
ment it was officially stated that "it Is
deemed needful that a tfnlted States war
ship be in that vicinity at this time."
WASHINGTON. Aug. 7.— An order was
Issued by the acting Secretary of the
Navy to-day for the gunboat Machius.
now at the Boston navy yard, to proceed
without delay to Hampton Roads and
there to prepare for departure to Colon,
near the eastern terminus of the Panama
Railroad. •
Judicial Ruling.
Appeals to Federal Govern
. ment for Review of a
Steps Taken to Meet Any
Emergency That May
Arise There.
Italian Consul Alleges
Treaty Has Been
Violated.
Uncle Sam Deems It
Needful to Have War
ship Near Colon.
GUNBOAT ON WAV
TO THE ISTHMUS
COURT DECISION
CAUSES TROUBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901.
11
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
San Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
OFFICE 616 MARKET STREET.
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy et bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '576 *
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Housekeeping rooms,
?10 up; others $6 up.
BOWIE ave. 6V4. off Eleventh— 3 sunny rooms,
hall and yard; rent $10.
DEVISADERO. 1311'.4— 3 or 4 sunny handsome-
ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; modern.
EDDY. 939— Large parlor; newly furnished; use
of kitchen: no children: splendid location.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping double
parlors, kitchen and bath. $20; 3 connecting.
S14; single. $t up. - -
POLSOM. 776^—2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY, 569— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD. 1G09— 2 connecting sunny housekeep-
j ing rooms; gas and bath; private family.
j LARKIN. 61J— 2 small family suites for house-
keeping; reasonable; 73c gas for cooking.
• MINNA. 111%— Bay window housekeeping room,
Jl 75; bay-window housekeepg. suite, \2 50 wk.
OAK. 119— Large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; stove, closet, storage; $10.
POLK. 1002—3 andtS room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POWFXL, HOI— 5 or 3 large sunny connecting
roon:s; jink: cas and bath; also single room«.
TURK. 123 — Sunny rooms, newly furnished,
light housekeeping.
TURK, 625— Solar flats; fine: new; Chicago
style: 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
ff unfurn. and furnished: electricity; Janitor.
VAN NESS. 400 — 3 connecting furn. sunny rms.;
stationary tubs; yard: private entrance.
j — — .
J ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfurn.
A— BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.; 100 newly
j furnished rooms. 60c up; electric lights and
• call bells in every room: elevator, baths, etc.;
| first-class; central; cjulet: gentlemen only.
i AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
! day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
| large rooms, 50c up; meals. 25c; tree coach.
i 1a— BRUNSWICK MOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
I 25c to U per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
I light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 23^McAllIster— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Arsyle: take McAllister-st. cars.
A FREE list furnished to those wanting
rooms. Apply at S. F. Renting Co., 335 Mar-
ket St., room 14.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third — 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to fl night; phone Black 4915.
I BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single;. a'so unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly i
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Elegant parlor; also single and
double room: $6 and up.
FOLSOM. $20. hear Fourth— Furnished rooms,
i $1 r>er week.
j GEARY. 4C3. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
, suites and single; travelers . accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 156— Nicely furnished
I single and double rooms; $5 up.
j GItANT ave.. 29-?-Has changed hands; ele-
! gsntly furnished sunny suites; also slnsle
j rooms, $2 per week and upward; electric call;
I telephone.
j HAIGHT, 222— Two or three perfectly appointed
| housekeeping rooms; sunny alcove; for cou- |
I pie; gas range; telephone; references.
j HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Ft., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-clajs;
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
¦week cr month; best in the city; references:
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
i JESSIE, 62—2 small sunny unfurnished rooms
j cheap.
i KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
j 'furnished rooms; en suite or single.
' LARKIN. 707. near Ellis— Newly furn. front
< room for gentleman; private family; $6 month.
j ilARKET. 1S02— Modern house: furniture new;
i gas grates; running water; ell ouLslde rooms;
gentlemen preferred: references. :
j MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
) nlshed rooms, $! a week up; 33c a day up.
I 2 OR 3 unfjirnished sunny rms, .nr Market, nr.
town; lef. exchanged; 2 adults. Box 4aS4, Call.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newiy
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MCALLISTER. 736— Large front room to let. .
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elee. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. ?8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms ?-l*.h hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 1209— To let; furnished room to a re-
spectable lady. In private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332 — Nice sunny clean suites and
elnsie rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelor'6 apartments; elegantly furnished;
all eunny rooms: references.
TURK. S43 — Nice sunny room, large enough for
2; gas and bath; $2-25 per week; private.
TURK. 8044. corner Franklin— Sunny front par-
lor. $15; hall bedroom. $6.
VAN NESS ave.. 807— Newly furnished rooms
at reasonable rates; also suite.
WELLINGTON. 75 3d— Nicely furnished rooms;
modern Improvements; rooms $1 GO week up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. TeL Church 11S1.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table attractive rms.
HOTEL Repeller, 751 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Rooms. We list your rooms fre*
this week at the S. F. Renting Co.'s. 935
Market St., room 14.
FRUITVALiE ROOMS. ~~~
FOR rent— Three furnished or unfurnished
rooms. Fremont ave.. MME. DAUNET.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe reliable; take no other;
tend 4c etamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca-
tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pin*.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124, 2C5 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth
SLOT
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
pTercE^RUDOLPH^sTarage~and^ Movini^CcLT
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. . -V -...;*
PACIFIC storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2520 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 28L,
-HE5}y5I™5L^ XD supplies.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, SS6 California; telephone Main ?66.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust:
all makes; used machines $10 up. 203 Sansome.
ASSESSMENT KOTICES.
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
pany—Location and principal place . of busi-
ness, San Francisco, Cal.; location of works,
Eanta Barbara County, Cal. Notice Is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors held on the 30th day of July, 1901,
an assessment of four cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable Immediately to the secretary of
said corporation, at its office, room 304 Claus
Spreckels building, southwest corner of Third
and Market sts.. San Francisco. Cal. Any
stock upon which this assessment - shall re-
main unpaid on the second day of September,
1901, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment is
made will be sold on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1901. to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. T. H. CURLEY, Secretary. !
Office, room 304, Claus . Spreckels building,
eouthwest corner Third and Market sts.. San
Francisco, Cal.
9:45 a. m.",. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.-. except" Sun-
day. . Sunday, . 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. - 12:30' noon,' 6 p. m.. '¦ except
Sunday. Sunday; .1 a. : m.. -4:15 : p. m. . Fare 50
cents.^. Telephone Main IMS. Landing and of-
fice,, pier J. Misslon-st. dock. 'HATCH BROS-
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN. ; FRISBIE or M0NTICELL9
And CIA SUD AM ERIC AiN A DEVAPO3ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing f rom, How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m. ; '
ACONCAGUA. .Aug. ' 6 (GUATEMALA.. Auk. 22
PERU , . . . r: . . I .Aug. 16 1 PALENA ... Sept. • 4
¦These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger , service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 316 California- street. '
,: BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. •Asents." ,
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. ; F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent. '
From Howard ' street , at 2 p. m.
: Cabin, f 105; Steerage, > $40; Meals Free. "-
S. S. Argyll ¦.¦;'¦'¦ wails . ' A'j>».'
S. K. Leelnnaw »-ni.N A'onday, Aug. 26
S. S. Argyll -. s-i s Tuesday. Sept. 24
PANAMA R.R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DlREGf.
COMPAGNIE GENERAL 3 TBANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. __^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <iS^p*?l*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. —Vwfflcyil
North River, "foot of Morton street; ' •L'Aquj.
taine, ¦ August 13; La Normandie." August »2;
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, ¦ Sep-
tember 5. . ¦¦ ¦ . ,
¦First o!ass to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York., J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agent?.. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticker Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamer".
OCEAN TBAVEL.
, :.:. Wednesday. September 11 in a. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Oansrai Agents. 327 Market St
Gen'l Passenger O!nsa, 643 Market St., fur Ka. 7. PaciSc St
..Saturday,- August 10. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
. New Zealand and Australia.........
Thursday. August 22. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA., for Tahiti.
AOAftlilA 3? <k fi*fik """All, 8AM0A, NF.V
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. . > •.
>W. H. AVERT.. General Agent.
-. .Wednesday. September 4. 1<WU
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
STEAMERS .WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannjin streets, at 1 n. m
for YOKOHAMA nnd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Naensakl and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong - with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received- on board on
day of sailing 1 .
SS. AMERICA MARIT. '..Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
CREMA TION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
.Point Lob os ave., S. Fji. Cal. -
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. ¦ .
Permits to cremate will -be issued • by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. '
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
£hanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS l
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NtARELLIS £E£f 5056
AMERICAN LINE.
tlEWJrOJS. SCuTHi'MPTOS. L0 v D0W. FABI2.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
. From New York Wednesdays*, at 10 a. m.
St Louis .AuKUFt.lt St. Louis Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St. Paul.. August 2S St. Paul Sept. IS
RED. STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington ..August 18 >outhwark..... .Sept. 4
•Zeeland August III Vaderland Sspt. 11
Friesland .....AuRust 2S|Kensinston Sept. 18
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.- .
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
MUSICAL. _ jgSTRCMEVrS Con.
GOING East account of death; must sacrifice '
large 3-pcdal upright piano. 316 Turk st.
lp.EGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
> no. SCOTT-CURTA5 Piano Co.. 560 Hayea.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ax.d new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 5 Lat-'iam place. -
STEIN WAY. J200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
Mano?. *LjO up. tv. c. Hamilton. S Flood bldg.
G £5?P- "^on^-hand upright for sale cheap.
i-CHMITZ. 16 McAllister »t.
-A. LARGE lot of eecond-hand uprfcrht pianos
lor tsale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upricht piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister gt.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand in good order; all
y'-r-py. cheap. H. S. WHITE. SIR Minion st.
PALMISTRY. \
PROF. KNIGHT. teacheT~of paimistiT. "will
pive readings for two weeks at half price. 6Vi
Ocldcn Gate ave.
2JRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones et.
MME. GERMA1NE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Ma~k*»t B*_
PERSO\ALS. ~
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call
'on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st., and
vou will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation cent to all
p^rts of the world; call or eend for circular.
OUR. new book fre*. sealed." fully Illustrated,
treats of all conditions of men, how to attain
"Perfect Manhood"; should be in the hands !
cf every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Dook DepL." Buffalo. N. Y. I
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also !
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In j
carpet twin<». in hank or chain, at lowest I
rates.- GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland. {
$17 EO— SOLID cak bedroom set: plate mirror. !
fl— Solid cak rhair:,toctory vrice. j
*2— Enamel beds. allSize*. Tel. Folsom. 132S. i
, Spf.rey'« Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th. j
•. 1LECTR1C light in every room— Winchester I
v Hctel. 44 Third ft. near Market: 700 rooms; j
"5c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SI WEEKLY— Suits to order from trenuine
Pcttch. flo up; fire dress suits, $20 np; ele-
pant overcoats. 515 up. LEON L.EMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, destroyed by elec- |
trolysis: facial massage; best Eastern refer- j
<»nees. Miss Millman. Dermatologist, T-30 Bush. I
WHITE enamel iron beds, single. thre-;-quarter
cr double. $2 2S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. l"10-l"12 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
WANTED- The address of CARL WEBER.
tailor. Write N. Davis, tailor. Truckee. Cal.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: toe: all druggists. j
SJARCEL WAVE done at the new nalrdresslng !
parlors. tSX Mason st. A. ZIRKEL. i
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray i
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists, j
SUPERFLUOUS ha'.r and moles destroyed with J
•¦lectrU- needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st. j
TAILOR made suits. *7 50: dress pants. $2 50. |
MiFf.r Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
OLD gold, *ilv«r, diamonds and precious etones i
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, S17 Market et. j
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; I
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
PIIYSICIAJVS AXD SITICEOSS.
1)57 cT^TTvDONNELL^Of Sce~and residence. '.
1C21 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh. 5
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully j
treats all diseases of the human body: eee '
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. EIUs. '
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: sanitarium, j
k.. 764-TfiB Clay St.; see testimonials at office. j
PLAXIXG AXD Tl'nXIXG MILLS. j
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping j
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. S3 Fremont st. J
HEAL. ESTATE CITV FOR S/iLE. j
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have unusual good Bargains aow.
Secure a home with little money.
J75, $100 to J230— Level lots near MSssIon-st.
cars; ?3 monthly.
175, 1100 to J3S0— Best Ocean Boulevard lots,
only 55 monthly; ready to build co.
$500 to fSQO — Graded and sewered, lnconipar-
¦able Sunset lots; your own terms.
Sunset Branch office, 9th ave., near H «t.
$400 to SSOO — Richmond lots, only-JlO monthly.
JS50, SlOW. $1300, C£00 to $3000— Bargains In
modern cottages. Sunset. Richmond and Mis-
clon districts; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
54 Chronicle building.
6IX, seven and eight rooms cottages: also two
fiat houses in block between 17th. ISth, Castro
and Noe ets. ; M cash, balance monthly pa?-
Jnents; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. P. NEL-
FON. builder.
REAL INSTATE — COUMTtY — For Sale
• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Fmall tracts, ?60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlcts or lnformatl on.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale • write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. £34 Market.
t k ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small houses for sale, lease or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J.
TUN'STEAD. San ATiselmo.
REAL ESTATG AVAATED.
LOT wanted to build flats on. DONNELLY/
CO.. CZ2 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
AX^AMEDA «tnd Frult\-ale bargains for Invest-
ors and houseseekers ¦ on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city: 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location; fin-
ished In oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot £3x170 feet.
SPECIAL,.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath"
near Elation; $1500.
A. H. DENKE.
TTepster-st. Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMNTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JCO. 118— $2230; 6-room cottage: fine neighbor-
hood; three blocks to Berkeley Station; easy
payments.
No. 122— J120O; 6 room« and attic; corner lot;
EOxllO; a big barcaln.
No. 119— $1750; 5 rooms and high basement-
' attic floored; three biocks to local; one block
to electric cars.
No. 132— $6200; block of 4 flats, well located;
, ell rented; excellent Investment; owner going
East; must be sold.
S. 6. QUACKENBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opposite First National Bank.
TOR sale— In Berkeley, near university. 6 new
modern houses; Email payro/nt down, balance
same as rent: lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
tree* on every lot; house ready to move into;
¦water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6, 7 and 8 rooms; from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement Tralks; porcelain tubs;
two closets and fence*. M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth et. and Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAIN In S-room house and corner lot In
Berkeley; all modern conveniences; owner
selling owing to removal south. J. H. LOG1E,
£05 Market St.. city.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1.50 CASH. S6 monthly — Cottage 3 rooms, hard
finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine home for
f rr.Ul family or bachelor; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 fami-
lies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the vtry best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price in all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
ibis nt once. Call or send for cricular, 455
Seventh et.. opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
fVAKLA^D FLItMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
WHITF PASS AN!)
To the ATLIN, WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON: STEWART RIVER,
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS. -\
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line at
Bkaguay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE RE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
Hr.qua and Big Salmon mines. •
Direct connection mado at. WHITE KORSK
WITH BRITISH YUKON 1 NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON.
Connections made nt DAWSON FOR ALL
LOWER TUKON RIVER POINTS.
For freight over this route, quick dispatch i<
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time. ¦
The White, Pass and Yukon Route Is the
Summer Tourist's Paradise. ¦-
E C. HAWKINS. General Manager, Seattle,
Wash. '
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager.
Ska^uay. Alaska: Seattle. Wash.
M.- P. BRASCH. Com. Agent.
. ' . ¦ . R3*' Market St.. City.
n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from his late residence. 100 McAl-
lister street, at 9:15 o'clock, thence to St
Ignatius Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DRENNEN— In this city, August 7. 1901, Leon
beloved son of Kate and Joseph • Drennen a
native of San Francisco. *
DUNNIGAN— In this city, August 7, loot
Sarah A. Dunnlean, wife of the late Wes-
ley Dunnlean, and dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. J. W. Miller, Mrs. V. Trengove, W G
Dunnigan, Mrs. M. B. Skaggs, Mrs; C. A
Mahay, M. W. Dunnigan and Laura May
Dunnigan, a native of Indiana,, and a resi-
dent of Antioch. Cal., aged 75 years 6
months and 20 days.
(E7"Funeral at Antioch, Cal., to-morrow
(Friday).
FINE— In this city, August 7. 1901. Earnest,
beloved son of Adolph and Nellie Fine and
brother of- Martha and Annie Fine and Mrs
Alice Hennick, a native of San Francisco"
aged 4 months and 3 days.
B3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CHANDLER— In Los Aneeles, Aujrust 4, 1901
Louise Carnegie, wife of Colonel J. G. Chan-
dler, U. S. A.
COSGROVE— In this city, August 6, 1901,
James, beloved husband of Mary Cosgrove
and father of John E. nnd XJames F Cos-
grove and Mrs. John Collins, a native of
County Leitrim. Ireland, aged 84 years.
BECK— In this city, August 7. 1901. Frank,
beloved husband of Nanette Beck, a native
of Germany, ag»d 43 year3 and 1 month.
BELLOMY— In this city, August 7, 1901, Helen
B.. beloved wife of Ben Bellomy, and mother
of Helen Bellomy, a native of Iowa, aged
45 years 11 months and 7 days.
BRADY— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated at Mission Dolores Church. Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, to-day (Thursday),
commencing at 9:43 o'clock, for the repose
of tbe soul of the late Mary E. Brady.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited to at-
tend.
CARLTON— In this city, August 6, 1901, Wes-
ley Carlton^ beloved son of Mary Carlton.
brother of i<rank Carlton, and brother-in-law
of May Carlton, a native of California, aged
37 years 8 months and 10 days.
DIED.
Beck. Frank McViclicr. Alexander
Bellomv. Helen B. Miller. Charles C.
Brady. Mary E. Murph*-. Lucille E.
Carlton. Wesley Neumann, Robert
Chandler, Louise C. Nevander, Bertha
Ccsgrove, James Powers, Brlgldae
•Drennen, Leon, Rick, Jacob
Dunnigran. Sarah A. Simpson. James
Fine, Earnest Talbot. Jerome C.
Finnegan, Patrick t Trieber. Falk
Gowne, Jennie M. Twyford (infant)
Hampton, Ada V Tyrrell, Joseph F.
Hentzell. Nellie Werner, Lorenze
Huntaman. Mrs. H. Walsh, Anne v
Kelly, Josie D. Wilmans, Steohen C.
MARRIED.
BLAAUW— ROSS— In this city. August 5, 1901,
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. John \V
Blaauw and Glendolen L. Ross, both of San
Flfanclsco.
THAIN— FINCKE— In this city, August 7, 1901,
- by the "Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Alexander
Thain and Ada Fincke, both of San Fran-
cisco. *
WALLACE-STEPHENSON-In this city. Au-
gust 3, 1901, by the Rev. J. T. Wills, D.D..
Earl L. Wallace and Bertha Stephenson, both
of San Francisco.
Sails Aug. '1. 11, 21, 31,' Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Auk. 6, 16/26. Kept. 5, 15. 23
D.W.HITCKCOCK.GEN.Ajrt..! Montgm'y.. S.K.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDS BERTH and KEAL1
ss. columbia.:.:\..:...v.::..;; '.':..:-
tiOIVISST 3Fl^\.1"E!SJ.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L!n-> from PortlrvH to nil
rcints T:nRt. .Through firkctvtr» nil
pcintK, »il! r»i' »-"» — S«*e^"n« I -ir»> n-\-\ —ail, m
Only StnAmahio Iilixo «<=>
O. RM& ECO.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
CHILDS— In this city, August 7, 1901, to the
wife of B. G. Childs. a son.
FLEIEHER- In Rio ¦ Vista, August 6, 1901, to
the wife of Ben Flelsher, a daughter.
HARTJE— In this city.* August 5, 1901, to the
wife of F. Hartje, a son.
TWTFORD— In this city. August 6, 1901, to
the wife of W. J. Twyford Jr.. a son.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Z. Fletcher .Wharton, 42, Sacramento, and
Luclle M. Davis, 29. city.
James J. Powers. 34. 1246 -Mission street, and
Agrnes Jones. 25, 94S Howard street.
Charles Farrington, 31, 3482 . Twenty-second
street, and Lottie Rocca, !4, Jamestown.
Edward W. Westphal, 26. city, and Eva Her-
old, 19. city.
Arthur H. Larkins, 29. 277 Hartford street,
and Alice M. M. Lee, 26. city.
James Grondona, 38. 617 Lombard street, and
Lena Barrett, 24. 119 Leavenworth street.
John J. Murphy. 29. 256 Fifth street, and
Annie Pfaendler, 18, 162 Ninth street.
Michael Lyons, 30, 314 Vicksburg street, and
Ellie Casey. 25. 314 Vicksburg street. -
William C. Carson. 3".. lf-90 Fell street, and
Minnie Downner, 28. 1890 Fell street.
Samuel K. Jensen, 24, 1301 Larlsln street, and
Caroline Sahrbacher, IS. 75A Converse street.
M. Alex Wise, 22, Almo, Or., and Louise
Attinrrer. 22, city.
• Charles H. Benton, 26, West Berkeley, and
Jeanne Duchene, 25, S12 Webster street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• - \ Steamers leave Broadway
>«>, ¦ .. Wharf. San Francisco: ". .
tSsfcfc-i^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m. .
a-SSfiSfe^ August 4. Change to eom-
' tfBp^kwSte^ pany's steamers at Seattle.
{ £$kK*9TO$~i ir ° r Victoria, Vancouver IB.
i ratSK^Sjal c -^- Port Townsend, Seattle,
£$SB§C!j3«!ll3 Taeoma, Everett, Anacorte3
' [^^4l5jzQ3&£tA and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Aug. 4 and every
fifth day thereafter. Chanse
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Taconia
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
F-T Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p.m.,
Atic 5. and every fifth day thereafter.-
For San Piego. stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anseles and Redondb (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.:
steamer State- of California. Wednesdays. " 9
a. m. '.
For Los Ans^les". calltntt at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucc. Port Harford
(Pan Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. East Sin Ppdro. San Pedro
nnd 'Newport (*Corcna only)— Steamer. Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a.m.; steamer Bonita,, Tuesdays.
0 p.. m.
For-F.nsenada. Magdalera Bay. San Jose d?l
Cabo, Mazntlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
The company reserves th° right to chance
steamers. Killing datps and hours of sailing
without prpvloHi notlfp. „,
TTCKF-T OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel 1 *.
GOODALL. FETfKTXS & CO..- Oen. Aeents.
. < 10 Market pt.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
1143 Market St., bet. 7 &8. Telphone Mint 7<5!
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies, De-
pot Quartermaster's Office. 26 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal,. August 5, 1901—
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 31 o'clock a. m.
Thursday. August 13, 1901. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, for furnishing Sad-
dlery, Wagons, Machinery, Hardware, Leath-
er,. Hardwood. Lumber. Wagon Parts. Wagon
Covers. Early deliveries are essential. Pref-
erence will, be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions ot
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
• Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed "Propo-
rals No. 6324." and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
. We serve afternoons Pine Apple Colima
Coffee made in the Dixie Coffee Pot.
Do not use enamel or metal pots that
give coffee, an acid, metallic taste, or
cloth-filters that taste musty.
Scald out with hot water, use one table-
spoon full of coffee for. each cup desired,
pour on fresh boiling water,;let stand 5
minutes (same "as tea), pour into cups
ready to serve. Don't boil your coffee as it
becomes bitter and fine flavor will be lost.
wk dixie |mi) Pot.
;:feftj/ Better
I ¦ • / Cleaner .
gP|^P .Safer"
. Three cup size 35 centi. than '
.Four cup size 4O cents.
Six cup size 45 cent!. Moial.
S Eight cup size 5O cents. . . /»»eiai-
Ten cup size OO cents, / U/ar»
| Twelve cup size 75 ¦ cents. •¦Ware
To make coffee in the " Dixie "
Best Stoneware
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies. De-
pot Quartermaster's- offlce,v36 New Montgom-
ery st, San Francisco, Cal., July 30. 1901 —
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Saturday, August 10, 1901, ' Pacific : Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing black-
smiths* aprons, bellows, beeswax, carbolln-
eum, cement, gasoline, glue, leather, neatsfoot
oil and chamois skins. Early deliveries are
essential. Preference will be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(Including In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reiect any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 6654," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LOXG, Quartermaster, U. S. A.. De-
pot Quartermaster.
ST. "DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
. i The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for the parents and
relatives of living members will- be sung in
St. -Dominic's Church to-day. (Thursday).
- at' 9 o'clock.
FINNEGAN— In this city, August 6. 1901, Pat-
rick Finnegan, a native ¦ of New York, aged
- 67 years. *. ..-¦¦¦ i • ....
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a solemn requiem' mass will be
celebrated for the reoose . of his soul, com-
mencing; at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros» Cemetery/ by 10:40 o'clock train 'from
Third, and Townsend streets.
GOWNE— In this city, August 5, 1901, Jennie
M., beloved daughter of the late John Gowne.
a native of- California, aged 40 years 8
months and 111 days. '. ¦ ¦_ '
¦ [CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen'i".
Episccpal Church, Fulton street, between
Webster ajid Fillmore. Remains at the riar-
' lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy streets; In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. -
HAMPTON— In- this- city. '¦"¦August 7,-1901, at
6:13 p. m., Ada Virginia Hampton, aged 19
years 10 months and 21 days: born at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio: daughter of William Edsar and
1 Ada N. Hampton. (Cincinnati and Colum-
bus. Ohio, papers please copy.) ; _ .
ITJ^Notice of date of funeral will be given.
HENTZELL— In Redwood City, August 6, 1901,
Nellie Hentzell, beloved wife of Eugene A.
Hentzell. and mother of Alda Hentzell, a
native of California, aged 22 years 1 month
and 3 days.
tTTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charlea'H. J. Truman .& Co.. 313
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.'
Interment Mount Olivet Cen.etery, by car-
riage.
HL'NTAMAN— In this- city. August 6, 1901.
Mrs. Hannah Huntaman, beloved aunt of Mr.
J. J. Noonan and Mrs. Ellen Murray, a na-
tive of Klnsale. , County Cork, • Ireland, aged
' 3 (CyRemaIns at the parlors of Carew & Eng-
. llsh, 29 Van Ness, avenue, j Notice of funeral
hereafter. . • ¦
KELLY— In Oakland. August 4. 1901, Josie
Delia Kelly, a native ot Ahescragh Parish.
County Gal way. Ireland, aged 40 years.
McVICKER— In Camp Meeker, Sonoma. Cal..
August 5, .1501, Alexander, husband of Hessie
¦ McVicker,' and beloved father of Donald and
Margaret McVicker. a native of County An-
' trim, ¦ Ireland, aged 42 years and 10 months.
tC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral • fo-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late^ resi-
dence. 153 Octavia street," thence to the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, for
services at 11:30- o'clock.' Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . . "
MILLER— Oakland, August 7. .1901, Charles C.
Miller, a native of Milwaukee.
MURPHY— In this city, August 7 1901, Lu-
cille E., beloved davhter of William H. and
Jennie Muruhy and sister of Mabel. Ed-
ward. Jennie and Hazel Murph". a native of
""¦-- Francisco.i aged 2 years 4 months and 15
llP'-S.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited *- -**»nd the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. G19 Hayes street. ...
NEVANDER— In Oakland, j Ausrust fi. 1901,
Bertha Nevander, beloved s daughter of Alex-
ander Nevander, and sister of Alexander Ne-
varider. a native of Finland, aged 23 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' James McManus, Seventh and Castro. streets.
Interment j Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
: land.
NEUMANN-In this citv, August 7. 1901. Rob-
ert, beloved . and only son of Gustav and
Katie Neumann, brother of Freda and Hilda
Neumann, and grandson of Mrs. Auyusta
Neumann, a native cf San Francisco, aged 2
nicnths and 11 days.
POWERS-In this city. August 7. 1901. Brlgl-
dae Powers, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
M. Connor and William, Morris and the late
Thomas Powers, a native of Ireland, aged 94
yean>. '
tTTTbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7CtS Hayes street, thence to. Sacred
Heart Church. Interment. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
RICK— In this city, August 5, 1901, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Rick,
and father of George J.,. Charles H.' and
. Emil W. Rick and Mrs. Ed Sand, a native
. of Baden, Germany, aged 64 years 7 months
and 12 days. A member of Valley Lodge
No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Badischer Vereln.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),. at - o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 121 Fell street, between Van Ness ave-
nue and Franklin street. Interment 1. O. O.
F. Cemeter;-. , . "
SIMPSON— In this city. August 6. 1901. James
¦ Simpson,- late of Woodland, Cal.. brother of
Mrs! John O. Doane. a native of Perth, Scot-
land. a;ed 66 years.
CTFuneral will take place from Masonic
Temple, Post street, to-day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock. . • t . • '^
TALBOT— In this city, .'.ugust S, 1901, Jerome
C. Talbot. brother of John C. Talbot and
Mrs. G. S. Maker of Dutch Flat, a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.*.. '¦' '
TRIEEER— In this city, August 7, 1901, Falk.
husband of Rose Trieber, and father of Mrs.
¦ Roy Seelig, Julia Morton, Beckle Trieber. J.
W. Trieber. Albert and Conrad, a native of
¦ Germany, ased 70 years and 2 months.
TYRRELL— In this city. August 7, 1901, Jo-
seph F., beloved husband of Annie Tyrrell,
father of Joseph, Henry, Edward and Wll-
' Ham Tyrrell, Mrs. J. B. . McCann and Mr».
A. E. Taylor, and brother of Jerome J. V.
Tyrrell and the late Mrs. John A. Whelan,
anntlve of Philadelphia, aged 65 years 4
months and 18 .days. A member of Court
Zenith No. 21, F. of. A. (Vallejo papers
please copy.)
(Cy-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TWYFORD— In this city. August 6, 1901, infant
son of Kate A. and W. J. Twyford Jr.
WERNER — In Oakland. Aujrust 6. 1901.
Lorcnze, beloved husband of Elizabeth Wer-
ner, and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Louis ' Huf schmidt, a native of Germany,
aged- 0!) years 5 months and 25 days. .
inTCrematlon at Odd Fellows' Cemetery at
1:30 o'clock. Funeral private.
WALSH- In this city, August 7. 1901, Anne,
beloved wife of James Walsh, and mother of
Mrs. W. -P. Stanton and John, James.
Oetfrge, Mamie, Willie and the late Sarah
Walsh, a native of San Francisco, aged 46
years and 5 months. (
WILMANS — In this city. August 6, 1901,
Stephen C. Wilmans, beloved husband of
Beatrice Partrldse Wilmans, son of .Martha
Wlimans, and brother of F. W. Wilmans and
J. M. Wilmans, a native of San Francisco. '
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at the
Masonic Temple. Post and Montgomery
streets, to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock. In-
terment private. '.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SO (twenty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
/oi the company," 327 Market ¦(., on and after
Saturday, August 10, 1901, Transfer books
closed on Saturday. August 3, 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. ' 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company. 435 Call-
lornla St.. San Francisco, on August 10. 1901.
Transfer books close Auerust 3. 1901, at noon.
. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.Verus 'cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date drugylsts sell and guarantee It. •
. Margaret ' McKenzie has ., filed suit
against j the \ Board of Education to com
pel, her ¦ reinstatement as principal of the
Hancock Grammar School. Miss McKen
zie was dismissed from the department
July_ 20 last. : . ' . -¦•..• .
Margaret McKenzie Files Suit.
There Is ; only one reason why you shouldn't
drink Jesse Moorei"A A" Whjskey— That's be
cause you have signed the pledge. • ?
A meeting was 'held yesterday of the
State Board of Accountancy- in pursuance
of an act of the last Legislature. The
meeting /was held . at the offices of the
Bank . Commissioners, 530 California
street, when the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: Colonel F
E. Beck, San Francisco, chairman; "John
Hoesch. Sacramento, vice chairman;; Carl
R. Briggs, Redding, treasurer, and Alf G
Platt, . San . Francisco.' secretary. Under
the law all public expert accountants will
have to obtain certificates from the board
which is located at 530 California street'
where examinations will be held monthly"
To Examine Public Accountants.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 7.— R. W. Parry of
this city to-day bought of C. S. I^aughton
Laughton's Springs • for $22,000. Parry,
with other capitalists, will in the near
future do extensive work at the springs
in fixing the place for a summer resort.
They are five mile3 from Reno and an
elecjtric . road ; will be built from here.
Nevada Summer Resort Sold.
SPOKANE, Wash;, Aug. 7.— A fire, be
lieved-to have been of incendiary origin,
la^t night destroyed nearly $10,000 worth
of. property at Kellogg, Idaho, the mining
town made noted by the location of the
famous bull pen during the Coeur d'Alene
riots. The chief losers: P. Hyde, grocer
ies, $">0OO; Baker's clothing store, $2000, and
Smith Drug Company, $1000.
Disastrous Fire in Idaho Town.
, BOSTON, Aug. 7.— One world's record
was broken at Charles River Park to
night,, it being in the first heat, one mile,
in the match race between Albert Cham
pion and Major Taylor, the former cover
ingthe mile in 1:29 4-5 from a flying start.
The previous record was 1:30, held by
Michael. Taylor was . defeated.
Breaks Another Cycling Record.
Will Wed Oregtmian Belle.
MYRTLE POIXT. Or., Aug. 7.— The en
gagement has been announced here of
Miss Birdie Walker, a well-known society
young lady, and Frank B. Tichenor. who
is widely known in insurance circles in
California, The wedding will take place
in October.
Puppy stake, sixteen entries— Kelly & Han
ley's Fearful Ship vs. George Nethercott's
Hickory Dick; E. Geary's Fenii vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Real Aristocrat; J. Bigglo's Colma Belle
vs. A. R. Curtis* Rowena; Sterl & Knowles'
Freeze Out vs. H. Lynch's Clarice; J. Segger
son's Algie McDonald vs. F. Jones' Dorothy
Belle; C. -O. Peterson's Haphazard vs. P.
Steinhott's Pasha Belle; F. Donnelly's Flora
Temple vs. P. M. Curtis' Becky Sharp; E.
Hood's Jim Markland vs. T. Jolley's Toronto.
Open stake, ninety-six entries— T. J. Mcln
erney's Annie Hall vs. E. . M. Kellogg's Frisco
Lad; E. Geary"s Ireland vs. .Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple; Ed Nee's First Foot vs. Ed Nee's
Spiteful: \V. Shear's Liberty Belle vs O.
Zahl's Homer Boy; F. A. McComb's Bona Fide
| vs. E. Geary's. America; E. L. Hathaway's
Bridget Cleary vs. A. R. Curtis" Blue Ribbon;
Star Kennels' May Flower vs. George Shar
man's St. Ives; Chlrinl Bros.' Dew Drop vs
T. J. Mclnerney's Norah; Michael Nealcn'3
Achilles vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; T. J.
Mclnerney's Regrina R vs. F. Anderson's Trade
Dollar; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs. Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete; P. N. Curtis' Me-
Klnley vs. P. N. Curtis' Warpath; Pasha Ken
nels' Snapshot vs. P. N. Curtis' Shadow; A.
R. Curtis' Fly by Night vs. A. Vanderberg's
Naughty Girl; Pasha Kennels' Real Article vs
Star Kennels' Hershel's Pride; F. Jones' Har
lean Gladys vs. P. Doylfi's Liberator; A. R.
Curtis' Luxor vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Rosie R-
D. J. Healy'a Tapioca vs. Jim Markland's The
Grafter; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire; C. O. Peterson's
SiU'er Cloud vs. Captain Clarkson's Miss Brum
mel; J. Meherry's Melpomene vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's The Greenback: P. ' J. Reilly's
Honesty vs. R. Strahl's Three Cheers;
E. 11. Kelloge's Iowa Lad vs. J. Dowling's Sir
Lawrence; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs.
Star Kennels' Fontenoy; Yosemlte Kennels'
Mose.vs. .P. M. Curtis' Echo; Mike Nealon's
Agememnon vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto; Pasha
Kennels' Rocker vs. Sterl & Knowles' For
Glory; Star Kennels" Pickpocket vs. W. J.
Leonard's Tom Hurley; F. A. McComb's Little
Sister vs. Star Kennels' Blackhead; P. J;
Reilly's Royal Union vs. J. Moriarlty's Ket
tleman: A. R. Curtis' Rector vs. A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad; D. . J. Healy's Tlburon vs. Ai-R.
Curtis' Candelaria: E. M. Kellogg's Modest
Lad vs. T. J. Mclnerry's Johnny R; F. A.
McComb's Royal Flush vs. J. H. Perlgo'a Far
Away: J. R. McCarthy's John Doe vs. A R
Curtis' Flying Fox; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. T. J. Cronln's Killamey; A.' R. / Curtis'
King Cotton vs. Chirini Bros.' Santenon; Pasha
Kennels' For Freedom vs. M. Nealon's Aeneas-
J. Morlarity's Snapner Garrison vs. M. B.iCav
anaugh's Swedish; L.' F. Bartels' Best Bargain
vs. T. Cox's Crockett Hill: George Sharman's
Black Flush vs. D. J. Healy's Lady Clare- R
Strahl's True Friend ivs. Ed Nee's Castaway
Joseph Porter's Baldhead vs. P. J. Cronin's
Parlor Maid: Star Kennels' Game Boy vs
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter- Sterl, &
Knowles' Ollta vs. Star Kennels'. Master Law
rence; T. Barre's Amedee vs. John A. Klein's
Coronado; Chlarini Bros.' .White Hat vs H
Lynch's Cottonball; E. M. Kellogfr's Sweet
Emma vs. D. Donovan's Railway Boy.
A crack stake of ninety-six entries and
a puppy stake of sixteen entries will be
run off at Union Coursing Park on Sat
urday and Sunday. Such clever perform
ers as For Freedom, Luxor, Palo Alto
and Homer Boy are in the open stake,
which assures some fast running. There
were thirty-nine entries in the puppy
stake and the first sixteen puppies drawn
made up the stake, thus allowing one rep
resentative from each kennel. Following
is the result of last night's drawing: "
Homer Boy Entered in Open
Stake. i
For Freedom, Palo Alto, Luxor and
CRACK DOGS TO RACE
AT UNION COURSING PARK
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6. 15 1
Chicago ...:..: 3 12 1
Batteries— Phillips and Peitz; Taylor and
Kahoe. Umpire— Nash.
Pittsburg 9 9 1
St. Louis 3 9 4
Batteries— Doheny and Yeager; Powell and
Ryan. Umpires— O'Day ana Brennan.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 7.— The locals made three
double plays on line hits in to-day's game,
which undoubtedly saved Phillips from defeat.
Taylor was hit hard. Attendance. 800. Score:
PITTSBURG. Aug. 7.— St. Louis' three errors
in the first inning put them under a handicap
that could not be overcome. Attendance, 6500.
Score :
It. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
From Vallejo— F. R. Devlin. W. A
Jones, L. McCudden and J. G. Morris at
the Bartholdi.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— M. Joost and H. Joost are at
the Union Square, F. H. May at the Ven
dome, C. M. Plum at the Holland. A. Sul
livan at the Grand Union. F. C. Torrey
and wife at the Everett. W. W. Funge at
the Holland, Madame Harbridge at the
Broadway Central, J. R. Robinson at the
Broadway Central. J. Bloom at the Hoff
man, Mrs. J. E. Sawyer, Miss C. M Saw
yer Sand A. E. Sawyer at the Manhattan.
From Los Angeles — E. W. Beeson and
Mrs. L. I. Beeson at the Gilsey. C. J. Fox
and wife at the St. Denis. Miss P. F. Mas
sen at the Imperial. E. W. Potter at the
Herald Spuare, Miss Penisch at the
Park Avenue, Mrs. C. W. Walker at the
Park avenue and A. M. Wessels' at the
Gilsey.
From Riverside— G. C. Poore at the
Broadway Central.
Californians in New York.
STOCKTON. Aug. 7.— Thomas Brigaerts
of San Francisco, indicted by the Grand
Jury for interfering with an election in
this city over a year ago. was to-day ac
ouitted of the charge. There was no evi
dence to show felonious intent or con
spiracy. While two of the clerks were
. intoxicated they left the booth and Brfg
aerts assisted in their places.
No Interference With. Election.
DENVER. Aug. 7.—^v.d?e Dixon cf th •
. District Court at Pueblrt to-<1.iy issued a
writ of mandamus against Governor Or
man. Secretary of State Mills. Auditor
Crou*er. Attorney General Pest an!
Treasurer Chlpley. composing the State
Board of Equalization, to compel the
board to meet forthwith and assess the
property of railroad and other corpora
tions in this State according to the pro
visions of the law of 1S30. Judge Dixon
recently rendered a decision declaring
the revenue law passed at the last ses
sion of the Legislature unconstitutional.
Colorado State Officials Cited.
A cloudburst did more damage to the
Central Pacific, causing a delay of trains
for seven or eight hours. The cloud broke
at a point between Berea and Floriston,
east of Truckee, pouring down an im
mense volume of water. It washed out
the track for a distance of thirty feet to
a depth of twelve feet. The disaster oc
curred in a canyon. A large force of men
was sent from Truckee to repair the break
in the roadway.
On Monday night a cloudburst at Ice
land, east of Truckee, washed out the
dam of an ice pond and the waters car
ried out a railroad culvert. Yesterday
morning a cloudburst washed out a sec
tion of track near Golconda, New Trains
were delayed several hours.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 7.— There was an
other terrific thunder storm in the Sierra
Nevada Mountains last night and. it was
accompanied by another cloudburst, the
third in a period of twenty-four hours to
stop railroad traffic on the Central Pa
cific road. .
Later in the day it became known that
the French Government was seriously
considering the question of suspending
Turkish bond quotations on the Paris
bourse as the best available means of co
ercing Turkey.
The Marseilles correspondent of L,e
Journal reports that a French sq-jadron
is waiting for the signal to proceed to
Turkish waters.
point. In fact, it is probable that the
matter will be speedily settled in a man
ner satisfactory to France. The members
of the Turkish embassy here maintain
diplomatic silence.
Terrific Storms in the
High Sierra Delay-
Trains.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 7.— This was so
cial day at the Conference of Reforms.
There were two receptions on the day'B
programme, th«? first given by the board
of managers of the Pacific Ensign, the
California organ of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, and the second given
by the State officers to the delegates and
ether visitors to the conference. At the
afternoon session there was an open dis
cussion upon the most effective way to
advance woman's franchise. Two na'pers
were read and discussed, viz.. "Justice
Essential to a Nation." by Miss Sarah M.
Severance, and "The Co-operaticn of Men
and Women in the Affairs of the World."
by N. J. B. Shultz of San Francisco. The
evening session was d<-voted to a lecture
on "Impressions of a Trip Abroad." by
Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster of San Fran
cisco.
Receptions at Reforms Conference
Vrench embassador to
turkey, who threatens
TO SEVER RELATIONS.
By hard work the firemen kept the
flames from spreading further and the
damage to most of the houses was
nominal. There vtsls but one doorway by
which the horses in the stables could have
been liberated and the spread of the fire
was so rapid that this means of escape
for the dumb brutes was cut off.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. ".—Fire broke
out at 2:50 o'clock this morning at the
Oregon Livery and Feed Stables, con
ducted by John Kerr at the northwest
corner of Sixth and Couch streets, and
the fiarces rapidly spread to adjacent
buildings. About fiftj- horses are sup
posed to have been burned to death. The
total loss is about $30,000. A northwest
wind was blowing and before the fire was
checked a number of small' houses were
destroyed or badly damaged. For a time
the new Federal building was in danger.
Disastrous Blaze in Oreg-on's Metrop
• -oils Destroys Many Animals
and Several Buildings.
FIFTY HORSES DIE
IN A STABLE FIBE
FLOODS ROAR
ON THE RAIL
PARIS, Aug. 7.— A high official of
the French Foreign Office to-day
explained to a correspondent the
nature of the difficulty at Con
stantinople between the French
Embassador there, M. Constans, and the
Turkish Government. There are two mat
ters pending between France and Turkey
— the affair of the quay company and a
number of claims of Frenchmen against
the Porte, the amount of which was fixed
and payment promised long ago. M. Con
stans has been unable to obtain satisfac
tion in either matter, and in May he inti
mated that he would be forced to ask for
his recall if the Turkish Government per
sisted in its procrastinating tactics.
fully at Cleveland.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 7.— Philadelphia and
Washington played two games here to-day,
each winning a contest. In the first game the
home team won by better hitting. The second
game was lost to the visitors through the poor
work of Pitcher Plank. Attendance, 5500.
Score:
First game — R. H. ' E.
¦Washington 1 7 2
Philadelphia 4 12 1
Batteries— Mercer and Grady; Bernhard and
Powers.
Second game — ¦ R. H. E.
"Washington 7 14 2
Philadelphia 3 9.1
Batteries— Patton and Grady; Plank and
Powers.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 7.— In the ninth inning,
with two men on bases. Bracken hit to deep
left. Just touching the foul line. Umpire Manas
sau called the ball safe and the winning run
crossed the plate before the ball was returned.
The Milwaukee | players rushed at Manassau,
claiming that the ball "was not safe. Duffy ran
in from center field, and after arguing a mo
ment with Manassau landed a right swing on
the umpire's jaw. Friel and Conroy also got
in the mix-up. Attendance, 2100. Score: «-
R. H. E.
Cleveland 5 10 3
Milwaukee * 6 0
Batteries— Bracken and Connor; Reidy and
Maloney. . * i
DETROIT, Aug. 7.— The only branch of the
game that Chicago excelled in this afternoon
was 1 kicking, and their work In this line re
sulted in Griffith. being- put out of the grounds
and Mertes being fined and benched. Attend
ance, 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 12 5
Detroit ....I.... 9 17 1
Batteries— Callahan and Sullivan; Teager and
Shaw. , • , ¦
BALTIMORE. Aug. 7.— The Baltimore and
Boston "teams broke even in a double-header
here to-day. Both pitchers were- hit hard in the
first game and poor base running by the locals
gave the contest to the visitors. The second
game went to Baltimore in the sixth inninc
when the Boston team^went to pieces. Attend
ance, 4777. Score:
First same— ' R. H. E.
Baltimore 5 14 2
Boston -10 13 • 1
Batteries — Foreman and Bresnehan; Lewis
and Schreck.
Second game — R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 12 3
Boston 4 11 . 3
Batteries — McGinnlty and Bresnehan; Cuppy
and Crljrer. . I
Duffy, Friel and Conroy of the Mil
waukee Team Act Disgrace-
EASTERN BALL-PLAYEBS
ASSATTLT AN XTMPIBE
Fifth race, six furlongs— McChesney won,
Lord Quex second. Commissioner Forster third.
Time. 1:13 3-5.
Sixth race, cne mile and a slxtenth. selling —
Ccnstellator won. Nettle Regent second, Chorub
Boy third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
DETROIT. Aus. 7.— Windsor summary:
First race, mile, selling — Jena won, Porter
B second, Martha Street third. Time, 1:44.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Xina B
L won, Jessie Jarboe second. B. G. Fox third.
Time. 1:28.
Third race, six furlonars, selling— Remark
won. John Todd second. Dominie third. Time,
l:14Vi.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Atoman won,
Polly Bisby second. Little Land third. Time,
1:42.
Fifth race, one mile and a quarter, selling —
Baffled won. P?.eemaker second. Miss Soak
third. Time. 2:08.
Sixth race, six furlonEF — Joe Martin won.
Frelinghuysen second, Irish Jewel third.
Time, 103%.
BUTTE, Mont.. Auc. ".—Results:
First race, pacing, 2:1J class — Oreson Bull
won in two straight heats, J D second, Heppie
third. Best time, 2:17%.
Second race, one mile and an eighth— Chinook
won. Ace second, Delgado third. Time, 2:00%.
Third race, five furlongs — Ponpy A won, Ar
line B second, T'^fts third. Time. 1:02.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Foul
Play won, Blanche Sheppard second, Lady Con
trary third. Time, 1:C9.
Fifth race, one mile — Foncllff won, Ting-a-
L'ng second, Sisquoc third. Time, 1:43.
Sixth race, three and a half furlongs — Big
Dutch won. Abba L second. Honest John third.
Time, :41.
SA R ATOG A, Aus. ".—Results :
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Schwatbe won. Dark Secret second, Batyan
third. Time. 1:10.
Second race, steeplechase, short course, about
two miles — Bullinsrdon won. Fulminate second,
Zanzibar third. Time, 4:23 3-5.
Third race, the Spinaway Stakes, for two
year-old fillies, flv<! and a half furlongs—Ros
signol won. Disadvantage second, Amiclta
third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
Fourth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth —
Admonition won, Dolando second. Little Daisy
third. Time. 1:53 4-5.
Fifth race, six furlcnes — Apple of My Eye
won. Sharpshooter second. Lamp o'Lee third.
Time. 1:18.
Harlem.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 7. — Delmar Park summary.
First race, six furlongs, selling— Brigand
Queen won, Inuendo second, J. V. Hays third.
Time. 1:16.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Miss Dora won. Royal Athlete second. Hunter
Raine third. Time, 1:09.
Third race, one mile nnd seventy yards, sell
ing—Pirate's Daughter won, Tom Cromwell
6tcond. Kate Freeman third. Time. 1:4S.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Sard won. Matt
Hoyan second. Lord Xeville third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, ore mile and a sixteenth— Lunar
won, Ida Ledford second, Dan Paxton third.
Time, 1:49%.
SIsth race, six furlongs, selling — R. Q. Ban
won. Benham second, Hindoonet third. Time.
CHICAGO, Aug. ".—Harlem results:
First race, 'five furlongs— I. Samuelson won,
Pyrrho second. Doreen third. Time. 1:01 3-5.
Second race, six furlong-s — The Pride won,
Andes second, Fleuron third. Time, 1:12 3-5.
Third race, steeplechase, short course— Fllon
d'Or won. Frond second, Dick Furber third.
Time. 3:3S 4-5. **
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth — Ad
vance Guard 'won. Pink Coat second, Vesuvian
third. Time, 1:54 3-5.
BESUI/TS OF THE RACES
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Filon d'Or Wins the Steeplechase
Over the Short Course at
Mrs. Barbara Stell of El Cajon was in
jured about the left shoulder. Miss
Lenore Green. Mrs. E. N. Sullivan and S.
B. Williams were slightly injured. Man
ager Waterman, who was a passenger,
took charge cf the work and as soon as
he had landed the injured safely in the
city, set about the repairs and opening of
the track. Traffic can be resumed by to
morrow nocn.
Miss Wharton had been thrown quite a
distance through the car and was severe
ly injured. She remained unconscious
from the time she was taken from the
car. She is injured about the back, hips
and head and it will be a day or two be
fore the physician is able to say how seri
ously. •
Th-* passenger coach followed the
freight car and as it left the embank
ment turned on its side. The passengers
had had some chance to brace themselves
for the shock, but some of them were
thrown quite a distance. The trainmen
and those passengers who were uninjured
began the work of rescue and the engine
was sent to San Diego for other coaches
and a physician. Dr. Hearne went out
and all the passengers were brought in.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 7.— An accident on
the Cuyamaca road this evening is likely
to cause the death of Miss Helen Whar
ton, a niece of W. B. Prentis of Spring
Valley, azid for a time it seemed that there
might be others to record as among the
seriously injured. They are, however,
pronounced out of danger.
The accident -was caused by a broken
wheel on a flat car loaded with rock from
Santee Quarries. The train, which was
due here at a little befcre 4 o'clock, con
sisted of three cars of rock, one freight
car and a passenger coach with about
twelve passengers. When the wheel broke
the train was coming up the Schulenberg
grade, about four miles east of the city.
The car left the track and bumped along
over the ties for quite a distance, flnally
topoling into the ditch. The boxcar on
which Conductor Butler and the brake
man were riding, followed, but the men
landed on their feet without injury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dawson correspondence dated July 2S
tells of the discovery of a rich vein of
copper ore twenty-five miles from • Daw
son. '"Word has been received at Dawson
that the Indians from the headwaters 'of
the Tanana' have brought down a large
bag of copper ore of extraordinary rich
ness to barter at Forty-mile. A new
strike of gold is reported on Glenn Gulch
on the American side, near Rampart.
Two companies with a capitalization of
$1,000,000 each have been formed and are
now putting in a large plant for carrying
.water to the creeks from the Yukon Riv
er. These companies are required to spend
at least half a million dollars apiece this
year, so that the work will be completed
in time to give a sufficient supply of wat
er for next season. The plan is of great
importance to the Klondike. . Most of the
gold shipments now being made go by
way of St. Michael and the mouth of the
Yukon River. The Bank of British North
America has just sent a shipment of <a
million and a quarter dollars down the
river to be sent to the Mint at San Fran
cisco. •
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 7.-The
steamer Islander arrived this morning
from Skaguay with sixty-five passengers
and over $100,000 in gold. The Klondike
passengers' say that the season through
out the mining district is the.dryest and
hottest for five years. As a consequence
the creeks have practically dried up and
there, is not water enough to operate half
the sluices. Not only will a large part of
the clean-up be delayed on account of the
insufficient supply but the output will be
materially decreased for the whole season.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Valenzuela was unharmed and securing
a horse he rode across to the American
side and was lodged in jail in Nogales,
Ariz. His infuriated fellow officers fol
lowed him and were about to arrest him
when the American authorities inter
ferred and took charge of him. He will
be extradited* and sent across the line.
Yaqui Valenzuela, a policeman In the
town, became insane from over-indul
gence in liquor and with two revolvers
rode up the main street, shooting at two
other policemen who tried to stop him.
The entire force started in chase and Val
enzuela took refuge behind a house, where
he stood off half a score of officers. The
latter emptied their revolvers at him and
he in turn used all his ammunition in re
ply. Hundreds of people assembled to see
the fight and two stray bullets struck by
standers.
NOGALES, Sonora, Aug. 7.— Just across
the international line a fierce battle oc
curred Monday in which three policemen
and t-vro bystanders were wounded, some
of them seriously.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Companies , With Immense
_ Capital Plan for Water
Supply.
Death of One Passenger May
Result From Her
iDjuries.
Officer Runs Amuck, and
Stops a Mob With His
Bullets. . \
Women Hurt in a Rail
road Accident Near
San Diego.
Brisk Battle With Re
volvers in Mexican
Nogales.
Torrid Weather in the
Klondike Stops the
Prospectors.
CAR TOPPLES
INTO A DITCH
DRUNKEN MAN
SHOOTS POLICE
CREEKS DRY
MINERS IDLE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901
12
FRENCH GOVERNMENT
MAY COERCE TURKEY
Ottoman Bond' Quotations Are Likely to Be
Suspended on the Paris Bourse Until the
Porte Settles All Questions in Dispute
i The French Foreign Minister, M. , Del
casse, who returned ¦ to • Paris yesterday,
went the same afternoon to Rambouillet,
dined with President Loubet, spent the
night at Rambouillet and, returning to
Paris to-day, he will see the, Turkish Em
bassador to-morrow. It is possible that
• he may have to renew M. Constans'-inti
mation regarding his recall, but it is more
likely that the incident will not reach that
BERLIN, Aug. ".— A man claiming to
be E. C. Bolles of San Francisco, but who
registered at the-Kaiserhof as Bolles of
Boston, was arrested to-day for present-
ing at a branch of the Dresdener Bank
checks identified as part of the booty ob-
tained by the robbery of the American
Express Company's office in Paris during
last April. .
San Franciscan in Jail at Berlin.
1!^ *^S3l^^^- , m^LJ* : ''
SPECIAL SALE !
TBniSDAY, FRIDAY, SATC8DAY.
WE PLEASE THE PEOPLE AND IT '
PLEASES US TO KNOW THAT THEY
ARE BEING PLEASED.
HAMS, Ib... r He
Finest Eastern.
Regularly 15%c.
PORK AND BEANS,* Mb can IOc
Kuner's, with. Tomato Sauce.
very delicious. Regularly 13c.
CLARET, gallon 35c
A eood old table wine.
Resularly 50c.
BALDWIN BRANDY, bot 75c
Gallon... $3.00
Made in 1S33.
Recommended for Family
and Medicinal use.
Reculariy $1 23 and $3.
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 dozen boxes . . 25c
Ideal brand— most reliable.
Rerularly 2 doz. 25c.
WASHING POWDER, 4-Ib pkg. . . .20c
¦ Swift's— superior to a.11 others
for general use.
WOOD ALCOHOL . . bot 30c, gallon $1.00 \
For burning purposes. V \
Resularly 40c and $1 25.
OLIVES, Farcies, bot 20c '
Olives stuffed with anchovies.
Regularly 25c.
LEMONS, dozen ...20c
: Fancy Cal. Lemons, extra large.
Reffulaxly 30c. .
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED-CATA-
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN S5S2.
b9 Sj@^* B^M
TO=DAY.
• CHILDREN'S EMPIRE DRESSES, made
of best . quality • percale, bretelles over
shoulders, neck, sleeves, yoke and bre-
¦ telles trimmed with linen lace;
worth 75c. On sale T-O'w
9Kr For 50c' quality in an entire new
— OV effect AVOMEN'S BLACK or RED
LACE HOSE.
Closing out our SJ.Sr; and Sftt.SO
.WOMEN'S SUMMER , OVERSKIRTS.
Among them ¦ are skirts "made of linen
crash, . covert cloths, solid . colors and
polka dot. duck, etc. All %o atTPZ./-
one price.. ; ft Uv
<Kf>"rbO For any of our $3 to $3 50
«t>^r«W CHILD RE N' S- WHITE
PIQUE CAPES or COATS. These gar-
ments are beautifully trimmed with fine
embroideries and Insertions.
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS, made of best
percale, bretelles, collar and sleeves neatly
trimmed; made with 'deep flounce; waist
and sleeves lined; colors of Navy Blue.
Reds. Pinks. Bright Blues, Blacks 'and
White and Mourning colors; cannot buy as
Rood a wrapper elsewhere under AQ,,
U -50. Our price.. tPCjC
Something Nivv.
¦ The latest DIP BELT, made - of best
quality black satin; whaleboned back,
with gold or silver buckles of the
very prettiest designs. On sale fJC5£»
HALF ' PRICE" JX i u C^ L !
DREN'S SUMMER HATS or BONNETS.
' You can buy our 75c headwear.for USc,
and so on up or down the line. . ¦
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. : , .
Affects the Brain.
f rt$sii$m Mayerle'a " Q la s s e s
' ;> JaKM$ tren s:then the Eye and
WW^^^SmMm GEORGE MAYERLT*
I ' 'V*J "m *wjyp^ German Expert Optl-
HBhH^I 'Also graduate Amerl-
Wp&a^&S&ar^mm H San Francisco, Cal".*
H^cISeS ' TtzF '*- *^fieHraSat Telephone South 572.
BSmbw 't$W$**tM&Sk Si Open Evenings: until 9.
HSwB '' <^^MhI PI German Evewater, 50c.
Si per Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
/ JfSr^fc ©^dmiratioiv /
1_^ T^ S^^r~ T - WaS ex P ressed b y the troubadour in \
f^^tfe^r^j "~ * son S s to his lady. It was expressed by
wS^v^W"^ the la^y herself in choosing the pretty things
f&*^§^*<^3k tO WCar that made her the inspiration of
bards and poets. There is nothing that con-
ipi^g^'irtiMMtmwii... tributes so much to the attractive, stylish ap-
pearance of a lady or gentleman as shoes made
J»*MIT by skilled workmen in the best fashions of
m^ theday ' > A
T&2 We have just received for our J&
f New $3 JO Department ff|
I for Men and Women a large assortment of Ox- * /ff^^jj *&
| fords and Boots, in Patent Leathers and all Sm^^^J*^*
I . other materials, that are V not only the latest and 7^\&&ffl &
ij prettiest things out, but arc our exclusive shapes. /
f If you want a $3.50 shoe that will always look / V. \3 \ "
I smart and never look common go to ' *^K^^J r^ I
For. LIQ.UOR «nd MORPHINE . HABITS.
Twenty Years' Experience.
. Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis st., near Powell., Hours, 10 to 12
a. m.. 2 to 4 p. m.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
La.e Super! '.tsr dent Physician City
and Count •• Ho - pita!.
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.'
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,
Hale's.
Hale's.
Market St., near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate. *^*^ x& -vSR f}$\.
To-day the Seventh Stone in our Business \ **""". :•'- -^^^^^5-^33 3r
Building-up Movement, . \^&^^r jk&^SrW
Quick to see what you want, quick ¦# \
to get it, quick to wait on you when *- J^(&^ & \
you come after it. Quick to send it to *}? 5 '§
you when you've bought it. Quick to ,. . Jr ¦ \ \ f x
do your bidding. We wanted to be so '. -s^^ h> >S .
prompt in the delivery of our jjoods oceoe 00 "^ Ijg x|
that we instituted a delivery system of our own. I > ?6
We are here to look after your interests. We're going to do > I m
it so well you'll think more of us than any one else. kg 69
Catch the building spirit? ?m
149 Ladies' Jackets Sacrifice!! ||
To-day *oi» the First Time. 2 ' \ | j
These are not next fall's styles. Only overly particular 6; t]
women will notice the difference. The sleeves may be 81 j| >
a trifle longer and not quite as tight as what tricky Miss Fashion 0 8»Z
would approve of. If you are not particular about little points ?J !
we've made the price so low it would pay you to fix them over. || .
If you want us to change them we'll do it for a dollar. fig [ J
$1.50— Marked down from $2.50. || if
28 Jackets in this lot, mixed colors; all In ladles' sizes, suyl* as 8 2 ('[
32, 34, 36. Jackets marked yesterday at $2.50 on sale to-day, U.o0. 9 k <R
$2.50— Marked down from $4.95. |f [
Just 50 In this lot. made of fine broadcloth and other materials. 4 j !|
most of them lined with satin or Taffeta silk. Sleeves don't fit as 9 S
• snugly as the new style ones, but then you can make them. Some 9 | j x
are trimmed with braid. Colors green, brown, blue and gray. Sizes S >4
32, 34, 36. 91 5
$2.95— Marked down from $3.95. ij |I
71 in this lot, made of all-wool kersey, with tight-fltting backs, 1 1 '!
box fronts, lined throughout and tailor stitched. Blacks only. 6 f j >
Sheets and Pillow Cases
To-day for the First Time. : || j
Economical folks can.'t afford to skip our sheets and pillow ;,|!!!
cases this month. We are noted all along for giving better values \t\\s
in these things than anybody else, but this month we are going ASy£
to beat ourselves. \r£fs
12£c Cases for IOc. Bleached Sheets 42c >J^
45x36 inches, with a 2-inch 250 of them put on the counter t I
hem, made from a heavy qual- this morning. Made from a kJi
ity muslin, made from short firm, fine muslin, with a 2-inch X
lengths of sheetings— the same hem; size 72x90. the usual size I . —
quality as goods in the 12-/4c for a double bed. O -A
cases. rrompt-
But maybe you would rather make your own sheets. -
Save money, then, too, on these. fICSS
Our 22c Grade of Sheetings for I8c. I _,.
It is a fine quality, unbleached, io-quarter width. We I . "
had to arrange long ago for this stuff, and an extra quan- Afew
tity of it, in order to get it 4 cents under price. ' '^
Towels and Table Linens i
Irresistible Offers. Chff*/?//-
If we didn't expect that you'd buy again we couldn't **iui
afford to do as we are doing. We are bending every en- #7^«* \
ergy to give you more for your money than you ever 'fvO^
got before — so much more that when you want towels or [^ '_.._"£
linens again you'll naturally come here. We know you P: " ' ™
can't buy finer, truer or more worthy linens. We were sure KjO/ICP/J'
of that before we asked you to come. It would be folly for
us to build if we weren't first sure of our foundations. 'ttfififlh
12^c Toweling for 9c. 60c Damask, 48c.
It's twilled and all linen. 17 Unbleached. 64 Inches wid<». "i" -¦¦..v-rf.i .
inches wide.' Just as good and heavy, sturdy quality, pure linen: j^a
honest a quality as we know of lts worthy of Hale's. Even at /^l^AJPV
at 12%c. We've marked it 9c. 6Oc you re getting more than an * \\JI l%.7
We might have taken a cheaper average money's worth, so you j-^ /S-
one and marked them 9c. but c * n J ee lt must b « a n extra yalne /~CA/>/\
we want to win as much of your at ' Sc - • . l~JO%si \
favor as we could, so the best $2.50 Napkins fOP SI 95 -._.. „ /..
was -none too good. Bleached, all linen. 21 inchet .«¦»'¦• h*s/V',
,_, „ , _ .. __ square: they are in pretty dot •? _ — _/ ' -
12>£c Huck Toweling IOc patterns. We started with a 9 j Of) fl
hundred dozen a few days ago. "*•" ¦-¦
It's all white, 17 Inches wide. We can see already they ar» not y* **/
a grade we always put In the going to last as long as we I IflfifTQ.
12%c class. . thought they would. \JlrUU&
15c Horn Combs, 7c. wg
Here's a building-up value; they'll do us a heap of \ 7 //
good; seldom that such an article of everyday use is mark- VV/// ¦
ed half-price. They are 8 inches long, j— .1 [ t
in the regular way-sell for ijjc We put F^*-, < i^^'j; 1^''sA''/nil I
them on sale this morning at 7c each, r, • • _i apr) 3 ""(_i.3^'*V\ > x "^-5t^
The. J. Noonan Farnltare Co. (Inc.)
CANE SEAT~CH AIRS, 90c EACH.'
We are carrying an immense line of '
these chairs, in an infinite variety of 1
styles and handsome patterns; all <
'prices, too. You see as we have no,
)rent to pay we sell very much U> your
) advantage, and you will find it so in '
| every line of household furnishings. <
and we 'have a very complete stock, i
' Can furnish your entire house; try us. (
[The J. Noonan Furniture Company.
' (Incorporated.) .
}lOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET,
i Above Sixth, San Francisco. . • (
) We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
j^$$l PAINli
¦^L-A- 1 """ 11 !,>¦ m i inn ~r r h b Iga f >fflwl kb R*3j Id 1 Bacs
r s r!3 r«m 5S h*& A
E Am Bin UflH Km BSHS n MkC
EC* « jtM f inH E^^S^b n»i KS39 M upMC II Q