INQUEST IN SITKA OVER VICTIMS
OF ISLANDER DISASTER CONFIRMS
CHARGE OF CAPTAIN'S DRUNKENNESS
SEATTLE. Aug. 20.-J. T. Snyder. a
resident of Juneau, arrived on the
steamer Farallon to-day from
Juneau. Mr. Snyder was on the
Islander, but returned to Juneau
after escaping death in the disaster. He
was in the water three hours, clinging to
a raft, and was finally picked up in an
unconscious condition. He left the boat
just a half minute after the captain
- . — — ¦ ¦ . . . i
Calision Occurs While He and Other Officers Are Intoxi
cated in the Saloon and Many Lives Are /Sacrificed
by His Refusal to Permit the Vessel to Be Beached
WILLIAM F. GRIFFIN, a
plumber's apprentice, was •
shot and killed by. George D.
Gillespie, a lodging-house
keeper, well known ', in politi
cal and labor circles, during an argument
last night. The shooting occurred in the
murdered man's room at 119 Ninth street,
and was -witnessed by the wives of both .
men. Stories concerning the affair dis
agree to some extent. Gillespie says that
he flourished his revolver, believing his
PRINCIPALS AND SCENE OF MURDER IN A NINTH-STREET LODG
ING HOUSE, WHICH'WAS WITNESSED BY THE WIVES OF BOTH
THE SHOOTER AND HIS VICTIM.
The /quartermasters who were at the
wheel at the time corroborate the story
of Pilot Le Blanc as to ice "having been
seen, and also as to the condition of the
weather, and they reiterate the state
ments so. often made of the coolness of
the officers and crew, and of the efforts
to save the passengers at the risk of their
own lives. Second Mate Powell has
modified his statement that a man on a
raft drew a revolver and threatened him
and Captain Foote ih' his efforts to get
them to leave the raft, and he now says
that the man simply threatened them and
did not draw a revolver. But the man ac
cused, A.-C. Beach, a member of the First
Canadian . contingent, has - come ; forward
and admitted he was .. the . man who
threatened to thoot any one* who attempt-
LOCKED, IK COAI/ BXTITKEKS.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 2O.-Intervlews
with the survivors of the steamer Islander
who reached here last night and this
morning failed to throw further light
upon the disaster and none were able to
give additional names of victims.
• < Mrs. ¦ Caldweir.was a bride of but isix
months. :; ; Dexter -'is ;• far' from : « railroads,"
there Ta're. ; no: telegraph", facilities," ,'and''Jt'
will be*. Eorhe t irrie .before '.. all the details
of the lynching can s be learned; ' * ¦
:'lt is said that, it was the Intention of
the. mob to take .Wilder ¦ back , to the
scene of his "crime: and - there lynch . him;
but messages, by telephone and •; telegraph
gave ' warning •; that the authorities j were
hastily, repairing to the scene. with aTcon
siderable; force, and the' work of iexecu
tion;, was' expedited. . - . . •"¦
, The ' burning ¦ occurred early to-night.
The mob was composed of i3(XK men. The
negro was ; taken to a treeand swung up
in the air. Wood and fodder -were'; plied
beneath his body, and a hot fire made.
Then.it was suggested that the man ought
not' to die too quickly and he was let down
to the ' ground, while I a . :'. party ; went to
Dexter,. but two miles distant, to procure
coal; oil. J This .was , thrown oh" the flames
arid the work completed.-. . '¦• '.. ' \
DALLAS, Texas, Aug.' 20.— A dispatch
received here to-night v frbm Whitesboro,
Texas*,- ' says the negro Alf Wilder,
charged with the , murder of Mrs. Cald
well," the wife of a Grayson ' County far
mer, at 'her home- on Saturday last, was
captured by a mob" 1 and burned at Nel
son's ranch; two and one-half miles east
of .Red' Ranch. -.
Slowly Cremated.
Murderer Suspended From a Tree and
NEGEO' . BURNED IN TEXAS.
•"When I saw the weapon I realized that
lie had murder»iri' his r heart" nr.d ran to
mv room for mj revolver. As quickly as
"Last ni?ht my wife heard the sound of
dishes' breaking In "Griffin's room. 'and
went -to the door. Griffin wa3* using
abusive language and hurling '.. crockery
and glassware about the place.- She told
him to be more quiet and he Insulted her.
I stepped from my. room at. this time and
my ..wife called;me. I entered the room
where the strife j prevailed and Inquired
what the trouble was. Griffin replied
with an oath and ordered me into the
hallway.* I. told him that I would not go
until I had an understanding about his
future behavior and . the wordy war - be^
Ran. He said he paid for the room and
he" could. do as he wished, but I said tliat
he. had no right to destroy^property And
disturb the . peace of other guests. One
word > led #to ' another and I found m yself
unable toquiet him. ; Finally- he ordered
both/myself and iny wife out of the room.'
and rushing to a cupboard seized a large
knife.- * : .•:.:-¦- •¦ • ¦ . ¦'.- . '- . . . . ¦
"One month ago the family gave . up
their rooms and went away. I heard no
more of them until a week later, when
Mrs. Griffin came back and asked for ac
commodations. She said the baby had
died but three days before. I told her
that her husband's conduct had made him
an objectionable, tenant and that 'I would
like, her to seek quarters elsewhere. -She
replied that he had taken the pledge and
promised to behave. On condition that he
would,' I accepted them • and - assigned
them to a room near my, own apartments.
Intending to watch him closely.
George D. Gillespie has bee** a resident
of San Francisco for a number of. years
and has gained much notoriety as a. labor
agitator and a politician. He was the
State and county secretary of the Peo
ple's Party "committees at the time of its
organization in California and .was de
feated for the Assembly in the Thirtieth
District when he was a candidate several
; years ago. He was also the secretary . of
the Knights of Labor in San Francisco
and when that organization was strong In
Denver became its secretary T at that place.
Mrs. Griffin ;>ays the argument was over
unpaid rent a3 well as the disturbances
in the house. She says her husband did
not have a weapon and made no motion
whatever and that Gillespie had no reason
to suppose his life in danger. She also
aver3 that her husband was seated in the
chair when the shot that killed him was
fired. Soon after the ambulance arrived
she, went to. the Emergency Hospital and
was with her husband when he died. Then
she went to the home of her sister. Im
mediatc'y after the tragedy both she and
Mrs.' Gillespie went into hysterics and
were carried from the room. .
I got it I came back and told him that I
could play that kind of a game myself.
Then, with an oath, he placed his hand to
his hip pocket. I saw the motion and
raised my gun. As I did so I must hava
thrown great pressure on the trigger, for
the revolver went off and I saw Griffin
drop tack Into a chair and his head fall
over en his shoulder. I did not intend to
fire at that moment. I simply wanted to
cover him, so that he would not draw a
revolver, which I supposed he had."
"The captain had been drinking most of
the time after we left. I saw him at the
bar after 11 o'clock that night, accom
panied by one of the other officers, .and
they were quite noisy. When" the boat
struck we came on deck as soon as . we
could, but at no time saw the captain or
pilot. The steward was taking an active
part in lowering the boats, although some
one had told him not to do so. There is
no doubt that the boat could have been
beached and the lives of all the pass
engers saVed. The steward stayed with
her until she stood at. an angle of about
sixty degrees and then abandoned her
just as she plunged under the water. To
his a«>*Vnty, courage and judgment, many
oi Cd owe our lives. There was simply
no discipline whatever among trie crew or
officers."
three brothers, and Arthur Longemak, a
party of miners who have been at Forty
Mile for the past four years, were return
ing on the Islander. Mr. Longemak said
in an interview: «
jumped overboard and they both held to
the same raft for fully a half hour-. In
conversation during that time the captain
said he could not understand why . the
boat went down so quickly. .
The captain said: "Boys. I cannot stand
It any longer," and, casting his life pre
server away, sank at once. At the Inquest
held in Juneau, which Mr. Snyder at
tended, evidence developed which may
tend to excuse the captain for not having
beached the Islander at once. Mr.
Enyder said:
"At the Inquest It was established be
yond doubt that the captain had been
drinking more than was good for him and
was In the saloon when the ship struck,
considerably intoxicated. The plrot testi
fied that he was on the bridge and that
as soon as she struck he told the captain
he was going to beach her, but the cap
tain said. 'No. there Is a better place
about three miles from here, and she will
easily float that long.*
"The testimony showed that there was
u. stowaway In the forward water tight
compartment, and when the vessel struck
the water rushed In on him and he set up
a crj'- He was immediately ' under the
sailors' quarters, and in response to his
Fhouts the sailors thoughtlessly rushed
down and opened the compartment, which
allowed the sea. U> come rolling Into. the
hold, carrying the body of the stowaway
and a sailor with it This was done with
out the captain's knowledge and I believe
affords an excuse for his error in believ
ing that the vessel would float several
hours. This it would have done had the
water tight compartment not been opened,
and he could have beached her in a small
bay about three miles away. It was
established that if the pilot had carried
out his intention he could have got ' her
on the beach without the loss of any lives
except that of the 6towaway and the
sailor. After I got on deck there seemed j
to be no one, in charge, although it ap
peared to rne that the steward did more
than any one else in lowering the boats
and getting- the passengers upon deck."
V. L. Doyle, C. Doyle and G. Doyle,
... The census of, the north will have to
be taken over, as the list was lost in tho
wreck. ' <¦•.-. r
The Islander was insured for $100,000.
but the company estimates that It lost
$50,000 by the disaster, beside losing • its
best steamer just as business was: get
ting good.. . : ; ; ¦ >.•¦"¦¦'¦
Captain Harris, formerly a sealing cap
tain and later on one • of the Yukon
River steamers, was coming down as a
passenger. He was with' Captain Foote
In {be dlnlng-hall when the ship struck
and was on 'the bridge up to 12:30 o'clock
with Pilot Le Blanc. | He verifies the pi
lot's statement as to the condition of the
weather. When the ship struck he went
on the bridge with. the captain and heard
him give his orders in the coolest pos
sible manner. , When the boats" were low
ered Captain Harris went to the port
side, as the second mate had not yet
been called, and he says that every per
son who was in sight was taking to the
boats, .he being the- last one ' ( to leave.
As, to what happened on the starboard
side, he Is unable to say. Every life that
It was . possible to save, -he says, was
saved. The stewards did their utmost to
awaken passengers. Second Steward Fow
ler giving up his life in 1 the effort, but
the captain believes many did not realize
the danger and went down' as they slept
Had others presented themselves there
was room for them in the port boats.
Andrew Keating and his 1 two sons of
L03 Angeles and this city were not seen
after the ship struck, and It is believed
they slept through it all and went down
with the steamship. _¦
Captain Ferry, one of the quarter
masters, says that when the doors of the
bunkers were closed to prevent the Inflow,
of water, there were eleven stowaways in
there passing # coal. and they went down
in the ship. The chief engineer, who
ordered the bunkers closed, did not know
that these men were still in the bunkers.
ed to i board the 'raft, saying in justifica
tion that the raft was already overloaded,
and that, he did not have a life preserver
on,, while the others did. He admits hav
'ing trfed to throw a Chinese off the raft,
because he. was rolling from side to side
and causing the raft to capsize.
ECEICES IN THE VICINITY .OF THE STEAMSHIP ISLANDER DISASTER, j THE FIRST NEWS OF THE WRECK
WAS RECEIVED AT THE TREADWELL MINES,, WHENCE AN EXPEDITION WASAT ONCE DISPATCHED
TO PICK" UP AND CARE FOR THE SURVIVORS. •
. . "Griffin has been in | my lodging-house
nearly a year," said Gillespie. '"He drank
excessively and was frequently delinquent
inhis rent. The money, part .of It did net
bother me so "much, but in his, periods of
Intoxication he abused hi3 wife and creat
ed muchTcommotion in the house,
wife was young and \ had -¦ a sickly : baby
and they hadmy compassion.' Otherwise
I would have' ejected i^tne fellow; from my.
house 5 as soon as lie commenced to mak"
trouble. ;. Many times^ I .was- attracted ,tu
nis * apartment : and only 4 ':,- after a -.vast
amount. of argument succeeded in pacify-
¦ Gillespie; after the deed, looked arouni
for a policeman to arrest himi: There was
none t in sight and he telephoned' to 1 ; the
detective department in the Hair of .Jus
tice, Stating that he had killed a man and
wished to surrender himself. -, Detectives
McMahori and Anthony, were detailed on
the case; and found the man where he
had agreed to meet them. He was charged
with' murder -and locked up. He made a
statement^ freely and secured an attorney
to defend ''him. .'
• When asked ' to desist'.' Griffin, 'it is
said, insulted Mrs. Gillespie and. exhib
ited a knife. Gillespie, who had followed
his wife to the room, secured a revolver
and returned. More words followed and
a shot was fired, the ' bullet striking the
plumber in the' right eye, and causing
him t tq; drop back into a chair insensible.
He expired a short time later at the Cen
tral ,* Emergency Hospital and his body
was sent to the Morgue. When G^les
ple^returned to* the room Griffin had no
weapon out, nor was there any found on
his person, but the ! shooter says Griffin
made a motion as if to draw a revolver,
whereupon Gillespie . raised his own
weapon , and pulled the trigger uncon-
Bciouslr. Mrs; Griffin 'says Gillespie fired
with .deliberation, and the shooter does
not '/dispute" that his. "motion -might, have
left | that Impression on j her mlndr Still,
he says in his defense that he, did not in
tend-to fire when he did. .
* Griffin .was but 24 years' of agre, but. his
reputation -for sobriety was bad.| He is
alleged to have abused' his young wife,'
and quarrels between them were frequent.
About-one year'ago'he rented apartments
in Gillesple's. ' iodgihg-hduse ¦ and gave
them up one :month ago. He, came back
a week later and took other rooms, a\id
in one of these he met his- death. ...-.The
landlord took him back "to the house on
condition that he would: keep sober.' but
his desire for stimulants, was too strong
for him to resist; and last night he .'came
home intoxicated,- stirring 'up* strife and
disturbing the other lodgers in the place. !
life to be in danger, and that it went off
accidentally. . • •¦ .' •
On Monday bloodhounds were taken ! to
the scene and the girl's bloody handker
chief was laid before them. They im
mediately, caught the trail and ran with
full speed to the home of Joe Lark, where,
on being, admitted, .they rushed into -the
bedroom and sprang upon the bed.
The cause of all the bloodshed was ¦ftie
killing of Miss Caseila Wild Sunday after
noon as she was returning to her home,
one mile in tl.e country, after attending
church in town. She started home alone,
her brother lingering behind. About one
mile from tr.wn the brother found; her
with her throat tut, lying lifeless near a
culvert, under which her assailant had
attempted to drag her. Evidence of a
terrible ;irugf,le was shown. A copper
colored negro was seen sitting on the
bridge a slicit time before the tragedy
occurred. It is, supposed that the negro
sprang" upon her -.when she was passing
and attempted to force her beneath the
bridge. She fought* with such desper
ation that he could not accomplish his
purpose and he cut her throat in the
struggle. Her body was not violated.
It is now V.eiieved that Will Godley, who
was lynched, was not the real culprit.
Citizens say that negroes will not be per
mitted to live here in the future and that
the few negroes not already expelled will
be obliged to ro. / .
Real Culprit Not Lynched.
Thirty negro . families were driven from
their houses. 1 Many of the negroes who
fled to the city ere hiding in the surround
ing woods, while others have gone greater
distances in seeking safety.
Pierce City Is near the junction of four
divisions" of the Frisco ', and trains from
all directions brought- in ; large numbers
of armed men bent on bloodshed if neces
sary. When the mob last- night went to
the section of the city, occupied by the
negroes some one in the cabins opened
fire, but no one ! was hit. ,' The mob then
destroyed the settlement, ¦ but the finan
cial-loss is not great. ' •
.Reckless firing broke several, plate glass
.^hdows,and.>a 7 traln/wa3 1 gr£!d Iji'to.' |i^>e$*>
' The 'rlflesTwere 'taken ' from? the Pierce'
City military barracks, but it Is expected
they, will all te returned.* .Members : of
the .company • themselves were out hunt
ing for . the escaping negroes with rifles,
ar>d this FiitTsested the idea, of taking all
the guns. The local hardware stores sold
out their aims early, but several applica
tions from negroes were refused. The
mob was composed of a thousand or more
and no masks were used.
Armed Men Bent on Bloodshed.
The funeral of Miss "Wild took place to
day and was witnessed by. several thou
sand people. •• „.: ¦; .''.'.. .
Eugene Barrett, also .known as Carter,
In a confession while a rope was around
his neck, accused Joe Lark, a Frisco por
ter, of being implicated in the crime, and
Lark was arrested to-day in « this city.
This afternoon he gave a detailed state
ment as to his whereabouts Sunday, and
he is believed to be not guilty." ' Some here
think that Barrett told any story in order
to save his life. '•'¦¦ ~ "-'>?;
: WILLIAM GODLET, hanged from the
porch of the Lawrence . Hotel and his
body riddled with bullets. . . .
FRENCH GODLEY, grandfather - of
William Godley, shot in his own house.
PETE HAMPTON, burned in his own
house, but probably shot before the fire.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Aug. 20.— After all
the conflicting; stories from Pierce City
have been sifted it develops that three ne
groes lost their lives there as a result of
the murder of Caseila Wild. The dead:
3Hob of a Thousand . \ Enraged Jlis
souriansJBuras' Settlement Oc
cupied by Colored
People. / ;
Real Culprit, Howeyer, Seems
to Have Escaped the
Avengers.
Slaying of Three Men a
Result of Girl's
Murder.
PIERCE CITY
MOB DRIVES
OUT NEGROES
VOLTME XC-NO. 82.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
George D;:GilIespie Raises His Pistol and Fires a Fatal Shot
at His Tenant, William F. Griffin, Striking Him in the
Right Eye, Then Says the Discharge Was Accidental
POLITICIAN AND LABOR LEADER
KILLS A PLUMBER'S APPRENTICE
IN APARTMENTS OF THE LATTERUNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA STUDENTS WHO TOILED FOR TEN
HOURS YESTERDAY AS STEVEDORES AT AN OAKLAND WHARF,
UNLOADING THE CARGO OF THE WILLIAM G. IRWIN.
Continued on Page Seven.
Retail-Dealers' Meeting Approved.
A meeting of the Municipal Federation
of Improvement Clubs was held at Sara
toga Hall last night, at which the action
of the executive committee to bring about
a peaceful settlement of the strike was
unanimously indorsed. A resolution was
adopted to the effect that while the fed
eration was in sympathy with the move
ment inaugurated by the Retail Trades
Association the federation would not co
operate as a body with the retailors In
their mass meeting to be held at Metro
politan Hal! this evenlnr.
On the other hand, the leaders of the
Machinists' and Shipwrights' and-Calkers*
unions, as well as the Molders' Union,
declare that their fight never was In bet
ter shape than it is to-day. They assert
that the stories of men going back to the
Union Iron Works are fairy tales Invent
ed for effect. President McCabe of the
Iron Trades Council admitted yesterday
that some molders had gone back to the
Union Iron Works, but he adds that they
were not union men. He states that when
It was rumored yesterday that a nutn
_ber-.of. striking molders , had ..returned to
the Vulcan Iron "Works and to the Joshua
Hendy ; Machine "Works. Inquiry at -these
establishments developed the information
that the report was unfounded. A few
men went back ten days ago and it is be
lieved that many will return this week.
The managers of the works mentioned
claim to have private information to that
effect, the source of which they declare
it would be unwise at this time to divulge.
They regard the situation as being more
promising to-day, than at any time since
the strike was inaugurated.
'Strike Leaders Deny Reports.
-Mr. Scott *sta ted \ further that many of
the striking, machinists were now work-
Ing In- Eastern mills and iron works for
from 25 cents to $1 a day less- than they
received here. On. the other 'hand, ma
chinists were arriving from.the East daily
and accepting places made vacant by the
strikers at higher. wages than they could
hope to receive in the East.
"The 'strikers have simply put them
selves out In order that Eastern men
might take their places," he said. "We
regret this very much, but there is no
reason why we should refuse to employ
any competent mechanic if we need as
sistance, -regardless of where he halls
from. The places of the striking machin
ists must inevitably.be filled some time
and when that time -arrives there will be
no room for the* -strikers, even though
they should manifest a desire to return
to work. As far as the Union Iron Works
is concerned, it is impossible to grant the
concessions demanded by the machinists
without suffering financial loss. If we are
not to be allowed .to_ operate the works
at- a profit we might" as -well close them
down. As it is, the strike <has entailed
upon us a great loss of business already.
The -strike of ten years ago lost us all
our Arizona and-I^ew -Mexico business,
for the reason that the business was di
verted into other channels, from which
we were unable to wrest it' after the
strike was off. Nevertheless we are sat
isfied with the outlook. Our working force
is . augmenting daily. , and , many, of tho
newcomers are' union' men, notwithstand
ing the. denials of the union. leaders."
"Wages Higher Than in East
"I think the backbone of the machin
ists' strike is now broken. Our force at the
works Is growing gradually and many of
the men' who went out in May last have
returned. The statement was made in a
morning paper that we employed 105 mold
ers. This Is Incorrect. We never had
more than forty molders in our employ.
Of these 90 per cent are again at their
work. The molders had no valid reason
for walking out on a sympathetic strike.
It -was- a : costly move 'far the- men: con
cerned and those who have gone back
accept the old schedule without question.
Of the men who went . to work to-day
there were' some twenty' mechanics, in
cluding shipwrights, who took their old
places in the shipyards.- I. personally
know that some of. these are members cf
unions, but to what extent I am unable
to say. In addition to these there were
four or five boiler-makers and several
machinists, new arrivals from the East,
who accepted positions. This talk of
bribing men -to return- to their places Is
too absurd for serious consideration."
Henry T. Scott made the following
statement concerning the matter yester
day: ,-
The men for the greater part were em
ployed at the works before the strike in
May and many of them were connected
with the establishment for ten years or
more. Most of those who returned yes
terday were carpenters who walked out
to assist the machinists in their strike
for shorter hours three months ago. Sev
eral others, including a few machinists,
are recent arrivals from the East. ¦
&»yps^HE machinists' strike situation
I underwent anothei change yester
1 day.' when some thirty men ap
l| plied for employment at'the Union
Iron Works and were accepted.
On the previous day twenty-one molders
and twenty-three mechanics resumed
work and it was expected that more
would follow their example yesterday.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 20.— Following the
rapid moves of yesterday on either side
of the great steel strike there was a lu'l
to-day and neither side took decisive ac
tion. The contest appears to be settling
down into a determined struggle, in which
neither side will acknowledge defeat while
there is hope* left. Joseph Bishop, the
Ohio arbitrator, appeared here again to
day, but both sides promptly repudiated
'the suggestion that another move for
peace was being considered. The steel
managers succeeded in starting the last
idle mill at the Clark plant and are evi
dently planning a series of extensions at
every point where there . is a chance of
success. . - . -,
They trill probably start the Star tin
mills in this city and Increase the force
at the I^indsay and McCutcheon mills. An
interesting feature of the fight at the lat
ter mill is contributed by the claim of the
strikers that Mrs. Fred Baugh, wife cf
the superintendent, is escorting- the strike
breakers to and from the mill. She has
always been very popular with the mill
men and the pickets say they' would
rather face a regiment of soldiers than
<1n. anything Improper in her presence.
They say that In peace times she nursed
their families and that they cannot iriter
fere with her or the men she escorts. The
Fteel managers are also- arranging for
more men for the Painter -and Monessen
mills. ¦- ...~ - . i , ;. ¦.
Veryl Preston, representing President
Schwab, was here to-day and conferred
with leading officials "of t the •- companies
federated in the steel corporation.- •' •-
Strikers Still Active. §§§£ %
The strikers met the movement 'to-re
cpen mills -with non-union men with the
claim that- it will be simply Impossible
to secure a sufficient number of skilled
men to operate • them. Their men., they
declare, are standing firm and must be
consulted before. the mills run. They sav.
they have the situation well in hand and.
despite the alleged danger of the strike
getting top heavy, continue their work of
organization with a view of crippling
more plants belonging to the corporation.
They claim that Chicago will, in the end.
come out. and that there Is no danger of
the. Joliel men roing back to work.
President McMurtry of the American
Sheet ¦. Steel Company returned to-day
from a tour through the five mill' towns
of the Klsklminetas Valley. He inspected
the non-union mills running In all of
them -'and also looked over the. two' non
union, properties being operated at Scott
dale. ' He said production was above -the
maximum average for this season ~qf the
year and that he was perfectly satisfied.
District Manager P. F. £mlth of the
company said to-night that.' the Wellsville
plant lacked but six men of having every
crew full, that the" product was'.coming
out nearly perfect and that At. .their; men
were not Irtterfere'd with and assaulted, by
the strikers the situation would be emi
nently satisfactory. ,' He Eaid also that the
beet sentiment of the community indorsed
the policy of -the company... - .. '$£? .„,..¦,-
The tying up of the Pennsylvania and
Continental tube plants of the National
Tube. Company .in J.hls cltyjast nlght.was
completed to-day. Counting both plants,
about 1800 men went ¦ out, and both the
properties are \ shut down. - • . .
The closing of the Pennsylvania and
Continental plants completely tied up the
National Tube Company In this district
and in Wheeling. The company has made
no effort to start at any point .
Starting Idle Mills.
¦ "W.. "WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— News of
Importance Is expected from President
Gorapers at the headquarters of the
American Federation of Labor in this
city. It is evidently believed by the of
"" flclals there that their chief has met with
. some success in his efforts looking to an
- early settlement of the steel workers'
; strike. Gompers has been tn Buffalo for
¦ a day or more, and is now said to be In
Xew York. Particulars of his negotia
tions are said at headquarters to be un
i known there and positive statements of
1 any officials are denied. A settlement of
the strike on terms advantageous to the
men has been the sole pur
.'*P.6se of Gompers' negotiations. He has
'promised them all the support and as
sistance in the power of the Federation
as an organization to give, and It Is
pointed out at headquarters that his state
ment made in Plttsburg last week carries
to one familiar with the workings of labor
I unionism an amplitude of suggestions and
deflnlteness of purpose which is not seen
by the lay eye and has been almost wholly
• overlooked In the published comment on
that document.
• Though his young son lay in an almost
dying condition as the result of in
juries sustained in a fall several weeks
ago, some opportunity of value evi
dently presented itself for Gompers'
service looking toward a settlement of the
steel workers' strike, for he left his son,
who has since been brought to Washing
ton, and went to Buffalo on his mission.
Not for Sympathetic Strike.
President Shaffer has no desire for a
sympathetic general strike of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, it is said here,
as he desires the Amalgamated Associa
tion to win by Its own strength if pos
sible. He does not expect financial as
sistance, because it is riot as yet needed,
and to call for it would be an admission
of weakness. The individuality of the
.president of the Amalgamated Associa
. tion is playing a distinctive part in the
steel strike. Union leaders here say the
: statement that the Federation workmen
in the Pennsylvania Tube Works mills at
Pittsfcurg struck last night and this
morning Under orders from Presi
dent Gompers. which assertion was at
tributed to President Schwartz of the
Pittsburg union. Is wholly denied here.
Gompers ftas no power under the constitu
tion of the Federation to call out men on
strike. This belongs entirely to local
•unions.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, Is*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Idle Mills.
. Meanwhile Trust . Managers
Strive to Start Up All
. . 9 — -
'President of Federation
Works Hard for
.Steel Men.
GOMPERS TRIES
TO END STRIKE
MECHANICS RETURNING TO THE UNION IRON WORKS
AND NEW MEN ARE LOADING SHIPS AT PORT COSTA
Thousands ot \rerson3
Shelterless in French
ii West India.
Great Eire Brings IDesola
tion and Many Ire
Suffering. \
ST. LOUIS. Island of Marie \Galante,
French West Indies, via Haytl«i cable,
Aug. 20.— The fire which nearly destroyed
Grand Bourg, the principal town\of this
Island, having a population of ab«ut 13,
000 persons, broke out yesterday. Tie con
flagration Is supposed to have beertof in
cendiary origin, due to malevolencei
All the public buildings except the
church, prison and headquarters of the
gendarmerie were destroyed. as_\were
some 500 houses, before the flame3 were
extinguished. From three to four thou
sand persons are without shelter and 1 , suf
fering from want of food. '
The Governor of Guadulupe, Jose Ftan
coise, has chartered the steamer Hor
tense, which left that island yesterday
with the first relief supplies of food and
money. Public subscriptions are being so
licited at Guadulupe. The loss sustained .
is estimated at over $200,000. % <gi
coal dealers who are taking supplies from
the Wellington.
The Painters' Union claims that forty
one firms have acceded to their demand
for $3 50 a day, as against nineteen houses
which have not yielded. The Master
Painters* Association declares that only
10 per cent of »he strikers are employed.
River Improvements Delayed.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 20.— Contractor
Darby Lrfiydon and the Government engi
neers, who have been at work for several
weeks past putting in a system of wing
dams to Improve the Sacramento River,
have been hindered to a considerable
exten.t on account of the strike in San
Francisco and at Port Costa. To T day
Contractor Laydon said that the work had
been stopped at Isleton because he hart
been unable to get any rock shipped from
California City. He could not get any
one to move his barges by tug. neither
could he get a person who would consent
to steer them to the Sacramento River.
He paid that he hoped to be able to get
two barge loads of rocks started for Isle
ton to-day and then the work of dam
building would be resumed. If there are
no more delays on account of the strike
it Is expected that the river improvements
will have been completed before the sea
son of high water.
Farmers Advised to House Grain.
be enormous.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 20.— An official of
the Sacramento Transportation Company
advises farmers along the upper Sacra
mento River and those who expect to
have the product of their fields trans- ,
ported by water to Port Costa to prepare J
to house their jrraln. He said that If tho/
strike at Port Costa continued there was
little prospect of the vast quantity of
grain along the river banks reaching Port
Costa before the rains fall, and If It Is
not cared for the less to the farmers will
Teamster Used Wliip.
John Balletto, a teamster for the Somps-
Mouret Company, was arrested yesterday
on a warrant chargrln<r him with battery.
The complaining witness is John "Welch,
a striking teamster, who alleges that
while he ¦was talking to a non-union
FAMINE RULES
ABOVE RUINS
THE SAN;FKAKC1RCO CALL, : \VIlDJSESbAY, AUGUST '2^; 19O1.
An 'attack was made upon , the' American
Can Company's | factory, at the corner of
Seventh j and Townsend '• streets, • early yes-'
terday morning at 2 o'clock by about 200
strikers ¦ and • strike sympathizers. The
purpose 13 supposed to have been to, force
the .. hundred - men- who have ' taken the
places of the - strikers - at the ' factory v to
quit work. Since the American Can Com
pany i resumed business after, having been
forced to close down on account, of the
strike the employes who were in danger
ot being assaulted •- by - the ' strikers " were
allowed to sleep in the factory. . .
The: mob came' armed with clubs and
stones. The- windows of the - structure
were "•¦ almost all broken ' and 'the doors
were badly battered. Fortunately for the
men I inside, \ the. doors were firm enough
to withstand .all :attacks.v- Ther.e.were two
special | pollcemeh'jactlng 'as "watchmen >»at
the time, but they made- no attempt to
disperse the mob. ' ¦iSJfiessteBSSBiaBSSteJ
Can Factory Stoned.
¦• A Etrike-ls a', fight."-.. There are two. ways of
striking, by assault and by starvation. The
matter of the strike often Includes both.. The
causes of these Industrial conflicts are mediate
and immediate. -. Among ; them » may be men
tioned prosperity and industrial depression. The
two extremes of business activity, create, the
strike spirit.. ¦¦" In one Instance men strike for
more prosperity, in : the other for more Bhare
of the prosperity enjoyed; .' <•*—-' - -
The walking delegate of agitation, .the man
who . peddles theoretical discontent, ' does much
to create 'unrest, r He goes through the land
as an ' evangelist of restlessness. Strikes are
caused, too, by the discontent of contrast. - The
steel trust. ! of which Morgan is ¦ the head, has
"tangible assets" to the arnount'of $304,000,000,
while the .workmen receive an ordinary. wage.
The strike is ; only, a . matter of • arithmetic and
contrast.' v Trades unions -organize .strikes.:- 1*
la " not ; fair - to lay the blame always • on -the
leaders. . who. often are .the last to consent to
such warfare. ; In short,' Btrikes are symptomic
of something ; radically^ wrong In -the body
politic. -They, are the disease of Industry. Some
law. Is. being violated. ' They are often,* but not
always. ¦ failures. The strike in s this * city a will
probably fall. in the end. i It will be a sincere
battle -without tangible trophies. ' '
What- are: the remedies? It Is.^. easy. * to
theorize, and reminds me ~of " the ~ man • who
wanted to raise canvasback ; ducks. ¦ which : he
•;.TTie Rev. ' Dr. : William Rader, pastor
of the First Congregational Church, de
livered an r address . last ¦ night before "the
Men's League of the" Central Methodist
Episcopal Church on x "Strikes; Their
Causes and Remedies." Following is an*
abstract _of the ] address : ¦/'_ » . - _ . ¦ ..
M. E. Church.
REV. DR. RADEB' ON" STRIKES.
Address Delivered at the Centrr-1
A warrant was sworn out for the arre3t
of the gun wielder by Grenlund arid offi
cers went to the dock to serve it. They
had a description of the man who did the
shooting and "asked -'the captains of the
vessels to muster their men in order that
the pickets who accompanied the officers
might pick him out. . Therequest was-re
fused and the officers were compelled -to
leave* without their: man. A" close watch
will be kept along the front for the shoot
er and every effort made to apprehend
him. ••¦ '
An attempt was made - yesterday by a
non-union man to kill two union pickets
who stopped him and endeavored to win
him over to the side of the strikers. That
he did not succeed was due to. his poor
marksmanship, as both the .men upon
whom he fired were standing within a
few feet of him. The men who' were made
targets of were John Grenlund and Jo
seph Green, the first named being a strik
ing sea cook and the latter a striking
teamster.
The shooting occurred at the' entrance'
to the Paclflcrstreet wharf about 10 a m
Grenlund and Green approached the-non
union man as I he was nearing the dock
and endeavored to enter into conversa
tion with him. , He was not in a talkative
mood, however,' and drawing a revolver
commanded the pickets. to shut up. Gren
lund informed him that he dare not* fire,
as no attempt had been made to molest
him. The non-union man thought differ
ent: however, and opened fire, sending one
bullet between Grenlund's . legs and an
other in proximity to Green's head.- After
firing 'the i two shots he turned and ran
down the dock. The pickets attempted to
follow him, but they were stopped at the
gate.-. •-.-: •'., . . ... ¦..-"•¦•-. .; • •:
Shots Fired at pickets.
' The Argyll is being discharged at How
ard-street pier No. 3 of. her cargo of heavy
Iron. When it is all on the dock the gang
of men will be put to work ' loading her
with a largo cargo which . Is already on
the wharf. . The-'- steamship-.' Pomona
cleared . yesterday afternoon for Eureka,
loaded . with the largest cargo she has
ever carried.'. She also had a large pass
enger list.. It is expected that the Uma
tilla will get away to-day. The schooner
J. G. Wall succeeded-ln getting away for
Eureka with a full non-union crew, and
the Palmyra, also fully, manned with- a
non-union crew, got away for the Sound
ports. . The Palmyra was towed out > by
the tug Defiance. ¦ •-:¦;.
The arrivals yesterday were the Ameri
can steamer Luella . from Usal, loaded
with 300 tons of bark, - and the French
bark Marechal de Villars, in ballast from
Hongkong. •¦¦¦> .".< . . : - -,
The first strike benefit was paid yester
day to the members of i the Sailors'- Union.-,
Fifteen hundred dollars •> was "disbursed
among five hundred men. Only those sail-
The strike on the water front seems to
have subsided into a dogged struggle for
supremacy between the strikers and the
merchants and ship owners. The * latter
are making every effort to load their ships
and haul their goods from the wharves,
¦while the strikers seem equally: de
termined to tie up the shipping and delay
as much as possible the handling of
freight. Conditions are practically un
changed, ' although rumors are plentiful
of men forsaking the cause of the unions
and returning to work. These rumors
are'emphatlcally denied by the labor lead
ers, and the men -themselves assert that
the etrike-ls only Just beginning. • - :
Considerable work was done on the col
liers yesterday. The work of discharging
the Bristol and the Milton was completed.
Both vessels were towed into the stream
and will probably leave to-day for the
north for another cargo. The Milton had
a large quantity of coal in her bunkers
yesterday morning, but it was all taken
«ut by noon. While a gang of men were
ioaG.ng the Oregonian ¦with coal from the
Milton another gang was at. work at the
forward hatch loading buckets which were
dumped into a barge alongside. .
The Californian is moored at Rosenfelds'
bunkers and two full gangs of men are
at work on her. The Czarina and - the
South Portland are i discharging steadily
and will" be ready to make another trip
within a. few days. '
r The discharging of ] the Santa Clara . at
Mission-street wharf of her cargo of sal
mon . is progressing , rapidly. >, It is being
hauled away almost as fast as it is land
ed on the dock. .The wharf Is almost cov
ered with I cocoanuts ., taken from • the
Tropic: Bird, and both vessels will prob
ably be cleared to-morrow.; - : . • -
North.
Milton and Bristol Ready to \ Sail
COLLIERS ARE DISCHARGING.
• Officer Cullinane claims to have seen a
young man named Frank Westley hurl
the stone that struck Eddie Turner.
Westley was placed under arrest and will
be held pending, tne result of the boy's
injury: -.- -\ '../¦• • - . -•-.
• After firing the shot Into the air. Special
Officer Earp and his teamster fled from
the scene of action.- They returned under
the ! protection ' of Sergeant Campbell and
several ¦ policemen and succeeded- in
getting the truck once more in motion. :
The i riot ¦was brought about by a truck
belonging to the Western Transfer Com
pany and driven by a non-union teamster
named Riddle becoming stalled In front of
the corporation yard. A mob of almost a
thousand strlke'rs and. their sympathizers
quickly gathered . and a number of boys
secured stones , and . pieces of - concrete
from the yard and • commenced to throw
them at the driver. Special officer F. A.
Earp, who was acting . as a guard o£ the
teamster, became excited during the
fusillade and discharged his pistol Into the
air. The shot caused ,the crowd to fall
back, and the opportune arrival of Police
man James Cullinane, who did not hesl
tatfl to use his dub, put the rioters to
flight.
BOY HURT DURING RIOT.
¦ t i ¦ ¦¦ i
Large Mob Gathers Around a Stalled
Truck. \
', During a riot which occurred yesterday
afternoon in front of the corporation yard
on Eighth street near-Howard, 8-year-old
Eddie Turner, who lives at the corner of
Folsom and Howard streets, was severely*
Injured by being- struck in the t back of the
head by a brick. The boy's' scalp was
badly lacerated and it is feared that his
skull is fractured. . " - .
"Nine of the men who went to work at
the Union Iron "Works last Monday morn-
Ing were reinstated in the union to-night.
They were misled by false statements
made by some -non-union men who
had an objeet in view. Some of the em
ployers are laboring under the impression
that we are out on a sympathetic strike,
but such is not the case.- We are out for
a nine-hour day with ten hours' pay. Our
grievance is being taken up again by the
International Executive Board and no
doubt we will receive their sanction. See
ing the way that the Employers' Associa
tion is trying to- disrupt trade unions on'
this coast. President Fox has advised the
members of Union No. 164 to remain stead
fast to the original proposition." ¦
After the meeting, in speaking of the re
turn ; of the men to the union, Secretary
McCabe said: • .
At the regular weekly meeting of Iron
Molders' Union No. 1G4, held last night
at 1133 Mission street, it was announced
that nine of the seventeen molders who
on Monday morning deserted the union
and returned to work at the Union Iron
Works had given up their positions. More:
over, it was claimed that the i men were
present at the meeting, that they again
subscribed their names to the" membership
roll and that they would remain with the
union until the end. It was stated that
the men had been induced to return to
work through misstatements.
MOLDERS LEAVE IRON WORKS.
The boys had agreed to work for 40
cents an hour for a day of ten hours with
five meals a day thrown in, and much of
the time was spent in eating. They were
provided with watermelons and soda
water. While the work is going on the
operations are watched. by union steve
dores from a distance, and Policeman
.Quigley near by. The strikers have not
attempted to persuade the university
stevedores to Join their union or to Inter
fere with them in any way as yet. •
Foreman McMIllin saya the work Is en
-tirely a labor of love. His fellow students
joined him out of sympathy and not be
cause they wanted money, for their
fathers are each rich enough to buy the
entire ship. . #*•. '.-.-¦
"This is all sympthetlc work," said Mc-
Millin. "I asked the boys to help us get
the ship unloaded and they did It because
I asked them. They will get their backs
broken before they get through, but it will
be a good experience."
¦ "I'll make enough out of this to pay the
court costs and my attorney's fees " said
B. T. Rowland, whose pranks with an
other man's signs got him Into trouble
with the police. "I never made so much
mo ? ey J.Vi v "i? e .; and * don>t kn ™ what
to do with it all. •
"My back's pretty near broken," 8a ld
Robert Ritchie, when the gang took time
for the third meal at noon time "Ami
my hands are twice as big as they wer«
when I began work this morning. I don't
know- whether I can keep up the pace."
The boys all had the same complaint
about their backs 'and their, blistered
hands,, but they are determined to stay
with the job until it Is finished. The lunJ
ber will be taken out in Oakland and
then the ship will be shifted toefiSfFiS.
•SScharSd!" rSr ° ° £ cement "111 be
/ . Strike .Conditions at Oakland.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— A gang of twenty
five Roumanians went to work under
police protection, to-day to discharge the
£«? ber cargoes ° f the schooner Laura
Pike and steam schooner North Fork
which have been tied up for nearly two
weeks at the Pu get - Sound Lumber Com-
Kaylo W r h &Co. SO f e^ the lumber *>«
.The collier "Wellington is being slowly
discharged at James P. Taylor's bunkers.
Seven hundred tons of her coal cargo will
be taken to San Francisco, because of the
shortage there. Taylor said to-day he
would not take back his striking team
sters to-morrow If they shall insist upon
the discharge cf one man Who refused, to
goout. : .-: - . . . .
. IT-, stay with ray friends," said the coal
merchant."-, v V •.•*•; -
/The- Brotherhood of Teamsters has
posted as "unfair" the names of retail
i . '. »
Strikers Do Not Interfere.
The captain was about despairing of
ever getting out of Oakland harbor when
something happened yesterday afternoon
to make him pluck up courage. He re
ceived a visit from Fred H. McMIllin. the
son of the owner of the William G. Irwin
and a member of the class of '05 at the
University of California, who told him
that if he wanted him to he would bring
down all the university stevedores he
could get to help him unload the ship. The
captain said he didn't care. and. forthwith
an agreement was drawn up with regard
to wages, meals, hours, etc. The result of
the conference was the appearance on the
dock this morning' of the following: ¦
F. H. McMillin. foreman of the "gang;"
University of California, '05, Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
Austin Sheffield. f 04, Sigma Chi. Frater
niti-.
"William Childs, '01, Sigma Alpha Epsi
lon.
L. K. Baldwin. '03, Sigma Alpha Epsi
lon. formerly of Cornell.
Robert Ritchie. '02, Sigma Alpha Epsi
lon, and son of the Rev. Robert Ritchie,
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
. B. T. Rowland, '04, Sigma Alpha Epsi
lon, late of Oberlin and famous as a pur
loiner of shoestore signs.
B. T. McLalne, '03. Sigma Alpha Epsi
lon, also with a record for getting away
with shoestore sisns.
Cleve Baker, "05, Stanford University.
Rives M. Baker, Oakland High School.
The boys were divided Into two gangs.
One was the "wharf gang" and the other
the "ship gang." They began work
promptly at 7 o'clock and worked hard
for the first hour, when the pace began to
tell on them and they let up a little.
strikers on the water front. Eight
of them, In shirt waists and overalls, per
spired and blistered their hands In an en
deavor to unload the William G. Irwin of
a cargo consisting of 80,000 feet of. lumber.'
They are getting big pay for the job and
swear they will stay with it until It h»
finished.
The "William G. Irwin has been lying at
Washington-street wharf for twelve days
waiting for the strike to be settled and the
unloading to commence. She came down
from Roche Harbor. "Washington, deep in
the water with 80,000 feet of green lumber
and 4000 barrels of cement. The prospect
of getting the. hold rid of all this weight
was dim until this mornjng. The captain
has been trying all these twelve days to
get some one to help him unload his ves
sel, but the union men would not listen
to him.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The Univer
sity of California furnished a
."gang" of intellectual stevedores
to-day to take the place of the*
The third is the moral remedy. This Is ideal,
but to it we must come in the end. The, con
clusion of a strike is not a fundamental solu
tion. The brotherhood of man Is always the
last resort, and most people never practice
practical piety until they are compelled to do
so by paying an enormous price.
The second is the political remedy. I believe
in the ballet as a means of defense and cor
rection f or ¦ worklngmen, but do not believe It
wise for workingmen . to organize separate par
tleB with the Idea of seizing' 'the- reins of
government. The Government does not belong
to the laborer any more than it does to the
employer. Let laboring men select the best
men for office. . ' "
First, there Is the economical.'- Strikes are
remedied In New Zealand by an appeal to the
courts, where ¦ arbitration is made compulsory.
In other places profit-sharing, or capital-shar
ing, has been a remedy. Such participation
In Industry is destructive of despotism, and
looks toward industrial democracy. Monopolies
oufrtit to be regulated or owned by the State.
claimed were given a peculiar taste because
they fed on celery, so he planted the Jersey
marshes with celery and procured great num
bers of ordinary ducks. But the ducks wouldn't
eat the celery. ¦ That has been the experience
of the Mayor and the Municipal League. The
ducks won't touch the celery.
There are .three.- possible bases for the solu
tion of the labor problem:.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
was tricked by the strike managers of the
Firemen's Union. Two men were sent to
the office of the firm to apply for work as
firemen. ¦ They were hired and sent down
to the company's docks. They went to
work In earnest, but not on the coal
pile In the holds of the ships. They suc
ceeded in getting the ears of twenty of
the non-union firemen employed by the
company and talked so glibly ¦ that they
convinced them that if they went to the
office they could demand 510 per day and
get it. TMe non-union men went up in a
body and made their demand, which was
promptly refused; and discharge papers
handed them instead. Report of the suc
cess attending the efforts of the two "hot
air passers" was made to the union, and
a great jollification was held at head
quarters. Ten of the'-, non-union men,
however, reconsidered their demands and
went back to the company and applied
for reinstatement. They -were put back to
work. • .-
That some. of the strikers' are getting
tired of the strife was ; shown yesterday
by the action of five of the coal handlers
who left the .employ of Chandler & Co.
on the order of the City Front Feder
ation. • •¦ They went to the office of the
coal company and applied for per
mission to go to work. They were
put to work with the non-union men.
Four longshoremen left the ranks of the
strikers also and applied at the Mail dock
for employment. Captain Anderson made
sure that they were sincere and were not
seeking an entrance to the dock for the
purpose of instilling union principles into
the men that have been employed by the
Mail dock In the places of tha strikers,
and then told them to go to work. ¦
The loading" of the ships at Port Costa
and Vallejo seems to be the issue ju^t at
present. The various stevedore firms are
scouring the water front and every other
¦ section of the city for men to go to the
Contra Costa shores to work on the
vessels that have been tied up there since
the inception of the strike. Their efforts
have met with some success and the grain
dealers claim that they have men enough
now at work to assure the departure of
at least three of the deep water vessels
within a very short time. Twenty-five
longshoremen were sent to Vallejo on the
steamer Monticello Monday night to load
the Foyledayle with flour. Forty men
were taken to Po»t Costa yesterday morn
ing 1 on -one of Crowley's launches -and
were put to work loading wheat into the
Cymbeline, the Arracan and the Engle
horn. . - . . - • i • --
Launches.
Non-Union Men Are Sent T7p in
LABORERS FOR PORT COSTA.
"We are not responsible for the suffer
ing of the women and children and the
loss to the State. That- is the responsi
bility of -the Employers' Association. We
have stated before and we state again
that we are ready to send a committee to
any place to meet a committee from the
Employers' Association . or a committee
authorized to act for them at any time.
1± is up to the- Employers' Association,
rrot to us. Theirs is the responsibility."
"After considering the matter to some
extent, and remembering the appeal on
behalf of the women and children and the
State, the committee decided to lay the
matter over until to-day, when it was
decided that to- strike out the words 'as
such' meant that we would consent to go
back as Individuals and- sacrifice our
unions/ and we could see no reason why
we should even consider such a thought.
• "Upon being asked whether they said
this by authority of the executive com
mittee- of the Employers' Association,
they said no, they did not. They had only
talked with individual members among
the employers.
"A special committee of three from the.
conciliation committee of one hundred,
consisting cf Nathan Bibo, E. A. Lorenzo
and H. W. Miller, came here yesterday
and appealed to the executive committee
of the. City Front Federation on behalf
of the State and of the women and chil
dren to consent to striking out the ¦words
'as such', in the third section of the terms
of peace submitted in my letter to Mr.
Greensfelder. They said they thought,
from Conversation ,with .individual .mem
bers of the Employers' Association, that
if 'we'would consent ;to striking out the
words 'as such'— referring to the re
instatement of union men in their old
positions — there-might be a possible open
ing- for the restoration of industrial
activity. • ...
Another attempt at conciliation has
failed, the City Front Federation having
refused to modify, at the solicitation of
the committee of one hundred of the Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs, Its last
draft of terms of peace. • The. following
interview, given out by Andrew Furuseth
of the executive committee of the City
Front Federation, explains the nature of
the change desired by the mediators:
Words "As Such."
Labor Leaders Decline to Strike Out
NO CHANGE IN PEACE TERMS.
ors who have been out for a period of
three weeks or over received the benefit.
Secretary Furuseth said yesterday that
there were funds enough on hand to pay
strike benefits for ten weeks longer, and
that there would be no need of calling for
outside assistance within that period..
the discovery was made that men were
coming from the EaBt to fill the places of
the strikers several members of the union
manifested a desire to break away. When
it was found that they were lukewarm
In upholding the principles of unionism
they were promptly suspended. McCabe
also said that many of the men who were
suspended were at heart non-union men,
they having joined the machinists' or
ganization only a few weeks prior to the
strike on May 20.
Managers Claim -to Have Information of Many Accessions
That Will Be Made Shortly From the Army of Strikers.
Nine Iron Molders Renew Their Allegiance to the Union
Strike Leaders Declare Their Ranks Are Still Unbroken
by any. Defections to Employers, and That the
Prospects Are Bright for Ultimate Victoty for Their Cause
They Work Ten / Hours at
Oakland ] Wharf Unloading
Cargo of William G. Irwin
University Students Put on
Laborers' Garb and Toil at
Waterfront as Stevedores
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
General Debility
Day in .and out there is that feeling ot
weakness that makes a burden of itself.
Food does not strengthen.
Sleep does not refresh.
It is hard to do, hard to bear, what
should be easy, — vitality la on the ebb, and
the whole system suffers.
For this- condition take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tons
to all . the organs and functions, and Is
positively unequalled, for all run-down or
debilitated conditions. r^ ; »/v
¦ Mood's Fills care constipation. 25 cent*. "
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEVEDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages If work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
2O9 Examiner Bldg.
ii^^^^p-MEN and
Can ot)tatn renew-
*J* Ti* \ * "ELECTHIC BELT' *
end ApjllancBS. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity 13 the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierce' a. for It la the BEST.
Thousands cured!
E7CaU at office or send a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address -PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 206-Post st., San Fran-
cisco. Eastern office— 1143 Broadway. New
York. ¦¦ .-¦ .
IERCES
FAVORITE
SCRSPI10N
t U^JMP INJECTION. |
F. A PERMANENT CUBE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcea 2
2 and Gleet, enaranteed In from 3 to 6 C
"a o*JB ; no other treatment required. 5
5 », 8old by all druggists. ••¦ ¦. 5
Weak Menlnd Women
CHOULD USE DAMIAJJA BITTERS. TH3
» *K at Uaican remedy; fives health ana
•tret3ta to ieiual orjans. Depot, SM Marluu
BRIGHT, ACCOMPLISHED SALESMEN
: y^^^" ' (£ Will ¦wait on you' at our warerooms In ¦
l^\ *=Z23*5*5^ W^Mi^^ !?§ tS w I \V !t WiI1 be some months yet before
iln?*ss==\^*^ WtiSS^Ll*' JX& \\ We Wl11 open U P our retail piano ware-
utW r^^X^^^-iJ^i^Xr^A *\ rooms - where now Is located Falr-
uV-i\^^L^^ffiwilWi^?^. \\ chlld<s San Francisco shoehouse, at 931
I Mar ket street, but In the meantime if ¦
"¦"^ IWW^^^^m^rJi^^^-- '' yOU Want a flne> hlgh Srade piano, such
i as the Steck, Ludwig, Hardman, Pack-
e^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i \ w111 c °me to 9J53 Market street we will
fS I^^Z^^^^^MI^BbKm^^^ I convince you in short order that you
SJi^^P^^'M ¦¦ W^l^/ tf" d0 . better wltn the newplano house
S^lfvL ''^^^^^fr^^S^^V S come, ultimately, the leading and most
|:U=!=^iis- PW^&kWf^^F'Zf progressive piano establishment in San
( wT^SSJ^iiE \y&*Z*C&\S / } ¦"¦' Francisco. Keep your eye on us and"
vt QPYKiftiw^j^ - :^-*y > \*s see us set there. . . <¦?
m WILEY B, ; ALIEN CO., 933 /Market St.; ifia, San Francisco,
951 BROADWAY- OAKLAND:* VVALLEJO. Aug. 20.— The steam en
gineering shops at Mare Island were
broken into between 1 and 5 o'clock this
morning and a large quantity of machin
ery carried away, the stolen property con
sisting of valves, etc. Sentries were on
guard as usual at the time.
Burglary at Mare Island.
Judge Seawell holds that the associa
tion has the right to build packing-houses.
Plaintiff is given leave to file an amended
complaint if he can show an improper use
of funds. -
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— Judge Seawell of
San ' Francisco, who .heard the injunction
suit of Joshua Newby against the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit -Association, rendered
his decision to-day, dissolving the tem
porary injunction. The association let a
contract and began .work on' the construc
tion of a packing-house at Santa Clara to
hold 18,000,000 pounds of prunes. Newby,
a member of the association, began in
junction proceedings against ±he directory
to stop the building of the pKklng-house.
He alleged that the directors had no right
to build it and that they were exceeding
their powers. The answer waived all ques
tions of law and went to the direct issue.
SEATTLE, Aug. 2O.-Mrs. James B.
Huston of Auburn, N. Y., a passenger on
the steamer Queen from Alaskan ports,
was robbed of a large amount of jewelry
while the vessel was tied up at the wharf
at Skaguay. The total value of the jewels
Is large, and in addition 5150 in money was
stolen. The loss was not discovered till
after the steamer left Skaguay and Seattle
detectives were unable to do much in the
way of an investigation, the vessel hav
ing also stopped at Victoria and Port
Townsend before reaching the city.
Bobbed on Steamer Queen.
Court . Dissolves Injunc
tion Against Prune
Association.
Switch engines hurried to the scene of
the fire and succeeded in hauling away
several hundred cars which would other
wise have been burned. The transfer
passenger depot was considerably dam
aged, but the fire department concen
trated efforts to save the building and
it escaped serious damage.
OMAHA, Aug. 2O.-The freight sheds
and twenty-five loaded and twenty-five
empty freight cars belonging to the Union
Pacific Railroad were burned at the
transfer depot of that company In Council
Bluffs this afternoon, causing a loss esti
mated at nearly $200,000. The sheds were
full of freight, recently unloaded, which
was also destroyed.
uable Property Are Burned at
Council Bluffs.
Freight Sheds Containing Much Val-
CARS AND BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY FLAMES
MAY BUILD ITS
PACKING HOUSES
WOODLAND, Aug. 2O.-The
wedding of D. E. Wolgamott
of this city and Miss Lena
Roser of Orland, Glenn Coun
ty, will be solemnized in tha
Golden Eagle Hotel in Sacramento to-
Miller & Hotchkiss' Entire Plant in
Trenton Is Reduced to
Ashes.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 20.— Fire this morn
ing destroyed the big Miller & Hotchkiss
winery and distillery at Trenton, to
gether with a number of buildings ad
joining, including the residence of Man
ager William Small. Mr. Small lost all
of his personal effects.
The- fire started in the Small residence
and soon got beyond control. Very little
wine was destroyed, most of last season's
output having been shipped. ' The prop
erty belonged to William Hill, the Peta
luma banker, and was operated by Miller
& Hotchkiss on a lease. Work had al
ready begun to place the plant in readi
ness for handling this season's vintage.
The exact loss cannot yet be announced,
but it will be very heavy, as the plant was
one of the largest in Sonoma County. *
BIG SONOMA WINERY
DESTROYED BY FIKE
Santa Cruz Man Projects a Novel
Outing for His Family and
Himself.
-SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 20.— Two of the old
Howard-street cab cars of San Francisco
are being transformed into novel camp
wagons and are soon to make a trip across
the continent. ¦ The cars were brought"
from San Francisco by G. P. Stevens,
State organizer of the Fraternal Union,
and he is having them made over so that
he can use them on a vacation trip.
The interiors of the cars have been
stripped of the seats and are made into
living rooms with * folding couches and
especially constructed ranges for cooking
purposes.
The party will go by the old Southern
trail through Arizona, New Mexico and '
Texas up into Arkansas and Missouri. It
expects to make the trip to New York in
eight months. The party will include Mr.
and Mrs. Stevens and two children and.
Miss Moss.
WILL CROSS CONTINENT
IN TWO OLD CABCAES
WOODLAND GENTLEMAN AND ORLAND* TOTING LADT AT ." WHOSE
MARRIAGE THE REV. J. J. MOJIGAN ' WILL OFFICIATE IN THE
GOLDEN EAGLE IN SACRAMENTO TO-DAY." >• "'• /
It was in November, 1899. Nunes was
sick unto death, as he believed, and with
a true husband's 'devotion he called his
wife to his bedside and delivered to her a
deed of all the real estate he possessed,
to the value of $4000, and indorsed to. her
a note for $1500. All this was done.* he
claims, with the understanding that if the
death angel did not call she should give
back his property.
Health returned to the husband, but not
the wealth which he had voluntarily sur
rendered to his wife. He alleges that she
took advantage of the leverage given her
in the possession of all they owned, and,'
when trouble arose. Invited him to take
the outside of their domain. "Last March,
during a tempest of domestic infelicity,
she drove him from the home, so he
claims, and he is now an outcast. He
prays that the court compel the return of
the property, which she is now enjoying
to the limit. No sooner was it given to
her than she hastened to collect the note
and have the deeds recorded, and is now
In full possession.
BAN' JOSE, Aug. 20.— A somewhat re
markable suit was filed in the Superior
Court of this county to-dayl Joe Castro
Nunes sues his wife, Filomena, to recover
from her property which he deeded and
transferred to her while he was on what
he supposed to be his deathbed. They
reside not far from San Jose. . . . ; , j ; '¦-.
EBecial Dispatch to The Call.
Regains Health and Now Is
Forced to Sue Her for
His Estate.
San Eafael Citizens View an
Exciting Duel on the .
Foothills.
Epedal Dispatch to The CaU.
SA3' HAFAEXs Aug. 20.— A fierce duel
between a wild cat and an eagle was wlt
nessfd on Sunday afternoon by City At
torney Thomas P. Boyd and a friend as
they were returning from Bolinas. It re
sulted in a victory for the bird, which
killad its adversary and made an attempt
to bear away its carcass.
"I was about half way up the Bollnas
side of the ridge when my attention was
attracted to a patch of < short sagebrush
on the hill Bide above the road," said Mr.
Boyd In describing the fight "That there
was something doing was evident from
the cries and the sound of breaking brush
that came from a small clearing in the
center. Clouds of dust arose above the
short brush as two objects tumbled about
on the ground. For some time I watched
xixe spot, unable to determine what the
combatants were.- My friend and I both
resolved to referee the fight, but from a
distance.
"After we had watched for several min
utes we were surprised to see a large eagle
rise fiom the brush a distance of about
ten feet and then swoop down again and
continue the fight. It did this several
times, until finally after one of these
fierce onslaughts there was only a brief
struggle and then the commotion ceased.
"Soon the great bird soared upward,
carrying in Its talons a. large wildcat. I
was not more than eighty yards distant
at the time. The cat wiggled and clawed
weakly. The eagle had it by the back.
After the bird cleared the brush with its
prey it Balled out over the canyon to the
•west, gradually rising In Its flight. After
crossing Bourne Gulch the bird began to
*soar upward until it had attained a height
of perhaps 500 yards. Then Its prey fell
from Its talons, and. like a tiny dark
epeck, shot downward to the gulch below.
The eagle, after losing its burden, made
several downward swoops after it as the
cat was railing. These seemed to be only
half-hearted efforts, however, and the
bird sailed away over the ridge toward
the Lajrunitas timber. The eagle had
about il ten-foot spread to its wings." .
Until "a* few months ago eagles were al
most unknown in this county. About two
months ago Thomas Button, a vaquero,
lassoed one at Kovato.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
vice and More Pensions Are
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postofflce Ser-
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters appointed: ' California—
P. K. Powers. Eagle ville, Modoc County,
vice M. Wilson, resigned; N. E. LrUttrell,
Pine Grove, Amador County, vice G. B.
Walker, resigned; C. H. Henry, Pine
Lake. San Bernardino County, vice A.
Knight Jr.. resigned. Rural free delivery
will be established October 1 at Ellens
burg, Klttitas County, and Pullman,
Whitman County. Washington.
A site for a public school building In
Seattle, on the southeast corner of Union
street and Third avenue, was to-day se
lected by the Treasury Department. The
price is $174,750.
The following pensions were granted:
California: Increase— Charles Barry. Vet
erans' Home, Napa, $8; Edward I*
French, Los Ansreles. $12; Alfred Esta
krocks, Fresno, $S; Daniel Swalley, Elm
hurst, $8. War with Spain: Original—
James M. Rodgers, Soldiers' Hpme, Los
Angeles, $12. Widows— Mattle M. Atwell,
Mountain View, $S. Mexican War: Wid
ows — Sarah H. Warner. Oakland, $S.
Oregon: Original— Gavin E. Cankin,
Portland, 5S.
Washington: Original— David Hart, Au
burn. $6. Increase— Joshua T. Spicer. Port
Angeles. $S; William Dye, Seattle, $8.
Widows— Almira Clark, Colby. $$.
The following patents were issued to
day: California— Milton M. Baker, as
signor te Sunshine 'Water-Heater Com
pany. San FrancVcso, solar oven and
cooker; Hancock Banning and F. C. Car
ry, Los Angeles, wave motor; Fred E.
Caton. assignor to Caton's Foundry and
Machine Company, San Jose, can-filling
machine: William M. Downin, St. John,
plow attachment; George F. and H. N.
Gray and R. South. San Francisco, brick
kiln: Anton; Hassler and J. T. Watters,
Oakland, clamping apparatus: Charles H.
S. Helling, Alameda. cover for pots, ket
tles, etc.; Alexander Hamilton. Alham
bra, fruit-pickers' sack; John E. Henris,
Saratoga, traction engine; John F. Kleler,
San Jose, ean-h6Iding devlfce: Lester R.
lyesandro, Los Angeles, sign; James H.
Northrop, Tustin. assignor to Draper
Con-.r-any. Portland, Me., and Hopedale.
Mass.. thread-parting machine for looms;
Almarin B. Paul. San Francisco, concen
trator; Charles Roth. Los Angeles, wheel
ed scraper; Paul J. Stuparich, San Fran
cisro. making photographic mounts.
Oregon— George F. Heusner. Portland,
trolley guide: Francis M. Standley, La
Grande, hayfork: Edward Turney, Port
land, friction clutch; James M. Watt and
J. A. White. Per.dleton. clasp.
Washington— Andrew Uren, Seattle, log
ging hook or dog.
Beaten by Enraged Husband.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 20.— Daniel Scott,
charged with assault with a deadly wea
pon upon Richard Phillips at Fishermans
Bay a few weexs ago, was to-day held by
Justice Anderson of that place to appear
for trial. There were rto eye witnesses
to the trouble, but it is claimed that Phil
lips had endeavored to win the affections
of Scott's wife, and several persons heard
the sounds of the struggle. Scott beat
Phillips almost to death with a shovel
handle that he was using as a crutch.
Phillips' head was frightfully gashed.
Monster Bird Overcomes
Its Vicious Feline
/Antagonist.
Supposedly Dying Man
Deeds Property to
His Wife.
LOSES THROUGH
CHEATING DEATH
EAGLE BATTLES
WITH WILDCAT
WOODLAND BUSINESS MAN
WINS GLE NN COUNTY MISS
D. E . Wolgamott and Miss Lena Roser Will
Be Married- To-Day in the Golden
Eagle Hotel in the Capital City
THE SAN PBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 21. 1901;
¦ SPOKANE, Aug. 20.— A marriage, license
was issued here this afternoon to (Rudolph
Siegrist : and ¦;• Matilda: Borchert, bothof
Kan Franfiiaca.:' "¦"• » •' '¦—:.
Licensed to Wed in Spokane. _ .
. SANTA CRUZ,: Aug. 20.— The Naval Re
serves voted last ; night • to attend ' the .'Ad
mission Day celebration In" San Jose : in a
body and act as escort to the Santa Cruz
Parlor of Native Sons. - Hastings Band : is
also to ; attend ' with the Naval . Reserves
a.ni1'tha.NgtlvA finn». - • \ :
Will Ck> ; to San Jose."
> NAPA', Aug. 20.— John. T." Smith, a native
of Ohio, aged 73 years, died last night.: He
crossed '£ the J plains ! : to California • in 1S52.
-.. Leonard Martin Duhlg, a native of Call-*
f ornia,* aged 45 years, ' died this morning.
A'.wldow and; child -. ;
Two Deaths in Napa.
WOODLAND,. Aug. 20.— The. fifst'of a
series ; of test cases ; in \whlch ¦¦ the • city : of
Woodland is , plaintiff * and twenty-eight
prominent local ; merchants t : defendants
was commenced' in ¦ the' City 'Recorder's
Court yesterday. : These merchants have
refused to pay 'the license tax imposed by
a new ordinance recently passed 1 by the
Board of City Trustees.y The case will be
carried 'to * the ; higher { courts, no ,- matter
what the judgment r may ; be in the lower
courts. .-,¦-'¦ ;..'"¦••¦¦ •-¦ •'. ¦¦¦'-:. : - '-'.:-;
Woodland Sues Her Merchants.
Saved by . • His . Otolf Stockings.
1 PASADENA, < Aug. . 20.— Jud \ Black was
bitten : on j the . leg by a . rattlesnake in the
mountains north of .this- city; several days
ago. "His life .was saved ; by a 'golf stock
ing," which absorbed the . poison, though
the snake's fangs made a deep Incision.
. ' y Summon.
WASHINGTON,; Aug. 20.— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Hackett had on : hi:
desk to-day « the letter- from Admira
Schley's - counsel \ relative I ; to ffaf reported
Interview by Admiral Howlson, one of th<
members of the court of Inquiry. Beyon<
admitting that the vletter'nad been re
ceived," Hackett •'• would not discuss it ir
any phase. It is the general expectation
however, that' the letter will be forwardec
to Admiral Howison with a request for a
reply. ;• ;'. •¦ '. ': -¦. : ' :¦,]-.. v .
Captain Parker, one of Admiral Schley's
counsel, held a brief conference > with
Hackett during the morning. • - A - formal
request for a list of witnesses to. be sum
moned by the Judge Advocate was made
by "Admiral Schley's counsel to-day. The
request will be complied with as soon as
practicable. ¦" '¦¦ ¦ ' •. " • '. ¦ - ' ¦ • • =.. -..-; - -
SCHLEY'S COUNSEL ASKS
- FOR LIST OF WITNESSES
Rear Admiral. Desires to Know Wha'
' .Persons Judge Advocate Will. .
Registration commenced this forenoon.
Recitations will begin, to-morrow morning
at 8 o'clock. Little work will be done this
week, as the schedule of recitations will
have to be arranged and all the students
will not have arrived . before ¦ the latter
part of the week. '
AH the members of < the faculty, with
the exception of Professor -Nella Rogers,
are on the campus and yesterday after
noon they met in the' preliminary faculty
meeting to discuss plans for the work of
the coming year/ :: Miss Rogers, who ' has
been taking lectures on<volce culture'the
fiast summer In Chicago; will arrive wlth
n a few days and take charge; of, 'the
vocal department of . the Conservatory; of
Music./ ;'; ' "';•¦'¦ : ¦ : -
SAN JOSE,* Aug. 2O.-The University of
the Pacific opened to-day under promising
conditions. .Relieved of > the burden -of
indebtedness that has hung over its past,
many improvements have been, made and
the Influx of students and the large num
ber of enrollments already insure crowded
classrooms in all departments.
lege Year. Under Promising
Conditions. : ' Y -V
University of the Pacific Opens Col-
CROWDED CLASSROOMS
• WILL BE THE RTJLE
The automobilists* are also required to
carry bells, gongs or horns, and at night
must be equipped with a light."
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 20.— The Board
of . Supervisors .-¦• of San Mateo • County,
adopted an ordinance this afternoon regu
lating the driving of automobiles upon the
county roads. The maximum speed' al
lowed by the .ordinance is fifteen miles an
hour. Upon approaching a vehicle drawn
by horses, or pedestrians leading horses,
and when 500 feet therefrom, the operator
of an automobile' must slow down to six
miles an hour until such vehicle or pedes
trian and horse have been passed; and, if
required, he must cause the automobile
to be brought to a standstill, and.to.re
main so until all' danger of frightening
animals has passed. > •
"We proclaim to the cigarmakers tha
the citizens will not allow any oppressions
or abuses or Ill-treatment Imposed upoi
them."
EVICTIONS IN FLORIDA
CAUSE MUCH DISTRESS
One Hundred Men and Children Com-
N pelled.to Sleep in the
Streets. *
TAMPA, > Fla., Aug. 20.— Evictions by
renting agents are causing great excite
ment among members of the Reslstencia
Union.. It is said that more than 100 men
and children slept in the streets last night.
The central committee of Resistencia
Union has cut down the soup house al
lowance to one meal a day. • Another proc
lamation was issued to-day in the name oi
"the people ,of Tampa f and surrounding
country." It urges that immediate steps
be taken by. all parties concerned to have
the factories opened and states a deter
mination to protect the industry of cigai
manufacture in Tampa and the employes
and laborers In cigar factories. It closes
with this statement: .". -7'j"V.; ¦"' ¦ .
San Mateo Supervisors
'Adopt Stringent .
Regulations.
'MOBILES MUST
TRAVEL SLOWLY
morrow. Rev. J. J. Morgan of this city
will officiate.
The bride-to-be is a charming "young
lady and a belle In Glenn County society.
Mr. . Wolgamott is the accountant for
Chalmers Bros, of this city and a popular
and exemplary young man.
The total liabilities of the company are
$443,447 and the assets $376,104. Eugene F.
Parry was appointed receiver, with $100,
000 bonds.
.. STOCKTON. Aug. 20.— Peter Hopkins, -a
stevedore, fell; ftito Stockton channel while
under the. Influence of liquor last, night
and was 'drowned. . He was about 40 years
of ase.*; •¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦ »•
SEATTLE. • Aug. 20.— Charles W. Nord
strom will; In all probability be hanged in
the garret of the King County Courthouse
on Friday for the murder of "Willie Mason
nearly ten years ago. James Hamilton
Lewis, counsel for the prisoner, failed to
obtain a stay of proceedings from Judgp
W. R. Bell of the Superior Court to-day
and the question is not appealable. Nord
strom for the first time in his ten years*
imprisonment broke down and wept to-
Nordstrom to Die on Friday.
MEN MAKE AN' APPEAL ~
TO RESUME. THEIR WORK
Tennessee Judge Dissolves Injunc
tions Which Caused the Closing'
of Big Smelter. '
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 20.— Judge
McConnell,_ sitting at Cleveland, T^nn.,
to-day dissolved injunctions granted two
weeks ago In a case that involves mill
ions of dollars. At Ducktown, Tenn.,
$5,000,000 has been invested in the copper
industry and two mammoth "smelting
plants bull?. About. forty .farmers claim
that their land has been ruined < by. the
fumes from- the plants destroying all
vegetation. They filed suits for damages
and cessation of the alleged nuisance and
were granted injunctions two weeks ago,
the observance of which practically shut
down the plants. . --', »
i Three thousand men are employed in
the Industry and one feature of to-day's
hearing was the presentation of a monster
petition signed by 3000 citizens of Polk
County asking the dissolution .of ¦ the in
junction. The Tennessee Copper Com
pany and the Ducktown Sulphur, Copper
and Iron- Company are the corporations
involved. The former has spent $3,000,000
and employs 2000 men; the latter has spent
$1,000,000, is 'ready 'to. put In $4,000,000 more
and employs 1000 men. •
KECEIVEBS APPOINTED
FOR' TWO COMPANIES
Supreme Justice in Buffalo Takes Ac
tion in Cases of Business -
- 'Failure. ;
¦BUFFALO, Aug. 2 J.— Justice Kruze.in
«-the Supreme Court, to-day appointed: re
ceivers : for the Muskeok Lumber v Com
pany and the Chequessat Lumber: Com
pany of North Tonawanda. : This • action
is the result of the recent exposure In
Baltim(jre involving the alleged, whosesale
"kiting" of. promissory notes. When ap
plication ' was- made for the appointment
of a receiver 'of the Manor Lumber Com
pany of that city M. "F. Childs was ap
pointed receiver for. the - Muskeok ¦ Com
pany on his filing ' a bond in the sum of
$75,000. -.The total assets, of the Muskeok
Company were said to be J2S2.913 and the
liabilities $385,055. • ' .
The failure of the Chequessat Company
involves large sums and is alleged to.be
due to the failure of the American Hard
wood Company of Cincinnati, which re
cently went into the hands of a receive'r.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 20.— The trial of
School 'Director J. B. Seely of Tiburon on
a charge of offering to accept a bribe from
Contractor F. O. Waite In connection with
the . building of the new schoolhouse at
Tiburon was called in the Superior .-Court
here this morning. The defense was ready
to proceed, but- the prosecution desired
a continuance on . the ground that Con
tractor Waite could not be found. The
District Attorney made affidavit that he
was a material witness for the prosecu
tion. The case was then continued until
the 29th. In the meantime the prosecu
tion will look for .Waite.
Seely's Trial Delayed.
VINEYABDISTS HOLDING
OUT FOB HIGH PBICES-
Winemakers Likely to Agree Upon*
} an Offer of Eighteen Dollars ,
a Ton.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 20.— A number of
local winemakers to-day held an Informal
•meeting in the office of Guy. B. Bar ham
to discuss the present grape situation.
The winemakers are endeavoring to ar
rive at an agreement as to a price to be
paid for grapes at the outset of the pres
ent season. There seems to be a dlspo^
sltion on # the part of the vineyaxxtlsts to
stand off for a high price in the fall— a
figure higher than the winemakers can
afford to pay, if the representations of
the latter are to be credited. The so
called Woolacott offer g of $23 a ton for
wine grapes has apparently made thn
growers ¦ unwilling to listen to talk of
lower offers. The other wine men profe.M
to believe, that the Woolacott offer will
not stand the test of time. Mr. Woolacott
is now out of the city.'
The meeting to-day resulted In no defin
ite agreement as to a uniform price to be
paid, but it is believed an offer in the
neighborhood of $18 will be made.
TELEGBAPH WISES ;>; : >
SbON TO -RKACH EAGLE
Construction of the Line Along, the
Yukon Eiver Is Progressing
Rapidly.
VALDES. Alaska, Aug. 13, via Seattle,
Aug. 2O.r-The telegraph line building fr«jm
this place to Eagle City on the Yukon haa
been completed to Copper Center, while
the Government trail is finished fifty miles
farther inland. Both telegraph line and
trail will in all probability be completed
to Eagle City before winter.
A permanent telegraph office has been
established at Copper Center, which will
be of great convenience to the military
authorities as well, as to mining men.
The Government • has a military reserva
tion at this place and it is a central point
for miners and prospectors going to or
coming from the Copper country or thn
Chesna district.
McBride is also wanted by the Chief of
Police of Salt Lake for. "rolling" a man
there a short time ago and relieving him
of a $250 watch. It is claimed that, when
Assistant Postmaster in Salt ' Lake, Mc-
Bride,. in 1897, was sentenced to the peni
tentiary for five years for embezzlement,
but was pardoned while • the case was
pending on appeal. . $ '
When searched there were found on the
person of McBride and the woman and
in the different articles of baggage. a lot
of letters disclosing his whereabouts at
various times, just before and after the
postoffice robbery in Salt Lake last July,
a great many postofflce keys, chloroform,
knockout drops, etc. A more thorough
examination of the letters and papers
found in the baggage of the couple will be
made to-morrow, and after the arrival
of the other inspector it will be decided
whether to take McBride back to Salt
Lake now or wait for more evidence.
-McBride is wanted for complicity: in the
postofflce robberies in Salt Lake on July
14 and 31 last. He denies all* the allega
tions. The inspector says there is no
doubt he is the ¦ man, but the conclusive
evidence has not yet been found. -
¦-. Early this morning Bennett obtained a
searcn warrant from Justice Mesick, ar
rested McBride and took possession of
the baggage of the couple. The two have
been released, but are under surveillance.
Inspector Sharpe is expected here to-mor
row with additional evidence. - -
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug. 20.— Frank Me
Bride, who is said to be the son of ex-
Judge McBride of. the Supreme Court of
Utah and nephew, of ex-Senator George
W. McBride of this State, accompanied
by a woman named Claypool, who claims
to be his wife and has a child about 7
years of age,, which she says is theirs,
arrived here last evening. .They were fol
lowed by Inspector Bennett of the United
States Postofflce '- Department of Utah,
who has been tracing them from place to
place for, some time by intercepting their
mail. It is alleged that McBride left be
hind him in Utah a wife and two small
children. , . '¦-.' . v
On the 27th of April, in latitude 17 20 and
longitude 157 30, Frank Hodges, another
sailor, deliberately sprang to his death
during a dark, stormy night.
These unaccountable acts were reported
to the customs officials and were accepted
until the fact developed that of all im
portant papers to be mislaid, the crew
list of the Wood was missing. As a con
sequence. Collector Heustls refused per
mission for the v.essel to enter, and she
was detained pending advice from San
Francisco,- which is her home port. Cap
tain Hansen fears- that his vessel is
"hoodooed," through the sensational
events of the last voyage, but conditions
indicate that other causes may have been
at the bottom of the unaccountable
deaths. Among the papers presented by
the E. K. Wood at the Custom-house is
one written in French from. the Consular
Agent in Taiphong, and as yet this has
not been translated. This official is alleged
to have retained the crew list which is
missing, and a translation - of , the docu
ment in the foreign tongue is being await
ed with interest. Dispatches received to
night from Port Townsend state that the
Wood has at last been released and has
proceeded to* Whatcom to load.
The E. K. Wood, with another vessel,
\yras in tow of a tug when John Wells, a
seaman, sprang over: the side and struck
out for the other vessel astern. He was
drowned before he could reach it.
TACOMA, Aug. 20.— Whether a hoodoo
or something worse Is responsible for ex
isting conditions aboard the schooner E.
K. Wood is the question here, following
the arrival of that vessel at Port Town
send from a trip with cargo to Talphong,
China. - Whatever it is,, the vessel has
been detained by the customs officers and
two of the men who shipped on her for
the outward journey are at the bottom of
the Pacific. - The 'first is averred to have
committed suicide Before the vessel was
well started.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.:.¦¦¦-¦ .- ¦--¦.•
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
Victims Are Listed as Suicides,
but an Investigation Is
Under Way.
Suspect Is Traced to Baker
City by Postal Inspector -
Bennett.
Charge Many Crimes to
. Putative Nephew of *
. Ex-Senator: ;
E. K Wood Loses Two
Seamen During One
voyage. .
POLICE OF UTAH
WANT M'BRIDE
HOODOO RULES
THIS SCHOONER
3
:» PR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
. There Is a disease prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decep-
L [111 II EalpfO^ tive. Many sudden
*5~lil!iC* \Qk B3» deaths are caused by
S^^mf<& U — hSeart dlsease '
==fP2)V\|l a^ofc^p** pneumonia. heart
I|£hPw ISA -^alr 51^ ure or a P°Pk*y
J] tY^uLi "YnN. r are often, the result
p \\S of Hdney disease. If
"A 1^31 It fl k)'i I c^ ne y trouble Is al-
j=^/'="^ iKAWw I lo'wed to advance the
vte 5^ a^W itsL= kidney-poisoned
\^-»,-**jy3r^"—— blood will attack th«
NUMffanS^H vital or the
kidneys themselves break down and waste
away cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is '
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of S
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and -
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing It, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day, and to^get up many
times during the night. The mild and th»-
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is" soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold'
by 4 all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may £C~'fi'*L
have a sample bottle of fifT.^jjtXjfa^'"""^
this wonderful new dis- g^^SHSifjHiliOiia
covery and a book that * tS s£*jy'fegg2a
tells all about it. both HomeoOwunp-Roet.
sent free by mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
treading this generous offer in this paper.
("THERE are o her reasons than prices that
1 encourage your buying your made-to-measure
clothes of us.
While a low price is a big factor, you also
appreciate being sure of your purchase.
We s;;ve you monev and give you present
and 'future protection. For present protection we
.\sav:-' Money ,-*back- if you're not satisfied." For
. future protection we say: "Suits kept in repair
free for a year."
We c a n make y ou a; good
Suit to Order for $io oo
; P together with the above privileges. -It is all wool, and ac-
cording to the usual standard of price; for clothes, it is
, easiv trie equal of a $12.50 suit.
: \ k Interested people can hive all'ths Maniples they wish,
by asking for them. ' .
: ; -< Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through
I our self-miasuring system— write for samples.
718 Market Stpcet/and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets.
1 1|| 1|||| it My Lite. f
H [*&$& ' was Jn bad hwlth *** f ? rin S * nd couId not fit U P in btd forfour wetks - Men 1 Mffl
fS K UM conflnc< l mv ch'ld When I began to sit up I felt so weak and had such terrible BT&
Mj f~Sf>jy~S V> pains in my back and hips. I had kidney trouble, heart trouble and falling of the womb. - hm!
Br£*W h Ti#S«§WaJ I e'*o h*d hyiterica! fpdls. I wu in t bad condition when I received your "Ladies' Kff
W>t&£\ f J&X&&3 Birthday Almanac" and read the advertisement of Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black. jjf
W**?£& r&~^ Si D « u S h *- Since April 20th, I have taken four bottles of Wine of Cardui and three package* Bgk
&&£?$> J f i i^j3T— Oi of Thedford'* Black-Draught I feel like a new person now. I can do all my work and 1§«
&'^&j^/^^^*a&3 M " n waIk out to Jee of mv neighbors. I believe I would have been in the grave had it WS
M f %K ' #^4 1 not been. for Vine of Cardui. IT SAVED MY LIFE. Mrs. ALICE DAVIS. M
?/7 jj^0^C^^^^^^ ** we^ ***** women are more patient than men. Few men could bear ||«
r|J^<^^^^^*^^ga iht bftlcr pangs, the agony and distress that women endure. Thousands of «i
| ' X^^^^^aJ^H W0Tnen °^ e come *° look upon suffering as a duty of their sex. But there are mf
\ yjff^^^sa^^^ifsM n*any instances of this heroic fortitude which KB
!$ now renders unnecessary. Women need no longer suffer for modesty's take. Wine of Cardui brings E
a^f relief to modest women in the privacy of their homes. Many of the best homes in this city are never El
p without thii great medicine. It cure* "white*" and falling of the womb and completely eradicate these Tg»
| dragging periodical pains. Mrs, Davis* cure shows you conclusively what you may expect if you E»
P follow her example and take Wine of Cardui Thedford's Black-Draught aids Wine of Cardui by regu- MS
5£ Iating the stomach and bowels. When you esk your druggist for these medicines, be sure you get 1^
g them. It was Wine of Cardui wuJ Thedford's Biack-Draught that saved Mrs. Davis' life. Never take a !£&
Substitute. For frdTice ftsd Ufceratero, Address, rivin e symptoms, "The Indies' Adrisorx MS
£j : Department/' Tm Chattanoog-* Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. CHI8. In the event of the failure of the club
which, f hall be/awarded the contest to : bring
it off ln the stipulated time," as per agreement.
4. , The winner of said contest to receive 75
par. cent and the. loser 25 per cent of whatever
purse or percentage that may be offered. ./ "• ¦,
5. James J.' Jeffries and Gus Ruhlin. agree
to post $2500 each with 'Harry- Corbett 'as evi
dence of good faith -.in v fulfilling -all 'the -pro-"
visions of this contest. Death of. either of saU
parties to this contest 'to nullify, the contract.
; 6.- The said Jeffries and Ruhlin agree not to
engage in any * boxing contest of . over, four
rounds before the date of their meeting. . v; .
.; 7.-. The clubs making offers of a.percentage
or "purse shall post as . an' evidence of : their
good faith and ability to carry- out the. pro
visions of these articles JIBOO with Harry Cor
bett.'--' •; '• ¦,-¦¦: ••:¦--.•..-¦ •• t -...-¦-....,
1. : Said -James J. . Jeffries and Gus Rnhlin
agree to box twenty -rounds according: to Mar
quis of Queensberry rules in San Francisco In
either. November or December before the club
which shalloffer the best 'Inducements. •
2-. The said Jeffries and Ruhlin agree to
wear gloves weighing no less than five ounces.
3. The said Jeffries and Ruhlin agree to
accept George Siler of Chicago as referee of the
contest. .-.:..-'¦. ¦.•.--.¦ . •- . / ¦¦ ¦'• ¦ . ¦ . ' - ¦• '- - - ;
were selected as alternative months for
the contest was on account of the racing
season belnsr in ' full ¦ sway at. that time
and the probability of the strike being at
an end. positive and negative reasons -for
a big attendance. Jeffries prefers a date
In the beginning of November. -He-de
clares hlmsQlf willing to take on another
aspirant for championship honors In De
cember, thus closing the year with two
tights. •
Neither principal of the match signed
the papers. Jeffries stood by while the
articles were read to him. Egan signing
a.t. a nod from the big fellow. Ruhlin was
far away from the scene, chasing cotton
tails down at Blankins, where he will
train for the fight. Billy Madden did the
pen work for the man from Akron.
According to the articles. Harry Cor
bett Is pretty much pf a poohbah. He Is
to be the' arbiter In case of any ques
tions arising outside -the agreement. He
is also, the stake holder.
Tne articles of agreement in full are as
follows: ~
SAN' FRANCISCO. Auk. , : 20.
-'Articles of agreement entered Into this 20th
day of August. 1901. between James J. Jeffries
and Gus Uuhlln: . '
; /; BILLY, MADDEN. ;•
-. • ; ; '.For. Gus Ruhlin. v
;.'<'>.-i;; : " "' '• JOSRPH-P. EOAN.v
/ ' '--¦« : .'. . For.James, J., Jeffries. ...
On* Thursday at 1 o'clock thV bids for
the fight must ; be 'filed -. with Harry Cor
bett, j who will open them at that time.
Two clubs are in the field, the Twentieth
Century and, the San. Francisco. The 'for
mer is prepared to pro, as far as K- per
cent of the receipts!.. What Grogera Ins will
offer; is as* yet a. secret. Something new
13.'vThe parties to this agreement shall sup
ply their. own gloves, subject to the Inspection
of the referee. . Neither, of the said principals
ls ; to^enriany bandaees-of 'any nature-dur-
. Ing. the contest. ' .
. 14. : >- Clubs ¦ bidding for"- the contest shall flip
sealed -proposals, accompanied by > certified
checks. for J2500, with: Harry Corbett not later
than Thursday. August'22. :at>.l o'clock p. m.
ThPFe bids shall be opened at .1 'o'clock P. m.
of .. Thursday.'./ August 22, by "the said Harry
Corbett In the presence of representatives of
the parties to this agreement. These bldsari)
to be Ijindlntr on the part of the clubs and the
parties to 1 the agreement.- .'
-. In witness hereof the. parties hereto -have
¦ hereby ret thelc hands, and seal thl* 20th dav
Of August, }1901. ,„. :¦ ' ••¦
11. Parties to the. agreement shall, he en
titled to full and unrestricted representation
In ' all box offices and doors of the hall In
which the contest shall be held. The .parties
to- the agreement ' shall "mutually acrree over
theprlre pf . tickets -^ and "the number of com
plimentary tickets Issued, tlip.rlub seriirln^ th?
contest to iiav full face. ; value for all tickets
taken at the door. - '/'.''•
12. .AIT other stipulations and agreement." not
covered ! In these, articles of -nrreement shall.
In the event of a .dispute, -be finally decided
by Harry Corhett. . : ; ; > * . ¦ . ¦ .
10. ; The. club securing "the contest shall give
a bond of $25,000, or in the event, of failure to
furnish such bond, the stakeholder. Hnrry Cor
hett.- shall huve entire • -control of all the
moneys paid by the public, as admission fees or
a» privileges in connection : with the contest.
9. ' In the event of the failure of either party
to appear -in the ° ring on the date ?«-t for the
event, or in the event of the failure or either
of the said parties to 'fulfill; the- provisions of
this contract, the $2r.00 posted- hv -the man so
falling sh>ill be forfeited -and divided eflually
between the other party . to this contract' and
the club seen rine the contest./; ¦. . \ ' .
the said $2300 shall be forfeited ana paid by the
said Harry Corbett to Jeffries and Ruhlin. , the
money to be divided equally. ,r*> = • ¦
••When the parties were seated »it. was
suggested to get a copy of the old Cin
cinnati agreement. • Madden had.thia^on
his person and the -articles - drafted' yes
terday-embody-all the^prtneipai points of
the former, agreement and. a few addi
tional terms. These were suggested from
time to time as the. new articles were be
ing written and inserted' in proper PJace.;-;!
Only one discussion occurred during the
entire proceeding. . -The Jeffries party
wished' to reserve to itself 'the right of
eflgaging in contests 'up ¦ to the ..time. of.
the fight. • Madden puta '"flat foot down
on this proposition / and a compromise
measure bridged what, might have devel
oped: into a. slight disagreement. ¦ As ' it
stands neither fighter, can engageMn"con
tests for more than four rounds up to the
day of the fight.- ' ' .'¦ : .i- ' ;./.;:
; The | reason November -and ; December
Jim JefTrlea.and Gus Ruhlin are match
ed to tight in San Francisco either in No
vember or December 'before the club of
fering: th'e best -inducements. v Billy. De
laney, Joe Egan and the champion him
self and Billy Madden, representing Ruh
lin, met early , yesterday, afternoon \at
Harry. Corbett's -on Ellis street and in a
trice came to a written agreement for", the
championship, heavy-weight battle of the
world. No programmed slate in a politi
cal convention ever worked so smoothly.
There, was no -.haggling, .no contentious
display. Both -parties to the . contract
seemed to know just what was wanted
and ready signatures were affixed as soon
as the articles T)f agreement were, drawn
Up. - . ; -'•- - 1 •-• ¦-- ¦'¦*. \'-' . . : - . ,-j. v,
Jeftries came from Harbin Springs just
to be present at the meeting. With him
was Joe Egan. the man who looks out
for the financial end of things when- the
big fellow is.on the road doing footlight
stunts. ; Egan and Delaney and -Jeffries
made up one of the parties to the con
tract and Billy Madden, who ¦» engineers
all the business of the. "Akron -Giant,"
was' the other. The original hour for the
discussion of. .the articles .was set -at 2,
but contrary to this 'understanding the
necessary work in drawing up the papers
and the signing was accomplished before
1 o'clock. . ¦ '-. • .. - '¦ .-' ' ¦, ¦-..'
Flattery is the" praise we hear bestowed
on other people.
latest criffene. hair brushed, smoothly
back and braided, then doubled up and
tied at the nape of the neck, with a neat
black bow. This style of head- dress Is
very becoming to Mrs. Harvey. Three of
the swellest looking women here — Mrs.
Walter Hobart. Mrs. Will Crocker and
Mrs. Frank Cnrolan— wear nothing but
blue gowns during the day. Mrs. Carolan
and Mrs. Crocker ha%*e the somberness of
their' blue apparel relieved by fanciful
white stitching. Mrs. Walter Hobart lends
a touch of brightness to her dress by a
vest and collar and. cuffs of white lace.
2:19 class, trotting, purse, $1000. funflnlshed)~
Faille Simpson won the first and second heats.
Best time 2:15?;. Leola won the third heat in
V¥5}- ». le l?f^*SS won the »o»rth -heat In
2:1j%.: --Limerick.- Henrietta. Spins Lassie L
n. Charles D. Jacpbs. Ben Hal, Easter, Debul
Oneont.i. Roberta. Mary C and the Spaniard
in tha wayof articles of agreement Is the
fSo -Ti ?' h L ch i f lves . »; h e Principal parties
the, right of. determining what price shall
be charged for tickets. As all bids are
sealed the prizefight promoters will be
working in the dark as far as the mag-
I\ itu £ e Ji f . the Puree necessary to secure
the, fight. ia concerned. •
city to-day .for Harbin Springs, where he
will, remain for some time doing light
work.- Jeffries takes ligrht exercise! at the
springs and is already grindlnjr away the
fatty tissue. * Ruhlin willbfgin Ma work
in. the near future. Billy Delaney is on
the: spot and will be present Thursday
when the 'bids- are made public. - -• -
x ., ¦o.tiestion was mnde.over the referee.
Like tho rest of the^slate the referee was
selected -without discussion. .
-Foals 1R38. trottlngs. purse $2000— Admiral
Deney won two straight heat*. Best time
2 : 14 V4- Carrie Bel. Rowellan. Hawthorne. Nelly
Boca. -Melton. Saytell and Bora 1 ma's Brother
also started. • .
¦2:24 class, pacing, the Norfolk stakes, $5000—
Audubon Boy won tlie first, fourth and fifth
heats.. Best time, 2:0C»4. Shadow Chimes won
the third heat tn 2:10*4. New Richmond won
the second heat in 2:11. Cinch, Ds.lnty Queen,
loulse.G, Starp'ugh. Rajah. Amber Sphinx, Go
See. Helolse and Terrace . Queen also started.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $1000— Toggles won
two straight heats. Best time, 2:11%. Little
Dick." Temple Wllkes, Sister Alice and Janice
nlpo started.. .• ..
2:25 class, trotting, purse $1000 (unfinished
from yesterday)— Alberta D woft the thjrd.
fourth and fifth heats.' Best time. 8:14)4.
Marlque won the first heat ln 2:15'.i. Blngen
won the second heat in 2:13%. Easter. Laur
etta. John Hooper. Santa, Captain Haff.. Sen
ator Mills. Nanlta, Baroness and Lenora also
started. ;
I READVILLE, Mass.. Aug. 20.— At the grand
"circuit track to-day Audubon Boy won the 2:!4
class pace for the Norfolk- stake of $3000 from
Shadow Chimes, trie big favorite, who Is owned
and was driven to-day by Ed Geers. The Blue
Grass horse had to be contented with the third
heat, the first and the last two falling; to Au—
dubon Boy. Summary.
ATJDUBON BOY WINS
BIG NORFOLK STAKES
For a time this evening there was a
mild wrangle among the golfers as to the
proper time for playing of the finals In the
big tournament in which C. E. Maud will
meet • H. M. Sears. Maud, it seems, is a
crack polo player and will play with the
Southern team In the match game to
morrow afternoon. Naturally enough he
wished to play the final match at golf
to-morrow forenoon. To this Mr. Sears
objected. The matter was laid before a
committee and matters were amicably
arranged by the two contestants agreeing
to play twenty-seven holes before the
noon hour arid the other nine after
.luncheon. . .
The fiualifying round in the ladies'
tournament. In which the noted rivals.
Mrs R -Gili-nan Brown and Miss Caro
Crockett, will again clash, will open to
morrow.
lost to Hubbard 1 up in nineteen holes.
While playing good golf, Fred Stratton
found 8eara. too warm company, going
down by a score of 5 up and 4 to play.
After the lunah hour play was resumed
with Maud and Wilshlfe first up at the
tee. The former outplayed his opponent,
scoring 7 up and 4 to play. Hubbard made
a bold bid asrainst Sears, but gave It up
at the fifth hole, all chance being gone,
Sears winning by C up and 4 to play.
Want to^Be Athletes. 1
There' Is a great show, made of going ln
for • athletics, but there is considerable
more talk than effort:". The girls wheel a
the. fashionables Is mahogany colore,«l
arms. The- ladies and gentlemen as 'well
acquire them at the. golf links, and the
men pull down. their sleeves when they
get Indoors, whereas the ladies wear el
bow sleeve afternoon gowns and sleeve
less dinner dresses, and thus display at all
times- the rounded nutbrown arms. Not
a speck of powder may be used, and If the
arms contrast with the evening, dress,
even to' the point of black and white, so
much. the. better. Tanned, cheeks, how
ever, are no longer permissible, and a
freckle on the nose of a patrician is pun
ishable by ostracism. To keep well within
the bounds and have the face fair and
spotless thfck chiffon veils are continually
worn. The ladles come down to breakfast
with thelr t heavy veils tied round their
hats and hanging loosely round.their faces
like. a silken curtain. Some.'iadlps go a
step further In the matter of'vells and
wear two. Mrs. Carolan plays the double
face curtain game, a dotted spidery mpsh
tied tightly and a black dotted chiffon
falling loosely over It. Mrs. -.Will Crocker
Is also a follower of the two-veil' fashion,
whereas her sister, the Princess. Ponla
towski, boldly defies fashion, and wears
no veil at all. The Princess is the hap
piest looking woman down here. While
she Is upsetting fashionable decrees in the
matter of veils the Prince is breaking
rules in the auestion of trousers. He is
the. only man at Del Monte excepting the
crack players from the southland, who
¦wears unmentionables and not "knickers"
and leggings. It is hard to understand
how the Prince does it. for he lives inane
very midst of splendid examples.
Kro'ther-ln'-law Will Crocker parades his
sturdy yet shapely calves set off by. solid
gray. hosiery, and Brother-in-law Charles.
Alexander goes in for plnhead checked
knickerbockers and brilliant , hose.
Crocker looks pale but determined, Alex
ander looks gay and reckless, -while the
Prince simply looks contented. . ¦ .- . .
FEATHERSTONE STABLES
WILL BAdE AT OAKLAND
SARATOGA. . N. Y.'. Aug. 20.— Arthur
Featherstone, the Chicago mHlionaira
bicycle manufacturer and owner of' one of
the. best racing stables in America, to-day
announced: his Intention' of'" sending a.'
formidable lot of horses to race this win
ter on the Pacific Coast. The string will
be handled:, by his successful trainer.
Julius Bouer.'and is composed chlefly ir of
stake and handicap horses: . ¦
MANAGERS SIGN ARTICLES FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP HEAVY-WEIGHT FIGHT
bit and ride a bit. play.golf a bit and
bit.., but the day .over,- the com
bined sports, all told, do-not make much
of a showing. -Miss Alice Hager' probably
does more real work than all theother
girls combined. TSarly morning finds her
astride her. wheel, at 10 o'clock she goes to
the golf links,- 3t noon she' 'is' down at the
beach and ln the afternoon there is ¦ a
happy arrangement of time that gives
each of her favorite sports a fair share of
attention. If if came to a matter of .de
ciding whose arms were the brownest.
Miss Hager would stand more than a fair
chance to win. Last evening she wore a
black tulle evening- 'gowns, all a-glltter
with blackest .let. Her sleeves were
elbow length and the rounded arms thus
exposed showed up good and dark in spite
of the setting of her black gown.
Miss Mary Eyre, a neat little figure in
her mourning gowns, is by ;far the most
graceful wheelwoman here. Miss .Tolllffe
goes Tn considerably for the bicycle, and.
disdaining the use of a <*onch. goes awheel
to the polo grounds. Mrs. Walter Magee
affpets horseback riding and takes' her
dally morning canter in companv with her
young husband.. Mrs. Walter Martin has
been driving considerably and' Walter
Martin strides the noble steed in company
with brother Downey and hfs wonderfully
fetching young daughter. * Miss Hgrvey.
Miss Harvey rides with grace and" tools a
coach and four in a way that must make
Hobart green with envy.
¦¦*'•. Xadies and Their Dresses. '
Nothing very startling in the way of
gowns has appeared a,s yet. The ladies,
rumor goes, are keeping their most stun
ning creations for the latter part- of the
week. The handsomest gown that has
been seen thus far was without doubt the
white; lace dreso worn by Mrs. Carolan
last evening. Mrs. Carolan has grown
extremely thin since her recent Illness,
but it Is not thinness that is unbecoming.
She is graceful and willowy, and if her
face is pale her eyes appear^all the
blacker and her hair all the more dark
for It.
Mrs. Downey Harvey has adopted the
GOLFElia IN COMPETITION ON THE DEL MOXTE LINKS, WHERE THE
! FIRST PART OF THE CARNIVAL' OF SPORTS .IS .FINDING EXPRES
SION DURING MORNING AND AFTERNOON. • V ¦ ' •
' Mismanagement on the part of the rail
road officials, or a misunderstanding on
the part of the' passengers, brought eight
ladies and a poor lone man back to the
hotel less than two hours after they had
started' cityward. These passengers were
in a rear tra'n. They had reached Castro
ville when the conductor called out with
a well-developed railroad accent. "Change
for San Francisco." No one in the car.
however, paid the" slightest attention to
his instructions. It was only when they
found their car being uncoupled that they
began to ask one another what the con
ductor had said and they found out their
mistake. They finally persuaded the
etonyrhearted officials to take .them back
to Monterey. Mrs. Driscoll, mother of
Tom Driscoll. was in the party and was
bo ashamed of;the mistake that reflected
discredit upon her ability as a traveler
that she sneaked Up the rear entrance and
got to her rooms, where she declares she
will remain locked in for the balance of
her forced slay. .
The very latest 'thing as' exploited by
McFADDEN WINS FROM ' j
BAKER ON A DECISION
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— After fighting fif
teen rounds to-nlght.at the Reliance Club.
"Kid" McFaddcn was given the decision
over George Baker. Referee. Ed Smith an
nouncing that the "Kid" Won because he
was the aggressor. It was a close de
cision. If Baker had had steam enough in
his punches he could have badly damaged
his opponent! Baker showed more speed
and was much cleverer with his work, but
McFadden's • hammer and tongs - method
won the referee; The boiit was a satis
factory! one. The other goes were tamo.
"Kid" Healy went' out in the first round
from Louis Long. Dave Barry and Prank
Nlcholls made "goo-goo" eyes at each
other for a couple of rounds and Referee
Smith threw them out of ' the ling. A3
fighters they were rank fall titles.
Mild Sort of Accident.
iliarty that Included the Princess Ponia
•towski. Miss llager and Mrs. Downey
Harvey.
their prediction already partially
verified. The sun, which has' been sulking
for several days, came out ; warm and
bright and everybody reflected its glad
ness. • This morning, without any prelim-.
Inary ado, a cross country run or drag
hunt was arranged for. ¦ , •;
The start was fixed for 2:30 from in front
of the hotel and with unusual punctuality,
about twenty minutes later than the ap
pointed hour, the merry party galloped
off with hounds^ barking and .horns sound
ing. But wh'aC, promised to be a great
chase into a hard ride- with
honors for no one and fortunately Sio ac
cidents. Whoever it was that trailed the
aniseed bag did' the -work carelessly.
The result was that the: hounds lost the
scent and fell back, and then -Frank Caro
lan took his> followers . along' the. seven
teen-mile drive through' some wooded
country where a lunch was .served and
then along the beach home., -In the
mounted party were Prince Poniatowski,
R. Betner, ¦ the Misses Harvey, Cyril
Tobin, J. Downey Harvey, Joe Tobin,
Charles Dunphy, Miss Rowena Burns,
Walter Martin, Miss Therese Morgan,
Dick Tobin. Mrs. Walter Magee. Teddy
Howard. Mips Jennie Crocker, Tom Dris
coll. \V O'Connor, Mr. Flower. Will O'Con
nor, Mr. Freed. Templeton Crocker, Miss
Marie Louise Parrott. Miss Daisy Parrot t.
Miss Wittell. Parker Whitney. Miss Ethel
Dean and Everett X. Bee.
Many coaching parties followed the
rideji. Walter Hobart had his coach out
and* with him were Mrs. Carolan, Mrs.
Hobart. Miss Flora* Low and Meb. Alex
ander, who sat beside him on "he box.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott had a coaching
EL MOXTE, Aug. 2O.-The know
ing ones who claimed that as the
week progressed things would
liven up considerably have had
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 20.— Eddie
Smith of Salt Lake City broke the world's
amateur one mile bicycle record at the
Salt Palace saucer track to-night, riding
the distance in the first heat of a mile
handicap race in 1:57 3-5. Thj is one and
a fifth seconds better than the previous
record made by V. J. Hoffman at Butte
Mont., a few weeks ago.
In a ten mile motor race Clem and
Charles Turville of Philadelphia estab
lished a new world's record for the dis
tance on an eight-lap track, their time
being 14:23 4-5.
SMITH BREAKS HALF- .
MILE BICYCLE RECORD
Third, race, steeplechase, handicap short
course— Georgre W. Jenkins won, Jim HcGlb
b»-n second. Cooly third. Time. 2:59.
Fotirth ran?, six furlongs, selling Toluca
won. The Geeeer second. Hlmtime third. Time,
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs, selling—
Balm of Gilead won.'Axares second Six Bits
third. Time. 1:00.
Sixth race selling. E e\en and a half furlongs
-B. C. Fox won. Haffled second. Alaho II
third. Time. 1:2S.
different.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. M.-Resylta:
First race, two mlle«. over eight hurdles—
Holland won. Draughtsman second. Time
4:01 2-5. OnJy two etarten*.
- Sotond race, seven furlongs. selling-Ham
mock won, Barbara Freltchle second, Satire
third. Time. 1:27.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Rochamp
ton won. Imp second. Th« Khvmer. third. Time.
3 r46 3-5, • ¦ . .
Fonrth race, fire and a half fprlon^s—Hono
lulu won. Arak second, ShandonUeld third.
Time. 1:08.
Fifth race, mtU and a. sixteenth—Klnnikln
nlc won. The Amazon second. Trigger third.
Time. l:K 4-S.
I . Sixth race, fii* and a half furlongs, selling—
Klsie L won. Keynote second. Oclawaha third.
Time. 1:07 2-S. ,
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Hawthorne results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Muresca
won. Pyrrbo second. Harry Wilson third. Time
1:13.
Se«rond race, seven furlongs selling— School
for Scandal .won. About second, Audle third.
Time, 1:32. . .
Third rare, rn'.le and seventy yards— Malay
won. Trinltv Bell second. « Strangest third.
Time. 1 :52^i. . . ; „*
Fourth race, mile handicap — Vulcaln won
'Hernando second. Silurian third. Time. 1:48^4.
Fifth race, six furlongs. Felling— Educate
won. If You Dare second. Goal Runner third.
Time. I:19«4.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling
Oxnard won. Prslrle Dos second, George Cee
third. Time. l-.Ktf.
ST. LOt'IS. Augr. 20.— Delmar summary:'
First race, six and a half furlongs — Two An
nies won. Miss Cooner , second. Oratian third
Time. 1 :22. . -, : . ..
Second race, six furlongs— Ed L won. Little
Chicken second. Charlr* E. B!lling*]ey third.
Time. 1:15.
Third race, five and a half rurlongs — Madabel
won, Lillian M second, Attelle third. Time
1:09.
Fowrth race, six furlongs— Kazan yon. Ten
ney r»e!Ie second. Churchill third. Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, six and A half furlongs — l>elsarte
won. Percy R second, Teucer third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Tickful won, Zaz«l second. Imp. cioneilla
third. Time, l:47%i.
FORT ERIE. Ont.. Aug. 20.— Results:
Plrst race. 6lx and a half furlongs— Mynheer
tvnn. Branch second. Maple third. Time. 1:22.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, selling
— Iago won. I-cmupl second. J. Patrick third.
Time. :jS\.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth— Orontas
m - on. Obstinate Simon second, Montreal third
Time. l:50>4.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Doll'* Commoner
won. Meditation second. Merriment third.
Time. 1 :OI«4. . i
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs-Invasion
won. Foneda second. Pigeon Post third. Time •
i :CS. (
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs, selling
— Magentlc won. Prince of Song second. Lady
Silver third. Time. l:36ii.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 2O.-Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Tom King won
Distance second. C«prlvl third. Time. 1-3114 '
Second race, six furlongs— I^e Garto won 'Del
Allen second. Regalong third. Time. I:IS%.
Third race, five furlongs— Shell Mount won
Winnie Cook second. Pirate Maid third. Time'
1:03.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth Algar
etta won. Pope Leo second. Nobleman third
Time. 1:49.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Declared
err.
Sixth race. *!x furlongs— Uttle ITenry won
Pweet Caporal -second. I^dy Contrary third.
Time. 1:15.
Seventh race, elx furlonpji-Mlss Remsen
won. Virgle <TOr second. Kitty Kelly third
Time. 1;15..
DETROIT. Aug. 20.— Windsor results:
First race, six furlongs. selling-Northum
tula won. Elbe second, Jim Nap third. Time.
Second rare, five . f urlongs-^Tenry 7Mt won
Newton W second. AH Gray third. Time'
1 104*4. . , #
Horses That Took the Money From
Fields Good, Bad and In-
RESULTS OF RACING
ON EASTERN TRACKS
- During: the shut-down some of the em
ployes will be transferred to the El Paso
plant.
Assistant Superintendent McDonald says
the shutting down is to give the plant a
thorough cleaning and denies as untrue
that the closing is to trace an alleged
shortage of $l(K),000 in the ore accounts.
Jt is stated that this work can be finished
by January L Whether the smelter will
reopen at that time will. It Is eaJd, be
determined by the board of directors at
their meeting ln New York on September
3L A. R. Myers, a local member of the
board. Is now ln that city, and Superin
tendent Page is in Virginia, A. dispatch
from Omaha quotes Guy G. Barton, an
other member of the board, as saying:
"The question whether to make exten-
Flxe repairs or to completely rebuild the
plant is now under consideration. How
long the plant will be shut down I do not
know. There is no shortage at the Argen
tine plant. The business will be handled
at the Omaha plant. This arrangement Is
only temporary, however, as it is not pro
posed to permanently close the Argentine
plant.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 2O.-The Ar
gentine Smelter, one of the largest plants
owned by the American Smelting and Re
fining: Company, and which employs 800
men. wilt. H is announced, be closed down
on September 15.
Plant Will , Be Closed Down,
but for Repairs, They •
.Declare.
Argentine Smelter Men
Deny Story of Miss
ing Coin.
NO SHORTAGE,
SAY OFFICIALS
SOCIETY GOES A-HUNT ING OVER THE MONTEREY HILLS
AND MILD BUT ANNOYING ACCIDENTS BEFALL THE RIDERS
Maud- and Sears Wilh>Oontest for -the Del Monte Gojf Gup— Coaching- Parties Are Quite the Proper
Thing, and Ladies With Sunburned Arms Rule the \ Day---Gossip Among the Society Women Who Struggle
for Dress Leadership— From the Social; Standpoint the yGarnival of Sports WiH Be a Gre^ Success
CHORUS GIRL
GAINS FORTUNE
California Land Brings
Thousands to Ma\die°
Stuart. \
? \
Long Wait for Riches Finally
Rewarded by. a Grea\
Sale. . \
Ejjeclal Dispatch to The Call. ' \
mSJSP^SP' Aub - 20-— Maldle Stuart has
SloO.OOO. She drew $75,000 of it this morn
ing and will get the rest to-morrow. .
To add to the romance of It all Maldie
rf rt <f^ C «° rU3 s1rK Her famj ly has been In
the small daughter could earn has been
of vast assistance. When the Metropoli
tan Opera Company took possession of
Sunnyside Park, Maldle be§ran sinking in
the chorus Meanwhile old Dame Fortune
was working overtime to help her, and
(? r ii l . w . ay ln California the Golconda of
Mamie s wildest dreams -was gettlnsr
ready.
Some years ago Maldle's farther bought
320 acres of land at Bakersfleld, Cal..
mainly -because It was cheap land and he
had vague ideas he. might some day do
something with it. Years went by and
the family forgot the land except when
notified to pay taxes. "When the Bakers
fleld oil excitement began the Stuarta
asked Attorney Edward O'Brien of 1S3
Dearborn street to see if the land was
worth anything. Then Maidle went sing-
Ing and the land was again forgotten.
O'Brien closed out the land the other
day for 1150,000. Half of the money ar
rived to-day and Maldle nearly lost her
eyes gazing at.it. the balance
comes to-morrow she will probably go
blind "for keeps."- Misa Stuart says she
will not give up the stage.
SPEED PBOGRAMME OP
THE CONTRA COSTA FAIR
Racing Card Gives Promise of Being
Chief Feature of the
Celebration.
The Contra Costa County Agricultural
Society has prepared a programme of
races far beyond the average. • {Every
preparation is' being made to Insure a
success of the county fair, the chief fea
ture of which will be the races. The pro
gramme of races is as follows: '
SPEED PROGRAMME. '
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 23.
Xo. 1—2:25 pace, free to all. 3 tn 5 $150
Xo. Z — Stake race for district yearlings, trot
or pace— mile dash; entries close August 5;
entrance fee ?2 50 on nomination; $2 60
September 1 and $3 the day of the race.
Three to. start to get added money of $50.
Xo. 3 — Running »~ mile and repeat 73
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21
Xo. 1— Free-for-all trot. 3 In 5 M0
Xo. 2 — Stake race for district two-year-olds.
trotters, mile dash: entries close August 5.
Entrance fee $2 50 on nomination. $2 50
September 1 and ?5 the day of th« race.
Three to start to set added money of $50.
Xo. 3— Running, mile dash 100
Xo. 4 — 2:35 pace, district. 3 In 5 10O
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27.
No. 1— For three-year-old district trotters,
3 In i.... 10O
Xo. 2 — Gentleman's driving race for district
trotters;, owners to drive: 3 In 5. (Horses
starting. In this race not eligible to start
In any other race) 75
Xo. 3— 2:40 trot, district. 3 In 5 « l.iO
Xo. 4— Running. U mile and repeat 50
• : - SAT.URDAT. SEPTEMBER 23.
Xo. :1— :Free^-for-all pace. 3 In 6.... ......'. 3P<»
Xo. 2— Running, % mile .'.'IT,
No. 3-2:30 trot, S In 5 130
To constitute ownership In, the district th«9
owner : of a horse must be either an actual
resident therein or his name must appear as
a taxpayer *on real estate therein. r -
Entrance In all purse races 10 per cent of the
purse, payable one-half on nomination and one
half at 12 o'clock noon the day before the race.
In all races the purse will be divided Into threw
moneys— .60 per cent, 30 per cent and 10 per
cent.
Unless otherwise specified all races mile
heats. 2 tn 0.
- All racing governed by National Association
rules.
In all Durse races noted above flv» or man
raid-up entries required to fill; three or more
horses to start. Address 1 *
A. B. MeKENZIE. Secretary. Martinez.
Will Be the "Frisco System/'
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 20.— Hereafter all
properties In the Kansas City. Fort Scott
and Memphis Railroad and the St. Louis
and San Francisco Railroad will bo known
under the name of "The Frisco System."
This Is the effect of the consolidation of
the Memphis route and the Frisco line.
With the acquisition of the Memphis the*
Frisco system now includes 3500 miles of
railroad and from date nH the advertising
matter and time cards of the joint proper
ties will bear the name "Frisco system."
SOUTHERNERS HAVE A SUCCE SSFUL INNING ON THE GOLF LINKS
THE SAN risANUISCO OAIilj, WEDNESDAY; V AUGUST 21, 1901.
' premacy and possession of the
beautiful Del Monte cup will be con
tested by C. ,E. Maud and H. M. Sears
in the final match play. The north Is out
of the battle entirely, and any way it
comes the trophy will be freighted off to
Southern California.-' Both the golfers
mentioned p"ut up a ' magnificent game,
each excelling in long, carefully placed
drives." - The stoicism and utter disregard
of anything pertaining to nervousness dis
played by Maud is expected to land him
winner, but Jim Melvijle and the balance
of the professionals think It "even money
and. take your* pick."
¦ In* the forenoon play Silent, once con
sidered a winner, lost to Maud by a score
of 4 'and 3 to play. Orr. the expert lower
country player, sadly off and at sea on
these links, went down to defeat at the
hands of Wilshire, 5 up and 4 to play. An
over the fence drive from the home tee
the second time around put R. M. Fitz
gerald hopelessly out of business,- for he
EL MONTE, Aug. 2O.-Bright ana
early the golfers were up and
at It .-again on the links to
__ day, and the struggle for su-
4
r*^^^^^~ w£T3^jy FRE E~ Se " el nBme and address on postal card for 764-page catalogue.
i^^^^^^"*^ WINCHF^TFR REPEATIMR flRM<? pn 18 - 420 Ma^st.,
*mf~ a=L-n} V»»»»nCOlCn nCrCHUiiU HniVIO UU., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Philadelphia takes almost 6000
boxes a month of Fels-Naptha
soap, because folks know it.
Took less last winter — they don't
half know it yet
Fels & Co.,, makers, Philadelphia.
enjoyed ! best when
mounted on a.
CLEVELAND
. *
$40 and $30
Coaster Hub Brakes j
J5.00 extra.
Leavitt&Bill
309 Larkin-su
Oaxund Saxv Fra-ncisco
jgjga*^ VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY forMEM
J$2^3l MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
*?i^ ks have been in use over fl'ty
*£VJr«>v;S|5i years by the leaders of th*
sSift>S;'!& i^i*9l* Mormon Church ami their
LSSvfcl^MrvSS followers Positively cure the
Pti% Tk^Sa worst cases in old and youn?
wVm vKa arising from effects of gelf-
Y\2t\)l£z3f abuse, dissipation, excesses or
>^58£'8.^3 riearette-smokinff. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
' ' iSltf'kSSr Power. Xlsht Losses. Ir.scm-
r.la Pains ln Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. TTnfltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen, -mm \ aricocelo or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner*5 fl vous Twitching o£
Eyelids. Effects are i^JrLlmmediate. Iin-
rart vigor and pote CEWTS ncy to every func-
tion Don't get despendrnt; a cure- ia at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. SUmutata
tha brain ar.J nerve, centers: 50c a box; 6 for
V EC by mall. A wrttten guarantee to curs or
money refunded with S boxes. Circulars free.
Addre-.!. BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 E11U St..
Pan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DKUG CO.. S3
end « TMrd .t. -TO ARRIVE,
Steamer . Movements.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Aller. for
Naples; stmr Lahn, for Bremen via Southamp
ton: stmr Cevic. for Liverpool.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to Aug 20—
Stmr Aoranel. from Vancouver, etc. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Auk 20— Stmr Oopack.
from Portland, Or., via Manila; stmr Domin
ion, from Portland.
PLYMOUTH-Sailed Aug 20-Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, from Hamburg and Boulogne for New
York. "
MARSEILLES— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Scotia,
from New York for Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived An? 20— Stmr
Kaissrin Maria Theresa, from New York for
Bremen, and proceeded.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Auk 20— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York via Plymouth, for
Hamburg-. an<l proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Grosser
Kurf uerst, from Bremen and Southampton.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 6-^>r stmr Sltho
nla, for San Francisco. 18 — Stmr Victoria for
Tacoma. , ¦¦ ; ¦
VALFARAISO^-Salled : June 2t-Br bark Sa
vernake. for San Francisco. •-•.:
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Aue 20-Br stmr Cop
tic* hence "Aue z.~ ••--¦- ¦.
SWANSEA^Eail Aug 17— Fr bark Duchesse
Anne, for San Francisco; Fr bark Francolse
Ambnise. for. San .Francisco. '- . . .
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 6— Br ship Beechdale,
from Tp.coma: • ¦. - ; ¦ ;
HAMBURG— Arrived Aus 19— Br ship Colony,
from Portland. Or.
" SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Auk 2— Ger bark
Schwarzenbek. ; from . Cardiff. 5— Br bark Pass
of Melfort, from Hamburg.
• SUEZ— Arrived Aug 19-Br stmr Glenesk, fm
Tacoma.
BEACHY HEAD— Parsed Aug- 17— Br ship So
cotra, from Antwera for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aus C-Ger stmr Am
mon. for Hamburr.
« HONOKONG-Sailed Aug 14-Br stmr Tartar,
for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug 7— Br shin
Cleomene, for Portland, Or. 19 — Br bark Fife-
Shire, fcr Portland. Or.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Au& 17-Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Aug 19— Schr
Mahuknna, from Sydney.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Auet 20— Br stmr
Guatemala, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Aug 20at 6 p m— Stmr
Sierra, hence Aug 1.
NANAIMO— Arrived Aug 1!)— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port I/os Angeles. ¦ 20 — Br stmr Strath-
Cyle. from Portland.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Aug 20— Ger stmr Ser
apis, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
1 Stmr Portland, for St. Michael. 7— Stmr St.
Paul, for Nome. 9— Stmr Santa Ana, for Nome.
11-Stmr Arctic, for Nome. * ' .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 2fr-Bktn J M Grif
fiths, for Port Hadlock. •
SEATTLE— Arrived Auff 20— Stmr ' Farallon.
from ' Skaguay. - ' . ••..-.,
Sailed Aug 19— Ger stmr Neko, for San'Fran
cisco; stmr City of Seattle, for Skaguay. 20—
Jap Ptmr Idzumi Maru, for Yokohama. -
XEAH BAV— Passed Aus 20— Schr Winslow.'
from Tacoma for Mollemlo; bark Louisiana
from Pert Ludlow for Melbourne. ¦ - •¦¦
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed in Aug 20-Bhlp
Florfnce, from Honolulu; stmr Farallon. from
SkaEfcy.
Sailed outward Augr 20— Bark Louisiana, for
Melbourne: schr Winslow, for Mollendo.
BANDON— Sailed Axis 20-Schr Corinthian,
for San Francisco.
• EUREKA— Arrived Aug 20— Stmrs Pasadena
and Brunswick, from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 20— Schr John
A. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr City of To
peka. for Skaguay.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug 20— Bark Sea
Kin?, from Honolulu.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE
Sun, Moon and, Tide.
United States '• Coast and Geodetic- Survey —
Times and Heights of "High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco BaV. Published by official au
' thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of. tide is the same at both places.
Good resolutions come under the head of
self-binders.
Mrs. Charles Haydon of Metropole. 111.,
the only woman saved. Is badly bruised.
The whereabouts of Mr. Hogan. husband
of one of the women, and the three chil
dren drowned is unknown, j He is a travel
ing man from St. Louis. <
This afternoon the bodies of Miss Gra
ham and Mrs. "W. A. Hogan and Lucille,
her six-year-old daughter, were recovered.
The position of the limbs and the expres
sion on the face, as well as scratches and
bruises, indicated a fierce struggle when
the prisoners- were caught in the little
cabin like rats. The boat is being dis
mantled in order that the dead may be
reached. . .
Early this morning the work of search
ing for the remains began, the party be
ing led by Charles Graham, County Clerk,
and Luther Graham, his brother, whose
sister was 'among the dead. Three bodies
were recovered in the forenoon— those of
Miss Trixie Grimes. Miss Lucy Barnett
and Mrs. David Adams. Miss Barnett's
face was badly lacerated.
Frank Enders, one of the passengers,
corroborated by several others, declares
that the effort to land brought the side
of the boai around so that the wind
struck it with full force. There had been
almost a gale blowing for ten minutes
and one man who could not swim went
to, the pilot-house and begged the pilot to
land. When he did finally consent to land
the hurricane struck the boat as it swung
around in a position least able to resist it.
A. A. Peck, the pilot," says the engineer
deserted his post and that he could not
manage the boat with the engines help
less. The engineer denies this and asserts
that he remained at the throttle until the
water was waist deep.
The boat's register has not yet been re
covered, but it is certain the death list
will number seventeen and perhaps twen
ty-two. An official investigation will be
made, as it seems that the most culpable
carelessness caused the castastrophe.
PADUCAH, Ky., Aug. 20.— The horror of
the City of Golconda disaster at Cotton
wood bar, four miles above Paducah, last'
night Is just beginning to be fully com
prehended by the people of Paducah as
body after body is brought into the city.
Following is a revised list of the dead:
MISS MAY FLEMING, Blrdsville.
MISS LIZZIE GRAHAM, Grahamsvllle.
MISS LUCY BARNETT, Smithland.
MISS TR1XIE GRIMES. Grahamsvllle.
MRS. DAVID ADAMS, Smithland.
MRS. W. A. HOGAN and three children.
Ira, aged 10; "Wallace, aged 8, and Lucille,
aged 6, of Paducah.
WATTS DAVIS of Livingstone County.
CLARENCE SLAYDEN of Lola, Ky.
WALLACE BENNETT of Tolu. Ky.
D JACKSON, colored, Paducah.
WILL WOODS, colored. Golconda.
GEORGE WASHINGTON, colored, Gol
conda.
HORACE RONDOU. colored. Golconda.
GEORGE SANDBURG, colored Gol
conda.
Pilot Says Carelessness
Caused Steamboat
Disaster.
BLAMES WRECK
ON ENGINEER
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 21.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Aug B-Stmr
Portland, from .Vancouver. 6 — Stmr St. Paul,
hence July 29. 3 — Stmr Roanoke. from Seattle.
7— Stmr Santa Ana, from Seattle. 10— TJ. S S
Manning, from Puget Sound.; stmr Arctic, fm
¦\Vhatcom.
Sailed Aug 4— Etmr Roanoke, for Nome. 5—
Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Roanoke, for St. Michael,
NOME — Arrived Auk 7 — Stmr Roanoke, from
Seattle: stmr Elihu Thomson, from Seattle. 8 —
Stmrs Oregon and Valencia, from Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Xo date— 1 X 26 W, Fr bark Amiral de Cor
nulier, from Liverpool for Oregon.
Aujr V—Xi miles SE of Unamak Pass, schr
Compeer, from Port Clarence for Puget Sound.
Aus 12—53 N 160 W. etmr Senator, from Ssat
tle for Car>e Nome.
Aug 1° — 25 miles north of Dutch Harbor, stmr
Santa Ana, from Dutch Harbor for Nome.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS— August 20. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Tuesday. August 20.
Stmr Point Ar*na. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Btrnr Gipsy, Hinkle. Santa Cruz.
£tmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brideett. Ventura.
U S S Iowa, Terry. Panama.
Eark Palmyra, JCeller, Port Gamble, In tow
of tvz Defiance.
Tug Deflp.nce. Trewren, Port Gamble, with
bark Palmyra in tow.
Schr J G Wall. Anderson. Eureka.
SAILKD.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. Ausrust 20.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Oyster Harbcr;
n Duncmulr'n Sons Co.
Br stmr Milton, Rainey, Xanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Tuesday, August 2".
Stmr Luella, lladsen. 18 hours from Usal.
Fr bark Marechal de Villars, Rioual, 3S days
from Honekons.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Dunfermllne will load wheat here for
Europe at 37s 6<i, option of London 36s 9d; the
Pera. lumber at Blakeley for Hamburg, prior
to arrival: the Sea Kinp, lumber at Hadlock
for Sydney. 52s 6d. option of Melbourne or
Adelaide 60s. prior to arrival: the J. A. Briggs,
lumber and merchandise here for Melbourne or
Adelaide (lump sum).
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A. T. Watt, quarantine officer for Brit
ish Columbia, has notified the customs
authorities that all vessels bound for
British Columbian ports must call a-t Wil
liam Head for Inspection before entering.
The battleship Iowa sailed for Panama
yesterday. The officers and crew are
praying that their stay in Central Ameri
can waters may not be long.
The bark Palmyra sailed for Puget
Sound in tow of the tug Defiance yester
day.
The Pacific Steam- Navigation Com
pany's Guatemala and the Kosmos liner
Serapis both sailed from San Jose de
Guatemala for San Francisco yesterday.
The steamship Portland arrived at
Dutch Harbor on the 5th inst. and sailed
for Nome the same day. The St. Paul
arrived on toe Cth and sailed the 7th, the
Santa Ana on the 7th and sailed the 9th
and the Arctic on the 10th and sailed on
the 11th. The Roanoke and Elihu Thom
son.both arrived at Nome on the 7th inst.
and the Roanoke got away for Seattle
the same day. The Oregon and Valencia
arrived ?.t Nome on the Sth.
"Water Front Notes.
Three people were injured in a street
car collision on the water front yesterday.
The horse car tender of the Presidio ca
ble line left ihe ferries about 10 a. m. and
had the right of way to Jackson street.
The Mission-street electric line came down
Broadway and turning into East street
made for the ferries at a high rate of
Fpeed. As it reached Jackson street the
Presidio horse car was just swinging on
the curve. It did not pass quickly enough,
however, and the electric car struck the
rear end, smashing all the windows,
throwing the driver off the platform and
injuring two of the lady passengers. The
latter were cut by the flying glass, but
the driver. A. Michaels, was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where he was treated
for a contusion of the ; forehead and a
laceration of the right eye.
The Presidio car was No. IS and Mich
aels is the regular driver. The electric
car was No. 1170 and was running as an
extra in charre of an extra crew. The
men on the electric car assert that the
track was slippery and that the car
"Water Front Was the Scene of a
Smash-Up Yesterday.
STSEETCAES IN COLLISION.
THE French bark Marechal de Vil
lars arrived from Hongkong yes
terday in almost steamboat time.
She made the run in 38 days, a
record that has not been beaten
In ten years. Away back in 1890 the Amer
ican ship William H. Macy made the voy
asre in 24 days, and since then vessels of
every nationalitj* have tried at the record,
but the run of the Marechal de Villars is
the only one that comes near the mark.
Captain Francisco Hionel of the Mare
-~4"ral de Villars considers he has the fast
est vessel in port to-day and is willing: to
wager that he will lead the grain fleet
home. The bark is only three years old
and is now on her second voyage. On her
first run she went from Cardiff to Port
land and on the run back to Europe made
the voyage in 97 days. After discharging
she loaded again at Cardiff for Hongkong
ar.d after discharging there came to San
Francisco in ballast.
"We left Hongkong July 13 and for the
first two days had strong northeast
winds." said Captain Rionel yesterday.
"Then for four or five days we had fine
southwest winds and off the Japanese
coast we average 240 miles a day. When
we ran with the Japan current we had
ehangeabl* breezes and only logged 139
miles a day. We -went north on the Great
Circle and between 44 degrees and 47 de
grees north we had magnificent southerly
breezes that took us along at steamship
time. For several days 'we made fifteen
miles an hour, but a week ago the wind
died away and between August 12 and 14
we only made twelve knots a day. Then
a strong northeast wind blew and with
th? topgallant sails in and the mainsail
reefed we made 342 miles in twenty-four
hours. On the 19th inst.. at 7 a. m.. we
were off Point Arena and at 8 p. m. the
same day we passed Point Reyes. From
Point Reyes the pilot brought us into
port. The Marechal • de Villars is char
tered to load wheat for Europe and I ex
pect to make a record run home."
The bark Montebelle, now in port, and
La Bruyere and Marechal de Turenne.
due here any day. all fly the same flag
as the Marechal de Villars and all are
consigned to Roth. Blum & Co. This Is
Captain Rionels third visit to this coast.
He has a host of friends in the French
colony and among shipping men.
could not be controlled even with the use
of sand. - . -
FRENCH BARK MARECHAL DE VILLARS THAT COMPLETED THE RUN FROM HONGKONG TO SAN FRAN
CISCO IN 28 DAYS. ONLY ONCE HAS THAT RECORD BEEN BEATEN- AND THAT "WAS - TEN— YEARS
AGO, WHEfff THE AMERICAN SHIP WILLIAM H. MACY MADE IT IN 34 DAYS.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S." N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, , San '_ Francisco, Cal..
. August 20, J901. - ? . '¦ -...';
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. :e., at noon' of the 120th . meridian; or at 3
o'clock ¦ p. ¦ m., Greenwich • time. • ¦*. ¦ . '¦¦¦¦ . ¦¦ .
......... ,..., c. g. calkins; j?
Lieutenant Commander.- U. S. N..- In charge.'
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the "tides
the early morning, tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of , occurrence as to^Ume of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except, when there are but three
tides as sometimes. occurs.. . The heights given
are in. addition to. the soundings on the United
States Coast " Survey ; charts, , except •¦ when J a
minus (—) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. ' ;¦- The plane of reference Is
tho mean of the lower low water3.' . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
Ten Years Ago the William H. Macy Made the Voyage in 34 Days
and Nothing Has Since Touched That Record---The Villars' Run
of 38 Days Is the Next Best; and Is a Splendid Performance
FRENCH BARK MARECHAL DE VILLARS
MAKES QUICK TIME FROM HONGKONG
5
Steamer. ' From. • I Due.
'rom.
iue.
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 21
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 21
I>eelanaw N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko Tacoma Aur. 21
Buckingham... Nanalmo Aug. 21
Pnnta Rosa.... Fan Diego & Way Pts. Auk. 21
Tltanla. Nanalmo Aug. 22
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 23
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 23
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Port* Aug. 24
Ran Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 2~
Vurcka.. Humboldt Aug. 2H
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 25
nuatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 26
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 27
Marlposa Honolulu .' Aug. 18
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2i
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
J*ler.
Arcata
City Peking..
Kureka
Sonoma
Argyll... '•
Czarina..."....
Fan Pedro....
Umatllla.....
Aucrnst 21.
Coos Bay •
China & Japan....
AosriiKt 22.
Humboldt !
Sydney- & • Way Pts
Anprnitt 'Z'.l.
N. Y. via Panama.
Seattle & Tacoma.. |
Humboidt ..: I
Pupet Sound 'Portsl
Ancrnnt 2R.
Ran Die<?o & Way I
Humboldt
AiiKUBt 26.
Point Arena,,
AnRiint 27. ¦
S. Amer. & Europe
Pan Pedro & Way..
China & Japan
Anprnut 28.
Puftet Sound Ports.
I Panama & Way. . .
I
4 pm Pier 13
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 13
10 am Pier J
3 pm Pier 10
I....... Pier i
110 am Pier 2
111 amlPler i)
¦-¦¦ I ¦
I 9 am Pier 11
11:30 p Pier 9
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier u
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier 9
12. m PMSS
Santa Rosa..
Pomona
Point Arena..'
Neko
Bonita
Gaelic
OltyPuebla..
San Juan
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon....... Skaguay & Way Ports.lAug. 21
Queen Skatrucy & Way Ports.lAug. 23
Oregon Nome anil Teller IAuk. "4
Humboldt Pkaguay & Way Ports. Auk. U
Cottage City..'. Pkaguay & Way Ports. Auk. 23
Kxcelslor Cooks Inlot & Way Pts Aug. 25
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2<>
Roanoke Ncme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller......'.. Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. I Auk. 28
Dlrlgo... Skaguay &. Way Ports. | Aug. 2S
Sun rises'
Sun sets .
Moon sets
(first quarter) . . :......
........ :5:30
...:..,;. 6:65
10:43 a. ni.
: |Time|
Date •
.. IHW
21~!".. 5:00
22 ... 6:14
L W
23 ... 0:19
24 ... 1:12
25 ... 2:00
26... 2:44
. IIVWI
27... I 3:22|
Timel |Tlme| |
Ft. i 1 Ft. • ri Ft. i
L W ... H-R'l:,
~'z7s 9:38 2.5 4:18 B.I
3.6 10:31 2.9 5:02 .5.1
.II W L W
0 9 7:26 3.8 11:40 3.1
0.6 , 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2
0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0
0.0 9:i>n 4.6 ' 2:36 2.7
H-.Wl . ILW , I
|-fl.l| 10:271'. 4.91 3:22| 2.2!
Time |
'Ft. 1
L W " I
11:20 ~Ti
ii'Vv "'"
5:67 .6.1
.6:51 5.2
7:47 5.3
8:40 • 5.-1
!H ; W x
| 9:31 5.6
Steamer. ' From. • I Due.
'rom.
iue.
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 21
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 21
I>eelanaw N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko Tacoma Aur. 21
Buckingham... Nanalmo Aug. 21
Pnnta Rosa.... Fan Diego & Way Pts. Auk. 21
Tltanla. Nanalmo Aug. 22
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 23
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 23
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Port* Aug. 24
Ran Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 2~
Vurcka.. Humboldt Aug. 2H
Empire Coos Bay Aug. 25
nuatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 26
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 27
Marlposa Honolulu .' Aug. 18
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 2i
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
J*ler.
Arcata
City Peking..
Kureka
Sonoma
Argyll... '•
Czarina..."....
Fan Pedro....
Umatllla.....
Aucrnst 21.
Coos Bay •
China & Japan....
AosriiKt 22.
Humboldt !
Sydney- & • Way Pts
Anprnitt 'Z'.l.
N. Y. via Panama.
Seattle & Tacoma.. |
Humboidt ..: I
Pupet Sound 'Portsl
Ancrnnt 2R.
Ran Die<?o & Way I
Humboldt
AiiKUBt 26.
Point Arena,,
AnRiint 27. ¦
S. Amer. & Europe
Pan Pedro & Way..
China & Japan
Anprnut 28.
Puftet Sound Ports.
I Panama & Way. . .
I
4 pm Pier 13
1 pm PMSS
9 am Pier 13
10 am Pier J
3 pm Pier 10
I....... Pier i
110 am Pier 2
111 amlPler i)
¦-¦¦ I ¦
I 9 am Pier 11
11:30 p Pier 9
2 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier u
1 pm PMSS
11 am Pier 9
12. m PMSS
Santa Rosa..
Pomona
Point Arena..'
Neko
Bonita
Gaelic
OltyPuebla..
San Juan
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon....... Skaguay & Way Ports.lAug. 21
Queen Skatrucy & Way Ports.lAug. 23
Oregon Nome anil Teller IAuk. "4
Humboldt Pkaguay & Way Ports. Auk. U
Cottage City..'. Pkaguay & Way Ports. Auk. 23
Kxcelslor Cooks Inlot & Way Pts Aug. 25
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2<>
Roanoke Ncme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller......'.. Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. I Auk. 28
Dlrlgo... Skaguay &. Way Ports. | Aug. 2S
Sun rises'
Sun sets .
Moon sets
(first quarter) . . :......
........ :5:30
...:..,;. 6:65
10:43 a. ni.
: |Time|
Date •
.. IHW
21~!".. 5:00
22 ... 6:14
L W
23 ... 0:19
24 ... 1:12
25 ... 2:00
26... 2:44
. IIVWI
27... I 3:22|
Timel |Tlme| |
Ft. i 1 Ft. • ri Ft. i
L W ... H-R'l:,
~'z7s 9:38 2.5 4:18 B.I
3.6 10:31 2.9 5:02 .5.1
.II W L W
0 9 7:26 3.8 11:40 3.1
0.6 , 8:24 4.1 12:46 3.2
0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0
0.0 9:i>n 4.6 ' 2:36 2.7
H-.Wl . ILW , I
|-fl.l| 10:271'. 4.91 3:22| 2.2!
Time |
'Ft. 1
L W " I
11:20 ~Ti
ii'Vv "'"
5:67 .6.1
.6:51 5.2
7:47 5.3
8:40 • 5.-1
!H ; W x
| 9:31 5.6
IMEN 9 DO YOU? I
© J^45£\. y0J want to be strong? Doyoj ©
J3 M^§^ Want t0 feel the vim « the sna P an l O
O 4p%?3§wl fire of manly vjgror? Do you want ®
• courage, energy an d ambition to sup- g
• Xqj* P° rt y° u in yourcaresand troubles? Z
• m^BOar^^^ NJI'ISfH have devoted mv life to 2
® HHy y\V^|ffl t1ie development of manly 2
© $%£m L \ \ an( * womanly vigor. I've q
O i\ niade a great success. My $
¥» W^ —~r. /^?Mf^ib--- X methods are approved bv @
% W ~W / WImK^ \ thc - grcatCSt doctors and O
2 W **lt '''MMffiBb^** J "roved that electriclfv «6
£ 7 ./W *T 5s thf basl? of nil animal life ©
v / "£,<¦/ -,s?'£ffl'fi&S and that "weak mon." flvs- f>
O / J?$f "** ¦W%m&l> i ** e T ' neptics. rheumatics, suflforors S
S /" *?ck"l j ¦¥$$&$%¦%, ne ?' 8 - r>aipr - )n t he hack- head, dies* S
n. / Sffltir and Rhnuldprs r "m varicocele nvA ©
/ tiS^J^^^^V' 1 - Jt!! allied wpakn^pses. »tc are wp.ik O
® /s P SY/?/n « reFtorep this Jife in a few weeks •
/j^a "!• \ /'/// t and cures ever y time. —
i " I V #--J DR - MclAUGHLIN ' s I
| I ELECTRIC BELT. |
• S I>scrlbe your case to me. and If I say I can J
© A cure you I will guarantee to do so. *»
2 - - ", » Drufrs won't restore your strength. They only Q
jf irtlmulate. If you have to take a stimulant take whisky. Taken in moderation it^ f)
? does less harm than the others. q
r "Every slfcn of pain ond sickness has disappeared. I appreciate wh»t your £
? Belt has done for mo." writes d. Schwarz. ColerM&e. Trinitv County, Col. q
g I will gladly «end you my book on this subject. It has 82 pagres of meat to people gj
• who want more "fire." Sealed, free. -.. ¦*¦¦'¦. 2
2 HD R./5 A H/5^l kl\ri\\ IW 7 °2 Market St., cor. Kearny, S
% UK. M. A. McLAIIIjIILIIM, San Fraocis= 0 g
BAHWA7 TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
-Tralm immim «»«ti w* •••••> (•» a»rrl*« »•
man ricANCin<:«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stwtl)
H*w — From Jui.t 14. »0t, — iBMn
"iOOa Benlcla. ShIbuo. Umir» and 8mcr»-
. nieuto
7:00a V«c*till8, Wlattf, Rnms«y.: «:M»
¦ • t30 a Martinez. BauUaniou.VKllejo.Kapa, ' '
C»H»ti>cnaiiilH»iit» Rosa Ss23r
¦ :OOa DtTis. Wuudland. KulgUU Lundlng.
MmrjSTlllo. Orofllle T>S*>
' 8:90* A Mantle Kxpres*— Ogden and Eiat IZtSSp
- »:h«a Mies, Lathrop, atociton.... <t2)p
HiUOa Nile.. MeudoU. Hanford. Vlulla,
Fcitbrrille 4i5Sv
•»*»A Shasta Kxpreu— Davia, Williams (for *
> Bartlett BpriagB). Willow*. Ked
Bluff, Fortlaiui, 7>B3y
Kja*4 8au Jimii, IjTermore, Stockton,
lone. Haenmeuto, Plaoerillle,
MurTtTllIe. Cbieo. Ke<l Hlult 4>23p
¦tPOA Oakcl»Ir?, Chinese (Tosemita). Ho-
nor*. Carter* 4s23p
*:OOa Hay war il. Niln and *7ar Station*.. I IiS.Ia
»i«Oi Vallejo lsis2Sp
•(•Oa Los Angeles Expreai — Martluax.
Traey, Lathrop. rttookton. Merced
Krenno »nd I.os AcKales 7f39p
»¦»«» V»i|,-j«,. Martinez tint Way Station* 7i!»3r
¦ OiOOA The OTerland Limited— Ogdoo. Deo-
fer, Uiuaba. Chlcacn OiUSp
Tl:OOr 8Aorainn|it(i Itlf or 3ie»nieni. ........ 13tO»A ¦
«:3Or Haywar'l. Ml»saod Way Htatlom.. 7t33r
4>Ottr Itrnlct*. Winters. Maoramaiito, '
WtMMllaiid. Knight* J.auUiuc.
MHrygiillr. Ornfille.; i 1«:39a
4iflOp Martluex. Han lUinou. Vallejo,
Nap*. CallxtiiKA. H»nta Kona «iS3a
4iOOp Nllea, LWermore, Stockton. Lodl... ISiSSp
4iawp Hayward. Mle», Mail Jina, LlTrrmoro t8:AA«
«:anp l'ort Coe a. Tracy. Lalbrop. Stnckton lo«3.J*
StOttr Tlio Owl Uintted— Presuo, Xulara. - -
Bakenfleld. Hangne for Hanta Bar*
bara, l.o« Aufelei.. 8:3. Ji
•tOOp Martln'T, Antloch. Stociton. Mer-
' - ced. Fresno 12:2 Jp
B>o«p Tosemita lVt»3p
tiXOr Mew Orleans Kxpreu — Mendota,
Frecno. BakenBeid. Los Angeles,
l)r-raing. El 1'mo, New Orieius -
and East 7i3<!a
•toop Hay wax d. Nile* aod San Jo«e 7i.1.k»
ttiOttr Vullejo I Ii23t
•tOur Oriental Mall— Ogden. Cbeyenne.
Omaha, C"hlc»gn 12:2<'ir
•i««r Oriental Mail-Ogden, Denier.
fit Louis. Ohicngo «««.1f
litOr Orecon and California ICiprxmi.Hao.
raiiieutn, Maryatllle. ItvililiiiK,
I'ortlanit, Pnijet Hound ami Kasl SsSSa
M»r8n Pablo, Pork Costa, Martinet
and Wai btatlon* 11i2.1a
_t»lOSp Vallrjo 7iS*P
COAST LiINB ¦ (Narron Uaage).
*Y-'.f : ~. (Foo* of Market Streot.)
*t?>48A Santa Crux Excursion to riaotoCru "*
and Principal Way Sutions JS«o:Jr
• lift* Newark. CHtitnrtUle.rJau. lose, Felton.
Uoulder Oreek. Sa-il a Crux and Way
Htatious . ••a«*
tSllap Newark, Coiiterrlllr, Ban Jose, New
I AlnmtlAU, Felton, Moulder Oreek,
8auta Crui anil Vrinolnal Way
Sutlona.. I»ifli»A
4tl»p Newark, Han Jon*. J/nt Git tot ?«:••»!»».
«4ilttr Glen wood. Bonlder Creek. Santa Cms t »»»»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm Sil miCISCO— foot of kUrkit Strut (Slip I)—
17:16 9:00 11:00*. li. 1:03 3:00 8:15r.n.
frtai 01IURD— M*l *(Bf*»lwaj. — 1«:00 !B;00 13:0i
10:00 t.M. 13:00 8:00 i:39r.M.
COAST LING (Mroa.l flange).
. fliilrd »nd To«ngaml 3ts.)
Si ¦ a a 8am Jose and Way Htatlons....^.... o t ai>A
17:00a Man Jone and Way 8talloii»... liKUp
/7i«o* New Aluiaden. / «il»t
|7iVOa Sunday Excursion for Baa Jchl
Hants Cruz. P>dno Grova And . . ¦
rrindpal Way Buttons. J»ia»»
tiMl Niu 3mm. Holliitar. Hauta Crux,
- Pftcillo (iro*e, tiaJlnaa. San Lnls
Obiipo, Santa Barbara and Piin>
dpal lutarmadlate MUtlmia 7>Sl>»
ItiMli Ban Joae , n< j Way Statlona.. OiSBp
IIiHOa Man Jnw >ml Way Mtatlona »iUUf
t S >-*:>» gat. Mateo. ltedwoo<l, M»nlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Han .lone,
.HoUUter. Santa Crux. Salinu,
Monterey and PaelHa (iroTa 1I0i43a
tiWr 8»n .Jose. Tres Pioos, Banta Cms.
PadUo Gro»e and Way Stations 4>10p
f«il5p Ban Joie ami Principal Way Htatloni Vi-i*A
45:OOp8an .lo««. Lot Gatos and Principal
Way Stations tB:O»»
SiSOp nanJnw and Principal WayKtaMons »i3i!a
, ••OOP I»dwocd, flan Jos*. Gilrny. Salinas.
'Santa Barbara. Los A ogeles 10:0;J*
Rt3Or San Jose and Way ."Stations (*:«!»*
qll:4.1p San Joaeaml Way Stations 7t30r
A (or Morning. -' P f«r Afternoon,
t ftiiinlay excepted. * flnnday only. <i. '
"m Saturday only. t Mondiy.
. . • Saturday tni Sunday. /Tuetdtya and FrMiji
HORTH PACIHC COAST RAILROAD.
.. Via Sausallto F«rry. . »/,
1 ¦ Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.- . . "\
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30,-»3:30, 11:00 a. rn.',-
12:45. *1:43.'.3:1S. 4:15. .5:15. *6:15. 6:45p. m.'- I.- ":
-EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San-
Rafael on Mondays,' .Wedjieadays, Saturdays
and Sundays' at' 9:30-and .ll;40'"p: tn.' >¦ ¦• ; v f f
SUNDAYS— 7:00. ,8:00. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.V 12:43,' *l:30, ¦ 2:30. > *3:45.' 5:00. -«r00/ 7:30'
p. m. ll:00.a.',m.'. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.' -•• • ¦ ,..;:¦ • \* "• -. ¦ ,~
Trains marked. (?) run to San-Quentln.
FROM SAN; RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
WEEK"DATS-'5:E, 6:27, 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a m.. *12:25. l:ir».,2:20, *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. . ' ¦ ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45. »ll:00 a. m... »12
m.,, 1:00,- 2:15, *3:30, 4:30. 'o^, 6:43, 7:30, 10:10
P. m.
.Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-5:45. 6:45, 7:53, 8:55. lOSO
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •
. SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:03. 11:10 a. m. 12-15
1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m
; THROUGH TRAINS.- .,
. 6:55 a. ,m. .week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions."'
' 3:13 p. . m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way ; sta-
tions. . . , ~: '
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way ' stations.
.'8:00 a. m. . Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' •'"•.• •-¦;¦".¦¦ : . . '*'.•'"¦ ' -
- in a. m.. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. ...... ? r : -.- •¦¦¦' ¦• ' -• - .' \
JBAILWAY TRAVEL.
Going-East?
¦
Cheap Rates
via Santa Fe
The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates cf
sale are below. The other
details can be had of the
Santa Fe Agents.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
•- August 2O-21
BUFFALO, $87.00 j
August 22-23; September 5-6;
October 3-4
CLEVELAND, $82.50 \
September 5-6 -
The best service and the most
comfortable way is
Santa Fe
Ticket Office
641 MtRKET STREET
CiUFORBU HORTHWESTEBI El. (ML
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
TIburcn Ferry. Foot of Maricat Sfc
San Francisco to San Rafael. •
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:M.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
' ban Rtttuel to San Frnnctaco.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:w
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 31:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 8:25 p. m.
Leave I In KtTect I Arrlvo
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Franctaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I daya. | Days. - ¦
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am,
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
'7:30 am Windsor. ¦ 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:29 pra
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:30 pml »:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 ym\ 6:23 pm
7:30 am ¦ 10:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
»:30 pm 5:00 pm ' I 8:20 pra,
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm B:Q0pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlncs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for SkagRS Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnps. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakenort and Bartlett
Springs : nt Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoara
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lakp. Porao. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Ranhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr"8 Hot
Springs. Men^ocino Cltv. Fort Bragg. "West-
port. TTsal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummin*.
Hell's Springs. Harris. Olson's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcksts at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San RafaM at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
Building; _•:*•;¦.'.;•_. .-¦ .-; j-:'.;; 1 ;^-; ,..-¦•;¦¦ \f ,
. '» H. C rWHrVlNO. . .. i - ,- X.-RTAN, ! •
Gen. ' Manager. , ,-. ¦ Gen. Paas. ¦ Agt.' .
:•¦¦¦•• ¦'¦ ' "-"M?. ¦-•-••>-' ¦ •¦• ¦-.-..•• -,>:^
MOUNT TAMXlPAIS RAILWAY
"*^"" W *"'^~W» SaawUw rmj—tx* at lfsrkM St. '
MTV* •*" m»«. '* >mivc<» rnia.
%• w- ...-WEEK DAYS Jfffc!^
8:00 a. M.l . f 12:15 F.M.-
9mA. U. , .^ 1:15P.M.
U«) a. m; SUNDAYS 4d» r. * • .
130 P.M. ,.'.;, 5:50 ?.M.
2J&P. scj 1-7:10 P. M,;
fin. 8«s PrMrtiwte SinrmJt and Batora. $1.44 - ¦¦ . '
Ticket Office*. &n Martet St.. & Sanaalito FerTTr Y
§Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,-
62O SEABXT ST. Established.'*
in 1S54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo«t Manhood. : Debility or'
discast* ivearlDgon body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcores:wlient.
others fall. .Try him. (Charges low.",
(urn cnnrwtitf'ed. Call or writ*. -
Dr. JT. JF- •»wn"O3f. Baa Francisco. Cat ,; . - ,
in i i i i ?»i ni 1 liiilnli iiiUwmmM
THE EMPOBIUM. ¦¦—.--'- 0THE. EMFOBIITM. . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM.
% Little Doris, the remarkable HFSriH^^feS&li! l^JS $*O.OO Dictionary $5o23 %
Jf : 7-ycar-old Japanese chi'd, in her inimi'ab!e gi||" H IfliB if ffl| H M HHB^ The genuine Webster's Unabridged— the ?u- It
5 songs and dances, assisted by the Pickaninny S3 fi' thority on the English language Bound in fu'l '*
K Dancers. Free daily .p-rformances from II. f^^ 1 t¥^T'- r^i^T?* gfc **- "^ sheep, with patent thumb index. - The • regular fi'
If a. m. to 5 p.m. Attraction ;;HaIl f second floor. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE |io dictionary; On special sale now $5^25. %
I 25c Veilings 12c. 15c Tablets 8c. 4 Chimneys MB> Wash Materials %
K $?***. -Exact"/' 15CO We have secured 2000 more of those thick 25 Cm g-fi»« Sit Half Pf5**g» *
* Mhm!) yrJs (no more »S C Tablets, in note, packet and leather The celebrated Lion Brand of fire- Ss?S=S *M* HeMMf mCG* J
X III RWfflV and no le«sV 'of *'"** m «atia wove and Irish linen papers, s proof Chimneys for Welsbach " An average of half price on thes' seven lines of Jt
*» • jm-Jljn/^ltGS ™ , which will bs offered at special sa'.e —._ Burners, full 8 inchea tall, regu- han Isome and very desirable Wash Matrrial' «
I^^^^B wL?! o ' h -- BC |- PH« ice each; .peciJ . To-da y and untiUlosIn, time Sa £ u r da,: |
l^mWT^^ Pearl Buttons 1 — '"^ '***¦ |#P^SI
I yiMMSW- ' n> Pearl Buttons, Special Sale of y^^M^^^ \. 2 7c •;
S '»^SS^ f r "' en H pu , rple> 2 Dozen 9C. Rant iVto* Folio* nmwt ScotC u Zephyr Gin S hams a^ d Madr ?J - 3? \
I % *'^M Z wiU be tl Thr« ar, a good qua ityWht, Pearl Button, K^fftime t OtiOS || .nch.s wid c; our , 5 c goods; specia- thi,
| MJ^W fr'd af LcW hithneof the kt sizes-ac, zz and \\ On n Wednesday on y we shall ,dl , H w«k. yard..... .... ; 14o ; ;
5 I ' Je to dav oSv «"«5 rtl > » oc P« dozen in the rc S u ' ar ' B ™™ * f°i!r°' 1°"" 5 *™P VVhltz Fique-Fancy cros welt; our 20c kind; -J
* C* y^|V «rd w«y; weh»ve only I35gro« to fea«tthe taming a 3 copyrighted Marches, . special this week WC%
"I /T'Co^ 12G V bl P ricc t0 -**r> and thev wiU S° O^ Two-S-ep, and Cike Walks; Printed Dimi(ies-Ful range of styles fine "«
I ' y * ; T very rapidly at ccrdbf 2 dozen.... regularly 75c each, for...... f^U doth; 15c kind for Q O •
*f!- V, ¦-*"¦••'•¦«_ 09 ' ' *-a' ' ~ ~~ ~ — . Hne Unen Batiste— Plain and fancy open- *
M.V tnfaSn B33*aiaS . __ ¦ _ *s~r % m o *%— 9~ ¦ work i the 2 S= ™* 3;c'kiad8; special this S
I; ;, Halt Price. ¦•.'.;:¦- »• -m—M*U * Co.'s |
I pil^^^^iM CBothing for Men & Boys e^sai^SjgSi^a$fi 1
J OnV-half the r r«u.ar pnees; even '-if- .- Z9 ,..•;- ; ¦,,.•-,. ¦ «^ rtead o f Il^c * yard, jp-cial tbh wesk.7© 5
g jou d* not need them for irnmfdiate us.it gm mm _ 4&1 fifi • Imported W 2 sh Foulards and Challhj that J
g w ,lpay you well to take advantage of this g) £ g* Qffl SWSC mbimUHJa . -^ were = 5 c to 4 =c a yard; light and ,,rk 5
?« offcr - - ' -¦¦ .' . ¦-¦.-.¦ , ,••. . ¦ ':. .... ' ---' •'-•• .-¦:.¦•.---¦ *¦--» ¦ €rtt> co'.orsj special this week.. ... ; . 17o —
i-'^ ., - -••-¦¦^•:. Jen-Dollar Suits for $4.35-M<*'* $7-5° ¦%& 5
j' GUSfttpJt JOPS uBCm -and $ i oioo Suts, made of excellent cheviots -.and. cassi- V ] '*£ : Sale OfBaCOtt, **
K On: o: tie be t spick's t'.iat the Dripery De- ' - : mere, in nobby mixtures or in plain blues-and b'ack; now :^d$&%?i!>^ /^f S+wt&K* C^%^»m, «C"V ""«
K. P :rm:nt hai offered \ fcr months— looo ¦' . ' \>\ '. ¦ ¦ : .- - - • : > .. ..&& 35 ****VeS, «j GBp P A.'Ct
j£ Fancy Cush : on Tops, 24 inchts; square j 10 BaOOn— Best Eastern Sugar Curerfrthat .<
5| different S uj : cu::. ' ' Flf teOn-Dolfar SutfS ¦ for $8.95-Styh,h worsteds, ">jP;U! irA wouMbevery-cheapatigclb; *a%^ {K
g- In ian Chief ; ' ' Sh-pherJess 1 b'ue and b aqk jerg-s, all-wool tweeds and ch-.viots, _ f&mr$\ USm ! F« ;^ -Wednesday onv B&G "m
I p : i ::. fc : tic i^^r^-^m^jL^y . , Y\P I
r» • _¦ boys 10 to 10 \eirs, male or all-woil chev.o:- and cas- -, '_ -» _, flj ' n . n,. ."".'", ***' '2
£ « - m «» '¦'¦ m \* s^rncres in Hue and fan y matures; durbg.h- Sf .ale..'.-'S4 r -S5 \ &P* Olives— Imtead of * 5 c per enart; fonJay * .
K SpSSial *a/e OF Boys' S3.QO Suits for $/.3S— Doub'e-breasted t'oats , f 1 !! minV * V '" Tn ' V \ m •, \r . 2O ° .«
K •¦'••¦ UtotSstBr AlhiM* P ¦ 'and knte pants for bovs 8 to 15 years, in new grays, greens and ca-k .' | . i U»coa— Royal Dutch; the lar-e 5-lb. tiiu r: ? - #
g - KOaaSf AinJim ' . ftjti^'&itf^&WM^^ ¦' \\ UarI^ 00 cach i •**" Wednesday onlv .«
5 The50c<«Photog$"-For 3^x3^ inch p'ct- , ; .. : ..;-...:..;.. &Tm98 ¦ "' « t I' V," 1 V V $3-VO '2
»t , ure: special Wednesday onli— each.;. f5o Boys' $4 OO SC*OOl Suits fOf $2 ,48-A\-<«oo\ '• } ]}¦ jh $ Sand Soap— To-daj -, 8 ban ...25C v %
!» Burnt Lea her Stamo Album— Regularlv 35c; cheviots and cassimeres in new faH'ratterns; we.'l-cut, stylish coujle- 'Ml OMTffOr Wlf©«— Angelica, Toka» and .J
|, onsp.ialsa-e.Wednesoayonly 2 JO , pants; size, 8 »?i^&£g^%% W^M- *'*$& \
7» Gil «c n Adj-jstable Album— Ft r all . slz- pet- • • m*^m-w«» o^ Wilson R\rn WMcfroii' * Vn's^T of —
% ur- S ; oV Wednesday only- Hal f Off Boys' $6*00 SultS for $3.«-Tl:«e-p!ece knee pants Suits, «U-wool cheviot, \ "fS'SSf JpSlSS^ Si» X
J regul-r pr/CSS. J >"d cassim. «-, and newTaU patterns; sty.hh, double-brea.t.-d vest,; r» U Johannjj Water _' Th F ; s fins
J.WardPlain.L^A!b.rn,-On r special f a!e Joys ,0 y«rs; dunng th.ssae. . .... . ./^ Water; reguary aoc per Jtte, on %
jf . Wednrsdiy enly — Half Oft t*0gu- MOft S PantS — A 1 wool, £3. 00 vjlue; during th s sale S1-71 sale to-day on y- per dozen «l 3 e or '«
a . ian pr.'CBS.' Men's Pants— $5°° wonted Pants; dwing this sale $2.55 2 bottles for "25o *
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Fine Vclovr Bed Lovnge,
with box and steel tem-
pered springs. $12.50
Get an estimate from us on
everything required to ! furnish
your entire ' establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo : miles. ¦ » : •
- We close at 6 except on Sat-
urdays and days before holi-
days. On those days at 10
o'clock.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO,,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
jwy." '. ( . \ •• -~
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
tfils mine we will sell treasury stock for OOc
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. *tock Is all sold and
issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
. . H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7 North Market st,. San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny st.. San Francisco.
. F. DE FREITAS, Agent.
DR.MEYERS&CO. jggfi^
Specialist. Disease JEfrjjjffi^ 1R
and weakness of QRgpSj/ f
men.' Established 8ra^ v«
1SS1. Consultation f(\5 / 5c"i58 > 'v2?
and private book SLS«L A
free, 'at office or by ¦ • *Wg«u- '^SSv
mail. Cures guar- • M*3&£55<gE3& £
anteed. 7J11 Mar- Jn^S^^^I '
ket street (cleva-
tor entrance), San
($ fl
n b rr n nn > t . Corner rounh and
PR ft DflYA Brl^
llHl L nU I HL f- m ove?c rt oa^rni
' r ¦' vnll9*« checkeil frc*
RAILWAY TBAVEIi;
Santa Fe Trains
Leave' Market-street Ferry Depot.
~" ~~ Eocal Lim'a Ovrl"rt Local
' Dally .' • Dally Daily
.Lv Pan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Ptockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
¦•' Merced;.. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
: " Fresno .. 2:05 p Z:3ip 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0fi a
••Vlsalla:.. 3:40 p :....... 4:48 a ........
" Bkrafleld. 6:15 p B:20 p 7-SO a ........
•• Kan City .......: 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
¦V dilcaro- ....•¦¦'¦¦ 2:1.1 p 9:00 p ,
(i for morning.' p' for afternoon. .
•¦¦: •fl:00 a- m. train- Is the California Llm-j
Jted ¦ lea'vlnB Monday and Thursday only. -
carrying Palace SWplng Cars and DInin*
Cars through . to Chicaieo. Chair . Car runs
to Eakersfleld for. accommodation of local
first-class . passengeM. . No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
-inp train arrives at 6:55. p.. m. Tuesday and
Friday.*
• 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fr»«no local,
rorrespondlng train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
: dally. .. ¦. ¦ -: ¦ ¦.-¦. ¦•¦¦¦•.¦: •¦-
'.'8:00 rC-m. 1« the Ovrland Express, with
through ¦• Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining. Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
. Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. ¦
daily. ' . ¦ • '- - ¦'•¦ ' *'¦¦ -' • ¦- :¦ :¦'¦
• 7:20 a.'m Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
. all points ln> San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
epondln* train arrives at 8:40 a., m. dally.'. .
• ¦ Offlcei^-Ml Market ftreet . and • In : F»rry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-. CORONADO TENT CITY. . Coronado Beach.
Cal.. '.will ' be : the popular ¦ summer * resort : this
season.* . It became : famous last . year for • com-,
fort, entertainment : and > health. ¦ Its - splendid
cafe. teas a wonder, the fishing ¦ unexecelled.
A report from Europe announces gold discoveries
in Palestine, so it would seem the scheme to promote
emigration to. that country must be in the hands of
men who understand how to advertise.
There is something of a flutter among the women
of the- East over a report that earrings -are coming
into fashion again, -but the men are praying it may
prove to be a false alarnC ; ." .
Strawberry festivals .are , the \ popular
form of church entertainment at present.
Are You "Of tha Old "World"?
Everything pertaining to the New 'World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and. the best way to
get to Buffalo la by the comfortable train*
of ths Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 33c to $1 each. * Boc-fc
free, showing pictures of exposition bulldlns,X
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAT Ww
ADAMS. P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker buildta*.
San Francisco. Cal.
POPULATION-C. H. R., Vallejo Cal.
Thf population of California, according to
the census of 1900, is 1.208,120. The same
authority sets down the foreign born pop
ulation at 316.505. The population of San
Francisco is given 342.7S2. The division of
the population by races and nationalities
has not yet been given out, but thus far
the figures show colored population In
San Franci3co, including negroes, Chinese
and Japanese, 17.404. The Chinese arid
Japanese together number 16,750.
In India if you see a quantity of strings
tied from side to side of the street, with
three-cornered pieces of paper fastened to
them, you may know that a birthday la
being celebrated in one of the houses.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Slain 1042. •
A patent has just been granted for a
"visible projectile," which is intended to
be seen during the course of 'its trajec
tory by a smoky streak in the daytime or
by, a luminous streak .at night. This 'is
accomplished by coating the . bullet or
shell with a substance which is ignited by
the gunpowder of the charge.
with a thin coat- of this substance the
shell will give off a visible vapor in the
daytime , and at night will produce dur
ing its passage a bright trail enabling the
gunner to see whether he is shooting cor
rectly. ,
Cal. glace • fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
FROGS— T. M. H., Vallejo, Cal. In the
United States the bullfrog Is cultivated
for food. In Europe the kind cultivated
is the common green frog. - There the
frogs are caught in great numbers in nets
and placed In large Inclosed ponds called
froggeries, where the little animals are
fed until wanted for the table. The prin
cipal food of the frogs is insects, but
when In froggeries they are also fed with
bread crumbs and chopped meat. The
flesh of the frog is best in the fall. «
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
VISIBLE SHOT.
AUTOGRAPH COPY-H. R. H., Lath
rop. Cal. By "Autograph copy of a book"
you probably mean "author's copy." It
is the rule generally for the author of a
book to have a number of copies printed
on better papar. and bound, better than
the general edition to be used by him for
special purposes. These ho generally sends
out with his signature on the first page.
These are called author's copies. They
may also.be termed autograph- copy, as
each bears the autograph of the author.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The following
Californians are in New York-: From San.
Francisco— F. Beardsley, Mrs. M. Beards
ley, at Cosmopolitan; B. W. Burridge, at
Grand Union; F.'R. Denman, at Hoffman;
G. A. Foster, at Netherland; S. Living
ston, at Cadillac; W. B. Peck, at Man
hattan; I. G. Gresing. at Holland; W. P.
Shaw, at Park Avenue; P. L. Walsh and
wife, at Murray. Hill; D. C. Adams, Miss
A. Tietjen, at Herald Square; G. H. Rob
inson, at Albert.' '-"\.
> From Los Angeles— H.C. Acker!ey. at
Holland;- F. N. Sgear, C. M. Staube and
wife, at Grand Union.
COUNTY LICENSE— M., Sonora. Cal.
The license case to which you refer in
your letter of 'nquiry was reported in The
Call of July 12, 1901." It is the case of a
saloon-keeper In Los Angeles on habeas
corpus. He refused to pay the county li
cense because he had already paid muni
cipal license. Chief Justice Beatty held
that under the law passed by the last
Legislature the counties cannot collect a
license on liquor business for which muni
cipal .license has been paid.
THE COMPASS— M. H. F.. Alameda,
Cal. The needle of the compass'does not
point directly to the north. The north
magnetic pole does not coincide with the
north pole. East or west of a zigzag line
which moves east and west the needle of
the compass points west or east of the
north magnetic pole. A compass has to
be corrected and the variations deter
mined at least twice a year.
THE BOSTON PARTY— A. S., City.
The Boston Party, which included the
Bo3ton Board of Trade, arrived in San
Francisco June 1. 1870, in a special train,
coming into the city by way of the San
Jose track, then laid on Market street.
The train, which stopped in front of the
Grand Hotel, landed its passengers in the
presence of more than 5000 people at half
past 12 o'clock in the morning.
SLEEP— Mother, City. Medical authori
ties say that babes require from sixteen
to eighteen hours' sleep out of the twenty
four in a day; children of 12 and young
people> eight hours. As age increases the
number of hours required decreases and
after the age of 60 six hours of sound
sleep suffice to maintain health.
AMERICAN FREE SCHOOLS— J. H.,
City. The first record of free schools in
America is the passage of a law in Mas
sachusetts in 1649 requiring every town
ship to maintain a free school and every
town of 100 families to maintain a gram
mar school "to fit youth for the univer
sity." _^ -
RAILWAY MILEAGE— Enq.. City. On
the 30th of June. 1S99, the railway mileage
of the United States was, according to of
ficial figures. 188,277.43, and to this is added
the unofficial figures, 1,017.17, making a
grand total of 1S9.294.66.
VIOLIN MAKING— "W. T. T>., Vallejo.
Cal; Books that treat on the art of mak
ing violins are: "Hart's Violin," '.'Allen's
Violin Making" and "The Violin," by
Manuel de Lauthler.
. F. 0. Hlhn; the Santa Cruz banker, Is a
guest at the Grand.
W. H. Clary, a Stockton mine owner,
is a guest at the Lick.
Thomas Whitto, a wealthy mining man
of Sonora. is at the Lick.
¦ W. H. Devlin, an attorney and politician
of Sacramento, Is at the Lick.
John Morgan, a prominent business man
of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
H. E. Adams, manager of the gas com
pany of Stockton, is at the Grand.
H. C. Woodrow, a mining man of
Shasta, is a guest. at the Occidental.
A. G. Glenn, a millionaire rancher of
Willows, is a guest at the Occidental.
. Dr. McCollum, one of Sacramento's
leading medical men, is registered at the
Grand.
W. Fraser, a traveler from London,
England, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
G. R. Walker, son of the Salt Lake City
banker, is among the late arrivals at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mr3. E. C. Harlan have come
up from their home in San Ramon and
are at the Lick.
C. A. Harrison, a hotel man of Helena,
Mont., is at the Palace .while on a short
pleasure trip to this city.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Peasley, well
known society people of Portland,' Oregon,
are registered at the California.
James Lewis, a capitalist of Phila
delphia, is at the Palace accompanied by
his wife and Their two daughters.
James Kelly, an Alaskan pioneer, who
first went to the Territory in the early
sixties, is a guest at the Windsor.
Joseph Underwood, a Chicago capitalist,
who is largely interested in California
mining properties, is among the arrivals
of last night at the Palace.
Joe Fontaine, the affable chief clerk of
the Grand, has gone off on a, week's vaca
tion. He is accompanied -\by " his wife.
They will spend their outing among the
redwoods of the Santa Cruz mountains.
Emmerson Warfield, son of the pro
prietor of the California" Hotel, returned
yesterday from the, Yosemite. He has
been away several months in company
with Dr. J. TV. Hudson of the Chicago
Field Museum.
PERSONAL MENTION.
-r—» REDERIC W. HOLLS, one of the representa
rH tives of the United States on the Hague Court
A of Arbitration, is reported to have stated re
cently that the outlook for prolonged peace among
the great nations is excellent, and that the powers
are gradually coming to recognize the possible use
fulness of the tribunal which the famous peace con
ference established to arbitrate disputes that might
otherwise lead to war.
It is gratifying to have this announcement. There
was danger th*at so far from recognizing the useful
ness of the High -Court of Nations the world might
forget it altogether, and not even know it by name.
It is a common belief among Americans that an in
stitution which does no work soon falls into decay
and is brushed aside as so much rubbish. Mr. Holls,
however, is of the opinion that The Hague court
is an exception to that rule, if it be a rule. He is
quoted as saying virtually that it matters not that the
court has had little or no business to attend to; the
essential point is that it is organized, open and 'ready
for business as soon as any business comes along.
That of course is a pleasant view to take of it,
but we fear the powers are not recognizing the pos
sible utility of the court as fully as Mr. Holls
imagines. There is a great deal of bad busi
ness now going on in the world which might be con
verted into good business by the. court if only its pos
sibilities could obtain just recognition from the
powers that created it For example, there is the
Chinese indemnity question that might afford a great
deal of genuine work on the part of the tribunal were
it submitted to that body with power to act.
Of course the possible utility of the tribunal is in
disputable. Had the British Government, for ex
ample, submitted the South African dispute to ar
bitration B-itain would have emerged from it without
loss and with an honorable name. By refusing to do
so she has involved herself in a struggle which has
cost her many thousands of brave men and an ex
penditure of money which will be a debt and a bur
den upon her people for many a year to come.
It k of course possible that other great powers
may profit by the warning of the British experience
in South Africa, but it is not at all probable that they
will. Russia will not submit the Manchurian question
to arbitration, nor would any other great power un
der similar circumstances be more respectful to the
High Court at The Hague. It will have recognition
as an ornamental institution bestowed upon the world
by the Czar of Russia, and wijl be treated with the
deference due to its august origin, but as for giving
it any important work to do, that is another thing.
The one ray of hope that illumines the court is that
it may get at least enough work to do to show its
possible utility. Wars have now become too costly
for human endurance. The burdens put upon the
nations of Europe to maintain their armaments even
upon a peace footing are about as heavy as the tax
payers can endure. That they would gladly support
the principle and the practice of international arbi
tration if an appeal could be taken to their sober
judgment is beyond dispute. It happens, however,
that such appeals have to be made when a nation
is bent on war and glory, and with the jingo spirit
aroused there is no use talking of peaceful solutions.
The Hague court will be a long time waiting for big
business.
BRITISH military authorities have an army
canteen problem' ; u'nder discussion which,
while radically different from our own, is none
the less interesting and may be instructive. It is not
with them a question whether the canteen shall con
tinue, but one of ways and means of conducting it in
such a way as to prove most beneficial to the indi
vidual soldier and to the army at large.
It appears from the London Chronicle that in the
past there have been grave abuses resulting from the
peculiar manner in which the military canteens have
been conducted. In a recent review of the subject
it says: "As is perfectly well known, they have
hitherto been liable to serious abuses. The British
soldier has been robbed that contractors may make
fortunes, and non-commissioned officers pocket
bribes "in the shape of presents, secret rebates, dis
counts and other unfair forms of profit. Temptations
are continually offered by large firms to canteen stew
ards, and there is no code of honor strong enough to
keep the stewards from yielding. In very many, if
not in most cases, they become accomplices with the
contractors in taking money o'ut of. their comrades'
pockets." : »¦•'•.
No such complaint -as that Was ever made of the
American canteen system even by its most irrespon
sible opponent, and it will be surprising to many
Americans to learn that abuses of that kind could
have existed even under the British service. Some
thing like ten years ago Major Lionel Fortescue, who
was recently, killed in South Africa, took the man
agement of the canteen of his regiment into his. own
hands, and within a year eradicated the old abuses
and established a model upon which reforms are now
being undertaken throughout the army.
In describing the plan of the proposed reform the
Chronicle says: "On the strength of his success
Major Fortescue assisted Major Crauford, late of the
Grenadier Guards, to establish the Canteen and Mess
Co-operative Society, which first began its work at
Caterham. The War Oflice has discouraged . the
society as it discourages everything new and most
things that can be of advantage to the soldier. But
in spite of that the society'has developed rapidly, and
in the first four years of^its. existence its turnover
grew to £150,000. Shareholders are rfot allowed to
hold more than £200 s piece, and their interest is lim
ited to a maximum of 5 per cent. It is hoped to abol
ish private shareholders altogether and to make the
regimental institutes the members, so that the society
might become the sole property of .those institutes,
the profits being shared entirely among the con
sumers." . ,
This plan of turning. the canteen 'into a co
operative association. is in line with the present co
operative tendencies which, are so marked among all
classes of the British people. The Chronicle claims
it would be of enormous advantage not only to the
soldier but to the country, if all, the canteens in the
army were managed on these co-operative and'profit
sharing principles, under the direction of a central
committee composed of officers who have an interest
in the welfare of the soldier.
It will . be seen that with the British there is no
thought of abolishing the canteen. The authorities
seem to be 'agreed, that even with all the old abuses
it is better to have the army canteen than to leave
the soldier to the enticements of the outside grog
shops ¦ ..'*.' - ¦ ; • :
READY FOR BUSINESS.
BRITISH ARMY CANTEENS.
JACKPOT-C. P., City. If a player
opens a jackpot and none of the other
players stay he Is required to show more
than the openers; he must show the whole
hand.
LICK HOUSE FIRE-A. P. S., City. It
was on the 22d of July, 1877, that a fire
destroyed the dining room of the Lick
House, in San Francisco.
SCULLING— Outrigger, City. For books
on single sculling you should apply to
dealers in sporting goods or to a flrst
class bookseller.
"Pat," said a manager to one of his
workmen, "you must be an early riser. I
always find you at work the first thins In
the morning."
"Indade, and Oi am, sor. It's a family
trait, Oi'm thinking."
"Then your father was an early riser,
too?"
"Me father, is it? He rolses that early
that if he went to bed a little later he'd
meet himself getting up in the morning."
— Montreal Star. -
"Yes, I'm pretty well fixed," remarked
the Western millionaire. "I began life a
barefoot boy and- "
"Of course, bu» is that unusual out your
way?"
"Well, yes; I'm rather an exception."
"Well, well! I know it's quite common
in the West for one to die with his boots
on, but I didn't know you folks were born
that way, too."— Philadelphia Press.
"You owe this country nearly every
thing you possess in literature," remarked
the Englishman.
"Yes," answered the American business
man. "But by the time -our capitalists
get through you may owe us enough for
locomotives and other things to more
than offset the account." — Washington
Star. % } \"
"I understand." said the tenderfoot,
"that your jury found the offender guilty
of murder in the second decree. 1 didn't
know you fellows made any distinction
between first and second degree mur
derers."
"Sartinly," answered Alkali Ike, "w^.
makes this distinction. "When a man's'
found guilty in the first degree we hangi
him to the highest limb and shoots him
full of holes, an' wh'eii a man's four.«2
guilty in the second degree we hang3 him
to the lowest limb an' don't do no shoot
in'."—Indianapolis Sur.
Church— I understand the Jury stood
eleven to one in favor of acquittal at first?
Gotham— That's right; we did.
"Well, how in the world did the eleven*
ever come around to think as the one
man?"
"Well, you see, the fellow who wa3
alone for conviction knew the prisoner
pretty well, and he told us that the fel
low had a lot of interesting children, and
he was forever telling storle3 about their
marvelous sayings, so we thought it
wouldn't hurt to lock him up for a few
weeks."— Yonkera Statesman. '
Mr. Jones came home at an unseemly
hour the other night, and was surprised
to see Mrs. Jones sitting up for him be
low stairs, with no other light than that
of the gas lamp, which faced the door, to
keep her company.
"M-M-Marie," he said, huskily, "y-you
shouldn't sit up s' late when I'm out on
business."
As Mrs. Jones did not answer him he
continued in an alarmed voice; "Shorrjy 4
m'dear. but It's last time— tell you I'urv
sorry— won't shpeak to me?"
At .this moment Mrs. Jones called from
above stairs: "Mr. Jones, who are you
talking to at this hour of the night?"
"Thash what I'd like to know m-m-my
self," stammered Jones.
Mrs. Jones hastened downstairs, lamp
In hand. When she saw the situation sho
laughed, in spite of being very angry.
"It's the model," she said — "the model I
bought to-day to fit my dresses on."
"Yes. thash so," said Jones, tlpsily;
"model woman— didn't talk back— maka
some fellow good wife."— Tit-Bits.
Office of' the Naval Officer of Customs,
Port of San Francisco, Aug. 20, 1901.
Editor San Francisco Call: The Exami
ner in an attack upon Hon. "Will S. Gresn
accuses him of running with me.
I hardly know which gives me the great
er pleasure— the friendship of Will Green
or the enmity of Billy Hearst.'
JOHN P. IRISH.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PILL FOR EXAMINER.
MUCH anxiety has been caused In London by the discov
ery that the foundations of St. Paul's Cathedral are
. sinking and that the great structure has been cracked
In many places. Somers Clarke, the architect, who has
charge of St. Paul's, in discussing the matter recently,
said: "The immense weight resting upon the eight piers uphold
ing the dome has caused the foundations under the dome to
settle more than elsewhere. The settlement thus caused has
broken the eight arches and the windows of the clerestory over
them in the nave of the choir and the north and south transepts
where they abut on the dome piers In the same way.
. "The very great weight of the western towers has caused
them to sink, and in sinking they have cracked the ¦west front !
vertically thrqugh the great door, the window above and the
vaulted ceiling of the portico. They have also cracked the wall
of the chapel to the east." :¦¦¦•¦':
After mentioning the unequal distribution of weight as a.
cause of the settlement, Mr. Clarke expressed the opinion that
the two underground railways and the large sewers have af
fected the foundations. He laid particular stress upon the
vibrations resulting from the passing trains. - ij
THE DISCOVERT HAS RECENTLY BEEN MADE THAT THE FOUNDATIONS OF THE CATHEDRAL ARE SINK
ING. THE ARCHITECT IN CHARGE OF THE HISTORIC FANE EXPRESSES THE BELIEF THAT THE UN
" DERGROUND RAILWAYS HAVE AFFECTED THEM.
WEDNESDAY. ..AUGUST 2i,;i90i
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. %
Address ill CoamcaicatUns ta W. S. LEASE, Xtugtr.
HASTAGGR'S OFFICE. Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITOIHAI, ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTCnson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
.Single Copied, 5 Cental.
Terms by Mail, Ir.plndlcc l'ostUBTet
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL — Br Single Month..... 65c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL Ono Year 100
AH postmasters are authorized to receive
";:'..". ' subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall cubscrtbers In ordering: change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order,
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Yaniger Foreign Afrerticing, Kirgcetta Building. Chieitp.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
31 OH TO X E. CRAM2, Correspondent.
BRO'CH OFFICES S27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until- 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock., 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larjcin. open until
S:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock.. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. IC6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
5C0O Fillmore. open until 9. a. m.
A N observant student of affairs in England has
ZA recently written for the New York Post a re
¦*¦ *¦ view of the changes that have been brought
about in that country during the last forty years.
Many of these changes he attributes to the presence
and influence of Americans, whose numbers in Eng
land are rapidly increasing.
In some respects the writer resents the intrusion
of the American, whose desire for sightseeing has
set a fashion among the British themselves, so that
now all the lovely spots in the island are overrun.
He says: "The famous seat of the 'lake poets/ Cum
berland and Westmoreland, is so overcrowded with
tourists that the road through the mountains seems
to be leading to a 'fair; the small steamers on'the
lakes are^ crowded to their utmost capacity. *. Un-'
happy is the place which has some touch of Ameri
canism in its history. The railroads dump on it
thousands of our countrymen, who poke their noses
everywhere, cut chips off every wooden memorial,
apply, the hammer- to every- stone one, and almost
compel the inhabitants to move out." '' . '"•"¦
The rush of sightseeing Americans, however, has
not been without its good results. The demand for
accommodations suitable to American desires has led
to an immense improvement in railway carriages and
hotels. The writer says: "The old cabined, cribbed,
confined tavern, consisting of a private house fitted
up as an inn, has almost disappeared, and new hotels
on 'the American plan' are springingup everywhere."
Social changes have followed the inroad of Ameri
cans with their ideas of equality, but the British pub
lic is still a long way short of the American level.
In fact, the writer thinks that a good many American
millionaires and other dignitaries go to England
solely to enjoy the deference with which they are re
ceived. He says: "It is well known what small
force titles h&ye in America, how little account Amer
icans make of Judges, Archdeacons and Bishops. In
England these are all great personages, and I have
heard an American Bishop give \ most impressive
account of a sensation he made at Westminster Hall
by driving up in an English Bishop's carriage. So,
in like manner, the millionaire, who -receives 7 but
small honor in the United States, if, indeed, he is not
looked on with suspicion, becomes a stupendous
character 'when he lands in Liverpool or Southamp
ton. The American who in any profession enjoys
ever so slight" a distinction at home has little idea
what a great man he is until he' comes to England."
Doubtless it is that deference to rank and wealth
on the part of the British public which induces a
good many Americans to take up their homes there.
Such people 'are no great loss to us and they seem
to be a good deal of benefit to England. They im
prove her hotels and railways and give her a livelier*
movement in the way of right progress. They there
fore serve a better purpose there than they could do
at home, so after all the American in England may
be the right sort of man in the right place.
AMERICANS IN ENGLAND.
WISDOM has seemed to dictate, up to this
time, that the press should avoid discussion
of the many, intricate issues that are in
volved in the destructive strike that is inflicting in
jury upon this city and State.
This attitude is no longer possible on account of
the incendiary course adopted by the Examiner. Not
warned by experience, it is repeating the inflamma
tory tactics which it adopted in the railroad strike
of 1894, by which it led a large number of men into
serious trouble. and caused to them and their fami
lies prolonged distress.
; In such a situation as now exists in this city it is
not wise to heat the temper of either side of the con
troversy, for, when heated, things are said and done
which make the contestants more irreconcilable. As
its excuse for casting off all reserve the Examiner
invented a lie about Mr. Frank Symmes, which was
proved a lie by its own witnesses, but served as a
pretext for its subsequent course. It has daily pub
lished personal attacks upon the owner of The Call,
with the transparent* motive of benefiting its own
subscription list, at the expense of ours. For that
the owner of The Call cares nothing. He is no
stranger to personal attacks and supports them with
philosophy, especially when made by Mr. Hearst,
whose sole relation to the industries and the morals
of California has been the vicious injury of the one
and the debauchery of the other.
The owner of The Call, individually and in his
connection with many industrial and business enter
prises, is a' large employer of labor. The thousands
of wage-workers who have worked for him are under
no restraint that prevents them making any. statement
they choose about his relations or the fairness of his
conduct toward them. With this let the^personal
phase be, for the present, dismissed, while we ex
amine the advice given by the Examiner and those
who hold, with it to the wage-earners who are idle
while there is work for them all to do if they will.
Over and over again,., as the basis of its argument,
the statement is made that labor has the same right
as capital to combine, and the labor union is in
sisted upon as the analogue of the corporation. We
grant both premises. They arc undeniable. Surely
neither The Call as a newspaper nor its owner as a
large employer has ever denied them.'* Admitting
them freely, we say to those who stand for them that
the analogy between the organization of capital and
labor cannot cease with their right to organize, but
must continue to equality of responsibility.
Capital combines and incorporates, but no cor
poration compels any one to join and purchase its
stock, by depriving him of the means of earning his
bread if he refuse. It pickets no banker's door, nor"
business man's store, to denounce him to passers-by
or customers who seek to patronize 'him. It does
not enforce investment in its securities by calling
those who refuse "scabs." It can do none of these
things because the power for harm of organization
being recognized, organized capital is hedged around
by the law, and everything capital does is under the
shadow and restraint of its legal responsibility. On
the streets of this city may be seen trucks and drays
with a printed placard reading, "Granted permission
by the B. O. T." This means that some one has
need of a wage-worker, and that the employer can
not have the services of the employe until a third
party' who neither earns the wages nor pays them
"grants permission."
Suppose that a truck were seen placarded, "Granted
permission to work by the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company," that company being neither the earner
nor the payer of the wages, does not every one know
that not only would the whole town rise in revolt,
but the courts would take instant cognizance of the
offense against personal liberty and • punish the
offender? Yet an act that capital dare not do is done
by an organization that has neither legal standing
nor financial responsibility.
Labor has the same right to organize as capital.
We go farther than that and declare that labor has a
better right to organize than capital, because men are
more important than money. But, when organized,
labor escapes none- of its obligations to the com
munity of which it is a part. It has no more right
than capital to stop all industry and inflict an irre
parable injury upon production as is now being
done. If the corporations of California were doing
as the Examiner is now encouraging union labor to
do the courts would oust them from the control of
their business, and under the legal principle of the
failure of a trust by default of the trustee would, by
judicial order, install trustees who. would proceed to
discharge their corporate obligations.
If it be insisted that individual contract between
employer and employe shall cease, and that the em
ploye surrendering that right shall merge himself in
a union, "surrendering his personal liberty of con
tract, to work only when granted permission by the
officers of his union, the safety of the laborer him
self demands that such potent and portentous con
trol of his fate shall be responsible and not irrespon
sible, that its power for evil shall be recognized as
well as its power for good, and that its exercise shall
be as rigidly regulated by law as is the power of capi
tal and of corporations.
The welfare of the wage-worker himself requires
this. Thousands of men are now idle in this, city and
their families are feeling the pinch who were with
out grievance against their employers. They were
not put under any ban .as union men. They .had
union wages and hours, but they are refused permis
sion to work because third parties refuse to grant
permission to wage-earners to work in some . other
line of employment. Such men are denied the right
to keep their contracts and agreements with their
employers and compelled to. stand impeached of bad
faith -because of a controversy they did not cause
and cannot settle.
In the absence of any legal status or responsibility
they find themselves compelled to resort to the primi
tive method of force to prevent the community, of
which they are a part, continuing the processes by
which its life is maintained. As they feel the pinch
worse and their condition becomes more desperate
in enforced idleness, they resort to personal violence
in denying to others the right to do the work and
take the wages they have abandoned. .; , •
.'• Into this painful situation is thrown the evil advice
of the Examiner in search of nickels'. It is teaching
the wage-earners that they have.no responsibility to
the community, that the ships may rot at the
wharves, the farmers' grain and fruit waste, in the
fields, and the commerce and industries of the 'State
migrate permanently elsewhere, to the lasting injury
of both labor and capital, "for the sake of a prin
ciple," which involves the right of a third party to
grant or refuse to men the right to work when-em
ployment is waiting for them. No question of hours
or wages is involved, only .this "principle," which 'is
such.a high and afflicting form of interference with
personal liberty, that it cannpt safely be intrusted to
UNDERGROUND RAILWAYS MENACE
ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL, LONDON
any man or combination of men irresponsible to *the
law. for its abuse. • -
_ No matter what the result of the bad counsel of the
Examiner, wage-workers themselves will ultimately
be compelled to seek the protection of the law against
the very power they are now advised to establish.
THE STRIKE AND THE PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AD GUST 21, 1901.
6
AMTJSEM3ENTS.
Ales zar— * 'Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house — "Brother Officers."
Central — "Men -and Women."
Tivoll— "Barber cf Seville."
California— "Barbara Freitchie."
Crpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Lady Huntworth'g Experiment."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ercnins.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Swimm'nz.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento — September i to 14.
~ AUCTION SALES.
\
By "Wm. G. Layng— Thursday. August 29, at 11 o'clock.
Fine Road Horses, .it 721 Howard street.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LE1YISG T0W5 FOR THE SUMMER.
Call Rubscrlbers content platlns; a chsnre ml
residence dcrins the summer months can har*>
their paper forwarded l»y mall to their »e»r
Addresses by notifying The Call Business Ofilce.
This paj>cr trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local a/femt la
¦xll town* on the coast.Continued From Page Two.
MECHANICS RETURNING.
The bull was 1; — no hurry to act. He
stood and leisurely surveyed the situa
tion. A knot of people who imagined they
were far enough away from him to be
safe was the first thing to catch his eye
and at them he charged. "Where those
people went to is still puzzling the police,
though Captain Dunleavy. is willing to
wager that many a resident of Oakland
got home without having his ticket
punched.
Evidently satisfied that he could do just
about as he pleased the bull took another
look. This time he spied a gang of
strikers, and the way he scattered that
expert ana the commuters had that his
bullship was anything but a real nice ani
mal was a loud snort and a vicious yank
at the rope by which the vaquero was
leading him. That one yank at the rope
was enough for the man from* butcher
town. It gave the bull his freedom and
made the hundreds of commuters sorry
ithat they had- ncj caught the 5 o'clock
boat. '
COMIC SIDE OF A SERIOUS SITUATION SEEN AT THE FOOT OF MARKET STREET YESTERDAY, WHEN AN
ANGRY BULL, BROKE LOOSE AND CHARGED AT THE CROWD CONGREGATED IN THE NAVE OF THE
DEPOT.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound,
Old Virginia's great offering. . •
Iiecture on Karl Marx;
A • lecture ;. on Karl « Marx : and the labor
movement will be delivered to-morrow
evening at the Academy of Sciences Hall.
819 ; Market street, by: Thomas Bersfjrd.
The lecture is under the: auspices of the
Socialists of , the city. . -----
, L. M. Oakley was'arrested yesterday by
Detectives Crockett and Dillon on a war
rantV: from Keswick; Shasta ; County,
charging him with grand larceny*. - He and
another . man named Van Busklrk' are ac
cused of stealing from the house of a rest
dent in i Keswick a quantity of . clothing
and other articles. Oakley used to work
ini<the'clneograph'. parlors on Market
street. '¦,-¦._¦
Oakley Wanted in Keswick.
,A. C. Barrett, an oiler employed on the
transport Sheridan, was arrested yester
day by customs inspectors as he was
leaving the vessel with forty-two yards of
silk wound around his body underneath
his clothing. He is now in the County
Jail awaiting examination on a charge of
smuggling. : x >
Oiler Barrett in Jail.
.Additional applications for special polico
officers were received and considered last
night by the Board of Police Commission
ers. Curtln's Detective Agency asked for
the appointment of fifty for trucks and
eight for barns; McNab & Smith applied
for twenty-one and | there were sixteen
miscellaneous applications. All were re
ferred to Chief of Police Sullivan for ap
proval, as were also sixty applications for
permits to carry concealed weapons Chief
of -Police -Sullivan reported .that of .-the
former list of special officers appointed
thirty-five named by McNab & Smith and
sixty-six named by Curtin's Detecti'-ts
Agency had failed . to qualify. : . Twenty
threewof Curtin's appointees resigned af*er
a day or two of service.
Commission Names More. Specials.
The trial by Jury of Mrs. Dora Schwart
ir.g, midwife, 510 Eddy street, charged
with cruelly beating little Annie Keller,
who lived with her, took place in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. The jury, after
hearing the evidence, brought In a verdict
of guilty, but commended the defendant
to the leniency of the court. She will be
sentenced this "morning.
The testimony of Mrs. Sophie E. Groat,
who rescued the girl; Mrs. Margaret
Kuhle, her mother, and Secretary White
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children showed how the girl's
arm, leg and ear were bruised and dis
colored by the beating she received with
a stick. The little girl testified and the
marks on her arm and leg were shown to
the jury, although the beating was ad
ministered ten days ago. The defendant
did net deny the beating, but said the
child had to be chastised as she was
"wild."
Commended to the Leniency
of the Court.
Mrs. Dora Schwarting, Midwife, Is
CONVICTED OF CB.TTELXY
BEATING A LITTLE GIRL
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 20.— When the
steamer Santa Rosa, from San Francisco
arrived here this morning, „ the union
longshoremen who have helped handle her
cargo on former trips since, the strike
began did not put in an appearance • They
were not acting under orders -from their
union, but simply concluded of their own
accord that they would not work. An
effort was made to get non-union Mexi
cans to assist the crew in handling the
cargo, but they demanded 45 cents an
hour instead of 35 cents and the steamship
officers concluded to get along without
them. So the crew went to work unload
ing and taking on .cargo. The steamer
left for the north at 9:30 to-night having
discharged 150 tons of freight during the
day and taken on a like amount.
Crew Unloads the Santa Rosa.
Captain Wittman stated .that he had
been informed that the gamblers were
playing roulette, and it was due to this
report that he raided the place. As he
could not' find the "wheel" or other evi
dence that could be used In convicting the
visitors, he ¦was unable to make arrests^
Pedestrians In the neighborhood at the
time of the raid were startled and men
and women flew in every direction to es
cape possible injury. Detective George
McMahon and Sergeant Bush were In the
vicinity and lent their . assistance to ; tho
'commanding officer. .. .*
Police Captain Wittman last night/paid
an official visit to the crap game that ha*
been running in full blast at 145 Powell
street. His visit was as sudden as it was
unexpected and the gamblers who crowd
ed the room, behind the cigar stand were
thrown into a panic. Every effort was
made to escape ¦ from the premises, but
the doors and exits were guarded by po
licemen.
The raid wa3 well planned. Captain
Wittman, Sergeant O'Connor and a po
liceman left the Hall of -Justice in citi
zens' clothes. The captain carried an ax
that has seen service in breaking up Chi
natown gambling dens. When the south
bound Powell street car reached the cor
ner of O'Farrell street the three officers
sprang from it and into the entrance of
the game. Wlttman burst the plate glass
window of the door with one blow and
thrusting his hand inside opened the
lock. His squad were inside in a'twink
ling, but as quick as they, were the gam
blers were quicker, as the evidence was
hidden and no arrests could be made
The money was lying on the table, but
the two dice used In "shooting craps"
were missing.' The officers .had all their
trouble for their, pains and had to leave
without making a capture. <\
Powell-Street Gambling House
and Scare Inmates.
Captain Wittman and Squad Visit a
POLICE RAID CRAP GAME,
BUT MAKE NO ARRESTS
"The practice which should govern a
court or magistrate in admitting to bail
a defendant charged with crime 13 cor
rectly stated in ex-parte Duncan, 53 Cal.
410 and ex-parte Duncan, 54 Cal. 75, and
it is further held in both of these cases
that the court is not authorized upon writ
of habeas corpus to reduce the amount
of bail fixed by the court or committing
magistrate unless the bail demanded is
•per se, unreasonably great and clearly
disproportionate to the offense involved,
and in the last'of these cases it was said
by Wallace, C. J.: „ V , 3 -.. ¦ ± ,.
" 'The authorities generally hold that if
the accused has property obtained by the
commission of a crime the bail should be
for a larger amount than the value of such
property, otherwise^ the offender might
make the crime itself an instrument for
PSO&D6 ' * •
"And more particularly should the
amount of property alleged to have been
obtained by the defendant be considered
in a case like this prosecuted under sec
tion 6497 of the Revised Statutes, which
provides that the defendant, upon con
viction, may be punished by a fine of 'not
more than the amount embezzled.' The
application is denied."
On the opening of court yesterday morn
ing United States Court Commissioner
Heacock reduced the bail of Walter N.
Dlmmick, late chief clerk of the United
States Branch Mint in this city, from the
former sum of $37,000 to $15,000 on the first
complaint charging the embezzlement of
$30,000; to $2500 on the second complaint,
to $500 on the third complaint and to $250
on the fourth, a total of $18,250. George
D. Collins then filed a petition for a writ
of habeas corpus before United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven alleging that the
bail was unreasonable and excessive.
Judge de Haven denied tfie motion and
remarked for Attorney Collins' enlighten
ment:
/The .numerical strength of the California
Naval Militia approximates 400 officers
and men. The branch of the service is
distinct from the National Guard
Adjutant General Seamans expects to
assign the ncrthern divisions, comprising
the Naval Militiamen of San Francisco
and Eureka, to the first cruise. The naval
forces of Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara Los
Angeles and San Diego, comprising the
southern division, will go on the second
cruise. The Philadelphia will be at sea
from eight to ten day3 on each cruise The
daily routine of work, the most Important
being target practice, is prescribed by the
United States Navy.
Adjutant General Seamans has received
a communication of which the following
Is a copy: °
4* - U. S. 8. Philadelphia, ?
BAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 15, 1901. J
W. H. Seamans, adjutant general California
Naval Militia, Sacramento, Cal.— Sir: I have
been directed to arrange with you for the
annual cruise on this vessel of the California
Naval Militia, and I have the honor to in
form you that it is impossible to fix an exact
dp.f» for the first cruise, but it will be some-'
wb«>re In the neighborhood of September 15 at
which time I hope to have the ship here ready
for. the embarkation of such division as may
be assigned for this cruise. Very respectfully
W. W. MEAD,
Captain U.' S. N., Commanding.
Naval militiamen belonging to the Cali
fornia divisions will be delighted to re
ceive intelligence that the superb United
States cruiser Philadelphia has been as
signed to them for annual cruise.
His Attorney Asks the
Court to Make It
Still Lower.
Cruiser Philadelphia As
signed to Use of
That Body.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council gave out the fol
lowing address to the farmers of the State
last night:
To the Farmers of California— Brothers: As
you are aware we, your fellow tollers, are en
gaged In this city of San Francisco in a strug
gle for our rights. This struggle has not only
affected the local trade of this city, but it
has also affected the transportation of those
staples in which you are interested. You are
suffering no less than we. It is therefore of
importance that you should thoroughly under
stand the nature of the present struggle in
order that you may be able to place on the
proper shoulders the responsibility for the in
jury which is done you.
Thig is the more necessary now because our
enemies and yours are straining every nerve
to throw the blame on us. They have money
and with money they hope to manufacture pub
lic opinion against our cause and yours. "Di
vide and conquer" is their motto and if they
can divide us who are brethren and fellow
soldiers their victory will be easy and -lasting.
Therefore we are anxious that you be not led
away by their misrepresentations, but that you
know the truth, the whole truth and nothing
but the truth.
In the beginning let us ask you to consider
¦who -are likely to be your friends, the cap
italists or we. Tou belong to the great army
of the tollers, bo do we. You are exploited by
usurers and capitalists, eo are we. You are
the plain people who have nothing but a vote
to set .in this government ¦ against those who
can buy officials, corrupt legislatures and pur
chase courts. We are in the same class with
you. Who then are likely to be your friends—
the men of the same class with you or the
men who look upon you as chattels? We must
be true to you, for our cause is your cause,
our welfare your welfare, our honor your
honor. Those who are fighting us cannot be
true to you, for everything that make's them
what they are ! Is precisely that which op
presses you and defrauds you of your rights.
When, then, they come to you with fair
seeming words it is your duty to be cautious
and to look before you leap. We no doubt
have our faults and many of them, but we are
convinced in this case that knowledge of the
facts will show you that we have done noth
ing to demand excuse.
Why is this strike now on? It is not a
strike, but a lockout. We are not asking for
shorter hours or higher pay. Why then is all
transportation tied up?
. Our enemies say It 13 "cussedness," and for
once they are right. The strike is caused by
the "cussedness" of a few rich men in San
Francisco who have organized themselves Into
a secret society called the Employers' Asso
ciation. That society Is a mercantile Malta
which has decreed that labor unions must be
assassinated. They demand that we dissolve
those brotherhoods and federations' which have
done so much to better our condition. While
they are linked together" with band3 of brass,
they demand that the worldngmen come to
them singly hat In hand, to receive whatever
treatment their tyranny may condescend to
grant. . ..-.-.¦
Farmers of California, what would you say
to any combination of men that would forbid
you to organize to safeguard your rights?
Would it not be better for you - to see your
fields untilled, to suffer .the pangs of hunger,
to hear the cry of your little ones, rather than
sell your manhood for a mess of pottage?
There are rights which are dearer than life
Itself, and the right to organize for mutual
help, the right to stretch out the hand to help
In bearing one -another's burdens, is one -of
them. This right Is one of the essentials of
liberty, and our forefathers were fired to vin
dicate their freedom with their blood by that
Important apostrophe, "Give me liberty or give
me death.". This is the right the Employers'
Association would deny us In San Francisco.
Is it not our duty and the duty of every free
American citizen to suffer all things rather
than surrender it? Thi3 strike is not our doing
We gave no occasion for It. The employers
wantonly forced it on us. We begged for
your sake that they would make some arrange
ment by which the wheat might be moved
•we pleaded with them; we set aside for a mo
ment our Just pride to pray them to remember
your. case, and what was their answer? "Let
It rot!"
And now they would persuade you that we
are to blame. This whole city that is in sym
pathy with us knows our hands are clean. I The
employers are drunk with prosperity and pride
They have profaned the temple of liberty, and'
like the impious king of old, they have brought
forth the sacred vessels to defile them. Let
them see now over against them the finger
still writing on the wall: "Ye are weighed in
the balance and ye are found wanting."-
We are sincerely .yours, by order of the Exe
cutive Committee of the San. Francisco Labor
Council. W. HV GOFF. President. 4 -,
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
Ban Francisco. August 20, 1901.
ADDRESS TO THE FARMERS.
teamster Monday Balletto attacked him
with a horsewhip and beat him severely.
NAVAL MILITIA
WELL TREATED
Exchange Nearly Beady to Build.
The members of the Merchants' ' Ex
change have been invited to pay up their
subscriptions of $500 each for the stock
of the new exchange. In a letter which
Secretary T. C. Friedlander has addressed
individually to the stockholders the fact
is get forth that just as soon as the cash
is received for the subscriptions the ex
change will pay for the property of the
old Merchants' Exchange. Then the next
Ftep will be to have plans made for the
f.r.e building which it is the purpose of
the directors to erect on California, Leldes
dorff and Montgomery streets. No plan
has been suggested yet nor has the cost
been fixed. These matters will be talked
over and decided upon by the directors
later.
Gteorge M. Martin Insolvent.
George Miller Martin, a clerk residing
in San Francisco, filed a petition In Insol
vency yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court. He ewes $2225, nearly all of
which is borrowed mone>' In sums of 51,
J2 50 and $5, and much of which was
obtained from tradesmen and other
creditors. He has $1 23 assets.
DIMMICK'S BAIL
HIDE LIGHTER
The bull was being led \ along East
street toward the San Jose steamer land
ing at a time when all the commuters
were doing the usual break-neck act for
the boat. He gave no sign of the spirit
that worked within him until just opposite
the ferry- He was apparently such a Oo
cile bovine that the man from the land
of strong odors who was leading him
thought he was the nicest bull that ever
started on a voyage to a slaughter-house.
The first intimation the butchertown
wharves than a rumor of a iiot
could create. It was not one of Captain
Dunleavy's "bulls" that broke loose, but
one of the real things imported from
butchertown. If the harbor police could
only scatter a crowd like that four-legged
animal there would be little need for the
appointment of "scab" policemen. .
A BULL broke loose on the water
front last night about 6 o'clock
and for more than an hour there
was more excitement about the
Tiring of attacking the denizens of tha
ferry in crowds the bull started for them
individually. Men, women and children,
safely ensconced as they thought behind
the pillars of the ferry building, wore
driven from behind the protective blocks
of granite and compelled to dart hither
and thither to escape the animal.
Even a bull gets tired, however, and this
particular animal luckily got tired quick
ly. When he had driven every one oft
the street he let out a roar, flashed a last
look of contempt around the ferry and,
then settled back on his haunches for a
rest. The last seen of the bull he was
on board the boat to which he was bcln<?
led when the fit of anger overtook him
The vaquero who'had him In charge, after
making a detour of several blocks, man
aged to get up close enough to grasp the
leading rope. The rest was easy, for the
bull having, had , his fun* was perfectly
willing to be led aboard the boat.
crowd brought tears to the eyes of every
police officer on the front.
Mr. J. W. Andrews of Hopland killed a
fine deer near Largo, a short distance
north of Hopland, and Mr. Sevenoaks of
the San Francisco Post killed one buck
off Duncan's Peak, which overshadows
Duncan's Springs. Mr. George W. Grant
and party went up last week to Round
Valley and got eight.
Quite a number of the guests at Hand
ley's Summer Resort, which Is on the
Orr's Springs road, twenty miles west of
Ukiah, have a number of bucks to their
credit. In addition to the four shot last
•week by them, Mr. Wade H. Foulks of
San Francisco g-ot three.
Mr. Frank Valencia, who lives at
Igrr.acio, killed in the hills two deer, one
on August 11 and one on August IS. Mr.
"W. J. B. Mills and party from San Fran-
Cisco got two deer last Thursday and one
on Saturday near Novato. On Sunday
Mr. W. Devoto killed one near Black
Point.
It has been truly said that the best
hunting left In California easily available
to those living In San Francisco and
vicinity Is in Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
ar.d Lake counties. At no time in the past
have deer been more plentiful than at
present, nor is their presence confined to
any one locality. They seem to be every
where throughout that section.
I>eer Galore.
I won t say any more about Jt. except
that I was offered $1(KK) to let the defense
(Arbuckles) have the jury and later was
offered another thousand to take the case
away from the jury."
"Who were the people who came to see
you?" was asked of Judge Mack. He
named three well-known Toledoans under
the condition that their names were not
to be published yet.
"I'll not allow their names published
until I get ready to defend myself. Then
1*11 let the public know who is "crooked."
Later came another sensational feature
of the case. Clarence Brown of the coun
sel for the Arbuckles vigorously denied
Mack's statements, practically giving him
the lie straight and declared that he
(Brown) was approached with a proposi
tion to the effect that a disagreement of
the Jury could be secured for a consider
ation.
TOLEDO. O.. Aug. 20.— Bad blood has
Frown out of the Arbuckle-Havemeyer
coffee war controversy in the courts. Re
cently in Judge Mack's court many ex
perts from all over the country were ex
amined In the case where the State Dairy
and Food Commissioner of. Ohio had ar
rested grocers for selling a brand of Ar
liuckle's package coffee. The test case oc
cupied days and weeks. It did not mat
ler which side won, the case was bound
to go to a higher court. Attorneys have
been trying to induce Judge Mack to sign
a bill of exceptions, but he has decided to
take his own time to it.
To-day In a heated controversy some
sensational charges were preferred by
both Judge and attorneys. The Judge
had been mandamused In a suit to compel
him to Elgn a journal entrv. Clarence
Brown. Thomas Tracy and H. A. Bod
man called upon the Judge but he refused
to signHhe bill of exceptions. Arbuckle's
attorneys held a consultation. Then they
attacked Judge Mack in a body with a
fire of hot argument. The Judge sudden
ly exclaimed:
Special Eiepstch to The Call.'
The regular v meeting of the Iroquois
Club will j be held : on Friday evening,
August 23. at Pythian Castle, P09 Market
street. The following subject will be dis
cussed: Resolved. That compulsory ar
bitration is the best remedy to settle dis
putes between employers and employes.
Iroquois Club Meeting.
Headquarters of the Republican Primary
League, 930 Market street, are ooen every
day from 9 a, m. to 10:30 p. m. The league
proposes to take an active part In pro
moting the cause of good government in
the municipal campaign. . «
The.. Call, it seems, was correct in the
forecast made in July that Judge Sweeny
was the old Senatorial push candidate In
Northern California for one of the places
on the Supreme bench.
The Shasta County Searchlight has dis
covered the significance- of the primary
election In this city. It throws out this
ray of light: "For Shasta County Gage's
San Francisco victory means the eleva
tion of Ju'dge Sweeny to the Supreme
bench." . . .
According to all political signs the Re
publican party should win at the next mu
nicipal election. If the delegates to the
convention show sufficient strength of
character and independence to exclude
from control the agents of Kelly, Crlm
mins and Herrin the prospects of victory
at the polls will brighten.
Sweeny for Supreme Bench.
Twenty-eighth District— Graf ton Hatch, P. J.
Dunne. Twenty-ninth District— T. E. Zant, AI
vln Appel. Thirtieth District— F. W. Lindgren,
S. Sehmolowitz. Thlrty-flrsf District— Thomas
Beresford. Theodore Molltor. Thirty-second
District— H. I/Otztn. Thirty-third District-
John Barduhn. Georere Guthrle, Robert Lutge.
Thirty-fourth District— Arthur Schau. Gus Post
ler. Thirty-fifth District— F. N. Hayman, N.
V. Hansen. Thirty-sixth District— Emll Lelss,
William Senner. Charles D. Scarper. Thirty
seventh District— Joseph J. Noel, H. H. Lilen
thal. Thirty-eighth District— John M. Rey
nolds. Thirty-ninth District— W. E. Walker,
Joseph J. Alphonso. Fortieth District — Camer
on King Sr. Forty-first District— F. Dubrow.
Forty-second District— G. B. Benhaw. Forty
third District— Emil J. Kern. Forty-fourth
District— George Nesbit. Forty-fifth District-
John Messer.
The Democratic Socialists ¦ will have a
convention of their own and will also have
a party designation on the official ballot,
as they elected the following delegates at
the recent primary election:
All the politicians know that a labor
ticket usually plays havoc with the Demo
cratic machine. The Workingmen's party
of 1S77-78 almost extinguished the Democ
racy in San Francisco. The workingmen
elected the municipal officers excepting
the Board of Supervisors. The Republi
cans elected the Governor and other State
officers, including the Legislature. Re
publican Supervisors were also elected in
San Francisco. The Democrats were
practically erased from the political map.
As soon as the- Workingmen's party was
fairly established the Democrats began to
break in. When the party dissolved the
Democrats went back to -their old love.
Democrats Fear Labor picket.
Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed, who
represents a Jeffersonlan faction in the
Democratic party and is a shining light in
the aristocratic Monticello Club, is spoken
of as a candidate for Mayor on the Labor
ticket.
The convention will consist of 400 dele
gates. The shoemakers, stablemen and
barbers have chosen their delegates. The
convention will meet in Metropolitan
Temple September 5.
I. Less, chairman; J. W. McAdams, ' secre
tary; G. F. Arbutlne, J. N. Ducory, Joseph
Fogarty. James Bowlan, M. W. Coffey, H.
Coyle, Thomas Martin. J. C. Lane. H. M. Bur
nett, , J. P. LJsrhtbody. H. Gallagher. T. J.
Cannon. T. Lony, P. Duffy, W. J. Miller, Mar
cel Wllle. G. GUI, Raymond, Thomas Mey
ers, Joseph Mlllmore, A. Crldge. H. GUdea,
H. W. Gebel. Peter Maurier, William M. Pagre.
Robert J. King, W. Dally. John Montgomery.
J. Duncanson, John Whalen, John H. Weld
man, William Gunton, Charles Bergevln, J. N.
Murphy. James E. Donell.
There will be a labor ticket in the field,
but Hearst may not be able to frame it
to suit himself. He suggests that the
Union Labor party should nominate only
such officers as Mayor and Supervisors.
The politicians in the labor camp are not
Inclined to accept the suggestion. They
prefer a complete ticket and insist that
only union men shall be nominated. The
movement to create a municipal conven
tion Is in the hands of the following
executive committee:
Asa R. Wells is not a candidate for
Mayor in the true sense of candidacy, but
If the Republican convention should place
his name at the head of the ticket he
would accept the honor and responsibility
of leadership and use all honorable efforts
to achieve success.
Wells "Would Accept Nomination.
Charles W. Slack, r formerly . Superior
Judge, and at present Regent of the Uni
versity of California, is not a candidate
for Mayor of San Francisco. He was
asked yesterday on behalf of The Call if
there were any conditions under which he
would accept the Republican nomination
for Mayor. Ha frankly replied that he"
did not know of any conditions which
would induce him to take the nomination.
He remarked: "My reason for saying that
I afn not a candidate for Mayor and
would not accept a nomination for the
office is simple. If I accepted the nomi
nation It would be disastrous to my busi
ness. If my election followed acceptance
it. would be destructive to my business. I
have worked to gather up a practice and
succeeded to some degree. I am a poor
man and cannot afford to give up my
practice."
The politicians who are talking of plac
ing Judge Slack at tha, head of the Re
publican ticket should turn their atten
tion elsewhere. He is out of politics and
proposes to stay .out. ,
Union Labor Party Resolves
to Hold a Municipal
Convention. '
Statements Prom a Jurist
That Bribery Was At- '
tempted. .
Ex- Judge Slack Refuses
to Accept Nomination
for Any Office.
Controversy in Toledo
Courts Becomes a
Sensation.
Bull Breaks Loose From Vaquero Who Was Leading Him, Dashes
Into the Depot and Causes Wildest Confusion Among Com
muters—Submits Quietly to Capture When Tired of Charging
MAN FOR MAYOR
HARD TO FIND
JUDGE MAKES
GRAVE CHARGES
BOVINE FROM BUTCHERTOWN GIVES
LARGE CROWD AT FERRY A SCARE
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
BARGAIN MATIN EB TO-MORROW,
25c and BOc
POSITIVELY THIS WEEK ONLY.
MR. JAMES AND THE
I\/F^H I NEILL
/ W ffrn.n/ M Meum* Mom* I COMPANY.
PRESENTING - '
•'BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
(Public Demand.)
Evening 25c. 35c, 50c. 75c. $1 CO
Saturday Matinee..... 25c, 50c, 75o
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
"ROSEMARY."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
' MATINEE TO-DAT (Wednesday) Aug. 21.
•Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
THE BEST .YET! /
BEAD THE LIST OF NAMES.'
i The Cragg Family, Louiae Thorndyke
\ Boucicault and Company, Richard
Jose, the Four Otts, "Let ebre's Saxo-
phone Quartet, Charles H. Brad-
shaw and Company, Remarc and
Rilay, Hill and Silviany, and the
Siograph.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GRAND OPERA.
To-Nlght, Friday and Saturday. Rossini's
....BARBER OF SEVILLE....
Thursday and Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee.
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto'»
Great Classic,
..... MEFISTOFBLB
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
A Comedy In Three Acts, by Leo Trevor.
On THURSDAY EVENING. Ausr. 22. a HAND-
SOME SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH of
MISS VAN BUREN will be riven
to each lady present.
PRICES.. 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "LORD AND LADY ALGY."
THIS WEEK— EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT
SUNDAY— MATINEES SATURDAYS.
DANIEL FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From Daly's Theater, New York. Including
HILDA. SF»OIMG,
In the Great Comedy Success.
LADY HUNTWORTfi'S EXPERIMENT.
By R. C. CARTON.
Next Week— Last Nights of Daniel Frohman'a
Company. First Time Here of
"WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS."
BEi&SCOABaTHAlE&^jg^
TO-NIGHT— Every. Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production of Belasco and De Mille's
Powerful Drama,
Men and Women,
A Great Cast— First Appearances In San Fran-
. clsco of the Talented Actress.
MISS ANNETTE MARSHALL!
PDirCV Evenings 10c. I5c. 23c. 35c. 50c
rcllC£ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Next Week— "THE TWO ORPHANS."
CHUTES ANDj&OO *2'i*2£S»
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE. THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE AMATEURS
In a CHINESE MINSTREL SHOW.
;' Telephone for • Scats Park 23.
UTOfUpD'C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOynCiIl O Admission 10c.
' Fannie. Raymond. Camella and Amellta. Paul
La Croix. P. ¦¦• A. ¦ Dunsworth. Colero&n ¦« and
Mex.'s. Leo and Munroe. Irene Franklin, Jone*
and ' Brnwn and Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.'
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open dally from' 7 a. m. to ill p. m.
- Bathing from 7 a.: m: to 10:30 p. • m.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c. .
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
fWHBAT R £7 A>
LAST MATINEE SATUBDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
• Supported by "WHITE "WHITTLESET.
.In Charlotte Thompson's Success.
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
— — — . t * • • ~j • •
Next "Week — Florence Roberts.
"ROMEO AND JULIET" »-¦ >i
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE \
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day • of December. A. D. 1900, and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
eurance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections S19
and Sll of the Political God?, condensed as per
blank furnished by .the Commissioner.
ASSETS. >;,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company Jt.011.703 *>
Cash In Company's Office S34 09
Cash In Banks EO.GOO CO
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans 9,724 0t
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
«on 93.133 33
Total Assets $1,171,513 90
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses In process of Adjustment or \ -•*
In Suspense U\K3 *9
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 2tS.34O 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; reinsur-
ance- 50 per cent 378,114 01
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 8.S33 77
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 4.474 «5
Reinsurance S2n n
All other liabilities 55.000 0O
Total Liabilities $74t22S 04
INCOME. ;
Net cash actually received for prem-
ium* J311.052 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 83.113 st
Total Income $«4,!53 €1
EXPENDITTTRES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing J losses of previous years), im.w.fi 33
Remitted to Home Office 43,134 jj
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244.353 31
Paid for Ralariea. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40,125 08
Paid for State. National and Local -
taxes 24.SK 9S'
AH other payments and expendi-
tures B1.453 05
Total Expenditures ! {320.170 «4
A. W. MASTERS. Oeneral Manait-r!
Subscribed and «worn to before me. this 13th
day of January. i?oi.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Publics
edw.cTLandis
General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.
Phone John 61.
Accident and Liability Insurance. v
PALACE
- __V- These hotels posse*
ANn. the attributes that tour
sta and travelers ap
£RANT) n:ectate— central loca
aniUlU t ion. liberal manajre
WIVrT«T ment. modern appoint
nUlCLJ) merits and perfect cui-
sine.
San American and Euro.
pean plans.
Fl*QfiC13C3
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall^a
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES. ;
St. Germain Billiard Co.. Ut» Jacob Strahl*
It Co. (est'd. 1S521 409 Market st. : upon in-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COK6 AN) PIO IRO.f.
J- C WILSON & C0*» Telephone Main 1384.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC PflVPS £ TCI P^lPPlce Butchers. 1M
JAJ* ill/ 1 EO U C ! J- Clay. TeL Main 1234
" ~~ OILS. ~~~"
X-CBRTCATTNO OTLS. LEONARD & KIA13.
418 Front «t.. 84 K. Phone Main 1713.
LUBIUCATINO OILS. ENSIGN ft McOUF-
F1CK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main iSSA.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 33c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth 11. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
~~ HRINTI.NO. ~ "
EC HUGHES, msaSo^a,,.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. ""
THE H1CKS-JUBD CO..
S3 First Street, Saa , Francisco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PESTIFEROUS GERM.
Burrows T7p the Scalp Into Dandruff
and Saps tlie Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair aa
a rule do not know that it is the result of
dandruff, which Is caused by a pestiferous
parasite burrowing up the scalp as it digs
down to the sheath in which the hair is
fed in the scalp. Before long the hair root
Js shriveled up and the hair drops out.
If the work of the germ is not destroyed
hair keeps thinning till baldness comes
The only way to cure dandruff is to kill
the germ, end until now there has been
no hair preparation that would do 5t. But
to-day dandruff is easily eradicated by
JCewbro's Herpicide, which makts hair
glossy and soft as silk.
Of this city and State have had
/TTBInSVA lheSr wrinkles removed at the
JwTfc^HlG? JCew Yor * Institute of Derma-
/LZL C?£* t°logy, since lta location In San
¦*"ttyy_ Francisco, Just four months
-"^ ae °- To aopreciate what these
accomplished physicians are do-
lnjr right here In your midst. It 1b only neces-
sary to visit their parlors. Jn the Columbian
bldg.. SJ6 Market street, and see the remark-
able exhibition of the woman with one side
of her face badly wrinkled while the other
elfle Is made smooth and youthful to ehow
what true scientific dermatology can accom-
plish. Seeine- is believln* and many of the
best people of this city ana State have been
treated either through seeing these convincing
demonetratlons or after having seen the re-
sults of this treatment in some friend— the
method omployed Insuring against a return of
the wrinkles.
Tha rtrictest confidence is observed In Inter-
view or corresoondence and consultation is
fre* ILLr-SHAPED KO6ES, DOUBLE CHIN.
BAGGY CHEEKS. DROOPING MOUTH.
PUFFT. BAGGT LIDS CORRECTED.
FKECKLES. HAIR. WARTS. MOLES AND
ALL, MARKS AND BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Call or address NEW YORK INSTITUTE
OF DERMATOLOGY. &th floor. Columbian
bliir..- S16 Market st. (opposite Emporium). San
Francisco.
Lady la reception.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
GF ANfiTQBYf
\[ Cjf 1T> e Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
fk /"H- Worid. *Veaknc»ses or iny cr^mractid p
V (rJtSji <»sc»«* po»M»««-ly rarr.d tijr the o'.ckit T
Q iTS*^— I ipccaliit on the Coiit. Est. 36 years. Q
A h%£Vn DH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF WEN d
i 9 $£j£*¥?t CocTOitatioo tree ar.d strictly priyite. \
A f, l7&Z Trca:ment personally or by letter. A n
TB jlrn j'otiiivt Curt in erety cate cadertaken. T
Aril ll I Write for Boofc. rBILONOPHYor A
¥' H || T RanUtACR, MAILED FP.tE. fAf
i <i /J. v&luftbie book (or n.<-n) \
v Mi. JUSDANAC'O., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
\AJ. T. ,HESS.
K0TA2Y FUBUC AKD ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW. "
Tenth Floor. Room I0IS, Claus Sprecltel* Bid*.
Telephone Brown S31. ¦ • .
Residence. i2I California st.. below. Powell.
Eaa Francisco. ¦ ;1^ •
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
¦fa^Q HJj BmB At9tk Wtc 5 [|£u 5 S3 jy^^^ b^S^
alone will sustain life, but Mellin's
Food is intended to be and should be
used with fresh milk- — with fresh
milk it is a complete food.
Mellin's Food not only supplies nutri-
tive elements needed, by the young
infant, but modifies the milk and
makes it more easily digestible.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.All descriptions remain as before quoted. The
market is sufficiently supplied.
San Francisco Meat Market.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steere and 5®»Vic per lb for
cows. ... ' . , .
VEAL— Large, 7<f?Sc; small. 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers/ 7©Sc; Ewes 7®7^c per
pound. , . - - - ' ; .7* ~. .
LAMB— S(J9c per lb.
PORK-Live Hosts. 200 lbs and under. 6'ic;
over 2C0 lbs.- 6c: -feeders.' ; sows, 20 per
cent «jff:" bo?.r3. • 50 per cent, off and stags. 40
per cent off from the above quotations: dressed
Ilcgs, .7%©3>,ic.' . _ _
Continued on Page Eleven.
: The , shipping demand for Beans • has now
almost died away, for. the present, at least, and
dealers :, are 'quoting a- quiet ; and unchanged
market. > ¦ ,.
9 BEANS— Bayos. %2 60@2 73; Small White, $1 S3
Beans and Seeds.
The. thirty odd cars of Hay on the tracks
sold ' readily at. previous quotations, though
the feeling was ' weak. Bran and Middlings
continued firm at the recent advance.
BRAN— $19 f.0@20 50. per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— S21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 30 p»r
ton:-Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23«J26: jobbing
$26 50; 'Cocoanut Cake. $17@'18; Corn Meal. *32J?
23; Cracked Corn. $32 50<g33 50; Mixed Feed $17
@i8.i:
-HAY — Wheat, $7<?J9 50; choice. $10<S10 50-
Wheat and Oat. $6 EO09; ¦ Oat. $G@S 50; .Barley
and Oat. $6@S: Alfalfa. $S 50@10 50; Clover. $3 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 DO. .
¦ STRAW-23@42V£c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@,1 23;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 . per barrel for. family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. '
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual, discount to ithe trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25:
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
iVrti 2.%; Buckwheat Flour. ' $1@4 23: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, • $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $r,'S3@S 33;
In sacks, $6 50(38;' Pearl Barley, " $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 EO per 1C0 lbs.
Fbur and Millstuffs.
The demand for 'Wool continues good and the
market is kept well cleaned up. Prices are
firm.
Hops are still nominal, but the new crop will
shortly be on the market, when definite prices
will be established. .
Hides are steady at unchanged prices
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under 1 quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c tor heavy and 9c for light: Stags
e*Ac; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands. 15c-
Sheep3klns, shearlings. 13@30c each: short
Wool, 30@50c each; medium, S0@75c; long
Wool. 80ciij$l each; Horse Hides, salt $2 r.0'.<>
J 75 for large and, $2@2 25 for medium $1 5CiH)
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 30c; fall or medium skins 30c
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
35c. ' . • . • *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4«i@4%c per lb-
No. 2, 3%®4c: grease. ,2%i@:$c.- * '
WOOI — Spring. 1300 or 1901— Humboldt' and
Mtndcclno, 14<815%c; do Lambs", lie per lb-
Middle County, defective. 8@10c; Southern
freo.:7 months, 7iai0c; do, defective. 7 month"
7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. 14©J3c; do. medium
and coarse, ll©13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
«18c: do. fair to good, 9@llc;. Nevada, lOailUc
LtmIs S '? n 7U& Uln ' 6% ® 8^ C: SaD J °^ ia
HOPS— 15@20c" per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hups.
CHICAGO, i Aug. - 20.— Porter - Bros." . Company
sold California .• fruit to-day: Prunes— Gros
single crates, $115<Sl 20, average ' $1 19; Bul
garian,, single, crates, . 75@80«. J average 76c.
Plums— Wickson, single crates, $1 10@l 20, nver
ave, $1 13: Yellow Egg.single crates; S3c(£t$l 05,
average I 53c: Columbia." single 'crates, average
90c; Kelsey. Japan, single crates, average, S5c.
Seven cars. sold. Weather cloudy.
:". NEW: YORK.: Aug. 20.— Porter; Bros. Com
pany sold 'California fruit * to-day: . Pearhps —
Late Crawford3,- boxes,' average- 93c: -Yellow
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 20.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at sale
of California fruit at. auction: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes. $2 70@3 15, average $3 05; half
boxes, $2 13@3 10. average %2 26: Seckel. half
boxes, average $1 35. • Plums— Kelseys. single
crates. S5c<2f$l 30. average $1 23; Yellow Egg.
single crates, 85c@$l 20, . average $1 13.' Prunes
— Sweet German, single crates, $lfi'l 20, aver
age $1 02; Gros, single » crates, : $l@l 90,"aver
age $152. Peaches— Crawford, boxes. 40c©$l 16,
average 75c; . Susquehanna, ' boxes, • 70c@$l 50.
average . 75c ; Wheatland, ¦ boxPS. ,7<X5:S3c aver
age 74c. Grapes— Tokay.', single crates, $2 50(fp
2 75, average S2 65; Muscats, single crates, av
erage $2; Malaga, single crates, average $2 33;
Clusters, 53c@>$l 70. ; average $1 03. '. .: Threrf cars
sold to-day. "Weather hot. • - • . ' ,
BOSTON, Aug. 2O.-The sales of ' California
fruit here to-day by the Earl Fruit Company
realized the following • prices: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes. $J 90@3 30. average $2 95. Peaches
—Late Crawfords, boxes, 65C5T1 50, averago
$1 02; Susquehanna, boxes. 43c@$105,' average
83c; Crawford Clings, boxes, average 75c;
Strawberry Free. '.boxes,.- 90c@$l 10. average
$1 05 ; McDevltt's Cling, boxes, 73c@$l 15. av
erage. 90c; Elberta. boxes. , 80c(ff$l' 13. average
$105. Plums— Kelsey, single crates, $1 15® 1 43.
average $1 28. Prunes— Gros, single crates,
$1 15@1 53. average $1 42. Seven cars sold here
to-day. Unfavorable weather. •¦¦'.'¦¦ ' ' s-.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. $2 35®
2 85. average $2 56 boxes; $1 15@1 50, average
$1 48 half boxes. Prunes— Gros. $1 20@$l 30.
average $1 27 single crates; Silver, 65@75c, aver
age 6Sc single crates; German, 80®90c, average
S2c single crates; Fellenberg. $1 43@1 65. average
$1 47 single crates; Satsuma, S0@90c, average
S4c single crates.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California, fruit: Grapes— Malagas, 85c@
$1 40, average $1 10 single crates; Clusters, aver
age $1 S5 single crates, j ' Plums— Yellow "Egg,
average 75c single crates. Prunes — Gros, 90c@
SI 15, average $1 single crates. Pears-Bartletts,
$2 30® 2 35. average $2 34 boxes. • ; . ,'¦.¦'
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The stock market
was somewhat broader and more active' to-day,
but there was still no evidence of any large
participation in the market by the general
public or by great financial interests . on a
large 6cale. These questionable positions of
the United States Steel stocks and the doubt
ful outlook for the labor situation are still
a drag on the market, although the market for
the United States Steel stocks themselves and
the price movement are narrow. The market
guardians of the stocks show themselves amply
able to take charge of all the stock offered,
cnowing that the company's shares have come
to be closely held. But the supporters of the
stocks are inclined to take profits on holdings
thus acquired' on any advance in price and
they bid up the prices when anything like
an outside demand develops for the stocks.
Under these artificial conditions the movements
of the stock have little significance. The gen
eral list showed a disposition to-day to ignore
the steel stocks. The railroads concerned in
the Northern' Pacific settlements and others
allied by Identical ownership or otherwise re
sumed the leadership of the market, to-day.
This may have been based on a public report
of a prolonged conference yesterday at Bar
Harbor between the three- financiers who con
ducted the Northern Pacific, contest and its
settlement. The Morgan and Harriman roads
were generally affected in sympathy. Includ
ing Illinois Central, Chicago and Alton, South
ern Railway and Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville. The anthracite carriers manifested
some strength and the bituminous coal car
riers made gains although Norfolk and West
ern and Chesapeake and Ohio suffered from
profit-taking. A sharp decrease in earnings of
Norfolk and Western for the second week In
August eoemed to emphasize this disposition
Some large individual blocks of Southern Pa
cific, Union Pacific and St.- Paul were taken
in the last hour and those stocks rose 19i@l%
over last night. The stock market continued
to' show sensitiveness ¦ to developments In the
money and exchange market. A sharp recov
ery In sterling exchange this morning led to
some reaction from the opening strength in
stocks. Offerings of wheat bills were reported
emaller in connection with reports of smaller
seaboard wheat clearances which caused a re
action in the wheat market. But this influence
was largely offset by the. large . receipts on
account of Australian gold deposited at San
Francisco.. The sub- treasury's debit balance
at the clearing-house of $l,S52,S02 was caused
by the receipt of checks against gold on the
Pacific Coast to the amount of $1,400 000 A
further shipment of J2.5CO.000 is on the way
to San Francisco from Sydney. This makes it
evident that the London market will find a
way to meet Its gold obligations to New York
without etress and possibly ' without - actual
shipments of gold. It is to be noted, however,
that United States treasury operations con
tinued to drain the money market, the Gov
ernn-'nfs surplus thus far this month having
reached $1,554,021. while" for the corresponding
period of last year the Government's fiscal
operations showed a deficit of $4,3S1,563. The
market closed rather heavy under the Influence
Of profit-taking on the day's rise.
Railroad bonds continued very dull and with
New York Stock Market.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 113% 4n qr CD (new) 137 133
43 quar reg 113 113% 3s quar coup.. 108% •—
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay C P C 5s.lC6% — Oceanic S3 5s.l02VilO3
Cal-st 5s 117ft— Omnibus C 6s.l3i —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — IOO
Ed Lfe P 6s.l28%133',i Pk & Cl H 63. 108 112%
Fer &. Cl R Ss. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120
H C & S 5%s.lO8',i — Sac E G R 5s. — 97U
Do 5a — — S F & SJV as.123 —
Loa Ang R 5s.US — Sierra Cal 63.. — —
L A Light ta.lOlti — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6S...10O — (1909> H2U —
Do gntd 5s. ..102 — (1910) us?; _
L A & Pac 53.102% — S P of A 63
Do 1 c m 53.123%124tJ (1S03). Ser A.1P3 110
Mkt-st Cab 6b. 127% — 11905). Ser B.110 —
Do lem 5s.l23?il24% U90«) ..,112 112%,
Nev C N G 73.1IT, 114 O912) 12H1 —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Ca! 1st
Do 5s HS^ — c sntd 5S....107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%10» S P Br Cal 63. 13* —
Do 5s 1U6 — S V Water 6s.ll«i —
Nor Cal R 5s. 110 113 Do 4s V02%.
Oak Gas 5s 113 — Do 4s 3d mtgl01?i —
Do Trans 6s.ll9%120 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 03. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 78 76% J Spring Valley. S*'i —
Marln County. 51 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 — 1 Pac Light .... — —
Equitable .... 5 5% Sacramento ... — ' '
Mutual 5% 5%|S F G & E 33 38V.
Oakland 51 52Vi'San Francisco. 4>i 4U
Pac Gas Imp. 34% ¦- I Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 217 ',.
. ¦ BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 7T. 81 L P & A 153 1RO
California ....404 406 Mer Ex (llq) 18 -
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY. Aug. 20-2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business was more active on the Bond Ex
change and on the morning session Giant Pow
der was lower at $75 5O@75 12% and Market
street R. R. at $77 751077 25. There was al3O
more doing in the oil stocks, but at low prices.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric declined to
$CS 23. Spring Valley Water advanced to $83
and Giant Powder to $76.
The Homestake Mining Company has declared
the regular monthly dividend of 25 cents and
an extra dividend of 25 cents, both payable
August 2Sc.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Spring Valley Water. 42c; Central ' Light and
Power, 4c; California Fruit Canners'. 60c;
Txuckee River Oeaeral Electric. 10c; Hutchin
son, 12%c; California Powder. $L
Oil City Petroleum will pay a dividend of
%c. amounting to $2.:..",o. September 2.
The Producers' Savings Bank of Bakersfleld
levied an assessment of $10. delinquent Septem
ber 13; sale day, September 30.
The Standard Con. Mining Co. will pay A
dividend of 10c to-day.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7(S7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels
pure. .lC?ic: 10-lb tins, HVic; 5-lb tins, ll%c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9»«c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb. "erces.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12V6C for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13%c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12; Family
$12 50; prime Mes3 Pork, $15; "extra clear i^*
Mess. 119: Smoked Deef, 14c per lb.
The market shows no further change, being
steadily held, with a fair movement reported.
Provisions.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2O.-Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
from the last account: .
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 862,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase. 800,000 bushels;
total supply, decrease, 62,000 bushels..
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 323,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 927,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS,
Holllster— All crops are doing well.
Hanford— Cool nights; favorable for grain
and fruit.
San Jose — Crawford peaches practically over.
Riverside— Black scale continues to decrease.
Palermo— Weather favorable for drying fruit.
Ventura— Prospects Al for all kinds of beans
eoler good and setting well.
Santa Maria — Grain threshing still continues
with good results. Beans podding well, weath
er beins cool. G. H. WILLSON,
* Assistant Section Director.
«* ...
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 20.
Flour, qr sks 10.33S Broom Corn Mis 347
Wheat, ctls....... 3.370 Wine, gals 6 00ft
Oats, ctls 5,895 Leather, rolls.... 73
Corn, ctls 150 Hay. tons 440
Tallow, ctls 277 Middlings, sks... 535
Pelts, bdls 270 Bran, sks 1 «:»
Hides. No 1.046 Onions, sks 1ZZ
Quicksilver, flsks 49 Potatoes, ska..... S.S97
Wool, bales 106 Sugar, ctls 1,913
Receipts of Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 7% B 9%
Closing 5 7% 5 9%
PARIS. %
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 43 23 25
Closing 22 25 23 10
Flour —
Opening 28 15 29 35
Closing ;.. 27 9i) 29 10
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady, creameries. 14@20 1 /4c; r dalr
ies. 13®17c. Cheese, 9%@lC9;c. Eggs, • easy;
fresh, 14c.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. ,
OATS — There is a brisk demand for local
use. Government account and speculation, and
lf J a- railroad rate could be obtained there
would be a lively movement to the West and
Southwest. ' Prices are somewhat higher and
very firm, and assortments are increased by
the appearance of white and gray descriptions.
The grays are Belling, to arrive at $11054120,
and whites are quoted at $1 15@1 35. Black, $1
<gl 10. and Red. fl 05@l 20 per ctl. ,
• CORN — The only news from the West 'was
o- wire from Des Moines. reporting damage to
late Corn, by continued hot and dry weather.
The Chicago market was off lc. This market
was dull and unchanged. Small round Yel
low. Jl 75; Eastern Yellow, $1 62%@1 63; White,
$1 70(??l 75 per c.tl : mixed. $1 S0(&l 55.
RYE — Very quiet at 75@7"Vac per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands. ,.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. ?1 01%. . ¦ . •
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls. $1 Ol'S.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls,»n 01%.
Afternoon Session— December— 10,000 ctls,
noi%. . ¦
BARLEY — The market has not changed for
several weeks. The spot market is dull, .with
light offerings, but buyers are paying more in
the country than they are here. No rate has
yet been secured' from the railroads whereby
shipments can be made to the West and South
west from this part of the State, though Los
Angeles Ghlppers are reported to be shipping
right along. - -
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%(S83c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES
- Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — ' ¦ $4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables :... — 1V2
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ¦. 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 37s 6d@
3Ss 9d, usual options, with a large carrier char
tered at the inside rate. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a resistered tonnage of 66,230,
against S3.330 on the same date last year; dis
engaged. 5657 tons, against 15,920; on the way
to this t port- 223,978 tons, against 169,280.
WHEAT— The French markets were lower
and Antwerp was also weaker.
Chicago opened quiet and steady, but de
clined from "lWc to 697£c. The selling of
Corn weakened Wheat. There was also large
liquidation of both domestic and foreign hold
ings, and it was reported that all important
holdings were thrown over. Clearances of
Wheat and Flour were 'less than 1,000,000 bush
els. Long Wheat came out and. some export
ers resold. Bradstreet's gave the stocks on
hand as follows: East of the Rockies, a de
crease of 846.000 bushels: Europe and afloat, an
increase, of 800,000,. making a net decrease of
46, COO bushels.
This market was several fractions lower en
call, but unchanged on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; millings, %V&
1 02% per ctl.
Quotations for Raisins are dropped, as the
crop has been cleaned out of first hands. No
body expected this a month ago, and it shows
the remarkable demand for dried fruits this
year. Prunes are also being rapidly worked
off and will probably be well cleaned up by the
time the new crop is on the market.
Other fruits are stiff, with a continued de
irand, and another advance in Apples Is .noted.
This fruit Is scarce all over the world this
year and all other dried fruits will sell better
than usual in consequence. Nuts are steady.
The deir.and for Honey Is fair at steady prices.
A good many changes In prices will be seen
below. The tendency In all fruits Is upward.
FRUITS— Apricots, S@10c for new Royals and
?ifil4%c for standard to fancy Moorparks: new
Evaporated Apples, 7@Sc; sundried, 3@4c;
new Peachfs, 6<ff8c for future delivery: new
Pears, 5%@9c; Flums. pitted, 4@5c; unpltted. I
@l%c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red and 5@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3\ic for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Are cleaned and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 soCtshell. 12P12^c:
No. 2. SSSVac; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%e; No. 2.
6%@7%e: Almonds. 13@14c for papershell. 10>ui
lie for softshell and JS6c for hardshell:- Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12V>c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50<$5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber: water white extracted, 5%
®6c; li£ht amber extracted, 4y.«Joc; dark, 4©
4Hc ¦ ' .
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Cash quotations were a« follows: Flour, quiet;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68<p69%c; No. 2 red. 70%©
71c; No. 2 corn, 57%c;.No. 2 yellow-, 57%WoSc;
No. 2 oats. 35»4@36%c; No. 2 white, 38@3S%c;
No. 3 white, 37%@38%c; No. 2 rye, 58<S5S%c;
fair to choice malting barley, 63c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 61; No. 1 Northwestern, • $1 65; prime
timothy seed, $3 40; mess pork,' per barrel,
$14 2o@14 30; lard, per 1C0 pounds. $8 80@S 82%;
short ribs sides, (loose). $8 05@8 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). . 7ViS7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $S 70@8 80; clover, contract grade, $10
010 25. - . -
Eureka. £8; Mount Tamalpais. 71; Inde
pendence, £8; Red Bluff. SO; Fresno. »i; Los
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. AUK. 20. .'6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Frequent rain,
with thunderstorms and occasional hall, oc
curred in the mountain sections. Considerable
datr.ere in Redlands district to orchards, .fruits
and flume?. Harvesting peaches, plums and
pears; crop generally light, quality- good.
ET'REKA SUMMARY.— Heavy fogs were
beneScial to all crops near coast; but high
temperatures continue ia the interior. Fruit
is ripeninjj rapidly. Rain is ' much needed.
Oat thrashing in progress; an average crop
is practically assured. ¦ .
Warra weather has continued during the
week, with cool, foggy nights and mornings.
Grapes are ripening rapidly and will yield a
fclr crc.p. Thei-o is a good crop of late peaches.
Melons are plentiful and of excellent quality.
Walnuts are locking well and are said to be
past danger; the yield wijl be about the same
bs last year. Citrus fruits are in good con
dition. Large shipments of lemons are being
xn&de from San Diego. There is a large yield
of honey, superior in quality. Barley is poor
in quality, but a fair yield. Sugar beets and
vegetables are doing well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Very warm end sultry weather prevailed dur
ing the week, the first portion being clear and
the latter generally cloudy. Light sprinkles
cf rain fell Thursday night and Friday morn
ing over a greater portion of the valley, but
the precipitation was too light to cause any
damas". The grain harvert is about com
pleted in all sections and the yield and quality
have been good. Deciduous fruits are ripening
very fast and the canneries and dryers are in
full operation. Large chipments of green fruit
continue to Eastern markets and of melons to
the Northwest. The melon crop 1* large and
of excellent quality. Sweet potatoes are mak
ing excellent progress, with Indications of a
lanre crcl>. Grapes are doing nicely; the earlier
varieties are being marketed and some shipped
to Eastern markets. Water continues plentiful
nnd stock of all kinds are Jn good condition.
Farmers are busy preparing for fall work.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
Warra days, cool nights and foggy mornings
have continued during the week and conditions
bave been favorable for all crops. Harvesting,
thrashing and hay baling are progressing. In
some cf the northern counties wheat and bar
ley are reported light crops, but in the central
nnd southern counties the yield is better and
nearly average in Bcme places. Hops have
made rapid growth and are in excellent con
cition: picking will begin seen. Beets, corn
end potatoes are doing well. Fruit trees are
in pood condition. Gripes continue thrifty and
in some sections good crops will be gathered.
Th*> fieciducus: fruit crop in the Santa Ciara
Valley is much below average, but moEt of
the fruit is of good quality. Late fruits are
ripening rapidly. Prunes are turning out bet
ter than expected In Sonoma County.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS
High temperatures have continued during the
week a~d conditions have been favorable for
farm work. Fruit picking and curing have
progressed rapidly and large shipments of
fresh fruit have been made to Eastern markets.
Grapes have been considerably injured by heat
in some Eections, while in others little damage
has been done, owing to heavy foliage on the
vines. In many places the grape crop will be
tight, as a result of too close pruning and late
Fpring: frosts. Hop picking is progressing and
an average crop of excellent quality is being
Fathered. Grain -harvest is nearly completed;
m-heat and barley have yielded excellent crops.
Sugar beet harvest continues. Corn and veg
etables are doing well. Almond picking has
commenced.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Grain harvest continues in many sections
and thrashing is in progress. There are large
quantities of unthrashed wheat and barley and
unbaled hay in sections where thrashers and
balers are yet unobtainable, and there is «ome
danger that these crops may be seriously in
jured by early rain?. Nearly all sections ex
cept Southern California and portions of the
northern coast counties report heavy crops of
•wheat, barley and hay, all of superior quality.
Hop picking is progressing in many places;
the yield is about average and the quality
excellent. Sugar beet harvest continues in the
Sacramento Valley. Beans, corn and vege
tables are in good condition. There are no
further reports of injury to grapes by heat
and it is believed the damage done was not
terious. The late spring frosts, however,
caused considerable damage, and in many
places the yield will be below average: the
quahty of the grapes is reported excellent.
Late fruits are ripening rapidly and large
Fhipments are being made to Eastern markets.
Prunes are yielding much better crops than
•was expected in some sections. Melons are
abundant and of g-ood quality. Citrus fruits
and walnuts are doing well. Almond picking
t&s commenced in Solano County. - ' -
High temperatures have continued in the in
terior, with warm days and cool, foggy nights
elong the coast. Light sprinkles of rain have
fallen In some sections, and thunderstorms
with h»a.vy rain and hall have occurred in the
mountain districts.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G.- McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop section of the
¦weather bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Bccton. 70-60; Kansas City. 92-70; Washing
ton, SS-74: Cincinnati, 84-70; Philadelphia, 82-72;
New York, 76-68; Jacksonville, 88-72.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; liffht west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday,
except fopgy in the morning; fresh southwest
wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, except
foggy along the coast in the morning; light
west wind.
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
foggy along the ccast in the morning; fresh
southwest wind. , . .. ,
Conditions are favorable for fair 'weather,
with fog alone the coast in California Wed
nesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 21, 1901: ' -
Generally cloudy weather prevails over
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Northern
Utah, with scattered thunderstorms In the
Rocky Mountain region; elsewhere on the Pa
cific Slope the weather is clear.
The changes in pressure and temperature are
slight in all districts.
In the interior of California the temperature
is sl!ghtly below the normal.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
LONDON. Aug. 20.— Consols. 94%; silver,
27 l-16d; French rentes, lOlf 70c. Wheat-car
goes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 29s 4%d; cargoes "Walla
Walla. 29s 3d: English country markets, . quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 20.-:Wheat quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s(3'6s ,%d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, partly cheaper; weather in Eng
land, fine and warm.
. COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16d.
Foreign Markets.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 51 degrees.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 20.— Wheat— Quiet; Blue
stem, 5Sc; Club, 57c.
PORTLAND. Aug. 20.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
57c; Bluestem, 58%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 20.— Clearings, $3G9,
913; balances, $94,129.
PEACHES— 30<SJ75c per box and 20®30c per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $300
45 for Clings: Peaches in carriers. 75@90c. ac
cording to size of carrier.
NECTARINES— White. 40<g50c per box; Red,
40@75c.
PEARS— Bartletts, 75c@$l 25 per box for No.
1. 25® 50c for No. 2 and $30® 33 per ton; other
Pears. 2i<@3.'>c per box.
QUINCES— 50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3®5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3(55 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $6.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
FIGS— Black. 50c p*r box for_small and 6jc@
$1 for large boxes; White. 33®. oc.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 13@60c per box; Canta
loupeS, 25c@$l per crate; Watermelons. $5@2a
P< GRAPES— Fontainebleau and Sweetwater. 50c
®$1 25 per box and crate: Tokay. 75«90c per
crate- Muscat 65c«?$l; Seedless, 85c@$l 23:
Black. 60c^$l: Isabella. 85c. .'_„, T
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 .>0©4; Lemons.
fl®2 25 for common and $2 50<fi3 50 for good
to choice: Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes. $<5@7: Bananas. 73c®?2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
APPLES — 75c®$l per box for good to chclco
and 30@60c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 50c@$l 23 per box. according
to package.
PLUMS— 23<g60c per box; Prunes, 40@75c per
crate; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton; Egg
Plums. $10@20.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The canners were In the market for Peaches.
Pears and Plums yesterday, and bought more
than for some time past.
Choice Peaches, Bartlett Pears and German
Prunes are wanted for shipment and are firm.
Figs continue in light supply, and there are not
many Nectarines offering. Apples are steady
with fair .supplies. Berries are rather firm
than otherwise.
Limes are lower, under arrivals of 547 boxes.
There are plenty of Lemons here, but Oranges
are in light supply. Two cars of Valencias
will be auctioned to-day.
Melons continue dull, owing to the cool
weather. Grapes rule steady with moderate
supplies.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— September wheat opened
a shade to %@%c higher, at 70%@71%c, on a
small amount of buying occasioned by steady
cables from Liverpool and reiteration of re
ports claiming serious damage in Russia. These
influences lasted only a few minutes and there
after the tone of the- market was weak. Heavy
receipts r.nd a failing off In seaboard clearances
were influential. A feature was selling for the
Northwest account against purchases of new
spring wheat. The market, during the fore
noon, dropped to 69%c. where it steadied on the
cessation of selling, but the close was weak,
1%@1%c lower, at 70c.
Corn had a firm opening, but soon fell into
line with wheat. Reports of recent rains were
a bear, factor. September closed ?»c lower than
yesterday, at 57%c. '
Oats were sold liberally in sympathy with
corn. September closed %c lower, at 33%c.
" Holders of provisions, . influenced by the
downward course of grain prices, loosened their
grip" freely during the session and the result
was a low level of values. The market at no
time showed any strength. January pork closed
25c lower, lard 12%@15c lower and ribs 15c de
pressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
"Raisins, which advanced yesterday, are
quiet to-day at the advance. There is some
Inquiry, but no transactions of importance are
reported. All stocks are firmly held and con
cessions are refused. In other lines previous
conditions prevailed."
"Currents are held very firm, but no increase
¦was reported yesterday. Sales are small,
though there is mors inquiry apparently and
the feeling in the trade is quite satisfactory.
Cables report the sitvation en the other side
cs substantially unchanged. The outlooTt fa
vors a good crop of good quality fruit.
"The prune situation is unchanged. Condi
tions do not cause a very large movement in
any 6ize, but some business In 40-60s is noted
at about previous figures. It Is eaid that
prices on futures are likely to open at 3%c,
but it Is unknown whether that statement is
true or not. The impression seems to be gain-
Ing adherents in the trade, but so far as
known no one has any authority to make the
statement.
Hall advices from New Ycrk say: "All va
rieties of dried fruits are practically un
changed from previous reports. There is a
<juiet buying interest in almost all varieties of
epot goods, but interest in rutures is ap
parently increasing. Conditions are not par
ticularly unfavorable to the trade, ¦ but there is
little movement of any kind at the moment.
Apricots form the only real exception" to this
statement. There has been an advance during
the past week amounting to about lc per
round on futures, which are still firmly held.
E&les of a number of cars are reported on the
coast at present prices. Holders are not
anxious sellers at the present rate and refuse
to consider any redaction in quotations.
Dried Fruit in Nr<u York.
Angeles, 90; Sacramento, 78; San Luis Obispo,
74; San Die^o, 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 51; mean, 54.
A shipping demand for Eggs is reported, but
it is of email volume. Some dealers are not
affected by It and . report increasing supplies,
and an ea#y market, due to the presence of
cold storage and Eastern stock, while others
report stocks smaller and the market steady.
Cheese continues firm. Butter is firm, and a
fractional advance is being obtained. Offerings
are moderate.
Receipts were 12,700 pounds of Butter. 3S0
cases of Eggs, 49C0 pounds of California Cheese
and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22%&23%c for seconds; dairy, 17@21c; store
Butter, 15(S16c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 10® lie: old, nominal; Young
Americas. ll(gll%c per lb; Eastern. 13@13c.
EGGS— Ranch. 22@25c for good to fancy;
store. 15(&2Oc per dozen; Eastern, 13@20c.
Barter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000, including 150 Texans and 1000 Westerns;
market generally about. steady. Good to prime
steers, $5 40@6 40; poor to medium, $3 75@5 35;
stockers.and feeders, firm, J2 25@4 40; cows,
$2 50@4 35; hewers', $2 50@5 20; canners', ?1 50Q.
2 40; bulls, $2 25(ffi4 40; calves, weak. $3@5 50,
Texas steers. $4@5 10; Texas grass steers, $3 50
@3 75; Western steers, $4 10@5 10. -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
33,000; left over, estimated, 60CU head; market
closed weak. Top. $6 30; mixed. and butchers',
$5 62%@6 23; good to choice heavy. $5 75@6 3u;
rough heavy, $3 60©r> 70; light, $5 60@6 05; bulk
of sales, ?5 9P@6 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000; sheep, about steady;
lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers. $3 25@
3 90; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 40; Western
eheep, $3 15(R3 40; yearlings, slow, $3 25@4 10;
native lambs, $3@5 25 * Western lambs, $3 40®
5 15.
¦ ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 4CC0; market mostly 5@10c lower. Texas
and Westerns, $2 75(S3 70; cows and. heifers,
$1 25@4 90; bulls and stags, $2@4 25; stockers
and feeders, $2@4; veals, $2 23@5 25. .
, HOGS— Receipts. 900C: market steady. Light
and light mixed, $3 75<g6 20; pigs, $3@5 15; bulk,
$5 90®6 12%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 443; market firm. Top,
native lambs, $5. .
Eastern Livestock Markets.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Cotton futures opened
quiet, with prices 1 point lower and " closed
easy with prices net 7@8 points higher.
Ne'iv York Cotton Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S®9c for Gobblers
and 10<512c for Hens; Geese, per Pair, J 1 25®
1 50; G'oslings. $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $2 oO®3 for
old and *3@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 S0e4; youn?
Roosters. $5@6 50; old Roosters. $3 5C@4; Fry
ers, $4; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2
@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50<@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 2a@l 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare, $1®
1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1®
1 25 for Brush.
Prices for Poultry show little change, but
large young stock is meeting with a fair de
mand. Hens and old Roosters are dull.
Poultry and Game.
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.30c: Pow
dered. 5.13c: Candy Granulated. 5.13c; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A, 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated. 4.95c; Mag
nolia A. 4.63c; Extra C. 4.53c; Golden C. 4.45c;
barrels, ldrr more; half-barre!3, 23c more; boxes,
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less, than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels. 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $1S^19; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $1S@19; Lath, 4 feet. $3 90<34: Pick
ets. $20; Shingles. $2 for common and $2 75 for
fancy: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn;
Rustic, $23® 29.
SALT— H. R. H. Is higher at $2S@25 per ton Jn
large sacks and $24 in 50' s. Liverpool is
cleaned up and nominal at $15 25@20 for the
best and $16@18 50 for lower grades. Higglns'.
$27 50(930 per ton.
'QUICKSILVER— $46 50® 47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar - Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%<9
8c per lb; White Lead, 7!i@Sc, according "to
quantity.
OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases No 1
70c: pure. $1 22; Linseed Oil. In barrels' boiled!
84c; raw, 82c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 55«372c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot OH. bar
rels. 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white-. 40,@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, In barrels, 37%c; cases 42' c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil." In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene 21c
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 13c; In
cases, 2lc; Benzine. In bulk, 14c; in cases 20c-
S6-degre» Gasoline, in bulk. 2Cc; In cases 26c"
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases' and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@32c per lb: Sola
Leather, medium, 26<@3Cc: Sole Leather, light.
25@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27328c; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c: Harness Leather, heavy
3fc@39c for No. 1 and 30iS33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30@37c: Harness Leather
light. 29<g25c; Skirting, 36@40c; Collar Leather
15<§16c per foot: Kip. unfinished, 4C@50c per
lb; Veal, finished. 16017c per. foot: Belt Knife
Splits, 14$*lSc; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb
TANBARK- Ground. $:6@2S per ton; Stick
$1S(S2O per cord.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13@13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; ll@12c for prims
washed; 10@10%c for good washed; 10%@12c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9® 10c for fair
to prime peaberry; 9@10c for good to prime;
7»4@8c for fair; 5%@6%c for common to ordi
nary/ Salvador— 11%@12J2C for strictly prims
washed; 8%@llc for good to prime washed; 7%
@S%c for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 7%®8%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 7%@8c for superior un
washed; 7%@7%c for good green unwashed; 8%
<B9c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
5U@6%c for common to ordinary. Nicaragua—
ll@13c for prime to fancy washed; 8@10%c for
fair to strictly good washed; 7@7V»c for good to
superior unwashed; 8%@S%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
ll@14c for prime to' fancy washed; 9%@10%e
for strictly good washed; 9@9%c for good
washed; 7%@8%c for fair washed; 6%@7%c for
medium; 5@6%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10^
ll%c for good to prime washed peaberry; 8%0
9c for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%9
7%c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. per lb, 5c;
cases, regular, 5%c; cases, extra large, 5%c;
cases. Eastern style. 6%c; Boneless, 6%c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 7c; "Silver
King," 7%c; Blocks, "Seabright," 7%c;
Tablets, 8c; Middles, "Golden State," 7%c; Mid
dles, "White Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes Fancy Bone
less, 9c;. 2-lb boxes Fancy Boneless, 7%@8c;
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. bar
rels, each, $7 50; Pickled Cod, hair-barrel3,
each, ft 50.
CORDAGE — The local cordase company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12%c per lb;
Sisal size, 9%c; Bale Rope, »c; Duplex. 8%c.
Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc Ie3s.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; "Seattle, $7; Bryant, $t>50; Coo*
Bay, $J 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
end. S'j; Cumberland, Us 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Kooky Mountain descriptions, $3 43
per 20U0 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to.
brand.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Cannera quote as follows, in i'.j-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 lotfl 55; Apricots, $l@i 5o; CnerrU*,
black, $1 5u<&2; do, white, $1 au@.'; do, Koyui
Anne, $1 6U4»2 15; Peaches, yellow, $1 20@l 89;
do. Lemon Cling, $1 30® 1 75; Bar tie tt Pears.
}1 25@1 75; Plums, y'jc&jl 25; Nectarines, nii>
1 50; Muscat Grapes. 95c@$l 35; Quinces, j>l luy>
1 53; Strawberries, $1 30@l 75; Raspberries, }1 J5
@2; Blackberries, $1 30(&l 60.
GRAIN BAGS — The market Is quiet and
rather easy than otherwise. Calcutta Grain
Bags, 7%@3c; local make. %c less than Calcut
tas; Wool Bag3, 32(&\Joc; Fieece Twine. iVa&jc;
Fruit Bags, 5;i<£6c xor cotton and SUxfS^u far
Jute.
General Merchandise.
-There was no material change ¦ in the mar
ket for evaporated apples to-day. Demand
continues fair and prices arc "well held, but
not quotably changed. State common to good,
5@7c; prime, 7%@Sc; choice. 8%c; fancy, 9c.
California dried fruits ruled inactive and
barely steady at nominally unchanged prices.
. PRUNES— 3%@7c. •¦ •
* APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, S@12e.
I PEACHES— Peeled. ll&ISc: unpeeled, 6&9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
: NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,509 barrels; exports, 5000 barrels; weak and
a shade lower. Winter patents, $3 60@3 85; do
straights, | $3 30@3 40; Minnesota patents, $3 75
®~4; winter extras, $2 50<g2 SO. '}
. WHEAT— Receipts, 129,300 bushels; spot was
weaker. No. 2 red, 77%"c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 2
red, 77%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
78%e f. o. b. ' afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 86%c
f . o. b. afloat. Options ruled weak about all
day and were active uniler forced liquidation,
short selling, email clearances and big re
ceipts, foreign soiling and lower French cables.
Closed weak at l@l%c net loss. September.
759i©76 13-16e. closed at"75%c; October. 75%@
76 9-16c. closed 76c; December, 77%@7S%c, closed
77%c.
HQPS-Quiet. .'
HIDES— Steady. ' ¦ ~
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice, 5%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures closed
net unchanged to 5 points lower. Total sales,
7500 bags, Including: September, 4.85c; Octo
ber, 4.90c; December, 5.10c; March, 5.30c; July,
B.55@5.60c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet. Fair refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3 3-16c.
Refined, quiet. > ' "
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,900 packages;' steady,
rtate dairy, 14@lSc; creamery, 16@20%c; June
packed • factory, ,14%@15%c; imitation cream
ery, 14@17%c. • .
EGGS— Receipts'. 9000 packages; strong. West
ern candled, 16@1.7%c; do uncandled, 10<g;i6%c.
Silver higher. Exchange, unchanged.
Wheat easier. Barley as before. i
Oats in active demand and higher. Corn and Rye quiet.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay steady.
Shipping demand for Beans subsided.
Potatoes and' Onions still moving outward liberally.
Vegetables in good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about the same. » ;
Poultry market sufficiently supplied and quiet.
Good demand for Peaches, Pears and German Prunes.
Melons dull, Grapes selling well. :
Two cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day. j
Raisin crop all cleaned up and Prunes cleaning up.
Continued demand for Dried Fruits. Evaporated Apples higher.
Provisions zvell held, but not over active.
Wool in steady demand and well cleaned up.
No change in Meat quotations. . . .
Grain Bags quieter and easy.
More activity on the stock exchanges.
Salt in light supply and higher. ,
Mexican Limes lozver.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
$l°54?000 ?ment °' El&n!flcance - Total sales,'
th^ n j f^d States bonds were all unchanged on
NEW 'YORK STOCK LIST.
At S '°. ck! - Sales. Hlrh. Low. Close.
A , tchson 37,100 76% 75% 76
Atchison prefd .....;....• 3.100 96%" 95% .9614
Baltimore & Ohio 1,400 ' 98V4 97% ' 98
Baltimore & Ohio prefd • 400 92 '92 91 -
Canada Southern 600 70% 69% 70%
Chesapeake & Ohio...... 5,300 '47% 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton 5,600 S9% 37% 3b%
Chicago & Alton prefd.. . 200
JS 1 . 1 ' , l! !. d & Louis D -i°° 3914 09"- 39"
Chi, Ind & Louis prefd.. 600 73 . 7**4 . 7«
Chi & East Illinois 128U
Chi & Great W A prefd v '.I'.'. &%
Chi & Great W B prefd .... . 46%
Chi & Northwestern .... 190
Chi, Rock Island & Pac 1,300 143Vi 142*' 142%
Chi Term & Trans 100 . 18% 1S% 1SV4
Chi Term & Trans prefd 300 38 -37^ 3S
£' - C> 9 & o St Louls Llo ° 90 % 90^8 9°%
Coicrado Southern 100 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st prefd .... 53%
Colo Southern 2nd prefd 300 23Vi 23 23
Del & Hudson 2,200 163*4 : 162 163%
Del, Lack & West ..;. .... 225
Den & Rio Grande . 4'
Den & Rio Grande prefd 20) 81^ 9U4 . 81%
£rie 16.200 39^4 38% 39
Erie 1st prefd •.. 1,200 66V4 66 66
Erie 2nd prefd 1.200 52% 51% bVA
Great Northern prefd.. 3,400 183 181% 182
Hocking Valley 600 £3% 53 63%
Hocking Valley prefd ... 75
Illinois Central 1,100 145% 144% . 144%
Iowa Central 500 39% 39 39
Iowa Central prefd 100 75 75 74%
Lake Erie & West 61
Lake Erie & West prefd 126
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,600 104M, 103% 103%
Manhattan L ............ 3.900 118% 117% 118%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,400 168U 166% 166%
Mexican Centra! S00 ?5% 25*4 25%
Mexican National 9,600 11% 11% 11%
Minn & St Louis «... / „ 107%
Missouri Pacific 4,400 102U W1Y> 102
Missouri, K & T - 500 27% 26% 27
Missouri, K & T prefd.. CCO 55% 54%' ' 55,
New York Central 2.900 154% 153% 154
New Ycrk Central 2.9C0 57% 55% 55%
Norfolk &. West .'. 23.200 57'/i 55% 55%
Norfolk & West prefd .... 89
Northern Pacific prefd. ICO 97 ¦ 97 97
Ontario & Western 7.S00 Si% 33% 34%
Pennsylvania 8.100 145% 144% 145%
P C C & St L 70 •
Reading E.100 43 42% . 42%
Reading 1st prsfd 5,400 7S% 7S 78%
Reading 2nd prefd 3,500 f3% B2H 53%
St L & Pan Fran 500 41 41 40%
St L & San F 1st prefd 78
St L & San F 2nd prefd 200 68% 68% 68%
St Louis Southwestern.. ' 100 2S" 29 ,29
St L Southwest prefd .62
St P£>ul 36.500 166% 165% 166,
St Paul prefd 10O 189% 189^ 1S8
Southern Pacific 49,900 58% 56V-> 57%
Southern Railway 37,800 32% 31% 22%
Southern Railway prefd 7,300 37% 86% S6%
Texjs & Pacific 2,000 42% 42% 42',i
Toledo, St L & West 20
Toledo. St L & W prefd 33%
Union Pacific 31,300 99% 9S% S9%
Union Pacific pfd 1,300 90V, 90 90%
Wabash 6O0 21% 21'i 21%
Wabash pfd 3,200 39Ts 39% 33%
"Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 100 19% 19% 18%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 100 32% 32% 31%
Wisconsin Central 400 20% 20% 2O'/>
Wisconsin Central pfd 42 "
Express Companies —
Adams 175
American '. .' .... 193
United States S7
Wells Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 1,100 116 115U 11514
American Car & F 9C0 29% 29% 29%
American Car & F pfd.. , 200 85 85 84%
American Linseed Oil 21%
American Linseed O pfd 100 £0% ' 60% 6oii
Amer Smelting & R 1,100 52% 52 52
Amer Smelting & R pfd 101
American Tobacco 500 134% 134% 134%
Anaconda Mining Co... 1,100 45% 43U 43%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6,000 75V4 74% 74 7 i
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 200 95 95 95 "
Consolidated Gas 400 223% 223 22S',i
Continental Tobacco.... 400 67% 67% 67 vj
Continental Tob pfd 116%
General Electric 263"
Glucose Sugar 100 53% 55% 55
Hocking Coal 19
International Paper , .... 22
International Paper pfd .... 76
International Power .... 500 93 92% 92%
Laclede Gas 87'
National Biscuit 5D0 43% 4?.% 43%
National Lead ¦ „ 20%
National Salt 100 . 42% 42% 42%
National Salt pfd 751,4.
North American 98
Pacific Coast 66
Pacific Mail 800 41% 40% '41
People's .Gas. 2.00A 113% 112% 112';
Pressed Steel Car 103 4H4 41% 41%.
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 300 81% 83 84*
Pullman Palace Car ...'. .... 207
Republic Steel 2,400 21 20% ' 20y,
Republic Steel pfd • 300 75% 7V4 . 7a"
Sugar ."U00 134 132% 133V,
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 1,700 63% 62% 62%
Union Bag & P Co 600 17 16V£ 17
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 103 74 74 72
United States Leather.. 500 13% 13% 1314
U S Leather pfd 1,100 81U SI SOU
United States Rubber.. 203 18 18 18
U S Rubber prefd 56
United States Steel.... 22.200 42% 4\% 41%
U S Steel pfd 4.000 93% 92% . 92jJ
Total sales. 441.300 shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. 121
Do coup 107% Nor Pacific 3s 7P>;
. U S 3s reg .....10SU Do 4s 104^
Do coup ...' lOSU N Y C & St L 4s.-.106%
U S new 4s. reg. .137 Nor & AV con 4s. ..101%
Do coup ( 137 Or Navlgatn lsts.110
U S old 4s reg 113 Do 4s ion;
Do coup 113 Or Short Line 6s. .128%
U S 5s reg 107% Do con 5s 117%
Do coup 107^i Read Gen 4s.: 95%
Dlst of Col 3.63s. ..124 R G W lsts. ...... .101%
Atch gen 4s 103% S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
Do adjust 4s 97% S L & S F gen 6s. 125
Canada So 2nds 109 St Paul con..... 1S4
Ches & Ohio 4V4S..1OS St P C & P.lsts...lln
Do os 121 Do 5s 116%
Chi & NW con 7s. 137 So Pacific 4s.. 91%
Chi Terminal 4s... 94% So Railway 5s 116%
Colo So 4s S7 Stan R & T 6s 55
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pacific lsts.HS%
Erie gen 4s 87VA Do 2nds 98ii
Ft W & D C lsts.104 Union Pacific 4s. .105 "
Gen Electric Es 200 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Central lsts. 115% Do 2nds no
L & N unified 4s...l01'-i West Shore 4s... li'ti
M K & T 2nds..... SO$; Wis Cent lsts 87^1
Do 4s 98 Vir centuries 9414
N Y Cent lsts 10i%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2.i!Little Chief......... 12
Alice 45'Ontario ...8 00
Breece 1 40 Ophir 7()
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosl' 05
Con Cal & Va 1 SOlSavage 03
Deadwood Terra 60 Sierra Nevada -10
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver 59 Standard 3 00
Leadville Con....:.. 06 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .' Westing Electric.'. 70
Call loans ZWito Bonds —
Time loans... 4g3 Atchinson 43 102
Stocks— N E G& C 5s 55
A T & S F 76 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 96% Adventure ' 27U
Amer Sugar 133^j Blng Min Co. '..:...- AVA
Amer Telephone... 161 Amal Copper....... 115^4
Boston & Albany.,257 Atlantic 37
Boston Elevated... 178 Calumet & Hecla..745
Boston & Maine. ..192% Centennial ..; 29
Dominion Coal 34% Franklin m
Do prefd 115>,4 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 41% Osceloa 100%
Do prefd 91% Parrot 51%
Fltchburg prefd.. ..146 Quincy 170 "
Mex Central 25% Santa Fe Copper... 7%
N E Gas & Coke.. 6 . Tamarack -.348 ¦
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining ...... 23
Old Dominion 31% Wlnona 2%
Union Pacific 99 Wolverines 65
West End 96% 1
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Although there wa3 a complete dearth of busi
ness here to-day the tone of the stock market
was steady, the investment shares especially
hardening on yesterday's gold arrivals. Lon
don, in the early trading, attempted ¦; to ad
vance American shares, but there was no
stamina in the effort and they relapsed to
parity at the New York opening. There wa3
a small inquiry for Norfolk and Western,
Southern Pacific, St.. Paul and Union Pacific,
causing a firm close. I
' CLOSING.
Anaconda, 9%; Atchison, 77%; Canadian Pa
cific, 114; Denver and Rio Grande, 43%; Denver
and Rio Grande preferred, 94%; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 96%; Southern Pacific, 58%;
1 Union . Pacific preferred, 92>£. Bar -' silver,
steady, 27 l-16d. Money, 1% per cent.' \ '
New York Money Market.
NEW , YORK, ' Aug. 20. — Money on call closed
steady at 2®3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling
exchange is strong, with Factual business in
bankers" bills at $4 86%@4 87 for demand and
at $4 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85@4 88;
cemmercial ¦ bills, $4 S3%@>4 84%. Bar silver,
58%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c. Bonds—Govern
ments, steady;. States, Inactive; railroads,
steady.
Condition- of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $176,014,851; gold, $102,839,741.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Aug. 20.— The . demand in the wool
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Again the local metal
market was a slow 'one. Prices were without
material change and largely nominal I in the
absence .r>f orders in either direction! The
close on tin was dull at $26 55, showing ¦ a
slight loss. Tin in London was somewhat un
settled, closing weak and unchanged at £115
17s 6d for spot and £111 7s 6d for futures. ]
Copper was nominally unchanged here at
16 1 /4®17c for lake and 16%<gl6%c for casting,
while in London value3 were 5s up, to £6U
lls 3d for spot and £67 2s 6d for futures. .
Lead was dull at $4 37% here, while . a net
gain of Is 3d was reported in . London, spot
there closing at £11 lls 3d.
-Spelter holds steady . in local circles at yes
terday's advance, at $3 92V^@3 97 l /4, being quiet
and' unchanged in London" at £17 2s.
Domestic iron markets were inactive and nom
inally unchanged: Pigiron warrants, $9(5)10; Nc.
1 Northern foundry, $15@15 50; No. 2 Southern
foundry. ¦ $14@14 50 ; I No. 1 Souttiern foundry.
$14 75@15 25; No. 1 Southern f oundry, . sof t, $14 '<5
@15 25.
Glasgow warrants closed at 54s 2d and Mid
dlesboro at 46s l%d. -.'...- : ¦ C. . :
New York Metal Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The flrmnes%.ln Potatoes continues, and every
day or so prices creep up a little. The ship
ping demand continues. Another carof Merced
Sweets will be offered to-day. Onions are firm
and in good demand for shipment.
There is little change in Vegetables. Peppers,
Esff Plant Cucumbers and Summer Squash are
still in large supply and weak, while Tomatoes
and Corn are steady. „ ,:_, „
POTATOES — $1 lOigl 25 in sacks and Jl «0©l •>.»
in boxes for Burbanks. $1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and ?1«1 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$130@150; sweets. ¦ lUSUsc per lb for Rivera
and l%c for new Merced. ¦ „...*-/
ONIOXS— Yellow. 85@9Cc per ct!; Pickle On-
O VEGETABLE r s^-Green* Peas, l%@2c; String
Bean?. lS2Hc; Limas. 2@3c; Cabbage 3o® 40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river. 7oc@»l: from
Alameda. $1®1 25; Dried Peppers. 10@12V 2 c.
Green Okra. 40@60c per box: Carrots. 2j@3oc per
pack: Cucumbers. Bay. 15@23c; Pickles. IV* @
lHc per lb for small and lc for large: Garlc.
2@3c: Green Peppers. 25@40c per box for Chile
and 23@S0c for Bell; Egg Plant, 2o«o0c per box.
Green Corn. 40@75c per sack; Alameda. ioC^P
91 25 per crate: Berkeley, 15c: Summer fequash.
large boxes. 20@35c; New Marrowfat Squash,
$15^20 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Free, boxes, i average 70c; : Strawberry Clings,
boxes, average 70c; Or&nge Cling, boxes,<aver
age $1 25; Lemon Cling, boxes, average $1 10.
Plums— Yellow Egg. single crates, average 90c;
Wickson, single crates, average $l'4O;- Chalcot,
single crates, . average $1. Prunes — Gros. single
crates,' $1 15@1 63,' average $1 45; German, sln
ple : crates, average $1 65. Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, \ average J2 30; Seckle. half -boxes, $1 60®
1 90, average $1 7S; Beurre Hardy, boxes, aver
age Jl 85. Grapes — Tokay, single crates, aver
age ?2 25. Seventeen cars sold. Weather
muggy, i
Australian, scoured basis spot prices, ' comb
ing superfine, 74@75c; sunerfine, 71@72c; good,
68@70c. - ••
Quotations: Territory, scoured basis. Mon
tana fine, >14@15c; scoured, 44@46c; fine medium,
14@16c; scoured, 42@43c; staple, 16®17c; scoured.
45<§ 48c; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho fine, 13%@
15c; , scoured, _44@45c; fine medium, 13@14c;
scoured, 40@43c; .staple, 15@17c ; scoured, . 45@
47c.
There is little doing in Australian wools.
market has been good and prices are firm. 'The
volume off sa!es have- been large and almost
entirely to manufacturers. -There Is an absence
of speculative , feeling, -, but "¦ the outlook is very
favorable. ¦ Territory grades continue to demand
most attention. Fine medium and fine scoured
staples are quoted at 44@45c and staples at 47
<g'48c. - .
@5; ' Large White. $4@4 25; Pink. $2 30-g2 50:
Red $3i@3 75; Blackeye, $3 50; Llmas, $6 40@6 oO,
Red Kidney. Si 25 per ctl. - , w
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 23@2 50: Canary. 3>4
itS^c for Eastivn; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. l?a
@2«c: Hemp, 3i«c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, |1 65 per ctl.
THE SAN FRAN^
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Ch icago Gra in Ma rket.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
California Fruit Sales.
8
Articles — - ' ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 ; 17,000
Wheat. 'bushel? 337,000 92,000
Corn, bushels 223.000 144,000
Oats, bushels 543,000 . 182,000
Rye, bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels ;..' , 8,000 3,000
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
September ,71% - 71V4 69%
December 73% 73% 72».«
May 76% 77 75%
Corn No. 2—
September 58*4 5SU, »"V4
December 60% 60% 597»
May 62% 62% 61%
Oats No. 2—
September 35% 35% 35
December 37^ 37% 36%
May ...: 39U 39U 38%
Mess pork, per barrel —
September 14 20 14 27^ 1120
October 14 50 14 52Vi 14 35
January 15 67«4 15 72Vi 15 40
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 92>£ 8 92^ 8 80
October ..:. 9 D2'£ 9 02V4 8 87^
January .........:. .8 9214 8 92Vi S 75 ,
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
Septimber 8 30 S 32«4 8 22«.4
October '..... 8 42^4 8 42Vs ' v 8 27Vi '
January 8 05 - 8 07% 7 90
Close.
70
72%
75%
57^4
59H
61%
35tJ
36%
3S%
14 27%
14 35
15 47%
8s:%
8 90
• 8 cO .
8 22%
8 3i'/j
7 95
STATIONS.
2
PI
a
1
' 0
if
Hollister Tl
Hanford 95
San Jose 76
Riverside 92
Palermo 59
Ventura "0
Santa. Maria 70
51
51
61
55
51
53 •
76
Clear W
Clear NW
Lt.Fog NW
Clear NW
Clear S
STATIONS.
133
P
3
3
ft
n
.2.2.2
•-;» >-5=-
IK 8"
CD
re
: ?
Astoria 30.08 £8 54 SW Cloudy .00
Baker 29. SS SO 52 NE Cloudy .08
Carson 29.92 .6 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.06 58 SO NW Clear. .00
Fresno 29. SO 94 56 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.C2 T4 44 W Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Idaho... 29. 94 SO 60 SW Cloudy T.
Independence 2S.72 SS 5S SE Clear .00
Los Anpeles 23. PO 78 58 "W Clear .CO
Phoenix 29. 7G 102 74 NW Clear .00
Portland 3O.t)4 €8 52 E Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29. SO 90 60 SE Clear .00
Roseburg. 30.00 70 £2 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29. ?6 7S 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.92 80 58 SE Pt.Cldy .04
San Francisco 29.98 66 £0 SW Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo.. .30.00 74 54 W Clear .00
San Diego 29. SO 70 64 W Clear .00
Seattle 3O.t6 64 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane '..29.S.6 82 £8 NE Cloudy T.
Neah Hey 30.08 f.8 48 NW Clear .00
Waila Walla 29. S4 84 58 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Winneniucca 29. SO 82 46 W \ Clear .00
Yuma 29.70 102 74 W Clear .00
STATIONS.
2
PI
a
1
' 0
if
Hollister Tl
Hanford 95
San Jose 76
Riverside 92
Palermo 59
Ventura "0
Santa. Maria 70
51
51
61
55
51
53 •
76
Clear W
Clear NW
Lt.Fog NW
Clear NW
Clear S
Articles — - ' ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 ; 17,000
Wheat. 'bushel? 337,000 92,000
Corn, bushels 223.000 144,000
Oats, bushels 543,000 . 182,000
Rye, bushels 11,000
Barley, bushels ;..' , 8,000 3,000
Articles— Open. High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
September ,71% - 71V4 69%
December 73% 73% 72».«
May 76% 77 75%
Corn No. 2—
September 58*4 5SU, »"V4
December 60% 60% 597»
May 62% 62% 61%
Oats No. 2—
September 35% 35% 35
December 37^ 37% 36%
May ...: 39U 39U 38%
Mess pork, per barrel —
September 14 20 14 27^ 1120
October 14 50 14 52Vi 14 35
January 15 67«4 15 72Vi 15 40
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 8 92>£ 8 92^ 8 80
October ..:. 9 D2'£ 9 02V4 8 87^
January .........:. .8 9214 8 92Vi S 75 ,
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
Septimber 8 30 S 32«4 8 22«.4
October '..... 8 42^4 8 42Vs ' v 8 27Vi '
January 8 05 - 8 07% 7 90
Close.
70
72%
75%
57^4
59H
61%
35tJ
36%
3S%
14 27%
14 35
15 47%
8s:%
8 90
• 8 cO .
8 22%
8 3i'/j
7 95
STATIONS.
133
P
3
3
ft
n
.2.2.2
•-;» >-5=-
IK 8"
CD
re
: ?
Astoria 30.08 £8 54 SW Cloudy .00
Baker 29. SS SO 52 NE Cloudy .08
Carson 29.92 .6 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.06 58 SO NW Clear. .00
Fresno 29. SO 94 56 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.C2 T4 44 W Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Idaho... 29. 94 SO 60 SW Cloudy T.
Independence 2S.72 SS 5S SE Clear .00
Los Anpeles 23. PO 78 58 "W Clear .CO
Phoenix 29. 7G 102 74 NW Clear .00
Portland 3O.t)4 €8 52 E Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29. SO 90 60 SE Clear .00
Roseburg. 30.00 70 £2 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29. ?6 7S 54 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.92 80 58 SE Pt.Cldy .04
San Francisco 29.98 66 £0 SW Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo.. .30.00 74 54 W Clear .00
San Diego 29. SO 70 64 W Clear .00
Seattle 3O.t6 64 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane '..29.S.6 82 £8 NE Cloudy T.
Neah Hey 30.08 f.8 48 NW Clear .00
Waila Walla 29. S4 84 58 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Winneniucca 29. SO 82 46 W \ Clear .00
Yuma 29.70 102 74 W Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
$W $?* \
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
40 Fine Road Horses,
BOOTS. ETC.
By order executors Moses Hopkins "Estate.
This consignment Includes stallions, geldlngrs
and mares by such sires as Silver Bow 2:14,
Eros 2:25. Crandissimo 2:23%. El Benton 2:J3.
Pilot Prince Mountain King. Hawthorne.
Moses S Director Wllkes. Socrates, etc.. out
of excellent mares: all broken single and double
and their ages range from 4 to 8 years. Ther»
are also several fine saddle horses among them.
This Is a rare opportunity for business anil
livery men to purchase first-class horses,
vehicles and harness at their own price. On-
vehicle cost $1800 and harness for same cost
$1000. AM vehicles and name** nearlv new.
Sale takes place TO-MORROW
THURSDAY, Aug. 22, 1931, at 11 a. m.,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721-723 HOWARD ST.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Stock at yard Aujrust 20. Catalogues ready.. VALLEJO, Aug." ; 20.— Captain Charles
H. Rockwell, U. S. N., recently, appointed
captain of the Mare Island navy, yard, ar
rived to-day, accompanied by his wife and
daughter. He h"» hut one year.' to serve
before retireme-
Takes Charge at • Mare Island.
Police Detective Ryan and Railroad De
tective 'Lewirwjast. night discovered about
BOO • pounds - of /copper wire on ; the who rf
at 'the- foot of Second -street. ' They sur
prised: the thieves, who ! had Just landed
It . from ; a boat. 1 ' The :, thieves got away.'
!The wire is very-thick' and the. insulation
has been -burned off.' ; The police are f luok
ins for an owner. •
Stolen Copper Recovered.
. Decrees of divorce have been granted to
Clara R. Chase from Storey N. Chase; for
failure to provide . and Maria Fridberg
from August Fridberg for extreme
cruelty. .
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Charlotte McCarthy against John Mc-
Carthy for desertion, . Aileen ; Stephens
against Frank J. Stephens / for desertion
and Elizabeth Anderson against Andrew
Anderson for infidelity. •
In the Divorce ; Court.
Samuel 'Heyman, who failed to . answer
a summons to appear and qualify as a
Juror, was fined 510 for contempt of court
by Judge Hunt yesterday. Heyman, who
is secretary of the Harry Unna Company,
stated that he did not appear for the
reason that he Is a resident of Alameda
County. Judge Hunt found him guilty of
contempt, however, and Informed ¦ him
that the Judges of Alameda County would
be informed as to -his availability as a
juror, that they might act accordingly.
Fined for Contempt.
NEW; YORK, Aug.; 20.— From an author
itative source the Associated: Press Is en
abled to* deny the report. that Charles; M;
Schwab is- to resign- the presidencv. of the
United States Steel Corporation. .
Schwab rWill j Not Resign.
>LEWISTON, Idaho, Aug. 20.— A ; special
from Grangeville to the Tribune gives an
account of the finding of the dead body of
Swan Knudson on the Salmon River trail
near the I State bridge 1 in Idaho County.
The man' had been ambushed J and ' mur
dered, and. his pack, horse was also killed.
'A°' bullet- had penetrated Knudson's : head
and another. had struck him in the breast.
The crime ' is clouded .; In mystery. ; . . -• , : .
Ambushed and ¦ Murdered. '
; CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Lawrence Auchter
lone of Glenview won the open champion
ship : to-day from a i field of thirty-eight
representative amateurs and professionals
in the second annual tournament under
the auspices of the " Western, Oolf Asso
ciation to determine the title of the "West
ern championship. ' Auchterlone's score
for the thirty-six holes was 180, which is
a. remarkable figure for. such a course. .
West era Golf Championship.
BUENOS AYRES, Aujr. 20.— In the Ar
gentine Senate to-day ; Dr. Amancio Al
corta, Minister of Foreign Affairs, . after
the adoption of a resolution of confidence
of the Government toward the forthcom
ing Pan-American Congress in the City of
Mexico, announced • that the . Argentine-
Chilean Governments had formulated • a
moral compromise not to increase their
armaments by a single rifle. He said it
was this resolution which had led to the
resignation of the , Chilean Cabinet, and
he maintained that peace between Argen
tine and Chile was assured. ' In reply to
an Interpellation he reiterated that the
relations of Argentine with all foreign
powers were
VTTLJj BUY NO BULBS .
AND PEACE IS ASSURED
The Ringling Bros.' circus Is due here
Sunday morning. August 25, and will camp
at the show grounds, Sixteenth and Fol
som streets, for a week, giving two per
formances a day. beginning Monday after
noon, August 26. Circus people have a
habit of hustling, which gives assurances
that everything will be spic and ready for
the Monday* parade and performances.
The street display of the Ringllng Bro«.
is surpassingly attractive. This season
are presented more novel features than,
ever. Most of the animal dens are open
and the tableau flats and cages are strik
ingly effective in color and design. A
miniature menagerie is provided for the
little people and educated donkeys, goats
and other domestic animals, led or. driven
by clowns, keep up the fun for many
who have passed the age for marbles and
tops. Then there are the finely bred and
high-stepping horBes, pretty ponies,. gayly
gowned riders, soldier types of all nations,
a mounted military band. Oriental musi
cians, an ear-racking clown band, a troop
of thirty elephants— the largest collection
In the world; meekly following camels, a
chime of ' church bells, the - sky-scraping
calliope and many more familiar features
and a lot that are strictly new,, all of
which serve to give variety and distinc
tion and fascinating Interest to this gor
geous pageant.^
Rlngling Bros.' Circus to Have a
Big Turnout on Monday
Next.
ETBEET PAEADE WILL BE
REPLETE WITH FEATURES
• The loss can only be roughly estimated
Officials of the • company ' refuse to make
any .statement as to the quantity of oil
benzine . and .• naphtha contained in the
various tanks already destroyed and those
that, cannot escape destruction. Insur
ance men - and firemen early i to-day said
the loss would not be less than $&00,000,
but since then great quantities of refined
petroleum . and benzine have been con
sumed and several 'tanks have been ren
dered uselessly the flames, v:. ;
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 2O.-The fire
which began ye'sterday at! the works of
the Atlantic Refining Company, at Point
Breeze, is still burning fiercely to-night,
and Chief Baxter of ,the City Fire De
partment has given up hope of savins
any of the company's property. •'¦
The one hope. of the company's officials
and the firemen was in their ability to
pump the I oil from the tanks not yet
reached by the flames into reserve tanks
In an isolated section of the yard An
explosion late this afternoon carried
away the pumping machinery, and noth
ing remains now, apparently, but to per
mit the conflagration to burn until all
11^ 13 *. « Ons u , med - It: is believed to
night that hve lives. were lost In the ex
plosion last night completes the list The
dead are: - . -
JOHN McCULLOM, Engine Com
pany 49. . .. . - ,
JAMES EALLES, Engine Comnanv «
• JOHN DAUGHERTY, Truck Com
pany 9. . . . . ¦
.FRANK DAVIS, Truck Company 9 <:
ALEXANDER TIMMERS, an employe
of the Atlantic Refining Company
i In • the : explosion which occurred this
afternoon fifteen persons were injured se
riously enough to , be taken to hospitals
and about forty others were r > treated on
the scene by the ambulance surgeons All
of those reported as missing after 'the
explosion last- night have been accounted
&! r ' T iJ e ''K u of ta i ure <i amounts to more
than 100. Many of these are trivial cases
not. taken, to hospitals. A few are se
rious and may prove fatal. «..-.-'
• The fire is ¦ still raging and , is eating
up oil at the rate of $100,000 a day accord
ing to the estimate of President Lloyd
of : the Atlantic Refining Company. • The
cooperage-«hop has been swept away and
in its destruction forty men narrowly es
caped death. .The tanks of benzine are
going. Earthworks have been thrown un
to keep the Schuylkijl River from be
coming flooded with blazing -oil Tho
firemen say they are working In the dark
There is danger all around them and they
do > not know where the , danger spots
are; - •-•%'¦¦ ; ;¦:¦¦. , -,.:. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ ... •-. ¦...•..¦.:
: BUFFALO. > Aug.: 20.— Minister Vicuna
came to ' Buffalo from -Washington July
18 to attend the ceremonies incident upon
the formal > opening of : the Chilean build
ing at the Pan-American Exposition., He
took to bed the day after his arrival. : -the
result of a . cold contracted on the ! Jour
ney. This- developed "into pneumonia,
which became further complicated. Senor
Vicuna was believed;; however,; to be im
proving, but during- last night ¦ suffered, a
relapse- from -which he did not rally.; # -.• •
-: Senor Vicuna came to Washington about
three, years ago, succeeding Minister
G ana. who was transferred to London.
The Vicunas have been prominent In
South American affairs and the Minister
soon endeared himself to the officials and
diplomatists in "Washington by his charm
ing personality and his ability. He was
aqcompanied by his wife and family, who
have been an.. interesting acquisition to
the diplomatic circle. : Of late the legation
in Washington has been closed, the Min
ister and family and the entire official es
tablishment being removed to Buffalo,
where Chile had 1 taken the lead In Squth
American republics in the magnitude of
its exhibit. .. :. ¦ •¦.*
Soon after the receipt of : the dispatch
announcing the . Minister's death Secre
tary Hay senta message of condolence to
the bereaved relatives and friends.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2O.-.The State De
partment is 'advised by telegraph of the
death of Senor Don Carlos Mora Vicuna,
Minister fioir. Chile to the United States,
which occurred at Buffalo^ this morning.
The notification came from" the Senor
Infanta, First Secretary of the Chilean
legation, who has been with the Minister
at Buffalo, and gave no details beyond
the simple announcement that Senor Vi
cuna had passed away. He had been ill
for some time with pneumonia and after
throwing off the first attack suffered a re
lapse from which he was unable to rally.
Owing to his being. the diplomatic rep
resentative of Chile to the United States
the Government will show every consid
eration, of respect and honor to the de
ceased. Besides being Minister from Chile
he was commissioner to the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition • and lately a delegate on
the Chilean Claims Commission.
Kennedy evidently appreciated what he
had done and is now hiding from the po
lice. Inquiry at his place of business yes
terday - developed the fact- that; he had
gone over to Oakland "on business."; The
Kennedys have been married more than
seven years and have no children. This
is not the first time the husband has mis
treated his ¦ wife and it is understood that
she will file suit for a'- divorce as soon as
she can leave her bed. ..
Mrs. Kennedy haa, been. confined to her
bed for. the -last four days and will be
taken to-day to the French Hospital. Her
condition is precarious and no one Is per
mitted to see her. • •.'-.. •¦
The poor woman managed . to get on
her feet, rushed out of the house and
found a welcome in her brother's home.
She was suffering from the scalding she
received and it was necessary to call in
Dr. Sprague to attend her. Her arm and
breast were blistered from the hot water
and her side was black and blue where
her brutal husband had kicked her. The
poor woman also suffered a severe shock
to her nervous system. Had her, brother
known how badly his sister had been
treated he would have d,ealt without mer
cy with the husband.. He only learned
after the husband had come to the house
for his-wife that; she bau received , the
cruel treatment. • •
John F. Kennedy, foreman* of a black
smithing establishment at 628 Howard
street, has inflicted injuries on his wife
that may cause her death. On Friday
evening last he returned to his home at
515 Jones street in an intoxicated . condi
tion and struck Mrs. Kennedy and kicked
her and then poured a kettle of boiling
water over the unfortunate woman. A
warrant will be sworn out for his arrest
en", a charge of battery, but the charge
will be made more serious if his wife suc
cumbs # to his brutal treatment.
Kennedy is a powerfully built man and
when in liquor he is very ugly. He re
turned home from, work last Friday night
long after the dinner hour, and when his
wife remonstrated with him he turned
on her and beat her. He felled her to the
floor with a heavy blow >and while, the
helpless woman was lying there he kicked
her. Her cries for help seemed to arouse
him to greater frenzy and he grabbed up
a kettle of boiling water and , poured it
over her.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
cf Supervisors yesterday that, assuming
the facts to be as stated in resolutions
adopted by the board, ".none of the
conditions and icquirements Imposed upon
the People's Mutual Telephone Company
have up to the present time been com
plied with." He is of opinion that the
< nmpany has forfeited its franchise. The
opinion says:
"The board should make demand upon
the sureties on the bond given by the
People's Telephone Company for the
amount to which they obligated them
selves, atioV faiiing to receive the money
upon said demand, suit should be insti
tuted against the sureties on behalf of the
'•'A. judgment of forfeiture is not neces
pary where the grant has made the for
feiture tc depend upon the happening of
»i condition." ' ' - •¦¦ " -
TELEPHONE COMPANY
FORFEITED ITS FRANCHISE
The Minister From Chile
Passes Away Sud- .',
denly at Buffalo.
Atlantic Refining Com
.pany Fire Continues
Burning 1 .
Husband's Brutal Action
May Cause Woman's
Death.
BLAZING OIL
IMPERILS MEN
ST. LOUIS, Ausr. ».— Pittsburgr indulged in
a battlnr matinee here to-day, and aided by
St. Louis' errors, piled up fourteen runs. For
four innings Murphy shut out. the visitors, but
in the fifth he was found for six hits and fire
runs, and five hits and five runs in the sixth.
Attendance 3500. : Score: , . .
, R. H. E.
Pittsburg ...14 21 3
St. Louis ..2 6 4
Batteries— Chesbro • and Zimmer; Murphy.
.Wicker and Schrtver. Umpires — O'Day and
Brown. ' -
BOSTON, Aug. 20.— Willis weakened in the
eleventh, and three hits, together with a wild
throw and a fumble, brought in the only runs
of the game. Taylor was very effective. "At
tendance 750. Score:
R. H. . E.
Boston ' •¦ 0 5 3
New York •' 3 8 1
Batteries — Willis and Klttridge; Taylor and
Warner. Umpire— Dwyer. ',
PHILADELPHIA, Aug.' 20.— Brooklyn won
two games to-day from Philadelphia by timely
hitting. In the first game Donovan had the
locals completelj»at his mercy. The locals had
a chance to win in the ninth inning of the sec
ond game. With three men on bases and two
out Delehanty forced Flick at second. Emslle
was taken ill and retired after the first rame,
players umpiring the second game. Attendance
6400. _ Score: r. '
" First game— . • ' R. H. JE.
'Brooklyn ............ ".'.'. 4 ~ 8. » 1
Philadelphia 1 4 0
Batteries— Donovan, ¦ McGuIre and Farrell;
Townsend and McFarland. Umpire — Emslle.
Second game— • . R. H. E.
Brooklyn .3* II . 0
Philadelphia ..............'2 U 0
' • Batteries— Hughes and Farrell:. Donahue and
Douglass. Umpires — McGulre.- Orth and- Jack
lltsch.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 20.— Cincinnati-Chicago
game was postponed on account of rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Montanari largely redeemed herself last
night, singing Marguerite quite sweetly.
The role is well within her range and she
did really good work therein. Agostini
sang Kaust, and exceedingly well. He
was very enthusiastically 'welcomed by
the audience, and indeed all the artists,
including Mr. Steindorff, received a hearty
reception.
Dado appeared in the title role, his first
adequate opportunity of the season, and
more than confirmed the favorable im
pression he made with his preceding ef
forts. He sings admirably, looks only
less the Mephisto than De Heszke and
acts v.-ith power but without a hint of
the cynic humor of the part. But he is
so satisfactory vocally, and the humor
happens luckily to be less essential to
Boito's Mephisto than to the Gounod Sa
tan, so that on. the whole it is a most
pleasing performance.
It is late in the day to compare th»
Gounod "Faust" and the "Mefistofele,"
that came some ten years later, by the
way, but it is a most interesting compari
son to make. One hardly goes away
whistling the Boito any more than one
whistles the "Symphonie Fantastique" or
Wagner even, the former of which it
somewhat strongly resembles in places.
It has an imaginative quality of highest
order, not always adequately expressed,
but throughout the music is of noble
reach and sometimes of most melodious
expression.
Trader Steindorff and the Principals
Score a Success in the Big
Production.
The Tivoli has outdone itself this week
in the production of Boito's "Mefistofele,"
given last night to another of the large
houses that are the order of the season.
Perhaps more than to any one else credit
is due to Mr. Steindorff for the good work
done. The choruses went with admirable
sureness and spirit, the ensemble being
notably good in the difficult concerted
work in the first act. and the orchestra
might have been as lavishly familiar with
the opera as with "II Trovatore," for ex
ample, from tlie ease and certainty of its
efforts. Again, much credit is due the
stage manager, costumes and. settings be
ing of unusual splendor and fitness, and
the principals were all very satisfactory.
Altogether "Mefistofele" is the big thing
of the season so far, and will be certainly
so far appreciated.
TIVOLI OUTDOES ITSELF
IN BOITO'S "MEFISTOFELE''
at Santa Cruz. He knew the waffls man
and so did I, and that's the way we be
came acquainted."
There was a private seance in the cap
tain's, office after papa and the original
lover reached it. - jwo minutes later the
girl and her.big fighting sweetheart were
wrappedin each other's arms. -Wyman
stood unwept and In disgrace outside the
prison gates. Father. Sweet wanted -to
make sure of his ground. He said a mar
riage must be celebrated and Miss Sweet
was agreed. Deputy County Clerk R. T.
Baker, with his 1 accustomed gallantry, is
sued the marriage license. Police Judge
Smith .was summoned and as quickly as
the words could be said the pretty little
Santa Cruzan became Mrs. Louis J. Col
lins. Their home will be at 311 Virginia
street, Vallejo. . •
Thomas A. S^eet. the father, is an old
time resident of Santa Cruz. He is a cab
inet-maker. Young Wyman, whose vaca
tion at the sea beach was so interestingly
concluded, Is the son of a former member
of "the Oakland Police Department. The
young man has been employed by Fossing
& Gallagher, wholesale produce - mer
chants on Eleventh street.
DEATH CALLS
FOR DIPLOMAT
with a dispatch to the Chief of Police to
arrest his runaway daughter and detain
her until he could get to Oakland. The
discarded soldier at Vallejo was also
notified .to hasten to Oakland. . Father
and the soldier arrived at the City Prison
at 7:30 o'clock this evening. . The youthful
Wyman wag there and so was Mrs. /Wy
man. But the center of attraction was
the runaway girl. Would she abandon the
companion of her cycling'* elopement?
Would she renew her 'troth with ihe sol-
dier? The former lover was willing to
take back the recreant, "fickle-hearted
girl.
Lemuel Outside Is Forgotten.'
Bertha proved that she was as fickle as
any of her 'sex. At first she said Papa
could not "take her back to Santa Cruz
without Lemuel, but she ' changed "• her
mind when her first" lover appeared on
the scene, Lemuel not being in sight.
Bertha was a bit dissatisfied with Lem
uel from the start, however, because he
had not swerved enough from tho truth
to secure the marriage license.
"This would not have happened," ob
served the runaway miss, "if he had only
said he was twenty-one years old. I told
K. H. E.
Batteries — Bernhard and Powers, McNeil and
Wood.
R. H. E.
Baltimore ......2 7-1
Detroit .........5 10 1
Batteries — Howell. McGinnlty and Roblnsnn;
Slever and McAllister.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.— Cleveland de
feated Philadelphia to-day by bunching hits.
The hits of the local men were widely scat
tered. Attendance, 720. Score:
Philadelphia 3 12 2
Cleveland 7 U 3
Milwaukee 0 7 2
Batteries— Young and Crlger;'Hawley, Sparks
and Donnhue.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 20.— Detroit defeated Bal
timore to-day. Slever proved an enigma to the
local batters and Connolly's umpiring was
again so trrntlc that he and his cordon of po
ilce had xo lake refuge in the grand stand. At
tendance. 230'.. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 20* — Chicago bunch«<3
her long hits in three innings and walked away
with to-day's game. 'Washington's hits were
more numerous, but the home team waa never
in the race. The visitors' nine hits were good
for iwenty-three bases. Attendance, 2100. Score:
• . K. H. E.
Washington' .'...' 3 12 -2
Chicago 9 9 1
Batteries— Patten and Clark. Griffith and Sul
livan. . . • ¦
I BOSTON, Aug. 20.— Boston whitewashed Mil
waukee 'n the quickest played game on the
local grounds this season. Attendance," 3300.-
Score: . '. . * ~ ...
.• It. H. E.
Boston « » 0
New York Team From
Boston.
Eleven-Inning Match Won by the
BASEBAIX GAMES ON .
EASTERN DIAMONDS
POURS BOILING
WATER ON WIFE
The young folks consulted. Wyman in
formed his companion that there was only
one recourse. They must go to Oakland,
get his mother's consent and be married
there. Miss Sweet was agreeable. Early
Sunday morning, mounted en bicycles,
they fled, Wyman like young Lochinvar
up to date, wheeling through the mount
ains with one arm supporting ,his fair
Away on Their Fleet Bicycles.
- "Too young. Have to get parents" con
sent," was the clerk's comment, as he
stopped preparation of the license.
Then to clinch matters Wyman sug
gested an immediate nuptial ceremony.
His adored one was quite willing. They
posted off to the County Clerk's office for
tlfe necessary license. . V . ,
"Your age?" queries the clerk, address
ing- Miss Sweet. . ¦¦..-,.
"I'm 13," was the reply, without a
quiver.
"And you?" to the groom-prospective.
"Nineteen." • - - ¦
The story opens at the sea ¦ beach at
Santa Cruz last Tuesday afternoon with
a waffle man well in the foreground.
Young-, Wyman was introduced on the
beach to Miss Sweet by the vender of
waffles, a mutual friend. The acquaint
anceship was very rapidly followed by
numerous meetings along the ro
mantic shores of the bay. Papa
Sweet was at work at Watsonvllle.
Young Mr. Collins, who had some
time previously wooed and won the
girl's hand, was also away at his post at
Mare Island. So young Wyman. all ig
norant of the true situation, had an op
portunity to make love. His advances
were apparently encouraged. By Satur
day Miss Sweet had completely forgotten
her soldier sweetheart. His memory was
so absolutely obliterated that when her
new admirer proposed marriage he was
accepted on the spot.
Policemen, bicycles, callow ' lovers,
angry father and a pursuing sweetheart
are badly tangled in the skein of matri
monial adventure that culminated in the
wedding- ceremony at the City Jail.
And the only explanation that little Miss
Sweet can offer for her astonishing
escapade is that she "must have been
hypnotized." But the forlorn Wyman,
who at the last momen: was euchered out
of a bride, looks at. the situation from a
more practical point of view. He says the
angry papa was the responsible party.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— Cupid . has
broken the record and a double
notch was cut in the wily love
god's bow when Bertha Sweet, 17
years old, of 'Santa Cruz was
wedded to-night at the office of the cap
tain of police at the City Hall to Louis
G. Collins, a returned" soldier from the
Philippines, now employed .'at the United
States Navy Yard, Mare Island. This was
the unexpected sequel to, the elopement
Sunday of pretty Miss Sweet with Lemuel
A. Wyman, 19 years old, residing in Oak
land, the couple having run away Sunday
from r-anta Cruz on bicycles after an
acquaintance of only four days. ( .
The first message sent after the vessel
had reported herself was to Lenox, Mass.
Another was sent to Philadelphia. These
messages were sent over land wires to
the office of the Herald and soon found
their way to those for whom they were
intended. Passengers expressed astonish
ment at the manner in which the signal
ing was conducted. The Kaiser "Wilhelm
der Grosse was in communication with
the lightship for more than forty miles.
The instruments worked perfectly and
there was no short circuiting. Passengers
took turns at looking into the windows of
the deckhouse, where sparks were leap
ing across between the brazen knobs. The
display of electricity was interesting
aside from what it signified. The opera
tor worked with great quickness and dex
terity. ,:; .
Captain Hogemann repdrted that the
vessel was out twenty miles from Nan
tucket lightship when the operator an
nounced that he was in communication
with the lightship. The pulsations were
at first very faint.. The operator mads
out, however, the words, "Have you any
news for the Herald?" The vibration of
the vessel at times interfered with send
ing and receiving of messages, but the
system worked well. As the steamer ap
proached nearer the lightship the mes
sages were remarkably distinct. Atone
time the vessel was within a mile of. the
lightship. - ,„.
Marconi instruments were placed in ons
of the amair houses aft on the boat deck.
The wire was led to the top of towering
masts a few yards away. It was care
fully examined as the vessel neared Nan
tucket, for Captain Hogemann had a
vivid recollection of a test which was un
successful because it was discovered too
late that wireless messages were being
flashed through a steam winch instead of
into tha air.
Although it was raining at Jwenty min
utes past 10 o'clock on Monday night
when the vessel first got into communi
cation with the Nantucket lightship, pas
sengers stood out on deck until fifteen
minutes after 1 o'clock this morning.
NKW YORK. Aug. 20.— Messages be
tween the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse of
the North German t<loyd line, which ar
rived here this evening from Bremen, and
the Herald's wireless telegraph station at
Nantucket were exchanged with much,
success.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-night Secret Service agents saw "Wei
gel and he gave them what he had re
maining of the notes except those he kept
for his collection. He was not arrested.
Ludwig. the junk man. turned over the
plates. These were still in the package
in which they were wrapped after being
last used. The seals were unbroken.
They bore the seal of the bank and also
that of the receiver and there could be no
question that they had never been used
since the bank last ran off a lot of the
bills.
Among others he sold some to Green
berg & Smith of San Francisco. This
firm, Weigel says, afterward sent him
large orders for the notes, and in all pur
chased some $175,000 worth, counting their
face value. The plates remained in tftc
possession of the junk dealer.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Government Se
cret Service officers to-night visited
New Brunswick. N. J., and obtained pos
session of the plates and nearly $200.
000 (face value) of the notes of
the Old State Bank of New Bruns
wick. The notes were not reprinted from
the old plates. They were genuinely print
ed thirty years or more ago by the bank
Itself, but were never signed by the presi
dent and cashier. Lax method in wind
ing up the affairs of the bank twenty-six
years ago seem to have been responsible
for the alleged big swindle in other States
with the bank notes as a basis.
The bank went into liquidation some
years ago. Colonel John A. Newell was
at that time appointed receiver and wound
up the affairs of the institution. He has
since died. In the course of his operations
he sold the old note plate to Adam Lud
wig, a junk dealer of New Brunswick.
The sale was as old metal. The junk
dealer also bought the waste paper and all
the junk out of the bank. In the waste
paper he found about half a million dol
lars worth of notes. These were in the
original sheets, uncut and unsigned.
These notes he sold or gave to Jacob
Weigel. who is a collector of coins and old
notes and who has a very large collection,
one of the most extensive in the country.
He kept them some years and then be
gan to dispose of them to coin dealers. He
sold many of them to reputable dealers
in all parts of the country. He received
nominal sums for his sales.
Acting Chief Secret Service Agent Mof
fitt saya that the city has been flooded
with these notes of the denominations of
»1 and $2. which Smith has sold at prices
ranging from fifteen to twenty-five cents
on the par value of one dollar, to the dis
tributors who have been passing them off
at par. .
Hagan was unable to procure bail yes
terday end remains In jail. He signed his
own name to the notes, it is charged, as
president of the defunct bank, and this
fact has saved him from a prosecution for
forgery.
Edward W. Smith, stenographer for
Major Blakeney of the United States Life
Saving Service, was released on $2000 bail
yesterday. The bail of William Hagan,
his alleged accomplice, was fixed at $2000.
Smith's defense will be that the notes
are not counterfeits, but printed from
genuine plates of the State Bank of New
Brunswick, which went out of existence
about thirty years ago, and that the
bank's notes are regularly quoted in the
catalogues of numismatists and curio col
lectors.
Dr. Rico. Colombian Minister to Vene
zuola. published a letter while in Curacao
denying the assertion of President Castro
that Colombia had invaded Venezuela. In
the course of the letter he declared em
phatically that General Rang-el Garbiras,
who is a Venezuelan, was the chief in
vader, ar.d that it need surprise no one
If he were executed by a few insurgent
Colombians under the direction of Gen
eral TJribe T'ribe. Dr. Luis Deroud. one
nt the Commissioners for defining tne
boundaries with Venezuela, has arrived at
the isthmus.
COLON, Colombia. Aug. 20.— The Chi
nese assert that among the raiders of
Emperador station last Saturday night
were several necrroes from Jamaica, who.
after flogging Chinese traders, demanded
and obtained $200. Exchange at Barran
<;u'"la is rising by leaps and bounds. An
American dollar is now equivalent to $41
in Colombian paper money.
"Gcr.eral Gonzales Valencia- has re
turned to invade us by the way of San
FestSna. probably, although he has con
cealed his movement as much as possible.
Thinking- that possibly his advance might
be on Colon (Tachira), I gave orders to
General Ruben Cardenas in order that
with his battalions h° might meet the en
emy at La Cumbre, . where I judge the
enemy would have made their advance."
This proclamation was issued after the
battle of San Cristobal and is dated Au
gust 8. Of the same date and at the same
place (San Cristobal), another proclama
tion Issued by General Celistino Castro
reads in part:
Copies of Castro's official organ, pub
lished at Caracas, which were brought
here on the Maracaibo to-day, contain a
proclamation from the President, in which
he calls on "the Venezuelan patriots to
rejoice as our flag- streams In triumph
over the Colombian frontier — the enemy
has fled— victory Is ours. On the field of
battle fell 800 bodies of the rebels, their
artillery abandoned, many taken prison
ers and their banners torn."
My source of Information as to the reported
Colombian invasion is the Etatement made by
General Castro as above. The impression I re
ceived from my interview with President Cas
tro was that he mas fully determined to con
tinue administering the affairs of Venezuela
along the aggressive lines indicated by his re
cent actions.
I am not awar* that Dr. Rico, the Colombian
Minister, in leaving the legation in the hands
of the American Charge d' Affaires, had either
demanded or received his passports. I know,
however, that he felt it was impossible for him
to remain longer, and he went with the purpose
of communicating with his Government. Gen
eral Pulido. the ex-Mlnlster of War, who was
replaced by General Guerra in the early part
oC August, left the Cabinet because he could
not approve of war with Colombia.
Caracas is quiet. Everything is proceeding as
DssaL The guarantees of the constitution
have, however, been susj>encsed on account of
the invasion of the Venezuelan soil, according
f> information received by President Castro to
that effect. War bulletins are issued at fre
quent intervals. General Castro, in an inter
view on August IP. told me that he had a force
of 10.000 men at San Cristobal, commanded by
his brother, Celistino Castro, and that he had
V'.COO other troops in the three border States.
He paid that no option was left to him in that
matter; that he must protect Venezuela. .Mar
tial law exists in these three States: Merida,
Trunjillo and Tachira.
Henry Willard Beam, counsel for one of
the asphalt companies, arrived to-day on
the steamer Maracaibo from Venezuela.
Beam sale!:
Asked why the United States had sent
v.arships there, be said:
"Well, I suppose that the Consular of
ficials rec-elve startling information as to
what is going to happen, and not knowing
the people as we do take it seriously and
think that they must be on the safe side,
and so they report to Washington and
the ship's are sent as a matter of course."
Colonel J. R. Shaler, general superin
tendent of the Panama Railroad, who was
a passenger on the Orizaba, ridiculed the
reports of battles and incursions at the
isthmus, and said there was no revolution
Jn Colombia. Neither had there been any
interference with his road. He continued:
"The fan.* that 1 have left for a trip to
New \orU is evidence that there is no
disorder or trouble whatever at the isth
rrus. I read of a battle which I know
:.ever took place. There were many bat
talions engaged and 900 dead, but there
was never any such forces and they never
saw each other, and nobody was
scratched. People who do not understand
conditions down there take these stories
seriously, but those who are on the
pround do not."
"We neither saw nor heard anything of
any trouble while in the harbor." said
Captain Smith. "I did not go ashore my
eelt but I know that everything was
! eaceful and quiet. The Government had
put a few soldiers on the trains running
across the isthmus, but that is often
done."
NEW YORK, Aug. 2O.-The officers and
passengers of the steamship Orizaba,
v.hich arrived from Colon" to-day, said
that the reports of trouble between Vene
zuela and. Colombia were greatly exag
gerated.
Communication Sent From
an Incoming Ship Un- .
der, Bad Conditions.
Clerk of the Life-Saving Ser
vice Claims the Notes Are
Not Forgeries.
Venezuela and Colombia Re
ports Curiously Con
flicting.
Great Interest Is Taken
in' the Wireless
Telegraph.
Stenographer Deposits
Cash and Secures
His Release.
Passengers From Isth
mus Ports Surprised
at Stories-
STAND IN RAIN
FOR MESSAGES
REVOLUTI ONISTS
ARE INVISIBLE
prize on her wheel. To Felton, Los Qatos,
San Jose, then around the bay they ped
aled, arriving here Sunday night. Wy
man took his companion to his home, 365
Orchard street. ;
"This is Miss Bertha Sweet, my Ber
tha," was his introduction to his moth
er, • "and I'm going to : marry her i with
your consent."
"Which you will not get, young man,"
was mother's emphatic reply. ¦•
' That night ' the young . eloper ! wrote to
Papa Sweet. And Papa Sweet replied
a fib about my age and I don't see why
he could not have done the same thing. ¦
"Would he : have been arrested? Per
jury? Oh, my! that would have been
dreadful. *
> "But I'nVnot going to leave here with
out him.".. !' •'_¦•"¦ '
I '.'Him", was just than moodily tramping
in J&eant of the prison entrance, wonder
ing what was going to occur.
hope papa will let us be married,"
»ald Miss Sweet. ¦¦' .- .
"How did we meet? .It was on the beach
Like Young Lochinvar •Uprto-Date LemuePWyman of Oakland
Wheels Away With Bertha Sweet of Santa Gruz, and While
Cruel Law Sunders Elopers Her Real Lover Again Wins Her Heart
ROMANCE BORN AT WAFFLE WAGON
ENDS INSIDE THE PRISON WALLS
LETTER STIRS
KNOX'S WRATH
Attorney General Dis
pleased by a Com
munication.
He Declares He Knows Noth
ing About the Big Steel
Trust.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— Attorney
General Hnox to-day sent tha following
letter to the Joint committee of the Ameri
can Anti-Trust League and District As
sembly 66, Knights of Labor. In reply, to
one from the committee requesting infor
mation from Knox regarding the United
States Steel Corporation:
WASHINGTON. D. C. August 20.
H. B. Martin, chairman joint committee. .
American Anti-Trust League— Sir: 1 have the
honor to acknowledge the receipt of your let
ter of August 19, 1901, in which you request
to obtain information with reference to cer
tain alleged "agreement or agreements between
the constituent companies and individuals who
organized the United States Steel Corporation."
You ask me to afford you all the Information
that "I may possess or can obtain," and you
specifically refer to an alleged "trust or syn
dicate agreement" which you state the presi
dent of the United States Steel Corporation,
C. M. Schwab, "refused to furnish the United
States Industrial Commission when on, the wit
ness stand before that body, and you further
state that your request for information^ Is to
be understood as covering any "other contracts
or a similar kind with which you ar© ac
quainted or which you can obtain for us."
You also state that your request for infor
mation is "founded upon Information and be
lief that at the time this contract, or con
tracts was or were made," I was "in
some way officially " connected with the Car
negie Company," and you, therefore, assume
that the information which you request must
be in "my "possession or conveniently at hand."
I am, therefore, requested to give you sub
stantial facts, or, if possible, a copy thereof.
Primarily, permit me to> say that your re
quest is founded upon an erroneous assumption.
I do not know who the Individuals are who
organized the United States Steel Corporation.
If they are the referred to usually In
the newspapers as the promoters of that or
ganization, with the single exception of C. M.
Schwab, I do not know, never saw, and never
was in any way connected with any of them.
I never heard of any agreement between them,
and the constituent members of the steel.cor
poration. • •
Neither at the time of. the formation of the
United States Steel Corporation, nor at any
time, was I officially connected with the Car
negie Steel Company. I was formerly one of
its legal advisers In the conduct of its manu
facturing business, but was never consulted
with reference to the formation of the United
States Steel Company, nor In relation of the
sale to that company of the shares of stock
held by the stockholders of the Carnegie Com
pany. I have never seen the papers of agree
ment to which you refer, nor have I been
informed of their contents. I have no knowl
edge whatever of their existence, their terms
or scope. I am thus specific, as I desire to
cover both the spirit and the letter of your
inquiry.
I may say, however, that I have no access to
the agreements or papers to which you refer.
I know nothlnsr of the one to which you es
pecially refer, and do not even know that such
an agreement Is in existence. The information
you request is not in my possession or "con
veniently at hand," as you assume, and it is
therefore impossible for me to comply with
any one of the requests set forth In your let
ter. All this information you could at any
time have acquired through tha usual metlrecT
of direct personal inquiry, thereby avoiding
the doubtful propriety of addressing m«
through the medium of an open letter which
you concurrently delivered to this office.
Whether, if such papers were accessible to me.
it would be my duty to obtain them and fur
nish them for use in legal proceedlntcs to
which you are a party, and the nature of
which you do not explain. Is a question which.
I do not care at this time to discuss.
¦If I may regard the letter as addressed to
me officially. I will say: If this department
is under obligations to furnish information to
prospective litlcants In undisclosed proceed
ings, its responsibilities and labors are neces
sarily greater than they have ever been im
agined from the • time of its formation. In
deed. «s there are eenerally two parties • to
every controversy, it would be difficult to dis
charge such alleged duty to both parties In
view of conflicting Interests. This department
was not called into being to furnish informa
tion to private litigants. Its duty and its ob
ject is to enforce the Federal statutes as in
terpreted by the courts wherever there la
probable cause for believing: that they hava
been violated. "Very respectfully, i
P. C. KXOX. Attorney General.
Supported Grant and Got Shot.
Because John Canning shot Herman
Abel in the neck with a revolver as an
expression of disagreement of Abel's
statement that General Grant could free
the Cubans in a month If he commanded
the forces they, put in the field against
the Spanish, Judge Kerrigan has given
judgment against Canning and in favor of
Abel for $3000. The discussion that re
sulted in the shooting occurred in April
of 1S97. Abel expressed his confidence in
General Grant's ability and Canning, dis
agreeing, shot him. Canning was fined
$50 for simple issault and then Abel filed
suit for damages -with the result stated.
BLAKENEY'S MAN
IS AT LIBERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, -WEDNESDAY, £ AUGUST 21, 1901.
YOUTH AND MAIDEN WHO, BROUGHT TOGETHER BY CUPID THE
WAFFLEMAN, FLEE AWHEEL TO THE BOYIS HOME IN OAKLAND,
WHERE FIRST LOVER STEPS IN. AGAIN WITH WINNING HAND.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1enTSk-to-men['
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigror
to Men.
A Free Trial Packape Seut by Mail
t§ All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are^belnff ma led to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
irial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
i"-orn any form of eexual weakness result-
\r)e from vouthful folly, premature loss
of "trenpth and memory, weak back, vari-
coce!e or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. *
The remedy, has a peculiarly grateful
of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, pivlnp strength
fir.fl development Just where it Ik needed.
Jr 'cures all the HI* and troubles that come
f-om year*! of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
fill cases A reouept to the State Medical
Institute. 32S EleVtron building. Fort
V.'ayn* Tnd.. slatlne that you desire one
of their fre«? trial packape*. will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home Jo be treat-
ed and the free sample? will enable them
to'eee how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
f-.re employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
Font a free sample, carefully sealed- m a
main package, so that its recipient need
have -no f«ar of embarrassment or fmb-
Urlry. Readers are reauested to write
M\3 In the Schlitz brew- Fr|
p&Q ery cleanliness is car- p$q
|ip|j ried to extremes. We fjgggj
Pgi do more than is neces- fRjl
t/hJ sary to be certain of Lj\J
&||j The caldrons in mm
Sral which the beer is R$j
Ujm brewed are kept sen*- LLJ
nfl pulously clean and Kgl
|Sy| covered. The air in B&sj
p&i which the beer is Wfli
cooled is filtered. Ftj
P&i . The barrels in which S£|l
IgJ it is stored are cleaned gj&j
PTj with steam and soda, £)/]
|£\S tn . en glazed with rosin hm*J
fjjgl on the inside, then BH
IE&a cleaned again. The PBM
Ssgaa bottles are cleaned WyjL
[/(« with utmost precaution, Prj
P^ Still we filter the beer, ifcgl
fc|3J then sterilize every raja
PP* bottle, for the slightest KJJ
HlIjS uncleanliness taints LgLj
pig the whole product. It KB
rix| is in these ways that a&|
BEagl Schlitz beer has gained mt\%
L/taj its reputation for pur- QLj
|y| ity, and made Milwau- re|
iSS 'Phone Main W, Sherwood &Sher- |*vi
f i 3 wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco f+£ATHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
10
SAN KRAXCISCO CAM*. 0
. -
BUSINESS OFFICE "of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BHA2CCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. rn. '¦ ¦
S00 Hayes street; oi>en tmtll 9:30 p. m.
6S9 McAllister etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin 6treet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
C&tll 9 p. rn.
J05 Eleventh etrwet; open until 9 p. m.
109* Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
ICorthw«st corner Twenty-second ' and Ken- j
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 mimon* ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG KOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery .j._
No. 16, K. T-. 625 Sutter et— Members Tag"
are requested to assemble In full uni- |C3j
form at the asylum TO-DAY, at S w
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of escort- i
Ing the Sir Knights who are making the pll-
grlmage to Louisville to the ferry. „•
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
CROCKETT Lodee No. 139. F. and. A. •
M-— Third degree THIS EVENING.
August 21, at 7 o'clock sharp. By KX
order of the W. M. rv>
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ¦¦
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _*%_
DAY) EVENING. Aurust 21, at 7:30 7O\
o'clock. Second decree. ' '
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodse No. 169, F. and A. M.— • "
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J\^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- >£3\
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
XATION'AL UNION. Call- %fff??£7T??*V
fornia Council, meets <1 *
- TO-NIGHT at Pioneer >2"""
* Hall, Fourth street, at
6 o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
MERCEDES Oil & Development Co., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. — A special meeting of the stock-
holders of this company will be held at the
offl:e-T>f the president. 406 Sutter st, on Fri-
day. Aug. 23. 19CL at 8 o'clock p. m. By
order of the board of directors.
J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the !
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mis-
sion et. San Francisco. Cal., on FRIDAY.
August 23. 1901. at S o'clock p. m.. for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
and also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors froifl 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close Tuesday. August 20, at 4
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of dl-
tnn(irao'''Hor'sE!i for' saJe— con.
BOSTON Agency, ioirkarket St., opp. Fifth-
It -will pay buyers to call and investigate our
business chances for this week. A 30-room
housa. rent ?25; C6-room house, good location;
22-rocm house, rent $25; 11-room : house, a
great bargain; 15-room house, located on
Market st, rent $30, must be cold, party go-
ing East, good chance; grocery and bar, low
rent; good chances in cigar and candy stores f
second-hand furniture store, good location,
low rent stock represents its value, price
$1500. McBRIDE &, CO., 1016 Market St.. opp.
Fifth. . _J • -' - '-'-
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See these samples from big list aKmy office:
60-room hotel: clears $375 a month.. $6500
8 rooms; rent $25: clears $25 each month 32a
22 rooms: crowded with nice families;
almost no work; only $60 rent 1400
14 rms.; rent $45; Income $S2 from 6 rms.
60 rms.: cor. apartment house; clears $145 2500
44 rms.; sunny; quiet: furn., carpets Al;
rent only $120; house clears $150 month 3000
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592
75 R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R $1800
60 R 2.000 87 R 1S0O 19 R..... 1400
SO R..... 1.000 JG R..... B50 12 R 450
10 R...... 300 9 R..... 300 6 R 300
ATTENTION, buyers — Come in and see our list
of fine paying lodging-houses for sale or ex-
chance before buying. A. H. RETSLOFF,
" 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, room 12. ¦
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
$100— A LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms for sale.
1620 Polk st; call afternoons.
SPIRITUALISM.
FREE tests to ladles every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held: all tests private; no money accepted ff>r
tests: palmistry, clairvoyance and medlumls-
tlo talents developed in others under writ-
ten guarantee in 90 days or no charge: it
costs not one cent to test mv ability and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN. . 363
Geary st.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names: received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1CS4 Bush st; tel. 2275 Larkin st.
A— Mrs Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: dr. Sun. .Wed.
and FrL evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell Et : Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER has returned; circle 25c, this
afternoon 2:45 sharp; sittings daily, 10 to 4.
1S09 Stockton st. near Greenwich.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m.: every one gets a test: prl-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
•¦ attention. 121 Pcet. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
.-'EDUCATIONAL.'.-. 1
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR- MEN. . -
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably, low. tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of ' Mason
and Ellis sts. : opening night. Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1: departments— Art. business, civil service,
elementary, engineering/ / high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. , general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director..—.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, .
spelling, Spanish, etc. : experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat." free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; ; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of I
shorthand: reportorlal • phrasing taught: prac-
' tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited- preparatory
• school for the university, law and medical
colleges:- references. President Jordan, or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.' "
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand. . typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue. .
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
aer Naiilen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical aerency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. .
BOOKKEEPING, fleures; the one man who per-
fects b»einn»rs. college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeepinar and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $K0. San Fran-
clyco Business College. 1236 Market st
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, ] typing, bookkeep. $6 mo.
SPANISH lesions by competent old Castillan
teacher. PROF. MAYA. 210 Eddy st.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, miitar
lessons. EOc: piano for practice. 3!j Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 100S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College.- 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, irrnmmar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo.. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
'¦;¦..' •¦ . HELP "' WANTED— FEMALE. V '_ J'
AT C. -R.- HANSEN ¦& CO/S......104 Geary st.
HOTEL - DEPARTMENT ...... ¦ —
Head waitress, city.' . . .-. .... ;. . ." .'.'.'. '• . •• • • • • • •? 3j
: 60 - waitresses, city 'and country •..:.$20-$25
Man and wife waiter and waitress.... $40-$50
y Chambermaid, institution, city ....".......*.*13
'Chambermaid, city ....'...$17 50
Waitress, institution^.'..... ...........$2o
j^Dinner waitress "•' ....$2 oO
:....-....: FAMILY. DEPARTMENT
Cook and ' second (for September), 3 in fam-
ily, grown, $35 and $25;. working. housekeeper
5 for small family, country, $15; second girl,
: Santa "Cruz,. $25; woman with a child, $15;
houseglrls, second girls' nursegirls, cooks.:..
C. R. HANSEN & CO../. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a club; short distance; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104.
Geary st. - - ¦::'¦-.'¦
"A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575"
..."HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, springs. $30 and $25, call early;
16 waitresses, different first-class commercial
and city hotels, $25 and $20; 2 arm waitresses,
country, $25 and room, 'fares paid, choice
place; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook. $35 to $40 •
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT *.....'
¦ Cook,-- American^ family, country, $30, fare
• paid, see lady here no* washing or house-
work; 2 second girls," $20; German second, $20;
cook and second, $45; many others .;......:....
MRS. M.E. DAT,& CO......-.335 Geary St. ¦
A— STENOGRAPHER to work afternoon and
j evening. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
WANTED— Cook, no wash, $35. San-Mateo; 2
German cooks, $35; parlormaid and ' waitress,
$25; German second "girl, $25 ; 3 second girls,
$20-$25; hotel cook, $30; . chambermaid. $15;
10 hotel waitresses, city and country; kitchen
help, $15; second girl $25, San Rafael: laun-
dress, $30; ladies' maid. $25; German nurse,
$25; nurse,. $20; invalid's, nurse, „ $20. J.' F.
CROSETT & COt. 316 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 23 Montgomery, rm. 12.
First-class woman, pastry cook, institution;
waitresses, country hotel, $20. free fare.
WANTED— Chambermaid (German): good
place; must have experience; $25 month and
found. HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny st.
A . .. ~ \ l .- . . . .
WANTED immediately, , women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries . Co.. 425 Bran-
nan st. ¦
EXPERIENCED .canners for fruit: steadjf
work: highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st
l'' v ' : ''. .. ¦'¦' : ¦ '
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
•ummer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
:- ¦"¦ HELP ' WA£TE^^ALE--CjffB^j£ ]
A— MURRAY* & READY. . .... Phone I Main 5848
. . .Leading Employment and Labor Agents. . .
.......OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY......'
;.....'....SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY
; 75 teamsters "......Ukiah. .'...Free rare
100 laborers'" !... . ; .V". r. .Uklah : Free fare
25 men to cut right-of-way.. ...Ukiah
Free fare ...............Wages $2 and $2 25 day
-Blacksmith, R. R. camp, Uklah Free fare
...........SANTAFE R. R....
................SANTA FE K. R...
¦ 250 men to work on section, ballast, steel and
other. gangs, Stockton, Merced, Fresno and
, along Santa Fe • system • ...........".
-;.7.-. v V..;..S. P. R. R.— 350 MEN.......
Free fare Wages $1 75 day
.; MINERS..... QUARRYMEN .....LABORERS
- 5 single-hand miners, north, $75; 2 v miners,
new cinnabar mine, $35 and found; 5 muckers,
,$60 and found; 10 drillers. $2 and $2 50 day;
2 powder men and. drillers, city $2 day
.10 laborers, no experience, mine, Northern
California. $40 and found; 50 tunnelmen .and
laborers, $2 and $2 50 day
.....FREE FARE— LABORERS
30 laborers, • no experience, manufacturing
company, near city, $30 and found, free fare;
10 laborers, city work, no strike .$2 50 day
MISCELLANEOUS' FARMS. ETC.
Sailor for dredger, $40 and found; choreman,
- private place, see boss here
Milk wagon driver, J30; gardner, |30; stabje-
man, $1 6D fare, $30; 5 hostlers and stablemen,
di fiTerent [places • • ."". :
Foreman for a farm about gentleman's place,
see boss here :
Laborers for coal yard; 5 woodchoppers for
a mining company; * handy man to make
boxes,, orchard company," $30 and found; 5
men to work In fruit. 530 and found; 5 men for
hop ranch, $30 and found; 6 ranch teamsters;
6 milkers. $30 and $35.. '..
27 farmers, steady jobs, ranches, and or-
* chards. <26 $30 and $35; 10 hay. balers, $2 bO
day and foitr:il, 15C and 20c 'ton
MECHANICAL DEPT
Blacksmith, railroad camp, free fare; wheel-
; wrlght, country shop. $2 50 day; 3 blacksmiths
- and 2 helpers, $2 50' and $2 day; fioorman,
country shop.' $2 CO day; band sawyer, plan-
ing mill, $3 day; furnaceman, $65; 2 carpen-
ters; carriage painter, $3 day
. ..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS :.
Barkeeper, country hotel, see boss here
-Baker, mining camp.. $10 week and found
Second cook, mining. camp ".$40 and found
Head waiter, country $40 and found
Cook, small resort. $30 to $35; cook, small
camp. ?30; 3 , ranch . cooks, $25 and $30; sau-
sage maker, country shop, $35; chef cook, $15
week and founO: waiter, small restaurant,
$9 a week and found.: '..-.....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, private family, hotel. $40 to $50; hotel
cock, country, $50, * part fare advanced; 3
cooks, small boarding-houses, $30; cook for
ranch. $30; 2 waiters, for camp, $30 and found,
free fare: hotel Waiters, $30 and $35. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
2 BRICKLAYERS.'. $5; 5 rough- carpenters for
country. $3EO.day; farmer and wife, small
ranch. $o0: farmers for Alamecla and Santa
rectora. - M. C. GORHAM. secretary.
ASPHALTCM IIO'OFING.
J. PET-TIER, aspnalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom. 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces private ;bankniptcy; col-
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds: wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVTCE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without ruccessi- collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bids.— Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st..: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BOARDING POR CHILDREN.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; nice
sunny yard. 741H Folsom st . |
2 OR S children to board; good home & moth-
cr's care; S10 up: sunny yard. 1S07 California.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— 5400; CORNER grocery and bar with liv-
ing rooms; doing a splendid business; located
in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Krny.
A— $330; DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 furnished room?: rent $1S; location
first -class; owner accepted State position.
Call on R. G. WILKIE, 26% Kearny st
A— S70C: CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell et; rent $25: good
business; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE,
26»4 Kearny st
A— $430; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: 2
blocks from comer Market and Stockton sts.;
rent $30; must sell at once; owner to leave
for Manila. Call K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A-J250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least $100 per month: rent
$13: come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
•WILKE. 2GM Kearny st. ¦¦¦:'¦-
A— $fr+O; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: one
block south of Market st: daily receipts from
JSO up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et
A— $1?.OO: FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle build-
ing; come, investigate and you will find a
splendid Investment | Call R. G. WILKE,
161* Kearny sL
vate readings aauy. z»» nyue su. cur. ,cuuj.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer: sittings dally, 2
to 5 p. m. : $1. . 603 California st.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual test meetings,
8:15 p. m., 10c; sealed ques. read. 305 Larkin.
EGYPTIAN Moustafa. materializing seance,
50c: to-night, S p. m. 1610 Bush, nr. Franklin.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m.; 10c; read, daily, 50c.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readlnes dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer:-slttings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly; gjves an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 arid
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send ytnmp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
. HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions , in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies EOc.
gents $1; palm, and clair. -sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW j-our fate — Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c. 50c 1203 Mission St.; phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
German Epcken;25c up. ""TVi Market st.room 18
M. WILLE. crj-Ftal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; EOc. 326A Ellis.
MME. HANSON, card rpRder and palmist: past,
present, future. 108 Sixth st. second floor.
MME. LIDIE LIND MAY, psychic and s=cien-
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all~kindT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
"JAPANESE Intelllp-ence Office — Furnish . most
reliable help. £24 Bush St.: tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. HIM O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALES.
A WOMAN would like to wash handkerchiefs
and napkins at 10c a dozen; will call for them
and also deliver them. Box 4922, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wishes situation
in private house; wages $35 to $40. 41614 Na-
toma gt. ¦
GOOD woman ¦wishes a situation; is good cook;
would do housework; willingr and obliging.
579 Natoma st.
GIRL wants to do general housework. 322
Fremont st.
WOMAN wants place to do general housework;
small family. Call 1375 Minna St., near 15th.
WOMAN of experience would like to rent or
take charge of lodging house."* C. C. BER-
EXDES. 819 Mission St.
A YOUNG, woman wishes work by the day;
washing or house cleaning.' Address MRS.
HANSEN. 536 Second st.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes to do
light- housework; competent cook; city or
country. 136 Fifth st, between Howard and
Mission. • . . .
RELIABLE woman , wish«s work by the day;
washing. Ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 143 Sixth st., room 22. • -^
TWO sisters would like-, positions; one as first-
class cook, the other upstairs work; best of
references. Address Box 4938, Call office, j
TWO Swedish girls wish situations to do light
housework; 42 Elliot Park, off Steiner st '
JAPANESE girl, honest, faithful, wishes sit-
uation at housework or plain cooking In fam-
lly. Box 4917, Call, office. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 -week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
steady work nt good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
"WANTED — Young woman. German. Italian or
Swedish, to do general housework, assist In
kitchen and washing for Final I family; wages
$15 per month. Address J. SLADKY, Moun-
taln View. Cal. ' '
WANTED — Woman speaking German as work-
ing housekeeper by a middle-aged man with-
> out children. Call 1 to 3 or 7 to 8 p. m., 742
Geary st.
WANTED at once— Woman who is bright and
dresses neatly to travel for wholesale house.
. Box 4S46, Call. ; ' ¦
WANTED— By small family, girl for- general
housework .and cooking: wages $20. Apply
1217 Geary st, bet. Franklin and Gough.
Al VEST finishers wanted. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
AN experienced typewriter; hours. 8 to 6; sal-
ary $20. S. N. WPOD & CO., 718 Market st.
APPRENTICES on gents' neckwear. H. M.
HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st. . .
GIRL for downstairs work and plain cooking.
1833 Ellis st. . - ¦
GIRL for seneral housework, plain cooking;
omall family; good wages. 776 McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework, Alameda, $25; no
washing. Examiner building, room 607.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats to
make buttonholes. 631% Stevenson st. ¦
AMATEUR sineers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GIRL for housework; $10;' small flat; 2 in fam-
lly. 1039A Dolores at. __^__
GIRL, for general housework in small family;
call at once. 1409 Van Ness ave.
A YOUNG girl wanted for general housework;
need not cook. 1S31 Eddy st.
WANTED — A young girl for general house-
work. . Apply 1747 Post St.
A GIRL for housework; small family; a flat;
! wases $15. Apply 1554 Grove. . i, .
GIRL for light housework: small family. Ap-
Fly 503 TL.yon st.
YOUNG ladles to address envelopes, 70 cents
per 1000. Z. Box 4947, Call office.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl;
understand cooking and, housework. 317 Larkn.
GIRL for housework; no washing. 818 Oc-
tavla sf
WANTED— German Protestant girl for general
housework; wages $20; 3 in family. Call In
the mornlnc. 2517 Octavla st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure. Ap-
ply at the Emporium hair department. :
Clara counties, $1 day and found; gardener,
$30 and found ; German to work in wine cellar,
$1 50 day; man to pack apples and make cider,
$30 and found; miners, 12 day and board ;
: teamsters, laborers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kearny st—
Hop pickers; free camping ground, wood and
water;, good pay and long season; call and
register at once If you wish to go...............
150 teamsters ...*. :.$2 00
50 Grader3 $1 75
A — MAN and wife (waiter and waitress), coun-
try, *55
MRS M. E. DAY & CO: 335 Geary st.
A— YOUNG bell boy, no experience necessary.
$10 and found
MRS M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
: Buggy washer, country livery stable, see
boss here, salary $30 and found; bell boy, $15.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union^
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS, secretary;- telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline: Cope-
land, notary public, will issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 23,
Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
daily during the absence of the -State Board
of Barber Examiners.
WANTED— STEADY, ABLE-BODIED MEN
TO HANDLE COAL AT GOOD WAGES;
. . ¦- ' .'i - ¦> «
STEADY EMPLOYMENT TO GOOD WORK-
MEN. APPLY TO THE PACIFIC COAST
J COMPANY, BEALE-ST. COAL BUNKERS.
f3O0 — PARTNER -wanted: light business; must
be steady, reliable man : satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary gt. room 1.
CIGAE etore. One location, could not be bet-
ter; fixtures up-to-date; will sell for less
than its value on account sickness. Business
Beard Trade. 526 Pine st.
CIGAR stand in one of the best locations in
the city: -will Invoice stock If sold to-day.
Apply CHAS. MATTHEAS & CO., 1430 Mar-
ket 6t-
$250— PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
FOR sale — Blacksmlthing business, at Invoice:
good raying business in one of the best
towns in the State; owner compelled to look
after other interests. Address at once M.,
Call office. • :
BITTER and egg route for sale; paying $iso
per month over expenses; a snap for man with
small capital: roor health cause. GAMMILL
& MOCK. 906 Market st.
TO lease — A 43-room lodging-house in Marys-
ville: a paying business at present: nice loca-
tion. F. S. CARR, box £5. Redding, Cal.
A GOOD Inside .route on this paper for sal»;
fine downtown location. Call at this office
for particulars.
FOR sale— A good paying restaurant Apply
210 Townsend st.. bet. Third and Fourth. ;
FOR sale — 40-can milk route and depot: wagon;
2 horses. Box 4323. Call office. -
BNAP — Restaurant: water front: new range;
running order; rent J15 mo. 8 Washington st
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
S3P00 In an optical business; mupt either be
an optician or be able to I attend to corre-
Fpon<5ing, etc.: each receipts about $1500 to
r20O per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket st, San Francisco.
tlflc palmist; ladies 50c. gents $1. 128 Turk.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fiil consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 153S Markt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader anil
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie St., bet 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer CarDet-beat-
) ing Works. »353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
! CARPETS beaten. 3c per yard. STRATTON, 3
I Eighth st. Jessie, 844.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
1 BEATING, 3c: laying. 3c; renovating. 5c up;
; work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
: CONKLIVS Superior Carpet-beating Works,
j 323 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
; CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. . H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating nnd Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, wcrts; pain-
i less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
: PROF.Strapsburspr fromN.Y.. specialist on feet;
' diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronfrle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
i GEORGE W. KELLY;S Agency— No charge un-
i less pucce? sful. Room 310. 927 Market st
¦1
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Situation on private place by active
and industrious elderly man, to take care of
horses: good milker: useful at anything; ref-
erftices. Box 4945. Call office. • t ' .
MIDDLE-AGED man of good habits wants a
position in wholesale house: . grocery and
wine company preferred; good references. Box
4936 Call office.
USEFUL man wants -work; understands care
of horses, cow, garden and chickens; handy
with tools; good references. Address Useful
box 4920. Call officb. ¦¦
MIDDLE-AGED man. familiar with the city,
wants to drive and care for one or two
- horses. Box 4039, Call office.
WANTED— Position in shlpchandlery ' and
commission business: nine years' experience.
Address Box 4934, Call office. _ .
TWO young Filipinos, 18 years of age, desire
situations together as waiters or dishwashers
in country hotel. 405 Buchanan st,
POSITION wanted by man 37: strong; active;
t in wholesale house. Box 4SS6, Call office.
I .
JAPANESE, nice, good cook, wants position
cooking and housework; best references; 3
years last place. Box 4661. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook" and baker
wants situation; hotel, boarding-house or pri-
vate family: first-class In every respect. Ad-
dress E. MORIMOTO, 923 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ¦ ¦-" - • - ¦ ¦ ¦
FEATHERS RENOVATE D.
FEATHER nillowa & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2687.'
1 FINANCIAL.
GOOD, reliable middle-aged woman to do light
housework. 640 Bay st.
WANTED— A finisher on vests: • first-class
work: wages $9 50. Apply 461 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
' alls. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
GIRL fcr confectionery with some experience.
Address 1247 Polk st. 1 .
WANTED— First-class tailoress on pants. 211
Tehama st., upstairs.
WANTED— Girl in candy store. 949 FU1-
more st.
WANTED— A plain cook. Apply 2932 Jackson
St., between 9 and 12. -
GIRL with experience ' for bakery, to attend
store; wages $20. Call 992 Valencia st.
GIRL for eeneral housework; plain cooking;
small family; wages $15. 1401A Scott st.
WANTED— An experienced waist hand: only
. flrft-class need apply. 1264 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with second work and
plain .sewing. 1072 Ellis »t.
GIRL who understands German cooking and
. " general housework. 1440 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; small fam-
lly. 2120 Post st ¦:..¦¦-
YOUNG girl for housework and plain cooking;
good wages. Call bet. 8 and 12, 213 Broderick.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; good pay.
JUDA BRQS.. 109 Battery at.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received, at Call branch office. 8200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S
Valencia St..
CARPENTERS and Pile Drivers Wanted—
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
- pile drivers wanted for work on various Jobs
in this city; wages %\ f0 per day of nine hours;
men going- on now will be given police pro-
tection and absolute preference in all future
work, if: they prove competent; our asso-
ciation includes every contractor of conse-
quence in the line In the city, and good men
can count<on'fair treatment and steady work.
Bridge & Wharf Builders Employers' Assn.,
- . Room 8, 4 California st
s ". ! ¦_ ' zmz.
WANTED — Stevedores, seamen, firemen. ', coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wagei§; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer - lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time. will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
.Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
"WANTED — For a private residence, a neat flrst
class young man for general work; one who
thoroughly understands the care and driving
1 of horses and can attend to a small garden;
local references required. Box 4872. Call office.'
A PRIVATE secretary: .little bookkeeping;
general usefulness; good home; small wages;
short distance from city. Box 4944, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced packer for crockery
house: only sober industrious man need apply.
I Address box 48S5, Call office. ¦
8 CARPENTERS, good at shingling. Apply
412, O'Farrell St., or Ros3 Valley. •ISAAC
PENNY. . . •
FOR Bale — At Invoice price, the merchandise
«ore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Uosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
st Hfaldsburg. us a whole or each store sep-
arate: disasreement among partners th« cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN— Agents wanted at
once in all parts of California, Washington
and Oregon to handle a large body of cb»ap
land: quick action; good commission. For
full particulars address box 4764. .Call office.
FOR SALE— First-class family, liquor store
Apply to BEN J. GOLDMAN CO.. 11» Bush. '
ILLUSTRATOR wants partner to establish an
advertising agency. Box 3958. Call office.
GUN & locksmith business & building* for sale.
Aflflress S. F. Call Agent ftanta Cruz. Cal.
LODGIKG-IIOCSES FOR SALES.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. ¦ Phone Bush 328
If you have hotel, rooming-house or bu^inees
- to eell Hrt with us. We have each customers
for all fifzes and prices. Bee list of bargains.
C5 r.; rent $350; cor.; fine loc. & trans. .$4000
!<6 r.; rent 1175; cor.; good loc., fur., carp 5000
84. r.; rent J200; cor.; fine board 3500
26 r.: rent $315; cor.; clears $100 -.1600
Money loaned on deferred payments. 1% p. c.
15 r.; rent IC5; cor. Van Ness: boarders.. 1200
30 r.:rent ?28; fur.: piano: must sell.... 650
3 to 12 rms. flat* : elegant: $150 to 1500
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
fllOO— 15 ROOMS: EHli!: close In. •
55000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all. •
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell: rent $45; bargain.
$500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture: rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money-maker: rent $55.
S6T.&— * roome; now being furnished.
J?.-jOO— 70 rooms; Kills; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
In monthly payment*
from the profits .:¦
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WINSTON &• WOLF. 1026 Market st . ;
32 rooms; rent $45; reduced to. $1250
27 rooms: corner: rent T75 :...... 1500
125 rooms; a money-maker: see it * -
£5 rooms; modern; just listed.
! j DENTISTS.
j A^DR.~T. 'S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~streeC
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed.. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate;, painless extraction.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
i ket Et. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦ without, plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I $3 E0 upj plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
j flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
j p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
* and fillings; extractions or fillings by . my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
.experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. 53 50: fillings.
50c; plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental- Parlorg. 24 Sixth
i DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan. bldg.
! AT. Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
' on weekly installments; lowest rates.
j DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less axtractlon 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
daya. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. ;
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNO. 1341 ' Polk Bt. . V
_r DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair "and^ mo^les""p^rinanently
removed by electrolysis: facial. massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles^aTnegTu
lmate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. , Emma ¦ Spreckels . iuildlng,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 3SL
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. One.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
-placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
¦ porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PLATS TO LET. ' .
HAYWARD, 2, off Harrison, near Eighths-
Lower flat, 3 rooms, sunny, yard; $9; water
free.
OAK, 532 — Unfurnished or furnished sunny flat
8 rooms; modern improvements; cellar and
garden. ; . ;
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine rew sunn/ flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. - . ~ » •¦ , '
HAYES, 1751, near park— Modern sunny upper
flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath;. $14 and $18.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519V4 — 4 rooms and bath,
gas; clean flat, quiet neighborhood; rent $15.
WILLIAMS, 117,' near Post— Flat of 4 rooms
and bath. Apply 729 Ellis et. : >
HANDSOMELY furnished flat desirable part
California Et. Box 4752. Call office. ' ,
O'FARRELL, .1333— Modern flat,. 6 rooms,- bath,
yard, basement: reasonable to good tenants.
-V FURNITURE FOR : SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak! $4S 50, wiih~No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; reason-
able. Apply 1150 Mission St.- ' . - ¦ .
FURMTURE jV ANTED. ;"
CAL Auction Cor. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise; etc. ; phone , Jessie 2071. . ,-. • •
Auctioneer; W» P. Beauchamp," 2 Golden Gate
: ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. , Storrs, , 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price p<iid for furniture, carpets.
BEFORE selling your furinture; see'Abram's
; Auction House, 1105 Mission. ; Tel.' ; Jessie ; 1160.
TEL; Jessie : 761 before ; selling furniture," car-
.... pets, pianos, • etc. CHAS. LEVY;; 1135 Market'
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission '¦ st, : pays highest
-price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVES.. "•'.• . ,-¦•-" ."'.;¦:.•.'. ¦;¦
D. & F. new $1 glove," retailed at factory price,
warranted; kept In repair. -121 Grant ave.'d,. -
nwniiMMW ilium hp 'i ii''wf tin 1 1 iiur ¦ imnfomn 1 1 itnii) 1 1 Tnm
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. ~HANSEN & CO. ' S . ¦. . Y. .104 Geary st.
Railroad' work ".....:.......... Railroad work
Free fare Free fare
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
.................. FOR UKIAH .......;..'.
100 teamsters ....%... ..$2
100 laborers ........: $2
100 drillers. ¦; muckers, tunnelmen and labor-
ers for big railroad tunnel at Chatsworth
• Park, $2 to |3 a day
50 mason's helpers and laborers for Truckee..
..........: ....$2 to $2 25 a day
1 20 laborers for section work on Santa Fe sys-
-. tern, Stockton and Merced divisions, $1 75 day.
Free fare to all the above places.... Ship daily
• 6 laborers, country, $3 a 'day and found: 29
' laborers , for mines • and smelters, $2 \ to $2 50
a day; 2 blacksrrflths, country, $2 50 to $3 50 a
harnessmaker, country, $2 a day; uphol-
sterer, , country hotel, ' $2 a day and found;
farmers, milkers, choremen and others........
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
Steward. : country hotel. $75; head laundry-
man/ country hotel, $75 ; . second cook and
broiler, hotel, north, $75 and $60, fares ad-
¦ vanced; head cook,' country hotel, $65, see par-
. ty here; meRt an* pastry ¦ cook. . country ho-
•tel, $65; baker, country shop, $45; cook, -small
.country hotel. $35: butler and Indoor servant/-
$30 : 10 dishwashers. . and ": kitchen r hands. -, $30
and $25; ..French bedmaker. '< $30; ; 2 waiters,
' country hotels, $30 and $25; all around laun-
dryman,' country hotel. $35 and. fare advanced.
Middle-aged man, '¦ night clerk, country hotel.
'. $23: 2 neat young men. to: learn waiting. * $25
¦Jmd free fare: janitor for store In city; $40...;
C. R.' HANSEN & CO.. .... ..104 Geary ¦ st.
AT the: CALl EMPLOYMENT 'AGENCY,'
59 Third St., near Call bldg. .-Phone Bush 405.
. . : — ... .;..-„¦ .Railroad Laborers .......;. :." —
; Uklah..:..:..........:... ........:. .Uklah
,:....:........:.... free FARE ....:....;;.;..;.:
. 50 railroad laborers.... "...Uklah. .*"... '.$2 per day
GO axmen and teamsters.. Ukiah.. ...'.$2 per day
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno . divisions
, ;...5O shovelers for the Santa Fe Railroad...'.
..Reduced rates to Shasta and, Trinity Cos.:
. 10 tunnelmen ..'.....;...... ....¦.....'... $3 per day
;10 hammersmen .....V.'. .."...':..:.. ..$2 60 per day
i 20 laborers-:.....; :....'.. ..$2 25 per day
Sheepherder....r..V..$25 "per month;and found
2. all-round ranch hands.l to assist in milk-
ing, small ranch. ..:.-... ........:.$25 per month
. Edgerman. country. .V. :....::......: :$4 l per ; day
Pointer, sawmill ¦'. rr.rr.vr:'::. :..".. $2 75 per day
Sawmill blacksmith.. $75 per month and found
Man and wife, , private place, see;- boss here,
545 per month . and found..'.'. ....... v ..r... ......
BRIGHT boy about 15 years; general work In
store. A. KAHN, 142 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. A. KAHN, 142
Geary st.
B ASTER- on coats; steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED-Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen help; good pay ; . no fee. 127 Mason.
WANTED — lst-class operator on coats & under-
pressers at Henry Hllp's, 104-106 Battery St.
WANTED— Boy to run elevator from 1 to 7
p. m..~ Hotel Gray stone/ 66 Geary st
UNION barber, every afternoon. Saturday and
Sunday..-: 101 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— A barber; steady work. Cor." Sev-
enteenth and Sanchez sts.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush Bt, 3d floor,
' room 4. •".-.• ¦ .. ;; . "
WANTED— Stick candy maker in hard candy
, department. Louls^Saronl & Co., 601 Folsom.
TAILOR and cutter: Inducement with ' small
.wages; near city. - Box 4S73.' Call office.
CANVASSERS wanted to sell a good article.
r 731 Clementina st.. bet. 12:30 and 1 p. - m.
; BOY ; to learn k printing; $3 week.' at start
>.Young Folks' Weekly, -516 Commercial st. ; ¦
WANTED-^Carrlage woodworker and painter.
! 217 ' Ellis st. '-¦¦
AT Brunt's Printing Office, 537 Clay st, platen
; pressfeeders .wanted. . ¦• ¦ -.,. • . :
WANTED— Bootblack, ¦ good - wages, ~ at Russ
' House , Baths,' 217 Montgomery st. ;
ALL sizes 'men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ price. 563 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and . 2d sts.
BOY- about : IS; references required. 538 Wash-
r.-lnjjton at; , .
WANTED— A betimaker at 'Baldwin House, 30
Ellis st" " ; .:,V, ¦¦....' '-• •-.':-" " - -
YOUNG man or boy to learn barber trade. 793
Geary st. \ . >'
WANTED— Dishwasher /at 416 Third' St. "
EXPERIENCED kitchen , hand wanted; good
pay.'; 631 Clay st.\ ... ...
BOY who has worked'ln blacksmith shop. Ap-
. ¦-.' ply ' 1800 ; Folsom st;-.: ; • .. ¦ •
NIGHT 1 cashier for' Bay State Restaurant.
BOY to run elevator, longshoremen, • marine
firemen, sailors, non-union; no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny
¦gt.. room 21. . ; ¦ ¦
WAITER wanted; call early. 567 Sixth st
WANTED— A tinner or Jobber. 2987 Slx-
teenth st. - ; ,
WANTED— Good second cook; call early. Call-
fornla Restaurant, 105 California Market.
BOOTBLACfc wanted In barber shop; wages $6
per week. 539 Clay st. '- - - '
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1344 Turk. st
TOUNG man for stenographer and office work:
references required; position permanent; state
salary expected. Box 4SS3. Call office.
WANTED— A young man for domestic depart-
ment, dry goods house; references. T. A.,
box 4662, Call office.
WANTED— Drug clerk for Honolulu. Apply
at offic^o* of P. DOWNING CO.. 525 Mar-
ket st. bet. 9 and 12 Friday.
WANTED— Men and boys. Apply American
Can Company, Seventh and Townsend gts.
STEADY young man with some cash: $30 per
month and board; no experience. 496 Fourth.
COATMAKER for country. ' Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. }
WANTED-A shoemaker for repairing; steady
job. W. GREENBAUM. 345 Third st.
McDONALD &' PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work:
pays $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
have $150 cash. 765 Market St., room 3. -
WANTED— Cash boys. 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE BROS.. Inc. •
RANCH cook willing to do other work. Call
33 Fremont st. p
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 31*2 Twenty-
fourth st. '*>» ;
1C00 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
j tear Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, pood board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 23. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. _¦. .v ,- r-_ -^ •
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two* years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
' tools donated: wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Play st , '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
j office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. •»¦:*-.>:
I WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
I rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
i PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom.
cry st.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER, E81 Market st.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
bian bulldlns.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-3
to 50c. .'.33 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. s'v •-...¦
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
WANTED — £00 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 9,23 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rpfelvpd at Call branch nff3cp. 2200 Flllmore st
MIKES AXD MUH3TG.
100 SHARES Mon tezuma Mlnlne Co. will b«
worth $100 in two rears. Can be bought now
for $13. 1000 shares may be had for $210. pay-
able in Installments of $10 per month. Monte-
zuma shares always advancing:. The Mon-
' tezuma Mining Company Is a big, stron-j,
safe concern, and Is the only company that
has copper, coal and coke "under one roof."
We have a buyer for a copper mine; also
for a gold mine In California, Oregon. Wash-
ington or Alaska. In writing describe prop-
erty fully and name price.
We- hare for sale controllng Interest la two
adjacent gold mines In Northern Washing-
ton. These are properties that may speed-
ily be turned over at a handsome profit
$40,000 required.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
310 Safe Deposit Building, "'
- San Francisco. Cal.
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell small In-
terest for better facilities. See W c surp
ARD. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-h^nd~machinery M<>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021 103
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphonhones, Phonographs, Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 SO; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A— $3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes, cheap.
H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
2ND-HAND COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonlan staMea. 36 Hawthorne.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: I 4-horse
p. Colle, 1 2%-h. p. Hercules; at 908 Kearny.
TWO fresh milk cows for sale, cheap; fine
milkers. 2026 San Bruno ave.
GASOLINE engines, all size's; new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dresa
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis St. .
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery «*•
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
. rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery^ -
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Blmcome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BTHXAPT) fr TVRECK 131 Pout nt.
HORSES AXD WACOJS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. .Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED — A business horse and buggy; will
feed well and pay reasonable price for use
of same for two or three months. Box 4937,
Call office.
PRIVATE evrrcf. harness and robes for sale.
Apply 2350 Union st.
A BARGAIN in rood carriage, saddle, business
and, road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the. ROBERTS Harness and Wagon i
Co.; he sells too cheap. " 54 Eighth st. "
40 HEAD of work, and driving horses; 2 fa3t
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. ¦ freap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
rampiner wapon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St.
- Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^P^BFT^D^fisTTTOusesTtoTet ; i'send f or cir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..«H Montgomery.
FOR RENT— Large apartment, 723 Sutter. suit-
able for professional offices or general busi-
ness: arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN B. PAUL. 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave., 624,' bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister. nr. Laguna— 5 r.. bath. base.. $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET Fl'RXISHED.
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
. 9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which ara
rented, paying more than half the rent. Av-
ply at 79 South Park. .
"^HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Modern house or flat. 8 or 9 rooms,
north Market: about $40: 4 adults: no chil-
dren; will pay one or two years' rent in ad-
vance if inducements offered In location,
house, rent. etc. Address Good Care, box
4793, Call office. . : ..'• /,;,<
WELL and completely furnished -house of 10
or 12 rooms by adult family of four; north
of California St., west of Van Ness ave. Box
4760, Call office. .
WANTED — Nicely furnished 'house of 5 or 6
: rooms and bath, north of Market; state
I terms; references. Box 4921. Call office.
| SUBURBAN HOMES.
• PALO ALTO — Furnished house 13 rooms; good
I location; all modern Improvements: piano;
to lease one year; $75. Box 115, Palo Alto.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of AmeMa Kraus. No. 175-937. The find-
er will please return to bank.
LLEWELLYN bitch, white, with black spots;
email leather cellar. Return to 2809 Califor-
nia st. : reward $3.
LOST— Diamond locket -watch fob. Return to
932 Van Ness ave and receive reward:
LOST — Aug. 17, Fourth and Market, a female
fox terrier, tag 16S; $20 reward. 3735 20th.
LOST— On Howard st car, August 19, package
memorandum books and bills. ' Lansley &
: Michaels Co., 3S First st. Liberal reward.
FOUND — Hog; owner pay expenses and prove
property. Call 1553 Seventh ave., Butchertown
IT will pay to "Remember" thai the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
cold to make n»w watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.'
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1RS7; relia"b!e~sTconT
fid(»ntial. >lsts inc. MRS. HERTZ. .70S Ellis «t_
0: 'MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery : Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell »t:
tel. Bu=h'4M. ¦ ¦ '
-MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call ; and consult the renowned spe-
cialist My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands: the ' unfortunate
helped: relief In all cases taken; the most
obstinate cases have been relieved by my
treatments: free confidential advice onfall
subjects of a delicate nature: all classes of
. female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. r>p. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018
Market st. opp. Fifth; no branches.
RETURNED ...»
MRS/ DAVIES'Jias returned from her vaca-
tion and will bft^pleased to see her friends at
the old number, 122S Market st. '"
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
. in . confinement. 1125 ¦ Market . st. S. F.
DR. . TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses *und diseases of men only. -997
Market st. corner Sixth: entire. upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN." HIS Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist:* a priv/.home before and dur-
Ijig confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. , KOHL removed . from Market ! st to
410 O'Farrell st., between Taylor and Jones. :
MRS. D. ; WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell St., near Taylor.
MlSCELtAXEOrS WAXTS.
WANTED — Second-band shotgun: 12-gansre;
about $30. J. McGOVERN, 1400 Golden
Gate ave. : £""_-
BICYCLE, girl's, good condition, about $3.
Phone or mall K.. St'»ro Baths.
TILTON wants good semnd-hand clothing and
thpatrlcal gwd*. 154. 9th yt.: tpl. Fnisom 2.i?2.
JIOSET TO LO AJT.
AA^M : AH ATTAlTToAN COMPANY^ ~
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrst,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates. legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle buildln?. GEORGE E. OLSEN. \
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages A on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. .Becker & Co., 25 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers* salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST- rates en furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. ' Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1179 Market st, room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,0C0 IN trust to loan at. 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building. >
A — ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any .security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries Or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money, on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company: loans and discounts.
. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED. _^
LOAN wanted— $1000 wanted. For further in-
format'on address box 4S19. Call office.
MUSICAL ISSTBDME.VTS.
ALlcr^ranoTpurchaTeTof SHERMAN, CLAYlsi
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3 $4 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sta.. San- Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
DURING the next few weeks.- while so many
•people are striking, we are going to do some
striking ourselves. We will strike off from
20 to 30 per cent on all piano sales during the
month. ¦ Our-regular prices are low. but these .
special prices are so much lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
piaacs from $30 upward. THE ZENO M \U-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. '16 O'Farrell «t-
11.000 square feet of warehouse space •
250 pianos and organs to select from'
New upright planes from $135 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up"
Agents, for Chlckering. Vose. SterUng pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day!
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co"
sole agents for- famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls: grea™ ter"
ff » n "¦*. $30 up; Steinway. $183 o^FtacherContinued From Page Eight
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Builders' Contracts.
James W. Crowe (owner) with J.' J. O'Brien
(contractor). ¦ architect M. J. , Welsh— AH work
SAVINGS BANKS.
German' 1880 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt - . — Security 27o —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 — '
- STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — IOSL&H..I. « —
Geary — 50 Presidio — 40
Market 77 — I
POWDER. *
Giant ...75% 76tfIVigorit ...%.. SH 3%
SUGAR.
Hana .......... « 6}i Kilauea 12^ 13
Hawaiian ;....- 52 Makawell ..... 27 Vi 30
Honokaa ..:... 14V4 15 Onomea ....... 24% 2i
Hutchinson ... 13% 14% Paauhau 14 14%
„.-.-. . .^ MISCELLANEOUS. -
Alaska Pack.. — 130 Oceanic S Co.. 45 —
Cal Wine Asn. 95 97 Pac Aux F A.. 2 — -
Cal Fruit Can. 95 100 Pac C Borax.. 16» —
Mer rlx HO — Par Paint .... 16 —
/ Morning Session.
¦ . Board — ' -' ¦
75 California Wine Association 96 00
19 California Wine Association 06 50
10 Contra Costa Water ...76 00
310 Equitable Gas 5 00
25 Giant Powder Con 75 B0
25 Gtant Powder Con 75 25
50 Giant Powder Con .................... 75 12%
540 Honokaa Sugar Company 14 50
10 Hutchinson S P Company, cash 14 00
290 Hutchinson S P Company 14 00
$3000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds...... 102 50
5 Makaweli 27 00
5 Market-street Railway 77 75
20 Market-street Railway 77 00
55 Market-street Railway 77 25
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds ...106 25
30 Oakland Gas 52 00 ,
$5000 Oakland Tr Co 6 per cent bonds. 119 00
50 S F Gas.& Electric Company, s 90. 38 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Company 38 75
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds.... 136 50
Street—
100 Oakland Gas 52 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 Bay C P Co 6 percent bonds 106 50
15 Giant Powder Con :.. 75 75
5 Giant Powder Con 76 00
305 Hutchinson. S P Company 14 00
85 Market-street Railway 77 00
$2000 Oakland Tr Co 6 per cent bonds.. 119 50
$2000 Sac E, Gas & Ry 5 per cent bonds. 95 00
10 SF Gas & Electric Co, s 90.. 38 62%
40 S F Gas & Electric Company 38 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Company 38 37%
30 S F Gas & Electric Company .38 25
2S V Water .84 25
5 S V Water 84 75
1 S V Water ....: 85 00
Street— • .' •
60 Onomea Sugar Company 24 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ Board — -
100 Giant Powder Company 25
100 Giant Powder Company 26
500 Junction 21
¦ 200 Occidental of West -Virginia 47
9800 Petroleum Center ". 03
1000 Reed Crude ........". 35
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 50
'100 Sterling 1 35
; Street—
100 Sterling 1 35
Afternoon Session.
' Board— •.'... >;
500 Bear. Flag ,... 07 •" '
100 Cala^Standard 22
200 Caribou 85
100 Caribou 86
- 4 Four... 38
3 Hanford ; . .110 00
200 Home 3 10
500 Home' 3 25.
200 Home 3 20 .
100 Home 3 15
300 Home 3 30
700 Junction ..*.....'.... . 21
8 Kern 6 25
25 Kern River .... 6 00
400 Oil City . Petroleum 30
1000 Petroleum Center. . 03
5000 Petroleum ! Center '. ¦ 04
2000 Reed Crude — ..... ....'. 35
- 100 Sovereign 29 ,
. 100 Sterling 1 35
. MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board -yesterday: '
: -Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher. 10 50 Con Cal & Va.l SO
100 Challenge 17 3000 Con Imperial... 01
200 Caledonia ...... 25 600 Crown Point... 07
100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 100 Ophir :: 75
The following were the . sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: . • .
. _ . . Morning Session. . , __,
200 Best & Belcher 10 200 Ophir ........... 75
300 Challenge Con.. .-27 B00 Overman ....... 10
300 Challenge Con.. 26 900 Yellow Jacket.. 27
300 Mexican .13
/"Afternoon Session. -f 1 . . ."
800 Best & Belcher 10 400 Potosl ........... 05
. 200 Best & Belcher 09 600 Sierra Nevada. 14
5 300 Con Cal'& Va..l 80 250 Sierra" Nevada. 13
100 Confidence . . .1 02% 500 Union Con ....:.; 11
. • CLOSING .QUOTATIONS.. ">V\
: TUESDAY. Aug. 20-^p. m.V
Bld.Ask. ; •., BId.Ask.
Alpha .......... 02. 04 Justice 04 06
Altar............ 03 05 Ken tuck 02 04
Andes'. ....-03 04 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher......... 05 06 Mexican ........ .12' 13
Best & Belcher .1 10 - 11 Occidental...... 02 03
Bullion ........ 01 -03 Ophir 77
Caledonia ...... 24 26 O\erman ....... 09 • lo
Challenge Con.. 28 2a Potosi ....;..;.. .04 00
Chollar .". ....... 04 : (w Savage . . . . .; . . . 06 ' 07
Confidence - . .".". .1 00 1 10 Scorpion -..;:... — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 80 Seg -Belcher....- — ; 02
Con Imperial... 01 . 02 Sierra -Nevada.' "13" ¦ It
Con New York. — 01 Bllver Hill. .'...' 32-34
Crown .Point.... 06 St Louis;..:.... 06 —
Eureka Con ... 12 ... — Standard '....;. — 3 50
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate :;.... 07 —
Gould &» Curry 11 14 Union Con ... 11 12
Hale & Norc... 25 27 Utah .........:. 04 05
Julia ....'....... — Oi Yellow Jacket.. ,27 29
Edward Tatesto D. J. . McQuarrie, all Inter
est .In lot 17. block H, map Taylor and Pass
Tract, Alameda; $10. *
, Elizabeth Styles (widow) to Hermann Luken
(married), ' lot 6,' 1 block E, Berkeley Homestead
Association, Berkeley; $630. -
Mrs. Abigail Pattlson - (wlf e of George) and
Cora Smith (single) .to Bertha Smith (single)
lot beginning at intersection of E line of Court
street with N line of lot. 18.-- block 82, E 100 by
S 42:2, portion ¦ block 82. J. ; T. • Stratton's map
.Town of Alameda, Alameda; gift.
L. M. Flnlgan to Maria Flnigan (wife), ¦ lot
on W line of .Telegraph avenue. 68 S of
Eighteenth street, S 25 by W 100, lot 46, Camp
bell. Tract, Oakland; $L . v
Maria Finigan to Abraham McMahon, same
Oakland; $10. ¦ ¦ . ,
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Julius Deker
marek (single), lot 8. block I. map Andrew
Jones subdivision, Brooklyn Township; $ .
. Mary E. and Luther J. Holton to W. R.Clu
nes3. lot on E line of Union street. 75 N of Clin
ton avenue, N 62:6 .by E 148, portion block 14,
amended map Bartlett Tract, Alameda; $10.
¦•-¦ W." R. and Mary L. Cluness to Mary -E.
Moore, lot on- E line of Union street. 100 N of
Clinton avenue, N 37:6 by E 148, portion block
14, same, Alameda; $10.
M: and Eliza E. Rinehart to B. Gllboy lot
on N line of Milton street. 240 \V of San Pablo
avenue, W 30 by N 100, being E 20 feet of lot
19 and W 10 feet of lot 18, Milton Tract Oak
land; $10. . • •
Alazneda County.
¦ . Frances M. I Burke (Prince) (wife of Patrick
D.) to Charles J. and Marie L. Prince and
Mary C. Welsh (wife of Richard), lot on NE
corner of Moscow street and Italy avenue, E
115, NE 417, S 402:3. block 79, Excelsior Home
stead: $10
i A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to J. W. and
Ida C. Jacobson, lot 5, block 7, subdivision L
Castro-street Addition; $10.
William Ryan to Catherine Ryan, lot on 8
line of I street, 82:6 E of Twelfth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; gift.
James H. Nicholson to Benjamin Healey, lot
on W line of Fourteenth avenue, 225 N of D
street, N 25 by W 127:6; $10. .
Vincent Politeo to Rose Politeo, lot on" W
line of Tennessee street, 60 S of Eighteenth
(Solano), S 25 by W 100; $10.
G. L. and Emma L. Breese to Herman J.
Koch, lot en NE corner of Carolina and Twen
ty-fifth (Yolo) street, N 200, E 100, N 25,. W 100,
N 75. E 100. N 25. W 100, N 50. E 100, N 25,
W 1Q0 N -33, E 200, S 58, W, 100. S 25, E 100.
S 35. W 200; $10.
James, Martin,. Maggie, -Michael and Sarah
Daley, Julia Scharteg, Mary Lawlor and Kate
Cunningham (last three nee Daley) to Joseph
B. Coryell, lot on W line of Pennsylvania ave
nue, 200 N of Army (Colusa) street, N-25 by
W 100; $10.
Estate Michael Daley (by Frank Lawlor, ad
ministrator) to same, same; $2200.'
Ludwig Altschul to'Kate K. Forbes (wife of
A. B. ), lot on SW line of Second street, 75 NW
of Townsend. NW 23 by SW 80; $10.
Frances M. Burke (Prince) (wife of Patrick
r>.) to Charles J. Prince, lot on SE line of
Bryant street, 390 NE of Second, NE 22:6 by
SB 137:6; $ .
Kate M. Fitzgerald to Leopold Auerbach and
Nat M. . Raphael, lot on W line of Grant av
enue^ 40 N of Sutter, N 42 by W 30, to correct
1690 D 197; $10.
Louisa M. Babcock to Kate M. Fitzgerald,
lot on W line of Grant avenue, 40 N of outter,
N 42 by W 30, to correct 1690 D. 197; $10. i,
Dora Seligman to Shyer and Lillle Sellgman,
lot on N line of Green street. 177:6 E of Du
pont, N 64:6 by E 20; also lot on NW line of
Harrison street. 125 SW Fifth. SW 25 by NW
75; also lots 67 and 68 of Spring Valley Home-
Stead; cUt. ,
William J. and Margaret Burt to John J. Mo
ran, lot on E line of Mission street, 195 S Twen
ty-fourth, S 30 by E 115; $3400.
Anna Helbing to Sylvester Rademacher, lot
on S line of McAllister street, 100:3 W of Lyon,
W 6 by S 1C0; $5.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Henry
Muller, lot on S line of Fulton street, 121:1013
E of Baker. E 50 hy S 137:6; $10.
Peter F. and Annie C. Dunne to Mary D.
Conner (wife of Albert E. Conner), lot on W
line of Broderick street, 105 N of Clay, M 2S
by W 106:3; $10.
Fanny Cahill to Burr H. Mitchell, lot- en N
line of Haight street, 100 W of Scott, W SO by
N 137:6:' $1. etc..
Frances M. Burke (Prince) wife of Patrick
D. Burke, to Patrick D. Burke (life estate, to
revert to Mary C. Wel3h,/wlie of Richard
Welsh, and Marie L. Prince, in fee simple ab
solute), lot on N line of Geary street, 154:7 E
Of Iittguna, E 25:10 by N 120; $ .
William J. Ramsay to Henri Fabreeue, lot
on W line of Franklin street, 60 S of Grove,
S 25 by W 107:6; $10.
Henry and Sophie Hillers to Adolph F. Flts
chen. lots 607, 593. 595, 509, 601. 603 and 605.
Gift Map 1: »0.
Estate of Annie Kennedy, Patrick J. and
Margaret M. McKenna, Elizabeth A., Anita
B. and Mary V. Kennedy, by H. P. Umbsen
(commissioner), to Giuseppe Lercari. lot on
NE line of Silver and Barnevald avenues, N
150, E 274, SE 150, "W 2S4, block 12, People's
Homestead Association Tract A; $5150.
Elizabeth M. and Adeline M. Sherman to
Marie Wiegleb. lot on SW line of Nineteenth
avenue. 75 SE of J street, SW 100 by SE 75.
block 389, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $10.
Caspar and Sophie Zwierlein to Minnie IT.
Gray (wife of George FD, lot on NE line of
Masonic avenue. 125 SE of Java street, SE 25
by NE 125. block 5. Flint Tract; $10.
W. E. and Annie E. Strickland to Henry H.
and Margaretha McGowan, lot 17, block 4,
subdivision 1. Castro Addition; $1400.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emil Kehrleln, Ed Werner, "William
Griffin, Hiney Marks and James Devine
were arrested yesterday afternoon on
warrants issued by Judge Cabaniss charg
ing them with unlawfully detaining lands
and possessions of another with force- and
violence. The complaining •witness is A.
Murdock. The lands and possessions re
ferred to are three houses on Bacon place.
Murdock Claims Houses.
A small safe In the office of H. J. Owen,
coal dealer, 205 Jones street, was blown
open • shortly after 1 o'clock . yesterday
morning and $8 In silver, which was all
the money it contained, was stolen. The
explosion was heard by several people liv
ing in the neighborhood. Entrance had
been effected by forcing open the front
door with the aid of a "Jimmy." The knob
of the safe had been knocked off and pow
der inserted in the hole. The .rest was
easy. The only thing left for a clew. was
a piece of fuse. Captain Seymour was
notified and he detailed Detective Byram
on the case.
Safe in Coal Office Cracked.
Prices for the French crop are quoted
as follows: 50-55, 8% cents per pound; 55
65, 7 cents per pound; 70-75, 6 cents per
pound ; 80-85, 5% cents per pound, future
delivery September. The harvest of last
year was very good, both in quantity and
quality. The amount of it is still in doubt.
The minimum estimate is 800,000 quintals,
•but there are many who contend that the
total was 1,000,000 quintals. ~ In addition to
this 500,000 quintals were imported from
the United States. How much of the old
crop, native or imported, is still on hand
is not known. Sales of the old crop 'were
reported on July 27 as follows: 45-50, $6 85
per 110 pounds; 55-60, $5 60; 65-70, $5 21; 75
10, 54 82%; 85-90. $4 63; 95-100, $3 96; 115-120.
$3 09. - .
Comparing these figures with prices at
the advanced sales for the new crop may
give the California growers a chance to
estimate concerning the general opinion
of prune values at . Bordeaux this year.
Mr. Tourgee sent a competent observer
to view the crop of the present year and
he learned much. The estimate of the
total product is 580,000 to 610,000 quintals.
The newspaper reports in France put it
at 40O.Q0O to 500,000 quintals. The fruit is
of unusually large size and the reports
are to* the effect that there will be very
few of the smaller grades. All fruits In
France are of large size this year and
many trees are without any smaller sized
fruit. .
United States Consul Albion "W. Tourgee
has sent a report to the Commercial
Museum from Bordeaux, which was re
ceived yesterday, relative to the prune
crop of France, which contains much In
formation tbat is of value to th* Cali
fornia prune producers. One leading- point
is the outlook for the present crop. Tour
gee wrote that If the weather kept dry
as it had been for some days, the crop*
would be 25 per cent less than last year,
but of unusual size and fine appearance.
If the weather turns wet and foggy again
the crop will be small, perhaps not more
than one-half of the crop of last year, the
fruit being large but of doubtful quality.
Fruit -Is of Fine Quality but
One-Fourth Sh,ort in
Quantity.
Returns From France
Are of Importance to
California.
HOTEL AUBIVAIiS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Qulnn. Mo
Dr T H Shorey & w,
Vallejo
Guy Walsh, Auburn
L B Maloney. L Gatos
L C Mun. Kansas City
S Solon Holl. Sacto
J Saunders. Sacto
E L McKilllp, Nevada
W P Jeffries, Los Ang
J Morgan. Los Angeles
Ed H Quimby. Kas Cy
B Warner Rice. "Wash
B C Sallln. w & dau,
Los Angeles
Mrs H F Kelly. Kans
B H Mitchell. Colusa
Marta L How] and. Wn
TG .Walker, Watson? I
Jas rams Jr. Sacto
Mrs J Farrls Jr. Sacto
G Naher, Fresno
W W Worthing. Stktn
H E Adams. Stockton
R Luscombe, Los Gtos
L G Ecklon, Cal ' '
E D.Wright, Auburn
J Feunemore, Sit Lake
G Hailpam. Denver
H M Lull. Honolulu
Capt T B Pritchard&w.
Sausallto .
A O Shepard, Fresno
Wm Harvey, Oregon
O F McNoble. Stockton
F L Johnson, Los Ansr
F O Helm, Santa Cruz
Hattie T Andrew, Cal
Dr McColIum. Sacto
N V Goodwin. Phila
C E Bliss. Philadelphia
H D Hawver&w, Wash
L AFenner. N Y
A H Bllbertson.w&ch,
Australia
Miss S Whltelay, N T
H H Brown, Boston
B Gaffney. Australia
Mrs L H Behrens. Mo
Miss T> Kraft. St Louis
Miss £ L Kraft. St L.
W H Nichols, Cal
E Eqnlre, Cal
G J Kelly & w. Ogden
B B Tlngley. N Y
Dr J Jarvis. Rlverslds
G H Reed. Los Angeles
G Maxwell. Sacramnto
C L Newland. Phila
W J Ortmer&w, Cal
J Cronin. Spokane
P Joyce. Spokane
V R Larson. Lodl
PALACE HOTEL.
W A Brewer. S Mateo
E M O'Brien, Chicago
Mrs J W Dougherty.
St Louis
F O Nutts. Nashville
W J "Wiley, S Mateo
C MV Fisher Jr. U S N
C N Fowler, U S N
T T Williams, S Rafl
J A Schmltt, Pa
J B Bushnell. Los Ang
A Storrow & w. L Ang
Miss Storrow, L Ang
Miss Debyon, Los Ang
C D Porter, Los Ang
Mrs Tales, Pittsburg
W Fraser, London
3 W Walker, Sacto
W F Crosby, Colo Spgs
Mrs James, Gold Hill
J H Lewis & V7. Phtla
Miss P M Lewis. Phila
Miss A C Rosengarten,
Philadelphia
J P Smith, Livermore
F* J Grier. So Dakota
W W Welsh & w. Stkn
Miss Claverinsr, Engirt
C E E Quick & w,
Kansas
Mrs Loretto, S Rosa
J W Piper. San Jose
C A Harrison. Helens
W Hardee, Toledo
C S MacCalla. N T
G A Gates, Wyoming
J Underwood, Chicago
D S Rosenbaum, Stktn
W H Richardson & w,
Texas
TOURGEE TALKS
OF PRUNE CROP
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
(owners) with Western Expanded Metal and
Fireprooflng Company (contractors), engineer
E. C. Jones— Fireproof floors for a two-story
brick structure at 237 to 245 Stevenson 'street;
too.
except plumbing, gas fitting; « sewerage, con
crete work and painting for an additional
story on a two-story frame building on SE Una
of Sheridan street. 130 SW or Ninth, SW 25
by SE 95, M. B. 1; $1400.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
11
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, j 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. -
GREAT ' BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. -The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 Cal ifbrnia; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new. $60: anti-trust;
. all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
$100 DOWN and about. $15 per month, Includ-
ing Interest; plain but comfortable house of
¦"1 rooms, bath. - hall, sliding doors, front
porch and basement; very sunny all day and
in good condition; insured for $800; nice little
barn, driveway and garden; city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East; total price
onjy $1000 on installments; liberal discount
for a quick cash sale; street work all done;
near San Pablo ave. and local trains to San
Francisco; title perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage; Investigate at once. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for This .Property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
PROPOSALS will be received at' the Bureau of
. Supplies • and'- Accounts, Navy i Department
$ Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, Sep-
tember 10, 1901,- and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,'
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of steel shapes.
plates, rivet 'steel, clevis nuts, motors and
gasoline. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to. the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Office, rSan Francisco, Cal: - A. S
KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S.-N. - -
. PROPOSALS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses. U
$3250 — New home of 7 rooms, bath' and laundry;
Just cpmpleted ; close in town.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold; fine location. • i
$4500— New house. 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
. residence street. . -
Also a number of new homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth st. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REAL SNAPS.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10. t
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND rURSITURE FOR SALE.
PROPOSALS for stone • wall— General depot,
Quartermaster's Department. 36 New Mont-
gomery st., : San Francisco, August 20th; 1901.
Sealed proposals will be received at this office
. until 11 o'clock a.>m. on September 20th, 1901
% and then opened, for construction of etona
wall, along southern boundary of Military
Reservation, Presidio 1 of San Francisco in
accordance with plans and specifications on
flip here, ¦ which can be seen on , application
OSCAR F. LONG, Major and Quartermaster,
U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. I
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel; exceptional table; attr"ve rms.
BELL, The, 1773 Market— Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms, $10 up; others, $6; with gas.
Rooms Fon housekeeping.
CLAY, 1629 — Two rooms, nicely furnished for
housekeeping. Inquire 1528 Polk st
DEVISADERO, 1311i£— 3 or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath.
CUMBERLAND, 95, corner Dolores— 2 eunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; separate en-
trance; $10.
EIGHTH, 225 — 3 lovely sunny rooms for house-
keeping; water; yard; $10.
FELL, 572— Two large front sunny unfurnished
rooms, with gas, bath, range and yard, to let.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: i =. .- •• .
John H. Plnkham, 21, 1014 Treat avenue, and
Cecelia L. Madden, 21, 2752 Twenty-first street
Philip A. Newman. 32, San Jose, and Josie
B. Gitchell. 17, 97 California Avenue.
Charles B. L. Maurmann, 48, 1230 Broadway,
and Sarah Bury, 43, 422 Austin avenue.
Louis Lopez, 22, city, and Mary R. Alves, 20,
city.;. k* '¦ ".• .-¦¦...-
John A. Haas, 45, 164B Russ street, and Ma-
rie Mohlenfeldt, 34, 1063 Mission street.
Albert E. WallaceT 24, 153 Ninth street, and
May Dickey. 20, 238 Ninth street. ¦
Fred J. Hopper. 23, 1119 - Third street, and
Dora.G. Peters. 19, 3491B Nineteenth street.
Guy L. Addisori, 22, Sacramento, and Loretta
Kunke, 26, 44 Third street.
Francois Lasserre, 39, 2829 Twenty-first street,
and Marie Bardet, 29, 1123 California street.
2IABRIAGE LICENSES.
FOURTH, 437%— Fine housekeeping rooms,
suites or otherwise, from $10 up.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, three,
$12; three, $20; three. $14; also single. $5..
FULTON. 1206. near Scott— 3 sunny- unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry,
reference.
GOUGH, 115— New sunny room, $8 per month;
folding bed, gas, 'phone, hot bath any time;
no children.
BOEN,
SHANZER-In this city. August 17,' 1901. to the
wife cf Joseph Shanzer, a daughter.
'BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms; range; running water.
MARTINET, HOI Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MISSION.. 1063— Suite of rooms complete fur-
nished for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-window
with kitchen; single sunny room, $7.
PERKINS-McALLJSTER— In this city, Aug-
ust 20, 1301, by the Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
Charles N. Perkins and Charlotte H. S. Mc-
Allister, both of San Franciscoi
PATTISON— HABERLIN— In this*c!ty, at St.
Paul's Church, by the Rev. Father Leonard,
Robert Pattlson and Alice F. Haberlin, both
of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
OAK, 119 — Two front basement rooms furnished
for housekeeping; clean; two beds; yard; $10.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, ; completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
SIXTH. 216— Nice sunny furnished housekeep
ing rooms; also single; rent reasonable.
SUTTER. 908— Furnished parlor floor for house-
keeping and other rooms.
ROSS— In .this city. August 19, .190li Louts
Ross, . a native of Sweden, aged 29 years 2
months and 16 days. • - ':'¦:
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to , attend' the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
- lora of • the Gantner ; & Guntz ** Undertaking
¦ Company, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast Cooks' Association. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.- ' : ' ¦ -
RICH— Entered Into rest in > this city, August
20,' 1901, Joseph Rich, beloved father of Mrs.
S. B. Livingston and Mrs. J. Leszynsky of
New. York and Bernard. David. Geary and
Alfred J. Rich of this city, a native of Ger-
many, aged 96 years 8 months and 10 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. 108 Oak street, corner of Frank-
lin. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by
' train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
• 11:30 o'clock.
SHATTUCK— In this city. August 19. 1901.
John Henry, beloved husband of Martha M.
Shattuck, and father of Charles D. L., Leno-
ra and Edna M. Shattuck, Mrs. Robert Reed
and Mrs. F. A. Lowell, a native of New
Hampshire,- aged 67. years 9 months and 23
days. .••¦¦•¦--:-. . ¦ •¦ - . ..
CFrIend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at the family residence, 3371 Twenty-first
street, to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by % elec-
tric funeral car. from corner of Twenty-first
and Guerrero streets.
SMITH— In this city, August 20, 1901. William
Smith of Chico. brother of Andrew Smith of
. 419 Bartlett Btreet. this city, a native . of
Scotland, aged 51 years.
S? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Guerrero ana
Twentieth streets at 1:30 o'clock.
SHANZER— In this city. August 17, 1901. In-
fant daughter of Sarah and Joseph . Shanzer.
TURPIN— In this city, August 20, 1901, Juliet
Turpin, beloved daughter of Mrs. George J.
/Berger and the late Jules Turpin. and grand-
daughter- of Mrs. R. ,Gost of Colma, Cal., a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 .years 7
months and 9 days. ¦ : .*
E7"Friends and acquaintances and members
of Artemis Circle No. 120, C. O. F., are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 ' o'clock, " from
Foresters' Hall. 102 O'Farrell street. ' Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ARTEMIS CIRCLE, ' C. O. - F.— To the officers
and members of Artemis Circle No. 120, C.
O. F. : You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our late companion, Juliet Turpin,
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 -o'clock," from
Foresters' Hall. 102 McAllister street.
MISSF.VOLGUARDE.C.C.
THOMAS— In ' this • city. August 20, 1901. • Ber-
tram Charles, beloved son of Mary Thomas
and brother of Walter Thomas, a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 years 7 months and
17 days. . .
WILLE— In this city, August 20, 1901, Frederick
W. Wille of Mount Eden, dearly beloved hus-
¦ band of the late Maria Wille. and beloved
father of John. Frederick. Emil. Maria, Leo-
pold and Robert Wille, a native of Wurgas-
sen, WestPhalen. Germany, aged 69 year*.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking. Company, . 1209 Mission street,
thence to St' Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross^emetery-
WEBER— In this city. August 20. 1901. Joseph,
beloved brother of Michel and Emlle Weber,
a native of France, aged 47 years and 2
. months. ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦
(?r Friends and acquaintances are respect -
¦¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. 8. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Alcazar building, where services
will be held under the auspices of Barbers'
Protective Union, thence to St. Boniface's
Church. Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TURK, 625— Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
etyle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity: Janitor.
TWELFTH. 12— Bedroom and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
WALLER. 210 — Unfurnished for housekeeping:
beautiful suite of sunny parlors: lavatory, hot
and cold water, gas grate; grand view; also
sunny bedroom; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'JS
Valencia st ¦.
A— Newly— Furnished— Private— Residence.
332 O'Farrell St
-Parlor suite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
ist; Other suites and singles from $10 up; ref.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
g. h! umbsen & cx>.. i r~~] "
14 Montgomery street.
auction!
At our talesroom Monday, August 26, 1301, at
12 o'clock noon.
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY."
461 Hayes st. and 362 and 364 Linden ave.,
bet. Gough and Octavla sts.; substantial build-
ing containing store and 4 flats of 4, 5, 6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, stone walks,
etc.: rents $119 per month; lot 25x120 to rear
street. . - -¦
CHOICE OAK-STREET INVESTMENT.
426. 428 and 430 Oak st. and 471 and 473 Hick-
ory ave.. bet. Laguna and Buchanan sts.; 3
bay-window houses of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each: 2 cottages of 3 and 5 rooms each;
sanitary plumbing, etc. ; rents $84 60 month;
bank mortgage of $6600 at «6 per cent can re-
main; lot 55x120 to rear street.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
1736 Golden Gate ave., near Devisadero St.;
modern residence of 12 rooms, bath, billiard-
room, etc.; large grounds, nicely elevated and
commanding a fine view; lot 70x110; terms %
cash and balance can remain at 6 per cent.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS "PROPERTY.
187, 189, 191 Valencia St.. near Junction of
Market and Valencia; 3-story building contain-
ing store and 2 flats: lot 30x80.
SOUTH SIDE BUSINESS CORNER. «
SW. corner First and Federal sts.; 2-story
building consisting of store and lodging house
of 13 rooms: rents $35 per month; lot 20x83:4.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENTS.
No. 1.
SW. corner Bryant and Ellery sts.. bet. First
and Second; 2 stores and cottage; rents $35 per
month; lot 25x80.
No. t.
48 Federal St.: 2 flats of 5 rooms each; rents
$16 per month; lot 19x80.
No. 8.
50 Federal Bt.; cottage of 4 rooms; lot 18xS0.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
10 Beideman St.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
Scott and Devisadero; cottage of 4 rooms;
street bitumlnized: lot 25x90.
JANE LUDBY ' ESTATE.
Executor's Sale. ~s
F6lsom Bt, east line bet. 20th and 21st sts.;
choice building lot. 25x122:6; subject to con-
firmation by the court.
JOHN H. DALL ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
The following 6 parcels; subject to conflrma-
tlon by the court.
No. 1.
Fourteenth ave. and J st. south; 75x200; three
frontages.
No. 3.
Eighteenth ave. and H st. south; 75x200; three
frontages. • .
No. 3.
Lot 32 In block 11 of the Flint Tract Home-
stead Association.
No. 4.
Lot commencing at point distant 137:6 north-
erly from the northerly line of Pine st. and
77-6 westerly from the westerly line of Stock-
ton st.: thence northerly 2 feet by a uniform
depth westerly of 60 feet.
No. 5.
McAllister st, south line 275 feet east of
Broderick; 12:6x137:6.
No. 6.
State title to lot commencing at point dis-
tant 68:9 westerly from the westerly line of
Front ft and 120 feet southerly . from the
southerly line of Washington st. ; thence south-
erly 17:6 by a uniform depth westerly of 30
feet, being part of beach and water lot No.
150.
For further particulars, apply to <r~~ %
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
A. M. .SPECK & CO.,
667 Market St..
Opposite Kearny St.,
Real Estate Agents.
$100,000-Corner; 275x137:6; Eplendid improve-
ments; rented at $800 per month.
$51.000— Sixth-st. -corner: Wi blocks from
Maiket St.: rents $325; fine building.
$55,000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging houses: rent $260 net.
- $40,000— Sansome-st corner; lot 70x130 feet;
rents about $250: want offer.
$40 000— First-st. corner; 75 feet front: whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicinity- new
Crocker building.
$40,000— Devisadero-st. business corner; two
stores and seven flats: rents $305.
$S7,600— Ellis st.. close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
$35,000— Mission st, near Fourth; fine brick
building; one tenant: rent $250.
$'4 000— Cash invested in real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay i2 per cent net;
rents 5330: one tenant. - -
$15 000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale dis-
trict; 35 feet frontaee; rents $110.
$10,500— Van Ness ave., near Pine st; house
and lot TT
$10 500— Business property: Howard et.. near
Fourth: three-story building: rent $80.
«7500 Four new fiats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence within 130 feet Just sold for
$580fr-Corner: SW. corner Vallejo and Pierce
Fts. ; 45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights. ' . . : - - ¦ --
$4950— Two flats, only one-half block from
Market St.; rents $40; cost $7500.
$3500— A rare buy; 8-room house and loti one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market at.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estate
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
Rents collected. Full charge taken of property.
$16,500 — 75 ft on Mission st. and impts. for
factors" rents $112; a bargain.
$4850— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; very
sunny; rents $40; Twenty-third st.
$3750—2 flats. 4 & 5 rooms; Baker st; rents $41.
$3000— Modern 4 and S room flats;' California
Et. and Eighth ave.: rents *30.
52150 — Snap; Clay-st. lot, 25x100; north side;
fine residence location.
$6000— Bargain; Howard, nr. 8th; bus. prop.
SUNSET HEIGHTS PARK LOTS.
• f500 TO $S50— ON EASY TERMS.
$S25 — Eleventh ave.. between H and I sis.,
near Park music stand; cars pass block.
$3250— Houses— easy terms— above block, 6 and
7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans at office.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery St.,
room 11; branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
FOR Sale— Elegant n*w cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; large lot; on 27th
st. near Guerrero. Indulre on premises.
SOUTHWEST corner Seventeenth and Church
Ets.. lot 100x100; partly improved; make an
offer. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 11
City Hall square.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts,- $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: *A cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY APYERTISEMNTSJ"
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. *
AUCTION
AUCTION :.
AUCTION
CHOICE— BERKELEY— PROPERTY
Do not fail to attend the grand special sale
of residence property In Berkeley, on
Saturday Afternoon 3 O'clock Sharp,
August 24, 1901.
On the Premises.
An opportunity of a lifetime to secure pretty
well built cottages at your awn price. There
are aleo 50 line buildings lots.
Take 2 o'clock boat and train to Dwight way
station.
Property lies between Ward and Derby Bts.
and Telegraph and Shattuck aves.
Get a catalogue from
• EASTON. EIDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.. S. F., .
Or 2523 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. !
HOMES IN BERKELEY. . '.
I $2700 — New 6-room house. $200 down. $25 per
month. $5000 — Fine r«>w modern house, with
. large lot. $1800— 5-room cottage, with' 2 lots.
$1650 — New 6-room house. $2700 — 8-room hou&e
in West Berkeley, with 3 lots, fruit trees,
flowers.- windmill. ' $1200- : -4-room cottage; a
fine bargain. $850— 4-room cottage. $2200— A
fine 6-room cottage at Lorin, no better bar-
gain In Berkeley. $1400— 5-room cottage, $500
down. $26 £0— New • 6-room . modern house,
very homelike, $350 down, near street cars;
all street -work done. $4000 — 11-room house,
$300 down, monthly payments. $3250— 6-room
house in Scenic Tract. Several bouses in
West Berkeley from $1500 upward. . », ¦
SATOFF & WILKINS.
¦ C-\: 2121 Center st.. Berkeley, Cal.
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE.
A nice 5-room cottage, near cars, $2250.
Also a good 6-room cottage, near cars and
University. $2600. . ¦ . ,
Bought on easy terms; a flrst-class 7-room
bouse; new; in choice location; $3750. -
-^ MAY & MORTIMER.
2123 Center St.- Berkeley. Cal.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRl'ITYALE FPRMSHED HOUSES.
AN unparalleled opportunity; Fruitvale, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; two blocks from
two street cars and public school; completely
furnished cottage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-'
house, pigeon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds;
200x130 feet; with fruit orchard; 20 minutes
from Oakland or one hour from S. F. ; $25 a
month. Apply J. B, FREUD. Mills building.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25« to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
liko the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
ASTOR Hotel, Powell and Clay— New house;
newly furn.; home for gents; grill attached.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room," return call bells,
flrst-class, quiet, central.
FIFTH. 264— Large, well-furnished front room;
closet; bath; 1-or 2 young men; cheap. . .
FIFTH, 119. second flat— Furnished rooms, sin-
gle and double, from $1 25.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
eultes and single; travelers accommodated.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; $10; also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET, 1802 — Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NINETEENTH. 3439, cor. San • Carlos ave.,
bet. Mission and Valencia sts.— Elegantly
furnished sunny front parlor: new; piano;
bath; phone; suitable for 2 ladles, gents,
music teacher or artist; $12 50 per month.
MINNA, 911% — Two single furnished rooms,
large and sunny; $5 and $7.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
Offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellin— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER. 309— Changed, hands; rooms $1 CO a
week up. ' - - . . .
STOCKTON, 332— Nice "sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
TO refined lady, nicely furnished sunny room;
private family; references; $8. Box 4916; Call.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant ruites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
TURK; 543 — Nice single room for young man,
with bath; private; $1 25 per week. ¦ '
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references. '' ¦ - "
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny well furnished
room; phone; bath, etc ¦ .¦¦ ,.• .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European Ulan), 24 Turk
St.. near Market — Central location: new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the c!tv; references;
take Market-Bt. cable cars to Turk st.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 24, at 1 o'clock, from the' par-
lors • of ! H.. F. ¦ Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eigrhth. thence
to New Jerusalem-Church,. O'Farrell -street,
between Webster and Fillmore, where Berv-
ices will be held. Interment i Odd Fellows'
Cemetery..: Remains at undertaking parlors.
H. W. QUITZOW, G. S. .
PIERCE— In this city, August 19, 1901, Maria
Louisa,, beloved mother of William James
and Charles O. Pierce, sister of Mrs. Alan-
son Foleer of Sebastopol. and grandmother
of Evelyn Pierce, a native of Cincinnati,
Ohio, aged 70 . years 6 months and 15 1 days.
(Cincinnati . papers please copy.) :¦ - . . • •
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),' at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1105 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 a. m.
¦train from Third and Townsend streets. .¦
KNIGHTS and Ladies of Honor— Officers and
members of the Grand Lodge and members
of the order will assemble to -attend the fu-
neral of Sister • Bertha OpDenhelraer, late
grand sentinel of the G. L., and a member
of Martha Lodge, at 1105 Golden Gate ave-
nue, at 10:15 o'clock, to-day (Wednesday).
Z. T. WHITTEN, G. P.
ICyFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 43O>. Seventh street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment- Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦'-
OPPENHEIMER— In this city. August 19, 1901,
Bertha, beloved wife of Ellas Oppenheimer,
and mother of Flora, Zellna, Sadie and Mil-
ton Oppenheimer and Mrs. H. J. Lyons, a
native of Germany. A member of Martha
Lodge No. 241, K. ? and L. of H.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
between O'Farrell and Geary streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be, cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ...
MORRIS— In this city, August 19, 1901, Harold
J., clearly beloved , and only son of Patrick
J. and Mollie Morris, and grandson of Den-
nis and Annie Morris and Philip Brady and
the late Lizzie Brady, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 6 months and 23 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H.- J. Truman & Co., -318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KELLY— In Carson City. August 18, 1901, Mike
Kelly, husband of Minnie Kelly, son of
Michael and the late Catherine Kelly, and
brother of Mrs. T. \V. Donahue. Mrs. W. H.
Cowan, .-Mrs. George Howes and Mrs. P. F.
Grennan, a native of Grass Valley. .(Grass
Valley papers -pleass copy.)
. CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), * at 4 o'clock, from the ¦ parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
HOLLAND— In this city, August 19, 1901, Har-
old August, .infant son of .August and Ame-
lia Holland, a native of San Francisco. . .
HAGERT— In this city, August 18, 1901.. James
Hagert, a native of Scotland, aged 43 years.
JONES-'-In Watsonville, Cal., August 18, 1901,
Lillle B., beloved wife of D. M. Jones, moth-
er of Ethel, Melvln and Everett Jones, and
daughter of John McLean of Santa Rosa, a
native of New York, aged 36 years. (Santa
Rosa and Stockton papers please copy.)
[CyNotice of funeral ' hereafter. ,
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, August 20. 1901.
Helena Goldstein, a native of Germany, aged
75 years. . '
HOOPER— In this city, August 18, 1901, "Wil-
liam Hooper, beloved father of Ethel Gladys
Hooper, son of Mrs. Jane Hooper, and brother
of Mrs. Elizabeth Buckingham. Mrs. M: J.
Osborn, Frank Hooper and Mrs. *Anna Gale,
a native of England, aged 48 years and 1 day.
(T7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 82S Haight street,' thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CONN— At Long Beach, August 20," 1901, Fran-
cis, beloved husband of Elizabeth Conn, and
father of Mary Conn and the late Fred and
Frank Conn; a native of Kent; Conn., aged
64 years 5 months and 13 days.
CAHILL— In this city, August 19, 1901, Mn.
Frances Cahill, beloved wife of the late
James F. Cahill, a native of Ireland. -
DIED.
Cahill, Mrs. Frances Pierce, Maria L.
Conn, Francis Robs, Louis :
Goldstein, Helena Rich, Joseph"'. "
Hooper, William Shattuck. John H.
Holland, Harold A. Smith. William
Hasert. James Shanzer, Infant
Jones, Ltllie B. Turpin. Juliet
Kelly, Mike Thomas. Bertram C.
Morris. Harold J. Wille. Frederick W.
Oppenheimer, Bertha Weber. Joseph •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei\ed at Call branch of floe. 2200 FHlm.">re st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flll&ore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
(Successor to -. Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
' •¦ . " Tele"phone South 80. " .?'
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. . ,
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine : sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
Mt. Olivet
. . Ban 4tateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
; •:-""? I :.;j. HENDERSON.' Manager.
GENTLEMAN with good reference wants a
quiet, gunny room, $8. Box 4948, ¦ Call- office.
ROOMS WANTED.
Eugene McGinn. • McGINN. BROS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmera, -n
• .;. -81 EDDY, STREET. , V? J;
Telephone I South 252. ? ..: , Ban . Francisco.
No Connection With • Any Other House .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD: tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city_ or country. PACIFIC • COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. tel. C5S0.
AVcAVOV -«fc; CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3
. 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9Uu>
, -.-¦'. Telephone South 247/ ¦ ¦¦.-;>¦
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca-
tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated ;• con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 614 Pine.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES :AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
MPSICAL IXSTRPBIE\TS--<;on.
ONE hundred pianos; 20 different factories rep-
resented; great car loads still coming. See
us at 033 Market St., opposite Mason (Branch
Ptore at 831 Broadway. Oakland. The WILEY
E. ALLEN CO.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS! i
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Ham-
ilton -anfl Spielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAU2Y*S. 308. S10, 312 Post
SPECIAL sale of Hazelton and all flrst-class
I'lanos continued until August 23; easy terms;
V 0 ."* "rtss this opportunity. The J. DEW-
ING CO.. 12 Flood building.
ANOTHER cleaning-out Fale of storage pianoa
?A. your own Price; $6 installments; no reserve.
-VMLSON-S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market Bt.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: etandard
.J^y; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
A J. KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk et.. near Market—
>nontngcr. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
CALLED away; forced to sacrifice: large 3-
pedal upright piano. S16 Turk st.. near Hyde.
AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
_ Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on 6ale, $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
riEht piano. Itoom 38. 217 Geary Et.
A SPECIAL for this week— f400 piano for $275.
BnUEKX. 208 Post gt.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
S VS^ 1 5 R x ' io:ins . zithers, old and new. iE*
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
STWICWAT. $100: Hartman. $100; elegant new
plar.og. n50 up. W. C Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
G 22£-r*^2 n<J ~ ban<1 "Pright lor sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A FIXE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Ailifter et.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. 22S, near Sansome— Handsome large
store, very cheap, to good tenant.
Oil..
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: all
• j *i»es: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
PALMISTRT.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading: lessens given. 617 Jones st
PAISTERS AXP PECO RATO RS.
Rooms papered, $3 50 up: tinting & whitening.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Red 352L
PERSONALS.
"WANTED— Information as to whereabouts of
one MRS. SAXTON*. In 1SS2 and 1S93 lived
In Sierra County, Cal.. near La Porte. Later
heard of at Vacaville. Cal. "Will learn of
EOir><?thinr to her advantage by addressing
R. H. K1NGDOX, box 275. Berkeley. Cal.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy Is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
117 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror,
fl — Solid oak chair: factory price.
S2 — Enamel beds, all eizee. TeL Folsom 1328.
Searey'g Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. fI5 up; fine dress cults. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIMO BORETTrS
Heirs will hear something to their advantage
by addressing box 561, General P. O., New
York.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady in at-
tendance. 9S5 Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25c.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, tingle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1S12 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
LADY specialist— Face and scalp; treat ladies
at their homes. Box 4S96, Call office.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
rnent; done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
r>R. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
ECPERFLTTOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. S17 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
M rapes, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
DR. cTc O: DONNELL^Of flce~and residence.
1021% Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the heman body: see
. teftlinonlals at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St. : see testimonials at office.
PL A$t \G AXD TU R.\l.\ G ailLLS. ~
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
zrA Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
UKAL ESTATE! CITY FOR SALE.
B ALDw7n~^~HOWELlT^To Montgomery st
J3000— Rents $960 a year; newly Improved
corner: containing etore and flats; else 75x75;
Bryant Et
J3500— Reduced from $4000; bay-window cot-
tage; 7 rooms ar.d bath; lot 30x122:6; owner
anxious to sell; Folsom et.
' $4500— Leavenworth-et. corner; house of S
rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 4Sx.6S:9.
$2300 — Sold to satisfy undivided Interests;
Clara St., near Fourth; rents $30 per month;
lot 25x75.
•
34250 — Rents $43 per month; lot runs through
to rear street; store and flat above of 9
rooms and bath; Clay et.. near Mason.
$4000 — Cattro-et. residences; entirely new;
" rooms and bath; near Twentieth et.; easy
terms if desired.
$3700— Elegant cottage on Treat ave., near
Twenty-fifth st.; 5 rooms, bath, baeeroent,
etc; lot 2jxU5, to an alley.
$23,500-Eutter-Et. property; large lot, 58x140;
rents $1950 a year; bargain.
S7000— Reduced from $7SO0; lot 27. 6x137 :€,
-with 3 separate flats, on north side of Hayes
et.. not too far out; well lighted, sunny and
containing 6. 7 and 7 rooms and bath each
present low rents $66 per month; can be
easily rented for $75 per month; a genuine
bargain.
$25,000— Beautiful Pacific Heights residence;
sunny corner; large lot; modern house 1
rooms. 2 baths, large basement and conser-
vatory.
$8000— Eddy et.. north line, near Laguna;
lot 25:9x120 to Willow ave. In rear; 2 modern
small flats; cost $52C0 to build; also 2-story
house; mortgage $3500, can remain.
$6500— Income $5$ per month; 3 separate flats
and house of 6 rooms on rear street; lot has
double frontage. Filbert St.. near Mason, and
running through to Valparaiso et. '
$7730— Rents $S0 per month; flats and rear
hou6e on Grove st. ; only a short distance from
City Hall; pays well.
SC200— Residence en Green St., containing 9
rooms and batn; house should be seen to be
appreciated; a perfect home; lot 26:6x137:6.
$11,250— Three new flats, near Jackson' and
Polk: rents $102 50; very desirable and cheap.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Choice Sunset installment lots and new cot-
tagei Just finished on eapy terms; prices mod-
erate; payments only $10 per month; lots
level; on official grade; streets macadamized;
gas. water and mail service; Nlneleenth-ave.
boulevard; H st. and Park entrance; also
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth aves. - Call at
branch office, corner of .H et. and Ninth ave.,
south of Golden Gate Park; open every day,
Sundays and holidays. -
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery Bt.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner Building.
$15.000— Corner on Polk St. near Sutter: posi-
tively must be cold: Immediate offer wanted.
$750 cash— Small flats; always rented; pay
well; good tenants.
$600— Cheapest lot north of the Park; lot Is
very large; a pickup: fine view of bay and
ocean: coet owner $1400.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building.
jeyK) — TERMS to - >utt; handsomely decorated
eunny 10-room residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible latest
ImptB.; heater*, registers. 6 basins; plate and
art class windrows; marine and park view:
choicest of any near panhandle: large lot,
26:6xC3xl00; Fulton et.. , near Shrader: Hayes
or McAllister cars; open from 1 to 6 p. m.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
i.r.ii west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUXN. E30 California Bt.. S. F. Sav-
i ings Union building.
BIX. ee\-en and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th, ISth, Castro
and Noe ets. ; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-Bt. .cars. F. NEL-
8ON. builder.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each. * cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th:; other, machines.
SLOT MACHINES.
The Odd - Fellows' ' Cemetery 'Association
Point Lobos ave., S. P., Cal.
The ordinance ¦•¦• prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day of August, 190L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither: does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less - harmful : to the living . than - tha
ashes , of their dead. , ¦
¦ Permits - to ' cremate - will f be Issued by tha
Board. cf. Health the same as heretofore.
ciTznritns n. fletcher. Manaeer.
CREMATION.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• i • Steamers leave ' Broadway
Ufa Wharf. San. Francisco:
MBk^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
99ML every fifth day. Change ta
MsJfVjJtek company's steamers at SeattI*.
I HNEwl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i HgKSifl 3*1 C). Port Townjend, Seattle.
! BfiaHL^ISgaf Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
1 f^^^fifliSkl » nd New Whatcom ("Wash.) —
ii a. m.. every fifth day.
Change at Seattls for this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For. Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Dleso. stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California. "Wednesdays. 9
a. m. •
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru*.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayncoa. Port Harford
<San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and "Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays.
9 >. m.
For Ersenada. Magdalen* Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa!!i
and Gmymas (M«x.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's*
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanc»
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without t""evious notice.
TICKET OFFTCE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace JTotM).
GOODALL. PER'TTNS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
_-:
O. /?. & N. CO,
Only S tnnxnshlp XjIxxo to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to ttTl
rolnts Fast. Through f telcetW to all
. point!*, all rnV or utennw'iiii nn'i rail, at
XjO-trtTBSST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEETH and HSAL\
SS. COLUMBIA
..„• Sails Atlg. 21, 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. TV. ELDKR :
Sails Aug. 26. Sept. 5. 15. 23
D."W.HITCHCOCK.GEN'.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW ?O»JL SOUTH >.K»T0!?. LOTOC5. P1BI1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul August *fSt. Paul Sept. IS
St. Louis Sept. * St. Louis ....... Sept. 23
, Philadelphia ...Sept. Ill Philadelphia ....Oct 2
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorlc and Antwerp,
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Kensington ....Sept. 11
Frlesland .... August 2S Zeelrnd Sept. 23
Southwark Sept. 4 Friesland Oct. 3
Vaderland Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbormd.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WTLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, ate. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing. - .' ... -. ¦
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Wednesday. September 4. 1MI
SS. NIPPON MARU..Frlday. September 27. 1331
SS. AMERICA MARXJ...
- i : Wednesday. October 23 19<»t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanics,s.co.ssi
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only.....'...
Saturday. August 31. 2 p. m.
S. 8. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 22, 10 a. m.
S. a AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
"Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
J. D.SFREGIOS & BROS. CO., fimral Agsnis. 327 Wartot SI
Esn'l Passenger OJSa, B43 JJirlcat St., Pier lo. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA........Sept. 31 COLOMBIA.... Sept. 14
GUATEMALA. Sept. WlTUCAPEL Sept. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral - and South 'American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) I Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R,
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *103; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre«.
S. S. ArUyll u'lli Friday, An£. 23
6. 6. Leelanaw sails , Ang.
S. 6. Argyll sails , Sept. S
From Howard street at X p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIB 8ZNSBALS TBAJTSATLANTIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _- <M[> •
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4Rffljj|
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier. 42, wHfunn*
North River, foot of Morton street; La
Bretagne. August 29; La Champagne. Septem-
ber 5; 'La Savoie, September 12; •L'Aqultalne.
September 19.- - •
Finst class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to- Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA ' 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F.' FUGAZI & CO.. Paciao
Coast Agents. S Montgomery avenue, San
Francisco. Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket
Agents. ••- Vi "
Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND B1VEH STEAMERS.
F0RiTs7nAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
- 9:« a. m.. .t:ti and ' 8:30 v. m.. except Sun-
dav. •¦ Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves)
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 coon. S p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m..-«:15.p. m. Fars 50
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of*
flee, pier «. Mi»sion-rt. dock. HATCH BRO9i
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Yeai-
storage: and ! warehouses.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell st*. ; tel.', Main 5713. ;.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
GOLDEN WEST' Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st: tel. Howard 941. | F. W. ZEHFUSS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. .- Ebenezer Knowlton's petition for a writ
of mandate to compel the Board of Edu
cation to reinstate him In the position of
vice principal of the Everett Grammar
School was submitted for decision by
Judge Seawell yesterday. Knowlton con
tends that as his suspension resulted from
charges filed against him by Mrs. Bann
ing, a member of the department, instead
of Superintendent of Schools Webster, as
required by law, the same is illegal.
Knowlton's Case Submitted.
' Black hails from Hamburg, Arkansas.
He claims to have served an enlistment
with the Twentieth Infantry and to have
been in the Philippines as a civilian scout
with the Thirty-fourth Regiment of
volunteers. He has made four trips to
Manila, he says, returning the last time
on the Aztec. Until a few days ago he
worked in Rio Vista and came here 'to
take advaptage of the high wages offered
for non-union teamsters. *
Black, who appears to be simple minded,
declares that he and Fulmer were the
best of friends and if he shot him he has
no recollection thereof. "The gun was
lying on the Jiay," he said. "I picked it
up and either placed it on the ground or
leaned it against the wall. While I was
getting some hay for ray horses the gun
went off and Fulmer said he had been
shot." ¦
Black was arrested later in the evening
by Police Detective Ryan and Railroad
Detective Lewin and taken to the Central
Prison, where a charge of assault with
intent to commit murder was booked
against him.
According to Fulmer's story he had Just
finished currying his horse and was hang
ing up his curry comb when he turned
around and saw Black, or "Fat" as he
was known at the barn, with the shotgun
in his hands. "Don't point that gun this
way," he said, to he declares. With that
Black, whom Fulmer describes as quick
tempered and a. little crazy at times, de
liberately, pointed the gun toward him and
fired.
William Fulmer, a non-union teamster
in the employ of. Cutter '& Co., 102 Clay
street, was last night shot and seriously
wounded at the* company's barn on Perry
court, between Fifth and Sixth streets,
by Elmer Black, a teamster in the same
employ. A 52-calibcr shotgun was the
weapon employed. The men were only
about ten feet apart. Fulmer was taken
to the Central Emergency. Hospital, where
it was found that his left shoulder was
virtually blown away. He may recover.
Elmer Black, a Teamster, Shoots
William Fulmer, Fellow-
Employe.
USES SHOTGUN OH" FRIEND,
Galvin lived with his mother and broth
er at 711 Webster street. He was to have
been married In the fall to Miss Sarah
Meaney of 1218 Jones street. Miss Meaney
is employed in the Crocker book bind
ery, where Galvin worked until a few
weeks ago as bookkeeper. Deceased was
24 years of age.
Both men are ex-soldiers. Galvin .was
a - member of the First California and
Duncan of the First Washington Regi
ment. They were close friends in Manila
and renewed the intimacy after their reg
iments were mustered out. They entered
Curtin's service last Friday and at their
particular request were detailed to work
together. Duncan was locked up last
night, but will probably be released to
day. He is broken-hearted over the oc
currence.
Galvin, earlier in the day, had purchased
a cheap revolver. Something went wrong
with the mechanism and when he and
Duncan went to work about 6 o'clock
they took the revolver to pieces for the
purpose of locating the break. Duncan
left his friend putting the weapon to
gether and went into an adjoining room,
where there was no light. Galvin fol
lowed a few seconds later. "I can't get
this thing to work. You see what you
can do with it," hesaid, as he handed the
pistol to Duncan. Duncan reached for
it in the dark, but before he had secured
it Galvin loosened "his hold and the wea
pon fell to the ground. It exploded. The
bullet struck Galvin in the stomach.
Duncan rushed to the sidewalk, where
he tried in vain to attract the attention
of the police by blowing his whistle. He
then telephoned for the Emergency Hos
pital ambulance, but secured an express
wagon before. its arrival ajid hurried his
friend to the Central Hospital. .
Chief Surgeon Bunnell did what he
could, for the injured man, but there was
no hope from the first, and Calvin died
soon after leaving the table. Before dy
ing, however, he made a statement com
pletely exonerating Duncan. The stories
of the accident as told by Galvin before
he died and by Duncan when seen later
at the Central Prison tally in every par
ticular.
Thomas Galvin, of 711 Webster street, a
special officer In the employ of the Curtin
Detective Agency, was accidentally shot
and killed last night by G. ' M. Duncan,
his chum and fellow officer. The men
were detailed to watch the barn of the
Philadelphia Vinegar Works at Seventh
and Bryant streets, where the shooting
Occurred. . "''
Fellow Officer and Chum, G.
M. Duncan, the Inno
cent Cause.
Thomas Galvin the Vic
tim, of; a Peculiar
Accident.
FALLING PISTOL
KILLS SPECIAL
_There : are two different kinds'of. men.
Give one a '-piece -of 'rope and he will hang
himself ; : give, a similar ,piece to the other
and he will form a' cordage trust.:,
. The only. route^having^. through sleeping
car. service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. \ Stop-oVers allowed | at Salt
Lake City.* For full; information i ask L.
M. Fletcher. 12G California street.- ' •
"The Missouri 'Pacific Limited."
Prior, to his departure Pearson destroyed
a large number of papers and "letters and
told his • landlady that it was doubtful if
he would ever return to San Francisco.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it.*
*& -«..»..» ¦»?-»¦¦?¦ t .» t..t..i..i..t.'i t ....... _. '
charge Is made by Hill that Pearson's ac
counts; were not perfectly straight.
"There Is a taint of insanity on the
mother's side," said' "Hill yesterday.
"Pearson went to Chicago probably with
the Intention of securing, capital -to- en
gage In business. Failing in this and be
ing of a proud, high-strung and nervous
disposition, he became morose and deter
mined to end his life. He destroyed all
evidence of his . identity; but oveiiooketi
the telltale key, which alone led to his
Identification. If he had thought of it he
would probably .have; thrown "the key
away, too. - He made no confidants of
anybody and . seemed to have but few
friends." . .: ... - ¦ ¦
James O'Connor, who was charted by
his friend Michael Sullivan, 10 Commercial
street, with grand larceny for stealing $450
from under the mattress of his bed last
Sunday evening, .was discharged. by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. He was able to
prove a complete alibi. .
O'Connor Proves an Alibi.
Decoration and illumination of i streets,
$9010: entertainments.' $2695 27: interior dec-:
orations, $1378 35: music, $1068 50: carriages
and*horse hire,- $3043 85; printing and sta
tionery. $1127 71. • • ' • . ' ¦ ¦ ., .
The report ' contains the : names of all
subscribers to the fund for entertainment.
In the item of. $7434 6$ mentioned above
were included the hotel bills for the mem
bers of President McKinley's Cabinet.
Governor Nash of Ohio and his staff and
the ¦ Ohio : Congressmen. . The ' other ; items
are included in a summary on, the last
page of ' the finance committee's report.
The larger ones are as follows: J." ¦
The fact that the citizens footed the ca
tering bills when the illustrious, guests
were under the Scott roof is not specific
ally mentioned-in the report. On the last
page is an item of "hotel accommodations,
$7434 65." Members of the reception com
mittee who do not care to have their
names published say that the 2000 is in
cluded in this sum. "Mr." Scott's home
was not a hotel, certainly," so one of. the
members remarked, "but the illness of
Mrs. McKinley made a long ' residence
there a necessity. We were : perfectly
willing to pay for the catering.- It is not
true that' Henry T. Scott received any pay
for lodgings, gas or heating. '¦' He made no
charge for the use of his residence. It is
true that the funds provided by subscrip
tions defrayed the major share of the ex
pense -incurred,' the . outlay being ¦ for the
caterer." ¦ - ; ¦> ••¦¦¦ : ¦ .
. It is now made plain that the citizens
of San Francisco paid the lion's share of
the expense of entertaining President and
Mrs. McKinley In the residence of Henry
T. Scott. This statement 1 is due because
the general public has entertained the idea
that to Scott belonged all; the credit.
Something like $2000 came from the funds
supplied by business houses and individ
uals for the good cheer dispensed in the
Scott home, then known as the Executive
Mansion, and was paid to a caterer, whose
bill, with' a slight deduction of $500, has
since been approved by the finance com
mittee of the citizens' reception commit
tee. The finance- committee has just is
sued a report, signed by F. W. Dohrmann
as chairman and H. U. Brandensteln, as
secretary, in which the disbursements for,
the President's reception are stated, under
various- headings, to have amounted to
530,187 40. ¦, ->•': ./. •¦ . - . . ¦
Captain Metcalf is' known- in shipping
and business circles the • world over. ¦ He
came here in 1S75 as -master of the White
Star liner Oceanic The vessel was then
under charter to' the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company and Captain
Metcalf ran' her between here and Hong
kong until 1889. ¦"He then retired from the
sea and settled down ashore as Lloyds'
surveyor. .For. the last eleven years; he
has been in business here and has earned
a, title as an expert that no man can
challenge. No man stands higher in the
mercantile community, than Captain John
Metcalf and everybody will join in wish
ing him happiness in his new venture.
The bride to be is Mrs. Annie Cave
North bf Menlo'Park. The ceremony will
be performed In the- main .parlor of the
Palace by the Rev. Dr. Gardiner of. Palo
lAlto." After j the ' marriage the bride j and
groom will go. to Banff, on. the Canadian
Pacific Railroad, where they will spend
the honeymoon. - ¦ •-¦.....
?. Captain John Metcalf, Lloyd surveyor
and one of the best known men in busi
ness'circles on 'California street, is to be
married to-night in the Palace Hotel. The
news will come as a surprise to his host
of' friends, as the matter has been kept
very secret and' few outside the families
most- interested knew anything about the
contemplated event.
Finally he drifted to San Francisco and
secured employment as a solicitor for The
Call and later for the Bulletin. Finally
Hill, who was well acquainted with his
family, took him into his office as out
side man, and he remained with him until
about four months ago, when he went to
work for the Western Loan Company.
At Hill's office it was said that as soon
as Pearson got into his new place • he
wrote letters to Hill's customers in ' an
endeavor to get them away from him; No
Pearson was a man about 31 years of
age and a native ot Spartansburg, S. C,
where his parents still reside. At one
time he was a clerk to Master -in Chan
cery L. R. Hill, at present a financial
broker in the Merchants' Exchange build
ing. After Hill left his office and came to
this coast Pearson Joined the army and
served the full term of his enlistment—
three years. On his discharge he went to
Los Angeles, where he earned a precar
ious livelihood as a solicitor. ¦ -
In the directory Pearson's name appears
as the manager of ' the Western Loan
Company, S09 Phelan building. He went
to that concern some four months ago
and for a time his name appeared upon
the door as manager, but was soon taken
off. It was stated yesterday at the office
of the company that no authority had
ever been given Pearson to assume that
title. • •
"During the last few weeks of his stay
here he met a Mr. and Mrs. Harris of .206
West Seventy-second street, Chicago,
where Harris has been employed for some
ten years as a bookkeeper In a conserva
tory of music. Through them he became
Imbued with the idea of going to Chicago,
and left about ten days before them,
agreeing to meet them there. He pro
cured a scalper's ticket and left a few
days earlier than he originally intended."
"Pearson came . to room with me last
November," she said, "and was one of
the quietest roomers I have had during
my twenty-five years' experience in the
business. He .seemed always morose' and
silent and spoke but little about himself.
Of an evening he would come in and talk
to me. but his conversation had a most
depressing effect, and I generally would
find some excuse for cutting the visit
short. He rarely talked about himself or
about business, save, to tell me. he was
connected with a money lending concern
in the Phelan "building. •.' •_
B. F. Pearson is the I name of the sui
cide whose strange ending in the Empress
Hotel in Chicago was told in The Call of
yesterday. . The key for safe deposit box
514 in the vaults of the Columbian Banking
Company, led to the establishment of his
identity. The record showed that it was
owned byB. F. Pearson, 219 Leavenworth
street. \ While President I. J. Truman
knew nothing of the man's identity,, the
landlady at that address was able to fur
nish the missing links. * • . ' . ' ¦
Committee Throws Light
on Entertainment
of President.
B. F. Pearson Is the Name
of the Suicide at
Chicago/ N^
Captain John Metcalf to
. Join the Ranks of the
Benedicts. ; ;
PEOPLE'S CASH
PAYS CATERER
shal. J.' J. McCarthy, V. L. Fitzgerald,
the Rev. D. A. McKinnon, W. Mahoney,
Joseph Kenny, B. J. Dollard and E. R.
Myrick will probably be placed in nomina
tion for grand directors. In the evening
there will be a banquet at the California.
INTENDS TAKING
A LIFE PARTNER
delegates attended a theater party at the
Orpheum.
To-day there will he an all-day business
meeting and in the evening a grand ball
at Odd Fellows' Hall.
To-morrow there will be the election of
FIRST GRAND PRESIDENT OF Y. M. I. AND PRESENT SUPREME
. PRESIDENT OF THAT ORGANIZATION, <THE GRAND COUNCIL OF
WHICH IS NOW IN SESSION IN THIS CITY.
QUICKLY SOLVE
HOTEL MYSTERY
HE 6 reat event at yesterday's ses-
I sion of the Grand Council of the
I Young Men's Institute, which did
\\ not adjourn until 6 o'clock in the
afternoon, was the defeat by an
overwhelming majority of the proposition
introduced by Ignatian Council No. 35 to
change the name of the organization from
the Young Men's Institute to the Catholic
Institute of America. ¦ •
The council was opened in due form in
the morning. Grand President L. E. Ma
han in the chair.
Greetings were read from the grand of
ficers of the Young Ladies' Institute and
from the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society.
Responses were also received from the
prominent members of the clergy to whom
congratulatory dispatches were sent the
day before.
A resolution was adopted to the effect
that hereafter there shall be voted from
the fund of the Grand Council the sum of
$200 to the council or councils in whose
city the grand body shall meet to help de
fray the cost of entertaining the grand of
ficers and delegates.
It was stated before the adoption of this
resolution that the only, city that would
ask for the next" session of the Grand
Council would be Napa, but the offer of
the sum named will probably induce the
delegates from other localities to ask for
the honor of entertaining the grand body.
During the session there was an elo
quent address by J. M. Burnett of Igna
tian Council.
The afternoon session was called at 1:30
and the special order, the proposed change
of name, was taken up. It provoked a dis
cussion that lasted until 6 o'clock and in
which many took part. The most promi
nent" speakers were I. B. Queen, Past
Grand Presidents John J. McDade, John
Lynch and M. W. Fleming; Supreme
President F. J. Kierce, the Rev. Father
McQuaid, Joseph Kenny, Neal Power, P.
H. Ryan and P. J. Murphy. The argu
ment in favor of the proposition was that
the objects of the organization were not
sufficiently stated in the present name,
while that In favor of the retention was
that wherever the Young Men's Institute
The Jealousies among the heads of the
different departments of the Southern Pa
cific Company, the resultant clashes in
which Hays lost his prestige and was
shorn of his power, his dissatisfaction
thereat and his subsequent resignation
have all been published exclusively In the
columns of this paper from time to time.
On Sunday last The Call named the man
who will succeed Hays in the management
of the great Syndicated Harriman proper
ties. Samuel Morse Felton of the Chi
cago and Alton Company. To-day this
paper names the road to which Mr. Hays
will go upon leaving this coast. The whole
story has been told, and now all that re
mains Is for the subordinate officers
in the yellow building on Market and
Montgomery streets to cry "The King is
dead." and get ready to shout "Long live
the King."
The Grand Trunk Railway Company, to
which Mr. Hays will return, was formed
August 12, 1S82, by consolidation with the
Great Western. The company thus form
ed was united with the Northern Railway
Company of Canada and its leased line,
the Hamilton and Northwestern. On
January 24, 18S8, the consolidation took
the present came of the Grand Trunk
Railway, Canada. In 1892 a number of
email lines, whose aggregate length Is
1158 miles, were taken into the system.
The total length of all the lines that will
come under the direction of Mr. Hays in
his Eastern position is about 3600 miles.
As these figures include everything. It will
be seen that while the position he is go
ing back to is of some importance, it is
but small when taken in comparison with
the place he has been forced to relin
quish.
The Grand Trunk Railway.
The next seven years, or until April 1,
I8S4. he was secretary to the general man
ager of the Missouri Pacific Railway.
From April 1, 1SS4. to October 1, 1SS6, he
was secretary to the general manager of
the "VVabash. St. Louis and Pacific Rail
way. On October 1. 18S6. he was made
assistant general manager of that road,
holding that position until July 1, 1887,
when he was made general manager of
the Wabash Western Railway, serving in
that capacity until July 1. 1SS9. From that
date until December 31, 1895. he was gen
eral manager of the Wabash Railroad
system, successor to the Wabash Western
and Wabash railways. He was also vice
president of that road from February 1,
1894. to December 31, 1S95. From January
1. 1S36, to December 15, 1900, he was gen
eral manager of the Grand Trunk Rail
way system, and on January 1, 1901, be
came president of the Southern Pacific
Company.
The following is a short history of Hays'
career as a railroad man: He was born
at Rock Island. 111., May 16, 1856, and en
tered the railway service November ! 10,
1S73. holding a position in the passenger
department of the Atlantic and Pacific
road at St. Lou!s until January 2, 1874.
From that date to March 9, 1S74, he spent
in the auditor's office, and from March '9,
1ST4. to January 1, 1S77. he served as clerk
In the general superintendent's office of
the same road.
Hays' Kailroad Career.
From absolutely authentic sources it is
learned that as soon as Hays decided
that his scalp would be taken he com
menced to make plans for some other
place for ' himself. His fancy turned to j
the Grand Trunk, his old love, and his
overtures to the controlling interests of
that organization being kindly received
he agreed to accept his old position as
soon as his connection with the Harrlman
people should have ceased.
C M. Hays, whose resignation as presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company is
now in the hands of Harrlman, awaiting
the final action of that gentleman, has al
ready provided for his future. Upon
severing his connection with the Southern
Pacific he will return to the Grand Trunk
Railway as that road's vice president and
general manager. Much speculation has
been indulged in as to the possible future
of the gentleman whose career as the
head of a great corporation on this coast
has been so brief. The Call, which has
foretold all the incidents that have led
up to his retirement, is now in a position
to definitely state what will be the setting
of the final act In this comedy of the rails.'
of Big Canadian Cor
poration.
Also to Act as Vice President
Will Return to His Old
Position as General *
Manager.
HAYS GOES
BACK TO THE
GRAND TRUNK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
Only Seven Delegates Vote ; in Favor of the Scheme and the
Result Is Received With Loud .Cheers— -Election for Grand
Officers Will Be Held To-Morrow— Banquet in the Evening
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE REJECTS
PROPOSITION TO CHANGE NAME
is known it is recognized as a Catholic
institution and that- it would be bad policy
to change the name of an association that
for eighteen years had been making ex
cellent progress. When the vote was
taken it was- found that there were but
seven ballots in favor of the change. The
result was received with' wild applause
and three times three cheers for the Y.
M. I. were given with a will.
In the evening the grand officers and
grand officers, when the following named
•will be chosen: D.J. O'Leary for grand
president; W. M. Kelly for first vice presi
dent, with J. W. Sharp of Ltos Angeles as
an opponent; J. D. Whalen of • Livermore
for second vice president. George A. Stan
ley, the incumbent, will be re-elected by
acclamation as grand secretary. "W. T.
Aggeler - will - ajso be re-elected as treas
urer. P. J. Murphy will be nominated. for
outside sentinel and M. Moran for mar-
12
, . AJVEBTISEMENTS.
On T0-M0RR0W and following daus-we will
exhibit an elegant assortment of NEW GOODS
in our Silk and Black Goods Departments.
New Colored Velvets, New Panne Velvets,
Metal Printed Velveteens, comDlete line of
latest weaves in Black Silks, comprising
Peau de Soie, Duchesse," Louisine, London
Armure, Fancu Armures, Tricotine, Satin
Regence, Merveilleux and Peau de Cugnej
complete line latest shades in Colored Taf-
fetas, Fleur de ; Soie ? Satin Ducliesse, ¦ Peau da
Soie and Fancu Waist Silks.
New Black Venetian Cloth, Amazon Cloth,
Prunella Cloth, Foules, Poplins, Mohair
Raue, Pebble Cheviots, Crepe de Paris, Crepe
de Chene r Wool Taffetas, Samite Cloth, Crepe
Armures, Mohair Faconne, Canvas Cloths,
Wool Tamise and Figured Crepe de Chene.
We invite our PATRONS in the interior
to write for samples of above goods.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
STATEMENT
— OF TEE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OS* THE — —
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THEJ6TATE OS*
California, on the 31st day of December
A. D. 1900. and for the year endlngr on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 4 -.1250.000 09
ASSETS. =====
Real Estate owned by Company $4.000 09
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 16611103
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82 S90 55
Savings Banks deposits....... 62*931 ii
Cash in Company's Office 223 90
Cash in Banks 9 S74 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.S83 34
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages •. 78S8O
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 6.834 09
• Total Assets $323,37*03
LIABILITIES. ' 5
Losses in process ot Adjustment or In
Suspense $2,500 00.
Losses resisted, including expenses j 700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less, $ ; reinsurance.
EO per cent , 25.638 2S
Gross premiums on Risks running:
more than one year, $ ; re-
insurance pro rata. 3.353
Total Liabilities $33,707 gs
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $30 644 S7
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages X2.C62 90
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources S mo in
Received from all other sources 491 53
¦ Total Income $68. 8-43 40
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) $3 929*1
Dividends to Stockholders 13 000 0*
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 8.70137
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13.437 25
Paid for State. National and Local i
Taxes • 3,759 tf
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.945 ~\
:. Total Expenditures $53.773 77
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
„ A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before .me this 2M
day of January. 1901. M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash Assets July 1. 1901 .....?3 l-.OOO
GUARANTEE ~AND CASUALTY,
Bonds of Surety. Ship. Steam. Efoilci*
end Plate Glass Insurance.
Head' Offlca : 326 Montgomery Street,
San Francisco.
gBBk CHICHCQTER'S ENGLISH
PEflHYflOYAl PILLS
¦ _ „« O««*»*l »»«i Only <:»n » ln<%
fr' < i£»"«S?^ « 3 UEB "4 Gold n.«»ni 0 bo«.. Mit X
J^ ribbon. Toko bo other. Kefai*
fn *N» *£j l»so«erau» Sab«tltntlo.i» and Iralta.
17 fZT «•¦•• B«7 «f 7«ilr DrMglst. or ontl 4,.. < a
. I rf nuBM tor Particular Te-tlroonlaia
-A^_V-/t' f Bra .Mull. 1 ».«4M» TntlmoafciU. 9»MUj
- - •» l>r»jsl»'«. - Chlcbentcr Chemical C«l
Mention thU pap«r. Hndtooa gq.ur* fOiLAT ££
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL,'
I^EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
** modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD Jbk
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 dayl
15 to $S week: IS to *20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: tire grate» la • vary
room; elevator runs all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
YOUE1C!|\C§
3 Young eyes, even if yery a
w weak, can bs strengthened in a n
S -shcrttimc by the use of proper tt
ii , The needs of all kinds of eyes 8
z . have been our special study for «
' IP • many years and thus we are en' a
.' (y.!~ ', abled to accurately adjust . the V
¦ ¦'(Tight glasses to suit every con" ¦
n.^di'ion of eye defect. '¦¦ 0
I itWiipay you tobr/nqt/t/j/itf \
,' r •¦..:•¦-¦¦; ¦-¦¦ -. ; ''•¦ ' .
EV^R MADE
• —IN— • ¦ " '¦
WALL PAPER.
FIGURED paper ....... 3e per roll
GILT • " ..... 5e ;¦¦¦>••
EMBOSSED " .... . 1 Oe "
Q. W. CLARK & CO;
653 Market Street.
B.KATSCHINSKI I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
110 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 1
— ¦
g
I WHEN TIMES ARE HARD I
WE OFFER SPECIAL VALUES. |
MEN'S CALF SHOES, $2.00 9
H Some people are affected by the strikes. Q
M ntbcrn are not. but all want to buy E
g the b**t for the least money. We want |J
m your trade and will offer a special in- 8
» ducerner.t. Men's B Calf- Lace Shoes. I
D -wide coin toes and tips <very latest R
3 etyle).' double soles and extension edges ra
2 and bearing the UNION STAMP, will K
3 be sold fcr 12 a pair. Widths D, E and m
¦ KE. Sizes iH to 12. VR
11 MATCT ADVERTISED LJJTES of la- §3
B dies' shoes are dying out. You seldom Bjj
|| h.eer of them, buf with, the Pingree zj
JS Gloria $3 60 Shoes it is different- Their fl
B sale is Increasing every day. They have gj
|X merit and give satisfaction, and the I
jj loneer they are on the market the more B
S popular they become. We are sole H
2 COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. B
3 We have no branch stores nor travel- |
g ing salesmen. ' k S
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
S 10 THIRD STREET. |
L* San Francisco. . fa
'Phone Howard 102L •
Ml WVjW Xem B m "'tfjj Bk ibs ftfln
ral wBr A lSI w Hel E9 S*\. tTI
BS BStB iQl wl ia BB&9 e* JclxW \3
m wsf £a an 1 I?£a #3l2sk 1
119 TAYLOR STREET.
LIVING EXPENSES REDUCED: !
August 21, 22, 23, 24.
CUP I D Extra dry granulated, to/I flC
UUUnil Spreckels ' Dest cane . **-*•*» w
nflV A I BAKING POWDER, or *)7 ]„
ROYAL !g rb« S d 2 » ? ..wbdr s C
.WORCESTERSHIRE "aK£l7ic
genuine; made and bottled in England.
Regularly 25c.
DIITTCD Elgin Creamery; cut inl)r.
nil I I Pn squares; pound ZUu
UUI IL.il p a i a table table butter. wu
We invite you to sample. , .
ANIMAL p N o-d s " A . m .-:!: |0c
mi i in ml Fresn f rom bakery . IW «
Usually 15c.
BACON po a utd rn . s . u f a !". u ! e . d: . I5c
UnUUIl Extra se iect. lean; bone- luu
less; one side limit. Regularly 19c.
MASON JARS?o e P n s: ln a e uar? s o . y d d oz. 70c
mnouu jnnu N £ w y s the tlme iuu
to put up fruit; rubbers free. Worth 90c.
TABLE CLARETjIS, 40c
years old. Smooth, rich body. Sample at
store. Usually 60c.
JESSE MOORED, 65C
Popular brands at Faber's price. No risk
as to quality. Corks branded.
11/lljrO Old Port or Sherry. ftp.
W II LO " Asti " Vineyard; gallon. hhP
ii in fa. w A rare cnance at high .UUU
grade wines. Try a glass at store. Reg-
ular $1. ~
N. B.— In case of error or complaint
kindly report to manager.
|__ FABER )& CO.
I Like a
1 Meteor
H Flashing across the sky — tho
1 C* t'-f *
I Limited
H as it rushes across the conti-
H nent to Chicago. Leaves San
H Francisco 9 a. m. Monday and
1 Thursday,' arriving in Chi-
g cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday
U and. Sunday on the
I panta re
RR TTRH R Q>OR BARBER3. BAK-
JLlXlUOniZiOers. bootblacks, bath-
¦ . ¦-¦-.•-. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries.' laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, . painters, ' shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «tc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St