BANQUET AND SPEECHES
IN HONOR OF MR. MORGAN
House of Deputies Devotes Entire Day
to the Diseussion of the
Divoree Law.
REV. W. R. HUNTINGTON
OPPOSES IRON-CLAD CANON
STRIKING ARGUMENTS ARE ADVANCED IN FAVOR
OF ALLOWING DIVORCED PERSONS TO REMARRY
• bers of the House of: Deputies
of the Episcopal Church General Conven
tion discussed the momentous subject of
marriage and divorce.
Despite the warm weather the galleries
of the church were filled with ladles and
NO more brilliant debate has
ever taken place in the State
of California than the one that
was heard yesterday in Trin
ity Church, when the mem-
The Chairman Admon
ishes Visitors to Keep
Decorum.
ELOQUENCE
OF ORATORS
APPLAUDED
The Rev. Dr. 'McKlram of Washington
joined forces with th'e distinguished cleric
from New York; and delivered*a^ .brilliant
speech.'. '\u25a0 \u25a0;.\u25a0 ; , ..,'\u25a0'\u25a0. '.'•. -"' \u25a0 ' •'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0' ''\u25a0'\u25a0
' Total; prohibition {" of -, remarriage of i di
vorced persons found an able advocate in
Church, i New York- City, made a»master
ly » plea to amend : the' canon and -.argued
that it should not "apply to the; innocent
party of a divorce granted for infidelity.
GENERAL jW.-' H. : L. BARNES
SPEAKING;AT THE BANQUET
TO J.- PIERPONT MORGAN.'
. j .-• \u25a0' cV"V"i >' i \u25a0 - • \u25a0 \u25a0 >. .-'\u25a0 .
every seat on the floor, of the edifice was
taken'by the. clerical "and lay deputies of
the convention.
j The ironclad . prohibition of the remar
riage of divorced persons as passed by the'
House of . Bishops f,ound many, strong op
ponents and supporters in the lower
house. . \u25a0'...:'* \u25a0
; The Rev.- Dr. Huntington of. Grace
the Rev. Dr. Green, of, New .York City, and
he was.j aided" by. Judge Bradford .of < the
United States, Court 7 of Delaware. '.'.'\u25a0' u , .'•
'The speakers in the' debate were^ equally
divided in i point ', of ' number and '\u25a0 It -'is ipre
dlcted, that , the ; final '- vote ; on. the .canon
will ! be a very close "one. : r .
T/fs ITH to-day's sessions the second' ivcck{of the General Convention of the Episcopal Church
yy will end. This j morning will }e'jdevpted;by the visitors to business, and in the afternoon
an outing on the bay will be: enjoyed, the Pacific Railroad Company having ar
ranged to take, the distinguished guests of jhe city 'for a trip on a steamer.
Special excursion parties zvill leave •'•' 'to-day, for 'Monterey, the Big frees at Felton and other
famous points easy of access, the, return to be '•\u25a0\u25a0made on Monday morning, zuhen the convention will
resume its sittings. The House of Bishopi :-gnd 'the 'House of Deputies will meet. : this morning in
Trinity Church.
The Woman's Auxiliary is to hold informal sessions \u25a0 this morning" 1 at the 'headquarters,
1609 Suttcr street. . • , v , .
The Brotherhood of St. Andrezv meets tliismorning-atg[ o'clock in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Auditorium. This afternoon the: [brotherhood holds " an- open-air 'session on the
Berkeley hills. An evening, session zvill -be 'held 1 - at; Shattuck Hall, Berkeley.
MEMBERS OF CONVENTION TO ENJOY
AN OUTING ON BAX THIS AFTERNOON
Continued on Page Three.
There are two types of financiers, gentlemen.
Ab a layman In such matters I may. have an
opinion about financiers. There Is the destruc
tive financier and there is the constructive
financier, whom we have here with us to-day,
and I count myself privileged to speak In his
behalf of one who has touched nothing that he
has not re-created, enlarged, made strong and
beneficent, and whose relations, in the ruture
history of finance in the whole world, and I
venture to say the supreme characteristic, are
theee things which belong to the foundations of
a 'great estate and a great civilization. And I
am sure that you will Join with me in appre-
Gentlemen: I wish it was In my power to
tell you half of what I feel. I said to Mr.
Crocker, my host this evening, when he epoke
about the dinner, J'l will dine with the gen
tlemen with great pleasure provided there is no
epeechmaking." I never was known to make
a speech in my life. I do not know what to
say except that I feel that I must tell you
how much I appreciate all that he has said.
The General Convention to which he has
alluded is not composed solely of laymen.
(Laughter.) We have got Borne clergymen
and what is more we have got eome Bishops,
and at the last moment when I thoueht all
hope was removed I saw the Bishop of New,
York enter the door. He will attend to th*
speechmaklnr for me, and consequently you
can iroajrlne all that I would say. but you
cannot Imagine all that I feel, and I call upon
the Bishop of New York to say what probably
I would say if I had the ability.
Bishop Potter accepted the responsibil
ity thus placed upon him. He said:
Mr. Host and Gentlemen: So far as I know
I cee no reason why I ahould preach for Mr.
Morgan. Nothing could be more unnecessary,
.gentlemen. I am sure, than that either he or
I should make any extensive remarks in re
uponne to the toast which has been offered by
my host. Mr. Crocker. I am sure I may ven
ture to i>ay for him, as I may venture to say
for my episcopal brethren who are here to
night, how we have been touched by the wel
come whlcM San Francisco has given us. I do,
not think that In the history or the General
Conventions of the Episcopal church there has
ever been anything like It. Never. has there
been such a missionary meeting as was held
the other evening at the great Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
"William H. Crocker In a few appropri
ate words epitomized the reason, of the
banquet and called upon J.; Pierpont Mor
gan for a few remarks. A short response
followed by the great financier, who Im
mediately switched the burden of speech
upon Bishop Potter of New York. Mr.
Morgan said:
ments In the realm of finance tand his
work in the fields of charity.
Xot one of the guests could help re
marking the beauty_ of the decorations.
As they sat down to' the dinner the first
thought in the minds of all was the ar
tistic and decorative effects of the table.
Two horseshoes with ends joined together
was the shape of the table and all the
central portion was solid. But for the line
of plates all- was flowers, grapevines and
fruit— the choicest of chrysanthemums
and the finest quality of the fruit that
California could produce: Depending and
radiating from the central chandelier was
a preen bamboo plant. On the walls were
Indian maize, vines and flowers of every
description. The room was a bower.
The dinner hour had been set for 7, but
it was some time later before, the guests
filed Into the banquet hall to take their
appointed places. With a hearty and a
courteous welcome the host of the even
ir.g bade his friends be- seated. Then
tame course after course and the merry
click of glasses and the conversational
rallies that make sauce and condiment to
the best of dinners. And then the speeches
Jind the parting handshakes.
SOME OP THE SPEAKERS.
J. Pierpont Morgan did not pay much,
lie simply thanked one and everybody
nnd then dr legated Bishop Potter to play
the eloquent for him. The Bishop re
rponded with sentiment, eulogy and
\u25a0tOTT. Both college presidents. had their
Ting at the came of speech. President
.Wheeler talked of the wonderful possi
bilities of development along Pacific
Khorts: President Jordan on California
climate, hospitality end greatness. The
nishops of Massachusetts, Kentucky and
South Carolina departed from the
strained seriousness and entertained all
with genuine after-dinner speeches. -Gen
eral Barnes, eloquent and grave, spoke of
the greatness of financiers and how their
charity toward men Is the charity which
makes men self-dependent. Irving M.
Scott dwelt upon the "Iron girders
that hold up nations and make brothers
of us all." And so they went on, now
nnd then paying a compliment to State
end nation and a laudation to the guest
cf the evening for his wonderful achieve-
BEAUTY OF DECORATIONS.
JPIERPOICT MORGAN has
been socially entertained In
San Francisco. He was the
guest of honor at a banyuet
9 in the Paclflc-TTnlon Club last
nigrht. TVUllasx: H. Crocker^
was the host Bishops and
clergymen. Eastern visitors and promi
nent local citizens, men on the higher
rungs of professional, commercial and in
dustrial life made up the gathering.
ICo fault could be found with the menu.
The decorations reached the limit of
artistic excellence, the appointments were
perfect and the speeches that shortened
tiro hours ran a gamut from light witti
cisms to the heavy problems of religion,
education and finance.
Gathered round the fruit and flower
bestrewn table were some of the biggest
men in America to-day. First there was
the guest of the evening, J. Pierpont Mor
gan, and his personality furnished the
theme' of every speech and dominated the
tone of the entire banquet. Then there
v.ere College Presidents Benjamin Ide
Wheeler and David Starr Jordan; Bishops
of New York, Massachusetts, Kentucky
and South Carolina; distinguished law
yers from many Eastern States, and our
own big men. Many of them had their
cay. and they spoke well, some eloquent
ly. Over the coffee and through the
wreaths of cigar smoke the flow of rea
son mounted higher and higher. And it
was a social feast, too, and will mark a
high place in Pacific-TJnion affairs for
many a day to come.
Continued on Page'sTwo.
Continued oh' Page Two."
ed ' to vote upon the men whose qualities
and fitness i for ihe^offices named had been
discussed at length 'on the preceding, day.
As a result of 'the vote taken the follow
ing nominations '.were, sent to : the? House'
of Deputies to' be elected:
. Rev. James \u25a0 Addison", Ingalls, \u25a0 a presbyter
Continued on Page Two.
Prelates Are vNominated
to Serve at (Home^
and Abroad.
BEFORE beginning yesterday's
/session the House of Bishops
attended holy communion in a
body in the chapel adjoining
their meeting room. This sol
• ~- emn .' service . was to prepare
august officers of the Episcopal church to
nominate five' worthy men to be mission
ary Bishops. At the close of the service
the prelates filed into their hall and im
mediately and without argument proceed-
MISSIONARY
DISTRICTS
ARE FILLED
Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania then
moved that • the house go into committee
of ' the whole to consider the canon on
marriage and divorcei
The .house .approved ; the- motion, and
Deputy Joseph Packard of Maryland took
The Rev. , Dr. Foute of . San Francisco
presented an Invitation to the deputies to
visit the Maria Kip Orphanage next Tues
day; afternoon, which was accepted by
the house.
The Rev. Dr. Reese of Georgia drew at
tention to the confusion caused the pre
vious evening when visitors were allowed
to alt with the deputies at the meeting of
the Board of Missions. " He severely criti
cized the, methods of the board.' and pre
sented a resolution! which was sent to a
committee, but which was subsequent!/
withdrawn by the proposer.
' Resolutions on the representation of dio
ceses at the convention arid on the spir
itual oversight by Bishops of differing
congregations " were presented rand re
ferred to committees.
Deputy Mallory of Milwaukee presented
a resolution that all amendments to the
constitution lake effect on' January 1.'
This resolution was sent to the committee
on constitution. ' .
on canons.
Men of brilliant attainments took part
in the debate, arguing for and against the
proposition that the Episcopal church
should forbid Its clergy to remarry di
vorced persons.
At the close of the afternoon session
the subject had not been voted upon, and
it will come up for further discussion
next Monday morning.
The House of Deputies was called to
order J promptly at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning.
After the reading of the minutes for the
previous day Chairman Lindsay called for
resolutions and reports from various com
mittees.
Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania offered
a resolution that certificates of election
be presented on a uniform system. The
resolution was referred to the committee
the Episcopal General Conven
tion entered on the second day's debate
on the subject. Every seat on the floor
of the church was taken and the galleries
were filled with hundreds of women—rela
tives of the deputies and visitors.
THE all important question of
marriage and divorce served to_
crowd Trinity Church yester
day , morning » and afternoon,
. when the House of Deputies of
"Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer the
following amendment: To strike out all
In the clause after the words 'persona
then living' and substitute as follows:
'But this shall not apply to any one pro
ducing a certified copy of a decree of di
vorce on the ground of aduUery in which
he or she is found to be the Innocent par
ty by a court of competent jurisdiction,
or, to a case where the former marriage
has been annulled by such court* for cause
existing before said former marriage."
The Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York
then addressed the convention. In part
he said:
DR. HTTNTINGTON AMENDS.
the chair In place of the Rev. Dr. Lind
say, who presides, over the House of Dep
uties.
DIVORCE DEBATE BEGEMS.
Deputy Lswis of Pennsylvania, the lead*
er of the debate, then read the section of
the canon requiring the officiating cler
gyman at a marriage to record the aga
of the contracting parties.
The Rev. Mr. Martin of Texas convulsed
the committee and the well filled galleries
by. making an earnest plea against the*
section, on the ground that it was not
fair to ask a woman her age and that to
do so provoked falsehood. The speaker
offered an amendment, which was defeat
ed amid much laughter.
The Rev. Dr. Moore of West Virginia
offered an amendment " to the section re
quiring that the signatures of the con
tracting parties to a marriage be placed
on the church record. After many depu
ties had spoken on the subject the amend
ment, was. put to a vote and defeated by
217 noes .to 106 ayes.
Paragraph 3 of section 3 of the canon
was then carried by a. vote of 270 ayes to
41 noes.-. The paragraph is as follows:
"No minister shall solemnize a marriage
except in the presence of at . least two
witnesses, nor,* in case the parties are un
known to the "minister, without the pres
ence of witnesses to whom the parties ara
personally known, unless in the judgment
of the minister it shall be impracticable
to obtain such witnesses."
Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania read sec
tion 4 of the canon, which particularly
prohibits the remarrfage of divorced per»
sons, and asked for Its acceptance.
The much talked of section is as fol
lows:
a ."No minister shall solemnize a mar
riage between any two persons unless, nor
until, 1 by inquiry he shall have satisfied
himself that neither person is the hus
, band or the wife of any other person then
alive or has been the husband or the wife
of any other person then living, unless
the former marriage was annulled by the
decree of some civil court of competent
jurisdiction for cause existing before tae
former marriage." •
In explaining the section Deputy Lewis
said:
* Mr.' Chairman, the provision speaks for
itself. At a proper stage of the debate I
may have something to say upon It. but
I only desire to make one statement In
response to numerous questions which
have been asked me as to the purport of
this amendment, and I simply wish to
say that it Is not a proposition to stop or
forbid the marriages of anybody.
"That is a matter over which we have
no control whatsoever. It Is a matter for
the state and any action that may bo
taken In that regard would be entirely
ultra vires and void. It is a proposition
only to forbid >the ministers of this church
from solemnizing a certain class of mar
riages. That's all there Is to It and let it
not be misunderstood."
RIO minister shall solemnize a marriage between any two persons unless
iff nor until, by inquiry, he shall have satisfied himself that neither per
son is the husband or wife of any other person then living, or has been the
husband or the wife of. any other person then living; unless the former
marriage was annulled by a decree of some civil court of competent juris
diction for cause existing before such former marriage. — Section of Canon
on Divorce 1h.it is the subject of deb lie in the convention.
rHEH what is the great charity ? The great charity for the coming cen
tury is that which shall make it possible for a man io live, to support
his wife and educate his children without reliance upon anything else but
God and himself. That time is coming and wa shall make it. We have
75,000,000 of people in this country to-day. They cannot all be manufac
turers. 7 he bulk of thejn must live by the land and on the land. — Excerpt
from General IV. H. L. Bir ties' Speech.
VOLU3I,. XC~--.>O. 134.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
William H. Croeker Acts as Host and
Entertains Friends at Pacific
Union Club.
The San Francisco Call.CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE AND PARTICIPANTS IN THS DEBATE ON DIVORCE.
ORATORICAL EFFORTS OF SPEAKERS ENJOYED BY FAIR VISITORS.
•
Continued to Page Three.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
(juinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
Irene Mary Harrlgan. who applied for
letters of administration upon the estate
of her father, John Harrigan.- yesterday,
is placed in a peculiar position. The du
ties of administrator are now being per
formed by Dennis Harrlgan, who opposes
the young woman's petition on the ground
that she is not the daughter of the late
Jchn Harrigan, having been born after
he had secured a divorce from his wife.
The hearing of the petition was continued
until next Friday.
Contest Over an Estate.
A concert and social under the auspices
of the Willing Workers of the Bush-street
Synagogue will be given at the Hall of
the Cercle .Francais, Hotel Savoy, at S:30
o'clock to-morrow night. The proceeds
will be devoted to the building of class
rooms for the Sabbath school connected
with the congregation.
"Willing Workers to Give Concert.
Visiting Churchmen at St. Stephen's
and Church of the Advent.
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew con
ducted "A Quiet Hour" at St, Stephen's
Church last evening. The service was a
preparation for holy communion and was
under the direction of Rev. Arthur S.
I^loyd. general secretary of the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society.
There was also a special service last
night in tbe Cnurch of the Advent. The
Bishop of Milwaukee conducted the ser
vice and the coadjutor of Fojid du Lac
preached the sermor..
HOLD SPECIAL SERVICES.
The Board of Mission's held a short ses
sion last night and disposed of important
matters. Sessions were held yesterday by
the Wflpian's Auxiliary, the Brotherhood
of St. Andrew and other organizations
connected with the Episcopal church.
The House of Bishops after a long 0e
bate in executive session adopted a canon
fcr disciplining divorced persons who re
marry. The prelates also nominated live
clericals to fill vacant missionary districts
in the Orient and America, whom the
House of Deputies will be requested to
accept.
Deputy, Packard of Maryland, who pre
sided ever the debate, was obliged to read
the rules of order when applause grecte.1
some of the speakers. He cautioned nil
present that in the event of another
breach of decorum he would enforce the
rules and have all but the deputies con
ducted from the church.
The debate was not finished when the
hour of adjournment was reached yester
day afternoon and Jt will be continued on
Monday morning.
Continued From Page One.
ELOQUENCE OF ORATORS APPLAUDED
Continuing the Rev. Mr. Battle said: "I
desire that this church Fhould set an example
to the citizens of the United States -of all
churches of all denominations. I believe that
we should try to constitute ourtelves leaders
on this Question. And if we do not adopt this
canon as sent down from the House of Bishops
we would make a very great if not a fatal
mistake. I believe that If we adopt this canon
we will take a step that wll! enable us in
the end to bring about uniformity of the laws
of the United States in regard - to marriage
and divorce. I believe that this legislation is
such as is suited to the people of t^e United
States nnd as is consistent with the Chris
tianity of. the. United States.
"What was the law when our Savior spoke
Deputy Lewis in reply said: "In reply to
the \u25a0 gentleman from North Carolina I would
ask whether he does not think the committee
has covered his objection in the canon they
have proposed and in the portion of which It
is left intact by the amendment of the rev
erend deputy from New York. The word
'other' in ~the third line before -'persons' was
Inserted there for that purpose. They are for
bidden to marry any one who has been, the
husband or wife of any other person then liv
ing. If they have been the husband or wife
of some person • there Is -no objection* and it
was put there for that purpose."
The Rev. Mr. Battle— I believe in leaving
nothing to construction that can be avoided
by the enactment that is made at the time
the legislation i% desired and therefore I see
no. objection to adding the words that are In
the present canon on the subject of marriage
and divorce.
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the con
vention: I have drawn an amendment to. this
clause under consideration in almost the exact
terms of those offered by the deputy from New
York. I will aek to add to his amendment
the words 'nor to the remarriage of parties
once divorced, peeking to be united again.' " ,
The new Mr. Battle of North Carolina said
"So much of this amendment, sir, as is
new and not contained in the form sub
mitted by the committee— so much of my
amendment as is new is not my own, but
the work of a former member of this
houpe, 2»Ir. Miller of Georgia, who is not
in attendance here because of duties in
the Supreme Court at Washington. Mr.
Miller was a member of the committee
appointed by this house to deal with this
subject, and the view which holds. and
which I share is embodied by his own
hands in the amendment which I have
now offered.
"With respect to the legal merits of it
I shall 'have nothing to say. for there are
many on this floor far more competent to
speak upon that point, but I should like
very briefly to state my argument on the
main principles involved and which I be
lieve to be unanswerable.
"It is admitted by all that our Lord
Jesus Christ in his utterances on the sub
ject of marriage and divorce spoke of one
exception to tne rigid law which he laid
down, and I do not raise the point as to
interpretation of the exceptions, but make
the single point that our Lord Jesus
Christ in his own legislation admitted the
exception of one exceptional case. •
"How can that be met by the friends of
this measure? Only by discrediting the
record. Only by raising the question of a
higher criticism, and if that question be
raised there will be scholars enough to
meet it. I may remark in passing that It
is a little singular that the opposition of
our existing legislators on this subject
should come from a person who lost no
opportunity to disparage higher criticism?
whereas when it comes to the issue the
only way in which the legislation which
they propose can be adopted "is by meth
ods of higher criticism. -
"Our Lord Jesus Christ admitted one
exception to his rigid law of marriage,
therefore any legislation by this church
which does not admit one exception to the
rigid law of marriage Is not and cannot
be in accordance with tha mind of Jesus
Christ."
VIEWS 03" BEV. ME. BATTLE.
Piles Cured Without the ; Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding. Pile:?.
No Cure, No -Pay. - All druggists are author
ized - by . the manufacturers \u25a0 of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where* it falls to- cure any
case, pf piles, no 'matter Of how long- standing.
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst
cases in fourteen days. One application gives
ease and. rest. t Relieves itching instantly. This
Is a new discovery and is the only pile remedy
Bold on a nosltlve guarantee, "no cure no pay.
A free sample will be sent by mall to any one
tending their name andaddress. i Price, COc. If
ycur druggist don't keep it in stock send us 60c
in' stamps and we will forward a full size box
•by mail. Manufactured by' Paris Medicine Co.,
St". Louis, Mo., who also manufacture the cele
brated cold cure,. Laxative Bromo-Quinin« Tab
lets. ,-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
"Mr. Chairman' and members of the com
mittee: There is no doubt-in -my mind- that
there is no subject of greater importance that
Is- to come.br that can* come before' this Gen
eral Convention. I find myself Interested In
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New York; who Is In
favor of prohibiting remarriage of divorced per
sons, then addressed. the committee as follows:
Who is to determine the. Innocence! of the
party? It not?unfrequently happens that both
parties are guilty and that there is collusion
between the parties. How are \u25a0 you goins to
meet that case by a certified copy of any
record? How is it possible to meet that case
by the production of the record of a civil
court? You can't -do it.- If there be -collusion
between the one will be found guilty,
of course, if the divorce be granted, but only
inferentlally. The other party Is, Innocent.
Whereas, In. case of collusion they are equally
in guilt. I claim therefore that if you Intro
duce any exception to that universality of this
iuIo you largely destroy the purposes to be
accomplished by the section. "
I claim that it Is" better and safer to let
the section stand as It is. It may be we will
work individual hardship in pome cases, but in
the lone run it will conduce to the welfare ef
the community, it will be for the protection
of the clergy and It will advance the inter
ests of religion on all sides.; Unaer the -pres
ent condition of things they no doubt for the
moment had In vieW the laxity in relation to
marriage and. divorce. What is called__holy
matrimony is now only too often a \u25a0 contract
of convenience between' the parties, ' more or
less temporary in its nature. \u25a0_>
T>H. GBEEB/S ARGUMENT. :
Of what shall that consist? Shall it con
sist of a certified copy of the decree? Why,
as stated by the deputy who last. spoke (the
Rev. Mr. Battle), in many cases decrees do not
disclose the precise ground "on which thi di
vorce has-b.een granted. A libel for divorce
may set forth various grounds and the decree
in some, of the States la siinply that a divorce
a vinculo matrimoniae ba granted. Of course,
all these discussion's I am referring to are of
absolute divorces and not merely divorce from
bed and board. ' '
Now it is proposed in suostance to amend
the section by excepting the case, of an inno
cent party to a divorce on the ground of adul
tery. Who Is to ascertain the fact of the. Inno
cence? Will It appear by the record? Certainly
the ministers of this church have no authority
'at their own instance to institute an inquiry
which might lead to a satisfactory, determina
tion cf the fact. They, are without power to
summon and examine witnesses, bo- it goes
without fraying 'that lt-the innocence of the
parties is to be established at all, it must be
established by evidence, as the lawyers say,
aliunde. • • .
In particular cases, but because individual
hardships may result from the application of
a general rule, no argument is furnished
against the propriety of that law. If it be
calculated to do good to the greatest number.
If it promote the general welfare we rest con
tent with It.
Undoubtedly the ; universality of the pro
hibition is contained in the. section as re
po-ted from the House of Deputies will, in
my judgment, in certain cases, work a hard-
Ship, for I do not, as I have already stated,
entertain the ideas entertained by a great
many of the delegates here present. But shall
individual hardshin practically defeat in large
measure the beneficial results which will
enure from the universality of the rule? I
claim not.
MINISTERS LACK . AUTHORITY^
The Rev. Dr. MeKltn of Washington, who
favored the amendment of Dr. Huntington,
said:
"Mr. President and gentlemen of the commit
tee: I rise to speak upon this subject under
a very solemn sense of responsibility. It has
been truly said that no question that is to
come before us. or that can come before us.
is more important. . >'
"I desire at the outset to express my deepest
sympathy with the motive that lies behind the
canon that has been proposed to us and that
has come down from the House of Bishops. I
sympathize profoundly with the motive which
Is intended to guard the purity of the family,
which is intended to* check the vast and grow
ing evils of divorce In our land. But. Mr.
President. I differ in toto from the committee
In regard to the measure \u25a0 which they \u25a0 propose,
as I do not believe it will accomplish the ends
that they propose. I believe so strongly that
it Is a measure fraught- with evil to this
church, not only in itself, but in its relation
ship to the people of the land, and if there were
no other voice in this convention to rise and
oppose it. mine should be that voice.
"Now, sir, I beg to call your attention: first,
to the fact that this proposed legislation is
revolutionary. For ICO years it has been the
privilege of the clergy of this church to offi
ciate at' the marriage of an Innocent party
in the case of divorce for adultery. The prac-
I tice, the principles, the usage of the church,
•for 100 years, is now proposed to be over
turned, and in Justification of that statement
I have only to point to you the language used
by a member of the committee himself.
"I mean the Rev. Dr. Fulton, who said that
this legislation Is along the lines of discipline
of the Western church: that i« to say. the
church of Rome. - I object again to this be
cause It brings into this church the doctrine
upon the subject of marriage which belonged
distinctively to the church of Rome. We had
yesterday tbe 'BlshcD of Rome' upon our
floor \u25a0 That was something- to laugh at be
cause of a mistake, but to-day, in this propo
sition, we have the spirit and the teachings
and: the discipline of the Church of Rome in
very deed and truth.
\u25a0 "The Church of Rome teaches that marriage
is absolutely indissoluble. This church has
never taught it. Now this is a proposition that
we shall change our position upon that point
so that marriage is absolute and under no cir
cumstances indissoluble.
"I would like at once then to come to the
question. What is the teaching of our divin*
Lord? The reason why I object to this legis
lation, the reason why I feel so profoundly
upon It, the reason why I would not dare to
vote for such a proposition as this, ia because,
in my opinion, this is in direct contravention
of the teachings <ef holy Scripture and the
authority of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
and of the authenticity of the records of the
holy Gossel. I believe that it would be one
of the gravest possible errors that this church
could v possibly make.
"Let me first, briefly and hastily as possible
direct your attention to what the real evi
dence of holy- Scripture Is upon this subject.
Our Lord spoke about this upon three occasions.
Two of them are mentioned in Matthew and
one in St. Luke. St. Mark mentions) one which
is one of those mentioned by St. Matthew."*
"In two of the cases upon which our Lord
spoke lie made that one exception to the.indis
solubility of marriage. Now it is said that
St. Paul has spoken in the seventh chapter of
Romans and seventh chapter of First Corin
thians and says nothins about an eruption,
but it did come to pass that a statement
of our Lord was to b« subjected to the exten
uation of an exception. Our Lord in St Mat
thew in those two places states the law and the
exception. St. Paul states the law without
mentioning the exception. . . -
"Now. Mr. President, my opinion, • of course,
will not weigh much upon this subject, but • I
venture to .' direct attention to the opinion
of one whose authority will. I think, be recog
nized. I hold In my hand the clerical confirm
ations for July, 1SDS. In the course of - the
FAVORS THE AMENDMENT.
these you give durability.
" 'But the other one replied: "You have
nothing to complain of but your own nature.
For me. I am nre everywhere and always.'
"Social righteousness Is illustrated au<l
taught in that great divine development and
altering of society as illustrated and taught
as I think by the sovereign lord of the world.
Social righteousness may burn and destroy here
and there and work social hardship, but it is
social righteousness always and everywhere.
I believe, gentlemen, that it : Is the duty . of
the church to take action in this matter. The!
question Is. what action? Shall it .apply- a
general rue? Or shall it apply a rule subject
to exceptions, which will partially neutralize
and defeat the rule itself? I am In favor of
the universality of the. prohibition in all cases
of divorce, no matter what may. be' the cause,
for the simple reason that In my Judgment no
other view, no other law, is practicable and
can work satisfactorily. We all know that
most general laws work individual hardships
I believe that the situation confronting us Is
one . which demands of us some \u25a0 action. -It
seems to me that this question cannot be de
cided by merely theological arguments. We
all know that there are .very many learned
men who differ on- this subject. We cannot
expect them to agree. Now what Is our duty?
Look at the condition of. society. I claim that
considerations of religion, of Christian moral
ity, and I may further say, common decency,
require tho passage of. the \u25a0 resolution as re
ported from, the House of Deputies. •
- New, during the past few years, the grunt
ing of divorces has attained such alarming
proportions as to be a growing.: menace to the
morals of. the family and to the . community.
It has brought . reproach upon Christian, com
munities throughout the length and breadth
of this land. It menaces the purity and happi
ness of the family, which we all know is at
once the unity, and basis, of our Christian
civilization. I
Mr. Chairman,, gentlemen of the eommlttee^-
I sincerely trust that these amendments will
be defeated. I hope from the bottom of my
heart that section 4 as reported from the
House of Deputies will pars. I am not one of
those who believe that Holy Scripture forbids
the marriage of an Innocent party to a dU-orce
on the ground of infidelity during the lifetime
of his or her wife or husband. I do not enter
tain that belief, but equally. I do nof believe
•that Holy Writ contains a command or an in
junction that under all circumstances and re
gardless of tho conditions existing at the time,
a divorced person, though innocent, must be
married and must receive what he is entitled
to have, the ceremony performed and solemn
ized by the ministers of this church. -
Judge Bradford of Delaware, .. United States
District Court Judge of Delaware, then ad
dressed the committee as follows:
"I know that It is natural for this church,
refined and educated, to desire j to stand upon
a higher plane than any other Christian body
can stand, but let us not take an impracticable
step. Let us take a step In which we will be
accompanied by the best people of this country
in all churches of any and all denominations."
The Rev. Elder of South Virginia stated that
he was in sympathy with the amendment but
deemed the language not sufficiently compre
hensive and that the evidence of- adultery
should be sought in the records of the court
rather than upon the face of the decree, etc.
"My only object is to enlarge the means or
the way by which the ground or cause of di
vorce Is to be ascertained," he said.
WANTS AMENDMENTS BEATEN*.
"What did our Savior say when they asked
him the question,. 'What shall be done with
this woman who was taken in the act?' He
replied, 'Let he who is without sin among you
throw the first Btone at her.' \u25a0 What sin had
the man done? Why, the sin which they
charged her with being, guilty of. Nobody
doubted that or can doubt '. it who . reads it
with understanding. He didn't pardon her sin.
He didn't condemn her to death. This is what
he said to. the woman: 'Has no man con
demned thee? Neither do I condemn thee. Go,
and sin no more. 1
to his disciples on this question? It was .that
a woman guilty of adultery should die. That,
of. course, would end the marriage. Isn't that
so? And if he said nothing about the adultery
of men it was because he was not laying
down laws inconsistent with those of the Jews
then in existence. The laws of the Roman
empire were then in the ascendant. The very
laws to which these people allude who asked
him these questions admitted polyaramy. At
man was allowed to have a plurality of wives.
"The teachings of our L»rd and Savior
Jesus Christ laid down such 'principles of
morality, such principles of relistlon and of
virtue as have educated the people of all civ
ilized countries to the point at which we stand
to-day: Women of his day were but little bet
ter than servants. Men were their masters.
Why say that a woman guilty of adultery
that her husband should be divorced when the
law was that she should die, to end the mar
-riase in that way? . .
'"Sir, and gentlemen, I recognize the fact and
no one more. clearly. cr better than I, that in
some instances It will work hardship. Of
course, in \u25a0 some cases it will, work hardship."
That is always the case with the sreat prin
ciple of social righteousness.
"I .read only the 'other day in a book some
8UCh % flgure of allegory as this: . ...
:. "'Some beautiful companion va3es . placed
beside a fire were - talking and complaining
against the elements end said: "Sue how bit
terly you treat me. Me you destroyed. Al!
\u25a0 . "I believe, in separation. I believe that' for
many causes other than infidelity^. physical in
fidelity, there may and. ought to be separation.
Cruelty,- drunkenness and other things, neces
sary perhaps end expedient beyond those neces
sary, that the husband and wife who are hus
band'and wife in this world, that they shoul.l
be separated, but not that they should ybe ab
solutely divorced so that either party should
have the privilege of remarriage. May I Quote
in this connection again what , l>r. Peabody
saytj in his admirable chapter upon the fam
ily in that book: ' ;\u25a0.
.".'Brother and sister may be separated; par
ent and child may be separated; they may be
alienated for what, seems to be good and suffi
cient cause, living far apart on opposite sides
of the earth, but they are always, as this same
gentleman -remarks, always and everywhere
brother and sister, parent and child, and can
not be anything else.' •-•..-.
VI am 'interested, therefore, in the passage
\u25a0 of this proposed canon because I love my kind,
because -1: love my country and because if- I
\u25a0 want, as far as in me lies, to Dut some stop
and -check to tha anarchistic poison that- is
blushing in our society- to-day. I .want to
begin at the beginning, because I recognize that
the family Is an indissoluble unity and that
if you permit, -from, any cause," any disintegra
tion or solution of 'that unity you are'poison
lng the germ that will ultimately poison the
whole social body, and the whole national
framework. • ... . \u25a0 ' .-
BELIEVES IN SEPARATION.
"And, sir, I believe further that this is the
teaching of our divine - Lord upon the subject.
Every one, of course, is responsible to his own
intelligence and to his own conscience in the
interpretation of the teaching of our Lord. I
believe, that the purport of his teaching is to
lay the stress not only upon the indissolubility
of the family, but upon the spirituality of the
family relation. To, dissolve that relation is
to 'disintegrate that unity. It seema to me
implicitly recognized that it Is a. physical re
lation and not a spiritual relation. It is a
spiritual relation into which a man and woman
enter. A spiritual relation In the midst of a
physical environment like the soul in the midst
of the body or like the divine and personal
in the pnesence and in the midst of a phy
sical universe.
"That is the . social situation which con-'
fronts us, or rather in the midst of which'
we are, and as far as each of us has in
fluence before this body we ' are responsible
for the social situation of the body, as there
fore. In my. limited way, a student of social
progress, as a student o£ the course of civiliza
tion,'of the method 'of social development
which teaches me and teaches, it seems to me,
every student, in clearest and most emphatic
language the inviolability and indissolubility
under any circumstances of the integrity of
the family unity, I find myself compelled to
vote against the. amendment -which has been
offered by my esteemed friend from New Tork
and to favor the canon as it has been passed
in the House of Bishops .and sent "down td
the House of Deputies. . . \u25a0 .'
it. not merely, or not chiefly, as a theologian
or an. ecclesiastic, but as a priest of the
church, and as a lover of my kind and as a
"What, is the present social situation in thi9
country? It has been statistically summarized
for us time and again by different persons, but
by none perhaps more succinctly and clearly
than by Dr. Peabody of Cambridge In his ad
mirable book on Jesus Christ and the social
question, where he tells us that during the
recent year more divorces were granted in
this country than In all the countries of Eu
rope, Australia and Canada; that while during
the past twenty years, as he says, the popu
lation of this country has increased at a ratio
of 60 per cent, the divorces during that period
have Increased at a ratio of 156 per cent, and
further he adds that if this accelerating ratio
shall continue there will -be more marital
separations by the end of the century by di
vorce than by death.
Continued From Page One.
The Bishop cf Missouri spoke entertain
ingly and expressed the hope that the
Episcopal church would yet become the
national church of the United States.
The Bishop of South Dakota spoke for
3ust a few moments. He exhibited a
walking cane carved by a Christian Sioux
Indian .and presented to the Bishop a
short time ago with the statement ihat
the carving told the story of the Indian.
The head of the car.e was of stone; along
the stick was carved a snake chasing a
mouse which was just about to find safecy
In a hole carved in the stone handle.
"I asked the Indian what the carving
meant." paid the Bishop. ;
"He replied. "Weakness seeks refuge in
strength." and this is the case to-day with
the Indian."
missions and the Bishops of Alaska. Mis
souri, Kentucky and South Dakota were
to have addressed the board. Most of the
evening, however, was taken up with the
amendment of canon 7 and when the
decks were finally cleared the Bishops of
Alaska and Kentucky had retired. The
Bishop of Kentucky was to have spoken
of missionary work among, colored peo
ple; the Bishop of Alaska of the work in
his own frozen diocese.
"All these men agree in saying that in case
of adultery the marriage may be dissolved and
the innocent party at least allowed to marry
again. The responsibility of opposing their
Judgment is very great. Gentlemen. I think
the responsibility of opposing the judgment of
those great scholars and of opposing their
Judgment in the Engllsh-speakins . world in
the nineteenth century, is very great indeed.
"Now, gentlemen, there is your canon in
which you say the innocent party shall not be
permitted to have the services of this church,
shall not have the services of its pastor in
connection with' such a ceremony, and If that
canon is passed, then w« will be in t>.?3 posi
tion—you will refuse your own children the
right to matrimony in such eases, but you
will accept them in your communion.
BESPONSIBILITY OF CLESGY.
"Mr. Chairman, allusion has been made- here
" 'The argument from Scripture seems to b»
such that I cannot regard marriage as abso
lutely indissoluble. The excepting clause to
these statements in the Gospel must, it seems
to me, limit the general statement to St.
Mark and St. Luke. Such would be th« ques
tion to my mind.' and when I consider tha
weight of the authority of our greatest Bib
lical scholars I dare not "put it aside. Buch
was the question put by Bishop Wadsworth,
whose learning is known to all of us.' "
The speaker quoted other noted churchmen
Of England, and continued:
debate that took place in the upper house tha
Bishop of Lincoln — you gentlemen who are leg
islators will respect the opinion of Dr. King,
the Bishop of Lincoln, who was tried for his
ritualism. This is what he said:
A committee composed of three presby
ters, and three laymen was appointed to>
take up the consideration of the transla
tion of Bishops and report at the next
convention. \ The committee appointed by
the House of Bishops consists of the Biah
ops of New York, Maryland and .coadjutor
of Southern Ohio.
A committee of live. . composed of the
Bishops of Albany, Fond du Lac. Texas,
Vermont and Los Angeles, was appointed,
to prepare a canon on provinces and sub
mit it to the next convention.
The House of Bishops also considered
the proposition to accept a portion of the
State of Kansas as a missionary district.
A vote was taken and it was decided that
action upon the matter should be defer
red. It was recommended, however, that
the Board of Missions should take cog
nizance of the fact that the Bishop of the
diocese was laboring under extraordinary
burdens.
No person divorced for causes arising: after
marriage and marrying again during the
lifetime of the other party to the divorce, nor
any person marrying a person so divorced,
ahall be admitted to baptism or confirmation or
permitted to receive the holy communion until
the written approval of the Blahop shall be
given; provided, that this prohibition shall net
apply to the case of the innocent party to a
divorce for the cause of adultery, and pro
vided also, that the sacrament shall in no
rase be refused to a penitent person in, immi
nent danger of death.
of the missionary district of Shanghai, to
be missionary Bishop of Hankow; Rev.
Charles H. Brent, a presbyter of the dio
cese of Massachusetts, to be missionary
Bishop of the Philippine Islands: Rev.
Frederick "William Cator, presbyter of the
diocese of Iowa, to be missionary Bishop
of the district of Porto Rico; Rev., Wil
liam Cabel Brown, D. p., presbyter of the
church in Brazil, to be missionary Bishop
of the District of Olympia. and Rev.
Charles Campbell Pierce, D. D., presbyter
of Washington, to be missionary Bishop
of the District of North Dakota.
A message was also sent to th» House
of Deputies that the Bishops had con
curred in and adopted proposed article V
of the constitution and that It had dis
agreed to the ratification of the proposed
article V and the second part'of the pro
posed article X.
. At its session in the afternoon the pre
lates discussed canon 37, relating to di
vorce, and concluded by adopting the fol
lowing substitute:
Title— "Of Persons Marrying After Di
vorce."
Continued from Page One.
MISSIONARY BISHOPS APPOINTED
The section of last nignt was to have
been devoted to the subject of domestic
THE Board of Missions, In ses
sion last evening: at Trinity
Church, decided after several
hours' discussion to refer the
report of the committee In
trusted with the resolutions
amending the form of canon 7
cf the constitution to the General Conven
tion of three years hence. It was also de
cided to place printed copies of the pro
posed amendment in the hands of mem
bers of that convention three months be- .
lore the date of its meeting.
Bishop of Dakota
Tells of Sioux
Indians.
BOARD OF MISSIONS WILL NOT GRANGE
CANON UNTIL NEXT GENERAL CONVENTION
HOUSE OF DEPUTIES SITS ALL DAY AS A COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
2
What Is the use of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if hi3 joints were being dis-
located ?
Ee knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack.
V/hat he want* to know is what will per-
manently cure his disease.
a That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, is
Hood's Sarsaparllla
It promptly neutralizes the acid In the
blood on which the disease depends, com-
pletely eliminates it, and strengthens tha
system against its return. Try Hood's.W. Morrow. Frank A. Lewis, William Bab
cock. General J. B. Babcock, Hon. W. C. Van
Fleet, W. S. Wood, AVilliam F. Herrln, Prince
A. Poniatowski, Julius P. Kruttschnitt, E. W.
Hopkins, W. M. Sklddy, Hall McAllister. Frank
J. Symmes, Joseph S. Tobin. R. P. Schwerin,
Henry T. Scott, E. S. Pillsbury. William Al
vord, G. W. McNear, E. B. Pond, Rev. R. C.
Foute. J. W. Byrne, Joseph D. Grant, Herman
Oelrichs, F. W. Zelle, John D. Spreckels, A.
F. Morrison, G. W. Kline, Charles K. Green,
Reuben H. Lloyd, W. B. Cope, William J. Dut
ton, Charles Webb Howard, F. H. Wheelan,
Frank P. Deering. Homer S. King. George A.
Newhall. Thomas L. Wood, Mountford S. Wil
son, M. F. Michael, W. B. Bourn, Charles P.
Eells, Judge E. A. Andrews. Claus Spreckels,
R. T. Paine, Professor David Starr Jordan,
Judge Stiness, General W. H. L. Barnes, the
Right Rev. Bishop of Kentucky. .
ARRESTS SOCIALIST FOR
DISTtTREING THE PEACE
Curbstone Orator Uses Improper Lan
guage and Is Taken Into
Custody!
Sidney B. France, a socialistic agitator
who holds forth on Grant avenue, near
Market street, was arrested last night by
Policeman Royston on the charge of dis
turbing the peace. France at the time
was giving vent to Improper language.
He was also hurling abuse against the
Police Department.
- France has been so obstrepuous in his
talks that a number of his auditors have
frequently rewarded him with a rather
free contribution of stale eggs, inter
spersed with a few choice but juicy to
matoes. When taken into custody laat
night France threatened dire vengeance
if he should ever agaki be disturbed in
his diatribes.
BERNARD WARD MUST GO
TO THE PENITENTIARY
Supreme Court Says Secretary of Ida
rine Firsmen's TJnion Had
a' Fair Trial.
Bernard Ward, the absconding financial
secretary of the Pacific Coast Marine
Firemen's Union, will have to serve his
seven years' sentence at Folsom. f Such
was the decision of the Supreme Court
Ward, by manipulating the funds over
which he had control, laid away a trifle
more than J4000 for himself in excess of
his salary. His attorneys have carried on
a vigorous light for him through all the
It was claimed on behalf of the defend
ant that the trial accorded him in the
lower court was illegal by reason of vari
ous technical errors. The Supreme Court
reviews the case thoroughly, but finds, no
worthy reason why the sentence 'should
not be executed as ordered.
Mayor Phelan Sued.
Joseph Castor filed suit yesterday in the
Justice's Court agfUnst James D. Phelan
as director in the San Francisco and San
Mateo Agricultural Association to recover
$151 on a stockholder's liability. Castor
is the . assignee of several creditors,
who allege that they furnished several
thousand dollars' worth of supplies to the
association for which payment has not
been made. .
upon man than to study the history and watch
the career of those we knew when he and
they were boys, when the shadows of life, its
struggles, its anxieties, its successes and Its
failures have overshadowed them. I have tha
advantage, I think, of every one of the gen
tlemen sitting about this 'table, because I knew
the distinguished guest of the evening when he
was a boy.
Mr. Morgan was a quiet, refined, delicately
sensitive young man, and he began life when?
his great father left off. Taught In his school,
inspired by his example, his father lived to
see him a crown in the occupation . of his
choice, a power for good wherever he went,
useful not merely In the higher walks of
finance, not merely the strengthener of the
national credit and the upholder of the na
tional power, but dealing with everything from
great questions of finance to the building of
the Columbia that has kept the cup of the
America still upon American noil.
The history of this last century has been a
wonderful one. The history of this century will
be more wonderful still. The last century has
demonstrated that this nation is one and in
divisible. It has made forever an end of human
slavery. It has developed the high energies of
a great and prosperous people, and the problem
of the coming century will be the development
of that which Is the highest and best charity,
what is beet for man to . do for man bo that
Industrial excitement shall no longer exist, that
commerce shall not be paralyzed by strikes,
ships will not be tied to wharves and bands of
marauders beat the shape of God's image out of
those who desire employment. The time is at
hand when these questions and that higher
charity will find it* development.
In many respects the American people is
the most charitable people the world has ever
known. I remember not long since reading
that the individual charities of the men of
wealth in America, not counting sums less than
$5000, for nine years ending the commencement
of this year, given for private charity, amount
ed to $300,000,000. If you add to that the benefi
cence of the Government toward the men who
suffered and fought that this nation might be
preserved it rises to the thousands of millions,
runs up into the uncountable and unmeasure
able billions of valuation. In future all chari
ties must end. and if they end they must be
repeated. If our great friend here to-night
were to take his fortune and divide it up
among the people of the country, in a few
months it would all be spent and the work
all have to be done . over again. . .
CHARITY IS RELIANCE.
Then what is the great charity? The great
charity for the coming century is that which
shall make It possible for a man to live, that
shall make it possible for him to live, to sup
port his wife and educate his children without
reliance upon anything else but God and'him
self. That time is coming and we shall make
It. We have 75,000,000 of people in this coun
try to-day. Before long we shall have 100,000.000
to 125,000,000. They cannot all be manufacturers
and the bulk of them must take up the land
and live by the land and on the land. Crops
are raised, but they are valueless unless they
can be exchanged for something which he who
raises them can u$e.
He Is tnV,most charitable man for the com
ing century who shall build and manage for
the people the great railway enterprises of thi«
continent, who shall build and manage the
great industrial enterprises of the country, who
shall take the. article which man produces and
bear it to other nations, taking back that which
shall be of use and beauty and value and re
finement to him. And with, such work will
come the emancipation of labor, the dignity
of man, the best life,' the best education, the
highest realization of the sweetest dreams of
, humanity that shall march its column up and
lay its burden down withdut fear in the face
of the father of us all who looks down to
night upon this gathering from his throne in
heaven. , . •-, ,< , .
The Bishop of South Carolina, after a
happy speech, concluded with this bit of
sentiment which won him hearty ap
plause:
I want to assure you, gentlemen of Califor
nia, that there is in South Carolina a very sin
cere and a very earnest and a very growing
eentiment of love and reverence and respect for
this great country of ours. It is my duty to say
that I believe that the late President of the
United States, honored be his memory, as glo
rious was his character, has done more for the
people of the South, more for my dear people
in helping us to a sincere, self-respecting, con
scientious respect for the stars and stripes and
the Government that overcame us, the Govern
ment that persuaded us as he would have it,
persuaded us by an affectionate assimilation in
arms to be one — and I assure you, gentlemen,
that there is in South Carolina to-day as faith
ful and as sincere and as loyal a purpose and
determination to be true to this country as
there was some years ago as faithful and loyal
a determination to be faithful to the Southern
Confederacy.
VISIT * A HAPPY OMEN.
J. "W. Byrne, the president of the Pa
cific Union Club said in response to a
call from the toastmaster:
It is a pleasure and a privilege to welcome
under this roof men of such high endeavors
and particularly to welcome here members of
a profession too seldom represented in an au
dience of this kind, and their presence reminds
us of the fact that more than a century ago
men also inspired by religloua zeal sought this
shore. They broke the silence . in -which this
land • had been slumbering and they laid the
foundation. We may then hope that this new
race of men equally earnest and striving to
wards the same ends may bring to that prog
ress a new birth and new impulse, and It Is p.
happy omen for the fulfillment of that hope
that the foremost man in America's industries
finds the time and inclination to come here
and share in the consideration and solution or
the moral and religious problems of our daily
life. Gentlemen, we cannot fail to feel the
better for your comins.
The menu was as follows:
MENU.
Toke roints.
Chicken a la Reinr
trolled Pompano.
Cucumbers.
\u25a0 - Vol au Vent a la' Toulouse.
Chaudfroid a la Rousse,
Fonds d'Artlchauts.'
Canvasback Duck.
Hominy. Celery Salad.
Glace Macedoine.
Assorted Cakes.
Wines Piper Heidseck, 1SSJ.
Camembert. Biscuits.
Coffee.
October Eleventh,
Nineteen Hundred ancT One.
The complete list " of those who spoke
follows:
William H. Crocker, J. Plerpont Morgan,
Bishop Potter of New York, J. W. Byrne,
president of the club, Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
BlEhop of Kentucky, David Starr Jordan,
Francis Lynne Stetson, "William W. H.
Barnes, Irving M. Scott, ' Bishop of South
Carolina, Bishop of Massachusetts.
. Following are the names of those pres
ent at the banauet:
-Professor Benjamin "Ide Wheeler, the Right
Rev. Bishop of Massachusetts, Irving.M. Scott,
the Right Rev. Bishop Qf South Carolina, Judge
John Garter, Francis Lynde Stetson, Hon. W.
That respect which California has shown in
very hisli degree for education augurs well
for a return to solid foundations for respect
for order. It is out of schools and universities
that will come that sense of obedience which
will make anarchy impossible and which will
make respect for order the very foundation of
life. (Apnlause.) The best thing our schools
and universities can teach, the first thing they
must teach, is respect for order.
Children who have been taught to obey have
been made fit to live as members of the
social system. There has been a great
deal of talk about devices for the cor
rection of anarchy in these past days
We welcome these guests here to us becau»e
they represent a standing order. California
can we!! afford to take into itself a larger.
reFpect for things that have stood among
men and have stood the tesj. of time, the test
of experience. We can very well afford to in
fuse into our life a larger reverence, a finer
obedience toward things that are permanent,
firm and noble.
Out of respect for lire ae historically consti
tuted crows that orderliness of life which
makes life economical, which makes life pro
ceed without waste, which gives life its ef
fectiveness, its charm, the love of life, oppor
tunity and fulfillment and makes life worth
living.
Wo have had enough of disorder to disre
spect all forms of lawlessness. We have had
enough of disorder to welcome whatever repre
sents the solid historic order of our social ex
istence.
AVe are out here in the Far West in one
sense far away from the centers of historic
order, and we welcome here a body that rep
resents a standing order, that order in life,
that reverence for things that were and for
life that is historically constituted out of which
can spring the highest effectiveness— freedom—
and freedom that is anchored in respect for
the established order is the freedom that glv^s
life effectiveness.
dating the energy and self-sacrifice and high
devotion and high ideas In finance which are
illustrated in your guest to-night.
I aeked one of his children some time ago to
tell me about the father. She said that when
he was at home he almost always read. She
said: "When he is entirely at leisure he reads
the old convention journals." What Is it that
he finds jntere^ting- in the old convention jour
nals? I have reached the conclusion that he
Keeks them as a mode of repose. (Laughter.)
I believe myself that is the explanation. He
finds it a soothing atmosphere and - one that
does net greatly tax his intellectual resources.
When I went to Grace Church last Sunday
and saw the collection, after the service,
brought into the vestry room, one of
the wardens held up the considerable
coin, a penny. He said: "We don't get that
sort of coin here, only when you Eastern people
come." Well, gentlemen, that Is the situation
to which we have been introduced by the en
ergy and aggressiveness of the West.
It has been suggested that Mr. Morgan might
decide to stay in San Francisco for the rest
of his life instead of living in New York. If
he does not I can assure you it will not be be
cause he doesn't want to.
ORDER AGAINST LAWLESSNESS.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of the
University of California, was then called
upon. He said:
Mr. Host and Gentlemen: I am very proud
that I can stand up here this evening to
speak for California. I speak of it as if I
had made it. I speak of it with all the prida
and all tha enthusiasm of a new convert. We
are glad to welcome these guests among us.
I suppose, first of all, because we are so few
that we often get tired of each other, and tired
of each other's stqries and each other's
speeches, and we are glad to hear somebody
ftlFe talk. We are glad to welcome them among
us for what they represent.
General Barnes hit the keynote last
night and- he held his listeners with his
customary eloauence. He said:
Nothing is more delightful as the years ,grow
BARNES IS ELOQUENT.
EDUCATION IS THRIVING.
President Jordan of Stanford University
said in part:
Mr. Host and Gentlemen: I am cast to-night
in a very modest though a very pleasing^role,
which is my duty to express to our guests some
points or some pointers that may perhaps help
them in their future relations with California.
I am inclined to think that they are possessed
of strictly erroneous ideas In regard to the
climate of California.
As a friend of mine suggested. It is just as
well for men to get away <rom the idea that
every table in California Is set in just the
way this one is to-night. Our guests will find
when they stay in this city a short time that
It Is made up of hospitality and climate.
The measure of higher education to the square
inch in California is higher than anywhere else
in the world. You will find this State with a
scanty population of a million and a quarter of
people with D000 college students to-day.
The old Ideal. of the English universities has
been that of culture, to make Individual, cul
tured men, to raise men out of a class of com
mon men. It is a high ideal. The universities
of Germany find this a secondary matter, but
they ' have an Interest In other things. But
there is still another ideal which I think is
higher than any other, and that is the ideal of
effectiveness.
and violence has been suggested of
every sort, violent legislation and violent ac
tion, but after all when we come down to the
right all anarchy can be annulled only when
the sense of obedience toward the standing so
cial order Is inculcated In the children who
grow up to make the next generation. The
source of authority, the source of loyalty to
the existing order will be found always in fami
lies, and it is the family system that we must
stand loyally by. If we go at the right of the
matter we shall go into schools and we shall
establish In schools education, not in the know
ing of things, but In obedience to the author
ityf that inheres in the standing order, the
Ftajiding order of the family, the standing or
der of Christian society. We shall Inspire
their reverence for things that are fine and
noble, things that are high and holy and of
good repute.
You cannot separate from Inspiration religion.
No process that has been found yet can wring
out as water is wrung out of a cloth reverence
p.nd faith and belief in things noble. Our pub
lic schools may well avoid subservience to a
cultivation of things sectarian, things ecclesi
astical, but we have got to nave In our public
schpuls and In our universities as teachers men
who revere things noble, men wno nave faith In
things high, men who have faith in things be
hind the veil, and we in California rejoice to
have among us a body of men who stand for
the larger reverence which makes life solid and
gives us an anchorage before the sunrise and
behind the sunset. We are proud of California,
we are glad to have you here in order that you
may see It, see its abundance, see Its opportu
nities. We think we know what its opportunity
is. We are just waking up to know the full
ness of it. ' •
We have always talked about things in the
East as things "back East," and yet we have
not half lived up to our phrase "back East."
It is only In recent days- that we have really
come to believe what Bishop Potter eaid to
day at Berkeley, that San Francisco is the
front door of the continent. We need men
who can lead and bring men together. This
land of California Is all right If it can bring
out men who can join their hands together
and men who can lead them and who can
help. For after all it is not climate nor geo
graphy that makes a nation; it is the power
of joining men together. Yes, It Is righteous
ness that exalteth a nation and makes a peo-
Ple.
BANQUET /\IND SPEECHES IIN HONOR OF J. PIERPONT MORGAN.
The Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco held another meeting at
the (P;pheum yesterday afternoon to per
fect plans for the third annual benefit in
ciu of their charity fund, in conjunction
with the iIcKin!ey memoriiil fund, to be
held at the Grand Opera-house next
Thursday afternoon. Various comrnit
xees were appointed, that on, entertain
ment consisting ot Melville Marx, John
Morrisey. >V\ Jl. Leahy and Alf Elling
bouse. Philip Hastings was chosen to act
£.s press lepresentative.
The siage will be under the direction of
George K. Lask, Harry Orndorf, Fred
Butler and Charies il. Bryant and the
young ladies of the "Florodcra" company,
"who will appear in their stage costumes
and act as a reception committee.
The programme will undoubtedly be the
strongest ever given in San Francisco,
every theater In the city contributing its
best features. One of the great novelties
\u25a0will be the first appearance in America of
the Pollard 'Juvenile Opera Company,
which will arrive from Australia on the
Sonoma next Monday. The company has
a large repertoire and will be heard in
the last act of the "Belle of New York."
The double sextet from "Florodora" will
be a feature, ard Miss Grace Dudley of
ijhe same organization will sing "When I
Town." Mason and Mason and
)X-rie WilllamE-Salter of the "Rudolph
t>nd Adoiph." company will give the
brightest bits from that comedy, the
Royal Italian I-land will be heard in sev
eral selections and the Tivoli's contribu
tion will be Estefania Collamarini and
Domenico Russo in a scene from "Car
men." and thR prayer scene from "Xa
bucco," v.ith fcignor Dado and the large
chorus.
Cainille D'Arville, the operatic favorite,
who is in the city, will sing, the Grand
Onera-hoi:se stock company will rresent
an a-t of "The L-ittle Minister," the Al
razar's offering will be the second act of
j "Too Much Johnson," and the Orpheum
1 will send over Monroe, Mack and Law
rence in "How to Get Rid of a Mother
i " ! n-law," the De Courcy brothers, hercu
lean acrobats, and Thomas Baker, a
famous mor.olosist and parody singer.
The latest novelties in moving pictures
will conclude the performance, which will
be continuous, commencing at 1 o'clock
• • '\u25a0 •*,
f That the house will be packed goes
i without saving. The sale of seats will
bf gin at the Grand Opera-house Monday
I morning at S o'clock.
Brilliant Programme Prepared for
the Big Event at the Grand
Opera-House.
MONSTER BE2TEITT
THURSDAY AFTERNOON"
Upon motion of Deputy Lewis of Pennsylva
nia the House of Deputies resolved itself Into a
committee of the whole to further consider the
canon on the solemnization of marriage and
divorce adopted by the House of Bishops. Chair
man Packard of the committee of the whole
A message from the House of Bishops. .was
announced and Secretary Harf entered - and
handed the nominations for Bishops to the new
dioceses created, as follows: To the missionary
district of Hankow. Rev. James Addison In
galls, a presbyter of the missionary district of
Shanghai; to the missionary district of the
Philippine Islands, Rev. Charles H. Brent,
presbyter of tile diocese of Massachusetts; to
the missionary district of Olympla, Rev. Fred
erick "William Cator, presbyter of the diocese of
Iowa; to the missionary district of Porto Rico,
Rev. William Cabel Brown, D.D., presbyter of
the church in Brazil: to the missionary district
of North Dakota, Rev. CharFes Campbell Pierce,
D.D., presbyter of Washington.
A message was received from the House of
Bishops notifying that it had concurred in and
adopted proposed article 11 of the constitution;
and that It had disagreed to the ratification of
the proposed article V and the second part of
the proposed article X.
MESSAGE FROM BISHOPS.
When President Lindsay called the deputi/s
to order there was not a vacant seat in the
eacred edlflce.
Despite the heat, the House of Deputies was
crowded with visitors in the afternoon. The
galleries were filled to their utmost capacity by
the wives and daughters of the clerics and lay
men. The fair sex looked cool in their vari
colored shirt waists. There was a constant
flutter cf fans that made the scene an animated
one.
Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York
Delivers a Stirring Speech, in
Defense of Innocence.
DEBATE CONTINUES
AFTER NOON RECESS
££ to our responsibility as clergymen of the
church. I want to say a word about that. I
believe that this proposition is really a propo
sition to nullify the teachings of Christ, to
nullify the authprity of the Matter and to
nullify the power and the force of those vows
which you and I have taken at the solemn
moment when we were ordained for the priest
hood. At that time we promised before God
fcnd his church that ve would so administer
end dispense to the church as Christ the Lord
liad commanded.
"Now you tell us that we must administer
cot according to the commandments of Christ,
but according to the teachings of this canon.
I want to ask you this: 'Am I to obey 'Christ
or the canon of the church; am I to ask this
of the Bishop?* It would be a very difficult
thing for the Bishop of that diocese to an
swer and decide that question. I earnestly hope
that some form cf amendment like- that which
I>r. Huntingdon has in its simple form pro
l>oe»d, be adopted by this house.
"If this canon were passed I should so back
•to my home feeling that the church of my
Jove, that the church ol my reason, that the
churcn of my forefathers for 300 years has
lowerW the standard of Holy Scripture to a
etate no longer in the forefront and as pro
claiming that its teachings are based upon
the teachlcgs of filvine law and the Master
himself."
REV. PR. FISK'S ADDRESS.
The Rev. Dr. Fisk of Rhode Island was the
Jiext speaker. He said:
"We are not discussing a canon relating to
<iECipline of the members of this church or
the law of Christ, but we are discussing what
la expedient in the attitude of this church to
nard this great moral question.
"The eyes of the people of this whole coun
try are turned and have been turned for a long
time toward the Episcopal church when it
ehculd assemble to see and hear what it will
have to say in thi6 great question. If this
convention adjourns with the rejection of this
canon proposed the moral sense of the people
of this country will suffer from the blow."
The Rev. Dr. Packer of Long Island in part
paid:
speaking upon this question the gentle-
sa.id that he desired to test It by three
inTTgt:: First, does it answer the requirements
of ho'.y Scripture? Does it command the ascent
of the moral sense? Or is it an expedient to
meet the requirements of utility? First, has
it the sure warrant of holy Scripture? It
should have it. Now I want to know if thip
church can afford to go out into the world
with a car.on whose authority is doubtful. Can
we enact on this great and burning question a
canon that does not embody the mind of Jesus
Christ. I believe "that adultery is a deadly
thing. So deadly that it can disintegrate and
dissolve the marriage vow."
Tfce Rev. Dr. de Rosset of Springfield was
nexvi recognized. In part he said:
"Au-^ug other tMngs the gentleman said
IKat he or.ly wished to make one point, that
this was the question of the solemnization of
matrimony only. He called attention directly
to the words of the prayer book: "So long as
vp both ?hall live' and the words 'until death
us do part' and the wcrds 'let no man put
asunder.' This service ould not be used even
though the church may allow divorces for "cer
tain causes, or even thoueh certain lnterpreta
t«ons of the word of God may be admitted.
This service cannot be used again if a person
who has a husband or wife still living is di
vorced for cause.
'This church is perfectly competent to pre
pare any service if it wishes so to do, but it
6ays r.ov.- that this service shall be used only
iur certain ceses and for no others."
WHAT CHRIST WOULD DO.
The Rev. Dr. Ashton of "Western New Tork
continuing the debate, said:
"The prayer book repeats and echoes the
jrreat law of Christ upon the indissolubilitv of
the marriage bond. The question before th's
house is. What is becoming- and what is right
in the case of a minister of this church who
"It is always, it seems to me, expedient,
and we are at all times at liberty to go to an
extreme for the sake of expediency. The third
ground for my change of attitude is that the
situation is absolutely so scandalous that we
must do something to influence public opinion."
The committee of the whole then reported
progress to the House of Deputies and an ad
journment was taken until 3 p. m.
Our Lord made one exception. He said- that
except for one cause there should be no di
vorce, but I take the ground that if our L,ard
were here to-day he would take a higher
ground and one for which the unity of mar
riage and for which the people would stand
here to-day." ....
I>R. FOLET DECLARES HIMSELF.
The Rev. Dr. Foley of Central Pennsylvania,
the last speaker before adjournment, said:
"Mr. Chairman, I have taken the floor to
declare myself upon this question a convert
since I came to San Francisco. When I came
here I was asking mj-self and others. the ques
tion whether we should take an extreme posi
tion upon this subject. One of the reasons for
my conversion Is that in conversation with dis
tinguished laymen of this convention I have
come to the conclusion that the great majority
of the laymen propose to vote in favor of this
fourth section as sent down to us by the House
of Bishops, and 1 cannot think that there will
be any greater misfortune than for the lay
men of this convention to propose a remedy for
this social evil than for the clergy and this
convention not to give their assent to this
canon.
« - . . \u25a0
may be called upon to solemnize by divine cere
mony this most sacred and divine act of matri
mony? I shall offer a resolution that before
we go into the vote upon this" particular section
that we respectfully request the president of
the House of Deputies to stand upon the pulpit
and offer a special prayer for divine guidance,
that when we come io cast our vote here it
may be for the glory of God and for the good of
man.
Contiaued From Pag« Two.
. "This is hot a liturgical refinement, and I
can justify it by an appeal to history. The
last speaker, or the last but one, called our
attention to the fact that in the days when
our Lord .was on the earth there were no
courts of divorce. Well, then was Christ de
fying the state? No; he was saying something
that the man who married the woman needed
to keep In mind, and which he alone was con
cerned to keep in mind. To him, he says,
therefore. 'What God hath Joined together let
no man," (let not you) 'put asunder." There
can be no other exegesis; it. is pure fact.
"I should like to use the few minutes remain
ing to me, if few minutes there be remain
ing, in disputing this assumption of the posi
tion of the Christian state as if It were some
thing alien from the church of God. No man
who takes that view of the matter has studied
his Bible or his prayer book, and especially
I say his prayer book, for in that book the
Institution of human society and of civil gov
ernment Is recognized Just as distinctly. Just
as clearly, I am. almost prepared to say more
distinctly and more clearly than the institu-
"We .-have had that referred to here as if this
were the church' shaking Its fist In the face of
the civil . power and defying it to do Its worst.
Who has not listened in the congregation when
holy, matrimony was being solemnized and
heard those words read in precisely that spirit?
I can show in a word or two that that is an
utter misconception of their purpose. They
are not addressed to the public at large; they
are not addressed to the congregations there
present; still less are they addressed to God's
institute, the state. They are addressed to the
parties concerned. - • -
"Some years ago I received a. letter from an
eminent Presbyterian divine of liturgical ten
dencies who thought that he could improve on
the office of holy matrimony' in the prayer
book, and, knowing that I had taken an inter
est '.n such subjects, and being a ' personal
friend, he sent me a draft of his proposed ser
vice for. matrimony and wanted to know what
I thought of it; and one of the improvements
which he considered especially valuable" was
that he had transferred these words 'Those
whom God hath joined together let no
man put asunder,' from the place which they
ordinarily occupy in the office of the prayer
book . to the place between the announcement
to the congregation and the blessing.' That is
where it belongs, he said. Not at all; not at
all. .It is spoken- to. the parties, as you will
ses^by examining .the rubric, 'And-'after that
has .been said then shall: the ; minister speak
unto the company." - . • \u25a0
\u25a0 "Now, sir. for the prayer book fallacies.
They are \u25a0 two. • I may not have time to bring
them, out clearly, but I will do my best. The
first is with reference to that sentence in the
office of matrimony, 'Those whom God hath
Joined together; let no man put asunder.'
- "For the legal .'aspect of this question I am
well content to rest with what has already been
Eaid by. those -more competent to speak than
I.. I am glad to have heard the words of an
ex- Attorney General of the United States; I
am glad to have heard the words of a Judge
of the Court o£. Appeals of the great State of
New York. It is not for me to attempt com-,
mentary upon what they have to tell us. They
have sided with- the- innocent party. I do not
yield for one moment to my eloquent and dear
friend, the rector of St. Bartholomew's, New
York, in zeal for. the' purity of the family and
the sanctity of the home. But. sir. I put as
high as any of these considerations justice to
the innocent. , , ... •.
."First, with -regard to the .innocent party.
I once heard an eminent divine of this church,
who has been active in this discussion, and
who. but' for my knowledge of his tender heart,
I should have, charged with cruelty for say-
Ing it, speak of the 'so-called Innocent party"
in this discussion. It reminded me. I confess,
of the famous expression used by a preacher
In his diatribe against modern science, when
he spoke of this- 'so-called nineteenth century.'
(Laughter.) . - .
"There ' are : innocent persons, sir, in every
criminal case ,-involvIng other interests than
those of. the one, and I marvel that in thin
debate, where the lights of the law have given
"us of their wisdom, that it has not occurred to
any one ; of them to quote the maxim. 'It is
better that . ten \ gullty.jmen should escape" thai,
that one innocent man should suffer."
"In our "zeal for sanctity . let us not forget
sanity. I desire to do these things: First, to
say a word for the 'innocent parties'; secondly,
to call attention to divers prayer book falla
cies that have been heard in this debate. - • - . :
asked and obtained permission to withdraw his
assent to the amendment that was proposed tb
his- motion, addressed the house as follows:
"We should say to the person guilty of adul
tery: 'We will punish you, and. to the person
who Is Innocent, the church has no censure to
place upon you.' We will reward such con
duct when a faithful son or daughter of the
church comes for its sanction, to tell them that
the blessing- of God rests upon them. Such
it seems to me is the law of God and the law
of man.'.'...'.- „. . -"J., .*;....-. •.«:•»>-" •-""•&••* '• -
DEFINES THE SCTEHPTXJRES:
Rev. Dr. Benton of ..Kentucky followed and
argued on the indlssolubllity of marriage. '_ He
quoted sections of the Bible to strengthen his
argument. In part he said: • \u25a0 i "\u25a0 • .
"We have been told that this proposed ac
tion sent down from the -House of Bishops is
revolutionary. That it Is contrary to the uni
form practice of 100 years.
"If we take pity" upon the wife who is the
wife of a drunkard who turns his home into
a hell, shall we not have pity upon the wife
whose husband has been unfaithful to his mar
riage vows? If pity Is to rule must we not
marry people who are divorced for any cause?
"I submit, sir, -that the scriptures remain
and they, in their fullness, declare the indtssol
ubillty of marriage and that no one can re
marry. And now we come to our own legis
lation. AVe take up our Book of Common
Prayer, and does it not declare the doctrine
of the church ? Doeg that not declare that after
the marriage vows are taken, that that engage
ment is for life?"
DR. HXTNTINGTON'S ARGUMENT.
Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York, having
"In this discussion there are two great prin
ciples that underlie everything . that has be.en
said or perhaps- can be said on this subject.
There Is underneath everything the paramount
question, "What can we do when we look
abroad and see the dissolution that comes to
our homes — what can we do for our homes?'
"It is not the question or criticism on what
we are to decide this matter. It is the ques
tion • of the great principle that' our Savior,
Christ, put into the world when he . spoke to
the people of Judea. I ask what is the inter
pretation that Christians have placed upon. his
words? They have said in defense of the sanc
tity of the home that no divorce shall be allow
ed the man at his own whim and pleasure,
but should only be allowed by a decree of the
court. - '" ' \u25a0
posed the' proposed canon, directing his bat
teries principally against the fourth section, r
"The question before us,".; he said, "Is not
whether the . laws of the State • are right . or
wrong, but the precise - question , we have to
consider and ' decide is what ; is : the best course
for the' church . to pursue with reference to
persons after they* have been -divorced? Ms :it'
better, for the" church to proscribe and prose
cute and drive away such persons, or lsilt bet
ter for- the church to extend to them- the hand
of friendship, to" treat them with consideration
and kindness and try to make better-men and
women of them? I am aware that there - are
great abuses under the existing divorce laws
of. the country, but those abuses are arguments
to be addressed to . the ' law-making power I of
the country. They, have nothing .-to do with
the question before this convention. !
"I have had considerable to do with the ad
ministration of the law for more than fifty
years as. Judge and practitioner, and the result
of my experience 1b that In a great majority
of cases applications for -divorce are made by
women who seek to be released from worthless,
drunken and criminal husbands, who have been
left abandoned, ' sometimes with children on
their hands, and generally in "poverty. I ask
any man In this convention if he, can give
any good, sound, practical reason- why a
woman . who is divorced under such circum
stances if she finds a man who is willing : to
marry her, who will '• make her a good husband
and her children a good father and will.pro
vide support and' comfort for her and them,
why she should not have a right to marry that
man and why an Episcopal clergyman should
not have the right to perform the ceremony.'
This legislation \u25a0 on our part will. have no more
effect in deterring people from getting divorce
than the Pope"s bull had against the comet.
When people seek \u25a0 divorce they -do not stop
to consider whether they will be recognized by
the Episcopal church. They know very well
that if the Episcopal church will not recog
nize them all the other churches of the coun
try, will. Therefore it is trying to do some
thing that is , impracticable. It Is 'straining
at a gnat and swallowing a camel.' " - ..-
DISCUSSES PARAMOUNT POINTS.
Rev. Dr. Bassett of Rhode Island followed
and said in part:
Deputy 'George H. Williams of Oregon op-
OPPOSES PROPOSED CANON.
"There is one point involved, and that is
whether the principle of this church shall be
the iodissolubllity of the marriage relation.
"We come here not to legislate; that is for the
State — for the civil government. We come here
to say what shall be the policy of the church.
"We come here to learn whether the policy of
the church Is to preserve the purity of woman.
It is for us to say whether the white banner
of the church shall be unfurled in the cause
of purity or whether it shall be-- denied with
the sophistries of the age."
"For me it . Is sufficient that the unbroken
practice of this church from the commence
ment has permitted remarriage to the innocent
party to a divorce on the ground of adultery,
and that by the common consent of all civ
ilized legislatures and rulers it has been al
lowed. It comes, in my judgment, to the
question of the • expediency of this proposed
legislation. In my judgment the statistics of
divorce -which have been quoted here are not
pertinent to the discussion until it has been
shown that a large number of the divorces
granted in this country have been granted on
the ground of adultery. I believe that nine
tenths of the divorces in the United States pro
ceed upon grounds not scriptural other than
adultery. This is a question of expediency. I
admit that great principle of law which su
bordinates the interests of the few and permits
restraint to some extent upon personal liberty
in the interest of matrimony. This is the first
attempted legislation which I have ever known
which undertakes to subordinate the rights and
interests of the many for the reason that they
may be opposed by the few. Are we to permit
that legislation which denies to the innocent
party entitled to a divorce on the ground of
adultery? Are we to deny to this large class
of people who admit a scriptural right to
remarry simply to prevent abuses which now
and then take place by the perversion of the
judgments of the courts? In my judgment
we are not so justified and no question of
expediency can authorize j an ecclesiastical
council to interpose an obstacle to the ad
ministration of matrimony by the ministers of
our church upon such grounds."
Rev. Dr. Thomas of South Carolina followed
and told the convention that he was the proud
descendant of the first missionary sent out
to 'convert the Indians in his State. In part
he said:
"This is the question of all questions in the
world. I am told that there are numbers of
gentlemen who know all about this question.
This one thing is certain. That of all the mat
ters that can. come up before the convention
this is one that touches the human heart. Here
comes pathos, here comes misery, here comes
pity, here comes compassion."
Deputy Charles Andrews of "Western . New
York next claimed the attention of the house.
He said:
"Now, there are two sorts of conscience in
the world as I understand it— both very valu
able, both very different. One is the conscience
refined and scrupulous and devout. The con
science that ultimately leavens the world and
sets the standard of morals. Will that con
science agree with you, will it support you. if
jeu are rigorous? I tell you nay. All men
know the life of the soul. Knowing this, . as
men and women grow older they grow more
rigorous toward self and more infinitely com
passionate toward others.
"You cannot convince the public of America
that there are not certain people . who should
not marry after divorce. You may yourselves
believe this— that is your privilege, but the
great body of America will never believe that
by the law of Christ they cannot remarry
after • divorce. That being the case, is your
legislation expedient? It will be expedient if
you can command the Christian conscience of
those In America — not public opinion, I care
little about that, but Christian conscience — and
I tell you nay. . .
took the gavel and announced that the ques
tion before the house was the consideration of
section 4 of the message of the House of
Bishops. . .
DR. PARKS OPENS DISCUSSION.
Rev. Dr. Parks of New York was the first
speaker to be recognized. In part he said:
"I think it extremely important that the con
vention should know what they are doing.
They agree with me. They are in danger of
being befogged by certain statements being
made on this platform. "What we are engaged
In is an endeavor to raise the standard of mo
rality by setting up a better standard of mar
riage.
DEPUTIES TALK. ELOQUENTLY,
1A HE Junior department la eon-
junction with the babies'
branch of the "Woman's Auxil
iary held an informal confer
ence yesterday morning at
headquarters, 1G09 Sutter street.
The conference was conduct
ed by Mrs. Burleson of North Dakota,
At noonday special prayers were read
find an address followed by the Rev. Dr.
Powers, who spoke interestingly on the
chui^rh and missionary work in Cuba.
The afternoon ceremonies consisted of
conferences and addresses. Bishop Mc-
Xim spoke to the ladies on the missionary
work la Japan. He said in part:
Three years have passed since the last con
vention work and this represents a new era
in Japan. Since then Japan has been admit-
Rev. Dr. Nevln of Rome said he sympathized
with what he . understood to be the object
of the proposed legislation, which was to pro
tect the purity of the family and the sanctity
of marriage. Continuing, he said:
"But I have failed to see from anything
that has been said that- that end will be
reached by this proposed canon. I am very
much afraid that it will work in the opposite
direction. This patchwork has come down
to us, apparently . • the result of a scare
on account of notorious facts in conspicuous
society. This proposed canon seems to be
very bad medicine for the body social.
"I base this conclusion upon the result of
my observations for thirty-five years in Italy.
where divorce is forbidden. The family life
in Italy by this prohibition of divorce has
been nothing bettered;,* but has grown steadily
worse. Adultery is a greater sin than di
vorce; a greater evil in the social body than
divorce, as the hidden cancer is a greater evil
than the open cancer. Adultery is practically
legitimated in Italy. The woman freed from
the fear of divorce -for adultery comes to look
upon it not as a sin \u25a0 to be punished by the
law, but as a venial offense; and it is
looked upon by the ordinary confessor as such
and practically treated as such.
"The frailty of human flesh! Whatever the
evils of divorce may be here, I do not have
the least hesitation in saying that the' family
life In the United States of America is In
finitely higher and infinitely purer than it is
in those countries in Europe where divorce
lor adultery has been forbidden. I deprecate
this proposal, or the proposal of any legisla
tion that can have the effect of lowerimr our
standard on this side, and I ask the members
cf this house to make very sure before vot-,
ing en this canon of shreds and patches that
has corr.e down to us from the other house as
to -whether it will do the least thing in re
straining or In regulating divorce: and second
ly whether it may not be found instead to
work simply as a canon for the promotion of
adultery."
REV. DR. NEVIN OF ROME.
tion of the Christian church. Read the prayer
for the church militant; nay, read all the
prayers that bear upon the subject and bear
me witness that it is the testimony of the
Church of England that the stafe is sacred,
even as the church."
WITHDRAWS HIS AMENDMENT.
Delegate Battles of .North Carolina withdrew
his amendment, saying that one objection to
the canon as it existed heretofore was in the
proof that the minister should .require when
he is asked to remarry a person who has been
married before. When it had been put upon
record according to the laws of the United
States, the. record of each State was conclusive
evidence in every other State. The only ques
tion In I such case would be were the parties
before the court by' proper proceeding to get
them in court. Hence he thought that diffi
culty had been done away with by the amend
ment, although perhaps net as clearly as.' it
would have been by the adoption of his sub
stitute. . ; ' -
Rev. Dr. Davenport followed and discussed
the proposed canon under "consideration.
The East holds a certain 'feeling of conde
scension for the West, on the supposition, ' I
understand,- that all Intellectual life "proceeds
from the East. In one sense I believe still that
the wise men coma from the East. ! You have
"We have with us to-day the man of all men
I want to address you. I am going to intro
duce to you a man that stands as a leader In
the church he represents. -He stands for every
thing that is noble in American life. He is a
friend of the student and a believer in aca
demic standards. He is here to-day and I
am glad of it.
Bishop Potter then addressed. the gath
ering. In part Ijp said:
i When President "Wheeler and Bishop
Potter the platform they were
lustily cheered by the college rooters.
Bishop Potter gave a start and a smile of
amused interest crept over his faes when
the prolonged cry .which ends the Cali
fornia "Oskie -wow" yell was given with
sudden vehemence. President Wheeler
presided at the meeting and, introducing
the speaker, said:
Harmon gymnasium. His ad
dress was principally confined to an ex
pression of his views' on suffrage as ex
ercised by the various classes of people,
the danger to the republic through a cor
ruptible ballot and California's obliga
tions to the Far East. Every seat in the
gymnasium was occupied and standing
space wascrowded. The students, almost
to a man, were present with hundreds of
people from this and other cities.
ROOTERS CHEER, THE BISHOP.
_£j_,v ERKELET, Oct. 11.— Bishop
|" Henry CV Potter, the distin
| mjjf guished Episcopalian prelate
m °f New York, spoke to the
& JJP students of the University of
UnTin irf~ California •' this " morning in
ted to the comity of nations and administers
its own laws to Europeans and Americans.
Under the new treaties Americans and Eu
ropeans are npw under Japanese jurisdiction.
Before Europeans and Americans would sub
scribe to this treaty new codes of laws had
to be adopted by Japan. It is now in Japan as
difficult to obtain a divorce as in many of
our "Western States. This Is an Important fact
in missionary work.
Social conditions in Japan are such that a
minister does not enjoy that free access to the
people we have at home.
Then the Bishop discussed the self-sac
rificing work of the missionary "women in
Japan. He told how at first their, hard
ships were very severe, but conditions
improved and they are now fairly com
fortable.
Tea was served from 4 o'clock until 6,
at which hour the conference on the work
of colored people adjourned. j
"It seems to me that those who have argued
in favor of this canon has proceeded upon the
assumption that is not quite fair. They have
assumed that they are the only ones who
care for the Integrity of the family, the pur
ity cf the home and social righteousness. There
are those in this house who resent the idea.
There is not a clergyman or layman in the
house who does not agree In these things and
who would not lend his interest and power to
further such ends."
Deputy Lewis made a motion that the com
mittee of the whole rise and ask leave tft sit
again. The reason hs made the motion was
that certain persons desired to speak and as
he was entitled to close the debate it was too
close to adjournment to continue. His motion
was adopted. •
President Lindsay called the House of Depu
ties to order and Chairman Packard of the
committee of the whole formally reported
that the committee had : the subject of mar
riage and divorce under consideration and
asked leave to sit again. Permission was
granted.
Upon motion of Deputy Lewis the committee
of the whole will sit again on Monday at
10:30.
An adjournment was then taken.
Rev. Dr. Fulton of Pennsylvania followed
and said:
"I believe the marriage of the innocent party
to a divorce for infidelity is as lawful in the
sight of God and honorable in the sight of
man as any other marriage. Holding that
opinion, and holding it very strongly. I
should prefer myself that the canon had been
in a different form. I should have preferred
that it was a declaratory canon. There Is no
uniform doctrine or discipline la the Catholic
church. I hold that the solemnization of mar
riage is not essential. It is a privilege that
you claim, but it is not a. right. I hold that
the church may withhold it if it thinks there
by it will accomplish a great deal of gd#d
The church is justified in admonishing her
ministers not to celebrate marriages in the
case of divorced persons. One of my own
special desires is to relieve the clergy of being
judges in cases of this kind. How can a
clergyman know It a church in Utah is a
court of competent jurisdiction?"
Rev. Dr. Huntington interrupted at this mo
ment to say that if a clergyman was Incom
petent to answer such a question he was In-,
competent to be ordained.
Dr. Fulton continued and said that when
thl3 burden was laid upon the clergy it was
something that they could not bear. He sin
cerely hoped that the canon under discussion
would not be adopted.
Rev. Dr. Alsop next took the platform and
said in part:
EDUCATE MEN" TO VOTE.
I should like to leave with you to-day one
or two suggestions of a practical character
which I hope will be incorporated In this uni
versity. The foundation of a republic is the
purity and Intelligence of the ballot. The great
danger that threatens our country Is the cor
ruptibility of the ballot and the fact that th«
voter is purchasable. I believe that the first
thing to do to change this state of affairs is
to establish in \u25a0 every center of learning a
course of direct training for the exercise of
the right of suffrage. It should be so that
when a young man has reached the age of 21
he might wear some external badge that should
proclaim to the world that that man had been
tested as to the rights of citizenship and had
proven himself capable of holding such a
trust.
No man will undertake to forecast the futur*
of this great State and this great center of
learning. The people are nocking to your
shores from the Far East, of which the Golden
Gate is the threshold. May God give you wis
dom.- courage and spirit, of brotherhood in which
to deal with them.
"When I was here two years ago my friend
and present host,* Mr. Crocker, said, in an
after dinner speech, that San Francisco was the
front door of the American continent and New
York the back door. Men comfort themselves
with that thought who don't live in the East.
And it is true, it is certaintly true. Students
are knocking at your door from the Philippines,
China, Japan and all the Far East. But from
our Western land is to stream the great civil
ization and commerce which is to join the old
and the new. A university's great calling la
to bind together the civilization of the past
with the present. It will be in the high sense
of our stewardship in these regards that we
shall distinguish ourselves as scholars and
translate to other nations the meaning of this
great republic.
one of them here on the platform. (Introducing
President "Wheeler.)
' In transplanting him to this soil you have
given him a larger acreage and a far greater
opportunity.
DUTY TO OTHER LANDS.
Missionary Workin Japan Interestingly
Explained by Bishop MeKim
of Tokio.
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY
HOLDS A CONFERENCE
Bishop Potter Declares for Better Use
of Ballot by Citizens of the
'- Republic \u25a0 .
SPEAKS ON CIVIC DUTY
AND NEED FOR TRAINING
" No person divorced for causes arising after : marriage •i/and marrying again during the
lifetime of the other party to the divorce, nor any. person marrying a person so divorced,' shall he
admitted to baptism or confirmation or permitted [..to receive -the ;holy communion until tlic~ wriiicn
approval of the Bishop shall be given. " f .,,' . - ' - *- i' A
"Provided, that this prohibition shall not apply to the Case of the innocent party to a divorce
for the cause of adultery; and provided, also ', 'that the sacrament shall in no case be refused to a
penitent person in imminent danger of death." ..." . v ;/ •
The canon 'o'n'discipline is as follows:
1 ,f ORNING and afternoon sessions, were taken up. yesterday by.., the House of Bishops in
1 VI discussing the important subject of disciplining the members of the Episcopal faith who;
having, been divorced, again marry. •
The House of. Bisltops passed a canon this week in wJpch the solemnization of marriage
was defined and positively- -forbidding the remarriage of divorced persons. This canon on mar
riage and divorce is now under debate by the House of Deputies, sitting as a committee of the
whole. ; .: ' 7 \u25a0 j-r.,; " .\u25a0•_•:.'.£"*'
The House of Bishops adopted a canon yesterday on discipline for divorced persons who re
marry, which the House of Deputies will be called upon to concur in. ,
CANON OF BISHOPS TO DISCIPLINE
DIVORCED PERSONS WHO REMARRY
BISHOP POTTER TALKS ON CITIZENSHIP TO BERKELEY RESIDENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
Continued from Page One.
Cameras! Cameras! Cameras!
Wh«±n !ool3ng for a camera try us. We
have xhft latest Premo, Poco and Eastman
cameras. Our supplies are always fresh
and we are continually adding novelties,
fianbem. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
Dennis Donohoe of the firm of Cormac
I Donohoe & Baum, attorneys, 119 Bush
'\u25a0\u25a0 street, was booked at the City Prison yes-
I tfcrday on a charge of battery. He was
I at once released on ball. The complaining
{ v^tness is II. J. Irwin. a rent collector,
Jjwjr.io allies that when he called at the
j£^irrn's offlce to collect the rent Donohoe
- shoved him and struck him on the back
I * of th*> head with hfs fist.
Struck the Bent Collector.
Head Consul Belayed.
The visit of Head Consul W. A. North
cutt of the Modern 'Woodmen of the
"World, which was to have been made to
Goodfellowship Lodge last night, was
postponed until next Monday on account
of the failure of that officer and other
head officers to reach this city.
MATJD MILLER ESSAYS
PLAY BY HER FATHER
''Heart of Sierras," Written by Joa
quin Miller, to Have Its First
Presentation.
Maud Miller, daughter of Joaquln Mil
ler, the "Poet of the Sierras," will ap
pear as a star for the first time in San
Francisco at Sherman & Clay's Hall this
evening. Miss Miller will be assisted by
six players, including E. J. Holden in the
character of "49." Bernhard "Walther, the
Belgian violinist, will render a number of
solos between acts. The performance is
under the auspices and for the benefit of
the United Moderns. Miss Miller leaves
on Monday for a long tour through the
south.
The play, "The Heart of the Sierras,"
is a new adaptation of "49." One char
acter has been bodily cut from the manu
script. This character was not originally
created by the poet author, but was in
serted by an actor to whom Mr. Miller
leased the play. The story is told in the
entirety of its poetry and humor and Is
called "The Heart of the Sierras." The
play is the personal property of Maud
Miller, and is a gift to her from her
father.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NIP IT IN THE BUD.
• , \u25a0 •
First Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
•runnner of Future Baldness."
That such is tti"e case has been conclu-
sively proven by scientific research. Pro-
fessor Unna, the noted European skin
specialist, declares that dandruff is the
burrowed-up cuticles of the scalp, caused
by parasites destroying the vitality In the
hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless and
in time falls out. This can be prevented.
Newbro's Herplcide kills this dandruff
germ and restores the hair to Its natural
softness and abundancy.
Herpicide is now used by thousands of
people — all satisfied that it is the most
wonderful hair preparation on the mar-
ket to-day.
GRANDS MAGASINS DU LOUVRE
The Largest and Finest of the World.
FV\reis
WINTER SEASON".
The Grands Magasins du Louvre in Paris
have the honor to Inform their American clients
that the complete catalogue comprising styles. «
tissues, novelties, furniture, etc.. has just ap-
peared.
Same will be sent by mall FREE OF
CHARGE to all clients of the
GRANDS MAGASINS DU LOUVRE.
Such persons who are not regular^clients, and
•who desire to receive our catalogue will kindly
write for same to
MONSIEUR LB DIRECTEUR
des Grands Magasins do Louvre,
Paris, France.
All purchases amounting to 13 frs and above
are shipped free to the w.xt "eaport, with the
exception of furnitures and other articles oc-
cupy Ins a iarge space.
In order to sell (foods of flr3t quality AT
THE LOWEST PRICES the Grands lC,f-
asins du Louvre can only sell for cash. The
i MavasInR riu Luuvtu ba>wa u branch h0U3«."We |were likely ' to be on the safe side in
such matters," said the witness, "and to have
chucked'in the memorandum, but the Marble
head had not been relied upon to carry the
dispatch." . ' —•
; Mr. Raynor questioned the witness at some
length on this point, saying: '\u25a0
"I want to call your' attention to this: Dis
patch No. .8 was received en May 23 by the
Hawk, el Now it is in evidence here that the
Hawk carried No. 8 to Commodore Schley, and
this letter commences 'In reply to your letter
No. 8, I would state," and so on. Then it says:
'Regarding inclosed information from McCalla.'
Now, doesn't that refresh your memory upon
the point that when he received No. 8 from
the Hawk he received with it the inclosed in
formation from Captain McCalla, which is the
memorandum?"
"He probably did. He might have received it
half a dozen times. That was not the first" time
it was sent."
"Does no.t that settle it that he got it from
the Hawk?"
"I do not know that it necessarily, does."
Lieutenant Marsh was then excused.
The last witness of the day . was Captain
French E. Chadwick, at present in command
of the Newport naval station.' . He went on the
stand at 3:30 and had not concluded his tes
timony when the court adjourned. He was.
questioned by Mr. Hanna concerning the code
signals arranged by Captain' McCalla of the
Marblehead with the -insurgent Cubans near
Cienfuegos. He replied: ; \u25a0"'
"Captain McCalla arrived off the reefed
Key West -at noon on the 19th of May. He
came on board- and" was there some time .with
Admiral Sampson and myself. After coming
on deck he spoke. to me and eaid he had made
an arrangement with the ' Cubans oft Cien
fuegos by which they could communicate with
the ships. He said he did not. care to havs
anything said about.lt, as he was going back
the next day and his would probably be the
first ship there. He was accidentally delayed
at Key West by his\ inability to get coal and
water until the next day, so that instead of
leaving on the 20th he left on the 21st." : *
"Was this system of signals reduced to writ
ing?" , ; • . •\u25a0'-. . ' \u25a0' , - .
i"Ko." - ".' - .
; "What was said, . if anything, about reduc
ing them to writing?" - — ' .
"He was anxious about them. He did not
want the code to get out publicly. He seemed
to have an idea that the .Spaniards might set
hold of it and get the Cubans . into trouble
thereby." ' / \u25a0'• '• y :
"To whom, if you recollect,; did you com
municate this system of signals or information
respecting it?" ' : '' ' • \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' »
"My memory is. entirely at fault . regarding
that. I cannot' say positively that I communi r
cated it to anybody." - . . •\u25a0
"Did you communicate it to Commodore
Schley? If- nqt, why not?"
i '.'The signals were not communicated to Com
modore Schley because Captain McCalla said
he Was going back the next day at once. and
would give them to all the ships off Cienfuegos
himself." • . \u25a0-..-. \u25a0 ,
"Was Commodore Schley then in Key West?"
"He had left on .the. morning of the 19th for
Cienfuegos." - 1
. "Some hours before McCalla . arrived with
this system of signals?" "\u25a0 ' '-.
"About three hous§ before."
"Do you remember communicating this sys
tem yourself to Captain Evans?"
"I have no recollection of It." '
"Do you remember whether Commodore
Schley was advised at that time that Captain
McCa'lla was operating off Cienfuegos or
not ?' '
Schley on the New York.
"He had been informed that Captain Mc-
Calla' s ships would form a part of his squad
ron. I do not remember any part of the con
versation. Commodore Schley was on board
the New York on the afternoon Of the 18th un-.
til 4 o'clock and as he was going to Cienfue-
Kos the next day we supposed he would be
given the information."
"You have referred to a visit by Commodore
Schley at Key 'West. Can you state anything
that occurred there in Commodore Schley's
presence bearing upon, the subject of this in
quiry?" _
"My only distinct recollection in regard to
a conversation was Commodore Schley's state
ment to the admiral that he desired to be per
fectly loyal. Ho said that he was pleased to
be under, his command and that he could be
assured that he should be entirely loyal in
all his conduct." f \u25a0
"At what time did you fall In with the fly
ing squadron?"
"We anchored at Key .-West, a little before
4 o'clock on the afternoon* of the 18th of May
and found Commodore Schley's squadron
there." . ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .
\u25a0 , \u25a0.. a
Mr. Hanna— Would it have been possible that
the "Dear Schley" letter could have been sent
on an earlier date than this letter of May 19,
transmitting the McCalla memorandum?
"I should say not; the McCalla memorandum
being press-copied in the book on a prior page."
\n cross-examining the witness, Mr. Raynor
said that counsel for Admiral Schley would
admit the receipt of one copy of the McCalla
memoranda but that there was dispute as to
the Other copies. He tried to get the witness
to say that the Iowa had carried a duplicate
That "Dear Schley" Letter.
ish shore batteries had not given the American
ships much trouble on that occasion:
"None from the Colon came near," he said,
"but two or three shots from the batteries fell
about the Massachusetts at the time, one pass
ing over it." .• \u25a0 .
"What conclusion did you arrive at as to the
caliber of the shore guns?"
"I did not think they were of very large cali
ber, not over six-inch." • - -
Marbleh.ead Officer Testifies.
Lieutenant Francis Boughter, who was a
watch and division officer on board the Mar
blehead during Commodore Schley's blockade
of Santiago, was then called. He said that
during that time the Marblehead and the Vixen
were on picket duty between the snore line and
the line of blockade, the Marblehead being
stationed three miles from the shore and to
the westward, six miles from the Morro. Ho
would not attempt to say how far outside the
squadron was, but he could not see the ships
after nightfall. •
The court asked:
"Was the Marblehead in such position at
night while on picket duty off Santiago that
the enemy's vessels would have been seen had
they attempted to leave the harbor?"
The witness replied: "That would depend on
a great many circumstances — the state of the
weather, the course they took and their suc
cess in keeping their ships dark and quiet."
Admiral Dewey— The Marblehead was on
picket duty. Could she have seen the enemy
coming?"
"If the enemy kept too close to the shore
and we were three miles off during most of the
time we could not have seen them; if the ene
my had stood south from the entrance, which
would have placed them about four miles off,
we could not have seen them, provided they
kept reasonably dark and quiet.".
Mr. Raynor— What was the purpose of the
picket boats being theresif they could not see
the enemy? . \u25a0 . • \u25a0 '
"They were supposed to be- there, I pre
sume, for that purpose."
"Then, if they were there, for that purpose,
what was it that would have prevented them
from accomplishing this object?"
"The fact that they could not see a vessel
if it ran a distance of from two to three
miles off at night."
At the afternoon session of the court Lieu
tenant Boughter said he had received no gen
eral orders as to the distance out from San
tiago harbor for the Marblehead, the captain
of the vessel fixing the distance from time to
time. \u25a0 ,
Lieutenant Ernest Bennett, ' flag lieutenant
on the New York in 1898, was called. He said
that when the North Atlantic squadron .ar
rived off Santiago they found the flying squad
ron there. Captain Lemly then said that he
had called Lieutenant Bennett . not only for
his direct examination, but for full cross-ex
amination in accordance with the precept. Mr.
Raynor stated, however, that he had no ques
tions to ask, and the witness was excused,
being succeeded by . Lieutenant Charles C
Marsh, who was flag secretary to Admiral'
Sampson during the Spanish war.
Lieutenant Marsh testified concerning the for
warding of dispatches by the Dupont and the
Iowa from Key West on May 20. These mes
sages were from Admiral Sampson to Commo
dore Schley, and one of them was the mem
orandum by . Captain McCalla concerning the
insurgents at Cienfuegos. Questioned as to
the correctness of his memory, the witness
said that his mind was refreshed by the rec
ords of the commander-in-chief as to his cor
respondence. Every letter was, he said, press-
copied as soon as written, and he therefore
considered the order in which the letters were
copied as a certain record of what had tran
spired in the way of letter-writing. Other rec
ords were produced which, he said, were cor
roborative of this. From these records he
found that the "Dear Schley" letter had been
sent on the Dupont May 20. He also found
from the record that a dispatch of May 21
saying the Spanish squadron was "probably
at Santiago" had been forwarded by the Mar
blehead. This is the dispatch dated at Key
West in which Admiral Sampson said to Com
modore Schley: "If you are satisfied that they
<the enemy) are not at Cienfuegos, proceed to
Santiago." etc. He also identified a dispatch
of May 21. dated at Havana, and urging the
commodore to get away from Cienfuegos be
fore daylight of May 23, as the "Spanish would
probably be still at Santiago." The latter-dis
patch, he said, had been written after the dis
patch from Key West of the same date.
WASHINGTON, Oct ll.-Cap
tain F. E. Chadwick. who was
in command of Admiral Samp
son's flagship, the New York,
and who alro was chief of the
admiral's staff during the war with Spain,
testified before the Schley naval court for
a short time this afternoon. He was the
last witness called and when court ad
journed was still under cross-examination
by Mr. Raynor, who stated that he had
only a few more questions to ask him.
There was considerable interest in Cap
tain Chadwicli's appearance because of
his close relationship to the commander
in chief of the North Atlantic squadron.
Captain Chadwick's testimony related
very largely to dispatches sent by Ad
miral Sampson to Commodore Schley
while the latter lay off Cienfuegos, in
May, 189S. and to the code of signals
agreed upon between Captain McCalla of
the Marblehead and the Cuban forces
operating near Cienfuegos.
Chadwick said the code had not been
sent to Commodore Schley by dispatch be
cause Captain McCalla had expected to
join the commodore immediately and
communicate the "code to him. He also
told of being present at an interview be
tween Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Schley, in which the latter had expressed
his intention to be loyal to the command
er in chief. H-3 related in detail the
change of opinion concerning the where
abouts of Cervera'e fleet by Admiral
Sampson on May 21, between the sending
of the two dispatches of that date by
Admiral Sampson to Commodore Schley,
one of which was dated at Key West and
the other at Havana. Captain Chadwick
gaid he had not approved Admiral Samp
son's dispatch of May 28 congratulating
Commodore Schley on his accomplish
ments to that o'ate.
Five other new -witnesses were heard
during the day, two of them being officers
of the New York. One of these was Lieu
tenant C. C. Marsh, the flag secretary of
Admiral Sampson, who testified concern
ing dispatches to Commodore Schley, and
the other was the ship's flag lieutenant.
Lieutenant E. L. Bennett. Lieutenant
Tl^odore G. Dewey, a nephew of Admiral
Dewey, who served on the Massachu
setts;" Lieutenant Althouse. also of the
Massachusetts, and Lieutenant Francis
Bough ter, who served on the Marblenead,
were the other new witnesses of the day.
was Admiral H. C. Taylor. While he was on
the stand he was asked by Captain Lemly
whether he had received information that the
Spaniards were coming out of the harbor at
Santiago before they made their appearance on
the -morning of July 3. His answer was:
"None whatever." \u25a0\u25a0 •
Mr. Raynor— You did not get a message from
the Vixen in reference to smoke coming out of
the harbor?
"None."
Captain Parker— Your attention was not
called to smoke? >
"Not at all, sir."
"Do you remember anybody on your vessel
who did observe smoke and report it to you?"
"I dod not remember."
Captain Lemly read a report from Capt. Mer
rill Miller, formerly of the Raleigh, concerning
the accuracy of the stadimeter. This report was
dated in 1895 and stated that the stadimeter
had been found to give accurate results in
measurements of less than 800 yards, but not
so ' when the distance was greater. In one
case -the writer noticed an error of 200 yards
in a 1600 yards measurement.
Movements of Massachusetts.
Lieutenant Adelbert Althouse. formerly watch
and division officer on the battleship Massachu
setts, was then called. He detailed the move
ments of that vessel in connection with the
flying squadron. He said that at Cienfuegos
the vessels lay to ten miles out at night,
going nearer in the daytime. Lieutenant Alt
house said that on the day of the bombardment
of the Cristobal Colon he had been in charge
of the 8-inch turret of the Massachusetts. He
said that the ship had not taken tc exceed
three minutes in passing the entrance to the
harbor on the first passage, and that only two
shots were then fired. The iflBtructions were to
make the range 7000 yards, but the shots fell
short and the range was increased on the re
turn trip to 8500 and then to 10.000 yards.
Asked what was developed as to the strength
of the land batteries by this reconnoissance, he
said that to his mind it was shown they were
very weak. In reply to a question as to whether
he had made any notes concerning the engage
ment he replied: "No, we went in under in
structions to sink the Colon." His orders had
been to direct his fire at that vessel.
When Lieutenant Althouse was excused Cap
tain Lemly introduced as evidence the reports
made by Commodore Schley to the Secretary of
the Navy of the engagement of May 31. In one
of these dated June 3 Commodore Schcley said:
"Reconnoissance was intended principally to
injure and destroy Colon. The fire was returned
without delay, by the heavy batteries to the
east and to -the west of the entrance, large
caliber, long range; reconnoissance developing
satisfactorily \ the presence of the Spanish
equadron lying behind island near inner fort,
as they fired over hill at random. Quite satis
fied Spanish fleet is there."
Lieutenant P. G. Dewey. nephew of Admiral
Dewey, who was a watch officer on the Mas
sachusetts was the next witness. He placed
the distance of the blockading line Under
Commodore Schley from the mouth of the har
bor at from five to eight miles, the distance
being about the same day and night. There
was he said, no particular formation of the
vessels. The examination on this point was
as follows: . • .
Captain Lemly- When you were at the west
ern end of the blockade with the leading ves
sel making the turn, what orders were there
for attacking if you saw the enemy coming
out of the entrance?
"I do not believe we could have seen the
enemy coming out. There were no orders I
hav«^ any knowledge of."
"Why do you think you would not have seen
the en'eray coming out if such had been the
case?" -\u25a0 -^
"Owing to darkness* and the distance from
the harbor. For instance, when we were at the
western end of the line<the ships could have
come cut and stood to the eastward without our
being any the wiser unless they showed lights."
"How about the reverse of that proposition?"
"I think it would have been the same in
either case." r ". ' •
Captain Lemly then asked: .
"Did you have any conversation with 'the
commanding officer of the flying squadron or
any one in his presence in relation to the fire
on the Colon or otherwise?"
Lieutenant Dewey replied:
"I was told shortly before we started into
the entrance that the commodore wished to st>e
the turret officers in the pilot house. I went
to the pilot house and the commodore said that
he intended to go In a few moments and take
a \u25a0try' at the colon and that he hoped we
would sink her. I asked what speed we would
make, and was told 'about ten knots." I re
marked that I thought that that was giving
us very little chance at the Colon, as she
would be in sight between the head lines only
a couple of minutes and that the smoke from
the guns would probably make our fire very
slow. To the best of my recollection the com
modore stated we would have to do the best
w«i could, that the speed would be ten knots."
He eald in reply to questions that the Span-
OFFICEBS GIVE TESTIMONY.
Questions About Schley's Operartions
Off Cienfuegos Answered in Court.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11.— After the witnesses
cf yesterday had been recalled to-day in the
Schley court for the purpose of correcting their
testimony Lieutenant J. H. Kolden was re
introduced to continue his examination. Other
witnesses called for the day were Captain
Chadwick. who was Admiral Sampson's chief
cf staff during the war with Spain; Commander
M. C. Mareh and Lieutenant E. L. Bennett,
both of whom eerved on the flagship New
York; Lieutenant Adelbert Althouse of the
Massachusetts, Lieutenant Francis Boughter of
the Marblehead and Lieutenant W. H. Rey
nolds, who was signal officer on board the
Texas. ....
Captain Lemly had supposed that he would
be able to conclude the presentation of the Gov
ernment'6 side of the case by the close of this
\u25a0n-eek, but he now finds that he will still have
several witnesses on his list when the court ad
journs to-morrow. In all probability he will
consume the greater part of the first half of
rest week. Mr. Raynor estimates that the
court will not be able to conclude its work be
fore the middle of November.
When the court was called to order Captain
Lemly made a brief explanation of one of his
statements of yesterday concerning the state
ment received Jrom Commander Marix. He had
said that the statement was "unsworn."
"I would like it to appear." he said, "that
although these are sworn to they are not, be
ing in the shape of depositions and ex-parte
Etatements, such sworn evidence as is usually
admitted before the court, but came in with
their full value merely because there was ' no
objection on either side."
Among the witnesses called early in the day
for the purpose of correcting early testimony
. "Yes."
"You have stated that he became certain
on this subject?"
"He became assured, or at least my Im
pression is that he felt assured after the re
ceipt of the second word- from Captain Allen
in regard to the matter; that was on the even
ing of the 20th." .
"Was that- an assurance, may I ask you. of
whether the 1 Spanish fleet was at Santiago
or whether it had gone into Santiago?"
"At 'Santiago." '" '• ••' *" T
\u25a0 T - "Does it sta'te anything about 'having gone
in and come out?"
"No, that they were there."
At this • point in Captain Chadwick's testi
mony the court adjourned for the day.
"This dispatch and the telegram to the de
partment paraphrasing it were prepared on
the night of the 19th and were sent .that night,
I think. 1 - At noon of the 20th Lieutenant Staun
ton saw Capain Allen in Key West and Staun
ton was again sent to Key West and came
back with the assurance . from "Captain •Allen
that the Spanish fleet was there. Then the
doubt in Admiral Sampson's mind was re
moved, and he then wrote a dispatch to be sent
by the Marblehead, which we were expecting
to get off hourly. She. however, was delayed
and the flagship got under way at 4 o'clock in
the morning of the 21st and went over to Ha
vana. . From there, as there was more possi
bility of delay in the Marblehead's departure
than was expected, he sent the Eagle and the
Hawk with a copy, of this dispatch and a sup
plementary dispatch to Commodore ! Schley,
also with verbal instructions to the command
ing officer of the Hawk to move at once to
ward Santiago."
"Is this the dispatch you refer to. No. 8?
On the 21st the \u25a0 following Instructions were
written at Key West for Commodore Schley
and sent at 3 a. m. to the Marblehead to be
delivered with all dispatch: 'Spanish squad
ron probably. at Santiago, four ships and three
torpedo-boat destroyers. If you are satisfied
they are not at Cienfuegos proceed with al!
dispatch, but cautiously, to Santiago de
Cuba, etc.' Is that the dispatch that was sent
to Commodore Schley after the doubt was re
moved in the mind of Admiral Sampson of
where the Spanish fleet was?"
"No, sir. 'What caused the belief was th«
information received from Captain Allen of
the signal corps, who was in . charge of the
telegraph office' in Key West. He informed
Lieutenant Staunton, who was in Key West,
at noon on the 20th that this information, had
come overnight from Havana-"
"Could I interrupt you just a minute? "Waa
number 7. the dispatch referred to (the 'Dear
Schley' dispatch), being 'sent in answer to this
inclosure?" \u25a0\u25a0 • - - .
"Yes. that was sent after receiving this dis
patch." . ' ' * ' " '
"The admiral then telegraphed the depart
ment practlcaly a paraphrase of this letter
number 7?" • -
Questions Over Telegrams.
rival of the Spanish squadron at Santiago. Will
you kindly give t U8 the information and from
W "The first intimation we had was by a tele
gram from the Navy Department mentioning
that "The information may well be correct-
Next day Lieutenant Commander Staunton waa
in Key West and saw Captain Allen, who saui
that the evening before he had received com
munication from Havana that the Spanish
squadron had' gone into Santiago, and he was
only waiting until the evening of the 20th to
have it corroborated, as the operator who sent
the information put himself in communication
with our office in Key West only once a day,
about 6 o'clock in the evening. Staunton came
with that information and then went up in the
evening to wait a second telegram, which cor
roborated the first, and which .caused Admiral
Sampson to believe "that the Spanish fleet was
in Santiago and also caused, him to write the
second dispatch directing the movement toward
Santiago." '
Mr. Raynor— Is this the telegram you refer
to: "The report .of the Spanish fleet being at
Santiago de.Cuba might very well be correct.
So that the department strongly advised that
you send word . immediately by the Iowa to
Schley to proceed off Santiago de Cuba with
his whole command, etc?"
"That is the telegram I refer to."
"Did I understand you to • say that that
caused : the belief that the Spanish fleet was
in' Santiago?" . , .
"You say that after the arrival of Captain
McCalla information was received of the ar-
A. — I don't remember speaking of if to Cap
tain Evans, nor that I told him to communi
cate it to Schley., When McCalla came in it
was expected that his ship would reach Cien
fuegos about the same time as the Iowa and
the Dupont, and McCalla said he would carry
the signal agreement back with him". ! That,
signal was really for the benefit of the Cubans
and the McCalla memorandum was for Com
modore Schley. The memorandum was full and
explicit in that regard. If I may explain it a
little farther, by the afternoon of the next or
the afternoon of the day after McCalla came
in. Information was received of the arrival of
the Spanish squadron in Santiago. So that any
question of the insurgent Cubans about Cien
fuegos dropped out of sight.
Q.— Captain Evans has testified here that he
knew it. Could you give me the source from
which he derived his information?
The witness admitted that this was so;
. Mr. . Hanna — We have not asked oninions of
officers commanding ships regarding that. We
have carefully abstained from so doing.
Mr. Raynor— Then 1'will ask you in reference
to the leaving of these vessels. You have
stated, and it has been in testimony here, that
this signal code with the Cuban insurgents was
not made known to Commodore Schley. Have
you not fallen into a slight error in point of
time? Did not the flying squadron leave Key
West before McCalla got to. Key West, and have
you not inadvertently fallen into error in point
of time? You could not have given Commo
dore Schley the information because you did
rot have it until Captain McCalla got there. Is
that not the reason? •.
. Mr. Raynor — Did you at any< time approve of
the blockade which Commodore Schley main
tained before June 1? What was your opinion?
Judge advocate— I object.
Admiral Dewey— The court does not want that
opinion.
, Judge advocate— No > objection was made to
conversations after June 1 relating to the block
ade as maintained prior thereto.
Admiral Dewey— Of course it ought not. You
ought to have been watching.
"I. aid ob'ject to it twice, and then when- it
was stated that it was. something in reference
to - something that occurred before I did not
want to disagree with the court."
H"o Opinions "Wanted.
"Did Commodore Schley . go on ' board the
flagship?"
. "He came on board."
"Were you present at an interview?"
"I was present there the whole time he wa£
there.; In the 'cabin the only persons, who
were present permanently, so to speak, were
Admiral Sampson, Commodore Schley and my
self.' \u25a0 There were several different persons
coming" and going." *
: "Did Commodore Schley come aboard Admi
ral Sampson's flagship on June 1 oft Santiago
when the latter reached there?" \u25a0 V
"Yes, sir; he came aboard in the Vixen."
. "Will 'you please tell the court what occur
red during that interview. Was there anything
said with regard to the feasibility of conduct
ing a blockade oft Santiago?"
"Yes. I remember Commodore Schley spoke
in ;my .presence, and I think to myself, as he
was leaving the ship, saying, 'You cannot
blockade those ships in there if they want to
come out.' I remember that."
The Judge Advocate — Did you have any in
formation whatever from any source that Cer
vera's fleet was going to make a sortie from
the harbor of Santiago on July 3?" . .
"None whatever, within my recollection."
. Taking the witness for cross-examination,
Mr. Raynor asked:
"Do you recollect the dispatch which will be
found in the official report of Admiral Samp
son, dated May. 29, which congratulates Com
modore Schley upon his success? I will read
the dispatch. Following telegram was sent
te/ Commodore Schley -*» boCh Port Antonio,
Jamaica, and Mole St., Nicholas:
" 'I congratulate you on success. Maintain
close blockade at all hazards, especially at
night. Very little fear from torpedo boat
destroyers. Coal in open sea whenever condi
tions permit. Send a ship to examine Guanta
namo with a view to occupying it as a base,
coaling heavy ships one at a time. Appraise
captured coal, use it if desired, and after
ward send ship in as prize." "
"I remember that very well, because I pro
tested against his congratulations. I asked
him why he persisted and he said: 'I want
to encourage him.' "
. "You recollect that because you protested
against putting that in the dispatch?"
"I said that under the circumstances I
thought it was improper." ,
"Did you meet Admiral Watson at any time
and have a conversation with him?"
Admiral Dewey— I don't think that has any
thing to do with it. You know what .we want.
We want all the facts relating to these speci
fications and -we don't want anything about
conversations with Admiral Watson, commo
dores or anybody else on other subjects.
Mr. Raynor— This testimony has all gone in.
It ought not to have gone in.
Nephew of Dewey
Takes a Part in the
interesting Session
Objection Made to the
Praise Sent to :; the
Cruiser Brooklyn
Ghadwickof the- New
York a Witness at
the Court of Inquiry
Commander: Knew
Nothing of the Code
With the Cubans
CAPTAIN OF ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S FLAGSHIP TALKS
OF THE DISPATCHES SENT TO COMMODORE SCHLEY
J. -Pierpont Morgan's record. Read the 'arti
cle to to-day' e WaiFi". .. ' \u25a0 " ..-,•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
SAN RAFAEL,.. Oct. 11.'— Dr. Ludlum
Hill, the; San -Francisco dentist," who .was'
arrested yesterday at Larkspur oh com
plaint of his wife, on a charge of insanity,
was .examined by physicians- here to-day
and ; pronounced insane. Judge Angellotti
committed him to the Ukiah asylum.
Dr? Hill Goes to an Asylum.
Binding your own pictures . at home is
inexpensive, interesting and produces the
most charming effects for . wall furnish
ings. We are constantly receiving new
tints and colors of mat boards, with con-,
veniently gummed binding paper in strips
to match. Sanborn.-Vail & Co., 741 Ma r
ketstreet. " • ,:\u25a0-.::- ; •••\u25a0 .- •
A Fascinating Art.
• . SAN : JOSE, Oct. ; 11.— The Garden City
Bowling Club team of this city has broken
the coast record for a five-man team In
practice. Its performance was not offi
cial, * however, and the old record will
stand. -For a five-man team the official
record is 914 pins In one game, now held
by the Echo Club of San Francisco. The
Garden City Club team scored 922 pins.
Ed -Arnold, -F. C. Sherrer, Dr.- Schu
macher (captain). Dr. Bangs and "Bunt"
Smith comprise the team. A number of
challenges will shortly be issued and the
team will make an effort to capture the
record.' \u25a0 : • \u25a0 •- \u25a0 : \u25a0 .- • • • . -
Breaks a' Bowling Record.
E. Corrigan's Seaflower, ridden by Char
ley Thorpe, the American jockey, won the
Middlesex gelling plate, distance one mile
Ard Patrick (Maner) won the Imperial
Produce stakes, distance six furlongs.
Russel Brown (J. Reiff). won the Wands
worth plate, distance one^ mile. Poxhall
Keene's Noonday II (Maher) won the Oc
tober plate, distance one mile and a quar
ter. \u25a0 •;•.',•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , '
LONDON, Oct. 11.— Epsom Lad won the
Kempton Park stakes of £500,- added to a
sweepstakes of £100 each, for three-year
olds and upward, distance one mile and a
half, at Kempton Park to-day. Santoi
r.as second and William C. Whitney's
Voiodjovski (J. Reiff) finished third. Great
t interest was taken in the race, owing to
th/» meeting of Volodyovski and Leopold
de Rothschild's Doricles. The latter's vic
tory in the St. Leger stakes over the win
ner of the Derby (Volodyovski) was held
by many to be due to the poor riding <jf
Lester . Kelff , who allowed himself to be
shut in.
Hcsults at Kempton Park.
SACRAMENTO; Oct. 11.— Because he
believed that life j would be unbearable
among his fellow convicts should he give
testimony for the prosecution in the Klein
murder case, convict Thomas Jones de
clined to tell* his story before a jury this
\u25a0 afternoon and was committed to the
County Jail for contempt of court. . ,
Klein killed a fellow convict named
Henry Miller in Folsom Prison on May
17 by hitting him upon the head with a
piece of iron pipe. Klein was brought to
Sacramento for trial, along with several
witnesses, one of the most important of
whom is Thomas Jones, who has eight
more years to serve on a charge of arson.
When placed on the stand Jones asked to
be excused, saying he had good reasons.
Given permission to confer in the lobby
with Assistant District Attorney Wach
horst. he told that officer that the hint
had been given him that he 'would better
not testify against Klein, "and he said
that should he do so he -would be insulted
and abused by the other convicts during
the remaining eight years of his term.
On being recalled to the stand and com
manded by Judge Hart to answer the
questions put to him he said: .
"Judge, I guess you had better commit
me for contempt."
.This was the only recourse, and the con
vict was consigned to a cell, while the
court on its own motion stood adjourned.
CONVICT PEOFITS BY
CONTEMPT OF COURT
PANAMA, Oct. 11.— The revolutionists
are still at Point Morro, and the Govern
ment troops in Tumaco, on the Pacific
Coast, are blockaded. The gunboat Boy
aca has returned to Buena Ventura. The
British warship Icarus, which went to
Tumaco , to investigate the firing of th»
British steamship Quito, has returned
here. : , , , . .
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 11, . via
Haytlen cable.— Venezuela, on the surface
is -inclining to the attitude expressed in
these dispatches yesterday, of favorin"
a friendly and conclusive arrangement be
tween Venezuela and Colombia of the ex
isting trouble, principally because the
Venezuelans were defeated at Guajira.
They see small chance of vanquishing the
Colombians . on . the Tachira frontier.
President Castro fears the vivifying effect
upon nationalism of another military dis
aster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— "According to official
intelligence from the Ameer of Bokhara,"
says a' dispatch | from St. Petersburg to
the Daily Telegraph, "the brothers of
Habib Ullah Kahn left Cabul secretly
with their partisans the moment their
father died, and therefore cannot be said
to have acquiesced in the accession of
their brother.
"Habib Ullah, indignant 'at their flight,
has taken measures -to defend the capital
and sent -strong detachments to prevent
their return or to endeavor to capture
them as rebels. He has further resolved
to ask assistance of Emperor,. Nicholas
and the Ameer of Bokhara." \u25a0
As bearing upon y the advices to the
Daily Telegraph from St. Petersburg, it
is pointed out that Habib Ullah, in his let
ter to Lord Curzon announcing his acces
sion, asserted that- his younger brother
had- publicly sworn allegiance- to him on
the day the old ' Ameer died. -
SIMLA, Oct. ll.-Habib Ullah Kahn, the
new'Ameer of Afghanistan,' has officially
informed Lord Curzon, Viceroy of India,
that he will "follow in his father's foot-
Steps, hoping that the friendship existing
between the Afghan and British Govern
ments will continue to increase. , '. ''..". . l . \u25a0'
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— If Germany
pursues the policy she has elsewhere ob
served Venezuela will be. required to make
prompt reparation for the assault' made
by her police upon j German sailors" at
Puerto Cabello. No information concern
ing the incident has been received by the
State Department, and v this fact causes
the officials to express the belief that the
affair was not important. American sail
ors have been treated in the same manner,
and { t has been necessary in the past to
make representations upon the subject to
the Caracas Government. Following the
usual course, it is believed here that the
commander of the German cruiser Vineta,
lying at Puerto Cabello, made an investi
gation of and has reported the facts to
his Government. If the investigation
should show that the blame rests upon
the Venezuelan police, then Germany will
undoubtedly demand an apology and per
haps an indemnity for the men injured.
The United States would prefer that the
incident be disposed of as promptly as
possible. - . \u25a0 • •\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Likely to Seek Repara
tion for Assault Upon
Her Sailors.
Colombian Revolution
ists Still at Point
Morro.
New Ruler of Afghan
". istan Not 'Anxious
\u25a0\u25a0 ' ; for. Trouble.
AMEER WANTS
ENGLAND'S LOVE
GERMANY MAY
MAKE DEMANDS
FEDERAL FORCE
IS BLOCKADED
When the police found Lisle's body there
were four bullet wounds in it and the
throat was cut. Dolinsky was arrested,
but declared he had quarreled with Lisle
about money matters and that he had
been compelled to shoot his brother-in
law in -selt-defense. The evidence against
Dolinsky.' while mainly circumstantial,
was T=urficient -to convince the jury "that
murder had been done in order that Do
linsky might marry Mrs. Lisle.
Meanwhile Mrs. Dolinsky, # in Europe,
heard that her husband had been arrested
for murdering her brother-in-law. Mrs.
Dolinsky, with her infant, hurried back
across the Atlantic and did not discover
the real state of affairs .until she arrived
in Chicago. She did not abandon her"hus
band, however, but did ail in her power
to aid him. She visited him in Jail yes
terday and when she learned that the'Su
preme Court had refused to grant a su
persedeas she fell in a fainting fit.'
. Dolinsky made his last confession to
\u25a0Father Rapouz yesterday and spent the
r.ight in a barber chair, alternately dozing
and gazing at his image in a mirror.
Dolinsky became infatuated with Mrs.
Lisle, who was his wife's sister. That
clandestine wooing might not be inter
fered with Dolinsky sent his wife on a
visit to her parents in the old country.
Lisle, however, became suspicious. On
November 27 the two men met in -a pas
ture north of Irving Park.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— George Dollnsky
was hanged here to-day for the murder of
his brother-in-law, Anton Lisle, a year
ago. He spent the night before execution
sitting in a barber's chair and surveying
his features with a mirror.
The President and the Cabinet were
convinced by the verbal report that no
executive action is called for at this, time.
.The President will go over the subject
more in detail with the Attorney General
to-morrow and will review the whole mat
ter in his message to Congress.
The law of lSbfi is the same law under
which the Postal Telegraph Company
claimed it had the power to land a cable
at Havana, but the claim was disregarded
at the time by the Secretary of War.
Five members of the Cabinet, Secre
taries Long. Hitchcock and Wilson, At
torney General Knox and Postmaster
General Smith, were present at to-day's
meeting-, which was devoted largely to the
consideration of appointments under the
various departments. The question of
Southern appointments generally again
came up ana the President reiterated his
policy of appointing Republicans, if suit
able applicants could be found, and if not,
appointing Gold Democrats. His policy in
this respect meets the approval of the
Cabinet.
\u25a0WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Attorney Gen
eral Knox made a verbal report to the
President and Cabinet to-day regarding
the result of his investigations into the
Pacific cable question. His conclusion was
tnat under, the law of 1886 any domestic
company could land any cable on the
shores of the United States or its posses
sions.
Chicago Murderer Has
Last Rest in a Bar
ber's Chair.
Attorney General Re
ports to the Cabinet
Officers.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,, N. W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 11. — President
Roosevelt has decided that the official, designation of the President's residence during
his administration shall be ''White House." During the period of mourning stationery
with a black border will continue to be used, on which are printed the words "Executive Man
sion, Washington." At the end of that time personal and official stationery will bear the words,
"White House, Washington." • X
American citizens have called the President's official residence White -House' for nearly
a century. Some Presidents have chosen to have it designated Executive Mansion on their
personal as well as official correspondence.
USES MIRROR
BEFORE HANGING
"WHITE HOUSE" IS OFFICIAL
NAME OF PRESIDENTS ABODE
CABLE PLANS
ARE PROMISING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1 2, 1901.
I WAS told ' shortly before we started into the entrance that the commodore wished to see the \u25a0 .turret officers in the pilot
house. I went to the pilot-house and the commodore said that he intended to go in a few minutes and have a 'try', at the
Colon, and that he hoped he would sink her. I asked what speed we would make and was told 'about ten knots.' I re
marked that I thought that that was giving us very little chance at the Colon, as she would be in fight between the head lines
only a couple of minutes, and that the smoke from the guns would probably make our fire very slow. To the best of my recollec
tion the cqmmodore stated we would have to do the best-we could— that the speed would be ten knots." — -From the testi
mony of Lieutenant Dewey regarding Schley's failure to destroy the Spanish cruiser Colon. , '.
LIEUT. DEWEY TELLS OF ATTACK ON THE COLON
General Moore has left for Marseilles.
CEBERE, Oct. 11.— The Herald corre
spondent is in a* position to maintain what
has been said about the agitation in the
Cabinet with regard to the probability of
a Carlist rising, notwithstanding the de
nial made through. the Havas Agency.
Carlist agents are overrunning the pro
vince of Lerida. At a meeting of Carliat
chiefs held in the -house in Rue Fusterie
at Perpignon, under the presidency of
General Moore, it was resolved to enter
Spain by way of Lerida and begin an In
surrection. .... ... . -:. ... :.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Decide to Enter Spain
and Commence an
Insurrection.
CARLIST AGENTS
RENEW ACTIVITY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Medical reports In
dicate that Admiral Sampson is recovering from
the fatig-ue of his journey south and that the
more favorable surroundings of his present
home are working for his betterment Beyond
a little added brightness In his bearing how
ever, it is stated that his condition remains
practically unchanged. ..The Intense headaches
from which he suffers .recur less frequently
than heretofore, and- this in Itself is a sreat
relief to him. The admiral continues to take
short . walks accompanied . usually by Mrs
Sampson. \u25a0 . • .
Sampson in Poor Health.
of the "Dear Schley** letter, but he would not
do so. He held, however, to the statement
that- the McCalla ' memorandum had been car
ried in duplicate by; both' the' Dupont and the
Iowa.' He had, however, no written evidence
that either the Hawk or the " Marblehead had
carried ; the memorandum: \u25a0 * .
4
PAINE'S CKgVKT-Y COMPOTJOTX [
SO OFTEN KILLS, \
" '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0": — !:!}
Thousands Worn and Sick in Bodyi_!r
and Mind. \
- \u25a0' .:\u25a0\u25a0 •; \u25a0
* s • _____
New Strength and Life in One
. Real Remedy.
Ablest of All Physicians Freely
Gives Advice.
. . : — .;
It is truer to-day than ever before that
one man Is no better than another unless
he does more than another.
When, recently, in the most learned
medical review in London, the orgah of
the great English college of physicians "
and surgeons, it was proved by exhaus-
tive statistics that, despite the drain upon
nerves and blood incident to the modern,
strenuous life— despite the fact that dig-
eases of the nervous system appear earl-
ier and oftener among working people
than formerly, nevertheless within tha
past five or six years the average life of
Americans was materially longer than it ' $
was a decade agro— the editors of the't^ *!
view pronounced it as their firm oplnloj^M||kj
that this undoubtedly resulted in no small \u25a0*?
degree from the discovery a few years I
ago by an eminent American physician
of a positive cure for diseases of the nerv-
ous system, which had promptly been put J
within the reach of the . public in that
MR. F. G. CROWELJ* S
country, and was beinff used more and |
more generany as a family remedy.
One of the physicians, a member th^ y
and now of the royal staff, in forward^; >
a copy of the article to the proprietors of
Paine's celery compound, inclosed a long
and somewhat technical letter, in which f
he said: '
"We are thoroughly convinced that no
remedy yet known affords so certain re-'
lief from that class of disorders which %
modern conditions of working and living
now breed as your Paine's celery com-
pound."
k. Certainly one remedy is no better £han j^'.
another unless it accomplishes more tliar*: J
another.
And Paine's celery compound is pre-em-
inently the best remedy known to medi-
cine for the cure of ailments that result
from Impaired nerves and consequent im-
pure blood. The rheumatism, neuralgia. j
sleeplessness, indigestion, lack of strength
that a bottle of Paine's celery compound
so rapidly dispels are but temporary con-
ditions if the relief that this remedy af-
fords is properly given.
Mr. F. G. Crowell, a regent of the State
University of Kansas, a typical exampla \u25a0,
of the strenuous life of to-day, a college
graduate with a later master's degree
from Columbia, who resigned from the
Prosecuting Attorneyship of Atchison
County after four years to engage in the.
grain business with the famous Green- '
leaf-Baker Grain Company, is one of tha [
thousands of such young men who o»*a (
debt of gratitude to Paine's celery <*<jl^W
pound, and to use his own direct words-^^
"fcund it all that it Is represented to be."
When everything else has failed, Paine's !
celery compound makes the sick well. It
needs but a single trial to convince! \
YOU." CAIN T
GET AWAY
From the fact that laundry work, to n^f
satisfactory, must be well done. JC •\u25a0
Good laundry work tella its own story.
and we're willing ours should do the tell-
ing, confident that we will win your or-
ders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Straat
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54. San Pablo Ave.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
' on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co (eat'd. 1S52). 17 and 19 Fremont St.: upoS
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IRON.
J C WILSON £ CO. -.^ B-ttw»*stw«.
, wnnijvn \u25a0*»»\u25a0' Telephona Main US*.
FRESH AND *S ALT MEATS.
JAS.BOYES&CJ). liar^^V*
\u25a0••' -' ~ oils" ~
''\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0['.': PRINTING.
E.C. HUGHES, eusL^^a,,-.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS!
THE HICK3-JUDD CO..- (
*.» Fir»t -treet. Saa Francisco*
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
1B''""tok \u25a0-\u25a0 9 \u25a0
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. "It wears as thin
as. a wafer. ; r "
Sold all over the world. . • \u25a0 .
Pill PARKER'S !
\ IIFf Balsam
t Promotes tue growtn of tne nalr'and ', !
. | glTesltthelustreandsiltinessof youtn.; I
<i When tb9' hair Is gray or faded It ' '
J! BR1?.'GS BACK TKS YOUTHFUL COLOR. ! :
j! It prevents Dandruff and haXr faffing ! '
| ; and keeps the scalp clean and healtny. J !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EAHNY AND STS.— RE-
\u25a0"modeled and- renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Booms. 60c to Jl 50 day;
15 to $8 week; $S to J20 month. .Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates' In every
room; elevator runs all nisht.people of -America the dangrer that still
threatens Miss. Stone. The second appeal
Is as follows:
BOSTON, Oct. 11, 1901.
• To the People of America: The promptings
of our hearts compel us to Issue a second ur
gent appeal to the people of America to come
to the rescue of Miss Ellen M.,' Stone, the
American mlBslonary now heid captive by the
brigands In the Balkan Mountains for a ran
som of $110,000. : Nearly one-half that sum Is
yet to be ralsedV* - .
.• Private.; advices, received yesterday : were to
the effect that it waa absolutely necessary to
raise the full amount at once. . The story ot
thirty days' respite is absolutely discredited
In the best-informed circles.
To-day's .Information: from Washington is
that the outlook is far. from being reassuring,
as \u25a0 was hoped yesterday. ....... .
The public should not be deceived by the Idea
that the American Board, as such, will pay
any of the ransom. It has officially declared
that It could not, although its members have
unanimously expressed sympathy with . the
movement. \u25a0 ' ,\u25a0 - . . •
Will not pastors, tender-hearted women, pa
triotic \u25a0 men and representatives of commercial
and financial activity everywhere, will not
every one aid by giving and soliciting until
the entire fund is In hand? .
A life is at stake, the life of a Christian, a
Archbishop Ireland versus Father Yorke.
Read article in to-day's Wasp. •
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
' NEW YORK- Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Lucania.
from Liverpool and Queenstown. \
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct tl— Stmr Gros
ser Kerfurst, from New York, for Bremen, and
proceeded. . - \u25a0 ;.'.; •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
We have the "Marshall," ' which is the
b'est $1.00 fountain-pen' made: the A. A.
Waterman's pens at $1.50, and a full line
of Waterman's Ideal pens -from $2.50. up.
We guarantee all of the pens we sell, and
are not pleased until our customer Is sat
isfied. .Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market. •
Fountain Pens.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and 'holders' of nine months', excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 . Inclusive. . Limit 30 day*.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market at, and ferry depot \u25a0;\u25a0.<
Special Rates
FAIRMONT. W. Va., Oct. 11.— Early
this morning an explosion of gas in the
Fairmont Coal Company's New England
mine, a mile and a half south of this city.
Bet fire to the mine and It was feared
there would be heavy loss of life, but the
men emerged safely. The fire will be soon
under controL
Explosion Causes Mine Fire.
PARIS, Oct. ; 1L— Santos-Dumont, tho
Brazilian aeronaut, made another attempt
to-day to win the Deutsch prize, but ow
ing to an accident to the rudder of his
flying, machine he was obliged to return
to .the starting place, after going fifty
yards. '
Flying Machine Fails, Again.
LONG BEACH, Oct. 11.— The Board of
Trade of this place has been notified by
the board of directors of the Battle Creek
Mich., sanitarium of the selection of Long
Beach as the . location of that institution
The sanitarium is expected to cost $250 000
Sanitarium for Long Beach.
BUFFALO, Oct.' 11 (Special).— "Borden's
Eagle Brand", condensed milk repeats its
Paris Exposition triumph and is again
awarded first prize, gold medal, at- Pan-
American Exposition, Buffalo, over all
competitors.
Borden's First.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The Rev. E. Cara
her of St Francis Church, San Francisco,
reached Chicago to-day on his way home.
He has been traveling abroad' for a year
and among other distinguished persons he
saw was President Kruger, with whom he
had quite a talk. He was one of the six
priests who celebrated. mass at the Holy
Sepulcher Easter morning. He spent a
part of to-day with Bishop Muldoon, who
is also an old Calif ornian. -
Father Caraher Coming: Home.
BEATRICE,' Neb., Oct. 11.— The bank at
Narka," Kans., forty; miles southwest of
here, was robbed last night. Expert safe
blowers used dynamite on the steel safe
and, secured $15,000. principally in cash. A
posse with bloodhounds is . pursuing 'the
robbers. , - •. -• , - . ; .< ; .
Bobbers Steal a Fortune.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 11.— A company
with a capital of $10,000 Is being formed
In this city to make another search for
the treasure believed by many to be
buried on Cocos Island, off the coast of
Costa Rica. The company has secured the
plans of the island and the location of
the treasure. secured by Captain
Hackett of - this city from ) the widow
of a mariner of Nova Scotia, who claimed
to have found the treasure once but had
been forced to leave it behind. The expe
dition will also take an Instrument which
it- is claimed will locate gold by magnetic
attraction, but which is not attracted by
other metals. Justin Gilbert, stenographer
of the -Supreme -Court and formerly of
New York and Spokane, is at the head of
the company: \u25a0 - \u25a0 . .
SEATTLE, Oct. 1L— Statistics carefully
compiled disclose that 9000 persons went
to Nome this season and that 10,200 have
returned or are returning, leaving about
4000 in the district. for. the winter— less
than spent last winter there. There were
eighty vessels, steam and sail, engaged
in the traffic, carrying from this city 55,000
tons of general freight. The estimated
receipts for the transportation of freight
and passengers are $1,874,000, and the value
of the freight shipped from Seattle $5,
500,000. About $4,500,000 gold has been
shipped from Nome this season. , :
Figures on Nome Traffic.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— The San Jose Elks
are to have a handsome : new home on
South Second street, between Santa Clara
and San Fernando streets. Arrangements
have been made * with ; David Jacks to
erect a building on his lot to cost $25,000.
This will be leased to the Elks. The first
floor will '. contain • storerooms , which ( will
be sub-leased, and the entire second floor
will be • given over to . the Elks. Seven
thousand dollar? will be expended in fit
ting up the second story, and the lodge
will spend-- several thousands more fur
nishing the clubrooms.
New Home for San. Jose Elks.
New Expedition "Will Be
Sent to Cocos
- BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 11— A
suit forbreach of promise was instituted
In the Superior Court 1 to-day, wherein
Elolse E. Murphy seeks to recover $20,000
from George A. Rankln, a well-known
resident of this county. \u25a0 In the complaint
it is alleged that the two became engaged
in September, 1900. • , : : "
Sues for Breach, of Promise.
HOPE TO LOCATE
TREASURE TROVE
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 1L— The steamer
Danube brought from the north to-day
$105,000 in golddust for the North Ameri
can Trading and Transportation Com
pany. Officials of the company were here
to receive It and will to-morrow offer it
for sale at the provincial assay office and
claim the rebate of 1 per cent of the Do
minion royalty paid to Klondike miners
marketing their gold here. There is a
question as to whether the Government
will allow the royalty to a company, it
having been offered to induce the individ
ual miners to market their gold here.
"Will Claim Gold Royalty.
REDDING, Oct. 11.— An exciting inci
dent occurred in the trial of the partner
ship suit of S. J. Eldred vs. Frank Story
in the Superior Court this afternoon, in
which a well known lawyer and lawmaker
was fined for contempt by Judge Edward
Sweeny. Ex-Assemblyman T. W. H.
Shanahan represents the plaintiff and ex-
Senator Frank Sprague and General W.
D. Tillotson the defendant. In addressing
the court Shanahan became excited and
insinuated that the court was deciding
the case before hearing the evidence.
Judge Sweeny silenced the attorney, ad
ministered a scathing, rebuke and fined
Shanahan $20 for contempt.:
Shanahan thought better of his words
and declared that he believed the court
fair and capable. Drawing' out two '$10
bills, he said the fine would cripple him
financially. Judge Sweeny finally remit
ted the fine and General Tillotson's sug
gestion to adjourn court for the time was
not heeded. . - . ~
Fine of Twenty Dollars Imposed Up
on the ex- Assemblyman Is
Later Remitted.
STTATSTAHAN ACCUSES
THE COUKT OF BIAS
This week's News Letter offers a great
variety of interest to' readers. The edi
torial section is up to its usual high stan
dard - and the • regular departments are
notable for the cleverness that , has al
ways distinguished them. "Microcos
mography" treats of the farmer and his
troubles this week, and one of Jonah's re
markable sketches adorns the column.
Ben C. Truman has contributed another
diverting article on "Parisian Peculiari
ties," and there is a good metrical squib
by Carolus -Ager on "The Return of the
Rough Rider." The Town Crier has writ
ten a "Fable in Slang" on a well known
California actress, and the lilt of the piece
quite out-Ades Ade.- Betsey Bird and Mrs.
Chauncey de Wit are making an excellent
team of society gossips , and their work
this week is a good sample of what they
can do. The Looker On has an extra long
budget of stories this-,time — and they are
the kind that will be read. ' ' " •
To-Day's News Letter.
JUNBAU, Alaska, Oct. 7 (via Seattle,
Oct. 11).— There was k frightful accident
at the Treadwell mine on Douglass Island
at 11:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon. A
party of five miners were drifting in the
440-foot level, and, from appearances after
the accident, they recklessly attempted
to open a box of powder with a pick.
An explosion followed, which killed four
men and seriously wounded the fifth. ' Joe
Feratta was blown to atoms, and William
Moore, George^Dusing and an Italian
called Louie were horribly mangled. The
fifth man is at the hosnital, seriously in
jured. .,
TREKA, Oct. 11.— Henry Koester, City
Trustee and financier, is dead from a self
inflicted pistol wound in the head. Koes
ter shot himself in an outbuilding at his
new home on Tuesday. When found he
was conscious. Dr. Collar found that the
bullet had gone into* the "right ear, rang
ing upward and lodging in -the brain.
Koester's vitality, however, was remark
able, as he lingered until yesterday. There
seems to be no doubt that the deed was
committed while Koester was suffering
from mental aberration.
For several years Henry Koester r con
ducted the Miners' Home and he accumu
lated a competency, retiring only recently
from the active management of that in
stitution. He built a fine home and was
in a position to enjoy life when he took
means to end it. In the last city election
he was chosen to fill the position of Trus
tee, and he was a useful member of the
board. He was comparatively a young
man, being in his forty-flrst year, and
was a native of California. His family
consists of a wife and two children, a girl
and a boy.
Koester's father committed suicide in
Yreka years ago -by drowning himself
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The property of a Dawson syndicate ad
joining Peters' claim also shows good
prospects, $40 being taken from, one small
crevice.
The gold on Livingstone is reported to
be very coarse. Livingstone has thus far
made the best showing of ajiy creek in the
district. There a.re several other claims
which have been demonstrated to be
\u25a0worth working. Sufficient work has not
yet been done on the rest to locate the
pay streak. '
SEATTLE, Oct. 1L— Advices from Daw
son state that some remarkably rich dirt
is being taken out on Livingstone Creek,
in the Big Salmon district. Ten thousand
dollars from one clean-up, representing
the work of three men for as many days,
is the record given. This big clean-up was
made on the claim of a man named
Peters.
Special Dlsx>atch to The Call,
Treadwell Miners Open
Box of Powder With
a Pick.
Henry Koestor Fires a
Bullet Into His
Brain.
Take Out $10,000 From
a Single Claim in
Three Days.
Two • witnesses at the inquest testified
that- Cassidy was at the saloon door when
the shot that killed Posey was fired from
that direction. Cassidy was permitted
this afternoon to attend the funeral of
Andrew Quinlan, who was killed by Posey
a few seconds before he was himself shot.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 11.— As a result of the
very positive evidence brought out at the
Inquest over the body of James A. Posey,
who was shot In his saloon Tuesday night,
Peter Cassidy, a saloon-keeper and poli
tician of the Fifth Ward, was arrested to
day on the charge of murder. His prelim
inary examination was set for Monday
morning at 10 o'clock and his motion for
bail was denied, with leave to renew it
to-morrow morning, though the intima
tion of the court was- that no bond would
be fixed prior to the preliminary examin
ation. \u25a0,..-\u25a0\u25a0• J
Peter Cassidy Accused of the Killing
; • of James A. Posey iu San
Diego.
WAKD POLITICIAN IS
CHARGED WITH MURDER
YREKA TRUSTEE
DIES A SUICIDE
MINE EXPLOSION
KILLS FOUR MEN
BOSTON, Oct. 11.— The misunderstand
ing existing in various parts of the coun
try indicated especially in private ad
vices received here as to. the progress of
the fund to ransom Miss Stone, the mis
sionary, Is considered to be'sufficient rea
son for the issuance of another appeal for
funds by the clergymen who signed the
first one. The idea is to impress upon the
ments are now being made to pay the
ransom demanded.
Another Appeal for Funds.
missionary, a patriot and a noble American.
All contributions should be sent direct to
Kidder. Peabody & Co., 115 Devonshire street.
Boston, or Baring. Magoun & Co., 15 Wall
street. New York. AH money contributed will
be returned to the donors in case its use Is not
necessary or in the event of its being- here
after returned by or through the United States
Government. • JOHN Ii "WITHROW.
Park-street Congregational Church.
GEORGE C. LORIMER,
.. Tremoflt Temple Baptist Church.
JOHN GALBRAITH.
Bromfleld-street M. E. Church.
AMERICAN CARDINAL
• MAY NOT BE CREATED
I>oubts Are Expressed as to the Pos
sibility of Archbishop Ireland's
Elevation.
ROME. Oct. 11.— Recently special efforts
were rsade to have Archbishop Ireland of
St. Paul created a Cardinal. Reports
from the United States indicate that some
action by Pope Leo is expected "at the
consistory to be held In Rome October 15."
At the Vatican to-day a correspondent
was informed that the next consistory
will be held about Christmas, and that it
is not probable that any new Cardinals
will be appointed then. Furthermore, It
•was stated with great positiveness that
while Cardinal Gibbons lives there will be
no other American Cardinal— at least so
long as Leo XIII is Pope.
Armour Plans a New Plant.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1L— Armour & Co. to
day completed the purcnase of a tract of
land at the National fitock Yards, East
St. Louis, and will soon begin the erection
of a packing- plant to cost $1,000,000.
THE ABDUCTED AMERICAN MISSIONARY AND A MAP OF THE FRON
TIER OF TURKEY AND BULGARIA, WHERE THE BANDITS HOLD
THE WOMAN A CAPTIVE FOR RANSOM.
DENVER, Oct. 11— A sensation was
caused to-night by the arrest of Mrs. Val
lie. widow of Uplide Vallle. whose body
was found near his home, Jefferson, Park
County, Colo., last Wednesday. Vallie
was station agent for tlie Colorado and
Southern Railway at Jefferson. His head
had been beaten to a pulp with a club.
The Coroner's verdict charged the crime
to Charles Bauer, a man formerly em
ployed by Vallle on a ranch. Charges
were made that Baker's motive for the
crime was love for Mrs. Vallie. who \ras
much younger than her husband. Mrs.
Valiie was arrested in Denver to-night
upon the request of the Park County au
thorities.
SALINAS, Oct. U.— Dense clouds of
smoke enveloped Salinas to-night and the
skies were lighted up in several directions
by forest fires in the Santa Lucia and
Gabilan hills. Conflagrations started in
the neighborhood of Agenda and spread
southward toward King City. It is re
ported that hunters left a camp fire burn
ing, which Ignited the underbrush and the
flames were soon getting beyond control.
Nearly 300 acres of timber have been de
stroyed and the fire is unchecked.
The Santa Lucia range fire started
near the old reservoir of the Pacific Im
provement Company, back of Monterey
and Pacific Grove. Several hundred acres
of pines, cypress, scrub oak, ' manzanita
and other timber have been consumed and
the flames are spreading. The fire can
be seen from Salinas. Unless rain falls
or the fires can be got under control by
the men fighting them the Joss will be
very heavy.
During the day the heat here has been
intolerable because of the fire. To-night
the atmosphere Is stifling and smoky.
» SAN RAFAEL, Oct. .11.— A heavy grass
fire started on the Fort Baker reserva
tion late this afternoon, and despite the
efforts of the soldiers stationed there and
aid from Sausalito the flames are sweep
ing up the hills from the fort to Point
Bonita. The principals, damage will be to
the dry grass and fencing. Owing to the
prompt work of the soldiers several build
ings that were threatened early in the
evening were saved. The damage to pas
ture, even though the flames spread, will
be slight, as tho rainy season Is due.
Sensation Caused by the
Arrest of Mrs. Vallie
at Denver.
Flames Sweep Through
Monterey County
Foothills.
MURDERED MAN'S
WIDOW ACCUSED
GEORGETOWN,- Ky.. Oct. 11.— Ten men
were accepted by the commonwealth to
day as jurors in the case of Caleb Powers,
charged with being an accessory to the
murder of Governor William Goebel. They
are, however, subject to peremptory chal
lenge by the defense. Judge Cantrlll or
dered mounted sheriffs to go over into
Bourbon County to-night and bring- a spe
cial venire of 100 men Into court to-mor
row morning.
The commonwealth has used two of its
live peremptory challenges and the de
fpnse has fifteen which it has not used.
Not before Tuesday will the submission
of evidence begin. If by that time. The
jurors now in the box are mostly country
men from distant parts of Scott County.
TEN" MEN SELECTED
TO TRY CALEB POWERS
Story of the Assassination of William
Goebel Again Coming 1 to
the Fore.
MINERS STRIKE
RICH PAY DIRT
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 11.— In com
pliance with a request from Washington
the search by Ottoman troops for the ab
ductors of Miss Stone, the American mis
sionary, has been abandoned, it being
feared that the brigands would kill her
should they be closely pursued. Arrange-
The United States is not willing, how
ever, to authorize any preparations at this
time on the part of the Bulgarian or the
Turkish Government to attack the brig
ands immediately after Miss Stone's re
lease. Such preparations were made by
the Greek Government In 1870, in the case
of the party of English and Italian visit
ors held captive by brigands, and the lat
ter, in order to facilitate their escape,
killed their prisoners. It is surprising to
the United States that the abductors of
Miss Stone have not coupled with the de
mand for ransom a demand for amnesty,
as was done in 1870 by the Greek brigands.
Great Britain urged upon Greece to
grant the amnesty desired, but the Athens
Government was unable to comply on ac
count of constitutional limitations, though
It agreed to permit an English warship to
convey the men safely to Malta after they
had released their prisoners. The United
States would undoubtedly go as far as
Great Britain did, and if necessary will
urge Bulgaria and Turkey to grant am
nesty to Miss Stone's captors.
May Grant Amnesty.
The State Department understood that
the Turkish Government had so disposed
its troops along the frontier that the
brigands would be unable to enter into the
interior of the country. It is believed
here that the brigands are moving from
place to place along the boundary line,
seeking refuge first in Bulgarian and then
in Turkish territory. To both govern
ments the United States is making most
urgent representations not to authorize
an attack. Only by fair dealing, in the
opinion of this Government, can Miss
Stone be rescued. After careful considera
tion of the matter the authorities have
decided that the wisest course is to ran
som Miss Stone, and once she is released
and actually in safety, then the Bulgarian
or Turkish Government will be urged to
relieve the countries of the disgrace of
brigandage.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
/f N. W., "WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.—
(i . Fears even deeper than those
hitherto entertained are felt to
night for Miss Stone, the Ameri
can missionary, held captive by Bulgarian
brigands. Her situation is most desper
ate. She is in the hands of men who will
not hesitate to commit murder if they
themselves believe that the crime will
facilitate their escape. Aware that the
military forces of Bulgaria and the Turk
ish Government are prepared to attack
them at a favorable opportunity, Miss
Stone's abductors must receive the ran
som without delay or else they will kill
their captive. The time limit fixed for the
payment of the ramsom expired on Tues
day. It is thus three days overdue, and
the sum demanded has not yet been
raised. That the brigands appreciate the
dangerous situation in which they have
tound themselves is shown by the fact of
their return into Turkish territory.
Watkins testified that the train arrived
st Wenatchee at S:10 o'clock. It is yet to
be decided who was at the key in Spokane
•when the train was cleared at Wenatchee,
as evidence concerning the man on duty
in Spokane is conflicting.
SPOKANE, Oct. 11.— The Coroner's jury
at "Wenatchee, investigating . the Great
Northern Railway wreck of October 7,
returned a verdict severely censuring the
company and certain officials, implying
That carelessness caused the death of H.
II. Hlxson and Samuel Stallcup. victims
of the wreck. The jury said;
"We find said collision to have be«n
caused by a partial oversight In delivering
orders on tlie part of John H. Watklns.
day operator at AVenatchee. and also by
an oversight in the train dispatcher's of
fice in Spokane. We hold the Great North
ern Railway responsible for the wreck on
the ground that the said John H. Wat
klns was overworked, having been on duty
twenty hours of the day preceding the
wreck."
Special Dispatch to The Call,
FIRE DENUDING
FOREST TRACTS
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— In a head-end
collision between ' a lemon train and a
work; train oh the Colegrove branch of
the Santa Monica electric road this morn-
Ing fl^ve men were killed and six In
jured, five seriously. The^accident occur
red on a steep grade a half mile east of
Sherman, at 7 o'clock. The killed:
ELMER E. VINSONV
J. TURNER. \u25a0 '
ED WEIR.
A. JOHNSON.
AUGUSTUS KORSE,
The injured: : S. "Wartner, J. Nelson,
George Noonan, "William Cameron, E. W.
Flannagan and H. L. Prltchard.
The Colesrove.: branch of>the Los An
geles and Pacific Electric Company, on
which the accident occurred, la a single
track line, and from the stories told by
those concerned the wreck was unavoida
ble. A dense fog and slippery rails are,
In a great measure, responsible for tho
disaster. The work train, consisting of
two flat cars and a light motor car, start
ed out 'of Sherman for Laurel Canyon,
two miles east. Eleven or twelve laborers
were riding: on' the flat cars In charge of
Foreman. Reuter. A dense fog: made it
impossible-, to see beyond the train's
length.
About the same time a lemon train, con
sisting of two heavily loaded freight cars
and a heavy motor car, left the packing
house at Colegrove, west bound. The
grade west to Sherman is down hill,
which fact, coupled with slippery rails
from the fog, caused the train to shoot
down hill at a high speed. Just east of
the scene of the I accident there ia a sharp
curve. On rounding this Motorman
Prltchard of the lemon train saw the
work train and called to the conductor
and another man to jump, at the same
time leaping: from the -flying car. The
trains came together with a crash, the
heavier motor climbing over the work
train arid crushing the laborers on tho
flat cars. Motorman Vinson of the work
train stuck to his post and was killed.
Some of the injured men in the hospital
in this city are not expected to recover.
• •
Great Northern Operator Too
Tired to Properly Attend
to Duties.
Heavy Lemon Train Strikes
and Demolishes Motor Car
rying Workingmen.
Unusual Verdict at In
quest Over Wreck
Victims.
Five Men Are Killed on
the Santa Monica
Electric Line.
ACCIDENT DUE
TO OVERWORK
CRflSH OFCARS
ONSTEEPGRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1 2/ 1901.
American Government Causes a Check in the Pursuit of the
Abductors of Miss Stone by Bulgarian Troops Because It Is
Feared the Fugitive Band of Bold Brigands Will Kill fler
SITUATION OF THE MISSIONARY
CAPTIVE NOW MOST DESPERATE
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Love is unequally
/ 8 o^a! yoked with sickness.
V V\^ Labor « lightened by
I V xv love, but len-e cannot
"^ \ lighten pain or relieve
\ W k **" Man y ? man looks
Vjj«^S on at his wife's suffering
\/r® willing to do anything
' '/!r^' to er an^ a^ e to
" I nothing.
Sometimes, however,
the husband's attention is directed to
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and
its remarkable cures of womanly dis-
eases. He may not have much hope of
a cure, but he is led to try the medicine,
Trith the result that in almost every case
there is a perfect and permanent cure.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
irregularity. It dries the drains which
weaken women, heals inflammation and
alceration, and cures female weakness.
As a tonic for women who are nervous,
sleepless, worn-out and run-down w Fa-
vorite Prescription" is unequaled.
\u25a0 In answer to your letter I -will say, my urife
commenced to complain twenty years ag-o,"
writes Lewis A. Miller, ex-Chief-of-Police, of 33
Prospect St.. Weissport, Pa. " We have tried the
ridU of twelve difiTere-nt doctors. She took gal-
lons of medicine during: the time she -was ill,,
cnti! I wrote to you and you told us what to do.
She has taken eiybt bottles of Dr. Pierce'a Fa-
vorite Prescription and six of the ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery.' She can do her own work now
and can walk around again ai*d is quite smart."
\u25a0 Favorite Prescription " has the testi-
mony of thousands of \u25a0women to its com-
plete cure of womanly diseases. Do not
eccept an unknown and unproved sub-
stitute in its place.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets invigor-
ate stomach, liver and bowels.
' ftl FT nntll I Corner Fourth and
bHlL nU I HLir-ovSS.J-a
valises checked free.
\u25a0 ; THE EMPOBITTIIL j THE EMPOgnT3L
Kam*r.aK*»M««»X«im*K«K»e WWW K»5W?*WW«?»5>5l! «*,*»&*»£*)***
K \u25a0 ' '\u25a0-"\u25a0 ; ; -\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 , iff
| Grand Concert to-night at 7:30 o'clock by the %
J£ Emporium Orchestra, directed, by August Hinrichs. %
2* TSS I mSLa ' l|Bn BBuffS Jffpj K&jHmmJlM R8 iTBrl. bh it**! JS 9m J*& *5
" - R9 PsHI " HBct H <Bf bSb 1f> » 5aniT£^Sv I ~^i I «3 BQSoi^l^iS
I CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST. STORE $
\ Umbrella Special $1.48+ 1
*C - . «j
k I j£ We place on sale to-dayv
$ "^&L \u25a0 '\u25a0 jMSSaSS^^'Jw^' one °f'*h e best values injf
i : '^%gmBmBSm&L Umbrellas we have everjf
S ydS^mii^^S^ offered— a close-roll Union*
x\ Y^^^^T^{ and ladies', sizes 26 andj
$ 28 inches; heavy steel Para- j^
$ \u25a0 / ISlL^ £ on "\u25a0frames and steel rod;£
v W* x j$[ M a large assortment of han-g
S.'^^r \u25a0\u25a0 J\ *. 2/ d!es; gents' in horns. furze,g
$ \u25a0 Jk \u25a0 boxwood and silver trim-ic
*" - med, and ladiesMn a variety*
new fancy handles; worth regularly $2.00, jweJ*
J$2.2£ and $2.^o each. Special to-day only... &Mm**8%
I Fine Linen Sets ~ Neck Ruffs J$MS$) 5
If $3.78. St. 48. W^i
Ja'io Dinner S;ts of purs Linen, cons-sting of r •>• . fes&w^S*,' "5
Jf 8x4 Tabc Cloth and 1 dozen of i8xi8-inch J 0 . 0 ° f^ thlS leasons «¥ «
jf Napkins to set; both Cloth and Napkins are Stylish Black Liberty J$m.Z-jj&k S
If hemstitched nicely and perfectly matching; Silk Neck Ruffs, made "*
» their value is $5.50 a set; but for Saturday extra foj] w j th j Qn "•
-. \u25a0 only we offer them on special .-* -^ _ .^ \u25a0 r * •
f sai e at, pe r«t $3*78 strcam « s ° f »m e ma- m .;
terial; regular value AS A >C
$ Fine Stationery. | a 2 t^°; or J utf h or iKl |
JfWe graspid th: opportunity of buying from a Y Y> cac ijf^>a^ "*
*^ j:bber who heavily overbought 900 reams &S && *!E
J and 180,000 Enve'opes of 54 lb. stock of npmm-w*9 j»
j^ Hurlbut's Real Irish Linen, in commercial J*
I Ladies' New Aprons*
i Paper {% ream) 53 C Special PHCQSm |
•?r»5 Square Envelopes ( *4 M) to 11T— .,, T . . ... «•
J atc \ f V/s ) g« All Lawn Aprons, hemstitched all around and jf
t£ '\u25a0 •»•*•» on stringj large full sizss. Special ._ ' J»
If . # ~ valus for to-day „ SsSC'l
JfSf NeW WaistS 69C of Lawn Aprons", so'me'tucked, some jf
J^ . pWnt but large— some with embroidery in-Jf
/T'J'f r\ Assorted lot of sertion. Special value for to- _ &
X «-^ nsw fancy Flannel- v day -" : •••• :•• 35C%
J V- % etre Tucked W a «f, Fourt «n styles of fine Lawn, some with bibs,.«
ii V^T 1-1 " vvaiStS, some nnm style, some embroidery trimmeJ;.*
•f '^Jmrfr^ picture; colors all large but well made; all new. — n °J
J /^^B^i\ pink, light blue/ Special value for to-day ;..". 5OC C X
i dark blue, cadet and _ — J
gray and black and PorttereS $3.21. *
% W&JbiwzrY^) white ottc d near^ We offer 50 pars of Portieres, 50 inches wide,jt
ti N^WJJ^/**^^ silks; all sizes; regu- 3 7* ri * long, heavy overthrow fringe; tapes-.* *
•f larlv Si OO Soe ° f patterns, for double doors, tfagb doiws,5
•f /^^ v » -i j *4i»-i couch covers, etc.; five different colors; «
J \*~ \u25a0 cial to-day QQq regular value |6. Special to- J
J : i **y only $3.2 1*
Tea and 7~~ •* \
lOoifee Service 33c. i^^i^gl
If A strong, practical 12-piece tin Coffee and Tea Suppo:t:rs, with rubber button fasteners, *nd^
tt Set for children, handsomely decorated with made from an extra fine quality of silk mer-«
» bird and flower designs; just the thing for cerizei web; eolen, black, cardin*! light %
* four -little folks; ngularly 50c. 99 blue, pink and orange; regular value J * *
J£ Special to-day only. . ." &&G z$c pair. Specal sale price 1 7c£
$\u25a0-••'/.,• — — ' " i
$ Saturday only — Best Fancy Ranch Ettas.*
JC We guarantee every one of them. Special to-aav 5
J per dozen... 4^
v . \u25a0 ' . • — ' x
I Clocks, l Ggsvssfte *
JI 14-karat gold-plated "7 //}#• SSf* «
S j/^fcS&&\L Boudoir Clocks, . , . m.m*9.m *
* J&l&fi^h* best^orks, guaran- day oMpecjal sale. Imported o *
,| MM*^^^ ' teed I year, to- Porto R'co Cigars, 7 for 25 C*
I ffit Wm% 17.7. $1.15 Shoe Polish. %
$ W&&£$$' Thc Emporium Im P eriil Shoe Polish, for all kinds of shoss, '3
£• r^timSC Nickel A^arm »*« or black, equal to any i S c paite _ $
*" )flp^^aJ C ock, 4 inch, 30 on the market, special to-day OC<
$ * S * S> -? lyllx-^^T House Furnishings. S
J to -day^ only...... *** C Hardwood Ice $
i' : . Combination \u25a0' :'******* f^^^^^i
£ Posketbook and made, ,;« e O f box pi f«, %\ | \ I s
1 1 Card Cases. S S Iff f 1 1
%A sample line of -Combination Pocketbook* *° M c . ak « heavv ' "%
H and Card Cases, every purse well made and galvanized inside -•)&__ 31
of good quality leather, in genuine seal, al.i- hnln S> fitted w ' th \u25a0 ji
h gator and morocco, alto all the new leathers, » t . w ° Temovab e & > %
%' * every purse in the line a good value _ « hcl J M » "gularly
X at 75c, on special sale to-day .....4h3C .^9- 8 5» «P«»»I ****T £q §Y%
•^ - Washing Machines — To introduce our new^f
«? Berry Or SaUCe Victory Washer, we will sell an improved.*
*f _ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0 -^ \u25a0- '^ ~''Jt*% and up-to-date machine, made of best s^a- 1 -?
fPlateSj Set Of Op *rd£C scned wood, fitted with improved gearing Jf
* >^^V Carlsbad China Ber- wfcich cannot g.-t out of order, also e»tens:onj»
£ i^^^^r\ ry or Sauce Rates, rack which can bs drawn out for tob orj
•f -CS^^^^^-,^. with floral decora- basket to rest en, positively the best on the J
•f tion, an unusual- market, easy to run and a quick cleanser, «
* IfwIPsi~_2g ly good value at our special introductory tf _ JfeSli
i- ;^^^^^3- * r -^ • dozen > price w-^sj
X *^a on sptcial sale 10-Quart Saucepan — Best quaity enameled.*
A" Ng^^y^.. to-day only, ware, straight sides, long handles and cover, **
J£ \u25a0 .\u25a0 ... ~^^ Kt0^ii<» a fine \u25a0 sue for a wup pot, regularly -j j-
JC I &jSG 90c, special to-day &ZJG %
CALIFORNIA
I I R S 0 TT* f W*%
La I III I I LiU I
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., OH THE
SANTA FE
WbbHf Can $1.00 per YeaiINSURING FURNITURE— T.' M., . City.
If a man. buys. furniture on the install
ment plan the purchaser and the seller
should each insure the same, because if
destroyed by fire before the final payment
Is made the seller ; would recover . the
amount still due him and the; purchaser
would- recover the amount -he bad paid in
installments.^ If furniture so sold was de
stroyed by fire before final payment tho
seller could; not recover tha : balance be
cause there .would not be any delivery In
law until the last payment was made, and
he 'would "be, the owner , until- such last
payment was made.
MORTALITT-B. W., City. Compara
tive mortality tables for April, 1901, show
that 'the mortality in San Francisco was
18.13 per . one>thousand inhabitants. ; The
mortality In other cities was: Baltimore,
21.60; Boston, 26.4G; Charleston, S. C, 27.12;
Chicago, 17; Cleveland,' O., 19.41; Detroit,
22.23; Memphis, 23.70; .Minneapolis,, 10.86;
New Orleans, 25.72; New. York, 22.51; Phila
delphia, 30; PI ttsburg, 22.30; Portland, Me.,
25.20; Portland,. Or., 10.13; > Richmond, .Va.,
20 24; St. Paul, Minn., 7.98;^ Tampa," Fla.,
11.23, and Wilmington.. S.>C., 23.70. . . . \
NO SUCH 0RDER-E..K. H.. City. The
United States Transportation Department
located in this city asserts that it never
received any order prohibiting female pas
sengers from being carried on transports
between San Francisco and Manila. No
passengers except such as ordered by, the
Government to sail on transports are
taken, and such pay for their subsistence
on the voyage. • ;
NINEPINS— M. Q., City. There is 'no
law of the State of California nor an or
dinance of the. city of San Francisco that
prohibits the game of ninepins. To ascer
tain if there is any such ordinance in any
city of the. United States or any law in
any of the forty-four States would \ro
qulre correspondence with every city v in
the Union, a task this department can
not undertake. . .
HEADERS— F. J. W., Salinas, Cal. This
department is unable to find any record
of hqaders in this State that cut a swath
fifty-two feet wide. The swath of a
header is sixteen feet, maximum. There
is no index that The. CaU has published
that there was a header trint cuts a swath
seventy-two feet wide. .
Its anniversary number la close at hand
coinciding with the birthday of Clement
Scott himself. I asked what were tha
prospects of his birthday number. Thi3
13 what he replied: "The birthday num
ber coJbes out on Tuesday next. I will
send you a list of our contributors Some,
praise me, some chaff me, some laueh at
me. some with me. It will be great ; f'in
and I think a novelty in journalism •'
Whkt the novelty turns out I shall te'l
you next week. . **~
I know It, but here's a note from tha
man who gave the ten millions. Ho — y3
if you don't com© out he'll Insist on .our
being fired."
£? d ££T e Art continued to get it in th©
neck.— Chicago Tribune.
made him enemies. If was hla enemlea
who, when he started the Free Lance,
declared It would not succeed. But what
has been the result? His interesting little,
weekly has not only succeeded, but its
circulation has gone up by leaps and
bounds. I dare say there is no weekly
which has a brighter future in store for
It than this same Free Lance.
"I will not!" exclaimed the star actor.
"It is not art. It destroys the illusion."
But the audience Is growing wild.
Some of the people have begun to hiss
their displeasure at your refusal."
"Let them hiss. What do we care?
We are not dependent upon audiences for
the support of this theater"
"You'll have to come before the curtain
and make a speech." said tho manager,
going behind the scenes.
Where It Will Fall Down— After th«
world had waited a long time a capitalist
finally came forward and endowed a
theater with $10,000,000 in the name of Pura
Art. .' \u25a0.
It was the night of the first perform
ance.
The curtain had gone down on the thircj
act . and the audience, was applaudin"
wildly. -. v/,1.. "
FLOWING RIVERS— F. B., Merced,
Cal. Without knowing if the property
fronts on both sides of the rfver, whether
the stream is a .navigable one and
whether there -was any appropriation of
the water before the present owner of the
land acquired his deed to the same. It is
impossible to answer the question.
OIL. IN TEXAS-H..C. S., City. The
principal oil discoveries in Texas have
been in Beaumont County 4 It is said
that the Indications are that there may
be "gushers" started in every part of the
State.
• A dispatch from Brussels to the New York Herald
says the plan is to be seriously made a part-of-diplo
matic discussion during the coming winter. There is
something of radical common sense in the plan that
renders its adoption very improbable. In fact, most
diplomatists would ' probably laugh! at it if it were
permissible for a diplomatist to laugh at ' anything.
At present Austria, Germany, France, Italy and Spain
have to keep a considerable police force watching ah
srehists all the time, and evenjin Great-Britain arid
the United States there is much police supervision'
necessary. Each Government feels relieved when
some particularly dangerous anarchist removes Vhis
residence to some other country. In , fact;.' nations
have repeatedly warned such anarchists to leave their
boundaries, thus forcing an evil upon a 'neighbor na
tion instead of crushing it. . • v
\u25a0It would be rnorereighborly as well as cheaper in
the long run to accept the Belgian idea and establish;
the international colony.. It .ought not to be dis
agreeable to anarchists, for it would give -them an
island in which they could live in lawless freedom.
It would'save them from. the trouble of conspiringto
kill anybody, while .permitting, them the amplest lib
erty of speech. Altogether the subject is well worth
the attention .of^diplomatists, and it js : to be hoped
the Belgians will really press it upon their considera
tion.'.. ; ' . ' : ;V',"'C'
OF all the plans which have been suggested for
.dealing with anarchists who are too good to
hang but too bad to be tolerated in civilized
society perhaps the best is one which has been pro
posed in Belgium, and which it is said the Belgian
Government will endeavor to have adopted by inter
national agreement. The plan is nothing more nor
less than the establishment of an international penal
colony on some uninhabited group of islands in the
Pacific, to which the nations shall be bound to de
port all anarchists now living within their borders.'
\rThe : man who devised the scheme seems to have
worked it out in every detail except the selection of
the islands. That he left to international diplomacy.
For the rest he proposes that one island or group of
islands shall be seit apart for male anarchists and an
other, for females, and that the separation between the
two shall be kept strictly enforced, so that there will
be no breeding of anarchists. He figures out that pro
vision will have to be made for not more than . 10,000
persons, as' that is about the number of "reds" now
wandering about the world outside of Russia. -. For
some reason not set forth in the report-that comes to
us Russia is not to be asked to join in the plan. Her
Government is' to be left to deal with her anarchists
in its own way.
AN ANARCHIST COLONY.
H." R., San Rafael, Cal.
Tne steamers of the Japanese line stop
at Honolulu on the return trip, but can
not carry any passengers from that point
\o San Francisco. . .,-
Mr. Asquith, one of the foremost of the Liberal
leaders, recently said: "It is a total mistake to sup
pose that the proclamation his the force of law; no
Minister in this country has- the power by putting
on a piece of paper, the sentenccof banishment- to
make that sentence effective against any part of his
Majesty's subjects. What the proclamation really
amounts to is this, and in this respect it corresponds,
I think,- to a large extent with what was done at the
tnd'of the Franco-German war with regard to the in
habitants of Alsace. The proclamation says to these
people: You must make your choice. If by the date
fixed you surrender, well and good; if you do not,
we warn you that local legislation will be initiated for
the" purpose of doing what was done to the inhabi
tants of Alsace who did not choose to come in under
the proclamation on terms, banishing you from the
territory." ' \u25a0 - . '\u25a0..'.'
Mr. Asquith went on to say that he did not believe
the Commons of Great Britain would ever consent
to an" assumption on the part of the Government that
it had a; right by paper proclamation to banish from
any part of the empire any British subject, and that
before the warning given by the proclamation can be
put into. effect there; will have to be local-legislation,
which at every stage can be'discussed, and -which even
when e r nacted- will be at afl times subject to amend
ment, revision and repeal. ; ' . . .
.The statement of Mr.. Asquith has been regarded as
such a clear presentation of the law of the empire
that even some members of the Ministry have ad
mitted its truth. The Westminster Gazette says that
the question of the legality of the proclamation is
even more important than the question of its, ex-'
pediency, andadds: "If we accept this gazetted no
tice as good law;; the Russian method of banishment
by administrative order will henceforth be a weapon
of the British executive, and thus under the supposed
stress of military necessity: we shall part one by'v one - ;
with the most ; cherished- safeguards .of our ' \u25a0 liberal' ;
tolerant and unaggressive empire..":;.-. -' . '«'
While the British. lawyers and Liberals are thus
discussing the proclamation from' a legal standpoint,
all questions as to its 'expediency seem to have been
answered by, the event. t The proclamation has not
brought a single Boer leader to surrender. It fias
served only to deepen": {heir hostility to the British
KITCHENER'S proclamation warning the Boer
leaders that if they did not surrender before
September 15 jthey would when captured be
sent into permanent exile appears to have had m'Ore
effect in Great "Britain thanin the Transvaal. - The
Boers have paid little attention'toit, but the British
themselves have been warmly idiscussing it .and con
demning it. It is claimed that the threat of exile is
on the part of Kitchener an assumption of power
which he does not possess, and that neither he nor the
B~ritish Ministry can legally enforce such a-punish
ment unless given authority by the Legislature;
SOLDIER— M., Alcatraz, Cal. The fact
that a man has been dishonorably dis
charged from the army of , the United
States does not affect his right to vote.
KITCHENER'S PROCLAMATION.
THE CENTENNIAL EXPOSITION— S.,
City. The Centennial Exposition at Phil
adelphia opened May 10, 1876, and closed
on tho 10th of November following.
TWO GREAT FIRES— Subscriber, City.
The great fire in Chicago was on October
8-11, 1S71, and the great fire in Boston was
on November 9, 1S72.
LAUNCHES— E. A., City. No licensed
engineer is required to run a steam
launch the tonnage of which is less than
fifteen.
Robert Hichens is to call his new novel
VThe Prophet of Berkeley Square." It la
a tragic extravaganza. The prophet Is a
young man who comes, under the influ
ence of a. great astronomer, Sir Tiglath
Butt. This charlatan and Malklel the Sec
ond, a maker of wonderful almanacs play
conspicuous parts in the story, which tells
of the trials and tribulations of the young
man after he has consulted the proph-ts
J With regard to what I said a couple" of
weeks ago about Mrs. Atherton's anony
moua publication of '.'The Aristocrats " I
see she now -writes to the Westminster
Gazette to explain why ahe did not issue
the book under her own name It was
she saya, to amuse herself with American
critics, many of whom had "abused" her
steadily since she began to publish For
this purpose she wroteias an af terthousrht
"several . of the most shocking thlnea I
could concoct," anticipating that these
very passages would be ' praised by the
reviewers who had formerly "abused"
her. She now omllea at her success
All. great m^n have their enemies n *
well as friends. Among these is Clement
Scott, England's veteran leading dramatic
critic. He has frienda and adherents
through : his honesty, and outspokenness
It is that same ; outspokenness -which hai
, But, after all, nobody spends so much
money on bookbinding as the Americans,
at least so the English firms tell me.
. It is sa^d that Rudyard Kipling's "Kim,"
published this week in book form after
having run serially In Cassell's Magazine,
cost him more work than any of his pre
vious books, (some sections were rewrit
ten a dozen times, and j when changed
were perhaps cut out altogether. The
book was begun more than eight years
ago. The journeys of Kim and his lama
reproduce many of the same travels of
the author, especially the description of
the journey toward the land of Thibet.
The end of the book also, it Is under
stood, is taken from actual experience.
"The Benefactress," by the author of
"Elizabeth and Her German Garden,"
which Messrs. Macmlllan will pufait3h be
fore very long, is I believe a novel of
German village life. It is, said by those
who have read the manuscript to be full
of the charm of the anonymous author's
previous works. The benefactress Is a
young English woman who has a fortune
left her by a German relative. She takes
up her property in Germany, and the
story tells her experiences in that coun
try. I belleve.it Is. also safe to say that
tho book will contain more than a few
biographical touches.
I hear that Mr. Barrett has just de
signed a bookplate for the Queen, but it
is not allowed to be shown yet.
The bookplate craze is increasing every
day, and now every, smart woman is
proud to be the possessor of thl3 adjunct
to her library.
Talking of books, nobody is so fond of
them or takes greater care of them than
Lady Feo Stuart, who is ju3t now in Rus
sia. She perfectly revels in books and
pays very large sums for them and then
has them exquisitely bound. I have just
seen Goupll's edition of the Louvre In six
volumes, which she has had bound in a
lovely shade of old French red leather,
most beautifully tooled. Every volume is
lined with white watered silk.
Sir David Salomons Is also very fond of
books and pay3 large sums for their bind
ing.
In one corner is the score of "Lohen
grin," with the swan standing near. It
evidently is her Royal Highness' favorite
composition.
I have just seen a most lovely bookplate
which has been designed for the Princess
Victoria.
It represents a marine subject symboli
cal'of the sea cf life. In the foreground
is a cross with a dovo resting on it, the
whole being surrounded with laurel and
oak leaves, .the latter symbolical of
strength.
RUBBER CARRIAGE SEATS-Sub
scriber, City. . Rubber inflated carriage
seats are made and used.
a back: date-a. o.'S., city.
14th of May. 1832, fell on a Monday.
Ex-Assemblyman C. B. Jilson, who \%
engaged in mining, came down from Napa
yesterday and went to the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Harrington have en
gaged apartments at the California Hotel
for the winter months.
E. A. Gurst, who conducts a general
merchandise store at Uvermore, la stay*
ing at the California.
E. St. John, the railroad man, returned
yesterday from Southern California and
Is at the Palace.
J. Rosa Trayner. a fruit grower o<*
Marysville, is In the city and staying at
the Lick.
R. V. Ellis, who i3 Interested in oilwells
at Hanford. is among the late arrivals at
the Palace. •;-'ii*.r t . "\
E.. B. Terington, an official of the
Truckee and Carson Railroad, 13 at tho
Palace. . ;' \u25a0'
E. S. Churchill, a well-known Napa
banker, registered, at the Palace yester
day.
C. White Mortimer, British Vice Consul
at I.os Angeles, Is staying a-t the Occi
dental. :\u25a0
Dr. C E. Reed of Petaluma la at tha
Grand. , ---__.- . -- -.;
S. J. Faylin, a Jackson mining:, man, 13
at the. Lick.
P. L. Harrington, a well-known mining
man of Reno. Xev., Is at the Grand.
Rev.- John E. Simpson of Portland, Ore
is at the Palace.
Senator E. C. Voorhels of Sutter Creek
is at the Palace. ,
PERSONAL' MENTION.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Half a century ago Lord Grimthorpe's Interest In horology
took the form of something more than a 'hobby. Though a
Parliamentary lawyer by profession he designed and superin
tended the construction of the "Westminster clock, the largest
In the world and one of the finest public timekeepers. Ho has
written a book, "Clocks and Watches and Bells," which la re
garded as a classic in it3 war.
Lord Grimthorpe Is now a rugged-looking old gentleman,
who wears a broadcloth frocJc coat of distinctly clerical cut.
He Is somewhat militant in manner . He made a large fortuna
at the bar and inherited great wealth. His annual income i3
said to exceed $500,000.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Lord Grlmthorpe has during nearly -the whole of -his
life pursued what Is probably the most curious hobby
affected by any member of the Peerage. He designs and oc
casionally makes and repairs clocks. At Batch Wood, his St.
Albans residence, he has a workshop replete with all the ap
pliances of the clockmaking trade, and In his younger days, It
is said, he took a pleasure v in "doctoring" the out-of-sorts
watches of his fellow-Parliamentarians.
AN Interesting figure In England Is Lord Grlmthorpe,
clockmaker, author and King's Counsel. He Is now In
his eighty-flfth year, and Is the oldest King's Counsel,"
having been appointed in 1854.
THE address of Bishop Potter before the Church
Association for Advancement of the Interests of
Labor was a notable effort and should be circu
lated for the 'study of all who are interested in the
labor problem. He keenly analyzed the many changes
that have come over the modern world, and espe
cially over American life. Bellamy, Gronlund and
other reformers of that school have greatly succeeded
in creating a distaste for work. They have especially
held up the home and housekeeping arts as degrading
drudgery, and have imagined all sorts of schemes of
a communistic nature to take the place of that charm
ing and hospitable housewifery which the Bishop re
called with so much pleasure. * -
As this distaste for housekeeping has not yet or
ganized any of the lazy plans framed by the reform
ers, people live on canned goods and food prepared
outside their houses. Public opinion has much to do r
with it. Formerly when a young couple married if
they did not begin at once to build a home and to
keep house within it as their castle public opinion
regarded them with surprise' and " assumed toward
them an attitude of criticism. Now it is quite differ
ent, especially in our cities. People marry at the
parsonage or rectory, live at a boarding-house, die in
the hospital and are buried from the undertaking par
lors. They plant and tend no flower or vine, and hal
low no home to their children. •
All this is done to avoid, those domestic cares and
duties which, assumed with zeal and discharged with
patience, go into the warp and woof of manly and
womanly character to be its strength and beauty.
Children reared in this avoidance of home-making
and housekeeping, who play in the halls of a hotel
or boarding-house, and have no home shrine nor
hiding-place for their childish treasures, are them
selves totally unfitted to make a home, and, worse yet,
are materially unfitted for the most important and
necessary duties of life. The effect threatens the
state itself, inasmuch as the state is founded upon the
homes of the people. If the people keep no homes,
the state comes to be founded on a boarding-house,
and on dyspepsia and the diseases of idleness.
Bishop Potter put forward very powerfully the
necessity for right understanding and sympathy be
tween employer and. employe.'. These once existed in
this country, and began to disappear when the class
idea was imported from other countries. The great
manufacturing business of New England was founded
and flourished by the employment of native labor.
The New England mill girl was the queen of her
time. She went out from a New England home, was
known to and respected by her employer, and earned
her share of what was needed to found another home
like that of her parents. The change came when she
was displaced by immigrant labor. The tie of a com
mon nativity was sundered and friendly sympathy
went with it The industrial demands of the country
outran our power of assimilation, and instead of the
class distinctions and exclusive ideas disappearing in
the contact, they subordinated to them the relations,
the ideas and the ideals that they found here, and
for a quarter of a century or more labor has been
taught an antagonism to its employer which the em
ployer has been compelled to accept as a fact at first,
and finally to act upon to an extent that would have
appalled our grandfathers.
After all, is it not true that part of this offensive
feature is derived from the homeless lives of the peo
ple? When employer and employe both live in fixed
homes their life experiences have sympathetic*, con
tact in that relation. It was a profound economic
saying that put forward the little child as the leader,
like whom all should be. Fatherhood and mother
hood know no condition of life. They are the com
mon experience and the teacher of all in wisdom.
Taken on in a home, fixed, permanent and definite
they are the common tie between all kinds and con
ditions of men, and when that tie is felt the thrill of
human sympathy passes through it, like the .power
giving current through the electric wire. */ '
We believe that the Church Association for Ad
vancement of the Interests of Labor has in mind this
cne, great, common and persistent tie between men
and following put that philosophy it may hope to
reform conditions and to regenerate individuals,' mak
ing the whole social slate to change to the older and
better model without socialism, and to bring men to
a sense of their common interests without com
munism.
BISHOP POTTER ON LABOR.
It will be seen, therefore, that those who best un
derstand the subject do not regard polar exploration
as a mere adventure carried out in the name of
science, but as a genuine working for a definite and
usefuTend. It is safe to say" that whatever view, the
public may take, of the matter the explorations will
be carried on until men have reached both the poles
and have accurately mapped their lands and deter
mined the nature of their atmospheric phenomena.
Mr. Smith agrees that the commercial benefits to
be derived from a complete exploration of the poles
are not slight, and that they will go far to repay all the
outlay that such explorations cost, but he also holds
that the advancement of science must be the chief re
ward. He recalls the fact that the-earlier voyages to
the frozen seas were designed solely, for material
profit, and' quotes the saying of Milton: "They might
have seemed almost heroic if any liigher end than
excessive love for gain and traffic had animated the
design."
Mr. Clayton says: "The observations. in- the polar
regions in the past have borne fruit in many ways.
The observations on terrestrial magnetism ;:have' f en
abled scientific men to make progress in working out
the laws which govern the movements "of 'the'' mag.-*
netic pole and the changes in magnetism which affect,
the compass of every ship that plows the. deep.- Poiar
observations are enabling men to compare- and test
the theories about the origin of weather changes. and
are thus aiding toward the determination of ; the true
laws of stcrm and cold waves, which knowledge may
in time be worth millions- of. dollars, to the. world."
He concludes by the declaration that in his opinion'
the United States will gain more by polar exploration
than by annexing the Philippines, and Great 'Britain
more than by conquering the. Transvaal. v.^ ; f ;./.-/
Professor Ward goes over. . virtually -the;' ; same:
ground as that traversed by Mr. Clayton and says:
"The more we can learn of Arctic .and -Antarctic.
meteorology the better will be our understanding of
the great laws that control atmospheric movements,
thus influencing weather and climate and affecting
man's activities and mode of life. Many .problems
await for their complete solution the data which pres- 1
ent and future polar explorations will supply. * * *
To the question," 'Will polar exploration give meteor
ology any facts which will be of immediate practical
value to man?' the answer must be no. But that all of
the data thus gained will help the advancement of
science and will thus in the end be of practical bene
fit to mankind there can be no question."
Professor Tod says that in addition to the benefits
to be expected in the way of geographical exploration
and scientific research there will be commercial profit
from the polar voyages. He says: "I have never met
any one not ignorant of the facts of polar exploration
who could argue against it. Consider the standpoint
of commerce alone — for the past two centuries the
yield of Arctic products has exceeded an average of
$5,000,000 annually, and the available wealth of these
superficially known lands is by no means exhausted."
FOR the purpose of explaining to the public what
. gains are to be expected from further explora
tions of the polar regions four scientists of Bos
ton have contributed articles to a recent number of
the Boston Globe. , The writers are: H. Helm Clay
ton, president of the Boston Scientific Society; Rob
ert D. Ward, assistant professor of "climatology at
Harvard; David P. Tod, professor of astronomy at
Amherst, and J. W. Smith of the Weather Bureau.
These men are certainly competent to \u25a0 pronounce
upon the profitableness of such explorations; and
each and all of them maintain that mankind will be
well repaid for whatever energy is expended in reach
ing not only the north pole but the south pole as well.
SATURDAY OCTOBER 12, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . ;.
lUrm AH Communications to W. 8. LEAEE. Xtnigm.
JIAAAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PreM 204
K~» nmm * ** -* - - • _ \u25a0
FCBUCA.TIO2V OFFICE. . .Market and' Third, S. F.
Telephone Preii 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven* on St.
Telephone Prei* 202.
Delivered toy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slncrle Copies. C Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DA.ILT CAJLL. (Including: Sunday), one year ...... H-M
DAILY CALL, (includlnr Sunday). • month*.. ...".";....,... I.M
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). * z-onths 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65o
SUNDAY CALL, One Year. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. Ono Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.' j • , -.-:. ..
Sample copies will be forwarded -when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to glr» both XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE! 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGSESS.
Mutger Foreign Advertising, Xara.nett« Building, Chicag». j
(Lonj: Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAXIXTON . ................ . .Herald Sauara
KBW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebamuta Eoase; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Vremoat House; Auditorium .Hotel. . .
* NEW YORK NEWS STANDS!
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL . ' \u25a0 .
POLAR EXPLORATIONS.
What nefarious scheme of plunder had they on hand,
and how was it thwarted by the Examiner? Cham
bers of Commerce, . commercial bodies, social clubs
and secret and beneficial societies, all over the coun
try, have attacked and condemned the. Hearst papers.
In What plundering scheme were they thwarted by
those, newspapers? "Let us have the particulars. If
college presidents and Cardinals, and a majority of
the social and commercial organizations of this coun
try, are contemplating plunder and crime and bite
their thumbs at the Hearst papers because they alone
prevent the success of these' distinguished criminals',
it is surely an alarming state of affairs, and the anarch
of the dailies should let us know all about it.
a Bishop Potter and Father Doyle the Paulist, Dr.
Hillis of BeeclierV church, Dr. Savage of the Uni
"tarian Church of the Messiah, 'Archbishop Riordan
and President Jordan, Rev? Robert Mackenzie and
Gavin McNab, President -Wheeler, Rev. William
Rader and Mr. Lindsay, grand chancellor of the
of Pythias, are among those who attack and
condemn the. Hearst papers, and the Examiner says
they do it those newspapers prevent them
"from carrying out plans as criminal as any that
have sent men to jail."
I This is alarming, if true. The Examiner boasts that
it is the defender of the people, and has the courage
of its convictions. Why not draw on its stock of
courage and its knowledge of the criminal schemes of
these gentlemen and let the public know the extent
of their criminal plans/ which .. it stays awake to
thwart, overthrow and defeat? •
Among the newspapers which have attacked and
condemned Hearst's yellow papers are those leading
Democratic papers, the Brooklyn Eagle, Detroit
Free Press, Philadelphia Times, Washington
Times, New Orleans Times-Democrat, Chicago
Chronicle, Louisville Courier-Journal, Sacramento
Bee and Coliisa Sun. In what scheme of
crime have they been thwarted by this champion
thwarter? 'It will be very interesting to know what
crime Colonel Henry Watterson intended to com
mit when Hearst caught him at it and promptly threw
out his thwarter and thwarted him. Colonel Watter
son travels a good deal and may try to work his
scheme of plunder and criminal plan when Hearst is
not looking, so it is quite necessary that the Ameri
can people shall be put on to Colonel Watterson's
criminal combination in order that they may turn in
the fire alarm and thwart him before he can work
it. Mr. Hearst should abandon his attitude of gen
eralities and inform the public fully about these
things. - . ...
The American people, of whom the Examiner
kindly, but firmly takes charge, are sending their chil
dren to Yale and Harvard, . and Stanford and
Berkeley, and to Rutgers and the Cooper Union, and
the other hundred institutions of learning -which have
condemned Hearst and* thrown his papers into the
ditch, If the children, of the people are being, sent
to institutions which wpuld commit such crimes as
sendmen to jail if Hearst should turn his back," it
should be known at once, and Hearst should publish
a ground plan and front elevation of the crimes these
colleges and universities would commit if he gave
them the chance. . ,
In a play that is popular are three characters called
Colonels Yell, Brag and Blow. : The names are very
applicable to Hearst's three newspapers, for by yell,
brag and blow they hdpe to weather jthe storm of
popular indignation which has swept them out of all
respectable places in the United States.
This makes; necessary a bill of particulars. The
Hearst papers have been attacked and condemned by
President Eliot of Harvard and by Cardinal Gibbon.
IN the Examiner's last Jack Cade manifesto, "in
which everybody is warned not 'to touch it, for
it is the American people, those who oppose it
are 'specifically described as criminals whose schemes
of plunder it Jias thwarted, and who have in.contem
plation crimes like "those for which men have been
sent to Jail. \u25a0 •> , -
and to strengthen their resolve to 'fight to. the last. It
is to be borne in mind always that even after the con
quest of the Transvaal the. British will- not own all
of South Africa, and accordingly, when resistance in
the field is no longer possible the valiant Boers will
have only to cross over the border into German or
Portuguese territory to find safety and 1 repose." Evi
dently, therefore, the British- are to gain nothing by
the proclamation, and its publication seems. to have
been one of the worst blunders they have made dur
ing the war.
A BILL OF PARTICULARS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 12, 1901.
PEER OF ENGLAND DELIGHTS IN
DESIGNING AND MAKING CLOCKS
PORTRAIT OF LORD GRIMTHORPE, OLDEST KING'S COUNSEL IX ENGLAND, WHOSE HOBBY IS THE
MAKING OP CLOCKS; A SKULL WATCH OF HIS CREATION; "LIGHTING c ' IXSIDE WESTMINSTER CLOCK
AND HIS MUSIC FOR 'WESTMINSTER'S CHIMES. V .
6
AMUSEMENTS.
California)— Herrmann. .
Tlvoll— "Masked Ball."
Grand Opera-house — " 'Hamlet."
Grand Opera-house— Benefit of Charity Fund of the Asso-
ciated Theatrical Managers, Thursday afternoon, October 17.
Columbia— "Florodora."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. «
Central— "Beacon Lithta."
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vtfud«ville every afternoon and
evening-.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. -
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band. Sunday evening, October 13.
Sutro Baths— Open nighta.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend *
Choice candles.Townsen'i's. Palace Hptei»
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'*'
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap' bas-
kets. A nice present for Eaatern frienria
630 Market street. Palace Hoie^Ming? *
Special Information supplied daily to
i£ii ne ™ bo , U3s ?, ana TJUbllo men by th*
Press Clipping Eureau <Allen's>. 510 Mont-
gomery siree;. Telephone Matn-IwNo man ever lived long enough to gtt
square with this big round world.
dame Prill, who claims to be a German
baroness, grot two months' board and
lodging at the hotel on the representation
that she was a teacher In a school ot
physical culture. After her release sha
paid the bill to Skaggs and he. said ho
would not appear to prosecute the case.
BRITISH BARK AFON ALAW, 154 DATS OUT FROM SWANSEA, RUN
NING BEFORE A GALE UNDER BARE POLES. EIGHT PER CENT
REINSURANCE IS BEING PAID ON THE VESSEL.
Steamer Movements.
Eismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
A sla.D at trades unions. Read about Ho
Tow in to-day'i Wasp. •
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Wednes
day for Guaymas, carried a general cargo to
be landed at various Mexican ports, valued
at ?6C',776. The cargo included the following::
2364 pkps groceries and provisions, 13 pkgs
agricultural Implement?, 40 cs axle grease, 8
carboys acid, 6 cs brandy, 12 ctls barley, 8433
lbs bread, £C0 lbs bran, 9490 lbs butter, 25,021
lbs bluestone, 2?7 lbs borax, 120 cs candles, 39
eg canned poods, 15.000 lbs coffee, 945 pals
coal oil. 168 lbs codfish, C776 lbs cheese, 525 lbs
chocolate, 1023 lbs chicory, 3 tons coal, 16
pkgs dry goods. 61 cs drugs, 4044 lbs dried
liuit, 32 cs electrical supplies, 64 cs fusa, 1237
pkgs fruit and vegetables, 21 crs furniture, 8
bbls flour, 2364 pkgrs groceries and provisions,
53 cs glas6, 10 pkgs glassware. 604 pkgs hard
ware, 1060 lbs ham and bacon, 19 pigs lead,
46,604 ft lumber, 340 lbs lard, 8 cs mineral
•water, l£0 pes mlllwork, 205 pkgs machinery,
2080 lbs malt, 64 kegs nails, 430 lbs nuts.. 350
crs onions, 504 crs potatoes. 411 pkgs paste,
726 lbs peas, f>5 bdls paper, 246 pkgs paints and
<»ils, 100 flasks quicksilver, 30 colls rope, 206
ctls rolled barley, 57C5 lbs rice, 2SSO lbs rosin,
1503 railroad ties, 1436 lbs sago, 262 lbs sulphur,
22,724 lbs toda, 1C63 lbs spices, 292 bxs soap, 330
Merchandise for Mexico.
T. Donovan, driver of a coal wagon, was
hurt at the corner of East and Mission
streets yesterday. He was driving across
Ep.st street when a San Mateo car ran
Into his wagon and not only broke the
shafts and Injured the horse but threw
Ponovan from hi= seat. At the Harbor
Hospital Dr. Morrison found that Dono
van was suffering from severe contusions
of the shoulder and side.
The British ship Laomene, from Ant
werp for Los Angeles, has returned to
Deal. England, in distress. She was
caught in a heavy gale in the channel
and lost some of her spars. Two of her
crew were injured.
The British ship Muskoka Is minus ten
of her crew. On her arrival Captain
Crowe would not allow the boarding
house runners aboard nor would he give
the men shore liberty. The sailors waited
their chance and when a gasoline launch
approached the vessel ten of them threw
their bags overboard and then jumped
after them. They were picked up by the
launch and thus got ashore.
The Norwegian ship Pleione Is tinder
charter to load redwood at Eureka for
Australia. Yesterday morning when Cap
tain Abrahamson went on deck he found
fix of his men gone. "A good riddance"
was the only comment he made on the oc
currence. The Pleione will be towed to
Eureka. The captain will have no diffi
culty in petting a new crew there.
Water Front Note*.
The Fearless will load lumber at Falrhaven
for Shanghai, 42s 6d, chartered prior to ar
rival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship Enterprise recently pur
chased by Captain Matson and others for
the Hilo trade is to be entirely remodeled.
Her Panama cargo has been discharged
and to-day she will go to the iron works
for an overhauling. Passenger accommoda
tion is to be built, an electric light and
refrigerating plant put in and numerous
other alterations made. When completed
the Enterprise will be one of the most
comfortable vessels on the coast.
Tlie Enterprise to Ba Remodeled.
Four coal-laden vessels bound for this
port were yesterday added to the over
due fleet. Ctae of then is the well-known
four-maeted baxk Afon Alaw.- She is now
332 days out from Swansea and the under
writers are payins 8 per cent to reinsure
their risks. Captain Thomas has been com
ing to this port for years and never met
with a mishap, so his friends are not wor
rying. He was master of the bark Meri
onette when she made the record run of
ninety-seven days from Swansea, but he
has never been able to make a quick pas
cage in the Afon Alaw.
The French barks La Tour d'Auvergne,'
149 days out from Swansea; Edward De
tallle. 151 days our from Cardiff, and the
Ar.ne de Bretaigne, 142 days out from Car
diff, are also quoted at 8 per cent. Fears
are also entertained for the Chilean bark
Antoinette, row out 142 days from Che
rnalnus. B. C, for Antofogaeta; for the.
little schooner Helen, now out eightv-five
days from San Diego, for Alaska, and the
Fhip Indiana, now out forty-three days
from Bristol Bay. for San Francisco.
What makes it look bad for the Antoi
nette is the fact that the schooner Fred J.
Wood, which left Chemalnus over two
months after her, arrived at Antofogasta
yesterday.
The Helen was built at Sausallto to take
a party of gold hunters to Nome. As
soon as the boat g-ot outside a storm came
tip and she was driven down the coast.
She made San Diego leaking a.nd after be
ing repaired, made another start, from
which time nothing has been heard of her.
The Indiana is a doubtful quantity. &ie
is supposed to have sailed from Bristol
Bay forty-three days ago, but something
may have detained her.
More Overdue Vessels.
The new rule will affect the employes
in the offices of the Auditor, Tax Collec
tor, Board of Public Works, Police De
partment, Fire Department, Board of
Klection Commissioners and Board of
Health.
The commission will hold a competitive
examination under civil service rules for
draughtsmen for the 13ure:iu of Engineer
ing November 13 and 14. and for engineer's
and Surveyor's office assistants November
7. Applicants will be examined in mathe
matics, drawing and field work. A com
plete course in an engineeringr school of
approved standing will be equivalent to
two years of general experience.
While the charter does not specifically
provide that civil service employes are
prohibited from taking part in politics, a
section gives the commission the power
to make rules to carry out the purposes
of its administration. After any proposed
rule has been printed for distribution the
employes are amtnable to it and a viola
tion is deemed just cause for dismissal.
This decision on ths part of the com
mission will come as a surprise to the
employes who were making a canvass for
their frien4s who have been nominated
ior office. The dictum of the commission
will be so worded that civil service em
ployes must refrain from taking an in
terest in any candidacy under pam of dis
missal. ' »
The municipal Civil Service Commission
is preparing to explode a bombshell in
the camp of city employes who were ap
pointed under its rules from the eligible
lists. The commission will shortly Issue
an order that no city official who holds
Ills place under civil service shall take
part in politics or meddle in the campaign
::i the interest of any particular candi
date.
Clerks Taken From Eligible
List Are Not to Engage
in Campaign.
The battleship Wisconsin and the cruis
er Philadelphia are both expected here
next week. The former, with Rear Ad
miral Casey aboard, is coming from Puget
Sound, while the cruiser is returning
after having taken the San Diego Naval
Militia out for a practice cruise. On his
arrival here Bear Admiral Casey will
transfer his flag to the Philadelphia and
will start for Panama. At the isthmus
he will again transfer his flag to the
Iowa and will go to Pago Pago in that
vessel. Admiral Casey will be head of
the court appointed to try (Sommander
Benjamin F. Tilley of the Abarenda,
naval governor of Tutuila, for "conduct
unbecoming an officer and a gentleman."
The Philadelphia will remain at Panama
and the Wisconsin at San Francisco until
Admiral Casey's' return.
Commander Tilley is now in the United
States, but will return to Pago Pago on
the naval transport Solace, which is
scheduled to rfail from here on the 15th
inst. If he does not go on the Solace
he will be a passenger on the mail steam
ship Sonoma, which sails on the 24th inst.
The Solace will take down to Pago Pago
a lot of anchors, chains and general
stores to the naval station. These were
to have gone on the schooner Ju}ia E.
Whalen, but at the last moment the Gov
ernment countermanded the order and
put the Solace in commission.
Cruiser Will Start for the Isthmus
Some Time Next "Week.
PHILADELPHIA; FOR PANAMA.
IN another week or so there will bo
an amalgamation of shipping inter
ests that will be the strongest ever
known in the history of the 'port.
The Steamship Managers' Associa
tion, the Shipowners' Association and the
steam schooner owners are now practi
cally one concern and in future will gov
ern all matters pertaining to the shipping
ami paying off of ships" crews.
The formation of the Shipowners' As
soeiution dates back to the big strike of
sailors several -years ago. Since that time
the members of the association have
shipped and paid off their men in the
office of the association. The Steamship
Managers' Association was formed a few
months ago as the result of certain de
mands made by the Sailors' Union. The
steam echooner owners are the latestr ad
dition to the compact.
Members of the three different bodies
held informal talks, and finally a meeting
was called for last Wednesday. There
were present at it J. R. Hanify of J. R.
Hanify & Co. and C. A. Hooper of C. A.
Hooper & Co., representing the steam
schooner owners; Captain Goodall of
Goodall. Perkins & Co. and E. R. Di
mond of 'Williams, Diraond & Co., repre
senting the Steamship Managers' Asso
ciation, and Henry E. Pennell of the
Simpson Lumber Company and Captain
Goodman of Alexander & Baldwin, repre
senting the Shipownt-rs' Association.
After considerable discussion the steam
schooner owners decided to ' join the
Steamship Managers' Association, but for
the time being will ship all their men
through the Shipowners' Association.
That is as far as the matter has gone at
present, but on the 15th inst., when an
other meeting is to be held, the chances
are that all three concerns will amalga
mate and form a large central associa
tion.
Civil Service Board to
Issue an Order to
Employes.
The Steam Schooner People Have Cast in Their Lot With the
Parent Association, and a Meeting Will Be Held Next Tuesday
to Consider the Amalgamation of All the Shipping Interests
MUST NOT MIX
IN POLITICS
COMBINE OF STEAMSHIP MANAGERS
AND SHIPOWNERS OF PACIFIC COAST
United Statos»»..Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High . and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
I^OTE} — The high and low waters occur at
the city front . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, IVIoon and Tide.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 12.
Sun rises 6:15
Bun Bets , 5:3S
Moon Beta (new) 0:00 p. m.
(Time Tlmel Time Time
Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. i- Ft.
LW HW LW HW
u7.. 4:40 "Ti 11:12 5.6 6:24 oTi '.."..7. TTTTT
HW LW HW LW
13 ... 0:11 4.7 6:12 2.0 11:40 6.6 6:00 0.3
U ... 0:58 4.6 5:44 2.3 12:04 5.5 6:39 0.3
15 ... 1:44 4.4 6:15 2.6 12:30 5.4 7:17 0.3
16 ... 2:30 4.3 6:60 8.0 1:01 6.2 8:00 0.3
17 ... 3:21 4.2 7:31 3.2 1:32 6.0 8:45 0.4
18 ... 4:16 4.2 8:26 8.2 2:19 4.9 9:36 0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives .the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the noundlngs on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
BlKn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from, the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
tho lower low watera. - .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Titania Nanalmo |Oct. 12
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 12
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 13
Homer Humboldt Oct. 13
Progreso Seattle Oct. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 14
Kureka Humboldt ...". Oct. 14
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 14
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla., puget Sound Ports Oct. It
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 14
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 13
America Maru China and Japan Oct. 15
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.... Oct. IS
Australia :. Tahiti Oct. 16
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 16
Matteawan.... Tacoma Oct. 16
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. 17 i
Kunta Kosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 17
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 18
3 J olnt Arena... Point Arena Oct. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Leelanaw New York via Panama Oct. 20
Loa Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 21
Alliance .'. Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 12.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 28
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
October 13.
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
i'cmt Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 14.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
October 15.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orfd. 4 pm Pier 13
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 1G.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
October 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Kival Wlllapa Harbor 5th St.
Corona Redondo & Way.. 11 am Pier 11
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
October 18.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
October 19.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 38
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Humboldt Bkaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Dirigo Skafjuay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 16
City nf Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
License Taxes on Street Cars.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
recommended yesterday that a resolution
be adopted by the board directing the
Market Street Railway Company to fur
nish information regarding the cost of
construction of its various lines. The in
formation is desired in connection with
the proposed ordinance to raise the license
tax on street cars. '
IIAVRE-Arrived Oct 11— Stmr la, Cham
paTre, from New York,
, HIOGO— Sailed Oot ID— Stm* Hyson, from
Hlofro. for Hongrkong, ato, and London,
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 11— Btmr Anchoria.
from Glasgow, for New Yorbj Btmr Australas
ian, from Liverpool, for Montreal, •
LIVERPOOL— Balled Oct 11— Stmr 'Cevie, for
New York. \u25a0
SOUTHAMPTON— Balled Oct 11— Btmr Fuerst
Bismarck., from Hamburg, for New York, Vlai
Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Balled Oct 11— Stmr Fuerst
OCEAN STEAMERS,
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 9— Gar chip Najftde,
from Oresron,
CENTRAL AMERICA— Arrived B«pt 24—Oer
Btmr Hathor, from Hamburg, for Son Fran
cisco, Sept 25— Ger etmr BescitriB, from Hara
burgr, for Ban Francisco,
CORK — Arrived Oct 8 — Br bark Invenrarry,
herce May 30.
CALLAO— Sailed Sept *7— Br bark Beech
dale, tor Royal Roads.
BHIELDS-Saileti Oct 0-Br (Bhip Arctic
Btreom, fop Port Lea Angeles,
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sept W—Qer Btmr
Hermonlhls, for Haroburov
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Oct fr-Bark
Mohican, hence Sept 17,
VANCOUVER,' B C— Arrived Oct S- Br ptmr
CrureJer, from Singapore,
FRASEH RIVER— Loaded and ready tew «ea
pliout Oct 0— Br phin Largfl Law, foj> Liver
pool} Bf ship Blythsswood, for Liverpool ; Dan
bark Havila, for LJyerooo*,
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 6— Ner ptrar Horda,
from Ladysmitn, to fee drvdoclied tor repairs,
ANTOFOGASTA— Arrived Oct lt-Schr Fred
3 Wood, from FiUrheven,
ELEELE— Arrived Sept 29— Bktn Echo, from
Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 11— Schr Ida Mc-
Kay, for Eureka; schr Excelsior, for Port
Blakeley; schr E K "Wood, for Falrhaven.
Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Luella, from Bowens
Landing.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Grays Harbor,
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Oct 11— Schra
Corona and H D Bendixsen. from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 11— Bchr Luzon, from
Santa Rosalia.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr City of Se
attle and etmr City of Topeka, for Skairuay;
btmr Queen, for Nome; Btmr Meteor, for Hono
lulu. Oct 11 — Nor bark Cara, for Queenstown.
Balled Oct 11— Ship St James, for Blalne.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Oct 11— Btmr Me
teor, from Seattle, for Honolulu,
Passed In Oct 11— Stmr Matteawan. hence
Oct 8, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 11— Btmrs San Pedro
and South Coast, henca Oct 6; utmr Alliance,
hence Oct ID.
Balled Oct 11— Etmr Pomona, for Ban Fran
cluco; etmr Lakme, for San Pedro; stmr Noyo,
for Hutneme.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka,
Palled Oat 11— Br stmr Milton and »tmr
Chico, for Ban Francisco,
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Rival,
for Ban Francisco,
ASTORIA— Balled Oct ft— Schr Lena. Swea
eey, for Pan Francisco, .
Balled Oct ll—Ger snip Mabel Rickmers, for
Quecnstown.
WHATCOM— Sailed Oct lir-Btair Rainier, for
San Francisco, t \u25a0
BOWEN8 LANDING— Balled Oct Jl^Stmr
Navftrro, for San Francisco, .
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 11— Btmr Arcata, for
San FrancUco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind KW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON, Oct 10 — Br ship Laomene, from
Antwerp for Port Los Aneeles, returned and
anchored at Deal, damaged and two men in
jured in a cale.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Friday, October U.
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood, Nanalmo.
Stmr Eureka., Jeeeen. Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, Crescent City.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, .
Stmr-Acme, Lundquist, .
Schr Glendale, Falk, Tacoma.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr South Portland, Sears. Seattle.
Stmr Ruth, Andiindsen. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Bark Undaunted, DavidBon, Oyster Harbor.
Bark Annie Johnson, Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Commerce, Butcnshen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Rio Rey, Hagernah, .
Schr Viking, Mortensen, Mazatlan.
Schr Gen Bannlne, Bannerwltz. .
Schr Monterey. Panzer, Coos Bay.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Coca Bay.
Schr Gotama, Semsen, Mendocino.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, .
Friday, October 11.
Stmr South Portland, Sears, Seattle; Goodall,
Perkirv* & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Royalist, Tierney, St Vincent; G W
McNear.
Bark Annie Johnson. "Williams. Honolulu; J
D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 11.
Btmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 1G hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Newark; Crangle, 14 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 12 hours from
Moss Land inc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey, etc. .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mindocino.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, 92 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Ruth, Andflndsen. 44 hours from Re
dondo.
6tznr Robert Dollar, Bllefsen, 40 hours from
Port Los Anjeles.
Stmr Signal, Bendeeard. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
bdls shooks, 33 cs stationery, 242 cs salmon, 517
bdls steel and iron, S66 lbs tea, 34 pigs tin,
4500 gals whale oil, 119 gals 35 cs whisky, 7
pkgs wagon material, 11.301 gala wine.
On Thursday evening, October 24, at Na
tive Sons' Hall, there will be an enter
tainment and social in aid of Holy Cross
Church. The _ San Francisco Operatic
Society will render for the first time in
San Francisco the opera, "Spectre
Knight." with the following cast:
Grand Duke Mr. A. F. Schleicher
Lord Chamberlain Mr. E. M. Moore
Otho, another Grand Duke (Spectre
Knight) Mr. Harry "Wood Brown
First Lady in "Waiting. Miss E. Rutherford
Second Lady in Waiting
I : — Mrs. Emily Parent
Viola Mrs. Alvina Heuer Willson
Preceding the opera Mr. H. Poheim will
render a selection on the violin, Mr. W.
J. Hynes will entertain with some of his
selections and Mr. Leo Cooper will recite
"The Shadow of a Song." The floor will
be under the direction of' Mr. James Lay
don. The price of tickets is fifty cents
and twenty-five cents extra for reserved
seats, and the latter may be secured at
the parochial residence, 1S18 Eddy street;
Gallagher Bros., IS McAllister street, and
on October 23 and 24 at Native Sons' Hall.
Holy Cross Entertainment.
Madame Frances Prill, who gives her
occupation as a teacher, was arrested yes
terday by Policeman Edwards on a. war
rant charging her with defrauding an inn
keeper. She at once gave bonds for her
release. The complaining witness was F.
L. Skaggs, secretary of the St. Nicholas
Hotel Association. He alleged that Ma-
Paid Bill After Being Arrested.
The Grand Jury returned three indict
ments yesterday. The first was against
"Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper, or Ernest
Chadwick, the liberated jailbird, who was
recently sentenced by Judge Lawlor to
ten years' imprisonment at San Quentln.
The Grand Jury had already returned one
indictment against Cooper, but it proved
defective. The new arraignment is on a
charge. of perjury in having testified that
he had given certain telegrams in Ogden
to Miss Norine Schneider. Cooper's ball
was fixed at $5000 on the new charge.
The other indictments were against
Leonard Nott and C. Roland, two strikers,
who took the star, club and pistol away
from a special policeman on the water
front. The charge in each case was rob
bery. Bail was fixed at $500.
"Sir" Harry West-wood Cooper, Re
cently Convicted, Must Answer
Charge of Perjury.
GRAND JURY RETURNS
THEEB INTXECTMENTS
"It is a wonder that the Southern Pa
cific Company has not made this rule be
fore. In the East none but those pur
chasing overland tickets are allowed to
board the train. Many people complain
about the Southern Pacific Company, but
coming right down to bare facts it is one
of the most lenient roads in America."
There will bo wailing and gnashing of
teeth over a new order of the Southern
Pacific* Company which went Into effect
yesterday. In the futre only those with
transportation will bo allowed on over
land trains.
It has been the custom of friends of
those going East to make the trip to the
Oakland mole and ride on the overland
trains as far as the Sixteenth-street sta
tion with them. In the same way it is
the custom to go to the same depot and
ride with friends coming from the East
to the mole on their return trip.
Superintendent Frazler issued an order,
which went into effect yesterday, allow
ing only those who carry overland tickets
to ride on overland trains, and in the fu
ture friends of travelers will have to be
satisfied with saying a farewell at the
Oakland mole.
A prominent railroad official, in speak
ing, of the new order, said:
Privilege of Going to Six
teenth Street Is Abol
ished.
Only Ticket Holders Can
Ride on Overland
Trains.
ADIEUS MUST
END AT MOLE
Tanner of fasting fame, now 68 years
old, hail challenged, the brewers of Denver
to a faetlne contest. Six men are to drink
beer only and he is to drink water. The
brewers have agreed to the contest.
Another large shipment of our superior
gold plate clocks, \u25a0:« candelabra, candle
sticks, candle vases, fleurea, ornaments,
etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. *
More of Them.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. a N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, Cal.,
October 11, 1901.
Tha Tlm« Ball on tha tower of the Ferry
building; wno dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1, e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p, m., Greenwich mean time. " • - .
J. B. milton,
nontenant. Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1901.
7
J. Pierpont Morgan — the How I Came to Be in 165
Man. Battles.
BY MOPRISON PIXLEY. BY ARTHIH S. KITCHEN,
.". .....---- _- " - " M '""."' T \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0niimiiiiiiBHiiwi . " ill
The First Installment of
The Greatest Novel Written in Years
WILL APPEAR SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13,
Cd?estCo':lege"Frat"in The Girls of the Famous
America Is in California. "Florodora" Sextet.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT I
The MASKED BALL
Matinee To-day, and Sunday Night,
N4BUCCO
MONDAY. October 14 "VERDI NIGHT"
Next Week— "Ernanl" and "Cavalleria" and
"I Pasllacci."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 7So
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT,
SUNDAY NIGHT
AND \u2666 •
ALL NEXT WEEK.
GREATEST gSsHil HITS!
CATCHY MUSIC!
DIALOGUE THAT IS WATT II
October 21— STUART ROBSON In "THI
HENRIETTA."
Belasco & Thall, Managers. , , ;
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Wm. Gillette's Comedy, •"•".
Too iocii Johnson.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
BOUND TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
NEXT WEEK— "THE GIRL Kf THS BAB-
RACKS."
Seats on gale 8 days In advance; .\u25a0 r -».'^
BElASCO^oTrfAZCS^jiRSr
To-morrow.
W -m gy «•"» To-night and
I Si? h! 1 The'Power'ful
pnFrtc Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50o
riUCEj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Monday— John A. Stevens" Successful
Drama, "WIFE FOR WIFE."
CHUTES and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
HARRY HARMON, '
THE WORLD'S GREATEST HIGH DIVKB.
, SPECIAL -TO-NlBHT-f ;
INTERNATIONAL CAKEWALK.
• S ' ,. Telephone for Seats Parjt 33.
STEAMER EXCURSION TO
VALLEJO!
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1901.
The Elegant Passenger Steamer
GENERAL FR SBIE
Will leave pier 2. Mlsslcn-st. Dock, at 9:43 a. nt.
Returning leaves Vallejo at 4:15 p. m. Due In
the city at 6 p. m.
The celebrated Independence Marine Band
will give one of their famous open air concerts
on Vallejo 1 s public band stand from 2 to 4.
FARE ROUND TRIP. 73c.
HATCH BROS.
BASEBALL. ~
SAN FRAMOSCO vs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT- 2x30 P. M.
RECREATION FARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
_-_-_._,_ ,.,,.. t
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROTV.
KABEWELIi TWO NIGHTS OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy,
POPULAR PRICES .....'... 10c. lac. 25c. 60c. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT "WEEK.. .."THE LITTLE MINISTER"
Herschel Mayall as Gavin Dishart. The Little
Minister.
Reappearance After an Illness of Several
Weeks of Laura. Nelson Hall as Lady Babbie.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— EXTRA! §
REMEMBER THE DATE I 0
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Oct. IT. g
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE, be- fj
Sinning at 1 o'clock. p
THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT 1
In aid of the CHARITY FUND of the H
Associated Theatrical Managers 1
OF SAN FRANCISCO. B
Half of the gross receipts to be devoted H
to the Q
McKINLEY MEMORIAL FUND. I
Monster Programme. 1
BEST ATTRACTIONS FROM EVERY \u25a0
THEATER. H
Reserved Seats, $1 and J2. Boxes, $20, H
$35 and $50. Q
Sale will begin at the Grand Opera- R
house box office Monday morning at 9 H
o'clock. |a
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. Oct. 13.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
New Vaudeville Brilliants !
Sisters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Keaton,
"Wilfred Clarke and Co. and the
Biograph. Last times of Belle
Thome, Boyce and Wilson, Madge
Fox and the Svengalis.
LAST TIMES— MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-
NIGHT. .
HERRMANN
THE GRE/\T,
Accompanied by
McWatters and Tyson and Company.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
MASON AND MASON,
In Geo. H. Broadhursfs Newest Musical
Comedy Success.
"RUDOLPH and ADOLPH"
PRETTY GIRLS, NEW MUSIC, CATCHY
SONGS.
, UP TO THE MINUTE.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALHAMBRA.
. THE MUSICAL EVENT.
EIGHT NIGHTS. Commencing TO-MORROW
. . (SUNDAY) EVENING.
Matinees Tuesday^ Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday.
Messrs. EHInghouse and Oppenhelmer announce
the appearance of
MR. CHANNING ELLEBT'S
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
50 — - ARTISTS 50
SIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director.
Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILI. Soprano,
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN. Harpist
Friday Evening— "CREATORE" Night.
Special popular niglit— Farewell — Sun.. -Oct. 20.
PRICES — 50c. 75c. $1. Box seats, $1 50. * Seats
now ready at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a .Music
Store. Alhambra Theater Box Office. Sunday,
October 13. ; . L^s.
FISCHER'S .CONCERT HOUSE.
riOOnCn. O ; Admission lOc.
Silvia Peurarl. , Val Vousden. Volkyra. - Sid-
ney Smith, Robel Simms, Sam Holdsworth,
Wateon, Davenport and Hamilton; Bartelmese
and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SHERMAN, CLAV & C'\ HALL.
; TO-NIGHT ONLY. MAUD MILLER and her
players will present Joaquin Miller's drama.
"THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS." Violin
80I03 by BERNH ARD WALTHER. Reserved
seats at box office— 25c, 50c and 75c. For bene-
fit of United Moderns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The Ma| tedCereaisCaT\ \
i sir "8
I §§p!f! jff
33 •••oil* •"•«'«« 1,^; *'+'%'\u25a0 & <\u25a0
E?" IHfM/m i> i i«'*V' &'
I [s**2SS2ssff Ca i^jl
CONTAINS
All the Virtues of Malt
All the Strength of Wheat
Recommended by
FOOD EXPERTS
NOTED CHEFS
THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
ALL FIRST-CLASS GROCERS
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a cdktury these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. ' Guests enter- .
tained on the American or European
plan. ,
GRAND HOTEL.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
SUTRO 15 ATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 ar- m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlntr from 7 a. in. to 10:30 p.m.
Admission 10c. Children. 5c. . -
Bathing including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
CorriuanT mt ir tm« proctor * o«m»h co. ciwomwATi
Ip^jhe blackness of Monday is f or-
|yj| gotten when the housekeeper
I^SI views on Tuesday the snow-
drift of linen that has been washed
white with Ivory Soap» It floats^Edward Wilson, manager for Kid Car
ter, deposited $500 with Harry Corbett
yesterday to guarantee the appearance of
nls. m&n in th« ring next Tuesday night,
walcott's forfeit has not been < posted,
walentt is favorite, the prevallng odds
being 10 to 6.
Walcott Installed Favorite.
Playing Cards and Poker Chips.
We have by far the latest assortment of
playing cards, poker chips, dice, game
counters and tally cards in the city. Price
rifrht on everything. Sanborn, Vail & Co ,
741 ai&rket street. •
As soon as the first heavy rain shall
have softened tHe ground so that scent
will lie and the jumping be not too dan
gerous to horse and rider the San Mateo
Hunt Club will .resume its activity. At a
dinner recently given at the Burlingame
Country Club the sum of $2400 was sub
scribed, which 1b more than enough to
cover the expenses "of the season.
As Francis J. Carolan, the master of
the hunt, will not return to San Francisco
until the end of next February J. J.
Moore will hunt the pack. There are
thirty-eight couples of hounds fit for ser
vice, this number including the ten
couples imported last year from Ireland,
but not including puppies. The club is in
a flourishing condition, both as regard3
finances and numbers, the thirty members
of last season having increased to sixty.
As soon as the ground is soft enough to
afford good going a programme of events
will be prepared and issued to the mem
bers by the secretary. • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0••
Hunt Club Membership Has Doubled
Since Last Season and Grreat
Sport Is Expected.
HOUNDS WILL SOON BE
HEARD NEAR SAN MATEO
The Futurity, for 2-year-old trotters purse
$5000— Oxtrrd Boy won the second and fourth
heats in 2:22, 2:291 Orace Eldred won -the third
heat in 2:17; Pattle Mac won the first heat in
2:20%. Gail Hamilton, Olive, The Rajah, Chesko
and Baron Wilkes also started.
2:16 class, trotting, purse $1000— Willie Glenn
won three straight heats. Best time, 2:11%
Alica Carr. Mabel, Unabelle. Sally Simpson,
Marion Wilkes. Escorba. Johnny Moloch Klon
dike. Alice Russell, Mary D, Neighbor Girl and
Alice Frazier also started.
The Wilson stake. 2:20 class, pacing, purse
$2000— Audubon Boy won three straight heats.
Best time. 2:06%. Dr. Monical, New Richmond,
Tommy Mac. Cambria Maid and Frazier also
started.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 1L— Lawson's
Oxford Boy won the two-year-old trotting
Futurity to-day after a hard struggle
with Grace Eltlred, Charles Marvin's en
try. The pace was too swift for the ma
jority of the youngsters, and at the finish
of the third heat there were only two left.
Accordingly the son of Red (Jlute took
first, third and fourth money. - .
The $2000 Wilson stake, 2:20 class pac
ing, was won in straight heats by Audu
bon Boy, the favorite. He was fought to
the wire in each heat by Dr. Monical and
New Richmond, being forced to lower the
record for the stake three-quarters of a
second in the first heat, and covered the
other two miles in the remarkable time
of 2:07% and 2:08&. Summary:
2:18 class, pacing, purse $2000 (unfinished from
Thursday)— Dan Rtley won the second, flftn
and sixth heats; Pinchem Wilkes won the third
and fourth heats; Louise C won tile first heat.
Time of sixth heat, 2:12»4.
2:28 class, trotting, purse $1000— Gal bater won
three straight heats. Beet time. 2:12%. Cozad,
Yarrnm. Cardlman. Windsor, Miss Nanney and
King Humbert also started.
OXFORD BOY THE WINNER.
Favorite Takes tiio Wright Handicap
in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— Seven races
were run off at Agricultural Park to-day,
only one of which was for harness horses.
McKenna took that, the 2:29 trot, in
straight heaU after losing the first to
Nora McKlnney. - The Wright handicap
at two miles went' to L-izella, who has
shown fine form and consistent running
during the present meeting. Meehanus
was a strong favorite for the five and a
half furlongs and won easily. Weather
fine; track and attendance, good. Re
sults:
2:25 trot— $700: \u25a0
McKenna, by McKinney-Btta Wilkes
(Ward) 2 111
Nora McKinney (Bunch) 1 2 8a
Una K (Maben) :3 3-2 2
Our Rex (Albertson) Dis
Time-2:16%, 2:17%. 2:17^, 2:20.
Two miles, Wright handicap— Llzzella 117
(Ransch), 2 to 5, won; Rey de San Juan 106
(Sef-). 2 to 1, second; Cue 100 (Alexander), 6
to*l. third. Time. 3:28.
Six furlongs— Katherine Ennis 95 (Ransom) 4
to 1, won; Fine Shot 107 (Burlingame), 2 to 1,
second; El Rey 105 (Ransch), 5 to 2, thirds
Time, 1:13^. Bob Palmer also ran. -
Four and a half furlongs, two-rear-olds—
Porcus 122 (Hoar), even, won; Sol 108 (Ransch)
4 to 1, second; Gypsy Bfy 108 (See), 3 to 1,
third. Time, :55%. Irma A and Silva Cruz
also ran.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Meehanus
120 (Ruiz), 1 to 2, won; Mike Rice 107 (Rome
ro), 6 to 1, second; Miss Vera 109 (See), 2 to 1
third. Time, 1:07.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Alicia 109
(Ransch),- 3 to 5, won; El Oriente 100 (Ran
fom), 3 to 1, second; Grady 103 (Hoar), 5 to 1
third. Time, l:47 l i. Fineesse and Castaine
aleo ran.
Five furlongs, selling— Lou Clleveden 109
(Ranech), 7 to 2. won; Glencoe 1C9 (Romero) 5
to 1,- second; Gilt Edge 1C9 (Burlingame), 7 to I
2, third. Time, 1:09. Gold Baron, Heraldo anu
Gracias also ran. . |
LIZELLA HOME IN FRONT.
John Grace, who judged the coursing
for the American Waterloo cup at St.
Louis last Saturday by special invitation,
arrived home last night. He will resume
his position in the saddle to-day at Union
Courslnsr Park.
Judge John Grace Returns.
The Oljmplc Athletic Club eleven will
meet the Stanford team this afternoon on
the Sixteenth and Folsom streets groui-ds.
This will be the first appearance in the
city of the Olympic team. A large dele
gation of club members is expected to
cheer on Captain Cadwalader and the
wearers of the Avinged "O."
The University of California football
eleven will play its second game of this
season with the Reliance Athletic Club
team this afternoon on the .college cam
pus, Berkeley. Both teams are ir: better
condition than when they played two
weeks ago. At that time neither scored.
The line-up will be as follows:
California. Positions. Reliance.
Gendotti Center ....Fleck
Overall Kight guard Krskine
Stow Left guard Weirs
Kraly Right tackle Hamilton
Albertson Lett tackle Collins
Womble Right end. McNevin
Uibblee Left end Dinsmore
Hudson Quarter Platt
AV'hipple Right half Wilson
Mini Left half Varney
l->uden Fullback ....Atkinson
Graduate • Manager , Decoto has re
ceived a communication from the Univer
sity of Oregon canceling the game which
was to hnve been played on the campus
on November 2 between Oregon and Cali
fornia. An eleven from the cruiser Phil
adelphia has been secured to till the date.
Oreijon refused the game on account of
the loss of time and the heavy expense
of the trip.
Then they came into the stretch again,
and the runner pushed the stallion a lit
tle harder, Ketcham calling on him to
even greater exertions, and finally Bwun?
the whip over his back, careful, however,
that not even the snapper touched the
velvety skin. The horses went under the
wire in 2:09%, which is the fastest miie
ever trotted on a half mile track.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 11.— Cresceus this
afternoon lowered the world's trotting
record on a half-mile track a quarter of
a second. The record was previously held
by himself, having been made on the lo
ledp track a year ago. It was 2:09%. He
trotted for the benefit of the charitable
institutions of the city and more than
40,000 people gathered to see him. The re
ceipts were $18,000.
Cresceus got a very slow start, and Mike
the Tramp, the running mate, led Cresceus
to the first turn, when he pulled out and
Crebccus swung in the trail. With the run
ner at the wheel Cresceus buckied down to
the work in hand. On they went in the
same relative positions and they passed
the quarter in j2Vi. As he made the turn
into the home stretch for the first hiilf
mile there was deafening applause from
the throng, but Cresceus only increased his
speed. They flashed under the wire at the
half just one minute and four and a half
secoiids after the word had been given.
The three-quarter pole was reached at
O'Brien showed clever blocking and ring
generalship, but did not have the force to
give a knockout blow at any time. He
worked at Turner's stomach during the
entire , fight, but the colored fighter-was as
fresh at the close as his white opponent.
The only knockdown in the fight was in
the eighteenth round, when Turner
slipped and O'Brien caught him a short
left in the stomach. The colored boy took
the count. Turner's mistake was in lay
ing up the first six rounds in an effort to
protect his friends, who bet on the second
line. In that time O'Brien obtained a big
lead on points.
STOCKTON, Oct. ll.-At the close of
twenty hot rounds, Referee Ed Smith of
the Reliance Club, Oakland, to-night gave
Jack O'Brien of New York the decision
'over Rufe Turner, the Stockton fighter.
The men fought at 133 pounds and gave
a pretty battle from start to finish, with
honors even, according to general' opinion,
but the referee decided for O'Brien. Tur
ner laid back the first six rounds and
made a waiting fight, with O'Brien bor
ing in at all times. After the sixth it
was give and take.
Wins Prom Rufe Turner
in a Hot Fight in
Stockton.
Olympic Eleven's First
Appearance on the
Home Grounds.
NEW YORK. Oct. ll.-The contest for
the women's national amateur golf cham
pionship will he finished to-morrow be
tween Miss Gentvieve Hecker of the Es
sex County Club. Orange, N\ J., and Miss
U 7 H A C J7 on , of th * e Clncl nnatl Country
Club. After four days' play these two
have survived out of the eighty-four play-
SF? wh T ° enter «d the contest last Tuesday
Miss Hecker is the metropolitan amateur
champion and is well known in Eastern
golfing circles, while Miss Herron has
surprised every one here by her brilliant
play, being comparatively unknown as a
tip-topper at the game in this section.
The semi-finals for the consolation eun
were fairly well contested. Miss Hurlburt
of Morris Count y beating Miss Elsie Cas
satt of Philadelphia by two up and one
to play, and Miss Elizabeth B. Porter of
Boston defeating Miss Ethel Burrell of
Cincinnati by six up and five to play
Miss Hurlburt and Miss Porter will meet
to-morrow In the final round for the con
solation immediately following the match
for the principal honors.
Contest for Golf Championship.
«r£ * £ ?f ' u day !r Se ," ln «f Hurdle Race, one
and a half miles— Kufa wen. Mi ?s Mitchell
eeeond. Ferocious third. Time Saut flmcne "
s . econ <* race. , the Nasturtium Handlcai. six
and a half furlongs-Pentecost won, Grail sec
ond. Irnitor third. Time i-*o sec
e i? hl f^, r^~; t S e F i. Ort Schu >» e «-' selling stakes,
C#ttSCS£i3?: Potente second -
Fourth race, six furlonrs-Cauphnavratra
Blanket second. Early Eve third Time!
Fifth race, one mile— Collesrian won. Tour
second. Miss Almy third. Time. 1:4!U
Sixth race, the Grandstand Handlcan. one
mile and an eichth— Hernando won, Dublin
eeeond. Decanter third. Time. 1:5*. i/UDUn
f S^^n3^- =df — :
x^l Xt X^? e^ Seven f " rIon & s . eellins-Bendaia
Tion, Our Lady second, Boot third Time ISO
maryf T ° RK> ° Ct - n ~X°*™ Park 'sum'
•tfS£ B^^r^«&™**™*. Cros
mliy: L0UIS ' ° Ct - U - Fair G ™^' sum
118^'
r ma%^^Sf- S
gssi
CHICAGO, Oct. Il-Worth summary:
HACING IN THE EAST.
"World's Trotting Time
• on Half-Mile Track
Surpassed.
O'BRIEN GIVEN
THE DECISION
The San Francisco Yacht Club will hold
a regatta to-morrow for small sailing
craft having -a racing length not exceed
ing twenty-five feet. Any yacht within
this limit belonging to any of the clubs
on the bay may enter for the race on its
captain presenting a certificate of meas
urement signed by the measurer of the
club in which it is enrolled. If it is found
necessary the yachts will be divided into
two classes, a prize being awarded In
each class. The course will begin and
finish off the clubhouse at Sausalito, but
Its exact direction will be settled by the
committee to-morrow, according to the
direction of the wind. The race will be in
charge of the regatta committee of the
San Francisco Yacht Club and wlli start
at 11:30 a. m. It will be wholly In view
of spectators en the clubhouse wharf or
verandah.
Trial of Speed for Prizes Offered
by San. Franciscos.
Twenty-Five-Footers Will Engage in
MOSQUITO YACHT FLEET
TO RACE AT SAUSALITO
FOOTBALL TEAMS
WILL PLAY HERE
Mr. Leake responded to Captain Ahrens'
address. The resolutions are executed in
colored inks and are fine examples of the
penman's art.
greater interest in the results than is now
apparent. They would be successful be
yond measure. All we can hope for is
that they follow the good example of the
California press, and particularly that of
The Call.
FAST CRESCEUS
LOWERS RECORD
IN RECOGNITION of the valuable
and accurate reports made in The
Call during the late National Bundes
Shooting Festival, a committee of the
organization composed of Captain N.
Ahrens, Captain F. A. Kuhls, F. P.
Schussler and J. D. Heise, presented W.
S. Leake, manager of The Call, a beau
tifully engrossed series of resolutions last
evening. The resolutions .express the
thanks of the committee for the assist
ance given by The Call.
Captain Ahrens, in presenting the reso
lutions, said that to the press was due
the great success of the festival.
"If "the newspapers in the Eastern^
States would pay as much attention to
these national shooting festivals as have
the newspapers of San Francisco," said
Captain Ahrens, "they would create a
TESTIMONIAL PRESENTED TO THE CALL BY THE MANAGEMENT OF THE NATIONAL BUNDES SHOOTING
FESTIVAL HELD LAST JULY AT SHELL MOUND PARK IN RECOGNITION OF THE EXCELLENCE OF
THE REPORTS OF THE FESTIVAL PUBLISHED BY THIS PAPER.
The Ban Francisco men had their bat
tins' clothes on. They made sixteen hits.
Including a home run by Kordyke; a
three-bagger by Wilson, which sent two
men over the plate, and a brace of two
baggers by Pabst.
Uncle's men commenced their run get
ting in the fourth. Two fumbles by Moh
ler at second base let In two of them.
After that it seemed easy for them, as
they sent men home every Inning. They
played every department of the game In
faultless* style. The score:
OAKLAND. :
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. !
Mohler, 2b 4 0 10 13 2
I>unleavy. L f 4 0 0 0 4 10
Btreib, lb. S 0 0 0 10 © 0
Eafan, ss 3 0 0 0 16 0
Moskiman. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Babbitt, 3b..; 2 0 1 0 4 0 0 '
Croll, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Hawon. c S 1 1 1 2 1 1
Hodton, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 29 1 3 1 21 13 S
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Xordyke, c. t 5 2 3 0 4 0 0
"Wilson, c 6 12 14 0 0
Hildebrand, 1. 1..... 3 2 0 8 0 0 0
Scfcwarti, r. f 5 2 2 0 0 0 1
Pabst, lb 4 2 3 0 18 0 0
Krug. "b 4 3 10 0 5 0
Shay, ss .4 1110 3 0
Rellly, 2b 4 13 2 0 6 0
Iburg, p 5 0 10 16 0
Totals 40 13 16 7 27 18 1
RUNS AN'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 o o o o o 0 0 1—1
Base hits 0 1000000 2—3
San Francisco 00022284 •— 13 |
Base hits 12012325 •— 16
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hodson (5, Ibure 1.
Home run— Nordyke. Three-base hit— Wilson.
Two-base hits— Pabst 2. Sacrifice hit— Krug.
First base on errors— San Francisco 3. First
base on called balls-San Francisco 7. Left on
bases— Oakland 1. San Francisco lL Struck cut
—By Hcdson 1. by Iburg 4. Time of game— l:3i
T_ mrire— Rube Levy. Official ECorei^McFarlla.
Anjjeloolocs Take Another.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. ll.-Captain Reilly
was put- out of the game in the sixth in
ning- for the first time In his life. He
"kicked" against one of Harper's deci
sions. The game was full of long hits and
costly errors. Score:
LOS AN'GELES.
tt u.,, , . AB - K - BH - 6B - Po - A. B.
Hemphlll, 1. f 3 0 10 4 10
Dougherty, p. & r. f. 4 3 1 0 2 1 l
Householder, c. f....4 3 3 0 4 10
Atherton. 2b 4 2 10 0 3 0
Kihm, lb 4 2 2 0 10 1 o!
Hal!. Sb & s. s 4 0 10*21
£eilly, 3b 10 0 0 12 0
1 !, 6 - <v * i o o i o o!
McPartlin, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, s. e. & r. f.. 3 0 0 0 2 1 l
Altrock, r. I 2 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 36 11 9 o 27 12 ~3
SACRAMEXTO.
Sh-han. 3b A 0 " BH - S o B - P o °- A x - E i
Doyle, e. f 5 0 1 o 3 o n
Davis, lb 5 0 2 0 4 n n
SSS,,:-, '::-.-.:-.:::: j j j j j \ I
Total s 36 « 7 0 24 7 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
An £ eIe « 3 0 0 0 0 3 5 0 —-11
Base hits 3 0 0 0 0 3 3 0 •— 9
B C a^M. tO l 3 0 0 2 0 S 0 0-6
Base h!ts 1 3 0 0 2 0 10 0-7
SUMMARY.
on called balls-McPartlin 1, McVeelv I
Dougherty 4. Loft on bases-Lo e Anfe L *
Sacramento S. Struck out-By McPartlin I by
Plre-Harper. Official scorer-Rutherford.
The first meeting of the new board of
managers of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union was held last
night at the Olympic Club, W. B. ilinch
man of the Alameda Boat Club presiding
Since the Pacific Northwest Association
has manifested no signs of activity for
some time past It is proposed to make ap
plication to James E. Sullivan, secretary
of the Amateur Athletic Union, for per
mission to extend the jurisdiction of the
Pacific Association over the States of
Washington, Oiegon and Idaho. This will
bring the important Multnomah and Seat
tle athletic clubs into the Pacific Associa
tion. George James, Ezra W. Decoto and
W. B. Hinchman were elected delegates
to the Amateur Athletic Union. A com
munication was read from James E. Sul
livan in which it was Stated that applica
tions for reinstatement as amateurs must
be laid before the board of managers of
the Amateur Athletic Union. The cases
of Robert McArthur, H. M. Platt, E.
Stolle, F. W. Huntingdon and R. B. Cor
nell, which were erroneously acted on by
the Pacific Association, must be referred
to the parent body in the East.
• President W. B. Hinchman announced
the following committees: On registra
tion, F. F. Harris. George Lampman and
Herbert Hauser; finance,- A. H. Melletz,
M. F. Harris and P. J. Cadogan; records,
E. W. Decqto, Herbert Hauser and George
James; legislation, A. P. Rothkopf, S.
McRlrney and George Lampman; mem
bership and investigation, J. A. Geddes,
George Collopy ?nd C. A. Cantwell.
The Olympic Boat Club has withdrawn
from the Pacific Association.
Jurisdiction of Pacific Association to
Include States of Washington,
Oregon and Idaho.
AMATEUR ATHLETES
ARE EXPANSIONISTS
T. Everett boxed four busy rounds with
C. Schmelter. Neither man could hit
hard, but they tried all the time.
Candidates of various political parties
were Introduced and made short speeches.
Billy McDonald and Frank George
fougnt_four desperate rounds to a draw.
ine bout between Fred Landers and Ed
Snider was won by the former in the sec
ond round. He knocked Snider down sev
eral times.
In the first round it was apparent Kelly
was not trying his hardest. In the second
he commenced to warm up, but his oppo
nent was so awkward as to be hard to
reach. Kelly tired badly in the third and
was nearly put out. Nolan was in dis
tress, owing to lack of condition, but
proved game beyond all expectations. In
the last round Kelly freshened up a bit,
but he could not make the man in front
of him stop. This round was one of the
most sensational ever fought in the club,
where sensational fighting is the rule.
Of the eight bouts on the programme
two were draws, the remainder ending
inside of two rounds.
Referee Greggains stopped the first bout,
between Bob Ennis and Bob Mitchell
early in the second round. Mitchell
showed no knowledge of boxing, but stood
a. lot of punishment in the first round. He
had enough early in the second and went
down to avoid punishment.
Jim Sharkey and Jack Cordell fought
like a pair of animated windmills, their
arms never being at rest. Cordell showed
the most experience. He stopped his op
ponent in the second round.
Joe Rose lasted only half a minute in
rront of C. Peterson. He was knocked
down several times and finally stayed
down.
"Cyclone" Kelly stirred up a tempest
last night in the gymnasium of the San
Francisco Athletic Club. He was matched
to fight Tom Sears, but the latter did not
appear. "Bob" Nolan, an inoffensive look-
Ing boxer from Redding, was. anxious to
make his debut here and was sent into the
ring with the man who bears the danger
ous name.
San Francisco won from Oakland at
baseball yesterday by a score of 13 to 1.
This lone tally, which separated the men
from across the bay from a complete
shutout, was practically a gift. Iburg let
down his speed In the ninth and allowed
two base hits. In the other eight Innings
only one hit was secured. In these same
innings only one Oaklander reached first
base, and he did not get beyond It. The
fielding of the "Wasps was of the sharpest
character, many apparently Impossible
stops and throws to first base being made.
Iburg Lets Down in the
Ninth, Allowing One
Lone Tally.
Sensational Boxing in San
Francisco Athletic
Club Ring.
Ewing's Men Just Escape
a Heavy Coat of
Whitewash.
Conqueror of Dukelow
Is Nearly Knocked
Out.
"CYCLONE" KELLY
STIRS UP A ROW
OAKLAND EASY
FOR THE WASPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
Recognition of Legitimate Newspaper Enterprise Is Testified
to by. Committee in Charge in Beautifully Engrossed
Resolutions Presented With Befitting Words of Congratulation
PRAISE CALL FOR BEST REPORTS
OF NATIONAL SHOOTING FESTIVAL
8
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
near signature of /^~^w!
Ytsxj sxcall and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE lrADTTP'Ql F0RHEADACHE - SEE
(/Aril tRo for diizimess.
FOR BILIOUSNESS. orMMIMr
GENUINE Wivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
H Dill Q FOR CONSTIPATIOK.
WRAPPFR JLIjH for sallow skim. WRAPPER
WMArrLK | F0R THEC0MPLEX10W " nnrrun
. OENDlMi! MUSTMAVC^yeMATURt. _
25 cSits I Pnrely \u25bcegeta3>Ie.x^^»^^^*^
"FRUSTTEZ) OIST REID PAPER."
RAH. WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
NAN FKANVINCU.
(Maiu Line. Foot ot Market Street)
LKAVK — FROU OCTOEIB 6. 1301. — ABRIT»
7:OUa Benicia, Suiaun, Ehnira and 8«cra-
mento. ......••.•....•..••••••••\u25a0.. G:*^^
":OOa V»ci*illo, Wicten, Ramsey. ~;33p
li'du x MictUer., bauUuiuou, Vitllejo, I<ap», '
Calwttiga and Hanta Uo»a.". «:23p
8:O»a DiTis, Woodlaud. KnigaU Landinjr.
M»r»a»ille. «»r«»ille_ ~~_ F
S:OO* Atlautiu Kxptesa— Ogden and East I2:a»F
f«:««A Nilea. Lithrop, Stockton............ «s2-->P
8:110 \ Niles, Mendota, Han/ord, Vwalla,
Porterrille 4:55»
»:3<»a Shiata Kipreis-DaTia, WUliama (for
Bartiett 8prin(fB,\ Willows. Ked
Bluff, rortland. 7*33*
IiIIDa Ski. Joae. Ll»ermote. .Skoc\u25a0to^^
Jone. Sucrameuto. PlacenUle,
M»rj»Tille, Chic. Keil Bluff <»23p
»i»n*Oakdalr.Chine»e,8onora. Carters... *****
»:O« a Hixywiird, NileS »ud Way SUtious.. • I sMa.
»:oo A v»iiejo ;;••:;•\u25a0\u25a0• laia3 *
»:UOa Loo Angelea E^wess — Martinez.
Tracy, Imthrop. rftockton. Meiced
Fresno and Loa Anseles 2 J ?? P
«::»«* Vallrj... Alartluez and Way Stations 7:55p
1 0:«t»A The OTerland Limited— Ozden, Uen-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago A ? !^ J :*
tl :«•»[• .Sacrainrnto HUer 8t««m«rn »X ! 2S A
3:3l»p lUywmrd, NUcm »n»l Way HUtion».. 7:55p
\u25a0*««»k ItKuicia, Winters, 8acraiueiftoi
Woodland, KnJgbta Laudius.
SUrystille, (ho»llte 10:33*.
4:lMlp Martinex. Kail JU111011. ValleJO,
Nairn. «!»IUki>K«. .Sant» lto»a...... ,"'•**
•itOOp Niles, tiTennore. Stockton. Lodl... 1*^5?
\u25a0i»»«»r Hsywatd. Miles, ean .lnae. LiTtnnoro t» ! »*A
4ta«p Fort Cos*. Tracy. Lafhrop, Stockton 1»:23a
S:OUrThe Owl Limited— ffieino, Tolare,
lUkersaeld, Sangns (or Santa lUr-
bara, Irf>s Amceles »:53a
S:OOr Martin' z. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno ia:23p
8:30p New Orleans Exprena— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakentieid, Los Angeles,
lX-mlne, El Fa«o, New Ozlenoa
and E«»t 7»33a
«>«Op Haywarrt, Nilea and S»u Jose 7:.VV*
f«:OUr Vullsjo < I »23*.
' UiOUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago..... 12:*3p
H:OOp Oriental JJall— Ogden, Denier,
6t Louis. Chicago. «:23P
?sOOr (>ri-K<iii and tlaliforni* ICzweaa.Mao-
mumb, MurjHvillr. KviMlug,
rortlHii.l. Tnget riomtd ami Kaak »:35»
Hi«.1p San Pablo, l'ort Coata. Martinez
anil Way HUtious 11«23a
' t*:03p Vallfj< ?;5Ap
COAST LINE (Narrow tinu B f).
(Foot ot M.rkct Street.)
«:I3a Newark. t>nti>r»!lle,8au .lose, Felton,
Boulder Crreic.BaiiUUdiz aud Way
HUtlmin 0«5Op
V*t I ,tr Newark, CenteHllfo. 8an .lose. Now .
Almaileu, Kplton. Itnulder Creek.
Simla Cruz and l'rincipat Way
Stations l«j.1»A
•Isl.Tp Newark, Man Joiie. X.or Gatos t» :3(> *
a9.3op Hnnteri' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations X7.90T
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Proa SiS msCISCO— faoi of Mariet Street (Slip S)—
, t V : 1 6 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 5:lSr.M.
rtmOUUSO— rwlsfBlMswaj.— 18:00 Ja.00 t3:05
10.0O*.M. Ig:Q3 a.03 i:03r.u.
COAST LIXG (Itroad <;.ni B e).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
fi:l«>A San Joia and Way rttatiqrs.... ni:i»r
7:«0A Han .lone and Way SUtlmis ls»l»P
/7KMIA New Almailrii /4:10r
WiOOa Haii Jou, Tiea rinos, Hauta Oriw,
Tacllic Himt, balinas. San Luis
Obispo, Bant* Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermedUte Stations 7: 13?
10:30a San Jcse aud W»y Stations 4:1 Op
I IttlOA Man Jose and Way .Stations 3<30p
4S:45p San Mateo. ltedwood, Menlo Fark.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lout.
Tres Pin os, Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and Paeifle Grors fIO:4."5i
8in«r .San.Jnaeand Way Stations. 6:3Oa.
f4:l3r San Joie and Principal Way Stations Us-tSA.
t3:00rSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f»iOO*
BiSOp Ran Jose aud Principal Way Btatfons S:36a
a:OOr Redwood, San Jose. Gilroy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03a
6:»0p San Jose aud Way .Stations fXtOO*
all:45pSan Joaaand Way Stations 6:30y
A for M orning. ** ' f>r A f ternoon.
t .Sunday ezcepted. 2 Artnday only,
o Saturday only. _ and FridaTi-^
9-
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBJ IL CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFlfi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Forry. Foot mi Moritt* £fc
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12-33
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— EStra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1-oti
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, J-30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12-45
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1-53
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40-
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j I Sun- I Week"
Days. I days. | Destination. | daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton.
\u25a0Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2O-pnj
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 amilO:25 ara
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am o I 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 8:2 ° Vm.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
I^"* f :^ am l c 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altniria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springrs; at Cloverdale
RtSh T? e>^ er9 i =, at . Ho Pl al »d for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley
£ oh ? *>»*'\u25a0• Riverside, Llerley-a, Bucknella!
Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlUe, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort .Bragg. "West-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicle)
building.
H. C. WHITING, R, X. RYAJT.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
• San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
\£^ | un " n»*u,.,«.tr*n.t^.«». Sun- Week'
? :^? A- -5 : 5? A- VW »««aiB« >»»«« »» IJO l-OO p. 9;45 a.
4il5P lliSoA- «.-*N.i.«.«j-»«3:~»- f:40 P.
* II p"; 5155 '-
Pua, gaa Frneian to Summit «nd Baton. tl.ML I
Ticket OOces, «!1 JUUII 8TMST and SACSAUIO TZMSt.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
§!ri»tE3 ln IS5 * lor the treatmpnt of Privnt«
n\_[ K.-Xgf Diseases. I>ist Manhood. Debility or
ragSSGggS&rtispas* wearingon body and mind and
*VMfi29S*yiSlcl!i Diseases. The Doctor cures when
fiJraHBgaEa»thers fall. Try him. CJharges low.
t^kfflS5lSa3''ur« cunrunirfd. Cullor write,
Dr. 4. JF. HIBBOX. San Francisco. CaU >
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
t STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott
8i Co*
i Diseases and
Weakness of
Men Only
' By far the most frequent cause of nervous
1 disorders of the male Is
A DAMAGrD PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
: i fier) Is a structure very rich In nerves. "When
I the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
j constant state of excitement by chronic inflam-
' \u25a0 ir.atory processes, it appears very clear that by
I transmission qf this irritation to other nerves
| the patient may be subject to nervous phenonv
i ena of the most varied character. Premature-
I ness, Impotency, etc., are not weaknesses, but
j symptoms of this inflammation. We have pre-
i pared a colored chart, which we will send, free
on application, by which any one interested can
readily understand why. If he has been treated
, lor a weakness, he has not been cured. We
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach drug-
997 MARKET STREET, COR. SIXTH.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
dHUSEUH 6F ANATOMY*
A Q$ 105lMAES3:si.te'..6:i*7:s,S.F.C»l. A
T rjr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V 3&a» World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
© ffil? Hla s P eclalist on th= Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
A &*Wh CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ I Consultation free and strictly private. \
A n iSVt fj Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
W fl HT CT N J'oaitire Cure in every case undertaken. : Y
API II © Write for Book. rniLOSOPBY of A
\u25bc * II 1 " n*HSl*GE, MAILED FREE. (Af
A ii ci- valuable book for mm) . \
Y I>E. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 MarketSt.S. F. V
I 1 — ,
G0N0BHHC&A AND URINARY DI3CH ARSES
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
DR.MEYERS&CO. Jlp!i%^
Specialist. Disease S^jSsF ?
and weakness of flgflif »
men. Established f^%[ /P^S^^&SsL'
1S81. Consultation lf?« r Tf&l3\ « "
and private book \^'«L *
free, at office or by jh_K 4
mail. Cures guar- r<^ ><^4?«3|^
anteed. 731 Mar- _yS$§§Mf?&
ket street (eleva- /^3frf&/tP
tor entrance), San
Francisco. P*^ '
1 SEA CHICHE«TER'S ENGLISH
P ENNYROYflL P!LL$
K ,~^STV _ . __ Orl « ln »' «""«! Only Ceauine.
\u25a05 11 «V\8AFE. *lw»y« reilabl«. Ladle*. «.k Drncrtrt
«i i^K»n ] xhblxn rtb »<>n- T.ko no other. Bern»« \u25a0
T?i *^ l>m«ureroi«» Sub.tltaUont. and Imlta.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
.. Daily • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsfllcf 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p '
a for morning, p for afternoon.
. »9 a. m. -train is. the California Limited
leaving Monday and Thursday only car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinine
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. daily.
S:CO p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars tff Chicago; also
\u25a0 Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m
daily. .
\u25a0 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in* Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111? Broadway, Oak-
land. \u25a0 .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 29 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a m
•1:45, 3:15. 4:13. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, «10:00. '11:30 a. m *1-13
3:15. »4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m. '* '
Trains marked {•) run to Sap Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO s/n FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 835 10-15
a. m., '12:25, 2:15, '3:35, 4:40, 5:80 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:5* p m UIICsaays
SUNDAYS— 6:15, '8:00, '10:00, '11M3 _, m
•1:40, '3:15, 4:45, '6:30 p. m. . '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8'55 10 -30
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m ' TO
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p m
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:C5 a. m.. 12:05* 2:15 3-30
6:00, 6:45 d. m. • » • ,
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . J
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats ana trains will run on
Sunday time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
++++++++++* \u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666\u2666 \u2666 4f
Among Many"::
Ask for **
\u25a0' ' : - . . \u25a0+
and the best will bo 11.
given you. • «>•
Never Sold ::
Tin t
10 Years Old t
i' \u25a0'*•"\u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 . ' •\u25a0"- *
CnniRTT ft WISE COMMISSION CO.. Ino. "1 1
22Ci2iCallfornla6t..SAnFiftnclsco,Cal. T
Telephone Mala 873. .Horace Powers, who was a member of
Company C First California Volunteers,
died in Manila In 1898. His remains were
placed in a cemetery in that city, but
some time ago U. S. Grant Council of
the Junior Order of United American Me
chanics and Martha Washington Council,
of Liberty, of which he was a
member, had his remains brought to this
city for burial in the National Cemetery
at the Presidio. The unveiling of the
monument over the grave under the aus
pices of the two organizations named will
take place Sunday afternoon at 2. o'clock,
when there will be appropriate music by
the First California Band, address by the
Rev. Dr. Ford, the singing of "Nearer,
My God, to Thee," reading of a poem by
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou. singing of "Amer
ica" and a benediction.
New Divorce Suits Filed.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: J. B. Roberts against
.Agnes Roberts for Infidelity, Emma Stern
berger against John Sternberger for fail
ure to provide.
In response to a general request of the
audience Rev. Father Clifford, who is the
possessor of a powerful barytone voice,
gave a -selection of sweet Gaelic melodies
that won admiration' from his hearers.
After the rendition of "Savourneen^Dee
lish Eileen Oge," Father Clifford was
forced to respond to an encore, and in a
tuneful voice of sweetness he again
pleased the large audience with "The Col
leen Dhas Cruthin Na Moe," in old Gaelic.
It being the unanimous wish of those
present to hear an Anglo-Irish ballad by
Rev. Father Looney, the young clergy
man sang with fine effect one of the most
touching melodies by the Bard of Erin,
"The Meeting of the Waters."
A reception and introduction" of the
guests of the evening followed the liter
ary exercises, which were closed with
prayers in Gaelic and English for the fu
ture success and welfare of the school.
After the installation of permanent offi
cers and a short course of easy lessons
in Gaelic under the direction of head
principal, Rev. M. D. Clifford, assisted by
volunteer teachers from the sister
branches, was given.
President Miss Margaret O'Brien then
announced the literary exercises. .
The programme commenced with a Gae
lic essay by Miss Kathleen M. Murphy,
whose brilliant effort was cordially^ re
ceived. Thomas J. Cannon followed with
a bilingual address in Gaelic and English
from the pen of Father O'Leary, a noted
Gaelic writer of short stories. After a
popular Irish ballad by John Mullen, en
titled "Shule Agra," which won applause,
the meeting was addressed by Secretary
Theodore Lynch of the Father O'Growney
Branch. Aft'er words of appreciation of
the generous welcome and hospitality ac
corded the visitors, who were agreeably
surprised and edified at the attendance
and enthusiasm, of the Mission Gaelic
schools, Lynch added to the pleasure of
the evening's entertainment ! by a dra
matic recitation from the works of Thom
as Davis, the young Irish p«et.
\u25a0 A plaintive Irish ballad, "Eileen Aroon,"
was rendered by Stephen McCue. He was
followed by a Gaelic essay by Principal
William ' Desmond of the O'Growney
School, the pioneer Gaelic institute of the
coast. • :
The meeting -was called to order at 8
o'clock by th& organizer of the school,
Rev. Father E. M. Looney, who extended
a welcome to the audience. After an elo
quent address showing the glorious tradi
tions associated with the poetic and pow
erful Gaelic tongue Father Looney thank
ed the volunteer teachers present on be
half of the students of the parish for their
untiring zeal and self-sacrifice in the work
of tuition. • - \u25a0
The St. Charles Branch of the Gaelic
League opened its winter quarterly edu
cational sessions Wednesday night at the
parochial school hall of St. Charle3
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets.
There was a large attendance of pupils
and visitors, 'there being delegations pres
ent from the Father Yorke Branch of
Oakland and thje Father O'Growney
Branch of this city. \u25a0
Quarterly Educational Ses
sion of St. Charles Church.
Branch.
Pupils and Friends En
tertained With Song
and Speech.
GAELIC LEAGUE
OPENS SCHOOL
master: C. "W. Nutting of Etna Mills, senior
grand warden; G. W. Hunter of Eureka, junior
grand warden; Edward Coleman of San Fran
cisco, grand treasurer; George Johnson of San
Francisco, grand secretary, and William H.
Edwards of San Francisco, grand lecturer.
The last three named officers were re
elected. The grand master-elect to-day
will appoint the other officers of the
Grand Lodge. They, with the elected offi
cers, will be Installed, after which the
Grand Lodge will adjourn until 1902.
A large number of the representatives
to the Grand Lodge last evening wit
nessed the conferring of the apprentice
degree by the French lodge La Parfalto
Union. Other -delegates witnessed the
conferring of the degree, of the temple by
California Commandery, Knights Tem
plar.
To photographers. See the remarkable study
bjy Anderson in to-day' a .Wasp. , _ . •
"James W. Dunphy was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on a charge of murder.
Dunphy shot and killed Edward Stanton
at Minna and Mary streets because he
alleged Stanton had wronged his sister.
Dunphy Held for Murder.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 1L— As Rev. Father
Sesnon was driving to Sen Quentin this
morning his horse, shied, capsizing the
buggy and throwing Father Sesnon into
a ditch. Father Sesnon sustained contu
sions on his side and back. The injuries
are not serious. . •
Father Sesnon Injured.
DAYTON, Ohio,. Oct. •„ 11.— A dispatch
from MIddletown, Ohio, says: .It was
learned to-day that Mrs. Mary Belle Wit
mer, the suspected wholesale poisoner,
has had five husbands instead of four.
John Williams, whose name has not been
mentioned heretofore, left two days after
the ceremony had been performed and is
the only one of the five husbands living:.
His present whereabouts Is not known.
Mrs. Witmer secured a divorce. and then
wedded Frank Brown, the MIddletown pa
perhanger, who died rather suddenly. The
story comes from a sou of Brown. .___
Five Husbands on th© List.
We have every good make of fountain
pens, inks, typewriter and carbon papers,
pencils, blank and memorandum books,
legal blanks, writing tablets, papeteries,
ream papers and envelopes, we make a
specialty of printing and engraving vis
iting cards. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. \u25a0 •
Iton't Stop "Writing.
DENVER, Oct. 11.— Ernest Seton-
Thompcon, the noted writer on wild ani
mals, and John Goff , the guide, who were
arrested by Game Warden Bush in Rio
Blanco . County, charged with . violating
the game laws, were acquitted on the trial
of the case at Meeker.
Court Exonerates Seton-Thompson.
The raisin district. Forecaster McAdie
says, will be benefited by the existing con
ditions. The predictions are that to-day's
weather will be a repetition of yesterday
and that the break in conditions will not
come until to-morrow.
Forecaster McAdie feels It his duty to
\u25a0warn the residents and the city's visitors
not to be fooled into changing- their cloth
ing for summer wear, as a fall of 20 de
grees will most likely occur when normal
weather resumes sway.
These climatic conditions are at present
confined to about 150 miles of coast of
which San Francisco is the center. The
bay counties feel it most, but to-morrow
its effects will be upon almost the entire
State.
Unlike any previous, weather, It contin
ued until sundown, and at that hour the
high point was still maintained.
Warm weather prevailed yesterday, and
the day was recorded as the hottest of
the year. At 10 o'clock yesterday morning
the temperature began to rise and before
noon the mercury had reached the 80 de
gree mark. The usual early afternoon
west wind that can almost be depended on
failed to come to the rescue of the swel
tering populace, and the temperature con
tinued to rise until 88 degrees had been
recorded.
SECORD BBEAKING WEATHER
COIOS RATHER STJIXDEUXY
Mercury Beaches Eighty-Eight De
grees at Sunset, the Highest Point
Attained This Year.
An entirely independent company has
been organized to accomplish the work.
Nevertheless it will be composed oi men
closely and directly identified with the
Burlington interests and when extensions
are completed they will be- operated in
clo&e connection with the Burlington sys
tem and will be, for all practical pur
poses, integral parts thereof. In all prob
ability they will -ultimately be incorporat
ed with the Burlington system and it will
be a matter of no surprise if the same
fate should await Senator Clark's road.
At all events, Senator Clark is far too
able and practical a man to build his road
to Salt Lake and leave it there in the air
with no direct connections to the east
and north. The closest harmony exists
at present between him and J. J. Hill and
the general impression is that they, are
working hand and - glove in connection
with the building of the new Los Angeles
route.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1L— Positive and au
thoritative confirmation has been given
the report that the Burlington system is
to be extended from Guernsey, Wyo., to
Salt Lake City, to connect with the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
According to . the order of Justice Keogh,
filed In the Westchester County Clerk's
office at White Plains, all the testimony
will be taken in New York. In her com
plaint Mrs. Sewell, who ls a prominent so
ciety woman, eays she was married to
the defendant December 25, 1872, at Chi
cago, and they have two sons, William
K. Sewell, aged 26 years, and Frederick
Sewell, aged 21 years. Then she goes on
to say: r . '
"That defendant, on or about September
11, 1901, abandoned and deserted plaintiff
at the city of New 5Tork, leaving their
apartments and announcing his intention
of not returning to plaintiff, since which
time defendant has failed and refused to
provide for her." ... .. .
Sewell is vice president of the American
Smelting and Refining Company, known
as the smelting trust. Mrs. Sewell and her
husband had apartments at the Waldorf-
Astoria, and in an affidavit she Rays she
has always been' a faithful, loving wife.
She says in the spring of 1901, at the de
fendant's suggestion, in. company of her
eldest son she sailed for Europe and re
mained abroad for a period of. some
months, returning to New York on Sep
tember 11 last. "Immediately upon her ar
rival In New York." she goes on to say,
"the defendant abandoned and deserted
her apartments, and ever since has re
sided elsewhere."
She asserts Sewell's income, according to
his own admission last year, was between
$40,000 and $50,000. Sewell denies all his
wife's allegations and intends to fight the
proceedings. The cause of the family
troubles of the Sewells Is not mentioned
in the papers tiled in the Supreme Court.
"WHITE PLAINS, N. Y., Oct. 11.— Su
preme Court Justice Keogh to-day ap
pointed Frank Dickey of Brooklyn as
referee to take testimony in a suit for
separation and alimony brought by Julia
Thyer Sewell against her husband. Bar
ton Sewell of New York, who has an in
come of about $50,000 a year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Burlington Line to Be
Built Into Salt
Lake City.
Smelting Trust's Vice
President Called to
Court.
WIFE CENSURES
RICH HUSBAND
Six thousand tons of raisins of the crop
of 1900 were put upon the market yester
day by a decision of Judge Sloss. The or
der to show cause why an Injunction
should not be issued to James Madison
and Charles G. Bonner, raisin growers,
who sought to prevent the distribution of
the crop, was set aside.
The suit grew out of an agreement made
by the growers and the California Raisin
Packing Company whereby the entire
crop of raisins of the season of 1900 was
to be sold by the Raisin Growers' Asso
ciation to the packing company. The
agreement stipulated that the crop, which
amounted to 30,000 tons, was to be distrib
uted in proportion to the business done
by each grower. Under these terms Mad
ison and Bonner would receive as their
share 2400 tons. The agreement was car
ried out by both parties until June of this
year, at which time there were 6000 tons
undistributed.
The following month Madison and Bon
ner filed a suit in which they alleged that
the other parties to the agreement had
conspired to sell the remainder of the crop
to the Pacific Coast Seeded Raisin Com
pany, which was formed by them.
The filing of the suit for an injunction
brought into the fight all the growers In
Fresno County, and until Judge Sloss ren
dered his decision the 6000 tons were
tied up.
Judge Sloss Releases Six Thousand
Tons of Raisins Tied TJp by
. . Litigation.
EAISDT-GROWESS YJUL
TO SECTJEE iNJTTN'CTION
Jrirge Htmt Sustains Judge SeawelL
Judge Hunt announced yesterday that
In his opinion the Board of. Education had
an inherent right to try a school teacher
\u25a0without tne forma-»T of a -written com
plaint by the Superintendent of Public
Schools. This decision was rendered dur
ing- the progress of a salt for an Injunc
tion restraining the board from trying
Miss Jean Dwy«r on a charge of lncom
petency made bv Hiss J. M. A, Hurley,
principal of the Sherman Primary School.
''"he decision sustains that mada by
Judge Seawall In a similar case.
HILL MAY HAVE
HALF THE POWER
William S. Wells of Martinez, grand master:
Orrin S. Henderson of Stockton, deputy grand
election of grand officers for the
ensuing term. The principal contest was
for junior grand warden, an office which
leads in the course of three years to the
high office of grand master. Q. W. Hun
ter of Eureka, a Superior Judge of Hum
boldt County, was chosen for the oftlce.
His election proved a great surprise, for
up to Thursday night his name had not
been considered.
The following named officers were
elected:
C^yp^HKRE was but little business
I transacted at the session of the
jjj Grand Lodge of Free and Accept
il ed Masons yesterday outside of the
Received to-day: Johnson-Locke Mercantile
Company. $400; the Rues Estate Company, $50;
"Union Can Company of San Francisco, %&',
Central Methodist Episcopal Sunday School,
$23 40; citizens of Hopland, Mendocino County,
Cal.. SIS; Martin Feusier & Co.. $10; \V. J.
Curtis. $5; total to-day. $328 43; previously re
ported. $17,145 67; total to date, $17,474 07; con
tributed through A. P.' Giannini (list herewith*,
50; total, tt',830 57.
Collected by A. P. Giannini— Jesse Moore-
Hunt Co.. $25: California Transportation Com
pany, ?20; McXab & Smith. $20; E. A. Fargo
Co., 510; H. Buneman, $10; Hoy, Grauerholz
& Co., J10;-Getz Bros. & Co., $10; E. Goslin
sky & Co.. $10; Norton, Teller & Roden, 110;
Rinaldo Bro6. & Co.. $10; Wlchman, Lutgen
& Co.. S10: Charles J. Hendry*s Sons & Co..
$10; Richard Doepfner, $5; H. W. F.iley. $5;
AV. "W*. Crown, ?o; \V. R. Larzelere Commis
sion Co., $5; Toncovich & Boro, $5; L.' Spiegel.
$5; William 'H. Tlrornley, $5; John F. Rossi,
$5; Dr. L. D. Bacigralupi. $5: Dr. T. B. W.
Leland. S3; L. M. Spiegel. f5: A. Zellerbach
& Son*. ?5; \\\. H. "Boussel & -Co., fa; \u25a0 Fred B.
Hsiirht. $5: Von' Eohn," Lorsbach : & r Co. - , $3;
Witxel & Baker, $5; J. H. Newbauer & Co.,
J5; John A- Lennon, $5; cash (M. Bros. & Co.),
$5; Eggvrting &. Emerson. $5; A. Vlgnier, $5;
fi. H- Tyler & Son. $5; Brigham. Hoppe &
Ox. $5: Harris Broe. & Co., $J; Parcella, Green
wood & Co., f5; IjouIs T. Snow, $5; Atlantic
Fish Company, $5; Charles F. Thierbach & Co.,
IS; Ch. Tetsen & Co., 55; C. R Rode & Co.. $5;
American Type Founders' Company, $5; Side
man, Lachman & Co.. J5; James J. Walsh, »5;
C Nauaian & Co.. $5; Spotm-Patrick Companv,
U: D. D. Pike & Co.. $5; cash (H. & Co.). $3;
Boltz. dyiner & Co., J2 50; E. H. Lancel. $2 50;
Adolph Dunker, J2 50: L. E. Lake. 12 50: Horst
man & Bruns, J2 50; Barthold & Reimers, $2 50;
S. M. Levy & Co.. $2 50: Paul Keyser. $2 50;
H. HeckmaE Jr., $2 M; Frank M. Burnhans,
$2 80; Isaac Blumenthal. $2 50; S. Brizzolara,
J2 50: SUefvater & Munch. 12 50; J. F. Cun
niasliam, J2 Z0; John Demartini & Co., $2; Max
Wolfea & Co.: C; Levensoa & Co.. $2; Charles
Jacobeon & Co., $2; M. S. Simas & Co., J2;
H. Gleeson, M: Peter Shaen. Jl; G. Giovanettl
& Sen. !l; cast (A- P. Jr.), H; J. H. Gllhuly.
tl: Kauffman, Davidson & Co., Jl; A. Clay
burgh, $1; Henry Fautr. U; W. A. Plummer,
«; S. Bloom & Son. J2 50; B. X. Rowley. $2;
Brann & Prior. $20; total. WIS M.
Contributions toward the erection of the
McKinley monument continue to pour into
the hands of the committee. Yesterday
$32S was added to the fund, which makes
the amount on hand at the present time
J17.S90 57. The contributions received yes
terday at the Mayor's office and collected
by A. P. Giannini are as follows:
The Subscriptions Now on Hand Al
most Reach, the Eighteen Thou
sand Dollar Mark.
SlcKINXEY MONTJMEUT FUND
IS INCREASING STEADILY
Sullivan annDuneed that he would come
into court next Tuesday with a bid of
J20.000 for the property which has been
sold for $13,000.
Sullivan reappeared at the end of the
half-hour's grace allowed him by the
court, but he had not been able to ac
complish anything. His motion for a con
tinuance was denied, and Judge Seawell
afterward made an order confirming the
sale.
Attorney Metson and ex- Judge Slack,
who represent the interested parties, took
exceptions to Sullivan's intimations, and
stated to the court that the attorney's ap
pearance at the eleventh hour wa& hardly
proper. Sullivan was asked why, if he
thought there was a conspiracy, he did
not put in an appearance during the ear
lier days of the trial.
Sullivan replied that he was under the
impression that the attorneys who repre
sented" the other heirs would ask for a
continuance, and relied upon them to do
so.
Attorney Matt I. Sullivan appeared in
Judg» Scawell's court yesterday after
noon during the hearing of the suit insti
tuted by Mrs. Morfcw to secure an ordev
of ccurt confirming the sale to hot of a
piece of property by ihe Ciooks estate,
and ahked for a continuance. Sullivan in
support of his motion made a iengthy
statement, in which he intimated that the
parties interested in the suit had con-
Bplred to secure the property at a price
much lower than its real value.
Attorney Sullivan represents the minor
heirs cf one of the Crooks, and claims
that if the property is sold for $t3 000 his
clients will suffer a great loss.
"If the i ersons interested in this case,"
said Sullivan, "the grown persons I mean,
fcet together and form a conspiracy by :
which the minor children whom I repre
sent are to suffer, I certainly think I
should be allowed time En which to file
a protest."
Geo:ge D% Collins, counsel for "Walter
M. Diirmick, on trir.1 in the United States
];;5trift Court (or presenting a false
toucber to the cafihfer cf the Mint, occu
pied ilio whole of yesterday's session in
bis 'argument to the jury. He closes at
6:15 p. m. Ex-Judge S. C\ Den?on will
make the closing argument for the Gov
crnmci.t. beginning ai 10 k. m. to-day.
Mr. CoUUui took the aprprressive in his
argument, denied the assertion of impar
tiality put forth for ihe prosecution in the
argument of Ben Schlesiagcr on the pre
vious day and insinuated that Superin
tendent Ker.cli and Cashier Cole should be
convicted Instead of the defendant. He
boldly charged the prosecution with un
fairrcss in the cross-examination of the
\u25a0Fitnesses on reputation when the counsel
for the Government asked whether the
\u25a0witnesses had heard of certain transac
tions of Dimmick with the Tallant Bank
ing Company, J. S. Kirk of Chicago, the
Cutter-Tower Company of Boston and
other matters concerning which they had I
not attempted to introduce a particle of j
evidence.
The real law-breaker, said Mr. Collins,
is Superintendent l^each, and In this case
the sanctity v.hich the prosecution has
alleged surrounds a public official merely
because he is such does not apply to Mr.
Leach, for he grossly violated the treas
ury regulations in his management of the
Mint by allowing the Selby Company to
offset a claim that the United States held
against it. Continuing Collins said:
Purpose that E3L0G4 were missing out of the
cu»toai- cf liie oat!:ier. and *Ji>iK>se ibat Mr.
J- •\u25a0\u25a0 :\ is lilt fui*rinu>r.ci?!it «nd Mr. Cole the
cashier. l*s liiere not iinijile motive for the
prosecutloa tu escape, su lar as fhey are con
cerned, the iir^'Uti.uur. that arises necessarily
Irom U:e commission Bt that crime? I want
you to know that ihere is sumethins in this
CiUB? other :haii the bald charge of the presen
tation of this voucher lor *4l'5> 37— ihis voucher
"which by ray agreement." says .Leach, was
to he exhausted by credit for material fur
nished to the Mint. Section 4 of article 21 j
o! the Kevised Statutes of the United States i
provides ihat all funds received irom the sale
tit ty-produrts. oid material, etc.. shall be
separately deposited on the last aay of each
Quarter in tr.e tub-Treasury of the United
Ma us and that no portico of. the moneys col
lected for the purpose named shall be used for
tJ.e jiaytnent 01 exi-enset of any kind. Leach
clearly violated this law. so ihat the proceeds
of liie sale of old material never reached th.e
treasury vf the United States. The money
was i.*i-d tcr eJLpenses contrary to this regu
lation. From that point on everything was
c Tie in this case as j^eaci ordered and wanted
to be done.
His or. n testimony sTioirs what a rross law
breaker this man Leach is. * - lt was my under
standing with RaJyton," 1 saj-s Leach, "to keep
this account ssxiarate from the regular pur
chase account of the &fint_" Leach had no
rirbx to exclude this transaction from that
accciin^
Mr. Collins n-ext turned his attention to
showing that the alleged fraudulent
voucher • f or (OS 22 was a genuine claim.
It was marked paid on March 26, he said,
\u25a0when in point of fact it \u25a0was never paid
£t all. tut was f=et off by material re
ceived from the Selby Company. Cashier
Cole carat in for a scorching because he
admitted that at the time he paid the
money to DimirLicS: he thought - Uiat the
trimsacticm vr&s peculiar, yet he waited
ten months before he informed Superin
tendent Leach cf that transaction.
Counsel commented upon the fact that
Cashier Cole mad* no memorandum of
the receipt of the voucher and the pay
ment of the money as evidence that Cole
"understood that the matter \ras to re
main in abeyance, and this proved that
Dimmick"s version cf the affair was Uio :
oniy correct one.
It \rzs necessary* the counsel argtied.
that the prosecution should prove that
Dimmick had a criminal intent to defraud
the Government of $49S 37 before it could
expect a verdict of conviction, even as
suming- that the voucher was fraudulent.
On the contrary, the evidence tvus that
DiffijnicJs returned the money to Cole, and
that Cole, while admitting the fact of the
repayment cf the money by the defend
ant, at the same time admitted that he
had made no entry of the transaction in
h:<= books, thus corroborating' the explana
tion made by the defendant.
In conclusion Collins said:
Cg3» is about tb* trickiest -witness I ever
raw on the etaa4- He diss-linalttes all tfcrougti
the material portion of hi* testimony and I
cay that a man \u25a0who cannot be believed on a
material point such as this ls not to be be
lieved sX all in any part of 'hi* testimony.
I£akes Caustic Comments on
Peculiar Bookkeeping
in the Mint.
Says That Lands of Crooks'
Estate Were Sold Below
Their Value.
Intimates That Their
Motives Are Not
Honorable.
Intimates That Litigants
Have Entered Into a
Conspiracy.
LAWYER CREATES
STIR IN COURT
COLLINS SCORES
LEACH AND COLE
MASONIC GRAND LODGE
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
W. S. Wells of Martinez Is Chosen Grand
Master and Judge G. W. Hunter of
Eureka Is Eieced Junior Grand Warden
THE ' -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
TWO PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE MASONIC FRATERNITY WHO
WERE CHOSEN TO HIGH POSITIONS JN 'THE GRAND LODGE AT
THE SESSION OP THAT BODY YESTERDAY.' .
Honors for a Bead Soldier.
9
OCEAJT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
tljfc Wharf. San Francisco:
Ij^sP&Sc For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ra.,
l?ts£>*VW^ Cct. 3. 8, 13, 18, 23. 2S. Nov. 1.
\ E?\p^5?'6f??t Change to company's steamers
! fc-yj^Sr^'Ji For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i t^**S^-^?3n C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
xacoma. Everett and New
"^^ Whatcom CWash.>— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3. 8, 13. 18. 23. 23, Nov. 2.
"hange at Seattle for this com-
pany's eteamers tor Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacorna for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C P Ry
Fo- Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
*, 9, 14. 19, 24. 29. Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtot*.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 11 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
i without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O.'ff. & N. CO,
Only'Stenmsliip ZLiix&o to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Roil Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Through tic?<cts to all
points, all rail or steamshin and rail, at
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH and SISALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15. 23, Nov. 4. 14. 31
SS* GEO. W. ELDER
. .' Sails Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 29
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.,l Montgm'y. S. F.
.PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 13 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 171 PERU Nov. 9
"LOA" Oct. 28IPALENA Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street •
BA.LFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT. .
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre«.
S. S.Hyades sails Saturday. Oct. 11
S. S. Argyll . sails Saturday, Oct. 19
«. S. Leelanaw sails Monday. Oct. S3
From Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market St.,
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAR3 AND VALLEJ3
Steamere GEN. FRI3BIS or MONTICSLLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves ValleJ.i
7 a. in.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Bunds-v, 7 a. ro.. 4:13 p. m. Faro W cents.
TelZ^oca Main 1508. Landing and ofjlct. »i«a
2. iTTssioa-st. dock. HATCH BROg,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BBMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale in this m!ne at
60c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
lanl with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this "mine. The stock in the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and is all sold and Issued and will pay
a dividend In a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD. "
President and General Manager,
7 North Market St.. San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office.
413 KEARNT STREET. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent \u25a0
AMERICAN LINE.
(IT TOBK. 80UTHAHPT0H. LONDON. PA31SL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Oct. 23 Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
RED STAR LINE. ,
New York and Antwerp.'
\u25a0 From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 23jSouthwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30 *Vaderland Nov. 20
Friealand Nov. 6jHaverford Nov. 27
•Stopping at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERN ATION Ali NAVIGATION CO:.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of Bailing. -•-,.'.
SS. AMERICA MARU ....
: Wednesday, October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November IS, 1901
BS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. . .
< W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COJfPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTICS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -m^
Bailing every Thursday, instead of &&(£$*
tiaturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, •~»«i*5*
North River, foot of Morton street; •L/Aqul-
talne. September 19: La Bretagne. September
26; La Champagne. October 3; »JLa Savoie. Oc-
tober 10. ...
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. U Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & . CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agenta. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
•Twin Screw Express Steamer*. • .
occanic§.5.to,s?,; ? ,;B
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. ..„
.' Saturday. Oct. 12, 2 p. ra.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday, Oct 24, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
...Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECKEIS k BROS. CO., Generai Agents. 327 Market St
fien'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier lo. 1, Pacific St
ADVEBTISF1CENT3.
l _ rL -.-,^.-. l ,-v,. --, ,
A NEW DEPARTURE
A New, Effectual and Convenient
Cure for Catarrb.
Of catarrh remedies there' is no end,
but of catarrh cures there has always
been a great scarcity. There are many
remedies to relieve, but very few that
really cure.
The old practice of snuffing salt water
through the nose would often relieve, and
the washes, douches, powders and inhal-
ers in common use are very little, if any,
better than the old fashioned salt water
douche. '
The use of Inhalers and the application
of salves, washes and powders to the
nose and throat to cure catarrh Is no
more reasonable than to rub the back to
cure kidney disease. Catarrh ls just aa
much a blood disease as kidney trouble
or rheumatism and it cannot be cured
by local treatment any more than they
can be.
To cure catarrh, whether In the head,
throat or stomach an internal antiseptic
treatment is necessary to drive the catar-
rhal poison out of the blood and system,
and the new catarrh cure is designed on
this plan and the remarkable success of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is because be-
ing used Internally It drives out catarrh-
al Infection through action upon stom-
ach, Hver and bowels. .
Wm. Zimmerman of St. Joseph relates
an experience with catarrh which is of
value to millions of catarrh sufferers
everywhere.. He says: "I neglected a
slight nasal catarrh until It gradually ex-
tended to my throat and bronchial tubes
and finally even my stomach and liver
became affected, but as I was able to
keep up and do a day's work I let it run
along until my hearing began to fail me
and then I realized that I \u25a0 must get rid
of catarrh or lose my position, as I .was
clerk and my hearing was absolutely
necessary. .
"Some of my friends recommended an
Inhaler, another a catarrh salve, but they
were no good in my- case, nor was any-
thing else until I heard of Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets and bought a package at
my drug store. They benefited me from
the start and in less than four months
I was completely cured of catarrh,
although I had suffered nearly all my life,
from it. , \u25a0.
"They are pleasant to take and so
much more convenient to use than other
catarrh remedies that I feel I cannot
say enough in favor of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets.". \u25a0
A little book on cause and cure of ca-
tarrh will be mailed free by addressing
F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich., and
the tablets are sold by all - druggists in
tha United States and Canada.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
D0NT HURT SOME
Eut Coffee Certainly Ruins Some of
the Most Highly Organized
People.
"One year I lived where the water was
bitter \rith. Iron and I could not bear to
firink It, so I began drinking coffee three
times a <3ay.
"Gradually I noticed an uncomfortable
feeling In the stomach, anfi more or less
constipation. In a few months I began to
lie avrake at night long- after I had re-
tired.
"This Increased, until I never thought
of going to sleep before three or four
o'clock In the morning, and : then only
after getting out of bed and walking the
floor for an hour.
"I was talking- of my nervous state with
a friend, who suggested that perhaps It
was the. coffee I had been using. Ehe
felt quite sure It was, and stated that cof-
fee would not stay on her stomach at all,
but as Ehe felt she must have a hot drink
for breakfast Ehe had been using Postum
Food Coffee. She said she didn't like
Postum particularly well, and at break-
fast the next morning I didn't wonder,
when I tasted th© flat <5rink that the ser-
vant brought on.
"The same day I was Invited to take iin-
n»r with another friend, Mrs. Foster. I
had visited her often before and knew she
made delicious coffee, so when she asked
how I liked her coffee, said. 'It is just as
fine es usual.' 6he invited me to have
another cup, but I said, 'I would not dare
to take the second.' 'Oh, you can drink*
as many cups of this as you like; it won't
hurt you. This is Postum Food Coffee.
We have been using it a year now, and
the littie children have all they want and
our family have never been as healthy as
in the past year.' 'Postum.' said I doubt-
fully, 'why, the Postum I had this morn-
ing didn't taste any more like this than
dishwater.' 'Perhaps it was not made
right,' said my friend, 'I have known
more than one person to be turned away
from Pcstum because It was poorly, made.
is no secret in it; only allow it to
\*>il long enough to bring out the taste,
\u25a0f nd there you are.' I have been using
Posium since, and am entirely cured of
my trouble. I cannot say too much for"
It-"— Grace A. Foster, Omaha, Neb. r%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind That Men Admire.
Men admire a pretty face and a good figure, but sooner or later learn that
the happy woman, — that contented one is most of all to be admired.
Those troubled with fainting spells, irregularity, nervous irritability,
backache, the blues and that dreadful bearing down feeling cannot hope to bo
happy, and advancement in either home or social life is impossible.
It is clearly shown in the young lady's letter which follows that Ijydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cer ainly cure the sufferings of wo-
men ; and when one considers that Miss Murphy's letter is only one of the count-
less hundreds which we are continually publishing in the newspapers of this
country, the great virtue of Mrs. Pinkham'- medicine must be admitted by all ;
and for the absolute cure of all kinds of female ills no substitute can possibly
take its place. ' Women should bear this important fact in mind "when they go
into a drug store, and be sure not to accept anything that is claimed to bo
"just as good." as liydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, for no
other medicine for female ills has made so many actual cures.
MISS MARGARETTA MURPHY, J
President "Lend-a-Hand Club," Seattle, Wash.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — For three years I suffered with bearing
down pains, backache, became nervous and hysterical and could not •
enjoy life as other young \u25a0women did. A lady friend who had suffered
similarly and been cured, suggested that I try Lydia E. Pinkliaxn's Veg-
etable Compound. I had little faith hi it, but nevertheless I gave it a
trial, and I am glad that I did. I kept getting better gradually and my
pains left me and within four months I was a well woman. This is a
year ago and I have never had any trouble since. I wish all suffering
women knew of your valuable medicine. — Yours very truly, Makgabi-
etta 'Murphy, 2703 Sec. Ave., Seattle, Wash." " . :
Two flore Grateful Letters.
" Dear Mr3. Pixkham : — I feel it " Dear Mbs. PnrsirAM : — I have
my duty to write you in regard to been greatly benefited by the use of
your valuable medicine. I have been your medicine. I was troubled with
troubled with falling of the womb a pain in my side and any little un-
and inflammation of the ovaries, and usual thing would almost prostrate
was so bad I could hardly walk across me I was so nervous ; I was so -weak
the floor. The doctors said it was I could not do my work ; menstrua-
impossible for me to get well unless I tion was very scanty. I tried med-
had an operation, but this I would icines for my nerves, also kidney and
not listen to. Having read so much liver medicine, but nothing did me
about Liydia E. Pinkliam's Veg- any good. I then concluded to try
etable Compound I made up my Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
mind to give it a trial, and it has Compound. I took three bottles
done wonders for me. I commenced of it, and one box of your Liver Pills,
to feel better from the first dose, and and I have not been sick since. That
today I am a well, healthy girl. was three years ago, and I have given
"Hoping 1 that your Vegetable birth to two children since then, and
Compound will relieve other sufferers do all my housework for a family of
as it did me, an3 thanking you for re- six." — Mrs. Johx AIousb, Hillsboro,
storing my health, I remain, — Miss Ohio. (Kov. 19, 19C0.)
Alma Larson, Box 188, Hudson,Wis."
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham if there is anything
about your sickness you do not understand. Sbe will treat you
with kindness and her advice is free. !No woman ever regretted
writing her and she has helped thousands. Address Lynn, Mass.
REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
which wl 11 be paid to any person who can find that tha above testimonial letter
Era«fiflo8SaB ls no } Seauine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per-
\J\ffyt^jj\i/ mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.Foreign Futures.
; NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'b
weekly review of. trade to-morrow will say: '
Failure of a. few over-capitalized ; Industrial
corporations to pay Interest, on their stock is
no criterion of conditions In manufacturing,- al
thoughjin Influence of lome weight in the stock
market. Reports from all sections of the coun
try agree that there has seldom, if ever, been
such vigorous prosecution of constructive work
Widely divergent lines exhibit similar symp-
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts., 13,
000, Including , 1100 Texana and ; 300 Westerns;
steady/ to firm; no .extra here; good to prime
steers, $6 20@6 85; poor to medium, $3 50@5 95;
stockera and feeders, " J2@4 30; cows, $1 25S*4 60;
heifers, $3@3; canners, $1 25®2 65; bulls,- $1 75@
4 75; calves, $306 25; Texas steers, $2 9O@3S0;
Western steers, $3 6505 50.
HOGS— Receipts .to-day,, 16, 000;.. to-morrow,
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
Dun's - Reviezv of. Trade.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@2Hc for Gar
den; String Beans, 2@3c; Limas, 2> / £@3 1 / 4c; Cab
bage, .60(g!75c • per. ctl ; Tomatoes from the river
; from Alameda. 25@40c; Dried Peppers, 1O@
12V£c; Green Okra. 60@85c per box; Carrots, 25®
35c per sack ; Cucumbers, 30@40c ; PicRles, 2H@
3c per lb for small and Kgil'Jc for large: Garlic
2@2%c; Green Peppers. 36@50c per box for Chile
and 35@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@60c per box";
POTATOES— 60@90c In sacks for Burbank*
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 20@l 35-
River Reds,' $1 50@l 60; Sweets, 37 I / 4'a-40c for
Rivers and 75@85c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1@1 20* per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
75c per ctl. , - . -
Vegetables continued steady, with light sup
plies of Lima Beans and smaller stocks of Ege
Plants .
Four cars of Merced Sweets came In and still
further weakened the market. Otherwise there
was nothing new in Potatoes and Onions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Harrison's circular says: "During the wcrt
there have been six arrivals of coal rrT™
.Washington. 18.470 tons; one from British 3?
lumbia. 3179; one from Oregon. 600; one from
Cardiff. 3550; one from Swansea, 2505- tola?
28.304 tons. The quantity at hand this wetk
will readily furnish * full supply for all our
Immediate requirements. It is singular th»t
with the immense quantities of steam coal
which has been displaced by the advent of fu^i
oil. yet in the face of this coal does not seem
to accumulate. It is very evident, and speaks
volumes for our prosperity, that the quanilty
of fuel which has been utilized so far this
year for steam power is largely In excess of any
previous year up to this date, notwithstanding
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make," He less than Calcuttaa; 'Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7V4@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5»i@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington $9; Seattle $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $0 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Wallsena
$9; Cumberland. $12 10 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $15- Can
?, e -V u p r t ? n: , Co^!' * 15 per ton >n bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mauntain descriptions SS 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand
General Merchandise.
Beans continue weak and dull, and when
ever a change occurs It is generally in tho
direction of lower prices. Whites and Black
eye are lower.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; Small White,
$3 40@3 50; Large White, $2 25® 2 50; Pea. $3(3)4 \u25a0
Pink, $2 40@2 55; Red, ; Blackeye, $3@3 25 ;
Llmas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidney $3 50 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%@3%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l',i@l%c; Hemp,- 3V4c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. -Jl 75@1 90; Green. $1 75
@2 per ctl. . '
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Values at New Tork
for tin advanced about 40 points to-day \u25a0with
out special activity attending it. . The influ
ence was In the way of a similar rise abroad,
values gaining £1 10s, thus spot was quoted
at £114 5s and futures at £107 12s 6d. The
local market closed quiet but firm at $24 80@
$24 90 for spot. f \u25a0 \u25a0*-'
Our market for copper held firm all day at
yesterday's advance, closing- at. $16 75SV17 for
Lake Superior and $16 5O@1G 62^ for casting.
At London a sympathetic rise occurred, follow
ing our strencth of yesterday, and before the
close values were £1 5s higher, with spot at
£65 and futures at £64 10s..
Lead was without change here at $4 37%,
•while values at London declined 2s 6d to £11
]2s 4d.
Spelter was again higher, locally, spot clos
ing at $4 2504 30, but was unchanged and
nominally quoted at £17 2s 6d at London.
Iron ruled aulet but about steady at old
prices. " Warrants. $9 50©10 EO: No. 1 foundry,
.Northern, $15@16; No. 2 foundry. Southern, $11
@15; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $14 50@15 50; No.
1 foundry, Southern, soft, $14 50@16. Glasgow
warrants closed at 53s 8d and Mlddlesboro at
45s 7%d. , ' \u25a0 - ' ' • . ,
New York Metal Market.
Business was brisk on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. The activity in Cali
fornia Wine continued, and the stock sold at
$84@S5 in the morning and $85 50@85 In the
afternoon. ITrlction among the directors is
reported to have caused ona of them to un
load his stock, which has been promptly taken
up, and this is the reputed cause of the re
cent selling 1 . Market-st. R.R. was quieter lit
$90 37V4<S90 62»4 in the morning and $90@89 73 in
the afternoon. Makaweli Sugar continued
strong, selling up to $28 50 in the afternoon.
The other stocks showed no particular change.
The oil stocks continued quiet and without
feature.
The usual monthly dividend of 75c per share
will be paid to-day by the Alaska Packers'
Association.
The semi-annual Interest on the bonds of the
Sierra Railroad Company will be paid to-day.
The coupons -are $3 each.
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Oct. 11—2:30 p. m.
\u25a0UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. • Bid.Ask.
4s <juar coup... 112 112% 4s qr cp (new). — 133»A
4s quar reg.... 112 112% 3s quar coup... 108 103
MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Bay C P C 5s.l06H107 Oceanic SS 5s.lC3^4 — \u25a0*
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 129>4
C C Water 5s.lllVill2^ Pac G Imp 4s. 33U —
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131Vi Pk & Cl H 6d.lO9 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Tk & O R 6s. .121 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5V4s.. — — Sac E O R 5a. 96% 93
Do as......... 99^100 S F & SJV 53. — —
Loe Ans R 5s. 117 — Sierra Cal 63.. — —
L A Light 6s.l01Vi — S P of Ariz 63
Do gntd 6S...100 — (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 53. .103 — (1910) 114% —
L A & P 5s... — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 58. — 123 (1905). Ser A. — lGfU
Mkt-st Cab 63. — 128^ U905), Ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122% (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2«,ill3y 3 (1912) 11914 _
Do-js — — S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01iA — c gntd £3. ...110*; —
Do 5s — 1C7Vj SPBr Cal 6s.l33Vi —
Nor Cal R 53.111 — S V Water 6s. — U2
Oak Gas 5s... .111% — Do 4s 1O3« ->v
Oak Trans 6s. 121 — Do 4s 3d m..lO2-
Do 1st c 5s.. 112 — Stktn Gas 6s. .104
Oak Wat g os.105 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77^ 78 Port Costa..... 63 gj
Marin County. 53 — Spring Valley. 87% SS'i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.- — — IPacific Light.. 41 -_- •
Equitable 3 3^ Sacramento ... 40
Mutual 4% 5Vj S F G & E.... 43 U\
Oakland 51 o2 San Francisco. <« 41^
Pac Gaa Imp.. 3OK 40ii Stcktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's ,Fund.24O — 1
Anglo-Cal — 80 L P & A.. ....158 li|\'i
California 405 - Mer Ex (llq).. is « \
Cal Safe Dep.109 — . S F National 130 _ *
First Natlonl..310 — - '.^""r ~
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under, 8c; over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags 4i)
per cent off from the above quotation*: dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c ' .
Prices stand the same. The packers are
getting- all the Hogs they want at 6c, and sup
plies of Beef. Mutton and Veal are sufficient
for the demand.
\u25a0 Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and S<S5Hc p«r lb
for Cows.
VEAL-Large, 7%@8%c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%®7c; Ewes, 6©6}4c per
pound. \u25a0•
LAMB- 7@Sc per lb. ' \u25a0
San Francisco Meat Market.
* : __ : 4
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 6% 6 8V4
Closing- ; 5 6% 6 8Vi
: . PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ..20 80 2175
Closing 20 80 2175
Flour —
Opening 26 70 27 80
Closing 26 70 27 80
Hay continues very firm and prices are slow
ly tending upward, as will be seen by the few
changes. Even the lower grades are doing
better. There is no further change in Feed
stuffs. - \u25a0 . _ . - . .
KHAN— $20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 60@22 50 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J16@17 per
tonj'Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing
$28 50@29 ; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21 ; Corn Meal'
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35; Mixed Feed
$18@19. \u25a0 .
HAY— Wheat. $8@11; Choice, $11 50; Wheat
and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat, $8@10; Barley and
Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover, $5 50® 7;
Volunteer. $5@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@45c per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuff. i.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 , per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', S2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked
AVheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Mour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@S 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l',£c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9V$c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf, 10©
lO^ic; Dry Hides, 16(8-16^0; Culls. 14c; Dry Kip
16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool
40<g60c each; medium, 50@75c; long. Wool, 90ci&
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, %2 50@2 75 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. . $1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skiiss. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6V4c; No. I rendered. 5©
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4Hc; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 19C0 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine, US
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, Il@l3c; do, fair to good 9@
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%@S%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, 8@3c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 11® 12c per lb
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice. . .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hups.
Canadian failures number 30, as against 29
last week. 36 in this week a year ago. 19 In
1S99 and 22 in 1S98. \u25a0
Failures in the United States for the week
number 1?3, as against 175 last week, 210 in
this week a year ago, 164 in 1899 and 233 in
1898.
The boot, shoe. leather and kindred Indus
tries were all active and Eastern- shoe ship
ments are 14 per cent larger for the week and
12 per cent larger for the season than a year
ago. The strength of hides and the recent ad
vance in leather, however, is still further nar
rowing the margin of profit, in shoe manufac
turing.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,719,898 bushels, as against 6,195,749
last week, and 4,292,855 in this week last year.
Wheat exports, July 1 to date (fourteen weeks),
aggregate 89,568,178 bushels, as against 50,458,240
last season.
Among cereal products ' the feature is the
active demand for: flour at higher prices.
Wheat is a fraction higher on the week, on a
belief that following the recent decline caused
by the heavily increased movement at the
Northwest and the gain in visible supply reac
tion -is due. • .. , ... .1 . • .
Hardware is active at nearly all markets
and supplies are generally limited. Some
weakness in nails is noticed at the Kast, not
withstanding active demand, but at the West
\u25a0wire mills are behind on orders. Special activ
ity in lead and zinc Is noted at Western pri
mary points. Copper is in hand-to-mouth de
mand here, but it is to be noted that spot
prices have advanced at London. Tin is higher
here in' sympathy with the speculative' advance
at the. same market. „ . •
. Iron and steel continue in active demand,
particularly for the cruder forms, such as pig,
and for finished . products affected by the re
cent strike.
The great mass of prices the country over
show few important changes, and this steadi
ness, In fact, is a notable feature of the trade
situation. The feature in sugar is ,the partial
restoration of the large reduction made in re
fined sugar at the West last week. Instead of
the 3%c quotation Of last week 4%c is now
asked, the large orders received at- the' lower
price making It certain that the full reduction
was an extreme one . .
NEW TORK. Oct. 11.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row -will say:
Some quieting down in the general demand
for merchandise is noted this week, partly the
result of weather conditions, such as r.ains in
the Northwest and warmer weather at the
West, while at the South the restricted move
ment of cotton delayed collections at several
markets. The lull in the demand for dry
goods, clothing and shoes from Western jab
bers is. however, not unexpected, being ac
counted for by the advanced ' stage of the sea
son. .A slight upward swing in prices is noted
this week, following the general gain in all
staples down in" September, but the changes
in cereals are small, whether upward or down
ward.
Cash quotations were as follows: Klour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@68%c; No. 2
red, G6s;if?70»ic; No. 2 oats, 35%@36c; No. 2
white, 37%®38%c: No. 3 white, 37V4@3S 1 / ic; No.
2 rye, S5(ff55%c; fair to choice malting barley,
E5®50c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 47; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 52; prime timothy seed, $5 55@5 60: mess
pork, per bbl, 113 S5@13 90: lard, per 100 lbs,
$9 33@9 37 1 /S: short riba sides (loose), $8 25®
8 40; dry Salted shoulders (boxed), \u25a0 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 80@8 90; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade, $S 35. :
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 31,000
Wheat,' bushels 170,000 140,000
Corn, bushels 209,000 134,000
Oats, bushels 200.000 153,000
Rye, bushels 13,000 1.00O
Barley, bushels 60.000 ' * 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@21V£c; dair
ies, 13@19c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 17%c.
\u25a0 NEW TORK. Oct. tL— Great speculative ac
tivity continued in the stock market to-day,
tut It was centered to a large extent in trans
continental Etocks, led by St. Paul, which rose
£% points over last night in the late dealings,
and closed 1 point below the btst. The ap
pearance of the market suggested the days of
last spring, dear to the memory of tie pro
fessional speculator, when the absorption of a
\u25a0new railroad system or a new transcontinental
combination iras rumored each successive day
end wifflj accepted in the credulous mood of
the speculative world. The activity of to-day's
market was largely dn« to the crop of rumors
revived by yesterday* 6 various reports of the
proposed plan for consolidating the control of
JCerthem Pacific, Great Northern and Burling
ton in one proprietary company. As a matter
of fact, the official disclaimers this morning
of the accuracy of the published reports and
the prompt relapse in the prices of Great
:N'orthern preferred and Northern Pacific pre
ferred had a somewhat chilling effect on the
epeculative sentiment. The general accord of
the current rumors in allowing that the stock
of Northern Pacific Itself was not yet provided
ior in the plan, the alleged provision for the
retirement of Northern Pacific preferred
through which the control by the Harriman
liuereets is cxerttd and the assertion by ret>
reseritttives of Karriman interests that that
syndicate was not a participant In the plan.
fcecmed to open up a vista, of renewed conten
tions. As the day progressed there was a re
vival of old rumors that Union Pacific was to
acquire St. Paul in exchange for new bonds.
In the presence of these pleasant old associa
tions speculative «nthuelaem seemed to take
flre. The buying of St. Paul was quite !n the
old prodigal fashion of outlay, and Union Pa
cific, Southern Pacific and Atchison were con
jpicuous followers. The extreme advance in
Vnion Pacific was 2% and in Southern Pacific
J?*- ****£\u25a0 J* 1 * 11 * \u25a0^ a » "V *°nr potato at one
time on lient dealings. Missouri Pacific by no
means kept pace with the other transconti
ner.tal raalroaa* and the GouW stocks as a
\u25a0wfcole were laggards. The South-westerns -were
effected bypoor eexnlugs for the first week in
October. Here and there in the railroad list
aiwl the T>rornlnent industrials there were ad
vances of «. point or enrer. bat the activity and
ttrength of the market were by no mtans gen
eral cr wcH distributed. The coolers and the
jo-called Morgan stocks, including the United
8tatf* Steel clocks. meem»a to be Httle affect
£l and morvea narrowly. Expectattdn of a good
We statement was general, founded more on
the tone or the money market than on actual
Information, and the showing will depend on
the loan item, chanp»s In which an necessarllT
obscure. The tecllns is growing that present
resources of tile banks are l!kely to prove suf
ficient to meet the further requirements of tie
interior for <rurr* > ncy. The roov«n<sit by px
press this *feekfell off over 8.000.000 from that
fh *^Z^ This feeling was an influence on
the strength of th« market. CommlKrton
houses reported little evidence of an inc-eaae
In the outside interest in the market and the
principal buying tras attributed to large EDec
ul«tive intererts. 6 v
The railroad bond market was quite active
a.n<l ehowed an Increasing strength. Total
eal«*. par value, S3.54«,000.
United State* 5s coupon advanced « t*t
cent on the last call. . *^
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— g«le« High Low Cl<w»
Atchieom €3.100 79 -714 70!^
AtchiBon pfd 12.2W *7 95*
Baltimore & Ohio 8,000 102^ 101U ins
Baltimore & Ohio pfd ..„ "** J g
Canadian Pacific 1,400 110 low ijn
Canada Southern 1.500 £J« g2«? • es\L
Chesapeake & Ohio f.ym 46% 45Vi 45«
Chicago & Alton 2,310 Z7hi zr,*i 37
Ch)<sifro,& Alton pfd.... 3P0 77K 77% 7715
Chicaro*lri4 & Loais... 1.000 42U 41^ <«
Chic Ind & Louis pf-J. 200 72*1 72W. 72U
Chicago & East niinoi* .'. .... 122
Cfcicaro & Ot western. 2,600 22% 22V» ?2*i
Chic & Ot "VTe^t A pfd. 300 grA4 8414 gj%
Chic & Gt West B pfd. 600 43% 42Vi 42
Chicago & Nortlrwestrn' 400 i%% V&y, \Wi
Chicago R I & Pacific.. 3,«00 144. J40'4 ]43
Chicago Term & Trani". TOO 21% 20% SI -
Ch'r-air T«-rm &• Tr pfd. l.»O9 3!Hi 3R»i Z?*L
C C C & St Loui,... S,8C0 8SH 87 S7*
Ntrs; York Stock Market.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, lOftc; three
half-barrels, 10V4c; one tierce, 10V4c; two tierces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
There was nothing new here. No cutting Is
reported and everybody is apparently selling
up to full quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12V6c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@HV5c; California
Hams, 13 Vic; Mess Beef, jll per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12.50; Prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c par pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
12V*c; 10-lb tins, 1294c; 5-lb tin, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
13c. .
The Chicago market opened firm, but weak
ened on the free selling of commission houses.
It subsequently hardened on buying by brokers.
The quotations were slightly higher on the
day. : .
Provisions.
Weather. Report.
<12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct- 11—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Jat». as compared with those of same dale
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
kours: *
Last This Last
Ftatio"6 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 4.23 2.b5
Red Bluff 0.00 \Ji 2.0a
Sscramer.to 0.00 O.;>6 O.GS
Sar. Franciscc 0.00 0.62 1.11
Fresno 0.00 0.57 0.43
In^pendence O.OO 0... O.W
San Luif Obispo <MW 0.23 1~!G
Los Angeles 0-00 0.12 Trace
Sar. D ;^o 0.06 0.(6 COS
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S£; minimum, 60; mean. 74.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures vere reported from Eastern- stations :
Bet-ton V:-:A; Cincinnati. 66-52; Washington.
76-C0; Jacksonville. 78-68; New York, 72-62; Kan
mls City M>-50- Omaha, 60-4S; Salt Lake City,
CO-4-i; liulirth. 52-38; Chicago, 64-60; Et_ Louis,
12-62; Philadelphia, 76-60.
THE COAST RECORD.
i c^ If
STATIONS. I !fl!<! |o I
; ; ; • a
jVftoria - *0.40 64 54 NW Clear .00
Bak«r 30.32 66 44 N Clear .00
Carson — 30.2G 72 S6 NE Clear .00
Eureka- 30.06 C6 60 W Clear .00
Fresno _2?.iiS 62 M NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 3U.1S 73 26 XW Clear .00
Po^-atello, Idaho... 30.12 M 46 SW Clear .00
Independence 30.02 SO 54 N Clear .00
Los Angeles -.29.08 74 SO V Clear .00
Phoenix 23.S8 92 5S W Clear -Cu
Portland 30.36 66 56 NW Clear .00
Red Blvff SO. 04 £2 70 N Clear .00
Ttoseburr 30.28 72 46 NW Clear ..00
Sacramento 30.09 82 62 NW Clear .00
fia.lt Lake- 30.18 64 44 N Clear .00
Kan Franciseo S0.C2 SS 60 X Clear .00
Pan Luis Oblspo SO. 02 S4 4S X Clear .00
fian IMero 2S.86 64 5$ NW Clear .00
Seattle S^.iO 61 56 NTV Clear .00
Spokane 20.34 6S SS NW Clear .00
NeahBay 30.50 54 50 E Clear .01
Walla W"alla- 30.34 74 E4 W Clear .00
"Wir.nemucca SO. 24 70 34 NW Clear .00
Tuma S0.S6 66 1% N Clear .00
Temperature 7 a. m., 64 degrees.
TTEATEEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen during the past twen
ty-four hours generally on the coast. From
the mouth of the Columbia River northward
the prec«ure exceeds 30.40 inches.
The temperature has risen from 10 to 20 de
crees during the past twelve houre along: the
coast from San Francisco to Point Conception.
Vnusuallv warm weather prevails in the San
Francisco Bay district, with maximum tem
peratures of J»o degrees. In the great valleys
of California warm wealher with light north
erly wind is reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours ending midnight October 12: '
Northern Calitornia— Fair Saturdays fre&h
northerlv winds; continued warm-
Southern California— Fair Saturday, chang
ing to cioudy; fresh easterly wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday, continued warm;
fresh northerly winds.
6an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
continued warm: light northeast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Exchange and -Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...:.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Sa%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 — 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were higher at
Liverpool and lower at Paris.
Favorable reports were received from the Ar
gentine crop. • \u25a0
Chicago was dull and featureless, and'sym
pathized with the heavy selling of Corn. The
market was also influenced by rumors of con
siderable cash business impending, which sent
tho shorts to cover. The buying became very
good. The exports from the different ports
for the week, according to Bradstreet's, were
4,728,000 bushels. Minneapolis stocks will in
crease 1,200,000 bushels for. the week.
This market showed no change worthy of
note.
- Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96%c; milling, 9S%o
@$1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. 97%c; 10,000, 97%c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 97%c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
97%c; 4000, 97%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, 37%c;
BARLEY— The market continues flat, stalo
and unprofitable. Prices show no disposition
to fluctuate either way.
Feed. 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71«c
for No. 1 and 67%c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier. 95c@
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The situation remains unchanged. The
feeling is very firm. The Government report,
published yesterday morning, raised the esti
mate of the country's crop Vbout 70,000,000
bushels, and was considered bearish
Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 1O@1 30; black,
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— The Government statement, published
yesterday morning-, was considered bullish at
Chicago, and that market was active and some
what higher in the face of enormous concen
trated selling. This market continued dull
and unchanged.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62%
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57%@1 6U
for mixed.
RYE— 75@77V2C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
* *
CHICAGO, Oct.. It-Considerable activity fol
lowed the opening of the corn market, induced
largely by the disappointment among the bear
clique, which expected a decided advance In
the olHcial crop report. At the close yesterday
this advance was predicted at at least five
points, and bears had sold freely in conse
quence. When, however, October's condition
wa% reported at but 52.1, as compared with Sep
tember's at 51.7, quick covering was the re
sult. December closed firm, %c higher, at 56%c.
Wheat ruled fairly active and higher, De
cember opening- %@%c higher on improved
cables at 69Vi@69%c. Statistics. If anything,
were bearish. Receipts were still very liberal,
though falling off somewhat in the Southwest.
Clearances were small and the export demand
was sluggish. In spite of these influences
wheat gained material strength, principally
from the corn report, and rose steadily through
out the session on -covering by shdrts. There
was some outside demand, which helped, and
December sold to 70V»c, easing off a trifle at
the end and closing strong, %c higher, at 70c.
Oats were moderately active early, but dull
and narrow later in the day. December closed
a shade lower at 35Vi@35%c.
An easy market in provisions at the opening
resulted from a renewed selling for the local
and outside accounts. Prices sagged rapidly
for a time in spite of a stronc hog market,
but on a development of a considerable local
demand, thought to be an effort of packers to
keep prices up, January products reacted and
held steady. January pork closed 12%o ad
vanced, lard 7%c up and ribs 5c higher.
Tht; leading futures ranged as follows:
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6(57c; sun-dried. 3%@4^c-
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4®Sc; Plums, pitted
3',2@5c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3%@3V>c for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows
30-40's, 5%@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c: SOLO'S. 4%©
4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4c; 70-Sffs, 3%@3%c; 80-90's 2%
@3c; 90-100" s, 2V4@2%c per lb. *
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50i fancy. $1 75. Lon
don layers — Three-crown, $135; Two-crown
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4%c;~ Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 5%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%c
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice, 7%c;
standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 8c
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%e.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9%c; No 2
7%c; No. 1 hardshell.. 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds*
134P14C for papershell. 10@llc for softshell ana
6<&6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern-
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll%c for light amber: water white extracted
5©6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark 4c *
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Everything on the list is quoted dull. There
seems to be a cessation of the demand at the
moment, though a reaction is expected to ap
pear at any time. Brokers say that even con
cessions fail to induce buyers to take hold.
The fact is the buying was so furious a month
or so ago that everybody got loaded up and
will not resume buying until stocks need re
plenishing. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Butter and Eggs are dearer. There Is no
change in Cheese.'
Meats and Poultry remain as before, but
Game is lower.
Several kinds of summer fruits and vegetables
are dropped from the list and others will soon
follow.
There is no change in Fish.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @13 00'SouthfleId
Wellington .. @11 00 Wellington $ @11 00
Seattle 9 00@- — ICoos Bay <Q 7 00
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, choice, sq.55@60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 45@50! dozen 35@4S
Packed, per lb 25@— Eastern Eggs 25@30
Cheese, Cal .......15@17j Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern... 17@20 pound 15@29
Cheese, Swiss 20@33 Do, extracted.... 8@10
Common Eggs .... 25©30
\u25a0 Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50©60| Rabbits, pair 40@5»
Young Roosters, Hare, each — ®2O
each 50@75 English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..40@50 dozen .14® —
Fryers, each 40® 50 Jack Snipe —4^2 CO
Broilers, each 40@50 i Mallard, pair $1@1 25
Turkeys, per lb-..15@20 ! Sprig, per pair — @75
Ducks, each 40<g50 Teal, per pair 50@60
Geese, each...$l 25@1 50 "Widgeon, pr pair.50@60
Pigeons, pair 4O@50 Small Duck, j?air.40<g3O
Doves, pr dz — @1 50|Wild Geese, pair.75@8O
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 15@20 Round Steak ;....10@—
Beef, choice 12@i5 Sirloin Steak 12@—
Do, good 10@— Tenderloin do 15(3 —
Corned Beef 10<g> — Porterhouse do-.17M,(fi:o
Ham «17<&1S Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard — @15|Pork. salt 10@12%
Mutton 8@10iPork Chops — @15
Lamb 10@12|Pork Sausages. .12%® La
Pork, fresh 15@— I Veal US-
Fruits and Nut^—
Alligator Pears, Lemons, doz 2C@30
encn — ®50 Nutmeg Melons,
Almonds 15@20 each 5<gl0
Apples , 3@ S Peaches, per lb... 4fi 8
Bananas, doz ,...15@25 Pears, lb ,\ 5@ 8
Blackberries, dwr.20@30i Plums, lb 4#10
Cranberries, <jt — -h§ 15 1 Pineapples, each..40a;0
Cocoanuts, each...— @1!), Pomegranates dz.40®;o
Chestnuts, per lb-15@25| Persimmons, doz. @30
Cantaloupes, ea.12%^15! Quinces, per lb... ZCa 5
Figs, per Yu sigio I Raisins, per lb.... 5@1>
Grapes, per lb 5@ 6 Raspberries, dwr.40S5O
Grape Fruit, doz. ..$150 Strawberries, per
Huckleberries, drawer 30<gS0
per lb ." 10@12% Walnuts, per lb..l5©20
Oranges, doz 25@50 Watermelons, ea..lO@23
Limes, doz — @13j
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz. ..40060 Onions, per lb 10 s
Beets, doz 10® — Leeks, doz bch3...154f" > o
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Okra, green. lb..8@12%
Colored, per lb.. 5@— Green Peppers, lb 5@ 8
Dried Lima, lb.. 8@ S Potatoes, per lb.. 2@2%
Green Lima, lb.. 8@10 Sweet Potatoes, lb 2@l.
Cranberry Beans.. 6@ — Parsnips, pr doz 10@
Cabbage, each 5@— Radishes, dz bchs.}5<§20
Celery, head 5@- Sage, doz bnchs...J5@3j
Cress, doz bnchs.l5@20 String Beans, lb.. 6@ I
Cucumbers, doz... 10^15 Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb 4® 6 per pound !.. AQ t
Garlic 4@ 6 Sprouts, per lb... @
Green Peas, lb — 6@ 8 Spinach, per lb... 5@
Green Corn, doz.. 10@ JO Thyme, doz bchs 25@30
Lettuce, per doz.. 15@20 Turnips, per doz.. 10®—
Mushrooms, pr lb. — @ — [Tomatoes, per lb.. 4@ •
Fish-
Carp — ® 8 Striped Bass 12%<313
Catfish 10@— Sea Bas 12%©—
Codfish 12@15 Smelts 12%@13
Flounders 8<£i;l0 Soles 8®1J
Halibut 12%#15 Skates, each .... saio
Herring —®— Squid -...—©—
Mackerel 15@— Tomcod ir^4(K15
Do. horee 10@- Turbot 15^25
Perch 8©10 Trout 2u@25
Pompino 4C@50 Brook Trout..... ©73
Rockcod 12%@15 Whlteflsh -JOS—
Rockfish 10@12% Clams, gallon..... lo®—
Salmon, fresh — @— Do. hardshell, lb 8@io
Do, smoked 15@25 Crawfish SiglO
Sardines 10@ — Mussels, quart.... @ s
Shrimps — @10 Oysters, Cal, 100..40@50
Shad Vi®— Do. Eastern. dz.25@40
* -__ 1 4-
NETV YORK. Oct. XL— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,196 barrels; exports, 5915 barrels. Fairly ac
tive and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, ." 98,300 bushels: exports,
47,255 bushels. Spot firm. No. 2 red, 76%c t. o.
b. afloat; No. 2, 74%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 76V£ C f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 81%c t. o. b. afloat. Options were -gen
erally firm all day on covering, the corn ad
vance, higher cables, rains In. the Northwest,
smaller Argentine shlsments and foreign and
Southwest buyinsr. The close was firm at %c
advance. May, 78!4@78 15-16c, closed at 78%c;
October clossd at 73%c; December. 75 5-16®
75%c, closed at 75%c.
HOPS— Steady.
H1DKS— Steady.
WOOL— Ouiet.
COFFEE-rSpot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, steady: Cordova, 7%@llc. Coffee
futures closed steady, with prices net un
changed. Total sales, 52,250 bags, Including:
October, $5 25; November, $5 30; December,
$5 40; January, $5 50@5 55; March, $5 60@5 75;
April, $5 70; May, $5 80@5 85; June, $5 90; July,
?o 9(X§6; September, $6 C5@6 15.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 5-16c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c.
Refined steady."
BUTTER— Receipts, 6935 packages; dull and
easy. State dairy, 14@20%c; creamery, 15@
21Vic; June creamery, 18@21c; f acton', 12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5500 packages; steady. West
ern candled, 2KQ21%c; uncandled, 17@21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-The market for
evaporated apples ruled very quiet but about
steady at unchanged prices. State, common
to irood, 6@8c; prime, 8%c; choice, 9c; fancy,
9%@9M:C.
Calitornia dried fruits were featureless.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8'4@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
Colorado Southern 500 13T4 13% 13%
Colorado So 1st pfd 200 64Vi 64 54\i
Colorado So 2d pfd _ 200 24* 24 24fc
Delaware & Hudson.... LIO 166% 166 166
Dela Lack & Western.- 1,200 224 223ii 223
Denver & Rio Grande... 1,700 45% 44*» 45%
Den & Rio Grande pfd.. L600 93Vi 9!H 93
Erie 59,600 42»i 41% 42
Er-e 1st pfd. 4,600 70% 70 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1,400 hl% 56 £6Vi
Great Northern pfd 9,?00 196% 133% 193%
Hoekine Valley 2W) 53»« 53* 53
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 1,500 146 144% 145
Iowa Central 1,600 41% 40% 40%
Iowa Central pfd 700 79 7S 7S
Lake Erie & Western... 100 63 .69 '65
Leke Erie & West pfd. 500 12S 12S 125
Louisville & Nashville. 9.500 104% 103% 104%
Manhattan L 7,100 121% 119% 121
Metropolitan Street Ry. 3,600 159% 158% 159
I Mexican Central 400 23% 23V 23%
! Mexican National 1L000 14% - 14% U%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 2.100 107% 106 107
Missouri Pacific 37,200 97% 95% 97
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 3,100 26% 26% 26%
Missouri Kns & Tx pfd. 2,200 52% 51% 52%
New Jersey Cent ex-div 100 164% 164U 1S2
New York Central 13,300 158% 156% 157V5-
Norfolk & Western 10,900 56}g 55% 56
Norfolk & Western pfd SS
Northern Pacific pfd 2C>0 S9% SS%' 98
Ontario & V.'estern 3.600 34>i 33% 31%
Pennsylvania 19.200 145% 144% 145?«
Reading 10,100 41% 4O% -31 '
Readies: 1st pfd 7,400 76% 76 % 76»4
Heading- 2d pfd 9,700 52'4 51% 51%
St Louis & San Fran... 1,600 42% 41% 42%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 100 . 78 78 78%
St Louis & S F :d pfd.. 1,100 67% 66% 67%
St Louis Southwestern. 700 29 2SVi 2SV4
St Louis Southwsta pfd 2,200 58% 56% 57^i
St Paul 152,."C0 167 159V* 156
St Paul pfd 2,100:187% 1S6 187U
Southern Pacific 101,100 59% 59% 59%
Southern Railway 1S.600 33% 22% 33>i
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.600 S6& • 86 86*4
Texas & Pacific 2,S0O 41 40 40%
Toledo St Louis & West 400 21% 2U4 21%
Toledo St L & West pfd 600 37 36 1 * 36V4
Union Pacific 138,100 1CO»4 97% 100%
Union Pacific pfd - 2,200 S3»i S'hi SSU
Wabash 5,G00 21 ' 19% 20?*
Wabash pfd 7.1C0 SS^ 37% 38
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 800 IS W% 18
Wheel & L E 2d pfd •. 2$
Wisconsin Central 2,400 22 21% 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 42% 41% 41^
Express companies —
Adams ISO
American „ iss
United States P0 "
Wells-F&r&o 160
M iecellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 5S,800 90% S&M 89%
Am Car & Foundry 3.100 25% 25H 25%
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 200 81 &1 80
Am Linseed Oil 16
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45
Am Smelting & Refln.. 8,100 44 42<A 43%
Am Smelt & Refin pfd.. 900 98 87% 98V»
Anaconda Mining Co 5.4C0 37 36i* 36%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 2L70O 61 F.9% 61V*
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 4,600 93% SI 93%
Consolidated Gas 1,400 218'^ 217% 21Sb
Continental Tobacco pfd 114 Vi
General Electric 1,500 259% 257 255 "
Glucose Sugar «30 47% 46Vi 46%
Hocking Coal 17%
International Paper 500 23% 23 23%
International Pap pfd... SCO 79 78% 78%
International Power .... 500 89% &S% 6S%
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 300 42 42 42%
National Lead _ 1.100 20 1974 20
National Salt 100 30% 30% 30¥>
National Salt pfd 100 62 62 61-
North American 100 96 96 95
Pacific Coast '. 63
Pacific Mail 1.500 44 43% 44%
People's Gas 11,700 106% 105% 106%
Pressed Steel Car 700 89% 39% 39%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 900 79 78% 78%
Pullman Palace Car 300 218 217 216
Republic Steel 3,600 15% 14% 15%
RepubUc Steel pfd 900 67 66% 66%
Sugar 16,100 119% 117% 118%
Tenn Coal & Iron 3,200 61% 60% 60%
Union Bag & Paper Co 14%
Union Ba^- & P Co pfd 70
United States Leather.. 400 12% 12% 12V4
United States Leath pfd 1,600 80% 80 S0%
United States Rubber... 200 15% 15 15
United States Rub pfd.. 100 62 52 52
United States Steel 24,100 43% « 43% 43'-i
United States Steel pfd. 13.300 9! 93% 93%
Western Union 3.000 92 91% 91%
Total sales 958,500
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 6 ret 2s reg 109 L & N unl 4s 107
Do 2s coupon 109 L & N uni 4s 1C1
Do 2s reg 107% Mexican Cent 4s.. 84
Do 3s coupon.... 108 Do 1st inc 31
Do new 4s reg..l39 Minn & St L 4s. ..103%
Do new 4s coup. 139 M K & T 4s 93%
Do old 4s reg. ...112 Do 2ds 80%
IX) old 4s <»oup..ll2 N T C lsts 105%
Do 5s reg 107% | Do gen JV'-s 109
Do 5s coupon 107% |N J C gen 5s 130%
Atchison gen 4s. ..103% N Pacific 4s 104%
Do ad] 4s 88 Do 3s 72%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. ..102 N & W con 4s 102%
Do 3%s SoVi Reading gen 4s.... 96
Do coet- 4s 105"/. St L & I M con os.115%
Canada So 2ds 107% St L & S F 4s 95
Cent of Ga 5s 106 St L Swstrn'lsts.. 98%
Do 1st inc 72 Do 2ds 78'fi
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07 S A & N A P 4s.... S5V>
Chic & Alton 3%s. 84% S Pacific 4s 92V4
C B & Q new 4s.. 98 S Railway os 117%
C M & St P gen 46.110% Tex & Pac lsts 119
Chi & N con 7s.. ..133% T St L & W 4s.... 81%
Chi R I & Pac 4e.lO6% U Pacific 4s 106%
C C C & St L g 4s.lC4 Do conv 4s 107V-
Chicago Term 4s.. 93% Wabash lsts 119%
Colorado & So 4s.. 87% Do 2ds Ill
Denver & R G 4s. 102% Do deb B 59%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98 West shore 4s 112%
Erie gen 4s 88 W & L E 4s 84
F W & D C lsts. ..103 IWisc Cent 4s 88%.
Hocking Val 4%s.lC6 Con Tobacco 43.... 65%
NEW YORK JONING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15|Little Chief it
Alice .*. 45!Ontario ;..ll 00
Breece 140!Ophlr 63
Brunswick Con CTPhoenir OGI
Comstock Tunnel.. ©6!Poto6l ;>, 03
Con Cal & Va 1 60;Savaye 06
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 65
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AXD BONKS.
Money— West End 93
Call loans JV4@>4% Westingh Elec .... 72
Time loans 4@6 Bonds —
Stocks— N E G & Coke 5s.. 62%
Atchison 78% Mining shares—
do prefd 96% Adventure .a.. 24%
Am Sugar U» Blngham Min Co.. 81
Am Telephone 159% Amalg Copper 89%
Boston & Alban7-.257 Atlantic ....33%
Boeton Elevated... 159 Calumet & Hecla..69O
Boston & Maine 193 Centennial 21%
Dom Coal 45% Franklin 1714
do prefd 116% Humboldt 5
U S Steel 43%|Osceola 102%
do prefd ;. 98%jParrot 40
Ova Electric 258% Quincy 163 _
Mex Central 23% Santa Fe Copper... 5
N E G & Coke 5% Tamarack 300
Old Colony 206% Utah Mining 24«i
Old Dominion 28 Wlnona 2%
Rubber 15 Wolverines 61
Union Fadfio 100
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the stock market was distinctly
Improved to-day, and there was much more ac
tivity, especially in the American department,
jj Copper shares spurted with Amalgamated
Co1>per, Rio Tlntos 1% and Anacondas 1%.
American stocks opened with London a free
buyer, expecting handsome profits, but New
Tork etolidlty made London sulk, although the
reaction was unimportant. The coal stocks
were the favorites in the expectation of a re
vival of the combination. Erie was In particu
lar demand. London.' observing that New Tork
is all the time absorbing, talks of. a resump
tion of the bull movement, and the activity of
the Morgan, Hill and Harriman interest en
courages buyers. - V-i™
A £ B £? a 'I,," 1 , 111 a k ** n of rold, and
probably will intercept the £400,000 due from
the Caoe on Monday.
CLOSING.
X 5? : L/ Oct - 1L -Atchison 80%. Atchison
pref erred. W%; Anaconda. 7%; Canadian Pacific
113 ; Dottct and Rio Grande, 46%: Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 95%; ' Northern . Pacific
GRAPES — Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates.
wHich are quoted as follows: Sweetwater, 25@
40c per box and crate; Tokay, 40@60c; Muscat
40@60c; Black, 40@65c; Isabella, 40@75c; Corni
chon, 4C@75c; -Wine Grapes, fzs@33 per ton for
Zinfandel and $25@27 50 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$4; Lemons,
$1@1 25 for common and $2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $1@3; Mexican Limes,
fresh, $6 50@7 50; Bananas, 75c@$l 50 ser bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, BOS^Sc per box; Canta
loupes, 75c@|l 25 per crate; Watermelons, ?3@15
per 100.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 23fi 65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 40@S5c per box; Prunes, 75c® $1 per
crate.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box; Peaches -in car
riers, 50@90c.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c per small box.
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@|l per box.
QUINCES— 40'g'60c per box.
PERSIMMON'S— %\<§\ 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3® 4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES. per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES-6@8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, ?9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
'FIGS— 50@S5c per box for black and for
white.
The market continues dull and featureless.
There are sufficient Grapes, Peaches, Plums
and other fruits here to fill the demand and
prices show little change. Melons are in bet
ter demand, owlne to the hot weather, but
prices show little variation.
Cranberries continue to meet with a brisk
demand to arrive.
• There is nothing new In citrus fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flonr, qr sks 29.33J]Hop3. bales 103
Wheat, ctls 139.507|Wool. sks 15;
Barley, ctls 15.950jWine, gals 27.700
Oats, ctls l,500|Brandy. gals .... 6,300
Tallow, ctls 260 Leather, rolls 93
Beans sks 2,877 Quicksilver, flsks 75
Potatoes, sks 5,561 Chicory, bbls ... "10
Onions, aks 227 1 Raisins, bxs 2,500
Bran sks 4,7C0;Pelts, bdls 302
Middlings, sks .. 636 Hides, No 562
Hay tons 620 Sugar, ctls 14,500
Straw, tons ..... 20 1
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 8S0^
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER XL
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1L— The following table,
compiled by Bradstrett, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended
October 10, with the percentage of increase or
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year.
„ ... Inc. Dec.
New York $1,237,365,057 41.7
Chicago 155,877,047 11.5
Boston 142,181,149 24.S
Philadelphia 95,357,658 : 16.5
St. Louis 36,249,584 .... 11.0
Pittsburg 34,383,966 , 19.5
Baltimore 21,448,962 6.1
San Francisco 23.435.S34 8.3 .. .
Cincinnati 17.316,550 14 2
Kansas City 1S,45'J,S59 ....." *6 i
Minneapolis 16,12o,d73( 27 2
Cleveland 13, 442, 5S0 24.7 .'.'.'.
New Orleans 11,371,901 .... 15.S
Detroit 13.044,55} 62.6
Louisville 9,109,564 23.1
Indianapolis 9,146,571 4S 0
Providence 6,622,500 4.6
Omaha 6,89U,862 :... 7.9
Milwaukee , 6,947,026 115
Buffalo .:..... 6,410,631 ' 22.5
St. Paul - 5,493,S93 '3.3
Savannah., .4,991,267' .:.. 30.2
Denver..'. 4,374,802 15.5
St. Joseph . 5,231,423 . 31.1
Richmond ; 3,703,400 10.1
Memphis 3,134,344 23.2
Seattle 4,472,104 34,3 ....
Washington'... 2,881,453 24.9
Hartford I 2.SS6.9S9 28.6 ....
Los Angeles 3,028,365 27.8 ....
Salt Lake Cift' 3,218,376 38.8 ....
Toledo 3,165,SS5 33.9
Portland. Or 3,236,223 8.7 ....
Rochester '. 2,106,289 16.4
Peoria 2,450,856 .... 2.3
Fort Worth 2,920,706 fl.2
Atlanta. 3,096,288 15.6
Norfolk 1,465,191 3.5
Des Moines 1,739,431 21.6
New Haven 1,578,874 "7.1
Springfield, Mass 1,549,034 16.2 /..'.
Augusta 1,917,205 .... 16.0
Nasbyille 1»699,532 3.9
Worcester 1,761,149 33.7
Grand Rapids 1,274 7S0 - 2'
Sioux City 2,615,252 10.1 ..'.'.
Dayton, 0 1,237,653
Scranton 1,257,582 34.0 .'.'.'
Syracuse 1,274,853 20.0
Portland, Mo. '. • l,c53,304 46.0
Spokane l,E2'J,204 22.1 ....
Tacoma 1.364,812 3.7
Evansville S43.C95 3.4
Wilmington. Del 1,502,904 6S.1
Davenport 1,376,431 9.0
Fall River 1,037,252 2.3
Birmingham 933,871 .;.. 3 9
Topeka 1.2W.23S 24.0 ....
Macon 841,000 20 7
Little Rock S&0.462 15.7
Helena 5S4.695 2.5
Knorville , 746,024 2S.1 ....
Lowell 633,150 20.1 ....
Wichita 491,935 4.9
Akron E73.10O 13.0
New Bedford 526,089 33.5
Lexington 490,653 .... 5 2
Springfield, 111 533,790 14.8 •
Birmingham 346,600 .... 4.4
Chattanooga 495,951 10.7
Kalamazoo 397,796 1 •>
Fargo 501,971
Youngstown 521,351 35.6
Springfield, Ohio 381,261 12.8
Rockford S43.473 6.1
Canton 3S1.300 41.1
Jacksonville 359,264 42.4 ....
Sioux Falls „ 260,596 47.6
Fremont 233,168 108. 0 ....
Blocmington, 111 307,747 32.3
Jackson, -111 167,762 2.4
'Columbus, Ohio ...... 6,714,500 21.6 .. .
»Galveston 10,647,000 38.6
'Houston 14,215,850 59.1 ....
Colorado Springs 930,383 10.9
••Wheeling, W. Va.... 646,944
••Chester 368,979
••Wilkesbarre 711,843
Totals, U. S .$2,041,367,499 29.8 ....
Outside N. Y 744,002,442 13.4
CANADA.
Montreal $20,450,105 36.0
Toronto 12,862,397 16.1 ....*
Winnipeg 3,213,476 55.0
Halifax 1,665,846 6.9
Vancouver, B. C 1,204,303 8.1
Hamilton 915,492 2.4
St. John, N. B 820.715 2.2
Victoria, B. C 056,434
Quebec 1,630,136
Totals, Canada.......... $41,788,818 25.6
•Not included in totals- because containing
other items than clearings.
••Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
*- . U
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day:
Tokays. $1 80; assorted, $1 90; Bilyeau Lates,
55c; Winter Nellis, 60c@$l 55, average $1 15;
Ames, 45c; Sal ways, 35@55c, average 54c;
George Late, 50@aoc, average 54c; White
Frees, 35@45c, average 40c; Levi Clings, 45c;
Lemon Clings, 40@45c, average 44c; Clusters.
$1 06@2, average $175; Moroccos, $1 65@2, av
erage $1 75; Muscats, S0@95c, average 92c; Cor
nlchons, $1 70.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Tokays, Jl 10@l 55, 'average $1 39; Clusters,
$1 90©2 20, average $2 12; Morocco, $2 30; Mus
cats, $1 20@l 70, average $1 45; Cornichons,
$1 75, assorted 80c@$l 60, average $1 69; Cornice,
$4 60@4 60. average $4 68; Winter Nellis, $1 50®
4, average $3 03; Columbia*, $2 15; Zoes, $2 20ig)
4, average S3 24; Salways; 55c; Bartletts, $3 15;
Keifer, $1 35; Morceaus. 60c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Cotton futures closed
2@5 points lower. **"
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 1L— Clearings, 1528,303; bal
ances. $45,013. '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 63c; valley and blue stem, 54c.' .*;.
Cleared— British bark East Indian, with 106,
600 bushels wheat ; I
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 11.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 53%c; club, E2%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 1L— Consols, 93^4; Silver, 26%d;
French Rentes, lOlf 97%c; cargoes on passage,
depressed; cargoes of No. 1 Standard California,
28s; cargoes of Walla Walla, 27s 3d; English
country markets, part cheaper. /<
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 11.— Wheat; quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9%d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, part cheaper; weather in
England, overcast. •
COTTON— Uplands, 4 31-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— HOPS— Pacific Coast,
steady; £3 10s asked for new crop and £3 5s
bid; only choice grades offering.
WASHINGTON, Oct, ll.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows.^ Available cash
balance, $167,550,037; gold, $101, 464, 208.. \u25a0: .• .-
Condition of the Treasury.
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@2»c per lb for fancy
and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, 18@25c; store
Butter. 15@17&c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22%c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg. 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 37@39c for selected large. 34
@36 for good to choice and 32%@32c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern. - 18@24c.
• Most' dealers continued to deprecate the too
rapid advance In Butter and Eggs, saying that
they were willing to give buyers concessions
to make sales. 1 At the same time there was no
desire to- lower quotations. Stocks are not
large but" seemingly sufficient, and the demand
is nothing extra.
Eastern Eggs are quoted higher.
Receipts were 36,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 5S3 cases of Eggs. 405
cases Eastern Eggs. 6200 pounds of California
Cheese and 2S.800 pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wiicat and Barley continue inactive.
Oats firm. Com and Rye dull.
Hay very firm and slowly advancing.
Beans dull and unsettled.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry plentiful and Game weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Fruit market quiet and without feature.
Dried Fruits now neglected and easy.
Provisions still unsettled.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Brisk trading on the Stock and Bond Exchange.
Coal in sufficient supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Close: ! Money on call
is steady at 3<*3% per cent; last loan, 3% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%tf?5 per cent,
hterilng exchange was easier, with actual busi
llf^H bankers' bills at T4 S6@4 SS% for de
mand and at $4 83y«{r4 Si for sixty days. Post
ed rates, $4 S4%@4 &5 and $4 87. Commercial
b Ills, $4 &ZWS4 83%. Bar silver, steady/ 57%c
Mexican dollars, , 45Uc. Bonds, Governments,
arm; fetate; inactive; railroad, strong.
New York Money Market.
Pc I^ fei 7f d ' 1C1^' e x-div!dend; Southern Pacific,
ferred 90°" Paclflc> 101 *^ ; Union Pacific pre
13ar'silver— Flat. 26%d per ounce.
Money-l%<§6.}4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@
1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3ffl3-60 for old
and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters. $4@4 50; old Roosters. $3 5O@4; Fry
ers. $3 25IR3 50; Broilers, $3@3 25 for large and
$2 50@2 75 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $t; Hare. $1; Rab
bits. $1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Mal
lard, $4 50@5; Sprig. $2.® 2 GO; Teal. $1 50@2; Wid
geon. $150; Small Ducks. $125; Black Jacks.
; English Snipe, ; Gray Geese, $4 50.
Poultry was in good supply and unchanged.
Receipts of Game were 60 sacks, and as the
very hot weather was against it prices were
lower.
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
12,000; left over, 2500; bulk steady; best medium
strong; mixed and butchers, $6@6 40; Rood to
choice heavy, $6 3O@<3 62% ; rough heavy, $5 70@
6; light, $6@6 30; bulk of sales, $5 8O@6 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; 10<@>15c lower; lambs.
15@25c lower; good to choice wethers, $3 50®
4; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 50; Western sheep,
$3@3 80; native lambs. $3@5 15; Western lambs,
$3 25@4 75.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Oct. 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1062; market steady; Texans, steady;
natives, $2 80<£6 30; Texans «.nd Westerns.- $2 63
@5 80; cows and heifers, $1 50@5 10; bulls and
stags, $2®5\ stockers and feeders, $1 50@4 30;
yearlings and calves, $2@4; veals. $3@6.
HOGS— Receipts, 7123; market closed steady
to weak; piys, strong to 10c higher; light and
light mixed, - $5 90@6 35; medium and heavy,
$6 15@6 30; pigs. $4 75@6 10; bulk of sales, $6 15@
6 20. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 5940; market 15@25c higher
than Tuesday; lambs generally 15c higher than
last week: lambs, $3 75@4 60; sheep. $3@3 50;
ewes. $2 75(3-2 15. . • ,
California Fruit Sales.
Failures for the week numbered 231 in the
United States against 232 last year and 34 in
Canada, against 32 iast year.
Wholesome activity is still the feature at iron
furnaces and steel mills. While old orders are
tilled efs rapidly as possible, there Is no imme
diate prospect of catching up with contracts,
especially as each day brings new business with
delive rles running far into next year.
l J igiron production on October 1, according to
the- Iron Age, was at the rate of 307,982- tons
weekly, an increase of S112 tons over the output
on September 1 and 84,813 tons more than in
October, 1800. Yet furnace stock steadily de
creased, amounting only to 361,593 tons October
1, against 670,541 a year ago and supplies In
consumers hands are believed to be light. Foot
wear shops are still producing at. full capacity,
not only in the old-established New England
factories, but In this State and in the West and
houth; prices are unchanged also, although
manufacturers contemplate the advancing of
the leather market with some Increasing inter
est. Hides and leather are at the top price of
the year, while the finished product sells below
the prices of early spring. \u25a0 \u25a0
Quiet conditions prevail in the dry goods mar
w ' not because of light demand, but through
the strong views of sellers, which prevent ex-
POrt sales as TreU as domestic business.
•silently better relative prices have been es
tablished by the leading cereals, wheat making
a fair gain, while corn lost a little of its ex
ceptional strength.- There is no evidence of
holding back for higher prices in Western re
ceipts for two weeks of 15.83S.426 bushels,
against 12,918,3S3 last year, when more attrac
tive quotations prevailed. . Export3 from the
United States are not equal to the recent rec
ord-breaking figures, but" still compare fairly
well with earlier years. For the week, flour
included, shipments reached 4.188,328 bushels,
a sainst 3,583.438 a year ago. and 4,329,829 for
toms. labor is well employed at good wages and
the- buying power of the people is more than
sufficient to meet the advance In the cost of
living of 4.6 per cent over the price prevailing a
year a^o..
Green Corn 40@50c per sack; Alazneda, 50®. oc
per crate: "Berkeley. -50@75c; Summer Squash.
35@50c; Marrowfat Squash, $6@S per ton; Hub
bard Squash. — — . .
COAL. OIL— Water "White Coal Oil. in bulk
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 13%c; Astral, l9Uc*
Star, 19%c; Extra Star. 23%c; Elaine. 24'£e :
Eocene. 21!4c; deodorized stove Gasoline. ir>
bulk. 15c; In cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c
In cases. 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Suerar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c: Pow
dered. 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.73c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bairs
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A, 4.23c; Extra C. 415c;
Golden C, 4.05c: D. 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 30-lb
bags, 10c more. • No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.13c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
our serious setback la a large number of our.
factories, where labor disturbances seriously*
militated against their progress for two or more
months. It is very difficult to get any definite
information from British Columbia as to th*
extent of damage done at the recent fire in
the Wellington collieries. It 13 generally be
lieved the output will be much dlminishpfl
and that our market here will seriously feel
the want of coal for domestic purposes. Thpre
need be j no fear as to our requirements fop
steam purposes. The. loading list at Swacs»a,
Wales, and Newcastle. Australia, has adileft
several new names during the past two weeks
clearly showing that we will have considerable
tonnage heading this way to transport our
wheat. Grain freights outward are not as en
ticing as they were last month."
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled!
74c: raw. 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels: Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 83c: cases. 30c-
China Nut. 55ifi72c per gallon; pure Neatsfcot
In . barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c-
Whale OH. natural white. 40@45c per gallon-
Fish Oil. in barrels. 37Vic; cases. 42Vfec: Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
Bank Clearings.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 68 68^4 68 68Vs
December 69^ TOH 69% 70
May 73 73% 72% 73%
Corn No. 2—
October 55U 55% 55*4 C5%
December '. 57 57% 66«4 66%
May 68^4 tSfi 58 58%
Oats No. 2—
October 34Vi 34^4 34% '. ZiV*
May 37% 37%- 37%- 37^
Doccmber 35% 35% 35% 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl— -r"
October .... .... 13 85
January 15 00 15 05 14 87% 15 05
May .....15 07% 15 15 14 97% 15 15
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 9 30 9 37% 9 30 9 37%
November 9 25 9 SO 9 15 9 30
January 8 87% 8 97% 8 82% 8 17%
May 8 87% 8 S7% 8 85 8 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 8 27% 8-35 8 25 8 32y;
January 7 75 7 75 7 72% 7 75"
STOCK MARKET.
10Joshua T. Brooks.
SALEM,- Or... Oct. -.11.— Joshua T. Brooks,
second vice-president of the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, died at his home to
day of, Bright's disease. He was 61 years
of age. • .
Judge Lawlor's Vacation.
Judge Lawlor will leave Sunday, by
steamer for Victoria on his well earned
vacation. He will, go over the Canadian
Pacific Railroad to New. York to visit his
home after an absence of 24 years, and
v, ill then visit numerous points of inter
est In New York State and Canada before
his return.'.
A Human Insecticide.
Grace Emrrferson. a young, woman of
Clyde, N, Y., stands in no terror of mos
quitoes or. kindred pests. The instant that
a'ily, mosquito, -bee -or other insect
bitea or stings, her it drops dead." The
bite leaves only a small red spot, without
the usual swelling or h'fiammation. Doc
tors have a theory in every « such case,
of- course. In regard to Miss Emmerson
they say that- her condition is due to l a
peculiar condition of. the blood, -which at
some time has been poisoned by Insect
bitesi, these acting as an anti-toxlnei or
virus.— Chicago Daily News. J ;•',\u25a0'.>,"
Men are born -with r two 'eyes and oniy
one tongue in order that -they should see
twice as much aa they speak; Of. course
this does not apply to.women.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Preparations are
being made for the celebration of a har
-vest home festival at the First Presby
terian Church next Sunday night. Mem
bers of the congregation are tendering
and securing donations of provisions of
all kinds intended for the poor of the city.
These gifts. Including sacks of flour,
bread, vegetables and a great many other
fcdibles, are gathered in the church the
fiay before the festival and arranged
about the rostrum. It has been the cus
tom to celebrate the harvest home festi
val everv year in the First Presbyterian
Church, last year being the one exception
since its establishment. The omission
was caused by the lack of a. regular
pastor. This year the Rev. E. E. Baker,
tho pastor, will preach at both morning
and evening services and there - will be
special music. f^'Kt'j:
Harvest Home Festival.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 11.—Arrange
ments for the funeral of president Lor
enzo Snow of the Mormon church, who
died tn this city yesterday, were perfected
at a meeting of the church authorities to
da 1 '. - \u25a0 \u25a0 •• * \u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0 •*. '\u25a0 \u25a0 * \u25a0
The funeral take place on Sunday.
Committees commenced working on the
details. of what' will be one of the most
imposing funerals ever held In this State.
Special rates on all the railroads will be
made on the day of the funeral, and many
thousands of visitors are expected from
all points In Utah and surrounding States.
, The body will lie in state at the Bee
Hive Sunday from 7. to 10 a. m.; when the
funeral procession will start for the Tab
ernacle', where the public services will
take place. The Twelve Apostles will act
as pallbearers. Upon the conclusion of
the' Tabernacle exercises the remains will
be taken to the Oregon Short Line depot,
whence on a special train the body will
be taken to Brigham City, where the in
terment will take place.
Elaborate Arrangements Made for
• the Services Over Remains of
.' — Lorenzo . Snow.
MORMONS WILL MEET
. at impeessive: funeral
Views were shown of prominent points
in the provinces of Nova Scotia, Cape
Breton. Prince Edward Island, New
Brunswick, Quebec. Ontario, Manitoba
and the Northwest territories, finishing
with British Columbfa. after exhibiunsr
several splendid views of Rocky Moun
tain scenery. As a large proportion of
th*; audience was born and reared in Can
ada, when their native places were shown
their joy was unbounded. The chief gave
some interesting information and statis
tics in the court-e of his lecture.
During the intermissions in the lecture
an interesting programme was rendered,
consisting- of highland dancing by Miss«s
Virginia Schultze, Elaine Duhem, Lizzie
Ferguson and Frances Dougherty; selec
tions by Noil Lindsay, the club piper:
readings, "The Battle or Maeersfontoin"
and "The Burial of General Wauchope,"
by Mrs. Barry McKay, and songs by Hiss*
Zena Roberts. Dancing was kept up for
two or three hours after the conclusion
ft the literary part of the programme.
'Andrew McXair, James H. Duncan and
J W. Cameron were the literary commit
tee and Andrew McNalr, J. E. McDonald,
William Mitchell. J. E. MacCormac, Rod
Chisholm and Neil Lindsay the reception
committee.
-Every seat in Scottish Hall was occu
pied last night and many people had to be
turned away, so great was the crush t<i
hear the lecture given by Chief A. M.
Jiacpherson of the Caledonian Club on a
trip from «the Atlantic to the Pachlc
through the Dominion of Canada, wiih
Ftereoptlcon views ai>out 150 in number.
The chief had spent considerable time
and expense in getting his collection of
views, but he was fully recompensed by
the great pleasure he afforded the large
audience.
Chief A. M. Hacpterson, "With
Stereopticon Views.
Interesting Lecture Delivered by
CAXEDONIANS ENJOY
TRIP THROUGH CANADA
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Two footpads at
tacked Michael Girger, an aged gardener,
at Valdez and Twenty-fourth streets last
night, and, after rifling his pockets, es
cjiped before the carmen on an x electric
car coujfl catch them. Girger was found
by Dep»ty Sheriff Hitchcock and Police
man Hahn at 2:30 o'clock thi3 morning
at Fortv-seventh street and Piedmont av
enue wandering about in a half-dazed
condition. The highwaymen had choked
and beaten him.
During the night the police, under the
direction of Captain Peterson, arrested
two suspects, one of whom is an ex-con
vict and the other a hard-visaged man
who had a loaded pistol In his pocket. The
prisoners are being held pending an in
vestig^-lon.
Condition for Several Hours
\ After the Assault.
Victim Wanders About in a Dazed
FOOTPADS BEAT AND
ROB AGED GARDENEIi
LONDON, Oct. 12.— "We understand,"
says the Daily Chronicle, "that, ow.ing to
the friction with the Ministry, the Earl
of MInto Is not likely to complete his
term as Governor General of Canada. If
he resigns the appointment will be offered
to Baron de Blaqulere."
Earl' of MintoN, May Resign.
There were 200 claims jumped on the
night of October 5. The persons settling
on the Indian allotments assert that the
allotments are fraudulent and that a head
right of 320 acres is not legal. Frank
Far well, chief of the Indian police, has
instructed his men to proceed at once to
serve notice upon all who have settled
upon Indian allotments to vacate at once.
- ANADARKO, O. T., Oct. 11.— Colonel
Radlitt, the .Indian Agent here, has ap
plied to Secretary of the Interior Hitch
cock for troops to eject United States
deputy marshals and others from Indian
allotments.
United States Deputy Marshals
Be Ejected. . {
Oklahoma Official Demands That the
INDIAN AGENT ASKS . '
FOR MILITARY AID
According to the census returns giving
the area of the various States. Florida
has the largest amount of land under
water In proportion to her area and .Wy
oming the least. :
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— Railway passes will
not be abolished December 31 next. The
plan to wipe them out of existence was
killed at a meeting here to-day of the ex
ecutive officiate of Western roads. They
will meet again November 5. The scheme
to abolish passes in all probability will be
resurrected about a year hence, as E. H.
Harriman.and other railroad magnates
arc firmly imbued with the idea that the
officers and employes of the railroads and
members of their families should pay
regular rates when they travel.
T»7ill Not Abolish. Masses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— There is disquie
tude among the constabulary of the coun
ty on account of the discovery that the
new county government act, which super
sedes the present one after the election
one year from next January, will reduce
their number in the townships of the
county. At present there are two consta
bles connected with each township court,
but the new law provides that there shall
be but one In cities and towns where there
are city justices' and recorders' court with
city marshals to do the work of the con
stabulary.
As there Is some question about the
meaning of the new law it is probable that
a Judicial decision wlll\ be sought by the
District Attorney before the law goes into
effect.
New County Government Act Re
duces Force in the Towns and
Cities.
jnJMBEB OF CONSTABLES
MAY LOSE THEIR PLACES
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Charles Harring
ton, an extraman with Engine Company
No. 1. had a narrow escape from death
this afternoon at a fire on Fifth street.
Harrington was handling the end of a
hose at the top of the roof covering the
rear porch of the burning building when
it suddenly gave way beneath his weight.
He fell to the ground a distance of about
twenty feet and landed on his head. The
concussion rendered him, unconscious for
a short time and his fellow firemen
thought he had been 1 killed. When he re
vived he was taken to his home.
Fireman Falls Off Burning Building.
The land lies in small valleys surround
ed by low lying hills that supply rich
grass for stock. The State is building the
canal system and will own and operate it
in perpetuity for the sole benefit of the
occupants of. the land and without prolit
to any one, making the enterprise entire
ly co-operative in nature. This.. Is -the
first irrigating canal on the American con
tinent to be built and operated by a State
government, and undoubtedly* marks an
epoch tn the great irrigation progress. \u25a0
The canal, intended to irrigate 33,000
acres of the Carey land, was opened and
water sent on its mission of making
homes for the small farmers. District
No. 4 comprises 33,000 acres . of splendtd
land in the Dearborn Valley, Lewis and
Clark counties. The State proposes to sell
this land in tracts of 160 acres to actual
settlers at only the cost of placing watir
upon the land, giving ten years for pay
ment in ten equal annual payments at <$
per cent interest. Eleven thousand acres
are now ready for settlement.
HELEXA, Mont., Oct. 11.— What aeems
to be a good beginning In the solution of
the creat arid land problem was made
yesterday by the State of Montana. The
State Arid Land Grant Commission, which
was created by the Legislature with pow
er to reclaim lands donated to the State
by the General Government under the
Carey act, celebrated the opening of the
great canal system in , district No. 4.
There were present besides members of
the commission and other State officers
members of the press and many repre
sentative engineers and business men.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmaster commissioned: California —
Lewis A. Sprague, Clarksville. Postmas
ters appointed. California— G. F. 3mlth,
Bergman, Riverside County, vice H. F.
Bertj.nan, removed: N. M. Knlarht, Capl
tola, Santa Cruz County, vice M. R.
Stansbury, resisfnel.
The grots receipts of the San Irancieco
postomce for September, 1901. were $89,871,
against $77,901 in September. 1900.
Those pensions were granted:, Califor
nia—Original—Horatio Pool, Clipper Mills,
J6; John Fitzpatrick, Colusa, $6; John
Lohman, San Francisco, $6. Increase—
Charles J. O'Dennell, Vallejo, $S; Daniel
Ii. Wyckoff, San Francisco, $8; Thoiiias
J. Herman. Red Bluff, $8; Lee K. Janney,
San FrancUco. $12. Mexican War—Gard
ner Ramsey, Los Angeles. $12. Widows—
Cinthy A. Lucas, San Jose, $8. :\u25a0
-Oregon — Increase — Joseph Karl, Albany,
$6.
Wasnington-rTncrease— William Deeter,
Sumas, $8; Frederick Casner, Fruitland,
*£ .
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPIiE
ON THE PACIFIC CAST
Great Canal System Is
; Started in State of
Montana.
WATER FLOWS
ON ARID LAND
Death of Haywards Merchant.
HAYWARDS, Oct. 11.— John V. Merle,
a well-to-do hardware merchant, died
here last night from erysipelas. The de
ceased had been in business here for fif
teen years. He leaves a wife, mother and
two brothers. Merle was 52 years of age,
a native of New Orleans.
President Wheeler to Go East.
BERKELEY, Oct. 11.— President Wheel
er of the university will go Ea3t next
week to attend the Yale bl-centennial
celebration. Professor T. R. Bacon and
Dr. Martin Kellogg will represent Cali
fornia at Yale.
Rev. J. W. Ingrain Dead.
AL\MEDA. Oct. 11.— Rev. J. "W. Ingram,
nastor of the local Christian church, died
fn Los Angeles yesterday of a pulmonary
disease. He had been ill but a short time.
Deceased leaves a. wife and grown family.
Licenses to Marry.
'OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Licenses to marry
•were issued to-day to John Fratas. 23
years, and Mary Rlgn. 20. both of Hay
wards* Benjamin Hamilton, 31. and Aline
Blackman. 20. both of West Berkeley.
Six Horses Burned to Death.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Six horse3, farm
lnjc implements and hay In a barn on the
Hanley ranch, near Livermore, were
burned Wednesday night. D. M. Teeters
owned the property. The lo«a was $1000.
City Expert Appointed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Ross P. Bromley
has been appointed city expert by Mayor
Barstow. He will begin his Inspection
of the municipal records and department
books on November 1.
Snow Falls at Denver.
DENVER, Oct. 11.— The first snowstorm
to visit Denver this season is In progress,
to-night. The snow is melting almost as
fast as it falls.
HIGHBINDER ARRESTED.— A 5 notorious
highbinder, who is known to the police as Ah,
"Wing, was arrested last night by Police Offi
cers Terrlll and Tillman and charged with car
tying a,eonccaled weapon. He was caught on
Dupont street lying in wait for a member of
a rival tons:.- whose life has been declared for
feited for his alleged participation In the re
cent murder of a Suey Sing man.
Reporting upon the study of yellow
fever by a board in Cuba General Stern
berg says: :
The results obtained were especially' valu
able, showing; that the bacillus lctsroida bears
no causative relation to yellow fever, and that
the mosquito serves as an intermediate post
for tha parasite of this disease. Further ex
periments ol a most interesting character
demonstrated that yellow fever la transmitted
to non-Immune3 by the bile of a mosquito that
has previously fed on the blood of those sick
with this disease; that yellow fever can aleo
be produced by the KUbcutaheous Injection of
blood taken from the general circulation dur
ing the first and second days .of the disease;
that an attack of yellow fever produced by
the bite of the mosquito confers immunity
against the subsequent injection of infected
blood; that yellow fever Is not conveyed by
clothing, beddlns- or merchandise soiled by
contact with those sick with the disease;
that a house may be said to be Infected with
yellow fever only when there are present in
it mosquitoes-capable of conveying the para
site of the disease, and that the spread of
yellow fever can be most effectively controlled
by measures directed to the destruction of mos
quitoes and the protection of the sick against
the bites of these insects.
General Sternberg says the results of
the investigation are of far-reaching Im
portance, as the surgeons are now in pos
session of knowledge which enables them
to "Stamp out yellow fever.
The deaths jfrom all causes amounted to
28.75 per thousand of strength, as com
pared with 30.58 in the- previous year. Dis
ease occasioned 20.26 deaths, the principal
cause being dysentery, which, with other
intestinal diseases, gave a ratio of 9.08.
The rate from injury amounted to 8.49
The death rate in China was large, 47.7<>
per thousand of strength, 23.62 from dis
ease and 24.14 from, injury. , . .
Since the close of the calendar year 1900
the health of the troops in the Philippines
has been steadily improving. The health
of the troopa in Cuba during the /ear was
excellent. As a result of American occu
pation nearly every city and town has
had its sanitary condition improved.
Speaking of special diseases General
Sternbersr.says: .
The steady decrease cf late years in the ad
missions for alcoholism among the men of the
regular army la a matter for congratulation.
Military ofllcera may be said to be unenimoua
in their opinion that thl3 13 mainly the result
of the establishment of tho post exchange, or
canteen, at military posta. There is \u25a0 lesa
drunkenness among troops in active service
than in a command doing garrison duty In
times of peace.
HEALTH FAVORS
OUR SOLDIERS
Surgeon General's Re
port Gives Interest
ing Figures.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg has made his annual report
to the Secretary of War. He says the
health of the army has been unusually
good during the calendar year 1900. The
admission rate to hospitals for all causes
in the army, volunteers and regulars, with
a mean strength of 100.3S9, in 1900, was
2311.81 per thousand of strength, as com
pared with 2178.06 in the previous year; but
during 1899 only 39.2S0 men out of a total
of 105,516 were serving in the Philippines,
while during the past year 66,882 of a total
of 100,389 were thus serving.
In the Philippine Islands, with a mean
strength of 66,882, the admission rate was
2621.9G, as compared with 2395.52 in the pre
vious year, this increase being mainly due
to sickness among the volunteers. The
regulars, on the other hand, showed a
marked decrease in the ratio of admission
for disease, which fell from 2454.10 to
2197.73. Two-thirds of the admissions for
disease were caused by malarial fevers
and diarrheal diseases. . .
Strained relations exist between the
Board of City Trustees and the Board of
Foremen and Engineers of the Fire D»
partment. The tension was not lesst-ned
by the action of the latter body last night
lii practically nullifying the efforts of the
municipal rulers to reorganize a flrst
claes volunteer fire company at the West
End by absolutely refusing to grant cer
tificates to fifteen citizens who were elect
ed'to membership in the company. The
fifteen candidates who were rejected by
the foremen. and engineers last night had
been Induced through the labors of the
fire committee of the City Trustees to
join AVhidden Hose Company. The Board
of Foremen and Engineers took the stand
that as Whidden Hose Company had but
lour members it could not elect any one
to membership.
There is considerable feeling among the
West Enders. They claim that the ac
tion was taken for the reason that many
of the members of the old Whidden Com
pany were not friendly to the present
Chief of the Fire Department.
Another action taken by the Board of
Foremen and Engineers and one which is
a cause of much criticism is the refusal
to pay any attention, to the resignation of
Thomas R. Hanson from the Fire De
partment. Charges of misbehavior had
been placed against Hanson by Acting
Chief F. K. Millington. Rather than
stand trial Hanson resigned. This tbe
Board of Foremen and Engineers held he
had not right to do and that body has
decided to try him anyhow, Hanson's
trial Is set for. next Monday night.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 11.— Dissensions in the
Fire Department are being recorded with
a rapidity that is alarming tha City Trus
tees. Because of the chaotic state of
conditions now prevailing in the depart
ment the insurance underwriters are con
sidering the advisibility of raising the
rates on local property risks.
Beacon No. 1— A. R. Lars*n, A. F. Sisterna,
C. Brown A. S. Anderson. L. M. Nelson; al
ternates G S. Rose. Phil Sisterna.
Marston No. 2— James Kenney, Frank Love
land, T. Andrews, P. W. Metcalf. O. E. Parker;
alternates, C. A. aresory, F. J. Gallagher.
Alert No 3— Carl Martens. V. Hansen, George
Horgan, B. Fraser. Fred Lockyer; alternates,
B. Lemmond, R. P. Davies.
Peralta No. 5— Dan Adams, George Haggerty,
J. Brothers. W. Brothers. M. Brule; alternates.
Ira Bora. H. Johns. - - \u25a0;
Lorin No. fr-J. Smith, P. Anderson, G. Bur
bahk, C. Donaldson, William Cary; alternates,
Sam Early. W. Wleman.
Posen No. 1 — J.' Donahue, R. Abel. H. Dean,
J. Marsecano, Dan Sloan; alternates, E. Hod
man. E. Newell.
BERKELEY, Oct. 11.— The members, of
the North Berkeley Hose Company will
take no part in the Firemen's Convention
to bo held to-morrow night in American
Hall. Delegates have been appointed
from the six other companies, but the
North Berkeleyans maintain that the
convention Is uncalled for and that the
Trustees should be left to deal with all
things pertaining to the new Fire De
partment now under the course of or
ganization. The convention will do Its
work without noticing the action of the
North Berkeley men. It will elect a.
Chief, whose 'name will be submitted •>
the Town Trustees for appointment as
head of the proposed salaried department
and will ask of the city government that
po one outside of the volunteer rank^ be
given positions with pay. The rolls of
all the companies will be closed against
applicants for membership.
Several candidates are out for the posi
tion of Fire Chief. The firemen have, in
vited the Trustees and business. men to
be present at their meeting.
Delegates from the various hose com
nanies have been selected a3 follows:
Underwriters May Raise
th© Rates on Risks
in Alameda.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Upon the showing
of Mrs. Eliza C. Avery that her husband
had obtained a decree of divorce from her
through fraud and deceit Judge Hall set
the decree aside this_ morning. • Sfco
charged that she had made no contest cf
the case because she had been led to be
lieve by her husband that It was not nec
essary to appear until after a certain
date. After the decree was granted to her
husband she says she awoke to the real
ization that she had been deceived. Judgn
Hall took the ground that the courts
should take a broad view in such matters
and give divorcees every opportunity for
a full hearing. '
Emile Fritz was ordered by Judge Hail
to contribute $25 for the support of hia
wife pending the outcome of her suit for
divorce against him, desertion being thu
cause of action.
Judge Hall Takes Ground That Liti
gants Should Fully Present
Their Cases.
North Berkeley Firemen
Not to Attend the
Convention.
Registration closed Thursday night with
a total of 77,S?1 names registered, being
the heaviest ever recorded. The total reg
istration for the last primary was 76,192
and for the last municipal election 73,638.
The increase for this year }s 4255. On the
last <iay for registration there were 1500
changes of residence recorded. About the
same number were denied registration be
cause they failed to appear within the re
quired time of forty daye before the elec
tion. A number of prominent citizens
failed to get on the register through neg
ligence.
REGISTRATION IS HEAVY.
3Iany Electors Fail to Qualify Be
cause Thev Were Too Late.
The committee on platform was not
able to report, but expects to have a draft
ready for submission to the convention
to-night.
Eugene E. Schmitz, Union Labor party
candidate for .Mayor, was indorsed. Philip
Kodgers placed him in nomination. More
house and Tom Cunningham, who said he
"had slept under the same blanket with
Schmitz for two years on the Yukon,"
seconding-. Other candidates were placed
in nomination, the vote standing: Schmitz
Si. Wells 7, To'oin 3. ODonncll 2.
The following candidates were named
for Supervisors: Jacob Neustadter,
Charles K. R. Klfin. Sargent "VV. I>. Coles
end Henry C. Lander. Further nomina
tions will be made to-night.
The committee on order ,of business
made the following recommendations as
to the order of nominations:
ilcyor. District Attorney; eighteen Super
visors, and that a committee of eisrhteen be
selected by the chair to preterit Before this
convention at its next rezular meeting: the
names ol eighteen eligible citizens to be in
dorsed or nominated by this convention; County
<"lerk. Sheriff, Auditor. Tax Collector, Public
Administrator. Keeorder. Treasurer. City and
County Attorney, Coroner, two Police Judges,
a. county committee to consist of eighteen per
sons, members of this convention, one from
each Assembly district.
Non-Partisan Convention Organizes
and Names Some Candidates.
The Non-Partisan convention met last
Eight at B"nai B'rith Hall.
Nathan Bibo was elected chairman, H.
V. Storehouse vice chairman, Captain Lo
renzo secretary, \V alter Parker and
Thomas B. Golain assistants, A. H. Beck
er, H. B. McPherson, Louis Hirschbaum.
and William Hemingway sergeants-at
arms. The convention proceeded seri
ously to business by the election of the
loliowing committees:
Credentials — Charles G. Nagle, J. D. Thomp
son, Thomas S. Golden, H. I'. McPherson and
John K;-enes.
Permanent organization and order of busi
ness— A. B. Treadwell. William Thompson, A.
<i. Kleinert. John T. Quieley. W. H. R.
Brown, T. J. O'Connor and AJ Jacoby.
Platform and resolutions— H. V. Morehouse.
A."B. Tread well. ' AI Jacoby, W. A. l>ubois,
Peter Siolberg. W". E. Dubois, Charies Taylor,
E. R. Peace, Dr. F. C. Cook, William 3. Hen
nespy, S. Kosenfiorn, J. W. Mayer. A. L.
tY«»edrr-a«. Joe Rej?.y. George "tt'inant, Frank
Sweeney, W. L. Coles, Oeoree Momer and
Frar.k Ryan.
A recess cf twenty minutes was taken,
to give the committees time to report.
Nagle reported a list of 1&0 names as del
egates, whom he said he had caused to
sign the roll as they entered the doors.
Some objection was made to reading the
names, but the list was accepted as cor
rect and later utilized for the roli call.
12* DORSE SCHHITZ FOR MAYOR,
SETS ASIDE DECREE
GRANTED THE AVERTS
At the general business meeting of the
Ebell Society this afternoon the proposed
amendments to the constitution, which
were defeated at the last assembly, were
carried by small majorities. The amend
ments Were: First, to increase the mem
bership limit from 400 to 500; second, to in
crease the initiation fee from $10 to ?25.
The arguments pro and con were many
and the contest was quite a lively one, a
great many of the members desiring to
keep the list within its present select lim
it and others deeming it wise to increase
the membership and initiation fees with
the end in view that the club may be en
abled in a shorter time to purchase a lot
and build more commodious quarters.
The question of furnishing the children's
room in the new public library was dis
cussed, but no action could be taken in the
matter. A two-thirds vote of all the
members is necessary before the commit
tee can fulfill the pledge which, it is stat
ed, was made to the library trustees that
the Ebell Society would be responsible for
$5000 toward furnishing the juvenile de
partment. The required number was not
present to-day, so another special meet
ing will have to be called, i
At the close of the business meeting this
afternoon the doors were thrown open to
the club's guests and a programme was
given under the auspices of the Shake
speare section, of which Mrs. J. R. Scup
ham is curator. Mrs. James Allen was
heard in two artistic vocal selections and
Mrs. Paul I^ohse gave a brief account of
how the "Shakespeare chairs" came to be
in the possession of the club. • The three
articles of furniture are made of the pew
ends from an old church at Stratford^on-
Avon and one chair and the settee will
eventually become a portion of the fur
nishings In the children's room in the
free library.
The principal feature of the programme
was a Shakespearean sketch done by four
young ladles. Miss Dolly Chapman of
Alameda was an entertaining Ophelia and
MlS3 Lillian Quinn of San Francisco was
clever in the role of Portia. Lady Mac
beth and Juliet were impersonated by
Miss Nellie Inglis of San Francisco and
Miss Josephine Chapman x>f Alameda.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 11.
Raises Limit of Member
ship to Five Hun
dred Names.
Superintendent of Schools McClymonds
has called for opinions from District At
torney Allen and City Attorney Johnson.
A special meeting of the Board of Edu
cation will be called for Monday night
to discuss the situation.
Regarding the conditions he said:
Although I am not In a position yet to give.
Official expression upon the subject I have a
private opinion, and I told Mr. McClymonds.
the Superintendent of Schools, what I thought
might be done. That was to lop off som« of
the fancy frills at the Central High School
and tarn the money that could be saved over
to the night schools. But before I had finished
my story I was met by th« Superintendent's
statement that the money now set aside for
High School purposes could not be used for
any other department.
There is no question that the night schools
with their hundreds of pupils, old and young,
who are struggling to get some education, are
immensely important. We can ill afford to
dispense with these schools, which are pro
viding training for pupils who could get it in
no other way.
I trust that the Board of Education will
promptly take this matter in hand and find sl
way out of the difficulty.
The announcement that under, a Su
preme Court decision the night schools
can no longer receive support from the
State school fund allowance, has created
much discussion in official circles. Tne
existing condition of Oakland's flnance3
renders the solution of the problem very
difficult. The interested officers are In a
quandary concerning the outcome. They
do not know what steps to take to pre
vent the shutting down of the schools.
Mayor Barstow insists that something
shall be done to maintain what he de
clares lo be one of the most ' Important
departments of the public school system.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. s . 1113 Broadway, Oct. Hi
"Rather than see the evening schools
close I would go up and down the
streets myself, hat in hand, to solicit the
money necessary to keep them open. And
there would be a jingle in the hat before
I approached the first man."
Such was Mayor _Anson Barstow's dec
laration to-day when he was apprised of
the situation pertaining to the night
schools of this city, where hundreds of
pupils, unable to attend school during the
daytime, receive the rudimentary educa
tion so important to their welfare.
SIX COMPANIES
NAME DELEGATES
Burning with a desire to outdo "Black
Bart" and other highwaymen Matilda Is
enberg, aged 10 years, turned road agent
yesterday and "stood up" another little
girl for her bicycle. She rode away with
the machine as fast as her little Ieg3
could make it go and enjoyed the extreme
pleasure of riding about the streets until
to-day, when - she . was detected and
brought to bay by Police Detective Kyte.
Miss Isenberg lives with her mother and
brothers and sisters at 1665 Grove street.
Yesterday afternoon she wandered down
toward Tenth and Clay streets. She saw
Margery Ryan, aged six years, who lives
with her parents in the neighborhood,
riding around on a bicycle. She im
mediately • made up her mind that
she wanted it. She made a grab for
the cyclist 'as she sped by her and thsn
ensued a fight for the possession of the
wheel. After a struggle of several min
utes the' would-be highway girl came out
victor and mounting her prize soon dis
appeared in the distance, to the discom
fiture of the victim of the hold-up.
When little Miss Ryan's parents were
Informed of the robbery they notified the
Police Department and detectives were
detailed on the case." The sleuths did not
meet with any success until this "after
noon, when Detective Kyte located Miss
Isenberg as she wa3 riding around In the
neighborhood of her home. She denied
that she had stolen the property and in
sisted that her uncle gave.it to her for
Christmas, but the proof was too conclu
sive. The officer took girl and wheel to
the City Hall. There, when confronted by
Miss Ryan and her mother, the highway
girl broke down and confessed.
Miss Isenberg told her mother when
asked where she got the wheel that she
had won it in a drug store raffle. She wa3
sentenced by her parent to an acquain
tance with a slipper and a bread and
! water diet for twenty-four hours.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 11.
FIRE FIGHTERS
FEEL AGRIEVED
"General Buller's speech, pathetic in its
weakness, is," the Spectator asserts, '"the
best possible justification for the declara
tions that he is not fit to command an
army corps."
The ' Saturday Review refers to his
"petulant apology" as "sheer feminism,"
adding: "The mysterious conspirator
who Issued threats at Aldershot m'pht
have come from De Quincey's 'Confes
sions.' The demand that he be shown a
better commander than himself savored
of the challenge of a navvy in the ring."'
Sir Walter Peace, Agent General for
Natal, speaking in London to-night re
lerrtd to the unfortunate utterances of
Sir Redvers Buller and said:
"It must ever be remembered to Gen
eral Buller's credit that he saved South
Africa for Great Britain. But for his
change in the plans on his arrival at
Cape Town there is no doubt the Boers
would have gone down to Durban, and in
that case, in the light of what has since
happened, there is no doubt the Cape
Dutch would have risen and 1 the British
have been driven from South Africa."
O -Wlvl I-I-X-K-X-K-K-M-I-K- 9
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The etorm caused
by General Buller's remarkable outburst
continues to grow. The epeech is the one
topic of discussion and there Is general
anticipation that disciplinary measures
•will follow unless General Buller him
eelf takes the advice of such a conserva
tive supporter of the Government as the
Standard and resigns.
The tone of the press la generally one
of surprised amazement at his indiscre
tions. The people of England. genernJiy.
stuck to him throughout, and his and his
wife's social Influence has been most
powerful and has even reached the court.
It had been decided that he would be ele
vated to the peerage on the next honor
list, but it is now doubtful if, after yes
terday's confession that he advised the
surrender of Ladysmith, "a humiliation
compared with which," as the Standard
Fays, "all other reverses of the war
would have been trivial," even the ICing
and the people will continue to favor
him.
The Fremont Republican Club will re
ceive the Republican nominees this even
ing at the rooms of the club in the His
tory building.
The campaign to date- has not been
narked by excessive enthusiasm. The
Bear Club ratification of the Republican
ticket was adjourned, as only seven voters
assembled last Wednesday evening to
ratify.
The Supreme Court decision has set the
politicians to gossiping about the proba
bilities of an extra session of the Legis
lature. It is claimed that the county gov
ernment act was passed in the same faul
ty manner as that which rendered the
code legislation unconstitutional. The
prospects of 58 a day and promiscuous
junketing et the expense of the public
utatury afford del'ght to Senators and
Assemblymen. Many of the lawmakers
would be pleased to return to Sacramento
and devote six weeks considering a new
county government act
When interviewed on the subject of an
extra session the members of the Legis
lature said that the neglect of business
affairs incident to the session would cause
great hardship on them; yet if duty de
manded they would go to Sacramento
again and serve the people.
The Non-Partisan Convention, of which
Nathan Bibo is chairman and ex-Senator
Morehouse, A. G. Treadwell and Charles
G. Nagle are the bright lights, met at
B'liai ii'rith Hall last night and indorsed
Eugene E. Schmitz. the Union Labor par
ty's nominee, for Mayor. Norman W.
Hall, whose name has been mentioned as
one of the Non-Partisan delegates, is not
a member of the convention. He says tha
use of his name was unauthorized.
He was a delegate from the Thlrty
nir.th District in the late Republican Con
vention. The story that Joseph Fas6lfcr
had failed to accept the Democratic nomi
nation for Tax Collector is not authentic.
Mr. Fassler states that he sent his letter
oi acceptance to the secretary of the con
vention on October 7.
The Supreme Court in upsetting the re
v;sed codes rendered void many choice
specimens of railroad legislation, and as
a result a cloud of sorrow hangs over the
law department of the Southern Pacific
corporation. This blow, coming: on the
keels of the ruling of the Railroad Com
missioners touching the oil rates, creates
a surmise that something has happened
to cause a loosening "of the company's
grip.
London Papers Fiercely At
tack the Military Com
mander.
Non-Partisan Convention In
dorses Eugene E. Sohmitz
for Mayoralty.
Entire Detective Force Is
Employed to Run Down
the Offender.
EBELL SOCIETY
IS TO EXPAND
OAKLAND. . Oct. 11.— "Word comes
from the East of the successful
debut into professional life of
Mies Edith M. Cook, a charming
Oakland girl, who recently turned
toward the theatrical Btage as a way to
give her natural talents their best expres-.
elon.
Miss Cook's decision to adopt the stage
came as a great surprise to all but mem
bers of her family and a few Intimate
friends who were let Into the secret of
her ambitions. Very quietly ehe took up
a course of study in San Francisco to pre
pare herself for her chosen profession,
and for several months she gave careful
and painstakins effort to the work which
had been mapped out for her. It was
only a few weeks before her strong pre
dilection for the footlights compelled at
tention. She received favorable letters
from several Eastern managers who had
learned of her work, and then she decided
to go to New York City. -
Within a short time Miss Cook was of
fered a position as leading lady in a large
company which had fceen organized for a
tour of the Ml«3dle, Eastern and border
States. The letters which have come to
the folks at home since Miss Cook com
menced her professional career indicate
that the ambitious young lady is realizing
a full measure cf success.
Miss Cook is with the Ama Lea com
pany and at last writing was playing at
Cumberland, Md.
The young lady is a daughter of Mrs.
Harriet Cook ol this city and is a sister
of Mrs. Henry D. Cushing, who was
formerly Miss Edna Cook.
Declares the Pupils Shall
Not Be Deprived of
Advantages.
Supremo Court Decision
f Knocks Out Railway
Legislation.
Mayor Barst'ow Takes a
Firm Stand on th©
Subject.
Matilda iBenberg Takes
Another Girl's
Bicycle;
Confession About Lady
smith Causes Storm
of Ire.
BULLER INCURS
BRITISH WRATH
CHILD EMULATES
BAD HIGHWAYMAN
NIGHT SCHOOLS
MUST NOT CLOSE
EXTRA SESSION
GOSSIP AGAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
After Several MontBs of'Study in This Gity Miss Edith M. Cook
Accepts Offer of Position as Leading -Lady of the Ama Lea
Company and Is Winning Fameon a Tour Through the. States
TALENTED OAKLAND GIRL
DEBUT ON PROFESSIONAL STAGE
OAKLAND GIRL, WHO HAS
SCORED A SUCCESS ON THE
STAGE.
Burn, Pyrographer,
For we have just received 500 pyrography
machines direct from Germany for mak
ing those admirable effects in burnt leath
er and woodwork. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street •
"Young Peter" Is the Winner.
BALTIMORE, Oct. ll.-"Young 'Peter
Jackson" of California to-night knocked
out "Scaldy Bill" Quinn Of Williamsport,
Pa., In the ninth round of a twenty-round
bout at Germanic Mannerchor Hali. -.
11
qg Fels-Naptha m
I A mechanic gets the best
j tools wherewith to work. /
Why shouldn't a woman ?
The best household tool
known is' Fels-Naptha soap.
With it the drwdgery of
clothes-washing and house-
cleaning is not half as much
as usual, because there's no
boiling. ,;v.J
If upon thorough trial of
Fels-Naptha soap you don't
|| find this true, your grocer will
promptly refund your money.
We authorize him to do so.
I Pels 4 Co. Gray, Lang & Stroh
I Philadelphia, tfnc). San Francisco.
PRESENT COUPONS
FOR CALL ATLAS
All holders of Call Atlas
coupons who desire to secure
a copy of The Call ' premium
Atlas are requested to present
their coupons at the '.Business'
Office of this paper as' soon
as possible. Atlases arc now-
ready for distribution. *-r*;^!THE_/;6AN;j;F^
12
1 HELP '"WANTED-— M ALE— -Coa. _j
AT S raE^C^L." %^MPLOTMENT AGENCY. '
59 Third st. nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
"";." UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE •;
50 railroad teamsters for Uklah .$2 to $2 2a
\u25a0 50 laborers.for
ISSs?»jSS 1 ~ city::::::! 5S |5
20 laborers for quarry.... ;; $2 to $2 \ri (per day
Carload of laborers *2 2d to $2 B 0 per \u25a0 day
No office fee for above carload. Reduced
rates to Shasta and Trinity counties. We
charter a car to leave here Monday.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S ...610 Clay st.
Gardener near city 130 and found
Horseshoer, city a a f2
2 farmers J>q
ranch teamster^ •" •"• "'"l"y''Z*i
Teamster, city *» f 9 nd a
2 laborers for factory ! * 9 a we . e^
Cook, small country hotel •.V-""^""/,™
2 waiters, country hotel *=» *£** *f r *
10 scraper teamsters io*?? dtv
10 laborers for ditch * 2 25 a aa ,*
Farmer and plain blacksmith *-°
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST.
Cook, small restaurant. 512 a week; second
cook, chophouse near city. »3o and found,
cook, small place, country. $30 to *&>; waiter,
country, $30; 2 dishwashers, country. $20; pot-
washer. $30; dishwasher, small place. *Ij.
choreman. private place, $15; gardener.- coun-
try, $30; yoting man- for doctor's office, ?Io
and found and increase. '
WANTED— A bright, active young man bet.
the ages of 23 and 33. of good address, to so-
licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make frfom $3 to $10 per day; references re-
quired. Address box 970, Call. \ \
WANTED— Immediately, man or boy with soma
experience in the grocery business; steady
job; no night or Sunday work. Call at cor-
ner of E. 14th st. and Prospect av., Fruitvale.
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
be good at figures. Apply before 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.. Inc.
WANTED— Experienced dark-room man for
photo studio to assist as operator. Call at su-
perintendent's office. Emporium. '
WANTED— A reliable city drummer, salary
• and commission, for a family liquor store.
Address 'K.," P. O. Box 523. Sacramento.
WANTED— Man who can hustle; extraordinary
inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553, Call office.
BOY In gents* furnishing store; must under-
stand something of the business and make
himself useful; $5 per week. 535 Valencia st.
2-CHAIR barber shop; Santa Rosa; well lo-
cated; good business; cheap. C. A. BRO-
BACK. 319 Fourth St., Santa Rosa, Cal.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1357 Du-
pont St., near Green.
BARBER for Saturday ;. good wages. 797 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER wanted. 2S09 California st.
BARBER wanted for to-day. 322 Grant ave.
BARBER; steady work. 65 Fourth st. .
BARBER Saturday afternoons and Sundays;
tools furnished. 1546 Park st, Alameda.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; wages $5. 1192
Harrison st., corner of Eighth.
BARBER for Saturday from noon to 10 p. m.;
wages. $2. 623 Clay st.
BOY 17 years, to learn glove finishing. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
BOY to drive delivery wagon. Apply SCHRA-
DER BROS., Market St., opp. Seventh.
STRONG boy to help plumber and for shop;
references. - Box 96S. Call.
SHOE repairer; lst-class worker: neat; steady;
• good wages. KAST & CO., 740 Market St.
WANTED— Boy to distribute type and learn
trade. STERETT Printing Co.. 932 Market.
WANTED— Errand boy at STERETT Printing
Co., 933 Market st.
NON-UNION horseshoer; union wages. Apply
203 Front st.
FEEDER for Gordon press. Room 18, 523 Mar-
ket st.
BOY wanted — Stalls 1 and 3 Union-square Mar-
ket.
FIRST-CLASS tenor robusto for Catholic
church; sight reader. Box 960, Call office.
LUNCH waiter. 315 Grant ave.
STRONG young man for coal yard, $15 and
found to start. 639 Clay st.
WAITER; wages $30 and found. 301 Twenty-
second st.
WANTED— Boy to learn plumbing business.
• To-morrow morning, 3271 Mission st.
WANTED— MIKE DRISCOLL. at 1224 Point
Lobos ave. BOB.
WANTED— A good, quick waiter; $25 and
room. 615 Taylor st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack; steady. Masonic
Temple, 6 Post St. :
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 2134 FUlmore st.'
WANTED — Second hand cake baker. 516
Hayes st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED—Btevedorea, seamen, firemen, coal-
pasteri, cooks and waiters; good wagea; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are bonrded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and- giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
COREMAKERS wanted at the Rlsdon Iron
Works, San Francisco; steady employment;
excellent Inducements. Apply at office. Bealo
and Howard sts.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. A A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador County. Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
rter«, $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
stera. $2 25 per day; board $4 B0 per week.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps, V.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak ar.d read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
SPLENDID chance for young man to buy re-
tiring partner's interest, old established gro-
cery and bar. at cost: cash required $900.
Apply cigar store, 257 Fourth St.
WANTED— A sober, industrious clerk for gen-
eral merchandise store, well versed In dry
goods; references required; state terms. Box
944, Call office.
YOUNG man as assistant bookkeeper; state
age, former employer, how long* employed,
how long idle. Box 947, Call office.
WANTED— Boy to run a passenger elevator;
must live with his parents-: in answering
state age and references. Box 905, CalL
WANTED— Locksmith bell hanger as partner;
must be a good mechanic. Address W., 1941
Mission st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: Dosltiona guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE, 63:. Clay st. . . ' .
WILL pay honest, well-dressed. Industrious
gentleman salary $20 per week tar assist in
• my business: experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 1050, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, stiil
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; ISO large
I rooms; 25c per night; (1 to J2 per week.
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith
helper and finisher. Apply A. MEISTER &
. SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal. •
"WANTED — Furniture varnlshers. California
Lumber and Milling' Company. Stockton and
Beach sts.
COATMAKER. bushelman and pantsmakpr for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sut-
ter st. .
WANTED— Errand boys, not under 15 years of
age. Apnly NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. Vt>
Sutter st. '
WANTED — Young -men. not over 20 years of
\u25a0 age. to learn crockery business. Apply
, NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122 Sutter at.
IRONMOLDERS and machinists wanted. 505
Mission st.
PAPER cutter; must be steady; good position
to the right party. 522 Market st. fourth floor.
SHOECUTTERS wanted by BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.
PANT, finisher wanted -at 253Vi Stevenson st
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants job or will buy
good shop. Box 911. Call.
BOY- to pack extracts: {4 CO per week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First st * " v!
YOUNG men to learn barber tradr ; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
STRONG. Intelligent boys 1$ to 20 years ta
learn iron moldera' trade. 505 Mission st. "
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. , .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m. ''•'
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 8 p. a.
BIEETIXG XOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M. meets THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- _#%_
ING at 8 o'clock. Second degree. By T\jK
order W. M.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. «
—Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) J^
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. First degree. TE2f
Masons cordially invited. By order of ff^r •
the W. M. FREDERICK BARRY, Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. a . '\u25a0
M. — Called meeting THIS (SATCR- _A_
DAY) EVENING. Oct. 12. at 7:30 %2f
o'clock. First degree. By order of the/^r i
W. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. ja>
and A. M.. meets THIS (SATURDAY) _#V_
BVENING at 7:30 o'clock for third de- TCjf
gree. All Master Masons are invited./ '
By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1, I. j*. **
O. O. F.— Regular meeting THIS (SAT-*y 7S
URDAY) EVENING. Work in the sec- /\.
ond aad third degrees; eieo visit by< \
Grand Patriarch Gummo«.
W. P. HUMPHREYS. C. P.
EXCEL6IOR Degree Lodge No. <&*£&*.
2, L O. O. F.— Regular meeting
THIS ( SATURDAY) EVENING.
Tfclrd degree. <^/it^- ,
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M. I
TOSEMTTE Tribe No. 103, Imp'd a <f^sT~
R. M.— Funeral notice: Chief s and *5**a^»-
brothers are requested to assemble 7>Jir*
at Red Men'a Full. 320 Post St., SUNDAY,
October 12, at 11 a. m., for the purpose of
attending the funeral of H. CLERC DE LAN-
DRESSE JR. F. C ADAMS, Sachem.
GEO. H. STEIN. Chief of Records.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraullo
prooees from the Calaveras Mining, Water
and Power Company, in the Johnston and
Scott Hill mines, near San Andreas, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek;
from Charles Hilton. In the Calvaritas H1U
mine, at Calvaritas, Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining into O'Neill
and San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal and A. Rose, In the South Honcut mine.
In Yuba County, near Bangor, to deposit tail-
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives notice that
a meeting \u25a0will be held in room- 69, Flood
building, Ban Francisco. Cal.. on October 28,
1901. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwards, In the Fhllo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains Into Frazier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co.. In the Purdy :
Creek mine, near Frenchtown. Yuba. Co.. to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed- '
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
gravel mine, near Onion Valley. Plumas Co.,
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and from
the Norwegian Mining Co.. in their mine !
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co., to deposit i
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that j
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood i
building, San Francisco. CaL. on October 21,
1901. at 1:20 p. m.
ATfUUAL meeting — The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com- ;
pany. 327 Market et.. In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23. 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend- '
ing section 2 of article II of the by-laws and .
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, October 12. 1901. at 13 ,
o'clock noon. By order of the president,
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGE?fT8 WATTED.
AGENTS wanted for McKlnley's Hfe; best au-
thors; best pay; time and money savpd by
calling on Occidental Pub. Co., Thirteenth av.
and East Twelfth St.. Oakland, CaL
AGENTS wanted— Life cf McKinley, 500 pages;
best book; 100 Illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO., Portland. Or.
Al AGENTS In every town tar McKinley sou-
venir pictures: fast seller; sample 7c in post.
age. HAGENS & CO.. 50S California st.. S. F.
GLOBE Portrait Co.— Removed to 1067 Market;
agents •wanted: can irake j: to 15 a day.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emllie Funke.1416 Sth St.. Alameda, j
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : postal. 1186 Mirsion: td. Folsom 2477. !
ASTROLOGY. ~~~
RICHELIEU^ '
Phonograph life delineator of character and '
destiny: never Introduced before. 1S23 Scott
el. near Tine, 1 to 6 p. in. dally.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologiat; complete life
reading, LOc; by mall. LOc. 1163 Market at.
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney, 314
Montgomery at.— Divorcea, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; document* drawn; mortgagee;
property bought; money loaned; insurance SOo
on tlOO. P. B. TRAVERB, evenings, 418^4 Post.
ADVICE free;dlvorcea private; bankruptcy ;col-
lerttons:attuchments;mortgages; bills of sale;
riartnerehfpe; deeda;wl!ls drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURgTQN. 100SK Mkt.. r. 4, op. Sth. '•
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick,
quiet; no charge without success; collection*,
wllle. deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 yars. Atty. G. W. HOWE. SOO Markt st.
ADVICE Jrec; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Bt.. opp. Magon.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
I*. B. CLARK. Knima Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ESTATES, chancery; most moderate fees.. 14
McAlllFter ft.. GEO. W. JOHNSON. Atty.
nOAROIXG FOR CHILDREX.
LADY wishes to board little girlT'nTcTTiomT-
best care. MRS MOORE. P. O. Alameda. '
MOTHER'S care and good hom« for two or
three children; low term?. J607 California st.
BOOKS— XEW AXD~OLIh
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2936.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
£ BUREAU TRUXKS. ~~~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock.
prloes. Factory and salesroom. S2C Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~"
A— J1S00; BAKERY in Western~A!idiuMiT^s7a1^
lished 26 years; rent HZ; i horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars It. O. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— 5350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
etore; 4 living rooms and bath; rent $14; best
location; business clearing always J100 i>cr
month <t mure; Call H. U. WILKE. 26Vi
lvearny st. "
A-$500; EESTAURANT and chop house; ladies'
rooms; daily receipts about $45; rent $53; best
location. Tenderloin district Call R. G
WILKE, 2fiH Kearny et.
A— JK0; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
proccry store in Alameda; rent $10; good lo-'
cation and. line paying business. Call H G
WILKE. . 26»* Kcarny st.
A— tllOO; RESTAURANT close to Market st -
near Chronicle bldg. ; a good paying business
PUl «. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-$45 f <; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once as
owner ie compelled to return to Michigan
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. '
A— $400; CORNER saloon on Mason st.; r c nt $2>-
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R. G
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st. -
1175— A SACRIFICE— Delicatessen store doing a
nice business ; 3 living rooms; rent $16. See
R. G. WILKE at once. 26% Kearny st.
I'HOTO gallery; best location on Market 6t. ;
long lease; nrst-claes business; cause of sale
other business. Mitchell & Co., 1206 Market.
SALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$»5; good business; must eell; leaving city; in-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market Bt.
CHOP house at a great sacrifice; price $125;
clearing $100 a month; must be sold at once
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to pet bargain ;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE
?37 Mission £t
A SNAP— Delicatessen and coffee house; store
worth $500; reduced to twO. Retsloff, 906 Mkt.
J350 — LAUNDRY route: good horse and wagon.
Apply 3372 Mitssion St., 1 o'clock p, m.
FOR sale— Tailor store, goods and fixtures
cheap. Inquire Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.', 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone \u25a0 Jessie 2071.- \u25a0-
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL: Jessie 761 before selling furniture. - car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory. price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— MRS.M. E. DAY & CO..:: .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Lathrop .....: $20
Waitress, Gait-. ..:. .J....:. $20
.Waitress, restaurant $25 to $30
Waitress, restaurant $7 week
4 waitresses, first-class city hotels... $20
2 chambermaids to wait .$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 housegirls, $25 and $30; 3 housegirls, $20;
housegirl, Martinez, $20; many other choice
places
.MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...:. ...'.:. 335 Geary st.
COOK for large institution in city; wages $60.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also • operator on. women's '.waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS., 1212-1214
Market st.
WANTED— An experienced .- lady bookkeeper;
one thoroughly reliable and accurate; must
be a good penman; state reference and salary
required. Address box 980, - Call office.
WANTED— Experienced hands for alterations
on cloaks and suits. Apply at HALE BROS,
before 11 a. m. \u25a0 ' •
WANTED— A first class millinery trimmer.
Apply before 11 a. m. at HALE BROS., Inc. j
OPERATORS to work in factory, on ladies'
waists. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.'
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands' at E. MES-
SAGER'S Cloak Store, 145 Post St.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles'
wear. 656 Mission st., fourth floor.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and suits at
H. RATNER'S. 131 Post st. . " ; . ,
GOOD sewers to work In factory. 656 Mission
St., fourth floor. .
EXPERIENCED bindery girls wanted. Apply
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741-745 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
S. E. cor. 22d and California, after 10 a. m.
GIRLS wanted. Cascade Laundry, 175 Tenth st.
GIRL, housework, plain cooking for two; no
children; no washing. Apply 1228 Post st.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3?Vi
Fremont st. ; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee, shirts; also a few bright girls about. 16
' years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirti;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. 5th floor.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing and facial massage included; entire
course $5; positions positively guaranteed;
four good positions waiting.- S. F. College,
143 Stockton St., room 15.
COMPETENT Protestant woman for general
. housework in a small family; heavy washing
put out. Call at 1004 Washington St., near
Powell, between 10 and 12 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, skirts
and aprons, to take work home. H. FRIED-
LANDER. 338 Fell st. ' . .
"WANTED — An experienced girl for general
housework in Oakland; small washing; wages
$30. Apply 606 Montgomery st., room 7, S. F.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl for cook-
ing and downstairs work; call In the morning.
2450 Mission Et. - . -
YOUNG girl for light housework; 5-room cot-
tage; German or Swedish preferred; apply be-
fore 11 a. m. 1463 Clay st.
GIRL, 16 to 18 years old; light housework; 2
in family; Alameda; good home; $2 week.
Box 310, Call office. , i
WANTED— A tailoress at RAPHAEL'S.
FINISHER and liner on fur garments. E. E.
WALLEY, 115 Kearny st.
WANTED — Woman for plain housework; wages-
$12 to $15. 5935 Mission st, op. Ocean View.
STRONG woman to assist In general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. 606 Fulton.
GIRLS, age 16 to 20, for Japanning dep'artment.
\u25a0American Can Co., Seventh and Townsend.
SMALL girl to take care of child. Apply 826
O'Farrell st. >
GIRLS to learn paper box mnklng; steady
work; wages from start. 622 Market, 3d floor.
VERY best of salesladies for mtlllnery; no
others need apply; highest wages. 130 Sixth.
Bookblndery girls, folders, sowers, feeders pa-
gers, gatherers. 422 Sacramento. F. Malloye.
GERMAN girl, Sausallto, assist general house-
work and bakery. Call a. m. at 616 Green at
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and down-
stalrs work. Call at 3601 Clay st.
YOUNG girl wanted for general housework.
Call 2595 Prove, Dwlght way sta,, Berkeley.
YOUNQ. girl to mind baby. 1474 Page at.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; no cook-
Ing. 930 Powell Bt. _-__
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailor Jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S, 914 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. \u25a0 .
_ help^wanted--.male!
A— MURRAY & RE'ADY7rr™Tr634^636 ClajT'st
Phone Main 5348
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
20 trackmen for track laying; new work at
Uklah for the Cal. N. W. R. R. Co.'s own
' work; to go to-day; free fare; wages $2 day;
free fare -.
The above is company's own work...l..
ALSO FOR UKIAH TO-DAY
! 25 teamsters...... Ukiah Freo
25 laborers Uklah Fare
20 trackmen, company's own work .'...
! MECHANICAL HELP
Brlckmason's helper, mine company; tinsmith
for a large company, • $2 50 day; 8 boiler-
makers, country, 1 $3 60; horseshoer for drayage
company, city, $3 day; blacksmith's helper:
stonecutter, city Job, $20 week ; young man
with some experience in carpentering, city
job; furnace man for a mine, $65, etc.; house
, rent; porter who can repair stoves, country
furniture store; bench hand, country planing-
mtll, married; 2 molders, city
....SAWMILLS AND "WOODS
8 more laborers for . mills. yard3 and woods,
no experience required.... $35 to $65 and found
6 men | to cook in woods, no experience, San
Mateo County, $1 fare ..$30 and found
6 crosscut sawyers, $45 and found..".
LABORERS, ETC
10 laborers, fare 35c, $34 and found; 3 laborers,
city factory, $1 75; 10 shovelers, $60; 110 la-
borers for other jobs, $1 75 to $2 SO day........
.MISCELLANEOUS. FARMS, ETC
Young man, coal yard, $9 week; butter-maker
and milker, $30; 2 canwashers, city, $25; 25
farmers, orchard, farm, vineyard, etc
4 milkers, same dairy, north.: ..$30 and found
10 choremen and choreboys, city and country
jobs; choreman. Catholic Institution, coun-
try; boy to drive light delivery wagon city;
10 teamsters, city, $1 75, $2 to $2 25 day...
Porter for store..;.. ........$35
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, small city hotel .... $33 and found
Man and wife to work around institution.
$37 50 and found; dishwasher for officers'
mess. $20 and found ;' butcher and sausage-
maker for mining company, $40 and found;
2 beef luggers, $2 25 day; 10 waiters, 523 and
$35; 12 dishwashers and kitchen hands
3 camp waiters, see boss here, good job..
MURRAY & READY.... ...634-636 Clay st.
A— 2 BOILER-MAKERS, company work, coun-
try. *. ..$3 GO day
..MURRAY & READY. ... .../.. 634-636 Clay st.
A— CHEAP fare to Shasta and Trinity counties.
We ship every night. 250 laborers, no ex-
perience required on this Job... '.$2 to $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY.... 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and' wife* for kitchen " work," smair house.
$45; lunch-counter waiter for Nevada, $35 and
found; delicatessen man \u25a0 for co'untry, $35 to
' $40 and board ;' cook "for laborers, - $35: second
' cook, , restaurant, $70; - pantryman, porters,
waiters and other hotel and restaurant- help.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St..
RANCH carpenter, $40; choreman, city, $20 and
found; gardener, $35 to $40 and found; 10 rallr
road- laborers, free fare; 15 scraper teamsters,
$2 and $2 25 a day; man handy with tools for
ranch, $40 and found: milker, $30; milk wagon
driver,' $25 and found; 10 laborers for quarry,
. $2 a day, and others. > J ; 'F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. - . .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12.
; Cook for bar lunch counter, country, $5'),
' fr*e fare; vegetable cook, .$30; bell boys.- $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free emDloyment. 327 Market St., room 207.
I." LEFS, eecretary; telephone , Jessie 1176. .
SPIRITUAXISM-^ontinned^^^^
MRS. J. J. WHITNET, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sitting*. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell Bt ; Ellis car. . -
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings dally. 50c. ....
ARNOLD and Dickson;'big crowds; low prices;
$2 and $3 readings for 60c, $1. 201 Turk st
BARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.
OAKLAND, 1118 Brush, cor. 13th. G. F. PER-
KINS, readings daily; circle Thursday eve.
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun., Tues. and Thurs.,
8 p. m.; 10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
HARMACHEIS, greatest living occult medlum,-
healer; read. ; treatments dally. 332 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP, Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night. "10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME." M. BERN ARdT ~~™~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner- bldg.. She
\u25a0 reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of .the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all. affairs of life;
i 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. \
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
I anteed by mail; eend stamp for pamphlet
. with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE IF NOT CORRECT. '
Permanently located in my own home. WES-
LEY ORMAN, psychic, trance, clairvoyant
I medium. Those calling, to-day will receive
1 the benefit of my lowest fee, SI; hours, 10
a. m. to 7:30 p. m. 417 Ellis Bt >
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail ;' permanently
located at 125 Turk st ; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
futare;full names given ;slttlngs 50c326A Ellis.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8.262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
NATILLA. olairvoyant-palmlst. 334 O'Farrell;
one question free; occult sciences taught.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents. SOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader; send
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.'
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying-;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 801; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market st.; phone Mint 1096.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
8c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st.;tel.Capp 2642.
ADVANCE .Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutt«r st.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.;
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st ; teL South 250.
J.E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning- and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION" OFFICES-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No ohargn un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. '
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— LOVELY sunny cottage; cor. Cumberland
and Dolores sts.; modern.
DENTISTS. '
A^Dr! "*f."^^IGGiNs7"92TiMarket street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable pricea
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 60:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT! the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crownn, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth-.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work don«
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 64 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. o!
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CKEELY'S C. P. ' dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave..
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
. Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S
GINEERING— Theory, demonstration, con-
struction; laboratory and shop work; thor-
oughly practical; day and night. 24 Post st.,
S. F. ; catalogue free. i . ; • -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA. Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st... .
ACTING.' elocution,' specialties, Hallett Sohool,
associated with- .theatrical, agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng; practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction;, catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School.. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
' ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and • the
I Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San *"ran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. '
WANTED— Good mandolin players : for select
club, 'and 1 violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. „ S. F. • Conservatory, S01 Jones st. :'•
SPANISH, French.etcProf.DeFllippe'sAcademy
otLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native /Spanish
teacher; translations. , 513 McAllister St..'..;
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY F. WESTII A US. piano.' mandolin, guitar
lessons, COc; piano for practice. ; 3» Fifth st
- EDUCATIONAL—^ontlnqed. -^
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. - 125 Mason st. \u25a0 ."*
ACTING — Send • to Grand Opera-House for cir-
oular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
PROF. L. MERKL experienced teacher; violin,
\u25a0 mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24-Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of, all kinds;
. cooks, \u25a0 waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI &, CQ... 421. Post st; tel. Bush 135. •
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help.. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all. kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT" ..WANTED — FEMALE.
RESERVED young lady who Is a good reader
desires a position as companion to lady, or
will take care of two children; must be in a
refined .family. Please address D. W., box 33,
Lincoln, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light housework
or taking care of an old lady. Apply 2 Hamp-
\u25a0.ton court, off Harrison St., between Second
and Third. • " - . '
YOUNG Swedish girl desires' situation, house-
work and cook; understands a little English;
no postals. 316 Missouri St., South San Fran-
cisco. . .
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter desires posi-
tion; experienced and good penman. Address
K. T. F., 483- Twenty-sixth St., Oakland. •'
SITUATION wanted in private family by" reli-
able colored man and wife. Call at 253 Jessie
St., near Fourth. \u25a0 - . .
RESPECTABLE young \u25a0 girl ? desires - general
housework and cooking-; wages $25. Call at
412 Linden ave., near Hayes st.' : *
! EXPERIENCED waitress and chambermaid
would like situation in' plain country hotel;
$15 a month and board of 7-year-old child.
Address P. O. box 452, Haywards, Cal. •
AN American lady, an excellent manager,
would like position as housekeeper; can give
. best of references. Call or address MRS.
WILSON, Hotel Oaks, 119 Third st.
RELIABLE woman • with a child 6 years ola
wiehee to do chamberwork in exchange for
.room and board. Address box 948, Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes a position as parlor
maid and waitress or second work and wait-
lng. Please call at 1204 Oak st. .
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework or cooking in private family;
best of city references. Call 523 Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and typewriting; experience main object. Ad-
dreBS "Stenographer." Frultvale.
A REFINED woman.. wants position as assist-
ant bookkeeper or in stationery or book store;
references. . Box 1094, Call office.
LADY would like towels and napkins to v/ash
at home. MRS. THIEDE, 102 Mission St..
PLAIN sewing and mending. 502 O'Farrell St.,
corner Jones, room 4.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; '25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 < week; convenient and' respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
AN elderly widower with long experience In
California wishes to have working charge of
a small place in the country; understands In-
cubation and " raising poultry; strictly tem-
perate, active, energetic;, very best references.
Address box 966. Call office.
AMERICAN, good . references, accustomed to
orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening,
etc., wants country or private place to care
for during owner's absence; moderate wages.
Address box 954. • Call orflce.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged educated
man, teetotaler. In private family | or insti-
tution; understands plain gardening;; bed-
maklng; handy with tools. \u25a0\u25a0 Box 972. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, bill clerk or collector's posl-
tion wanted by middle-aged man; city ex-
perience; good references; small salary to
begin. Box 95S, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; understands the care of horses; good
driver; can milk and attend to garden; good
references.- Box 959, Call office. -
MAN wishes position In a liquor house; for-
merly rectifier with Wolters . Bros. & Co. and
Thomas Taylor & Co. |J H. A. PUTZMAN, 1126
Market st
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; steady and fine all-around man; very
best references . and personal from last em-
ployer. Address this week, M, M., 221 Sixth.
CARRIAGE painter,' all-around man, experi-
enced finisher, seeks situation. F. LUES-
CHER, 1010 Montgomery st
YOUNG German wants situation as handy man
about place, driving included. Address 225
O'Farrell st, room 6. '
GUNMAKER, well up In all kinds of repair.
Ing, 10 years' experience, wants situation. K.
HUDER. 1010 Montgomery >t.
GROCERY clerk, several, years' experience,
wants a position; reference from first-class
houoc. Address box 961, Call office. .
TOUNG man desires a situation as gardener
and all-around man In a private place. E.
\u25a0C. 207 Montgomery ave.
POSITION wanted by a competent man as
collector; bonds and references given; salary
no object. \u25a0 Box 958, Call offl.ee.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wants position,
or willing to work In Institution or hotel.
Box 97», Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady work. Inquire at New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery ave. .
WANTEIH-By a miner of 28 years', activn ex-
perience, a foremanshlp in Southern Califor-
nia, Mexico or South America; uses no In-
toxicants; la a man of family; American
boin; speaks Spanish and ' Norwegian also;
special attention paid to development of new
properties. Address "Miner," box 1033, Call.
I CAN use carpenter tools, mend stoves, furni-
ture, harness, wagons, paint, drive team, keep
books; handy at anything; want permanent
employment; references. Box- 930. Call.
AN Al tlemaker. married, . wants, long job, or
would take work in split camp. • Address E.
G. NELSON, 8248 Mission st. . '
AN experienced bookkeeper and - timekeeper
wishes position; -will furnish references. Box
809. Call. . \u25a0
SITUATION as butter-maker by experienced,
sober young man. Address L. GILLETT, 214
Third St., care of Hughes House, room 19. j
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position as
teamster; good driver. 1667 Atlantic St., Oak-
land. .
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE,' 20 Prospect
place. . .. •
JAPANESE honest boy ' wants position as
schoolboy in the city. Address T. MACEDA,
646^ Valencia St., San Francisco.
BARBER with 2 years' experience wishes posl-
tton; country preferred. Box 965, Call office.
YOUNG barber wishes position in short hour
shop. Box 939,, Call office.
DRUG clerk; student with experience; after-
noons; reference. Box 1034. Call.
WATCHMAN of experience wants work; city
or country; highest references. B.ox 1045, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 »
.- .- \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• FINANCIAL. -.- ,
COMPANIES promoted \u25a0 and financed; stock
taken In payment for services ;< good mining
and -industrial- propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st. , -.--
PACIFIC Coast ' Underwriting Co. (inc.)— "We
have 42 offices in operation; . new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porate*; stocks and bonds, underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
. . FLATS TO LET.
A— $10— SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
821 Valencia st., near Nineteenth, third floor.
NE. CORNER of Haight and Steiner sts.; sun-
\u25a0 ny flat; 8 rooms; reasonable. - :
MODERN flat, 5 rooms; large closets, stable
4 stalls; $27. 377 Shotwell St.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens',' corner bay wln-
dow; middle: modern. Key 417H Third gt.
' FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12M30 HaTeT'nrrvTNess
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
' FURNITURE FOR, SALE. \
517 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; ' plate mirror.
J $1 — Solid oak chair; factory price.
\u25a0 $2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, . 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, : $.48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
3000 YARDS carpet: leather library set. 6 pieces,
cost $125.'- D. GREEN WALT, 70S Valencia st.
HELP -WASTED— MALE — Con. t
. . £,
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELT.
CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15 No. 4, California st.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction Co..
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. & Co..
Dundon Bridge and Construction Co.,
Healey, Tibbitts & Co..
Hyde Construction Co.,
Darby Laydon & Co..
J. A. McMahon.
Pacific Construction Co.,
Thomson Bridge Co.,
Robt. Wakefleld.
WANTED— Brass bedstead makers. A. AIEKL.H
COMPANY. 517-519 Mission st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and Devisadero. sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships- for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
AIcDONALD & PERRY have 500 pain second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Paat com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat.G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms: frea '
'bus and basgace to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal] branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been establlsned at 1098
Valencia st. ' -
HORSES AND W'AGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, October 9, at 11 a. m., at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth at. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard, 1732 Market st.
ONE 1-horso truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one. second-hand
trap" CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING.
1942 Union st.
WANTED— To buy two-horse track, second
. hand. Drayman, box 974, Call office.
TWO express wagons and 8 fine buslneas bug.
gies for sale cheap. 1304 Folsom. Bt.
WANTED— A cheap saddle horse. 925 Sutter st.
"WANTED— j-horse coupe. 925 Sutter »t-
150 HEAD atock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. g. -
ONE black road team, one carriage, team, on«
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
AiBARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave. -~.
BARGAIN" — Single horse coal and hay wagons:
second-hand wagons and harness. 1634 Mission.
, CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dexn.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass at., S. F
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
WASHINGTON, 8421, near Walnut— Completely
furnished 2-story residence of 7 rooms and
bath; marine view; large garden, etc.: to
rent for 6 months or longer. Apply to CEN-
TER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
TO LET— Nicely furnished house. 8 rooms and
bath. 523 Hill St.. near Castro; no small
children; call between 1 and 4.
A SUNNY cottase. 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda; H block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST — Black feather boa on Geary St.; between.
Leavenworth and Powell, Thursday after-
noon. Return to 1122 Alabama st. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Purse. Return to JEAX CARET. 800
Market st.
LOST— Between Devisadero and Flllmore. on
Hayes st. or on Fillraote, between Broadway
and Hayes, lady's cut steel chatelaine bag:
reward $5. Box 943 Call.
LOST— In the neighborhood of Tenth and Mar-
ket ats.. a buckle and locket with Initials of
P. L. B. Finder kindly return to P. L. BAN-
NON. 523 Mission St., and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
told and illver to maka new watch cases.
MATTHIASES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and atertllzed, uphol-
\u25a0tery; Al carpet cleanlnf ; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell at:
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. AUTEXRIED wishes to annooace
to all those afflicted — no matter what may b«
your troubles or how long standing — that aha
will give consolation and advice free of
charge for the next two days. If. you are alck.
discouraged and have loat all hope of ever be-
ing blessed with health again call upon her.
If she can. cure you she will say so. If not
she will be equally as frank, aw fee for
treatment is in the reach of all. Call at once
for free consolation. No cure, no pay. Is this
not honest? Could anything be fairer? She is
a recognized graduated physician. \u25a0 433 Eddy
St.; hours. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are slcJc and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases hava
been relieved by my medical treatment: freo
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complalnt3
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR G
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market at., opp. Fifth!
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal Unlverstty.
Berlin; 25 years' experience In midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her*
takes and treats ladles before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
$15; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 IStit
St.; Mlssion-et. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DA VIES, who has been In
business here for 25 years, Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; of flea
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 ta 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WTETH, reliable ladles' specialist;
private home before and during; confinement:
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell et.
A GREAT victory over diseases of women; Dr
Alice J. Prather's Asiatic Magic Powder; con-
snltatlon and samples free. R. 11. 102 GUIs st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dies specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
A CONFINEMENT home for the poor; fre* of
charge. Address ABC, box 2333. Call office.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN*, the eminent ladles' spe- 1
rialist. has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods: 23 years* experience in S. F. :
guarantees to cure all female trouble: mater-
nlty hospital ; fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by hprb9.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
s*!cond hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made: we can ship everythlne
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Apply Rlsdon
Iron Works, corner Howard and Beale sts.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc: also wood- working tools, such 'as
band saws, wood planers, shaoers. • stickers
mortisers. saws, etc. J. B. JAItDINE. 220
Fremont ' »t.
Grajphopbones. Phonographs. Gramophones $3 to
$1M; easy terms; children's toy graphopliones
|1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia. Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery enV"
TRIPLE plate silver tea set; four pieces- eo«t '
*22 30; sell' for $7 50. CORBIN, 320 Mason St.
room 13; Saturday 2 to 4. -"
BUSryKSS CH AJf CES-— -Conttniiea.
HERE IS YOUR CHOICE. ,
A dairy produce, pork and delicatessen store
for $550 in one of the best business streets in
San Francisco, or a poultry ranch for $400 in
Alameda County; both places stand Investiga-
tion; will teach buyer business If desired;
. rent for store with 3 ! living rooms - is $15 a
month and rent for the ranch with bouse and
1H acres of land is $7 a month. Address box
233L Call office, Oakland. , ' ' >
HONEST speculation— make your money earn
a steady income; $28 upward invested wlth^us
will earn 20 per cent to 30 per cent . monthly,
payable every 15 days; send for our new book,
"Successful Systematic Speculation,"' mailed
free; tells how to operate on the grain mar-
ket without loss; highest commercial, finan-
cial and successful customer, references.
FREDERICK E. PARKER, broker, 155 La
Salle st., Chicago, 111. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 -
I HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
stores and lodging-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. ' J. DECK, room 208, Emma
Spreckels building. . '
WANTED— Man with $200 in office business;
experience not necessary; a fine chance for a
rustler. F. • J. DECK, room 208, Emma Spreck-
els building. \, \u25a0
A— $190— BEAUTIFUL Market-st. cigar stand,
netting $2 50 dally;' sacrificed;, account
rheumatism. Ask HEDGES BROS., 410 Par-
rott building. . . ' . ,.
I WANT to buy a grocery and bar; good,
clean stock. Box S1L Call office.
CARPENTER shop for sale or partner wanted;
old established. Address box- 978, Call- office.
CORNER grocery and furnished house, Santa
Clara. Co. ; good reasons selling. Box 975, CalL
FOR " sale— Locksmith's . business, | with . tools,
for small eum; good reason for selling. Ap-
ply MR. McLEAN, 1146 Mission St., ,7:30 a.
m., 12 to 1 noon, or 5:30 p. m.
DENTIST— Fine country practice;, will'. sacri-
fice If taken immediately; Address box 978,
Call office.
DRUG store for sale— Middle section Cal. city;
fine location; elegant fixtures; money-maker;
doing paying business; good prices; value :
fSOOO; will be sold for cash or exchange for
6. F. or Oakland property. Address box 841,
Call office. ..-
TO exchange for cigar stand, grocery, lodging-
house or good mercantile business: two new
flats; cost $3500; rents $25. W. BELL, 142
Crocker building.
FOR SALE — The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. (' D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal. . v
FOR SALE— A well fitted up saloon on Market
St., near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain;
no agents. Apply at McLeod & Hatze, 515
Market at.
$250— FOR sale; bakery, confectionery and laun-
dry office; 2 large living-rooms; block from i
grammar school. Box 943. Call.
TO let— An old-established restaurant on First
and Brannan, opposite Mail dock. Inquire at
Excelsior Saloon: rent cheap.
PRACTICAL mechanic with business ability
desires opening for small capital. Box 958,
Call office.
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business; price $1500. Box 1002. Call office.
$2000 WILL take a good country hotel; short
distance from city; good business. Further
information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED — Parties to take shares • in a rich
gold mine and help develop. 321^4 Turk st.,
12 to 2 d. m.
RESTAURANT, cheap; 410 Kearny St.; other
business; must sell; make offer.
GENTLEMAN of ability, acquainted with city,
to buy interest in business. Box 957, Call.
PARTNER wanted: wholesale business ship-
ping daily to 10 States & B. C. Box 15S,. Call, j
FOR SALE— A splendidly located stationery
store and cigar stand; no agents. Box 940, Call.
PARTNER wanted In bakery business; good
opening to right man. 321 Ellis st.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. Ill East
St., north of Market.
WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Gearv and Devlaadero.
I ' m —~ m ""^^™
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE. 1020 Market St.. is
HEADQUARTERS TOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20.000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
. 40 rooms; boarding - 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200;
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st, 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
"4 rooms; on Market st ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
85-room worklngman's house; cheap rent. $2000
6-room fiat: all rented 223
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 roams; fine furniture; sec this bargain.
21 rooms: $100 cash, balance payments.... 1004
CO rooms: rent $100. clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250....; 4000
12 rooms: Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
24 rooms; Geary St.; payments 1900
15 rooms; Suttcr St.; central , 450
MONEY LOANED Phone John 631
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt.. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~ '
850 Market ist. and 8 Stockton at..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Fee our list of bargains.
44 r.; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
apart ments $3000
Mr.; rent $90; cor.; elegant fur 3000
IS) r. ; rent $75; Al location; pays well 1200
IS r. ; rent $55; oak & wain, fur.; clears $60 800
15 r. ; rent $00; good fur. and jcarpets &50
14 r. ; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders; good.. 1000
12 r. ; rent $65; cor. ;.A1 Ice; clears $32.. 900
10 r.; rent $35; partly furnished 4C0
8 r.; rent ?40; Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. SSO
Over DCO houses listed. Call before buying.
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; cheap; price $639.
12 rooms on Second st. ; great bargain; price
$225.
21 rooms on Kddy st. ; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter st. ; price $500.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold In our
office under a thorough Investigation; for any
line of business call at our office, 1016 MarkeV
St.. opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO.. Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
THE DONALD "INVESTMENT CO.
£J0 Market st Tel. Davis 281
Roomlr.K houses and hotels: all sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us If
you want to sell.
Houses., eold on. easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG to publish. • '\u25a0 .
ATTENTION! — Buyers will find it to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
A CO., 83r. Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
34 r.......$1400 22 r......$S0O 16 r JSCO
20 r lir>0 20 r 800 ' 14 r...... 450
18 r ... l r 'C> 13 r 600 12 r 403
15 r 700 8 r SSO ' . 10 r....\. 400
| Sr 550 0 r...... 223 . 7 r.......225
I R. G. WILKE. 2G'/ 2 Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
i We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; come -and see our list and we know
I vre can satisfy vou; hou«=es to trade, to ex-
| chajige and money loaned; don't forget the
I office, it Is 2GV4 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
TEN rooms; Sutter; worth $1000; rent $55.. $750
14 rooms; Gear?-^first-class; oak furn..l250
15 rooms; rent $55; fine velvet carpets.... 1400
28 rooms, rent & water $96, half cash 2430
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market st. ; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911, \u25a0
917- Market St.. near Fifth.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list .first. MITCHELL & CO.. 12QS Market st.
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 14 j rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 323'/4 Mission St., op-
posite Mint ave. \u25a0
COME quick— House of 9 "rooms; rent $20; $250
cafh. F. J. DECK. 327 Market St.. room 208.
\u25a0 LODGIXG-HOUSES WAXTEPJ
WANTED— House of 10 or 13 rooms, partly
furnlrhcil: central location. Box. 967. Call. \u25a0\u25a0
' SPIRITUALISJir 7 " ~
ADVlLil and assistance— It will cosTTou^noU>
ing to fall anl talk It over and see what can
be d. n-- lor you. "WESLEY ORMAN, 417 Ellis
street. • • • i . ' . ' \u25a0 :
A-aih s. DU. FARNHAM, tplritual medium
ni?d hfe reader: mining a specialty; cir.. Sun..
\\ed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market St.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tu'es-
2£?'', Thursday> 8:15 p ' m ' : 25c <" readings daily:
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyd« 2564. "
PROF. GEE, 108 Cth— Readings 50c and $1- clr
every night ex. Sun., 10c. ; tel. Howard 1123.PALACE HOTEL.
G Scifert. San Jose P Hardy, Ca!
W A Porter. Boston A M Hanmore. Redwd
J G Waterman, Cal J Al Amwegr. Phlla
AH Noyles. StMtchael Mrs Churchill. Napa
CAS Frost. StMlchael Miss Churchill. Napa
P J McLaughlin. Minn L Loewenbach. Paris
A Austrian & w. Ill B Goodman Phlla
M Tillotson. NT C Moore. London
Mls» F O'Meara. Utah H H Knox, X T
M J O*Meara, Utah C C Kavanah, Boise
E D Herdman, yeflds Miss Drennan, Sta Crz
W E Gerber & w, Sac Miss Ryland San Joea
Mrs -McCoy. NT HE Henoch, N T
Miss McCoy. NY P D Mayer. Stanford
Miss Sinclair. NY. EC Vooraies. Cal
Mrs La wry. NT J A Veatch. Sutter Crk
Miss Cusson, NT J Meyer, Colusa
Miss Hirsch. NY N Strauss. New York
MaJ F H Goddard. NY W W Morrow, Cal
W WaHlng. NY WE Garber & w,.Cal
E von Meyer, N Y Miss Garber. Cal
J O Hutchlnson. N , Y j Kruttschnltt, Cal
O D Owen, Pasadena Rev J E Simpson. Or
G W Bush. Redding Mrs S A Short. Nev
Mrs J Mohan. Dublin Miss E Short. Nev
D Jonas. Santa Cruz M Martin & w. X Y
Capt E O Tompkinson, E B Yerinsrton, Carson
Santa Monica Mrs L A Terry Sacto
E S Churchill. Napa MUs Terry, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Taylor, L Ang M P Costa. Hanford
Mr» Urquhart. Seattle M V Garcia. Hanford
J Barnes, Seattle J Francis & w. S Dies
M Greenbaum, Seattle S Campbell. S Jose
F B Lyman & w. Cal Mrs Campbell. S Jose
W F Day, Fresno A Blossom. Stockton -
J Morton. L Ang J Smith & w. Colusa
D Williams & w. Fres H Elchnald, Texas
W- H La Baree. Cal - C Beck with, Sacto
Mrs Chrisman., L Ang W J Rogers, S Jo3e
E C Cochran. Cal C F Craven. Chicago
T Duncan & w, S Barb C A Carroll, Cal
F B Crow. Phila W D Held, Ukiah
C E Sweezey. Cal W Proudfoot. USA
E Tomkinson. Cal C B Jil'.son. Napa
A M Anthony. Cal C C Gaines. Sacto
Dr CE Retd. Petalmai J H Sawtell Chlco'
J L Gillette. Le Grand' Dr Archer. Redding i
Florence Gillette, Cal J Carlisle. Boston
Miss O Gillette, Cal C G Lundholm Cal
J W Kaseberg, Cal A Bemmerly, Cal
P L Flanagan. Nev - R Leathers. Cal
Mrs E Samuels. Cal C Wetmore, Suisua .
HOTEL ARBIVAIU5.
: Frank and Sarah A. . Bragg to Mar'ne En
gineers' Beneficial. Association No. 35. of San
Francisco ,(a ' corporation),, undivided half of
Amelia E. Sherman (widow) to S. & G. Gump
Company (corporation), lot on N line of Haight
street, 63 E of Fillmore. E 75 by N 95; $10. \u25a0
George B. and Lucinda M. Bannan to Lewis
M. Bannan. lot on E line of Pierce street, 77 :4H
S of Clay. S 25 by E 93:9; $1.
j Anne Hadley (widow) to Joachim D. Hlnt
mann, lot on W line of Pierce street, 75 N of
Eddy. N 25 by.W 90; %\. * -
Oscar H. Ferguson to Theodore J. Roche, lot
on NW cornar of , Green and Baker, streets, W
110:10 by N 120:«; $10. -
Albert and Charlotta Wllford to George T..
Lewis and Benjamin Jones, lot on S line of
Fulton street, 63:3 W of Shrader, W 26:6 by S
SO; 110. -\u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' i. "
Jessie Clancy and Henrietta. G. and Frank A.
Hlgby to Samuel B. and Julia Smith, lot on E
line 'of Walnut street, 107:6% N of California,
N 25:0% by E 137:6; $10. \u25a0
William W. R. and Clara E. Hatch to Wil
liam Mann, lot on W line of Harrison street.
95 S of Twentieth, S 75 by W 122:6; also lot on
W.line of Harrison street. 175 S of Twentieth,
S 50 byW- 122:8; $10. .
Mary A. Freeman (Hartley) to Edward Du
clos. lot on E line of Polsom street. 65 S of
Twenty-third. S 80 by E 90; 510.
B. \u25a0 H Schunhoff to Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on E line of Valencia street
40 S of Twenty-third, S 40 by E 125: also lot on
N line of Twenty-fifth street, 200 W of Castro,
W 40 by N\114:,«0. . ... ..
Jeanne ' Mendlondou (widow) to Elizabeth j T.'
Davis (wife of J. J.), lot on E-line of Dolores
street. 76:8 N of Thirtieth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Charles C. Kane to Elizabeth G. Buckley, lot
on N Hue of Twenty-sixth (Navy) street. 1S6 -8
Wol Church. W 53:4 by N 114; $10.
..James T. Fitzgerald to Jeremiah D. Sullivan,
lot on W line of Da\Ms street, 60 N of Washing
ton. M 24 by W 75; $10. .
j Elizabeth A. \u25a0 Heydenfeldt et al. vs. Zella O.
Helllngs'et al. (by G.' H. Umbsen. referee) to
Simpson Lumber Company (corporation), lot on
SF. corner of Beach and Stockton streets, 3 275
by E 137:G; $30.C00. ' .
Gertrude MeUler to Oscar and Dora Metiler.
lot on NW line of Natoma street, 75 NE of
Seventh. NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
. Christine and Charles K. Zimmer to Frances
Noonan (widow), lot on SE - line of Mission
street. 75 SW of Sixth. SW 50 by SE 83; S10.
Lyford and Mary S. Sinclair to Margaret A.
Kaiser, all interest In lot on SE line of Na
toma street, &D SW of Eighth. SW 25 by SK
75; J5C0. • .
Alfred an* Anna Simon and Lucy Heynemann
to Louis Simon, lot on NE corner of Pine; and
Franklin streets. N 68:9 by E 137:8; $10. 1
Louis, Anna and Alfred Simon and Lucy
Heynemann to Ludwig Arnafein. lot on E line
of Franklin street, 6S:9 N of Pine, N 68:9 by E
137:6; $10. : .
P.EA-L ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
; SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..'..rtl893- — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. 273 —
Mutual Sav.... SO — Union Trust..l"TO ~
Ban Francls=o.52s> —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .....129^ — IOSL& H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio — ... 31 —
Market 83 90 I
i • ',\u25a0 4 ' . • POWDER.
Giant .......... 751* 75 8 / 8 lVigorit * VA
. SUGAR.
Hana 4% 5% Kilauea 10^ —
Hawaiian — 50 iMakaweli 28- 29
Honokaa 10^4 10%jQnomea 2414 25
Hutchlnson ... 14*i — IPaauhau 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. — 1« Oceanic S Co. 40% 44
Cal Fruit Can. 97 98 Pac Aux FA. 2H .—
Cal Wine Aan. 84% — Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Exchnse..U0 — Par Paint. 16 — :
Morning Session.
Board—
25 California Wine Association 84 73
25 California -Wine Association 84 50
25 California Wine Association 84 CO
50 California Wine Association, s 90.... 84 00
25 California Wine Association 84 25
25 California Wine Association 84 87&
100 California Wine Association 85 CO
25 Contra Costa Water 77 DO
60 Equitable Gas 3 50
50 Giant Powder 75 50
30 Honokaa Company 10 25
10 Market-street Railway 90 37ft
10 'Market-street Railway 90 50
• 30 Market-street Railway 90 62^
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds... 121 75
$1000 Oceanic S S Co. b 3 103 50
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 25
\u25a0 60 San Francjsco Gas & Electric Co 43 37^4
17000 S F & Sjj V Bonds 123 00
Street— •
110 Sprjng Valley Water, s 10..... S8 23
Afternoon. Session.
50 California Wine Association ..85 30
115 California Wine Association 85 00
15 Contra Costa Water 77 50
20 Giant Powder Con ...75 50
. 20 Honokaa 10 50
200 Makaweli 28 30
10 Mttrket-street Railway .'... 90 00
20 Market-street Railway i. 89 75
2 Market-street Railway 89 50
— PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
\u25a0Board—
;2C0 Junction 2Q
300 Junction 19
300 Oil City Petroleum 24
200 Peerless ; 4 5 mi
150 Peerless, b 90 5 50
\u25a0 10 Peerless 5 25
300 Reed Crude 33
100 Sterling 140
Street— •
10O Junction 21
Afternoon Session.
Board-* \u25a0 -
450 Caribou 75
500 Giant 31
100 Home .\u25a0 H ;.. 3 40
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 30.... 23
250 Peerless, b 90 550
300 Peerless : \u25a0. 5 12%
200 Reed Crude 33'
MINING STOCKS. *
The following- were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day;
Morning Session. *
200 Andes -06 500 Ophir 69
1500 Belcher, 08 700 Overman ....... 04'
100, Challenge 10 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 13
500 Chollar 06 100 Sierra Nevada. U
1100 Mexican ........ 11 100 Union Con 14
£00 Ophir bS 200 Yellow Jacket.. 05
', Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge- Ill 100 Potoet 07
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 66 1 100 Union Con 15
10O Confidence 65 100 Yellow Jacket.. 06
100 Mexican 15
The . following were the sales in the P^ciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher C« r 300 Gould & Curry 01
500 Best & Belcher 14 200 Mexican .T 15
200 Challenge It) 1 500 Ophir 69
100 Con Cal & V.I 67M>| 500 Scorpion ... 02
100 Confidence 70 j 300 Sierra Nevada. 15
: 300 Confidence ..... 6S I 900 Sierra Nevada. 11
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 14 100 Potosi 07
1C0 Best & Belcher 15 100 Silver Hill 31
200 Challenge 11 300 Union Con ..... 15
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65 300 Yellow Jacket.. 06
200 Ophir W 50 Yellow Jacket.. 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. 11.— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
Alta C2 04 Imperial ........ — 0i
Andes 05 06 Kentuck : — 03
Bullion ......... — C2 Mexican ......:. 15 16
Best & Bflcher 14 -16 Ophir ";:..... «9 70
Belcher 07 OS Overman ....... 04 C5
Con Cal& Va..I 65 1 70 Occidental ...... 05 06
Chollar 05 07 Potosi 09 0<
Crown Point ... .06 OS Savage 10 11
Confidence 66 6S Sierra Nevada. 14 15
Caledonia 28 SO Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Challenge v 10 11 Silver Hill 31 32
Exchequer • j~ Standard 3 90 i 05
Gould & Curry 03 Hi Utah 62 OS
Hale &, Norc... 13 14 Union 14 15
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 05 06
Justice 02 0£
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
I am horrified at Mr. Morley's speech on
Egypt. If you think your party hopeless ke«p
the money, but give it to some charity. Jt
would be an awful thing to give my money for
the breaking up of the empire.
In 1S92 Rhodes again wrote to Schnad
horst, drawing attention to a speech by
Gladstone foreshadowing a scuttle out of
Egypt, ana expressing the hope, that
Schnadhorst would do his best to check
the mad step. But, he said, if "your re
spected leader remains obdurate I shali
certainly call upon you to devote my sub
scription to some public charity."
In Schnadhorst's reply he says Rhodes*
money had already been spent, as he be
lieved it was given mainly to help the
home rule struggle. Schnadhorst, how
ever, assured Rhodes that Gladatone'8 ut
terances were only an expression of hi3
opinfon, that Sir William Vernon Har
court was also annoyed at them, and that
no scuttle out of Egypt was likely, as be
had seen Lord Rosebery, then slated for
Foreign Minister, who would not permit
it. being "a strong man. who will take his
own course, very different from the
pliant, supple Granville."
"On the reception of this." Rhodes says,
'I bothered no more, as upon Lord Rose
bery's appointment I knew that Egypt
was saved. I leave your readers to de
cide how far Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man is justified in characterizing the orig
inal statements as a lie from beginning to
en &\. According to their statements,
neither Sir Henry Caropbell-Bannerman
nor Sir William Harcourt are acquainted
with the facts. But I naturally assumed
that Mr. Schnadhorst was speaking with
authority;." . .
lot on SW line of Main street, 120 SE of Fol
som, SW 137:6 by SE 30: »10.
Charity Havward (wife) to Alvinza Hay
ward, lot on SE line of Brannan street. 137- 6
NE of Second. NE 117:6 by SE 137:8: also lot
S?r. I LP 0 , l ' ner o£ Brani »an and Eighth streets.
NE 206:3 by SE 275; alia lot on E corner of
Market and Dolores streets, S 24, E ISO N
83:8%. NW 72:4U. SW 175: also lot on SE 'cor
ner of Lombard and Octavla streets. E 113 S
137:6, E 20. SE 63:9, SW 137:6. N 2C«:3; also
lot on S line of Lombard street. 31:3 E of La-
Runa. E 350. S 100, E 31:3, S 73. W 31:3, S 100
W 25." N 137:6. W 23, S 137:6, W SoO. IT 100. AV
31:3. N 50. E 106:3. N 23, W 75. N ICO; also lot
on SW comer of North Point and Stockton
street*. S 275 by W 412:6; also lot on SE cor
ner of North Point and Taylor streets. E
1S7:6. S 137:8. E 35. S 137:6. W 172:6. N 275:
also lot on NW corner of Lombard street and
Van Nesa avenue. N 271.52; SW 430.S. S 36.05.
E 3S3.97. quitclaim deed; $10.
John H. and Ellsabetha K. Friedrfchs. Sanct
Paulus Kirchen Vereln of San Francisco (a
corporation) to California Casket Company (a
corporation), lot on SE line of Mission -Btreet.
275 NE of Sixth. NE 67:« by SE 120r S33.000.
Otis B. Ansell to same, lot on NW line of
Minna street. 275 NE of Sixth, NE 67:8 by
NW 40; |10.
Ranald W. and Chrlstena A. Smith to Cath
arine Bartholdy (wife of A.), lot on 8 line of
Cortland avenue. 23 • W of Bennineton. W 23
by S 100. lot 13. *lock 6, Fair"a subdivision of
Holly Park Tract; $10.
Thome and Catherine Kashow (Le Mar) to
Joseph B. Coryell. lot on NE line of Twenty
sixth avenue south. 150 SH3 of M street south.
SE SO by NE 100. lots 33 to 35. block 483. Bay
City Homestead Association: $10.
William II. Gillespie (administrator of eatat?
of Mary LafTerty, by F. M. Thai, commis
sioner) to Mary C. Carroll (administratrix of
estate of John M. Carroll), lot on E line of
California avenue. 100 N of Virginia avenue. N
25 by E 140, lots ISO and 200 Gift Map 3:/JC00O.
John S. G. Young: to- Olive Verkouteren
(widow), lot on W line of Gould street, 200 8
of Paul avenue. S 25 by W 100, lot 16. block 3.
Garden Tract Homestead Association; Ho.
Flora D. Jones (widow) to Margaret Lamb
(widow), lot on N line of Pa*e street. 297:<:
W of Webster. W 25 by N 137:3; $10.
C. P. Toft to N. C. Toft, lot on N line of
Waller street. 136:3 W of Flllmore, W 50 by
N 120; $10.
Nathaniel T. Coulson to George E. Tooker.
lot on N line of Haiyht street, 50 E of Pierce.
E 25 by N 110; $10.
Metropolitan Improvement Company to Peter
F. Dunne, lot on SE corner of pacific avenue
and Baker street. S 127:8«-i by E 15; $10.
Joseph D. .and Edith M. Orant to Helga If.
Bagge (wife x of William H.), lot on S lin« of
Twenty-first street, 254:6 "W of Church, TV 50:11
by S U4; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
George - Letterell and Henry A. -Fairy (own
ers), with Mrs. Mary Sullivan (contractor), ar
chitect D. Coffin— All work for a one-story and
basement frame cottage on lot 4, block 15.
Flint Tract; $1750.
Standard Electric Company of California
(owners), with Alfred W. Burrell (contractor,
by Henry H. Burrell, attorney, with Keating*
& Leonard, sub-contractors), architect Edward
R. Swain—All concrete work except expand«4
metal and main, floor for a concrete, steol. iron,
brick and wood buildinn on E lin« of Vermont
street, 150 N of Alameda. X 100. S 100. W 200,
P. N. 183: $4343.
Slgmund Strassburgtr (owner) with Mallory
& Swenson (contractors), architects Salfleld A
Kohlbergr— Carpenter and mill work, stair*.
Blazing, tinning-, slating and hardware for %
two-story basement and attic frame residence
on N line of Pacific averue. 189:9 W of Steiner
Street, W 33:8 by N 127:Sli; $10,440.
LONDON. Oct. H.-The Spectator to
morrow will print letters from Cavil
Rhodes and the late Francis Schnadhorst
(who from 1S85 to 1S92 was the chief or
ganizer and adviser of the Liberal party)
sustaining the sensational allegations
made some months ago that Rhodes in
1891 gave £5000 to the Liberal party on
condition that Gladstone would not bring
about the evacuation of Egypt by the
British troops. Both Sir "William Vernon
Harcourt and Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman (the Liberal leaders) have pub
licly declared this 10 be false.
In a letter covering this correspondence
Rhodes sums up as follows:
I met Mr. Schnadhorst in London and he
asked whether I was willing to subscribe to
thQ party funds. I said I was prepared to do
so providing the policy was not to scuttle out
of Kgypt and that in the event of a home rula
bill being: brought forward provision should
be made for the retention of the Irish, member*
at Westminster. I understood from Mr. Schnad
horst that he would consult Mr. Gladstone,
which quite satisfied me as I looked upon Mr.
Gladstone as the Liberal party. Mr. Schnad
horst accepted the contribution upon the con
ditions defined in the letter appended. •
In this letter Rhodes demanded that his
contribution be kept secret and that the
check be returned if the Irish were not
represented at Westminster. But he added
a postscript saying:
Light Shed on Controversy
About Egypt's Evacu
ation.
Interesting-Political Cor
respondence Now
Published.
RHODES TELLS
OF THE SECRET
TiaE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
13
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and.Unfarn.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st. '__
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms • and
offices; elevator; elec. light*; day, week, mo.
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Sunny rooms
to let. '
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
\u25a0 reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20: elevator on ground floor:
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. , \u25a0
SHERMAN Apartmfnt House, 28 Eighth -st..
I near Market— Furnished . or unfurnished. -
STEVENSON. 658, "near Seventh—Single and
double rooms; sun all day. \u25a0
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from %\
to $7 ; singles, $2 to $5 per week ; transient.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
. Valencia st. \u25a0 ' .' ..-\u25a0'' " j
~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; j reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board \u25a0 optional. . 4%)
Eddy at., near Leavenworth.
THE CECILERNE, 930 . Van Ness ave.
NICE, sunny corner, alcove room; hot and c^>ld
water; good board. 936 Valencia «t.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or S
rooms, bath ; board optional ; . single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
A BRANCH offlco for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. \u25a0 - '' - - \u25a0 ' \u25a0
ROOMS WASTED,
IN "Western Addition. 3 or 4 partly furnished
rooms are wanted by quiet couple who like
sun and dislike noise. D. A. E., box 943, Call.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms: light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st. Box
552. Call. .-\u25a0-\u25a0-.\u25a0
WANTED— 4 or 5 furnished rooms or cottage;
Western Addition; reasonable. Box 949. Call.
Itl'yTCRE SAXITARIUM. '
\u25a0 HUNTER^inRUPTURE SANITARIUM. 1203
Market; treatment free; $109 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL 3VOTIC1ES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections' made;
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
; sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kiuds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
' pairing; lowest rates. Tel: Black 1134, 203^4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold,' rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^ROIDOlFh Storage and Movlng~Co?7 '
I offlce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. &40 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. . ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
] pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
1 tel. Main 1310: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
! 6ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection 60.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. Jd-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DISSOLUTION O*\ PARTNERSHIP.
DISSOLUTION 51? COPARTN"ERSHIP^San
Francisco, Oct. 10. 1901 — Know all men by
these presents, ', that the flrm of A. W. PIKE
& CO., hitherto and now composed of A. W.
PIKE and CHAS. H. WOOD, Is hereby dis-
solved. The said CHAS. H. WOOD hereby
assumes all 'he -obligations of_-the-late . firm
and takes over all of the assets and from this
time on -will continue said business under the
former flrm name of A. W. PIKE & CO.
Witness our hands and seals the day and
year first above written.
A. W. PIKE.
CHAS. H. WOOD.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 9G (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchln-
son Sugar Plantation Co. ..will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market Et., on
and after Monday, October 21, 1301. Transfer
books close Monday, October 14, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. ni. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills bldg., San Fran-
cisco, October S, 1901— Dividend No. 493 of 4i
cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be pay-
able at the offlce of said company, room 16,
' eecond floor. Mills bldg., . on October 15,
1901. Transfer books will close on October
10. 1801, at 3 p.m.- \u25a0
EDWARD McGART. Secretary.
OFFICE ot Sierra, Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 177. Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.,- October 7, 1901— Coupon No. 9.
due October 12, 3901, from first mortgage 6
per cent bonds of ' Sierra Railway Company"
I of California, will be paid ot the fiscal agency
o£ this company, . the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank, on and after that date. -
S. D.* FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS, j
NOTICE of pledgees' sale— '1 o whom - It may
concern: Notice is hereby given that the un-
dersigned. EDWARD POLLITZ & CO., as
pledgees for value, ; will, through the chair-
man of the Stock and Bond Exchange, sell at
public auction" to the highest bidder for cash
in United States gold coin, on SATURDAY,
the 12th day of October, 1901. at 11 o"clock
a. m. Of that day, at the boardroom of said
Stock and Bond Exchange, room No. 62, In
the Merchants' Exchange building, on the
eouth side of California st., bttween San-,
some and Montgomery, in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, one
hundred (100) shares of the capital stock of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company, a
corporation, and one hundred (100) shares of
the capital stock of the Honokaa Sugar Com-
pany, a corporation. • Dated San Francisco,
Cal.. October 9, 190t EDWARD POLUTZ
& CO., pledgees. .
P ROPOSALS v -„-'„'"•
PROPOSALsTor Clothing and~Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce, 38 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal., October 8. 1901.—
Sealed prODOsals,' in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office' until 10 o'clock a. ni..
Thursday, October 24, -1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats Arctic Overshoes, Russet Shoes,
D. B. Cloth- 8. B. Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent increase, if desired, by .
this department. Bids will be opened for tne
delivery of the same articles at either the
San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phila-
delphia Depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine the
standard samples and specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted upon in the inspec-
tion ot the goods. -Unguaranteed bids, and
bld3 upon samples differing from standard
and specifications,' will under.no circum-
stances be' considered; proposals for. lets
quantity than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or inspection at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the rate
and time of delivery- should, contract be
awarded to them, and that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they can absolutely fulfill. The articles
advertised for ere the same for which bids
will be opened at the pther depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty -thereon >. and such prefer-
ence will be. given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the. consump-
tion required by the public \u25a0• service " there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept cr reject any or all; proposals or. any.
part thereof. Information and ' blanks .. for
proposals . will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing | proposals will be' in-
dorsed . "Proposals. No. - 9036."- and -.addressed
to^ Major C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, - U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. .\u25a0 .-«.\u25a0' , >
MABRIAGE LICENSES. ; "
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:' \u25a0 \u25a0 • . \, - .
John Craddock, 33, 217 Third street, arid
Elzenle Rundall, 22, 525 Franklin' street. , -
'. Lynn P. Selby, 31/ Falrhavern-' Wash., and
Addle 'CouKhlan, 28, Canada, . . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0: ' - -.
Sven P. Gudmundson, 34, Vallejo,' and Jenny
A.' Hanson, 28. Vallejo. .'.
August Ander, 30, 826 Hill street, and Amy
M. 'A: Wheeler, . 23, 606 O'Farrell street.
John -O. -Erwald. ; 33, . 600 Twentieth street.'
and CoraTeachout, -37, \u25a0 423 Third street.
MISCELLAXEOCS — FOR 5/ — Con.
•aTaTCKES. Jewelry rep. and made; cash pd.
v 'or cold silver and precious stones. 14 MeAl-
ilrter Et'.. ream 16. WM. MUND.
ALMOST new sealskin coat for sale: $95.\Apply
NEW MUNICIPAL. LOAN OFFICE. 617
Washington st.
BROKEN pcinter bitch. $30; <ft>g, $55: pup S
months oM $*; will accept part merchandise
In pay; what have you? Box 907. Call office.
JD-HAND machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
dynamos bought, sold and exchanged. K. S.
WHITE, 51£ Mission sU
KAXD tenoning machine end band shaper
suitable for carpenter shop; also Xo. 2
Hooker steam pump. S<3 Howard eL
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enptnes and
boilerfc bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
f-17 Stever.Eon Et.. near First.
ZS01 RAIvfBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and others; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
FINE suits, $18; dress pants, $2 75. . MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st.
A— JS 50 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
!ar Price Hatters. 530 Kearny sU. near Pine.
A COMPLETE df.ntal outfit for sale; reason-
aJfle; issly at once. 4S3 Eddy st.
pro CM HARD oM bricks. OJd reservoir. Market
ft . cr apply at £i Silver et-, off Third.
C^H reriMT <Hall-troo<5); brand new; $55; re-
action. H. T. ALLEK, 202 California st.
BI<> price* paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
eco suits. Portland Loan Offlce, 23 Stockton.
KINE <iozen heslthy common pallets; 6 months;
-g farm raised. 17T7 Broadway, Alameda.
LARGE vault front: also larpe fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO., 42 Main st.
KEADQUAUTERS for trunks, bass and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellla et.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON*.
JEWELRY for stle and made to order. T.
FERSHTAXP, 126 Keaimv 6 t.. room 29.
UAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movlnc plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission si
SAFES— New and eeccr.d band. THE HER-
MAN SAFE <XX, il'-iZi Sacramento st.
EAR outfits, Ehovrcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, S21 Mission st.
EXGIXC? am2 boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 13 Baalt st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-toa hay scale; jeweler's steel-
Itofld g.-.fe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELlAXEOtS AVAATS.
TTaNTED— <rooi delivery Tragan; stata pric*.
Aciress 1TT3 Polk tt.
M" ANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market St.
TTLTON wcrts good second-btnd clothing: and
th«alr:cfJ g-oods. 154 9th st.: teL Kolsom 2322.
MOXEV TO jLOAA.
<390.0C8 at 6 p*r cent in eums to suit. City and
Oakltnd, town ana country property; eecond
ir.ortjraf-es, life insurance & securities^ Loans
J or unsettled estates, undivided interests la
. real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any cf above securities. TeL Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO^ Tth floor, Crocker bldg.
AMOUNT AT 6 PER CEXT.
First, second and third mortgages
Vndiviiied Interest in real estate in probate..
licrtgr^pes end legacies bought; no delay
Get rcy terms btfere doing business elsewhere
k R. McCOLGAN I
Zt Montgomery st., rooni 3
ANT proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
•econi ar.a third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
lntereris. securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
ti.OOC'.OOO tt 6% or lese in large sums; loans
on s-ecor.d mortgages, estates, etc; financial
problems of all sorts and tizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
_eee HERMAN 3JCRPHY. C03 Examiner bldg.
ANT proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
, tel iriortg-ages, etc D. J. HALLORAN. i
Adarss buUtfir.g, 206 Kearny gt., room 314. j
RELIABLE Borporattoa. established 1SG5. proper i
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelrv !
pianos ajid sealskins at iowest rate of Interest' j
* Grant ave_. near Market st,; teL Black 5471, \
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain I
liberal advances en diamonds, jewelry at low- I
e£i rates. Rald-wirs Je-weirv Store S4S Market I
ft-; tel. Main 164*. Branch IS Third st.
: • j
MTNICTPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near i
fc Geary sL; pbece Red ICOl
OX reaJ ertat*. 1st cr Ind mortgages and on fur- j
c!ture cr pianos without removal; anv amount- '
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery. !
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- j
out indorser or on mortgage* at 6 per cent per
\u25a0Lcnurs. IIORTLELL. 605 Examiner building. !
LfOlVnST rates 02 furniture, etc., by private ;
party; co removal; no commission; conflden- |
tla'- Room I. Cocservatcry blig., SOI Jones, j
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: money i
lowest interest; easy terms; no broker- |
ege; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S. 1
LOANS ca piancs. furniture without removal, j
libraries, goods In warehouse, etc.; anr arm. ; '
lowest rates; priv. Onnsbr, 26 Montg., office 7. !
ON -SALARIES -without indorser; other prcpo- ]
elUoas. S. F. Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan b. |
MONEY loaned Eai&rled pecple ivitho'.it secur- '
lty. KilL r. U. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California. \u25a0
OX fui nirure. pianos; lotvestf rate; no removal; j
rtrtcUy private. LICK. 116 McAllister et.
ONE per ctnt on furniture; $5 a month oa each j
(1000; any security. SC2 Montgomery Et.. r-' L j
IJO.000 OX good security ana city realty below j
rmnk rate; no agents. Address box 5&6, Call.
IF you •want, a horse I -rrill lean you money to
b-uy it. A. E. RCDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOCELET Company; loans and dis- J
counts. £21 Parrott building. I
LOANS mor.ey on salary, no Indorser; Eaftern '
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg. j
MOXEY AVAXTEU. >
WANTED— Several small loans for building
purposes. Apply rcom 23, Nevada block.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
bcth rew and second hand. Is the largest
weit of Chicago ar.d includes the moct re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos |
eold upon easy payments of J6 per month;
some good planes for $3. fi and $3 p?r month. I
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway, dealers,
corner Kearny and gutter sts., San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth et,
Oakland.
.A. GOOD plan, if you want to buy a. piano, is
to come to us and let us show how a really
pood Instrument can be sold at a low price,
and payments made by the month, if you
don't want to pay cash. We make a specialty
cf the l>eck*r & Fon and Baumeister.
The ZE.VO ilAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. i
763 Market tt.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS-
Eecond-hand uprirht pianos from $oS up.
Second-hand square pianos from tZO up.
Second-hand organs from £25 up; new up-
right pianos frcm J3T5 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Ma-
ten and H&mlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
/NT piano cold by us taken back any timt
vrithin 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed in a new peerless Knahe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO
O'Farrell Et. ; established 1850.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
eole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, Including Hallet-Davls; greet bar-
pain list,. SCO up; Etelnway. Jis5 up; Fischer,
S100; CliiekerinB. {165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
grtat inducements to agents. 237 Oeary St.
~^f. SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
<W case, Kuabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardinan efjuare. $45; organs, I2i
up. BOWERS & SOX. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& PON'P and A. B. CAMERON'. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
piar:os in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory r>rlc«rE; second-hand pianos for a. sons.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 170C Market Et.
PIAXOS-rThe most modern and up-to-date;
£t»<k, Everett, Cenover, Packard. Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiiey B. Allen Co.. 933 Market tt.,
R. F. : (Branch Store, 8ol Broadway, Oakland).
"WILL pay cafh for your old sealskins,
drcss at ence. box £7, Call offlce. ,
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party -who will try to sell it. R. 36, 217 Geary.
JT5— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly rew, ?S3. 217 Geary et.
A PIANO, pianola, and music on sale; cost 1000;
TJOW-J300; perty going: away. 127 Geary et.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
• MULLEII, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BO— WE1IER piano; cost $450; for sale on fZ
installments. 1209 Gougii St., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
sacrifice ; r-arty leaving. 4C8 Golden Gate ave.
SOHMER. Ryron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
• Spleimann pianos. 20S Post Et.
jjr,ft PIANO, nearly new. for V2Z»; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. S Flood bldg.
GOOD nwind-hand upright for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister et. .
.BIUSICAIj INSTRUMENTS-— Con. .
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $126;
Steinway, $165. 217 Geary sU. room S6.
$30— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay'a Piano Factory, 1723 Mission st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. 216 McAllister.
AT « KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st., near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 203 Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, tS per
mo. SCOTT-CURTA2 PlanA Co.. S60 Hayes.
AXX> STORES TO LET.
TO LeaEtjr-3 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 fe«t;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. BOO Mission st. \u25a0
___^ OIL. .
"WANTED— To buy twenty to forty acres, with
producing well, in Kern County. J. E.
KERB, room 7, first floor Mills bldg. •
: -
OIL tanks, second-hand. In rood order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
~ PALMISTRY^
H. JE^O^i^F^ELL£r^SenTm^^a^lstr515
Taylor sL. bet. Goary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PAIAlt.it> AMI UhtuU.VruK!l.
JTcTSollA^N^r^GTGra^eTrp^onTpoTk^^
best quality work; lowest' prices; get figures.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $400 capital to engage
in sea-fishing business; good proposition. Ap-
ply 72S^ Stevenson st.
PARTNER wanted; gent, or lady; some means;
going candy business In city. Box 871. Call.
" PBRSOXALS.
INDIAN ba sit els, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought, nat Raphael;, us Geary
St.. largest curio store in America; visitors
•welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
IF ALBERT J. WRIGHT, whose mother's
maiden ztacse was W1LB1TR, will call or
address DR. W. D. HUNTINGTON. Central
Bank building, Oakland, Cal.. he will learn
something of interest to himself.
AX elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, $1 weridy. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of P!nns will cur^ any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$3 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Talencla. St.. S. F.; teL Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— 'Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
. 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus- and baggag* to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
\u25a0without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 353S
Eighteenth st.*, corner Guerrero.
G. LEDERER'S hair dresslns^elways the best;
25a all styles: shampooing. 50c; good switches,
SI. G. LEPERKR, 123 Stockton st. .
T«'HITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
ADELIXA PATTrS Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c, postpaid: free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon- Ton, S24 Po3t.
MoCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bids., rooms 323-324. S. F.: teL South S81.
AT cash prices; ladies' «~V!or-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed haii>, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth eU
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. E. RAT, 457 Minna st.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'FarTell; send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for S5<? per pair and up.
1277 Myslon street; phone Folsom 232S.
STOP^hat "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
j country orders. GOLPSTEIX&CO..733 Market.
' bCO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
i NEUHACS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny st.
! TAILOR-MADE Pults, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
| ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
' SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON'. 1119 Satter, St.
OBESITY curedmo <3iet!ns; no \u25a0weakening-. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 750 Valencia St., fcet, l!th & l'Jth.
DR. LASIOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists. ' ;
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; reetores gTay
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
ASD TUBJTI5G MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planlnpr. Shaping
and Sawlne. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIAXS AXD~~SURGEONS.
, DrTc. cT^DONNELL-Orfice and residence. .
I 1021li Market tt.. between Slsth and Seventh.
| DR. 1VOXG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
; treats ell diseases of the human body: eaa
i testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. EUls.
I A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay ft.: »ef testimonials at office.
j REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
i REAL~TESTAT~E~FOR IuCeT^
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents,
5 Montgomery st.
Fine large house of 14 rooms, suitable for
doctor's offlce and residence; near Polk st.
i and close to cars; convenient to best residence
j district in the diy; price 514,000.
Fine honw on Broadway, west of Fillmore st. ;
j comparatively new; plenty of sun and fine
i view; first-class neighborhood.
1 27:6x85 on a fine corner in the Western Ad-
j dltion. with two good frame buildings, store
and flat and residence; rents $129 a month.
Three building lots for first-class flats on
Devisadero et. ; very reasonable; particulars at
office. - .. . .
Downtown investment for $50,900. • A corner
on a very progressive street; substantial im-
provements.
! A large corner one one of the growing streets
! below Market. -- J \u25a0
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents,
5 Montgomery st.
A — DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the income; location In the Mission or
. Western Addition; property must be in good
condition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN,
120 California st.
11ODERM built residence, wanted to purchase;
in the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property on Valencia.
Mission or Howard sts. W. J. GUNN, 530
California St..
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for immediate buyers. . TV'.
. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
$4500— A LOVELY chance for a home and
business; lot 23x100: building. 2 stories, 23x70;
saloon and barber ehop; all fixtures go; 6 liv-
ing rooms. F. J. DECK. 927 Market St.,
room 208.
A BARGAIX — 2 new cottages for sale; 25x40;
lot 5x140: 4 room*; large pantry and bath;
hot and cold water; electric bells; worth over
$2000; price J2000. For particulars address
box 950, Call.
$50,000 TO invest in Income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
- THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
702 Market st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. Mt?ORE. 63 Portola st.
J3C00— NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x100. Call
after 2 p. m., 461 Douglass st., near 21st.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, five rooms,
bath; terms same as rent. 8252 Mission st.
WELL-BIULT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.*
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
SANTA Clara Valley— Rich, fertile land; depot
en the ranch: famous orchard and vineyard
Boil; great live oaks; reduced to $100 an acre;
JH 14 monthly will buy 10 acres on new coast
reed; a colony of good people farming; some
good bargains in email homes and choice
orchards near San Jose; don't let this go by-
call or write. WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market St.. and San Jose.
SAN Mateo— A snap at Redwood City adjoin-
ing town; large oaks; fertile land; one-
third price; 20 acres or more; call or write
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
C34 Market 6t., or San. Jose.
CONTRA Costa County— 145 acres; good farm-
ing land; orchard; vineyard; fair improve-
ments; plenty of spring water: only $4000.
BELS1ONT — Good improvements; Ideal
cummer home; $2200. WOOSTER, WHIT-
TON & MONTGOMERY, 634 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy. sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 713 Mrket St., S. F.. office near Call big.
$12,500 — ONH of the best offerings* ever made;
£40 acres of rich land; a modern house; hot
and cold water; over SO-acrea in apples ana
apricots; 6 head horses; wagon, buggy and,
carriage horses, chickens, cows and all house-
hold furniture; only 6 miles out and one mile
from railroad station; only % cash; balance
long time. R. P. QUINN, real estate, Wat-
Konville» Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre,' on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming-. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information. \u25a0 . . .
JS500— 20 ACRES rich land; all in new town and
bellflower apples; neat cottage and large barn;
only S miles out and In one of the best locali-
ties in the valley; easy terms. R. P. QUINN,
real estate, Watsonvllle, Cal., or ' room £5,
Chronicle building. t \u25a0\u25a0•'
FOR bargains In timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. Set
- The Phelps Lewla Co.. 7M Market st.
1200 ACRES In the foothills; fences; 4 barns;
substantial residence: so acres in fruit. GEO.
W. QIBB3 & CO.. 85 and 3T Fremont st.
U. S. HOMESTEAD lands free. Ad. with stamp
or call 6 to 7 p. m. at 1563 7th st. t Oakland.
$2500— IMPRO\ r ED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Bos 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
$2400— NEW cottage, 5 rooms; choice location;
$500 cash; SO-ft. lot. tlKOr-Good cottage, 4
rooms and basement. $2100— Cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; lot 50x117. $3500— New house. S
rms.; lot 30x200; $500 cash. Lot 50x150, $500; $200
cash. Lot 33x120. $500; 30x125, $500. If you want
to buy or build see J.H. Young. 1243 Park st
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
j acquired by foreclosure; cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— In Alameda; pleasant suite of
rooms and first class board for a lady whose
husband Is away a greater part of the time;
in private family where there are ; no other
boarders preferred; references exchanged. Ad-
dress box 955, Call office. .
NED YET EV jUHrEDTTCEPflVTC
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
3-ROOM house on large lot, near station;
fruit trees, windmill and tack; only $900;
easy terms.
We are just . finishing a new up-to-date.
. cottage of S rooms and bath on a, good lot,
near station: price $15C0; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
HOME- REALTY CO.,
Take Berkeley train, get o.t at Lorln Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JS500 PROPERTY FOR $2600. * ' "" "
Lot £0x140; sunny and convenient to cars.
schools, etc; almost new and in first-class
order; S rooms and bath; owner has left
Oakland en account of sickness and must
sell; this is a bargain and must be seen to
be appreciated 1 .
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J3000— COST of house only; lot given away.
A brand-new 7-room house; cement base-
ment; large lot; driveway; three blocks to
local train; house opposite cost $16,000;
charming neighborhood; terms easy; an ideal
home; street work complete; first come, first
serve. J. S. MYERS & CO..
IOC! Brcadv/ay, Oakland.
$3250 — TWO-STORY 7-room house; worth to
duplicate $4000; Its architectural design and
.finish are cf very latest and best in every de-
tail; can not be appreciated as to price, lo-
cation and style without belns seen.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— AN IDEAL 6-R00M COTTAGE
On a sightly elevation on Vernon Heights ad-
joining Senator Perkins; it is a beauty; must
be sold; I6t 50 feet trontase; everything in
perfect order; in fact almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first serve.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— A BANK SALE— $2500.
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern Colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation,
etc., rvith folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
': lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and a^l street improve-
ments; insured for $2000 and all in fine condi-
tion: electric cars In front and only a few
blocks from Adeline street station; location
very desirable; handy to schools and churches;
liberal discount for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
- 100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'ItMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;'
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, ?5 and up.
GEARY, 1812% — 3 comfortably furnished rooms
for housekeeping; no children; rent $15.
GEARY, 1225— Large elegant bay-window, fur-
nished or not; other rooms; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Sunny front room;
separate kitchen; $1L • •
GOUGH, 117 — Sunny modern bay-window par-
lors; gas range, phone, bath, gas; $14. to. $20.
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny:
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping:.
HOWARD, 106J— 2 sunny connecting furnished
housekeeping rooms; running water; electric
light. ! \u25a0
LARKIN. S14A— Sunny, front housekeeping
room.
LARKIN, 819Vi— Sunny front alcove rooms; light
housekeeping; gas stove; bath; $16 50; phone.
MCALLISTER. 220— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished; x-ery central.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
THREE rooms; singly or for housekeeping;
fur. "or unfur.; refs. exchanged. Box 806. Call.
TO LET — Desirable furnished suite; housekeep-
ing; references required. 847 Golden Gate ave.
VAN NESS ave., 415— Sunny furnished rooms
for housekeepins or otherwise. \u25a0
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FiUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Kt.
ROOMS TO LET — Purn. and Unfurn.
ALABAMA, 923— A nice sunny room; oce or two
gentlemen. \u25a0 '
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take Me All's ter-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. «
AT Sffasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 26c to 76c, $1 to $3 week.
A.NICE sunny suite; also single rooms;. neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. -1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.-
CITY HALL ave., 83— Clean, quiet rooms; also
parlor suite for offices; reasonable. , .
CLAY, 1443— One or more rooms;. well furnished,
modern. flat; desirable locality;. private family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. '
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
"ELLIS, 606 — Nice eunny rooms; suitable for one
or two jrentlemen. \u25a0 . \- • .
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and slnele; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1208— Fine sunny base-
ment room, furnished or unfurnished ; grate.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; 6peclal rates by thn
week or month; best in the city; references; i
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et. ' .
HOWARD 1018—1 large sunny front room with
gas, use of kitchen If Wanted; also a small
back room; cheap. '..;;\u25a0
JONES, 923— Elegant sunny roomg; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, t one door above Van
; Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MISSION. S25 J ,i— Nicely furnished . sunny bay.
. window front rooms; gas;, grate; lower flat.
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms to let,:$l $1 25
$150 per week; housekeeping, $2 DO 'per. week!
£hanahan Florist* Co.
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable ,\
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLIS 23? 5056
BIRTHS— HARRI&GES-DEATHSL
Birth,, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
\u25a0ons authorized to have the same published.
: BORN. .
GOLDBERG-«In this city, October 9, 1901. to
the wife of Charles N. Goldberg, a son.
JACKSON— In this city. October 10, 1901. to
the wife of Ernest" W. Jackson, a daughter.
OLSEN— In this city, September 30, 1901, to the.
wife of Captain Svend-Olsen, a son.-
i HLAB.B.IED.
HOLMES— RUIZ— In this city. October 1<X 1901,
by "the Rev: Herbert F. Brlggs, . pastor ot
Central M. E. Church, Albert F. Holmes and
Llna -R. Ruiz, both of San Francisco.
DIED. >
Adams, WUHam Marshall; "Wm. A.
Cabrera, Richard J. Merle, John V. : "
Demartini, Millie Orengo, Beniamino -
Eis, Hildesrard Parker, William H.
Hess. Mathilde . Reincke, Fred L. : ,
Hitchcock, Edward Reynolds, Rachel A.
Kohl Meyer, Chas. F.. Rohllng, John H. '-
Landresse, Clerq de, Sharpe. Iva G.
Henri; Jr. Soldane, Annie i
Lc-nnon,: John W. - Thai sing, Edward' .
Litiler, George A. - Tresarrieu, Idalie H.
McDonald. Bernard
ADAMS— In this city, October 10, 1901, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Ettie Adams,
and father of -William" Adams Jr.. a native
of Plymouth. England, aged 64 year3 and 4
days. . - '
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from hia late
residence, 2417 California street. Interment
private, . Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
- omit flowers. ,
CABRERA-In this city, October 11, 1901, Rich-
ard -J., only and beloved son of Francis and
Marion Cabrera, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 12 days. - » •
DEMARTINI-In this city, October 9. 1901.
Millie Demartini, dearly beloved daughter of
Mrs. Mary Perazzl and of the late Joseph
•Demartini. ' sister of Adelaide and Alfred
Demartini. and stepdaughter of Victor Pe-
razzl; a native of San Francisco, aged \u25a0 11
years 4 months and 1 day.
E?"FTiend3 and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 23 l-anders street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, Dolores and Church.
Interment New Italian Cemetery. .
EIS— In this city, October 9, 1901, Hlldegard
Eie, beloved wife of Martin Els, mother, of
\u25a0 Florence and Walter. Els, and daughter of
Edward and >. Bertha Leeders, a native of
Breslau,"-- Germany,- aged 26 'years 4 months
and 21 dayfl. ' \u25a0 . . .
' " (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-ntorrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Peterson. 228 McAllister .street. In-
terment Mount'- Olivet Cemetery.
HESS— In thi3 city, October 10, 1901, Mathilde,
beloved wife of the late Charles Hess, and
mother of William E., Charles Jr., Otto and
Frank \u25a0 Hess, a native ot Hanover, Germany,
agec! 70 years 5 months and 10 days. \u25a0.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to at.tend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1312 California street, between
.Hyde and Leavenworth. Interment private,
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HITCHCOCK— In Hilo. Hawaii, September 29,
. 1901, Edward Northrun Hitchcock, son of the
late .Judge K. G. Hitchcock, husband of
Clare Fassett Hltehcock, and father of Hild-
reth Castle Hitchcock, aged 31 years and 3
months. \ \u25a0 "»
KOHL MEYER— In East Oakland. October
10, 1901, Charles F., husband of Johanna O.
Kohl Meyer, father of -Henry A. and Charles
F. W. Kohl Meyer, and son of Johanna Kohl
Meyer of Norwalk, Ohio, a native or Nor-
walk. Ohio, aged 38 years. (Prince Edward
Island, Norwalk. Ohio, and Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services I
Monday, October J4, at 2. o'clock.- at -his late i
residence. 980 East Twenty-eighth street, be- •
\u25a0 tween Nineteenth and Twenty-first avenues. !
East, Oakland. - Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. '
LANDRESSE, CLERC DE-In this city. Octo-
ber 9. l&Ql, Henri Jr., beloved husband of
Therese Clerc de Landresse. father of
Charles. Clarence, Emll, Henri and Anita
Clerc de Landresse,- son of Henri Clerc de
Landresse, and brother of Charles P., Louis
M. and Adsle ' M. Clerc de Landresse, a na-
tive of California, aged 40 years 7 months
\u25a0 and 15 days. (French papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and accualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock/from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Miss.jn street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth streets, thence to
St. Peter's Church. Twenty- fourth and. Ala-
bama mtreets, for services at 2 o'clock. In-
I terment Holy. Cross Cemetery, j
LENNON— In the City and County Hospital,
October 9. 1S01, John W. Lennon, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 61 years.
; LITTLER— In this city, October 11, 1901, George
I A.. Littler, beloved husband of Blanche H.
! Littler, and father of Leontlne A. Littler,- a
native of Liverpool, England, aged 32 years
11 months*' and 12 - days.
' IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
: Interment- private. Please omit flowers.
McDONALD— In Oakland. October 10, 1901,
Bernard A., beloved brother of Joseph B.,
Martin and John of California. James T.
T.-and Josenh A. McDonald and Mrs. Mar-
garet Hanning of Prince Edward Island, a
native of . Prince Edward Island, aged 37
years 4 months and 21 days.
CT 1 Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James L. McCarthy, 12 San Pablo
avenue, thence to . St. Francis de Sales
Church. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. >
MARSHALL— In this city, October 10, 1901.
Willlem A., beloved husband of the late Mary
F. Marshall, and father of Edward L. Mar-
shall and Mrs.': Ethel L. Tbornhill, 'a native
of Nashville, Tenn., aged 69 years 4 months
and 28 days.
' IC^Friends and acauaintances are resoect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -1328 Jessie Btreet, between West Mis-
sion and Hermann. Interment private. Mount
! Olivet Ceroetcry.
MERLE — In Haywards. October 10, 1901, John
V. Merle, beloved husband of Stephanie
Merle, son of Mareuerlte V. Merle, and
brother of L. \u25a0 V. and Frank 'V. Merle, a na-
tive of New Orleans, asreil 51 years 2 months
and 7 days. " • -
|E?"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
.Church of Notre Dame dea Vlctoires. 62(5
Bush street, where a solemn reaulem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
siul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private.' Please omit flowers.
ORENGO— In this city. October II, 1901, Benia-
mino Orengo. beloved father of Vlrgilio, Flo-
renzo, Beniamino and Teotlsta Orengo, a na-
tive of Villa Franca, Italy, a«ed G6 years 6
months and 14 days. (Woodland papers please
copy.)
ETTrlends r.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, frojn hi» lats resi-
dence, HlOVi Filbert street, between Leaven-
worth and Hyde, thence to New. Italian
Cemetery, San Mateo County. ,
PARKER— in this city,- October 9, - 1901* \u25a0 Wil-
liam Henry Parker, husband' of Margaret
Parker, and father of William J. and Mary A.
Parker.- a native of /England, aged €5 years.
• (c^Frlends and- acauaintances arsarespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
• J. S. Godeau,' 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to St. -Dominic's Church, " Bush and Steiner
streets, where . services will be held. Inter-
-' ment.- Holy Cross Cemetery.
REINCKE— In this city." October 11, 1901. Fred
L. Reincke, dearly beloved husband of Julia
Reincke, beloved son of H. H. and Mary Ed-
mondson, and dear brother of Lucle M.
Reincke. a. native of Alameda, Cal., aged
- **1 "ears. \u25a0 \u25a0 - * -'- - - -
(CTRemains at his late residence, 551 Lom-
bard street.
REYNOLDS— In this city, October 10, 1901,
1 Rachel Ann. widow of the late JudSe Sam-
uel F. .Reynolds, and mother of Charles F.
and Mary E. Reynolds and the late Leonard
and Benjamin A. Reynolds, a native of New
York, aged $1 years 6 months and 22 days.
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully 'nvlted to - attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at St.
: Luke's Church," corner "Van Ness avenue and
Clay street. Interment private.
ROHLING— In this city. October 11, 1801, at
his residence, 311- Laidley street, between
Noe and Caatro. John Henry Tlohlinsr. be-
loved husband. of the late Anna Maria Rohl-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
- (Successor to. Flannagan & Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite 'Lincoln School.
\u25a0• Telephone South 80. : .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
Ran Mateo County. ' \u25a0
. OFFICE ©16 MARKET STREET.
- • § * 3. HENDERSON. Manager.
\u25a0 NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
K«musi HcFadden, . IS years manager (or
the ' United Undertakers* Association ; M. J
McBrearty.' with the Earns company for 10
years; P. F.Greon, late' with J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. T«lepbon« South 44. -
CREMATION-
The Odd Feljows' \u25a0 Cemetery Association
; Point Lobos ave.. 6. F., Cal. ;
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August. 1901.
does not 1 refer to CREMATION. Neither doss
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing, less harmful to . the living than the
ashes of their dead. \u25a0
\u25a0•- Permits to • cremate \u25a0 will b« Issued \u25a0 by the
Board of Health .the same as heretofore. \u25a0 .
i GEORGE R. : FLETCHER. Manager.
ingr, and "beloved father of Henry and Frank
Hohling and Mrs. - Frank Hartmann, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 85 years
; and 7 months. . " . i
SHARPE— In Oakland. October 10. 1901. at 835&
' Market street, Iva Goldle Sharpe. beloved and
only daushter of Mrs. M. L. Sharpe, aged.
18 years and 3 months.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SOLDANE— In this city, October 11, 1901, An-
nie Soldane, beloved daughter of Thomas
and Rose' McGurk/ a native of San Fran-
cisco.
THARSING— In Oakland, at 1330 Khkham
• street, October 9, 1901, • Edward, beloved hus-
band of KJarste Tharslng. father of Lilian
Tharslng, and brother of Mrs. Fred Dahl
of -Elmhurst, Mrs. Knight of Stockton and
Chris M. Tharslng of Shasta County, a mem-
ber of Oakland Lodge No.- 118. I. O. O. F..
and Oak Leaf Lodge. A. O. IT. W., a na-
\u25a0 ' tive - of . Denmark. . aged .:.5S _• years . and • lt>
months. .
E7" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
residence of J&mes Taylor. 1211 Clay street.
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
TRESARRIEU-In thi3 city. October 11, 1901.
\u25a0 Idalie H- Tresarrleu, beloved wife of J. B.
Tresarrleu, mother of Mrs. J. Larraburn and
Miss Louise V. Tresarrieu, • and sister of
Mrs. J. Fabre. a native of France, aged 43
" years. \u25a0 ' ' -
E7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock from her late rest-
dence, 119 Duncan street. \u25a0 -OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF
ASSOCIATION WHO: ARE STRIV
ING TO PROMOTE CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRIES.
THE Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association of ; California has
taken a step which Is calculated
to advance materially the inter
ests of California. After due de
liberation the officers and directors of the
association have decided to appeal to the
Xatlve Sons'and Daughters of the Golden
West to appoint committees to consider
all matters relating to the industrial wel
fare of California and to take in hand
communications from the Manufacturers
and Producers' Association and report to
the parlors, when necessary, such special
action as may be recommended. In a let
ter which was sent out yesterday the pur
pose of this movement is explained by
Charles E. Bancroft, secretary and man
ager of the association.
"The object of these suggestions," 30
reads the communication to the Native
Sons and Daughters, "is to place your
parlor and this association in close and
friendly relations in order that, with a
common sentiment and purpose existing,
questions affecting the industries of the
State may be considered and acted upon
intelligently and co-operatively as such
questions arise."
Every narlor of the Native' Sons and
Daughters is, in pursuance of this public
spirited idea, requested to signify readi
ness to co-operate with the association *n
measures for the benefit of the State as a
general principle, the parlors remaining
ers' and Producers' Association are the
following: President, A. -Sbarboro; vice
presidents, J. P. Currier, L. R. Mead,
Charles R. Allen; secretary, and manager,
Charles E. Bancroft; directors, Charles R.
Allen, \V. F. Bowers, J. P. Ctirrler, W. J.
Casey, Edward Everett, M. J. Fontana,
L. H. Mead, P. McBean, A. C. Rulofson
and A. Sbarboro. '
Joe Tobln and Gavin McXab. See cartoon
In to-day's "Wasp. •
\u25a0 j \u25a0 \u2666 « : — \u25a0
Some people seem to think they are be
stowing a favor every time they smile.
Sued for Livery Charges.
A suit has been filed in the Justice's
Court by Thomas Kelly, Edward Kelly
and Frank Kelly, doing business under the
firm name of Kelly Brothers, livery stable
keepers, against "William O'Connor, son of
the late Con O'Connor, to recover $43.
The complaint alleges that O'Connor is
indebted to the firm in the sum named
for rent and hire of horses and buggies.
The Pennsylvania Limited.
In writing from New York an official of
one of. the prominent English railways,
who rode on the Pennsylvania limited,
says: "I had a most pleasant journey
from Chicago to New York. Your train
far surpasses anything we aspire to in
England."
The famous Pennsylvania limited de
parts from Chicago union station every
day at 5:30 p. m. on its twenty-four-hour
run to New York. Special information
regarding the superior transportation fa
cilities ' offered by the Pennsylvania short
lines can be obtained by addressing A. S.
J. Holt, Pacific Coast Agent, 30 Montgom
ery Street, San Francisco. •
The Jury Returns a Verdict After
Being Out Only Seven .
Minutes.
The second trial of Mrs. Aggie Kelly on
a charge of abducting Sophie Finegold,
16 years of age, for the purpose of placing
her in a house of ill-repute in Eureka, was
concluded in Judge Lawlor's Court yester
day afternoon, when the jury, after seven
minutes' deliberation, returned a" verdict
of guilty. Mrs. Kelly will be sentenced
to-day. The conviction is said to be the
first of the kind in the State.
Judge Lawlor ordered Sophie Finegold
Into custody so that she may be sent to
a reform school. The girl lived at 111S
Bryant street and Mrs. Kelly was a near
neighbor.
AGGIE KELLY CONVICTED
OF ABDUCTING A GIHL
Elects Six Persons Prominent in the
Work of Floriculture to Honor
ary Membership.
The State Floral Society held its regu
lar monthly meeting yesterday afternoon
at 223 Butter street, President Emery E.
Smith presiding. Professor Wickson, the
honorary vice president, delivered an In
teresting address on "Soils." The board
of directors at a recent meeting decided
that to be complete In Its organization the
society should have an official botanist
and an official poet. Miss Alice Eastwood
was elected botanist and Mrs. Grace Hlb
bard official poet.
The society has decided to honor cer
tain people In the State prominent for
their work on behalf of floriculture and
yecterday elected to honorary membership
John Muir, Paul de Longfore. Ina Cool
brith, Luther Burbank. Mrs. Grace Hib
bard and Professor Vomey Rattan.
STATE FLOBAIi SOCEETY
HONORS CAU3X>EWIANS
Tiie Commercial Organizations of San
Fraacisco Succeed in Securing
Favorable Terms.
The finally revised customs tariff for the
Philippines has just been promulgated by
the War Department. Itg provisions go
into effect November 15. The duties which
have been determined upon are nearly 50
per cent lees on the average than those
first proposed.
The credit for Uw enormous reduction
is due in a great measure to the efforts
of the Manufacturers* and Producers' As
sociation and the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco. The organizations have
been maJring a careful examination of the
effects which might be produced on Cali
fornia br low tariff and strong represen
tations have been made to the "War De
partment and to the tariff representatives
Schuster and Conant. who passed through
this city last August on their way to the
Far Bast.
The prodnctB of California which will be
affected most favorably by the new law
axe floor, canned fruits, canned salmon
and gasoline.
WAS DEPAXLTMENT FIXES
THE NEW TARIFF BATES
free to determine what matters they will
act upon. It is also asked that each par
lor shall appoint a committee on home
industries, whose "duty it shall be to con
sider all matters relating to the indus
trial welfare of the State, to consider
communications from this association and
to report to the parlor when necessary as
to any special action recommended by .the
committee for the parlor to take."-
Enlisting an Army. '
This plan is expected to enlist more ac
tively and with more . direct purpose an
army of no inconsiderable size of -those
who, more than any one else, are con
cerned in the future of thfe State, namely,
the na.tl\'es of the soil. There are 146 par
lors of -Native Sons, with a membership
of about 12,000, and eighty-five parlors of
Native Daughters, which have about 4000
enrolled members.
The Grand Parlor of the Native Sons at
its session In April last adopted resolu
tions recommending to the subordinate
parlors throughout the State that they
give their serious consideration at all
times to the best • means to encourage
home Industries and that they lend their
intelligent effort to that end without dis
crimination as to individuals,
firms or corporations. . \u25a0 I
The following earnest words are includ
ed in the letter to the parlors, asking
them to act in their individual capacity as
parlors:
The Manufacturers' and - Producers' Associa
tion of California submits ' further that in no
manner can. our citizens - and all those giving
their first allegiance to the best interests of
this BUte better serve the welfare of the
State and of its people than by aiding in all
reasonable ways in supporting, encouraging
and upbuilding its manufacturing and produc
ing Industries. It" Is upon- these, material in
dustries that the employment and prosperity
of our people, the growth of our population
aad the future greatness of the State . depend
more than upon all else.
Our climate and our soil give our State the
greatest natural producing capability, and
with the vast and economical power-producing
energy now to be supplied by our oil and by
electricity generated by our mountain water
supply, and with constantly increasing mar
kets opening to us, only the patriotic co-opera
tion of our people is required to cause our
State to stand in the front rank of the com
munities of the world in output of natural and
manufactured products and to bring to the
State the Innumerable benefits thereby result
ing.
It Is not to be questioned that the eentiment
and the natural intelligence of our people favor
the support and development of our home in
dustries. It le, moreover, evident that the In
dustrial conditions existing in this State and
George "W. Rice, a non-union machinist
employed by the Golden State Foundry,
was fatally shot at the corner of Twen
tieth and Howard streets last evening by
one of three men who followed him from
his place of work. William Buckley, who
is said to have been one of the trio, was
arrested and taken to the Seventeenth
street police station.
The assault on Rice was one of the bold
est that has come to the notice of the po
lice for some time. Rice was followed by
his assailants frdm First street. They
boarded the car with him and when he
alighted at the crossing of Twentieth
6treet they wielded both pistol and club.
A club loaded with lead was first used;
then three shots were -fired into the un
fortunate machinist's body as he fell to
the ground.
Some weeks ago Rice was attacked on
Fourth street, near Market. A crowd
gathered about him and, being unable to
defend himself with his fists, he drew a
revolver and fired several shots. One of
the bullets struck a striker on the arm.
The affair aroused the bitterness of the
union men and the assault last night is
supposed to have been the outgrowth
of it. \u25a0 '
Rice left the foundry shortly after 5
o'clock and boarded a Howard-street car
at the crossing of First street. He no
tioed that three men got aboard at the
Mine time, but paid no particular atten
tion to them. Before the car reached
Twentieth street it was crowded with peo
ple. No attempt was made to molest Hice
on the car.
First Beaten and Then Shot.
Scarcely had Rice stepped to the pave
ment when Twentieth street was reached
than he was dealt a heavy blow from be
hind. He did not drop immediately, but
turned to defend himself. One of the men
then pointed a revolver at him and fired
four shots in rapid succession. Three oi
the bullets took effect. One bullet en
tered Rice's breast, another passed
through bis body In the region of the
jrroln and & third lodged in the left shoul
der.
After the murderous assault the men
ran down Twentieth street, one of them
turning Into Shotwell street. Officers C.
W. Brown and Frank Lysett were Jus:
leaving the Seventeenth-street station
and heard the shots. They ran along
Eighteenth street and met a party in pur
suit of the man who had turned Shotwell
street. The policemen joined In the chase,
end on Seventeenth street, near Folsom.
overtook and arrested the fugitive. He
gave his name as William Buckley and
his occupation as a clerk.
Lu R. Levy, a laborer, residing at 3736'a
Howard street, \u25a0witnessed the assault ana
followed the three men along Twentieth
btreet until they separated at Shotweh
street. Then he continued the chase aftei
the man who entered the latter thorough
fare. Levy pointed out Buckley as being
the man he had followed and Identified
him positively. The other two men have
not yet been located by the police. Thej
were last seen running along Twentieth
street. Detectives Graham. Fitzgerald
and Crockett \u25a0were detailed on the case bj
Captain Seymour.
Wounded 2£an Cannot Live.
Rice was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where the bullets were extract
ed. The surgeons in charge state that he
cannot live. For two hours the injured
man remained conscious, and during that
time Buckley was brought to his bedside
for purposes of Identification. Rice said
he thought Buckley was one of the three
men who attacked him, but could not pos
itively Identify him. He was certain,
however, that he was not the person who
flred the 6hots.
Rice Is 40 years of age. He resides with
his mother and sisters at 3335 Twentieth
street.
Buckley does not deny being present at
the scene of the shooting. He told the
police several contradictory stories, how
ever, and they feel confident that he Is on°
of the assailants of Rice.
Police Capture ,One of the
Assailants After a Long
Chase.
George W. Rice the Vic
tim of a Murderous
Assault.
NON-UNION MAN
FATALLY SHOT
Travelers in an Accident
Of haying their luggage' break or get out
of shape are naturally annoyed. "We pro
vide against such contingencies by having
our trunks, suit cases, etc., made especial
ly strong. They also have all new devices
for economizing space. : We get them in
carloads, and our prices are so reason
able that we sell them as fast as they
come. Sanborn, .Vail & Co.. 1 741 Market. •
Insulted Two Women.
Charles Muff, j a tinsmith living at 605
Green street, 4 was convicted by Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of violating a
park ordinance and sentenced to six
months in the County Jail.' The Judge re
marked that he was sorry, he . could not
make the sentence six years. Thursday
Muff approached Mrs. J. Lund of 2506 Ful
ton street, who had a baby in he-f arms,
and Mrs. S. B. Barrows, her friend, and
insulted them at the Halght-street en
trance to Qolden Gate Park. •
Episcopal Excursion to Big Trees,
' 'Santa Cruz and Bel Monte.
A special train to Big Trees, Santa Cruz
and Del Monte will leave Southern Pacific
narrow gauge ferry, foot of Market street,
Saturday; October 12, at 1:45 p. m., reach
ing Del Monte 7:15 p. m., for special bene
fit of members of Episcopal convention.
Tickets are now on sale at Grand Hotel
ticket office, and * can also . be obtained
from S. P. Company's representative at
Trinity, Church Saturday morning; also at
ferry ticket office (narrow gauge), foot of
Market street.
These special excursion tickets are
available for all visiting or resident Epis
copalians and their friends, v
Returning, special train will leave Del
Monte 6 a. m. Monday, reaching this city
9:30 a, m.
Fare, including hotel and other charges,
$13.00. ' > ' :•
Holders of these tickets may remain at
Del Monte as long as they desire at addi
tional hotel charge of 53.50 per day, trans
portation tickets being extended accord
ingly. \u25a0
Little Confusion in Sonoma.
SANTA . ROSA," Oct. 11.— The action of
the Supreme Court in declaring the new
code unconstitutional .will- not cause as
much confusion in this county as was at
first supposed. In Judge Burnett's de
partment but one case is affected,- and,
while several probate matters in Judge
Dougherty's department will be put back,
the republishing of certain notices, sum
mons, etc., will be the only thing neces
sary to straighten out affairs. In a num
ber of actions pending the. filing of papers
had been purposely delayed in anticipa
tion of the Supreme Court's decision.
BULLA IS NOT STTBPRISED.
Says Governor and Present Code
Commission Blundered.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— The decision
of the Supreme Court annulling the re
vised. Code of Civil Procedure has caused
consternation among members of the lo
cal bar. ' General Johnstone Jones, As
sistant District Attorney, said to-day:
I am of the opinion that the sweeping de
cision of the State Supreme Court is applicable
to the Penal Code and will have the effect of
rendering null and void the several amendments
to the Penal Code made by the Code Commis
sion. ' , '
Judge J. W. McKinley does not believe
that convictions will be affected. George
J Denis of the Code Commission said
that the decision had surprised and aston
ished him. Senator Robert N. Bulla, who
preceded Mr. Denis on the commission,
said:
' I am not at all surprised at the decision. In
deed, I should have been astonished had the
Supreme Court arrived at any other conclusion.
The first act of the so-called commission of
1897 was to determine in what form the legis
lation necessary for the revision of the codes
should be introduced. "We then satisfied our
selves that the only safe course to pursue was
to introduce each code as a separate bill, re
printing the same In full and showing in the
body thereof every amendment suggested by
the commission. In pursuance . of this plan,
we revised three of the four . codes during our
incumbency, which extended over a period of
a little more than two years, and at the ses
sion of the Legislature in 1899 we introduced
the Civil Code as amended by us. The bill as
Introduced was not paesed upon by the. Legis
lature, but after the adjournment of that ses
sion the commission continued Its labors along
the same lines* until Its retirement and the
appointment of its successors by Governor
Gage during the summer of 1S99. As before
stated, at the time we vacated the office we
had completed three of the four . codes.
When our successors were appointed, for rea
sons which doubtless were satisfactory to them
the work of their predecessors was discarded
and a new plan of procedure adopted— that of
suggesting amendments to separate eectlons of
the various codes and introducing a fragmen
tary bill, not re-enacting the entire codes.
The object of the commission doubtless was to
save the expense to the State of reprinting
these sections of the codes which were not to
be changed In the revision, but the reeult. as
determined by the decision of the Supreme
Court, has proved most disastrous and far more
expensive than if the commission of 1899 had
pursued the same plan adopted by that of
1897; and the uncertainty, inconvenience- and
hardship which will follow the decision of the
Supreme Court declaring their labors unconsti
tutional would have been avoided.
Of course, good lawyers honestly differ in
such matters, but the mistake of Judgment on
the part of the present commissioners in-adopt
ing their plan of amendments, and of the.Gov
ernor in ratifying their unconstitutional meth
ods, is certainly most unfortunate for litigants
and the people generally. What can be done
to remedy the evil? Nothing but await the
meeting of the next session of' the Legislature
and then Introduce each code as a separate bill,
showing on its face every amendment suggested
by the commission. Of. course this will be ex
pensive and probably will cost the State in the
neighborhood of another $100,000, but I see no
other way out of the predicament if code re
vision is to become an accomplished fact.
The lawyers of .' San Francisco and
doubtless their official brethren through
out the State are rejoicing over the de
cision of the Supreme Court which nulli
fied the codes. The ponderous volumes
purchased on July 1 are laid away, but
the $15 which they cost is not mourned
for, so great is the general delight in the
fact that their tangles will no longer have
to be unraveled. The legal lights con
gratulate each other when they meet and
smile lightly when the Code Commission
is mentioned. . . '
Attorney Charles Heggerty says: "That
set of codes was the most senseless and
worthless conglomeration of everything
that was ever adopted for the law of any
State. -We know what we are doing now
that the whole business is declared inop
erative. With the revised codes no one
could tell what might happen in any
case."
Attorney, Heggerty's opinion Is shared
by all the fraternity with the exception
of a few perhaps who for personal reasons
were interested in having the new laws
declared valid: The decision was not unex
pected and attorneys with foresight have,
it is said, carried on their cases since July
1 under both the old and new methods of
procedure. \u25a0,
The chief objection to the Code of Civil
Procedure was that the contestants in
any case might make affidavit that the
Judges to whom, their respective causes
were assigned were biased and a trans
fer must then be made.- In that manner
the parties might select their own Judges,
a state of affairs very undesirable..
Several other cases analagous with that
of Lewis vs. Dunne, in the decision of
which the codes were declared invalid,
were handed down by the Supreme- Court
yesterday. The most important of them
was that of "Watt vs. Cook. Rolla V.
Watt, representing the Fire Commission
ers, alleged bias on the partof Judge Car
roll Cook in the case of Maxwell against
the board. Under the code a transfer
would have been made Imperative. Judge
Cook will not try the suit.
E. R. Leventon, one of the Lookout
lynching suspects, had alleged that Judge
Harrington of Modoc County was preju
diced. His petition falls, of course, with
the others.
Supreme Court Hands Down
Several Analagous
Opinions.
General Delight I Pelt in
the Invalidity of the
Codes.
LAWYERS SMILE
OVER DECISION
An Alumni Reunion.
The reunion of the Alumni of the Theo
logical Seminary 'in Virginia will be hold
at the Occidental Hotel on Monday at
10 p. m.
Noted Boer Leader to Speak Twice
During' the "Week in Aid of •
His Cause. . ,
Commandant "W. D. Snyman, of Gen
eral Dewet's- staff of the Boer, army in
South Africa, will address the. members
of the Transvaal League and their friends
to-night at Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street. Coming fresh from the fields of
battle, he will be able to give .an.inter
esting account of . the present : war in
South Africa.
A second lecture will be delivered on
Thursday evening at Metropolitan Hall,
at which Hon. James G. Magulre will pre
side. The /proceeds of the lecture will be
devoted to the aid of the cause of the
Boers. •' \u25a0 ' :\u25a0 . .--.^\u25a0it'L i
COMMANDANT SNYMAN \u25a0--•
ANNOUNCES LECTDTEIES
He Pleads Guilty to Arson, but Sen
tence Will Be Indefinitely
Postponed.
Vincent Biasioll, the young ; marble
cutter who set flre to the flat he occupied
at 423 Dolores street, on the night of July
28 so that he could get: the' insurance of
$400 on' the furniture -to j enable him to
marry his sweetheart, ' pretty Fannie
Rousseau, pleaded guilty : in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday to the charge of ar
son. In accepting the plea -the Judge con
sidered the fact that Biasioli Is only 19
years of age with ; no criminal . instincts
and that his previous good character in
dicated that he had. a useful future -be
fore him. The Judge postponed sentence
till January, and if the defendant behaves
himself' sentence will -be; continued from
time to time till the Judge's term expires.
Biasioll was placed- under • a bond • of
$1000. J. D. McGilvray, i a contractor of
Palo Alto, and D. McPhee, contractor of
this city, became his sureties. Biasioli is
a skilled workman and can earn $4 per
day. The parents of Miss ' Rousseau are
willing that she and \u25a0\u25a0 Biasioli should
marry. '• . •\u25a0.:-.\u25a0
the • great promise for the common good pre
sented by them afford to . the orders of the
N. • S. G. W. and N. D. G. "W. the oppor
tunity to render to the State the most pat
riotic and material service, alike creditable to
themselves in- the highest degree and beneficial
to the State in the furtherance of these ideas.
It would seem peculiarly appropriate and fit
ting that the energy and the influence of these
orders should be so' exerted, unselfishly and
without discrimination of Individuals or classes
as against others concerned In those industries.
President Baker Acts.
Mrs. Genevieve Baker, grand president
of the Native Daughters of the .Golden
West, learning of \u25a0 the proposed move of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation, yesterday wrote the following let
ter addressed to the subordinate parlors
of the N, D. G. W., and this was put with
the letters of the association, showing the
loyalty of the N. D. G. W. president to
the welfare of. California: ... . . •>?
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 11.' 1901.
To the subordinate parlors, N. D. G. W.— I
desire to call your particular attention to the
Inclosed communication sent by the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association of California
with my consent. . •'-"\u25a0,
Some years ago this very subject "was- pre
sented to us by one of our past grand presi
dents. It is now brought to our attention in a
\u25a0broader sense. As we. all know that 1 every
Native Daughter is in sympathy with any pro
ject that will materially benefit our State,
our order and ourselves, I sincerely trust that
you will give this matter your undivided-at
tention and hearty approval and that it will
meet with the indorsement "not -only, of this
administration but that 'each | succeeding year
will see its interests | carried - out more . fully.
. Yours sincerely and fraternally,
.:. GENEVIEVE BAKER,
•- . :' • Grand President. .
The present officers of the Manufactur-
WEDDING BELLS WTLIi
I Bma our for biasiou
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1901.
I n a Plan Mo Upbuild Home Industries the Loyalty of Parlors of
Sons and Daughters of the Golden West Is Invoke^ in a Let
ter Wherein California's Chance for Greatness Is Forecasted
MANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS
SEEK AID OF NATIVES OF STATE
14
Hal«'8.; ; ;'- . I Hale's. '^K*l
— *~ 1^ — -^^~- ! . — — - — . — *
f0ESEJSJMRffl$8vHL McCall's November Patterns and Magazines ere here.
Girls' Hats $2.50
V^lSM^S^ And a Word of Cur Children's Millinery.
?«K^i 4 v!(t * fcsbcf This feature of the millinery business receives
sUVr *^"vfw7» ~ a T e J ul and undivided sttention. A part of the
I'fflfK^w^-/^' millinery salon is set apart to children's hats.
~*~ jk While trimmers and salesladies give it all their
2*^m«?V t ime - It's this concentration of thought and
'^ /&(Q$£l f . en "£y tn^ 1 ia s brought us such success.
/m%^^^^k child's hats are just as distinctive as the
C^*k^CI1«B» ? rown - u P ones. We study them along separate
rfo t> n lines. We print pictures here of two styles to
j*sS0^<i r^ys£v^»a lllustrat e what we mem.
r«__ One has a tarn, the other a
KsSSb^mBJcMbIW V " — •* straight crown; both are
EK55K&!»i£gi£TM«$F t-> • t hand-made velvet affairs;
JSSsSSSSWS^V^vr I JriCtlLTes I Mack effects, tastefully trim-
/fiMWaFttJrPVt]' ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0» .-, , I roed with that new stylish
/£&|Pk&^A*> I described v *™}™ $ ibb0 ? 1 ", delicate
stJ^ffl^invitf*^* \ I I sh ades of pink, blue, rose
" \ i* "* and nile green, which con-
)TWjiW5wSyS>'<S y* " " trast strongly with the black
r tff/~& *i velvet. Brims are shirred.
//^Tft*^^^ I GirIs from 5 t0 may wear them - S 2 - 50 each -
Then we show to-day for first time
Swell Beaver Hats S6.O0.
— «. ,^ \u25a0 - -\u25a0• - They are the most asked-for child's hat — and
the scarcest. These were received by express from New York just in time
for this announcement. Shown in reds, castors, black and navy.
We're better fixed in
Women's Kid Gloves for $1.00
Than we ever were.
—and that's saying a good deal. Our previous glove achievements have
been as incentives to make us improve. Every season we keep crowding
more into our $1.00 glove. We keep buying more, so it's worth the makers'
while to keep giving us more. ,-
Of first and prime importance are
Our H. B. Kid Gloves $1.00.
They wear longer, look better and are more comfortable than the aver-
age $1.00 glove. The fact that we sell more of them to women who have
been used to wearing $1.25 and $1.50 gloves is pretty good evidence of their
superiority. Women who wear them once keep on wearing them; they do
not disappoint. If they do go wrong we stand ready to replace them or
give your money back.
They're made from selected Italian lambskins, tanned in the newest
shades of mode, brown, red. blue, green, gray, violet, pearl, white and black.
But for .those whose tastes run on other lines v/e have
Pique Walkinsr Gloves. SI. 00- An imported slove, made with Parla point em-
broidery. Serviceable and styL'sh for shopping or traveling. All the new and
staple shades. '
Mocha Gloves 81. CO— Hque fetyle, with Pari3 point embroidery. Grays, modes
and blacks.
One-clasp Dent Fac Simile Gloves 81.00-The glove for shopping or college I
wear. Comes in shades of oak. red and mahogany.
Misses' Two-elasr> Kid Gloves Jfl.OO— New shades ojf mode, brown, red, gray,
, blue and white. A glove renowned for fit and excellent wearing quality.
Women's Fancy Stockings 15c.
Fine seamless stockings In Rembrandt drpp stitch style; tlack boots wltSt colored tops;
blues, lavenders and reds; double heel and toes; every size from 8% to 10, 15c a pair or
Jl 65 a dozen.
We've been two months trying to get them; it's such a popular stock-
ing and so well made that we could get much 'more than 15c for them if we
were inclined that way.
Women's 25c Full-Fashioned Stockings 19c
Fast black Maco cotton hose, fine gauge, medium heavy weight, longer
and more elastic than common: heels and toes are double! It's as good a
stocking as usually sells at 25c.v Our price, 19c a pair or $2.25 a dozen.
"WOMEN'S FANCY STOCKINGS. ."»Oc-Soine 50 new and charming styles In
Imported hosiery, black stripes and checks and figures on red. blue, lavender and white .
grounds, or embroidered silk pinwheel patterns or assorted colors in graduated stripes,
or some 20 new styles in Hermsdorft zigzag lace lisle hose.
These are the prettiest and latest novelties. Our price 50c. T , .
Iron-Thread Stockings for Children
(Copyright)
We're having a great boom in iron-thread stockings just now; mothers
are beginning to find out what they are — that it means paying no more than
common but getting more ' than is usually given. •
CHH^DEEN'S 12«c A PATH. *1-«S A DOZ.-Kor boy 3 and grlrls. Harrow
ribbed, heavy weight and elastic; double knees; sizes, 5% to 9^.
MISSES' AND BOYS' 20c A PAIR. «2.2o A DOZ.-Tnree styles-black, seam-
less, narrow ribbed, heavy weight, or narrow ribbed and medium weight, or fine rib-
bed, smooth lisle finish: all of them longer and more elastic than common; sizes, 5>i
to 10. We don't know of anything to equal them for nt and durability.
Child's White and Black Polka-dot Hose 14c.
These are the stockings that children like to wear; \u25a0 they look so pretty;
they're the ones the mothers like to buy— they wear so long and don't cost
much.
SF*ECiAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 221 lbs.$l.00
Extra Special. Spreckels' Best.
BEST L. BROS.' BRAND HAMS, Ib — I4c
Eastern Guaranteed. Regular K^a
CHOICE POINT REYES CREAMERY, sa 40c
Market has Advanced. Regular SOc.
FINEST CREAMERY EUTTER, square--50c
Fine Butter Our Motto. Regular 60c. (
PETALUMA RANCH E8GS, dozen 25ei
Regular 35c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 40s
Mission Eggs are yery scarce and hard
Pearline WashTnVcom'poiind, 3 Mb pkgs.25c
Regular 10c pkff.
GRAPE-NUTS, package 12V?
Regular 15c. ,
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, quart bet- 25*
Regular 40c. Old and Good.
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 15 cakes. Me
\u25a0 King of All Soaps— None Better.
EASTERN BUCKWHEAT, 10-lb sack- . .30*
Regular 43c.
Imported Flag Brand SARDINES, 3 cans.25c
Regular 12Hc can.
EXTRA PINEAPPLE, Sliced.. |&
New Arrival. Regular 25c.
JESSE MOORE AA, quart bottle. .... .90c
Bourbon Whisky. Regular $1 10.
NEW SUGAR CORN, 3 cans... 25c
Extra Iowa Corn. Regular I2^4c can.
Catsup, L. Bros.' Brand, Pure, large bot.i23c i
Extra Choice. Regular 15c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes..... 25c
White. Regular 4 cakes 25c.
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKY, gai.. $2.50
Extra Special. Regular $3 50.
Le Court Imp. France Mushrooms, can -221c
Regular 30c
KIPPERED HERRING, large can 20^
Special. Extra. Resrular ZZc. W
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these Special
Sales. "We ship Frea of Charge with -
every $5 or more within 100 miles. Ask
for monthly price list— Free.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 231. No Branch Store*.
— -
DO DAV NOCURE,NGPAY
Oil. BiH I 30 experience treating
r'LKl***.*. DISEASES OF MEN
Can or Write. Boom 4, Sa. 26 X Ke»rn j St.. S. ?.
Weak Men and Women
SHOtTLD USE DAMIAJJA BITTERS THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and:
s.tr*ngth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market. I
WesBy Can, $1.00 prw
WOMEN'S TAILORED
WALKING SKIRTS
—AND—
LONG DRESS SKIRT
SALE TOM.
CO Off 'or WALKING SKIRTS of
<P4»UUfine Meltdn Cloths; all seams
heavily welted; new flare flounce; regu-
lar $3 75 value. . * .
\u25a0 «C 1 <5T f\ for WALKING SKIRTS of
<pl*UU'' fine Wool - Meltonette; seams
well bound and -stitched; reduced from
$2 25; for to-day's sale. only. . •
CQ Ptn for : WOMEN'S BEAUTIFUL
VUtOUDRESS SKIRTS of rich serge,
in blue and black, with swell flare and
exceedingly, graceful In shape; similar
skirts sold elsewhere at $5 50.
<tA TtZtor STYLISH DRESS SKIRTS
<P^» t t? made of fine quality Broad-
cloth. In black and gray; new graduated
flare. flounce; neatly trimmed with bands
of stitched satin; handsomely tailored
and elegantly finished; regular, $7 00 value.
«J»O PZf\ 'or: WALKING SKIRTS, in
tJ>^&»«JVF black, or dark gray, that are
considered good value at {3 75. - \u25a0
WOMEN'S WAIST SPECIALS.
»7'BJ f »' for U 15 WOMEN'S WAISTS,
.***V:made of heavy German Flannel,
\u25a0trimmed with fancy buttons; entire
• waist lined. \ ': . .\u25a0 \.. -. . •
•QP^r» ; . for" U 60 WAISTS ot All-Wool
*/W Flannel,- neatly trimmed; solid
, colors.;' : / •: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 .
:'«rr'4K?for $2 25 WAISTS, made of
Vp I •*XO 'Venetian Cloth, come In stripes
;\u25a0 and 'figures; entire waist lined.
SAME BIG INDUCEMENTS OFFERED
T£>_DAY ' AS LA Sr SATURDAY
AT OUR CORSET COUNTER.
33c for EOc WOMEN'S CORSETS.
50c for. ,75c WOMEN'S CORSETS.
75c for Jl 00 WOMEN'S CORSETa
fll.OO for Jl 25 WOMEN'S CORSETS.
. $1.25 for Jl 50 WOMEN' S CORSETS.
$1.75 for |2 00 WOMEN'S CORSETS. ,
' OUR CORSET GUARANTEE— If after 80
days' wear not satisfactory, money . re-
turned. ' . ' ! ' ' . . \u25a0\u25a0.
3 HOSIERY BARGAINS.
Olt/> Pair, to-day only, for our regular
ZOW 35c .WOMEN'S BLACK HOSE,
only four pairs sold to each customer, j
'IQlnVi Pair for regular 20c Richelieu
1<£2C Ribbed WOMEN'S . BLACK
HOSE, colored upper. \u25a0
1Ol/-> Pair for fine or heavy Ribbed
IZ2V/ CHILDREN'S BLACK HOSE,
. double: heel, double knee, -double toe;
. similar hose sold elsewhere at ; 20c.
WE'RE OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL II O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
- Between Taylor. and JoneB.
Royal Baking Po\yd<er lias
not its counterpart at hopie
or abroad. Its qualities" which
make the bread more health-
fui and the cake of finer
appearance and flavor, are
peculiar to itself and are not
constituent in any other Ieav-
enin^ ap^ent
SUITS
tailored *with the highest skill.
< Open Until 10 o'CIock This (Sat-
urday). Evening. \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 • '
128-13? Ellis St. Sutai .