VOLUME XCI— NO. 2.
LOSS OF LIFE CAUSED BY THE SINKING
OF FERRYBOAT SAN RAFAEL NOT GREAT
' l jj' l HE fog-covered waters of San Francisco bay did not gather in a rich harvest Saturday night when the San Rafael went to the bottom. So far. the loss of life is estimated at three — two men and a boy. One body may be on the boat, an-
Over at Angel Island soldiers doing sentry duty found the body of W. G. Crandall early yesterday morning. -Crandall died a hero's death. He sacrificed his life for others. George Treadway, his chest crushed when the Satualito
rammed the San Rafael, was carried to the upper deck, crying out, "For God's sake, don't leave me!" as the steamer sank beneath the waters. "The third victim, Cyrus A. Waller, 5 years old, is mourned as lost. That is the roster of the dead tip
PONTIFICAL
EDICT AS TO
PHILIPPINES
Pope Leo Will Settle the
Ecclesiastical Diffi
culties.
Mgr. Sbaretti Will Go at Once
to Manila as Apostolic
Delegate.
Will Have Plenary Powers in the
Islands to Carry Out the Policy
Soon to Be Outlined by
His Holiness.
Special D!?patch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. L— Advices
from Rome state that In a few days Pope
Leo XIII will issue a pontflcal bull which
Trill finally determine a settlement of the
ecclesiastical difficulties in the Philip
pines. It will be to parry out Its provi
sions that Mgr. Sbaretti, former Bishop
of Havana, will go at once to Manila
from Rome as Apostolic Delegate in suc
cession to Mgr. Chapelle, who will re
turn to his see in New Orleans.
The document will probably be about
10,000 words long, and will be drafted in
the form of an apostolic constitution. It
will be addressed generally to the hier
archy of the Philippines and specifically
to Mgr. Nozelada de Villa, Archbishop of
Manila. '
ICceds of the Islands,
In the first part the bull will treat of
the historic record of the church in the
Philippines, In the second of the discip
linary needs of the islands and in the
third of existing conditions of the church
there.
In accordance with his Judgment on the
reports presented to him of these con
ditions the Pope will order the holding
of a provincial council in Manila, at
which the canonical laws and diocesan
regulations enacted by the Ecumenical
Council of Archbishops and Bishops of
Latin-America, held In Rome " in 1899,
will be made also of force in the Philip
pines, modified only by such local needs
&s the islands show.
The clergy, secular and regular, will
remain as they now are, but new sem
inaries and schools and a new system
will be established for their education.
The present Bishops of all the sees, name
ly, Manila., Cebu, Jaro and Nuevo Car
ceres, will be retained, but four or five
new sees will be created. To these lat
ter American prelates or men trained in
American seminaries and ways will prob
ably be appointed.
Will Have Plenary Powers.
M*r. Sbaretti, new Apostolic Delegate
to Manila, will have the same plenary
powers as those exercised by the delegate
in Washington, and he will be charged in
Rome with the strict application of the
policy outlined by the Pope In this bull
to the hierarchy of the Philippines and
the laws enacted at the provincial coun
cil, which it summons and over which he
will preside in the Pope's name.
Archbishop Nozelada will leave for Ma
nila about the first of the new year, and
Mgr. Ebaretti will probably go with him.
Rev. Dr. Bonaventure Broderlck of New
Haven, Conn., will go as Mgr. Sbaretti' s
•ecretary, having been with him also dur
ing bis successful settlement of the prop
erty and other questions In Cuba.
SAYS THE WAR IS OVER.
Alban's Chief of Staff Scores the Pan
ama Railroad Company.
PANAMA. Dec. 1.— To the Editor of The
Call: The revolutionists have been com
pletely routed. Their officers and men are
coming in every day to surrender. A
commission of Liberals has left to obtain
the surrender of General Diaz, coin
lnander of the revolutionary forces.
There Is considerable Indignation against
the Panama Rayroad Company for hav
ing given transportation to the revolu
tionary troops that captured Colon, and
for afterward having refused to carry
troops or mobilize the force of the Co
lombian Government, according to , con
tract. There Is no proof that the Insur
gents used any force to compel the rail
road to carry their troops to Colon.
General Alban has triumphed completely
and the Government is securely estab
lished in Colon and Panama. ' Peace Is
assured. Business men In Colon have re
opened their stores, which were closed
during the rule of the Liberals.
It is accepted by all that the war Is
at an end on the isthmus. Commanders
of foreign warships acted in a neutral
manner.
GENERAL H. O. JEFFRIES,
Chief of General Alban's Staff. -
Story ai Turkish Mutiny Denied.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. L— The re
i Port of a mutiny of Turkish troops in El
| Hedaz, Arakia, and. the occupation by the
rebels of the grand mosque at Jeddah,
published in the United States Is officially
declared to be a ridiculous Invention.
The San Francisco Call.
ALDAN ADMITS
INSURRECTION
IS NOT ENDED
Commander of Colom
bian Troops Hopes to
Crush Liberals.
Declares He Can Keep Up
Free Transit Without
Aid of Foreigners.
Bocas del Toro Believed to Have Been
Taken by the Insurgents, and a
British Warship Hastens
to That Port.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLON, Dec. 1.— The Call correspondent
obtained an interview with General Car-
los Alban, Governor of the Department
of Panama and commander of £he mili
tary and naval forces of the isthmus, re
garding the situation. When General Alban
was asked If he could now maintain free
transit on the isthmus, he replied:
"Colombia does not require foreign aid
to maintain free transit across the isth
mus. Within nine days we have recap
tured Colon and have killed or taken pris
oners the troops which occupied that
fort."
"Are you satisfied with the terms of the
treaty executed in Colon?" was asked.
' "Yes: the terms are the same as those
arranged in July of iast year, when the
revolutionists surrendered at Panama. I
must'~say/ however, that many ot, .those
same rebels have again taken up arms
against the Colombian Government."
"Do you consider the isthmian revolu
tion entirely at an end?"
Will Crush the Liberals. "'
"Not yet," replied General Alban, em
phatically. "There are still several bands
of insurgents in the interior of -the De
partment of Panama. These bands will
soon be crushed.
"One of the revolutionary generals on
the isthmus— Domingo Diaz— has already
been defeated. We are now going to de
feat the other insurgent general, Bells
carlo Parras, who capitulated last year.
"Diaz had a strong personal following.
So , has Parras. This condition of af
fairs clearly shows what the Colombian
nation has in prospect should Liberals
ever triumph. When the Liberal party
governed Colombia there were fifteen rev
olutions in twenty years." '
Bocas del Toro Taken.
News has reached Colon that a commit
tee of insurgents several days ago de
manded that Bocas del Toro should sur
render. It is now believed that Bocas del
Toro is in the hands of the revolutionists.
The British cruiser TrlbuneJeft port to
day for Bocas del Toro to protect British
interests there. The Tribune will return
on Tuesday and will report the situation
at Bocas del Toro..
The engines of the warship
General Pinzon are now being cleaned, as
the engineer declared that he would not
be responsible for any accident. When
the British cruiser Tribune returns to this
port the General Pinzon will be ready to
proceed to Bocas del Toro, if it is neces
sary.
The prefect of Colon and others who
have been imprisoned by the Liberals re
turned to Colon this evening.
Colonel Barrera, who led the force of
insurgents In the field against General
Alban's troops, has been found in the
bushes In a wounded condition. He will
receive his freedom and medical care in
Colon.
Troops Go to Interior.
The - Government will send troops Into
the interior of the department to-morrow
to operate against General Parras, whose
Insurgent force General Alban is anxious
to crush. T:'-
In an interview General Toliaco, com
mander of the Colombian warship Gen
eral Pinzon, says the surrender of Colon
was a burlesque. He declares that with
in twenty-four hours of the armistice the
Liberals secreted the best arms and left
worthless rifles. He says j this is shown
by the nature of the wounds of the Gov
ernment soldlero. ■' U "•■".■- iV'.v" •.
Fourteen revolutionists boarded a train
for this port yesterday to surrender. They
were 111 and said they did not wish to con
tinue the fight. Many of the bodies of daad
soldiers, found along the railroad have
been cremated.
The Government is confident that the re
bellion on the . isthmus will . soon be
stamped out.
TROOPS OF THE SULTAN
CLOSE IN ON BANDITS
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 1.— Official
reports received > here from Mush i are to
the effect that Andranik, a leader of Ar
menian bandits, has again accupled an Ar
menian monastery In the nlghborhood of
Mush, where' he and his forces are sur
rounded for a second time by Turkish
troops.
Fresh Turkish outrages in Armenia are
reported from the Mush, Sassoum and
Bitlia districts. . ,
SAN FRANCISCO^ MONDAY,; DECEMBER 2, 1901.
CHINA IS NOT
CARRYING OUT
PEACE POLICY
Fails to Stop Importa
tion of Munitions v
International Action Must Be
Taken to Prevent Further
Hostilities.
Celestial? Bemember Their Tempo
rary Success at Tientsin, and With
More Arms Would ReneW At
tacks on Foreigners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 -G street, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— International
action looking to the prohibition of the
Importation Into China of munitions of
war and all material for the manufacture
thereof must be taken, if the peace of the
world is not to be disturbed by another
outbreak in the Celestial Empire.
This is the opinion of high officials
based upon . Information they have re
ceived. It^B expected that Minister Con
ger, in concert with his colleagues of the
diplomatic corps in Peking, will make
earnest representations to Prince Ching
and Yuan Shih Kai, with a view to com
pelling the Chinese Government" to 6top
importing .munitions of war or - material
to bemused In connection with their manu
facture.
. ; Remember Temporary Successes.
The Chinese have not forgotten the
temporary successes they achieved, first
in driving back to Tientsin the for
eign column under command of Vice Ad
miral Seymour, and in holding the native
city of Tientsin, and they believe that If
well armed they will in another war with
the hated foreigners have a better chance
of success. To prevent rearmament and
the resumption of hostilities against the
West, the foreign Ministers in Peking in
serted in the peace protocol a provision
requiring China to stop the importation
of munitions of war and materials for the
manufacture thereof for a period of two
years, and it was further provided that
the prohibition should continue for two
additional years if the powers deemed it
necessary.
• Instead of enforcing this provision of
the protocol, China has , eagerly opened
her ports to foreign munitions of war and
material for the manufacture thereof.
May Secure Legislation.
The United States is in a somewhat em
barrassing position in this matter, owing
to the fact that the President has no
authority to prevent shipment by Amer
ican merchants of war munitions to
China. Certainly they could not be
stopped from sending to China materials
used In the manufacture of rifles an-.l
ammunition, because these materials are
also employed for other purposes. It Is
probable that the President and Secretary
Hay will seriously consider the advisa
bility of securing legislation under which
the importation of arms to China, ar
least, can be stopped.
GAY DECORATIONS AT PEKING.
Chinese Preparing for the Return of
the Royal Family.
PEKING, Dec. 2.-*-Prince Ching has In
formed the Ministers of the foreign powers
that, owing to the fatigue of the Dowager
Empress, resulting from her travels, the
last stage of the Imperial court's -Journey
has been postponed for one week.
Great preparations are being made here
for the reception of the royal party. All
the palaces and temples have been re
painted and rebuilt. The foreign residents
of Peking never have seen these build
ings looking so imposing as now.
Upon the day of the reception the, route
followed by the royal cortege will be lined
with Manchu bannermen and elaborate
ceremonies will be observed. .
The condition of Peking has Improved
Immensely and good discipline Is main
tained among ' the European troops sta
tioned here.
SEVERELY PUNISH OFFENDERS.
Chinese Officials Manifest Desire to
Protect Foreigners.
PEKING, Dec. 1.— Chinese officials have
severely punished all offenders against
foreigners. This has had a salutary effect
on the demeanor of the peopled The'Chi
nese officials now manifest* an . increased
desire to cultivate "personal relations tyith
the diplomatic corps. The settlement of
claims between the local officials and the
missionaries, not Included in the general
Indemnity, has been arranged. Payments
on these claims amount to 5,000,000 taels.
In an edict the Dowager. Empress, has
authorized . the Instruction of foreign
sciences in Chinese schools.
The policy of Sir Robert Hart,, collector
of imperial maritime customs, in the mat
ter of the disputed points of the tariff,
is to deal generously with, the imporUra. :
WILLIAM G. CRANDALL MEETS
A HERO'S DEATH IN THE WRECK
Will Determine
Where Blame
Lies.
THE loss of life paused by the
heavy fog on \ Saturday night
when the ferry boat San Rafael
was ripped open by the Sausa
lito is not as great as was at
first feared. So far the reports
show but few lives lost. The awe and
terror of it all have largely passed away
and people are now, wondering that the
death list is so small.
Underneath the lies the ill
fated boat, the exact location of which
is not yet known. . Little of the buried
San Rafael will be of any "future value
except as wreckage. Her boilers, were
practically condemned, . but her engines
were good. As to the hull the general'
opinion is that it /was water-logged. Ac
cording to law both Captain McKenzie
of the San Rafael and Captain Trlbble of
the Sausallto will be obliged to file reports
with the ; United" States Inspectors of
Steam < Vessels. This will be done this
morning and r it is Just possible that the
investigation will be begun this afternoon.
Already jthe captains are talking about
their whistles and their, signals. Some
sort of a conflict is sure to develop. '.:■
During the morning Captains Roach
and Whitelaw; master hands in drawing
wrecks from the deep, ' interviewed Cap
tain Tribble. in order to; get the location'
of the sunken boat. They will drag for
her to-day. The Impression current
among bay mariners condemns the San
Rafael for any future sea service. . . l
The Sausallto * was pretty badly dam
aged from the collision. Her; bow was
shattered to such an extent that .during
the service yesterday she ran as a'slngle
ender, backing out ; of: the slips and turn-
Ing round, very much after -the manner
of the boat that now lies submerged.
Would Try the Deep.
■ •Now ; that the ' heat of the excitement
and the nervous strain, of those who
were a ■ part ? and parcel of the wreckage
incidents have abated, men, women and
even the children; remember those things
which were blank to"' them on Saturday
night. The reports 'conflict: as to the be
havior of the ' passengers. Panic certain
ly'did hold its sway for a tUne. That more
lives ; were not \ lost ; is - credited '•-'. to • the
action of the crew. Y All who survived; the
wreck ' era of a mind > that \ the \- San Ra-.
THREE VICTIMS OF THE WRECK OF THE SAN RAFAEL WHICH
WAS CARRYING MORE THAN 250 PASSENGERS SATURDAY NIGHT
WHEN SHE WAS SUNK BY THE SAUSALITO
fael's crew behaved with commendable
spirit. '■'The women'; on board were like
wise comparatively cool under the cir
cumstances. ' ,
Two small boats were found yesterday,
one off ; Point Bonita, picked up by. the
steam schooner Wes'tport, and .the other
adrift off Union-street wharf. ' In the lat
ter were found 'a' pair of ladles' gloves,
two bonnets and a pair of garters..
While some of the passengers were fran
tic and tornj asunder < with. fear two
women of- San Rafael, \Mrs. '■. and Miss
Wilson, divested themselves of all their
outer clothing, : preparatory to a' long
swim, ; if the worst came to the worsti
Both are expert swimmers and they said
that they had made up their minds to
breast the waves toward the shore if the
boat sank before other^. escape or rescue
was possible. .Mrs.' arid; Miss
climbed on to the Sausallto finally, their
clothes In their arms. _ ' •
.The last, to leave the San Rafael were
Captain McKerizIe; and Chief Officer John
son. -As' Johnson'.was making a step from
the sinking : boat .toward 'the Sausallto ". he
felt his footing go as "she sank from' sight. '
The water swirled ; round him and the
suction pulled him downward., "For God's
sake, ' help me!", he cried. Dennis Gor
man, supervising engineer, was standing
on' the Sausallto's outer. railing. -Leaning
out over: the /water' he ; gave ; Johnsbri'a
hand. Johnson was saved.
: George Treadway, one of the .waiters,
suffered ' agony "and torture and went
down with the San* Rafael., W. Brown,
a bartender on ;the boat, and W. Sc6uler of
the ,Willianv Morgan Company played the
part f of \ life-savers ' throughout : the " trying
fifteen minutes that elapsed from i crash
to submergence. They picked up Tread
way, who was pinioned by a heavy: piece
of wood as the bow of the San Rafael
broke into the restaurant. Treadway's
che3t was crushed. Brown, and Scouler
carried him to the upper deck, where they
laid him out on the floor. All around the
boat were crying, . fear-stricken women
and children. To these they turned their
attentions, and so hard did they work that
they had barely time to save themselves.
As they felt the boat sink from under
them the dying cries of Treadway- rang
out. "For God's sake, Doys, don't leave
me!", he shouted. It was too. late. He went
down with the ship. ..'....
-And so the tales come in from all sides!
Acts of bravery there were in plenty, and
although the crash brought' panic at first
when, this passed away 'every rational
method of life-saving was tried. The
crew, a little slow to act at first, worked
weli In the heat of action. Boats were
lowered from both the San Rafael and
Sausallto . by order. : One slight Incident
of lack of coolness on the part of the
former vessel's crew Is told by the first
mate. The men were lowering a small
boat and. had forgot to put in the rain
plugs. Without them the boat would stay
up but a very short time. A strident order
quickly. adjusted the, error.
\ .. Marln County yesterday
there was ! a. feellng'of unrest. . The tele
graph and telephone operators had more
than. their share of work. From one. end
ofTthe county to the other, inquiries were
made all % day long. Information, was
sought frpm , police officers, Morgue" and
private- citizens. To all the small loss of
lite is looked upon' as a miracle.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Surrenders His
Life to Save
Others.
THE body of 'William G. CrandaU,
secretary of the Long Syrup Re
fining Company, was found to
day among the rocks on the shore
of Angel Island. Crandall per
ished in the bay disaster. Tha
- discovery of the remains was
made by a soldier on guard at the quar
antine station shortly after 10 o'clock yes
terday morning. When Coroner Eden of
Marin County reached the scene the Iden
tification was made complete. ■
Crandall, when found, wore a life-pre
server. He was coatless and his body bora
no marks of Injury. He evidently drifted
beyond the call of help after he had sac
rificed personal safety and time in the)
work of rescuing others and died of sheer
exhaustion In .the water. How long tha
unfortunate man lived after the San Ra
fael sank from human vision and the Sau
sallto 'steamed away for San Francisco
with Its load of rescuers and panic
stricken survivors will never be told.
Crandall died a hero. He gave his own
life in saving those of weak women and
helpless children. Instead of scrambling
aboard the vessel that had survived the,
terrible force of the collision he remainad
behind on the sinking ship, rendering: ser
vice every minute of the time until tha
last passenger had left the sinking ferry
boat. Then he gave heed to his own
safety.
Lingered Too Long on San Rafael.
But Crandall had lingered too long. Tha
rescue ship went away and left him to
his fate in the dark waters. He floated,
sustained by the life-preserver he wore,
and there Is little probability that he died
immediately. He may have endured for
hours of awful suspense berore the end
came, too exhausted to raise an outcry
that would bring him aid.
The brave secretary commenced hla la
bors of rescue a few seconds after the ves
sels came together. He left the side of his
traveling companion, William- Mersfelder,
and quickly learning tne nature of the
injury sustained by the San Rafael, rushed
to the ! upper cabins,- where the women
and children were. He led the way to
where the cabins touched and where the
transfer of human freight was being:
made. He turned again and again to the
Continued on Page Two.2
THRILLING TALES TOLD BY THE SURVIVORS
BRAVELY
BATTLES
FOR LIFE
Miss Mundell Barely
Escapes Death in
the Wreck.
Remains Afloat in Icy
Water for Twenty
Minutes.
Sees Little Girl Fall
Into the Bay and
Disappear.
PROBABLY of all those who were
rescued from the sinking ferry
boat no one had more thrilling
adventures or a narrower es
cape from death than Miss Es
ther llundell of ■ San Rafael.
With her mother and little sis
ter Marguerite, she was seated In the
cabin reading when the collision oc
curred. Her first thought was to assist
her mother and sister to escape from the
sinking boat. In the excitement she was
accidentally pushed into the water from
the narrow railing of the upper deck of
the , San Rafael. She remained in the
■water, as near as she can judge, twenty
minutes, and then succeeded in climbing
back on board the San Rafael. Just as
the boat took her final plunge Miss Mun
dell jumped again into the water and sue- .
ceeded in obtaining a hold on a lifeboat.
Her troubles, however, did not end
here. As the San Rafael was disappear
ing beneath the waves the flagstaff fell.
The pole struck Miss Mundell a glancing
blow and almost precipitated her again
into the icy water. While she was cling
ing to the lifeboat Miss Mundell believes
that she witnessed the drowning of a lit
tle girl. The girl, whose name is not
known, was also clinging to the lifeboat.
A rope was lowered from the deck of the
San Rafael. She grasped the line and
■was being- drawn up when she let go and
disappeared into the water. Miss Mun
dell says' that she did not see the little
one reappear at the surface. The miss
ing child wore her hair parted In the
middle and hangs in braids down her
back.
Girl Breaks Open the Case. .
Miss Mundell's story of the collision and
the events 'ihat followed is very vivid.
She said: "When the shock came mother
and I and my little sister Marguerite
were in the ship's cabin, reading. We all
rushed over to the case where the life
preservers were kept and I broke the
glass windows with my hands. A gentle
man whom I do not know helped us to'
adjust the life preservers. The men 'were
encouraging the women and requesting
them to keep their self-control, telling
them that there was no danger. After
tho women realized just what had hap
pened they displayed as much self-control
as the men. The children were the only
ones that made any outcry. ,.
"After we had our life preservers prop
erly arranged we went out on the stern.
I then saw the Sausalito a few feet away.
My sister and myself went below to see
what chance there was of escape in that
direction. I saw the water bubbling
through the hole in the side. and con
cluded at once that the boat was doomed.
We went to the opening in the side of the
San Rafael, through which the passen
gers were being taken aboard the Sausa
lito. There was a dense crowd about the
hole And I thought that it -would be little
use for us to wait there. We again went
on the upper deck to where mother. was.
Almost as soon as I reached her the ves
sel settled deeper in the water, going
down with a motion similar to that of an
elevator. I cannot imagine how it was
possible that all those who were down
below waiting to be taken aboard the
Eausalito escaped when the boat 6ettled.
Escape* Through Broken Window.
"In order to get free of the San Ra
fael I broke through the windows at the
stern, using my hands to push out the
glass. JVhen we got outside there was
only a_ very narrow railirig for us to
cling tb. As I was endeavoring to make
my way along the side of the boat some
one pushed me overboard. I gave up all
hope of ever being rescued and com
menced to think that my time had come.
"My mother and little sister succeeded
in crawling through the window at the
stern of the San Rafael and got hold of
a life boat which was still fastened to
the deck, with a canvas stretched across
• its top. As the San Rafael sank this life
boat broke loose from its fastenings. My
mother and sister still clung to it, but
because of the canvas which was
stretched over its top their hold was very
' precarious.
"The life boa\ floated near me and for
a time I was In grave danger of being
. crushed between it and the deck of the
. einking ferryboat. My mother gave me
her hand and by clinging to it I was able
to keep above water. My mother tried to
pull me aboard the life boat, but when I
saw she could not I swam the best I could
with the assistance of the life preserver
, back to the San Rafael or at least to the
! very small part of her that was Etlll
afloat When I reached the sinking boat
I do not think there was any one left
aboard her and so I was the last person
to leave her. By standing on the upper
deck of the vessel I was able to leap
- over and catch hold of the rim of the life
boat. I secured my hold 'just as my
mother was being drawn on board the
Sausalito.
"It was at this time that the flagpole
of the San Rafael came down and almost
knocked me again Into the water. It
struck me a glancing blow or else it
would certainly have loosened my feeble
Viold. By this time I was benumbed by
the chilly water.
Child Falls From Bope.
"While I was clinging to the life boat
I saw a woman and a little girl also hold
ing on to it. I Judged that the woman was
the little girl's mother. . A rope was
thrown from" the Sausalito and the little
girl took hold of it. As the men were
drawing her up the child's strength must
have given out, as she let go her hold and
sank at once into the water. I do not
think that she arose to the surface, at
lea«:t I did not see her. Soon after that
a rope, emooth and slippery, was thrown
to me. It was with the greatest difiiculty
that I retained my hold until I reached
the deck of the Sausalito. i was almost
overjoyed when I found my mother and
sister safe.
"During the whole dreadful accident
surprisingly little excitement was dls
* played. Captain McKenzie acted in the
most commendable manner. While the
passengers* were' being taken aboard the
Sausalito through the opening in the
San Rafael's side Captain [McKenzle re
quested that the ladles and children be
cared for first. I- am not sure that his
request was entirelr obeyed. The en
gines of the doomed vessel made a most
fearful noise and " I dreaded every . mo
ment that there would be an explosion."
The young lady who passed through all
this thrilling experience spent yesterday
with her mother, Mrs. W. B. Mundell,
and her little sipter, at the home of a
friend on Oak street. Both the mother
and the older daughter have several pain
ful bruises. The hands of both were in
jured by the rope with which they were
drawn aboard the Sausalito.
.HOHSE REFUSES TO BE
SAVEI> FBOM DBOWNINa
He Goes Bravely to the Bottom, of
the Bay With the San •
Rafael.
The familiar old sorrel horse used for
many years for hauling baggage on and
off the San Rafael went down with that
ill-fated vessel Saturday night, and if it
Is possible for an animal to commit sui
cide this one certainly went to its doom
with the deliberate intention of not sur
viving the disaster.
...When Captain McKenzie saw the great
er part -of his passengers in safety on
board the Sausalito after the collision he
thought of the old horse hitched to a ring
in the wall near the left paddle box. He
ran down stairs and entered the lower
-passageway, which was then submerged,
and untied the animal. He attempted to
lead the horse to the rear of the boat,
which was then free from water. The
animal was perfectly calm and appar
ently unmoved by the scenes of excite
ment and panic which were being en
acted on every side. When Captain Mc-
Kenzie sought to guide the horse to a
point where the instinct of self-preserva
tion might prompt it to struggle in its
own behalf the equine refused to stir.
The boat was settling rapidly, and after
one, or two ineffectual attempts to coax
the horse away from danger it was
abandoned to its fate. The last seen of
the animal was when he was struggling
for a firmer foothold in the rush of wa
ters which a moment later engulfed It.
Among the pets on the San Rafael
which are missing is a tabby known as
FlpEsie. W*hen the vessel went down a
passenger In a boat saw a cat swimming
in the water. He drew it into the boat
and it was taken aboard the Sausalito.
The feline appeared to be greatly dis
tressed and went about the Sausalito
mewing plteously. When the ferryboat
drew into the slip Flossie disappeared and
has not been seen since. The cat was
born and raised on the San Rafael, and
the belief is that It Is searching the ship
ping on the front in the hope of finding
its old home and meeting its feline asso
ciates, all of which* perished in the
wreck. '-''U,' , . . •
REMOVAL OF GOVERNOR
MTTRPHY NOT PROBABLE
Arizona, Executive Will Serve the
Balance of His Term Without
Hindrance. t
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 1.— A special to
the Republican from Washington says:
"The fight for the removal of Governor
Murphy seems to be confined to personal
opponents of it in Arizona. No echo of
it Is heard in Washington. . No charges
have been filed, and it is the intention of
the administration to have him serve out
his term. . . •
"Governor Murphy's commission is dat
ed to expire on December 14, 1902, This
commission is held to be an original ap
pointment and has nothing to do with pre
vious commissions or the term of office
of the men who held them. The recent
fight against Murphy is looked upon by
officials here as a closed incident, to " be
revived only in the case of future devel
opments. As the Governor does not de
sire a reappointment, the President will
find some other man. Colonel Brodie prob
ably stands the best chance at the end
of Murphy's term, though the matter is
far from being definitely disposed of."
QUEEN WILHELMINAi'S
AIDE-DE-CAMP WOUNDED
Major Von Tote Badly Injured in a
Duel With the Consort, Prince
Henry.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. l.—The statement
that Queen Wllhelmlna's aid de camp,
Major von Tote, is suffering from peri
tonitis and from the ' effects of a duel
fought with the' consort, Prince Henry,
is confirmed.
The assertion that Queen Wilheiniina's
Tecent illness was caused by a premature
birth is also confirmed.
Protest Against Tariff Bill.
BERLIN; Dec. 1.— The socialistic peti
tion against the tariff bill has; received
nearly 3,500,000 signatures. The Berlin
Polltische Correspondent, which often re
flects the intimate views of the Govern
ment, admits that the friends. of the bill
in the Reichstag have grown pessimistic
as to Its prospects.- Much doubt is. ex
pressed regarding the outcome of this
proposed tarm\ legislation. ■ ' ■•■ ; ■ ■
THE SAN \FRA3SCISCp CALL, MONDAY, -DECEMBER 2, 1901.
CHIEF OFFICER JOHNSON OF THE SAN RAFAEL IS HAULED ABOARD THE SAUSALITo' BY SUPERVISING ENGINEER DENNIS GORMAN JUST
AS THE BOAT SANK FROM SIGHT. JOHNSON WAS THE LAST MAN TO LEAVE THE BOAT, AND BUT FOR HIS T FRIEND'S ASSISTANCE
SAUSALITO RESI DENTS EAG ERLY AWAIT
RETURN OF SAN RAFAEL PASSENGERS
rlany of Those Who Were Supposed to Have Been Lost Put in an
Appearance and Receive a Joyful Welcome.
SAUSALITO, Dec. 1.— Sausalito
awoke this morning still labor
, Ing under the strain of anxiety
endured since the news of ] the
bay disaster reached here. All
■ who were, known to have been
on the sunken ship had not, yet been ac
counted for and the belief that many
firesides were to be rendered cheerless by
the work of the treacherous fog created
a general feeling of suspense. All night
long telegraph and telephone operators
jsat at the posts of duty, deluged by mes
sages of inquiry from both sides of "the
bay. Crowds of anxious people lingered
about to make themselves acquainted
with every particle of. information ob
tainable and many were obliged to wait
for hours. - ■
At daybreak the dense fog commenced
to lift. - It revealed a condition of abso
lute calm on the bay and disclosed to
view several ships that had left San
Francisco ocean-bound, but which had
sought . anchorage, fearful to proceed. At
first It was believed- that some of these
vessels had come in from the ocean and
had lost their bearings In the thick mist,
but small boats that spoke them learned
otherwise. x -V^' '
Passengers Receive Welcome.
About 8:30 the whistle of the ferryboat
Bausalito sounded and a rush was made
for the slip. The Sausalito steamed up
cautiously, displaying- battered woodwork
and a badly smashed rudder as a result
of the collision. Her passengers were be
sieged by the anxious and they were
obliged to «tell all they knew of the dis
aster and of the • missing. From the
time of- the boat's arrival people . com
menced to return to. their homes, relieved
of the terrible mental ' strain they : had
been forced to undergo.. Some of the
supposed lost stepped from' the deck and
were greeted with cries of Joy from those
who sought . them: These spassengers
gave information of others. and brought
9 4^..fr.H»I^*.I"H"l.*.H..H-W" *++'
SELECTS LORD DUDLEY
FOB, VICEROY • OF IBELAND
Lord Cadogan Will Remain in Dublin
V Until Alter the Visit of the" '
'..- ;.;;; King; ;-■;./; /;■..
DUBLIN, Dec. l.-^It is now almost cer
tain that Lord ; Dudley will succeed Lord
Cadogan as Viceroy; of 'Ireland. It. will be
a very popular' appointment. 'This puts
an end to the rumor : that^ the . Duke of
Marlborough would < receive - the post. .It
is said' that the King.: has asked Lord
Cadogan to stay. oniniDublin" until after
his visit with the Queen in April'. next.
As far as The Call correspondent - can
make out at- present ; the following ; ar
rangements have , been "made: ; The King
and Queen and their suite: will be. the
guests, of Lord 'and Lady Cadogan at
Dublin castle for: three- days. ' Afterward
their Majesties will go bna visit to Lord
and Lady . Londonderry- at Mount Stew
art, then to . Barons court as the guests
of -the Duke and Duchess of Abercorn,
and probably to Linsmore castle foria
visit to the Duke and Duchess of Devon
shire, and then back , to the Viceregal
lodge, -Dublin, -for two ; days.* ■ v. -■ -, -
assurances that the loss of life had not
been so terrible as at first supposed.
. Slowly word was received by relatives
and friends and with each message that
gave assurance of safety faces bright
ened. .
It was not until late in the afternoon,
however, that every one except the three
known to have perished had been ac
counted for. About the last of those
who were in the wreck arrived on' the
late afternoon boats.
One who .was given up for lost by his
relatives here until he stepped from the
boat was Hiram R. Bloomer, a landscape
artist, whose studio . Is at 506 Battery
street, San Francisco. .
Patrick Ryan, paying teller, Jn the Hi
bernla Bank, who resides In, the Alta
Mira Villa, was also thought to have
sunk to a watery grave, but came to his
home about noon. ;
- Stories of heroism and adventure were
told and retold at every, hand. Accounts
were given i with more accuracy than
marked those of last night, and a clear
idea of just what happened now prevails.
However, there is little to add to the gen
eral description of the wreck.
Acts of Heroism. .
Among those whose .heroic acts were
not told of until to-day were William
Mersf elder, . G. England and William
Westwater. All . these men remained in
the water,, swimming about and dragging
the struggling passengers to boats or
within the reach of lifelines. The bravery
of William Brown,' a bartender on 'the ill
fated boat, was also recounted.' Brown
remained on board assisting the weaker,
and left with Captain McKenzle and
Mate Johnson. Young Gus Poly, who has
just passed his fourteenth year, tells the
story of Mrs. : Kingsley, who Is reported
missing. ' Poly waited for the lady until
the last moment at the San Francisco
ferry, then went, aboard alone. He is
certain Mrs. . Kingsley was not on the
boat. Some time, ago Charles Kingsley,
WEST AFBICAN MERCHANTS
PUNISHED FOB CRT7ELTY
Heavy Sentences Meted Out to Tlirea
Offenders Who Inhumanely Tor- .
. , ' tured Negroes.
BERLIN, Dec. 1— A private dispatch
received ' from Cameroonsi West Africa,
says ' that a merchant named /Wittenberg
has been 'sentenced , to I five years in the
penitentiary, there -for impaling . a negro
on a ramrod. A merchant named Kelt
nelch has "also been sentenced to three
years in the penitentiary ; for: pouring
petroleum on a negro's hands and then
setting him on fire. Another, merchant
named " Haeslop has been sentenced to
eight in jail for destroying the
eye of a negro chief with a. whip. : .
Train No. 5 Derailed.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1.— Train .; No. 5,
westbound, , ran off the track this morn
ing near.' Truckee; Six cars left ithe
rails. : No one'was injured.' It is sup
posed that ' a broken . rail caused the cars
to leave the - track. Westbound -• trains
were delayed several hours.' ; . .. "
RESCUERS TO THE FORE
MJL S the hours pass since the San Rafael had her side opened
jp\ by the bow of the Sausalito and was sunk in the bay
stories of rescues more or less heroic in character are told by par
ticipants and eye-witnesses. The very nature of the collision end
the circumstances under which the boat .gradually disappeared in
the water precluded the possibility of a great and general heroism
on the part of the survivors. Nevertheless, there were many in
stances'of genuine bravery and from many tongues come stories
of the bravery of both men ah d women. Here and there a help
ing hand was outstretched with the result ihatynqre than one life
was saved, which otherwise would have been lost. It was coolness
and quick action that prevented drowning in many cases. So far
but a single act of great- self -sacrifice is onrecord. ■ While devoid
of spectacular and sensational heroism the small loss of life is in
itself a sufficient testimony of useful labor executed with a sure
hand. The rescuers, and there zvere many of them, did a noble
piece of work. ;■:■■ : .' • : . '
a well-known racing man - and husband
of the lady, died, and since then she has
been subject to spells of melancholy and
expressing indifference as to whatever
fate might befall her. Yesterday she took
her two little children from friends in
Oakland and placed them In Notre Dame
Convent, San Francisco. She was to have
returned here on the San Rafael, but no
message has since been received from her.
A story that a woman answering her de
scription leaped to death from an Oak
land ferry-boat has caused her friends
some anxiety. Young Poly made his es
cape by smashing a window and climbing
to the deck of the Sausalito. /'
Some of the passengers speak of the ut
ter worthlessness of the tule life-pre
servers. In some cases they are said to
have sustained the weight of the strug-
Hng passengers, and in others they/be
came a burden. The fact that plugs had
not been- properly placed in the lifeboats
is also a subject for condemnation. The
first boat that touched the water was
rendered useless and nearly caused the
drowning of Its occupants, and it Is said
that the aperture in ■ another was plug
ged by a sailor's hand. The crews come
in for a goodly share of j praise, how
ever, although most; of the work of life
saving was done by the passengers them
selves. ; * : .
Superintendent E.H. Shoemaker of the
North Pacific Coast line worked all day
and personally supervised the bay traffic
The Sausalito made her landing on time
on most of her trips and the trains ran
according to schedule, so that there was
little interruption to traffic. Captain Mc-
Kenzle of the vessel now deep in the bay
assumed command of the Sausalito dur
ing the day and Captain Tribble remained
in conference with ; the superintendent.
Shoemaker made a statement. He ex
pressed great regret that the accident had
occurred, but placed it in tho ranks of
the inevitable. He is certain of the cau
tion taken by -each captain and holds
neither- responsible. Shoemaker said:
CHINESE RAISING " FUND
TO FIGHT EXCLUSION ACT
Representative of the Six Companies
Is Working Among' His Coun- '
trymen in Pittsburgh
• PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 1.— Chinamen of
-Pittsburg and surrounding towns will
make every effort, to prevent .the enact
ment at the next session of Congress of
the Chinese exclusion act. Que Wong
Leo of San Francisco,' a representative of
the Six Companies, who has been in the
city several days; presided | at a meeting
to-day which was attended by over 400
-Chinese. After the meeting ,a - leading
Chinese said his countrymen In this dis
trict would contribute $20,000 to the cause
In about ten days - meetings . will be held
all over : the , district : by Six Companies
representatives,' with the object of having
every Chinese contribute $2d to the fund
Statuary and Lamps.
<;' We have a select line of * moderate
priced statuary and fine lamps— exclusive
designs and best values in the city. • San
born, f Vall & : Co.", 741 Market street ' * '
"The company always exerts the ut
most caution in the handling of traffic.
Its employes are known for their reliabil
ity and their service has been often tried
in extreme cases. We place the blame on
no person. It was one of these unfor
tunate accidents which might occur at
any time despite the precaution taken to
avert it. I do not think that the public,
knowing the condition of the atmosphere
and the details of the collision, thinks
differently -to us. Both vessels made the
trip from their slips under less. than half
speed, feeling their way along as they
proceeded. The engines .were worked all
the way with a lever. This could not
have been done had the vessels been gor
ing at their accustomed rate of speed.
The lever works the same as the reverse
piston and each stroke represents a revo
lution. V .- ;
"We fix the loss of the San Rafael to
the company at $80,000. She was an' old
boat and about to be refitted with a new
set of engines." ; . >:.; r
F. A. Bobbins, manager of the Paper
Can and Package Can Company, who was
badly bruised about the legs, was brought
home this afternoon in an ambulance
from the Lick House, San Francisco,
where he was taken after the accident.
Robbins' injuries are extremely painful,
but not serious.
The Sausalito on her last trip to-night
arrived about eight minutes late. She
came through a dense fog, described by
the captain as being almost as heavy as
that of last night.
. deorge Treadwell, waiter on the San
Rafael, who perished, has resided in Sau
salito for some time. His wife and son
are at present in San Francisco. From the
last accounts that can be obtained Tread
well was caught in the crash and injured
by splintering timbers. He was hurried
to the upper deck so that, he could make
his escape, but probably went Into the
water and the severity of his injuries pre
vented him from making a struggle for
life. He was 55 years of age. ;-/. ;
BELIEVES TBANSPOBT
S;: -.--WRIGHT MAY . BE SAVED
General Smith Cables for the Aid of a
Powerful Tug and
Divers.
MANILA, Dec! 1.— General Smith has
cabled Quartermaster General Humphrey
that he believes the, United States Army
transport Wright, formerly called the Bay
State, which struck an uncharted rock
last week at the entrance of San Ja
dnto harbor and sank in fifteen feet of
water, may be saved with the aid of a
powerful tug and divers. General Smith
is of the opinion that the- Wright struck
on rocks which had been recently cast up
by a. volcanic disturbance.
Heavy Cotton Shipments;
POUT TOWNSEND, Dec. 1.— The ex
portation of cotton to the Orient by way
of Puget Sound during the past few years
has made a wonderful increase and No
vember has been a record breaker In that
line.. According to the customs house
records here shipments amounted to
14,000 bales of cotton, valued at J800 000
McADAMS
AIDS THE
ENGINEER
RaiiroadEmployeGoes
to His Friend's As
sistance.
Breaks Window Open
and Permits Him
to Escape. ■ »•
Jones of the Ill-Fated
San Rafael Crawls
to Freedom.
JAMES McADAMS, a bollermaker
in the employ of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad Company, was
among the passengers on the Sau
salito Saturday evening. He tells
the following Interesting story of
- v ; / . the rescue of Engineer Jones of
the San Rafael:
"When the collision occurred I was near
the bow of the Sausalito. We struck the
San Rafael on the starboard side, crush
ing in the restaurant. Near this U lo
cated the- room of Engineer Jones, a
•friend of mine. Knowing • that lives
would be lost, and desirous of saving his
if possible, I secured a wooden bar and
broke the window of his room. Immedi
ately thereafter three men climbed
through arid "were assisted on board tho
Sausalito. The fourth man was Jones.
He was injured about the head and bleed
ing freely. ■ I think at least twenty peo
ple made their escape through the broken
window. - -
''Many people Jumped overboard, and I
think some of these were drowned. The
excitement was intense, and the wonder
is that more lives were not lost. It was
an experience I will not forget in a
hurry." ;;:', ",
GIVES HIS LIFE TO SAVE OTHERS
Continued From Page One.
cabin, to direct the excited to safety. Ha
dragged down bundles of life-preservers
and fastened them on passengers and
wherever help was wanted he was found.
Crandall's friends passed him several
times and urged him to board the Sausa
lito. All of them saw him for the last
time engaged in his mission of mercy and
left him when their protestations and en
treaties failed. To all who warned him
to care for his own safety and escape
while there was still time, Crandall made
the same reply. He was determined to re
main until there was no further use for
his assistance. Lower and lower the port
side of the San Rafael dipped in the water
as the flood poured In through the crap- 1
ln£' -break half plugged by the SansalitO's
boW"' " • v ■ ' ' *"■
SS Remained Until Boats Parted.
B»t Crandall stayed, and when a watery
gap Intervened between the ! two vessels
on account of the dipping position of one,
•he ' passed the belated passengers to a
gang plank. The last of the survivors saw
him -still at work on the steamer. All
they knew ■ afterward was that' he was
not .aboard the Sausalito when she came
to San Francisco and when he did not re
port to This home in this city the belief
that he was lost grew stronger.
All morning word from the missing man
was eagerly awaited at the Crandall home.
His relatives seemed loth to abandon,
hope until the news of the finding of his
body was received. The people of Sausa
lito, where he is favorably known add
highly respected, shared the same anxiety
and the verification that he was among
the list' of victims of the disaster spread
a shadow of gloom over the little town.
Coroner Eden left. San Rafael as soon
as the discovery of the remains was re
ported to him. He visited the place where
the body was discovered and, placing It
aboard a launch, steamed for Tlburon
ferry. From there the body was shipped
to San Rafael, where an Inquest will be
held. •
Leaves Wife, Daughter and Brother.
Crandall was about 55 years of age. Hi3
wife and daughter,. Mrs. Thomas Mil.
ton of San Francisco, survive him. His
brother, George B. Crandall, Is connected
with Wells, Fargo & Co.
The deceased had held the position with;
the syrup company for a number of years
and was an old and tried employe. His
reputation In social and domestic life was
the same as In business, sterling, honest
and humane.
Arrangements for the funeral have not
yet been made.
McCue Hay Lose His Ear.
James McCue, the Corte Madera horse
man who was injured in the bay collision
Saturday night, is still confined to bis
cot in the Emergency Hospital with a
broken arm and rib and lacerated ear.
There is danger that McCue will lose his
ear, as symptoms of gangrene have de
veloped. Should they become more pro
nounced amputation of the aural appen
dage must ensue.
Mrs. E. Spencer of San Rafael, a sur
vivor of the disaster, who was treated
at the hospital for submersion, left the
Institution for her home yesterday, none
the worse for her exciting experience
Upon leaving she thanked the attendants
for their efforts in her behalf.
Guard at McKinley Vault Reduced.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The detach
ment of troops assigned to the duty of
guarding the vault containing the v re-ll
.mains of the late President McKinley In*
the West Lawn cemetery. Canton 'o
has been reduced to .five non-commis
sioned officers and forty privates, under
command of Lieutenant William Ash
bridge, Thirteenth Infantry.
The remainder of the guard has been
sent to the post at Fort Wayne. Mich..
Patent Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S^od
Regular (graduate and expert. on EAR NO<5T'
THROAT and LUNG DIS3USES,
204 Sniter Mnet, NW. Co i; of Kearay
Hours, 9-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and J-8 p. m ' \
FREE «gSiS£ B t &,°£«sr
once or write for free treitmeat.RESCUE COMES TO ONE, DEATH TO ANOTHER
CHARLES HILL CARRIED BY TIDE
AS FAR AS GATE, THEN RESCUED
After Four Hours in the Water He Is Saved by a Fish
erman Who Hears His Cries.
BATTLING for four hours against
a strong tide and finally picked
up more dead than alive by a
fisherman who had been attract
ed by the cries of the wrecked
— ■" man, was the thrilling experience*
of Charles HI1L a metal bed
maker, living at 744 Post street, who went
down with the ill-fated San Rafael Satur
day nieht-
Hill is suffering severely from the 'ef
fects of submersion and exposure. He Is
being cared 'for by friends, and they, with
the assistance of a physician, are hope
ful of averting evil results In his case.
It is doubtful if any of the survivors of
the disaster had bo thrilling an experience
as that which fell to the lot of Hill. That
he was heard from again is little short
of miraculous. .
"I was on thfe upper deck of the San
Rafael when the crash came," said he
last night. f*I could see the Sausalito
looming uj> In the fog and when I heard
the shouts of men and screaming of wo
men and children I realized that the situ
ation was one of extreme peril. My first
thought -was of the little children who
came crowding upon the deck. The men
ran for life-preservers, and when a num
ber had been secured, I began to strap
them upon the children and women-
Springs Into the Bay.
"In ten minutes most of those I had
assisted in this way were safe aboard the
Eausalito. By this time I found myself
practically alone on the deck of the San
Rafael. She had sunk considerably, with
the bow down. I felt a sickening lurch
and, believing she was about to make her
TENNIS PLAYERS
MEET IN DOUBLES
Weihe and Grant Smith
Defeat Collier and
Crowell.
Harry Weihe and Grant Smith carried
off the honors In the scratch doubles
tournament held yesterday on the courts
of the California Tennis Club. Eight
teams entered and some high-class tennis
\ was brought out.
In the preliminary round four matches
were played. The first was between Fred
Erown and Homer Parker and Carl Gard
ner and Will Allen. The former team won
in straight sets. 6-3, €-3. Harry Weihe and
Grant Smith beat James Code and Chet
Smith. 6-3. 6-2. The winners had little
difficulty in disposing of the losers. In a
one-sided contest Harold Crowell and W.
B Collier idefeated Al Kenyon and Archie
Duncan. 6-0, 6-L The Wood brothers. Ben
and Leonard, surprised everybody by
beati»-<? Charles Kuehn and John Gibson,
4-« 6*, 6-4.
In the first round Smith and Weihe beat
Brown and Parker, 6-3. 6-3. The winners
were strong at the net and by fast volley
ing won out. In the other match of this
round Collier and Crowell were opposed
to the Wood brothers. . The former were
much too strong for the latter and won
in Btraight sets. 6-1. 6-2. Leonard Wood
played an exceptionally good game In this
catch.
This brought Collier and Crowell and
Smith and Weihe together in the finals
and the best match of the day resulted
After losing the first game Smith and
Weihe played some brilliant tennis at the
net and won the next six games, the set
going to them, 6-L
In the second set Collier and Crowell
.took kindly to the short lobs of Smith
JLand Weihe and won handily. 6-3. The last
7i*t was close and. although the winners
/ed all the way. they were hard pressed
by Collier and Crowell, who made a game
fight. The last set went to Smith and
Weflie. Their complete score was 6-1, 3-6,
7-5. Weihe had not olayed for several
last plunge, I sprang into the water from
the port rail, crying loudly for help.
"There were several people swimming
about, but In my endeavor to reach the
boats of the Sausalito I lost track of the
swimmers. I do not recall if any of them
sank in my vicinity, although that was
quite possible. I found myself in the grip
of a strong tide, which was bearing me
away from my rescuers. I felt that if I
was borne away from the scene of the
wreck I was lost, although I was well sup
ported by my life-preserver. I was suffer
ing from the cold and my limbs seemed to
become paralyzed. All I could do was to
lie still yd yell for help, which never
came. Ifheard shouting, but as I was
borne away into the fog by the tide these
cries became more and more still, until at
length I could hear nothing but the wash
of the waters about me. I did not know
where I was, and I gave myself up for
lost. Still I struggled for life, because the
instinct of self-preservation is strong in
months, but did not appear to have gone
back in his game.
There will be a meeting of the board
of directors of the California Tennis Club
this evening, when many important mat
ters wlli-be settled.
No tournament was held on the park
courts yesterday, but many players were
in attendance throughout the day.
THIEVES KNOCK DOWN
AND BOB HENRY LOBENZ
Two Men Captured and Held on Sus
picion of Having Committed
the Crime.
Henry Lorenz, 7JS Green street, was
knocked down and/ robbed on Powell
street while crossing O'Farrell about 3
o'clock yesterday morning. Policeman
Braig heard him groan and saw three
men running across Powell street. He
gave chase and followed one of them
down Stockton. The fugitive ran into the
arms of Policeman Robl. The man gave
the name of John Murphy. Policeman
Sylvester about the same time stopped a
man who was running along O'Farrell
street, who gave the name of J. McCon
ley.
The officers with their prisoners re
turned to the O'Farrell-street crossing and
found Lorenz lying on the ground. He
soon recovered consciousness and said he
had been struck from behind. He had
been drinking and was on his way home.
His gold chain and locket and about $2
which he had in his' pocket had been
stolen, but his silver watch was in his
vest pocket. He was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where a contusion on
his chin was dressed. Murphy and Mc-
Conley were locked up in the "tanks"
pending an investigation.
Nothing was found on McConley when
searched at the City Prison; but Murphy
had $1 C3 and a room. key in' his pockets.
"Wanted in Vallejo.
Joseph Vernettl, a saloon-keeper, was
arrested on Pacific street yesterday after
noon by Policeman J. B. Collins and
locked up In the City Prison. He ts
wanted in Vallejo on the felony charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses,
the complaining witness being Francisco
Logomarsino.
American Library in Borne.
ROME, Dec. 1.— The establishment in
Rome of an American library has been
ordered by royal decree. The library will
contain all publications relating to the
new world since its discovery.
THE SAN FRANCISCa CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2'| 1901.
THREE RESCUERS WHO WORKED
WITH A WILL WHEN THE SAN
RAFAEL WENT DOWN.
a young man like me who has everything
to live for.
"Every moment or two I fancied I -was
being followed by a boat and I would cry
lustily for help: The white-crested waves
seemed to laugh fc at my feeble efforts and
I could almost fancy them saying they
had me this time for a certain 1 ty. Then
I made up my mind to fool them, if that
was possible, and I shouted all the louder.
"It was dark as a pocket around me.
Except- for a whistle now and then cut
ting hoars'ely through the fog and the
swish of- whirling: waters about, no
sounds reached me. Once I fancied that I
could make out a light near me and I grew
hopeful, but It was a prank of my imag
ination. I began to give up hope after
an hour or so, and -despair' crept into my
soul. Then my fancy took me back to the
scenes of my childhood, filled with the
romance of childish joys and the recol
lection of a devoted mother's love. Then
my fancies would change and I thought
myself lying upon a slab at the Morgue.
Last Cry of Despair Is Heard.
' "This sort of thing filledCme with a ter
ror I hope never to experience again.
The chill of approaching death gripped
me, and despairingly I shouted once more.
It was this cry which was heard and to
which I owe my rescue from death.
"In answer to my cries came a call
near me in the fog. I felt as if I were
dreaming, but when I shouted again, the
answering hail struck my ear like the
strains of divine music I thought I was
dreaming, when I felt myself clutched by
the collar and dragged into a boat. Com
pletely exhausted I lay on my back con
scious of only one fact, that the neces
sity for struggling to keep my head above
water no longer existed. A man leaned
over me and gave me whisky to drink.
After a time my rescuer told me his
name was Cuneo and that he was return
ing from his fishing grounds i when he
beard my shouts and came to my assist
ance. I was then " in the gate making
double-quick time for the Farallones.
Juneo took me to his house on Lombard
street and this morning I was taken to
my residence. I learned that I was in
the water four hours— it seemed a hun
dred to me. I have had adventures in my
time, but none. is comparable to this. I
hope I will never experience a similar
one." - '• ,
Hill is a bright young man and much
respected by all who know him. He're
ceived the congratulations of his friends
yesterday, to all of whom he 'was com
pelled to repeat the story narrated here.
FIGHTERS TURN
ON PEACEMAKER
Stab the Proprietor of a
»Saloon in San
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 1.— Frank Mabury,
proprietor of the Maine saloon, on North
Market street, was stabbed in the neck
at 4:30 o'clock this morning, while acting
as peacemaker in a row between drunk
en employes of the Norris and Rowe
Trained Animal Show. Frank "Woods and
two others were in the saloon when
"Slim" Aldrich, Herbert Romley and C.
W. Race, all attaches of the show, en
tered. The last three had had trouble
with Woods and they renewed the quar
rel. Aldrich and Race drew razors and
attacked Woods, who was fighting the
three men. Woods was cut on the siUe
of the head and neck, but not seriously.
Mabury went to the wounded man's cd
and tried to rescue Woods and quell tne
disturbance. Aldrich and Race attacked
him and he received a bad cut about four
inches long in the neck. It just grazed
the ' great artery and required six
stitches.
Race, Aldrich and Romley have been
arrested. Mabury's wound is painrul, but
not serious.
Had Variety of Eatables in Pockets.
An unknown . woman apparently be
tween 50 and 55 years of age, was found
In a dying condition ' last night at the
corner of Ellis and Jones streets, and was
started for the Receiving Hospital. She
died before reaching there and her body
was sent to the Morgue. When her cloth
ing was searched a queer collection of
eatables was found in several deep pock
ets on the inside of her dress In one
was part of a cooked chicken, in another
a dozen eggs, in a third a loaf of bread
and in , the fourth the cover of a milk
can. Her death is supposed to have been
due to efUural causes.
McADIE
EXPLAINS
TULE FOG
Unique Vapors Appear
5 All Over Pacific
Coast.
Hang Like a Blanket
Over the Sea arid
% Land.
Mariners Should Take
Warning of the <
Danger. -
THE unusual density of the fog
of Saturday evening, in -which
the San Rafael was sent to the
bottom of the bay, was the sub
ject of considerable speculation
yesterday. Old residents declared
that the like of the fog had never
been seen by. them in California before,
and in some respects this was true. The
fog was what is known as a tule, , or
ground fog, and while it is a purely local
meteorological phenomenon it often
reaches a thickness of from 100 to 500
feet and extends over a vast territory.
Alexander G. McAdle, forecast official
of the. Weather Bureau, who is an ex
pert on the subject of fogs, gave a scl
tenific explanation of the dense one .• of
Saturday night to a Call reporter yester
day. He said he had watched its com
ing with interest, and early on Saturday
realized that it would be of a character
full of menace to shipping on the bay.
Bulletins were accordingly issued to that
effect. Resuming, he said:
"The fog was an unusually thick' one,
and extended from this city to Red Bluff,
Sacramento, Fresno and Santa Barbara.
It was about 100 feet thick. , It was a
tule fog, formed. by the condensation of
water vapor in the lower level of the am
This moist>ir, in coming in contact with
a slow-movir.g current of cold air, was
condensed, thereby producing . a fog
through which it was difficult if not im
possible to distinguish objects twenty feet
away. The primary cause of the fogwai
an area of high pressure over Nevada.
This pressure was- blocked in that section,
and when it .began to move it moved
very slowly toward the coast. "When it
reached this section the fog . resulted.
- "Indications received to-day . tend • to
show that the stagnation in the air cur
culation is breaking and that there will
be no fog after .to-morrow. The chances
of rain within the next twenty-four hours
are excellent. There was no fog at Point
Reyes or on Mount Tamalpals yesterday.
If any one had got into a balloon at
5 o'clock yesterday afternoon he would
have been suspended at 500 feet elevation
over a fog blanket above which the sun
was shining ! brilliantly. "If the ferry
boats on the bay were provided with
masts seventy-flve feet high the chances
are that a lookout thereon would be well
above the fog and well able to distinguish
the proximity of vessels with equally high
masts. I have seen several fogs as thick
as that of Saturday* night during my res
idence here, but fortunately nothing oc
curred to make them memorable. We may
expect them at any time, and particularly
in January, which will prove to be the
most dangerous month by reason of their
presence for the shipping on the bay."
EAGAN CAUSES
GREAT DAMAGE
Invades Castle on Sum
mit of Telegraph
: Hill.
Mortimer Eagan created quite an ex
citement about 11 o'clock last night in the
observatory building on the crest of Tel
egraph Hill, which is at present in charge
of Emile Vincent and his wife. The build
ing was formerly occupied as a boarding
house for men employed by a contract
ing firm. .• ■
Vincent was Asent last night when
Eagan made his appearance at the ob
servatory. He knocked at the front door
but was denied admittance. He then went
around to the rear, found a window that
was - unfastened, and crawled in. He
went into the room occupied by Mrs.
Vincent and proceeded to demolish every
thing in sight.
Eagan cut pictures from their frames,
overturned tables, and generally de
stroyed the furniture. Mrs. Vincent
screamed and attracted the attention of
some of the neighbors, who notified the
police. Eagan saw a shotgun in a corner
and seizing it, pointed It at Mrs. Vincent
and commanded her to keep quiet. Mrs.
Vincent promptly did so by falling in a
taint.
When Policemen Silver and Gould re
sponded to the call for help they found
that Eagan, shotgun in hand, had barri
caded himself in the building and was
prepared to resist all intrusion. As it wag
Impossible to get in at the front part of
the building, the police went around to
the rear and finding an open door, rushed
in and captured Eagan before he had
time to realizeuhat his new-found strong
hold had been carried by assault.
The officers secured the shotgun after a
short resistance and. handcuffed him. They
left Mrs. Vincent, who was gradually re
covering from her fright, in care of her
neighbors and cent Eagan to the City
Prison, where he was charged with dld
turbing the peace. Other charges may be
preferred against him to-day.
Trapp Has Disappeared.
The disappearance of Edwin Trapp,
sometimes called Trlpp, a lather, was re
ported to the police yesterday by his
wife, who is living, with her friends at
3323 Twenty-third street. Trapp left his
home, 206 Polk street, about six weeks
ago to work near Napa. Since then he
has not been heard of and his wife has
learned that he never reached his desti
nation. She fears foul . play, as. she Is
sure he -would have communicated with
her if ho were alive. He is 36 years of
age. y \
Order Fighting Stopped.
. Placards were posted late last night
throughout Chinatown by order of the Six
Companies calling upon all Chinese tongs
to cease fighting and-«dvising them if
they had any differences to settle to call
upon them. It is thought by the police
and those conversant with the feeling In
Chinatown that but little attenion will be
paid to these notices. An additional force
of officers was again sent into Chinatown
last nisht. .
Pictures and Frames.
We have 'all the new things in pictures
and frames for the holiday trade now on
exhibition and sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. . •
PARENTS OF CYRUS A. WALLER
FEEL SURE THEIR BOY IS DEAD
Mind of Mother Is Overcome by Grief and Physicians
Pronounce Her Condition Very Grave.
THE news of the wreck of the San
Rafael caused the most intense
excitement at Mill Valley. Fully
forty residents of the little town
were known to have been aboard
the sunken vessel, and friends and
¦ relatives of the passengers who
were not immediately accounted for went
nearly wild with anxiety. As those who
had escaped returned they were met at
the station by almost the whole popula
tion of the village and besieged with ques
tions. Most of those who were expected
to arrive on the San Rafael were ac
counted for Saturday night, but several
were not heard from until yesterday. Late
last night it was finally decided by the
townspeople that no one from the Valley
had been lost.
Miss ; I.".. Diffenbach,. Miss Sallle Boyle
and Frank Loyez were those for whom
the greatest concern was felt, but all
three were found to have been rescued,
although the last named had a very nar
row escape. He stayed aboard the doomed
vessel . until the water reached to his
knees. ' A rope was at last flung to him,
and he had just time to wind it about
his arm when the San Rafael sank. He
was dragged aboard the Sausalito in an
almost unconscious condition as, a result
of having been battered with some of the
loose, wreckage. His right arm and side
were quite seriously injured, but he was
able to be removed to Mill Valley last
night.
Mrs. A. R. Tuckey and infant daughter
were reported among the ' drowned and
the most diligent Inquiry revealed no
trace of their whereabouts. It was
learned yesterday, however, by the half
crazed husband that they had been taker
from the water and were at the home of
a relative in this city. Mr. Tuckey camo
to San Francisco and found them both
alive and well, except that the "wife was
You would usually pay about $12.50 for a suit or overcoat as good as these. You ask
wliy is our price so low, and you wonder if we have sacrificed workmanship or trimming. Our
answer can be summed in a few wr^ds. The reasonableness of the prices and the superioriry of
the goods are due to the privile^s we enjoy in our manufacturing facilities. We buy the
cloth direct from the mill and make the clothes ourselves — make them in great quantities for
our two large retail stores in New York and San Francisco, and for our wholesale trades. The.
saving does r&t come in the workmanship or the materials, but in the selling to you direct,
thus saving what ordinarily goes to a middleman; and there is a saving, too, in making
clothes in immense quantities. Isn't it perfectly plain to you that we sell clothes at fully 25
per cent less than merchants who must buy through middlemen?
Furthermore, for your protection every suit or overcoat is guaranteed and money-
backed. Here are mentioned two of our many values: - ''■ ,'■*"..
Suits Overcoats
Made of serges, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds in Made of black, or oxford gray cheviots, blue
solid colors and fancy patterns; all wool; fast col- kerseys and tan coverts; swell, stylish coat3*; well
ored; our price, V'v'j made and fashionably cut; our price,
$9.00 $9.00
Sale of Youths' Suits at $7. 10
Our boys' and youths' immense department on. the sec-
gF^\ ond floor is worthy of the attention of every mother— she dfi*\
i»^*v ought to know about our big stock and about the low 1^.01'
> *^7 prices at which it is sold. C -U- \
/ T^ e P r i ces are reduced on these ypuths' suit3 with \^v
/SiTOlt^^W. e intention of attracting mothers, and in fact the young
Ami Wwm&WK ' men themselves. The suits are tweeds and cheviots in
>lif|f WJHPI single and double bre , asted st y les: a^ es P to J 9 /ears; AM^Mffim
Mmi\ 11111411 the values are $ro to the sale price : - -i«KRl^^f^ ■
Elegant assortment of gQJf and yacht caps for 2,'c. WPj! I j '^^
sim^^vSm^ Boys' fedora hats in the popular colors, OOc. iSl) i !
**wlWfflli'a Shirt waists for boys, with separate belt, known a3 t*^^*?5?g
BS ill "Mothers' Friend" belt; ages 4 to 12; special for 20c. v"fHS?l9
|wW Iff Boys' sweaters in all shades; ages 4 to 12; extra value at V^r^'Jiw
ll: a |l|j Out-of-town orders filled — write us. vMiri
M I US Would you like a copy of our illustrated catalogue, iPiiW
ill-' (H "What. to Wear"? ' Iffli
' ■■.' ■■■,'■■•:•:■- - . ' '>!'■- '• ' -_ '
suffering from the night and chill attend
ant upon her fall into the bay. Miss
Diffenbach and Miss Boyle passed from
the San Rafael to the Sausalito when the
boats were close together.
Mother's Hind Gives Way.
All hope for the safety of their five
year-old son Cyrus A. Waller, has been
abandoned. by his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Waller of Ross Valley, and the
mother's mind has been seriously affected.
Mrs. Waller, her daughter Ruth and little
son ' Cyrus were passengers on the San
Rafael. Mrs. Waller and her daughter
were saved, but little Cyrus was evidently
swept overboard.
For a time there was a belief that the
five-year-old boy picked up by W. A.
Beedy, Miss Fannie Shoobert and Mrs.
Olive Hamilton was the missing child. All
night long the father and mother lived in
hope that it might be. Mrs. Hamilton took
charge of the little one who was so
strangely thrown upon her hands, and so
soon as possible took him to her Sausalito
home.
Last Hope Dispelled.
Bright - t and early yesterday morning
Waller started out on his search, and
finally located Mrs. Hamilton. He was
shown the clothing worn by the lad and
at once said it was not that of his son. At
last the search was abandoned and the
dread news was brokeh to the distracted
mother.
Overcome by the excitement of the pre
vious night and distracted at the lack of
news of her missing son Mrs. Waller was
in a state of nervous collapse all day. But
when came the dread news that no fur
ther tidings could be obtained her over
wrought brain gave way and a state of
delirium ensued. Medical aid was sum
moned, and not until powerful oplafes
had been administered did relief come to
her. Notwithstanding the promptness
with. which treatment was given her the
attending physicians deem her situation
very grave. T V ;
Every effort Is being made by the father
to recover the body, and in order to stim
ulate the search he has offered a reward
of $25. The boy .was dressed In a navy
blue sailor suit, trimmed with white
braid, and wore black shoes and stcck
ings. The child was of light complexion,
with light hair, trimmed short.
Charles "Waller, the father. Is employed
as a janitor In the Hlbernia Bank. Mrs.
Waller is at present with her parents cu
Kentucky street, It not being deemed ad
visable to leave her alone In Ross Valley.
ERIZZOLABA EECOVERS
HIS "USUAL STRENGTH
Simply Overtaxes His Strength and
a Night's Best Restores Him to.
Normal Condition.
Angelo Brizzolara, who did such gal
lant rescue work in the Sausalito Just
after the collision, and was finally pros
trated, was sufficiently recovered yester
day to visit his home In San Rafael. Dr.
Sartorl, who was called upon to attend
him, found that the excitement had af
fected his heart and prescribed rest and
quiet for a few days. Brizzolara was put
to bed in his brother's house and after a
night's rest felt but little the worse, for
his efforts.
Brizzolara' s father was killed In an ac
cident on the San Joaquin River on the.
night of November 26. 1838, the Saturday
following Thanksgiving day. Brizzolara
Sr. was severely scalded by the explosion
of one of the boilers of the T. C. Walker,
on which he was a passenger, and died
two days later. Thanksgiving day of
this year was the anniversary of hl«
death. /
34
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
City cf Mexico. November 28. 1901.
No. Prize. JXo. Prize. I No. Trite.
10 20| 16 40| 33........ 2J
137 10000! 230 ;u| 2S7 20
ti3 2d\ L-S7 2>W SCO 41
COS 20J C20 40] 700 £0
707 2*J| 723 20] *21 *<>
ii'i........ 2>i| SIC?! ....... h S61 1W
145 491 1505 20 1 1726 23
IS10... 1 . au 1SSU 40| 19S6 .-.. -9
SWSA 40| 2024 4«| 2026 21
2i)| 2502 3 00 j 2547 «9
36H 4.11 2619 300) 2646 40
-«It; 20| 3045 -4UJ 3455 40
S4S2 4U| 34t)S 40| S.-|68 SW
■J>:& 2U| 3610 40| S725 2>
4ia mi ms... *o\ tm V)
427i 20| 4w; an 4«5» 10)
«i«3 Si 4%2 'M SUS6 2)
ClSa 20| 5278 4U| 52S2 1W
-7«o 20J-BtS5 4015541 2J
&i8« 3W .1718 l(K)j 5737 23
;*J1S 100 590<l i'H 594S 20
r,j4ji 20 5?8" 20j C034 <>
»> C1SS 40J 6261 20
• «25 4'J 64SS 20| 65S5 20
O660 100-J 7C48 401 7051 2J
71^3 20 732S 20| 734J 21
736S 100 73S2 401 766S 2)
7736 1<M| 7810 40| 7830 M
TS39 20! 7913 «| 7?26 20;
7830 20 7952 20 8902 .20
bOU 40' 8096 20 8229 40
8265 40 K31C 20 S446 23
t.592 20 SS13 20 9C96 20 i
HT54 20 P218 20 9277 H
<)437 20 94SG 40 S543 *0
116S6 20 9714 100 f?69 2<t
10C05 20110041 20|1006i> 2-i
10096 4010212 2M|10233 40
10355 20 10417 40|10449 *>
104S4 100110946 40J10966 40.
:09S7 lOOJUOSl 3O0illl57 20
11208 2O'll212 40 1122S 2')
13S39 lOOill&SS 20 11641 2)
116S2 4KJ118S5 40 12017 MS
12032 20112137 28 12247 23
122S1 401122*7 40 12295 103
12341 40 12399 20 12407 20
12409 40 11422 40 j 12.18.4 21
12597 20I12663 40 12827 2);
12S87 4GJ1294S 40 129C5 20.
13S26 40 13365 100 1S423 40'
13892 20113903 20 13911 «
1SS3S 100 13965 40 14021 100!
14162 20114176 40 14250 4J
144SS 20114565 2014587 100,
14602 40 14606 40 14729 20
14S62 40 14932 20 14944 20
15026 3U15161 40 13JS9 £3
15364........ 20 15326 20 15372 4')
15684 20 15816 20 15957. *'i ■
16034 20 1&D5S 20 16242 2J
16347 20;i6G37 40 16670 100
16S79 40jie973 20 17070... 20
17229 IOQ'17317 40 17347 20
17504.. ' 40 17513 20 17530 20
17559 100 17631 20 17807 40,
17SJ9 40 17875 20 18162 20
1S3S4 V)\m% 200 18446 20
1M74 40 18523 40 1SS71 200
1SS72 4oll8949 20 19079 2)
19142 40J19SS9 100 1940S 4)
194S3 40 19556 100 18574 COO
19C55 40 19677 20 19832 20
19SS4 40 20041 .'. 2ft 20115 20
• «>03£4 20 20366 "20 20130 2rt
20435 20 20530 100 20659 89
20659 100 20844 20 20868 43
20976 2O;209S7 40 21048 2)
21CS2 20i21140 20 21142 40
£ U 77 - 200;:i22S 20!21467 20
T>09 .... 40 21707 2 1 )|2189S 2*)
HMlIK. . 20'220S7 40J2209S 20
.... 20!22177 20 22183 2J
aaa": 100122701 2022941 2:;
23U77 C0 l W0i2C239 20 23253 2)
-3298 20|233S5 40 23405 41
23432........ 20)23453 20 2359S 3D
37 9;1 40!23901 20I24008 40
"4010 .... 2(lO'24Cr.2........ 40124080 40
««59 - 2.1124206 20J24304 40
-BO 20:24442 20 24515 2J
24714 2CI24783 100|
<.-,0C5 40'250R5 4012.VKS 10
25175];;;.... 20125ns 20!2:.217 4'}
•o- >fi j,o 4012577? 20125899 40
-59t>s;;;;.... 20120128 20:20244 m
«S-!7-> 40I263S5 40126551 20 |
o 6 377 20I2C997 20J27OS1 20
»7iC7 20'27200 100:27358 20 |
27. : »-.!>;;;;;... 20:27641 2oi276ss 201
2JSJS 40'27SS8 1OO!2S1SS 100 |
2F26S 100-2S3M 40J2S4C3 20
2Sr,ll 20I2S526 r.00:2ST.46 1M
25SC06 40I2S61* 100I2S749 2» :
2S7C6 10128798 1C012S925... 20 1
??14-, (0123168 40129424 ,. 20 J
£2611 2O!2»CS1 20;29725 1C0
«>!-<> 40'29S97 2013GCS0 100
3CJS4. 40130449 20130563 20
T,n<<S 200151450 40131615 40
:.1O3 2O'J1704 40:S1816 20
tO3i.£ 20;32183 40132242 20 1
rj;43 ' 20122234 20132393 40 |
Z*i(£ 20132412 20IH247H . 20 1
S2T>« 1O0I3271S r'OlSl'7.16 20
32SS1 20|32993 40133004 20
r»08 £0133035 4H,33119 2<)
3-2:4 20)33290 20J33319 20
SS455 40133505 2*133533 20
23C10 2«J SC730 20133744 20 i
S3373 40i34C79 20134134 500 1
. 34141 4C1341M 100|34225 20 |
S4310_ 100 34350 20134379.., , 20 j
34457 20:34:07 40134564 20)
S4637 100I34C57 40134633.- 2U '
JJ712 40134934 1OOI3494S 40
24S68 500:34984 40133047.... 20 |
8MEJ 20135219 20135240 ' 4)
SI21S 20 35325 20135334 40
K446 20J35458 20135473... 20'
S5719 20135722 20135774 ■ 20
2T.777 40135S58 '20135023. ....'.... 40
S5S37 S00135964 201360S4 40
86415 20136521....- 40136557 200
36650 40'JCSOO....:...- 40136S19.:...'... 20
S6SC3 2013CS99.. 40137046 20
3717-3 20137181 100137220 " 20
87277 40 372S1 ; 20137411 40
274S6 100137371 ' 100137574 . 20
27617 20I37CS8 40137741 200 j
S7SS0 1001379SO 40138376 20
S85CS 4038640 401SS741 • 20
SS78S 203S834 2O13S016 20
S314S 20,38200 2013SSS6 2»
39480 40J39946 M»fi!4f>041 20
40186 20'4C270 40140346 • 20
4QS84 2O0'4O4Cl 20140403 20
40671 1O0J40777 40J40S36. 20
40S34 ' 204U10. 20[41330,... it .. 40
4123S -. 100141424 20141440 „. 40
4U22 20|41596 20 41602.. -20
41793 .*. ' 40J420M. ....... 40 42148. :..>.... 20
42178 20j42235 20 42271 40
42411 40142438 20 42540 40
425S4.. 40142665 100
42SS0.. 20142761......^ 10042842... 1Q0 j
42864 20H2945 .'. 20142979 40
43856 ; 20143065 40143135 20
43S43 ; 40 43475 40143585 40
43645 100143793 40144143 20
44438 20144440 40144441 20
44577 4044609 2044C33........ 20
■44934 20 44983 40145068 20
45U1 2045114 40|45150 20
45SB 20i45406........ 20,145575 : 40
45636 20 45724........ 20 45903 200
45J24 40'46112 40146332 40
4647J 20'4fiS19 40146587 100
46M6 100147029 20)47162 20
47166 5*47198 100147235 20
4735g aOO!47378 ,.. J0I47C37 20
47467 4047745 20147768 20
47844 20147883 20148102 20
4*178 20148204 20 48236 20
4S343 40(48247 100 48323 40
4SS51.. 40148486 20 48596 200
4SW2.. 40'49C27 40 49125........ 10C
49804 20'49415 20 49421 40
45443........ 40143561 201495S0 100
4S704 201
r,P203. ....... 40I5060S 20'50G25 40
H0S27 2015OK59 20;509J6 10C
ECM4 4050986 40151065 20
510R2.. 200(51096 20 51136.. i..*.. ' 20
M431., 201F.U21 40151581 20
E1S42.; 20,51667.... 20 51787. f..*.V. 100
K1S17.; 401C2041 .2a;32057 . ISO
.'2149.:.. .""... 20 52150 40152423 20
r,2492 20T.2C27 10052689...:.... 20
r.?»S.: W0152977 40153035........ 20
r.3161.: 190532J4....:... 20153279, 100.
"3J03 201533.11 20153383.....'.".. 20'
r.3420.; 20 53434 40153085 2*
.'3S25.:....\. 20IM272-. ... 500154313. ... 20
54350.; 20 ! 54483 20154497 100
r-4613 2015478?. 2054993 40
B304J 20155075 40155131 " " 2tf
.'5435 20'535t» 20'.'.5725 40
"772.: 40 55793 2055853 40
rcUS........ 4":5C147 40156178 JO
r-<:iR> 4015C228 •.. 20156341....;... 20
r<371., ...... W5C476 40156585:....... M
■ IKM.: MLVWl 1000156892. .:;....-' '40
"»7G 70137210 20!572?a 20
:7SW 20157345 20:.'7372 4*1
."74*-? 4O'."BO1 20157644 20
"~«5 ?0!57&lR 40'57R23..: 20
"«■?» 2fl'-37S68 2.«!57R77 40
"921 , *O57»24 20I57S32.. .. :>0
"Wi •... JOISSMH 401581*7 2C
'SIM 40l.'S271 20158442 ..' 20
" R 4K7 10nT,K.-.6S 20M8600 20
W>7T4.. 2058728 20158777........ 40
Tf991 20:."9014 20IS9O42 20
t9f* 1OOSS2S4 4OI5SJ42.. "" m
r'«71 4OT9395.. < 40159490 2>»
■%.'.?. 2ft'."9706 ?fl!5974R "0
'SS(i9 <0Ti99S5 20'601."2 " ' 20
r n»ni 201G0310 20!C0406 '." <*l
W1.-.77 40'fiOC37 2<i'6OC67 " ?,
r*707 20lfi0S41 4060904 '•* «>0'>
cr.M jooifiiift 20!«nr.7 ■■'"■■ ~ on
<".i?7P 4n'«co« *>'6i<am"'. 5n
CtTTX WS177S 20ICJSK6. "' 20
<-2072 2O'62M4 40IC2150..'. inn
<"-SM 40lfi232J WOW.-,... " V I
C1M 2TC24K4 ?«!<2592.... '" • 40 i
40'>(379S 20*29nG... " 20
crxtt P0IC1S5 2n'f.31S9... '"■ .n
c»27R ;. rn'raau 40iex-,2i... "" icco
fiT7<7 W6WUS 20;63Sfi» '" 20
O0S9 20R41W 1OOI641SK....;;" 40
f.4220 100;fi42OS 20164314.... 40
f<443.. 40;fi4ST.J lOOifiCM fc"0
fif.41 40IB470K 1001647M ?0
rtsrs *o'«u<r.R inousoss «>no
<SW7 VI'GZttXi 40!«K137 "50
r-iS9 ?OI«-254 2ORSS04 ?f>
T-.544 20!«X-»l 2O'C5CS4......... j«
«xinn ?ft'fifi120 IOM'66127... 4%
«19R ?n'<Wrffll 20ifi6402 4.1
cans 2fl'<w!'*s.. ...... iooifi7O4fi 20
fTWS.. 40'672*;S .'-. 401673?:; 2W>
r7337 20'«7352 100167368 ?0
«7475 2<)1^7 r .2>; IM'ttftt 41
OTTfJ 4n'«77S4 40l«7851 20
rs0S7 2«!«S05l ?(V'fiS102 2fl
r&Vi 4O"68201 201GS208 ;. ■ 29
t»3S2 ?fll
f£49« 50ICK5PS ?"I6W«...,,... ?f)
CSS5? .20J6SS31 20;6S362'. 29
No. Prize. |Xo. Prize. I No. Prize.
cms 100 fwitss i«wi«yos7... -»o
I C9104 100169171 20I691S7 "<>
j G3IZ6 200IC94V-1 40|C3426 SO
i C34S2 20 69435 300 63344 iO
C9.-74 20 C!>CCT 2<l|fi9;0.S j W
C0732.. .;,... 100|fj0930 j!!flj70027 : 4U
70037..; 2OI7O2S4 1OOJ702SS.. .:.... 10)
70431 40 70C14 100 7C631 40
70796 40 71006 aO('|71116 40
71311 40 71352 4OI7«73. ...*.... 40
71599 100 71724 40|71?37 20
71922........ 20|72003 ; 20172011 100
72020.. J0OI72253 20 72274. 70
72365 100|72401 20 72511 100
72.142 20I72G31 100 72684 20
72766 40|73O18 20 73135 40
73249 40 73278 200I7328S 20
732«9 100 73545 40J72570 40
73707 20 73763 J00|73S21 20
74116 20 74168....'.... 20174234 200
742(37 20 74278 40 74713 40
7474C 40 74769 200 74852 40
743S1 20 75001 20 75174 ' 2Q
752S1 100 75J02 20 75407: .48
75391 207D613 20 75628 20
73778 20 75S2- r > 200 76132 ..-.40
7C155 40 76356 40 76414 20
764G4 20 7035S 20 76672 V. 40
7C707 20 7C900 40 76911 40
771S3 10001772C6 40 778.46 100
7SG?4 200CCI7S0S9 40 7S106 20
78268 20J78404 20 7SU4 -20
7S.".4 200I7S59S 20 78820... .'...V '• 20
78934 40I7S9S9 20 78938 20
79JJ5 40'79239..i 20 7B28S V 20,
79370 20 79372.... 20 79395 20
79439 100 79447 40179460 40
79791... 40 79814 20|
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 23,027 to 23,127 inclusive,
being 50 numbers on- each side of the number
drawing- capital prize of ?60,000 — $60. ,'.
, ICO numbers from 77,974 to 7S.074 inclusive,
lieing 10 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— $10.
1C0 numbers from S7 to 187 Inclusive, being
50 number* on each stdo of the number draw
ing capital prize of S10.000— $20.-
TERMINAL PRIZHS. •
. 7S9 numbers ending .with .77, being the last
(wo figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60.000— $20. - ... .
799 numbers ending with 24. being the last
two figures of the number' drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— 120. . . ...
No. 23.077 draws_.flret capital prize of JCO.OOO.
sold In Mexico. D. F. *' - - - - , • •
No. 78,024 draws- second capital prize of |20,000,
Bold In Galveston, Texas.
1 No, 137 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in San Jose. Costa Rica; New Orleans,
LtLf New York, N. Y. ..-:'•':■ *. . ' .
I Xos. C660. 56.891, C3.521, 66.120 and .77,183 draw
each $1000. sold in New Orleans, La.: Houston,
Tex.; Havana. Cuba; Chicago, 111.-; Lafayette,'
Ind.; Memphis. Tenn. ; Galveston, Tex.; Ciudad,
Bolivar. Venezuela; Peorla, IlL ; - St. :Loute,
Mo.; Colima. Mexico.. .
Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quarters. $1; eighths.
CO cents; sixteenths. 25 cents. United States
money. GABRIEL LAPORTA, .
For the Treasury Dept.
IT. .BASSF.TTI. Manager.
Per K. BERTHIER,
Acting* Manager.
APOLIXAR CASTILLO,
r Intervenor.
ACTORS PERFORM
BEFORE ROYALTY
Entertain King- Edward
and English Court at
Sandringham.
LONDON, Deo. 1.— The theatrical event
of last week was the summoning of Dan
Leno to Sandringham, where he and Ella
line Terriss and Seymour Hicks perform
ed before the court. Lieno is the first mu
sic hall artist who was ever invited and
the papers are full of interviews with him.
His wife and family and a large crowd
of admirers met Leno on his return as if
he were a victorious general. The King
gave him a diamond scarfpin. Among the
support of Miss Terriss and Hicks was
Holbrook Blinn. who was very proud of
being the first man actor to be summoned
by the King. Blinn says the King's ap
pearance is remarkable, in contrast with
the current reports of Hjs ill health. Re
turning from a day's shooting, his Ma
jesty in shooting costume welcomed his
guests in the heartiest manner. His cheeks
•were ruddy. The Queen appeared, for the
flrst time since Queen Victoria's death,
in a white evening gown. The King mani
fested a special interest in Dan Leno and
Eaid:
"I suppose, out of deference to you, we
ought to smoke during the performance,
but I trust you will amuse us without it."
"The Belle of Xew York" was revived
at the Century Theater Wednesday with
every sign of success. Sullivan and Ellen
Dupont are the only members of the orig
inal cast in the present production, Madge
I^essing taking Edna May's old part, while
Elfle Fay makes the hit of the play as
the Bowery girl, which Ella Snyder in~
troduced in London.
PALL IN COPPER PRICES
NOT DUE TO THE TRUST
Amalgamated CompanyEndeavors to
Sell When a Corner Cannot
• Be Maintained.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— The Times in its
financial article, discussing the copper po
sition, says it thinks- it very improbable
that the Amalgamated people have engi
neered the fall in copper prices in order
to force other mines to join the combina
tion, because such a policy, even if suc
cessful, would be dangerous, inasmuch as
it would have the effect of depreciating
the prices of other commodities and se
curities which the Amalgamated group is
anxious to keep up.
The Times is of the opinion that the
Amalgamated Company only endeavors
to sell copper when its managers believe
It is useless to try to maintain the corner
any longer, or when they believe it in
convenient to lock up so much money in
one article. In view of the big consoli
dation schemes In the United States and
the withdrawal of the investing public
since the New York panic May 9, the
Times says if would not be surprised if
some powerful capitalists were to con
sider it prudent to increase their cash re
serves.
l'OPE WILL BE ASKED
TO ACT AS GODFATHER
Parents of New-Born Prince Wish to
Have His Holiness Act as
MADRID, Dec. 1.— When the Princess
of the AsturiaH, sister of the King, who
was married February 14, 1901, to Prince
Charles of Bourbon, gave birth to her
son Saturday, the Queen Regent, the In
fanta Isabella and all the Ministers were
present at the palace. They were richly
clad. The new born Prince was placed
upon a silver tray and handed to his
father with great ceremony. Prince
Charles carried the infant around and
presented him to Premier Sagasta, ■ the
Ministers and other dignitaries. The
royal salute was fired. A telegram was
sent to the Pope asking his blessing. It
is expected'the Pope will consent to be
the young Prince's godfather. He will be
christened next Tuesday. His name will
be Alfonso Andrew. A royal decree has
conferred the order of the Golden Fleece
and other decorations ; on the v new born
baby.' '; "'•*"
KING EDWARD ENJOYS
.'CONCERT GIVEN BY 'SOUS A
Great Leader and His Band Play by
;;, Royal Command nt Sand- v^/
ringham.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— Sousa' and his band
played by royal command to-night at
Sandringham before-, their Majesties
King Edward and Queen Alexandra and
the- royal family. The concert lasted two
hours. At its close Sousa was presented
to King Edwafd. -who received him very
gra'clously. The King displayed keen de
light at the music. AH arrangements
were made for the convenience of Sousa'a
party. Dinner was served on board the
train going to Sandringham, and supper
on the train returning to London.
It Is particularly noticeable that King
Edward has chosen an American com
pany as the second company of artists,
to appear before his court since his ac
cession to the throne. . . : „
Fire Destroys Top Works of Mine.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 1.— All the top works
of mine No. 2 of the Madison Coal Com-
Pany at Glcncarbon, south of Edwards>
ville. 111., were destroyed by fire to-day,
causing a loss of $75,000.
THE SAjSF FRANCISCO CAL.L, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901.
MIDDLE STATES
LEAD IN BANKS
Report of Comptroller
of the Currency
on Finances.,
More Than Twelve Thousand
• Institutions With a Capi
tal of Over a Billion.
V» ,.;*? ■ *
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 — The annual re
port of William li. Ridgeley, Comptroller
of the Currency, has been prepared for
transmission to Congress. "The /report
starts with a detailed statement of the
resources and liabilities of the national
banks, as shown by the rive , reports of
condition made in 'response to the call of
the Comptroller. In commenting on this
statement the Comptroller says:
The authorized capital '"stock of the 4279
national banking associations in -existence on
October 31. 3»U1, was.*663,224,l35, which is a net
increase durinc the year . ot. fiO, 721,800. There
was an increase In capital stock- of $21,674,500
by banks organized during the year, including
1120,000 of newly organized associations,, which
increased their capital . stock to -that, amount
subsequent to ' the date of ' organization The
associations which were in existence on Octo
ber; 81. ■ 1900. increased their- capital stock dur
ing the year to the extent- of t21,S13.OOO. There
was » decrease of capital 'stock of *8, 040,000 by
voluntary liquidations. On October 31, 1901, the
outstanding circulation « of." : national banks,
amounted to j359,Ka2, 715, an .increase for th«
year of ?2«,219,447, and since the passage of
the act of March 14, 1900, of $105,806,485.
The Comptroller has prepared ' tables
showing- the aggregate resources -of na
tional. State savings banks, private banks
and loan and trust companies from.re
ports made to him or obtained from other
sources. The result of this investigation
shows the existence of 12,972 banks of all
kinds in the country, with an aggregate
capital of $1,138,042,134; surplus and un
divided prolits of J693.465.095 and $270,855,
253 respectively; deposits, $8,G19,2S5,110, and
loans ana discounts. $6,461,030,743.
Banks in New Possessions. .
Statistics obtained from one national,
three other incorporated and two private
banks In three incorporated
banks In Porto Rico and seven incorpo
rated banks. Including branches, in the
Philippine Islands, making an aggregate
of sixteen institutions in these new terri
torial possessions, show an aggregate cap
ital of $4,313,978: surplus and undivided
profits, $1J27.25O; deposits, $23,018,602 and
loans, $13,908,262.-
.. Under the various acts of Congress 0006
banks with an authorized capital of $795,
407,682 have been organized, of which 4279
were in active operation at the close of
the report year, 1340 in voluntary liquida
tion and 387 In chargre of receivers or
finally closed.
Geographically the largest number of
banks chartered during the report year
were organized in the Middle States.
In the Pacific States, including Hawaii,
fourteen banks of the smaller class were
organized, with aggregate capital of $360,
000, and twelve of the larger class, wilh
$1,800,000 capital.
During the last session of Congress a
bill, to provide for the extension of the
charters of" national banks passed the
House : of Representatives, but failed to
receive consideration in ..the Senate.
: Comptroller Ridereley urgently recom
mends that this bill or a similar measure
be enacted into law.
Comparing the volume of business of
the savings banks of the United States
with those. of the European countries the
report shows that in the matter of de
posits the United States, as for years
past, stands at the head. The banking
power of the United States since 1S90
shows an' increase of 121 per cent. Ag
gregratine- the banking- power of tho
United Kingdom and the .United States
with the estimated power of Continental
Europe • and other countries an increase
since 1S90 is shown of CO per cent.
Money Needlessly Locked Up.
In commenting on the present system of
sub-treasuries the Comptroller calls at
tention to the disadvantages and derange
ments its operationse cause in our finan
cial matters, and says:
There could be no better illustration of this:
than its onsratlona in the last few months.-
This been to needlessly lock up and take
out of circulation vast sums of money just at
a time when it will be badly needed for mov
ing crops and transacting the regular business
of the country. If the Secretary of the Treas
ury" is given authority so that he can arrangp
to have more of the money collected by the
Government deposited with the national banks
and kept there until needed, it can be done
under such regulations, restrictions and super
vision as to insure the Government against loss
and give relief from the present system.
Referring to the criticism which has
been made of the act of March 14, 1900.
to the effect that it does not properly
safeguard the gold standard, but leaves
it possible for the Secretary of the Treas
ury to practically undo the effect of the
act by departmental action and regula
tion without further legislation, the
Comptroller says:
If the act can be made 'stronger by amend
ments and the gold standard of value rendered
more secure from any future uncertainty it
should be done without any delay.
Since the passage of the act of March 14,
1300, the total amount of circulation which all
the national banks have outstanding has been
increased from $254,026,230 to $859,382,715, an in
crease of $105,806,230, or over 41 per cent.
The provisions of the act . have also added
somewhat to the elasticity of the national bank
currency. It, however, leaves much to be de
sired In the way of elasticity, the lack of which
13 the greatest fault of our national bank is
sues.
Congress has already had under discussion
and consideration various measures for the
modification of the national bank currency.
There is much discussion on the subject by
bankers and financiers and many plans are
urged for adoption. Somewhere between the
views of the ardent advocates of asset cur
rency and thoee who oppose it with vehemence
as unsafe and unsound in every respect, there
should be found safe middle ground..
PRESIDENT CONFIRMS
A SENTENCE OF DEATH
Private Daniel Healy Must Die for
Murdering a Sergeant in the
Philippines. ....» rjii^
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1. — President
Roosevelt has confirmed a sentence of
death Imposed by a general court-martial
convened at Nueva Caceres, Philippine is
lands, upon Private Daniel Healy, Com
pany C, Twenty-seventh Infantry, who
was tried for . and convicted of murder
and, sentenced to be hanged. This is the
second instance since Roosevelt entered
upon his duties as President cf the United
States wherein a death sentence imposed
upon an American soldier has been ap
proved by him. In but one case did the
late .President McKinley sign the death
warrant of a soldier of the United States —
that of Phineas Foutz, an. Ohio soldier,
who murdered his Filipino sweetheart.
It is said at the War Department that
Healy's crime was the shooting of a ser
geant of his company while the latter was
asleep.
ARMY AND NAVY OFFICERS •
NOT ALLOWED" TO VOTE
Commission on Municipal Laws and
Regulations at Manila Decides
Against Them.
MANILA, Dec. 1.— The commission on
municipality laws and . regulations arc;
about to change the terms of office for
municipal councilors. It has decided that
members of the United States army and
navy cannot vote. .
In the approaching elections at Iloilo,
Panay Island, there are four candidates
for the Mayoralty and fifty-seven candi
dates to fill six vacancies among the city
councilmen. In these elections the Amer
ican candidates will probably be elected
by the solid American vote. >
Scheme .to Prevent American Control.
BERLIN, Dec. 1. — The marine corre
spondent of the 'Allgemelne Zeitung'pro-i
poses to prevent the Americanization of
German lines of steamships by ■ a ten
year, contract between the companies
controlling the steamers in question and
Count von Bulow,' the Imperial ■ Chan
cellor, which will . give the . latter com
plete disposal of all these ships in time
of war. -Vv V. ';;, : ■: : • - ; ■
Calendars for 1S02 and Christmas cards
now on sale at sale at Banborn & Vail's. ♦
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALANI
HASTILY LEAVES GOTHAM
FOR NATIONAL CAPITAL
Former Ruler of Hawaiian Islands Is Dis=
pleased by Lack of Courtesy Shown .
by People of New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. I. — Former Queen Liliuokalani,
with an imperia 1 retinue and seventeen pieces of
imperial baggage, left New York to-day for Wash
ington. Her departure was somewhat unexpected,
as it had been given out that she was lo remain in the city
for several. days. Her Majesty was much disappointed, how
ever, at 'the' way New York ,had treated her. She was willing
to forgive- the fact that several hotels were too full to accom
modate her, for she appreciated that they did not realize that
royalty was knocking at the door. But nobody came to pay
her homage, not even Mayor Van'Wyck or Squire Croker or
daughters of the crown. The feelings of her Majesty were
hurt by this neglect, and k;te on Saturday night she called her
royal secretary, Joshua Rea, into her royal presence and had
a talk with him. v,
"Joshua," said the ex-Queen, ''the people of this city
don't seem to appreciate the fact that royalty is here to be en
tertained. What are we going to do about it?" ,
"I don't know, ma'am — I mean your Majesty," said Rea.
fl guess they haven't the.right idea about queens in this town.
Suppose we go to Washington?" -
. The lady agreed and the party left the Hotel Roland at
8 o'clock this morning and was driven to the station.
WASHINGTON, Dec. i.— Ex-Queen Liliuokalani of
the Hawaiian Islands, accompanied by Miss Myra Heluluhs,
John D. Amiolku ,and Joshua K. Rea, arrived in Washing
ton to-night from New York. The former Queen and mem
bers-of her suite would not meet callers.
BRITONS HONOR
GENERAL BULLER
Demonstration in Lon
don in Which Trades
Unions Participate.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— "Buller's" Sunday
passed without serious Incidents. The
Government had taken, every precaution
to prevent disturbances. This included
the reading, at three parades last week,
of a special order in the military regu
lations which forbids officers or soldiers
from "taking part in any meetings, dem
onstrations or processions for party or
political purposes." * .
A large body of police, many of whom
were mounted, were stationed along the
line of the procession and notably in front
of the War Office.
The trades unions and worklngmen's so
cieties, with bands and banners, assem
bled . along the embankment this after
noon. There were thousands of specta
tors. Owing to the difficulty of marshal-
Ing the large bodies of men the procession
was late in starting.- It was headed by a
huge banner on which was a portrait of
General Buller. The procession traversed
Northumberland avenue. Pall Mall, St.
James street and Piccadilly to Hyde Park.
The window* of clubland, and especially
of the service clubs, were crowded with
sightseers.
At Charing Cross several mounted po
lice rode up to the head of the proces
sion and attempted to seize a plaster bust
of General Buller.- The man carrying the
bust dashed it to the ground. This inci
dent caused much Indignation, but the
leaders were able to curb and restrain the
paraders, some of whom wished to attack
the policemen.
Opposite the War Office there was much
groaning and cries of "shame" from the
men in the procession, but otherwise the
proceedings were without incident.
When Hyde Park was reached it was
almost dark. Here speeches from several
platforms representing England, .Ireland,
Scotland, Wales, Devonshire and the Col
onies were made. The confusion was so
great as to render the speakers almost
inaudible, but amid a roar of cheers a
resolution of sympathy for General Bul
ler was proposed and adopted' with" great
enthusiasm and a wild waving of hand
kerchiefs and hats.
Features of the demonstration were the
passing of collection boxes for a work-^
ingmen's memorial to General Buller and
the large sale of buttonhole portraits and
favors of the general.
It Is estimated that at least 50,000 people
were present at the demonstration in
Hyde Park. This makes it the biggest
thing. of Its kind which has occurred for
many years.
TO PICTURE SUFFERINGS
OF THE CHINESE, COURT
Mongolian Official Asks That Details
- of Flight From Peking Be
Published.
PORT TOWNSEND, Doc. l.-According
to Oriental papers brought by the steam
ship Glenogle, a high official of the Chi
nese' Government .;. has memorialized the'
throne - to ' publish an illustrated ' book
showing the sufferings of the court dur
ing Its memorable flight from Peking, and
asked that the- book be circulated
throughout China, so that the people of
tue empire can see what they were re
sponsible for in countenancing the Boxer
uprising. This, it is- expected, would
serve as a warning to them-' not to place
the court in Buch a humiliating position
again. . - ■. ** ■ ■ ■ . -.
As a reactionary effect, of the Boxer
movement large numbers of Chinese at
Kiaochow are becoming Christians. :
The bow and arrow have ceased to be
ofilcial army weapons in. China. Accord
ing to the Hongkong press, an imperial
edict was issued on Oct. 26, abolishing
the bow and substituting the gun. The
edict was read . for the first .time at an
examination of a large number of candi^
dates for, positions in the military de-'
partment at Canton.
Private advices received I «-• Yokohama
from Vladivostok are to the effect that
the River Amur was closed to shinning jn
Oct.' 18 and from now on communication
with Amur ~oints will be effected by
way, of Eastern Siberia. ''■■<';.■
MILITARY DEPARTMENTS
GO OUT OF EXISTENCE
Major Generals Wade and Wheaton
Are Assigned to Other
Commands.'
MANILA, Dec. 1.— The military depart
ments of Northern and Southern Luzon
have ceased to exist. Major, General
James F. Wade, formerly in command of
the Southern Department, will leave Ma
nila to-morrow to assume command of
the American forces on Cebu Island, and
Major General Lloyd Wheaton, formerly
commander, of the Northern Department
will take command of the North Philip
.plnes..
Several small ' engagements have oc
curred in Batangas , Province in the last
few. days.. .The forces of the insurgent
leader Caballos have become badly de
moralized.' His followers are broken up
into several small bands; Caballos holds
two American prisoners. ,,
MENELIK'S AID
IS IN AMERICA
Young Man's Gorgeous
Uniform Attracts
- Attention.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— A young man of
dark brown complexion, looking not un
like an American negro, Who was a pas
senger by the. French liner La Gascogne,
in to-day from Havre, enforced the no
tice of everybody on the French pier by
his gorgeous uniform, his bearing and his
swords.
That part of the uniform distinguishable
in rifts in the golden clouds of lace was
blue. The young man announced himself
to the reporters as Lieutenant Bonlto Syl
vain, "aid and naval officer to his Majesty
King Menelik of Abyssinia." He spoke
with a strong'French accent and was sur
prised apparent**- that Menelik's aid-de
camp was not tteated more graciously by
the customs inspectors.
The lieutenant had two swords, one in
his hand and the other in a scabbard by
his side. He has other swords in his bag
gage. He started to leave the pier before
his trunks had been examined and O. K.'d
and was turned back. He protested that
he was the representative of "ze great
Menelik, ze King of Abyssinia."
He was told, he would have to take hi3
turn with the other passengers unconnect
ed with African royalty. He said he could
not understand why anybody connected
with the court of Menelik should be treat
ed that way, but he had to submit. He
said he was on his way to Haytl, partly
on business for his King and partly on
pleasure.
THREE FIREMEN CAUGHT
UNDER A FALLING WALL
Comrades Heroically Go to Their Res
cue and Save Them From
Awful Death.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 1.— Fire to-night at
the supply house of the Creamery Pack
age Manufacturing Company, at Eleventh
and Jones streets, resulted in the serious
injury of three firemen and a loss of
$85,000. The injured;
Lieutenant A. J. Cuff, engine company
No. : 1, taken out unconscious, left shoul
der broken, badly burned about face and
body.; may die.
Fireman George Trexler, face burned,
arm dislocated.
J. Greenman, plpeman, face and hands
burned.
All the injured firemen were removed to
St. Joseph's Hospital
. The accident was caused by a falling
wall. Cuff was partially -buried beneath
the debris, but two of his comrades hero
ically ran into the burning structure and
pulled* him out. . . . ',
The building was five stories high, and?
as it was feared for a while that the
flames would spread to a large gas tank
and adjoining buildings, a general alarm
was turned in. The loss of the Cream
ery Package Company and the owner of
the building was $75,000; of the Lewis Sup
ply Company, belting and rubber goods,
$10,000.
WILSON OPPOSES PLAN
OF THE LIVESTOCK MEN
Says There Is No Need for the Ap
pointment of an Additional
Federal Commissioner.
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— Livestock men need
expect no assistance : from Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson in their plan to have
Congress create a Federal livestock com
missioner to rank as Second Assistant
Secretary v of Agriculture. Wilson, who
was said by some of the delegates of the
National ■ Livestock Association to be in
favor of the proposition, arrived here to
-day and announced his opposition to the
plan. ' , ■
"We have a Bureau of Animal Industry
now," said the Secretary, "and it is en
tirely competent to lqok after the i live
stock interests of the country. There are
1(KX) men under the direction of the bureau,
which is headed by Dr. Salmon, who is
thoroughly versed in all matters pertain
ing to the cattle raising Industry. I my
self am a livestock man and in sympathy
with the alms and objects of the livestock
association. I can see no reason for the
creation of any new office in the depart
ment and if any one has said otherwise
a mistake has been - made. - I do not see
that the livestock interests can complain
of the manner in which they have been
treated. by the Federal Government." -■
Japan's Objection to the Convention.
LONDON, Dec. 2.—According to the
Times Japan's objections to the Manchu
rian convention are'bascd.upon~the prohi
bition of the employment of Chinese artil
lery. In Manchuria, and the vagueness of
the clause in the convention which regu
lates the withdrawal of Russian troops.
Chinese Heir Apparent Deposed.
SHANGHAI,' Dec. 2.—The heir apparent,
Pu Chun, has been deposed by imperial
edict on the ground that his father, Prince
Tuan, was the author of the Boxer trou
ble.
SAYS BOER WAR
WILL CONTINUE
Commandant Jan Krige
Predicts Disaster for
England.
Addresses a Large Assem-
blage of Sympathizers
at Detroit
DETROIT. Mich., Dec. 1.— Four thou
sand. Boer sympathizers attended a meet
ing held in the Light Guard Armory this
afternoon under the auspices of the local
Transvaal League and applauded the
anti-British sentiments of Commajidant
Jan Krige, who served under General
Botha, and ex-COngressman J. J. Lentz
of Ohio. .-: -
Resolutions denouncing the policy or
this Government in allowing the exporta
tion of horses and mules to the Britisn
in South Africa; denouncing the deten
tion in reconcentrado camps of Boer
women and children, and extending sym
pathy to the Boers now In the field^ were
unanimously adopted and will be sent
to President Roosevelt, with the request
that he offer the friendly mediation or
this country to the combatants.
Commandant Krige said: ■•' ;
•'The British must now fight to the end.
for If they give In the people In .Little
India will say that they are tired of Brit
ish rule and want their Independence.
Then Australia will be next to demand
her liberty. As surely as the South Afri
can war killed the great old Queen, just
so surely -will the South African war.
sound the death knell of the British em
pire."
BOEB PRISONERS ESCAPE.
After Begaining' Freedom They Be
join the Fighting Forces.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from • Pretoria gives indica
tion why, with continuous captures, tho
Boer forces do not seem to diminish.
The dispatch says the Boers are con
stantly, escaping from the concentration
camps and towns to rejoin the fighting
forces, and that measures will have to be
taken to stop this leakage. The Boers in
the towns are still irreconcilable, says the
dispatch, and believe their cause will
eventually triumph.
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 1.— Sir Gordon Sprigs.
Prime Minister of Cape Colony, during
the course of a speech at a banquet, said
Cape Colony was maintaining in the Cape
an army numbering 18,000 men. the bulk
of whom were mounted, and that these
•numbers were increasing weekly. It was
a great strain on the treasury, said the
Prime Minister, but the Colony was pre
pared to bear it as long as necessary. The
rebels were being gradually worn down
and the prospect was not discouraging.
BERLIN BOEKSE IMPROVES.
Reports From the United States In
fluence the Market.
BERLIX, Dec. 1. — Increased confidence
and further gains, were . noticeable • on
the Boerse during the last week. It was
the best week in many months, all de
partments scoring advances.
The German financial reviews explain
the improvements on the Boerse In vari
ous ways. .They all agree, however, that
the domestic and industrial situation docs
not warrant this improvement. Among
the causes named as responsible for the
week's amelioration is the great abun
dance of money, the forthcoming flotation
of numerous domestic, foreign . and
state loans, ushering in an era
of greater activity for the banks of
emission, and the especially strong Amer
ican iron market. This market is giving
unusual strength to .German Iron shares.
<These Irave also profited from -the ex
pected ■ reduction In the price of coal,
which was announced yesterday and
which amounts, in most grades, to 1
mark per ton. The reduction in coal
also profited the coal shares, though to
v a less degree than the other departments.
The reports from the United Sttea ex
ercise an especially strong influence on
the/ market. The Boersen Courier says
these reports constituted the market's
chief impulse, and points to the exces
sive optimism shown by German specu
lators, saying it is a fact that German
iron shares since the recent Improvement
have risen more than United States steel.
The other papers attempt to dampen this
excessive optimism, and refer to the con
tinued discouraging reports from the
Iron trade. News from the Lorraine and
Luxemburg districts represent business
there as growing worse. The Cologne
Gazette says the demand for plates has
improved, and that producers believe the
depression has reached its extreme limit.
American securities were apparently
neglected. The money market was the
easiest known for years; call loans reach
ed 1 per cent. It was at times almost im
possible to place money, and the abun
dance of money made the monthly settle
ment extremely easy.
The Frankfurter Zeitung believes that
the rates for money will continue to be
low, and that the improvement hi the
market is likely, to continue.
Cresceus in Winter Quarters.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— Cresceus, the
king of trotters, arrived at Lo^Angeles
to-day, accompanied by Tim C. Murnaner,
his trainer. Cresceus was taken to his win
ter quarters at Agricultural Park. The
great trotter will be sent against the
world's record on December 14 if the track
permits of the attempt on that date.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
people are lacking in
nervous strength. The
weak, care-worn, melan-
choly, hfeadach^, and low-
spirited men and women
are easily excited, impa-
tient, fidgety, and unable
to sleep at night. Worn-*
out nerves must be built
up, and the vitality of the
wnole system replenished
before relief can come. ■ «
"The least bit of noise or sadden
jar would nearly drive me crazy, and'
I was just too fidgety for anything. I
was so nervous that I could not rest or
sleep. The first dose of. Dr. Miles*
• Nervine broueht me 'sleep, and after
that I got well fast"
Mrs. A. R. Mo&rell, Arcola, His.
Dr. Miles'
Nervine
builds up the- nerves,
strengthens the brain, and
fortifies and refreshes the
whole system.
Sold bv druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhatt, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[Wkf f teas™ W^ffi
' ' There is just
enough rice flour in
our pancake mix-
ture to make the
cakes or waffles
brittle and tender.
Rice flour v is an
imported article.
Were it omitted
we would make
I more money, but
i you could not have,
such fine waffles
and pancakes. . j
OCEAN TRAVEL. •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ -i Steamers leave Broadway
P(W. ■ TVharf San Francisco:
fgSkS^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
EsS&Jyak^ Dec ;, i. u i'. ~- 27 - Jan - l -
1 tarKB^tcSS <-'hange to company's steaffi-
IeMs£aM&l era at Seattle.
i rw§*? 1 <5\JS*\l For Victori.-i. Vancouver <*.
Bwae"?<3-^44 C ) Port Tnwnsend. Seattle.
3A Tacoma, Everett and Se*
Whatcom (Wash.)— H a. m.,
tv.,. V t i» 17 2° 27 Jan. 1. Change at Se-
a^K^^^vioma^
F o R r y^e^rHunX.d\°B C ay>-l:?0 y p. tn.. Dec.
'•F'or'Ian'b^s/oppinK only at Santa Bar-
bara; Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
£eles)-Steamer Santa Boaa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m
VnrT ni Aneeles calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
ter«£ San^meon: CayucU Port Harford ri San
Louis Obispo) Gavlota. Santa Earbara, Ven-
uSa. Hueneme East San Pedro San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
a- For Knsenada, Majrdalena Bay. Pan Joan <M
Cabo, Masatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. .th of each
For further Information obtain the company's
°The company reserves the right to charipa
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
•without previous notice. '->'_*»""?
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS. & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Franclaco.
O. R. & /¥. CO,
Only Stenmahtp Xjlxmo *■*»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail L»ne from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets tn all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST TUVTES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BESTHsnl MEALS.
S.S. COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 4, 14. 24, Jan. 3.
£S. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. *9, Dec. 9, 19. 29
Steamer «alls from foot of SDear St.. li a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S.*V
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogn), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
dty of sailing.
S.S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11. 1301
S.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4. 1903
S.S HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30. 1303
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tfor
freight and passage applv at company* s offlcew
, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of T02Z. 80UTHAMPT0H. LONDOlf. PAXCl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New • Torlt Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Dec. Yf\ St. Paul Jan. 1
St. Louis Dec. is Zeeland Jan. 8
Philadelphia ....Dec. 2C| St. Louis Jan. 15
RED STAR LINE:
M*w York and Antwerp.
. From New Tork, Wednesday at 13 noon.
Friesland Dec. 11 f Kensington Jan. 1
Southwark Dec. IS *Zeeland Jan. •
• Vaderland Dec. 25| Friesland Jan. IS
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from, How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TTTCAPEL Dee. 21
Dec. 7 AREQUIPA.....Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
EALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. G«n. Agents.
eceanics.sxe.jBi'
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 5 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
__ •••"••• Saturday. Dec. 14. i "p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4, *C2, 10 a. m.*
I. O.SKECKELS 4 BHCS. CO., Bansrai agents. 327 Mm SI
tsa'1 Passngar Olfo, 643 Hirtet St.. Pier Ho. 7. PaoSatt
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, $103; Steerage, $W; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Bails Monday. Ue;. 9
S.S. Leelanaw eail3 Saturday, re.. 21
S. S. Apfcyll «,iU
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10). at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. V. CONNOR. Factflc Coa«t Agent.
■
C0MPASIT13 G£HEB ALi: THA53ATLANTIQTJ3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - *
bailing every Thursday, Instead ot rfgJJoJfo
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. i$i«S5
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Mavra. $70 and upward. Second
C » % a^J?,^ H B.Z^' W3 and upward. GENERAL.
AG ENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, »2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U, S. NAVY YAR) AND VALLEJ3
Steimsn GEN. FRISBIB or M0NTICELL3
9:43 a. m.. S:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9M5 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. in.. 12:30 noon. ( p. m. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p.- m. Far* 50
cents. Telephone Main 1SCS. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. . •
WEEIL^ CALL
oi pep Ycai*«ADVERTISEMENTS. * 7 k
y • — . ~ ™_ U~
nXPTV WAD IT The cures of .-diseases caused by aa
XlnJxU UUI\.JlV. Impure or poisoned condition of the
blood, -which have been accomplished
b 7 the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
Tfc Tpfifs t>>A Onnlifw nf "RnfVi lca * Bkcovery, stamp it as one of the
XI leSLS tne UUailty Ol- JJOtn most remarkable remedies of the age.
Blood and MtlSCle* ' Its curative power is best judged from
. the -fact that in a great many cases the
. . ..■' v., use of "Golden Medical Discovery" was
There are grades even in hard xrork.' ; not 1111 until years of misery had been
The actual labor may not be greater in experienced, and all available medicines
one case than in another, but the con- bad entirely failed to effect a cure.
ditions under which the work is done Gained 37 pounds.
I ?/ .£ ba T Sl i£ift UUder a . h0t gto PP e4 usIn S Dr - Pierce ' s Golden Med-
S. ' &l i t Y U \ OCai * atl0n ' ical DiscoverV," writes J. Venters, Esq.,
To work in a «toke hole, deep in the of R«gina, pike Co., Ky. «I staved
bowels of an oce^n liner, or under down m Texas last year and contracted
L? n T 2*f ement ' '"P 0 * 8 far chill s and fever while there. I came
more stained produces greater exhaus- back to Kentucky and was abottf shak-
£??r,?Kr£j 1 ?f fl f st^* ork ' ia field in * m y of * from mv f^t when I
oa the hottest of July days. commenced using it I only weighed
1I1££ I.I1C SUppIV Ot pUXCty ITCil ■
Vital statistics tell the story. The blood, -which feeds every nerve and
rverage life of the man in the stoke hole, tissue of the bodv. It cures eruptions,
Ihe rolling mill, the blast furnace, the boils, sores, salt-rheum, eczema, tetter,
plass factory, is far below the average scrofula, rheumatism and blood poison-
life of the open air worker. ing.
. Yet the average life of these hard Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
vorking men could be considerably pro- ical Discovery." The main motive of
longed, if once and for all they would substitution is to enable* the dealer to
the force of that Biblical state- make the little more profit paid him by
Cient, c The blood is the life." If a man the sale of less meritorious preparations.
seeks to prolong his life, he must take Sick people, especially those suffering
account of his blood — for that is the from diseases which have become
vital fluid. chronic, are invited to consult Doctor
waiting Foa. The wcrsi. Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
■ The chief canse of a physical break- **"* " held , S^L P^V??
down is often the fact that people put S a^ I 2?? de ;J 1 £ Address Dr - V -
off giving themselves proper care. TScy Ple £f?' B^alo, N. \ .
don't TOrt: to spend the money for medi- v Tf" *» <***** **• Pierce
cine, or they do£t feel quite sick enough b 7 1*1^ {rc * »s not to be confounded
to want to take it Ther feel languid, th ,f s PJ l ous «?«* of " f *f* ««*ical
« played out," as they say.'and when the advice," made by those who having no
dav's work is over there isat a bit of medical knowledge or experience, are not
«go» left in them. That's the time q^fied either professionally or legally
vrhen the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden to pve medical advice. .
Medical Discoverv means a new grip on : P£ P T lerC< 7. j^ consulting physician
life, and the prevention of moreleAous th , e g ot^ and -T^ 1 ? 1 {£
disease. stitute, Buffalo, N. Y., assisted by his
« It has been five years since I toot medical ataff of nearly a score of phy-
your ' Golden Medical Discovery ' for an !i aa "^ m^i^J™? 7^'
kflection called scrofulous enlargement t « a * e f acd "^ hundreds of thousands
of the glands of the neck," writes Mr. of J? ck men and wo^ en^. ' , f . ,
Zebalon B. Loftin, of Grifton, Pitt Ox, I he J?^ 53 of Pl f "% I***?}*
N. C, "and I am glad to tell yon that * f^ ™* anf l m l* 11 /
I have had no return of the dikase. I fa^ f* of A undred | of ********
thought I would write you and let vou have consulted him 98 per cent, have
know that I have not forgotten yon, and be £? P^tly and permanently cured,
never will while I Hve. ' There is no similar offer of free con-
«You may publish this if you wish, "^^"S 7 le ? er which has behind it.
and if any one wants to know about my f. n institution of such world wide repnta-
testimonial they are at liberty to write to ? on J^% In jf lds ' tel -?£ d f
me, and I xvill acknowledge the truth in Inst f ute . Buffalo, N. Y, with its staff of
return ■ nearly a score of physicians and its great
"For three years I have suffered «cord of cures,
■with that dread disease, eczema," writes FREE TO ali. ...
.Mrs. J.Koepp, of Hermann, Oregon. . «I Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
•was told to try Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
ical Discovery, which I did, and after I to pay expense of mailing only. This
had taken fourteen bottles I was perman- great work on family medicine and
ently It has been a. year since I household hygiene, contains more than
stopjxfcv taking your medicine and the dis- a thousand large pages and over 700
ease has never appeared since. Your illustrations. Send 31 one-cent stamps
medicine produced a wonderful cure, and for the cloth-bound volume, or only 21
I hope others suffering as I did, will stamps for the book in paper covers,
take it and be relieved of their suffering." Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
BRITISH CONSUL
WITHDRAWS AID
English Subject Must
Suffer Deportation
From Manila.
MANILA, Dec. 1.— Patterson, the Eng
lishman acting as secreary to Sixto Lo
pez, Aguinaldo's agent, and who refused
to take the oath of allegiance to the Unit
ed States when he landed at Manila, is
awaiting deportation from the islands as
a result of this refusal. Patterson had
been accorded temporary liberty at the re
quest of the British Consul at Manila.
Patterson, through his lawyers, brought a
writ of habeas corpus, returnable next
Tuesday. The British Consul withdrew
his protection from Patterson, and the lat
ter has been arrested, W. Morgan Shuster,
customs collector for the Philippines, de
claring that he had evidence of incrim
inating correspondence by Patterson, and
that he has been aiding the Filipino In
surrection.
The financial situation In the Philippine
Islands Is causing much alarm. In an in
terview published In Manila, Henry C.
J<3e, chief of the department of finance
and justice, referred to the probable en
forcement of an alteration In the
Immediate future of the present
Government parity of two Mexican
dollars for one gold dollar. The
United States pcstolflce here now re-
fuses, except to Government employes, to
issue money orders in exchange for Mexl
< an silver. The banks of Manila have
Leen making form 6 to 8 per cent on ex
change. Merchants and others are forced
to carry their accpunts in Mexican suver.
The commercial community has relied
upon the United States Philippine Com
mission to continue the situation of two
Mexican dollars for one gold dollar, which
the commission itself created. The com
mission Is unable to act in the matter
■without the authority of Congress/ This
authorization has been requested. Charles
A. Conant, special commissioner of the
War Department to investigate the state
of coinage and banking In the Philippines
and report to the Secretary of War rec
ommendations for remedial legislation,
•who is now in Washington, was the bear
er of the commission's views on this
matter.
The stores of Manila are compelled to ac
cept the two Mexican dollars for one gold
dollar, while Chinese speculators are pay-
Ing as high as 6 per cent premium in
American paper money for American gold.
Hurry Up— Don't Delay.
Mention has been made of the great
Monarch sale that will start Thursday.
To-morrow is the last day to get a $2 50
men's hat for 85c. Wednesday the store
•will be closed to get ready for the sale.
You bet. this will be a sale— a corker.
/There will be on sale men's clothing, fur
l-ishlngs and hats. There is a big lot of
ru-iys* clothing in this stock. AH must
So, the quicker the better. Sale will posi
tively start Thursday at 9 a. m. at the
Monarch, 915 Market street, opposite
Mason. •
TELLS OF DEATH
OF MISS STONE
Vali of Salonica Confirms
Story of Finding Her
Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Dec. 1.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Neue Freie Presse
telegraphs that the bodies of Miss Stone
and Mme.i. Tsilka have been found near
Dubnitza, Bulgaria, twenty-two miles
from Sofia. An official report from the
Vali of Salonica confirms the statement
that the two wpmen are dead. Their
deaths apparently occurred a month ago.
In commenting on the dispatch the Neue
Freie Presse says the report is possibly a
mistake. • • >•• - , ■.••*■ '-
SOFIA. Dec. 1.— M. Mihalowsky, presi
dent of the Macedonian committee, recent
ly made a speech at Varna, In Bulgaria,
in which he denounced M. Saratoff, for
mer president of the committee, and the
Macedonians as agitators, murderers and
blackmailers. Among other crimes he 'ac
cused them of kidnaping Miss Ellen M.
Stone, the American missionary.
The Macedonians of Sofia held an indig
nation meeting here to-day. Violent
speeches were made denouncing M. Miha
lowsky and in which M. Saratoff was
eulogized as the hero of Macedonian
youth. This Incident is important as dem
onstrating the schism In the Macedonian
camp.
Reports received here to-day from Dub
nitza announced increased vigilance on
the part of the authorities and the police
of that ?lace.
Bulgarian official circles are evidently
much Impressed by the menacing attitude
of the United States Government in the
Stone affair. They declare, however that
they are unable to do any more in the
matter than they have done already. *
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— Naval officials
Fay the reported dispatch of the cruiser
Dixie from Naples, Italy, to Smyrna, has
no connection with the case of Miss Ellen
M. Stone, the American missionary, whose
release from the Bulgarian brigands our
Government Is now seeking to enforce.
The Dixie is now engaged In the training
service and has a number of landsmen
aboard. Her movements while on the
Mediterranean cruise are chosen with the
intention to give the best training expe
rience ppssible to th^ men aboard, and if
as reported, she has been sent to Smyrna"
this, it Is believed by- naval officials, Is
without special significance as bearing on
the Stone case. .
Little Gold Clocks.
Another large shipment of. our superior
gold-plated clocks, v candelabra, candle
sticks, candle vases, . ornaments, etc
Every piece guaranteed for finish, work
manship and price. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street.*" • .
Miner Loses His Life.
TACOMA', Dec. 1.— Through the collapse
of a pillar In coal mine No. 7 at Carbonado
on Saturday one miner was killed and an
other severely Injured. The dead man
was William Bakkala, a' native of; Fin
land, . and his companion, whose hip was
badly Injured; was Matt Gunnell.
THE SAl^ FRANCISCO GALL; MONDAY; DECEMBER 2, 1901.
BOTH BRANCHES OF NATIONAL CONGRESS
WILL ASSEMBLE TO-DAY AND ORGANIZE
Frye Will Preside Over the 5ehateiand Henderson Will Be the
Speaker of the iHo^e^of Representatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
([ W.; WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The
(I Senate will meet at 12 o'clock and
organize by the election of "Will
iam P. Frye of Maine as presiding
officer. New Senators will be sworn In.
The President will be notified that the
Senate is ready for business. Adjourn
ment'will, then be taken out. of respect
to the memory of the late Senator Kyle.
The House will meet at 12 o'clock and
after the swearing in of all new members
will organize by the election of nominees
of the Republican caucus. The rules of
the last Congress as modified by the Re
publican caucus on Saturday will be
adopted. The President will be notified
that the House is ready for business. Ad
journment will then be taken. The Pres
ident's message to Congress will be read
to both branches immediately on assem
bling on Tuesday.
No official announcement of the death
of President McKinley can be made to
Congress except by his successor, Presi
dent Roosevelt. This announcement will
be made in the message from the Presi
dent to the Senate and the House on
Tuesday, and both branches will on that
day Immediately adjourn out of respect to
the memory of the late President. t >
PROGRAMME OF THE SENATE.
Matters of Great Public Interest Soon
to Be Considered. \
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— One of the first
measures of national interest which will
be introduced in the Senate at the session
which will begin to-morrow will be a reso
lution looking to public action concerning
the death of President McKinley. Thi3
will be presented on Tuesday by either
Senator Foraker or Senator Hanna, prob
ably the former, and after its introduction
the Senate will adjourn Immediately as a
mark of respect to the memory of the
dead President. The annual message of
President Kooseveit will not be received
unuui Tuesday, and on tms account the
session or Monday will De exceedingly
brief. It is not uow expected that any
thing will be done on tnac day beyond tne
announcement of the death of Senator
Kyle, following wmch tne Senate, in ac
cordance with custom, will adjourn lor
the day.
On Tuesday the President's message will
be read, and alter its reading tne an
nouncement of the death of President Mc-
Kinley will follow at once, whereupon un
der the precedent estabhsned when Presi
dents Lincoln and Garfleld died resoiu
tions providing for the appointment of a
committee to act with a similar commit
tee of the House of Representatives to
take appropriate action relative to the
matter, ana then calling for immediate
adjournment for the day will be adopted.
Heretofore committees have been appoint
ed to arrange the details of public exer
cises, and it is understood that plan will
be pursued in this instance, and tnat later
in the session some public man of dis
tinction will be invited to deliver a eulogy
in the Capitol.
Wednesday and Thursday will be de
voted to the introduction of new bills,
and as usual there will be a flood of them.
Among the first bills of Importance to be
presented will be the ship subsidy bill,
which will be introduced by Senator Frye,
and the Nicaraguan canal bill, which Sen
ator Morgan will present. Senator Frye,
has not entirely completed his bill, but he
said to-day that it would be different in
many details from the old bill of last ses
sion; that measure was* framed by former
Senator Edmunds. Senator Frye himself
is the author of the new bill. Senator
Morgan's canal bill will be a duplicate of
Representative Hepburn's bill on • the
canal question. Other early bills of Im
portance will be one looking to the con
struction of a submarine cable from the
western coast of Hawaii and another pro
viding for the establishment of a new
executive department to be known as
the Department of Commerce. On Thurs
day the Senate will adjourn until the fol
lowing Monday.
The general opinion among Senators is
that very little real work will be done be
fore the Christmas holiday. The rirst
subject demanding attention is recipro
city. Various treaties are now pending
in the Senate looking to commercial agree
ments between the United States and
other countries. Senator Aldrich will re
new his effort to have these .treaties,
which already have been reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, re
ferred to the Committee on Finance, on
the ground that they deal with tariff ques
ions. The friends of the treaties will op
pose this demand and the preliminary
skirmish expected to ensue probably will
serve to develop some Interesting features.
The early days of the session -will be
marked by the reorganization of the Sen
ate committees so far as may be neces
sary, and a caucus I of the Republican
members will be held to-morrow for the
purpose of considering this question and
appointing a committee to suggest names
for the vacancies. The most important
place to be filled la that of chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
is generally conceded that Senator Cul
lom, who is the senior Republican mem
ber of that committee, will succeed ta
the chairmanship.
PROCEEDINGS IN THE HOUSE
First Business in Order Is the Selec
tion of Officers..
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The pro
gramme for the opening day*in the House
to-morrow, although It will follow rigidly
routine precedents, will be . Interesting,
and, to a certain extent, picturesque. Ad
missions to the galleries will be by card,
of which two* have been issued to each
member, and the galleries will no doubt
be crowded to their fullest capacity. The
desks of the popular members will be
laden with flowers. The clerk of the
House will call the members to order at
noon, and after prayer by the 'chaplain
the roll will be called by States.
The Speaker will be formally elected
and escorted to the chair by a committee.
General Henderson, whose re-election as
Speaker is assured, will then address the
Hous& after which Bingham of- Penn
sylvania, father of the House (a titular
honor conferred upon the oldest member
in point of continuous service), will ad
minister the path to him. The Speaker,
in turn, will administer the oath to the
members-elect. The old .officers of the
House, who were'rechosen by the Repub
lican caucus, will then be re-elected and
sworn in. Following this resolutions will
be adopted to appoint committees to In
form the President and the Senate that
th<? House has elected General Henderson
Speaker and McDowell clerk. . -. ■..-_■
By resolution Speaker Henderson will
then appoint a committee of three to Join
a similar committee from the Senate to
inform the President that a quorum' of
• ■I-I-I- 1 .M.iM»M»M»MmM..M I ■I--I--I--I--2- 1'
CANNOT HELP TO FIGHT
THE RAILWAY COMBINATION
Governor of Idaho. Anxious to Help,
but Can Find No I*aw to Prevent
. Consolidation.
BOISE, Idaho,\Dec. 1.— Governor Hun.
has replied to Governor Van Sant's letter
asking Idaho to aid in fighting the North
ern railway consolidation. "
His letter In part is as follows:
I agree with your views as to the danger of
this monstrous combination to the commercial
interests of all the territory through which
these lines may pass without competition, but
I regret to say. and. I think that sentiment Is
shared generally by the people of the Stat<;,
that Idaho has no constitutional provision or
legislative statute that ca^ be used to prevent
the consolidation of two or more corporations
of this kind. But I am able to state that this
question will be the subject, of "action by our
next Legislature and that you have the moral
support and sympathy of the people of this
State, who will pray to God to strengthen your
hands and give you the courage and persever
ance In your great' fight' In* the cause of the
people. Very respectfully yours,
■' F. ,W. ; HUNT, Governor. ,
Judge Scores the Jury.
MODENA..TJtah,' Dec. 1.— Yesterday the
jury at Pioche, Nev., -returned -a, verdict
of assault and battery against seven of
the two houses has assembled and that
Congress is ready to receive any com
munication he may have to make. Reso
lutions to adopt temporarily the rules of
the last House and to fix the daily hour
of meeting also will precede the event of
opening day, the annual: seat drawing.
The President's message will be withheld
until Tuesday.
General Grosvenor of Ohio probably will
make the announcement to the House of
the death of the late President McKinley,
and offer the resolutions upon which the
House will act. * • ■ .
On Tuesday that portion of the Presi
dent's message referring to the. death, of
McKinley probably will be 'referred to a
select committee to arrange a programme
of eulogies. It is a remarkable • coinci
dence that . McKinley was the chairman
of the committee which arranged the
programme when President Garfleld died.
Blalne pronounced the eulogy upon that
occasion. Elihu.B. Washburn was chair
man when Lincoln died, and George Ban
croft, the historian, was the orator. After
Tuesday the House probably will ad
journ three .days at a time until Con
gress recesses for the Christmas holidays.
Speaker Henderson will occupy this time
preparing his committee lists, which will
be announced as soon- as the House con
venes after the holidays. Practically no
business will be /transacted, before . the
holidays. ' , -
LEGISLATION TO AID STOCKMEN.
Bill Will Be Introduced Providing for
Leasing Land for /Grazing Purposes.
•During the session of Congres3
the following bill will be Introduced in
the Interest of the nation's stock-growers.
It provides for the leasing f or f grazing
purposes of vacant public domain and re
serves all rights of homestead and min
eral entry: -
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, that all
vacant public lands west of the one hundredth
meridian west from Greenwich shall be leased
for stock-grazing purposes, subject to the right
of homestead and mineral entry under existing
laws of the United States, and when so entered/
to be canceled from the lease. ■
Sec. 2. Leases of such lands shall not be
subject to bid. The uniform, rental shall b«
2 cents per acre per annum, payable anually
in advance, and preference for such leases shall
be given to owners of cultivated agricultural
land, for leasable lands abutting' upon- their
freeholds In proportion of ten acres of lease
hold to one acre of freehold. A like preference
of ten acres of leasehold to one acre of free
hold shall be given to stock growers who are
also' freeholders; this preference shall apply
only to lands within the counties upon which
their stock habitually range. If in case of
either of the preferences . above provided there
shall not be sufficient leasable lands in the
county to give each person entitled to the pref
erence the maximum proportion of ten acres
to one, then said lands shall be prorated . be
tween the persons entitled ' to Buch preference.
The further preference to lands not leased under
the foregoing provisions of this section shall
be given to stock growers who were- In actual
use and occupancy of said lands during ; the
year ending on January 1, 1901, to be leased'
to them In proportion to their respective Inter
ests In and use thereof. Where the States lease
State lands the bona fide holders of such State
leaseholds shall be beneficiaries of the prefer
ence given above to stock growers .who'are
also freeholders; provided that such State lease
holds are not held by any one person In tracts
exceeding 640 acres in any one body. ■ Freehold
rights under this section shall not" apply to
townslte property, nor to any lands deriving
titre from Spanish or Mexican grants. ' .'
Sec. 3. All leases to run. ten years, with the
privilege of renewal for a secpnd term of ten
years, the first lessee having the preference for
such second term, provided he shall. have com
plied with the requirements • of this law and
the terms of his lease and has not allowed his
leasehold to deteriorate. - • .
Sec. 4. The revenue derived from the leases
herein authorized shall be paid into the treas
ury of the United States,' and the net revenue,
after deducting the expense or administering
this act. shall be held in trust to be paid .to
such States and Territories wherein the lease
holds are situated as provide a State engineer
and other proper means for devoting the same
to the diversion or storage of : water ■ and Its
distribution for Irrigation of agricultural lands..
Only such -revenue as ■ la derived in any State
or Territory shall be returned to It for such
purpose. ■ . ■ . "
Sec. 5. The Secretary of the Interior shall
have the power to cancel a lease when Its' holder
becomes ineligible,, and shall administer this
act, making all needful rules and regulations
for that purpose. .-■."- . . . ■• .
Sec. 6. Nothing In this act shall deprive the
United States of control of all reservations for
any purpose, now existing or hereafter created. •
Sec. 7. This act to take effect and be In force
from and after Its passage. ...
In connection with the bill the follow-
the , 'accused parties who participated in
the rtcent hanging of the negro Ellis at
Pay, Nev. Judge Talbot, in his charge to
the jury, instructed" them to either return
a verdict of guilty, of assault with intent
to kill or one of acquittal.- • . . . .
When the verdict was read in court the
Judge scored the Jury for returning such
a.verdict. The men will be sentenced Mon
day. . . •
Colonial Sugars in Better Demand.
PARIS, Dec. 1.— The internal revenue re
port shows, that the beet, sugar produc
tion for the month of October,, this year,
Is practically the same as for 1900, but the
deliveries for consumption have fallen off
from 60,000,000 kjlograms . to 43,000,000 kilo
grams. The customs returns indicate
that colonial sugars are largely replac
ing home-grown sugar.: The outlook'for
home ■ growers : and manufacturers is 'not
as good as last year. .,,,
Christinas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern " Pacific special . train leaves
San Francisco. December : 18, Los Angeles
December 19, reaching Mexico In time for
the holiday celebrations. Round triD San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining . car. Pullman
sleepers.- Limit 60 days. Low side triD
rates. -Optional itineraries. Make i reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco
261 South Spring street, Loa Angeles,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE • NATION AND THE PRESIDING OFFI
CERS OF SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, "WHOSE
RESPONSIBILITIES INCREASE BY CONVENING OF CONGRESS.
ing statement of its purpose and effects
has been issued: •
The'purpose of this proposed legislation Is
to prevent the further free use In common of.
the public 'domain in the arid grazing region,
and thereby to prevent the destruction of the
forage by overstocking- the same, by which
process the land Is becoming desert, the country
more arid, and springs. and watercourses losing
their flow. Used free find In common, the West
ern ; range is practically without law, and the
competitors -for Its occupancy attempt to, hold
It" against each other by violence and armed
force,' causing the destruction of life and prop
erty. This domain belongs to all of the people,
but has been used by a few as' a means of
acquiring , wealth, without compensation to the
rest of the owners. The availability of the re
gion - involved ! for agricultural settlement has
been' injured by the Increase of Its aridity that
has • followed the extirpation • of its covering of
grasses and ; forage plants, and the land's po
tentiality as 'a producer of wealth will disap
pear unless It is protected by law and Us users
.are, compelled to pay for and protect what they
occupy. • ' '"• '
...The. proper policy of this Government Is the
encouragement of settlers to occupy all parts
of- the.publlc domain upon which families may
gain -a living. To this end the proposed law
reserves all. the rights of the homestead set
tler. The Government encourages the adven
turous ■ mineral - prospector, and this law re
serves all 1 his rights to make mineral entry
In any part of the domain that it covers.
Besides these prospective entrymen there are
existing' rights that must be protected.
.The present agricultural settler, who tills
land, raises crops and keeps domestic stock,
finds under, the present system of free use of
the public domain that flocks and herds are
driven upon hls"freehold, consume the forage
upon which his domestic animals should feed
an* Inflict such Injury upon him that he ts fre
quently constrained to sacrifice his property and
seek "another location, only to be again over
taken by the same intolerable conditions. The
proposed j law gtves him the ■ preference of ' a
leasehold on abutting public domain, which he
may . protect from the trespasses which now
Injure him;,-:- - - >. '.
.The. next preference Is given to freeholders
whose pursuits are pastoral, to protect them
selves In. like manner, from nomads, and secure
the • range needed for their stock. ' ,
• Lands not taken by either of the foregoing
classes of freeholders shall be subject to lea.se
by stockgrowers who were In use . and occu
pancy during the year ending on January 1,
1901; each , to . have a leasehold In proportion to
his interest, ro that none, not even the least,
can ■ be ■ excluded. > ' ■ . ■ •
The • possessors of leaseholds to State lands.
SENATOR CLARK MAKES
> NEW ' EAILROAD ALLIANCE
Joins Issues With Thomas P. Walsii
of ' Colorado Build a Trans
1 'i'feCv continental Line.'
DENVER, Dec 1.— The Denver Post to
day says: Senator": William A. Clark of
Montana, and Thomas F. , Walsh "of Colo
rado have, it is rumored, joined. issues in
railroad construction and -will , build prac
tically a new transcontinental railroad. '
The \ Chicago, 1 "- Rock Island and Pacific
is said to be In with Senator Clark and
.Walsh.
'"The new transcontinental line would
g-lve Senator' Clark an .outlet, for his Los
Angeles and , Salt ' Lake , road, which has
been left left without one through the ab
sorption of 'i the two Colorado mountain
lines, by; George Gould. The Rock Island
would get a new and short route to Cali
fornia. ..; ■■ '■'■ ■• ,. > <■•■
■ Walsh some time ago incorporated - a
railroad to be built. from Ouray via-Gun
nison to Pueblo. If his alliance with Sen
ator Clark Is : perfected he will build on
probably to Liberal, Kans., where he will
connect his road' with the Rock Island. .
It is said that Senator Clark and Walsh
will;: meet 1 this week -In -Washington and
there complete the deal whereby, they will
become partners In railroad construction/
In area limited to 640 acres, are given the same
rights as . freeholders.
The owners of the vast Mexican and Spanish
grants are excluded from freehold or other
privilege under this law, by limiting Its bene
ficiaries -to holders under the land laws of
the United States, and townslte freeholders aro
also properly excluded. .
The fixing of time of pastoral occupancy at
the year- ending on January 1, 1901. is to ex
clude combinations of capital forming for the
purpose of 'getting* leasehold control of these
lands, to the exclusion of the Western range
men and stockgrowers who now occupy them in
common..- ■.-■-,■-;■■ '. "•
' To absolutely guard the rights of all against
combination .by a few the leases are not open
to bid. There will be no auction at which the
strong can ovoiccmf- the weak. Every man has
his rights, defined by the law and none can
take thorn awzy. ■ -
The leasthcldei. btlngr compelled to pay for
th-* land h<* uses." w.ll protect Its forage against
extermination by overstocking. The vegetable
covering wttl. Increase" and will more and more
conserve j the moisture", increasing the means ol
Irrigation. . The. law proposes that the net reve
nues of the . leases shall be held by the United
Sthtes In. trust, for the use of the States where
it is derived. In --the- storage -and distribution
of water. Such .use of the. rentals will be the
devotion of an' existing public asset to a public
pui pose of j • supreme . Importance to the arid
"West, and "will render unnecessary the demand
that the taxpayer* Of the whole country be bur
dened fcr.tlu.t purpose by Congressional appro
priations.. : . - -: .... : ■•-.•.•
It Is intended that the bill snail. protect the
foraxe ■ of • th«v piiHlic range, get revenue from
Its use, defend thn rights of present freehold
ers, exclude no existing Interest, however small,
and shall -accelerate settlement and tillage by
conservation of moisture and the support of
irrigation.. •.'..■ -■-•.<
• "With !1»»s«»*«tk)» in view • It Is tubrattted to
Congress; by 01 cl*r cf the American Cattle
Growtrs' Association, through Its committee on
logis'aticn. ■■- \ • 1 • .
JOHN P.- IRISH. Oakland.' Cal.
HENRY. M. PORTKR, Denver, Colo.
A. Bw ROBERTSON. Colorado, Texas.
BARTLETT RICHARDS, Ellsworth. 2Te*>.
M. K. PARSONS, Salt Lake. Utah.
If your eyes ache after read- -
inj? or cjose observation, they
need attention. A pair of our
glasses will make them as good
as ever. Come to us and we
will tell you what kind' of
• glasses will relieve you, no
matter how complicated the
case may be.
Bemember Our. Name and
Number. ,
2l7Kearnev5tr 5.F.
TELEPHONE : ' -•- .,«*, tl tf TR fa
GRANT 33. IS&CiH Gil
LtLE'j'iSas- St CO.
222-224 GUTTER ST.
XMAS TREE ORNAMENTS—
Latest effects from European and East-
ern Markets. Another shipment of
the exquisite "PH1LIPHNE" Biscuit just
in, $1.00 per pound.
/ SPEGIALREDUGTIONS.
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDMESDAY.
BUTTER, Our Fine Creamery, sq. 40c
Reg. 50c.
MACKEREL, j^fs 10fckit$LM
Extra mess, XXX. This season's
catch.
COFFEE, "Kona," g£ 15 20c
Roasted and ground fresh dally
on our premises.
CLOTHES WRLXGER, Jl 9^. $2.U0
Guaranteed for one year. Roller,
RAYORING EXTRACTS, L. L. &Co.
2-Ounce. B-Ounce.
Vanllla.Regr. 25c 2Oc Reg. 50c 4Oc
Lemon. Reg. 23c 20c Reg. 40c 30c
German Sugar Wafers, 30?; tin 20c
Kreltsch T a, 'Wurzburg— seven dif-
ferent flavors.
AMMONIA, 51?; bot. 20c
"Greer's" "Washing.
AMMONIA, SI; , bot. 25c
"Greer's" Toilet— Rose, Lavender
and Violet.
CORN, famous Winslow brand, tin IOc
Fine Eastern— Sweet.
Reg. 12%c tin.
Reg. -$1.35 doz $1.20
SMYRNA EXQUISITE FIGS, lIPKKft,
l-lb. basket, reg. 33c 30e
2-lb. basket, reg. 70c...: «Oc
3-lb. basket, reg. $1.00 85c
CHUTNEY, Indian Condiment, bot. 30c
Reg. 40c. Full assortment.
•ORANGE BITTERS,"London," bot.75c
Regularly J1.00.
GIN, Holland, L. L & Co.'s. bot. 75c
Regularly 90c.
COCKTAILS, "Snnset,"
Reg., quarts $1.00 85c
Reg., pints, 60c ,"Oc
Miniatures, each IOc
Awarded the gold medal at Paris.'
Martini, Manhattan, whisky, gin
and^'ermouth.
ROCKlND RYE, W T& bot. 85c
L. L. & Co.'s.
Made of pure Eastern Rye and
German Rock Candy— good for
colds.
CLARET, a good old wine, gal. 35c
Reg. 50c. .
HOLIDAY CATALOGUE READY.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
Frcm San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
When Prof. Munyon *ay s his Drapepata Pore
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the truth. It will cure a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating: and .
over-drinking:. It will cure a stomach that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward making an old stomach act like a sound one.
At ail druggists, 35 cents. Fifty-six other curfc. '
Monyn, New Vorlc and Philadelphia.
MC5T05'S I5HA1EB CUBES C1T1BBH.
l&iiif >rSB « ffii bL^JG
aEgr v§2fcf |M Rfl W^tra USB
[a g b ra '2Cs Hal rq ria^
i 41 li Ball B3 -H A^sa
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL v
DISCOVERV
FOR THE
I BLOOP.LIVER.LUNGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1G0IU-
tor. and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NADER, ALFS A BRUNE. Agents,
123 Market St., S. F.— (Send, for Circulars.)
sf 3^ 0 RRR #fe Rifles. Ammunition. Fish-
n |S |qNI1 ing Tackle, Sporting, Out-
D Stil lnff Goods. Largest Stock.
|1| Mlli> n Lowest Prices. Send tot
m. M a«8 a Yj ¥l H Catalogue and Job Sheet.
. " " !^ . SHUEVE ft BARBSa CO. .
730 Market, oil Kearny
THE- WEEKLY CALL' :
$1 per Year.
56
MONDAY DECEMBER "2, 190 1.
PJOHN D. SPRECKELS. .Proprietor :
lUrtti All Cemmtioic*Uoai U Vf. 8. LEAKS, XltlfK.
JlAXACEIl'S OFFICE. .Telephone Fre«» 204
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone PreH 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press SOS.
Delivered t»y Carrier*, 15 Centi; Per Week.
Stnffle Copte*. B Centn.
Terms br Blall, Incladlntr rostngti
XiAlVT CALL anduaing Sunday).' one year M-W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). C months 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL-By Single Month G 36
6UNDAY CALL. One Year !•*•
WEEKLY CALL. One Year i-* 0
All postmaatern nre antborlced to receive
subscription's.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change of address should ba
particular to glv* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with, their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. . ........... .HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xaaiger Ttnlgn AdrerUsinp. M»rqnetU Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central I£19.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: ..•;
C. C. CARliTOlf ;... Herald Sanaro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 .Tribune Building;
« NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. n Union Square;
Murray HIM Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel]
fYemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 O St.. W. W.
MORTOX E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— ET7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until >:S0 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 632
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
»-M o'clock. 1M1 lUerton, open ontll 10 o'clock. J2tt Market,
oomer Sixteenth, opea until • o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
BBtU • o'clock. lM Eleventh, open nnttl » o'clock. NW.
earner Twenty-second and Kentucky,' open until $ o'clock.
2200 Flllmor*. open until I p. m.
AHTTSEMENTS.
—^— — —
California— "A Stranger in a Strange Lend."
TJvolI-'The Geisha."
Central— "The Streets of New York."
Alcazar— "An Enemy to the King."
Columbia— "The Girl From Maxim's."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— Matinee, "Le None dl Figaro. Even-
lm_"La. Boheme" and "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. 0
Fischer* »— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SATKft.
By Wb. G. Larng— Tuesday evening, December 3, at 7:45
o- clock. Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard street.
CONTINUED TRADE ACTIVITY.
GENERAL trade showed no material change
last week. The country's bank clearances
exhibited a slight gain of 9.2 per cent over
the corresponding week last year, the gain at Ne*v
York falling to an increase of only 7.4 per cent, while
Boston, Baltimore aud New Orleans showed small
losses. The largest gain of the most important citie3
was 427 per cent at San Francisco. The failures for
the week were 198, against 184 last year, and were
generally small and unimportant.
Wall street was quiet during the week, and the only
incident \va« a sharp break in copper stock (due to
the reported cutting of prices for copper) to the low
est point 5ir.ee the floating of the Amalgamated Cop
per coinbiiic. Otherwise the street was featureless.
The recent exports of gold to Europe, as previously
mentioned, have hed no effect on the market, as the
stock of monetary gold in the country November I
was about Si.I/O.cjoOjOOo, which is being continually
augmented by Pacific Coast receipts from Alaska and
Australia and the regular home production, so, as
one New York banker puts it, "the exit of a few
millions to Europe need cause no concern, especially
as it will afford relief in Europe, where most needed."
The same authority says of the current occasional
shrinkages in Wall street: "Had prices been allowed
to react to a mort. natural basis in response to the
United States Steel strike, the corn crop disaster and
the assassination of President McKinley we sho'tld
have now an excellent situation for legitimate activity
and advancing prices, but the powerful and persistent
manner in which the market was sustained against
those adverse iaclois made outside buyers hesitate."
The merchandice business of the country is proceed
ing smoothly, apparently regardless of what is going
on in Wall rtrcet. Scarcity of rolling stock ra the
great railroads is still hampering the output and mar*
keting of many manufactured products, and .some
iron mills have been obliged to dose down, not be
cause of lack of business, but wholly owing to their
inability to obtain engines and cars to deliver their
output. Yet the different works are turning out cars
an4 engines as fast as they can. This condition, while
working hardships in some individual cases, speaks
well for the activity in trade throughout the country.
As far as the call for goods is" concerned, it seems
as if the country never would get iron and steel
enough to satisfy the demand, which is breaking all
records, in spite of the increased production and the
recent advance in prices. The textile trades are re
ported in better condition, there having been large
sales of cotton goods for China, which have materi
ally increased* the export valuations of this product
for the year. The woolen : mills a # re: also actively em
ployed and the retailers and jobbers report a brisk
call for heavyweight goods. The boot and shoe trade
continues to send out good reports, most of the New
England mills being in operjton,' with an active de-,
mand for their output. Wheat has not changed much
during the past week, the price having been sustained
by the strength in the minor grains, which are scarce
throughout ,the West and Southwest, and by the re
appearance of the French as buyers in the American
markets. Thus it will be seen that the 'trade situation
is favorable all around.
Locally there is nothing new. The recent rains
throughout the central and northern .portions of the
State have enhanced the general feeling of confidence,
and the sale of over 20,006,000 pounds of prunes at
San Jose to an Eastern syndicate has infused new life
and strength into the dried fruit market.' Exporters,
wholesalers and jobbers all report a good demand for
merchandise, with easy collections,- and the retailers
are doing a brisk holiday trade. The situation in this
city and State is fully as flattering as in any other
section of the United States, which is saying a good
deal. ,
Tolstoy says that after, working in the fields he can
do his mental" work better thah'wheh he gives' his
whole day to that kind of work, which is equivalent to
saving that when in the fields he doesn't toil very
bard. . SHIM
FEDERAL RELATIONS TO TRUSTS.
PUBLIC attention has been given to the report
that President Roosevelt intends making some
recommendation concerning- trusts in his mes
sage to Congress, while at the same time there seems
to have been a presentation of the question in the
Northwest, where the Governor of, a State threatens
to attack the recent railway combination.
While much has been said, little is really under
stood about this question of trusts, which, in the
many details of most interest to the public, is~tiot as'
complicated as might be supposed.
The jurisdiction of the Federal Government extends!:,
only to matters relating to interstate affairs... Where
the question lies wholly within "the territory of the
State no Federal question is involved.' ; : "
Congress, by the Sherman anti-trust law, passed in
1890, imposed stringent restrictions and penalties,
upon all contracts in restraint of trade, and upon com
binations and monopolies; but of course the applica
tion of this act was limited to the Federal questions,
that is, interstate questions. It wifl b\ remembered
that some time since, in this city, the Coal Trust was
prosecuted in the Cifcuit Court presided over by
Judge Morrow, and judgments and penalties were re
covered in the .litigation, and it will also be remem
bered th2tnot very long ago the United States Su
preme Court affirmed the judgment of the .lower
courts which held that the great Traffic Association of
the Eastern railways was void..
There are a number of corporations recognized and
existing by virtue of Federal franchises, it toeing held
that the power, to create such Federal corporations
was necessary in order that the Government might
carry out its constitutional powers; but 30 one has
ever for one moment contended that the Federal Gov
ernment could clothe a Federal corporation with
authority which would authorize it to invade the terri
tory of any State and there assume corporate func
tions without the direct permission of the State itself,
except where the business was between the States.
A Federal railway corporation seeking to enter the
boundaries of California is subject to all .the regular
tions appertaining to all railways in the State of Cali
fornia. It can acquire its land only in the manner
pointed out for all railways, and, in fact, possesses no
immunity from State control except where, by virtue
of its extension through other States, it acquires that
interstate character which makes its interstate rates
and freights a matter of Federal control.
Foreign corporations, that is to say, corporations
organized under the laws of other States or of for
eign countries, have no power nor right to enter the
territory of any State and perform or do any business
within that State except by permission of the. State
itself. They exist in all other places than the place of
organization only as a matter of comity and not of
right.
The constitution of this State provides only that
foreign corporations shall not be allowed to do busi
ness in the State of California on any more favorable
terms than are. allowed to domestic corporations.
' From all of this it would seem that the question of
trusts, except in so far as a Federal corporation is
engaged in a Federal enterprise, that is to say, be
tween States, is entirely subject to and can be "con
trolled by the Legislature of the State. They may be
debarred from entering and doing business within
the State, -and why is this not a practical solution of
the trust problem?
In Texas, which has gone as far, if not farther, than
any other one State concerning the anti-trust propo
sition, a statute was passed which provided that any
corporation holding a charter under the laws of the
State of Texas which should violate any of the provi
sions, should forfeit its charter and cease to exist, and
that every_foreign corporation violating the same pro
vision! should be denied* the right and prohibited
from doing business witltin the State. This law was
upheld by the Supreme Court of the United States,
and illustrates that proper legislation by the State 'of
California will present to the people the solution of
much annoyance resulting from corporate combina-.
tions.
An anti-trust law placing proper restrictions upon
foreign corporations, honestly enforced, would obvi
ate most of the objectionable features of the trust
question, so far as the sale of the product of such
combinations in this State is concerned.^
FOGS AND DISASTERS.
BY. the awful accident of Saturday evening, when
.the ferry boat Sausalito ran into the San Ra
fael and sank her, one more lesson was given
of the urgent need for the invention of some adequate
method of guarding against the dangers of fogs. At
the present time we know of nobetter safeguards for
ships than those of moving slowly and keeping the
whistles sounding. It appears that both of those pre
cautions were taken by each of the colliding boats
during the heavy fog of Saturday evening, but they
availed little: In that fact there is nothing of novelty
and no occasion for surprise. On the foggy Atlantic,
and particularly around the British isles, where the
waters are crowded with shipping, accidents of' the
kind are numerous, and it is now recognized that slow
movement and fog whistles do not afford sufficient
security for ships in times of dense fog. - ■ .
The hurnan mind is not accustomed to rely upon
a single sense for the understanding of any phenom
enon. The eye habitually helps the ear to determine"
from what direction and from what distance a partic
ular sound comes to us. When sight is" obscured by.
a fog and we hear a sound coming to us out of the
darkness we cannot readily locate the position from
which the sound comes. Hence the frequent disas
ters that occur at such times.. The officers of each
ship may hear the fog whistles of the other and yet
never know exactly. where the approaching vessel is
until it is so near that collision is inevitable.
'» Over and over again efforts have been. made. to de
vise a certain method of determining at what distance.
two ships are from one another no matter how dense
the fog may be. Up to this time, however, all such
efforts have failed. Lately there have been great hopes r
that wireless telegraphy maybe found, efficacious in
solving. the problem.. It is believed that the apparatus
can be ; so 'arranged that vessels equipped; with* the
system would not only communicate with one another
automatically as soon as they came within a .fixed
distance, but that the instrument could be made to
disclose whether or no the ships were drawing nearer
after the first notice of approach, and thus .a clear"
warning be given v of '.the increasing danger/ 6f; colli
sion. It is to be hoped that these expectations will'
be fulfilled, for certainly some such method of giving
and receiving automatic warning is' sorely needed. ._
It is an old saying, "Accidents will happen in the
best regulated families." The wide acceptance of- the
proverb attests the. general belief that the complexi
i ties of life are such that no human foresight or 'care'
can guard against all possibility of accident^ We
must,' therefore, not be too prone to attribute fault. or.
blame for the accident of Saturday evening. In due
time there will be an official inquiry, and we shall then
learn -how far all precautions were exercised and _ to
what /extent there was negligence. With that evi-
THE -.SAN FBANG1SCO CALL^ MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901:
deflce before us it will be tittle to pronounce judg
ment. ; , ' - ' ■ _^ .': ' 'J^'/\J.<\
Enough is. now known to show that we may' well
tie thankful the loss ,of life has .not been' far greater
than it was. .It might easily have ; been. that the dis
aster.would have carried mourning into hundreds of
homes. As it was, most of those involved in the dis
aster appear to have acted with as much of courage
and coolness as could be expected of any mixed mul
titude of men, women and children under such dire
ful conditions.- Taking the country as a whole, the
Thanksgiving week was marked by a series of ap
palling accidents. They occurred in fires in crowded
tenements, in mines and on railways. Our local .dis
aster, .which might easily have proven one of the most
destructive of human life, has been one of the lightest.
CONGRESSIONAL CAUCUSES.
FROM the proceedings of the caucuses of the
two parties preceding -the meeting of Congress
the public can form a fairly correct estimate of
the conditions under which -the two will enter upon
the work of. the session. 'In the Republican conven
tion' ; there .was : perfect harmony from first to last.
In the Democratic, caucus, 1 . on the other hand, there,
was displayed so much of dissension that certain reso
lutions submitted for adoption had to be got rid of
by referring them to a committee, because to have
put them to a vote would have resulted in a split.in
the party v then and there. ■ .; ; -\" . #
As was expected, the Republican caucus unani
mously nominated General Henderson-for re-election
to the Speakership. In addition, all the officers wha
served during the late session were renominated.- It
is well known that Speaker v Henderson will make
very few changes in the House committees and none
in important places, consequently the House will be
ready to begin business about as soon as it is'organ
ized. ; , . ... ■
This harmony of action on'the part of. the majority
in Congress must be as gratifying to the country as
to the party. There is a great deal of important work
before Congress) and," to' accomplish any considerable
part of it, the session will have to be devoted to busi
ness from first to^ last. ': ; In' accepting his nomination
for : the: Speakership General Henderson said: "There
is always more activity at every Congress preceding
a Congressional election than at any other time. We
will require all the wisdom we possess and all the pa
triotism, for we have a great danger to confront, us
continually, and' that "is the surplus in the treasury.
I appeal to all my colleagues, Republicans, to keep
in mind that this is a danger, and that if we be wise in
the presence of that danger we will find approval of
the American people." From that speech it will be
seen that the Speaker will enter upon the work of
the session with a true appreciation -of the difficulties
before'.him. and no better guarantee could be given of
faithful work from start to finish.
. The Democratic caucus was notable, first, because
with two exceptions all those members of Congress
who have hitherto ' called themselves Populists
dropped their pretensions to form a third party and
entered the caucus as Democrats. On the surface
that looked something like the establishment of har
mony among the various elements of the opposition,
but the appearance was deceptive. Representative
McClellan of New York introduced a series of resolu-.
tions outlining a policy to be pursued by the opposi
tion during the session. No sooner were they read
■than a row began. Mr. Ball of Texas offered as. a
substitute the Kansas City platform. A discussion
ensued. Fitzgerald of New York said : "We ' can
never win if we do not discard 1 the heresy of free sil
ver." Mr. Ball of Texas replied: "We can never win
unles's'mcn calling themselves Democrats support the
national platforms of the Democratic party." Then,
for the sake of peace, Richardson of Tennessee, who
was nominated as the party . candidate for Speaker,
moved that all resolutions be referred to a committee,
which was agreed to, and the row ended for the time.
The various resolutions, or at least a report of the
committee concerning them, will be submitted to the
caucus at a meeting to be.ljeld early in January. At
that time an ; attempt will be made to formulate a
party policy with respect to the Philippines, ship sub
sidies, currency .legislation and- other important
measures likely to be taken up during the session. If
anything approaching. harmony of action be manifest
at that caucus we shall be able to learn from it what
will be the main features of the Democratic platform
in the elections' next fall. If, however, there should
be discord, everything will be in as much confusion
as ever, and we shalMiave to face once more a politi
cal guerrilla warfare, with a different Democratic pol
. icy to the front in every district.
GATHMANN AND HIS GUN.
BETWEEN -Inventor Gathmann and the army
officers who made the test of his great gun
there has developed a considerable difference
of opinion concerning the results of the test. It ap
pears the officers deem the gun and its peculiar am-:
munition to be virtual failures, while the' inventor is
reported as asserting that the merit of the weapon
was 'conclusively demonstrated.
The gun is 'one of the costliest and largest ever
constructed. It is, in fact, the largest of guns firing
the modern shell. It is 44 feet long, weighs 59. tons,
has an 18-inch bore and; fires a projectile 71 inches
long weighing 1830 pounds. : The shell contains
about 500 pounds of guncotton, and 4he theory is
that when the shell. strikes a vessel the force of the
exploding guncotton would be sufficient to shatter
it into instant wreck. In the tests made at Sandy
Hook the target was broken, but the army experts
after inspecting the extent 'of the ' damage came to
the conclusion that it was caused almost wholly by
the impact of the maasive shell. itself and not by the
exploding "guncotton. Should that judgment stand
the gun will . have to be classed as a failure, for the
great merit claimed for it by the inventor is its" power
to discharge a- shell *so loaded that when it bursts
oiothing that floats could withstand it if struck by it.
Mr. Gathmann in defending the showing made by
theguiiin the tests said' that while the first shot'fired
was not effective either of the; other two would have
sunk • any battle-ship. The • second shot, he alleges,
"drove back the plate of the target thirty-three inches
at. one end and a foot at the other, while the third
broke theplate in two from top to bottom and drove
if, back still . farther with its cofferdam structure
crushed and the timber braces smashed." . Had the
target been a battle-ship, he said, nothing could have
stopped. the incoming water, while the explosion of
the guncotton would have killed everybody on
board. - ■ . /
.Such is the inventbr's side of the story. ' Perhaps
in. thV end. the Government may be induced to pay
the cost of. another test, though such things come
high. >
,*; > Colqriel Bryan announces" in the : Commoner that
the Philippine' question will probably" be the chief
issue before the country;next fall; so it/will be. seen
the colonel keeps his car high up in the air and a long
way 'Jrorn thV'ground. •• . ..•,-'■ - -•-"*
BRITISH ADMIRALTY INVESTIGATING
A STRANGE GUN PRACTICE ACCIDENT
THE terrible accident on board the British battleship
Royal Sovereign while at gun practice, November 10, ore
the Greek coast, Is being inquired into, and in the mean
time the cause remains somewhat mysterious. One om
cer. Captain Spurway of the marine artillery, and five
men were killed— Commander R. Arbuthnot, Lieutenant James
and seven men more or less severely injured and ten men were
slightly hurt. The accident occurred with a six-inch shell, and
it was first reported that the breech had not been closed when
the shell was discharged, which, however, .is unlikely. An offi
cer gives his views in the London Chronicle and discards the
idea that the shell ceuld have been ignited by any fragment ox
smoldering cartridge left in the gun from the previous shot.
The probability is that there was a misfire; that Is to say, tne
shell had failed to go off when fired by electricity. It is the
rule when a misfire occurs to allow a certain time to lapse be
fore opening the breech, but in this case the time allowance
may have been insufficient and the charge went off just as the
breech was opened. Electricity; plays stiange pranks and may
in this case be the cause of the accident.
The British cruiser Thetis, '3400 tons, built in 1890 and first
-commissioned in July, 1892, has been -overhauled at a cost of
$65,000. Her steam trial of six hours under forced draught came •
off October 19 and gave results far in excess of the estimates.
The horsepower, was 112 short of 9000 calculated, but the speed
averaged 21.75 knots, an excess of 1.75 knots. The ship made
about 20.5 knots on her trial in September, 1891. and the recent
outlay appears to have been a good investment.
The damage to the armored cruiser Eurayalus by-fire some
months ago while under completion at Barrows has been sup
plemented with another accident. The ship was docked at
at Birkenhead fwhen the keel blocks canted and the vessel s
bottom , was greatly damaged.- The keel, - frames, inner and
outer skin, will have to be renewed. from the stern to tho en
gine-room,- involving an expense of $500,000.
■ • The London Engineer states that the Admiralty contemplates
changes in administration v/hich v/ill in a measure throw open
the designing of ships to public competition.
New records have been made with the British 9.2-inch and
12-inch guns, from which it appears that the former can dis
charge two 380-pound projectiles every thirty seconds, and the
12-inch gun can fire a projectile weighing 850 pounds at the rate
of one in thirty seconds. ;■ > !;.'*'£ ?.-
The Japan Gazette of . November 2 states that the Uraga
Dock Company is reported to have received an order from
the -American Government to construct six gunboats for
use in the' Philippines, and that Sakurai Jozo, an official
of the company, left for America on October 24 to se
cure the contracts. The cost of .these gunboats is esti
mated at from $75,000 to $100,000 each. The foundation
for this report is probably the recent recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy that six gunboats . of about
200 tons and' of light draught be built for service in the Phil
ippines. The late Congress did not authorize any such vessels
••••••••• .««»«■«»»»»»»» t
ANSWERS Xd QUERIES.
PALMISTRY-G. E. R., City. The Call
has discontinued articles on palmistry.
CAPTAIN BARR— M. S., City. Captain
Charlie Barrrwho sailed the Columbia,
is a native of Scotland. .
A DOLLAR OF '96— M. E., LOdi, Cal.
Eastern dealers offer a premium of from
50 cents to $1 for a United States dollar
of 1796.
PULLMAN CAR— Subscriber, City. The
coat of a Pullman car is from $11,000 to
$15,000, but some extra elegant ones have
cost as much as $25,000.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT— W. C, City.
Capital punishment is forbidden by law
in Maine, also in Colorado, Rhode Island,
Michigan and Wisconsin.
PRESIDENT'S SALARY— Clvis, City.
The . salary of the President .was in
creased to $50,000 • a year by an act of
Congress of March 3, 1873.
FRENCH REPUBLIC-W. F., City.
The present form of republican govern
ment in France dates from February 25,
1875, the date of the 'constitution..
VOLUNTEER'S * PA Y-Vet, Rohner
ville, Cal. Volunteers who came Into ex
istence under the act of March 2, 1899, are
not allowed two months', extra pay.
EDISON— J. J. S., City. Thomas A. Ed
ison was born in Milan,. Erie County, O.,
February. 11, 1847. He has two sons- by
his first wife. The oldest j is about 20.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE-G. A.
L City. The free admission day at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art is the first
Friday of each month, from 9 a. m. to 5
p. m.-
CARNEGIE— S. J. K., Watsonville, Cal.
The New York address of Andrew Car
negie is 5 West Fifty-first street. Thl.=i
department has not the name of his pri
vate secretary.
DIMES OP '31— H.*, Acampo, Cal. Dimes
of 1831 are not premium coins. Dealers
offer to sell such for 25 cents for speci
mens in fine condition and 50 cents for
such as have not been circulated.
O'DONNELL AS CORONER— Q. M. L...
City. Dr. C. C. O'Donnell ran for Coroner
of San Francisco in 1884, when he was
elected, and he ran again in 1839 for. the
same office, when he was defeated by R.
Beverly Cole.
CAPE BARROW— G. E. R., City. Cape
Barr.ow is in 71 23 north and 156 31 west.
There are a number of picture dealers in
this city that can furnish you photo
graphs of the northern country, but this
department does not advertise such.
THE. GHOST— A Reader, Georgetown,
Cal. During the production of the play
of "Macbeth* some individual represent
ing the -ghost of the dead . King . stalks
into the banquet room and takes a , seat
at the table. The ghost is seen only, by
the audience and Macbeth.
KIMBALL— A. O. 8., -City; Herbert C.
Kimball was chosen . one of the twelve
Mormon apostles in 1835. He aided in es
tablishing the Mormon colony . at Great
Salt Lake and in 1S47 became the coun
selor of Brlgham Young. He died in 1868.
STATISTICAL— O. R., Parlier, Cal. Sta
tistical information relative to new rail
roads, cotton mills, mining, etc.. can be
found in the Commercial, and- Financial
Chronicle, of New York. Bradsfreefs,
Poor's Manual of Railroads and the pub
lications of the American Statistical Ar
sociation of Boston, Mass. ' \
TAMALPAIS— Curiosity, City. Tamal
pais Is Spanish for tamale country, and
was in early times a word used to design
nate the country of the Tamale Indians.
The mountain in Marin County called
Mount Tamalpals derives its name from
the country wnere those , Indians lived.
SPECIAL ORDERS-E. S. C. City. Thla
department has looked at paragraph ,8,
special orders 148, Department ; of Cali
fornia, 1899, and as it is not of general in
terest, cannot give" space to it. ' It is not
of general interest to state that at a cer
tain time a certain captain was ordered
to report at a certain point.
BUILDINGS -- IN . CHINATOWN— A
Reader, Santa ■ Rosa, Cal. The majority
of the buildings in the, Chinese quarter
of San Francisco' are owned by whites.
There - are a few Chinese who own real
estate in the quarter, which they acquired
prior to the adoption of the constitutional
clause relative to aliens and real prop
erty. . ■ " ■ , ' . •*■• .
LEASED LAND— J. W.'.M., Alameda,
Cal. If a party leases a piece of land to
sow crops thereon,- but finds that certain
trees; are a hindrance .to; a successful
raising of the crops and he cuts the' trees
down with the permission of the owner of
the > land, the cord \ wood ■ that might be
secured from the trees vests in the owner
of ' the ' land and : not the tenant.' vi;' ■
A MINOR'S EARNINGS-rW. K. 'li.,
Vallejo, Cal. The law.' of •California is
that the father of a legitimate unmarried
minor, is 'entitled • to • the custody, services
and "earnings of . such", minor ■ during' the
period of , minority. . . So : in the " case cited
In letter; of jlnquiry; "a ;boy who ; earns a
♦« *»«. "and the Navy Department could, therefore, not
»nt?r into contracts for Se payment of which there were no
money ?n5Sr e ven?of the building of these boats the most
Hkely Place would be on this coast, where they can be built
as chef p and better than In Japan, notwithstanding the higher
cost of labor in this country.
The establishments of Ansaldo & Co.. the noted Italian firm
nf thiobullders. are numerous and second in the world In their
extent and Importance only to that of Elswlck The firm was
established at Genoa in 1846 and has prospered as evidenced
by Us many ramifications. It ha3 two yards at Genoa, engine
Dy us , o ™ n i.rrtaron» a. shipyard at Sestri Ponente. electrl-
Sl \Tho a t,s aTcoT^lnotntsevev & l foundries. The total area
cohered* by ' Ses^es^hments and -hops Is about 300.0W
!/r» v»rds and the number of men employed la approxi
mately 16 (S Between 1SSJ and 1900 the yard at Slestri Ponenta
hTs turnedout 33.S0O tons of war vessels and 82,300 tons of mer
chant shipping. The. engine shdfcs at Sampierdarena have a
chant snipping. i OCO motivea, 100,000 horsepower of martne
'nT^Sna!^^ filers and 1000
tons of blacksmith work.
The Italian torpedo cruiser Agordat. 1313 tons, has at last
Its steam trials. The keel was laid at the Castella-
Sdoekyard in February. 18*7, and the launch took place
October 12 1899 At her final trials the engines developed 4673
The French navy personnel suffers from congestion in pro
mo?on and commanders of twelve to thirteen years in tha
over their inability to get promoted. Le Yacht
we're' cS in Te w bu? whose political and social influences
EaV Tt%"tSm. onfofihree new French armored I cr£,er*
had a builders' trial last month, averaging 20.&> knots, with a
££ bottonV on 18.200 horsepower. The contract calls for .^
600 horsepower and 21 knots sneed.
• • •
Two Russian torpedo boats. Filin and Ssova. built at the
Nevsky works, St° Petersburg, had their steam trials in Octo
ber and made 2G.94 and 26.81 knots, respectively, under forced
draught It a subsequent four-hour trial under nine-tenths
Sler the boats made 215 knots. They are of 240 tons displace
ment. . . . .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Pa, what is a pre-glacial man?"
"Why, man before he had to pay ice
bills, of course."— Detroit Free Press.
Dolly— I wonder why that man glared
at me so.
Polly— Why. you've got on a shirt waist
just like his!— Puck.
"Money talks, you know," said the
waiter.
"Yes, I know," said the diner. "And
I'm going to give you a quiet tip."—Yon
kers Statesman.
He— You appear to be alarmingly igno
rant in horticulture. I'm afraid you hard
ly know one flower from another."
She— Guess you're about right. Not even
graham from white. — Boston. Transcript.
She— I thought that the Rev. Mr. Cross
roads was expecting a call to a city
church.
He— So he was: but after the members
of the city church heard his trial sermon
they came to the conclusion that he had
missed his calling.— Smart Set.
Sponger— What is that expression? Be
tween the "what" of a dilemma?
Kraft— No, you -cTon't. You -want me to
say "horns," and you think that'll re
mind me to aEk you to have one.—Phila
delphia Record. I
."What is he going to do now?" breath
lessly asked, the agitated young w^man,
with her eyes on the daring aeronaut,
who was clinging to his parachute.
"He Is about to se\cr his connection
with the balloon," replied her escort, "to
accept a position a little lower down." —
Chicago Tribune.
"Yesi' said the old inhabitant, "a mule
kicked him 'crost a ten-acre field, an'
when he landed a bull tossed him Into a
pine saplin', an' when he got thar a
cyclone blowed the saplin' down an' then
he give up . farmin* foreverl"— Atlanta
Constitution.
"He speaks of making headway In the
'teeth of the gale'.' " remarked the editor.
"False!" said the yachting correspondent,
who knew there had not been even a rip
ple. "Ah, then I will put it the 'false
teeth of the gale.' "—Philadelphia Record.
"I don't want to see Lydla when she
comes back .from that summer school."
"Why not?"
"Oh, she will be bursting with.knowl
edge, while the rest of us have been sit
ting around here in the heat forgetting
what little we know."— Detroit Free
Press. *
dollar a week out of school hours" Is
bound to give that money to his father.
INAUGURATION DAY— Enq., City.
The next time that inauguration day will
fall on a Sunday will be in 1906. It will
again fall on that day In '17, '23,, *28, '34,
'45, '51, '56, '62, '73, '79, '84 and 1990.
, A LITTLE BIRD— A. Y. G., City. "A
little bird told me so," a quotation that
is frequently used, is not from the Bible,
but it is probable that it is an adaptation
from the following. Ecclesiastes, x. 29:
"Curse not the -king, no, not In thy
thoughts; and curse not the rich in thy
bedchamber; for a bird* of the air shall
carry the 'Voice, and that which hath
wings shall tell the matter."
PUBLIC LANDS-L, Honolulu, H. T.
There are public lands vacant and sub
ject to entry and settlement in Alabama,
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California.
Colorado, Florida, Idaho. Kansas, Louis
ana, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi.
Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada,
New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma,
Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washing
ton, Wisconsin. Wyoming. For informa
tion about such lands application must
be made to the United States land offices
of the State or Territory In which the
party wishes to locate.
PRIZE MONEY AND MEDALS— G. C.
IX, and S., City. No prize money has yet
been distributed to the men who took
part in the naval battle in Santiago July
3, 1893. "The matter is still before the
Court of Claims.
Medals for men of the United States
navy who were In the "West Indian ser
vice have" not yet been distributed, for
the reason that they are not ready. Due
notice of the time and place of distribu
tion will be given by the proper authori
ties and announcement will also be made
as to place for application for such.
NAVAL TRAINING STATION-A Sub
scriber, City. A boy between the ages of
15 and 17 may with the consent of parents
or guardian be ' enlisted to serve 1 in the
United States navy until he , attains the
age of 21.vOne who desires to enlist at
the naval trnlning. station- at Goat Island
must undergo a^ physical examination by
the medical officer "of,- the ship and must
come up to the following requirements:
At 15, 4:11 feet high,* 80 pounds weight,
chest measurement; breathing * naturally,
27 inches; at 16, 5 feet'linch, 90 pounds,
28 inches. Must be able to read and
write. Must be accompanied at time of
application by- parent or * guardian. En
listments are made on the Pensacola at
Goat Island. % .
HOTEL DEI. QORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort In the world, offers best living, climate
boating. - bathlnff. : ' fishing and moat amuse
ments.. E. S,- Babcock, manager, Coroaado, Cal.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Rev. Canon Q. Mahony is registered at
tho Palace from Cork.
J. H. Bowea. an attorney of Victoria, B.*,
C, Is at the Occidental. v y
George D. L»unt, a wholesale Jeweler of
Chicago, is a guest at the Lick.
Louis Guridelflnger, a merchant of Fres-
no, is at the Palace for a brief stay.
E. B. Ryan is registered at the Occi
dental with his daughter from Menlo
Park.
J. S. Artist, a business man of Han ford,
Is one of the arrivals at the Lick. HI*
wife accompanies him.
E. W. Hasten, a member of the Cham*
ber of Commerce of Portland, Or., is at
the Occidental with his sorit
Bishop and Mrs. S. C. Partridge re
turned yesterday from their honeymoon
trip and registered at the Occidental.
They will sail on the Nippon Maru for
Kioto, Japan, where Bishop Partridge ha3
his diocese.
House of Whalebone.
A resident of Philadelphia, who has just
returned from a visit in Charleston, says
that a summer house made from tho
bones of a giant whale, with the jaw-bone
entrance large enough for a man on
horseback to ride In without bending his
neck, is an attraction on Sullivans Island,
just across the bay from Charfes ton, S.
C. Selections of "ribby" backbone ara
used for comfortable seats in this unique
resting place, and Captain John H. Dev
ereaux, In whose handsome lawn the curi
osity stands, has refused an exorbitant
price from a museum anxious to buy it
for perpetual preservation. The shrill
winds from the sea and the great waves
which frequently ride through the Island
In the hurricane season have added the
bleach to what was once the monster
whale of the South Atlantic waters.
This whale was captured in the harbor
of Charleston after a most desperate sea
battle. With steamers and. tugs and row
.boats running close and pouring in show
ers-of lead, the sea monster had to sub
mit and his mighty head was laid low.
When the whale turned into the harbor
entrance and swam toward the wharves
and tha battery he played out by the
"Grave Yard," where the water was deep
est. He was cutting and plowing through
the water when the pilots picked him. off
with the glasses, and the word went out
forthwith that an enemy was within tha
bar. The small boats moved cautiously
toward the "Grave Yard," where the sea
monster was cutting antics la twelve
fathoms of water, and when the attack
ing force increased in numbers the battlo
was begun. Every missile and every
weapon within reach was used with mora
or less effect on his whaleshlp. When his
snout was lifted above the water his
troubles started afresh and the attack
ing party closed in. The animal could not
withstand the attack, and his life blood
drained out. Then his body drifted back
and forth with the changing tide and
lodged on the Island beach.
Wagons loaded with cordwood came up.
and this was placed around the whale,
while buckets of oil assisted the fires to
burn. Out of the ashes the great bones
were saved, and the pick of them were
secured by Captain Devereaux. who
planned the ' summer house by his gate. J
The chief credit for the death of the
whale was due to General Wilmot de
Saussure and Captain Frank Porcher, two
expert sportsmen of Charleston.
Wife's Loyal Repartee.
It was at a National Methodist gather
ing, where the , much-mooted question of
the right of women to a seat in the con
ference was under discussion.
Chancellor J. R. Day, now the head of
Syracuse (N. Y.) University, was one of
the prominent speakers and he wasn't at
all in favor of the women. He said so
in language that was unmistakable.
A woman in the audience, the wife of
another well-known man, who- has been ■
a professor in a Methodist institution, f
was highly Incensed at Dr. • Day's re
marks. When he concluded she turned
to the lady seated next to her and said
with emphasis: "Well, I'm glad that Dr.
Day isn't my husband!"
"So am I," the unknown lady respond
ed, and then she added, with a quiet
smile,, "because he happens to be mine."
"You keep half a dozen of U3 dangling
after you," groaned the young man, de
spairingly, "and give each one just
enough encouragement to make him hope
he's the favored one. Pardon me for say-
Ing so, but you are what the boys would
call pretty smooth."
"Well, what else would you naturally
expect me to be?" said the handsome Miss
Slick, looking at him archly.
And he was her .willing - slave again.—
Chicago Tribune.
Walnut and Pecan PanochV. TWnsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Toirnsend's.*
. ■ w *■
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c. 40c. Look outv
for 81 4th at., front barber and grocery. <
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
goxaery street. Telephone Mala 10 U •MIScn F <T ' A1J ' E0 ' trs '
REMARKABLE
Furniture Bargain
The best productions of skillful manufacture, with prices that
offer you values rarely, if ever, equaled at this time of the
season. * .
This 3-Piece Solid Oak, Swell- (t*/ 1 )/} AA
Front, Highly Polished Chamber / \ fill 1
Suit; regular price $35.00. . . . .. \j \J
i-*51 ttnClPti C orn8r Sixteenth
H aiiUSlwll S and liission Sts,
FISCHER'S HALL
FOR BURLESQUE
Concert House to Be Re
modeled Into a
Theater.
Fischer's concert house is to be tufned
into a high-class buslesque theater, mod
eled after the famous Weber & Fields and
the Victoria theaters in New York. Not
only will the handsome structure become
a counterpart of Weber & Fields', but in
appointments the management Intend to
duplicate as far as possible the burlesque
successes that have made the New York
house famous. A burlesque stock com
pany which will embrace some of the best
stars in the country will be organized.
Mr. Fischer has taken W. C. Rebman in
to the scheme as a partner and the firm
will be known as Fischer, Rebman & Co.
S. H. Friedlander, the local theatrical
man, has been selected as manager for
the new amusement concern. He will
have sole charge of the burlesque pro
ductions.
Plans fcr the remodeling of the big con
cert hall have already been let and work
on the new theater will commence Imme
diately. The interior of, the concert hall
will be completely changed. A row of pri
vate boxes, encircling the entire house,
will be built under the first balcony and
another balcony will be built above, thus
increasing the seating capacity. New
opera chairs will be installed throughout
the entire house, from the last row In
the top balcony down to the first In the
orchestra.
The cost of the alterations will proba
bly run up in the neighborhood of $50,000.
The stage and proscenium will be greatly
enlarged to accommodate the biggest of
productions. A new electric light plant
•will be put in. together with a big switch
board and moaern novelty light-produc
ing appliances. The dressing rooms will
be downstairs under the stage. The en
tire floor of the concert hall will be taken
up and a new ore laid, sloping: gradually
toward the stage so that the people in
the rear can have an unobstructed view
of the players.
The new theater will be opened on or
about March 13.
SHOTS FIRED AT TWO
MIDNIGHT PJtOWLERS
Police in the Mission Have an Excit
ing Chaso Without Any
Result.
While Sergeant Duke and Policemen
Young and Prendergast were standing- on
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Valen
cia streets about 4 o'clock yesterday
morning they saw two men come out of
a small back alley running from Twenty
fourth to Twenty-fifth streets, between
Valencia and Bartlett.
The men walked in the direction of the
Officers, but upon observing them they
turned and ran up Bartlett street to
Guerrero and into a vacant lot. They
jumped the fence and disappeared. Ser
geant Duke called to them to halt and
tired several shots st the taller of the
two to intimidate them.
A thorough search of the neighborhood
was made by the officers, reinforced by
others from the Seventeenth-street sta
tion, but no trace of the men could be
found. It Is supposed they were either
burglars or foorpads and were afraid of
being arrested.
Found Dead in Her Room.
M!f? Alice McCormlck, aged 80 years,
was found dead last evening In a lodging
house at 1030 Howard street.
Death was due to natural causes. From
the condition of the body, it is believed
that the woman died pevcral days ago.
Specialists
Am>0*' tpictly Reliable.
xM^^^ Thc L » r £e«t Prac-
\T \M// 1) tice on the Pa-
ll 1 \ /i V / // - elite Coast.
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
wcakoeiss In a man under fifty years of
c«e, other thaa general debility. Prerr.ature-
nes*. loss of vitality, etc., are but symptoms
of eo^ie damage to the reproductive system,
caused by a. contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation. Id locking for tbe location of this
damtfe we gerceraJlv flnd an enlarged, swollen
and Inflamed prostate gland. As this gland is
the \-cry center of the reproductive eygtem It
• can readily be understood that inflammation of
It must cause disordered function. These cases
ere promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise the patient go~* from bad to woree.
The essential point in all of them is the neces-
clxy of tbe cure of the focus of the trouble in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness and become discour-
aged, when if an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted instead of tonics, a
cure would have been the result. In our ex-
perience there Is no drug In the pharmacopeia,
t&fcen Into the stomach, that will even beneflt
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment Is
entirely a local one and prompt results are ob-
tained, as indicated by increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which we mail on application. Is Interesting to
enr one wishing to study tbe anatomy of the
male.
Contracted Blood Disease
Cured by tho Injection Treatment.
After tenVears' uae of this method we have
had no reason to change; on the contrary, our
belief increases dally from reports of patients
treated who have married and suffered no re-
lapse. It offers the following advantages, viz.:
Eaves time for the physician and patient, as
well ac labor, office vlelts being rendered In-
frequent. Besides, little change is necessary
In diet or habits of life, tbe disease Is readily
concealed and permanent cure Is effected In a
short time, the stomach is not drugged and the
precise dosage Is obtainable. The expense also
is greatly reduced.
597 MARKET STREET. Cor. Siiiji,
LODGE OF ELKS
REMEMBERS DEAD
Impressive Ceremony Is
Held at the Grand
Opera-House.
The annual memorial service of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Eiks
was held yesterday by San Francisco
Lodge No. 3 in the Grand Opera-house,
In the presence of a Vast gathering.
The entrance, lobby and interior of the
theater were appropriately decorated in
black and purple, relieved by evergreens.
Over the stage boxes large elk heads were
displayed, while the stage was set as a
forest scene. On one side was a life-sized
elk, and a 1 stream of bright light threw
into relief a flower-decked cross, from
which hung purple ribbons bearing the
names of members of the order who have
died during the past year.
Thomas E. Dunne, exalted ruler, pre-
Elded. He was assisted by the following
officers:
Percy V. Long, esteemed leading knight; An
crew Carrigan, esteemed loyal knight; W. H.
Kent, esteemed lecturing knight; Herman
Kohn, secretary; George E. Hunt, treasurer;
J. P. Broder, tiler; F. E. Beck, chaplain; J. Gl.
FlUgerald, esquire; F. W. Thompson, Inner
guard; Charles F. Hoffman, organist.
The officers of the lodge, with a number
of prominent members, were seated on
the stage, while the center of the theater
on che orchestra 'floor was reserved for
members of the lodge. The memorial
committee in charge of the services was
composed of A. J. Carmany, D. C. Martin,
Dr. G. S. Backman/ W. H. Leahy, Frank
J. Sine, Victor R. L*lman and L,. F. Walsh.
The oration of Judge J. C. B. Hebbard
and the eulogy of Frank Beck dwelt on
the noble purposes of the order, which
stand for charity, justice, brotherly love
and fidelity.
The speaker lauded the many virtues
of those who had passed away in the last
twelve months and the names of Fred W.
Wickersham, Robert R. Grayson, Herbert
C. Porter and Mark Thall were called
amid profound sorrow.
The order of exercises was as follows:
Overture. "Funeral March" (Chibpin), full
orchestra, director Paul Steindorff; 'opening
ceremonies, the lodge; quartet, "The Silent
Benediction" (Lloyd), Elks' Quartet— W. M.
Ogilvie, Robert Lloyd, J. H. O'Brien, Ray B.
Kay; responses, officers of the lodge; opening
ode; invocation, Rev. Louis Chllds Sanford;
Horn Quartet, "Andante Rellgioso" (Lindner),
Messrs. Schlott, Huske, Dablow, Colvera; ora
tion. Brother J. C. B. Hebbard; barytone solo,
"My God and Father. "VVhJle I Stray" (liar-
Eton), Arthur Cunningham; in memoriam.
Brother HerEchel Mayall; "Agnus Dei et Lux
Aeterna" (Stanford), Estefania Collamarlnl,
Vlttoria Repetto, Domenlco Russo, Giuseppe
Ferrari, full chorus and orchestra, director
Paul Steindorff; eulogy. Brother Frank Beck;
"Ave Maria" (Gounod),- Estefania Collamarinl ;
benediction," Rev. L<ouls Chllde Sanford; or
chestra, "Btar-Spanglecl Banner."
SAN JOSE LODGE OF SORROW.
Garden City Elks Pay Tribute to De
parted Members.
SAN JOSE, Dec. L— The memorial serv
ices of the local lodge of Elks to-day in
Victory Theater were largely attended.
The services were of an impressive char
acter, the programme consisting of the
usual musical and. literary exercises. The
ritualistic work was conducted by T. F.
Bonnet, past exalted ruler of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3, assisted by the officers
of San Jose Lodge.
The feature of the programme was the
oration by Professor Burt Estes Howard
of Stanford University. It 'was a masterly
and eloquent exposition of the philosophy
of life and of the virtues of true man
hood. President T. S. Young officiated as
chaplain and the benediction was Invoked
by Kev. C. H. Mockridge.
A unique and effective feature of the
services was a transformation scene en
titled "A Silent Tribute to Our Absent
Brothers." k
A large delegation of members of San
Francisco Lodge of Elks was in attend
ance;
Dslmas Delivers Oration.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— D. M. Delmas
of San Francisco to-day delivered a brll
lient and eloquent oration on the occasion
of the annual memorial services, or Lodge
of Sorrow, of the Order of Elks. The
service was held in the Burbank Theater,
which was crowded by an audience of
twenty-five hundred persons. The stage
and body of the theater were beautifully
decorated with greenery and with royal
purple— the Elk color. The lodge eulogy
was delivered by Byron L. Oliver. . The
service was held In memory of twenty
two deceased members.
Drops Dead on Street.
The dead body of a man was found in
front of 336 Third street Bhortly after 3
o'clock yesterday morning by Policeman
Heinz. There was nothing in the pockets
of his clothing to lead to his identifica
tion. Heinz made Inquiries in the neigh
borhood, but no one seemed to know who
fhe dead man was. The deceased was
about 50 years of age. He was dressed
as a laborer and had a gray beard.- Heart
disease is supposed to have been the
cauee of death. 7 '•; ;
Benefit for Veteran Actor.
The testimonial benefit which was given
last night at the San Francisco Turnhall
Theater to Henry Maret, the veteran
actor, proved a flattering success. The
house was crowded. The feature of the
programme was tho rendition of "Rip
Van Winkle; or, the Sleep of Twenty
lears. The affair was concluded with a
ball.
Big Ecturna From Football.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Dec. 1.— The re
port of the manager of the athletics at
Harvard University for the past year
shows the receipts from all branches of
athletics amounted to J117.317 and the ex
penses were $78,238. The receipts from
football were &5.S10 and expenses $I9,6SS. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO UALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901.
MERRY COMEDY
AT CALIFORNIA
Bill at the Orpheum Con
tains Many Excellent
Numbers. »
Entertaining Plays Are on
This Week at All the
Theaters.
It was a big audience that packed the
California last night to laugh over the
funny complications of "A Stranger In
a Strange Land." -Fun reigned from the
rise to the fall of the curtain, at times
the laughter becoming so vociferous as
to delay. the action on the stage. It is
without doubt as good a farce as we have
yet had here, and the presenting com
pany is exceptionally clever.
An American Indian forms a conspicu
ous feature of "A Stranger in a Strange
Land." There is a real Indian and "two
bogus ones, and the complications that
arise from mistaken Identity are intense
ly ludicrous. The fun is so clean and
wholesome that one cannot fail to enjoy
this farce from » first to last. William
Friend, who has to do all the lying in
the farce, is very dexterious in the art,
and manages to wiggle out of the tight
est corners with a smoothness that is as
tonishing.
Charles Drake is very unctuous In the
part of the old uncle who Is always get
ting into scrapes, and F. J. Donnelly as
the real Indian gives a characterization
that is positively startling. The parts are
all well sustained, and the entire action
goes with a swiftness that fs only at
tained through long familiarity with th'e
different roles. Big business should be
the rule this week at the California. •
Next Sunday night S. Miller Kent fol
lows in Clyde Fitch's famous comedy "A
Cowboy and a Lady," which has never
been out to the coast before.
* • • '
There is a good show at the Orpheum
this week. The Dumond Parisian Min
strels is about as funny a combination as
has appeared here in some time. There
are three in the troupe v and each one Is
a clever musician. They sing and per
form on several stringed instruments and
while doing so amuse the audience by
their facial contortions. Their appear*
ance on the stage is a signal for great
aDplause, as their makeups are most gro
tesque.
Mile. Taglione is a good dancer and her
terpsichorean efforts are enhanced by at
tractive stage settings. The turn of Wer
den and Shepherd, illustrated song voc -.1
ists, met with a hearty reception. The
pictures illustrating the songs sung are
wonderful reproductions. Andy Lewis,
tae "Cocaine Fiend," is still on the bill
and is as popular as ever. The Kauf
manns and Goleman's trained dogs and
cats are still favorites of the audience.
La Belle Tortajada, vocalist and dancer,
did not appear last night, owing to sud
den illness. She will appear to-night;
j At the" Columbia Theater this evening
! the attraction will be the much-talked-of
! French farce from the Criterion Theater,
! New York, entitled "The Girl From Max
im's." From all accounts it is a lively
and laughable piece and well presented by
the company organized for Its interpreta
tion which As headed by Lena Mervllle
•in the role of Praline. "The Girl From
'Maxim's" is from the pen of George Fey
deau, author of the other clever farce,
"The Gay Parisians." Besides Miss Mer
ville the company includes Florence Ger
ald, W. H. Turner, Joseph Allen. J. H.
Armstrong, Harry Dull and twenty oth
ers. The next attraction for the Colum
bia will be Jefferson de Angelis and a big
musical organization in "A Royal Rogue."
The sale of seata for the engagement of
Misa Minnie Sellgrnan at the Grand Op
era-house Opens this morning. It is ex
pected that this engagement will be one
of the most successful in the history of
the theater. The first play to be present
ed will be "The Crust of Society," and
the opening performance will be given
Friday evening, December 6. There will
be the usual Saturday and Sunday mati
ness and the same popular prices will pre
vail.
The Alcazar Theater has an excellent
attraction this week In Robert Stephens'
romantic drama, "An Enemy to the
King." The drama takes for its presenta
tion almost the whole resource of the Al
cazar's strong company and will be ac
ceptably mounted and staged. Next week
"Christopher Jr." will be put on.
Russian melodrama gives way to the
home variety at the Central Theater this
week, with the "Streets of New York" as
the current bill of fare.. The cast will be
up to the usual mark and the manage
ment advertises a realistic fire scene as
a feature of the performance. They do
that kind of thing most effectively at the
favorite uptown house, and the drama al
together should prove a strong attraction.
At the Tivoli, with the clever young Pol
lards, "The Geisha" will continue to re
main the programme for this week. "The
Geisha" has so far been the season's hit
with the Australian Opera Company. The
piece is presented in most effective
fashion and most of the alert youngsters
have made individual hits. Little Daphne
Pollard, aged 5 years, will be Wun HI,
the Chinaman, and is as clever as they
make them all round. This is a show for
children, though it is Just as entertaining
for their s^lf-denving escorts. But no
child should miss ft. The Juvenile Opera
Company remains but two weeks longer.
The sale of subscription Beats for the
series of three symphony concerts that
are to be given by the San Francisco
Symphony 8oclety will open this mornine
at Sherman & Clay's music store and will
close on Saturday next. The single sent
sale will open the following week. The
first concert of the series will take plane
on Friday afternoon, December 13. and the
following concerts on the afternoons of
January 10 and 17. There Is every Indi
cation of a large and substantial interest
beinjr taken in this important musical
event.
Charity Martin has returned to Fischer's
Concert House and- will be one of the. star
attraction? of the Week's hill. Others on
the >ood list are: John Desmond; the
four ]>rners: Blanche Reynolds; Ben Lu
cier; Dunnln? and Grimm: Oro. Bernard
and Oro, and Hinrichs' orchestra.
• •• •
The Chutes has provided another strong
hill of novelties for its patrons this week.
New people ooenlngr to-day are the
Lockos. England's celebrated baer punch
ers: Lexndo Brns.. conriedv acrobats, and
Maud Frazer, Gotham's favorite slngln?
comedienne. The hold-overs are Leslie
Bros., musical artists: Levey and PRrent
invenlle Ringers and dancers, and Clinton
Montgomery in illustrated sonars. A series
of new moving pictures will also be
shown.
The Bight Thing in the Kight Time.
This Is the most opportune time for an
auction sale of oriental rugs before the
holidays. Mr. Mihran comes forward to
fill this need of rug lovers with his fa
mous stock augmented by the arrival of
delayed shipments, making in all the
most stupendous collection ever exhib
ited, which he will offer at absolutely Ife
gitimate and unreserved auction sale to
give the public a fair opportunity to buy
ruRS for holiday gifts at nominal figures
thus popularizing the good custom preva
lent in Kastern cities. Bale commences
"Wednesday, Dec. 4 and all week daily at
2 p. m. Special evening sale Friday and
Saturday. Dpc. 6, 7, 8 p. m., at 332 Post
street, near Powell.
Civil War Veterans) Meet.
The veterans of the Civil .War Associa
tion and the McKinley Post held a joint
meeting last Saturday arjd formally de
clared the charter roll of the latter or
ganization closed, it having the requisite
100 names. . ,
A. L. Rockwood acted as secretary of
the meeting. The candidacy of W H
Pratt for United States Surveyor General
was indorsed by resolution.
Lettered, in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name in
gold letters, free of charge, on pocket
books, traveling bags, cameras arid all
fine leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn,- Vail & Co. * ■ i ♦'
SEEKS IN DEATH RELEASE
FROM ALCOHOLIC CRAVING
J. D. Hurley of Oneida County, N. Y., Hangs
Himself From a Gas Fixture.
MAN WHO. TO FREE HIMSELF FROM THE DEBASING INFLUENCE
OF STRONG DRINK, SWALLOWED CHLOROFORM AND THEN
HANGED HIMSELF TO A GAS FIXTURE IN HIS ROOM.
|^ «.v ECAUSE he could not overcome
j_^J his craving for whisky J. D.
~^V Hurley, about 35 years of age,
. L-^/ committed suicide yesterday by
hanging himself In a room at
220 Third street. He engaged the room
about 1 7 o'clock Saturday night and as he
did not make his appearance yesterday
morning the landlady, Mrs. Leonie Mof
fet, went to the room and finding the
door locked called to Frank Wheat, one
of her roomers,, who climbed through the
window. He found Hurley's dead body
suspended from a gas pipe projecting
from the wall of the room. He had
knotted a towel and fixed it round his
neck, stood up and . fastened it to the
pipe and then, thrown himself forward
and strangled to death. He -was a* tall
man and one knee touched the floor.
The Morgue was notified and Deputy
Coroner Flynn went for the body. He
found 15 cents in the dead man's pockets
and two pawn tickets, one for his watch.
CHINESE MUST
PAY HEAD TAX
Prince Ching's Scheme
for Raising Indem
nity Fund;*
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 1.— Accord-
Ing to mail advices from the Orient, Chi
nese officials are resorting to all kinds
of means to raise money to assist in pay
ing the Indemnity agreed upon by the
powers. Beside a gigantic lottery scheme,
in which more than $1,000,000 is involved,
half of which will go into the indemnity
fund and half be given away In prizes,
and which scheme has received the sanc
tion of the court, it is now proposed by
Prince Ching to Impose a head tax on all
Chinese, whether residing within thfl
limits of the empire or in foreign coun
tries.
Prince Ching's plan, as submitted to
the court, is to send commissioners to all
foreign countries to collect the tax from
Chinese residents, claiming that, as .they
do not become citizens of other countries,
they should assist in paying the indemn
ity. Prince Chlng's project has created
considerable dissatisfaction In the south
ern provinces of the Chinese empire and
is liable to result in serious disturbances.
It is claimed that resident? nf the north
ern provinces were alone responsible for
the Boxer movement and that they
should be called upon to bear any ex
pense caused by their action. Chinese of
the southern provinces were friends of
the foreigners, 'and as most of the mer
chants in foreign countries are from the
southern provinces, the movement on foot
to resist the taxation for Indemnity is
rapidly gaining ground. It is said that
the Chinese abroad will refuse to pay
the proposed tax. •
Prince Chins, accordlnsr to Chinese pa
pers, says that if they refuse the burden
will fall upon their relatives in the
southern provfnees; that other oppressive
measures will be enforced against them
and that merchants abroad refusing, to'
pay the proposed tax wUl not be allowed
to return to their mother country and
Will be classified as traitors.
■ According to the Manila Times, Fiske
Warren of Boston, a Fillnino sympft
ihizer, who toured the United States with
Sixto Lopez, the FiHnlno emissary, was
held ud by the United States commission
upon his arrival at Manila, and. before
he was allowed his l*berty, was made to
hold up his right hand and swear that
he would refrain from any utterance or
action which would tend to incite resist
ance to his Government. "Warren accom
panied Rlxto Lopez as far as Hongkong,
where Lopez remained. Before Warren
left the steamer he was handed a cony
of the act paused by the commission with
reference to Lopez, after which he came
ashore under guard and- with -but -little
hesitation took the prescribed oath. War
ren's baggare w*»«* carefully examined bv
the authorities, but nothing of an Incrim
inating nature was found.
JAPAN'S CROWN PRINCE
$$£ '■ MAY SEE CORON A.TIO2T
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 1.— The steamer
Tartar arrived to-night from the Orient,
bringing news that suggestions are being
put forward In Japan for the Crown
Prince of Japan to visit England to rep
resent Japan at the coronation of King
Edward. . „•:
Chinese papers tell of a sensational af
fair In Chatong, Yunan. An old man
brought Into, the official yamen the heads
of his faithless wife, an old woman, and
her lover, an ; old man. He had killed
both. The 'ages of the three aggregated
200 years. ...
, Japanese papers have brief dispatches
telling of a collision between the Junk
Shinje Maru . and a ferry-boat off Toyo
fhima. Twenty of the ferry-boat's pas
sengers were i drowned. - '•■- : .*\
■ ■ , .. .
dated November 29, and the other for his
gold chain, dated November 30. Two
-iotes thatvhe had written in pencil were
also foundun his pockets. One was evi
dently intended for the Coroner and
reads: ■ . : ( ,
Dear Sir: Please forward my remains to Mrs.
Timothy Hurley, Vernon, N. Y., Oneida County.
J. D. HURLEY.
The other note is as follows:
Dear Mother:, Do not blame me for what I
have done. I cannot overcome this craving I
have for whisky.: Tell Ed for me to be pood to
you and never, touch the accursed stuff that
has put me in my grave. Your son,
' J. D. HURLEY.
My valise is at the "Sunset West" on" Market
street. J. d. HURLEY,
Vernon, N. Y., Oneida County.
Good by, auntie.
An empty bottle of chloroform was
found on the table of hi8 room and it is
thought Hurley Bwallowed the contents
to deaden the pain of strangulation. He
had also in hin pockets several tintypes
of himself that had been taken at the
Cliff House. . .
PIONEER EDITOR
QUITS THIS LIFE
William A. Selkirk An
swers Final Sum-,
monsr
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 1.— William Alexander
Selkirk died here to-day, aged 72 years.
He was one of the last of the earlier
newBpaper men of the coast, an > old as
sociate of Mark Twain, Bret Harte and
others who were Identified with pioneer
journalism in California.
Mr. Selkirk was born In 1823 in St. Loute,
where he received his early education.
He graduated from Columbia College and
cams to California overland in '1830. He
founded the Auburn Stars and Stripes at
the outset of the rebellion and ardently
supported the Union. He was one of the
founders of the S&cramento Bee and was
interested in the Alta California when it
was first published. In later years Sel
kirk gave more attention to literary work,
contributing to many leading periodicals.
His last active newspaper work was with
the Post-Intelllgoncer when L. S. J. Hunt
was its owner.
Mr. Selkirk died of heart failure, to
which his advanced years made him an
easy victim. He is survived by a wife
and two married daughters In this city.
Arrival of Now Garrison.
\ VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. I.-The new gar
rison for West Point arrived here to-ni&ht
from Bermuda, where the troops have
been guarding Boer prisoners, /{hey. re
lieve, tho 120 officers, non-commissioned
officers and men now making the final
arrangements for their departure for
Hongkong. ' The incoming force Is under
Major Guerdon and consists of four offi
cers and 174 non-commissioned officers and
m r en V S h f * or< r e which has garrisoned
West Point since September. 1899. will
embark on the steamship Empress of
China on Tuesday morning.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BALD NEWSPAPEB MAN.
Getting a Now Crop of Hair and Has
No. More Dandruff.
Everybody in the Northwest knows
Col. Daniel Searles, the veteran jour-
nalist and 'publicist of Butte. • Jan. 10,
1900, the ' Colonel writes: j "I- used a
couple of bottles of Newbro's Herplcide
with marvelous results. The dandruff
disappeared; a new crop of hair has
taken robt, and the bald spot is rapidly
being covered.". Herplcide is the only
hair preparation that kills the dandruff
germ thatldifes up the scalp in scales as
It burrows Its way to the root of the
hall-, where .It destroys the vitality of
the hair, causing the hair to fall out
Kill the dandruff germ with Herplcide. |
GIVE NEW 6.GHT FOR XV AS.
-«•»* /lv* 1 *1»" Make a present that
<*^«r' n • wl " be, highly appre-
•''■>J«*Ss£-")? v cla:ed tor many years
'VJ&P*^**^' to come - Mayerle's Su-
>J k V P" !or quality eye-
% C*\^k? 7 >q plasscs are sent by ex-
" fyStOZZjfviJ* press, with privilege of
trying tnem before
tn paying any- charg-ed.
Prices |3,- $10 and $13. When ordering state age,
occupation and also whether glasnes are wantl
ed for reading or. to see off. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. Graduate German Expert Optician
1071% Market st.y near Seventh, San Francisco'
HONOR MEMORY
OF J. M. GLEAVES
Masons Show Respect to
Late- Surveyor
General.
Hundreds of Friends of the
Deceased Present at
Obsequies.
Impressive to a degree were the Ma
sonic funeral rites held yesterday over
the remains of. James ; Malcolm Gleaves,
United States Surveyor General, who died
last Wednesday.
The services were held at Mission Ma
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission street, under
the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 1G9, of
which- General Gleaves was a distin
guished member. The members of tha
lodge were present In large numbers,
wearing the Insignia of the order. Fifty
brothers of the Scottish Rite Masons
took part in the funeral services, dressed
in the uniform of their rank.
Tke Mission Masonic Temple was ; too
small to accommodate the hundreds of
friends of the deceased who desired to
tender a last token of respect to the dead.
When the hall was filled crowds gathered
at the entrance to the building, satisfied
to get a glimpse of the flower bestrewn
casket that held the body of their friend.
The hearse which carried the body from
an undertaking parlor was .fplkrwed. by
carriages bearing the relatives of the de
ceased and the pallbearers. The proces
sion was met at the entrance to the Ma
sonic Hall by the Masonic fraternity and
escorted into the lodgeroom. The casket
was placed In the center of the room,
while an organ softly played a funeral
march.
The impressive service of the Masonic
fraternity was conducted by Master C. F.
Libby of Mission Lodge No. 169. He was
assisted by. Senior Warden William Ord
way, Junior Warden E. W, Tucker, Mar
shal Charles Janes, Steward Otto Stewart
and Tyler James Pannalee.
The eulogy was pronounced by Willliam
S. Jordan, who thrilled all present by his
recital of the life of the deceased. At the
close of the services the Masons marched
in procession around the bier and depos
ited sprigs of evergreen on the coffin.
The quartet of the lodge, composed of
Alfred Wilkie, E. C. Uoysen. Robert D.
Burness and Alexander Mennlce, ren
dered the hymn "Good Night" while tho
casket was taken from the lodgeroom to
the waiting hearse.
Preceded by the uniformed Scottish
Rite Masons and the members of Mission
Lodge No. 169 the cortege wended its way
to the electric funeral car waiting at the
corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets. The body was escorted by tl e
following pallbearers:
Dr. T. J. James, Dr. E. L. Howard, Frank
N. Marston and David Stark, representing the
Scottish Rite Masons; H. W. Thorp and J. "W.
Richards, of the Ohio Society; Judge George H.
Bahrs and Edwin Danforth, representing the
Ancient Order of United "Workmen, and Robert
Allan and M. Jenessy of Mission Lodge No. 169,
F. and A...M.
The electric funeral car conveyed the
body and the mourners to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where the remains were con
signed to their final resting place with ap
propriate Masonic rites.
General Gleaves was 49 years old at the
time of his death.' He is survived by hi3
widow and two sons.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the California Petroleum Miners' Asso
ciation held last Saturday morning, the
following resolutions, which bear the sig
natures of M. H. de Young, president, and
Dr. C. T..Deane, secretary, were unaal
mounsly passed:
■\Yherea«, Death- has suddenly and unexpect
edly entered our ranks and summoned to his
long home our comrade and fellow, director;
therefore be it . ••....»
Resolved, That we feel deeply the loss we
have sustained in the death of our beloved
friend and co-laborer. General J. M. Gleaves.
That we deem his death to be in the natu ;
of a public loss to the city and State in whlci
he lived.
That In him were united those sterling quali
ties that go to make the well rounded man and
an upright citizen, and that his quick appre
hension of men and of business methods, his
wide experience and sound judgment, and hU
love of truth and justice placed him in the
first rank in all the business enterprises in
which he was engaged. .
• Resolved, That the board of directors of the
California Petroleum Miners' Association, fully
appreciating his noble character, his lovlns
ajcial nature, sincerely mourn his death, and
that we tender to the wife and children of
our friend and comrade our deepest sympathy,
and beg to assure them that we with them
mourn for "The touch of a vanished hand and
the sound of a voice that Is still." and; that
we will ever bear him in appreciative remem
brance. ,
Resolved. That the foregoing be spread upon
the minutes and a copy of these resolutions be
sent to the family of our deceased friend.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• \A New Book of Verse
By W, E, HcNLEY
"r H nlev is f>nhifit the greatest living
E*gl'sh p:e\ Th*,prs nt v tiumt will ap-
P\ t -o all as tin ttjrk of a mas er. It i;
des gmi specially fi* Christmas. Al'racl-
vily bound, p r in td on sp ci I piptr, gilt
" . $1.60 Net
HABPEMBROTHEBS
Fr-nKIin Square, New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES 7^ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Lockos, L-eando Bros., Maud Fra-
zer, Clinto» Montgomery, Levey
and Parent, Leslie Bros.
NEW MOVING^ PICTURES.
EDGAR ROSE,
HIGH DIVERT s;;j
Thursday Night-— The Amateurs
|0 Telephone for Seata— Park 23.
ji^, RAGING
*™<S^_'J» . Tvery Week Day—
Gr v'i.r.V-i Rain cr Shine.
£W CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
ltaces start at 2:15 d. rn. sharp.
Kerry-boa ta leave San Franciuco At 13 m. und
12:.ty. 1, 1:3U. 2, 2:S> and 8 i». m., connactinr
with trains- stopping &t tbe entrance to tha
track.— -Last ■ two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenuu
electric cars .at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land., Also alt trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with fnn 1'nblo avenue cars at Four-
*.*enlh and Broadway. Oakland. These electrla
cars ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains Jrare the track at 4:15 and
1:45 p. in. and immediatsly after the last race.
'• THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
.CUAS. F. PIMCE. Secy, and Mir.
- AMUSEMIINTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE. V >
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Under the Direction of MR, MAURICE GRAU.
EXTRA FAREWELL. PERFORMANCES.
This afternoon, at 2— Joint appearance of
Mme. Emma Eamea and Sembrich In Mozart' ■
Opera, "LE NOZZE DI FIGARO" (The Mar-
riage of Figaro), with, an unprecedented cast.
Eamea, Fritzl Scheff and Sembrich: Carapaaart
and Ed de Reszke. Conductor. SeppillK
TO-NIGHT, at- 7:43. DOUBLE • BILL— "1x4.
EOHEJIE." Suzanne Adams and Scheff; De
March i. Perello. Gillbert and Scotti. Conduc-
tor. SeppiUL To be followed by "CAVAI*.
LERIA RUSTICANA." Calve. BrideweUj Sal-
ignac, Declery. Conductor, Flon.
Tuesday E\s"g, Dec 3, at 7:45— "TRISTAN
DND ISOLDE." Louise Reuss-Belce and
Louise Homer; Van Dyck, Blspham. Ifuhl-
maan, Reiss, Bars and Ed de Reszke. Coo*
ductor, Damrosch. . . .
Wednesday Ev'gr, Dec. 4, at *-Jolnt appear-
ance and farewell performance - of Mme.
Calve and Mme. Sibyl Sanderson. "CARMEN.**
Calve and Sibyl Sanderson; Salignac and Scotti.
Conductor, Flon. . . -- .
Thurs. Aft.. Dec.' 5, at 1:45— Farewell Matinee.
"TANNHAUSER." Gadskl and Reuss-Belce;
Dippel, Blass and Blspham. Conductor, Dam-
rosch.
Thurs. Bv*r. Dec 5. at • 7:45— Farewell
'Night, "LE NOZZB DI FIGARO" (The Mar-
riage of Figaro). With the same extraordinary
cast as on Monday afternoon.
Prices for the Extra Performances, $2. $3, (4
and $5. Seats now on sale at the Box Office.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
JoL l3>JU *A «• rA JU&jr i 1 V* U M*0
Grand Opening of the Stock- Star Season,
FRIDAY EVENLNG, DEC. 6.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.^
Limited Starrlne Engagement of ■' ' \
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In the Original Version of tha Famous Play,
The -Crust of Society
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 13c, 23c. 60c. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! i^^^
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp! "
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In the Success of Their Season,
"TBE GEISHA"
I MONDAY. December 9— Last Week.
"I1T TOWN."
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75o
Telephone Bush 9. , , ,
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Bumond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, the Onllaw Trio,
._ La Tortajada, Andy Lewis and>
Company, Mile. Taglione, Gole-
man's Trained Dogs and Cats,
Kaufmann Troupe, and the Bio-
graph, vv
. Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
VvIbUiwIEjIM LEADina theatbs
TO-NIGHT'S SfJf HTl
Every Night This Week— Including Sunday.
The Best of AH N. Y.
Successes,
famous "rm^ fU'WI
FUNNY FARCE, lilu Uin
From Maxim's."
Wittiest and Cleverest Farce Paris ever sent
us. The Sauciest Girl that ever Winked
.across the Footlights.
Next— Jefferson de Angells in "A ROYAL
ROGUE." /■ . . r '
BELASCO AHoTH&lESsfffig,
TO-jftGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Dion Boucicault's Great American Drama. Tha
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Big: Scenic Production of the Tear.
See the Great Fire Scene.
Startling Effects— Exciting Climaxes.
DDtrCC Evenings 10c to 50o
rKlLO Matinees 10c. 13c. 25o
• Nast Week-"THE ELECTRICIAN."
fS5?H E/VT R K -4 >
BELASCO & THALL.... Managers
TO-NIGHT-MONDAY.
I ENEMY TO THE 1116, 1
n »
ROBT. STEPHENS* Successful Romantic
Drama.
First Time at Popular Prices.
GREAT. ALCAZAR CAST..;
Superb Costumes! . Brilliant Production!
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
SEATS ON SALE 6 DAYS IN ADVANCE.
■ PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c, 60c and 75c.
NEXT: ■ "CHRISTOPHER JR."
TO-MHHT ONE WEEK.'
1 U l1|IUI1 ' • Matinee Saturday.
Wm. A. Brady and Joseph Grlsmer's N. Y.
Manhattan Theater Success,
K STRANGEBina
J±. STRANGE LAND
The Brightest Comedy Seen In Tears.
SEATS READY.
NEXT— Sunday. Dec. 15, the young romantic
actcr, -S. MILLER KENT, presenting Nat C.
Goodwin's ereat success. "THE COWBOY
AND THE LADY," by Clyde Fitch.
Complete New York Knickerbocker Theater
Production. '- Q
• SEATS THURSDAY. w
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
the Four Lerners; Blanche Reynolds; Ben Lu-
cler; Dunnlnar and Grimm; Oro, Bernard and
Oro, and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seata
25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
i On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the Wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad an3
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks— .
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans. J
78
OLYMPIC HANDBALL PLAYERS IN EXCITING CONTESTS
SOME OF THE INTERESTED SPECTATORS AND PLAYERS AS CAUGHT BY THE CARICATURIST DURING PROGRESS OF THE CONTEST.
OAKLND MEN
PLAY FAST BALL
Win the Last Game of
the League Season
Cleverly.
Oakland wound up the season of . the
California Baseball League at Recreation
Park yesterday by defeating the Sacra
xnentp team by a score of 3 to 2 in a game
replete ■with sensational plays.
The Senators started" bravely, scoring
their two tallies in the first inning. Flood
■was given a pass to first and stole sec
ond. He scored on Stanley's two-bagger.
Stanley reached home on an overthrow
to first by Babbitt of Hotter' s hit to third.
The Oakland men accepted some seem
ingly impossible chances, which robbed
Sacramento of several runs. With two
men on bases in the third, Hoffer lined
out what looked like a safe hit. Mohler.
at second base, made a grand stop, throw
ing the batter out at tirsL In the sev
enth there was a chance to tie the score.
"With a man on second, Sheehan flew to
deep center. Dunleavy went after what
the spectators thought a safe hit. Dun
leavy just reached it. stopping the gal
lop of the two men, who were intent on
Xnaking a rapid trip around the bases.
Oakland's three runs were garnered in
the fourth Inning. Mohler, the first man
up, sent the ball to the left field fence.
xna.king third base by dint of hard runing.
Frances was given a pass to first. He
played well off the bag and Stricklett
threw to catch him. Francks started for
second, which he reached in safety, while
Jlohler scored, just beating the ball home.
Stricklett, the Sacramento pitcher, was
in the air by this time and sent Dun
leavy to first on a pass. Dunleayy stole
second, Devereaux missing the bail which
•was thrown him. Francks scored on the
play.
With two men out and the score a tie.
Dunleavy took one of the most desperate
chances of the season. He played well off
third and as Stricklett pitched the ball he
started for home. Babbitt made connec
tion with the ball and sent it out to Flood
at second base. The ball fell a little short
and Flood failed to catch it. Dunleavy
scored. Babbitt retired the side, being
caught stealing second. This ended the
run getting. . «
Streib sent the ball to the cent* field
fence in the sixth inning and made only
one base on the hit. The ball struck the
fence ju?t at the angle and bounded back
nearly to second base. A few inches
either side and It would be good for at
least a double.
The Sacramento team was full of ginger
during the first half of the game. Davis
tried his best to rattle 'Waterbury, the
Oakland twirler. In this he failed. In the
fourth inning he put on a fiery red wig
and created much excitement.
The Senators secured only four hits off
Waterbury. This does not include one
Devereaux got in the side which took the
wind out of him. The score:
OAKLAND.
„ . , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 1 l 2, 0 3 \o
Francks, s. s 3 i o 1 4 3-1
Dunleavy. cf 3 1 0 0 4 1 n
Streib, rf 4 0 2 13 0 0
Eagan. lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
Babbitt. 3b 8 0 10 10 1
Hamilton. If. 3 0.1 0 4 o 0
Hanson, c 3 0 10 0 0 0
,Vsterbury, p 3 0 10 0 4 0
Totals 29 3 7 4 27 11 "2
SACRAMENTO.
_, „ AB. R. BH. SB. PO.'A. E.
Flood. 2b 3 1 0 12 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 10 0 0 0
Stanley, c 3 110 3 2 0
Courtney, cf. ...;.... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
.Hotter, rf ft. 4 0 0 0 6 00
Davis, lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
McLaughlln, If 4 0 1 1 2 0 0
Devereaux, s. s 2 0 0 0 2 4 1
Btrlcklett, p 4 0 0 0 1 2, 0
Totals SI 2 4 2 24 10 "l
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 3 6 0 0 0 •— 3
Base hits 0 0 0 2 2 111 •— 7
Sacramento 2 0 0 0 0 000 0—2
Base hits 1 0 12 0 0 0 0 0—4
SUMMARY. \V ;■•;'
Huns responsible for— Waterbury 1. Stricklett
1_ Three-base hit— Mohler. Two-base hit-
Stanley. Sacrifice hit— Devereaux. First base
on ' errors— Sacramento 2. First base on called
balls— Oakland 2, Sacramento 2. Left on bases
—Oakland 4, Sacramento 7. Struck out— By
Gtricklctt 3. Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Stan
ley. Double play— Dunleavy to Francks. Time
of wme- 1:40. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
McFarlln.
Wasps Take the Last Game.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— The last game
of the season was taken by the San Fran
clscos after the apparent loss of the game
In the second Inning. Iburg was touched
up for five hits in the second, netting six
runs. After that he was fairly effective
though the locals gave Hale poor support'
Kelly's errors at short were costly. Spies
was «ut out of the game in the third for
kicking too much against Harper's bad de
cision in calling him out at 1 first Hall
was hit In the eye by a batted ball and
Du Pont Powder.
B!ack Sporting,
Mining and
•.Smokeless.
Ask your deafer for
Q h Q 1 1 0 Loaded Du Pont
dHBIID WiC .Smokeless
C. A. HAJGHT, Agent,
226 Market St., S. F.
ALL AMERICAS
WIN AT SAN JOSE
With Heavy Stickwork
They Get Five Runs
in the Fifth. -
SAN JOSE, Dec. 1.— The tables were
turned on the National baseball leaguers
to-day by La Joie's All-America's, who
won the game by a score of 6 to 3.
This was an even break, in the two
games and gave San Joseans a chance to
judge both teams in all their plays. Al
though not such a fast and snappy game
as that played yesterday, there were as
many brilliant plays and more. heavy bat
ting. The two games just played are the
best exhibitions of ball ever given in this
city, and the local enthusiasts are hungry
for more. In fact, baseball has been given
such an impetus that steps may be taken
to put San Jose in the State League.
"Kube" Waddell did the pitching tor the
All-Americas and gave a superb exhibi
tion of his skill. He did not confine him
self to the box entirely, but fielded all
over the infield. He struck out five men
and allowed nine base hits.
Charley Doyle, a San Josean and a mem
ber of the Sacramento team, pitched for
the Nationals. His work almost equaled
that of his famed opponent. He struck
out five men and but ten hits were made
off his delivery. He seemed to have a
grudge against several of the men who
faced him, as he succeeded in hitting
three of them.
La Joie, whose fame Is second to none
other, played a great game. His style of
playing was greatly admired. The stick
work of both teams was terrific. Nineteen
base hits were made in the game. Stein
feldt secured a three-bagger. La Joie two
two-baggers and Davis and Chance one
each. Bradley, the third baseman of the
All-Americas, made three base hits.
Steinfeldt. Van Haltren and Carr also did
eood stickwork.
The All-Americas made the first score
in their halt of the second. They were
tied by the Nationals in the fourth. Ter«
rifle batting by the All-Americas secured
five runs in the fifth. The Nationals
made another run in their half of ■ the
inning and scored again in the seventh.
The score follows: »
ALL-AMERICAS.
- v . .• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Barrett, cf 4 110 0 0 0
Pickering, rf 3 1 0 0 2 0 0
Davis, lb 4 1 2 0 14 1 1
La Joie. 2b 3 12 0 2 4 0
Irwin. ss 4 0 0 0 16 0
Fraser. If 4 0 10 0 0 0
Bradley, 3b 4 13 0 10 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
Waddell, p' 3 110 110
Totals 33 6 10 0 . 27 13 1
NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. cf 4 0 2 0.00 0
Mertes, 2b 4 1 1 0 2 2 .0
Chance, c 3 0 10 6 0 1
Beckley. lb 4 0 0 0 8 <0 1
Steinfeld. ss 4 12 0 10 0
MeHale. 2b 4 0 10 2 10
Hulen. If 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Carr. rf 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Doyle, p ....: 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 35 3 9 0 24 « 2
SCORE BY INNINGS.
All-Americas 0 10 0 5 0 0 0 0—6
Nationals 0 0 0 110 10 0—3
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Steinfeld. Two-base hits-
La Jole (2). Davis. Chance. First base on called
balls— All-Americas 1. Struck out— By Wad
dell 5. by Doyle 6. Hit by pitcher— Steinfeld.
Waddell and La Joie. Umpire — CantiUon. Scorer
— Walter. Time of game-One hour and fifteen
minutes.
Still Discuss Henley Regatta.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— The decision of the
Henley stewards to admit foreign crews
to the regattas receives much attention
from the Sunday papers. A Cambridge
man, .writing to the Sunday Times, says:
"The features of American life which
Dickens caricatured are dead. The typi
cal American is keenly anxious to excel.
It is the .Henley grand cup the Ameri
cans want to 'win and It ts the grand cup
we take pride in defending. It is the
severest test of pluck and endurance to
be found in the country and If we are to
battle with crews from over the seas let
us continue to meet them where «the.
crowning- qualities of oarsmanship are
most effectively displayed.
had to retire. The same was slow and at
times dragged tiresomely. Score:
LOS AXGEIES.
AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. 'E.
Bowman, rf & If.... 6,1 0 0 1 0 0
Hemphill, If & 3b... 4 1 0 0 5 10
Atherton, 2b 4 ,0 1 0 1 2-1
Householder, cf 5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Kihm. lb & c 5 110 9 1 0
Hail. 3b 3 1 10 0 1 2
Hartwell, rf 10 0 0 0 » 0 0
Kelly, ss ...". 2 10 0 3 2 3
Hies, c 2 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hutchineon, lb 2 0 2 0 8 0 0
Hale, p 4.120130
Totals 37 7 9 1 27 10 ~6
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. ss 4 2 0 1 3 4 0
Wilson, c 6 3 2 11 0 ' 0
Hlldebrand, If 5 2 10 1 0,1
Schwartz, 2b ........ 3 0 2 0 1 2 0
Pabst. cf 4 0 2 0 3 0-1
Brockhoff, 3b B10 11 4 1
Bhay, rf 5 0 1 10 0 1
Graham, lb ....'...... 4 0 0 0 16 1 0
Iburg. p 4 0 2 2 1 6 ,0
Totals 39 8 10 . 6 27 17 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ...» 0 60000100—7
Base hits .....14 1 0 1 0 2 0 0—9
San Francisco ......... 2 00 00 0 3 3 O-^ 8
Base hits 10 112 1 1~3 0—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 1, Iburg 2. ' Two
base hits— Hutchlnson/ Pabst, Wilson,- Hilde
brand. Sacrifice hits— Hall. Schwartz. ..First
base on errors— Los Angeles 2, San Francisco
4. First base on called balls— Lo« Angles 2,
San Francisco 2. Left on bases— Los Angcleu
7. San Francisco 8. Struck out— By Hale 2
by Iburg 1. Hit by pitcher— Hemphill, Kelly,
Schwartz. Time. 2:10. . Umpire-Harper. /,.•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901;
COURTS RE-ECHO WITH CHEERS
APPRECIATIVE OF CLEVER PLAYS
George Janes,\Tlember of the Junior Class, Shows Great
Promise in His Semi=Final Hatch Game.
&y|-rfHB galleries at the Olympic Ath-
I letic Club handball court were
;•; II crowded to their utmost capacity
jl yesterday, the occasion being the
semi-final games in the 'big tour
nament which has been in progress dur
ing the past two weeks. The majority
of the contestants were closely matched,
several exciting games resulting. .
Captain George James defeated William
Cartwright after making a slow start.
Cartwright won the first game and harl
ten. points in the second' when James
awoke to the necessity of being up and
doing. He then put on extra, steam,
and won the next two ganies and the
match.
The most exciting contest of the day
DENSE FOG AND HEAVY SEAS
DAMAGE SHIPS ALONG COA5T
ALL kinds of craft seemed to have
a bad time of it Sunday. The Co
lumbia came in with her starboard
deckhouses stove in and her cab-
ins flooded. The Argyll was in
trouble off port early in the morning, the
Examiner newspaper boat, was stalled in
Oakland Creek and the launch Crowley
went ashore at Bakers Beach, the cap
tain thinking he was at Tiburon. It took
the tug Liberty to get the Crowley into
deep water again.
It was not until 11 a. m. before. the fog
began to lift, and then it came up only
an inch at a time. By ,2 p. m., however,
the bay was clear enough for the ferry
boats to resume their regular runs. The
first to take up her schedule was the Sau
salito, and later the Tiburon joined in
and then came the Oakland boats.
HEAVY WEATHER ON THE BAB.
Steamship Columbia Had Hard Time
Leaving Astoria.
The steamship Columbia, which arrived
from Portland Yesterday, had a hard time
of it crossing out. When on the Colum
bia River bar she was struck by three
seas in succession and at one time the
crew feared she was gong down. The
cabins and fireroom were flooded, and
the firemen had to seek the upper deck
in a hurry. About. fifty feet of the cabin
was •carried away, and Captain Doran
had to study his charts in three feet of
water.
When the Columbia came in yesterday
she looked as thougn a cyclone had
struck her, and the passengers will one
and all swear that a cyclone alone was
responsible for the damage. .
Panama Steamship Arrives.
The Panama Railroad Company's Ar
gyll arrived. from the isthmus yesterday.
She brought only three cabin passengers,
but had eighteen in the steerage. The
vessel had an experience with an earth
quake in midocean about two months
ago. While at Panama the; officers of
the steamship saw boys of 10 and 12
years pressed into the military service
and children ndt , -ready to leave school
carrying a musket. The rebels seemed
to be getting the worst of the fight, and
no man in Panama could call his soul his
own. \:'-x.^'
. "Panama is all right Just the same,"
said one of the officers yesterday, "., "and I
think the canal will go through."
Water Front Notes.
The steamship Meteor was. delayed on
account of the fog, but got away yester
day for the Sound.
The Hyades was also delayed, but got
away yesterday morning when the. fog
lifted. - -.-a
The Nippon Maru will probably get in
from the Orient to-night. •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and. Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watrrs at Fort Poiht. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low- • water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street ' wharf) ■ about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 2.
Sun rises ...'........'.......7:08
Sun sets .'. 4:50
Moon rises (third quarter) .'.".".;. 0:00 a. m.
ITinie Time • - Tima Time
Date Ft. Ft. * Ft. — — Ft.
• H W L W H W • L W ,
2 .'. 5:10 6.4 11:04 2.5 '4:44 4.3,10:51 0.8
3 ... 6:56 15.5 12:19 2.1 6:04 4.0 11:46 1.2
4 .. 6:45 5.6 1:20 1.7 7:20 3.9 ...........
L W H W L W H W
6 .. 0:41 1.6 7:30 .5.7 .2:10 .1.1 S:30 4.0
6... 1:28 2.0 8:10 ->5.8 2:55 0.7 9:30 4.0
7... 2:10 2.3 8:47 5.9 3:35 .0.3 10:25 4.1
8 ... 2:50 2.6 9:21 5.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the 1 tides
the early morning tides are : given In the ■ left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day," except when. there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The . heights given ■ are . in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey . charts, except when a minus, (—>
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
IJ'M'WiiJWL 11 iMiWJll l'HJIIlflid l li"l II'IIji
was between Levy and Janes. The latter
is a member of the junior class, but is
a finished j handball player. He won the
first game, 21 to 16; lost the second one
\o Levy, 14 to 21, and was beaten but one
point in the deciding game. When he gets
older and stronger he will take a lot of
beating.
IT. I. Fitzpatrick and - Max Rosenfeld
played a remarkably close game, replete
with clever work. The latter won by a
score of 15—21, 21—20, 21— 20. !
Jack Gleason did not seem quite up to
his game, and was defeated by Henry
Rusa. who showed great skill and en
durance.
M. Green found no difficulty in defeat
ing "Jack" Tait. The latter was slow
and uncertain.
To-night the games will be: Second
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower lo-vy waters.- ; ; ■ .., '. _ -•
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.. • From. Due.
Edith........... Seattle Dec. 2
Iaqua.. ........ Humboldt Dec. 2
Newburg......; Redondo Dec. 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 2
J. S. Kimball.. Seattle & Tacoma .... Dec. 2
Sequoia.. Portland Dec. 2
Mim-ola Nanaimo Dec. 2
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 3
Eureka Eureka Dec. 3
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 3
Chile Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 3
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan....... Dec. 3
UmatiUa.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 3
Mattcawan Tacoma Dec. 3
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 4
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 4
Progreso Seattle Dec. 4
Asuncion Tacoma Dec. 5
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 5
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay Dec. 5
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcm Dec. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 5
Corona .*. .. Newport & Way Ports Dec. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena .'...Dec. 6
Rival;.... Willapa Harbor Dec. 6
G. W. Elder.. » Portland & Astoria Dec. 6
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 7
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec. 7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
Peru... China & Japan Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. H
Pomona : Humboldt Dec. 11
Alameda Honolulu Dec." 11
TO SAIL.-
Steamer. ■ Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 2.
Empire Coos Bay 9 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 4 pm Pier 13
Totmes Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 27
Despatch — . Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 16
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 3.
Pomona : Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Newburg .' Grays Harbor: 5 pm Pier 2
Doric China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
'December 4. ■
Sequoia Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 5. .
Eureka Homboldt 9 am Pier 1.1
Sierra......... Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
December G.
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Portland & Coos B Pier 16
December 7. -
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier It
San Pedro Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Curacao. Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Chile..... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado..... Grays Harbor ■ 5 pm Pier 2
December 8.
Rival ..'. Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay Pier —
• ' ' • ■■■•■■'. . December 9. .
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 1 pm PMSS
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Argyll... N. Y. via • Panama 2 pm Pier 1J
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . From. Due.'
Al-Ki.. ........ Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 2
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha Valdez & Kodlak Dec. 10
Ell Thompson. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Shipping Intelligence.
arrived!
*- ,' Sunday,' December 1.
Stmr Arcata, ' Nelson, 84 hours, from Coos
Bay. •
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 12 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18V4 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Argyll, Gilbor, 13 days and 6 hours from
Panama. . . > .
,' Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 38 hours from
San I Pedro.
■ Stmr Columbia, Doran, 64% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 50% hours. ■ -. . ,v
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 ' hours
from San Diego and way ports. / .
Stmr Whitesboro,' Olsen, 16 hours . from
Greenwood: •
;■ Stmr Celia, Adler, 22 hours from Mendoclno.
Nor • Etmr Tellus, Pedersen, 103 hours from
Ladysmlth.
Bark Fresno. Peterson. 19 days from Port
Gamble. • - . . :•
SAILED.
■ Sunday, December 1.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander,' for San Diego
Stmr South • Coast, ■ Olsen, -for Eureka. »•
St^mr Luella, Madsen, : for Caspar. •
■ Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, for Greenwood.
- Stmr. Brunswick, • Anderson, ! for San Pedro.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, for Seattle and
Port . Hadlock. ' : •»
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, . for . Eureka. ":'.'■
■ Stmr Meteor, Jensen, for Eureka. • '
- Stmr National City, Dettmers, for Fort
Bragg.' - . '.-. ... . • • , ■
., Br ship . Balasore, Lloyd, for Liverpool.
Fr. bark Edmund Rostand, < Dieulangard, for
Queenstown. , . ■■-.-■
class— Bowman vs. Pockwitz, Janes vs.
Powers, Crahle vs. Tait.
Third class — Cunningham vs. Sherry,
Clough vs. Wegener.
To-morrow right Cartwrlght will play
Hewson and Gleason will meet Pender
gast. The results in.. full ot the games
yesterday are as follows:
First Class — George James 14 21 21
William Cartwright 21 11 14
Henry Russ 21 20 21
Jack Gleason 15 21 14
Second Class— M. Green -Zl 21
J. Tait.. 9 8
L. Levy : ~ 16 21 21
George Janes 21 . 14 20
Third Class— C. K. Kelrose 21 21
J. A. Cunningham ..". 7 5
Max Rosenfeld 15 ' 21 21
T. I. Fitzpatrick 21 20 20
' Br shiD British > Isles, Saundersl ' t or Queens
town.
Schr Jennie Griiflth. Campbell, for Point
Barj?e Santa Paula, McGovern, for Ventura,
in tow tuff Rescue.
ARRIVED OFF THIS PORT.
• . Sunday. December 1.
Br ship Glenericht, Quinn. 44 days from Val
paraiso, arrived oft this port and was ordered
to proceed to Port Townsend.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 1. 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind calm.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr "Westport— Picked up a boat belong
ing to wrecked stmr San Rafael, oft Point Bo
nita. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Capt Dent, foreman of Arctic Oil Works at
Potrero, picked up a boat belonging: to wrecked
stmr San Rafael, off Point Bonita, containing
7 life preservers. 2 shot guns and a purse.
Steamr launch Scout, belonging- to D Crow
ley & Sons, went ashore night of Ncv 30 dur
ing a dense fog in Bakers Beach, and remained
all night; was towed off by tug -Liberty Dec 1.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
O , RT^ TOWNSEND-Arrived Dec 1-Bark
Tidal Wave, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Dec I— Schf Irene, for Valoaraiso. :
ASTORIA-Arrived Dec 1-Stmr Geo W El
der, hence Nov 29. ■ ■■ • y
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Nov 29.
BOWEN'S LANDING— Sailed Deo 1— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
. T; FOREIGN PORTS.
ST VINCENT— Arrived prior to Nov 30— Br
stmr Glamorganshire, from Astoria, for Hull.
. OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW TORK— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Cymric
from Liverpool: stmr La Oaacotrne, from
Havre: stmr Minneapolis, from London 1 stmr
Palatla, from Hamburg; stmr Potsdam, from
Rotterdam and Boulogne: stmr Umbrla, from
Liverpool and Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Iver
nia. from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded
Sailed Dec 1— Stmr Lucanla, for New York
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Vaderland.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Etruria.
from New Yorl*. • . ■ . ■
' Sailed Dec. 1— Stmr Vancouver, for Portland
Maine. .
SUEZ— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Hyson, from Ta
coma, via Hlogo, Hongkong, Manila and Singa
pore, for London.
Oakland Race Entries.
The entries at Oakland this afternoon
are as follows:
First race— Five and a half furlongs, purse
maiden two-year-olds. ■
2261 Sir Claus 110 .... Billy Vice Jr 105
2S90 The Maniac. ...110 2902 Senator Bruce'ioa
2873 Annie Max ....105 2902 Llllle Dale ..."lO5
2902 Major Bird 113 2902 St. Chester... 108
Second race-^Slx and a half furlongs, selling;
three-year-olds' and upward. • ■ ,
2912 Sea Lion .......117 2091 Graylette .... 109
'28S6)Dlderot ........104 2913 Herculean .. ill
2908 Talna 109 2901 Ben Ledl .. 11]
Third race— Five furlongs, selling; two-year
olds.- . '
.... TImberlake ....115 2873 Nonle ....... 115
2831Jerry Edwards.115 2878 Schwarzwald 'll8
2S63 Sol 115 2899 St. Sever .... Ill
2910 Dr. Scharft ...118 2868 Flattered 115
Fourth race — One mile, handicap; three-year
olds. . .■* ■• • :
2869 Obia. i7|(2877)Galanthus ..... 91
2845 Brutal ;....:... 90/ 2904 Autollght :..... 117
Fifth race— One mile, selling: four-year-olds
and. upward. ■ - .
2830 Senator Matts.112 (2889)HohenIohe * 115
2913 The Singer 112 (2903)Rose of Hllo"lP
2903 Romany 107 28S6 Lost Girl 107
\ Sixth race— Seven furlongs, selling: three
>ear-olds and upward. . • "" CB .
2903 Go Out . " ;..110 2908 Rlnaldo . ' 101
2913 Plohn ' .110 2903 Trimmer iv.HO.lM
2S9S Burdoc ....:.... 39 2907 Disturber ill
2903 Urchin .........107 2SS1 Redwald - 113
2880 Rushflelds .....113 2884 Caneio 107
2882 El Rey ......... S»4 2913 Wyoming "."".uo
Selections for To-Day.
First race— The' Maniac, St. Chester, Major
Bird.' ; , .
Second race— Diderot. Herculean, Sea Hon. 1
Third race— :St. Sever, . Nonle Sol.
Fourth * race— Obla.\ Autolight. \ Galanthus. •
Fifth race— Rose of Hilo. • Hohenlohe, The
Sineer. '■ ,- ' - '.'■) '■, ; :. ," ■ ■ .
Sixth race— El Rey, Redwald, Wyoming.
Turfman Ellison Arrives.
Charley Ellison^ the well-known plunger
and . owner of horses, arrived - here from
Chicago yesterday. Charley brought no
stable with him, but will '. try and make
it interesting for the books. .
The. rolling stone is too busy having fun
with- the bicycle rider to gather any moss.
PISTOL EXPERTS
AT THE TARGETS
Columbia Club Members
Show Skill With
"Weapons.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
members held their regular weekly shoot
yesterday at Harbor View. Some excel
lent scores were made. A. H. Pape made
ten scores of three shots each that count
ed 99 points. The shots averaged on tfie
3 3-10-inch ring. As Indicating the con
tinued improvement in the work of the
marksmen, this is only 9 points below A.
Strecker's record of 1896, when thousands
of scores were shot.
Pape also had the best individual scores
yesterday, two of 6 each. Ed Hovey was
2 points behind, with a score of 8 in three
shots. A. B. DarreH was second in the
three-shot contest 'with rifle 'with a. score
of 125.- -F.'O. Young led wuh the pistol,'
making the best average score of the
year. The results in detail:
Columbia target, rifle, three-shot match. 200
yards— A. H. Pape, 2, L »— «; 2, 1, 3—6; 2, 2. »—
7; 11, 11, 11, 11, 12. 12, 12, 12. 12. 15. 16. 16. 16. 16.
18, 19, 19. 21. Ed Hovey. 8, 17. 18. 18. 18. 19.
20, 21, 21, 22. 22; A. B. Darrell, 10, 11. 11, 12.
13, 14. 14. 14. 14, 15, 15, 15, 17, 18. 18: C. M.
Daiss. 10. 14, 15. 16, IS. 21, 21. 21. 23; F. O.
Young, 18; W. G. Hoffman. 16, 17. 19. W, 24, 25.
Rifle; ten-shot match, 20O yards — F. O. Youn*,
56; A. H. Cady, 70, 93; Alex Pape, 7S. 104. 107.
106. 111. 114; E. A. Allen (repeater). 78. 124. 133;
F. Pape. 140; F. Schmidt. 194. ■
• Pistol, 50 yards— F. O. Young, 34, 36, 33. 44, 44,
45, 48, 49; C. M. Daiss, 40. 50. 57; Dr. J. F.
Twist. 49, 52, 55. 59. 60. §2. 63; W. C Prichard,
61; E. A. Allen. 85 86.
Revolver, 50 yards — P. Becker. 67; J. R.
Trego, 61, 76. 80. 92. 92; Dr. Twist. 72. 82. 85. 87.
Twenty-two-callber rifle, SO yards — W. G.
Hoffman. 23, 23. 24, 24, 23, 28; C Bachman, 51;
G. Stephens, 51. .
Schuetzen Club Scores.
The scores made yesterday by the mem
bers of the California Schuetzen Club
were as follows:
Medal shooting, champion class— 0. Bremer,
216, 211; A. Rahwyler. 214, 198; C. Meyer. 212,
197; T. J. Carroll, 208, 189; O. Burmeister, 202,
166; Captain F. A. Kuhls. 198; P. Jacoby 190.
177: William Ehrenpfort. 158, 150.
First class— A. Gehret. 224. 206; A. Utschig.
187. 182.
Second class^ — G. Tammeyer, 207, 196; A. von
Wyl, 204, 1S5; A. Hampel. 201, 195: W. Blasse,
198, 187; L. Reubold, 196, 190; A. Jungblut, 195;
M. Blasse. 193, 187; R. Stettin, 186, 179; L. C.
Babin, 179, 172.
Third class — C. H. Sagehorn. 208. 156; G.
Rtschmuller Jr.. 204, 171; G. Rischmuller Sr..
196. 181; R. Langer. 193. 170; J. C. Waller. 174.
172; M. Reubold, 173, 142.
Fourth class— C. M. Rousseau, 179, 153; B.
Englander, 141, 141; L. Rinck. 120. 119.
' Cadet class— H. Becker, 194, 150; F. Carroll
1S3, 134. *
Nealon and Collins Win.
The games at San Francisco Court yes
terdav resulted as 'follows:
M. Dillon and E. Maloney 21 16 21 21
G. Hutchinson. and W. Kelly 19 21 15 13
E. Barry and D. Regan ..21 19 21
M. Kirby and P. Talo 14 21 17
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon.21 21 14 IS 21
M. McNelll and M. McLeod....l3 18 21 21 15
W. Johnson and-F. G. Green 21 18 21 21
F. Smltb and W. Mitchell 17 21 13 11
R. Regll and J. Glynn 21 18 21 17 21
A. Whiteman and W. Foley 17 21 IS a 12
M. McLaughlin and T. Smltb 21 21 17 21
E. Curley and W. Walsh 16 18 21 20
D. Connelly and P. Ryan .....21 21 19 21
M. Joyce and J. Lawless 14 16 21 19
J Collins and J. C. Nealon 21 19 21 20 21
J. Riordan and J. White 13 21 17 21 16
Aquatic Sports at Sutro's.
The swimming races at Sutro Baths yes
terday resulted, as follows: Fifty-yard
race— Won By J. Sundberg. A. Sundberg
second. Diving for plates — A. Sundberg
first, J. McCloskey second. 100-yard race
H. Lucken first, J. Sundberg second. Tub
race— J. Franz first, J. Kelleher second.
Diving— J. McCloskey first, A. Ott second
High diving— J. Martin first, J. Uhl sec
ond. ,, ;' : : • , > ,\ ■
Warning to Card-Players.
\ Poker players who play for big money
should immediately address Prof. Ben
zon. • "King of Cards," 320 Mason street,
a3 I have made the most important dis
covery of the century. Any one playing
this secret against you would simply tako
your money away. .In ord«>r to make
good the above statement I will gladly
give practical proof gratis. " . • ,
Attorney Flourishes Bevolver.
William Rhoads, an attorney-at-law,
was arrested yesterday on; a warrant
charging him with exhibiting a revolver
in an angry manner.- Last Friday he
went- into a Chinese * laundry on Pork
street, and becoming engaged in a dis
pute with the proprietor, drew a revolver
and threatened to blow his head off Ttae
Chinaman ran out of the place and went
to police headquarters, where he swore
out a warrant for. the arrest of the at
torney. ; "; ' . 1. ■
Benjamin Fay Mills Lectures.
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills delivered
an interesting lecture last night at Gold
en Gate Hall on 'The Riddle of the Uni
verse." He described the doctrines which
are being: taughc by the materialists and
pointed out wherein he deemed them fal
lacious. Before the lecture and at lU
conclusion several fine musical selections
were rendered. Mr. Mills Is scheduled to
deliver three more Sunday evenlne w
tures at Golden Gate Hall. evenm S.»ec-
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling, agents for the "Water
man Idear Fountain Pens' '-J2 50 to -Sao Oft
Son*™. Vatl * Co.. .TifllaiWS^CW;
NARCISSUS WINS
CHAMPION STAKE
Beats Palo Alto After
Being Led Many
- Lengths.
Palo Alto, Eugene Geary's fast grey
hound, incurred the displeasure of his
many backers yesterday at Union Park
by losing the final course of the Cham
pion event when, by the least effort, he
could have won the stake.
Palo Alto went to the slips with Curtis'
Narcissus for the final. He had beaten
Sir Pasha handily and had refused the
crack Rector a point in his earlier runs
in short order, both courses consuming
but forty seconds.
The speedy work of the champion
showed he was on edge and the wise ones
were eager to lay a to 1 that he could
dispose of Narcissus. An unusually strong
hare was liberated for the pair. Palo
2*10 took such a long lead up the field
that the crowd looked for a short course
and the speedy one to score a shutout.
Ten lengths in advance of .his opponent
Geary's dog made the turn and it seemed
the talent's hopes would be realized. After
scoring a few points the favorite showed
a disposition to lay off the game, and
finally by his laziness gave up his posi
tion to Narcissus. Curtis' dog was not
slow in scoring and kept out-working tho
champion. "When the flag was raised Nar
clssus had tallied eighteen points to Palo
Alto's thirteen.
Little Sister was looked upon as a
strong candidate for final honors, but be
cause of the withdrawal of Floodgate in
the second round ran a bye with her
brother, Sir Pasha. She was given such
a hard course that she had to De retired.
The talent was badly shaken by the de
feat of Rector in a bye In the first round.
Naughty Girl was his opponent and :n
ti.e minds of me wise ones the trial
looked so favorable to Curtis' youngster
that he was backed at 10 to 1 to win the
course. Rector led, but the Girl got pos
session and cleverly outworked him for
the flag.
In the open event the Curtis kennel
scored another victory. By the with
drawal of Royal Archer. Vulcan was de
clared the winner by default. The Pasha
kennels' entry had done good work, but
had hard courses with Master Clalr and
Sofala, a bye dog, that forced his retire
ment.
Sacramento Boy ran well, but lost to
Vulcan in a close course.
A lively lot of hares made hard cours
ing the rule and the relief dogs were
called out on many occasions.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's ofBcial scores:
Open stake, second round — B. Suva's Master
Rocket beat M. Lawlor*s Glen Coe. S-4- Sterl
& Knowles' Cold Shivers beat P. M. Clark
son's Sofala. 22-4; Pasha Kennels' Rural Ar
tist beat P. M. Clarkson's Prompto, 12-7-
George Nethercott's Freda C beat A. R. Curtis'*
Kiboeh. 5-2; H. Lynch' s Merrimao beat W C
de B. Lopez's B P, 12-2; George Sharmao's
Gold Bug beat D. J. Healy's Tapioca. 2-0-
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat P. Doyle's
Thelma. 14-10; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat P. Doyle's Thelma. 14-8; Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat A. Vanderwhita's Flora"
McDonald. 2-1: George Shannan'a Firm Fellow
beat T. J. Cronin's Tralpe Boy 10-4* J M
Carroll's Master Clair. a bye; Chlarlnl Bros.*"
Santonin beat M. B. Kavanaugh's May Be
Kind, 14-5; A. R. Curtis' Leola beat E. Geary's
Fcnii. 17-7; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
D. J. Healy's Elista. 3-1; D. J. Heaiys Evan
geline beat Kelley & Hanley'a Lumagh La»3.
12-7: L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain, a bye" A
R. Curtis' Vulcan beat W. C. Glasson's Lady
Sears «-0: A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat H.
Lynch s Lilac. 7-a; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie
a bye; D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat V
Lee's Sweet Locust. 46-0.
Third round— Cold Shivers beat Master
Rocket. 9-8; Rural Artist beat Freda C 10-8-
Gold Bug beat Msrrtmac. 23-16; Golden Garter
beat Fiery Face. 5-4; Firm Fellow beat Roman
Athlete, 8-6; Master Clalr beat Santonin 8-2-
Royal Archer .beat Leola. 9-6; Evangellms' beat
Best Bargain. -5-3; Vulcan beat Fannie Hughie.
3-1: Sacramento Boy beat Loyal Lad 8-3
Fourth round— Cold- Shivers beat Rural Ar
tist. 6-2; Golden Garter beat Gold Bug 12-3-
Master Clair beat Firm Fellow, 5-3- 'Royai
Archer beat Evangellne. 5-0; Vulcan beat Sac
ramento Boy. 10-8.
Fifth round-Cold Shivers beat Golden Garter.
Mi Royal Archer beat Master Clair, 13-12-
Vulcan a bye.
Sixth round— Vulcan beat Cold Shivers. 10-5-
Royal Archer, a bye. : .,, .:.
Deciding course— Vulcan won by default
Royal Archer withdrawn. '
Champion stake, first round— A. R. Curtis'
Narcissus beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon. 13-5;
Pasha Kennels Rocker beat Aenald Kennels'
AeO . £' 1*'% Geo . r se Nethercotfs Floodgate
beat . T T. J -, Cr P. nIn " Vand al- 13-7: George Shar
man s Little Sister beat E. Geary's Ireland 5-2:
k C * r V. S ' Rec t o J"' a bye: E - Geary's Palo
Alto beat George Sharman's Sir Pasha «-l
Second round— Narcissus, a bye: Little 'sister,
a bye; Palo Alto beat Rector 3-0
Third round— Little Sister withdrawn
*>eciaing course— Narcissus beat Palo Alto.
COMPROMISE MEASURE
FOR COURT OF CLAIMS
Sub-Committee of the Pan-Americaa.
Conference Will Meet Shortly
to Consider It.
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 1.— A compro
mise measure for the Court of Claims has
been presented to the Court of Claims
committee of the Pan-American Confer
ence. The project provides, like its pre
decessor, for the appointment by each of
the contracting states of three jurists of
recognized authority In matters of inter
national law to serve as members of the
court and from amons their number, when
a claim arises, each contending party
shall appoint one and the two parties to
gether shall by common accord appoint a
third, who Is to preside over the court
which will adjudicate the claim.
The committee on commerce and recip
rocity has discussed some suggestions
from Pablo Mecedo. one of Mexico's dele
gates, looking ,to a conference of the cus- -
tom-house experts from the several courx- |
tries represented in the Pan-American
Congress and for a general simplification
of the tariff systems as far as the special
conditions of each nation's trade will p«*-PRESBYTERIANS OF ALVARADO
DECIDE TO ERECT NEW CHURCH
House of Worship Ihat Has Been in Constant Use
Since Farly Days Will Be Abandoned.
FRO SH S lp\^HJ^?Vr^^ 1 Vi^^rt T ALVARADO WHICH WILL TAKE THE PLACE OF HOUSE OF WOR-
S^Rrorfnv n^fx »fo U r IN CONSTANT U SE SINCE THE EARLY "FIFTIES," AND FOR THE CON
isTRl CTION OF WHICH BIDS HAVE BEEN CALLED FOR.
W/^^\ WCL1KD. Dec. 1.— Rather than
It 'fi s P'r.d money for repairs to their
A l) pionecr church edifice the Presby-
tcriars of Alvarado have decided
to erect a new house of worship
to take the place of one which for forty
years has been used In the service of God.
V.'ith enthusiasm the project has met fa
vor among the church people. They have
pressed forward so successfully that al
ready ?15()0 has been pledged toward the
cost of the new edifice.
OAKLAND LODGE
HONORS ITS DEAD
Elks Hold an Impressive
Service in Memory
or Departed. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. L
Oakland Lodge No. 171. Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks, held memorial
cervices this afternoon at the Macdon
ough Theater. Over 200 members of the
local lodge participated In the cere
monies, and nearly every seat in the body
and galleries of the theater was occupied
by invited guests.
The stage and proscenium were beauti
fully decorated with flowers. Immediate
ly behind the footlights were four va
cant chairs. They were wreathed in
white and purple blossoms in memory of
their former occjpants. the four Elk?
claimed as part of Death's harvest for the
present year.
The service, impressive as always, was
conducted with solemn dignity by Ex
alted Ruler Henry A. Mcivin. Eulogies
were delivered by G. K. Lukens and Carl
E. Lindsay, and the exercises were Inter
tp^rsed with appropriate musical selec
tions, both vocal and Instrumental.
Members cf the lodge marched to the
theater in a body, and when all were
treated they comfortably filled the stage
and formed a striking background for
ihe four vacant chairs.
Those who died this year are: C. E.
Jaycox. died February 22; Charles Mc-
Cleverty, died June 14; Harvey X. Sloper,
died July 14, and Frank Ench, died Ec-p-
T'*mbtr IS.
The services commenced with the play
ing by the orchestra of Chopin's funeral
march, which was followed by an invoca
tion delivered by Past Chaplain Dr. A.
K. Crawford, Chaplain Dr. C. L. Tisdale
being prevented from attending by indis
position.
The calling of the roll of the dead, in
whose honor the lodge of sorrow was
PiNEY WOODS.
Healthful but Not Always Curative.
To go to the pir.ey woods is a help, but
if one carries along the bad habits of
food and drir.k that have caused sickness,
the piney woods will not produce a re-
covery.
Coffee drinking caused blindness in a
Virginia gentleman and his remarkable
experience is worth reading. "I have
been a coffee drinker since my earliest
pemembrance. Tf I missed coffee at a
•nreal It brought on headache. This
Kaould huve shown me that I was a vic-
tim to a drug habit. Finally, •wakeful,
restless nights came on. After dinner 1
was always drowsy and after sleeping
would waken stupid and morbid, and felt
as though I had been drugged, and when
• this feeling wore off nervousness and
'""y"' stlc-fsncss would set in until I drugged
myself with coffee again.
"At last my eyesight began to fall.
Some of the best optical specialists
agreed that I had an affliction of the op-
flc nerve, and after two or three years
treatment my eyes slcv.ly lost Uieir pow-
er and I became almost sightless.
"I v.as advised to go to a pine woods
near the sea in a most isolated place.
This I did and lived there for two years
without any visible benefit. I gai-e up
all hope of recovery until last spring a
friend exprepsed the belief that the cof-
fee I drank was the cause of all of my
trouble. He had been a slave to It and
had been unable to find relief until he
quit and took up Postum Food Coffee.
"Ills experience startled me and I de-
cided to try the change although I had
but little faith in Its merits. My first cup
of Postum proved delicious and was a
jrrcat surprise. It was evident! "•' well
made. I had not the slightest trouble in
l'-aving; off coffee, for the Postum filled Its
place perfectly.
•'During the past six months I have
gained in flesh, my sallow complexion
h*s become clear, and my eyesight
improved until ,now I am able
fy read and write. My mind is once more
'"kar and active, and I no longer suffer
from Steeplers, nervous spells. You can
Imagine I feel grateful for my restora-
tion."— VV. Harold Fenton, Brighton, Va. j
The movement to supplant the structure
which has stood at Alvarado since 185U
began only a few weeks ago. There was
such ready response that plans have been
completed, working drawings made and
the- trustees are now ready to receive bids
at Alvarado.
The new church will be of composite
architecture, ornate and fully equipped
with all the convenience for worship, Sun
day school and other meetings. The in
terior will be finished in open timbering
of dark redwood.
held, was one of the most impressive fea
tures of the service.
After the ritualistic observance opening
the lodge of sorrow G. R. Lukens deliv
ered a eulogy in memory of the dead. He
specified none particularly. Uae ceremon
ial, he said, was characteristic in the
highest degree of the Elks. He paid a
tribute to the departed, and referred to
the ideal life of an Elk as a life of duty.
Carl E. Lindsay spoke with eloquence
on "The Order."
Those who assisted in the service were:
lime. Inez Carusi. harpist; Pietro Marino,
who gave several violin selections, and
Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, who sang
Gounod's "Ave Maria."
The Elks Quartet, consisting of Broth
ers Dowdle, Cliff, Learn and Agers, sang
two selections, and Thomas Yalerga ren
dered i-The Lost Chord."
The committee in charge of the service
consisted of the following: W. H. J.
Matthews (chairman). Julius Seulberger,
J. Cnl K wine:. E. S. Dowdle. J. L. Cal
lahan. E. K. Taylor and Dr. H. P. Trav
ers.
The officers of Oakland Lodge No. 171
arc:
Henry A. Mclv'n. exalted ruler: G. R. Lu
kens, esteemed leading knight: Dr. W. H. Hal
ety, esteemed loyal knight; L. A. liaison, es
teemed lecturing knight; J. J. Hanifln Jr.,
secretary; \V. \V. Landon. treasurer; T. M.
Crawford, esquire; F. J. Johnson, inner guard;
Dr. C. L. Tisdale. chaplain; A. G. Cliff, tiler;
VV. H. J. Matthews. O. F. Whitney, organists;
M. L. Kchlueter, O. Bemls, V. P. McKeely,
trustees. . %
The complete death roll Is as follows
Julius C. Fry. died May 31. 1831; "William W.
Moore, February 11, 1S93; John W. Hood, May
21. 1S94: Thomas H. Downey. June 8 1834; Fred
erick H. Meyer. July 6, 1SH4; James Vance, Oc
tober 22, ISM; Hugo D. Schroder, December 13,
1SS5; Edwin H. Campbell, February 16. 1S96;
George W. Watson. April 1. 1897; Frank P.
Thwaltes, June IS. 1898; Emil Kiehl, October 15,
1S9S; William D. Hendrickson. January 25
1&00; Charles S. Durgin. October 9, 1JNJ0; C. K.
Jaycox. February 22. 1901; Charles McCleverty,
June 14, 1S01; Harvey N. Sloper, July 14, 1901;
Frank Ench, September 18, 1901.
TWENTY-MINUTE WORKERS
TO HOLD HOLIDAY SALE
Ladies of the Church of the Advent
Ars Preparing for Big
Bazaar.
OAKLAND. -Dec. 1.— The members of
the Society of Twenty-Minute Workers of
the Church of the Advent in East Oak
land will hold a holiday sale beginning
December 6 and concluding the evening
of December 7. ■ *
The officers of the society are Mrs. M.
W. Backus, president; Mrs. J. J. Valen
tine and Mrs. T. E. Pope, vice presidents;
Miss Mary Harold, recording secretary;
Miss Ethel Moore, corresponding secre
tary ; Mrs. H. D. Lathrop,' treasurer.
The various departments of the holiday
sale w.'ll be presided over as follows:
Fancy work— Mrs. A. L. White, assisted by
Miss Hawxhurst, Miss Alice Hawxhurst. Mrs.
G. R. Taber, Mrs. T. E. Pope and Mrs. Georir'-
Chambers.
Tea table— Mrs. H. A. Melvin, Mrs. C. B.
Mills and Mrs. Diekson.
Candy booth— Miss Florence White, assisted
by Miss Darby and Miss Hooper of Alameda.
Fish pond— Mrs. Howard Bray and Mrs. Wil
liam Angus.
Doll table— Miss Harrold. Miss Elizabeth
Har<rold and Mrs. J. A. Vv'iison.
Lemonade — Mrs. McDonald, assisted by Miss
Elizabeth McDonald. Miss Ethel Haas.
Art table— Miss Gertrude Soloman, .assisted
by Mrs. E. S. Hougrh.
Handkerchief table— Mrs. Albright.
L'ecful articles— Mrs. Wilhelm.
Delicacies— Mrs. Kills.
Refreshments will be served by Mrs. Kess
ler, assisted by Miss Welch. Miss Isabella Kirk.
Miss Eleanor Kirk. Miss Florence Gardiner, the
Mitsea McEwan. Miss Ellis, Miss Pierce, M1S3
McLaughiin, Miss Morse, Mies Beedle, Miss
Bunker and Miss Olney.
His Liberty Was Brief.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— Walter O'Gara, an
engraver, was arrested in Alameda to
night by James E. Jessie, an employe ot
the Oakland Transit Company, who lives
at 708 Halght avenue, Alameda, on ac
count of a complaint made by Jessie's 15
year-old daughter regarding O'Gara's ac
tions. O'Gara was turned over to Police
Officer John Murphy at the corner of Sec
ond street and Broadway, on the arriv;il
of . the Alameda train. He escaped from
Murphy, to be captured a few minutes
later by Police Sergeant Green as he was
about to enter the west-bound local train.
He was locked up in the City. Prison.
Compliment to Mining School.
BERKELEY, Dec. 1.— Sir Lowthain
Bell, a distinguished English authority on
the metallurgy of iron and steel, has
written to Professor S. B. Christy, Dean
of the College of Mining, stating that he
intends to send his son to the University
of California to etudy mining engineering
as soon as he finishes his course at the
University of Cambridge. Sir Lowthain
Bell's .selection of . California over the
universities of the world is considered a
high compliment to its mining depart
ment.
Pointer Found Dead.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— George A. Robin
son. 59 years old, a printer, was found
dead last evening in the rear of the Club
saloon at Plcasanton. Death was from
pneumonia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1931,
General dimensions of the auditorium
proper are 22 by 40 by 29 feet. In addition
there will be a class room. The main en
trance to the church will be surmounted
by a square tower of neat design.
The old church was built from lumber
that was brought around Cape Horn. The
congregation was organized in 1853 by the
late W. W. Brier and has since been in
existence. • For many years the Presby
terian pastor stationed at Centerville has
cccuDicd the pulpit. The present pastor,
the Rev. W. C. Gunn. has been very suc
cessful in his ministrations.
DECLARES PAT
CROWE SHOT HIM
Peculiar .Story Told by a
Youth Who Is Badly
Wounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Dec. l.-Fred
Dalkins, aged 24, the son of wealthy par
ents at Mapleton, la., who has been
working near Cascade, this county, says
he was shot this morning by Pat Crowe.
Dalkins had been seeking the alleged as
sailant's arrest for several days, and
Saturday night engaged the man in con
versation and bought him whisky, while
Dalkins drank cold tea he had previously
Bupplied to the bartender. About mid
night the men separated.
At 5 o'clock this -morning Dalkins
aroused a doctor and showed a wicked
wound just below his heart.
Dalkins said Crowe had shot him. A
posse was organized and captured the
supposed Crowe, who was sleeping in a
barn with a companion. Both surren
dered without parley and both professed
ignorance of the shooting, claiming • to
have been sleeping for several hours. The
wounded man and the prisoners were
brought here this afternoon. Dalkins
went to a hospital, where his condition
Is considered serious. The supposed
Crowe was recognized as Harry McBrlde,
released a week ago from the County
Jail, after serving a sentence for larceny.
While drunk he spent his partner's
money. Officers believe he Is innocent of
the shooting, . though Dalkins identifies
him as the assailant. McBride Is being
held pending further investigation. Offi
cers claim he has no resemblance to the
real Pat Crowe.
Among Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— The Rev. C. Fen
wick Reed, evangelist, will begin a series
of meetings Monday evening at Union
street Presbyterian Church. The Rev
Alfred W. Hare will lead the chorus
choir.
"The Riddle of the Universe" is the
subject of a series of sermons which the
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills will deliver at
the First Unitarian Church, the opening
discourse being preached to-day.
The Rev, Arthur Hicks, Sunday-school
missionary, occupied the pulpit this
morning at Centennial Presbyterian
Church. ■
The Rev. W. E. Vaughn, editor of the
Pacific Methodist Advocate, preached to
day at Asbury Methodist Church South
The Rev. O. B. Smith conducted ser
vices this morning at the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church.* the Rev. John Coyle
presiding elder of Oakland district offi
ciating this evening. The new pastor
the Rev. O. E. Hotle, is expected to ar
rive this week from Pittsburg, Pa be
ginnig his work on December 8.
• Miss Dobbins Engaged.
• BERKELEY, Dec. 1.— The engagement
of Miss Grace E. Dobbins, daughter of
the Rev. and Mrs. H. H. Dobbins of_this
city, and John L. Ames, a nurseryman of
Jsapa, has been announced. The weddine
ceremony will take place during the
Christmas holidays and will be performed
by the bride-elect's father at the South
Berkeley Presbyterian Church, of which
he is pastor. Miss Dobbins is a graduate
of the Berkeley High School and resides
with her parents at 2218 Chapel street. .
Ends Life With Strychnine.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— J. W. Zimmerman,
aged 74 years, committed suicide, yester
day by taking strychnine at the Masonic
Home, Decoto, of which he was an in
mate. He had* a mania for suicide, hav
ing made several attempts to end his life
The deceased was unmarried and had
been at the Home for several years. He
was a native of Germany.
Salesman Found Dead.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— William Volker a
salesman for the Monarch Coffee and
Spice Mills, 814 Washington street, w^s
found dead in his room this afternoon at
1067 Grove street, the residence of John
Wanderlich. The Coroner found no evi
dences of suicide. Heart disease Is sup
posed to have caused death. Volker was
40 years of age, a native of Germany
George Quincy Chase Returns.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1.— George Quincy
Chase of this city a member of the firm
of Kohler & Chase, has returned home
from a ten months' tour of Europe.
Fyrography Outfits.
We have fitted up a small exhibit of
burnt wood and leather which all are In
vited to see. Wood and skins for burning
and pyrography machines for everybody.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. *
MOTHER DIES
WITH CHILDREN
Five Persons Burned to
Death at Railroad
Station. *
Lamp Left Burning in Kitchen
Causes Terrible /">«
Disaster.
ALTOONA, Pa., Dec. 1.— Five persons, a
mother and her four children, were
burned to death at Gywn Station, on the
Wopsonock Railroad, three miles north
of this cits', early to-day. The husband
escaped with severe injuries. The dead: ■"
MRS. MARY C. BURKE, 42 years of
age.
ADAM G. BURKE, 16.
MARY K. BURKE, 13.
JOANNA BURKE. -11.
JOSEPH VICTOR BURKE, S.
Carl W. Burke, the husband, is serious
ly burned about the hack. !
Mrs. Burke and the children, save
Adam, retired at the usual hour last
night. Burko. who wea in Altoona, did
not cet home until late.« The lamp was
burning in the kitchen for him. • Before
he went upstairs he turned it low. A
lunch was left on the kitchen table for
Adam, who was a stage hand at the Al
toona Giera-house. It Is not known
what time Adam came home. Mrs. Burke
was awakened by dense smoke jn her
room, bho awoke .her husband 1 , and
found the kitchen ablaze. Burke's cloth
ing. was ignited, but he rolled in the snow
to extinguish the flames. He then sum
moned the assistance of neighbors, but
when they arrived there was no hope of
saving the house or rescuing the inmates.
DKAY'S DEATH IS MOURNED.
Former State Senator Popular in Sac
ramento County.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1.— Expressions of
regret were general in this city to-day
over the death of ex-State Senator Find
ley R. Dray. Several weeks ago Mr.
Dray hurried after a street car. "When
he took his seat he suffered a fainting
spell, resulting from his exertion and a
weak heart. He was brought to his home
and his condition, though showing
marked improvement at times, remained
the subject of care up to his death,
which came unexpectedly.
Mr. Dray was in the fullest sense a
gentleman of the "old school" and his
appearance on the floor of the State Sen
ate, where he represented Sacramento
County for two terms, was finely impres
sive. He was honored in all walks of life
in Sacramento, which had been his home
since the early fifties. He held a position
under Sheriff James McClatchey, the vet
eran editor of the Bee, and this was the
beginning of his political career. After
leaving the Sheriffs office he served as
Public Administrator for eight years and
subsequently was twice elected County
Assessor and filled out an appointment
as Supervisor. After he had entered the
Sacramento Savings Bank as a director
he was, in 1S86, elected to the State Sen
ate, and such was. the confidence of the
people in his ability and integrity that he
was' called upon to servo a second term
as Senator.
Mr. Dray was a native of Pennsylvania
and 68 years of age. Besides his wife he
leaves four daughters, Mrs. George H.
Perry of Alameda, Mrs. Charles A. Cul
ver of New York, Mr3. James Warrlck
and Miss Alice Dray of Sacramento, and
three sons, Dr. Frank R. Dray of San
Francisco, Arthur F. and Bruce L. Dray
of Sacramento.
LACK OF HOSPITALITY
RESENTED BY SENATOR
Why the Yakima Indian Agent at
Fort Sinicoe Is to Lose Sis
Place.
TACOMA, Dec. 1.— An Interesting story
is told on good authority, in explanation
of the recommendation by Senator Foster
of Dr. Hare, a North Yakima Re
publican, to succeed Jay Lynch as
agent of the Yakima Indians at Fort Slm
coe. Hare's appointment Is expected, to
occur soon after Congress meets.
The undoing of Lynch is said to result
from his somewhat cool and inhospitable
treatment of Senator Foster on the oc
casion of the latter's visit last summer.
Senator Foster happened in one day to
look over the agency and investigate the
proposed opening of part of the Yakima
reservation. Agent Lynch did not seem
very much pleased to see him, but never
theless gave all required information
cheerfully. The agent's house is a email
one, not suited for the entertaining of im
portant personages. In consequence Sen
ator Foster was told after dinner that he
could not be very well taken care of and
would better spend the night at a hotel
near by. Senator Foster "did so, and left
the next day without taking formal leave.
At the first opportunity he took occasion
to recommend ! the appointment of Hare
to succeed Lynch.
BATTLES WITH BURGLAR
IN DARK STOREROOM
Santa Ana Officer Is Attacked With
Knife and Fatally Wounds
Assailant.
SANTA ANA, Dec. 1.— Policeman Mur
ray at 4:20 o'clock this morning discov
ered a burglar in the office of William
Lutz & Company's carriage establish
ment. Summoning another officer to
watch the front entrance Murray smash
ed in a window in the rear of the build
ing and entered the office. He was at
tacked by the burglar with a knife. Mur
ray shot at the burglar twice. One bul
let penetrated the right lung and the oth
er struck the right arm.
The wounded burglar was Identified 'as
Lucas Jamaica, a Mexican, who had
been released from jail yesteruay morn
ing. He is not expected to recover.
Both Sfcles Claim Advantage.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Dec. 1.— Reports
from the managers and operators of the
different railroads affected by the switch
men's strike assert this evening that they
have the situation well in hand and that
the new men who have taken strikers'
places are now working to good advan
tage. In spite of good reports made by
the railroad officials the strikers' officials
are claming a decided advantage gained
to-day. Their statement is that at mid
night last night the 200 men employed by
the Jones and Laughlin connecting road
struck, on orders from the strike com
mittee.
Wanted in Salt Lake.
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— George Esmond,
said to be wanted in Salt Lake City,
where he "jumped" a $2000 bond, was ar
rested here to-night. Esmond and an
other man were captured as they were
attempting to break into a blacksmith
shop. A kit of burglars' tools, including
gunpowder and fuse, was found on the
men.
Battered Pugilist Is Dying.
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— "Dutch" Relnlger,
a local middleweight boxer, is dying in
St. Elizabeth's Hospital, from injuries re
ceived In a prize fight on Friday night
with Jim Driscoll, Chicago middleweight
Driscoll has been arrested.
Florence Nightingale Is Well.
LONDON,, Dec. 1.— The report cabled to
the United States that Florence Night
ingale was near death was unfounded
Florence Nightingale ia well. :;» '
Fired Missile From Slungshot.
John O'Keeffe, .a 13-year-old boy who
lives at South Park, was arrested by Of'
fleers Beach and Orr last night and
booked at the Southern police station on
a charge of assault to murder. He is ac
cused by. Patrick Carr. a song peddler of
having fired a missile from a slungshot at
him. Carr was struck in the eye anJ
painfully wounded. Two companions of
O'Keeffe were arrested at the same time
but released, as there was no evidence
against them. . ,rr •" "
THINKING HUSBAND GONE,
WIFE ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
firs. Sadie Campbell of Oakland Tries to
Kill Herself After Family Quarrel.
YOUNG WIFE OF OAKLAND CIGAR DEALER WHO LEFT HIM AF
TER A QUARREL AND THEN ATTEMPTED TO COMMIT SUICIDE
BECAUSE SHE HEARD HE HAD GONE TO AUSTRALIA.
OAKLAND, Dec. l.-After brooding .
for a week over the separation
of herself and husband because
of a family tiff, Mrs. Sadie Camp
bell, the young wife of Daniel
Campbell, a cigar manufacturer of this
city, drank six ounces of ammonia this
afternoon at her residence, 963 Jefferson
street, in an attempt to commit suicide."
That death did not result was due to the
energetic measures of Dr. McRae and
Steward Harry Borchert at the Receiving
Hospital, to which Mrs. Campbell was
taken shortly after she drank the flery
fluid.
It was the news that her husband had
departed for Australia after selling out
his Interest in the Oakland Co-operative
Cigar Company, 467 Seventh street, to his
partner, O. A. Smith, that led tho despond
ent wife to give up hope and to attempt
suicide. She had determined that she
would never again see the man whom she
had left In anger, and there was nothing
more for her in life.
It was at the dinner table a week ago
that Mrs. Campbell and her spouse had
a tiff over what she said to-day was "only
a trifling family matter." Both were
angry, and the wife, in a fit of hot-head
edness, left the house, going to her
friends, the Newlands, in East Oakland,
i "They told me not to return to my hus
band but to make him come to me and
settle the quarrel," explained Mrs. Camp
bell. "So, Instead of going to him, I wrote
a note, saying he must come back to me
before I would make up with him.
RABID ANARCHIST
LANDS IN JAIL
Utters a Vicious Threat
Against President
Roosevelt.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1.— A. H. Muel
ler, the man arrested Saturday evening
at Broad and Chestnut streets, chargad
with having declared' that ' President
Roosevelt should be served the same as
was McKinley. was to-cay held in' $S00
bail for disturbing the peace.
At the hearing before Magistrate Koch
ersperger at the City Hall Mueller had
nothing to say beyond declaring that he
was not responsible on Saturday for using
the words imputed to him. He stated
that he had been employed as a machinist
in Wilmington. Del.
Mueller was arrested on complaint of
F. T. Tobln, who claimed to have heard
him use the threatening language. Tobin
said to-day that the remark was made in
the Hotel Lafayette at the time the Pres
ident was looking at a football game in
West Philadelphia. At Mueller's board*
ing place it was stated that he had al
ways conducted himself in a quiet and
orderly manner. He Is said to have been
out of employment for some time.
* ; — *
THE DAY'S DEAD,
William B. Vaugh.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 1.— William B. Vaugh,
the well-known professional bicycle rider,
died of typhoid fever in this city to-day
after a six weeks' Illness. Vaugh's home
was in Southern California. During the
past year he established world's records
in ten. and fifteen-mile competition races
on the local saucer track.
Arthur W. Soper.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— Arthur W. Soper,
president of the Pintsch Compressing
Company, the Safety Car Heating and
Lighting Company and a prominent figure
In many corporations, clubs and other
organizations, died after a month's ill
ness at his residence In this city to-day.
Professor Albrecht Weber.
BERLIN, Dec. 1.— Professor Albrecht
Weber, the Orientalist, is dead. •• .
George Lehman.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— George Lehman, the
famous cricketer, is dead. :
"The next word I had of his movements
was the story that he had sold out his
business and had gone to Australia on
Thanksgiving day. He left some money
with his partner for me, but 1 hadn't the
heart to go after it.
"1 became so despondent that I threat
ened to end my life. There was nothing
more for me. My husband had been so
good to me that I couldn't bear the
thought of a separation forever. That is
why* I drank the stuff.
"Unless I can see him again I don't want
to live. There's nothing left for me."
Friends of the absent husband are now
investigating to determine whether Camp
bell departed Friday on the steamer Au
stralia for Tahiti. No steamship departed
for the Antipodes on Thanksgiving day.
Some of- the family's friends doubt that
the missing man did leave the country.
They believe that he is only in hiding
until a settlement of the little family Jar
can be made without injury to his feel
ings.
Mrs. Campbell, on the other band, is con
fident . her husband has left her for all
time, and she continued her threats to
complete the effort to end her life.
The husband had been In business here
for eighteen years and was favorably
known. The Campbells have always lived
happily, save for the little troubles inci
dental to domestic life. They have a
daughter 10 years old. Mrs. Campbell la
28 years of age and is a remarkably at
tractive woman. She is a native of Can
ada.
The hospital physicians have no doubt
that she will recover.
BIG EXPOSITION
AT CHARLESTON
Impressive Religious Ex
ercises Precede For
mal Opening.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Dec. 1.-Impre3
sive religious exercises intended as a pre
lude to to-morrow's opening of the South
Carolina Interstate and West Indian Ex
position were held at the exposition
grounds this afternoon. The naming of
December 1 as the opening day of. the ex
position was without consulting the calen
dar, andnhe fact that December 1 was
Sunday was discovered only a short time
ago. It was then decided that a proper
way to fulfill the promise made in the
resolution as to the opening was to hold
exercises appropriate to the day;. Ellison
Capers, Episcopal Bishop of South Caro
lina, made the invocation. A dedication
ode by George Herbert Sass of Charles
ton, set to music by Theodore Saul, was
sung by a large choir, accompanied by
the First Artillery Band.
Addresses were made by several minis
ters, and the benediction was pronounced
by Monsignor Quigley.
The exposition will be formally opened
to-morrow afternoon. The ceremonies at
the "Ivory City" will be preceded by a
parade composed of marines, naval re
serves, cadets, State volunteers and vari
ous civic societies. The city is handsome
ly decorated, and there were many ar
rivals at the hotels during the day. I
Chauncey M. Depew, who ia to deliver
the Dedication oration, arrived in Charles
ton to-day. Governor McSweeney and
staff arrived to-night to participate in to
morrow's exercises.
Derailed on the Hole.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 1— WHile returning
from the pier to the roundhouse at Ala
meda Point last night the locomotive null
ing a train of empty passenger coaches be
came derailed on the mole because of a de
fective switch. The engine was in charge of
Engineer French and the train in charge
of Conductor Fielding. Several hours were
required by a wrecking crew to replace
the heavy locomotive on the rails.
College Recitations to End.
BERKELEY. Dec. l.-The University of
California will reopen to-morrow after a
three days' vacation on account ■ of
Thanksgiving. t At .the end of next week
all recitations will cease and the fall term
examinations begin. ' A period of - two
weeks will be cohered by the examinations
and then college will close for the Christ
mas vacation, to reopen in January.
MANY BIRDS ARE
READY FOR SHOW
Exhibition of Poultry to
Be Biggest Held in
the State.
Generous Premium List At
tracts Hundred3 of
Y Breeders.
I Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
"" . 1118 Broadway, December 1.
j The 'doff, poultry and pigeon show to bs
held. this week in the Exposition Building
promises' to be one of the best ever held
in the State. It will open on "Wednesday,
: December 4, and will continue 'until Satur
day.. There '.will be exhibitors from every
part of California and the live exhibits
will- represent the finest of their kind in
the State. . I
The premium list is Ions and generous.
The Board of Supervisors, In accordance
with its usual custom, has appropriated
$200 toward the show. The association of
fers in' addition to the regular cash prizes
225 specials, ranging in value from $2 to $T5.
Breeders who have never before exhib
ited have expressed their intention of
sending fowls to the coming show. It la
expected that over 2000 birds will be on
exhibition.
The dog department xr\U be specially at
tractive. It will be conducted under tlm
rules of the American Kennel Club and a
large and high quality entry is expected.
The bench committee is composed oi the
following: T. Gregory, C. G. Hinds, John
Bradshaw and Ben Byrne.
There will also be a pigeon department
conducted by the American Runt Pigeon
Club.
LARGE WHEAT SHIPMENTS
- < POXTRING INTO MEXICO
Several Million Bushels of Grain Will
Be Required to Supply the
Demand.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 1.— Wheat ship
ments from Kansas, Nebraska, Minne
sota, Texas and California are pouring
Into Mexico at the rate of more than two
hundred thousand bushels per day, ac
cording to the statement made by a traf
fic official of the Southern Pacific here to
day. He saya that more than five hundred
thousand bushels went into Mexico by
way of Eagle Pass, Tex., last week and
that the rush through El Paso and La
redo was equally as heavy. Several mil
lion bushels of the grain will be shipped
to Mexico before the existing demand is
supplied. ,
Found Guilty of Poisoning.
JACKSONVILLE, 111., Dec. 1.— Tha
jury in the case of "Webb Ferguson,
charged with the murder of Dr. J. I.
Barns of Montecello, by poisoning the
doctor in the Central Hospital for the
Insane. Jacksonville, last May, at the al
leged instigation of Mrs. Mattie Barns of
Quincy, the doctor's wife, and Mrs. Mc-
Williams, mother of Mrs. Barns, returned
a verdict early this morning, after being
out seven hours, finding Ferguson guilty
of murder and fixing the term of punish
ment at twenty years in the penitentiary.
Seeking Mrs. Mayb rick's Release.
CLEVELAND, Dec. l.-iFormer Cana
dians resident In American cities are
again active in their efforts to have Mrs,
Florence Maybrick released from her
English prison. A petition is being drawn
up by a Cleveland lawyer and copies of It
will be sent among the cities bordering
on the great lakes; copies will also be
sent to the Mayors of Montreal and
Toronto. The petition will finally go to
the King of England and the English
Premier.
Encouraging Home Industry.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Dec. 1.— The
"War Department, desirous of encouraging
home Industries, has cflrected the depot
quartermaster at. Philadelphia to pur
chase a supply of white gloves manufac
tured in New York and send a limited
number to several of the more important
military posts for trial as to whether tho
gloves are equal in wearing qualities to
the. white Berlin gloves made in Ger
many and now furnished the army.
AD VEBTIs-FHyra-wTft,
is nourishing and
comforting. ;
Send for our booh, " Mellin's Food
Babies.** It is free.
Mellin's Food Co.. Boston, Mais.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMOX BISHOP'S PILL3
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders ot tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cura th»
worst cases in old and younc
arl3ins from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cura Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia Paloa In Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of gemen. mm Vartcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner nfJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote- »-* 1 « * ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure U at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; SOc a box; 6 for
12 60 by mall. A written guarantee to core or
money, refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars fre*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 39
and 40 Third st.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY f
A , ' Gjd 1SS1 aA22S * C5- tot. 6*Jt 4 7&, 3.J. &1. i
'. \ " jCS^ The Larrest Anatomical Museum ia the \
W «*«>». y° rld - Weaknesses or m- cqntTacte( j A
' S52 £jM *s«a« paslti v«l 7 evrwt by the oldest V
O jZS 2 1 Specialist 00 the Coast Ejl 36 years. O
A flag's OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ ?^Srj£?9 Consultation free and strictly prints. \
8 I X?% D Tr<at!nen * personally or by letter. A M
\ 8 W Tl H ■***"**• **•'• «■ wiy *»*• oadertakea. T
M S" // II & Write for Book. PBILNOniT »t A '
\ II l" ■*««*«. MAILBO MM. (Af
A (A Ur valuable book for men) ■ \
Y DR. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market S t . S. F. f
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FQR MEN.
Established .1SSL Con-
sultation and private booJc
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET'S!.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAia,
HAD WAT'S KEADT BEL1EI 1 has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a,
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sora Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.'
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
910
hAX FRAACISCO CAl_. ,';tS;
BUS1NKPS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call. asiBH' of Kukit and Tcirfl streets; open.
»:ivj i; cVlecfc every r.fght in th«> year.
J'.a ASCII OFFICKS— o27 Mor.tsorcery street.
c.-':-r.or Cla?; oven a:-til P:20 p. tn.
1-0 llayc-.; nreet: open until 9:30 p. m. j
C3 MeA(!U*4r Mr^t; open until v:30 p. tn,
"ii Lnri;!n cirfrt: open until 9:S0 p. m.
TvJ! i!.'M.!r.:i ttrect; o;>t?n until 1J p. m.
I2S& £_rkef street, comer Sixteenth; open
■uj.is! S 11. :a.
ZU- Kiovcn-h ftrc-et o:>en until 9 p. m.
IC9C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
No: Lhwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
CM ruirncr* street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING KOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery - •?•-
No. 1«, K. T., C2o .Sutior r-t.— Stated TEp*
Assembly THIS EVENING at ii {£$
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters. ay
are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder. j
SAN Francisco Chapter No. L Royal «• i
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. I
Business nnd R. A. degree. *i5f !
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /VN !
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. » J
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at -_f_,
7. co o'clock. Annual meeting and elec-^fjT
tlon of officers. t^rS
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lo<ige No. 127, F. and A. M. m
Stated meeting and election of of fl- _J^
cers THIS DAY ".MONDAY), Decem-
ber 2, 1SC1. at 7:3'J p. rn. By order /vi
cf the \V. M.
L, SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
THE Beard of Medical Examiners of the
:-tatc of California will hold a regular meet-
lne at examination chambers, Civil Service j
Commission. City Hall, San Francisco. Cali- j
fornia, on TUESDAY. December 3, 1901. at |
:0 a. m. C. C. WADSWORTH. M. D.. i
Secretary, j
PAAUHAU RVGAR PLANTATION CO., office
227 Market Et., San Francisco. Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
Ftockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
company. C27 Market st., in the city and
county of San F.-anclsco, State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
Ivr, 3S01. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the rurpese of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
purpose of amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders.
find for such other business as may come be- ,
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close ,
on Nov. 26. 1901. at S o'clock p. m. By order
cf the president.
H. W. THOMAS'. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED. j
WANTED — Pleasant and profitable employ-
ment for a few good men: good pay for ser-
vices desired: references required. Call room
2C3, 713 Market st. ...
GOOD steady agent: to right man will pay sal-
ary and commission. BROWN, 41S Larkin st.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
10C7 Market St.. room 1. .
RELIABLE agents wanted. J. A. HOFF-
MANN. 1219 Bush Et.
ASJMIAI/riJM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 118C Mission; tel. Folsoro 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., e32Market St.— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ; phone John 318L
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections: attachments: mortgages: bills of sale;
partnerships ; deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open |
eve's. THl'RSTOX. lOOSVi Mkt., r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HICYCLES For Sale or ExcUiuife.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
3ii9 Larkin st.
BOOKS «EW .VXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLIES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
lil'KEAU TRUKKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard.
ULSIXESS CHANCES.
A— 5SO0; SALOON, including^ furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location j
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call i
It. G._WILKE, 26i,4 Kearny st.
A— tl'jO'J; BAKERY, including stock; rent $10;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
' owner only cause of tile. See R. G. WILKE, '
1P& Kearny st.
A— $2000; HAIR store with manicure parlors,
clearing at least &KK) per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.; place establ. 10 years; only
best class of customers. . Call R. G. WILKE
2Cvi Kearny et. •
A— FLORIST store, near Market et. and Grant
s.ve.; price $S'jO; a splendid paying business. .
Call R. G. WILKE. 26\i Kearny St..
A— 5300; HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
paying taloons on Pacific st., near Montgom-
ery; or will sell whole place for $603; part-
ners don't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $800; SALOON on Sansome St.; rent $23; very
choicest location and a good paying business
For particulars, R. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny!
A— $500: CHOP and oyster house; only 1 block
cf The Call building; bargain. Call R. G. ;
WILKE, 26U Kearny st. ;
A— $400; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St., about 1. block from Market: rent
*30; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
A— J3C00; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st. j
A FINE opening for experienced man for half-
Interest in paying 6 day restaurant: trial <
Civen to right man: no trifiers need apply.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st.
$5<} RESTAURANT $50
t'5 Restaurant $75
$100 Restaurant $100
$SiO Restaurant $350 j
1400 Restaurant $400
$350... Restaurant $550
$500 Restaurant $600
tlZO Restaurant $1200
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
S53 Market st Tel. Davis 28L ]
A—MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We -
can sell your business or secure a partner i
quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. V1ERECK & CO..
Rooms 3 and <. 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason. "
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy. come and 6ee our list; we can t
tuit you; sellers do well to list their property
WI^ US: w<? can find a buyer quick. MILES
& CO., B27 Market Bt.. room 208.
EALOON; elegant corner; central location; rent *
ta<) ( worth $C5). Fine fixtures. Price $550
Call early for this SNAP.-
SCHWEINHARD. *3 j
Rocn-.s 1-2-5; No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
A h££i« PAI } TXER ?—• ted ln commission =
bunness; will clear |75 months to each; no
experience required. See STRAND & CO.? -
• M ivcarny tt. / * ,~ j
A v3i E c™. aHL°1 Change business of any
k.nd. STRAND & CO.. 203 Kearny st. -
" ; — i
M i A^1°m FI , N ' 7U Market, nr. Call bldg.
Long ;ist of businesses for gale; please call. -
CI , GA ?V ™ tion *nd grocery store; fre« rent; 4 S
furnished rooms; trade $12 per day; |300 Pa-
clfic Exchange. 765 Market Et. .
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make J
money, see C. L. HEDGES. 46TT2 Parrott big -
A— CAUTION: don't buy any business before E
Buyers' Guide; $i. 46 2 Parrott big! -
$lftf_CHOP house; a chance of vcur life- auielT *
__S_l»th ft. D. McRAE. SS7 Mission "t!' ' -
|£3;--SOriER steady man for partner In man- *
tifacturine: business; wholesale, retail- carj -
•w »o tako charge or store; full stock will be I
if.jen: Present^ovnrr leaving State account
#ld^^.^2;7 F^rth_«^cigjirjactory. -
PAR# CY wanted to introducTThf'bT.'t *
breakfast feed ever put on the market- an -
P cMl S «fa% tUnC ln prospect - Address box " e
CHOICE corner ealoon. good location; payiiig *
nufincss. Apply northeast corner of Seventh
and .Folsom sts. " C
TOTt SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply io<£ *
REfJTAUKANT— Oreat Bacj-iflce; m'u'st b- so!(3- t
wholesale and milling district. 511 Brannan! *
?350— IVvP.TNKn Tvnnted in the manufacturing ! r
bus'.ncf*; clears 5100 to %1Z3 per month to each t
partner. CaJl 935 Market et., room 14/ • I ;
TO let— nutter, r-nss ncd delicacy stall In Grand »
Western Market; fine location. J. ■ H EG-
C2RS." niO-Ktt Polk st, '
flOOO-SALOON for eale, in the best business
tart of .Vnpa. For particulars address P. O.
bos iZ. Napa. Cal.
— — — — — _— . _ _—^— — , ' 2i
BUYERS— Have c!l kinds business chances and
real mtatc for w.lc. gee other agents, then
*•••»• riiAA'K E. DENNEN. r.2S. Ii McAllister, j
j nrsixrcss chutes- -**_""_*_'_'' "dh^.
BANIC, ooly one In prosperous Interior town,
■Jias a fc-w. eharcs of stock open Cor subscrip-
j tion; $100 per share; rare Investment oppor-
I tunlty. Box 2315, Call office.
; VAXTED — A sood business man to take ovei
J an established business In Seattle; no imme-
diate outlay for stock necessary, as presenl
owners will consign all tije stock required
from facto:y in the East on easy terms, but
party must -have some money for running, ex-
penses and freights and have unexceptional
references 217 Geary St. ■ y
EASTERN manufacturers' agent and jobber
wants partner to invest $3000 to $5000; exclu-
sive rights of fifteen largest manufacturers;
dry goods: employ three traveling salesmen;
full investigation. Box 2429. Call office.
GOOD rhance for man and wife; branch ba-
kery and laundry office; good location; 2 liv-
ing rooms: rent IIS; price 1230. Address, etc..
box 2402. Call office.
AX opportunity; controlling 1 interest in a large
grocery house, $10,000; ill health; fine chanco
for active man. Address Grocer, box 2474,
Call office. * -
5300 — CIGARS, stationery, notions and good
business place: location perfect. Waiting-
room, Twenty-third-ave. station, E. Oakland.
FOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459, Healdsburf, Cal.
STEAM laundry or. interest In one wanted;
. country preferred. Box 2471, Call office.
RESTAURANT; good place man and wife; ex-
penses low; low rent. Box 2443, Call office.
$230 — WANTED, a partner in saloon; Minna
st. Box 2444.' Call office. ■
FOR SALE — Corner grocery and bar; price
$S50. 1CS0 Montgomery st., cor. Vallejo.
LODGIMi-HOLSKS l'OK SALE.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
, S50 Market s.t Tel. Davis 281.
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700.
1 16-room flat, new. modern and' well furnished;
best location; housekeeping .-'
CASH $4.(00. %
35 rooms, family hotel, . every room occupied,
elevator, modern .improvements.
CASH $2000.
40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500.
18-room rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent.
CASH $1500.
52-room worklng:man's — hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room" on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout: new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From fi to 600 rooms; prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES.
...From 8 to 350 rooms: prices $75 to $40.000...
......CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to SCO rooms: prices $400 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
From 4 to 15 rooms: prices $200 to $2000....
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE. "
CALL. IF YOU WISH TO BUY
Sell or exchange any kind of property
I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 736.
A FEW SAMPLES~CF r OUR LARGE LIST. . .
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain. .$1500
S rooms; well furnished 400
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 375
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
£S rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
- 20 rooms; good location; money maker... 7S0
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented; good
location; clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
• 6 r.; modern flat: Van Ness; new $350
14 r. ; rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 900
34 r. ; good cor.; fur., carp-: low rent.. 2700
53 r.; cor. apart.; tctal expense per mo. 175
31 r. ; rent low; geed house every way.... 2150
24 r. ; rent $65; Al loc. ; reduced to 1000
23 r. ; offices; rent $110; els. $200; investigate
14 r.; rent $40; trans, loc; clears $100 13C0
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat: leaving city.. 375
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.; some bar-
gains for to-day.
44 r. ; good transient house; cheap...... $2100
E6 r. ; on Ellis -St.; good paying 3500
3S r. ; on Market St.; business location.. 2000
100 r. ; on Howard St.; money maker 1500
5 rooms and bath; good, nice flat 275
6 rms. and bath; fine location, fittings.. 600
These are all good locations and bargains; 50
more houses on list. We loan money on
lodging-houses. If you have business for
sale, we can sell quick for cash. Call at 765
Market St.. rooms 1 and 2.
Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodglr.g-houses or real estate.
I HAVE 516 HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 r. : rent $32; respectable hi cash: cent.. $3C0
18 r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building: I
all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 650 |
26 r. : sunny side; clean; clears $35 month. 1600
34 r.; rent $100; well furnished; fine bus.. 2200
46 r. ; Sutter; first class; clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Sutter St.; fashionable family hotel. 9000
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market Et 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
13 rooms; piano, sewing machine included. $900
'0 rooms; rent $60: good corner 2000
40 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 2200
43 rooms: central: just listed 3200
22 rooms: cheap rent: part cash; only 930
..500 OTHER HOUSES TO SELECT FROM..
FOR gale— At Sacramento. Cal., a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
Heady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
■win not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO. 325 J st
Sacramento. Cal.
«. E. RIVES. 816 Market; phone Main 128
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house..:.. $351
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows.; good buy. 1300
25 rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 1410
46 rooms; low rent; part cash; bargain... 4000
3UYERS— Before buying a house go to
. G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St., opp. Mason
He can suit you in houses and prices.
;1O3O— 9-room flat; unsurpassed location; 3
rooms pay rent; most elegantly furnished-
Jones, near Bush. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
K— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and r rices. Ui all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.'
-.ODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
city; 15 rooms; turn people away every night;
$600 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
3UYERS— Before buying a house see other
agents, then get my list and lowest prices.
FRANK E. PENNEN, rm. 28. 14 McAllister.
I— 200 LODGING-HOUSES: prices from $150 to
$5000. See STRAND & CO.. 109 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAMT^pTrltuai medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun..
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market St..
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
lng medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush st/*
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. SI:
letter. $2. 116* O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 10S Sixth St.; satisfactory
50c. 11; circle every night. 10c. a
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday. Thurs-
day, 25c. 8:15 p. m.; readings daily. 299 Hyde.
MRS. HARRISON. . medium. S5S Mission st ;
sittings dally. 50c and $L .
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th; nr.
Guerrero: readings by mai!; Fittings daily.
EDWARD EABLE, 323 Ellis, phone Polk 1601:
sittinss 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurrt
FRIENDSHIP HalTv35 McA Ulster-Mrs. C. j]
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night. lQg.
CLAXR.VO VAKTS. |
MME« M. I BERN ~XRD. ~
" ~ T .. :■■ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
l« a n v'"' I7 i.T ilir0! sl - ,"- it bids. She \
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
tinption of the past, reveals the present hap- '
per.ings and portrays events to occur in the ru- '
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un- i
happy or not eatlshed in tilt, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great '
medium ard you will bo told how to overcome i
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life- I
t?£^£2_£5|£sfactjcn_guaranteed. Tel. Black 45C9.
MRS DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranc* '
nicaium. is permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket Bt.. ccr. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
f, ; ( i :e K Clmtor ' Perfect satisfaction cuar-
anjeed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
jn-lthrpecial terms. Dally and Sunday. j
M J™V WIL LErK6l"EllU st.. claTrvoTain: !
crjatal coer; reads your life correctly: trivea
naancs tfatcs,- Jacts. tells everything; read- i
incs. fOc. U; hours, 10. a.. in. to S p. ui. ! ' j
THE -,SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER, 2, 1901.
CI,\TnyOYA\T5- T -f7oTift^>..l.
"Length of days in her right hand and riches
and honor in her left." Proverbs, ii; 16.
J '— — PALMIST-FSYCHIC
, ■ . PALMIST-PSTCHIC
\ ■, PALMIST-PSYCHIC—
ll NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
NO CHARGE! NO CHARGE!
r IF NOT SATISFACTORY
• SIR HF.NRY PRICHARD. /
; TRANCE-CLAIRVOYANT and PALMIST.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
- ADVISER TO HER LATE MAJESTY THB
QUEEN OF ' ENGLAND. . . '
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND SUCCESS,'
I HARMONY. PEACE. POWER AND i?
I • HAPPINESS.-
' You are experiencing either domestic or busi-
. n ss difficulties. You are worrying about
i something. You are in doubt. You suspect
- that everything is not as it should be. You ■
. are unhappy— at times very melancholy.
- Everything seems to go wrong with you. Why
r not seek the advice of one who has helped and
1 advised the greatest men and women of the.
world? You may never have another oppor-
. "tunity to consult a man of the reputation and
standing of Sir Henry Prichard.
Make no mistakes when you undertalle any-
thing of importance— get his advice first.
Hundreds of others have been put on the road
1 to fortune by him, so why not you.
HE TELLS YOUR FULL NAME, JIOTH-
. ER'S MAIDEN NAME. &c. HE ALSO GIVES
' ADVICE ON BUSINESS, SPECULATION, IN-
• VESTMENTS, insurance, changes, travels,
health, sickness, love, divorce, MARRIAGE,
LAWSUITS, separations, WILLS, deeds, mort-
gages, patents, CLAIMS, collections, etc. He
will tell you what trade, business or profes-
sion you are adapted for.
/
LOVE, COURTSHIP and MARRIAGE. •
' Gives truthful revelations on all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, and by proper advice re-
stores lost affection, reunites the separated,
settles lovers' quarrels, tells you WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY and how to WIN
. the man or woman you love, and how to make
your husband or wife be true to you, and how
to overpower all your enemies: gives full secret
■ how to control and charm any one you love
or meet.
HE NEVER FAILS ' TO GIVE PERFECT
SATISFACTION.
You are told how to avoid weakness, warned
against all treacherous friends. Locates buried
I treasures, mines, old estates, lost friends, etc.
COMMENT OF EUROPEAN PRESS AND
SOME DISTINGUISHED PERSONS.
As a palmist and psychic Sir Henry Prichard
is without an equal; all should see him.— Daily
1 Graphic.
Sir Henry Prichard, the palmist, Is the man
of the hour— his name is a byword ln every
household. The common query is: Have you
been to Sir Henry, the palmist? He is so
wonderful, etc. — Standard.
Sir Henry Prichard.' the leader of his pro-
fession, is a marvel. He tells the innermost se-
crets of one's very soul; he is always busy.
—Morning Post.
Sir Colin Scott-Moncrleff says: That fellow
Prichard beats my time. He told me every-
thing I wanted to know and more too. I tave
profited greatly financially by following his
advice. /
Prince Adalbert of Prussia says: Sir Henry
is the most wonderful clairvoyant I ever con-
sulted. • He Is well read and the master of his
profession.
Princess Christian says: Prichard Is the
most accurate palmist I ever consulted. He
tells the truth.
TO OUT OF TOWN PARTIES:
If you cannot call, write and send $1, 2c
stamp, date of birth and 3 questions and re-
ceive correct answers by return mail. All mail
matter and P. O. money orders should be ad-
dressed to Sir Henry's private secretary, Mr.-
C. F. Walsh (this address).
/ Hours— Daily. 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Sunday,
10 to 5.
Suites 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 15^ (The Vendome),
1104 MARKET ST., corner of Turk.
One flight up. Uaid in attendance.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you ill. depressed ob
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp answered. BROOKS, 1206
Market, rooms 34 and C5, cor. Golden Gate.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
- past, future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m.
215^4 Sixth st.
A~LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
LADIES, 50c; clairvoyant, scientific palmist,
card reader, tells you how to be successful
ln your undertakings and all things pertain-
ing to life. PROF. WELLER. 1007% Market
St.. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil— second sight;
1 diagnoses diseases- with life reading: lad'e^tO?,
j gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c;
gents SOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. .BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings daily, i 132 Sixth.
CARD reading, palmistry included, 25c; ladies
only. 289 Fell st. ,
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pionder Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40..
MODERN- CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., catrpet-beatlng 'works; prices
reasonable. 1-03 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works:
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown,' graduated chl-
ropodlst, Indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
floor; 916 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~
COTTAGE, large grounds, ! barn, chicken
houses, flowers. Call LONDON'S. 317 Powell
St., between 12 and 3. . -
A— SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath; modern.
2211 Webster st.. near Clay.
. 3 DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market BtTEmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, fl; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates,' a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. . .-' ■
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class wcrlc only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
■and fillings; extractions or filling? by my
' wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; - lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SC9 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; te*th without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundavs.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, P.P.. S. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 SO; fillings 50c-
plates $5, full- set; all work painless and
warranted.. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235~Keamy, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 2Dc.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
?s _£Oc 1 J^Y : jDen.tists,- 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
S T0TJ can Eave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
AT- Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest - rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. .
DR.R.L.WALSH. S15^~Geary. nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction. 50c; plates?5 up; phone Pclk 1133.
DR. H. G; TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly ln Murphy bldg.
S MOG HOSPITALS.. \
* DR."CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
■ or at tha Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
i, .tiRESSJiAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
• '. tClass rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
|- FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
X PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
V. EDUCATIONAL. ™ "~
" NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
" practical; day and night. 24 Post Bt., S. E.;
a catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$3 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
■• complete business education; shorthand, typ-
a ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
- new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
i HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
i, s - F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
;> all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
. engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
e A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
. lowing? . Life scholarship ?50; catalogue. \ .
j CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
e modern methds: positions for all graduates;
t new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. •
t MERRILL-MILLER Colleger-Shorthand, typ-
s ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45,' Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
? ENGINEERING-Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eVe.; est. 1S61, Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
■ ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott building.
) A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran- I
1, __ 5C^ Business College. 1226 Market st.
r ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
, A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine* St.: board:
i Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
' VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason gt.
• BOUVIERE School of Acting. 26 O'Farrell St.,
room 30; positions guaranteed.
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA, 704 Sacramento st.
FIGURES— Nothing like It for rapidity: $5.
TARR. 220 Parrott bldg.. gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable hopse cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita, 1233 Page St.: tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch CC5 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE' Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ChT
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S2. ,
EMFIOYMENTJVAKTED-FRMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires .
light housework in small family of adults;
no washing; small wages. Address box 2527,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a position to do
general housework and plain cooking. Please
call at 1414 Lyon st., near Sutter.
LADY wishes work by the day, light washing
and cleaning. 940% Harrison st. '
GERMAN cook with good references desires a
place in a first-class family. Apply 162 Jessie.
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for flrst-class rooming house
or hotel by 'January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board; best references. Box 2518. Call. :
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-
ments in families; tailor-made and beautiful
gowns made: satisfaction guaranteed. 427
Sutter st. . ' '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar- ;
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to '
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. j
REFINED girl . wishes light housework; no
children cr window cleaning; $12. Address or \
call Monday, 2334 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants any kind of work by day, \
washing, ironing or housework. Please call
or send postal, 701 Natoma st.
REFINED young ladv French teacher wishes
to exchange lessons or light services for room
or board; refs.; experience. Box 2492, Call. (
COLORED lady wants situation as cook for -
private family or boarding-house. 1006 Clay st. (
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at -
home. 2S0«i Third st. . . 1
WOMAN wishes a place to assist with house- -
work; reasonable wages. Address 22 Page. . 7
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash -
dishes in hotel in city: reference. 917 Market. J
CLASSIFIED advertisements an- subscriptions -
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. .(
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and -
subscriptions has been established at 1096 <
Valencia st. - • •
SITUATION wanted— Young man, energetic, :
diligent, sober, has college education, city ex- 1
perience. desires office position. Address box
2354, Call office. ■
GERMAN, steady, sober man, desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little cooking. K.
L., 361 Jessie st. ■
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busl- c
ness ln all its branches; horses and carriages
and driving; best of references. A young -
man desires position ln gentleman's family.
Box 24S2, Call, office. •
OPENING desired by hustling, successful -
Eastern specialty salesman; any line; willing I
j to start in at bottom and learn; Pacific
v Coast trade acquaintance; references.. Box
2467, Call office. ■ j
RELIABLE man wishes a position; thoroughly
understands the care of trotting horses, care
of garden and milk cow; is generally useful; £
good references. T. S., 21% Harrison ave., oft
Folsom st. . .
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to work, t
wishes position to do any* honorable Indoor
work; small salary at first no object; bond
i£ necessary. Box 242S, Call office. j
MIDDLE-AGED roan with best of references
• and 6 years experience in San Francisco, ■jj
wants lodging house to manage; either salary
pr per cent of profits. Box 2524, Call office.
— : . j
YOUNG man familiar with city, good team- -
ster, well educated, desires work on delivery -
wagon or general work In store. Box 2435, "V
Call office.^ .
A YOUNG man, German, wishes position cs
hotel clerk or bartender, city or country;
bust references. Box 2503, Call office. Z
A YOUNG man. willing to work, desires situa-
tion of any kind; can . furnish the best of "p.
references. Address box 2511, Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position to drive
milk or baker wagon. Address box 2t45, Call.
VPERHANGER and painter having complete
Smtflt tools wants work. 1302 Web3ter St.;
. tel. Jackson 1321. _:
WANTED— A position as Janitor; can furnish *
first-class reference/Address 2727 Franklin st. _
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school
boy in a nice family ln the city. U. -
YAMANE. 807 Polk St.; telephone 1441. V
JAPANESE .flrst-class cook wants a situation —
in private family; understands any style cook- C
Ing. Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
~ PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
, placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
j' porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
y COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
_ taken in payment for services; good mining
!<> and industrial propositions • wanted; gold
bonds furnished." PACIFIC STATES MINING
- AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
FLATS TO LET.
L* NEW flat to rent and furniture for sale cheap:
~ . very sunny and best location. Call at LON-
: . DON'S, 317 Powell St., bet. 12 and 3.
„ A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 33 Julian ave.. '
bet. 14th and loth. Mission and Valencia sts.
- O'FARRELL, 1935— Fine modern flat, 6 sunny
rooms, bath, basement, yard; reasonable.
5 REFINED couple want to rent for $18 small,
i neat, furnished flat. 1614 Jones st.
I MODERN lower flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent ,
$16. 1939% McAllister st.
" GEARY, 1131, bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin
■| st. — Modern 7 rooms, bath; rent $32 SO.
- O'FARRELL, 1800— Sunny corner flat, 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; water free; same as new.
■ FLATS • FOR SALE FURNISHED. \
K BEAUTIFUL modern flat, partly furn'd: new
■ f urn" re; good reas. for selling. Box 2513, Call.
I FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i 1 ; — ~— ■ — ~—
5 ROOMS furniture for sale; must be sold. 963
t Jefferson st., Oakland; call from 10 to 2 dally.
• 4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
j range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
j FURiy I TUKE WAN TE D.
- WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
T 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
', A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
I A. L. STORRS, 634 ElUs st.; telephone Larkin
. 2782; highest price pala for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
I ' " -
■ D & F new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
- warranted; kept ln repair. 121 Grant ave.
• WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn hair-
i dressing, manicuring, electrical face massage,
shampfcoing, dyeing and bleaching, etc.; full
course, 3 weeks; tuition' $1 per week; positions
positively guaranteed; 4 good positions in fine
stores now open to those entering immedi-
ately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE.
1 first and only school of the kind on Pacific
: Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary^oomsJS-la.
' 3 TRAINED* nurses, having the best of physi-
cians' references, wish cases. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter St. .
' LADIES looking for the best class of servants
will find such at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S,
. _334 Sutter st. .
WANTED— 44 girls for cooking. $25 and $30,
some plain washing: French nurse, $25: Ger-
man nurse, $25; 4 second girls, $20 and $25;
also a Protestant laundress for Institution,
$30;. cook, family boarding-house, $30; clean-
* ing woman for Institution, $20, and others.
Apply to J. F. pROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED— Head waitress. $25, and 2 other
waitresses, $20, for new. place J\iat opening;
also some waitresses for .city family, hotels
and country at $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st '
WANTED— A flrst-class American cook for one
of our best families; short distance in coun-
try; no wash; $35; we also want 2 cooks,
German style, at $35. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, nice place Good wage3
"Waitress, commercial hotel, fare paid...... $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
Waitress, mining town ; $20
10 waitresses, other places, city and coun-
try $20. $25
Chambermaid to wait $20
Chambermaids and cleaners.... $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nice place for a housegirl. American family
of 4 adults, short distance,. $30, see party here;
second girl, country, see party here, $25;
others C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— CASHIER, restaurant. $7 a week. C. Ii.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, flrst-class commercial hotels.
$20-$23; 4 waitresses, city, $20; waitress, city,
$25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; chamber-
maid, $15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30; housegirl, $30; 4 cooks and house-
girls, country, $25; nurse, one baby, $20 to
$25: housegirl, country, $25, choice place
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A— 3 NEAT young salesladies for candy etore,
• $7 week, no experience necessary. MRS. M.
E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— 2 YOUNG girls about 10 to 18 years old for
candy factory, $4 week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 235 Geary st.
AN experienced saleslady to take charge of
small candy store, $5 week and increase
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary St.*
A— HOUSEWORK woman and plain cooking for
small vineyard, Sonoma County, see party
at our office, $20. W. D. EWER & CO. 610 '■
Clay st. *
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12. '.
Restaurant cashier, $30; chambermaid and
waitress, country, $20.
WANTED— A girl or young woman to do
housework: small family; $10 per month. Call .
2820 Baker St. ;
WANTED— The prettiest girl in town to sell
Indian baskets and help take care of the live j
musk ox at 427 Bush st.
GIRL for light housework; small family. 816
Fell st. ■
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at i
33 Scott st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher; call ready to i
work. 1000 Harrison st., cor. Sixth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3 in
family; $25. 1S15 Laguna st. '
EXPERT wrapper for dry goods and fancy .
goods. Box 252S. Call office. i
WANTED— Strong young girl t(i work lii
bakery; sleep home. 142 Eleventh st. • i
GIRL to assist in general housework. 791 Mc-
Allister st., near Octavia. I
GIRL to assist with housework; no cooking*
wages $12. 2117 Pine st. ]
WANTED— Apprentice to learn dressmaking at .
14 Grant ave.. room 64. • . ]
YOUNG girl wanted as maid from 8 a. m. to 6
p. m. Hotel Montro3e, 1020 Van Ness ave. "
A YOUNG girl to assist with upstairs work
and sewing. 2640 Howard st. j
.GIRL for confectionery store, with some ex-
perience. Addresa 1247 Polk st.
GIRL wanted to learn tailoring trade; wages
to begin with. 220 McAllister st.
TWO flrst-class waitresses; wages $30. 915
Leavenworth st.
FINISHERS wanted; also an apprentice on •
custom coats; steady work. 304 Tehama st. "
WANTED— 3 lady typewriters to write about
the live musk ox. Apply at 427 Bush st.
WANTED— Salesladies; good salary. 775 Mar-
ket st. ■'. .
GOOD restaurant waitress wanted; $8 a week..
631 Clay st. . j
WAJCTED— A competent girl' for downstairs
work and cooking; small family; wages $25.
2727 Clay st.,.near Pierce.
NECKBAND ironers wanted Immediately $7
per week. U. S. Laundry, Sixteenth and
Valencia sts.
RESPECTABLE young woman as bath attend- ;
ant; one who understands massage preferred.
Box 2473. Call office.
GERMAN 'girl, for. cooking, plain Ironing and J
light housework; wages $25 to $30. • 1S17 Call- .
forni.il st. . . . "3
WANTEB-Good girl to assist with house- .
work; Alameda; wages $12. Box 2501, Call. J
APPRENTICE: high-class dressmaker; also -
chore girls. 1523 Bush st. s
YOUNG girl wanted to take care of baby. 906 -
O Farrell . st. ' . j
NEAT reliable woman for 11-jht housework and -
■ wait on sick. 342 Clementina st. \
WANTED— Good finisher on custom -vests 622
Clay St., room 16A. _
NEAT girl or elderly. lady In small family to °
assist. 176j Ellis st.
TRAVELER for permanent and most lucrative *
business yet known to women. . Box 2411. CalL
°^RR!q E fn" r C^? m , coats - BELASCO & =
CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced tallores3 to work on
pants. 241 Minna st.; upstairs.
ELDERLY lady wanted; small wages; good
home. 1347 Florida st.. after. 2 o'clock.
YOUNG girl to assist ln housework. 3190 Six-
teenth et., near Guerrero.
50 MORE silk waist hands; highest wages paid-. E
JUDA BROS., 103 Battery st. .,. . „
WANTED- Christian woman for housekeeper
ln private family. Box 2463, Call -office. " -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.' 2200 Flllmoro it
HELP VVAJf TED— MALE. _
~ A-MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
? Phone Main 584S
. ' ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.: ?.... RAILROADMEN. ••""••
11 Ship To-day • •••••••% m»
.-...:... Company's Own Work ••••
k Cal. N. W. R. R tlklah
™ 50 Laborers
d 10 trackmen ••*«>. free fare
3 10 section hands $1 '». free fare
10 laborers, ballast gang --J2 day
25 men no experience required, for laboring
work ship to-day; free fare; 75 teamsters and
laborers, Uklah, free fare........
'I Farmer and wife, good Job $40 and found
-. Carpenter for a mine .......,.-....$75
Furnace man for a mine $60 and house
» 2 carpenters, sawmill company.. $o0 and found
- 15 teamsters, new work, long job. ........... $60
7 5 muckers, quartz mine too and louna
2 men to burn charcoal •
•• Pruner for vineyard ■•■*} 75 da y
5 plow teamsters. $25 and $30 and found. 3
7 milkers: 15 farm hands, choreboys. etc.; man
11 f and wife for ranch, $40
I WOODCHOPPERS
40 woodchoppers and tlemakera to open up a
new camp that will last three years, virgin
>, timber, level land, company work; prices, red-
wood, 75c; pine, $1 and $1 25; hard wood fl 50
; cord; ties, 6x8x8, 10c each; special reduced
rates to Job; to go to-day -••,*
Young man for office work, city dairy
F .. HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
; Short order cook, small place, country; cake
" baker, city • $13 week
Cake baker, country shop $40 and found
12 cooks city and country; butcher and drive
3 wagon, country $30 and found
. Steward, country hotel; 5 waiters; kitchen
1 help.' etc •••• ""
7 MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
« AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad "Work Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
Cal. N. W. Ry. Co.'s Work
20 laborers *2 a day
t .......For track laying and steel gangs
FOR UKIAH
: 20 teamsters $2 a day
1 .FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
20 headers and corner men $2 50
20 drillers $2 7a
20 muckers $2
SHIP TO-DAY
! ..........Free Fare Free Fare
20 drillers, $2 50 a day; 20 laborers, $2 25 a day,
I for big ditch
Nurse for an invalid, $35; German nurse for
! an Institution. $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
■ 6 INGERSOLL drillers for Manila, $3 50 day:
t 2 carpenters for sawmill. $50 and board; 2
1 millwrights, $3 50 day; cabinet-maker, $3 day:
» 4 machinists, $3 day; harness-maker, $9 to $12
- week; screw turner for mill, $60 to $75; 2 far-
mers and wives. $40; 2 t earns ters. $30 to $35:
2 drivers for milk wagons, $25 and $30 and
: found; milker for Santa Barbara County, $30
and found; 2 boys for wholesale house, $4 to
$3 week; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
' Farmer and wife, see party at office $10
1 Plow hand, 8 horses $26
' Portuguese milker, city $35
Waiter for. Truckee, fare advanced $25
Four-horse teamster, city $35
Driver for milk wag-on $30
; Shovelers and drillers, ditch, north, $2 23 and
$2 50 a day; machine lathe hands, $3 a day;
cabinetmaker for pipe organs; basketmakers,
piece work.
'■ ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Lunch coun-
ter man, country, $50; waiter, nice country ho-
; tel, $25; porter, hotel, country, $20; fry cook,
• $60; dishwasher, $25; second coachman, coun-
1 try, $30; fireman for nursery, $25 and found.
• A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, room 12.
■ Second cook, country hotel, $45; bell and ele-
vator boy, city, $15.
• WANTED— Five hundred (500) men as team-
sters (2 and 4 horse), and pick and shovel
. work on road and ditch; wages $40 to $45
1 per month and found; no hospital fees; no
discount; pay every 10th of month in
' cash: no expenses from Tucson to work: all
1 persons who work six months will have their
1 railroad fares refunded from San Francisco
1 to Tucson: new work; no Chinese or Mexi-
cans wanted. Report to P. S. ROACH. Tuc-
1 son, Ariz.
1 ■ : __^__^^_
» WANTED— Reliable man with $100 who can
write a plain hand for light Indoor work;
will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 763 Market St., room 3.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $125 cash;
plain Indoor work; no experience: $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market.
WANTED— 1000 newsboys to sell tickets for the
live musk ox show. Come at 10:30 this morn-
ing to 427 Bush st., opposite California Hotel.
BOY about 15, one residing with parents, to
run errands and deliver packages ln whole-
sale house. Address Wholesale, box 2552, Call.
COATMAKER wanted to work ln store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER wanted. 39Vs Turk st.
WANTED— A cook at 1506 Kentucky st. :
WANTED — Steady lunch waiter who has a sup-
per Job. 225 Grant ave.
WANTED— Errand boy. 231 Parrott building. :
fifth floor.
MAN to take care of invalid gentleman: refer- •
ences. Apply 9 to 12 a. m. at 1824 Ellis st. ]
BLACKSMITH for shoeing and repairing. 1322
Devisadero st.
BARBER for afternoon Saturday and Sunday;
no 5c barber. 904 Bryant st., near Seventh. •
UNION barber; steady. , 793 Geary St., corner
Hyde.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams. $25 to $35 3
per month. 300 Montgomery st.
BEDMAKER; wages $30. H., box 2530. Call J
office.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Capital Restaur-
ant. 206 McAllister st.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stocktcn st. ~
3-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand; bar-
gain; established 12 years. 511 Castro st.
RELIABLE man. business ability, with $13)0.
to Join in profitable manufacturing business.
Address A. M.. Call branch. 639 McAllister st. I
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; state age.
Box 2514. Call offljee.
WANTED— A man that understands poultry j
and farming. Call 2206 Geary st.
WANTED — A young man to learn confectionery »
trade. 103 Ninth st. .
SECOND operator 1 on custom coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 511 Market st.
BOOKBINDERS— Forwarder, flrst-class general
workman. F. MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
BOY wanted for Jewelry store. Box 2404, Call
office.
WANTED— Errand boys, large, not under 15. •*
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 124 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half *
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U. 3 '
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good _
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not n
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For -
further information apply at the Recruiting F
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
1C00 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush C
and shovel men to work on ditch line hieing
constructed for the Sweepstake Minlng^Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on s
work; steady work, good board and best
wages ln State. San Francisco Construction r
Co., 26' Montgomery St.. room 14, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. _
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight Weeks "*
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed-
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL- s
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know p
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large -
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. . 1,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c -
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. >
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- -
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st. J
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue -
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard. E
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our -
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building. C
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all Darts o«- -
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. I
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan -
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. &
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar- _
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms- free G
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlDtiona «;
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and E
subscriptions • has been established at 1038
Valencia St. • —
HOUSES TO LET. "
A^raiNTED^IsTTio^s^^ H
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery?
MCALLISTER. 1733— Modern 3 rooms and~bath~ T
electric light: vestibule; art window: yard ' L
HOUSES TO 1 'ET—-FIIKXisHEO. E
HANDSOMELY furnlsh7d~Xroom~ho^se id -
Beulah »t.. off Halght. near the! park V
WAXTED FtRSISHED. x
WANTED-^A well fuTnished no^roTflaT'oTs -
orj rooms in the s Western Addition; must be "R
flrst-clsss. Box 2403, Call office.
HORSES AXP AVAGOXS. v
T. HORSES— Parties wishing well broken hors«
of all classes for Immediate city use should
call at 1733- Market st. at once: I am just
ln receipt of two carloads which I can recom-
JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market st.
.. DO not fail to attend the special auction nu,
re Wednesday. Dec. 4, at 11 a. m.. at the Ar.
re ■ cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN j.
>y DOYLE, auctioneer.
id TWO carloads flne team horses just in: gem 1 .?
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel.
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: f<=0 to $i;r
id the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
BS FOR sale — A flne black stallion, one gray car-
•1 Tinge horse, span young brood mares and :
Id colts For particulars address JOHN
£) SHIELDS. Marshall. MarlnCo.. Cal.
1(1 BAKER wagon and harness, both in flrst-clan«
condition. Apply 11 a. m. to 2 p. m. at 3;:
y Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
3 A RESPONSIBLE party wants a horse for li;
n keeping; very light work. Apply at 765 Mar-
ket St.. room 2.
.. ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one I.
a horse truck one 12- passenger carriage. CAF;.
n VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
>0 FINE 5-glass landau. 2d-hand victoria and 'i,M
d hack, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, Polk & G. G. av •
" 2D-HAND phaeton; extension top surrey: bike
'% cart. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. & Golden Gate av*.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
d A BARGAIN ln good carriage, sarldle, business
5 and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
a ___^__^^^^_ — . — ,
n ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart.i. harness,
.. etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mlsglon st.
- AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: a»3o li^ht
t- camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
LOST AXD FOL'.VD.
- LOST— Lady's gold watch. Sunday, between
y Strawberry hill and McAllister-st. entrance:
initials L. W. ; liberal reward. Return to UTl
' Howard st.
:• LOST— Mother, of pearl opera glasses Saturday
5 afternoon between Grand Opera-house and
,ij Clay and Kearny sts. Suitable reward at 125
Sansome st.
• ROSARY beads, coming from St. Peter's
Church. Twenty-fourth st. Return to C237
1 Twenty-third st.; suitable reward.
r COCKER spaniel dog, black, white line on
breast; tagged. Return 223S Baker St.; re-
:. celve reward.
: LOST— Lady's silver purse marked "Florence
2 from "Nettie." Return 412 California St., re-
: " ward.
- LOST — Dark red Irish setter dog, answering to
; the name of DlmgHs; collar on. Return to B.
3 HEALEY, 1014 Green St., city.; reward.
0 . .
0 LOST— Purse containing money front of Stew-
1 art, 431 Ellis St.; liberal reward. MRS.
CHAPIN. Stewart Hotel.
LOST — English setter puppy about six months
;. —old. Return to 1320 Polk st. ; reward.
g LOST— From Fulton and Broderlck sts.. black
5 cocker spaniel bitch; reward. 703 Broderlck.
2 LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savingri
? and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln .tftM
2 name of AM ALIA LEHMAN, No. 209-6SS;
• the finder will please return to bank.
; IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 230 Sutter st.. needs old
- gold and silver to make new watch cases.
" MATTltESSES AXD PHLOWS.
- TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 41? Powell st. ;
• tel. Bu«h 421
. MEDICAL.
\ DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
- trouble call and consult the specialist. My
. medicines have been used for many years by
. thousands: the unfortunate helped: relief in all
i cases taken; the most obstinate cases havo
. been relieved by my medical treatment: fre»
, confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. CR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market St., opp. Fifth.
i A — Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin: has had 25 years' expe-
• rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence, 60S
Guerrero, nr. ISth; takes ladies before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of mother'y care;
j $15; room & board. $1: infants adopted; every
', ~ case guaranteed to be restored to best o£
• health: advice free: phone Blue 411.
! MRS. D. WTETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
• ladies' specialists for female complaints; in-
'■ stant relief guaranteed: 30 years' experience:
private home before and during confinement.,
410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5. (
MRS. M. "WEGENER, • ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy St., near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided: ofac«
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to S:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homa
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies*
special 1 '* a private home before and during
confinement: best me '.leal care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice la
S. F.'; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposita
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d"-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everythlr.?
ln 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1013. 1021 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: writs for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; also good working tools, such aa
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers.
mortisers. saws, etc J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal; 200 ton»
apricot pita, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton.
f. o. b. Nilea: less than car lots at $1 50 E.
A. ELLSWORTH. Nlleg, Alameda Co., Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children*
Toy Furniture Sets.
* UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st.
LOT pipe bought of U. S. navy yard, cheap;
all sizes from V4 inch to 10 inch; as good as
new; also a. flne lot brass and Iron fittings.
H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny gt.. near Plna.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
30 SMALL pigs for sale or trade for chickens or
cow: Apply o33j Mission st., opp. Ocean View.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50, only $2S
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CANARY birds, rollers and ordinary birds
cheap at LOHMANN'S. 3168 Sixteenth st
SECOND— HAND combination, safe! for *a!»
cheap, to be seen at 421 Jackson st.
COLUMBIA wheel; Al condition; cheap.- 70? .•
California st. . - , . i -
WILL sell for $100 cash, finest quality s»alsklr(; .
cost $225; bust 36. Box 1683. Call office.
8 AND 25. H. P. gasoline and distillate engines:
latest model. Box 2343, Call office.
EXCHANGE your old carpets for new r>
GREENWALT. 7C8 Valencia: tel. Church 11SS.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boil- J
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson, f
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers: oak:
complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st.. rm. 2?.- >'
BO ,4T- S - lau nches. rowboats carried in siock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
CASH register (Hallwood>: brand new; reduc-
tion of tZ5. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
B^?r.^ fi^- « how cas>es; all lengths and sizes.'
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2>1-haiid moving pi:-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. T 131 Post St.
GASOLINn engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hanA
and launches, r E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
i MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENG I N . E ) ? , and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Bealo st.
MISCKLLA.NKOl'S WAA'TS.
RESPONSIBLE party wants use of plane for
Jl s ii s r2 Ee: EOO<I carc suaranteed. Box 2173.
C^H office.
L £ DI m S ' c*i * ents " Soori 2d-hand clolhing bcTiiht
& sold. Silverman, PSt Folsom; tel. FcUom 1131.
"i-J®^* wants good second-hand clothing nn4
theatrical gods. i;4 3th st.; tel. Folsom :r»21
Pa^x C tVclu SO oraci: rlcC3 for ° w K3lZH£^? V To LOA^ T -
* W. 500.000 at lowest rates *....
on first end second mortgages
...Life interests In estates
f : "^f 0 Pf1 y . beIng hela la trust....
......Lndivi<Jed Interests in real estate
"■£!!£i n ? U i raac t., l>oUcIe6 ' ei *ates la probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes.:
•• If xou Need Monev
See HERMAK MURPHY. COS Examlnef bldg!
* *«^ 1 £ ANHATTA * CO (Inc.). "
K30 000 at 6 per cent in sums to sul?; city. Oak-
land, town and counw-y property second
Vjortpases Ufe insurance^nd securTues; totSi
J£^"i ed tes ', un <"vMed Interests in
£ , le^? c i es; wiu Purchase above
LOAVoS fl 1 ***,, 602 *- MANHATTAN
CO.. 7th floor., Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT € PER CENT.
TXS'J*"? 1 !* and thlrd mortgages
t-ndivided Interest in real estite in probate"
Mortrai^s and legacies bouphtf no *Tlay
Oet my terms, before doing business •lslwherV
•„•■•• R- McCOLOAN
. «-* Montgomery st. room 3 .'."***.**
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent* first
eecoad and third mortgages, estates in Wl
bate, interest in -estatesTlegacies Mdtvfd^d
1st noor.Chronlde Mte.^^RGEE.'oLlaa?:
.AST amount, lowest rates on mortgages es-
tates, legacies, undivided latMwST^ta&i
13. J. I1ALLORAN. 206 Kearny st.. room 814.
A r-£^* L^?; LE < cor P° ratl <»» established In 1363-
proper place to borrow money on diamonds
isa S5?asas
T *£2£?S?<£*5& 'jeTelrV 0 a?fiSr»
est rates; private. Ormsby, ti M^m^meVyTt.
CA£H , 1 2 &Eed t0 People on note with"-
cut indorser cr on mortgage at^ 6 per cWtMr
annum. MORRELL, eoSE^mlneTCnJing
on furclture. etc. by private
tlal. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. 801 Jones.
6 - U \ t Z T ** «x furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. as Montgomery:
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
t^L ?^ St lnte rest: easy terms: no brcker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Bt.. room €8.
1% cn furniture and pianos; fl5 up: no removal-
no commission; private. Room EL 6 Eddy st
R4% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, farnltore.. pianos ; no removal; no
comzcis. ; confidential. fWhitehead. 1710 Market
ON fcrnitnre. pianos; lowest rate: no removal'
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister et
ONE per cent on furniture; (5 a month on each
tlflOO; any eeearity. S3 Montgomery et.. r. 1,
XF you irant & home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RCDELL. 222 Bansome st
■ifiJ^ s*T.tprra ■**+*„„* <~a , —
yfly .tiona. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pfaelan big.
TOITELEY Company; loan* and dls-
oousts. 221 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no tadorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bUlg.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
** pages, in •wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
MOSEY TTAJrTED.
J1200— At required interest; real estate security.
O. V.. box £43C, Call office.
MCSICAX. WSTBUMEXTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy ls tho
Simplex, because it does better work than
any otner and \rttn less *>mn half the effort
Call and bear one of these wonderful instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MA.UVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st
JL BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
■weeks only, is now on at The Mauvais Music '
Co., 70S Market Et The very best quality of :
goods will be offered at greatly reduced
prices, as the management wish to place It
■vritiiin the ability cf most any one to possess
ft piano. Purchasers of presents can select
DOW and have the instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted If no
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market Bt
JCOW is tho time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa-
cilities for such work and trill make prices
j very reasonable. Pianos tuned toy the year,
tl Pianoe for rent. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MU-
7 KTC CO.. TG9 Market st
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
oi Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of ?5 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearuy and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
cer Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and eldest
American makes: easy payments; big allow- -
ence for second-hand •pianos ; rent* $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. f25 up; Stelnways. J185;
Chlckeriags. J135; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary Et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Secocd-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from t2S up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'FarreU. Chickering, Mason
& Hamlin, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLEH & CHASE, 20 O'Farrell
Bt.; established lS50i
A SMALL Weber upright $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
■ oak case; Hardman square. $45; organs $25
U£ BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st, IVERS &
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new hlgh-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
Etallments). WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market
Y PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co..
323 Market et
Steck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwig and other
fine pianos. The Chaise & Baker piano player.
Almost new; $S00; standard upright piano; sac-
riflced quick buyer acc'nt death. 773 O'Farrell.
J6S0 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 38.
217 Geary Et.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 86. 217 Geary.
1125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition!
$78; Erard upright. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithere, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
6OHMER, Bj-ron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton
Eplelman pianos. 308 Post et.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale chean.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Bt.
AT KEEFFE'S. S2 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L<
poetare paid. v^
MIXES AXD MIXiaTQ.
FOR eale— Half Interest In placer mining claim
in the Blueetone Mining District Alaska.
Bcx IKS. Call office.
OIL. ~
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order* all
fizps: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission 'st
. P.USTERS AXD DECORATORS.
'"j|; r >OaiS papered .from $3 up; whitening done
-Jiartman Paint Co.. 313 Third; tel. Red 852L
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor gt.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
XEERGAARI), president St. Germain College
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2S33.
PENSION advice free;' general practitioner
, GEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examlnerbldg.
rERSOXALS. "
ARTISTIC fcairdressins. 25c, manicuring 25c,
r«3ts' manicuring 50c, bv experts; best hair
/j;k 2'. reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
tant in city, lie; our epecialties, scalp treat-
ment and lace massage; Patti Beauty Cream
60c; he&dQuarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea nerved free to all visitors
at tbe BON-TON, 324 Post et.
AN elegant line of remnants for raits to order.
$1£; with these cults we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. U17 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.'
A — HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
palsies* and without scar, with electricity, by
MIES GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 8688
Eighteenth et.. cor. Guerrero: tel. Blue 136L
TVIL,L lady who has children's misfit or left-off
•J'^ithea kindly give same to children of geutle-
""^rr.an ill straightened, circumstances? Please
« rite bcx 2531, Call office.
ONE BOTTLE cf Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout: price
12 CO per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co. Us Valencia it, S. F.; teL Church 1S7L
PERSONALS Continued. /
. ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third at., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night r $1 60 to $6 per week;
■ free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
, POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits, Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; dtreotion to give secretly; price
. »»• Address 1125 Geary st.. San Francisco.
WHY Guess? You can be certain o£ style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office. 1C21 Market st.near Sixth.
PACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
.Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis.. Mme.Z ephey
Kia-ora. parlors 830 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate Columbus,
Ohio.
GENTLEMAN of 28 would like to meet a re-
spectable lady of means; object matrimony;
no agents. Address box 2433, Call office.
DOLLS' wigs made; hair dressing, any style,
25c; shampooing, 50c; manicuring, 25c; wigs
and switches. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton rt.. near Broadway.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth Bt
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market St.. opp. McAllister st ;
VISITORS to Chinatown should not fall to see
the many Interesting curioa at LOOK
SHUE'S 18 Waverly place.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 73G Valencia at. bet. 18th and 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair ls falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. 232 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 968. Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
• country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Markt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, tho
best corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; $1; at all druggists.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for Jl per week.
NEUHATJS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny «t.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cort Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL-<)rfice and' residence^
1021H Market Bt. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay st; see testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
BARGAINS ' SNAPS
ESTATES • FORECLOSURES
_^_ ALL MUST BE SOLD.
TUESDAY December 3. 1901
At our salesroom. No. 638 Market St.,
at 12 o'clock noon.
ESTATE OF SOLOMON O. HEYDENFELDT,
Deceased.
The easterly corner of 8th and Howard sts.,
Nos. 1157 to '1171 Howard St., 205 to 209 8th St.
and Nos. 1 to 11 Sunshine court.
A FULL 50-VARA. . -
Present improvements consist of stores, flats
cottages, etc.; total rents $3018 per annum.
ESTATE OF SOLOMON O. HEYDENFELDT
Deceased.
Southwest side (Nos. 146 to 150) 5th st. 80 feet
northwest of Howard St.; imDrovements con-
sist of 2 three and 1 four story buildings, con-
taining stores and flats; present income $1512
per annum; lot 50x75 feet.
RICHMOND HOME.
South Bide (No. 3917) California St.. 123:9 8-12
feet west of 1st ave. boulevard; an elegant up-
to-date house of 8 rooms, porcelain bath, tiled
mantels, hieh basement and attic, cement
walk; Jot 23.05-12x62:6.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
Northwest side (Nos. 154 to 166) Tehama St.,
105 feet northeast of 3d st.; four well-built
fiats of 4 rooms each; rents $360 per annum;
lot 25x85 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Northeast side (Nos. 55 " to 67) Boardman
place, 225 feet northwest of Brannan st. ; two
fiats of 5-3 rooms, rear cottage 3 rooms and a
stable; rents $26 50 per month. !
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (No. 46) Ritch St.. 100 feet
northwest of Harrison st.: two front flats, 5
rooms each and a rear cottage 3 rooms; rents
$29 per month; lot 25x75 feet
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE, j
South side (No. 831) Haight St., 125 feet west
of Scott; modern residence, 9 rooms, bath and
basement; also a fine stable, with loft and
carriage room: lot 25x137:6 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side (No. 2S36) Mission St.. 482:9 feet
: north of St. Marys ave.; Improvements consist
of a one-story building, containing saloon and
grocery, with 4 rooms; completely equipped In
fixtures; lot 29x127:6.
PARK LANE TRACT LOTS.
South side of Lower Terrace, few feet west
of Juno St.: 2 fine building lots: only a few
feet from ISth-st. cars; lots 25x74 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.. bet Pierce and Stelner.
FOR SALE— Sacrifice; handsome flats; Liberty
St.; choice location. Owner, box 2437, Ca'l.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The -Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FKANCISCO^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, - on llancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco ls growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming.- Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 802 California st.. for pam-
phlets and information.
WE have a stock ranch for sale; also one or-
chard: they bear investigation; If you want a
nice home in this city, see us. MILES &
CO., 927 Market Bt., room 208. *
FOR rent near Haywarda— 10-acre poultry and
fruit ranch: well improved; cash. Owner,
2926 Sixteenth St., near Mission. S. F.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call office.
POULTRY and dafry ranches for sale; write'for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada year for $1,
postage paid. _^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
LOT near electric road; must sell; make bid
H. \V. DAVIS, I'rultvale station.
OAKLAND ADVEimSEME NTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
s" mT DODGE & SON, ~-~- ~
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— Something extra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand sew home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES ot every description and price for
sale or rent Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rei:t
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.. -../-.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas th«
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. *
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel, folding bed; use of kitchen.
FIFTH, 353—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
with bath, $20; two. $10; single. J5.
FOLSOM, 1293, -corner Ninth— Sunny, cozj-
housekeeping rooms. $11; also others; 1 large.
GEARY, 1225— Unfurnished suite, 3 rooms; sun-
ny furnished bty-window, with kitchen, com-
plete. ■■'■'■•-£
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Alcove and kitchen,
completely furnished; grate; bath; gas; range.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; reasonable. -
HYDE, 408-Sunny front parlor with kitchen,
$20; also a large sunny furnished room, $12.
MCALLISTER, 536— Large sunny front room;
sink; gas range, bath, $12; also suite, $16.
MCALLISTER. 2000. ccr. Central ave.— 3 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping, $8.
OAK, 119— Sunny room, furnished, 'heavy house-
keeplng, $9; small front room, furnished, $6. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st ■ • ■ ■ ■
ROOMS TO LET—Fttrn. and Untarn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New^ elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
warC; special rates by week or month; take
McAHisler-st cars from ferry to doer.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms;, cpen all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)^-Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices -reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 1705— Sunny neatly furnished
rooms, $4 and $5 per month. --■
EDDY, 10G — Sunny suite of rooms; also single
rooms; reasonable. ;
EDDY, 210— Front parlor; light housekeeping If
•desired; also single.
EDDY, 303, cor. Jones — Front bay-window
sunny room; use of kitchen if required. :. :
FOUR clean, sunny, unfurnished rooms on
Rincon Hill. 307 First st: a snap: \1.
FOUR fine showrooms' and office floors to let;
409 Market st. Apply Schloss Crockery Co.
FOURTH. 149— New furnished eunay rooms
from $3 to {12 per month.
FRANCISCO HOTEL-Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et, near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished \, strictly first-class;
tOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references,-
take Market-st. cable cars to Tnrk st
GOLDEN GATE ave., 433— Elegantly fur. rms.;
large front and back parlor suitable for doctor.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 102 Ellis st— Sunny out-
Elde rooms; tingle, $2 60; suites, $4 60 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
MINNA, 66T, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. \<
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; references. -
RINCON place, 28— Sunny room; fireplace; use
of kitchen ; for lady. - -
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
-floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth 6t,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone: prices low.
SUTTER, S20H (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient
SUTTER. 42G— Nicely furnished sunny room;
suitable for two. . «,
-•■ — ————— _^___^_^____________
TENTH, 133— Large parlor, fireplace, closet,
bath: cheap rent; upstairs bell.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an*
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -■<
ROOMS AND BOARD.
PICTlTONT^H^m^
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
-table; new and modern; location unsurpasetl.
THE IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated; new management; furnished rooms,
with board; excellent table; prices moderate.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Ma'rket— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
VAN NESS, E19— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
A LARGE front room; board; hot. cold water;
fire, closet; use parlor, piano. 850 Van Ness.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
ROOMS i _ WANTED. '
WANTED — 4 or 5 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeplng for adults. MRS. T., 1814 Stelner st
RUPTUUE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured • at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rodms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING JUACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSo.'
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TVPKWH1TISKS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN" TYpTsWMTEIlS^We'
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ■ : ; '
DIvfDEND Notlce^The Gian T Powde7~Com^
pany, Coa— A dividend, No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
. Calif crnia st. San Francisco, on December
10. 1901. Transfer books close December
3. 1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DISSOLUTION OF PAKTMflKSHIl'.
AH LOUI (Lo Hoy) has disposed of his entire
stock of goods, firm name QUONG PI HING
at 945 Dupont St., to pay all his indebtedness'-
LO ON and LUN CHOY. old partners havo
purchased the fixtures and will conduct the
business as' usual; from this date LO HOY
will.be responsible for his own debts, if buy-
ing anything from any person, the old firm
having nothing to do with him.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tlon free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court
Room 611. Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS. ' ~^~~
PROPOSALS- for Quartermaster's Supplies
Depot' Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 18, 190L
—Sealed proposals. In - duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
'fuesday. December 3, • 190L - Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Pack-
. ing Boxes, Lumber. Burlap, . Excelsior and
Hoop Iron. Quantities to be subject to 21)
per cent increase if decided upon by I this
Department. Bidders must state In thelj
proposals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them. Preferenca
will be given to articles * of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, . conditions of price
. and quality being equal (including . in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference • will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service - there. Tile
United States reserves the right to -accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containlngi proposals will be Indorsed '.'Pro- 4
posals No. 10.167," and : addressed to MA JORt
C. P. MILLER, Quartermaiter, U.. 8. Army
Depot Quartermaster. . -...-: . -
■BIETHS-MAERMES-DEAm
I Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either ot the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. , "
CLINE— In this city, November 28, 1901, to tho
wife of Joseph V. Cline, a son.
LEOPOLD— In this city. November 21, to the
wife of Jacob Leopold, a dauehter.
PLUNKETT— In this city, December 1. 190L
to the wife of William John -Plunkett, a
daurhter. . - - ,-
WANNER ACHER— In this city, December 1.
1901, to uie wife of Rupert Wannenmacher, a
- . ,
MARRIED.'
MEYER— LYMAN— By the Rev. Mr. Brush, at
the California Hotel, November • 26, Arthur
Meyer and Miss Edna Florence Lyman, both
of .this city. , '
DIED. ,
Bailey. Jude» David Klopenstine, Joseph ,
Brown, Thomas . ■ Long, Frederick
Callaghan, Margaret Malgan, Thomas F.
Cline (infant) ■ Malloy, Walter
Pecrie, Francois Miller, Magnus H.
Fortier, Harry W. Nesbitt, Joseph A.
. Grlffln, Will D. Reran, Mary
Hofmann. Sarah E. .Rcilly, Annie F.
Husson, Elizabeth Wichelhauser, Her-
Kaiser, Celestin P. man.
Kittler, Franke
BATLEY— In this city, November -30, 1901,
""" Judge David Bailey, of Olympia, Wash.
BROWN— Drowned at Point Richmond. No-
vember 18, 1S01, Thomas Brown,' a. native of
Norway, aged 45 years. A membar of Pacific
Coast Marine Firemen's Union.
tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the receiving
vault at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. ., ■
CALLAGHAN— In this city, November 30, 1901,
Margaret Acnes, beloved daughter of Tim-
. othy and Margaret Callasrhan, and sister of
Mary, John Joseph, Patrick William- and
- Johannah Ellen Callaghan, a - native of San
Francisco, - aged 2 years 9 months . and 6
days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1568 Treat avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLINE— In this city, November 28, 1901, infant
eon of Joseph V. and Anna > Cline.
FERRIE— In this city, December 1. 1901, Fran-
cols Ferrie, a native of Carcasonne, France,
aged 51 years and 1 month. s, •,
FORTIER— In Berkeley, November 30, 1903.
Harry Westgate, beloved son of Shadwick
and Anna Fortier, and brother of Mrs. R. M.
Hale and Margerite and Katherine Fortier,
aged 16 years and 3 months. .
E?"The funeral will' be held from his late
■residence, 2105 Bancroft Way, Berkeley, to-
day (Monday), at 2 o"clock. .
GRIFFIN— Will D.; beloved husband Of Helen
Grlffln, a native of San Francisco, aged 41
years 11 months and 21 days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOFMANN— At her late residence, 1219 Bush
street, in this city, November 30, 1901, Sarah
E. Hofmann. beloved sister of Joseph A.,
Lewis N. and Dr. Mary Ellen Hofmann and
■ Mrs. C. C. Holle, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 78 years 2 months and 11 days.
£7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the chapel of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HUSSON— In this city, December 1, 1901. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Urbalm, Husson, a"
native of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
74 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 919 Clay street, . thence to .St. . Mary.' s
Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KAISER— In this city, November 30, 1901.
Celestin Pierre Kaiser, beloved husband . of
Marie L: Kaiser, and father of -Miss Celes-
tlne Kaiser, a native of France, aged 34
years 10 months and 20 days. ' r
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 32 Pleasant street, thence to French
church for services, thence to Foresters' Hall,
102 O'Farrell street, where services will b«
held under the auspices of Court Victoire.
KITTLER— In this •city, December 1, 1901,
Frauke, beloved son of Roman and Augusta
Klttler, and brother of Rosa, Charles ana
Max Kittler. a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years 7 months and 17 daya.
KLOPENSTINE— In this city, November 30,
1901, Joseph Klopenstine, a native of Canton,
Ohio, aged 76 years 3 months and 6 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of Golden Gato Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 'Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment private.
LONG— In this city, November 30, Frederick
Long, father of Mrs. Mary Wittman.
ItyaThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of ,Carew and English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Please omit flowers.
MALGAN— In this city, November 30. 1901.
Thomas Francis Malean, beloved father of
Mrs. C. F. Serpa and Miss M.. Malgan. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 54 years 7 months and
2 days. . A member of Cherokee Lodge No.
92, I. O. O. F., and Table Mountain Lodge
- No. 124, . F. and A. M. . (Butte. and Shasta
counties papers please copy.)
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary .
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MALLOY— In this city, November 30. 1901,
Walter, beloved husband of Linda G. Malloy,
and father of Walter S. Malloy, a native of \
Boston, Mass., aged 50 years 11 months and j
17 days. .j
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's !
Hall. J20 Post street, under the auspices of :
Golden Gate Lodge No. 8. A. O. U. W. In- i
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
. the residence of his sister, Mrs. F. M. Grlf-
fln. 3447 Nineteenth street •
MILLER— In this city. December 1. 1901, Mag-
nus Henry, son' of John and Maggie Miller,
a native nf San Francisco, aged 24 years 1
month and 13 days. —
NESBITT— At Rio Vista, Cal.. December 1,
1901, Joseph Asbury Nesbitt, beloved husband
of Mary E. Nesbitt, and son of the late Anna
J. , Gardner, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
• 49 years 1 month and 6 days. ' . •
ETFuneral Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence. . - »
REGAN— In this city. November 30, 1901, Mary
-Regan, beloved sister of Martin Regan, and
. aunt of Joseph, James, Thomas and Annie
Recan. a native of Birmingham. England,
aged 42 years.. (New Haven, Conn., papers
please copy.)
!C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), -at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-'
slon street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn recuiem maes will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
REILLY— In this city, December 1, 1901, at her
residence. 27 Hattie street. ! Annie ■ F.. be-
loved wife of John J. Reilly, and sister of
Richard R. and Arthur J. Brannagan, a na- !
tlve of Willow, Ci-eek, San Benito County, I
Cal., aged 30 years 11 months and 17 days.
WICHELHAUSER— In the Hebrew Home, 507
Lombard street, In this city, November 30,
1901. Herman Wichelhauser,. a native of
Westphalia, aged 71 years. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth ftt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Velephono South SO. ' -
Mt Olivet Cemetery.
. Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE ai(J MARKET STREET.
' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
~~ JAMBS McGlNN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet
Taylor 'and Jones. Telephone South 676.
R 27 ttM jo Fifrh St. Tel. South 107 1
■ H FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM&AL.MER&.J I
g Finest Equipment at Modtrat* Ruttn. % ,
_ ! ~ * - I
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
Samuel 'McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association- M J
McBrearty, with the same ' company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE, j
ARRIVED.
Sunday,' December 1.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ■ " - :. -
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 25 hours ; from Moss
Landing. ' ■ . -
A man In North Carolina ,was selline
standing timber— walnut treeb. The man
who was buying came to one very hand
some tree. He . told the . owner he would
pay as much as $50 for that tree The i
owner dldnotsell, but sent forexperts '
He got $1500 for the tree (curled walnut) ,
as It stood." The -man) who cut it down
realized $3000 for it on the cars, "it was '
shipped to New York, and veneered one
sixth . to half " an' inch.' The sales were '
watched. { :The .tree, brought $60,000.—Chi
cago Journal. . . /
LONDON MARKET
REMAINS QUIET
Speculators Expect Bad
Break in Copper and
: , Silver ■.Stocks, r
Discontent in the Industrial
Situation Causes
Stagnation.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— During the past
week the Stock Exchange has been any
thing but a cheerful resort. Money . baa
been decidedly tight, forcing borrowers
to have recourse to the bank.' Fortunate
ly, the ""Government's disbursements have
been larger for this week. Prance has
also shown a disposition to Increase her
balances in London, while the hope is
expressed that further gold will be forth
coming from New Torkv But with the
approach of the . year end and a large slice
of the last loan soon due there Is small
hope of easy money before well Into Jan
uary of next year. In the meanwhile busi
ness is as stagnant as ever.
The Industrial situation is' decidedly
bad. The "Welsh miners, who have been
stopping work in the blind hope of rals
ing-v prices by restricting the coal pro r
duction, have merely succeeded in irri
tating the owners, who now j threaten a
lockout, while the reported -uncertainty- of
the "Welsh situation has . thrown numer
ous steam coal contracts for Great Brit
ain and France into the hands of Ger
man and Amtrlcan competitors.
The copper situation is enveloped • in
as much mystery as it has been for
months past, and there is a feeling in
the air that unfavorable developments
are imminent. Silver ls closely allied to
copper, and the present phenomenal de
cline in copper is taken to indicate* that
American interests, which are here be
lieved to have been maintaining artificial
ly high prices . are about to relax their
grip. A sharp break in both metals is
possible. - ' •
It is only fair to say that such gloomy
views are largely based upon the infer
ences of speculators, and are probably in
tensified by the general .discontent in the
industrial outlook and the never-ending
war in South Africa.
The situation in Germany adds a cer
tain encouragement. While it is believed
here that the worst of the German finan
cial crisis is, over the present industrial
stagnation in that country supports the
theory that "numerous small failures are
bound to be reported at Intervals for
months to come. Such an outlook is
scarcely encouraging for promoters.
There are rumors of a new German
loan, and it is said in some quarters that
the rumored loan will probably be issued
in February. /
THE FRENCHMEN LEADEBS
IN AERIAL NAVIGATION
Have Been Persistent and Daring in
Their Efforts Since the Year
1783. ■ . . >
As far back as 1783 the French took an
active interest in aeronautics. In that
year two Frenchmen— one of them of no
ble, blood— made an ascension that lasted
twenty, minutes. The passion for balloon
ing, we might say, has been hereditary
with the French. Nor does the fact that
Mr. Santos-Dumont is a Brazilian bv
birth militate against, our statement.
There -are no recognized aeronauts in
Brazil. The winner of the Deutsch 1 prize
is an air, sailor in consequence of his long
residence in Paris. : , • ■
It would be an exaggeration to say that
aeronautics is a French sport,, yet in no
other country is it followed so persist
ently and so enthusiastically. Two years
ago an . aeronauts' club, the Aero Club,
was organized in Paris. During the ex
position some notable trips were made,
of which perhaps the most notable was
the race eastward from Vincennes. A bal
loon named the Centaur traveled from
the old French town to Korostlchef , in
the province of Kief, Russia, in thirty
nve and three-quarters hours. Another
balloon, the St. Louis, sailed 1361 kilo
meters in twenty-seven and a quarter
hours. The grand prize at the exposition
contests was won by the Count de la
Vaulx, who a week or two ago, It will be
remembered, unsuccessfully attempted to
sail across the Mediterranean.
The most successful -aeronaut up to
date, Santos-Dumont, uses an airship of
his own design. It is shaped like a tor
pedo—a cylindrical body sharpened at
both ends. His first noteworthy ascension
was made more than three years ago In
September, 1898, but it was not until two
years later that his achievements became
extraordinary. In September, 1900 dur
ing the sessions of the Aeronautic Con
gress, he sailed against the wind. His
latest and greatest feat consisted in sail
ing from a suburb of Paris to and
around the Eiffel Tower and back with
in half an hour. The success of the un
dertaking-contrasted sharply with the
Count de la Vaulx's failure to cross tho
Mediterranean.
So far as this country is concerned, ths
only serious recent contribution to aero
nautics, while the subsidized German
product. Count Zeppelin's airship, is not
yet worthy of any deep attention. The
chances, therefore, seem to favor the
French as the solvers of the problem of
aerial navigation.
Weatlier Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 1—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— .. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..........'. -0 ' ,...'.• .15.41
Red Bluff 0 8.11 6.74
Sacramento 0 4.79 6.30
San Francisco 0 4.93 5.83
Fresno 0- -..' 1.99 5.10
Independence J..... 0 . 1.29 - 2.18
San Luis Obispo... 0 4.44 . 9.94
Los Angeles 0 2.44 6.79
San Diego 0 0.75 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
69; minimum, 50; mean,* 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
CO g; gO m •«
stations*. SI P!?JH= »J. «
* : : : o
Astoria.. 30.02 60 46 NE • Cloudy 1.48
Baker 30.16 40 40 NW Rain .20
Carson ...........30.18 60 32 W Cloudy .00
Fresno ..30.16 58* 48 SE • Cloudy .00
Flegstaff ........ 30. 2S 46 24 SE PtCldy 00
Pocatello, Idaho.30.22 42 32 SE -Cloudy T
Independence .-...30.12 64 40 NW Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles .....30.00 84 54 W Clear -.00
Phoenix 30.02 76 50 NW Clear 00
Portland 30.04. ,52 48 W ~ Rain .34
Red Bluff 30.16 62 52' SE ' Cloudy ,00
Roseburg 29.98 54 52 NW Rain - 1.96
i Sacramento ...... 30. IS' 60 48 SE Clear .00
Salt Lake ........ 30. 28' 48 32 S Cloudy .00
San Francisco ..30.20 60 50 N r Cloudy .00
San Luis Oblspo.30.12 74 58 V > Clear .00
San Diego 29.98 74 54 NW Pt Cldy .00
, Seattle i. ....... ...30.08 54 46 N Cloudy .36
Spokane ...80.12 48 42 S Cloudy .22
! Neah Bay ....30.06 52 ' 44 E Pt Cldy .06
Walla Walla ....30.10 64 50 SE .Cloudy .24
Wlnnemucca ....30.12 52-32 W Cloudy- T.
Yuma 30.00' 78 60 NW Pt Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ■
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the . Pacific Slope , from Central California
northward.. . Rain has fallen over Oregon,
Washington and Idaho. .'■':• .
-The prersure has fallen over the country wast
of the Rocky Mountains. "
The temperature, has .risen along the coast
of Sovthcni California and in Western Nevada
aii-1 fallen in Western Oregon.: Temperatures
anj generally above the normal over the entire
Pacific Slope.",- - - • . >■
Conditions are i favorable for showers : over
Northern California Monday.
: Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houm. ending midnight, December 2.1901r
Northern California— Cloudy- Monday, with
showers ;' fresh southerly vwlnd.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
light west wind. 'f&f&^vfaf&Sl
! Nevada— Cloudy, with showers Monday; cool
1 er In north portion ;■ fresh southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
probably with showers; fresh- southerly wind.
-'.- G. H. WILLSON,
.V . Local Forecast Official.
■•"... . - — ■ ♦ « — — /.■
.It takes a> blacksmith longer to. shoe 1 a
jnule than It does a woman to shoo a hen.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RTJSS HOUSE.'
W S Bryden, Pa J R Volet, Indiana
W C Wastter. N T Jas Schmidt. Yuba Co
Mrs Roze, Newark F I> Warrell, Chicago
Miss Roze. Newark Cora Heahl. Wllllta
L LBoltz, Omaha G E Hurley. Ukiah
Mrs E Ledbetter and J A Scott. Ukiah *
son, Los Ansreles "W Lehn. Forestville
Mrs M Bowers & son. J Robinson. Oakland
Salem, Or • J B Foster. Oakland
Mrs E L Pearson. Cal E B Jordan. Mill Valy
T Holland & wife, .NY E C Tassell. Mill Valy
A Mlchaells, Wash H Helm. Mill Valley
L A Dudley&w, Los A R II Youns;, Alameda
A Qulesle, Gait . C L "Wilson Jr. Almda
A E Winberg, Salt Lk Ralph Jones. Shasta
W B Silkworth & w, Chas E- Windtt, S Rafl
. H H McDonald. Oakld
G Grant. SDreckels Mrs McDonald, Oakld
A Joseph & w. Cal C . J Jackson, Oakland
Geo Grant, E Oakland Mrs J Black. Oregon
E Stetson & w, Los A J C Jackson. Oakland
Miss C M Pratt. Cal W W Graman. Berkly
MIs-s V T Smith, Cal F MLangley, Sacto
E W Hosts, Seattle Leroy Moore Jr. Brkly
M A Lathroj), Boston F E Grimes, Oakland
G W Case Sr. Wash R P Matbews & W.
J Doerrer. Wisconsin Oakland
P Werner. Wisconsin A Langdon, Oakland
W Hearn. Indiana F Jarrissere. Sausalito
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Cooke, Oakland S B Dunbar, Belvedere
J B Qulgley & w, Ala- A N Buchanan, Sacto
meda • GH Jeffress & w, Oak-
J V Gallndo, Oakland land
A R Galindo, Oakland Dr M J Murray, S Kaf
R M Stuart, Chicago E J Connell, S Rafael
0 Stiner, NY J Kullman, Benicia.
A G Vincent, London J L Robson, Berkeley
Miss L Plerson, Chicgo W D Clausser, Sausalo
J J Rafferty & w, Ha- T Clausser, Sausalito
vana F Andrews, Sausalito
J W Scott & w, Oakld Mrs C D Green. S Jose
Mrs G Scott, Oakland F J Snow, Berkeley
E P Smith. Oakland M Kahn. Petaluma ■
C W Randall, Pledmnt S Hubbard Jr. Oakland
F F Sturgess Oakland C P Hubbard, Oakland
Mrs A Schlott Napa T P Fltzgerafd, Mill V
E C Evans & w, S Raf W F McAllister. Chgo
Mrs R M Cutts. Cal C H Hill, Alameda
E D Boyles. Mexico J Ward, Salinas
W R Bradshaw. Mo W D English, Oakland
F W Aikens, NY H Engels. Alameda
W Lloyd, NY F Wolf, Berkeley •
Dr Webb; Marlposa J P Taylor, Berkeley
A N Gage, Arizona P Moor, Berkeley
M Cohen & t, Sausalito Rev C O Mahony, Cal
G W Wheaton & w, H L Tibbett, Boston
Oakland R C Meysenburg. Chgo
W L Stewart L Ang E Herezel, Chicago
F "W Wallace & w, F B Goldman, N Y
Berkeley , A F Johnston. N Y
Dr L L Dunbar & w, C R Halre, Mich
Belvedere . W C Free &■ w, Chlcay
J M Olive & w, San L Gundelflnger, Fresno
Quentln " W H Thornton, N Y
W J Talbot, Oakland F Leonard, Nevada
S M Haslett & w, Ala- E R Graham. Bakrsfld
meda H M Vlckery, N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
A Anderson, Suisun L Hart, San Jose
T B Coghlll, Oakland E Gilbert & w, Chicago
1 R Heath & d, Vallejo E Elliott & w. Chicago
L C White. Del Monte Mrs P Duncan, Cal
G Ashley & fm, Oakld E K Alexander. Ls An
T E Forster & nc, Sae I H O'Connor* Cal
L M Hall & w, Oakld L H Maxwell, Portlnd
J J Rafferty & w.Cuba J Kelsey, Portland
L Ehler, New York C W Cluett & w. N Y
P R Abrams, Cinn H J Best. Chicago
r Burboh. Atlantic Cty Mrs Wilkinson, Merced
J H Brown, Cinn N V Lyons, New York
J Nelson, Kansas A J Larson, Lodl
W Kochler, NY LC White. Del Monte
J Hopkins. NY J McDonnell.- Menlo
T H Graham. NY J H Tschudy. Mo
J C Qulnn & w, Cal Dr J E Shafer, Salinas
Mrs J R Farrell, Cal C A Palm. Sacto
Mrs R Graham. Cal HP Gray & w. Cal
W Taylor, Stanford J R Stevens, Stanford
P Coulter, Santa Rosa J Waterhouse, Cal
F S Dow, Ohio E C Lowe. Woodland
J L Cross, Boston F M Brown. Cal
D H Boynson. Wash H H Chandler, Stanfod
M F Perry, Mexico ! Miss EM Cutter. RF
I P Block, Victoria M Cutter & w, Marysvl
3- R Wilton, Los Ang Miss E Cutter, Marysvl
E O Simons & w, Cal R P Qulnn, Watsonvll
C L Packer, DC. 3- Jessen. Watsonville
G W Hamilton, Cal 3 C Wyckoff, Watsonvl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
• D S Thomson, Brandon T Eusavllla. S Jose
John Lyden, St Louis' J Kenden, S Rafael
C Michaels ' Wash F Hansen, Chlco
J Moyer, vallejo J M.Crawford, Oaklnd
J Mulroy, Ingleslde J T Swank, Vlsalta
R Scott, Los Ang B Nelson. Chicago
G F Green, Sacto C Fletcher. Portland
L L Payne, Los Ang O H Rhodes, Vallejo
W J Baringer, L Ang H Fecklenburg-, Lodt
J Galvln, S Rafael T Wilson & w. Stocktn
E J Jones, Benicia . ".'
CALL CALENDAR.
December, 1S01.
S. I M. T. t W. I T. IF.I S. ', * Moon'a Phases.
~Z ~ T" ~~l T I T~ /«■- December 2.
____________ Last Quarter.
8 • 10 11 12 13 14 A December 10.
"ft December 18,
22 23 24 23- 26 27 28 -9 First Quarter.
29 30 31 fa December ?5.
1 V=/ Full Moon.
Even at the equator the average tem
perature of the sea at *he depth of a
mile is but four degrees above freezing
point.
~V KAIL WAY TSAVEL. '
CALIFORNIA N3BTBVESTESX 1L (E
LESSSQ]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Forry. f«t mt Oerity* flfc
van Franjls-o it> can Kufa*!.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
&:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:4V, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, J: 40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
j San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- f I Sun- I Week ,
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, ■ —
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:10 am
Lytton,
* Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 6:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am I 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
91:30 pm 6:C0 pm ' , 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
.. and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm -den Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:80 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter ValUy,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Hullvllle, Orr*s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, • Usal, Willits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - . ■
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. !
•Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. iK. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:06 p 2:35 p. 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 » 3:27 p 8:05 a ........
"Visalia.... 8:39 p 5:00 a :
" Bakersfld. «:lo p 5:20 p "7:45 a .,.-
•' Kan City. ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a .......\
" Chicago. 2:15 p 9:00 p
. a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train is -the California Lim-
ited, carry Ins Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield. for I accommodation of
local flrst-claes passengers. No second-
class tickets, are honored- on this train.
Corresponding" train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily. - . .-.-",
4:20 p. m. ls Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:^0
p. m. dally. . ...
- 8:00 p. m. ls the Overland Express, with
through 'Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuta out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. . - , ■ .:■■-'
7:20 a. m. U . Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Of flees— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. - • . ■■ •• ■ • • ■ • ■ . . ■'
AUCTION SALES
TliSISTHE SALE!
THE GBANDEST LOT OF
Yearlings, 2 and 3 Year Olds
and Horses in Training
ever offered at auction in California, consigned
by MENLO STOCK FARM (W. O*B. Macdon-
ouglr. Esq.). EL MONTE STOCK FARM. P. O.
LANE and BURNS & WATERHOUSE,.:
' Consisting of yearlings by •
ST. CARLO, Klnff of Sires, full brothers and
sisters to St Cuthbert Socialist. Lord Mar-
mlon, and some from the dama of Achilles.
AJax. Don Fulano and Vitelllua; » -
JOE RIPLEY. the 3ecord Breaker, out ot
Madeleine. Playfere. Tribulation. .Salonlca.
Moonlight. Resica and Dancing Eyes;
■ And Two and Three Year Olda by
IMPORTED PICCOLO. Sire of Stake Wia-
cers, out of Experiment. Marcelle, Minetta
and Lady Torso;
And the following race horses in training,
PAT MORRISSET. DTJCKOT. GIBRALTAR.
PANAMINT. DOLLT ■WEITHOFF, SAILOR,
RUSTLESS, CATHELLO. ARMADO. TOAT-
PION. SALLY SENSIBLE FILLY. Etc.
Sale will take place
TO-MOBROW,
TUESDAY EVENING, |gS|
Commencing at 7:43 o'clock, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD STREET,
NEAR THIRD, S. F.
WILLIAM O. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at yard Sunday. Dec. 1. 1901.
SALE EVERY TUESDAY. 11 a. m., at 1144
Folsom st. Horses of all classes; also the larg-
est assortment of single and double Harness.
Saddles, Wagons, Surreys, Buggies. Carts.
Robes ever offered at public auction.
BATLWAY TEAVEL.
g
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains |eitv« and nr« «Im« lo nrrtv* at
NAN riCANClMCO. . V
-•:■' (Vain line. Foot of Market Street)
fcKATB — .FKOU KoVgMBXJt <. 1301. — AltRITJ
7:OOa Brnlci*. Suisun, Elmir* mad Sacra-
mento ., 6:3-1 »
TiOOa VaeaTule, Winter*. Ramsey ?tS3*
?i3Oa Martinez, S»ulUmou, Vallejo, N*p»,
CalistogaandHanta Itoia. 0t33r
SxOOa Darin, Woodland. Knignti Landing.
MarTstille. Oro»ill« 7i33»
SsOOa Atlantic Kxpreu— Ogden and Eaat S:2Sa
M:«Oa miea, Lkthrop. Stockton 7s23»
8:00a NUeo, Mendot*, Hanford. Yiaalla,
Forterrills 4:35»
8 j3O a Shasta Eipr-ss— DhyLj, Williama (foi
Bartlett Spring*;. Willows, Red
Blufi, PoiUamL.. 7s35»
■ i3» a San Je*e, - IiTermors. SXoektou.
loue, Sacramento, PiaceiYiUe, ' "
Murjstllle, CUico. lteJ Bluff 4<S.1»
•' «sS»a Oakdalr, Chinese, 8onora. Carter*,.. 4:2.'i>
9:0«a Hayward, Kiles and Way SUtioui.. ■ 1 :-13*
. O:OOa Vallejo 13*23?
!»:OO a Los Angeles Rxpreis — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. Htoekton. Merced
Fresno and Loa Anxelea j 7<23y
9:3«A Valleio. Martinez aud Way Station! ~7iZ*r
IOiOOa The Orerland Limited— Ogden, Vmt- ,
Yer, Omaha. Chicagi B:23»
fiiOOr Sacramento Utter Steamer* fll'* 11 *
S:3ftr Ha;ward. Nile* and Way Station!.. 7i33»
4tVOr ISenleia, Winters, Macraiuenko, ,
Woodland, KuighU Landing. ;
MaryBTille, OtoTille 10:33a
«i«l«lr Marline*. Han Ramon, Vallejo.
Nairn, r'alintOK*. Santa Itoia »ia."» \
■•tOOr Nile?. LiTermore. Stockton. Lodi... MiSO*
4ilH»r Hljrwanl, Mlei, Bail June, Llvcrmoro tS.-aS*
4tS»r Port Cost*. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 10:23*
S:»OpThe Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
• BakersBeltl, Sangus for Santa Ear-
bar*. Loa Angeles 11:39a
B:OOj» Martinez. Antiocb, Stocitcn, Mer-
ced, Fresno 13U3»
8:3Or N<rw. Orleans Exprens — Hendota,
Fresno, Eakenfield, Loa Angeles,
.Dcmlng. £1 Vuo, New Orleans
and East...... 7:33a.
«:«»p Ba/ward, Miles aud San Jose 7:33*
tSsOOr Vallejo 11:234
OiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenns,
Omaha, Chicigo 8:23a
OiOvr Oriental Wall— Og-dec, Denrer,
SL Looia. Chicago. , 1:23»
7:00 r Oregon aud California lCx press. Hao>
riMiieutii, Marjitillo, KmMliif.
1'ortlamt. J'liget Mound and Kant 8:33a
MJpSjh Pablo. Pork Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11:23a
> t»:05p Valloji. 7i33y
COAST LINE (Narrow tUnge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
8:13a Newark. Ontenille.Sau Jose.Fplton,
BonMer Creek.SanU Oruz and Way
Stations 8i3O*
t*<lS> Newark Centerrllle. San Jose, New
Almsuen, Velton, llonlder Creek.
Santa Crus and l'rlncipal Way
Stations l»i.1»4
4»l»r Newark. Sou Jose. Los Gatos -• 1S:3Oa
«9.30r Hunters' Train— San Josa and Way
Stations t7«2O»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
frta SU msCISCO-Fort «f Market Strut (Slij 8>—
t7:l> 9:00 11:00a.M. 1:03 1:03 8:lSr.M.
rrimOULUB— rMl^Brtilwij.— 1«;00 J3;00 13:0J
10:00 A.M. 12:00 8:03 i:03r.M.
COAST LINE <Brpm,l U««jje).
j- . W (Third mid Townseinl SU.)
tti l w a Ban Jose and Way Htationa......... ft::to»
7:00* Han Jose and Way SUUuiis li»u P
/7:»«A New AlusanVu /4:1«»
WiOOa Hail Jose. Tres Picos, Uautii Crux. ■
r*cli!c Hrofe, Salinas, S»n Lola
Obispo, Santa Barbira aud Pifca.
dpai intermediate Htntlnns 7:13?
lOiHOiSan Jose and Way Stations. 4:10?
I1:3Oa Han Jose and Way KUtinus ........ 8i3«»
t»:i»* San Mateo. Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. San Jose.
Tree Piaos, SanU Crux. Salinas,
Monterey itml PaclBe (irore tl«'»3*
■ssor Han Jose and Way Stations. *:3Oa
t4t!3r San Jwe and Principal Way Stations «:-s»a
«S:OOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 1&OOA
■ StJIOr San .lose aud Principal Way Station* 4:3OA-.
SiOOr Redwood, Han Jose, Gilroy. SaUnas,
SanU Barbara, Lou Angeles I0:O3a
C:3Op San Jose and Way Stations......... t* : «*A
«llt43p San Jose and Way Stations. •>»O»
A for Morning.' P for A f ternoon. •
t Sunday exeepted. t ftunday only.
« Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Fridays .^
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMllto F«rry. ,
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
FK AND SAH RAFAEL. -
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
n -45 3:15, 4:15. «:15. •8:15, «:43 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 D. m.
SUNDAYS— •SrtO. •10:00. •Jl:30 a. m.. 1:33.
315 *4:15. «:3u. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:23. 6:27. 7:43. 8:35, 10O3
ar m *12:25. 2:15. *3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. .
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4o and 9:55 p. ra. -v
SUNDAYS-«:15. -8:00. -10:00. 11:45 a. «..
•1-40 ♦3:13 4:45. *6:30 P. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30 a. m.
12-35 ?:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35. p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a..m.. 12:05, 2:15, |;33
E'OO 6:45 P. m.
' THROUGH TRAINa,
S:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . a
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. '
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry "Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
alchl at tb« «T»»era at TaaaT i i_
sssiS&a-.
4U5 P. 11:30a. *-*."Mh i»tt.««yat*« 4;25 p -^
1:15 p. *" "* *"* »v «Jj. 5;55 ,
Fare, 8*a frsaeUro to Summit and Return, 11.90.
SebtOflM*. tU iLUULET StXXZt tad SACaAUIO TOAT.
S^lb. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A fMHtiln 629 KEACSY ST. Established
Ik *iSrTS3ll» J"3^ for the treatment of Prtvnts
JiijJt*s f &1 Ui-tenses, I^^t ilanliood. DrHlity or
sb MBHHraidUease wearlnar^n hoilyandnjindaiid
2 BaffiKsySkln Diseases. The IJoctorcores wlit'ij
fait. Try him. Charge* low.
Pv^yL^Sy-Jfiirg.* guarnntcfd. CallorWriWi
l>r. JT. JF. KIBBOX. saa rraucisco. CaL
WeeHy GaB $1.00 pr Year
1112
"LOHENGRIN" IS SUPERBLY RENDEREP,
BUT ONLY ATTRACTS A SLIM AUDIENCE
Eames and Sembrieh Sing Together
in "Le Nozze di Figaro" at
To-Day's Matinee,
Calve Is to Appear This Evening in
"Cavalleria Rustieana" in
Role of Santuzza.
Jt* PERFORMANCE of "Lohen
« /\ grin" that overtopped both of
f~^k the preceding ones of the season
/ % in spirit and poise, the appear-
• ance of a. new Ortrud and Lo
hengrin and the poorest house of the sea
son about sum up the situation last night
at the Grand Opera-house. The galleries
The. ROySil y
Eixdsryenxents fi^SW
5 1 e i nway fj8|ifiip
Tfcii It an illustration of a Steinway Art Piano, the Louis XVI- Marie An-
toinette style, only one of the ma ny styles of decorated cases that have mads .
the firm of Steinway b. Sons world renowned In the art of elaborately decorat-
ing pianos with mountings, carvings and paintings and yet retaining all the
acoustic Qualities of the instruments. •* ■'.•'•!%■ . : .'•«-:^
It is a pride to every American that the Steinway of to-day has for its
clientele the cultivated people of the entire world. Its conquest, it is true,
has not been gained without a struggle. There were positions fortified by-
tradition and conservatism to be carried. ' But Messrs. Steinway & Sons
started out with the laudable ambition and determination to impress the
Old World with the achievements of the New. So successful and effective
was the campaign that-the artistic worth of the Steinway now commands
recognition and support in all lands.
Travel where you will and you will find that the crowned heads of all
countries have paid it official and personal recognition by use in their pal-
aces and by royal patents appointing Steinway & Sons as makers to their
courts. Among the royal indorsers are:
H. M. The Kin* of England. Princess Karadja. H. I. H. The Erzherzog Wil-
H. M. The Queen of England. Princess RuspolL ■• ■ helm.
H. M. The Queen of Spain. Prince Chandernaeore. H. R. H. The Princess Louise
H. I. M. The Czar of Russia. H. M. The Queen or Rou- of Wales, Duchess of Fife.
H. I. M. The EmDeror of mania. The Princess Christian.
Austria. H. M. H. The Landgrave of H. R. H. The Due d' Orleans
H. I. M. The EmDeror of Hesse. Grand Duke Boris.
Germany. H. H. The Duchess of Duke of Aberdeen.
H. M. The Kins of Sweden Schwartzburr Sonderhau- Duke of Devonshire.
and Norway. sen. ' Duchees of Leeds.
H - M " J^ e Quc « n of Italy. H. R. H. The Herzos Wil- Dowager Duchess of Man.
H. M. The Kins; of Saxony. helm of Brunswick. Chester.
H. I. M. The Shah of Persia. H. I. H. The Grand Duke Duchess of Manchester
H. I. M. The Sultan of Tur- Vladimir. • Du ke O f Marlborough
key. ,._■_, H. H. The Princess Marie of Duke of Newcastle.
H. B. H. Prince Ferdinand Meinin-en. . Dowager Duchess of Norfolk.
of Bulgaria. H. R. H. Prince Albrecht of Dowager Duchess of New-
H. R. H. The Duke of Edin- Prussia. castle.
burst. ■ H. I. H. The Princess Wil- Duke of Portland. • '
H^ *?• a The DucheM of helm of Baden. Duke of Westminster.'
Teck. r , / . ';;,/■
In addition to the foregoing the Steinway has been indorsed by all the
famous musicians of the world. Sherman, Clay. & Co. would be pleased to
give you a souvenir booklet containing portraits of forty-five of these musi-
cal celebrities. You arc cordially invited to visit their Steinway salesroom.
If vou cannot call, write for the booklet V ■ " :
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
were full,' of course, and of ' musicians
naturally.. but society and the bourgeoisie
were conspicuous by their .absence. • The
house downstairs was a damp and dreary
sight, the dress circle no better, but, in
the ancient and time-honored phrase, the
house made up in enthusiasm what It
lacked in numbers. "Why . last night
THE SArN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1901
should have been regarded as an "off"
night it is beyond me to imagine, with
Gadski's Elsa to hear and a good cast
besides, but the rows upon rows of empty
seats pathetically testified to the opinion.
One would not have wondered had the
performance suffered therefore, but it was
just the other way about. The subtle
sympathy raining down from those music
loving gallery crowds soop made Itself
felt over the footlights, and without Van
Dyck, without Schumann-Heink, the per
formance yet held a bigger swing : and'
spirit than- either of the preceding ones
of the season. -. . ■■-■-'■-<■■:.,.
Gadski's Elsa is known to us from last
year, and is as lovely to-day as it was
then. She excelled herself last night in
every way, singing with a fine passion
and pathos and. acting the part with full
nobleness and filling its jsvery tender re
quirement. Gadski has a profoundly
touching quality in. her voice, tears melted
into song. It Is like no other voice in the
company, V and it is in this human, pa
thetic, tender note that her Elsa excels.
She has not' the dawn-like purity of
Eamea In the part, nor ' the : majesty of
Nordica, but It is a more humanly lovable
conception than either. One can only say
as the house said with generous noise last
night, "Bravo! Gadski! Bravo!"
Louise Homer's Ortrud is. a big sur
prise to me, and was. to most folk who
know her only as Amnerls and in the
few smaller roles she has been heard in
here. Her voice, big, rich and sweet, I
have-always doffed my cap to, -as well
as to her dramatic capacities, but that
she could do what she did- with the" part
of Ortrud last night I did -not dream was
among the likelihoods. But she gave a
broad, fine reading of the role that came
well ; even "after Bchumann-Heink's gor
geous Interpretation. - of the Braban tine
Jezebel, singing with a power and even
brilliance that filled all that kind of re
quirement.- It is not yet an even concep
tion. She did not act at all, for example
—an Schumann-Heink does. every minute
in the A fl rst act, though her second was
dramatically very effective, and she has
of course not the splendid vocal finish,
control, of the first artist. But as a por
tent of future ' attainment • I have 'heard
nothing so promising for long months,
and her work has the' air: of an. original
inspiration, though she has studied her
Schumann-Heink to advantage. Mme.
Homer must get the throatiness out of
her voice and pick up somewhere a reper
toire of facial expression, and, then' she
need do nothing but. grow along. her pres
ent lines to become one of the great of
the operatic world.
Dippel was the Lohengrin last night and
did some free, fine work in the part. • It
was Dippel at his best, and quite , the
broadest thing I have heard him do. He
looked the silver knight handsomely and
sang and. acted the part with a fresh,
young accent that was very pleasine." Mr.
BIspham was also in noble form.' He was
never more Impassioned, more powerful,
or. vocally more satisfying than last
night. -which is saying that ' the Tebra
mundiof-the cast was all that it; could
or. should be at any time. • Mr. ' Blass was
the. Kin? to. the cast's entire advantage,
Mr. Muhlmann i was ; the • herald < and the
chorus and orchestra were In stunning
shape in .Mr.- Damrosch's clever hands.
Kobber Is . Captured.
Frank, alias Patrick, Brannan, was ar
rested early yesterday morning by. Detec
tives Regan and O'Connell and 'locked up
in the "tanks.". The officers say^that-he
is one of two men who knocked down and
robbed Patrick White at Howard . and
Natoma streets last Wednesday morn
ing. They expect to capture- Brannan's
companion , soon.
I Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruKsrlsts. 50c flask.- Richard & Co. 408 Clay. «
TWO SINGERS OF GRAU OPERA
COMPANY WHO APPEARED
LAST NIGHT IN "LOHENGRIN."
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON
THE grandeur of "Wagner's "Lohen
grin," as presented last night by a
selected cast of Grau's singers,
failed to attract a crowd to the
Grand Opera-House, ? which was
about half-filled.
The slim attendance furnished but an
other prjoof that grand opera is, as Grau
says, merely a vehicle for society to make
a display. With a cast of singers includ
ing Madame Gadski, Louise Homer, Bis
pham, Muhlmann, Blass and Dippel thp
house should have been crowded to the
doors, considering the popular prices
chareed for seats.
Slim as was the attendance the audi
ence .was most prolific In its applause,
and the work of the artists and orchestra
under Damrosch was rewarded with
rounds of applause at the end of each act.
It is. a significant fact that the .Wag
nerite3 who flock to the opera-house on
"society nights" are not. to be seen there
when the management gives the same
splendid musical offerings at reduced
prices. .
The present opera season furnishes con
siderable room for thought. "Lohen
grin," with its great' cast of singers at
popular prices, presents dozens of empty
seats in the opera-house, yet the mere
fame of a singer who may not come up
to expectations is sufficient to draw a big
crowd that fills every portion of the thea
ter at twice the price.,
This afternoon begins the last week of
the Grau season. The matinee bill is "Le
Nozze di Figaro." Eames and Sembrich,
who created a veritable sensation In it
before, will reappear. The house Is al
ready sold out for' this afternoon.
To-night Calve is to sing Santuzza in
"Cavalierly. Rustlcana," in which she Js
supposed to be at her best. "La Boheme,"
with Suzanne Adams, Fritzi Scheff, De
Marchi and Scotti In the cast, will also
be sunf to-night.
"Tristan und Isolde" is to be heard, for
the first - time in this city, to-morrow
evening,, and there is considerable desire
to hear the great Wagner composition.
Reuss-Belce, Louise Homer, Van Dyck,
Bispham, Muhlmarin, Reiss, Bars and De
Reszke will be in the cast for the Wag
.ner opera.
The farewell appearance of Madame
Calve and Sybil Sanderson is to take
place on Wednesday night In "Carmen."
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Diabetes and
Bright's Disease.
Interview With Edward Short of
the San Francisco Cal!.
• Mr. Edward Short/, connected with the
business department of the San Francisco
Call, Interviewed:
Q.— You are reported to have been cured
of diabetes?
A.— That is right.
Q.— Are you sure it was diabetes?
"A.— I was rejected for insurance, and
later failing rapidly, our physician told
., me I had diabetes and to put my affairs
in shape. V . ■ ..
, .Q.— Have more than one physician?
A.— Yes, I had another confirm it. He,
too," said I could not live long. I had
dropped from 200 to 135 pounds and was
very weakr. A neighbor told me of the
Fulton Compound.
! Q.— How long did you have to take it?
A.— About a year before I was. perfectly
well. ■: ..
Q.— Did your physicians . then test for
sugar? ..... ;.
A.— Both . did. Both reported normal.
They were very, greatly surprised : at my
recovery,, for they had told me -diabetes
was incurable. ■
' ;Q.— Know of any other cures?
■ A.— Several. • I told "my friend, 'William.
Martin, • an S. P. conductor . of Stockton,
about it.' He had diabetes and was "about
to r give,; up his position when I told'him.
He got ' the same results I did and was
well i when killed. a year or so later. .'
Q.— Any others? :■ .
A.— I' told William Hawkins of the Cus-
tom-house . and Captain . Hubbard-. of the
barken tine S.:NV Castle upon hearing they
had diabetes. . Both of them were cured.
' I . also i told ■ a . neighbor who -. had dropsy.
In a' month it was eliminated. • I can't
recollect all I've told.. 1 .
. Q.— Did jit': faiMn any case? •
A/— Not one. ;■■ It ' is a ' positive cure in '
Bright's- disease and -diabetes. Go over
and see Hawkins and he will tell, you the
same thing. , . , ., , , . .
(Note— Mr. Short is not only conserva-
tive but scrupulously honest and consci-
entious, as inauirers will learn at The
Call' office.) : -.,V >;--..
'.' Medical, works declare chronic Bright's
disease and 'diabetes incurable,' but 87 per
cent ■ of all cases recover under the Ful-
ton Compounds. .Price: $1.00 for Bright's
Disease and $1.50 for the Diabetes Com-
'pound. One druggist In every city, will'
carry It. ; Medicines and pamphlets at
John J.- Fulton Co.'s.'; 420 Montgomery st.
CARRIES PISTOL
IN A HATBDX
Highbinder, Peculiarly
Equipped, Sets Out
to Kill. M,
Jue Num Devises a Clever
Ruse, but Policeman
Arrests Him.
The police expect more trouble In
Chinatown. Yesterday they received
word that at least fifty gun-fighters had
arrived froni San Jose, Sacramento and
other interior cities, prepared to avenge
the shooting of Little Lou, the noted Chi
nese gambler; and his bodyguard. Chief
Wittman in view of the influx has de
tailed an extra squad in the Chinese quar
ter, with the instructions • to arrest any
and all suspicious characters.
Through the vigilance of Policeman
Tillman of the Chinatown squad a notori
ous highbinder, who Is known as Jue
Num, was prevented from committing
murder early yesterday morning. Num,
who is known as one of the most desper
ate members of the warring tongs,
was seen walking along Washington
street with a hatbox in his hand. Recog
nizing him Tillman, in a loud voice,
asked him what he had in the box.
Without deigning to reply the high
binder suddenly dropped the box and
started to run. Tillman gave chase and
soon overhauled the fleeing Chinaman.
Taking him to where he had dropped the
box the policeman ordered him , to open
it. As the Chinamaji raised the lid the
vigilant officer was surprised to find that
it contained a 41 Colt's revolver, fully
loaded.
Num was arrested and locked up in the
City Prison, the revolver being booked as
evidence against him. Several Chinese
merchants yesterday visited police head
quarters and asked that Num be given a
long sentence, as they were led to believe
that he had been hired to put them out
of the way. - >
Chief Wittman and his men are satis
fied that Num was bent upon murdering
some member of a rival tong, but was
prevented by the officer.
A short time afterward another high
binder, who was out to do murder, was
arrested with a loaded revolver in the
sleeve of his blouse. He was also charged
with carrying concealed weapons.
Last night Sergeant Conboy and De
tective Ed Gibson arrested a highbinder,
who is known as Suey Nom, and charged
him with . carrying a concealed .weapon.
He was found with a 41 Colt's revolver in
his sleeve, evidently intending to commit
murder. The prisoner belongs in Sacra
mento and is regarded as a desperate
highbinder.
• •
Calve will be In the title role; Sanderson
is to sing Micaela; Salignac is to be heard
again as Don Jose and Scotti is to repeat
his virile presentation of the Toreador.
On Thursday afternoon "Tannhauser"
is to be rendered, with Gadski, Reuss-
Belce. Bridewell, Dippel, Bias*, Bars and
Bispham in the leading roles. ,
For Thursday night, when the four
weeks* season terminates, "Le Nozze di
Figaro" is to-be repeated, with Eames
and Sembrich in the principal characters.
For the six performances of this week
the prices are to be $2 to $5.
CALVE MAY LEAVE GRAU.
"Will Probably Spend Rest of Wint'er
in Southern California.
PASADENA, Dec. 1.— Madame Calve
has informed acquaintances here that she
expects to return to Pasadena within a
week or two to spend the winter, and if
she can get a place that suits her will
reside there permanently. She has looked
at several properties with a view of pur
chasing a home, but none quite suited
her. She! will take another look, how
ever, if she can arrange with Manager
Grau to spend the winter here. . She has
had a bad cough, and before leaving Pas
adena said she did not think she could
weather an Eastern ' winter.
GREAT BILLS FOR
TO-DAY'S MATINEE
AND FOR EVENING
AFTERNOON PERFORMANCE.
"Le Nozze di Figaro."
BY MOZART.
"La. Contessa ;. . .
. . . . Mine. Emma Barnes
Cherubino..Miss Fritzi Scheff
Marcellina. ...Miss Baumeister
Susanna Mme. Sembrich
n Conte
Mr. Bdouard de Beszke
Bartola Mr. Tavecchia
Antonio - . Mr. Dtif riche
Basilio Mr. Beiss
Don Curzio ...... Mr. Maestri
Figaro .... Mr. Campanari
Conductor/ Mr. Seppilli.
EVENING PERFORMANCE.
"La Boheme."
BY PUCCINI.
. Mimi. ..Mme. Suzanne Adams
Musetta . . . .Miss Fritzi Scheff
Bodolfo Mr. De Marchi
Colline
. . . .Mr. Perello de Segurola
Schaunard ........Mr. Gilibert r
Benoit, Alcindoro
.Mr. Duf riche
Parpignol ... ......Mr. Vanni
Marcello '. .Mr. Scotti
Conductor, Mr. Seppilli. ,
"Cavalleria Rusticana."
/ ' . BY MASCAGNI.
- Santuzza. .Mme. Calve
Lucia ..... .Miss Bauermeister
Lola . ; . . .Miss Carrie Bridewell
Alflb ............. .Mr. Declery
Turiddu ....... .'.Mr. Salignac
-Conductor, Mr. Flon.
Conductor Swings Wild.
The conductor of car 406 of the Powell
street line will have cause for some time
to remember an encounter he had last
night* with' a Chinese passenger. As the
car neared Post street the conductor be
came Incensed at the Chinese and endeav
ored-to put him. out with a single blow.
The Chinese ducked and side-stepped in
regular boxer fashion. The conductor's
hand went through the glass and one of
the arteries in his wrist was severed. He
was taken to the drug store at the corner
of Post and Powell streets, traffic on the
line being ■ stopped - for fifteen- minutes,
the time required .to stitch up his wound.
The - Chinese escaped during the excite
ment. . ■ ,
Useful and Artistic
Christmas presents, such as water colors,
etchings. photographs, statuary ,V gold
clocks, cameras, dress suit. cases, trtfhkR,
valises, pocketbooks, fountain pens and
picture frames.. Greatest assortment and
lowest prices. Visitors always • welcome.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ' •
-: For: home use. for bar use. for physician's
use, for everybody's use, Jesse Moore. Whiskey
is always the best and is in most general de
mand. ' ■ *
Knocked Down by a Horse.
; Irivine- Fields/, a resident of Alameda.
was knocked down ; by ■'. a horse attached
toa light vehicle at the crossing of Post
and Kearny streets yesterday. He was
taken to the . General Emergency Hospi
tal, ' where Dr; McElroy treated him for
a contused wound of the knee and a
broken nose. v I
Commencing MONDAY, December 2d, we will
have on sale the following
3— Extraordinary Bargains— 3
» ...IN...
OlLl\5 nfiu UIilOu UUUuOi
76 uiecBS Extra Heavu COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, in the following colors! Light Blue,
Pink, MaiSt Turauoise, Cerise, Orange, Garnet,
• Cardinal, Olive, Murtie, National, Bluett, etc,
This Taffeta is 21 inches wide and is the
gualitu regularlu sold hu us at $1.00 psp uard.
This lot will he sold at
65c Yard.
35 pieces BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra fine
gualitu and full 21 inches in width, This
Taffeta is Swiss manufacture and alwaus sold
at $1.00 uard, This lot will he sold at
3 cases CHECK CAMEUS-HAIR SUITINGS, all
wool and 50 inches wide. 'These are veru
stullsh and serviceable goods, two-toned effects
and 14 combinations in colorings. Will make
veru acceptable holidau presents. Former &k
price $1,25 uard, This lot will be sold at *
6Oc Yard.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBXBO. BOWZR ft CCS SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
BDWEN
& CD
Christmas tree
Ornaments
Bar-Ie-duc currants Eastern butternuts
Sweet pickled walnuts ..-V,!
Stuffed dates and prunes Fruit cake^
Huyler's confections
Smoked goose-breast Bloater mackerel
Dill gherkins
Italian chestnuts Mammoth pecans
Malaga raisins Oranges
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
E g g s
Fresh laid — guaranteed — i dozen 85c
Coffee
Kona or Crescent — reg'ly 25c lb 2OC
C a nned f ru i t s
Alcalde-in heavy syrup-^ f or . oc
reg'ly 20c 2M lb can -> J
All kinds but cherries and berries
Mince pie
Plum pudding
The best Ingredients the world provides
";• S a rdines
French— fine quality— n f n r -? rr
reg'ly 20c large can Z IOF 35 C .
B o n - b* o n s
Prettier than ever— just unpacked—
secure first selection — ioc to $4 doz )
S h r i m ?p s
For'a quick, dainty salad— 3 for 25c
reg'ly ioc— 20c can 1 5c
Safety matches
Children can't light - Any v.. v ._ I '" rn ,
them-less danger 5 doz boxes 2 5 C
from fire— demand constanly growing
Holland Cocoa
Van Houten — best in the world — Ror
reg'ly 95c lb 0OC
B u c k w h eat -
.PennsyIvania- J -reg'ly 75c — . 60C
lolbsack" - ; ,'rv - —-
Ma p 1 e s y r u p
Hazen — pure Vermont sap — * 60c
reg'ly 65c H gallon can
Christmas-tree decorations
Come early— don't wait until the pretty
ones are sold— prices reasonable
B a by pi m o 1 a s
Dainty— appetizing— i for roc
reg'ly 20c bottle 3 ror 5 OC
L u c c a o i 1
: Sublime — our Importation — C CC
■ reg'ly 6oc quart bottle X->
; C a rv ing s ets
1 Thejfinest steel-7-the prettiest handles .
BOUBIBg. BOWTW * CO'8 SPSCI1I. BAYI59 BAIJ^,
F a r d* da tes
The kind to stuff — fine black ones- j qq
Alketh re pta
Contains only the nutritious -9 or
properties of chocolate-reg'ly 25c can zu **
Evcrard beer
Canada malt lager— pints $1 1 C
mild-delightful— y _T * J>
reg'ly $1 55-52 35 quarts 210
Mountain burgundy
Fine rich red wine— can be diluted 6 CC
one-third— reg'ly $1 gallon -5
Christmas-tree ornaments
Latest European novelties— largest
variety in town — now on display
Rye whisky
Old mellow rye— reg'ly $1 bottle— 75 C
$4 gallon J. $3 .
D C L whisky
regTy iptcWUi
Highland Club— Scotch )s x v. nt o re 7
Killycroy Irish 1 star \ * l DOt 5 5 C
Caledonian Scotch $1 35"$II5
French cognac'
3 Star— reliable— reg'ly <t 10
- 5150 bottle * x
S p a r k 1 c.t s
Demonstration at Sutter Street store— ft
soda fountain at home— For 3 days 70%
discount from regular prices 1
reg'ly $2 75 — now $2 20 $3 now $2 4a
Perfumery
Vee-o-Iay-popular 2 bottles 7 CC
extracts-reg'ly 50c bot ""♦•««» /3*»
Hair brush
Extra fine quality— for Xmas gift— r rg
all bristles— reg'ly 75c 3
Christmas-tree ornaments
Bonbons Candy boxes
Party souvenirs
Dinner favors
Gorgeous candle shades
Never so handsome as this year's s^f""
lection — come early \
Chistmaa edition of our complete cat o
. logue trill be out this week— free.
132 Pine 231 Sutter 2800 California San Franc! jco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets O»klao4
Expert
Eye=GIass
Fitting
AT MODERATE COST.
'The Ocularium.
OPTICIANS hoT ograP« icapm^^
rnuiw 0CIEN7IFIC
W2 Market St. instruments
uwotp cmbowcie BUU.DIN&. CaTAIOGUC FwC-
\M. T. HESS, L
K0T1ET PUBLIC AKD ATTORHIY-AT-LAwF^
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 983.
. Residence 821 California. »t.. below PoweU,
Bealdeao* Telephone James ifjfli »
-._ - .. _ — . - # —