PEOPLE :OF EXPOSITION "-CITY PAY THEIR UAST TRIBUTE OF RESPECT
TO MARTYRED PRESIDENT Sf« THE CITY HALL AND HOUSE WHERE
¦¦:- HE SUCCUMBED" TO THE BULLET OF THE CRUEL ASSASSIN.
Continued on Page Thfeo."
o, \ .:, Continued on Page Soven,- - ;
Continued on Page Two,
:'6untry. is registered at the Palac« Hotel,
ind though be j keeps his mission secret
v ¦-,¦..- - . . , . .. '. ; — _ -. - — — 7~*
lence ; and ,Dr. . Rixey. ' her . physician,; be
ieves.;she will be able : to support her- tryi
California^ detectives-. alone . prevented the
-¦execution of 'the crime here instead of at
.Buffalo! *,}\~ >>:i /.¦'¦¦.'\ '-'-¦:¦.:', ; '¦';'•_:";
W Eastern p| detectives . "have =' < discoyerejd
clews'j that -cause them ; to - look-.tb this :
: Stated f or evidence of a, lbng^e xlstirig , plot .
to. take the life of , the President/. Geofge j
r-Sv.-. McCloskey ; captain ; of ? police f or . the
Thirty-second precinct of : New .York and
one ofj the most famous detectives of the
; /: ;^- r .i'v*-«nla r^\WWle^the 1 PjesIdent'wa8 ; the
guest : of \ the '- hero-worshiping people of
.the ? State 'the: coward •_ assassin; lurked ;lri
thVshadows watching his,chancVtd strike:
\ Tlie' 'vigilance of California) policemen "and
THE .'foul: plot which led tothe as
sassination of President McKinley
: was conceived : 'months ago' and its'
| ramifications extended 'the Iwidth
J of i the" continent., even to ¦' Calif or-
||MiFound at feifl||l||||||
once of Assassin on Day of v %
Cleveland r day saying ; that • ;
it was his Jewish to : attend; the ¦ ;
''funeral-^ of Mckin- j
"ley.'At the request of .'Mr. San- \
-ger; Brigadier General -Wilson- ,
will meet former President 5
. Cleveland^ upon his arrival j
here and will arrange for his; i
•comfort during ¦ his stay in
Washington. . : . ': '
e~ ALL ;: BgBEAIT, 1406 G
"street, n. w., ' - wash-.
.;¦ INGTON, Sept. 15.—Act
ing • Secretary ..'of War Sanger
•received a>ielegram from Mr.
fore, midnight on Friday, Sep
tember 19, 1881. j,,..
v death of President Garfield in
-. ; Elberon, N. . J., twenty yeiirs
ago. Guiteau : shot his victim
¦ on July, 2, 1881, but death did
., not come to the relief of Presi
¦/ dent Garfleld until shortly be-
>> ALL BUEEAU, 1406 G
j ¦ r %st. STREET, N. "W., WASH
; .. . ;• INGTON,^ Sept. 15.— Bjr a
% singular coincidence, the day
.; selected . for the interment of
: the remains of President : llc
"i Kinley . in Canton, Ohio, will
g be the . anniversary of i:he
Mrs. McKinley bore 'up bravely to*-day|
during' the service' -at the' Slllburu- tesi-i
The body will lie in' the City ..Hall \ until
morning. .It" will 'be ;taken to ; the. station,
by a military escort: to-morrow morning
and the' funeral train'will start for' Wash-;
ington. - , . ' I •'¦¦¦'• "^ • i
.' It was decided to* extend; the time> ¦ until
midnight. Then fop; hours .-longer <ths
streets were dense w^th 'people a rid "a'coil
stantstream flowed ipast, the bier." When
the : doofs were closed atmldnight It, was
estimated that 80.000; persons;' had .viewed
the remains. .Thousands of -disappointed
ones were still in, the •.' .- ¦-* .
Vast Throng (Views Remains.
public to view the body '¦ from the timejt
arrived, at about.' 1:30 o;clock'until about
3 o'clock. But the .people were wedged
into the streets j for. - blocks.'', "When ; 5
o'clock came 40,000 persons had'passed'ahd
the crowd waiting j in the' streets seemed
undiminished. ¦ - - ! ¦'- ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ? - . *- - \
There a remarkable demonstration oc
curred, which proved how close the Presi
dent was to the hearts of the people. Ar
rangemests bad been made to allow the
In the morning a simple service took
place at the residence on Delaware ' ave
nue where the President d,lcd. Only the
immediate family and the friends and po
litical associates of the President were
present. The scene there was pathetic in
the extreme. Then the body was borne
through solid walls of living humanity,
bareheaded and grief-stricken, to the City
Hall, where It lay in state.
row. The black drapery of the*
city's streets muffled the tolling bells of
the churches. Bits of crepe appeared on
«very sleeve. The sorrow was everywhere
apparent.
BUFFALO. Sept. 15.— Buffalo to
day became a city of mourning.
The gay and flaming decorations
of the Paxi-American Exposition
gave way to the symbol of, sor-
COINCIDENCE
IN CHOICE OF
FUNERAL DAY
CLEVELAND
WILL ATTEND
HE FUNERAL
LEON CZOLGOSZ FOLLOWED
PRESIDENT TO CALIFORNIA
; * ;. V- Disposition of the Troops.
The heads of the various departments
and their principal -assistants were busy
to-day 'making arrangements for the prop
er execution of so much of the funeral
programme as fell to them respectively.
Secretary Hay came to his desk early In
the morning and remained throughout tha ,
day. Though it was Sunday, cablegrams
of condolence were stiir cominz to the
Department of State from all parts of tha
world. ¦ , '"'
In . the War Department Acting S«cr«-
The remains of the lat»
President of the United States, after ly
ing in state .isr'the City Hall of ¦ Buf
falo during the* afternoon of Sun
day. September 15. will be removed
to "Washington on Monday Septem
ber 16 leaving Buffalo at 6:30 a. m. and
reaching Washington at 9 p. m. The re
mains will then be carried, under the es
cort of a> sauadron of United States cav
alry to the Executive Mansion, where they
rest until 9 o'clock In the morning of Tues
day. September 17. They will then b«
carried to. the Capitol, accompanied by a
military 3nd civil escort.
v w y ASHINGTON'. Sept. 15.-Se«-
j& I retary Hay to-day issued to
tha public the announce-
Yg 'Hr _ment concerning the funer
7 . ? al of President McKlnley. \
Services in the Milburn House Are Marked
by Republican Simplicity and by A
Depth of the General Sorrow. US!
Arrangements for Last
Rites in Washington
SOBS SHAKE STRONG MEN
AS THEY TAKE LAST LOOK
AT PRESIDENT THEY LOVED
BODY TO LIE
IN STATE AT
THE CAPITAL
IT) EM ARK ABLE for
j[\ their simplicity zvere
the services over the
body of the . martyred execu
tive in Buffalo yesterday.
Remarkable, also, zvas the
manifestation . of sorrozv by
those of . the late Presi
dent's official family. It told
more plainly than words
could express hozv his kindly
nature had endeared him to
his associates. \
MOURNING RELATIVES AND FRIENDS POUR OUT THEIR
GRIEF AT THE BIER OF THE NATION'S DEAD CHIEF
/^RESIDENT- McKINLEY'S body wiU: be removed jrom Jo : Washington to-day,
¦*- leaving at 6:30 o'clock this morning and arriving in the capital at p o'clock this' evening: A
squadron of United States cavalry [will escort: itho : tJie executive mansion. " On 1 Tuesday
morning the remains will be borne: to the' Capitol,w1iereltheywJnie:_in^ evening. Then
they will be transferred to a funeral car and carried to. 'Canton t Ohio ;\tlic home, of the dead "Presw
dent, where arrangements for ihejmal\sepidturewm the ' citizens';
under the direction of the Mayor. No ceremonies/ other Jhan'the '^tolling 'of bells, are expected in
the cities along the route of the -funeral train. •
VOLUME XC—NQ. [ 108.
SAN FRANCISCOv^M
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.WIF,E OF THE COUNTRY'S TWENTY-SIXTH PRESIDENT AND THE NEW MISTRESS ~," OF THE "WHITE* HOUSE.
> |MRS. ROOSEVELT* IS DEVOTED TO HER HUSBAND AND INTERESTING; CHILDREN- AND POSSESSES ! A
'¦¦. CHARMING PERSONALITY THAT WINS HER FRIENDS WHEREVER SHE GOES. / ' A "
The special guard of honor to represent
the navy at the funeral ceremonies will
comprise the following offic2rs of high
rank: Admiral Dewey, Rear , Admirai
Chowninshield, Rear Admiral O'Neal
Paymaster General Remey and Brigadier
General Heywood of the Marine Corps
While General Brooke will be in general
charge of military arrangements here.
General Francis L. Guenther will be in
command of the military contingent in
the procession. Colonel Samuel Reber
son-in-law of General Miles, has been
detailed to meet Mrs. McKinley and look
specially after her comfort, while Colonel
ilenry H. Whitney of General Miles' staff
has been ordered to perform a similar
task for President Roosevelt.
'*#'*$? Capitol. Sergeant-at-Arms Rans
dell directed the preparation of the
rotunda for the funeral service The
space in even this vast structure is entire
ly insufficient to meet the demand for
admission of more than a fraction of the
persons who think they should be ad-
Eaval Guard of Honor.
tary Sanger was in consultation with Gen
eral Gijlespie, CoIoneL Ward and General
Barry, arranging for transportation to
"Washington of the troops to participate in
the funeral procession, making details for
guard duty and other matters. General
Randolph, chief of artillery, who is to rep
resent the army at the Capitol, arranged
with Sergeant at Arms Ransdell that they
should co-operate in the management o'f
the funeral ceremonies at the Capitol.
Four private soldiers will stand watch
each night, one at each corner of the cat
aifaque, so long as the remains of the
late President shall lie in the Capitol
building. A suitable guard will be main
tained at the entrances and will keeD the
people In alignment when they are admit
ted to the Capitol to view the remains
next Tuesdar.
Acting Secretary Hackett ordered that
a detail should be made, consisting of
two officers, four petty officers and
twenty-one privates in the Marine Corps,
for duty at the Capitol next Tuesday to
supplement the army representation.
Continued From Page One.
BODY TO LIE IN STATE AT CAPITOL
"When 3*r. Roosevelt yesterday asked
us to remain in office he accompanied' the
request with such generous and : sincere
expressions that we unanimously agreed
to comply with it. No one know* how
long it ¦will be before any -change takes
place in the Cabinet." j
The relations between the new President
s.nd the old Cabinet are very, amicable.
A report gained currency to-day that at
his conference with the Cabinet yesterday
Mr. Roosevelt coupled his request that the
members remain in office with the state
ment that he would like them >to stay two
months at least. This is not : true and I
am permitted to deny the story on the au
thortiy of the President as well as of
members of the Cabinet who were present.
Postmaster General Smith, in discussing
the matter this evening, . said : • r .- ~
I am also told to-day-' that, an .effort is
being made even now to bring President
Roosevelt and Secretary of the Treasury
Gage together at once so that Mr. Gage
should continue as the head of the Treas
ury Department. At this, minute; nearly
every one expects Mr. Gage to reiire. The
opinion is expressed by Mr.,Glage'sirIends
that he can be induced ; to " stay. He
knows Mr. Roosevelt and likes him. - . j
It is known there is a very •strong wish
oa the part of Mr. Roosevelt's friends. that
he induce Attorney General Knox to re
main in the Cabinet permanently. As to
Mr. Root remaining in the Cabinet there
is believed to be no question. He and
Mr. Roosevelt are friends of long stand
ing. They have been through so. much j
together and know each other so well that
it is pretty certain that Mr. Root will re
main, unless Ill-health some time in the
tuture should corm>el him to <juit.
I am given to understand that whila
Senator i^odge is likely to be offered tha
portfolio of biate, it is quite probable that
ne will decline. With Mr. ttoosevelt as
President the position of Senator Lodge in
the Senate will be that of spokesman and
personal representative ot tne administra
tion. That is a position . that will cer
tainly be much to Senator Lodge's liking.
He probably will also be chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations and. this
•would command influence and respect sec
ond to none in the Senate with the excep
tion of Senator William iFrye, President
pro tem. ¦¦.' v •
The suggestion has been thrown out to
day that if Secretary Root ceases to be
the head of the War Department by be
coming Secretary of State, the position of
Secretary of War may be offered to Gen
eral Leonard Wood, at present Governor
General of Cuba. • ¦'-
President Roosevelt will not carry into
the Presidency any personal or political
resentment. The exploit of "shelving
Roosevelt" has terminated in his eleva
tion- Well and good. Rposevelt is will
ing to call ail things square and begin
over again. ...
BUFFALO, Sept. 15.— While Buffalo and
its tens of thousands of visitors have been
reverently filing past the dead President's
bier the new President, with grave ana
resolute face, surrounded by serious
minded counselors, has been looking into
the future and making plans for the pub-
Ik- good.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Lodge Will Be Admin
islration's Spokesman in
Upper House, .
It Peace With Repub
lican Leaders Who
Opposed Him.
ROOSEVELT
HARBORS NO
RESENTMENT
PREPARING
FOR PUBLIC
DEVOTIONS
Committee Meets To-
Day to Arrange Me
morial ServiceSi
Societies and Private Individuals
Will Join in General f
Mourning.
THE people of San Francisco tasted
of their usual Sabbath pleasures
yesterday, but under .the apparent
enjoyment were sorrow and
mourning. They went to the park
and Cliff, to the baseball game
• and the coursing grounds simply
as a matter of passing time. There' was
a restrained feeling over all— a shadow of
grief.
In the churches ministers of the gospel
urew lessons from, the dastardly crime
that ended the life of the nation's ruler.
Fervent prayers ami solemn services
brought back the picture of the gracious
President as he was known to San Fran
cisco during his visit. None the less sol
emn and none the less sincere was the
quiet grief of hi3 old soldier friends— and
there are several in San Francisco— men
who fought with him in. a common cause.
These comrades of the Civil .War wilt
come together within the next few days
and mourn for the departed with special
memorials of their own making. To them
the nation's loss is augmented by what
seems the severance of family tle3.
Thursday has been the day set aside for
the public funeral in Washington, and on
the same day memorial services will be a
part of the local tribute to the memory of
the dead. The committee of 100 appointed
by the Mayor to arrange for the local
services has been called to a meeting In
the Mayor's oftice at 11 o'clock this morn- i
ing. All plans will then be determined^
upon. Suggestions have been made for
the simplest of services^ — a. eulogy .pro
nounced by some • well known public
speaker and sacred music. Of those men
tioned for the honor of pronouncing the
eulogy General Barnes seems to be the
most favored. The original date for the
first gathering of the members of the
committee was September 17, but owing
to the nearness of the day set for the
funeral the Mayor decided to call a meet-
Ing for the earliest time possible.
The Catholic churches will hold high
mass on Thursday morning. Ministers of
all denominations will on that day honor
the memory of President McKinley with
prayer and special devotions. Some will
take an active part in the public cere
mony, which wlll~.be the city's contribu
tion toward the nation's manifestation of
love for the martyred chieftain.- - 1
Hour by hour the city is adding to Its
robes of mourning. Many of the business
houses were draped In black yesterday,
and to-day the number of buildings sym
bolizing a national grief in their sable
dressings will be doubled. The draping
in black will now go on in earnest.
In the courts and governmental depart
ments business will be resumed this morn-
Ing. Provision will then be made for
postponement of all activity on Thursday,
the day of genrai mourning.
MACKAY WOULD BEVTVE
VIGILANCE COMMITTEES
Urges That Anarchists Be Summarily,
Dealt With Outside of the
Courts.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— John "W. Mack
ay, who arrived on the St. Paul yester
day, immediately ordered Commercial Ca
ble offices in London, Paris. New York
and other cities with Postal Telegraph
offices draped in honor of the dead Pres
ident.
"Anarchists should be dealt with severe- ¦
ly," I said Mr. Mackay. "We never had sj^'
good a Government in San Francisco and
Virginia City as during those years when
the vigilance committees were in control.
Every offender was tried by a' Jury of
twelve good men, and, if found guilty, ex
ecuted on the spot. Bad characters left
the country instantly on receiving warn
ing from the committee. ' It did not have
to be repeated.
"I hope newspapers and public officials
¦will urge immediate action. This shoot
ing down of good- men like Mc-
Kinley is a serious matter. It makes no
difference how brave a man may be, some
cowardly assassin with a noiseless gun
may shoot him from a roof at some unex
pected moment. Guards amount to noth
ing. Men have been assassinated' in tha
midst of their soldiers. » ..
"Summary Justice, properly executed..
will do the work. Driva the anarchists
out of America. Hang every one of them
caught in these crimes without d«ay. Let
the movement begin with vigorous action
on the part of the community and they
will disappear when they find we mean
business. Every, anarchist arriving In this
country should be sent back by the next
steamer. The European police will attend
to them. They are shadowed everywhere
and they should be kept over there — hunt
ed down and promptly exterminated.
• "The time has come for business men,
to take hold of this matter and settle it
in good shape. There should be no half
way measures. Let the papers help the
movement along, force Congress to make
a proper law at the earliest moment and
have the officials see that it -is executed.
Public sentiment will do the rest. The
Country will sustain such a movement anfc*.
make anarchy a thing of the past." • )
HARMONY WILL MARK RELATIONS OF NEW PRESIDENT AND PRESENT CABINET
.. .- ¦ -^. ¦ - ¦ •. . . . - .¦ * .-'.--.. ... - ¦. - ¦ . * - . . - ¦ .-
THE SAN FRAS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1991.
BUFFALO,' Sept. . lo.VrThe i Coroner of
Erie Ccunty, to-day; issued the following
certificate of deatli {of. the President:' .
. City of BufCalo. Bur;eau lot Vital Stalls tics.
County of Erie, State' of New York.— Certificate
and record of death of William McKinley.— I
hereby certify that:he died on the Hth day of
September, 1901, about 2 :15 o' clock a. :. ni., and
that to the best .of my knowledge and. belief
the cause of death Was as hereunto written:
¦ Cause— Gangrene; of .-both '. v/aHs of. stomach
and pancreas, following gunshot wound. ,-
Witness my hand this 14th day of September,
1901. H. R. GAYLOR, M. D. . .-': .
. •. : li; ¦ -. >.• : • H. Zr MATSINGER. M. D. '
1 ¦ . , JAMES F. WILSON, Coronerj
Date of death, - ; September. -14, 1901; age, ij8
years 7 months and lo days; color, white;.mar
ried: .occupation,',; President-, of -."the . Unlte4
States:' birthplace, NileR, Ohio ;' father" s ' natne,
,WUIiam afcK!nley;/ 1 fatlier'ff birthplace, "Penn
sylvania; mother's. • natne, ;'¦ Nancy v McKinley;
mother's birthplace, Ohio;; place of .death,^1168
Delaware : avenue;;, last • '.previous r; residence,
- Washington," D. ; C; direct, cause of death, gan
grene of both walls of stomach and pancreas,
following gunshot wound. ¦-¦• "\ • ¦-.:¦¦ ' ¦", :
President.
Coroner o£.!Erie County Issues a Cer
tificate of fDeath of f the \[
GANGRENE THE -DIRECT //
CAUSE : OF DISSOLUTION
BUTTE, .Mont,, Sept. 13— Lieutenant
General : Nelson ; A. Miles and" President
James J.- Hill of the Great Northern Rail
way, arrived In '- this v city on their special
train about 1 o'clock this morning. They
remained here. several hours to meet Sen
ator. Clark, who took General Miles for a
drive. Senator Clark was invited to join
the: party, which is hurrying to Washing
ton to attend the funeral services of the
late President. The Senator accepted the
invitation; and they left. about noon via
the; Northern Pacific and expect to reach
/the:capltal Wednesday morning. - .
Their .Special Train"; Is Expected to
Reach Washington Early
"Wednesday Morning:.
SENATOR / CLARK JOUrS
- : GENERAL MILES AT BTJTTE
Quite Valuable, , Is; Xef t to
the Widow/ X
BUFFALO, Sept. 15.— President McKin
ley- left . a will. The instrument 'was
.executed some . time before the shooting
and at no. time during. his final suffering
was there any wish or occasion to revise
it or to frame a codicil. It leaves the bulk
of his property to Mrs. * McKinley. How
much the estate is worth, cannot be stated
with v . exactness by -those most . familiar
with the late President's business affairs,
but.lt Is believed to be a goodly sum. al
though not amounting to a large fortune
The- Bulk of the Estate, Which Is
PRESIDENT MAPE A^ WILL
v PRIOR TO THE .SHOOTING
CANTONi O., Sept.- 15.— Judge ; William
R. j Day arrived home from Buffalo to-day ;
and made partial : arrangements for ' the
funeral of,' President"' McKinleyl-^ Mayor
Roberson appointed an ejeecutive commit-!
tee, i>: headed by." Judge Day" and ,the : com- r
mittee waslin sesslonl until' late : to-night.
-Adjutant ..General -Gyger,- tendered "the
services . of , the. Ohio j National . Guard and
numerous :< societies : and lodges f made
tender of their services: fear Canton
will become. congested; -.the tenders .were ¦
held in abeyance for. further, action: ', t*£
:r,The committee »to-riight received a; tele
gram from Colorado Troop of Denverask
ing. that, they -be .permitted >to take^parc
in the funerair .The committee concluded
Tendered Their Services to
.¦"¦¦¦. the Committee, i •
Numerous . Societies and Lodges Have
COMPLETING ABRjANGEMENTS
r . ¦ • ; FOR FUNERAL AT JCANTO^T
The latest information indicates that the
French. Government willnot abandonithd
gala performance arranged to . be - given
for the Czar.at Compeigne, on. the ground
that, being ; given' in . the interior of -tjie
palace, j it will have a private character. :
_ PARIS,"- — Sept lo.-The - .- American
churches in Paris were crowded
with "American.' residents and visitors."^ .In
everyV case the preachers . made sympa-.
thetlc references in ; their sermons • to Mr.
McKinley and offered special prayers.'.Tha
porches and ' Interiors of the edifices. wei-e
hung with crape... General Porter 4 is still
confined to : his t room, but is making rapid
progress toward recovery. ¦ ; . . ....¦-¦;
Allusions to Mr.- McKinley were ' also
made In the British churches In Paris and
in French churches , where English ;i3
spoken. ¦¦'"':¦ "¦ '-• ¦ • .. r *
COPENHAGEN, Sept. . 15.-King. Ed
ward, Queen • Alexandra and other royal
personages .attended.:' a -.memorial .service
for President McKinley held to-day in the
English Church.
Are Frcscot at^Meroorial
./._; ...Services...
Edward /and Alexandra
IThusfar. the enly naval- orders' issued
for participation irt ,the_r»arade have been
to. the Marine 'Band, a detachment' of ma
rines from Washington Barracks and fifty
seamen from the Illinois at New Orleans,
but the balance of -the inaval i contingent
will-be- ordered to-morrow;by acting Sec
retary. Hackett i from ' Rear.* Admiral Hig
ginson's squadron In Hampton Roads.
•— The? hearse- used-in- the parade -will -be
drawn., by. six black .steeds draped with
black netting, and a groom in' black wear
ing.a' high-hat will ridejbeside each^horse
The casket -.will 'not- be opened at' all while
in ' the i White j House. :¦ In'. the 3 Capitol the
- . The , following, members of the- District
of Columbia Loyal 'Legion have been des
ignated to act as special- guard" of ¦ honor
"at; night ..while. President. McKinley'sbody
lies in state, in Washington: Admiral John
G.rWalkeivColonel: Cecil Clay. Captain C
C. -Cole, ¦ Major F. '< C. . Larrabee. Colonel
Archibald Hopkins,? Captain F. W. Mitch
ell, g General S George B.. Williams, Colonel
G. A. 'Woodward, .: Colonel • Carroll ¦ D
Wright and ' Captain * R;- W. Tyler. > They
will. serve at the White House on Monday
night.. :„¦ : --.-.¦. ..:. --- • • -.
-WASHINGTON. - - Sept. 15.— Secretary
Hackett to-day issued. an order , to 'all of
ficers of the active, list; of the > navy and
marine.; corps .oh; duty, in .Washington to
meet the remains, of the late President on
their arrival from- Buffalo on Monday and
march; as. guards of honor to the execu
tive mansion,::.'on ' Tuesday between 'the
White House and the Capitol and between
the Capitol and the, Pennsylvania Railraod
station." .,'-¦.' '. : \ ;•¦'¦-;¦; "¦•'. ;
the Place of Honor' in the
' "Parade.
Veterans' Organizations Will Have
IiONG" PROCESSION
v A TO ESCORT REMAINS
that, owing to the.- large number of Ohio
troops, it; will be impossible to accommo
date .those from other States. In cqnse
quence of the fact that the people of
Cantoirhavebeen urging that; more, time
be given in which to view the rqmains,
the committee' sent a telegram to' Secre
tary^ Root, ••; asking that the train arrive
here earlier. To this telegram, no answer
as;\ yet * has been received. ¦ The Canton
churches were filled Sunday with sorrow
ing congregations who assembled to hear
eloquent eulogies of President- McKinley,
at the executive mansion will consist of
two officers, three non-commissioned of
ficers and nine privates of. artillery from
Fort Hunt, supplemented by an- equal,
number of officers from; the, navy .and by
six members of the Loyal Legion and six
of the Grand Army of the-Republic:- From
the time the remains reach the --White
House the guard will be maintained until
the body is removed to the Capitol on
Tuesday -morning. <-A soldier and a- sailor
or a marine will stand at the head of the
coffin and two more at the foot, while on
their side will stand a member: of /the
Grand Army and a member of the Loyal
Legion. Provision wilL be made for re
lieving these watchers at proper intervals.
_To_ provide for .the proper, arrangement
in the line of procession of the -diplomatic
body and of Senators, \ Representatives
and of persons who may gather at the
White House to join in; the procession to
the Capitol General Barry has selected a
special . staff, headed by Lieutenant
Colonel M. A. 'Miller of the engineers,
Captains C. B. Wheeler and W. W.- Gib
son of the ordnance v and> Major E.'V. Ab
bott, and Captain M. M. Mattrick of the
engineers. -: ¦ /.:¦'¦•¦.'" - '. : '-'- ¦-¦¦¦'¦¦ ¦ '- ; - *
BRITISH KING; , : A
# f\T A CHURCH
A cablegram . was received at the War
Department to-day from General Chaffee
as follows: , . ¦ ¦ .
"MANILA. Sept. 15.— The officers and
soldiers of the division of the Philippines
beg the department to place an appro
priate floral design on the bfer of the late
President of ±he United Stafes as a token
of great sorrow. They offer their - deepest
sympathy to Mrs. McKinley. : V •
'.'CHAFFER" -
In answer to this appeal the War De
partment arranged with a local florist to
supply a handsome floral shield with the
Eighth Army Corps badge in ..the' center.
General Barry, ; assistant adjutant gen
eral, who has been placed In charge of the
affairs at r. the -White * House : during the
time the remains are in Washington, has
completed his programme. He has direct
ed the commanding officer at Fort Mc-
Henry, Baltimore, to' dispatch twelve non
commissioned officers; to Washington in
charge of a commissioned: officer to act as
body bearers. They are to arrive in
Washington in time to handle the remains
when they reach the railroad station | to
morrow night. They are , to remove ,the
casket from the train and place it in a
hearse, and will walk six on a side of the
hearse to the White House. It will also
be their duty to place -the- casket upon 1
the stand in the East Room and' to "per
form -like offices-at-the- Gapitoh the rail- :
way station and at Canton. - .
, General. Barry has arranges to' have six
ebony columns placed in the White House
to support the casket. . The active guard
Sergeant-at-Arms Ransdell has taken
steps to secure the attendance" at the
funeral of as many j Senators as
can be reached * and has arranged
for a special car to bring % from Chicago
to Washington such Senators from West
ern points as can gather there in time.
This car will be attached 1 to the ; regular
Pennsylvania train leaving Chicago- at 3
-t»' clock p. m., Monday, the 16th inst. ¦' -It
will be in charge of,B. W. Layton, assist
ant sergeant-at-arms of the Senate. Tele
grams have been sent to jevery . Senator
within reach of wire communication and
the sergeant-at-arms has received a, num
ber of responses from individual Senators
promising to-be present. Senator -Frye,
the • president pro tem. of the. Senate,
telegraphed tHtat he ! would leave ' Lewis
ton, Maine, this morning and would be
here to-morrow night. It is understood
that he will appoint all of the Senators
who come to Washington a committee -of
honor to participate in the funeral ser
vices. •*. • . . 'y^
Many Senators to Attend.
The sergeant-at-arms has had the cata
falque which supported the remains of
Lincoln, GarfieJd and other statesmen
brought out and has turned it over to
the funeral directors. The catafalque is
to be draped entirely with new black
cloth.
mitted' to the services. The public
will ¦ be excluded, as the accom-.
modation will not suffice for the officials
who must be present. The diplomatic
corps alone will occupy about 200 places
and in addition there will be the United
States Senate, the United States Supreme
Court, tjie House of Representatives and
a large' number of officials, -army and
navy, and civilians. Every army and
navy officer in Washington having been
ordered to attend the funeral service, they
alone would consume a large portion of.
this seating space. The general public
will have an opportunity to view the re
mains of the late President while -the
body lies in state before the funeral ser
vice. . i
The special guard of honor, composed of
the general officers of the army and of of
ficers of high rank-In the navy, will 'not
march in the parades of Tuesday and
Wednesday. The troops ordered here by
the War Department will report for duty
at the White House on Tuesday morning.
Company A, Army Engineers Corps, from
Fort Totten, New York, will arrive on
Monday night, (
Acceptances of the invitation to partici
pate in the parade began arriving to-day.
Governor John P. Hill of Maine wired
acting Secretary Sanger thiit he would
come with his entire, staff, and Governor
Yates of Illinois telegraphed to know
where his military staff should assemble
here. .The Mayor of Savannuh. Ga.. with
a delegation of six will attend. The Mayor
of Boston with a delegation of three will
arrive. on Tuesday morninsr.
Representing the Cutan. Government the
Secretary of State, Diego Tamayo; the
Secretary of Agriculture, Perfecto Lacas
ta.. and Special Commissioner for Cuba
Gonzala/de Quesada have telegraphed
they /will attend. Numerous societies have
given notice that they will participate in
.the civic ; parade on i Tuesday,- 1 including
1000 -men of the Grand Arxnv of the- Re
publie. Department of the Potomac, and
representatives of chapters o[ the Sons of
the American devolution in about twenty
States. . ¦ - ¦ . . -. ¦ • *
I The Union Veterans' Legion, in addition
to the Grand Army of the Republic and
the Loyal Legion, of all three of which
the ' late President -was . a member, win
occupy a post of honor in :Cront of the
hearse in the parade.
statues in Statuary -Hall will be draped
with the American fl?g. There -will be no
other, draping in the , bulldin .sr, with the
possible exception of the walls of the ro
tunda. •• • ' - .
2
¦ NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦ - - - - . . . . . . — ........—
MISCALLED "HAIR TONICS."
Moat Hair Preparations Are Merely
• Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
Most hair preparations are merely
scalp irritants, miscalled hair tonics.
"When hair is brittle. luaterJeas and begins
to fall out, the dandruff germ is getting
in its deadly work at the 'root, sapping
the vitality. Since science discovered that
dandruff is a germ disease there has town
only one preoaration put on the market
that will actually destroy the dandruff
cerm"and that is Newbro's Herplcide. It
allays itching. Instantly .destroys the
lernv and then, falling hair stops, an-i
hair grov.-s luxuriantly. Ask your drug-
eist for Herpidde. It allays itching in-
ttantly; makes hair grow.
M$r The way, to g e t^&k ,
. &r gpo& game is to tSv
aa fiavpr »* with
8 CALIFORNIA^!
I CHUTNEY SAUCE 1
$r , For sfeaks.chopsjo
DB.MEKEHS&CO, Jjpii%
Specialist. Disease dg||||f jK
and weakness o£ 4jj£3£j ?
men. Established ff&r /**J2t •'££»?
1SS1. Consultation UT| **F P*f
and private book - 7 ,\\ *
free, at office or by
nail. Cures guar- K^^^W
anteed. 731 Mar- l>3sE**fi£«*.. -^
ket street (eleva- V /X^&^jf
tor entrance). San V^ N^-^^^Wfc
Francisco. ¦ - C**george" w. McCloskey, captain of police for the thirty
second PRECINCT OF NEW YORK, WHO IS IN SAN 'FRANCISCO
SECURING EVIDENCE AGAINST PRESIDENT'S ASSASSIN.
Funeral ceremonies will be held on the
luneta by the civil and military authori
ties upon the day of the funeral.
President's Death.
MANILA, *6ept. 15.— The \profcundest
grief Is manifested by every class In the
community over the death of President
McKinley. Goevrnor Taft has issued a
proclamation which explains to the Fili
pinos that while the death of Mr. McKin
ley is an irreparable individual loss, it
does not alter the^-stability of the Gov
ernment or change the course of the ad
ministration. This was considered neces
sary because the Filipinos thought Mr.
Bryan would succeed him.
Governor Taft Issues a Proclamation
to the Filipinos Explaining the
PROFOUNDEST GRIEF \
. MANIFESTED IN MANILA
archists are" also said to have been arrest
ed at Rheims. .
"Warships arrived at Dunkirk to-day and
took ud stations In the roadstead.
The Matin learns that Emperor Nicholas
has finally decided not to visit Paris.
. - BERLIN, • Sept. v 15.— The s- Cologne - ' Ga
zette asserts that all anarchist meetings
have been forbidden in Germany since
yesterday and that, all anarchists' clubs
will.be closed.'
Anarchist .Meetings Forbidden.
In looking over our stock of framed pic
tures, for among. all the pretty things we
have in ! Old \ Dutch, Flemish | and | gold
frames there is nothing we are afraid to
submit to your good taste. If you love
the arts It will please you to see them
If you need the pictures it will not incon
venience you to get them, for our prices
are unusually reasonable. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. . •
Be; Hypercritical
• NEW YORK, Sept 15.— Mrs. Theodore
Roosevelt, accompanied by , her five chil
firenr nurse and maid, reached this city
•from Albany early this morning, having
left the Tahawas Club Saturday morning
and left Long Island City soon afterward
tor the Roosevelt borne near Oyster Bay.
Will Leave There This Morning to
Meet the Congressional Train
VrJ^i-K at J«rsey City.
2SIRS. ROOSEVELT RETURNS
HOME TO OYSTER BAY
Friday or Saturday.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 151 - Admiral
Dewey has recalled the notice sent out by
him: for the meeting to-morrow of the
Schley court of inquiry. It was first in
tended that the members should assemble
to-morrow and adjourn immediately after
adopting resolutions of condolence. The*
court may resume its sessions Friday or
Saturday next.
Admiral Dewey Says the Investiga
tion May Be Rssumed- Next V
SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY
WILL NOT MEET TO-DAY
BUFFALO, Sept. 15.— Governor Odell
announced to r day that he. had. declined to
call a special term of the Supreme Court
to try the murderer of President McKin
ley, because he believed that haste was
not necessary. He said the District At
torney had assured him -that- the Grand
Jury would indict and the case be on trial
within fifteen days. To, call a special
term and get a jury assembled would take
more time than that. The assassin is in
the Erie County Penitentiary. .,
Supreme Court.
Not Call a Special Term of the
Governor Odell Says That He Wii?.
TRIAL OF THE ASSASSIN
WILL TAKE REGULAR COURSE*
ST.' PETERSBURG, Sept." 15.— The all
absorbing topic In St. Petersburg to-day
was the death of President McKinley.
The Novoe Vremya'says:
He was a man of large talents and a beloved'
son of- the country for whose welfare : he un
ceasingly and successfully labored.
The Boerse Gazette says:' "
Mr. McKinley was one of the most popular
figures in American history and one of the best
representatives of- American ideals. Mr. Roose
velt admires McKinley's steadi'ast purity and
the programme • In ' which he incorporated the
hopes and ambitions of a great majority of the
American people, j Opinion In Europe, regarding
Fan- Americanism may possibly be divided, but
It is comprehensive from the American point of
view. Mr. McKinley died .firmly believing that
the work he had begun in domestic and foreign
policy would find suitable instrument for Its
continuation. •; ; - . . . ' .
The semi-official Journal of '¦ Commerce
and Industry -says: • .\
., . Mr.. McKinley was. not an extreme protection
ist. Shortly before his death he spoke out
against crude , trust protection.
"American officials. in St. Petersburg to
day attended services at the Anglican
church, where a dead march was rendered
and suitable hymns were sung. •-.•-.
• Special services -were also ' held' in the
English church in Moscow.-. •> ~, ,
American . Officials in St. , Petersburg
, ...Attend Special Services in the /
Anglican Church. ; -
PRESS OE RUSSIA PAYS .
/ TRIBUTE TO : THE DEAD
FRANKLIN. Pa., Sept. 15.— Late last
night Dr. Wiyiam McKinley,* one of the
best known practicing physicians in this
county, RiiJ a distant relative of the late
President McKinley was found dead at
his home at polk, a few miles from this
city. On Saturday Dr. McKinley was in
Franklin, 'and with " much emotion dis
cussed the shooting and the death" of . the
late President with friends here.
Dr. McKinley was of a-highly nervous
disposition, and at different times during
these discussions he became greatly "ex
cited, over the assassination. In the even-
Ing he returned to Polk, and a few hours
after his arrival there "his body was
found by a member of the family lying
on the ground in the rear of his residence-
Physicians who were summoned said that
death was due. to apoplexy brought on by
the excitement of the day.
Dr. McKinley had an acquaintance with
President McKinley, and was one of his
warmest admirers in this section. He
was a graduate of the Baltimore Medical
College and 44 years of age. ¦ . .
Excitement • Consequent Upon the
Assassination Kills* Dr. William
McKinley of Pennsylvania.
RELATIVE OF THE LATE
PRESIDENT DIES SUDDENLY
Steiger was rescued with difficulty Ho
was taken to the police station for safe
keeping and evidence was found on him
which justifies the police in holding him
Steiger's pockets were filled with an
archistic literature and contained several
letters from well known Chicago .an
archists, showing him to be on intimate
terms with them.
OMAHA. Sept. 15.— Frank Steiger barely
escaped lynching this afternoon after
making offensive remarks in the saloon
of Fred Hansen on Cumming street. A
crowd of men occupied the beer garden
and reading-room when Steiger's oratory
grew offensive, and when the speaker
waved a Canadian thistle in mock mourn
ing of the dead President, a dozen hands
reached for him. The saloon-keeper hustled
the offender into a rooni overhead, where
he was besieged by members of the local
lodge of Hibernians, who had been hold-
Ing an informal meeting in the garden
Two of the party went, for a rope and
had returned from their errand when a
patrol wagon . reached the saloon" in
answer to a riot call. .
the Dead President's
Memory.
Omaha Hibernians Resent Insults to
ANARCHIST BARELY
ESCAPES LYNCHINO
LONDON, Sept. 16.— It would be almost
impossible to record in detail the remark
able outburst of sympathy In Great Brit
ain and her colonies over the death of
President McKinley, proofs of which are
continually arriving here. Not only 'has
King Edward commanded the court to go
into mourning for one week but- wherever
a public meeting of any kind has been
held or wherever a public man has had
occasion to speak expressions of horror
and sympathy have been heard.
In every place- of public worship yester
day, from St. Paul's Cathedral and Can
terbury Cathedral down, the preachers
made special references to the terrible
event, invoking God's blessing .upon the
United States and the American people.
Craithie Hurst, Balmoral, whose bells
have never been used before except on
occasions of national Interest, broke the
custom and announced the event to the
neighborhood.
Mr. Choate and staff of the United
States embassy attended St. Paul's Ca
thedral in the evening and many other
Americans were in the congregation.
Car.on Scott Holland made a touching al
lusion to the martyred President and de
nounced the crime to which he fell a vic
tim. ¦• |
Many members of the diplomatic corps
and a constant stream of visitors inscrib
ed their names at the embassy. Messages
of sympathy were received from Earl
Cadogan, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, the Duke
of Abercrombie, the Maharajah of Joolh
pore, Mr. Austin, the poet laureate, and
many other prominent men.
In accordance with a special army or
der to the guards at the St. James Palace
and at all other. points where guards are
mounted throughout the United Kingdom,:
honors were rendered yesterday to the
memory of President McKinley such as
are usually "accorded only on the death of
royal personages. The troops. wore crape
and the . bands played dirges. Funeral
marches were played In every church in
the kingdom. Canon Duckworth, preach
ing in Westminster Abbey, said: . .
. The opening of the* twentieth century will
be in our memory and In that of. our kinsmen
one that drew us together in the sacred broth
prhood of sorrow. It will unite the former
friendship between the two great nations.
The morning papers again appear with
heavily leaded border and are almost en
tirely devoted to Mr. McKinley. No such
tributes of sympathy and respect ever,
marked the death of any person but a
British sovereign. - '
Considerable editorial space is devoted
to a discussion of Mr. Roosevelt's probable
policy, a question which is exciting the
keenest curiosity throughout Europe and
may be said to border almost upon appre
hension.
The Dally Chronicle, discussing the
world of sympathy displayed, says:
'This fcympathy U intensified by a full real
ization of the calamity until we are almost
Inclined to say that there Is no precedent for
such a display of emotion and fellow feeling
on these particular lines. It is not Impossible
that the assassination of Mr. McKinley will
advance that "International comity of gov
ernments" ' to which some political students
look as the keynote of future peace and. har
mony. >¦,»>...' '• • • • • . • '
The Morning Post says : "
The American people have been robbed of one
of the greatest leaders the republic ever pro
duced.
Many papers highly approve the pro
posal' that the Duke of Cornwall and York
Marking the Demise of a
British. Sovereign.
The Tributes of Respect Equal Those
ALIi ENGLAND MOURNS
DEATH OF THE PRESIDENT
Then from the church down the two
miles of roadway to the cemetery the mil
itary will guard the way. With the men
stationed a few feet apart the long lines
will stretch from the church to the grave.
Between their lines again the casket will
be borne. .:. * ;._;' : . •
"'The troops will be camped on the edge
of the city and will- be used for police
duty. Shoulder to shoulder on both sides
of the wide street leading from the depot
to the church the militia will be drawn
up in line and through their ranks all
that is mortal of their once beloved com
mander in chief will be borne.
CLEVELAND, • Sept. 15.— Plans . for the
mobilization, of '.the;^ Ohio National Guard
at Canton .to -take: part in the final ob
sequies of the. late President were per
fected at a~ meeting of the State officials
to-day, i, -The • en,tire guard of the State,
numbering "about 5000 men, has been or
dered -to ¦ report for duty In Canton by
Wednesday noon. This includes infantry,
cavalry troops, batteries and naval re
serves. • ; ' ' - .
Canton From the- Church to the
:; V" Cemetery.
Troops .Will. Guard the Roadway in
NATIONAIj GrTTARD OF OHIO
"7 .WILL DO POLICE DUTY
NEW TORK, Sept. 15.— That President
McKinley expected to live for many years
and had every reason for so thinking is
.evidenced from the insurance: he carried
on his life in favor of his wife. ; : Only a.
few weeks ago, it can -be said on good
authority, he had changed a' straight life
Insurance policy of 550,000 for a twenty
year endowment policy. He carried this
in one of the big New York companies.
—It. was announced by another insurance
company that its agents had paid by
check on Saturday to Mrs. McKinley a
policy calling for $15,000. Reports that the
President carried insurance amounting to
$200,000 or more are not credited by leading
insurance men in this city. Several
experts yesterday placed the total amount
at not more than $75,000. .
Total Amount Will Probably Reach
as High, as Seventy-Five
Thousand.
PRESIDENT CARRIED - - .
BIG LIFE INSURANCE
It is broadly hinted in a Buffalo, special
that J. Pierpont Morgan induced Dr. Mc-
Burney to give out optimistic statements
concerning President -M^Klnley's condi
tion.
Drs. Mann, Parke, Myhter and Wasdln
disagree among themselves as to surgical
and medical points In the case. They agree
at only one point. They all say that Dr.
McBurney of New York was directly re
sponsible for the public impression that
President McKinley was certain to get
well. - They all * say ' that "from . the first
moment of his appearance in the case he
was most optimistic; that contrary to his
Invariable custom in the past he saw and
talked freely with newspaper- men and
gave them Iirst optimistic and then nosi
tive assurances that President McKinley
would get well. They say that it was at
his suggestion that McKinley was given
solid food on Thursday and that he alone
grave out a positive statement (this was on
Thursday, just before he left) that Mr.
McKinley would certainly get well. *
NEW TORK. Sept. 15.— The "World has
this from Buffalo: The disagreement
among the doctors, foreshadowed in the
World this morning, broke out to-day. It
promises to be a bitter, and, perhaps, even
scandalous public controversy.
Unwarranted Optimistic Re
. ports.
Accuse Dr. McBurney of Giving Oilt
PHYSICIANS ENGAGE
IN" BITTER CONTROVERSY
Some of the sentiments .- Mr. Roosevelt ex
pressed a few weeks ago now seem to have been
but. the overflow of high spirits in the case ,pf
a man in an ornamental position. No sooner
does he feel the ¦ weight of -office, "as" the head
of a majestic nation, than he speaks with the
calmness of true statesmanship. . ; :
It is certain a man with such a marvelous
record will not be a humdrum President. At
the same time he is far too level-headed to do
anything rash. ' .
It predicts that the youngest of the
Presidents will prove one of the greatest.
The Daily Mail, which calls attention to
the allegation that he is not a friend-to
Great Britain only to express its disbelief
in the same, says:-.'
The Daily Chronicle says:
In the editorials on Mr. Roosevelt a
sense of relief and intense satisfaction is
exhibited at his declaration that he will
maintain his predecessor's policy un
broken, while his high! courage and integ
rity of character are subjects for eulogis
tic comment and congratulation.. to the
American- nation upon the possession of
such a brilliant man to succeed to the
Presidency. . - •• ' ¦ ¦
Mr. Roosevelt has great gifts, which, rightly
used, may lead to great issues. The danger his
friends feel is in a certain impulsiveness which
is undoubtedly a part of his nature. We trust
his friends are overanxious.
should attend the funeral and express a
hope that King Edward will see his way
clear to adopt the suggestion.
The Times says of the new President:
The Pennsylvania v Railroad Company
will place a private car at Mrs. Roose
velt's disposal. The other children of the
household will go to Washington as soon
as arrangements can be made there for
putting then-, in school.
Mrs. Roosevelt said she did not knoiT
when she would go to Washington. -
On reaenins: her home Mrs. Roosevelt,
by request, gave out the following:
"Leaving uyster Bay, accompanied by
Theodore' Roosevelt Jr.. Monday morning
at 8 o'clock, on arrival at Long Island City
will proceed to the Manhattan side and
take carriage for Jersey City, arriving at
10 o'clock, in time to catch the Congres
sional limited."
Then Dr. Frary launched fearlessly. Into
an arraignment of yellow journalism,
aimed directly at the Examiner. •
"In the 'line of lawlessness," he said,:
"we have been recreant in the degree to
which we have permittd the Satanic press
of the country to caricature, vilify and
malign men occupying the highest sta
tions In the gift of the people. I refer to
the foul, sensational and salacious San
Francisco Examiner and those of its kind
that appeal to the basest passions of the
Ignorant, inflaming those passions to the
point of assassination. To charge men like
President McKinley with being In league
with monopolists to crush the laboring
man and starve his family, to ridicule
month after month by coarse joke and
cartoon our highest officers, and thus
break down the respect Of the young and
embitter the minds of the multitude with
imaginary evils and wrongs, the Exam
iner-custom is to sow the wind and reap
the whirlwind. It Ja the duty of the press
henceforth to help purify our nation of
moral pollution, to silence the sensation
alist and the slanderer in Us own calling
andto do what It e*u\ito-ai«i^the adminis
tration, ; both .^National' andrState. .in its
duty to sweep "the continent clean of an
archists from t-hore-.to shore. :
POMONA, "Sept. 15.— After eloquently,
eulogizing President McKinley as a man.
a Christian and the highest representative
of the best political government on the^
globe in a powerful, uplifting memorial
sermon delivered at Pilgrim Congrega
tional; Church to-day, .the. Rev. Dr. Luclen
H.Frary, one of, the leading Congrega
tional ministers of Southern California,
spoke . with fervor: upon what j he - termed
a characteristic "American sin. namely,
disregard of law, human and divine. He
deplored the amazing spread of anarchy
and lawlessness and reminded his hearers
that. the blow struck at Buffalo was at
this free and popular government, which
can only be maintained as the law-abid
ing spirit Is cherished and intensified
among all classes and conditions.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Amazing Spread^of/Anarchisrn
Demands Immediate Gok
lililliiillt
Pomona Minister Ar--
Bressr
; A number of Russian political detectives
have been disturbed in / the large cities
where anarchist»groups' exist. Several an-
PARIS, Sept. 15.— The- tragic . death of
President * McKinJey - seems V to have
prompted even more, stringent "t>recautlons
in 'connection- with \ the: coming.-- of- Emper
or^Nicholas than \ were contemplated last
week.. For instance** in the 'squares and
streets of Rheims through which the im
perial cortege will.'pass, absolutely no
spectators j ¦will be allowed. The ¦ sidewalks
will be occupied by troops:" A glimpse of
the Czar will be only obtainable from win
dows along the line of. the route. Similar
measures will be 'enforced' at Compeigne
and. the town ¦will belong to the police and
not to the inhabitants for the time..
_ A Marseilles dispatch- announces the ar
rest', there of "eight '¦'. anarchists— Italians,
¦ Spaniards and including .Prudent, one of
the chiefs of the Mafia, and a friend of
BrescI and' Cesario. i .- • . '.
to ; Be .Taken in' France.
Tragic Death -of President McKinley
. Stringent _ Precautiona,
STRONG-GUARD TO; PBOTECT
• THE EMPEROR NICHOLAS
¦^"-"S^.TJEBECSept. 15.— The royal yacht
(£.'¦ \V Ophir,. accompanied by the escort
1 1 ; II of battleships, arrived at a point
twelve miles below the city thi3
•^3^-afternoon. The boats anchored
there, for the~nipht. They will not come
up to the: city until the schedule time to
morrow.
There are all kinds of rumors . flying
The Governor also issued a proclamation
calling on the entire Territory to unite la
observing the occasion and ordering all
public buildings draped. Every building
and residence in Guthrle is draped arui
flags are at half mast all over the city. A
union memorial service will be held Sun
day night in the Brooks Theater.
The territorial officials of Oklahoma, In behalf
of all the people of the Territory, unite with
me In extending their heartfelt sympathies and
expressing their deep sorrow at the great
calamity that has befallen the nation In the
death of our beloved President and chief, the
Hon. William McKinley, and throuzh .you I
desire to especially tender their sympathies to
the stricken w<fe and family.
"WILLIAM JENKINS, Governor.
GXJTHRIE, O. T.; Sept. 14.— At a called
session this morning of his Cabinet by
Governor Jenkins a resolution appropriate
to the death of the President was passed
and telegraphed to Secretary Hitchcock
for transmission to Mrs. McKinley, as
follows:
Draped.
Governor fit Territory Proclaims That
Buildings in Guthxie Shall Be
OKLAHOMA • CITIZENS
TELL OF 'PHF.ru. S0H&0W
relation to the future movement! of th«
royal party.
For some days past several Canadian
newspapers have stated that the move
ments of some well-known anarchists
were watched by American and Canadian
detectives and it was said to-night that a
notorious Italian anarchist of New York
had been arrested in Montreal on Tuesday
evening. The arrest has been kept very
quiet. '
around this city to the effect that the visit
of 'the Duke and Duchess of Cornwa.ll and
York will not extend beyond Quebec. A
hurried meeting of the Federal Cabinet
was held this evening on board one of
the Federal cruisers In port and although
no definite news as to the cause of the
sudden meeting could be" ascertained, it Is
presumed on good authority that it was in
Police of puebec Secretly Arrest a Notorious Italian Leader
~? of Reds, arid the Royal Party, Fearing a Plot, May Cut
<t Short Its Tour of -the American Continent and Return
SHARP WORDS
FOR YELLOW
JOURNALISM
ANARCHISTS FOLLOWING MOVEMENTS
OF THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF YORK
the indubitable character of the evidence
unearthed at Pacific Grove by The Call
his professional zeal will become a strong
second -to his appreciation of climate and
people.' i :_¦ '¦-¦-•-» .-
Captain McCloskey says simply that he
had long promised his friend Gunst to
visit him and that at last he Is here. He
professes himself to be infatuated with
California and says his visit may be quite
lengthy. Without doubt, when he learns
Captain McCloskey, the New York de
tective, like the thorough Hawkshaw that
he is, refuses to discuss his mission here
to assert in a general way that he
is here on a \isit to his friend Mose
' Gunst. In response to queries as to wheth
er or .not he is here to search for evidence
of the anarchistic plot, he falls back upon
his refusal to discuss affairs of his police
department, and the same result Is ob
tained to inquiries concerning the evi
dence in the hands of the New York de
tectives that sent him post-haste across
the continent at a time when the world
supposed the Eastern cities held the evi
dences of the fiendish preparations of the
chosen tools of the anarchists.
Captain McCloskey's Visit.
Inquiries made last night at the post
office at Monterey showed that the offi
cials there have no recollection of ever
having been asked for mall by a man
named Fred Nelman, while the two hotels
in Pacific Grove and Monterey have no
record of a guest of the name of Fred
Nelman having registered In May last. It
is possible that if the assassin was here
that he registered under another name
or that he secured rooms at one of the
many lodging houses in the two cities.
No mention had been made of a visit of
the President to Monterey, and It Is nat
ural, to assume that Czolgosz, reading of
the intended visit of the President to Pa
cific Grove, went there possibly from San
Francisco to watch his chance to ap
proach the chief executive. He may riot
have remained over night there, as a late
train leaves Pacific Grove for San Fran
cisco.
"What appears to be most suspicious
about that man is the fact that he did not
call again for any mail and he did not
leave Instructions to have any mail for
warded. The fact that he called for mail
showed that he expected letters and it is
the general rule for persons who .call for
mall and who leave the city to ask that
their mall be sent on to some other ad
dress. I did not see the man again in Pa
cific Grove. No mall ever came for Fred
Kelman at any time after he called at the
postoffice. I have seen a picture of the
President's assassin in the papers and it
looks like the man who called at the post
office. The picture, however, was not a
good one. It was a sketch. If I could see
the assassin or a good photograph of him
1 am positive that I could identify him be
yond possible doubt."
Suspicious Circumstances.
"The exact date I cannot recall, but I
am positive It was when the President
epoke -in the church here to the Grand
Army veterans who were in camp at the
time. I was in the Postoffice alone, and
the man in question came to the delivery
window and called for mail for Fred Nel
tnan. { "What impresses the matter clearly
In my mind is the fact that when I said
to him 'What name?' he replied 'Fred
Nelman' nnd spelled the name out to me.
I looko<3 for mall in that name and found
none and so told the man. He was within
two !>et of me and I saw his features
distinctly. He was a young man about
25 or M years old, with boyish face. He
did not look like a traveling man. He
was about five feet six in height and was
of slim build. I think he had a black
eJoueh hat on.
"TVhen I read in the papers of the shoot
ing of the President and read that name
Fred Xeiman. by which the assassin was
known. I recalled at once that a man of
that name was in the postofllce asking
for mail just about the time that Presi
dent McKinley visited Pacific Grove. As
near as I can remember, the man came
into the postoffice late in the afternoon.
Czolgosz lay in wait for the President
at Pacific Grove, presumably because at
that town was being held the Grand
Army of the Republic encampment, and
McKinley had Eaid that whatever befall
he would not pass his old comrades by.
The would-be assassin knew that the
President would be driven through the
streets to the hall where the veterans
were assembled, and possibly he hoped
that on this drive the President's body
guard would be less vigilant than on oc
casion of receptions in larger cities. But
his expectation was not realized and the
opportunity he sought was fortunately de
nied hfm, not only there, but throughout
the Presidential trip.
While in Pacific Grove Czolgosz called
at the postoffice to Inquire for mail. He
had expected letters there addressed to
his alias, "Fred Neiman." He gave that
name to Postmaster Charles G. Chamber
lain, even spelling it out in his anxiety
that there should be no mistake. Post
master Chamberlain now Identifies the
fair-haired young stranger who was so
licitous lest he should leave a letter be
hind as the assassin who cowers in his
cell, safe from the wrath .Qf the mob that
clamored for his blood, but awaiting the
certain doom of death on the gallows.
Chamberlain knew the moment that he
paw the newspaper pictures of Czolgosz
that the face was the same that peered
In at him through the delivery window on
the memorable day of the visit of the
President. The circumstances of the in
quiry for mail were unusual, and in the
Postmaster's mind there is fixed indelibly
a pjcture of the harmless looking Pole
whose will was intent upon the most
heinous of purposes. Chamberlain re
members the expression of the man's face,
his complexion, the color of his "eyes, his
height, his build and even his
dress, and there can be no doubt that the
man for the moment appearing under the
alias of "Fred Xeiman" was none other
than Leon Czolgosz.
Postmaster Chamberlain's Story.
Presidpni^-McKinley visited Pacific
Grove-Saturday, May 11, being driven
there from the Hotel del Monte to ad
dress the veterans gathered at the Grand
Army encampment. Chamberlain himself
is a Grand Army veteran and has lived
in Pacific Grove for many years. He
stands high in the estimation of all who
know him and Is a man of splendid in
tegrity. His story, given to The Call's
j-pecial correspondent last night, is as fol
lows:
Lay in "Wait at Pacific Grove.
h* Is here to work upon the California end
of the plot— an end which is given first im
portance by Information which has come
into possession of The Call.
Leon Csolgosz was In Pacific Grove
when President McKinley was there. His
identification is complete and positive,
and it remains only for the great New
York detective and the local Havrkshaws
to visit the seaside town to gather there
conclusive evidence of th? long existence
of the hellish plot.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO BEFTEMBER 16, X1901.
EVIDENCE DISCOVERED THAT CZOLGOSZ FOLLOWED PRESIDENT TO CALIFORNIA
Continued From Page One.
3
BroKen Lot Sale Ends Saturday
If our broken lot sale keeps up at the rate it has been goin^, everything will be gene
by this week. But even so/The sale will positively close next Saturday night at II o'clock.
.Until then you can get a good all-wool stylish "suit or overcoat at less than one-half its for-
mer selling price. /•
The suits are medmm weight cheviots and worsteds and are being closed out at $6.55.
; The overcoats are light covert top coats in dressy- shades, and the. price is $5.55.
, The garments are broken lots collected from the entire stock, and while no one pat-
tern^ has more than one or. tvvo sizes, the clothes as a whole contain every size. In all proba-
bility you will find something suitable, and if you do you will save over one-half.
Remember the. sale ends this coming Saturday niight at ii o'clock.
5uits $6;gg Top Cpats1j>5.55
1^1 Youths and Boys Sale Ends Also
' .X*. 51 The sale of youths'- suits at $6.85 and the boys' suits at $2.55 will also end next
. jr****.-/ - Saturday night. • The odds and ends at $2.55 will be about gone and the youths*
suits will be sold at their regular prices next week, as the present price is a special.
'i^iSiiHBa ' You wil1 Positively have to pay $10.00, $12.50 or $135.00 for the youths' suits after '
/M^^^Bffluiiltl next' Saturday. You had better buy right away. '•
i^SHRifilll'ra' 'The suits are fall' and winter weight Odds and ends from various lines in the
JaB^lRlOlsiilraA tweeds . and .cheviots in single and children's department, comprising sailors. ¦'
•M^ljlfflralwlw double breasted sacks; the ages are vestees. norfolks. Russian blouses and
IKiSaffllMl Iw from I2 to I9 >' ears ; former selling two-piece suits which sold from $4.00 to
JffWr prices. $10.00. $i2oO and $15.00; the spe- $8.00. will be closed out by Saturday
(ii IFl; fl c^ pr ' ce UD to S atur day night night at ,
|||flffi?|^»/ A full line' of children's, .boys' and Boys' knee pants, extra value, 30c a:
iHwf 'IhhIi ' youths' sweaters in swell patterns have ar- pair. .-...•'. - ....
™jl/Jj|l|jffl . rived. $1-00, $1.50, $2.00. Boys' percale- shirt waists, ages 4 to 10,
iMw IniIb Boys' leggings in leather, cloth and 25c each.
fflllfif/ SHiw! velvet, from 5Oc t o $2.50 a pair. Boys'- automobile caps, very latest,
Illf Km Boys' extra heavy, double knee hosiery, $1.25 each. "";"-..
UK IMS! 25c a pair. v;''^ 1 . Boys' golf caps, extra value. 25c each.
: f^ ; 718 Market Street. hats -THREE PROMINENT CHURCHMEN WHO ADDRESS LARGE CONGREGA
TIONS THAT LISTEN, WITH HEAVY HEARTS AND TEARFUL, EYES TO
THE BEAUTIFUL.' WORDS SPOKEN OF THE DEPARTED PRESIDENT.
It is. touching the tribute of the President
of our neighboring republic of Mexico, who
has . on this, his birthday anniver
sary,' postponed all festal ceremonies and
who has called upon his people to bow
down in mourning and in worship before
God, "whose high and holy name trembled
on the dying lips of William McKinley.-
I believe he was In the zenith of his
*': powers, the foremost citizen of the world.
j', ;The Christian church mourns, for Wil-
The texts are, "Know ye not that there Is
a' prince and a great man fallen this day."
and "Blessed are they that mourn, for they
sh.ill, be comforted."
There is but one theme on the minds and
the lips' of men of this nation •' to-day,
namely, the life and death of William Mc-
Kinley. • ¦ The great and good the world over
¦have been . touched unto universal and
measureless sympathy as never before. The
dead President embodied ' the highest ideal
Of duty to the nation and he sought to
realize that ideal with all the strength and
manhood of his . noble being. In his hands
all of . the Interests of | his country were
safe. .•.'.. . ¦'•' ' .
The Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, formerly
pastor of the Central Methodist Church of
Ban Francisco, a personal friend ; of the
late President McKinley,' delivered ' a
eulogy this morning at the First Metho
dist Church. He said:!
Well-rvnowp Pastor Was a
. ; Devoted friend of Mr. ;¦•;.
v McKinley;
DR. HUTSINPILLER
MOURNS HIS LOSS
_ . , . j.
Berlin will be held next "Wednesday to
adopt resolutions of sympathy.
Sept. 15.. — "If the aKnnsBlnatlon of President McKinley has taught no other lesnon ft has
§T taught 70,000,000 people that anarchy Is worse than treason and must be driven forever from
'•*¦¦'"' the ; country." *<•••¦ .¦.;;•..,¦¦¦¦:.¦ ;•;.-¦;;••'¦, . ; '¦.;-."¦ ..-. ;," ¦—.,¦¦,.¦ ;•':/;. ; ¦;'.¦¦,,.".../.,..',;... ':.
'^¦^ These -words Trere uttered by United States Senator -Mason, causing 1 the .audience that
crowded Hyde Park: Methodist Church 'at the memorial services to burst into applause.' The
meeting at which the Senator spoke wn» bnt One of ninny -which were held in this city to-day. There
vrasnot a church, Catholic or* Protestant, in which McKinley was not eulogised and his death de
plored. Everywhere was 'made the. declaration that there must be an end to anarchy and anarchists
.- .;' iri this country, f^rpnl -'this : tlmeVon. ¦ "'¦'' '*J : '.•?, \ V ' ¦¦'-•.;-•, --. ¦ . • ¦ ,- - • . .¦ - ¦]¦' • • ... .
ANARCHY MUST BE CRUSHED.
Memorial Services Are rfeld
iO All the Churches
pf the City.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 15.— The services at
the Methodist Episcopal Church South
this morning" were dedicated to the
memory of President McKlnley." ¦ The
altar was draped with national colors and
a picture of the martyred President en
wreathed with the emblems of mourning
stood upon the rostrum. The pastor,- the
Rev. Euclid McWhorter, likened Presi
dent McKinley's assassination. to the slay-
Ing of Abner by the hand of Joab, and
gave the three causes which contributed
to make anarchy rampant. He took his
text from 2d Samuel, "Know ye not that
there Is a prince and a great man fallen
this day in Israel?"
These were the wordsi of ¦ David to hla
people- . at the death of Abner, who was
' surreptitiously slam by Joab. His death
was a.- severe stroke to David and to all
Israel-. Abner - had- made a .league with
David • to- restore Israel to the latter, and
hla services were of first importance. Joab,
to gratify • his .ambition . for revenge, took
Abner aside as if to engage him in friendly
conversation, and whils greeting him with
ALfiMEDfl PASTORS
DELIVER EULOGIES
It has been my good pleasure to hear such
personal testimony from the lips of Mr. Mc-
Kinley as to leave no doubt of his devotion
to Christ and his church. I His forgiving
spirit shown after the shooting, his patient
acquiescence in the will. of God during his
illness and, at the time of his death, his
Fwan song of triumphant . faith, "Nearer.
My God, to Thee," his last lingering word
of farewell — these all confirm our serene con
fidence in his Christian character. Here is
the secret of his real and abiding success.
home and wife, coupled with his never-fail
ing courtesy and considt ration. He won
golden opinions from the people on his re
cent trip to the coaet by this very exhibition
of homely virtues and happy is that land
whose ruler is pure in private life and ex
emplary in domestic duties.
I have known Mr. McKlniey for more than
twenty years and have remarked his inva
riable dignity of carriage. The very poise of
his head and dellberateness of utterance im
pressed the high respect in which he held
himself. Always genial and approachable,
the mark of a truly great man. he never
theless maintained a connclousness of the
office which he filled that prevented fa
miliarity and commannde<l respect.- Espe
cially since his elevation to the Presidency
had this trait been prominent, which shows
that real dignity is not of costume or cere
mony, but of heart.. He kept friends with
himself. And was therefore true to all.
Ministers and Lay meg Render Beautiful Enco
miunjs on the Dead President.
.g|^^ AKLAND, Sept. 15.— Memorial
/"AV^'M services were held . to-day 2 In
1 \\ I the churches for the departed
\\ F President. Eulogies were said
by many clergymen, while
¦^^^'. , music of special selection was
utilized in the exercises, which
drew thousands to the structures. The
life and the death of the murdered Presi
dent was the theme of discourse in the
pulpits of the city.
FRIEND'S TRIBUTE
TO THE DEPARTED
Rey. Ernest Baker Says He
Deerrjed Mcl^inley a, .
Great Man.
The Rev. Ernest ~E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church; offered the
following tribute to the memory of the
dead President: ..-,
"We are too near this , great" 'life lived
OAKLAND PREACHERS
DELIVER PANEGYRICS
Continued on Page Nine.
President's Lost Words.
Services In memory, of President Wil
liam McKlnley were held yesterday in tha
Emmanuel Baptist Church. In the morn
ing and evening the programme consisted^
of eacred music and special sermons by
the pastor, the Rav. J. George Gibson
The church was decorated in mournln*
A large congregation listened to the eulo
gy ¦», th & d T e - i K and P rav ed for the health,
of Mrs. McKlnley and for the nation. e " W
SAN RAFAEL, Sept.. 15.— The committee
of fifteen .. citizens appointed by Judge
Angellotti. in pursuance of the action of
the mass meeting | last -night. - met. this
afternoon at the City Hall. Judge Angel
lottl called' the meeting to order; and the
matter of properly observing next Thurs
day was discussed. It has been decided to
hold exercises in some hall, probably the
Opera House, at 2 o'clock in the after
noon. The Rev. Arthur Crosby will de
liver the address.
Marin Citizens Will Assemble.
among us to' give it adequate estimate. Love
for him as a man and . as : a.", President
prompts-, willing hands to- weave a martyr
crown,' In its 'appreciation of
his virtues and dazzling in its admiration of
his achievements. Other generations of men
- will . fix ; William . McKlnleyrs- final.- place
among the Immortals. ¦¦ If remains for. us to
mourn him dead and to emulate him living;.
From first to, last Mr. McKinley's devotion
to home has commended him to the confl
-'dence of .the people. His untlrinjc .care . of
j the wife of his I youth has endeared him to
the hearts of all chivalric . men and noble
women. . His universal* personal popularity
may be attributed to this trait of loyalty to
Ham McKinley was a devout Christian. -
; If : I could have stood by his bedside arid
have, raised that right: hand cold "in • death !
I could have oolnted. to it- and said with
Arlstides, "This hand was clean,', 1 In that
hand beat the pulse of affection for the
"world's humanity. His last words were
beautiful - and j expressive • of - affection. • of
faith in. God,-. of .hope in Immortality and
heaven.. ; ; «-. ; 7 : ,. , ./..:.,.-¦ ,:•',; -.*
: The - American .people can congratulate ,
r themselves*, that , though, .the great >:; and
grocd are -stricken and die, the great and',
good I also live. The Interests of - our ! be
loved land will be safe, in the hands of the
brave, .chivalric and- patriotic Theodore
. Roosevelt. '
"The first feeling is of detestation 'for a
dastardly . crime. ¦¦¦¦ The second feeling- -is
one of deep sympathy, for. his widow, and
for the whole country; >. The third I one is
of admiration for. his' statesmanship, In
tegrity and Christianity.' -'The-, king' is
dead, long live -the king.' We may say
this' in hopeful, anticipation "of President
Roosevelt's administration. r The new ex
ecutive.is a typical young American.";
A , meeting of the American ? colony, in,
Among those who attended' were Baron
von'Rlchthofen, German 'Minister of For
eign Affairs, and Mr.- White,: the United
States Embassador. Dr. Dickie in his ser
mon said : , . . • . •
Simple in his religious faith, steadfast in
hfs aim. consistent in his belief, men every
where attest id the purity and sanctity of
The life and character of William Mc-
Klnley form a great lesson for the na
tion. ./He was called as was Abraham Lin
coln, in a great crisis in which a leader of
consummate tact and wisdom was required.
The history or the past few years proves
that he was his equal in meeting the de
mands of the time. The qualities of moral
integrity and a high conscientiousness of
duty form the foundation of his character.
Through hla tact the crisis was safely
passed and both parties agree in their con
viction that throughout all he waa con
trolled by a high sense of duty.
His private character was Indeed beauti
ful, self-denying, loyal and ever attentive
while his relations toward the object of hi»
love form a- tremendous lesson. to the na
tion. ¦ • - . ..
Major General S. B. M. Young and. his
entire staff, in civilian dress, attended
the services at Trinity Church yesterday
morning. The ceremonies <were in the na
ture of a memorial service. In which the
music and the sermon were in harmony
with the sad incidents pt the past week.
Dr. Clampett, the rector, preached from
the text,. "The righteous shall be In ever
lasting remembrance." In part he said:
0RMY OFFICERS
: ATTEND SERVICES
The' Rev. Howard A. Johnson, at the
Madison-avenue Presbyterian \ Church,
said: "Though dead. President McKinley
has his place secure. Not only is he be
loved and. honored in .the hearts of the
people, but in ihe history of the nation."
The Rev. George T. Purvis of the Fifth
avenue Presbyterian Church said: "Our
Government remains absolutely unaffect
ed, and we behold the splendid spectacle '
of the absolute stability of our institu
tions, even at the moment when the -head
of the republic falls. Emma, Goldman
and her kind should -be imprisoned for
life at hard labor, and ' the- murderer
should be hanged immediately."
' CINCINNATI, Sept; 15.— The death of
the President- was generally noted- in the
churches of various denominations to-day I
by appropriate texts and sermons. The
ministers spared no words in denouncing
the assassination and the existence of
The Rev. Dr. Huntington, preaching at
Grace Church, took the late President's
words, "Let no one hurt him," as a pro
verb against lawlessness. ¦
Archbishop Corrigan occupied the throne
during mass - at St. Patrick's '• Cathedral
and was much affected during the preach
ing of the sermon by the Rev. M. J. La
vell.' The preacher said: "Anarchy is as
impossible as that five is equal to two."
The Eev. Dr. Morgan Dix denounced
the crime of Czolgosz and arraigned an
archy as a dog which would destroy mod
ern civilization unless suppressed.
Coupled with the words of mourning
were expressions. of confidence in the sta
bility of the Government and the admin
istration of President Roosevelt. ' There
were few vehement expressions against
anarchy.
unanimity those in charge
of the service had the congregations sing
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." Most of the
churches were draped in black, and in not
a few the American flag mingled its colors
with the folds of crape. The congrega
tions were large in every church.
mEW YORK, Sept. 15.—Natur
ally the theme of all the
sermons preached in New
York and its suburbs to
day was the death of the
President. With practical
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. lo.-The fath
er of the assassin' of President McKlnley
has not, slept or taken anything since Sat
urday morning. Since the death of the
President he has become moody and has
lost. his appetite. A younger brother* of
the assassin says that his father is heart
broken as -a consequence of the death of
the President. Chief of Police Corner re
turned from Buffalo to-day, but made no
attempt to see Czolgosz. while. there.
FATHER OF THE ASSASSIN
IS 1TEABXY HEAKTBROKExT
SALINAS. Sept. 15.— About four months
ago there appeared in this city a woman
¦who professed to be a fortune teller. She
claimed to be one-quarter Indian and said
she wes reared in the State of New York.
She was well dressed, about 45 years of
age, short and heavy set. She spoke
fluently and with a peculiar accent. She
•wore a lined snakeskin around her 'waist
and was generally accompanied by two
<5og;s. a mastiff and a terrier.
While here she put In a portion of her
time traveling from house to house ask
ing permission to tell fortunes, either by
cards or by the hand. In conversation
with several persons she said President
MeKinley would, be assassinated In the
latter part of September or the first of
October. The assassination, she eaid
would occur at 6ome large gathering In
the East and two shots would be ifred
Ehe also stated that an attempt would be
made to kill Theodore Roosevelt
v Wn f^. asl L ed whe «" sh e gained her
knowledge ehe remarked that it was one
of hot- secrets and that she never made a
practice of divulging secrets. - - -
Assassinated.
Said McKinley Was to Be
Woman Who Appeared in Salinas
STRANGE PREDICTIONS
OF A FOBTUNB-TELIiEB
anarchy, which had nourished the crim
inal. . .
BERLIN CHURCH
HAS SERVICES
Di ploma ts in Ge rnyqny (k rrjong
Mourners for the.Late
President. :.
BERLIN, Sept. 15.— The ¦ service /of
mourning for the death of President Mc-
Kinley held Jn the American church in
Berlin was very impressive. The edifice
was. heavily hung with crepe and crowd
ed with Germans," British and Americans
CLERGYMEN IN THE EAST
DENOUNCE THE ASSASSIN
Impressive Sermons fire Delivered by Promi
nent Pastors in Many of the Large Cities.
He was patriotic and when he died h»
was in the Una of duty. He was present at
a great national celebration, just where
We 8h ° uW "« pect the President of a f rel
people to be. He was in the place of duty
"ViT^f V * 8oMler ls *ho dies at the front
with his face to the foe. His home life was
an inspiration. His devotion to his wife
was tender and chivalrous. Toward her he
fe^me.™" "" WhUe fl0Wer ot * "aln-
One purpose should be firm in all our
hearts We should unitedly support Fresi
fetfi. Ro S» evelt - 2 -We .want no dwpotuSi.
R^«/v r .n dC \, We . de3lre «*«««. We believa
SSTu^m th°i m " to the Klnsdom for
At the First Baptist Church the Rev H
J. Vosburgh, the pastor, preached as fol
lows:
In considering the death of President Mc-
Klnley we should endeavor to face the prob
!> enj vJ n J" 3 own tem Perate spirit. Without
doubt he was a man conspicuous for the
calmness and deliberation of his Judgment
Therefore urgent as the problem is that
confronts us in his death, deep and even
passionato as our feelings are. • we ¦ should
not "loosa wild tongues that have not God
Resol «e action rather . than in
temperate speech are demanded by the exw
gtneies of the present hour
President McKinley's character la a noble
bequest to his countrymen. His qualities
demand our respect and are worthy of emu
lat3^.i.» Hls . Ufe was aa "lustration of ths
possibility of young men rising to the high
est distinction who are aided only by their
wills and brains. "«»r
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh Lauds
the rjonored Dead From
Mis 'Pulpit. .
EULOGIZES THE
NOBLE PRESIDENT
Law is a schoolmaster to fit us to be fre«
and its present condition and character is a
measure of our present development in all
that goes to advance the welfare of the race.
Law in itself Is not opposed to liberty, but
is at once its child and its protector. In the
name of liberty the anarchists strike at free
dom, in the name of humanity they assail
mankind, in the name of love they apotheo
size hatred and let loose the hounds of hell
to produce the holiness of heaven.
Anarchists should be sent from all over
the world to an Island and be allowed to try
their experiments, but with no facilities for
reaching the mainland or returning to civili
zation. . - . . .
We might well pronounce eulogies upon
our departed ruler and friend. He was a
good. true, honest, unselfish man who had
worthily filled a great variety of important
public positions. But this is not so much the
murder of William McKlnley as the at
tempted assassination of a nation. The vil
lain's pistol-crack on- this continental holi
day, surrounded by the- triumphs of human
genius, heard by representatives of almost
every people on the globe, was a shot at y^u
and me, our America and the freest govern,
ment on earth.
We are paralyzed with a sense of mystery.
"We know how the murders of Lincoln, and
Garfleld can be explained by natural causes,
but of this "murder most foul, strange and
unnatural" we fall to comprehend fully the
underlying: cause that armed and moved the
assassin who was so obscure and wrought
his dark deed so suddenly as to mak« it
seem almost impersonal.
Four months ago we welcomed to our
sunny land "McKlnley, the kindly,"' and
now we gather to cry, "Hall! and farewell!"
No. man fully knows the meaning: of this
strange bolt from the empyrean, and It is
too soon to speak with the profoundest wis
dom and yet it is Impossible for us to speak
of anythinz else. - -
At the First Unitarian Church the Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills preached this morn-
Ins. He said:
Rev. B. Fay Mills Believes
They Should Be Seot
to an Island. .
SHOULD ISOLATE
ALL ANARCHISTS
,,--fll ACIFIC GROVE. Sept. J5.—
TS" 5^SK Conference Sunday this jvar
P % was far from the i°y ful oc&x-
K jjj| I eion it usually is to members
p* ft<^^/ of the California Methodist
ga 3 Episcopal Conference, for the
nation's grief was heavy
upon all, and the personal grief of Bishop
McCabe, a lifelong friend of the deceased
President, made the bereavement seem
personal to all.
The morning services to-day were like
those at a funeral, fo-r throughout tha
lesson, songs and sermon one thought was
manifested and every part of the services
bore reference to the great man who la
gone.
Bishop McCabe was unable to preach on
account of deep emotion and Dr. E. Mc-
Clish, president of the University of the
Pacific, took his place. He spoke of •'Mc-
Kinley, Man and Statesman," and said;
"He lives now more than ever: his "hand
will be on ages to come as are the hands
of Washington and LincoLn. for the best
of him. the immortal part" that Jcannot- be
touched by the assassin's .bullet, is still
ours."
At the close of the sermon Bishop Mc-
Cabe arose and in a voice choked with
emotion* and tears streaming- down his
cheeks, asked the congregation to sing
with him the President's last words:
"Nearer. My God, to Thee."
This afternoon Bishop McCabe ordained
the following young men into the ministry
of the Methodist Eplscopa? church: Elders
John J. Pardee. H. W. Baker, E. B. Win
ning, H. E. Milnes. Robertson Burley,
Yoshi Suke Sacon. Chan Lok Chang: Dea
cons, Hugh Baker, Amen Jung, James L.
Case. John M. Robinson, C. M. Warner, J.
U. Simmons, Charles O.- Oxnam. The
bishop also consecrated the following dea
connesses: Mrs. Mary A. "Wldeman. Miss
Ada L,. Applegate. Miss Lena B. Gray.
The conference held a memorial service
for the late President this afternoon. As
sembly Hall was packed to the doors with
sorrowing people and the absence of color
In dress was very marked. A large picture
of President McKlnley. draped In black
and surrounded by flaes. hune over the
platform, where it will remain till after
the funeral on Thursday, and white flow
ers decorated the chancel. The service
opened with the singing of "Thy Will Be
Done," after which the Rev. W. C. Evans
of Stockton, chaplain of the Ohio Society
of California and a long personal friend of
President McKinley, delivered the eulogy.
Dr. Evans said:
America to-day sits and weeps at the bier
of her best loved eon of this generation. For
the third time within the memory of living
men our nation is called on to mourn the pass
ing of a chief executive suddenly cu.t oft in the
midst of a life of usefulness by an assassin's
hand. Yet as we sorrow as a nation, we are
not alone. The nations of the earth sorrow
•with us and mingle their tears with ours for
our great leader, William McKinley. ¦
For his assassin I have no words of un
brotherllness to-day, as he sits in a prison
cell, the object of wrath. But for those who
inflamed his poor weak brain with their awful
teachings, for the school of anarchy of which
he Is but the logical outcome, I have nothing
but denunciation and detestation, and I pray
God that the time will soon come when our
State and national legislation will be so strin
gent in its provision against this monstrous
evil as to stamp it out from among us forever.
The people of Novato and vicinity to-day
attended union services In Scott's Hall in
memory of President McKinley. There
were singing 1 and addresses. The Rev.
Father Byrne and the Rev. , G. B. Allen
spoke. The .services were conducted by
the Rev. E. R. Piepenburc.
SAX DIEGO, Sept. 15.— Services In all
of the churches to-day were character
ized by solemnity and in all of them ref
erence was made to the death of President
McKinley and in all prayers were offered
for Mrs. McKlnley. In view of the fact
that President Roosevelt has requested
that public services be hejd on Thursday
and because of an expressed desire that
the service be a union service. Mayor
Frary has called a meeting of the minis
ters of the city, to be held in his office to
morrow morning. It is probable that the
meeting- of ministers will arrange for a
meeting on Thursday.
WOODLAND. Sept. 15.— The Christian
Church was crowded this evening by
members of all churches who wished to
participate in the memorial services held
In honor of the late President McKlnley.
There was prayer, scripture reading and
appropriate song service. The speakers
and their themes are as follows: "Our
I>ead President as a Patriot," H. L.
Matthews: "Our Dead President as a
Christian." W. E. M. Stewart; "Our Dead
President as a Martyr." W. F. Fleenor;
"Our President and the Peojle," J. J.
Morgan.
The Jewish new year Is a cycle la time
and all that happens and all that Is to hap- ;
pen within its limits is ordained. Whether
by ¦word, by lire or by death, whatever
the calamities are, they are all ordained.
The greatest of all calamities that have
visited this nation was the assassination of
President McKlnley. This sorrow was or
dained. . . "j
voted almost exclusively to
the Jewish New Year, Its traditions and
its meaning. His one reference to tha
dead President occurred shortly before
the close of hla address and was as fol
lows: '
j j^ ABBI JACOB V00RSAN-
H^T^W GER delivered the sermon
H " -J yesterday morning: at . the
!P£ Congregation Beth Israel,
f| g| over which Rabbi Levy pre
sides. His sermon was de-
fit Pacific Grove
Rev. Dr. EVqqs
Preaches.
Large Audience
Listens to Dr.
Neely.
Bishop Uoable to
Deliver His
Sermon,
F^abbi Voorsan
ger's Strong
Words.
SORROW
COMPELS
SILENCE
NATION'S
GRIEF IS
DECREED
Praise of Dead President Eloquently
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1901
4TN all the churches yesterday
solemn services were held in
LOCAL. MINISTERS WHO ELOQUENT
LY, EULOGIZE THE GREAT LEADER
WHOSE VOICE IS STILLED IN
DEATH.
/*\ N ', Thursday next ser~
1 [{j/'*t'iccrwtl\ be held in
. . churches of many de
, nominations. A solemn high
mass will be celebrated at
the cathedral and it is ex
¦ peeled, that the Archbishop
will speak. Bells will sol
emnly toll all over the city.
BELLS WILL
TOLL ON DAY
OF FUNERAL
WHILE \we deplore ihat Judns-llke deed Which ha* thrown the .pnll of grlet, otcr the nation,
let nn hope .that good may come ot It."— Rev. P.' J. Moran. . ' •. • "
"We do not .want Itbcrtr thrtt permltn men to shoot down men/ 1 — Hev, \V. E. Dasan.
"We lmve been^too tolerant of -annrclilBtB." — Rev. E.. Nelander. .."'•
"It Wr.s his Christian charnctcr that enabled .him to meet denth irlth .fortitude/'—- Kcv.
Philip : Coombe.. ' ¦ ¦ , '¦ • < '¦ •' . ' . . '.\. ". . • '
"The greatest of nil calamltlei that hnve visited the nation .warn _the anaasslnatlon of President
aicKinlej-. ¦ Tltln Trad ordained."— Itabbi VoornaiiRer. : .' ' ¦ _--\ . . .-. v \ -. ' . - i ;.^'- ; ¦,
' "HIh lvords. and works remain as the. denthlcBs inheritance of his beloved people/'— IIct. William
EXPRESSIONS FROM PULPIT.
Death Mask of President'3 Facs.
x BUFFALO. Sept. 15.— A death mask oi
the- President's face was .made at 7:2(
L'm. ¦ The mask was taken by Edpuard-
A. Pausch of Hartford, Conn- -PWusct
has modeled the features of many of the
best known men who have died in this,
country. The. mask is a faithful repro
duction of . the Jute .Prss5l.de.rA JdcKimey'*,
.feature , .
The coterie of local anarchists known a?
the Independent Eebating Society wa3 tr
have held a meeting In Pythian Castle
yesterday afternoon at i. o'clock. After
the exposure of their anarchistic senti
ments at the meeting the previous Sun
day they -were notified • that no t urthei
meetings of the society would be permit
ted at the Pythian Castle after yesterda>
afternoon. Captain Seymour detailed flv«
detectives to go t« the meeting: with In
structions to deal vigorously with the an
archists if they gave utterance to senti
ments similar to tho3e at' the previous
meeting. The detectives waited around
for two or three hours, but their service?
were not required, as no one appeared.
Watching Local Anarchists.
M«Tnli«T!* of the Onirul Army of the Re
public. Sona ut Vetcranrt und kindred or
gMiilzatlonM itttendrd thfl meinorlul i«r
vIi'om which were held trla morninc at th«
KlMt EnglHli Iauheran Church, the Rev
William Kelly oindatlntf.
At the North Temescnl Presbytsrlar
Church the Hev. James Curry, a vettrar
ot tho Civil AVar, conducted memorial «er
vlce^ thin evening and nreached vn tbi
death of President McKinley.
"Thy Will Be Done" whs the subject oi
the sermon on the late President's deatt
preached to-day by the Rev. Paul Stew
art, pastor ot the the United Preabyterlar
Church.
Memorial services were held this even-
Ing by the Re*. Dwlght E. Potter at thf
Union Street Presbyterian Church. . .
At-the Tenth Avenue Baptist Cburct
the Rev. C. M. Hill gave an address and
conducted special memorial services.
Special services will be held on Thurs
day In all of the Roman Catholic churcbe?
In memory of the late President. This 1>
In accordance with the instructions o)
Archblshcp Riordan.
Veterans Attend Serricet.
"[*«ifnns t>mwn Prom ths Assmslni*.
il'iii of Our I'tral'l'Tit" wan tha subject »(
tho itnv. J, W. Phillip*' (liwmrtfs ut th*
Miti'iiinl •'uiiumutiiliiMMl «'hiircti,
Th < Itnv. Alfred tltt/ley, pattur »f th*
Iroiirlh c'otiirrA8Mt|r»rwl Church, i-oriduetru,
memorial' MmcM IHI# #v«nlrii. lii»
m.iniiiia scrniftfi w«« on the snbj«ff, "Th*
Comfort »f Ooil In th<* Nation's 'Irnulil*
At I'llRrlni • ''<tiKrrmiti.in.il Church ttt*
Iti.v. Iliiyiinmil •'. MronkM pr«nchQr) Milt
nv",iin« on "Tim I'l'iiiM of ihn Frv«luent.'
A nmmorliil N«rv|f««, IH by th* IUv, It
ll. Mowlifny wmm h»lil thin tiioruitiK ni
tho Krultviilo i'nhKr««K!iHoii»ii <;hnp«l.
The Kev. J. C. SVonifi), imitor et An
bury MflthmlUt c'htirfh. km* m (llncoufHt
thin •'vr-nlna on "Thp Nation s Morrow."
"The I'reHldint'B Druth" wuh the nubjaci
of the ftev. WHHnm Cumon Hhiw'«« Mr*
tnnii during the «ervlcr*fl thin morning a*
thu Church ot the Advent.
Ministers Address Congrega
tions on Nation's Ec
' reavement.
WORDS OF SORROW'%
FROM MANY PULPITS
From lil» Ohio home he started
for Washington with the con
flrratoJatloBH of hi» neighbor*.
Amid tbe tolling of bella and the
booming of minute gnns hl»
Mllmt form will more back to
thlsj bome. To Ohio— mother
of' Presidents— we return the
mortal eaaket whleh once bold
this priceless Jerrel. To Ohio th«*
nnlon of States wends grateful
acknowledgments. Hut re.meinf
her* ye cltlsena of that grand old
commonwealth, that he Is onra
as well ns yours. We return hi*
ashes with love itnd tears, gnard
them well, for when the last
trumpet shall ¦oiimi no nobler
spirit will appear than his.
We have been too tolerant of anarchist*.
OuP national fault is our good, easy endur
ance of elements that are poisoning: our
life blood. We endure political corruption,
the exactions of oppressive corporations
and we endure the mouthings of red an
archists. For this brotd toleration, our
pardoning by a State executive of convicted
anarchist murderem, the unrestrained free
dom of speech and vile caricature we hav*
been rewarded by th* lnnux of tho»e whi»
believe in doing only that which la rlsht in
their own eyes. In the robes of death «ur
martyred President ta rooro potent than in
the garb of life. The crown of eatthty
fame, the better crown of fadelens lov» be
longs to him. In time* to com* hi* ex
ample will be recalled to inclt* youth: hi*
word* will be repeated to inspire loyal
citizenship; his domestic ¦ tenderneM ami
love will pas* into song and itory; hw rev
erent mind will be portrayed to teach th*
ungodly * serlou* les*on. Lo«t to vur na
tional council* I* the wladom of a great
xoul, but he will seem to guide us ntlll.
Over our mighty land will the legacy of
his llf« extend and aid us all to higher
life.
Th<» Hebrew lawgiver saw the promised
land from the heights of IMsgah. but he .
was not to enter therein. It is singular
how frequently something like this hap
pens to shapera of human history. They
have a vision of great things to come for
their nation, things toward which thay
themselves have wrought, but their feet
stop on the threshold. The day before
President McKinley waa stricken he had
told the nation something of what he had
seen on his mount of vision as he took a
wider outlook, and then came the doom.
Hucb sacrifices cannot be wholly In vain.
Somehow rtiings must work out blessing
for the nation. Let this nation ponder well
that President McKinley waa shot, not
because of personal enmity, but solely be
cause he waa the embodiment of law anii
authority. - .
mindful of the solemnly
of the occasion. When the services be
gan there was not a seat to be had, am
many of the late comers were compelled
to stand during the ceremonies.
The ohancel was draped in black and
white, with a large picture o£ the lat«
President, around which was draped s
black-bordered American flag. The choir
in addition to the programme of sacred
music, rendered the favorite hymns of th«
late chief executive of the nation—"Near
er, lly God. to Thee" and "Lead. Klndl>
Light."
The Rev. E. Nelander, pastor of tht
church, delivered the sermon. He chose
for his- text Deuteronomy, 34:4: "I nav€
caused thee to see it with thine eyes, bu
thou shalt not enter therein." In part ht
said:
mEMOrtlAL lervtcca werf
held In the Flrat Engllir
Lutheran Church yester
day mornlnsr. The con
gregation that filled th.
sacred edifice was dub
Exarople Will In
cite Youtb iQ
Future. •
Pastor NelaQder
Discourses on
Martyr. .
CROWN
OF LOVE
IS HIS
NANAIMO. ,B. C, 15/^-The Ameri
can : colony, . the Mayor and | civic officials
and many representative ci tizens attended
the memorial; service at St. Paul's thi3
e\-ening. .The rector preached a most Im
pressive sermon." The singing of "Nearer,
My God;' to .Thee," by' tHc choir: moved
some of the large congregation to tears.
¦ "Lessons j From -the Life , and \ Death of
Presidenfr-William ; McKinley'' 'was i.the
subject of an eloquent discourse, delivered
last TeVefling by .the Rev. _ E. ' A. ; Wo6ds.'
pastor i'of the . First Baptist iCnurch" In
part he-said:' > > -.;-¦ •
ilrJMoKlnJey.was known. as a Christian
Vaqucros roping cattle, savages dancing,
children at play— there Is no limit to! the
treasures of pleasant associations that
one may store up in a perfect form by
merely pressing a button in one of our
latest Premo, Poco or Eastman cameras.
Eanbora, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
Battleship Bombarding,
; BUFFALO.' Sept 14.— It was decided not
to lay, out the body of the ¦ President to
, night and . it- Remained, throughout the
night in tho upper^ cha mt er where death
had occurred: A detail, of. non-commis
sioned officers from the: Marine Hospital
Corps was • assigned to : remain with the
corpse i throughout | the • night | and the
•watches were . divided sio that two men
were ; always on guard, i To-morrow the
body will be. committed tk> 'the 'casket. Up
to this tiircno one outride. of those.en
gaged in the autopt y antt the care- of tho
body . have lookeu upon .1h«. tace. ibI thA
dead", chief tain. ¦, *
Msrincs Guard tho Body.
It I was his C'-irlstian I character, that' en
abled . him to meet- death with fortitude,
resignation and peace, and •" It in thin that
has siven >to him. an abundant entrance
Into I the everlasting kingdom of our Lord
and Savior Jesus Christ. ' • . . r
upon and which attracted the children to
him everywhere. - ¦..'-¦-:¦: - ¦
gradually undermines whatever religion
may possess and brings as a consequence
; the degradation of man to the , level of a
machine that is ¦ valuable : only as long as ¦
it can be worked, or. worse still, degrades,
man to the level of the brute that is hunted ;
to the death by his passions. Evidence of
this degradation we find In the crimes that '
of late so frequently, shocked society and
strike at its very foundations. '. .-.
The speaker, then read the" letter of sor
row issued by the archbishop and then In
vited all ta attend the services oh Thurs
daynext. • • •: , - . V -V'
Many a man who is rich In expedient is
poor in pockeL '
IREVIEWiS THE; LIFE
sOF-TME STATESMAN
tlves of all good men ' and which is laying
the basis for the reign- of anarchy.
In the. future, looking back, we .shall see
three mountain peak*; <m« cl th<y*» f.t Vlt
William McKinley, .President of the
United States, still lives! ' A miserable,
cowardly assassin destroyed his body, but
his »oul goes marching on! We grieve that
he has been taken from us, but .we thank'
God for his life. We, the American' people,
stand in the presence . of a great tragedy,
indignant, humiliated, sorrowful; but with
happy memories; and the nations of ths
world bow their heads in sympathy with
Columbia's irrlef. All men gave him honor:
these who knew him well gave him love.
Nowtwe think of the frail wife, so tenderly
Ioviid. so carefully watched over and pro
tected. We think of her living: on alone,'
her strong support taken away. Our hearts
go out in . sympathy beyond anything our
poor words can tell, to that - devoted wife
whose life seems now all lifeless to her.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt; pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, delivered a ser
mon yesterday morning on ."The Curse of
the Calf." In the course of which he paid
Bome beautiful tributes to the martyred
President. In part he said:
¦ Virtues of .tf.c-
Rev. Dr. Leavitt Extols the
A cre«t national calamity, with certain
features about It which furnished abundant
material (or national mortification, lias
brought during the last v.eek seventy mil
lions of people to their V.ne.e.fi. This week
hes b*en" an era of tender sympathy and
tarneet prayer, which will always remain
in our annals. It lias wrung from many lips
long-forgotten words of prayer. It has
strengthened the national conviction In the
existence of e. persona! God.
Th«sre has be*n a widespread sympathy,
accompanied by tributes of praise for th»
dead President, from the most unexpected
quarters. But there has been, more than
p ymrathy. Individual and national sympathy
h8« expressed Itself In prayer. This- has
arisen from no feellnir of panic. Peoples of
An^Io-Saxon origin do not readily lend
themselves to panic. The natural result of
a tender sympathy for the President was
to believe in God's sympathy.
The mornlne rervlces at Rt. Paul's Epis
copal Church -were In memory of the late
President. The sermon was preached by
the Rer. Robert Ritchie, who said: • .
Sorrow brings Prayer.
PRESIDENT DIES,
BUT SOUL LIVES
Thld tuition nifiiirtm to.tiUht livmiiii* ll«
( lil'f i-npiiitlvi' Hca Hi" victim of t!i» mimiik
»ill'« M'H'lly Illlllll, 'III" HIMIIi'lllHl I'lllllllN Hi
Ii* n '!i.iinllM whu *i"-k* in tirlnf iiuIv'MimI
rqiinlily ut ttifit, ii (iiiidltlnii wh«ro no mnn
Khali I." Biii.jn t to Any nthf-r. Thin I* M*hI
w«ie mt-ii universally Kixid, Imt f<i Ioiik t\n
tn-ii Imvr |i«M|nn« and nr« uihIt th? |inwer
«f anlttml nntutPK thr>y numt lmvi» ruler*.
The only 'tuition I* whether thn ruler Khali
rule by law ami Ju«tlce- nr by the blnody
knlf»« of th» Mni>MSKln iind hln,i>ullet acrcecli-
ItiK with the bllterners of hell.
W« <1o not >vtuH n lihrrly Mini
ncrnilln mnn tn »l>mil iiowu turn,
Iml >i lllt«Tl.v (lint |ir<i<>M*lH life
nml tilt* xlruuuli- for phicmm-kb.
Annrctiy iiroiicri? (Icflnotl li
flitfii < Hell let looitf."
Anarchy Is extrrme egollgm! It worship's
aetf. Its temple In malic*; Its sod, self; its
i'.lblc. iiiFantty ; Its 'music, dying moans of
bloody v.ctiins. It makes each man's pas-
Flons the mpreme law of llf». There Is
liut one way to deal with It. We must give
anarchlfls to know that th»y cannot com
mit crime in the name of liberty. We must
make it a crime to publish literature that
Incitrg men to kill. We must do this first
through l*w and then through the truth of
tJed, rul.nc in their hearts.
/ffgfmmzj Ml' n«v. W, l*, Imikihi nf I tut
r y fm r r Ht«?wflrt M^morlitl Church Imiu
(I I nlfflit delivered n ntlrrlnu nnr>
'^Sb-L^ iii'io on Hi" iiwcnwwliuiiliiii of
Vrcn\<\pui McKinley/ Jn |mrt
li" mil'i:
lixfcliniliiw, mm at the mldilK m\» hi Mm
HUM nf i hU v/ond«iYul ( i «ntiiry«Wft*iiin«.
loll, Miii'iilii, Mi'Miil^y, fllir I'lrriliiniK whk
it «rn,ii tiuiii In nn niiiiMii.il wiiy, 111m id nn.
Ill UK WMH Hill Ilin KIMilll'.XN lit «"lllll>r, I, Hi
Oik nixiiliifMN nf th« iill-imiinl mui>, II,.
I. |il fir, ,1^,1 ||| Mil rullllll n»i|rt wil)' (ill! r|,w
hit lil» Of Illi'l, Kimil Jl|il«nif|ll, IJ.iihI drum.,
Ml*. , Mil* full iIxiiIIhv, kindly i'miiii<ny, iwr>
f"»t muliililllly, .(.iliniiiiln {irlvnto ulmmu<
t»r mid r*Ninii|*>,
ARCHBISHOP'S
LETTER. IS %E AD
The sin of the world to-day In the desecra
tion of the Sabbath by commercialism car
ried on a» other days during the week. In
our workaday life the cnrmtlan Sunday ia
I'ractJcally the only embodiment we have
of the Idea of the accountability of the
supreme being.
The preservation of religion depends upon
the observance of the Christian Sunday and
the- dcEecration of the Christian Sunday
U^v, J. D. HannlRsn delivered the ser
mon nt tha 1 10:30 o'clock muss In St. Mary's
Cnthftdral yesterday. HIm subject was
"Tho Observance of the Sabbath Duy."
In part he. said: .
R?v. J. P, Haonlflai)Pr«acbe» at
St. Mary's Cathc-'
dral.
LESSONS FROM
Mc^lNLEY'S L'FE
Rev. Pr)Hlp Ccomb-; Points
Out the Virtues of Late
, PrcsldeQt.
Thfl l»Ht words uttered by th« Into Vren
lilnul wmn lir« 'I IIH lln< It-.VI (if II Hi'lllMill
dflifvflri'd Ifipt itvtinliiK liy ih« ll«v. VMUv
(,'nnmbd, n«»lor of tlit» Hldliniiiinl (Jongvh*
J'.llllillllll f'lMIII'll, III IDII'I llM Hill'li
Ill .in m-rvlrti I III* iiiuililnu W0 •¦..r.dlil.
nn\ |ii« Mmiltli'iitH'x of IVPHliKlit Mi'Klic
Ixy'n Ihxi wnniK, TiMnlelit I winm in '%-,
tt'rifi fur. you unit for niyn#lf minin -iMnuna
friHii hi* nn\t\n llfn. •
It In M lilcdwil lirlvllpjka In li*«lll llfn n«
li" lif-ijiiii ii, with ii < 'in ¦¦•in ii ituitliftr. 'I'll"
luJredHnry «ml nocliil Ifif1in»iu'<' thtio reetlvM
kiivp In WIIIIiiiii M<>IC liilf.v Hi" I rii«- fnuiiilii
llOII ffii' IllN aploil'llli illnii'^lll'ill, It WAN hid
own i ¦liHfin'ifr IIhim iui|iilir.ii Mini f>tavtunl
him to Oi" finfclt dm whii'ii he oi'eunleil nn
¦ Mt» nf mil- firmiirKi I'lTHlilentK. that iiimlo
hint !"¦ i duty (1r«l •unl charni'tM 1 mIhivm
fviyiiiliiK. It WAi HiIm tltiit iniik him Into
the Army ntwl W him In r.'«1< til* llf« with
out <iii1pi-b III ffi'illii'4 IiIm v/niry And tiim
lulilut; ciiniuil''.". It won hi* «'lirlmlnt.
cliiirni'iiT that made him prlxe hlM rlHsen
uhlp, that tfnve to him IiIm Invf for hi*
country mid (.'uuntryttitn,' that led him us
a Inwycr to untlrrtHkn the rune of u nutiiher
nf Httiklntt mlnns In n nult ntnlnct the
nilneownern, • and u) succpfgfully thatb3
mnde one of the owner*, Mhivup llnnnn, hlM
enemy At first, but his friend finally, whew
he knew that McKinley took the utaml thot
he did and made the nlcn th.at he did It
without pay and nlmply from, a sense of
duly.
It was. his Christian character that made
htm recotrnlze the manhood In the Ameri
can worklnsman and that grave him his
popularity among all clause* and with the
BOldlciB of both North and South, that har
almost obliterated the sectional rr»lrlt. It
war this that made him the kind, faithful
huBband and that : gave him his beautiful
countenance, which we all -loved, to look
Here Is a man who won hla way step«by
Ktep from the ranks of common life to the
highest :!>ositicn u man can occupy in this
world. 1 do not mean merely that he won
hi3 way to the President's chair— that was
a. treat thine— but he. was ¦ more than a
mere occuDant of an exalted position. He
.was a man who adorned his high office,
and tjraat as it was. he'eonferred as much
honor upon it as it conferred upon him. It
was said of Dora "Pedro of Brazil that he
rose- above" the accident -of EmDeror and
was a m:in. So William McKlnlev was
nu.re than President*— !:e was that noblest
thins rh earth, a man. full-rounded, itreat
and: true. . The elory of This life was not
that from hfs early manhood he was stead
ily called to positions of higher and higher
Tank until he reached the highest, but that
he rang true whenever the. occasion struck.
over this land, but clao In the palaces of
Kings, Emij«-rors, President* and Viceroys
s>nd iioinea of mlddle-claisss' and peasants
around the world thers l.« tenulne mourn
1ns to-nlsht? The world sees and feels
Mom'ethlng In this death that marks It off
from . every ; other death that has occurred
among- men for many a day.
- Why In It that to-day flags lire at half
mest over all Christendom?/ Why Is It that
not only in all homen of rich and poor all
Rev. V. -II. Chcrlngton. t>. D.,' pastor of
Plymouth ConKrrKutlonal Church, apoke
as follows on the Inte President yester
tlny:
Minister Says he Brought
Konor to the Prcsl-'
v dcQtlai Clpclr.
McKINLEYflS GREAT
AS HIS POSITION
fUBfi lf» nerved Ooil In »«rvln« hm eoun
try. ll» r«ii«nli(«ii| liU own r»»pfiti»IUIIUy
In (toil. Hftil in imlillc tin I |)rlV4i« ltf« h«
iwtwrni hiii imiiMi. 1 1* ,m\ rnt ha livid,
. I'l.winw to Hi" i,n nl'M will i.ml f#Mrln« nu
fvjl, In i.iii cr«*« luilniiiil n.irrnw w« lira
I'd to liMiulin |{ inn nnhlrt nir n who ««ry»
fiilf cniiiiliy «r> fMlthfulty lira nut wmtliy
n f mi/if icpjiri't unit li'iimr Dm ii mik »\vtn
lh#m, We hfiri'ir iiiim«Ivh» wIi«m wh hnnnr
Ihii iifflierN nf «ur U.iv-Miinxiii, W« iltKrAil*
i.HMtf'IViN WllPII Wi> ll«(il llirin With llllir*'
W'-'H, U nlltllll llol III I." IHiPMlliln III.) n
l'l»>*l'lilil tfiiihl /iml tl'llrt, fMlllirill mill I'lili.
MI<lflltllll|M, ntllttl III lid nci'imnt III til" |H||, ||, (
lil-Kil (if lirllm III.' Imil MIKl ¦MVillll (if IIiiko
who would criiNli Dm \«>i\r nml in* nti«
|irfM«i|i Nil nun tiillflV"! (hl» of McKlnl«y,
(lilt in tllllN |m|ii^»miI him I'V I'lrluroK Mini
iiilln.iim, to InfttitiiM lli» inlnilH nf Hi" If.
ti'-niiil mm. I Hi- flvll'illapoMil In an nfTtnM
MB«lii«i kiimiI tmt<! iiml iimmliiy,
Rev. W. E. Dugao Preaches an Able Sern>on
Against Lawlessness In Community.
PASTOR SAYS ANARCHY
IS "HELL LET LOOSE"
Rev. P. J. Moran, C. S. P, Deplores tbe flct
Tbat Had. Caused Nation's Grief.
J^a^j HI* nov. l'«fr J. Mnirtn
' / T prpacliert the Bsrmori Ht th«
/ 1 II d'Hoi'U mum* in Ht, Afury'ri
\j (PnnllNt) Ohunth ytuHardiiy
moniln«r, M<S took IiIn i^xt
from fl(, Pflul, "het flVfity mull
he'mihJoQt to hlaliar power, fur
there in no power but from ilod." Ju p«rt
ll" Hll'il!
Nt. I'nlli I.H'W full «V«tl lh» VMtll* ht iil><»
.Id in r, H* hmt l"»n N ItniiiiiM an|i||«r, Mini
Ilka tll« pnl'VHIlt iif H i '"lit in tn ii rii hi" iiml
w»nl nt Ih* will of lil«f mnm*i'. fraln«il
HH ll" WNM III III" «''ll"i'l fit HlllMill«ilnM h'<
nniiffoldti'ii tlm mpm f»f ifivtriin^fit mid
Hi" i.Mfri'l iilmil|i"iii'»> to wlili'h It WAN rn.
tltloil wlifiii iiiwrnlly tiinillliit'il. Wli»n li«
nti'lrcM** thrxM wnr'l« l» tti# Uonmng li* In
tiot «prnklii» with ¦ wnrrfljr wlirtoni. "l»
wni'iln liuvo wflflit, mil tiPi'HUM of liiiiiiiui
njii^i-iPiH'", it" I* tttit M"Mt<lii* m Nn nflk*
linimil fiiliilxr of llnmiitt IxiiU'ii*. Iml hk a
tf-f «nd nnolnteil fhleflaln nf Iht army of
Jpiui Uhrliti
Thfl Hpenkor cjcpinlncd the uource of
«uthorlty, whloli ho Bntd J» from Orfd, Mint
the relation* of the Btnte to the Inrilvldunl
nnd the Inrllvl'Jttnl to the state. Continu
ing ho rn Id: ¦
tinlcoH Bovcriimrnt In founded In reilalon
•thB riirlmlnn man cnntint h« th« perfect
'cltiasen. The thuivit declarer that the fun
damental iirlr.cipl* of frovprnment l» that
¦ rlpht 1» wui'erior to mlifht, and mlaht may
oxitt. but only ni the nrmor«of rlaht.
While we deplore that/ Judawltke d«e<l
wh'ch hns thrown the nail of grief over tho
nation, let tis hope that *ocd mny rome of
It. I'crhapB one mnn dies th»t a nation may
not perish. May It open otir eyen to our
¦ dnnir^r and see the anarchistic principle*
' which Be^m to b» (talnlnK way among ua,
and, . realUlns; the danger, let ui use- tin
remfdy. -And the danirer seems to lie here.
It Ik because of the lterature of the iUy
''.•which Ftrlkei povcrnment Into contempt ami
rulers into acorn— which impugns the mo-
KILLING OF PRESIDENT
WAS A JUDAS-LIKE DEED
BERKELEY. Sept. 15.— The assassina
tion of President McKinley formed the
tlieme for the sermons in most of the
Uerkelcy churches to-day. The ministers
Kooke feelingly upon the grief of the na
tion.
Rev. R. L. Halsey. minister of the First
Hajitist Church, eaid:
Anarchy has received Its death blow.
Had the Pre-Bldfnl lived to the end of his
admlnlrtration he could not have wrought
more tnv it* destruction.
Yellow jo lining I miii imx lienrd
(lie verdict nf'tl* •iinilriiitin I lain.
There is tint hi lift- left Iml to Men
that It In i— rrl.-«l to It* burial
? |if.-illl> . Aunln, tlict strike.
•uittlii to r he it» death blow.
I will not >|eli| to mny in my r«--
M|tec*f for mini, tbe toller, for ha
««ho !¦ not flirt in not n man,
but fi rouuferfelt. It will bo n
dlMKrnee to both pnrtim in <!•••
hirlUc If Hi.) Mfnnd bealde the
open nri,\,- of our belo«-ed
I'rekldent rnd rrluoc to ¦••iili
thrlr dlfferetu'PK.
CzolgOSZ A JudAI, \
I'.f-v, Urn V. Hurs^nt, pniitor of the
North Rf-rkeley <'onBrrffnifon»l Church,
Midi
<'K0lr»ff «»y* fi« nwirriltt»><l thin 4«a4 »»••
• mi •¦»• Urn |..i..i thft ••¦iiitiK'ii im.,|,|A, fie, r,,,),t
'!.'• |.|!r|l* DlBt .•Iiw;»ri| Jr*ur. Mill |»t
Urn ijnm* "f 'V"ii-..r/, wlfti (hat nf Judnt,
"¦ n"ll' I *hn|i|, .1 WHUrn M ,Mli nli'1 Hill
"..n K» down I-. In-llnr infamy nt»1 dl«>
Anarchism !¦ Athelem.
flcv, A. M. KUIoti, itilnlMir of <li* K!r«l
l'r#*l»yirTl«n < "htir« li. ruld In fwrt;
What fnri-m lm* rn. >,hmiupi| th* *|ilrlt of
1"<* !f."K i -, Ufltllllllw) I lie litltnl (if Illllllie
"i 'I Slvru |.l n In Mi* I. .ill «if fimidfi 7 'Hi*
i "i riifiirK ffciii all *M**, "AtiMi dilriji "
Anftf'hlrrH I- mh«l«tti, Tli« «»MMlM*(|nn
>•• IVd.lnil M.-Miil<v •.!<< 11M l>« m wmn
ins «<• *'ur nation nf tut- pii f.i -iii-b of «r»
UlttlifM Ml;. 'mm Mini ni.iu.li)
Advises Cool Judgment.
At th* Vnrk <"injrrrK»if lonnl Church ihn
fiflpe- firnilriB 1 li*- drroratlon w«» uttal
Jn nn EutUru dmrch «t mrmorUI "cr
tiCM of both Llnroln and (inrflflrt. Hcv.
W, 1!. Scuddcr. thf minlftfr, ««l«1:
Th'f* I* nrpti of i>'tf-contrnl and c«fi1
}\i<lttnrnt, \eH «li» Imputt.Pd ftlrrltift Ht «urh
n rational nutrajt? t»nr mni nverlMij) th*
lK>und» of JiifII''* mi'l niilpf. t^t n« tnV"
rrfuito In ihe •¦nn«ir»|nn that evil hit* d»
¦r,iif.i ii«'ir in Ita "nrlaiicht ni;nln»t ruch
o rharncter «* I'rmldMit McKinley'*. An*
nrrhy It a tlioupand foid wejiltrr for thin «>x
hthltlm or It* ir«» nstuie; it Ik mortaily
wounded hy th» bdittm flr»d Into th«i r»p
rCF^ntatJv<> of I'nitfd Kt»t*?s ftovpr^lsrtily.
Who Arc Anarchists? (
Rev. F. H. Rohirsan. ras'or of th<»
M>6tminist*r Presbyterian Church, said
in part:
Thref times nnw have vn been deprived
•«f cur Prcsidpnt by nn assaM'n's hand, yrt
we are called a Chrlftlsn nation. Unrest
and disorder seem to abound. Anarchy in
creases in power. But thrre is a form of
anarchy which *s n-orse than that which
rtrikeB down a nation's leader. All who
disregard law. even tn little thine?, are an
archists. All who evade the enforcement of
law are anarchists.
EerKelsy Divines Declare
Against Godless Law
lessness. •
ANARCHY'S END
IS SIGNALED
After a week of watchinc the tolling bells
tell us the President Is dftd. We say of
him what Secretary SUinton eald of Lin
coln: "Now he belongs to the ages." We
cannot withstand death. Human sympathy,
medical Fktll and the united prayers of the
nation are futile. As well try to etay the
waves of the seas or the reddening of the
morning sky.
The beautiful loyalty to his home and
his fidelity. to his wif#, furnish an example
jvhieh is an inspiration to the whole world.
As President he reached the summit of
national confidence and renown. While his
spirit fills the Presidential chair the nation
Is secure.
Among the lessons we learn is that the
President's death does not retard the Gov
ernment from moving on. The people are
the Government, and while there are peo
ple there will be government.
We must not forget the causes of this
¦orraw. even while we mourn. We must
never forget them. Tragedies gather and
form like storms. The nation is terrible
with wrath.
Re«ponKlbtIitjr 1* being: placed
wrltere It belongs. The national
tlianderbolt In *nre to Mrlko.
Terrible will be Its pnnishmeut.
Sot only anarch;-, bat the yellow
pre»« of America will be chat
tered Into pieces.
We cannot express our sorrow. Let the
great lakes chant his requiem. Let the
•jcean voice in the solemn thunder of the
waves, the people's sorrow. Let the forestm
lament ¦with deep lamentation. He has gone,
but still lives.
jA*~J) TANDING room was at a pre-
L A mium in the Third Consrepa-
tional Church last night. The
y attendance was so great that
«vcn the pastor of the church,
the Rev. William Rader. had
fome difficulty in reaching his
pulpit to. deliver the sermon of the day.
A huce American flag, bedecked in
mourning, hung over the platform.
Prayers were offered for Mrs. McKinley
ar,<l President RooseveJt and the nation.
The sastor was moved to tears by the
fervor of his own words and the congre
gation wept softly with him. He said In
Yellow PressWill
Be Shattered,
Says Pastor.
Dr. Rader Briogs
Tears by h|is
Fervor..
PRAYERS
FOR THE
NATION
Spoken from Thousands of Pulpits
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, S EFT EMBER 1 6, 1 90 1.
memory of the departed Presi
dent. Pastors, extolled his charac
ter and deeds and dzv'elt with sor
row on his untimely taking off: In
the Catholic churches the letter sent
out by his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan was read at every mass and
priests eulogised, the late head of
the nation. Prayers were offered
up for Mrs. McKinley and for the
nation.
5Something' appears to be -radically wrong with, the
local Board of Public' Works. For"; a! week 'at = least
it has" not made a. mistake. " ¦ '¦'. "." ¦'- ¦'. •
. SUMMER RATES: at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronadb- Beach.- Cal:.;eire.;tlve. after April 13:
$60 for ; round ¦ trip. ¦•. including 13 days . at hotel.
Faciflc : Coast S.'S.' Co., 4 New Montgomery »t.
It is said the French people arc paying much'less
Ettentionto the controversy with the Sultan than to
the approaching visit of the Czar. They are jingoes
enough to like war talk when there is nothing better,
to do, : but they like pageants, parades and pleasure
tr.iich better. : .v.' * ¦". ' : •,
The' ! -Democrats of Massachusetts .are" talking, of
.for Governor: a j man named -Gamaliel
Bradford, and it 'sounds is if they had" been robbing
a Puritan graveyard. . : .'¦' / . / . -.'^ „• ,
-' PATENT— Subscriber, -Vallejo.vCal. The
"proper^ proceedihgs r.tof secure;^ a : patent"
is tQ : engage a reliable patent ¦agent^. who
. will-- conduct " the^busliriess . f drj-yo'tt.^ • You
may make : the : application j personally, but
in ¦• so - doing/ if : your- invention', is ': avvalu
able5"one; you '.may -make r a :: mistake by
'reason : of the lack | of ' of the
Trnnde'^of procedure and '.expose" yourself
t« : the^ possibility ', of . having": some : sharper
: steal your: patent from you; * .-.
; Probably Governor' Gage thinks he" did
good? politics by appofnting- Dr. Lawlor to
succeed r Dr;Osborne : as| ! superintendent of
the- Home ; for Feeble-minded Children;
and so he did if the machine is to run the
politics- of :the> State in : the future as in
the v j?ast: " - ' ¦'¦ ¦: ¦ ; . •.-.". • .
San Joss 'Herald.
Machine *Runs Governor.
OLD '-. PAPER— L. A. • D. , ; City. - The .Te
ster County Gazette of , January: 4, 1800,
you have is a facrsimile of the original, a
l mlllibn'"c6pies "of "Which * were "-printed^- on
V'aged" paper, and sold at 25 cents apiece
about: thirty-five years 1 ago.:. '¦*:;
Special Information supplied daily tc
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Alont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104i , ¦:• •
. DYE— L. A. S.,' City. y. This "department
does not propose | to 'advertise ; the dye
named" iii you^ communication by a declar
ing that . it is" ''superior to all others.- 1 '
You are- at liberty to make the test on
your' own account., ,
A DIME OF 1S94— Subscriber, City.
There is no premium on a dime of 1S94
unless It is one coined in San Francisco.
Selling out best "eyeglasses, specs, 10c t
40c. Look out for SI Fourth, front of bar
ber and ' grocery. .. •
AN AUGUST D ATE— J. H. M. . Ci ty.
The ICth of 'August;- 1901, fell on a Friday.
"Nothing of^ the sort."
"Yes,; you are; every Fourth of July
now }-ou tell about how your folks used
to. have to cool -the watermelon In a tub
of pump ¦ water.'*— Chicago Record-Herald.
"Henry, you are getting 1 : old."
Cook (formerly of Boston)— Most assur
edly not, madam! Albeit, I believe I may
safely say the water Is in I which they
have been immersed.— Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. Housekeeper— Jane, are the eggs
boiling? .
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
There is; no telling to what depths the ' Hearst pa
pers will go. , Time and again they have reached'
some "point of degradation which the decent public;
believed to' be the. lowest possible, but always they
have . managed a little later to burrow lower still.
Probably they- hiay some day,.surprise us with sonie-.
thingvilcr than the "employment of a wife-murderer"
to try to bring about the boycott of a- business jival,
and -so we will not venture to say that Bowlan is
the basest of; their agents or that his scheme; is the'
worst the Examiner or the other Hearst papers can
do. : All that we can say! is that there> has never been
a" paper ! in- the past so vile as" to - serve 1 as ; a ¦¦ rrtodel in
this kind of trickery, not one now existing so cop
tcmptible as toseek to rival it, nor is it likely that'
degenerating ¦ anarchy through -years to .. come will
'ever • sink low enough to furnish it . with an
I Nothing' can surpass : one Hearst journal but itself ¦[
Of course the Labor Council did not adopt the
resolution, so the effort of. the agent. of the yellow
journal was done with no other effect. than that of.
bringing to light once moire his own criminal record,,
and revealing the underhand methods by which the
Examiner is" trying to gain' favor where it deserves
none and to injure legitimate journalism. . .
bers of the Hackmen's Union."
\~X J ITH its usual discrimination in the selec
\/\/. tion of agents to gratify its malice the-Ex
. V ,Y aminer set Janies Bowlan of the Hackmen's
Union to work. to get the Labor Council to boycott
The Callfor publishing the news of the day fully and
fairly. This Bowlan has no rightful place in any
union of. honest \vorkihgmen. He is a disgraced
politician, arid has a criminal record beginning with
a conviction for petty larceny, including a conviction
and sentence to twenty years'" imprisonment for the
murder .of .his wife, and now culminating 'in the em
ployment, of the Examiner. - '. ¦ '' .
By the influence of political bosses Bowian ob
tained a pardon after serving six years in the peniten
tiary, and is now free to serve the cause of yellow
journalism. H15. scheme for getting the Labor Coun
cil to declare a > boycott against The Call was worthy
of the journal thatvemployed him. He, together with
M. C. Coffey, president of the Hackmen's Union,
presented the boycott resolution to the council,* but
they did. so without. the consent or even the knowl
edge of the Hackmen's Union. " The members of the
union have, in fact, emphatically repudiated .the ac
tion" of Coffey* and the ex-convict by publishing a
card declaring: "We vigorously protest' against any
attempt on the part of M. C. Coffey anH James Bow
lan to declare a boycott against The Call or any other
paper. Their action in trying to. have" a resolution
passed condemning the policy of The Call is- silly in
the extreme and was not countenanced by the mem-
AN EXAMINER AGENT.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
. ' Thornycrof t has launched one- of three torpedo-boats built
for the British navy. She is of the class numbered from 98 to
109; \ nine "in all, of which five more are to be built. They are
knots during 103U hours, with an average" horsepower
of -7047 'and a coal .consumption of 1.97 pounds,' the speed being
17.6. knots. The Minerva made a run of 2640' knots during 147
hours— an average "speed ' of ~ 17.98' knots per hour— with 7007
horsepower and consuming coal at the rate of 2.06 pounds.
The maximum- power cf the Minerva was about 8700, while that
of the Hyacinth was : nearly 10,000 for two hours', and the" coal
used by the two ships on the return trip was 451 and 550 tons
respectively. The' radius of action based on the coal carried
and consumed is about 2030 miles for the Hyacinth and 3000
miles' for" the' " Minerva. The ships" are' indertticaVa's' to hulls,
but differ in engines and boilers, the Minerva being fitted with
the old-style Scotch boilers and the Hyacinth with Belleville
water-tube boilers. The failure of the latter was, chiefly due
to leaky joints, but serious complaint was also made over- the
Minerva's boilers. With the Belleville boiler out of the race
of competition as a steam generatorin "warships, the contest is
practically narrowed down to the Niclausse and. the Babcock
& "Wilson water-tube boilers. The former, which is of
French design, has had; a 1 good start of the American boiler
and has been introduced to the amount of 542,500 horsepower in
eleven, navies, partly as follows: ¦-. Twenty-four ships, 225,000
combined" horsepower,' In the 'PrencK'navy; Russia and' Eng
land,; 4 ships each; United "States,- 6- ships of- 106,900 horsepower,
and Italy, 3 ships of 47,000 horsepower. The ship3 in our navy
for which the Niclausse boiler has -been selected are the new
battleships ; Maine, Pennsylvania ; and Georgia; Charleston '¦ arid
Colorado, armored cruisers, and the monitor Nevada. It will
be •remembered that' the Spanish cruiser Colon, which made
such: a splendid run to escape capture at the fight off Santiago
.threei years ago,' was fitted" with- Niclausse boilers," and if the
engineer personnel had come up to the perfection of the ma
terial under its control "the Colon would undoubtedly have
escaped from ourshlps^ .
¦ .. / • ' • . • *
leading naval constructors and navy officers in this country
and I Tib road were' requested some time ago to express their
views as to. the six best battleship types. Among these naval
experts were Prince Henry/ of • Prussia, Grand Duke Alexander
bf:Russia, Captain -Mahan;- U.. S/ N.; Admiral J. O. Hopkins
and Chief Constructor William White of the British Navy, Sir
Charles Wilke, Rear Admiral Cervera and M.,Bertin, chief con
structor in the French navy. The vote ! of the ¦ majority . was
given to the Italian battleship .Vittoria -Emanuele and the N Jap
anese battleship 'Mikasa.'- The Italian ship is of 12,624 tons dis
placement and 22 -knots speed, and carries a battery- of two 12y
inch, twelve" S-inch and twelve 3-inch guns. The Mikasa is 15;2OO
tons displacement,. 18 knots, and .has a' battery of four 12-inch,
fourteen 6-inch and twenty 3-inch guns". The Italian ship was
onlybegun about a year ago, and will not be ready for service
within- four years.
X; N interesting detailed -report on the boiler trials of. the
/\: Minerva and Hyacinth during their voyage to Gibraltar
ArV" 1 and back to Portsmouth has' been made by the com
¦*¦ .*•'•¦ mittee. The distance run by the Hyacinth was 1810
Choice candies. Townsend'a, Palace Hotel*
• ; • ¦ •
- A French armored torpedo-boat named Trombe has made
a successful trial at a speed of 26.6 knots, exceeding the con
tract by six knots. She is one of seven boats oflike. dimen
sions, namely, 144!2 feet length. 13.2 feet beam, 10 feet draught
ar.d 152 tons displacement, with a horsepower of 4200, and will
cost about $205,000.
The Viper, wrecked during the recent British naval maneu
vers, is being destroyed by means of explosives. The hull waa,
evidently put together with the best material and eXcellerV 1
workmanship, as it has required 25C0 pounds of guncotton to
destroy the vessel so as to enable transportation of the rem
nants.. . <, .-.• .....
Navy building is progressing at a rapid rate in Germany,
three battleships having been launched within the last fifteen
months." . They, are all of the same type and size, namely 11,700
tons and 18 knots speed, and, have been named Wittelsbach.
itaehringen and Schwaben. A fourth, named Wettin, is fast
approaching the launching stage of completion.
Non-inflammable wood has been abandoned In the British
navy, as in pur navy. The new armored cruiser Cressy, placed
in commission last May, is the first British warship fitted with
th^s material, and during this brief period it has been found
that the chemicals in the wood have greatly injured the offi
cers' uniforms, especially the gold lace and buttons. The fact
that the wood thus prepared would prevent fire. from destroy
ing ship and lives, as was experienced on board the Spanish
ships ' off Santiago, is evidently second ii> importance to th©
preservation of the gold lace and gilded buttons of the officers*
uniforms. Similar reasons\are said to have prompted the dis
continuance of non-inflammable wood in our navy.
- • - • • ¦.
The corrected time and rounds of fire from the 13.4-lnch gun
on board the French coast defense ship Valmy at a recent trial
was four rounds in five minutes. The statement was first made
that five rounds were fired, 'but as the gun was loaded for the
first round, the actual rapidity is thus, reduced to four rounds,
or at the rate of one and a quarter minutes between fires. Tha
British battleship Royal Sovereign is credited with- six rotin&A
in twelve minutes, and the Empress of India with an Interval
between rounds of one minute and twenty-seven seconds, -while*
In the new battleships for our navy a rapidity of one and a
half minutes between fires is claimed to be sufficient for tha
12-inch guns.
160 feet by 17 feet, displacing 178 tons on a draught of 8.4 feet,
an<3 are. fitted with single screw engines of 2800 horsepower,
calculated to etve a speed of 25 knots with a load on trial of.
forty tons. There is' a marked difference between ther recent
designs of French and British torpedo-boats, the former, al
though smaller, having considerably greater draught and
therefore likely to be better sea boats. The French boats ar»
also fitted with twin screws, giving better maneuvering: quali
ties, so essential in vessels of this class. On the other hand,
the British boat engines being reduced to one-half of the for
mer practice, greater strength and more simplicity is obtained,
with chances of breakdowns lessened, and better assurance of
reliable speed.
¦ : ' ¦ '' .¦¦'"¦'-•'.• : " ¦ ¦-. . -.'¦¦¦ v"v - :¦_.--*. ¦-- -\~ ; - •. . -¦-..•.-•..'- ,^'-
Interesting Trials by British Naval Vessels Prove That Both -the Old' 'Style Scotch ind the
Belleville Water- Tube Boilers Are Imperfect.
Some British promoters are talking of construct
ing a r railroad from Alexandria to Shanghai, so as to
counteract the Siberian railroad. The projected line
would be about 6400 miles long. The central portion
of it, however; would be composed of certain rail
ways' now. in operation in India, so that the'amount
of new road to be constructed would be only a little
over 3000 miles. Should the project be carried out
and Cecil Rhodes succeed in establishing his railway
from the Cape to Cairo, it would then be possible to
start from Cape Colony and travel through India and
China and thence back to Europe by way of Siberia
without change of cars, provided the British and the
Russians could be induced to work the systems to
gether. ' ,
TESTS DEMONSTRATE THAT THE FRENCH BOILERS
FOR WARSHIPS ARE SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHERS
No information was obtained by the enumerators ' }
concerning the farming of '-the' Indian's/ but- it is
known from other sources that the natives are
making considerable progress in that direction. The
bulletin says: "Near some villages contact with
white men has taught the natives the use of improved
farmutensils,' but: in ¦ other -localities they till ¦ the 'land
; \vith staves and other crude, implements. ; The rriis-'
sionaries" are introducing modern tools., among the
.Inidians ; and instructing them in improved' methods of'
agriculture. The .establishment- : of . agricultural ex-'.
perimerit _ stations has been very .beneficial," and gives "
promise of. 'accomplishing. 'still' greater' results." ' r .
. So. perhaps at the next census Alaska may have an
agricultural bulletin which will not require a hiap" to
help it out. ', -;;;' N
Most. of the- farms rare grouped around Juneau and
Sitka. '•-' One is operated in connection with the Holy
Cross Mission on the -Lower Yukon/ and there are
a few small gardens in the villages # of the Yukon
Valley. The season between killing; frosts is too
short for the cultivation of cereals, but the long pe
riods of daylight, the comparatively high tempera
ture and the 'abundant rainfall, -which mark the brief
growing season, are favorable to the rapid growth and
early maturity of nearly all.kinds_ of vegetables. It
is therefore^probable the industry wiil - increase in
the' neighborhood of the, mining camps and other
settlements where there is. a good demand for; the
products. ' ' ¦' '• ' ¦ . f
Small, however, as were the results of farming in
Alaska during, the census year, the experiments in the
work oi growing foodstuffs in that frozen' country
were interesting. It is to be noted in the first place
that despite the fact that the land was v nominally free
it was by. no means cheap land. The report says:
"The main expense incurred by the settlers in open
ing farms has been in the preparation of the soil for
cultivation. TThis has been very high — in some cases
$120 per acre." With such a heavy cost for prepara
tion it is inevitable the farms shouldjbe small. Thus
out of 'the' twelve enumerated there are five that re
port less than three seres under three
contain over three arid less than ten acres, 'arid the
remaining four contain from twenty to forty-nine
acres each.
The record shows that in the summer of 1900 the
census enumerators found, twelve farms in Alaska,
comprising in the aggregate 159 acres, of which 104
acres is used for the cultivation; of. vegetables and hay,
while the rest is used for pasturage. The total farm
products 'of the year were' valued at $8046, vwhich is
certainly a very good result from so small an acreage.
When" compared with the population; however, the
agricultural returns arc seen to be very, slight. The
bulletin says: "The value of agricultural .products was
but 12.7 tents for each inhabitant of the Territory and
24.4 cents for each inhabitant of the'southern district
in which all the farms are located. This is in marked
contrast to the agricultural conditions in the States
and other ¦Territories/- For each inhabitant of Ari
zona, for example, the average value of agricultural
products in 1899 was $57."
hands that the bulletin would have been but a single
sheet of paper had it not occurred to some ingenious
member of the staff to fill out with a ; map* of the
country. . / . ' > '•
GENSUS officials were not overloaded with'
work when they were set to the' task of com
piling the .bulletin on agriculture in Alaska.
Indeed so small was the amount of data*, in their
THE condition of trade expresses the stability
of the American people and the American re
public During the whole of last' week, up to
its tragic end, seventy millions of citizens, watching
-with grave faces the national sick bed at Buffalo,
-.vent about their business with American" calmness.
Though the originator of the remarkable, financial
and -mercantile polity which has* made the.
American a » creditor instead of a debtor . na
tion, and which has placed it at the head
of the moneyed countries of the globe, lay 'dyings
there was no '. financial disturbance of importance,
nor was any expected. But with characteristic pru
dence-the Government cast a cautionary anchor to
windward, and the Secretary of the Treasury an
nounced that he would swell the floating cash of the
country's financial center and thereby ease any ten
sion in funds. by purchasing bonds. The banks
loaned freely during the early days of the week, and
this helped matters along.
Still, on Frida}', when the sudden change in the
President's condition occurred, Wall street at once
weakened, and stocks went off from two to four
and five points, while call money went from 6 per
cent to :o per cent, though it' fell back to 6 per cent
before the close of the day. The announcement of
the President's death on Saturday morning was fol
lowed by the immediate closing of the ; exchanges
in New York, and indeed throughout the country,
but this action w?.s prompted by respect for the
illustrious. dead rather than by any intention to avert
a crisis. . In fact, on the last day of the President's
life, and consequently the last business day of the
week, the authorities of the New York- Clearing
house took no extraordinary action, for none was
needed. The mercantile business of the country, by
no means as sensitive as the stock and money mar
kets, has gone on precisely as usual ever since the
President was shot. The speculative markets, such
as that on the Chicago Board of Trade, flurried a'
little at first, as was natural, but almost immediately,
¦steadied. As for the general distributive trade of;
the country, that '".went on without a pause, and all',
parts of the United States reported business in *a
flourishing condition. The bank clearings showed
a gain of 54.8 per cent over the corresponding "week f
last year, New Orleans being the only important city
to show a falling off. - The failures were 182, against
167 for the same week last j-ear.
The great staples of the country showed little
change .during the week. The steel strike is a thing
of- the past, and in anticipation of this result the feel
ing in the iron and steel markets had been much bet-v
ter. Boots and shoes are quieter at Eastern manufac
turing centers, but are in good demand in the differ
ent distributing markets. Wheat is steady, though the
movement is not as jctivc. Dry goods are reported
in active demand, and all available supplies of cotton
goods are being' taken at firm prices. The export of
wheat ';cdntinues very large, the shipments for the
week being 6,648,000 bushels, against 4,666,000 for
the corresponding week 'last jear. Provisions have
ruled very strong, with an advancing tendency in lard
and bacon. Sugar has declined, but this is the only
important staple to exhibit weakness.
Business in our local market has been a reflex of
the Eastern situation for the past \veek. The strike
'.situation seems to be slowly clearing, and everyday
sees. more men at work. There is a general feeling
among the merchants that the disturbance is in its
Jast hours. As soon as it is over pronounced ac
tivity in many lines of trade is' anticipated. Other
wise local conditions remain. about. as' before.
FARMING IN ALASKA.
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
The local yellow sheet has proposed the establish
ment of a penal colony for anarchists. The sugges
tion would be complete if the plant of the saffron
rascal with staff and accessories .were sent to the
colony.; We would then have the right newspaper
for the right people. /
This wonderful automaton can not only walk straight ahead,
but it can also perform the remarkable feat' of stepping over
an obstacle. The skin of the figure is made of aluminum; sup
ported by a strong framework of steel, and in the' back is a
small metal tube; about half an inch in diameter, through which i^
runs the electric current that controls the figure's move-.^*
ments. The only other connection between the figure and the
car is the chain from each hand to the vehicle. - The inventor
has formed a company, called the United ! States' Automaton
Company, with offices in Buffalo, N. Y., and it is proposed
to go into the manufacture of the figures on a large scale. It
is possible that the figure may be introduced into . warfare,
w^lch y?ill then become an affair of machinery to an even
greater extent than It already is.
and almost noiselessly, and can keep up a good pace for an
almost indefinitely long: time. Within the figure is a talking
machine, jvhich, on the occasion of a recent trial, said In a
clear voice, "I am going to walk from New York to San Fran
cisco." Two men will be carried in the little car drawn by the
automaton, and Mr. Perew says that \he figure can travel at
the rate of twenty miles an hour, or 420 miles per day, allowing
for three stops of an hour each. At this rate the figure would
cover the 3230 miles between New York ami San ' Francisco in
162% hours, or six days, eighteen and a. half hours..
One of the most interesting and remarkable of automata Is
j the ; electric man invented by L. P. Perew of jTonawanda, near
["Niagara" Fall's, New York. The automaton's seven feet five
! inches high and is clothed in , a suit of white duck; with a
! white yachting- cap upon its head. The feet are made of inflated
| india-rubber, and wear a pair of 13^ shoea. The hands are
Wonderfully life-like in appearance,' being brown, as if 'from
exposure to the sun and wind.' They hold metal / rings attached
to chains, which are connected with the car drawn by- the
automaton. When the figure is first set in motion there is; a
little whirring' noise, as though clockwork: had been' started.
After a hcsitatiAg step or* two the figure walks smoothly, evenly
CHILDREN who have not yet grown up, and those who
have already done so, are always greatly interested in
anything that hc& within itself the power of movement.
It is said that there is now comparatively little sale for
toys that look always alike and-that-have no means of move
ment. Hence the delight felt in dolls that open their eyes
when 1 made to stand upright, and close^ them when laid down.
Hence,' too, the woolly lamt>- that squeaks when. you press its
tum-tum," the mouse that runs round in a circle, the collapsable
pig, the monkey on a stick, the figure of the preacher which
turns its head from side to side, raises its hand, rolls its eyes
and thumps the desk. "' .•¦'/.' , .-¦. .
L. P. PBREW OF TONOWANDA, N. Y., INVENTS AN ELECTRIC MAN OF STEEL, WHICH IS REMARKABLY
LIFELIKE; CAN DRAW A CAR CONTAINING SEVERAL PERSONS AND TRAVEL SMOOTHLY AT THE
:'¦ RATE OF TWENTY MILES AN HOUR. . •
We have as a people a deep lesson to learn from
the tragedy which has stricken down- the chief magis
trate of the republic, and > the significance of that les
son cannot be more profoundly impressed upon the
popular mind than by the' solemn and mournful cere
monies of the day on which all that is mortal of our
great leader will be .'laid* to rest in the earth' from
which it came. It is accordingly - in the highest de
gree desirable that the attendance upon'the-.cere
monies of the day should" be so large and the sorrow
of the community so abundantly manifest that even
the most indifferent will be impressed by it. -There
is not one intelligent understanding in the city that
should not be made to realize the enQrmity of the
crime that has been committed and the dread respon
sibility 'that rests upon any who have in . the past
stimulated those dread passions of hatred that domi
nated the malignant heart of the assassin and
prompted his crime. .:. '
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has appointed
Thursday, the' day of the burial o'f McKinley,
, as a: day of mourning and prayer throughout
the United States, and recommends "that all the peo
ple do assemble on that day in their respective places
of divine'vwor ship,, there, to bow. down in submission
to the will of Almighty God and pay. out of full
hearts ' their homage of love and' reverence to 'the
great and .good President whose death has^unitten
the nation with bitter grief.". .. ¦;. • ;
The Governor of the' State and; the Mayor of the
city, have" taken- action' in accord with the President's"
prbclamation. In this city a committee has been ap
pointed Ho 'make preparations and arrangements for
the proper observance of the solemn "day. Every-'
thing, therefore, which can be' done in the way of
official* formality has-btJen done! It now remains for
the citizens to do their share. Every one should
early in 'the week so arrange" his private affairs that
he can close 'his place of business on that day and:
take part in the demonstration- of the public borrow.
It should be a day of universal mourning. Not one
troe citizen should 'ignore it or permit any private
business or pleasure to interfere^ with its solemn ob
servance/- '" ¦ .- ' ¦¦¦ ' .":
MONDAY : . : - . .SEPTEMBER 16. 1901
. JOHN D. SPRECKELS/ ProprieioV^^^
Attreti AH Commcnicatlons to W. 8. LEAKS, Mmsger.
M.IXAGEITS OFFICE. V. . . . . .Telephone Press 204
PUDLICATIOIV OFFICE. . .Market and Third, SjTfeV
Telephone Vrca* SOI. . .__ •
EDITORIAL ROOMS- . . . .217 to 221 Stet cnion St.
Telephone Prwii 202.
Delivered li>- Cnrrlern, .13 Cents Per Week."
Single Copies. 5 Cent*. ¦
¦ Terms Uy Mail. Including: Postages -
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year ....$6.00 j
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months... 3.00 ;
DAILY CALL (includlnjr* Sunday), 3 r.-onths... 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c ,
SUNDAY CALL. One Year • 1 - 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year .....I....:.:... i- 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions. .
¦ - v Sample coplea will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change cf address should be
particular to eive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE • • .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGM3SS.
Vuijir Foreign Advertising; Kirqnetts Building, CMe go.
(Lon? Dlet&nce Telephone "Central 2619.") Y
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:'
' C C. CARLTOJf. Herald Square
NEW, YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: j : ; .
Sherman Honse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hctel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
' » TTalaorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., Vi W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRjLNCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
f :S0 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096; Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open 'until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fill more, open until 9 p. m. :
THE DAY OF MOURNING.
Jersey City authorities have struck a body blow at
an ancient, respected and thriving industry. They"
insist upon preventing- druggists- from* selling""whisky
without a;prescription or a license. Local druggists
have much to be. thankful for in their condition. ¦ I
It is,iherefore with every confidence in his character
and in his statesmanship that the people greet- their
new President. Had his accession come by any other
means than through the instrumentality of assassina
tion he would be welcomed to Washington with' the
plaudits of the capital, and throughout the country
the people would have joined in rejoicings from the
Atlantic to the Pacific. He enters office amid the
mourning of the republic, and no heart mourns more
sincerely than his. None the less the nation hails
him with loyalty and with trust, knowing that in his
hands, there will be continued unbroken the policy
of President McKinley for the peace" and' prosperity
and honor of our country.
Such being the case it is fortunate for the country
that the new President is not an unknown man, nor
cne untried -by the responsibilities of public office.
Although he has attained the Presidency at a younger
age than any 'of. his predecessors, President Roose
velt has not. reached it by a sudden bound. He has
inade his way upward from office to office and- has
had experience both in legislative and in executive
positions. He is known to be a man of singular
firmness of character. From first to last his career
has • been marked .by acts which attest his - courage,
his indomitable will, 1 his patriotism and his integrity.
He has never been an imitator of any man nor a fol
lower of any man. Indeed, his personality has been
so original that it made him a noted man as soon as
he entered the arena of politics, and while yet but
a young and new member of the New York Legisla
ture he acquired a national reputation.
McKinle3 r . : A new influence is to emanate from the
office of the chief magistrate of the republic, and that
office is clothed with such great powers that the effect
of the change will be felt in almost every branch of.
the Government. There will Remain the old spirit
and the old. policy, but the one will be manifest
through a different individuality and the other will
be advauced by different methods. ;
There will be; however, a change in the .Govern
ment against which there can be no guarding. It
is not : permitted to any one man to adopt theper
sonality of another, or~ to exert that other's personal
influence. President Roosevelt will not be President
•Thus the country passes under, the control of a
new administration with no change from the. spirit
of that which has made the nation so prosperous and
has: so .completely won the* approval of the people.
It is of course foreseen that changes in the Cabinet
will 'soon come. Several' of the present Cabinet of
ficers desired to retire some time ago, and were in
duced to remain only by the personal solicitations of
their .chief. These will retire and new men will take
their places, but the great policies of^the administra
tion'will be upheld in their entirety and the business
of the Government will go on undisturbed. . •
UPON- being summoned to take the:' oath of
I office and assume the responsibilities of -Pres
ident of the United States Roosevelt prefaced
the act. with" the statement: "I shall take the oath at
ence, agreeable to the request of the members' of the
Cabinet, and in this hour of . terrible national be
reavement I wish to- saythat I shall continue abso
lutely unbroken the policy of President McKinley for
the peace and prosperity, and honor of our beloved
country." A little later he requested the members of
the Cabinet not to tender their resignations for the
present^ at least,* but to continue : in officvi," and the
request was complied with. " '-.
YOU PUSH THE BUTTON AND THIS
NEW AUTOMATON DOES THE REST
"or another Hearst jqurnal^ancl' so without'a:prede
cessorin _its peculiar viciousness,' without the stimu
luss.of:a; rival; and without; hope: of a follower; tfie
three Hearstlirigs r may go ¦> ori' their j'ellow course
original^ unrivaled and despicable. ' .
OUR NEW PRESIDENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, ¦ MONDAY' 1 6^ "190 1 .
6
CALL
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL'
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlaass'left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. Thoy
will arrive in this city, and be 1
ready for distribution ; about -
September 23.
Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a: copy ' of this ; fine
book at "the preminnv price of
$1.50. None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the -Atlas.
Horses, Buggeries, «tc— Tuesday, September 17, at 11 o'clock,
at 1140 1'olsom street.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, September 23, ' at 12
o'clock. Crooks' Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SftT/ES.
AanjSETVTTiNTS.
Orpheum— VaudeviU*. . • ;
Central— "A Voice From the "Wilderness."
Alcazar— "The Taming: of the Shrew."
Tivoll— "Faust."
Grand Opera-house— "Richelieu."
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Emeryville Park— Races to-day.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlcs.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.and the consulting physicians, r most of
whom had met President "McKinley , per
sonally for the -first time after: he was
stricken - and had learned : to adoi'e him
while he \ suffered so gently, and patiently
on his" bed of.pairi'"- ¦ .. -^,
Senator 'Hanna,. who had fairly "•wor
shiped his dead triend for years; entered
the room/at this time, -biit did not ap
proach the casket;- His face was set like
tftat.of an iron- willed man who would not
let down the barrier I of his grief. The
Senator spoke, to no one. His eyts were
vacant. ; He passed - through' the throng
and. -seated himself ..behind Governor
Odell," sinking far down into his chair and
resting hi3 head upon his hand. During
all : the service that followed 1 he did not
stir. . '. • * - ¦
Entry "of the President;
Just before- 11 o'clock 'President Roose
velt entered; comingrinto the room from
the rear, through the- library.. After pass
ing into the hall he had- made his way!
around through the sitting > room behind
into the library. /There wasan instantan
eous movement in the room as the Presi
dent approached: The" procession" was still
passing from the south, side .around the'
head of tha casket and back between it
and the members of the Cabinet seated- at
its^.slde". .Every one arose and "all eyes
were turned toward the : President. He
moved forward again the tide' of the
procession to; his place at the head ofthe ;
line of^ Cabinet officers. He held himself
erect, hi& left hand : carrying his silk hat.
1 hose who were comingf toward him * f ell :
back on either side to let him pass. 'He
paused once or- twice to'. shake : - handsisi
lently,: but there was no smile to acconi
pany his greetings. He, too; like the mala
deep down-: in his seat against the 1 wall
who had forgotten. to. rise when the'Pres
ident of the United States entered, seemed
to be restraining a great grief, v ';
When President Roosevelt reached trie :
head of the line 1 of Cabinet officers he kept
his face away from the casket. The" in
fantry mail guarding:, the dead stood ¦ be
fore; him rigid as a statue. Although the
commander in ; chief approkched until hd
could have touched him, the soldier did
not salute. The President spoke to Secre
.tary Root— or; perhaps, it would-be ; mbre
precise,.tp say that" the latter spoke : to him.
The ' President appeared to bis steeling
himself for a look : into : the face of • him
whose death; had. made him the .first ruler
of the world. The tension m : the room was
great.. Every one", seemed to be- Waiting;
The minister of the" gospel stood with the
: holy; book- in his hand, ready to begin
i Perhaps- it might have been sixty sec
onds, it seemed longer. Then the Presi
dent turned and • at the same time ad
vanced one step. s He bowed his head and
looked down ; upon- the' man' whose' burden
and responsibilities" he; had taken upon
himself. .'Long he gazed,"- standing- immov
able save for a. twitching of the muscles
of the chin, -as he labored 1 with heavy
breath to; repress his emotion. At last he
stepped back. .
Favorite Hymn* Is Sung.
Colbnel Blngham, the/aid to" the ; Presi
dent, standing; ten feet 'below the foot of
the: casket, at the side of the loyal Cor
telyou, glanced in the' direction of the Rev.
Charles Edward Locke of the Delaware
avenue Methodist Kpisfcbpal Church, who
was to conduct the service.
The pastor was at the dobr leadlng'irito
the hall, a station whencehis words could
be.'heard at the head' of the stairs; The
signal was given and there welled out
from the hall the beautifuf words of
"Lead, Kindly Light," sung by a quartet.
It was President McKinley's favorite
hymn. Every one within sound of the
music knew it and half of those in the
room put their faces into their hands to
hide their tea.rs; Comptroller Dawes leaned
against a bookcase and wept. President
Rooseevlt seemed to be swaying to and
fro,- as if h!s footing' were insecure. '
When the singing ended the clergyman
read from the'word'of the'fifteenth chap
ter of the First Corinthians. All had risen
as he 'began and "remained - standing
throughout the remainder of the service.
Agrain the voices rose with the worda of
"Nearer. My- God, to Thee-," the very
words President McKinley had repeated
at intervals of consciousness during: the
day of agony before he died. As the music
died away the pastor spoke again.
"Let us pray," he said, and every head
fell upon its breast. . He began his invo
cation with a stanza from a hymn eung in
the Methodist church. His prayer was as
follows,; »'_...' v i»tti .-¦ - .»- - -.
\ O Gcd; our help in ages past.
Our hope" for years "to come,
Our shelter from the storm's blast
And our eternal home.
"V\"e, thy servants, humbly beseech thee' for
manifestations of thy favor as we come into
thy presence. We laud; and 'magnify thy holy
name and praise thee for all thy goodness. B&
merciful unto t:s and bless us. as, stricken
with overwhelming sorrow, we come to th"e
Forgive us for our doubts and fears and falter
ing faith; pardon all' our sina and shortcom
ings and "help us to say "Thy will be done."
In this dark nl£ht of grief abide with us till
the dawning. Speak to our troubled souls O
God, and give to us in this hour of unutterable
grief the peace arid quiet .which thy presence
only can afford. We thank thee that thou
answerst the sobbing sigh' of the heart and
dost assure us that if a man die he shall live
again. We praise thee for Jesus Christ thy
son, our Savior and older brother that h»
came "to bring life arid immortality to light"
and because he lives we shall live also. We
thank thee that death is victory; that "to die
Is gain." Have mercy upon us in this dis
pensation of thy providence. We believe in
thee->we trust thee— our God of life, "the same
yesterday, and, to-day, and forever." "We fiank
thee for the unsullied life ot thy servant, ¦ our
martyred President, whom thou hast taken to
his coronation, and we pray for the final
triumph of air the divine principles of pure
character and free' government for which he
stcod while he lived and' which were baptized
by his blood In his death.
Hear our prayer for blessings of consolation
upon all those who were associated with 1 him
in the administration' of affairs of the'Gov
ernment. Especially vouchsafe thy presence' to
thy servant who has been suddenly called -to
assume ' the holy responsibility of . our ' chl-»f
magistrate. .
O God, bless our dear nation and guide" the
ship of state through stormy seas; help thy
people to be brave to' fight the battles of the
Lord and wise to: solve all the problems of
freedom. ' . . •
Graciously hear., us' for comforting ¦Wesslngs
to rest' on the' family; circle of our departed
friend. Tenderly sustain thine" handmaiden,"
upon whom the blow of this sorrow most heav
ily falls. Accompany her, O God as thou
hast promised ¦; through: this dark valley, and
shadow, and may she fear no evil because thou
art with. her.-.
All . these things we ask in the nam° of
Jesus 'Christ, cur Lord, who has taught"- us
when we prax to say "Our Father, who art in
heaven, hallowed 'be 'thy name." Thy kingdom
come;, thy will be done en earth as ; it is in
heaven:, Give us this day our daily bread -and
forgive us our trespasses- as we forgive those
who trespass against us, and lead us not into
temptation, but- deliver" us . from evil, for. thine
is the kingdom and_the powir and the glory
forever. Amen." , . .
May ths grace of. our Lord Jesus' Christ; the'
love of God. the Father and communion of the
holy, spicit be with us all evermore. Amsn.
Funeral Cortege" Loaves the' House.
AH present joined in the Lord's prayer
as the minister repeated' Jt: President
Roosevelfs'voice was audible at theback
,of the room. The service concluded with
asimple benediction. ..The funeral director
was about to step '. forward to place ! the
cover on the casket when 1 suddenly there
was a movement behind .Governor Odell.
Senator Hanna, - who had risen, saw ; that'
the last onpcrtur.ity to look into the face
of-hls dead friend had come. Pressing for
ward, in an. instant he' was at the side of
the casket and bending over and looking
down into it. Almost two; minutes passed
and then he- turned' away and ;the coffin
was closed. " .. ' ¦ . . -. .
Colonel Bingham ' signaled the bo'dy
bearers. Four Bailors, two Infantry ser
geants Land two artillery | sergeants bore
the casket aloft and ! out of the house? The
President, Cabinet arid the others followed
it. Mrs. - McKinley and the members of
the family, remained. "The widow had
passed through the- ordeal bravely and
without breaking: down. The trainld
nurses and tho pcrrsonalattendantsof the
President gathered on the side porch to
see * the body taken -away.: • • i
It W£fs T wlthln : a' minute of 11:30 o'clock
when three lone rolls of a ; muffled drum
:toldthOEG"outs!detHe house- thkt the fune
ral cortege ' was about to appear. From
thedarker.^crrooma'the'asaefnblage.bcgan
to;fllcout;to the street: •* Soon, the •fl'alks
and lawns" were again covered -with:the
.silentythronET, with heads bared.' ¦¦ At the
moment the casket appeared "Nearer, My
God; r tb'Thee". ascended in subdued strains
from'oncof the military bands. Tenderly
the bearers 'lowered" the casket 1 from their
shoulders and placed lt : in; the hearse." J
President Precedes the -HinrseV
, The notes : cf Chopin's funeral dirge suc
ceeded ! the strains ; of . the hymn: The sol
diers 'and* sailors swung into long 1 columns
and" took' up 'the : march' southward toward
thoCiU':-Hall:. f. ; ¦ .. : ¦ a a
Presidents Roosevelt'; cam"e v from the
house almost Immediately ; following" the
casket- and •-arm '.-.In' jfrmwlth- Secretary
Root,, moved -through- the 'aisle of people.
He entered the first • carriage" with- Mr.
Root and : "Attorney General .Knox and
Postmaster' General 1 Smith,- who i . had 'fol-
ing part in the state funeral in Washing
ton.
The day was gray and cheerless. Heavy
clouds hung over the city, at times break
ing to. let through a rift of sunshine and
shutting to let loose a downpour upon the
gathering multitude. The air was humid
and heavy and only a light wind from the
south stirred the drooping flags and the
emblems of mourning. 1ne very elements
seemed to lend : fitting accompaniment to
the scene of sorrow about to be enacted.
Eager. Crowds Are Kept Back.
Long before the time set for the funeral
services the vicinity, of the Milburn house
was astir, with preparations. At 9 o'clock
long plato6ns- of police .officers, mounted
and on foot, arrived at the grounds and
were posted in details along the streets
approaching the house. For a block: in
each direction the streets were roped to
keep back the gathering crowds. The
vigilance of the officers in keeping back
those not entitled- to 'admission witnlnthe
reserved area was redoubled. Those sum
moned to the service, the uniformed
escort of marchers and those whose busi
ness imperatively brought them there,
passed within j the four-square precinct
about the house where the body of the
dead chief reposed. * * •. ' :
Major General John R. Brooke, who was
personally- in command; of all the- forces
participating in the escort,, arrived at 10
o'clock. He was in fatigue uniform, with
service sword at his side. Aroundrhis left
arm was wound- a heavy band of : crepe.
With him were his aids and a half score
of other officers, all in fatigue uniform,
with badge of mourning' on their sleeves.
The time was now approaching for' the
services. . . ,-.¦¦-. ;
The tramp of the assembling military
could be "heard and the walk leading up
to the Milburn house began to be lined
with those who were '-.to - be
about the bier. Even amid the stir -of
assembling, a solemn and awe like silence
prevailed, and the division of the escort
came to their posts with silent bands.' '
Military and Naval Detachments.
At 10:30 the military and naval detach
ments took temporary station on West
Ferry street, immediately around the
corner from the Milburn house. First
came Companies I and L of the Four
teenth United States Infantry, stationed
at Fort Porter, under command of Cap
tain John R. M. Taylor, marching with
the steady tread and bearing of regulars.
Following them came a company of the
Seventy-third coast artillery now on duty
at the Pan-American Exposition, in com
mand of Captain John P. Weisser. These
Were the men who had been near I the
President at the moment he was shot and
who took part in the struggle with his
assassin. The National Guard of the
State of New York was represented by
picked companies from the Seventy
fourth and Sixty-fifth regiments, under
command of Captain Howland. _
Then the trappings of the military arm
of the service gave way to those of the
United States navy as fifty men from the
United States gunboat Michigan, under
command of Colonel L. T. Minnix, swung
into position alongside their military
brethren in arms. The naval contingent
had arrived only this morning in order
that all branches of the military, naval
and marine service might be fittingly rep
resented. At their head marched a de
tachment of marines, in their dark blue
uniforms and with large gilt-trimmed hel
mets. After them came the bluejackets
with open-throated shirts, their . loose
black neckscarfs in sailor knots, with yel
low leggings and sailor hats. Sailors and
marines marched with short carbines at
shoulder 'arms. The entire military and
naval force formed in company front on
"\Vest Ferry street and there awaited the
time for the services to begin. -/ '
Line of Distinguished Mourners.
Meantime the members of the Cabinet,
officials high in the Government service
and near friends of the martyred Presi
dent, began to till the walks leading up to
the entrance to the Milburn residence.
They came separately and in groups, some
walking. Secretaries Wilson and Hitch
cock drove up together and Governor
Odell of New York followed with his sec
retary and Representative Littauer of
New York. Following the Governor came
Major General Roe, commander of the
National .Guard of New York, with his
staff of aids, all in full uniform. Secretary
Root walked to the house with Mr. and
Mrs. Sprague, at whose house he J has been
a guest since first summoned to the city.
Two and two, a long line of men of dig
nified bearing marched up to see the house
—the foreign representatives sent to the
exposition and after them the State Com
missioners. With the foreigners was a
colonel of the Mexican army in his full
uniform of black, with scarlet stripes and
peaked, braided cap. The other members
of the Cabinet in the city — Secretary Long,
Attorney General Knox, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith— the close confidants and
friends of the late chief— Senator Hanna.
Judge Day, Governors Odell. Yates and
Gregory. Representatives Alexander and-
Ryan. Major General Brooke. E. H. But
ler, H. H. Kohlsaat and many other^ were
in the line. .
President Roosevelt Arrives.
It was just* eight minutes before the
opening of the service when a covered ba
rouche drove up' to the house, bringing
President Roosevelt and : Mr. . and Mrs.
Wilcox. at whose house he is a guest. The
President looked very grave as he alighted
and turned to assist Mrs. Wilcox from
the carriage. His face did not relax into
a" smile to those nearest the carriage, but
he acknowledged their greetings pleasant-
ty' and with an - inclination of the head.
Word passed up the. well-filled walk that
the President had arrived and those wait
ing to gain entrance fell back, rriakins a
narrow lane -through which- Mr. Roosevelt
passed along to the house. ¦ :
As the President passed ' within .' ' the
house and the services were. about to be
gin- the longtime of soldiers and sailors
swung in columns of fours into Delaware
avenue arid formed in front
along the beautiful thoroughfare, opposite
the house and immediately facing it. On
the extreme left were the regulars, ;on the
right the sailors and marines and- in' the
center : the National Guardsmen. They
stood at parade k rest, with colors lowered,
each; flag wound about its staff and bound
with crape. The front of the house and
the lawns had been cleared by this time
and the sweep of the avenue was now de
serted save for the rigid, motionless ranks
across from-the house. : . . , - -
Hearse Plain and Somber.
The service had already begun when
down the avenue four high-stepping black
horses came Into view drawing the hearse
which was to bear the casket of- the dead
President. It was a heavy vehicle, with
out plumes or any trappings to relieve the
dead black. '.The . horses, too, were not
plumed or; caparisoned, and all four of
them r.were -black from nose to tip of .tail.
Two men were on the box, the driver with'
longlines to the tandem. pairs, and the
groom' with folded arms sitting motion
less. . Outside the house there was a half
hour of silence and waiting.. Within the
house of death was woe unspeakable:
In the drawing room to the right of the
hall as President. Roosevelt entered the
dead . chieffiMn was stretched upon . his"
bier. His head-was to the rising sun.
On his face was written the story of the
Christian' fdrbearnce with which he had
met his martyrdom. Only the thinness of
his face bore mute testimony to the pa
tient sufferings he had endured: lie was
dressed a.s he always • was in life. The
black frock coat was- buttoned across'the
breast Where the' first bullet of "the assas
sin'had struck: The black string tie be-,
low' the standing collar showed the little
triangle of white shirt front. The right
hand lay at hia side; the left" was across
his breast. He looked as millions of his
countrymen had seen him save for one
thing— the little badge' of the' Loyal Le
gion, the only decoration he ever wore;
which was always in the left lapel of his
coat, . was missing. And those who re
marked it spoke of it, and after' the' body
was taken to the City Hall the little
badge which he prized .through life was
placed again- where it had always been.
Simple' "Floral Tributes.
The body lay in a black casket on a
black bearskin rug^ Over the lower limbs
was flung the starry banner he' had loved
so welh The flowers were few, as befitted '
the simple natiiie of the'man. A spray of
white chrysanthemuma, a flaming bunch
of blood-red American beauty roses $nd
a magnificent -bunch of violets were on
the casket. That was all. Behind- the,
head, against a pier mirror between- the
two curtained-windows, rested two supqgb
wreaths of white asters and roses. Th^re
were the only" flowers in the room. " • -:,.
Two sentries, one from the sea" an'd one
from the land, guarded the remains: They
stood in the window embrasures behind
the head of the casket:,. The one' i to the
north was a sergeant of infantry. In the
other" window was the sailor, garbed : in
the loose blue blouse of the navy.
The family had taken leave of their
loved one before the others arrived. Mrs.
McKir.ley, the poor, grief-stricken' widow,
had been led into the chamber by her
physicjan. Dr. Rixey, and had sat a while
alone with him who had supported and
comforted her' through all their years of
wedded' life. But though her support was
gone she had not broken down. Dry-eyed
she gazed upon him and fondled' his r face.
She did not seem to realize that he was
dead. Then' she -was ' led away by -Dr.
Rixey and took up her position at "the
head of the stairs, where" she could hear
the services.
Mrs. Hcbart, the widow of the Vice
President during Mr. McKinley's first
term; Mrs. Lafayette Me Williams of Chi
cago, Miss Barber, Miss Mary. Barber and
Dr.Rixey remained with her. The other,
members of the family— Mr. and Mrs. Ab
ner'McKIniey, Miss Helen McKinley, Mrs.
Duncan, Miss Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. Bar
ber and .Dr. and Mrs. Bacr— had with
drawn into the library to the north of tile
drawing room, in which the casket .lay,
and here also gathered other friends when'
the service was held.
Men Overcome by Grief.
The friends and public associates of the
dead President all -had opporunity to view
the remains before the service began.
The members of the Cabinet had taken
their leave before the others arrived.
They remained seated beside their dead
Chief while the sad procession viewed the
body. They were on the north side of it.
A place directly at the head had been re
served for President Roosevelt. Secretary
Root sat alongside this empty chair. Then
came Attorney General Knox," Secretary
Long, Secretary Hitchcock, Secretary
Wilson and Postmaster General Smith in
the order named.
About a hundred in .all saw the body.'
Some were so overcome with grief at the
sight of the thin, placid countenance that
their frames shook in convulsive sobs.
Several clung to the side of the bier and
with difficulty could be persuaded to
leave. Almost every face was tear
stained. The great love for this man
choked all in the housel
¦Among those in the processiop 1 were
Senators Fairbanks .and Burrows, Gover
nor Yates of Illinois, Comptroller Dawes;
General Manderson and Mrs. Manderson,
Representative Littauer of New York, ex-
Postraaster .General ''William L. Bissell
At 12:25- o'clock/the police" were notified
that the body, could.be viewed by the peo
ple. A minute later and the first" of the
; lorig; line came through the doors;^ Sol
emnly, they moved' on past: the bier
to? view; «the "face of - the" President.
.Old men and- weak women, and strong
men jind children," lcaders'of men and la
borers, all Were represented in the throng
that filed past. " During the tlrst hour the
.people | passed the ' catafalque at the rate
of 115 a- minute, and; at the .end. of . the
first\hour it . was .estimated' that 500i' per
sons^ 1 had passed ¦ the i bier." Outside" ,the
lines ' were: amazing' in their' dimension's;
solid masses of .people stretching for half
a mile :lri' either, direction. • Distinguished
persons took/ their, places in" the 'line : at 3
o'clock::. ¦¦ . "¦;, '¦¦¦.'-¦¦ .'•'' ¦ •: ' ; .
. Throughout : .the lorig'hqurs of the after
noon'; there was never a> cessation 'of the"
movihg : stream of people.' In '' the early
hours the function: was rendered disagree
able by : a violent rain, but at , 5 o'clock
the' heavens- cleared." .The crowds * grew
larger, and it : was decided to - leavq the
City Hall! open indefinitely. On througn
the* evening the* great : crowd, continued,
and?, at 10 o'clock to-night' there seemed
to be no end to'it. ".The police : w'ere finally
given. orders to continue the state func
tion until; the'erpwds showed signs "of les
sening- ;• : •¦:¦. ¦¦¦", ','¦ -, '¦ ¦¦ ¦' - - , ¦¦¦ | ; ., . - :
At alate hour :the" long : 'Jines'on the
street remained.
. Five minutes -was spent in completing
arrangements'" for the "admission of Bu£
falo's"citizens.". Streamers of dciyble-faced
satin ribbon, . white..- and / black-; j were
stretched from the harias" of the soldiers
and sailors; a mark to be- respected by
the ...throngs.'' . ¦'. _ " ;
The casket ; was immediately opened to
its fullest 1 length. An American l!ag was
thrown acrossthe^foot of the casket, and
resting against it were wreaths of roses.
;. A moment of silence prevailed. Then
President Koosevelt- nodaed' to Secretary
Root and side by side' they left the scene
by the .rear doors,'- followed by tiie other
members of : the Cabinet, v
Tnousands View the Body.
This design occupied tha central place
in the: southern line ' of palm's.' . Later
superb- pieces" from the Milburn house
reached the City Hall and were given
places in the system^ of decorations: Of
striking beauty, was a white wreath, bear
ing-in immortelles the name' "Chile."
Circled ' about :the bier was a' distinguished
company. To. the left stood President
Roosevelt, at his left ......lOrney . General
Knox.- Then £ came"' Secretary Long f and
Secretary Wilson: Across to ' the . right
Secretary Cortelyoustbod. With :hirn : .werc;
Seci"3tary Root, Secretary Hitchcock- and
Postmaster General Smitli. Guarjling the
body, were a;sergeant of artilleryiat'the
head, : a' marine ,at ; the' foot; to'orie' side
was a'^ergeant^of infantry, to ' the ' other
another marine.- • " * . ; .
The arms of the chandeliers were wound
with black, and white; with altar crosses.
A : radiator] was swallowed up in L a' mass
of funeral ' color, and back of this : im
promptu altar there spread out space not
unlike a ¦ chancel, • all in black and white:
Behind it all" floated another American
flag ''¦ of generous -proportions. The inclo="
ure for the catafalque was surrounded by
.banks of '..palms..., .'.T.hpre were;, pandans,
arecas, kintias, bay trees, phoenix, incla
nata-and rattta, worked into the general
scheme of decoration. There was but one
set 'floral piece. This was a 1 contribution
from the French .Society of. Buffalo. It
consisted of two flags, United States and
French, on standards of the drapings of
purple and black, caught in. the beak- of
a .pure white dove, framed in the -words,
"With Syriipathy and KegreT."
Below on the. tiled floor of the corridor
rested the' catafalque. It was- covered
with the' same costly cashmere, relieved
by six knots of generous proportions of
satin material. Its head rose eighteen
inches from the floor and made a gentle
angle, allowing- the bier, to slopa to the
foot." Stairways- flanked two ! sides of the
corridor." The balustrades* were- .hiddejr
from view beneath the conventional garb
of mourning. Mounting the stairway
posts were chandeliers of six : lights, burn
ing low. - - .'• . , - -.. . ¦ . . . .
Entering- the. main vestibule, from
Franklin street the vision was; greeted!
with the" graceful sweep of festoons* of
black 'and' white cashmere: The drapery
ascended from the floor to the ceiling and
dropped to the moldings, where, it wan*
caught in bows of -deep black," ;therice" to 1
follow downward the contour of the build
ing. A mammoth column situated halt
way ' between " the -side walls- of ¦ the vesti
bule served to develop th,e arches. The
column 1 itself, reaching to, the, ceiling; be-,
came a: monument of mourning in its
garb of black. Color was lent" by large
pictures of the martyred Presiderit, fast
ened on either side of the column, while
champion' pieces" of • 'like'' dimensions
adorned the walls. Many yards of drapery
converted the" rectangular spaces demar
cated by the : column and the walls into
two- arches' of imposing proportions, af
fording entry to the main corridor, where
had been constructed the canopy of state
under which the dead President was to
repose while Buffalo's people by the thou
sands- paid-^thoir -last respect*.' Leaving
the arches, the elevator ; snaf ts on either
side" w'ere literally hidden from view be
hind a\perfect sea of black. Above the
central point of \ the corridor, directly
under the floor walls, was fashioned the
state canopy. , "Wttite and black cashmeres
of costly price ' floated down in graceful
lines from a point high up in the building.
The purity of the white alternated with
the somber of ¦ the- black, reaching down
in : French ¦ drapes with festooning of
beautiful simplicity. Dropping down in
impressive grandeur "were four of the
country's flags, so' hung : as to burst forth;
into a cross.-
Banks of Falms Surround CatafSlqu?.
City Hall" Draped in ' Mourning.
The 1 * scheme, of the interior drapirigs
was' unique and most artistically carried
out: » ¦• - • - ' - " ' .
As the funeral cortege nib ved south' on
Delaware .avenue toward the City Hall it
passed ".through' a great 1 concourse* of peo
ple filling.the walks and cross streets and'
crowding housetops; windows and": every
available- spade of the" buildings' along-the'
line of i march: "As- the' escort of soldieiis
swung into Frankfort street a few drops.
Of rain; fell. The ; long; line- of troops- tools
their.' positions - at attention facing" the
City Hall;' The carriages'coritaining'mem
bers of the; Cabinet hurried up : to the'en
¦;trance./ The' last : of ' the 1 carriages ; was ] the'
one bearing President Roosevelt.-Remov
ing 1 - his hat, the v President stepped* frbhr
the vehicle : and walked into the yestmiile
when the hearse' appeared'.' . The, four
horses were ; led :. slowly to the : entrance
and' stopped. The band, some' distance'
away, began '.'Nearer, My. God; to Thee."
At'the- same instant' precisely the' rain
cahi'e' down in : sheets and, driven along by
a southwest gale" off the waters' of Lake
Erie, tore across City Hall- Square.'.
The. casket ! was lifted ) from the' hearse
to: the: shoulders, of the .sailors arid nia-.
rines and was borne info r Buffalo's official
home. Outside there was ; not a man, so
far-as : could be' seen ; who did- not' stand,'
defying: the elements, with, hat ; removed,
respecting his • dead President. Inside;
with steps impressively slojv and meas
ured; the bearers made^their" way to the
catafalque. A~ moment later and thiebody
of President McKinley was : lying in- state.
In the" carriage '' following:"*' the' Grand 1
Army marchers -rode Senator Hanna, Gov
ernor Odell, Senators FairbanKS and
Kean/ Senator. Burrows' Director, General
Buchanan and two exposition officials;^oc
cupied the next. Then came Colonel Birig
ham and Major \ Thomas \V. Syrrionds;
who hasbeen the' active representative^ of
the War Department here since the'shoot
ing: occurred/ The White - House staff
who Were \ so- closely' identified \ with.' the
late President rode" together. • Mayor Dlehl
of Buffalo' arid city officers and: meirfberg
of . the City Council were the :c last of- : the
officiar mourners" in the cortege. After"
them : followed 1 a long* line 5 of carriages oc
cupied by those who had' beeiv near the
President officially and : personally, and
who followed more as fri'ends than as offi
cials;. None of the members of the family'
entered 5 the carriages. 1 . ¦
Heavy Rainsstbrrji "Ds'luges Mourner-?."
lowed. The ' Presidential -carriage fell in
immediately '.back, of the military escort.
Following in the. second carriage were Sec
retary Long/ Secretary Hitchcock, Secre
tary Wilson and Secretary Cortelyou. Ma
jor General Brgbke was in the" third car
riage,; and Rev. "¦Dr;; Locke and his wife!
in : the ; fourth. --In ' this order' four car
riages preceded the hearse. After these
four carriages there was. a clear. space of
one hundred feet and then came- tli'o
hearse bearing the dead President. At the
head of each of the leading: horses a po
lice officer walked with' hand at-the bridle.
On: each side of the hearse walked a de- r
tachment of soldiers ¦ and sailors, four"
• picked ; men from ' the army', and ' marine'
corps on the right, and ; as many more"
bluejackets, under. Lieutenant", Eberly orr
the left. Immediately back of the hearse
marched a score of G. A. R. "veterans' who
had been* assigned- to s this, position of
honor. • . .... ;. '. ¦ ¦ . . i
SERVICES AT THE BIER OF WILLIAM McKINLEY
the 1 sa^ : frajnjgisco,cal;,; Monday, September ie. i9oi.
Continued 'From Page One.
At the annual meeting^ of the 'College of
Pharmacy of the University of California
Professor Searby was appointed repre
sentative' to the American Pharmaceutical
Association and. delegate to the confer
ence of deans of colleges of pharirtftcy, to
be held in Chicago during the week of
September. Ifir2a. . ., ' .:-,-.,_ - u -.
Prdfessor John Calvert will fill the chair
of pharmacy during the thr*e weeks ab
sence of Professor Scarby. *
The' secretary reported donations
amounting to S6J0 and 281 books for the
library fund. At the opening of the col
lege-term four post .graduates,, forty-four
seniors and forty-five juniors were rria
triculated.' The following officers and di
rectors were elected for' the current term:
Gaston E. Bacon, "president; William M.
Scarby. secretary: R. E. White, treasurer: G.
K. Bacon. Val Schmidt. James G. Steele. JoTrn
Calvert. F. Arthur Beckett, J. H. Dawson and
R." E. White, directors. —
gate to'Conveiition of American
Pharmccsiitical Assb<jiatlOli.
Professor Searfcy Is ; * Appointed Dele-
COliLEGE OF PHAItllACY
ELECTS^ ITS OFSiCEBS
7
Steamer3 GEN; PRlSBlt.:or : MONTIOELLO
EAY RIVER STEAMERS
for Or PHS^Sfti
C0MPAG5IS GENERALS TRAK5ATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^il.'
trailing every Thursday, instaad of <25SnCfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ¦«3'«lKia*
North' Klver, foot ' of Morton, street; •L'Aqul-
taine,' September 19; *La . Bretagne,' September
16; La Champagne. October J^'LaSavole, Oc-
tober 10.' - ¦ • - - '
' First' claes to Havre, J70 and upward. Second
class- to Havre." $15 and upward. . GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA CI Broadway (Hudson building), New
York! J. F. FIJGA5CI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Aeents, 5 ' Montsomery avenue.' San Francisco.
TJoketB sold by all Railroad Ticket -Agents.
: 'Twin Screw Express Steamers.;' .-,.--¦
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COi
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, etopplrg at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing fromlHo*--
ar<J S- P«er 10. 12 m. \ *
COLOMBIA.-.. Sept. 281 AREQUIPA:....Oct. 1!
TUCAPEL iLIMARI Oct. 26
Th'se eleamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral- and South American passenger, service.
t Vo~ change' at Acapulco or Panama.)' Fre'ght
end : pa«Benger office. 316 California street.
SAtOfOVR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for TahUl...
...., :.. About Sept. 18
6. S. ¦ MARIPOS-Al for Honolulu....... '..:...
Saturday. Sept. 21, 2 p. m:
S. S. SIBRUA. for Honolulu, Samoa,"' Auck-
land and Sydney. ..Thursday," Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
i, D.SPP.ECKLLS & MS. CO., Bsnerat Acsnts, 32? Kariji 5"c
ten*! Passen-jer Ofncs, 643 Market St., "tvjt Ko. 7; FacifisSt
Cabin. J105; Steerage, J40; Meats Free.
5. €•• ArfeySI soils Mondsy, Oct, I-*
6. S. Leclanaw snil* Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. in.
TTre'eht and Passenger Office, 130 Market Et.
* y F. CONNOR, Pacific ' Cocst- Agent.
PANAMA R, R. S S"
TO HEW VOBK VH PANAMA 01RE3T.
- DIRECT LlJiE TO TAHITI*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMUSEMENTS.
BEGINNING TO- NIGHT.
- 'TWO JOYOUS "WEEKS.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAYS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR.' MELVILLE STOLTZ Present"
seSooke
In Sydney- Rosenf eld's Romantic Comic Play,
A MODERN CRUSOE.
An admirable support ins company, including
MISS ISABELLE EVESSON.
PRICES— 11 50. »I. 75c. 50c, 33c and 25c.
1 W O Iras I ¦"*
* EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
NOTICE— Those holding: seat3 for last Satur-
day's roattfiee and rcr' Thursday, Sept. 19,
please' exchange' the same at once.' No per-
formance Thursday. __^
Monday. Wednesday. Friday, Saturday:
Tuesday, Sunday nights and Saturday Matinee.
" Next Monday— "NABUCCO" <Nebuchadnezsax).
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75c.
r. - ' .Telephone Bush 9.
TO-NIGHT AND ONLY 8 NIGHTS MORE.
' MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY? ,
The Greatest' Triumpn Known In Years.
Edw. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement ' of the Eminent - American Actor.
ROBERT DOWNING.
TCO People on the Stage — A Great Cast.
PDfrK'v Evenings- 10c, 13c. 25c. 33c. 50c
InilC3 Matinets. 10c. 13c. 35^
Next Week-"LITTLE LORDFAUNTLEROY."
AT CALIFORNIA. JOCKEY CLUB TRACK AT
EMERIVILLE.
, Under the Auspices of the
GOLDEN GATE RACING ASSOCIATION,
"Beginning "' ' MONDAY. Sept. 16— Contlnuingt
Eight Dajs.
Great TEOHINQ and PACING Events.
Three or More RUNNING. RACES Each Day I
-Berkeley trains meet boat» from foot of Mar-
ket street every half-hour direct to track.
;\ v « RACING!^.RACING! RACING'. '
: _ . - t»'. ' .
PALAC& HQTELi
j -For a quarter of a century these
r hotels have been the headquarters of
¦ tourists A and travelers who have'
? journeyed from air parts 'pr the world
to Sari : '" Francisco; . Guests enter-
tained on the ' American *or European j
.plan. . - ."'.'.
I GRAND HOTEL.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.. AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Kvery Evenlnjf This Week.
JUSBPH HAOWORTH
In a Grand Scenic Production of Sir' Edward
Lvttbn Balweir's- Maisterniece-.
" R-IOHB-LiIEItJ.''
JOSEPH HAWORTH as Cardinal Richelieu.
Through the courtesy of Mr. Melbourne Mae-
dowell MISS FLORENCE STONE will be seen '
aa Julie de'Mortcmar, on account of the ill-
ness" of Miss Hall.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
NEXT~"WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH in'*'DR. JEKYLL AND
MR. HYDE."
Tfe^ Ne^Fo^ the -'Newt;
Dorothy Morton, the Misses jOelinofe
and Company, Mr. and'Mrs^ Karsy
and Their Giant "Myriophone, Stel -
: la Lee, Marsh and Sar'tslla; George
W. Leslie and r Company, Ernest
,'Hoga'n, Libby, Thayef and Gril-
bert, r.rid the BiographI'
I Reserved Seats,' 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Oncra Chairs; 50c. . "
•IO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.'
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported ' by WHITE ' .WHITTLESEY.
- '. In' *Sh'akespewe*s" ; Best -Comedy,-"
MATINEE : SATURDAY AT 2.
Farewell- week— Extraordinary revival of
"SAPKO.". ¦¦'--¦¦¦•--,---. .
cWtJtES and ZGQ[
?) EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING, y
The Stiandard* Quartet', Lyii ton and
"Wilds,! James : J. Mackey,- Cainelia
and' Amelitaj'-Val : 'Vousden, Ada
Sweeney, '\ '.''.'¦ : '
NEW MOVIlfQ PiCTUKES.
v AMATEUR? NIGHT-
| FRIDAY THIS. WE12K;
- THURSDAY BEING A NATIONAL |
_— — HOLIDAY, -r—^
; - .; Telephone ; for. Seats,". Pafk 33." : ; . ..
1?1 QPHTTR' Q CON CERT" HOUSE;
Jhlpl/lllSn-O Admission !Oc. -
'*' Von" -Suppe's "BEATJTIFUli - .GALATEA!"
¦ Mae Tunlson. " the' Bematda.". Kalaertitus, Billy
Knight, .Dllffes.- Mabel Martin and our un-
rivaled orchestra; . , . ;. ;
; Reserved' Seats." : 25c. Matinee Sunday. !
SUTRO F5ATH&; V
,OPEN ; NIGHTSi
OPENDAliiT FROM '7 a:: m~ to It p. m. r
BATHING" FROM--7 a; m.- to W::!0p_ m." '
¦ADMISSION. 10c. .-;¦» . CHILDirEN'.Sc. .
¦ RatMdg." including admlyaion.' lie: children.' 20c.
Weekly CaU^UOO per Yeir
' "dflfj->.. VIM, VIGORS VltAtltYtor MEM
i fl^ C^HL- • MORMON BISHOP'S PILLJj
jES*.-, ; Bffijr have been in use' over fifty
flSMw^^fiSfi : years by the leaders of the'
; I^Kfi45^^3l ; Mormon Church and their
H^wSr^vttSB ¦ followers." Positively cure the
BaS^'rtliSBl worst cases in old ar.d y.ounz
rat "&&V ,<&-' arising- from effects of self-
: wfeSc)fi^« ' abuse-.disslpation.excesses or
" cisarette-smoklng." Cure Lost
\BBB»r^ > ; Manhood,.'^ Impotency, Lost"
. Power. Xicrht Losses, Insdm-
nik; Pafris-in Back, Evil Des!re«»::Iiahie Back,
Nervous-I>ebility. Headaiche, "Cnfltness; to Mar-"
ry, LosirofSemeri' -^ -^, Varicocele; or Con-
stipation.' Stop Ner" »5 Cl# * ou»: TwtUjhlng of
Eyelids. 1 Effects are^^^-Jinmedlati!; Im-
part vigor arid pote CE»TS ncy t o evtry func-
tion.- Don't get despondent; a 1 cure'is' at hand:
Restore' small, • undeveloped organs.' *€.tlmulate
the bralri : arid nerve centers; 53c a bbs; 6 lor
$2 50 by riail. A written guarantee tccure or
money* refunded with 6 boxes; Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Bills , st...
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third st.
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITOCO.
We are developinr more ore every day and
will build a' large furnace as soon as' possible.
A. limited amount of treasury stock ia offered
at 60c. per share for this purpose. At the Silver
Creek Quicksilver Mine the furnace is running"
and producing: Quicksilver and large todies of
rich ' ere are beins uncovered. Quicksilver for
sale' In lots' to suit.
Investigate this offer. .
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager,
7. North. Market st., San Jo3e.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearny St., San Francisco. '
F. DE FKE2ITAS, Agent.
scribers toThe CALIi are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium' rate of SI. 50.
The C-AXIi Premium- Atlas
is the. very best Atlas offered
newspaper readers. We invite
comparison with/ any other
Atlas novr' offered on this
coast.
This fins Atlas is offered to
CALL readers at the ex-
tremely low price of SI. 50.
All new six months sub-
CALL ATLAS IS
OFFERED
. ON THE COAST
SfEtLIN'^ FOOE> COMPANY, BOSTON, M&SS.
SEND FOR A FREE j SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
]\igilii^ Food does not
¦ overtax tie infant's stom-
aen \ witn insoluble, indi-
ges|i|Ie or unsuitable nia-
teM MeMln'S Food is
n^url^ning 1 and comforting
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WKARF, COR-
tier First and Brannan etreets. at 1 p. m.,
tot TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <HIogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong, with Fteamers for
India, etc. No carjo received on board on
day of calling.
fo£ NIPPON MARU.. Friday. "September 27. 1301
SS." AMJSRICA MARL'
..Wednesday. October 23. 1901
HS. HONGKONG *IARU
» Saturday. November 16, 1801
Pound-trip tickets ot reduced rates. For
frelrlit and passage apply «t company's oface,
<'I Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Frcni New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
*ZeeJaji<3 Sept. 2" 1 * Vaderland Oct. IB
Friecland .'. Oct. 21 Kensington Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. SrZeeland ...Oct. 30
•Stop at Cherbourg castbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery- Et.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 19 a. m.
Haverford Sept. Ill St. Paul Oct. 3
9t. Louis Sept. ;.' St. Louis Oct. 16
PliilaUeSphia Oct. C| Philadelphia Oct. 13
WEW YORK. EOCTHAKPTON. I.a!n50N. PASI3.
AMERICAN LINE.
Superior Service — Quick Time.
THE SHORT LIKE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewistcn. Coear d'Alene and Bclse City
Geld MSnlriR Distrlcts.-
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General .Asrent, .
ICo. 1 MoRtconiery St.. Fan Francisco.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all point: East and in the ICorth-
V - west.
O. R. & /¥. CO,
Change et Seattle for this
company's fteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle cr Tacoma for Is. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m., Sept.
24. 19. 2i. 2?, Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
#-eles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. ra. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a. in.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
<San Luis Obi*po), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'New-port ("Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rcna, Saturdays, 9 a. ra. ; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days, S a. m.
For Ensersada, Magrdalena Bay. San Jiwe del
. Cafeo. Mazatlan. Altcts. I^a Paz. Santa Rosalia
end Guaymas (Mex.) — 1© a. m.. 7th each month.
Fcr further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to change'
rteamere, sailing clays and hours of sailing
without nrevlou* notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
K. %Yharf, San Francisco:
W?%^_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
j CB|i§Sji Sept. 13. 18, 23. IS. Oct. ?.
Ijji*fr5^j5^^ Change to company's steam-
' "gkl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I MMPLggRa C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
i r * t Gl!x!&sS Taco!na, Everett and New
" •^^S3eS» W'hatcom (Wart.)- 11 a. m..
Sept. 13. 18. 23. 2S. Oct. 3.
&%. R E R B jF^\ < " lCS - Ammuniticn, Fish-
i ¦B PW»S^"! np Tackle, Sporting, Out-
9-1 B tig Jns Goods. Largest Stock.
H-g HI E W S^M Catalogue and job .Sheet.
¦ B BERSVE & BARBEE CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
iMUSEUH OF AHATOHY#
B ¦ C$ 155aKA22rT5r.tet~6±t7ti,S.F.C:l. i
> <H[ ,.. Tfc ' La , r ?'»t Anatomical Museum in the \
• [jiS S I on tbc Coast- Est. 5« ytirs. <{?
f Jf^^g DR - JORDAK-DISEASES OF KEN A
A I "5^^ 8 Consultstion free and stricsiv privife. \
r * S^-St 0 Tr '" alm ' ;nt personal!)- or by letter. A A
\ B W "vl H Ptmtivt Ctq;e in erery case endertaken. \
m f ij 11© u >i« for Book. PniLOKOPn V.r /
\ II II WAnitlACK. MAILED FEEE. (AT
A C* ij- valuable book for men) \
W Dlt. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. f
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
ISSj 91 " ' ¦ HnR ' * - .^fl'k' BH H - H» I ? fBO ' - >gJWK * j^ff^K ¦ ¦ flRl*- *
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
ABVEBTISEIitENTS.
TELEPHG?*E •»»»
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Our 30 years' experience in buy-
ing the highest grades of groceries
guarantees you the lowest prices.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
BUTTER, cr£ e ~fie§.45c,37^csq
BEESWAX CANDLES, " A Hf r " bra »-v
COFFEE, 2 lbs: 55c
f re!n a dii,f end - Roa^ and
pRRING,-l^-|on r 6 for . 25c
Imported Holland.
CASTILE S0AP, 2 . lb b^...'v bJ (J c
Made of pure cocoanut oil. ' " • ." "
HAMAMELIS »^^g2S^ ¦
qt. 48c, pt. 25c, half-pt. 15c
For burns, ecalds. bruises, etc
AMMONIA,'?—^Sc h -qt.bqt. 20c
AMMONIA;' Gr %|. T^^-"-t,ottle25c
t Rose, lavender and violet. . *
MACARONI, "Cal" Reg. 25c. box 20c
VermlceUI or epachetU.
CLARET, Reg. 50c. gallon 35c
A rood sound table wine.
COGNAC, Reg..51.75. bottle $1.35
Thre* Etar, bottled In France. Tricoche.
Bonniot & Co.
"KEST TONIC," Pabst Malt Extract
ttZ. 25c bot. 20c
¦ "¦¦ 12.50 doz. 9"ij:5
ALMOND GRINDER, ™* each^Sc
Regular $1.25. For grinding all kinds of
nuts, cheese, vegetables, etc
TABLE 0ILa0TH, l Vo I i u d%e^ ac o k ni! nd
I!4 yard wide. Reg. 30c; yard 20e
1*4 yard wide. Reg. 35e; yard 25c.
CIGARS — < 'VET.ASQTTEZ" seems to
please the most fastidious smoker-
try them.
Catalogue of the largest variety' and
nigrnest quality of groceries In the coun-
try furnished free.
EADWAT'S'KEA"BT BELIEF ha» stood
•unrivaled: before the ¦public for" £0 years as^a
Pain Hemedy. •; It instantly: relleV-ea'and quickly
cures all CoKis. Sore Throats. -Influenza; Bron-
chitis," Pneumonia. Uehumatism, ¦ ; NeuV-algfa;
Headache, Toothache" and air pamr- Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel "Pains." All druggists.'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fels-Naptha
¦ .S:to a..m.'. 3:15 and S: 30 p. m., excepUSur.day'
Sunday, 9:45 a. . m.,' 8:30 p. m: Leaves Vallejo
7: a: m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday, .7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 . cents
Telephone Main 1508." Landing "and office pier
2. ¦ MlsslonrEt, dock.- HATCH BROS. ¦¦..
A mechanic gets the best
tools wherewith to work.
Why shouldn't a woman ? \
The best household tool
known is Fels-Naptha soap- -
With it the drudgery of
clothes-washing and house-
cleaning is not half as t much
as usual, because there's ? no ¦
boiling.
If upon thorough trial of I
Fels-Naptha soap you don't , !
-findihis true, your grocer will
promptly refund your money.
We authorize him to do so.
*X ' , ! ' ' ' '.'
Fel» & Co. Gray,' Lang & Stroll :
.'., Phtladelphia (Inc.),' Hay, Francisco.
I" 1 =^ ==M\\-NEWS OF THE SEA AND ALONG SHORE
As a result of. the mosquito plague a
female brass band has refused "to fuliill an
engagement to play nightly. in a conce-t
garden near Fort Hamilton," Long Island.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 15.— Errors behind Hahn
v/ere costly. . The pitching was gilt-edged. At
tendance 35C0. Score:
R. " H. E.
Cincinnati ". 0 3' ' ¦ 2
Pittsburg 3 5 1
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Tannehill and
ZImmer. . - -
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.— Harper grew strong
after- the fourth, while Hughes weakened and
was batted all over the lot in the last three
innings. Attendance 6SC0. Score: ,
R. H. E.
Chicago ". 6 .9 2
St. Louis 13 15- -'4
Batteries— Hughes and Kilns; Harper, Hel
don and Nichols. •
AMERICAN LEAGUE,
DETROIT. Sept. 15.— Bracken was f hit all
over, the field and had miserable support. . The
Cleveland team was listless., The game,: which
was the last one of the local season, was called
in the eighth to allow. Cleveland to catch a
train. Attendance 5CC0. Score: . . . '
- . ..¦¦¦•¦' R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 .: 5.. ' '> 3
Detroit .(...21. 23 5
Batteries— Bracken and O'Connor; Selver and
B-^elow. : ¦ ... ....- • -- ,. • , •
CHICAGO, Sept. • 15.— Chicago wound up the
local season by taking two , games from Mil
waukee before a crowd .numbering 18,0OO.'-Score:
; First same — ' * ¦ •' '- : . - R. - H. ! E.
Chicago .5 8 ¦ ! 2
Milwaukee : 4. 6 ' 1
Batteries— Callahan and Sugden; Husting and
Donahue. ¦ ¦ .
Second same — ' . R. H. E.'
Chicago . v .... .~*9 .¦ 16.. 2
Milwaukee 4 -9 • 2
Batteries— Piatt, Griffith and Sullivan; Gar
vin, Reldy arid Donanue. .- ¦¦ '¦
The yacht> Royal and schooner Chlspa
were under way yesterday.
Next Sunday the Sitn Francisco Yacht
Club has an outside "cruise on its pro
gramme, under signal from . the nagshin
On Saturday, September 21, the fleet will
cruise to Vallejo, and next day will race
down to Sausalito. .* '
The yawl Phyllis, with Captain Charles
and Mrs, Chlttenden on board, left Sau
salito on Saturday, for a two weeks' cruise
up the . Sacramento RiverJ .-
Testerday was a quiet day/among the
yachtsmen. The Sausalito and Tiburon
club-houses and yachts carried American
flags at half-mast. There were no regular
cruises. The following yachts cruised to
McNears Landing: The sloops Cygnus,
Sapho, Mischief, Juanita, • Dewey, Har
poon, Truant, Edna and Clara.. A fair
breeze took the yachts up to the Landing,
but on the return trip the wind fell light
off California City. It was nearly 7 o'clock
before the boats made their moorings.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy's schooner
Ramona reached her Sausalito anchorage
on Tuesday evening, having taken thir
teen days to beat up from Sari Diego and
having experienced winds either bafflingly
light or very heavy. She. put in at Port
Harford to replenish her stock of pro
visions. ' : ¦ * . - ¦ • . ¦ •
Bay, Falling in Light and
Fluky Breezes.
Several Boats Cruise in the Upper
Fifth race, eeven furlonps. three-year-oltls
and up— Helen Smith • 105, Lucidla 105, Mike
Rice 106, Ringmaster 106, El Fonse . 10."., Jim
McCleevy' 114, Billy Moore 111, Howard 10S.
Third race, six furlongs," Golden Gate Handi
cap three-year-olds and up — Mike Strfcuss 98.
Sir Dougal 112, Kitty Kelly -86, David S 111,
Good Hope 107.
Fourth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds—
Evea G 105, Arthur Ray 100, Inocencia 109,
Parlzade 105. Royalty 105.'
Second race, five and a half furlongs, three
vear-olds and up— Sugden 109, Saul of Tarsus
109, The Gaffer 103, Master Cal 103. Firelight II
109. Del Vista 163. Flamero 109.. .
First race, mile heats, three in five, 2:11
trot— Claudius, Dan W, Alte Velo, Oslto,
Lynall, Boydello.
Following are the entries:
The-features of the card to-day, are the
2:14 class trot and the Golden Gate handi
caps
The 1 race meeting of the Golden Gate
Society, which opens at Emeryville track
this afternoon, has aroused general inter
est among horsemen. Not only will the
pick of the running division be seen, but
all the crack harness horses which par
ticipated in the racing at Sacramento.
While the sport at the last named- meet
was good, it .should be surpassed at
Emeryville, as the class of- entries will
be higher. Favonius, Rosewar and other
cracks of the Burns &. Waterhouse stable
are here after their Chicago campaign and
will be seen at the barrier. Charles Patter
son will send All Green to the post, and
in all likelihood F. W. Erode. Triaditza
and Timemaker will sport the Schorr
colors.
Meeting.
the Gate Racs
Fine Card for Opsning . : Day of
YACHTS FLY AMERICAN : r ¦ "
FLAGS AT HALF-MAST
HARNESS AND BUNNING
EVENTS AT EMEBYVTLLE
was utterly outclassed. His admirers
claim he can step a mile in 2:05, and from
the manner in which he jogged home a
mile in 2:09% in a third heat this assertion
looks a most probable one. -. ••
San Francisco Turner • Schuetzen, . bullseye
shoot— G. Tammeyer 1465, C. H. Sagphorn 1054,
O. "Burm^ister 1186, G. Gassner 264. "Captain At
tinsv 10U, F.- A. , Schrumpf 1977, - J. Straub
1030, L. , Bruner 855, H. Enge ¦ 173, ¦ A. Utschig
1733, B. Jonas 457, P. Jacoby 733, . J. J. Ruehn
1456, W. Nolden 1611. ... , " fc .. \
San Francisco Grutll Shooting Section, bulls
eye shoot— First, F. Baumgarten; second, F.
Simmen; third. A; Gehret: fourth, A. '.von Wyl;
fifth. C. Ott: sixth, E. Suter; seventh, C. Gut;
eighth. J. Furrer; ninth, . J. Dornbler; tenth,
J. Fetz. . ' ...
California Schuetzen Club, bullseye shoot— A.
Hampel 462. F. A. Schrumpf 3G5, C. Zimmer
man 1408, D. Englander 457," ¦ O. Burmeister
14E4, II. Harter 1159, F. Carroll (cadet) 1342,
M.-P. Blasse 1448, F. Attin&er 407, H. Becker
(cadet) 79, W. Blasse 14S7, D. W. McLaughlln
625, 'C.-M. Rousseau 953, G. w Tammeyer 991, J.
C. Waller 734. C. • M. Henderson 1010, A. Rah
wyler 1615, A. Gehret " 617, A. Bertleson . 798,
O. Ohrtlandt 699, J. Straub 410, A. Stettin 637,
F. C. Hagerup 1542. A: von Wyl . 1155, O.
Bremer 660, R. Langre 630, C. Gut 2360, W.
Ehrenpfort 1619, J. Horstman 180, H. Enge
1402, J. Jones 14S2, D. B. Faktor 634, O. Lud
wig,1244, A. .Utschig 12S0, J. "Fetz 1076, M.
Reubold 1C58, F. E. . Mason 1251, G. Ritsch
muller Sr. 1199. E. Woenne 1986. F. RIede ISTS,
C. Meyer 928, L. Reubold 977, G; Rltschmuller
Jr. 798, T. J. Carroll 1429.
At luncheon N. Ehrenpfort arose and
proposed a silent toast be 1 drunk to the
memory, of the departed % martyr. This
was done by the whole. assemblage.
Tho scores made in the diff eren t clubs
were as follows:
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 15.— There was a
large gathering ¦: of marksmen at the
Schuetzen Park ranges to-day.- The rifle
men did not want to hold their shoot to
day. It was necessary, however, in order
to keep the records straight for the year.
favorite in the: auction pools 'and won'
each of his two -start's, in-* three- straight
heats. El DlabJo, another son of Diablo,
was the only contender able to get with
in haling distance of Sir Albert, and he
ON SCHUETZEN" P AEK ' RANGES.
tity last spring, he has never, suffered de
feat, and the limit of his speed is still a
question to be solved. At the recent State
Fair meeting held , at ; Sacramento the
Diablo sidewheeler sold an overwhelming
THE only sensational \i arriess horse
to appear on the California circuit
this season is Sir Albert S, 2:08%.
the bay son of Diabio, owned by
¦ V W. G. Layng. An unknown quan-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO S'AIL.
NOTE— The high. and. low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at r Fort Point:
the. height of tide, is the - same at both place j.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
'-Waters .'• at Fort Point, entrance ; to San
, . . Francisco Bay. Published by official -, au
v thorlty of the Superintendent."
Sun, Moon* and Tide.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 11— Br stmr Em
press of Japan 'from Vancouver.- ¦ .
SYDNEY— Arrived Sent 13— Br stmr Moana
from Vancouver. .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived ,- Sept . 13— Br stmr
Glenesk from Tacoma..
FOREIGN PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 15— U S stmr Phila
delphia,: from cruise;, Fr bark Henriette, from
Honolulu: Br stmr Palatina. 'from Shanghai.
Sailed Sent 35— Nor stmr Try -for ; bktn
Tarn o' Shanter for San Francisco. - •¦¦•""
• EUREKA— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr - Pomona,
hence Sept 14: stmr Alliance, hence Sept 11.
PORT. TOWNSEND-i Arrived Sept 15-Schr
Joseph Russ. from Salinas Cruz. .
Sailed Sept" 15— Br ship Edenballymore for
Tacoma ;.. Danish ; ship, Jupiter for : schr
Balboa for Valoaralso. - <
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived ScDt 13— Schr
Laura Madsen from San Pedro.
' VENTURA— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Geo Loo
mis for San Francisco. ¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 14^-Stmr
.Colon for San Francisco. - \ V ,
Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Alcazar from — -.
PORT LTJDLOW— Arrived Sept 15— Bark Al
bert frcm Port Townsend. •:¦'.-¦
Sailed Sept 15— Schr Defender for Hilo.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16.
FROM SEATTLE.
Four Aces
Arc In every pack of cards we sell. Qual
ity Is ln them, too, and, fair prlcesare on
them. We keep all styles of backs and
also the largest assortment . .' of poker
chips, dice, game counters and tally cards
to be found in the city. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street- . •
• ¦ NOTE— In , the | above ' exposition of.' the tides
the. early, morning tides. are given in | the left
hand I column • and f the , successive .. tides . of tin
day In.tho order of occurrence as, to time; tho
fourth time j column gives the last ! tide of ,the
day, except. when there are but, three' tides, as
sometimes occurs. :*¦ The '. heights-, given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts." except when a minus (— )
blgn precedes the height, and then ! the I number
riven is - subtracted ? from the depth given \ by
the charts.'. The plane of reference is the meaa
of ,th« -lower low waters, ,-
The iteamshius St. Paul.' Santa ' Rosa
and Bristol got away yesterday morning.
Ernest Seele, chief officer of the Iyucile,
fell from aloft yesterday and broke sev
eral of his ribs. He "was treated at the
Harbor Hospital. ' .-.'•¦'
Water Front Notes.
Charley Fair's j r acht. the Lucero, went
into comrhissiori again yesterday. She has
been overhauled and re-timbered' below, the
water line and is now as good a^ new.
Her owner arrived from Europe last Sat
urday and is going: to spend the duck sea
son on . the Sacramento. Yesterday the
Lucero went to Cordelia Slough. and was
anchored alongside Fair's ark. - He and
his friends. will begin shooting ducks just
as soon as the season opens. -
Luccro in Commission.
REGULAR GAME.
J. Ricrdan and J.'Gonl....'. ........3* aces
M. Dillon and M. Bardor.'. .....17 aces
FREXCH GAME.
M. DUlcn and M. Bordor * 35 aces
J. iliorran and J. Goni ...28 aces
W. H. Sleberst 21— lfr-21— 17— 21
J. Dug{ran 13-21-14-21-W
P. Tata and D. Regan '. 21— 14— 21— IS— 21
E Barry and J. Foley 13 — 21 15—21 17
C, Smith and C. Lakln 21— *>0 21—21
E. Barrj' and J. Foley -...18— 21— 13— n
H. Raccuillet and P. McKinncn....Jl— 14— 21— "1
L. Carrsine <snd M. McNeil :.1»— 21— 1»— 16
W. H. Kfrar and K. J. Sweeney.. 21— 'l— ic— 19— ?i
J. Ward and W. Ward 17-20-21^11— 18
The handball games yesterday at th»
San Francisco court resulted as follows: jjj
M. Klrby and J. McBrearty "1— 12— 2l_'»i
C. Murrey and J. Kirby '.li-21-lS-li
In the Handball Courts.
The v schooner Rosamond had a harrow
escape off port last Saturday njght. She
ran into a sleeping whale -and for a mo
ment - Captain and his officers
thought they! were ¦ on the Farallones.
Soon after the, sh,ock all hands knew what
had happened and the pumps showed that
the schooner had been as little damaged
as the whale.-". Captain Johnson is of the
opinion that the mammal is the same that
went asleep in front of the Bonita and
caused dire disaster to the pilot service.
Hosamond in Trouble.
NUSHAGAK— Sailed "Auk 25— Ships !W H,
Macy, Isaac Reed and Harry s Morse, for San ¦
Francisco. . v ¦>•.'•-,-.. : -> ¦ -, . .:¦¦..
" To sail Aus 27— Bark Guy C Goes, for San
Francisco. '•• . \ •-. ¦ ~. ¦_ ¦ . .. : ¦ ( i ¦•-:.— ••" ,'i-v
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 15— Br ship Edenbal
lymore ¦ and" Danish, ship ,- Jupiter,"^ from ¦ Port:
Townsend. V . . . . ¦¦ . . . , •
• Sailed • Sept 15— Ship Jabez : Howes, for Syd
ney. ..-I'.: i '. ; , ., ' .;;¦.'- ¦'¦
DOMESTIC i PORTS.
Per ship Berlin— Sept 13. off Mendoclno. ichr
Lottie Bennett, from Grays Harbor for Guay
mas. . " > -¦•.-.«.¦¦.- ¦ -i. -.-.._:-'- y '
POINT LOBOS, Sept 15.. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 8 miles per hour. -
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED. ¦
. ' '', ¦;¦' Sunday, September' 13. !
Etmr St Paul. Hays, Nome and St ' Michael.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Bodega. - v -<¦'..
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, . Oyster Harbor. 1
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander,. San Dieco. v
Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu.
Stn:r Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, southern- coast. •
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle,- Fort Bragg. . .
Stmr Arcata,, 'Nelson, Coos Bay. :
Saturday,' September 14.
Ship Berlin, Gillespie, 15 days from Cooks
Inlet. v .,-..;.. . .
Schr Rosamond, Johnson,' 19 days from Hono
lulu.' - ¦ ¦ ¦ f> •• . .
Schr C A Thayer, Moncn, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. S"
\ Sunday, September 15. -
Stmr Walla Walla, -'Hall, 61 hours from .Vic
toria; etc. . . ¦ -t . • . . -,
Stmr Bureka, Jessen,' 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 5 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 36 hours. *....-¦.
Bark' Haydn Brown, Asplund, 48 hours from
Eureka. ... - ,
Ship Cashing Wave, Lancaster,' 10 days from
Tacoma. .%..:¦
Br ship Elllsland,. Forrest, 45 days from Yo
kohama. . . ' , . ' -
Schr Winchester, Henderson, • 17 • days from
Urea. • •' ¦ ¦ ".'¦ -' ¦' ' ¦'
Ship America, Harding. -0 days from Nusha
sak. "¦-.-• . ; • ' ' ..-...•. « ¦ ¦ <
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Soon after getting away from the Sound
Bronson and J. "J. . McElvoy had a row.
Officers, of the ship tried to settle the
difficulty, but 'only succeeded for a time.
The "Walla Walla "was barely outside of
Flattery, when the combatants came to
gether and Bronson drew a revolver. . F.
Li. Day, a" cabin boy, attempted' to sep
arate the men and grot a bullet in his leg^.
Captain Hall fixed up the wounded man
and sent him to his home at 1012 Devisa
dero street as soon as the steamship dock
ed. Bronson w!1!' be arraigned before the
United States District Judge this morn-
Ing. . , '•
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Walla Walla arrived frofii Puget Sound
ports yesterday morning. C. Bronson, one
of the passengers, was In custody and
Captain' Hall handed him over to the har
bor police as soon as the steamship
docked. . ; . ' -
The steam schooner Mandalay arrived
yesterday with the crcv/ of the British
bark Baroda., All hope of saving the ves
sel' has. been abandoned, and Captain
Marr decided that there was no further
use.jf or • the sailors. I The vessel has now
been%practically abandoned: ' • ¦ -. ¦ '¦-.-
Thomas Hartman got into a row on the
front yesterd-ay and was shot In the head.
At the Harbor Hospital it was found that
the wound was superficial. .' • . : • ¦
The St. Paul and' Bristol: left with non
union crews and were not hindered by the
union men. ¦ . ¦- • :• ¦ ., , : . : ¦.
The event of most interest at the Shell
Mound ranges yesterday was the annual
eagrle shoot of the Deutscher Krieger
\ erein. The organization was weil repre
sented in point of numbers, and enthusl
*asm ran high until the last bit of Une
wooden bird was shot away. II. Juergens
ST7?f e . <l i tne c J own ' Max * Lengfeld tSS
ri^ht talon and the scepter, George Hetzel
the ring, Carl Henninger the held, Osc^r
Dammer the neck, J. Koeverle the right
l?Oriir£CE&; ?^ av . alry - National Guard
vnl^- »T a< pe 1 *** regular State re
volver shoot for September yesterday
The' results are as follows: "- IU *y-
Captain C. Janeen «. Lieutenant E A
i- 6 - f* 1 *?.* 111 J - P " E " arr "• Serseant H H
era ». c. B. Thcrp 27, \V. Spanhake 22 1
Kruger Verein Proves Most
Successful.
Annual Eagle Shoot of the Dsutsch-r
INTERESTING CONTESTS
HELD AT SHELL MOTTNJ)
G. X. Bates and Hall Marsh Remain
in for the Finals to Be Played
Next Sunday.
The first tournament held on the Golden
Gate Park courts yesterday proved a suc
cess. The affair lacked class but was en
joyed by both players and spectators The
eight players entered were divided into
three classes, each class allowing the one
leen^ATtV T^E °i "on^ffff flf!
teen. At the end of the day's play two
m t n *; cre left »n the finals, which a^e
scheduled for next Sunday. The succets
™ P> a >;fs "ere G. K. Bates, first "ass
« nd Hall Marsh, third class. The former
Played the best game of the day and Is a
strong favorite for first honors
AliPn »™! r fl£ nd ¦**£ Tw *Sgs allowed
r £ x£ ye f 8 flfteen and won, 6-4. 6-5.
er ?*«? rrl8 .. gave Ha!e Marsh odds of
half-«teen." which proved too much as
the latter won in straight sets, 6-5,^ 6-6
G K. Bates and O. J. Beyfujs. first clais
SI o?^ 0 V ven terms and the Dest ten
straight sets, b—3. 6—3. Roy Page and
Alex Beyfuss. third class men played
even and the latter won, fr-4 6-5 playe<1
In the semi-finals Twigg.gave Marsh
fifteen and after winning the first set
M*i. b h . l0 f the ncxt two - Th e score in
Marsh s favor was 1— «, C— 5 6—4 Bates
allowed a. Beyfuss odds of flfteen and
won in straight sets. 6-3, 6—1
r2« 110 """*? C. 'J. Dunlap. ex-cham-
Ti n n £ f Tennessee, and H. Routh. the best
* o n mffl «*. the park players, participated
suUelaT™iow^ MfOmia rC '
Johnson. €-4. 6-1; P. Kahn beat H.^t 4%
-6 e's fce" tl'Jl- T ro 5 beck beat Schmidt.
«"i" ei 1 1?;, 6S - *" €: J - G 'bson beat Golcher
Cr^^F^ 6 " 4: L - E - W «* G.
In diiTh'.es R. Kf. and G. F. Whitney beat
FIRST TENETS TOUEJTET
IN GOLDEN" GATE PARK
Champion James J. Jeffries and his
next opponent, Gus Ruhlin, enjoyed the
opportunity yesterday of seeing one an
other In action. The occasion was a bene
fit for the striking machinists and the
place Armory Hall. Market and Tenth
Btreets. Both boxers appeared In the
ruddiest of health, Jeffries in particular
being almost In condition to enter the ring
and defend his title to the championship.
Jeffries had as sparring partner his
brother Jack. They went three fast
rounds, the big fellow devoting most of
his time to ducking and side-stepping the
vicious swings and jolts of his brother.
The champion was on top of his opponent
all the time, giving him but little oppor
tunity to score effectively. His footwork
i» a revelation In quickness when his
great bulk is taken into consideration.
Huhlin has taken matters easy in his
training, as their meeting la still two
™g?h tn ,? ° ff - He looks unusually bigr.'but
Billy' Madden, his trainer, says Me
ecaJes only 203»i pounds, while he expects
to fight at the 2(X>-pound notch. He boxed
yesterday with "Denver" Ed Martin, who
is & likely man himself. They gave a
p^f«"2' «h">Itlon of hitting and stopping,
which showed both off to advantage
1 ? B?£\ dtsc^ssed question of Jef
?¦&?¦ .t 2^ , forfel t will be settled to-dav.
Billy Delaney promises to meet Harr'y
Coroett at the latter's place this after
noon at 2 o clock to complete his part m
clinching the match for the championship.
He says the money has been ready for
some time, but he did not see any neces
6Uy for haste, especially as he had not
bTu? fif Kg ,£ ued . the ¦*"»« for th «
?hif'vwi" 11 * 1 hI r S par . ty Ie . ave t0 - nI eht on
£t£hf^ t 0T s To-morrow
nignt the .champion takes on GriOln for
£ 1 rt r ™ UndS -v He WIU come north agal"
k?° .? T ne . w t ek fron » to-morrow will meet
icfr,^ 6 n " ed y at the Reliance Club.
tK*??, l1 7 to etay four rounds,
t «£? !rd ,? out on the Programme yes
terday was between Alex Greggalns "the
workingman-s friend," as Billy Jordan an!
t£H? i him ' a J» d George Gardner
*^V?,,<3^ la . nce of the Programme was con
tributed, by vaudeville artists, including
G.'S I J 1 W enStdn ' Ed DaIe al *
Both Men Show to Advantage
in Friendly Boxing
Bouts.
Rivals for the Champion
ship Appear at a
Benefit.
RUHLIN SEES
JEFFRIES SPAR
SIR ALBERT S, THE UNDEFEATED PACING WONDER
OF THIS YEAR'S CALIFORNIA RACING CIRCUIT
Great Son of Diablo Outclasses All. the Other
Western .Horses--- Jogs " Home Ahead
- ....; of His "Fie'ds at the State Fair , Meet
CHAMPION JAMES J. JEFFRIES WILL POST HIS FORFEIT TO-DAY WITH HARRY CORBETT
DEWDROP WINS
ANOTHER STAKE
UNCLE'S PLAYERS
TAKE TWO GAMES
and a single by Hemphill did the trick.
Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Heraphill, c. t 4.0 1 0 10 0
Reltz. 2b 3 0 0 0 5 8ft
Hutchlnson, lb 3 0 0 0 11 1 1
Athertcn. r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Dougherty, 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hall. 3b 3 1110 4 0
Kelly, a. a 3 110 3 8 1
Spies, c ....3 1 0 1 6 0 .0
McPartlin, p 3 0 10 0 4 9
Totals .28 3 4 2 27 15 J
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrennan. c. f 3 0 0 0 10 9
Mohler, 2b 4 0 0 0 5 7. 2
Strelb. r. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
¦Hasan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Moskiman. 1. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 l>
Lehman, lb 4 1 2 0 13 1 0
Arrellanes, s. s 3 0 0 0 0 4 1
Hansen. c 4 0 0*0420
Schmidt, p 3 0 1-0,1 3 0
Totals 32 1 5 0 21 17 4
RUNS AND HITS BY IXNIXGS.
Lea Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 •— 3
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 10 3 •— 4
Oakland 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 r— 4*-
Base hits .....0 10 0 2 10 0 1—3^
, . SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— McPartlin 1. Schmidt 1.
Three-base hit — McPartlin. - Two-base hits-
Hall. Kelly. First base on errors— Los AnseJes
3, Oakland 1. First base on called balls—Oak
land 3. Left on bas»s>— Los Anjreles t. Oakland
7. Struck cut— By Schmidt 2. by McPartlin 2.
Time of game — liSS. Umpire — Decker.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— At Vailsburg
track to-day two world's bicycle records
were broken. George Schreiber of New
York, in the quarter mile handicap for
amateurs, covered the distance In 31
seconds. M. I. Hurley of New York won
the five mile race for amateurs In 11:06 2-5.
The former record was 11:13 4-5. „
•
"Will Handle Stanford Athletes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 15.—
J. TV. Austin, who has been engaged as
rubber for the football squad, arrived on
the campus to-day. He has held a simi
lar position with the Los Angeles Athletic
Club.
New Cycle Race Harks.
'¦ Chiarlnl Bros.' successful greyhound.
Dewdrop.'won the thirty-two-dog special
stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
beating A. R. Curtis' fast dos Rector In
an Interesting and hard fought trial. The
stake was a high class affair, numbering
among its entries the pick of the cham
pion greyhounds. The evenness of the
betting in this event was noticeable,
though . Bonnie Pasha's victory over
Homer Boy and America's defeat of Fly
ing Fox served to break the monotony
lor the piker. Homer Boy was a 1 to 5
favorite and Flying Fox was figured a ( ¦
stake winner and a 1 to 4 choice for they
course. . _ , • ' * : • ~
Dewdrop got a bye In the first round,
won a close course from Sacramento Boy
in the next and then defeated War Eagle,
Wedgewood and Rector, the last two on
the short end.
At the call for tire final Dewdrop had
US seconds of coursing and Rsctor 193.
Despite the handicap Rector was made
the choice* and at slip time sold at 3 to 5.
Dewdrop showed to better advantage and
after a long course drove the hare to his
opponent for the kill. Score, 15-11.
In the seventy-two-dog open event D. J.
Healy's Tiburon beat Chiarinl Bros.*
Tame Tralee in the deciding course by a
score of 13-9. The runner up was some
what handicapped in getting a hard day's
coursing, though his performance show3
him to be a comer. Up to the final the
youngster had 222 seconds of work, while
Tiburon, his opponent, had but ninety
nine. In the fourth he was beaten in a
bye with Master . Workman. The pikers
were tempted by the price. 1 to 7, and
won considerable on the fresh -courser.
Fannie Hughle's defeat of Amedee in tha
run down furnished the only other upaet
iirthts stake.
Following are the results by rounds,
with Judge John Grace's official scores:
Seventy-two-do? open stake, third round— H.
Periso's Controller beat J. Dowling's Sir Law
rence, 9-6; T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall beat
Sterl & Knowlea* Olita. 3-2; E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie beat T. Barre's Amedee. 2-0; D. J.
Healey's Tiburon beat T. J. Mclnerney'3 Regina
R, 6-2; Ed Neave"9 First Foot beat P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold. 6-2: Ed Neave's Castaway
beat J. A. Klein's Coronado. 4-2: Pasha Ken
nels' Master Rocket beat George Sharman's St.
Ives. 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
T. J. Cronin's Jennie G, 7-0; Chiarini Bros.'
Tame Tralee beat Sterl & Knowle's Sleety Mi&t,
9-4.
Fourth round — Annie Hall beat Controller, , i
16-12; Tiburon beat Kannle Hughie. 4-0; Masteri f
Rocket beat First Foot, 5-4; Castaway beat
Royal Archer. 5-4: Tame Tralee a bye.
' Fifth round — Tiburon beat Annie Hall. 8-1;
Tame Tralee beat Castaway, 4-2; Master Rock
et a bye.
Sixth round— Tiburon a bye; Tame Tralee
beat Master Rocket. 10-4. - \ .-
Deciding course— Tiburon beat Tame Tralee.
12-9.
Thirty-two-dog open stake, first round — Ae
neld Kennels' Fine Fire beat J. R. McCarthy's
John Doe, 4-3: F. Jones' Wedgewood beat P.
J. Reilly's Royal Union. 6-2; E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha beat O. Za.nl' a Homer Boy. 8-6; A. R.
Curtis" Narcissus beat T>. J. Healey's Lady
Clare, 5-0; P. II. Curtis' War Eagle beat Sterl
& Knowlea' For Glory, 10-4; George Graham's
Tyrone Prince beat Star Kennels' Mayflower,
13-5; D. "Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat P.
Doyle'3 Liberator, 4-1: Chiarlnl Bros.' Dewdrop
a bye; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat Chiarini
Bros." Santonin, 3-2: T. J, Mclnerney'* JJora
beat P. M. Curtis' Shadow. 4-3; Chiarini Bros."
"White Hat beat Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride,
4-3; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat J. Mortality's
Snapper Garrison, 16-5: A. R. Curtis" Flying
Fox beat Ed Neave's Spiteful. 9-4:- E. Geary's
America beat Pasha Kennels' For Freedom. 7-3;
A. R • Curtis' Rector beat George Sharman's
Black* Flu?h, 12-10; George Nethercotfs Flood
gate beat P. M. Curtis' Anchor. 12-4.
Second round — "Wedgewood beat Fine Fire.
4-0; Narcissus beat Bonnie Pasha. 6-3; "War
Eagle beat Tyrone Prince, 7-5; Dewdrop beat
Sacramento Boy, 5-4; Harlean Gladys beat
Nora, 6-1; Luxor beat "White Hat. 14-8: Amer
ica beat Flying Fox, 4-1; Rector beat Flood
gate. 5-0.
Third round— Wedgewood beat Narcissus, 2-0:
Dewdrop beat "War Eagle, 4-3; Harlean Gladys
beat Luxor, 4-2; Rector beat America, 7-0.
Fourth round— Dewdrop beat Wedgewood, 2-0:
Rector beat Harlean Gladys, 8-4.
Deciding course— Dewdrop beat Rector, 13-11.
Tiburon Outpoints Fact Tame
Traleo in ths Open
. " Final.
Beats Rector in C*as3
Event at Union
Park.
Shut Out the Senators
at Recreation
. ' Park.
of the Day.
Hildebrand, Doyle; McLaugh
j---Ulin;and Shay the Stars
San Francisco 4, Sacramento 0.
The German aggregation, with "Hine"
Kru3 doing," 1 pitshir's stunts, proved too
strong for tho. Statesmen yesterday at
Recreation grounds. While four of Uncle
Hank's pets mat 1 * the rounds of the bases
not a solitary Senator could find his isay
home. Hard luck proved s.n important
factor for Sacramento, however, as they
piled up six. safe. drives, but whenever a
hit was I really needed they- were found
woefully .lacking. McNeely's work in the 1
box was gilt-edged, but the locals man
aged to bunch their few hits at the right
time.
The Wasps began to. find McNeely in the
fourth round., Hildebrand started It with
a double, took third on Schwartz's hit
and. scored on Hanlon's error, which also
put Pabst on tli e initial bag-iind Schwartz
on the third station. At this juncture
Josh Reilly Hn^d out a pretty single and
both. men came home. . ¦, ¦•_:.
¦ Krug was tho fourth German to make
the round trip. In the sixth,' after Pabst
had been called out at the plate on a
doubtful decision, Krug managed, to make
third on a two-bagger and an out. Shay
was on first and started down to second,
and while the Senators were busily occu
pied in catching him between the bases
"Hine" crossed the, rubber. The board
read San Francisco 4. Sacramento 0, re
maining so -until .the ena.
The. men from the capita:;, were never
within 'striking distance of the coveted
home, plate. On two occasions they be
gan to bunch their hits, but the sharp
fielding of the. Dutch put a damper on
their hopes of sreoring.
An immense crowd was in attendance,
and it was a. 'Frisco crowd through a*nd
through. Perhaps it was the rooting that
Tielped* the locals to win. They put up an
exhibition of ball worthy of the National
League. Hildebrand, Doyle, McLaughlin
and Shay were the shining stars, each
man .accepting.. some hard chances for
their respective teams. .The, score:
SAN FRANCISCO
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
"Wilson, c 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hildebrand. ' 1. f 4 110 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b ;. 4 110 2 3]
Pabst, lb 2 1 0 0 13 1 0
Krug:. p.. 3 1110 10
Shay, s. s 4 0 0 0 4 6 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 4 • 0
Brockhoff, c. f 3 0 1 0 1 0-0
Totals 31 4 7 • 1 27 15 1
SACRAMENTO.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. 8 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
McLaughlln, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 2 0 110
Courtney. 2b 2 0 1 0 1 7 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 "1 0 7 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 9 11
McGucken, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
McNeely. p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 1 30 0 6 0 27 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
San Francisco 0 0 0 3 0 10 0 0 — I
Base hits 0 0 2 3 0 110 0—7
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 — 0
Base hits. 0 0 0 3 0 2 0 0 1— 6 j
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— McNeely 1. Two-base
hits— Hildebrand. Krug. Sacrifice hits— Krug.
Pabst. First base on errors — 5!an Francisco 1.
First base on called balls — San- Francisco* 1.
Sacramento 3. Left on bases— San Francisco
4, Sacrair-unto 6. Struck out— By Krug 3. Hit
by pitcher— Wilson. Double plays— Schwartz to
Shay to Pabst; Courtney to Devereaux to
Hanlon; ' Reilly to Shay to Pabst. .Time of.
pame— 1:23. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
.McFarlin. - : . ¦
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 4, Saci amento 2.
The morning game at Oakland went to
San Francisco by a score of 4 to 2. Hof
fer and, Whalen did the honors on the
slab for their respective teams. Whalen
was a bit wild, passing seven men. but
his curves were .hard to find, only three
hits being counted against him. The
Dutch hit Hoffer safely el.sht times, but
he allowed only two to walk.
Krug Uned the ball over the fence In the
sixth, which cinched the game. Devereaux
did not have his batting eye with him,
and made the Sacramento fans groan by
striking out three times. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 5 • 0 -1 0 3 0-0
"Wilson, c... 4 2 I 0 7 2 0
Hildebrand. 1. f 3 0 0*0 1 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 010 2 0 0
Pabst,. lb 4 1 :: 0 5 1 0
Krug, 2b 4 1 .2 0 3 3.0
Shay. s. s 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
J. Reilly, 3b SO 1. 0 2 1 2
Whalen, p 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals S3, 4.. !! 0 27. 10 2
SACRAMENTO.
„ ,. -AB. R. BM. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. .8 3 0 0 0 1 6 0
McLaughlln. 1. f.... 5 0 10 2 0 0
Sheehan. 3b.. 4 0 0 0 0 .2 , 0
Courtney,' 2b 0 0 0 2 3 2
Doyle, r. f....... 3 0 0 0 2 0 10
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4, 1 :l 1 12 0 1
McGucken, c. f 3 1 0 0 6 0 0
Hoffer, p....... 3 0 :i 0 0.41
Totals' ............29 2 :i 1 27 13 . 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco .1 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits.... 0 0 1.10 3* 0 2 ,1—8
Sacramento ......'.......0 0-0.0; 2 0 0 0 0—2
Ease. hlts.......... ; . ...0 0 0 0 2 0 0 f 0-3
SUMMARY.
Runs .responsible • for— "Whalen:'' 2. Hotter- 3.
Home run— Krog. . Two-base hlts->-HofCer. Mc-
Laughlln, Nordyke. Sacrifice hits--Whalen,
Hildebrand. i First base on «Trors— San Fran
cisco 2. Sacramento 2. First base on called balls
— San Francisco 2. Sacramento 7. Left on bases
— San Francisco 7, Sacramento ¦ 7. Struck out —
By /Whalen 7. by Hotter 1. Hit by pitcher-
Wilson. Double play— Reilly Id Krus to PaUst.
Time of game— 1:45. Umpire— Rube Levy. O'fl
cial scorer— Hj>B. McFarlin.
Angels Win on Home Grounds.
.LOS ANGELES. Sept. 15. : — McPartlin and
Schmidt had a pitchers* battle to-day, in
which the former . came out victorious
with his slow ball. : Lbs Angeles made an
other Baltimore finish, aided by an error
of Arrellanes. Doubles by Hall and Kelly
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1901.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG'S PACER, SIR ALBERT S'i 2:08%, THE SENSATIONAL HORSE OF THE YEAR IN THE HARNESS BRIGADE ON 'THIS COAST.
THIS GREAT SON OP DIABLO STARTED AS A GREEN PACER IN THE SPRING'AND HAS MET NO HORSE THAT COULD EXTEND HIM. FROM
/ A PHOTO BY D WIGHT L. HACKETT. _"• .. ; ... ....... •'...- '¦ ;
8
Steamer.
From.
Duel
North Fork....
Washtenaw.'...
Memphis
San Bias
Pcmoi-a. ........
Rainier.........
Crescent City..
Marlposa.. ..:V.
Titania....". .:..
Wyefleld.v
Umatilla. :.....
Santa Rosa....
Eureka.
Pleiades....:...
Nippon Maru.
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Ocronii........;
Colombia........
Tucapel
Sierra
City of Puebla.
Enterprise.....
Humboldt *............ .;.
Tacoma^
Hamburg & Way Pts!
Panama &V?ay Ports
Humboldt ¦*.
Seattle & N. 1 Whatcom.'
Crescent City.......;....
Honolulu .'.
Nanalmo ¦..;
Oyster Harbor. ........."
Puget Sound Ports.....
San Dief?o & Way Pts.
Humboldt • :.:......'....
Seattle ....:.............
China and Japan.......
Portland and Astoria. .
Point Arena.. ;....
Redondo & Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sydney & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports...:.
New York via Panama
Sept. 16
Sept. IK
Sept. 1(5
Sept. 16
Sept. 17
Sept. 17
Sept. 17
Sept. IS
Sept. IS
Sept. IS
Sept IS
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. 20
Sept. 20
Sept, 20
Sept. 22
Sept. 22
Sept. 23
Sept.- 23
ISept. 24
Sept. 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
f-erapls.......
Kurcka..... ...
Point Arena..
San Pedro....
Czarina..'.. .'.'.
Corona.
Australia.....
Walla Walla.
Newport......
Pomona......
North Fork.:
September 16.
Hamburg & Way..
Humboldt- '.:... .*...•.
Point Arena... »...\
September 17.
Humboldt .; .;.....;.
September 18.
Seattle :& Tacoma..
Kedondo & Way...
Taftitl direct........
Pugef Sound Ports
Panama & -Way...'
September 10.
Humboldt .'.:.......
Humboldt
September 20.
China and Japan..
September SI.
Valparaiso & Way.
Honolulu ....I.....:.
Seattle & N. What
September 22.'
San Diego & Way:
September li:v,
Puget Sound Ports.
Portland & Astoria
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
I 5 pm
! 9 am
10 am
II am
12 - m
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
I Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier' 7
Pier 9
PMSS -
Pier; 9
Pier 2
Doric...
1 pro
PMSS
Colombia.....
Marlposa.....
Rainier... 1 ....
12 m
2 pm
5 pin
Pier 10
Pier 7
Pier; 3
Santa Rosa..
11 am
Pier'S
Umatilla.....
G: W." Elder."
11 am
11 am
Pier 9
Pier M
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Kl........... Skaguay i &. Way Ports. ISept. 18
Dolphin.....:.. Skaguay &'WayjPorts. Sept. 16
City or Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon......:.. Nome &, Teller... :. Sept. IS
City of Topeka Skaguay. & "Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon. — .. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome;direct .'....:. Sept ''0
Cottage City. Y. Skaguay & "Way. Ports. Sept. *•
JJumbpldt 'Sk«iguay & Way Ports. Sept. Zt
iun rises
>un sets. . ... .. .... ..... . . ... ...........;.
>Ioon : Sets.'. '..:.;..;..:.....
.........5:51
.........6:1!
.8:04 p. 'in.
- Time Time - • Time i
Date — — Ft; I Ft: Ft.
. -¦ H W ' IL. ; W r-lH-W :.¦ '
16 .. 1:50 '4.5 6:56 2.0 ' 1:29 6.3
17 .. 2:40 -4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 6.1
18'*.. 3:35 4.0 8:10 2.8 2:36 5.0
19 .. t 4:39 .3.9 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9
!O.'. 5:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 .4:05 .4.8
!1 .. 6:4S ¦ 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:09 4.8
Li W H-W ¦ L W ¦
!2 -.'.. -0:21 -'0.7 -7:40 4.4 12:30 3.0
Time
Ft.
L, W
'¦ 7:50 0.!
:'8:35 0.:
'•.9:30 0.1
10:25 0-!
11:26 O.i
ii'w ¦',""
6:1^ -i.l
Steamer.
From.
Duel
North Fork....
Washtenaw.'...
Memphis
San Bias
Pcmoi-a. ........
Rainier.........
Crescent City..
Marlposa.. ..:V.
Titania....". .:..
Wyefleld.v
Umatilla. :.....
Santa Rosa....
Eureka.
Pleiades....:...
Nippon Maru.
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena...
Ocronii........;
Colombia........
Tucapel
Sierra
City of Puebla.
Enterprise.....
Humboldt *............ .;.
Tacoma^
Hamburg & Way Pts!
Panama &V?ay Ports
Humboldt ¦*.
Seattle & N. 1 Whatcom.'
Crescent City.......;....
Honolulu .'.
Nanalmo ¦..;
Oyster Harbor. ........."
Puget Sound Ports.....
San Dief?o & Way Pts.
Humboldt • :.:......'....
Seattle ....:.............
China and Japan.......
Portland and Astoria. .
Point Arena.. ;....
Redondo & Way Ports.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sydney & Way Ports..
Puget Sound Ports...:.
New York via Panama
Sept. 16
Sept. IK
Sept. 1(5
Sept. 16
Sept. 17
Sept. 17
Sept. 17
Sept. IS
Sept. IS
Sept. IS
Sept IS
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
Sept. 20
Sept. 20
Sept, 20
Sept. 22
Sept. 22
Sept. 23
Sept.- 23
ISept. 24
Sept. 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
f-erapls.......
Kurcka..... ...
Point Arena..
San Pedro....
Czarina..'.. .'.'.
Corona.
Australia.....
Walla Walla.
Newport......
Pomona......
North Fork.:
September 16.
Hamburg & Way..
Humboldt- '.:... .*...•.
Point Arena... »...\
September 17.
Humboldt .; .;.....;.
September 18.
Seattle :& Tacoma..
Kedondo & Way...
Taftitl direct........
Pugef Sound Ports
Panama & -Way...'
September 10.
Humboldt .'.:.......
Humboldt
September 20.
China and Japan..
September SI.
Valparaiso & Way.
Honolulu ....I.....:.
Seattle & N. What
September 22.'
San Diego & Way:
September li:v,
Puget Sound Ports.
Portland & Astoria
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
I 5 pm
! 9 am
10 am
II am
12 - m
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
I Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier' 7
Pier 9
PMSS -
Pier; 9
Pier 2
Doric...
1 pro
PMSS
Colombia.....
Marlposa.....
Rainier... 1 ....
12 m
2 pm
5 pin
Pier 10
Pier 7
Pier; 3
Santa Rosa..
11 am
Pier'S
Umatilla.....
G: W." Elder."
11 am
11 am
Pier 9
Pier M
iun rises
>un sets. . ... .. .... ..... . . ... ...........;.
>Ioon : Sets.'. '..:.;..;..:.....
.........5:51
.........6:1!
.8:04 p. 'in.
- Time Time - • Time i
Date — — Ft; I Ft: Ft.
. -¦ H W ' IL. ; W r-lH-W :.¦ '
16 .. 1:50 '4.5 6:56 2.0 ' 1:29 6.3
17 .. 2:40 -4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 6.1
18'*.. 3:35 4.0 8:10 2.8 2:36 5.0
19 .. t 4:39 .3.9 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9
!O.'. 5:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 .4:05 .4.8
!1 .. 6:4S ¦ 4.1 11:20 3.2 5:09 4.8
Li W H-W ¦ L W ¦
!2 -.'.. -0:21 -'0.7 -7:40 4.4 12:30 3.0
Time
Ft.
L, W
'¦ 7:50 0.!
:'8:35 0.:
'•.9:30 0.1
10:25 0-!
11:26 O.i
ii'w ¦',""
6:1^ -i.l
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Kl........... Skaguay i &. Way Ports. ISept. 18
Dolphin.....:.. Skaguay &'WayjPorts. Sept. 16
City or Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon......:.. Nome &, Teller... :. Sept. IS
City of Topeka Skaguay. & "Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon. — .. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome;direct .'....:. Sept ''0
Cottage City. Y. Skaguay & "Way. Ports. Sept. *•
JJumbpldt 'Sk«iguay & Way Ports. Sept. Zt
b»f7— /$! m Jjf2®£tt8 3 $H £$ £rK 8 B 8 Qx£
=r * g= tial^M^^BM repeat. They don't jam,- catch, or fail to extract. In a
fflf ¦ ' i " r -^ WOT^ t t^ 1£ y are l^ e on^y re^ a ble repeaters. V/inchester
Sfi^ r^ es are n 11 *^ 6 i n a^ desirable calibers, weights, and
BaKY""'**- / mXfBRi mL\ styles ; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
rab\ //ESumrfBSLA niented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
[SflSB^^P^] nc^ es^ er Ammunition
uTflrarSe^Nar *-4^H * S Tnac^ e *° r a^ kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
gBJ%gy/;jlg\~» JStv^^S FREE— Send name and address en postal for our 184-page catalogue.
lgBll^§l§l WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., $i$£3£!fl8:'DIED.
Those who visited the Presidio yester
day expecting to see a display of mili
tary pomp and ceremony on account of
Formal Salute Is JFired at Ealf-Hdur
. In tervals. During ; the^Day.^^ 1
.r. ,~£\ ¦ "at . Reservation. ",". ".'':-. -T^
GUNS MOUSNTULLY^ ..' '-.?.£:> ./'yV
BOOM .AT PRESIDIO
• The ladies of the : First Presbyterian
Chtfrch, out of respect -to the memory of
the -late President •William McKinley,
have decided, to postpone the breakfast
that -was to have been given- by them on
Tuesday, morning of this week. • • .
Breakfast Postponed.'
Means to move from place to place with
a full, handy equipment of trunks, va
lises, : pocketbooks, traveling rolls, cam
eras, etc. You can be properly fitted out
and have your name, lettered In gold on
all fine leather goods, free, at ) Sanborn,
Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market street. , ,• .
To Travel, in Comfort
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Pots
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne: Btmr La
Bretagne, from Havre; -stmr Haverford (new),
from Southampton; Btmr Zetland, ' from Ant
werp. ¦ ¦ • - . . . .... ¦,.._..
LIZARI>— Passed Sept 15— Stmr Minneapolis,
from - New York, for London.
,. ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr South
wark, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sebt 15— Stmr Etru
rla, - from ' Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
At St. .Peter's,. Church yesterday Arch
bishop-Riordan's letter. of sympathy be
cause of the death of President McKinley
was read by Father Lyons, who expressed
the hope that; God-, would prevent the
spread of He said it was deplor
able that the President had been assas
sinated, and declared that although he
was elected tb office by the people he
ruled by the will of God. Father Lyons
contended that the protection ot the chief
magistrate lay in the church, saying "the
duty of man to the church is to protect
the magistrate." ,' ,; .•; ,
LATE SHIPPING* INTELLIGENCE.
Buled by Will of God.
At. the Central Methodist Church* last
night solemn memorial services were held.
The occasion was one of unusual solemn
ity, not only, because of the heartfelt
sorrow which was displayed over the un
timely death of the nation's first citizen,
but because the pulpit was filled by Dr.
Thomas B. Neely, D. D..-LL. D., of Penn
sylvania, who is considered one .of 'the
leaders of the Methodist denomination. In
keeping with the occasion, the music was
appropriately solemn and impressive. The
church was filled to its greatest capacity.
Dr. Neely in his sermon pointed out the
principal events in the life of McKinley
and paid an eloquent and touching tribute
to his virtues and noble characteristics as
a man, as a husband and as a citizen. In
his death he declared that the nation and
the .world had sustained a loss which
would not be soon filled. He stated that
the sympathy of the nation was with the
sorrowing wife in this, her hour of grief.
In tracing the President's course
through /life* he called attention to
fact- that he had risen "to the highest
position in the gift of the American people
from a very humble beginning. In speak
ing of the foul deed of the assassin he
condemned it as ah act of insane violence
and declared that laws should be passed
guarding against such acts in the future.
Holds Impressive Service.
-Southern Pacific sells round .trip tickets
October 3 and 4, $87. Shortest route, least
time J en • route, best mountain scenery,
road of famous "Overland Limited." Per
sonally conducted excursions via . Cincin
nati and via Chicago. 613 Market street.
> — T -
Last Excursion to Buffalo.
Garret McEnerney and Louis Rosenthal
left yesterday for an extended tour of
Europe. ¦; Father Mulligan,'.- representing
Archbishop - Riordan, and ex-Governor
Budd, J.H.' O'Brien, Judge W. P. Law
lor, T. F. Bonnet,. Frank Moffatt and John
McEnerney went up the road as far as
Sacramento to bid them a safe and en
joyable trip. , . . ¦
Mrs. George E. Morse left yesterday
morning for Washington to attend tho
late President McKinley's funeral. \
K. Rosenthal. a well-known merchant of.
Madera, !s staying at the Palace • for a
few days with his wife. . • ,
"Hughle" / Jones, the well-known turf
man, arrived here yesterday. for the win
ter race meeting. . . '•¦ . ¦ • ¦
C. R. Downs, a prominent mining man
of Sutter Creek, is a guest at the. Palace.
J. F. Parks, a mining man of Amadoi
County, is at the Palace.
Father P. R.- Stanton. a Catholic priest
of Ireland, is at the California.. ,
G. M. King, proprietor of the Rossland
Hotel, B. C, is staying at the California."
PERSONAL MENTION.
Distinguished Visitors Will Go Out,
However, and Welcome . Him
;; • ; From Tugs. . . '
The committee appointed to prepare a
reception to General James Smith, former
colonel of the First California Volunteers,
met yesterday at the California Hotel and
decided to postpone all arrangements for
the reception of the distinguished soldier
on account of the death of President Mc-
Kinley until after the regulation period of
mourning:
The only form of welcome to General
Smith will be the dispatch of a number of
tugs carrying distinguished visitors to
give a rousing welcome to him on the
sighting of the transport Grant. The ship
is expected to-morrow. The tugs Mark
ham, and Irwin and the steamer Caroline
will be used. The reception committee
passed the following resolution yesterday:
Whereas, William McKinley, President of the
United States, has been removed from our
midst by the hand of a cowardly assassin; and
Whereas, Our late, beloved President, has "by
his strong personality, kindly disposition and
devoted patriotism endeared himself to the
hearts of all Americans.
Resolved, That this committee deeply deplores
the great loss that has been inflicted upon the
nation. ¦¦ . - ¦ • •
Resolved, That all arrangements heretofore
contemplated or made of a demonstrative char
acter be postponed until after the usual period
of mourning..
COLONEL. T. F. O'NEILL,
COLONEL CHARLES BOXTON,
. COLONELi I.E. BECK,
' COLONEL J. I. BURGIN,
MAJOR DAN C. DEASY. ~ . "
D. O. TROY..
GENERAIi JAMES SMITH'S
RECEPTION POSTPONED
After the note had been given to- tha
police Detective Dillon called on Mrs.
Ecks. but was unable to get any informa
tion from her. She says she ' knows ' no
man named Franklin ant! thinks the af
fair a hoax. Dillon could find no clew as
to who the writer of the message
might be. - . ... .' ;
A message written on the back of a
weather bulletin and tacked up in tho
railway station at Lands End was made
the subject of a police investigation yes
terday. The not& was signed by a per
son purporting to be F. H. Franklin and
contained the announcement that the
writer had committed suicide. ., It ccn
talned a request that Mrs. Ecks of 1130
Buchanan street be • informed of the
writer's death. The fact that no Body
has been found and that the lady men
tioned disclaims the acquaintance of any
man of that name adds mystery to the
case.
Albert Robinson of 945 Howard street
found the message. It read:
Sept. 12. 1901. .
I jumped overboard about 10 a. m. this morn
ing at Lands Knd. If found please let Mrs.
Ecks know of my death. Good-by forever. My
last nickel was spent for carfare.
F. H. FRANKLIN.
Mrs. Eclcs lives at 1130 Buchanan street. "
Himself.
Person Signing 1 His Name as F. H.
Franklin Says He Has Drowned
"SUICIDE NOTE" FOUND ;
IN RAILWAY STATION
It will be necessary to have Czolgosz in
court at 9 o'clock to-morrow, when the
indictment against r.im is reported, so
that he may plead to the indictment.
Czolgosz insists he wants no lawyet and
is willing to plead guilty.
The three policemen and Czolgosz. thus
attired, slipped out of the door and into
a carriage. The .departure was unnoticed.
In three minutes, the carriage stopped at
the jail entrance, where a half-dozen dep
uty sheriffs surrounded the prisoner and
he was hurried to a cell behind three sep
arate sets of iron gates.
BUFFALO/ Kept. 15.— Assassin Czolgosz
was to-day removed from police head
quarters to jail. The" manner of spiriting
Czolgosz out of headquarters was theat
rical. . Superintendent. Bull called a closed
carriage and ordered three patrolmen to
report to him. He took a policeman's hel
met and went to Czolgasz's cell. He set
the helmet on the assassin's head, took
off his own blue coat and said to Czolgosz:
"Put that on."
CZOLGOSZ IS TAKEN
TO EBIE COUNTY JAIL
President's Character.
These five essentials are heartiness, affln-
Uv for toll power of enthusiasm, thorough-,
tipss and. gentleness,, end added to them as
the life-giving element is moral principle. .
Tniliara McKlnley bad all of these in large
measure.
Concluding. Dr. McLean said he hoped
Presidents would be saved from
F-he tremendous ta*ks of greeting multi
tude«= upon multitudes that had undoubt
rdlv" lie believed, contributed, largely ¦ to
Ban President McKinley's vitality and to
i*ave him weakened when the assassin's
bullet struck him. The clergyman gave
a touching repetition of the story of the
Ko President since the days of Lincoln •"
*o enshrined in the hearts of the people.
To-day throughout the land there is a feel
ing of grief over personal bereavement that
a loved one has been taken when it seemed
' as if we could not spare him. as if his mis
eion was half performed. * But in the lan
guage cf our Lincoln "this is a government
of the people, for the people and by the
people," and will endure for all time If we,
as individuals, do our duty.
President McKinley came from the people.
He never forgot that he was of the people,
and it was his conscientious desire to do his
duty that he could thus win the approval of
the people. - -
Liberty gave an assassin the chance to
Ptrike -hi* cowardly blow.. ..But it was not
ihe-iiberty that makes for right. • This 1 is
not' a 'time to talk" ot vengeance. "Vengeance
is mine." saith the Lord.- . . . ' ,
;Xhe.SrPat- American people will plan some.
jnethofl and ¦wilt devise some way by which*
anarchism will be driven .out of this -land.
<Or*at applause.) ~- —_-•- - ,-•-- • ...
; i believe as earnestly as I believe anything
that Theodore RooBevelt will keep the. decla
raUon-he'made that insofar, as 'in his' power/
lay, foy^ne help of divine Providence, he will
maintain and. .carry, on the splendid policy
which- was inaugurated by President McKln
!ey five years asro. With his upright char
acter,-' eterlln* integrity and convictions of
right' and duty we can nafely leave the reins
of government to -Theodore Roosevelt.
The closing address was by Dr. Mc-
Lean who spoke upon the moral charac
ter of President McKinley, pointing out
firs* that there were high essentials to a
moral character based on practical and
not ethical lines. The clergyman said:
Compared With Lincoln.
Xo one who ever saw or heard President
McKinley can ever forget his kindly face
and his benignant Gir.ile. We labor under
the grief of a personal loss— we who only a
short time ago had the privilege of meet
ing him as a Magistrate and as a man. He
had a sincere affection for his country. His
speeches were wise, and no public man since
the days of Blalne rver uttered so many
ideas with such uniformity of character.
President McKinley will survive himself.
The forward march of the republic will not
be stayed. The nation will wipe away
its tears. The present and future are ours
for all things.
Senator Perkins was then presented to
the congregation. He said:
eaid:
Gives Personal Recollections.
Senator PerKins Delivers an
Address Over in Oak.
larjd.
. At the First Congregational Church to-
Hnlght 2000 people listened to the words In
memoriam which were' uttered by three
men who had personal acquaintance with
President McKinley. The services were
out ol the ordinary, for the Rev. Charles
R. Brown, pastor of the church, had in
vited the former pastor, the Rev. J. K.
McLean; United States Senator George C.
Perkins, and Hon. "Frederick S. Stratton
to take part. After the opening exer
cises and a prayer by Dr. Brown the con
gregation united wfth the choir In sing
ing "Nearer, My God. to Thee." The
pastor then introduced Mr. Stratton, who
We can see here good— Incalculable good
come to our nation through the assassina
tion of Abraham Lincoln. He thus became
our "Martyred President," a great, sad
vision -to lead our nation out of the strife
- of war, into the better ways of peace.;, The
-'.'death of Garficld ¦ softened all' 1 hearts 'and,
¦ also awakened feelings of kinship with the '
peoples of Europe, and especially with our-
English cousins. So God brings . good out"
of evil .. , _. , . ..
?£J Who shall say but that the .American na-T
tlon needed some ¦ such tragedy, as this?
3 "We 'hare been - almost drunk with success.;
'The simpler, -^soberer; days of a generation
ago have' been fof gotten:" ' Corruption;'.sel
. Ugliness -and luxury have entered into our
national life The Christian death of our
noble President is. a call for a higher, a
* truer, a more reverent' .citizenship. More- '.
over, we have .been playing with fire. • We
have ¦ tolerated the most bitter partisan
spirit. We have played'*with the dark pas
elons of envy and hate."" .'
"Can a man take fire -'into hi* bosom and:
his clothes and not be burned? It Is time
to give the gentle, genial spirit of William
McKinley full sway in' our land. Thus not
knowing Just what such a tragedy meane.X
not being able to unveil the secrets that
are hid in God, we still can -hope and* trust
that out of this dark-hour good shall come
to our beloved natlon.'and It remains -for us [
to reverently say, "God's win be done.".- .
From his sick chamber at Buffalo Mc-
Kinley preached the most eloquent sermon
ever heard by the American people. Mil
burn houpe wan a pulpit whence he spoke
to the whole world of patience, confidence
and submission to God, and his last utter
ance will go down into history as a fitting
exponent of the nobility of the man...
Reference to the assassination of the
President was made by the Rev. Frank S:
Brush. . pastor, of. the First" Presbyterian
Church, in his morning sermon. In part
he said:
It is the very beauty of the man's char
acter, his fidelity and devotion to the people
that makes the tragedy at Buffalo so das
tardly. It la not the striking down of a
tyrant nor the removal of an oppressor.
It was not even the avenging of an injury.
AnarchistB are banded together for the ex
press purpose of destroying everything that
makes for righteousness and happiness and
prosperity. Anarchy is nothing else than
a mustering of the forces of evil to wipe
out all that is good— law, religion and
morality.
There is a great man fallen this day in
Israel. We come together in the shadow
of a great national calamity. The land is
in mourning. The streets that ecarce four
months ago were decorated in bright colors
in honor of the nation's ruler in our midst
are now draped in black. The world shares
our Brief, and as if in witness to the
solidarity of the Anglo-Saxon race the Hags
are half-masted over Westminster Abbey,
and the heart of the multitude goes out in
tender sympathy to her who is now
widowed. In the passing of the President
we have lost one who embodied in his own
character the highest ideals of American
manhood— courage, purity, integrity, sturdy
patriotism. Every mother in this land
could point her boy to the President and
nnd In him a pattern worthy of imitation.
McKinley's legacy to the young men of
America is his Etrong, noble,' Christian
character. . '
ALAMEDA, Sept 15.— Memorial services
In honor of President McKinley were held
this evening in Christ Episcopal Church,
where the rector, the Rev. Dr. T. J. Lacey,
spoke feelingly of the late President in
the presence of a large congregation. The
chancel was decorated with flags and
mourning drapings and the service, which
was authorized by Bishop Nicholls, was
deeply affecting and impressive. The Rev.
Edwin Johnson, the assistant rector, pre
sided over the services. Dr. Lacey's text
was taken from II Samuel 111:38. He said
in part: . .
FRIENDS DWELL
ON HIS VIRTUES
ALAMEDA PASTOR
DELIVERS A EULOGY
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— With the finding In.
the water at the foot of. Peck street to
day of the body of M. G. Vanderburg, a
wealthy resident of the Netherlands, an
associate of American capitalists and a
guest at the Auditorium Annex, the mys
terious death of Stella Cook last Tuesday
night was cleared. Miss Cook was not
murdered, according .to the present belief
of the police, but lost her life with Mr.
Vanderburg by the overturning of a boat
in which they were rowing.
The discovery of the Hollander's body
not only cleared the murder mystery, but
dispelled the cloud of suspicion that has
settled about Harry Thurston, cook on
the steamer City of Traverse, and com
panion of the. dead girl.
¦ Thurston. who is held on "a warrant
charging him with guilty knowledge of
the girl's disappearance, will probauiy be
set free. . .
Stella Cook of Chicago
- Not a Victim of
Foul Play. .
WHEN the war ¦ with • Spain
broke out Miss Rose Flath
mann r prominent in Oakland
society, decided ' that her. .vo
cation was that of a nurse, so
she went East and became a pupil in the
training school of the German Hospital in
New York City. When the war was over
Miss Flathmann did not forsake her call
ing, but went through the regular course
and on October 6 she will graduate. Her
brother, John H. Flathmann, will leave
deathbed scene, and ended with the last
words which the dying President uttered.
Instructions are expected from Wash
ington at any moment regarding the plan
to be followed on Thursday, the day set
for the late President's funeral, s It is
usual on such occasions to parade all
available trooDs. read to them an an
nouncement of the death of the President
and fire such salutes as . may be ordered
by the Secretary of War or. the. com
manding general. The regulations do hot
prescribe any set plan/except as to the
Hiring of half-hour guns, and ' in conse
quence the senior military commander
does not know what may be ordered for
that occasion. •
the death of President McKinley were
sadly disappointed. Thousands visited the
reservation, but save for the occasional
booming of big guns and the flying of
the garrison flag at half mast there was
nothing out of the ordinary. .
Saturday night Colonel Rawles, post
commandant, received orders from the
War Department at Washington instruct
ing him to fire guns throughout the day
at half-hour intervals. The firing com
menced at sunrise and continued until the
sun sank below the .western horizon. No
other ceremony marked the day and the
usual routine of post work went on with
out interruption.
Miss Flathmann is well known in society
circles across the bay and her many
friends will welcome her . home next
month. Her brother is well known in
yachting and business circles.
for the East to-morrow night in order to
be present at the graduating exercises. He
and his sister will make a tour of Can
ada and will be at the international yacht
race. They will' also visit the Buffalo ex
position and other points of interest in the
United States. -
Pasquali Miraglia.'a bootblack at Gough
and Haight streets, fell dead yesterday
afternoon and his body was carried Into
Clack's saloon to await the arrival of the
Morgue wagon.' He was a married man,
52 years of, age and lived at 518 Green
street. His wife was ¦ notified, and when
she called at the Morgue her grief, was
heartrending. Heart disease is supposed
to have been the cause of. death. ., •
Falls Dead on Sidewalk.
The role, a favorite with all the great
actors' of the so-called legitimate school,
from Macready to Booth and Barrett. Is
one of the strongest in Mr. 'Ha worth's
repertoire and is among themost power
ful conceptions in dramatic literature. It
affords the actor a magnificent oppor
tunity for the exercise of. all those quali
ties that go Jlo make the great player, and
"Richelieu," Bulwer's great play, will be
seen at the Grand Opera-house this week,
with Joseph Haworth in the name role.
Von Suppe's "Beautiful Galatea," Mae
Tunison, the Bernards, Kalacratus, Billy
Knight, Dllges and Mabel Martin are the
attractions at Fischer's this week. The
Von Suppe operetta has proved itself a
very popular addition to the regular pro
gramme, and is received nightly with
hearty applause.
.^'Yr'-^HE Orpheum bill this week is one
.,.' | J of the best, with turns to suit all
| i tastes, and Ernest Hogan besides.
.- JJL> Always after the "unbleachejd
"American,'' the" chief " novelty
of the week ¦. is a monster musical
instrument, labeled a "giant myriophon"
by its inventor, Mr. Karsy, a sort of bi
cycle and mandolin combined. It Is really
a wonderful affair, with about twenty-five
rotating discs of varying sizes strung w.lth
wires, bicycle fashion, set in rows to a
height of eight feet or so and played by
the inventor and his wife with hands, feet
and anything else that comes handy, with
an effect like a forest of mandolins. They
gave the intermezzo from "Cavalleria
Rustlcana" "and a "Faust" selection last
night to satisfying applause and the ar
tistic setting of the act added not a little
to the pleasure it gave. Dorothy Mor
ton, late of comic operaland and a . stun
ning sort of person, is another new-comer
to the Orpheum and sings with much chic
and abandon. She was suffering from a
slight sore throat last night, but carried
off her indisposition with such grace and
good humor that she won a place as first
tavorite with the sympathetic audience.
The Delmore sisters present one of the
prettiest tableau series we have seen here,
entitled mysteriously "The Bridegroom's
Reverie," that is costumed and lignted in
unusually elaborate fashion. The sketch
is illustrated with fit and fetching vocal
and- violin music, but furnished with a
very inadequate verbal description by- a
gentleman who seems to earn his salary
smoking cigars. Stella Lee. a pretty and
featly footed comedienne, danced herself
into strong favor with the house. Marsh
and Sarteila added their little quota of
entertainment.- Ernest Hogan has some
new coon songs and sings them in the
same old way to the high satisfaction of
his hearers. "Chums," with George- W.
Leslie and company, goes even better this
week than it did last, and with Libby,
Trayer and Gilbert in their amusing skit,
"The Debutante," the good programme
ends. . ¦ .-- ;. .
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes CLyn ton and Wilde, sketch
artists; James J. Mackey, author and
comedian: Camella and Amelita, Spanish
dancers; Val Vousden in character imper
sonations. Ada Sweeny in illustrated
songs, and the famous Standard Quartet.
A series of new moving pictures will also
be shown. . .
. • "A Voice From the Wilderness" is the
third repeat bill of the week, and the big
spectacle Is still crowding the Central
Theater at every performance. It is going
smoothly now, every one has fallen into
their parts, and admiration for the mount
ing of the drama is still at high pitch.
Next week "Little Lord Fauntleroy" will
be put on. „.
At the Alcazar "The Taming of tho
Shrew," In which Miss Florence Roberts
has been so favorably seen during the last
week, will be repeated. It has been one
of the best performances of the Roberts'
season at -the Alcazar, well balanced in
the cast and with happiest opportunity
for the principals. Miss Roberts has sur
passed herself as Katherine, and 'White
whittlesey's Petruchio has added more
laurels to hi3 much laureled brow. The
last week of the Roberts' e/igagement will
be given over to an elaborate revival of
"Sapho."
• H •
Three of the theaters have repeat bills.
"Faust" and "Carmen" at the Tlvoii have
both proved themselves such attraclive
bills that they will both be repeated (lur
ing this week. It is quite likely that
"Carmen" will be heard again next week,
the business being simply enormous. The
casts of the two operas include all ths
stars of the starful company of the cur
rent season, and are indeed notable for
excellent balance. There are other fine
bills In preparation, one, "Nabucco," very
shortly to be given and a very rarely
heard opera that offers a splendid oppor
tunity to Salassa in the name part. "Pag
llacci" and "Cavallerla" are also- shortly
to be heard. • • .
The Columbia has a novel attraction
thi3 week in a new comic romantic flay
by Sydney Rosenfeld, "A Modern Crusoe."
with Thomas Q. Seabrooke arid an excel
lent company that includes Miss Isabelie
Eversson. Mr. Rosenfeld, the author of
the play, is favorably known here as tho
clever adapter of the bright comedy. "The
White Horse Tavern," and much is ex
pected from "A Modern Crusoe."
The California will be dark this week,
Mr. Durno of the Durno-Emmett combi
nation, that was booked at the theater
this week, having met with a severe acci
dent that will prevent him from keeping
his engagement there. Sunday evening
next Hoyt's "A Texas Steer." direct from
Hoyfs Madison Square Theater. New
York, will be put on. Seats will be on
sale this morning.
It is safe to say that Mr. Haworth -will
not be lacking:, even when measured by
the broadest standards. ..Florence Stone
will be the Julie de Mortemar, Gilbert
Gardner, King Lewis XIII; and Burr Car
ruth, Gaston.
Lieutenant Price informed Furuseth
that the order would under no circum
stances be modified until the union men
altered their tactics. He said that the po
lice' were taking no sides in the . present
trouble, but that they were there to pre
vent violence and were going to do it. If
Furuseth. would prevent his men from at
tacking non-union men and visitors from
the country there would no longer bo
necessity for such stringent police precau
tions. The poiice were acting under or
ders. The union men knew what those
orders were, and if they suffered as the
result of those orders being carried out
it was their own fault. .
Andrew Furuseth, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of the City Front Fed
eration, called on J-Jeutenant of Police
Price last night and requested that the
patrolmen on duty on the water front be
instructed to give the strikers more lib
erty of action than has been accorded
them of late: The orders given to the of
ficers and by them carried out as thor
oughly as possible are to prevent any
gatherings of men along the line of docks.
Lieutenant Price impressed this order
particularly on the officers stationed at
those points along the front where sailors
from ships in the stream are accustomed
to land. A number of the latter have
been -roughly handled of late, but since
the order to disperse crowds and keep
loafers moving has been in effect there
has been a marked decrease in the at
tacks.
"Let Up."
Furuseth. Asks Lieutenant Price to
WANTS EASIER DISCIPLINE.
AN ARTIST, LATE OF THE COMIC OPERA STAGE, WHO IS PRO
NOUNCED TO BE STUNNING, IS NOW PLEASING ORPHEUM AUDI
ENCES WITH HER WELL SELECTED SONGS.
one hand, struck him a blow with his cimi
tar with the other.
Hi£ assassination means more than that
a Rood and able ruler has fallen. For while
he has fallen, God lives and there are many
good men left. But the' true import of this
affliction is that while anarchy abounds
and national Fin exists, your life and mine
la threatened. While infidelity and anti-
Christ prevails, anarchy and murder will
flourish. In proportion as the God thought
and the Christ spirit prevails, anarchy will
' diminish. The raosee which I would point
out which contribute to make -anarcfty poe-
EJble are:
1. I nholy and dishonest polltl
oal animosity. One pnriy should
not tradnpe ili«» leaders of the
other for political eiulx, an is
often done.
2. The yellow preoii. We oucht
to M-onree the belittling? car
toonidtK and carplni; sheets front
onr I'onnlrj. vrith the bitter
erecrationn of holy raice, who
would trndnce the nami-K of oar
ereat public oflicem.
3. Speakine evil of onr run or
titrate* before our children. The
old lair of our elinreli which pro
. liibits Mch should be enforced.
FINDING OF BODY
CLEARS MYSTERY
In the meantime Mrs. Roberts moved
bag and baggage to the Colonial,- and . as
she left the Palace last night she. Insisted
upon her son-in-law giving a' detailed acr
count of all his wife's property. This.
Winton says, he is not bound to do, and
declares his mother-in-law is overstepping
her authority when she demands it.
• •i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-; 'i-M'-i : ¦i"i"i"i-i"i"i--i-^ •
"Mrs. Roberts, you know.." he said, "is
just showing a motherly 'interest. I-have
come to California to locate and practice
law. I have two cousins ,in thejegal pro
fession in this State— A. : A.\ Mopre Jr. .of
Oakland, who married Florence'. Bly the
Hinckley, ' and Attorney O'Melveney; ot
Los Angeles." -•-._-¦-¦ . . . . ¦- . . . , - »
,,, Winton said last evening, that his father
was at one time Mayor of East St. Louis.
He 1 says that he did not leave St. -Louis
suddenly on account- of. any financial/dif
ficulties. He also claims that his wife's^
estate' remains Intact. . •¦¦'.¦¦¦
.«. Winton'- diplomatically tried- to pass it
off as a huge joke, but- Mrs. Roberts failed
to seejwhere the laugh came in. < ~
Winton is a young attorney of St. Louis
and has been married' a year; and -nine
months.: He and his. wife. recently paid a
visit; to -the & Pan-American' Exposition/
They, returned to St.* Louis and -left for.
this city twelve hours afterward.; In his
excursion Winton failed to live -up to the
code • of • parental respect by' visiting his
mother-in-law," who was "then on a trip
to New- -York.'' When -Mrs.— Roberts'-', re-!
turned to' St. '.. Louis she found the couple
had left for San Francisco to reside there
permanently. ~: -. Winton . had . left - all his
business affairs in the hands of an 1 agent.
Mrs. Roberts promptly followed her spn
in-law to : this city. .She" was unable' to
find his address and', complained in loud
-tones in the hotel .office that she had not
been treated . fairly. -.- She said that she
wanted' to have Winton give a full ac
count, of his stewardship. -Mrs. Roberts
claimed that;. when Winton married her
daughter a ¦ snug wedding, dowry was
turned over' to ..her, which consisted, of
real- estate - and ; Government bonds. ¦¦ "1
intend to flrid out what he has dohe with
my daughter's money," Mrs. Roberts sald.=
Later in the evening Winton L'came from
the Colonial and: called™ on Mrs. Roberts,
¦at-the Palace. - — <-•- — «- • .
"Well, well; 'this Is a surprise to see you'
here.'Vsaid-Winton. v • . • .*- . • ... . ¦•> •; ¦
. .",Yes. I guess it. is," .replied* Mrs.: Rob
erts, significantly. ; "I 'would have trav
eled all over the United States till I found
you.'.' ¦:.-.. .. ,,.- • ¦•-.¦... .¦¦¦¦ ; ¦ .'
Mrs. E. H. Roberts of Robertsville, Mo.,
was in no sweet state of mind when she
arrived yesterday afternoon, at the Palace'
Hotel. She was in search-- of her son-in-"
law. and daughter, Mr. and MrB.' Paul
Winton, who recently came here" from
St. Louis, and .who are 'at present quar
tered at the, Colonial Hotel on Nob Hill:
The American Federation Lodge of the
Tube Workers voted the same way to
day.
MILWAUKEE, Sept, 15.— Over 100 men
Who bolted the meeting of the Bayview
Amalgamated Lodge a week ago met to
day and decided to apply for -work to
morrow at the plant of the Illinois Steel
Company. ;
There is much disappointment and an
ger among McKeesport strikers. The
leaders refused to credit the published re
ports until late to-night, but practically
admit now that all Is lost for McKeesport.
They blame President Shaffer for not no
tifying them to-day, according to promise,
and still look for official notification to
night. It is not believed that resumption
will be attempted until after President
Mclvinley's funeral. Amalgamated men
say they will not go to work till Shaffer
orders them. •
The threat is openly made that the tin
plate workers will withdraw from the
Amalgamated Association and form a sep
arate union of their own. - .
What the outcome generally will be can
not be told for a day or two. All of th»
plants that have been idle-, are apparently
ready for an early start. Most of them
can resume to-morrow if their men report
for work. ••• ' .-
What is considered the real conditions
of the settlement, though not officially an
nounced, are that the | settlement, was
made only for three companies in dispute
—the American- Tin Plate, the American
Sheet Steel and the American Steel Hoop
—and those companies are allowed to re
tain as non-union all mills started in any
kind of shape since the strike order went
into effect. " The mills that were com
pletely—tied up by the strike are to re
main under the Amalgamated scale.
Nothing was said concerning the National
Tube, the Federal or National Steel com-,
panies. The. settlement means a. big loss
to the Amalgamated Association, but
leaves it still a strong organization.
It seems impossible to-night to make an
estimate of the number of men who will
return to work to-morrow. ¦ .
The members of the advisory board said
to-nlght.that the order calling the strike
off has gone out and that the men gen
erally will return to work to-morrow or
within c. day or two.
President Shaffer arrived home . this
morning, but denied himself to callers.
To-night his wife said he had received a.
special letter to-day calling him out of the
city and he cannot be located.
PITTSBXJRG, Sept. 15.— Matters pertain
ing to the settlement of the steel strike
are In a very unsatisfactory state to
night. While the telegraphic notice was
sent out last night by Secretary William:*
declaring the strike .at an end, it cannot
be learned definitely that the official or
der has been issued by. President Shaffer.
Some, of the local strikers declare that
they have had, no such notice. . "
Attorney Paul Wintori Must
Give Explanation About
His Wife's Money. ' '
Advisory Board Says the Men
Will Go to Work in a
Few Days. .;
Mrs. E. H: Roberts Fol
lows Son-in-Law From
St. Louis. 1
Official Notice of Settle
ment Awaited by the
Workmen.
STRIKE MATTERS
UNSATISFACTORY
MAMMA ASKS
AN ACCOUNTING
"Richelieu';' 1 Is the Attraction at the Grand.
"The Taming of the Shrew" at the
•Alcazar and "Carmen" at the Tivol
DOROTHY MORTON SCORES A HIT
WITH PATRONS OF THE ORPHEUM
Miss ; Rose Flathmann, Filled Patriotic
Impulse When the Spanish War Breaks
Out, Begins a Three Years' Course
CHURCH CHOIRS
UNITE IN SONG
Mass - Meeting in
Episcopalians Will Hold
Pavilion.
Public Services to Mark the
Close of Triennial
Convention.
Continued From Page Five.
The public services in connection with
the triennial convention of the Episcopal
church, which meets In Trinity Church
next month, will conclude with a great
missionary mass meeting, which is to be
held in the Mechanics' Pavilion on Tues
day evening. October 10. All the choirs,
vested and otherwise, in the Bay City
churches will take part.
Right Reverend Henry B. TVhlpple,
Bishop of Minnesota, is announced to pre
side, while the Bishop of New York.
Bishop Hare of Niobrara, Bishop Edsal of
North Dakota and other missionary
Bishops are to speak. *
The occasion will be notable, not only
on account of the eminence of the speak
ers but as a musical festival of a high
order. Walter L. Sabin of St. Luke's and
\%. H. Holt of Grace will have the pro
gramme In charge. The following choirs
have accepted the invitation to assist: .
Christ Church, Alaraeda, 40 voices; St.
Mark's. Berkeley. 40; The Savior. Mill Valley,
10; Advent. Oakland. 30; St. John's. Oakland,
60; St. Paul's. Oakland. 40; All Saints. Palo
Alto, 20; St. Peter' 8, Redwood. 10; Advent. San
Francisco, 30; Cathedral Mission, San Fran
cisco. 30; Grace, San Francisco, 16; St. John's,
San Francisco. 12; St. Luke's* San Francisco,
40; St. Paul'*. San Francisco. SO: St. Peter's,
San Francisco. 20; Trinity. San Francisco, 20;
Trinity. San Jose, 30; St. Matthew's, San Ma
teo, 20; St. James. San Francisco. 10; St.Paul'B.
fcan Rafael. 20; Christ, Sausalito. 10; St. John's,
Stockton. 40.
There Itelng no organ in the Pavilion
the orchestral band of the Third Artillery,
increased to fifty pieces, now stationed at
the Presidio, has been engaged to lead.
Instructions have been received to
make this service exceedingly "plain" and
have even specified the hymns that are
to be sung, the design being to avoid
even the suggestion of a display. The
service will be dignified and extremely
simple, the only reason for holding it in
a public building being the absence of
any other inclosure of sufficient capacity
to contain all the church people who will
attend.
The choirs will be vested and there will
be a processional and recessional. The
hymns are all of the simplest and most
familiar. There will be but two anthems.
"The Lord is Great." by W. T. Best. an<l
"Praise Ye the Father," by Gounod.
About 400 voices will be boys from the
male choirs. The music, with such a
body of singers, will be most Inspiring.
The committee having this special ser
vice in charge consists of Rev. R. C.
Foute, Rev. Edgar J. Lion, Rev. Robert
Ritchie. W. L. Sabin and W. H. Holt
PREACHERS DELIVER PHG1CS,
OAKLAND SOCIETY GIRL IS SOON
TO GRADUATE AS TRAINED NURSE
. ... ..-¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦¦•• '••¦'¦ -.¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦>-'. .•.¦-.¦•¦:••;-¦ -.-¦¦¦ ¦¦ .-— .;...,... , . • .......
. TJtlJfi SAN KUANUISUU XJAIjIj, ; MUJNUA : X ,'.. »JBJJt^rifiMJt5JfiKV 16, 1»O1.
PROMINENT OAKLAND SOCIETY GIRL WHO ENTERED A TRAINING
SCHOOL FOR NURSES, HOPING TO AID THE BRAVE SOLDIERS OF
HER COUNTRY DURING THE SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR.
"days. . -. . ¦ ¦¦'-¦ •.:.-¦;¦ •••-..-. '¦:. ! ¦¦ ¦¦'¦
McKERNAN- In this city, September 15, 1901,
-Ellen,"- beloved ¦¦ wife of H. B. . McKernan,
-.formerly Mrs. J. ¦ C. Morrison., a native of
;' County TlDPerary. Ireland, ared 47 years.' .
Francisco, . aged • 5 ' years . 4 | months I and 12
QUIST— In this- city, "September 15. .1901/ of
diphtheria. May ¦ Josephine, beloved daughter
of John and Josephine Quint, a native- of San
9
J^^^ brewed of selected
(^^^^^) best imported hops,
is"lagered" six months to fully mature,
before being bottled for market, which
accounts for its being so palatable
and wholesome,, and makes it ;
"The Xing of Bottled Beers: 9
. : • The product of ,y<>
Anheuser-BuschBrewingAss n
" St. Louis, U. S. A. U'^'i*'-
Brewers also of Black & Tan, Anheuser-Standard, Faust, Pale-Lager,
Export Pale, Exquisite, Michelob and Malt-Nutrinc f jT
Order* promptly filled by *^
E. G. LYONS COMPA1T¥, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FRANCISCO. ; "THIS v SAET IfRAJS CISCO ':.*: CAIili, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 190*.
10
SA5 FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Frmdseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
: ; BRANCH OFFICES— 527. Montgomery street,
corner Clay;-open until 8:30 p. m.
'• .800 Hayes etreet: "open until 9:30 p. m.
«S9 McAlllater street;. open until 9:30 p. in.
615 Larkln street; open untir 9 :30p.m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn. .<.-•¦
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; "open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and . Ken-
tuek-y streets; open until -9 p. m.
2200 mimore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of -Golden Gate Commandery •»_
• No. 16 K. T.. J 629 Sutter St., Sept. 16, THJp
1901— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- tta
ING. All f raters cordially invited. By «»
• order of the Eminent Commander.
• THEODORE FROLICH, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal
Arch Masons... meets THIS EVEN- IX
ISO.'* Business and M. M. degree. /^ '
• 'OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No. 28, F. and A. ¦
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at -j\±
7:30 o'clock. Third desree. Master
. . Masons cordially invited. By order of/T'
the W. M.
WALTER G. AXPERSON. Sec
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ¦
M.-Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-
• DAT). September 16. ¦ 1901. at 7:30 JLJC
o'clock p. m. • Deg. 2. - By order of ' >
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M.— On account of the death
' of President William McKinley no JKjP
• meeting of this lodge will be held /V^
THIS EVENLVG. - - - - I
SAMUEL McKELVET. W. M.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. , ;
THE officers and members of. Bay ¦*Hj'f l gflr
. City Lodge No. 71. I. O. O. F., are
hereby notified to assemble at Ex- -^?J?*3R~ir
celeior Hall. 2319 Mission St.. on '9//HV*'
; MONDAY. Sept. 16. at 8 o'clock p.m. for
the purpose of attending the District meet-
ing of District No. 55, given under the aus-
pices of Excelsior- Lodge No. 310. By order
of the Lodge. G. SELO. N. G. ¦
THEO. STEINER. Rec Sec.
WnreT.TTY LoriE-P Kn 5».' T. O n.
F.— Initiation THIS f MONDAY)
EVEXINO. Visitinjf brothers cor- Sp^SS^S?
dially Invited. -*z%i>'S?-^
C. F. PHILLIPS. Noble Grand.
J. J. PHILLIPS. Rec. Sec. .
INFORMATION wanted of JAMES <OhitgUZ**.
BOWMAX, member of I. O. O. •^?*rSS=
F.. machinist. If living, very old. BS^SSS^
Odd Fellow publications please
copy. Address Mrs. S. A. COLSON, 837 North
Gordon et., Pomona. Cal.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. E. Jones in the Hamton
Placer mine, near Johnsville, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Nelson Creek; from
Ellen C. Sargent et al.. in the Quaker Hiil
Ka 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City, Nevada County, to deposit tailings on
' a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
¦ Mlnlnr. Water and Power Company, in the
Round Butte placer mine, near Sheep Ranch
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In O'Xeli
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59. Flood buildine. San Fran-
cteco. Cal.. on September 30, 190L at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
__lB_gaget5. In -wrapper, for mailing. M per year.
ADOPTION.
G J5£ i nd bo ' r btiby for adoption. MRS. DK.
FTJXKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda. .
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS wanted ror fraternal Insurance
society; eood inducement to right parties.
Address State Deputy, box 192. Oakland, Cal.
ASPHALTCM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER. ' asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb'
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale-
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th,
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
eesefol. EDW. R. SHIRRAX. 927 Market St.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W*.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason. I
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission et.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A WIDOW would like two small children to
board; sunny yard. 741% Folsom Et.
J OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
cr's care; flO up; 6unny yard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
A£K to Bee Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-J450; GOOD- PAYING saloonTclose to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner Is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call-R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20; very best location
on Fillmore st_. and good paying.- Call R. G.
\\ ILK.E, 26V4 Kearny et.
A— *600; CIGAR store; rent $20; very beat Etand
on Kearny at.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value In eight. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kcarcy st. ' •
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
8 years; doing good business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A— 11400; SALOON; choicest location on Market
St.; net rent $S0; fine fixture* and good pay-
ing business; investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»4
- Kearny et. -
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market st_; a first-class place: owner sick in
the country: must sell at once; Investigate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— *500: CHOP and oyster house on Market St.-
rent $30; dally receipt8 $30 and above: owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny et- -
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing business;
good chanc* for active -man; will yield to
each about $90 a month; - duties light and
easily acquired; capltalrequlred, $500. DON-
KELLY & CO.. 632 Market st. #
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; light business;
must be steady, reliable man. satisfied with
$18 to $25 a week: no experience, required ; trial
given before buying. 2a Geary st.. room 1.
AX unusually good chance is offered to parties
wishing to purchase nice, pleasant business
in city; price $600. Particulars of J. F CRO-
SETT. S16 Sutter- st-
A— $€30; SALOON; central location; welf stocked
with liquors. RETSLOFF, 906 Market Bt
• room 12.- corner Ellis. - ¦ ''
$300— BAZAAR, notions, etc.; nicest little store
In the city; cheap rent, with rooms; great
. bargain. Calif. Business Ass'n. 865% Market.
«Sft— PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living .'rooms;
. bath; large barn; rent $20; death cause sale-
no agents; snap. Box 109. Call office. '
$450— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
tewn; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market g.t. r. 12.
WANTED— Corner saloon south of Market- no
- , agents; about $1500. Address box 417. Call.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bar-
galn. • 2760 Mission St.; no agents. '.
A— $1250; HARDWARE and ship store- (rood
Clean stock; pays large profit; best location in
. city for paying business; an Investigation
will convince. 16 Folsom Et.
- $30» AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blackslmth business; price in each
case covers etock. tools and good-will. Ad-
; dress box 283. Call. t>f flee.
GEO. NEWTON, ,759 Market st— Large lists of
lodging, houses, restaurants, hotels, • ranches
business chances: all kinds for sale or ex. '
f 103 — STEADY man for partner in restaurant*
here ts a rare chance for you to make money'
78 Third St.. room 2.
'LADY 'wishes gentleman to buy interest In es-
tabliEhed business. ; Box 361, Call office.
FOR sale— Splendid paying restaurant; apply
at once; partners disagree.' 217 Sixth st. '
$500 — LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon-
full investigation.^ 2372 Mission et.
. FOR sale— Small restaurant; cheap; two living
rooms. Box- 410. Cair office. -¦».-*« •
'.- ESTABLISHED home weekly paper tcityj;
• . large circulation; bargain. Box 333, Call.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
. GOOD chance for bakery and coffee -house:
liberal terms. 321 Ellis Bt.
PROsPpCTOR needs backing to uncover rich
quarts ledge. ¦ Box 107. Call office. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore «t.
, CHIROPODISTS.
FROF.Strassburger fromN-T.. specialist .on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 7fr-
< COLLECTION OFFICES. ,
GEORGE! W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lees successful. Room 310. 927 Market »t-
. COTTAGES T0 E^^V'
BUSH, 2819— Sunny cottage of seven rooms and
bath to let. ¦
- DENTISTS.
A-DR. A *T. S. HI.GGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 SO;
artificial ' teeth, on plate, look natural- and
guaranteed, $5 up; a- good metal plate $15;'
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.-^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
. ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p.. m. J. W. THAPCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beat" crowns, platea, bridges
and fillings; 'extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
EOc; plates, $5: full set: all -work -painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
TOU can cave 40 per cent on dental work by
getting an estimate from DR. BROWN, 54
Sixth st. _^ . ' ¦ ' '¦ - - .
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
op- weekly installments: lowest rates. ,
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without' .plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. ' •
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5up; phone Polk 3135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless." ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner; Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada" ope year for $1.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S, C. P. dog Boap by. druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. Wa
PILGER, 121 Post, ovej O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES'. Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. *
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; .references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.' Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN,' M. D., dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,"
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER- College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mining,mech, sur-
vey, aasay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep^" k
ers Is TARR, the expert, .220 Parrott bldg. •
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. ,
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College,' 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
. Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6. mo.
'MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. -50c; piano for practice.. 89 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine at.
HBALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lefiCTa-st. .. .
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO.. employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Of flee— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush st.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
' flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— rFEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; good ref.; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. , •
A FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires sit-
uation; good references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid ¦ and
seamstress desires situation; good reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Et. .
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of reference; city or country. MISS
- CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
WANTED — Situation to do cooking In private
family; city or country: has good reference.
. Please call for two days 845 Mission St.; no
. mall answered.
SITUATION wanted— A girl for general house-
work,' assist with cooking; wages $15. ¦ Apply
at 18% Moss st., between Sixth and Seventh,
; Howard and Folsom.
A YOUNG woman . wishes a position to look I
after one or two children; . sleep at home, i
.' Box 415, Call.
A WOMAN wishes* position as working house-
keeper or lady's nurse; city preferred. 623
Howard St.
A YOUNG girl wants a place to do 'general
housework and cooking. • Call' at, 314 Laguna
st.,- near- Oak.: ..- ¦". • •
A YOUNG lady; neat; with exceptional clerical
ability; .desires immediate, position; experi-
enced atenographer; typewriter; bookkeeper;
salary $30 per month; ..referencea. M. M.,
Box 404, Call office. ,. J -.'.-.
AN ¦ EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to make
engagements in surgical or confinement cases;
; j terms- reasonable; references given. Call or
address Ladles' Nurse, 127- Seventh st. ' ¦ ,
A GOOD girl from country desires position as
• nurse girl in private family. 2 Keppler court,
'*" off Mason St., near Post. . : . ¦ ¦ .•¦.;.
A STRONG young German woman wants situ-
' atlon for general housework and cooking;
good laundress; sleep at home. 79 Bay st.
LADY .barber wishes . position in barber shop;
. country preferred. Box 315, Call office.
A 'PERFECT- fitter on ladles' tailoring and
evening suits wants engagements at $125 per
day. 244 Taylor Bt. . • ¦
SWEDISH woman wants work by the ; day;'
good cook, general house work ;. $1 50 and car
I fare; reference. 467A Mfnna st., near Sixth. ,
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New. York.
. wants engagement by the day; $2.. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st.
DRESSMAKING, $1 50 per day., Call or ad-
- dress 1731 Mission at.
PLAIN sewing Idone reasonable. 601 ' Leaven-
worth st.. cor. O'Farrell, room 8, second floor.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1' 60 to
. $6' week; convenient and respectable; "free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. V : -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
.' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ; established ft at . 1096
-. Valencia' et.. i. ... ,-.'..- . ' .
EMPLOYMENT : WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION by ..young man . taking . care , of
horses, cow, garden; sood driver; t. handy
.with tools. ' Box » 272. Call office. . .
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, with city refer-
• ences, wishes position; city or country."* F.- 1.'
. C; 330 McAllister st. ¦ -. ; ¦¦..<>'.;¦. : ¦
WANTED— Position In grocery,- wholesale or
retail; bt at city references. Box 275, Call. •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$276— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
10-ROOM house; fine location $«5
14-room house; good; transient 600
24 rooms; on Geary st.. WOO
100 rooms: clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner « 300
36 rooms;.on Market st *. 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st....: ...'I 4aO
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
S rooms; flat near City Hall 426
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $S0 600
9 rooms; good piano; ,must sell 425
4S rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80. 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home....! 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
82 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms: sacrifice; clears $150 $S50
7-room flat; a bargain :. 650
14 rooms; choice location 900
6-room flat; new furniture 273
15 rooms; full of steady roomers S50
- 14 rooms; transient; clears $125... 650
i 17 rooms, $700; 12 rooms 500
21 rooms; $300 cash, balance- payments.... IOOO
• 50 rooms; rent $100; clears $200 1500
j 100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400. 6000
1 28 rooms; on Mission 200
: MONEY LOANED ...Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF,* 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
$50 Market at., and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
' to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
€5 r. ; corner; downtown; sunny. $3500
45 r.; rent $165; good fur., carp-! trans.. 1500
. Notice — 15 r. ; rent $S0; NE. cor. ; 5 years'
lease: new house; elegant furniture.... 1800
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1H P- c.
22 r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur.. 1500
17 r.; rent $50; 6th St.; good house 830
S r.: rent $40; oak furniture 425
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
- 10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... SOO
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25. rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $-5.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
$650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
I have 4 salesmen; long list; money to loan.
11 rooms; rent. $20; near Market st $200
13 rooms; rent $33; income $75 "300
' 17 rooms; rent $50; clears $75 a month.... 750
23 rooms; rent $40; income $110 SOO
31 rooms; rent $45; clears $S5 month 1200
39 rooms; rent $60; income $200 1500
43 rooms; rent $120; clears $150 a month.. 3000
51 rooms; fine corner apartment Jhouse.... 2500
59 rooms; will exchange for a farm 4000
85 rooms; a prominent corner 2600
18 ROOMS; rent $70 ....$1175
39 rooms: on Market; rent $125 2200
46 rooms; elegant; r*nt $100 4100
15 rooms; rent $50....... 1000
27 rooms; rent $140 2200
¦ 16 rooms; close in; rent $50 650
116 rooms; clears over $300; rent- $550...'.. 4250
25 rooms; elegant; rent $140 1900
SOFIELD & CO.. 916 Market, room 18.
WINSTON & WOLF.
.1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie 2211.
' 15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap $1175
29 rooms; pays well; good location .$1400
32 rooms; best transient in the city $2200
18 rooms; all on one floor; bargain........: $900
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand...... .....$1500
. 3 mortgaged bouses; must be sold, i
FISHER & CO!. 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 • 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
13,r 700 8r 350 10 r 400
- 8 r,.... 550 6,r 225 7r......225
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of *
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD. phone^Mint-1911,
917 Market St.. near^ Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
at our office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call,- 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME-& see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
. Sun., Tues.'. Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1CS4 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkln.
DEVELOP your medlumlstlc gifts; ladles given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 724 Post. nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door. *
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance. Sun., Tues.
- and Thurs.-, 8 p.m.; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
¦ life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual test meeting. 8
p. m., 10c. 305 Larkln. cor. McAllister.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD ~*^ ~^
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are. in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or businers troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. •
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction' guar-
. anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE. ~~~~ ~~~ ~~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of! life:
gives.names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions In love affairs: reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
• fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
. .diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant^
pal-nlft and card reader; reveals past, present
and future. 50c. 1007% Market, near Sixth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m,
'FREE, ladles, morning, September; free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-i
lutely free. 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin. :
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777% Market 8t.,rm.l8.
MRS: MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;teI.Howard ,1846.
MRS. Dr. 'Valeen. 15S3 v Market St., nr. 12th;
clairvoyant, palmist, : bus, medium; advice.,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, cardreader; ladles
25c. genta 50c; readings dally. : 132;Slxth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana-
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna, near Fourth.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future. 25c. 148 6th st., room 14.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
. gents 50c.' -951 Mission,- nr. 6th; open Sundays.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium-
sittings, & a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana-
only 10c;from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st..nr. 4th.
MME. 1 AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
I™- BCHAFFER. clairvoyant. ,card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
-advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
'^/AltPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted . with poor work
aend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning
3c;renovated;relald. 105 I4th st.; tel. Capp 2542.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1035.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.:'
tel. Main 2»4., GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. ~ 1703 Harrison; tel° Mission -283.
C 2£^H2 I ' S SiPertor Carpet-beating -Works.
833 Golden , Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. .
Crry Steam" Carpet-beating Works: G. H
BTEVEN8. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.'; tel. South 25o!
J> MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
, rating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
_ HELP WAKTED--.MALE— Con.
AT a' R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... .104 Geary at.
¦ . -Wanted— 10OO men for new railroad work..
Free fare. . Ship daily. Free fare
For Uklah -.
100 teamstera and laborers J2 a day
For Nevada
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
•" For Truckee
100 mason's helpers and laborers..
Jl 75 to 12 a day
•"•' ...;.. .For Chatsworth Pirk...:
100 drillers and headers,... J2 2J to « 50 a day
100 muckers and laborers $1 75 tq $2 a day
, "• ......For Santa Fe. System
* 50- laborers, section work $1 75 a day
*Free fare. Ship dally. Free fare
3 blacksmiths, country shop. $2 60 to $3 a
day;- 3 stablemen, city. $30 and $35 and
found; 10 laborers, sawmill and woods, $2 a
day: 20 farmers. - milkers, ¦ choremen and
others, $25 to $30 and found.
V HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
Meat and sastry cook, hotel. Nevada, $50.
see. party here: 2 chophouse . cooks, country. :
$40 and $35; pantryman, hotel, city, $S0; por- ¦
. ter, country hotel, $25 and found; 2 neat
young men. bellboys, first-class country ho-
tel, $20 and found, fare paid; 20 dishwashers,
kitchen hands and vegetablemen. $25 and $30.
-C. R. . HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class barber; steady place;
good wages. 947 .Fillmore at., cor. McAllister.
WANTED— Boarding-house cook. Southwest
corner Bay and Webster sts. ~ - !
FEEDER on Gordon press wanted. J ALUM-
STEIN PRINTING CO., 310 Hayes st. '
TWO lunch waiters' wanted". S3:? Sixth st.
¦WANTED-rCook and dishwasher. 613 Clay at.
BOOTBLACK wanted: good wages. 1531 Polk
street. > -
YOUNG man wanted about butcher shop.
WILSON' 8 Market. 3077 Sixteenth st.
WANTED- First-class house painter; call at
7 :30. 308M» Guerrero st.
WANTED— Pressman on coats. Apply at fac-
tory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary at.
COAT maker. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. — .
. . i • .
MEN WANTED. IMMEDIATELY. .1 1
Carpenters, • ¦ . :
; . . Experienced Piledriver Hands, .
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work in this city at Chin;). Basin, Potrero
and for various Jobs alone the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady, work at regular wages.
• We are starting new jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN.,
4 California at., room 15.
r
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging anil protection In-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 514 Bat-
tery at.
• . r* .— —
WANTED — Strevedores. seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks, and waiters; irood wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
c t earner lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time, will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to; Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
100 . MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
j portation night and morninir provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady-work; food Wages*.' 203
. Front st~ .- . - — ¦
FIRST-CLASS waiter for hotul lunch counter;
single; sober; steady; waxes $35 and fourttf
- per month. Address Depot Hotel, ¦ Wads-
worth. Nevada. C. WALLSTAB. ¦
WANTED— Solicitors for Sar. Francisco and
bay towns; samples and outdts furnished; $3
to $10 per day; no experier.ee required. P.
A. & P. Co.. 836 A Howard st.
WANTED — Good all-round candy maker, who
understands making icecream, etc. ; state ex-
perience and reference. B01: C, Call branch,
300 Hayes st.
WANTED— Pattern makers ana Iron grill work-
ers. Apply Pacific Metal Bsdstead Co., Bay
and Stockton sts., city.
WANTED— A few bright boys to work In shirt
factory. Apply THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and
31 Battery st.
WANTED— Reliable man as foreman for man-
ufacturing business; must be well recom-
mended and have security. Box 328. Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over S feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drilltrs. tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
. near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., CaL; apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
. wages in State. - San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., rocm 25, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly:
special inducements this month: write at
once for free- catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE,. 635. Clay st. - "
BARBERS — Wanted, to buy a half or *whola
interest in a good paying country barber
shop; a shop with baths preferred. Box 253,
Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 153 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 .to $2 per week.
BARBERS— Fine 2-chalr shop with baths for
sale in good country town; 4 living rooms.
Address box 300, Call office. .
YOUNG man in gents' furnishing store; make
himself generally useful; salary and experi-
ence. Box 333. Call office. ~
GOOD, strong boy to learn cutting. 656 Mls-
¦ slon St., third floor. •
KNIFE cutter wanted. 65S Mission' St., ' third
floor. . * . . . • .
GOOD driver for mineral wt.ter wagon; must
have reference and security. Box 294. Call.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter; must
have experience. Box 428, Call', office.
WANTED— Jeweler to teach gentleman the
trade; willing to pay for same. . Box 423, Call.
GOOD solicitors for McKinley memorial plc-
' tures. Call 503 California St., room 34.
STRONG boy wanted; call 8 a. m. F. J. MIL-
LER. 2304 Folsom st.
6 FIRST-CLASS machinists; -wages S5c an
. hour. Box 308. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay at • . >/
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat.. Q. A. R.
WANTED— Jewelers. 328 Bush at., third floor,
¦room 4. ' .
ROCK drillers' and quarrymen. "Apply 232
Montgomery st. t '- ~ . . - . . . .
ALL sizes men's Bhoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.' bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED- A man that understands nursery
._ work and floral business. Call 500 Halght st.
McDONALD & PERRY have SOO pairs second-
hand shoes for gale; 50c up. « 241 Third at.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ - ¦•" , • -.
2 FIRST-CLASS cablnet-makors on 1 wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER, 681 Market «.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
/ San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoea. $1 up; soling 2Cc up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House.. 44 Third st. near Mar-
• ket— 70O rooms. 25c night; rtading rooms; free
bus and baggage to- and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore »t.
A -BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia at ~ - - ¦ *
HOSPITALS. :-....-.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo • Hoapltal, ,230- Douglass at., San Fran.
HORSES AJTP WAGONS. __.-
H. BRANDEXSTEIN & CO., has removed from
"631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom St.. with an as-
sortment of sale horses ;. also livery and
boarding; new boarders solicited; brick stabl»
to let for 20 horses. . >
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
~ SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. Apply to San
Francisco Veterinary College. 510 Golden
Gate ave. DR. E. J. CREELT, dean. :
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st. . -
FOR sale— Handsome English dog cart. Ad-
dress box 251. Call office. . . " . :
A BARGAIN in good carriage; saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 805 G. G. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. 3. -F. .
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carrlas*
horses: French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, t
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 82S Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.: he sells too cheap. 64 Eighth at
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EGAS Sc SON. 2117 Mission- st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
" camping wagon for Bale, cheap. 533 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOMELY furnished flat <7 rooms and
kitchen) for one year, or furniture for sale,
on account of owner leaving State. Address
H. H.. P. O. box 2685. city.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner
Bt.. near Ellla.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED. O^T
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath: handsomely fur-
nished; will lease for one year or more; gar-
den and convenient to car lines. 2315 Wash-
ington at.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st.
~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Diamond cluster earring this morning,
between 12th and 19th sts., Castro and Harri-
son: liberal reward. A. S. COHN, S5S-95S
Washington St., Oakland.
LOST— Sept. 15. 1901. small gold »wreath pin.
opal setting; vicinity of Ninth, Hayes and
, Franklin sts. \ Please return to 1333 Howard.
LOST — Black coat Saturday night on Grove st.
Please return to 120 McAllister st.. flat 5.
LOST— Scotch collie pup; answers name Duke.
Reward at 136 Church at.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of CANDELARIA GRADWOL, No.
230-760. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old;
i gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell Bt. ;
tel. Bush 421. ta
MEDICAL. '
DR. O'DONNELL— All. who are sick and in
. trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have teen used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate, helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases haveL
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre*^ 1 "
confidential advice on al! subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. Opp. Fifth.
RETURNED
MRS. DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1223 Market at.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. . DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men. only. 997
Market St., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dies* specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care:, low feea.
MRS. D. WYETH.. ladles' specialist; homo con-
finements;- removed to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist. c<5nftnem f ts.
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S i>ews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
ailXES AAD MIXING.
HIGH-GRADE free gold land to locate: act
quick. Box 401. Call office.
l 4 MECIKC AX D ASSAYIX G.
QUICKSILVER, gold and copper mines for
sale; California, New and Old Mexico; bonds
from owners: reliable Information. MAY.
ELLIS & MAY. 63.S Market st. •
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1013, 1021, 10&I
Mission at., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
30-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $300
20-H.P. boiler and 15- II. P. engine complete. $3'1
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.}! ff\
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $»
Also pipe, fittings, etc H. a WHITE. il»
Mission st. ...
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
. ant* black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor- mads
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a bis
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and full dresj reasonable.
A CLEARANCE sale and removal to 17-19
Fremont st. ; billard and pool tables, bar
fixtures and beer apparatus. St. Germain
Billard Co.. 409 Market st. -
FOR sale— Patent for a singletree for releasing
draught horses; best and simplest of that
kind; profitableness proved many times and
in many ways. Address box 325. Call office.
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 t>
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 123 Geary.
FOR Sale— 3 tanks, capacity 600 gals each; also
1-story tankhouse to be removed. Particulars
apply to M. J. BLACKMAN. 225 Hayes st.
1901 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and others; 2d-hand bicycles: cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL 309 Larkln st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $53;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 202 Califor-
nia st.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H."P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
LADIES' bicycle, in good order, for sale cheap;
call between 9 and 12 a. n. 5 Post St., cq»-»V
between Hyde and Larkln. • • \ - J
FINE auits. $!•); dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— S3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Plna.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. -
HEADQUARTERS .for. trunks. baJta and dres3
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY stock J8; worth
$10; dividends. HENLEY. 478 Parrott bldg.
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness.' 2 lncuba-
tors, 2 brooders. 1157 Thirty-fifth ave.. South.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths- and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission sir ' j
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. ' J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. I
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash, or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ana
boilers bought and sold. KKOGII MFG. CO.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machln-
ery.. J. BURKE. 139 Beale at. - I
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 213 California «t.
MAGIC lanterns. r\w and 2d-hand moving plc-
torea. BULLARP & BRRCK. 131 Powt »t.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTs] "
WANTED— 10 or 15 H. P. double action hoist-
lng engine; also small rock breaker; must be I
cheap and In good condition. Box 288. Call.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; al*3fc
documentary, stamps. R. Garvey, 1003 Call bid.'
WANTED— At once; old sealskins; will na»
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 131 9th at.; tel. Folsom 2533,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. ,
WANTED— By civil and electrical engineer,
late of the Trans-Siberian R. R. construction
- staff, surveying, designing or j supervision of
work;. will go anywhere," either ashore or to
sea, as marine electrician. Apply or write to
¦ D. SWITZKY, ¦ 1436 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, bill clerk
or. any.- kind of office work by middle-aged
. married man; twenty years' .experience in
general office : work; wholesale ' house pre-
ferred; steady- employment and personal
Interview solicited; references. Box 364. Call.
A YOUNG married -man, .German, experienced
in grocery, wholesale and retail, wishes sltua-
tlon; good references.. 8 Pearl st. ;
PRINTER wants situation In country office;
.can do newspaper and Job work; coast cli-
mate preferred. Address box. 423, Call office.
YOUNG man, German, reliable, of good educa-
tion and appearance, desires position in city;
willing to learn ;-r learns very quick; anything;
chance of advance; references. ' Box ' 422, Call.
YOUNG : man, /speaks- German and English
fluently, best of 'recommendations -and -refer-,
ences, desires position: country preferred.'
Box 472, Call.: . ¦¦¦ ¦'
MALE trained nurse, speaks German and
English, latej U. S. medical service, desires
position of any kind; best of references.- Box
473, Call. ¦
WANTED^Situatlon by strong young man;
good education; speaks English -and German;
to do anything; .not afraid" of work.
Address J. ' H. E., 506 Powell st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged man would like
¦ a position in city or country to make himself
generally useful about. the house. Call after
6 p. m. W. F.. 784 Harrison st. '
A YOUNG married couple wish positions in the
. country; lady to cook, man to work, etc.
FRANK MARTIN, 3624 A; Sacramento st.
EASTERN man, thoroughly reliable and sober,
j wants position as watchman or any kind of
light work for the winter. Box 425, Call.
AN all-round handy man wants position - to -
take care of horses or as gardener. Box
295, Call. i______l
MAN and wife, competent and reliable, want"
charge- of place or work on ranch. Call or
address C. E., 358 Minna st.
WANTED— By first-class baker, a position in
_ country; working alone preferred.. Address
box. S3., Call office. f
YOUNG man wishes a position as a miner;
has. had lots of experience in all kinds of
mining. Box 317, Call office. .
PROFESSIONAL gardener • wapts private
place; meritorious references. Box 341, Call.
GOOD reliable barber wants a steady place.
Address box 2310,, Call office, Oakland.'
COOK— Steady and reliable man wants posl-
tlon. Address room 6, 45, Franklin St." *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lO9t>
Valencia at. > ¦ ¦ ' '
FEATHERS RE^VATEp.^
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.'J.O'Rourke.l393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 2682.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg. -
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
PLATS TO LET.
LOWER and' middle flats," 6 laree rooms and
¦ bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
expense to. tenants: completed Sent: 20: bay-
windows in every rm.- NW. cor. Portola and
: Duboce Pk., off Waller, bet. Pierce & Stelner.
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A — NEW sunny middle flat; reduced rent; 8
rooms; bath. 2414 Van Ness ave., nr. Union.
$11 AND $9— 2 flats, 4 and 3 rooms and bath.
¦ 14 Bruce place, off Folsom, bet. 7th and 8th.
HANDSOME new flat. 5 rooms and bath. 49
Alpine st/, between Thirteenth and Waller.
MASONIC ave., near Fell— Modern sunny flat,
4 rooms, bath; rent $14; water free. •
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat, 6 Tooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.,^
TO let-A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937 Ma-
son st. ' r •' - . •- . • . . ' "
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages," ¦ sent to any -address- In the
'United States Or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ' ¦- - ; ' - "
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED. '
NEWLY furnished modern sunny flat, -7 rooms
and bath. 430 Eddy- st. -¦ . . ¦„
FLATS WANTED. . '
6-ROOM flat wanted; north of Market and Va-
lencia sts.;' reference; no children. Box 402,
Call office. ' -.- . . :
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes?^r?v\ Neas—
Stylish effects: High-grade work: Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 B0— SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair; factory price. *
$2 — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr: 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market*— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
. peta, planoa. etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
. GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FESIALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone .Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
1 2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, to
go to-day; $20; 12 waitresses, first-class • city
and country hotels, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant
waitresses. $7; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
chambermaid, $17 50; cook, small institution,
$30 ....:.........;............................
........... FAMILY DEPARTMENT,
¦Cook and second girl, German family, $30
and $20; cook and second'girl," American fam-
ily, $30 and $20, and second girl, country, $23
'"and $20; second girl, , very choice place. $20;
ranch cook, $20; nfany others. MRS.- M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary .st. ¦
WANTED— French lady's, maid. $25; 2 'cooks,
country. $30, $35. see party here at 10 o'clock;
, laundress for Institution, $30; cook for Por-
. tervllle, fare here, $25; 2 nurses,, city refer-
ences, $25; hotel, cook, $30," $35; 5 second girls,
$20, $25; waitress, $20, Institution; chamber-
maid arid • seamstress. $25, . private family;
housework, 2 in family, $25,- San Rafael; par-
lormaid • and waitress, $25. > J. F. ¦'• CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. . . ¦ '• !
WE have an excellent opening for women de-
pendent upon their own resources; many, with
us are earning $2000 a year as our -resident
managers; you can dp the same;- light, easy,
pleasant, genteel work; no ** canvassing— no
• humbub; write at once. N. CURAR CO., box
833, Denver, Colo. • " "• • : ¦ . . -
'A GOOD shorthand teacher for interior; .good
salary; must understand Smith Premier type-
writer. L. -&-M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. .. "-.- • ¦
WANTED— Girl > to assist; general housework
-and cooking; references. Apply. 1228 Wash-'
- ington at.V ¦ . ¦•¦.-¦¦¦¦' . ' \
WANTED— Bright young lady for office; good
writer;- correct' at figures; moderate salary.
Address box 414, J Call office. - •
ERRANDgirl for ladies', tailor store; prefers
one who knows plain sewing. Apply K. BE-
DROS, 520 Sutter st. . ' . ".
WANTED^-Neat girl for second work; refer-
ence required. Call from. 9 to 11 a.' m., 1724
.Bush st. .* . . ' .- • ,
TAILORESS, first-class finisher on coats; also
apprentice. Call early, 119 Russ st.
PANTS . finishers ; steady work. . 858 Howard.
.- bet: Fourth and. Fifth, over -handball court.
WANTED— Girl » to Ho cooking. . Apply 204
Halght at. . • , , ,. -¦ . -- .; * . ; '
-WANTED-^-Young woman as housekeeper. Call
at 602 Minna st. after 1 p. m. ' ' '. -, 1 . ;
COOK; small washing; apply.l to S p. m.' 1616
' Vallejo st. .-.; • "... .: . ; ;.,- . ¦* •.-•.•;
PARTY to ' scrub and clean empty • house ; $1
day and lunch. 9 Page st/ - ¦ « ' . • ;
GIRL to do light housework and cook for an
elderly woman. 2631 Sutter st. -,••;.;
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; permanent-
positions;. good pay; no ' fee. 127 Mason st. f
GERMAN cook; wages. $30. Apply between 10
- and 12 at 2108 . Broadway. ? -. -~ $• ¦'. ..' ¦'•,., , I
WANTED— Girl for plain cooking; no washing:
small family;. wages; $20. 1548 Post. at. . j
CHAMBERMAID wanted "~at :211 ; Fourth at. ;
$12 50 a month, room and board. ; ' r- ' - • 1
¦¦¦¦ HELP WANTED— FEMALE—^Con. ~"
OPERATORS on overalls ' at' Levl Strauss St
Co.' a factory, 32% Fremont Et.; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.; '.. . -. .. ..... . '
FIRST-CLASS trimmer and makers wanted in
millinery store. 692 McAllister at- - ' .
WANTED— Girl ! for" general 'housework; • wages
$25. 838 Hayes st. ;. - >
WANTED-^A j young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st. . , .. •
AN' apprentice at MME. LICHAU'S dressmak-
"ing parlors; paid while- learning.-. 455 Geary.
WANTED— Middle-aged-chambermaid^ $30 per
month and room. 123 Eddy st. • -
WANTED^A woman dishwasher. 183 Seventh
street. ., ' '.. ¦ ;
CHAMBERMAID wanted at - the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery at. ¦ ' \
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy . and neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 18
. years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
¦ ing. Standard Shirt Factory; cor. Gough anl
Grove fits. . .. . .. j
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper and stenog-
. rapher; one thoroughly acquainted with office
work for commission house. . Call Monday
. between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m., BLUM, MOR-
RIS & CO., 210-212 Davis street.
WANTED— First-class notion saleswoman;
: one who Is competent to .take charge of a
stock; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 400, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
; department. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
; 11 a. m. . - ;_ ¦ ¦-• • ' -. -. . -
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
wrapper. N Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m. -"» .'. ¦_ '.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. G.
1 W. REYNOLDS, £97 Mission St.; cor. Second.
WANTED— Woman with small amount of
money who is willing to invest in paying
; business.. Box 399. Call office.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. . ..¦.---
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College. 143 Stockton, r. 15.-
OPERATORS t» take work home. 636 Mission
- St.. third floor. - ' - ¦ .
GIRL for general housework.- Apply Monday
or Tuesday before noon.: 1310 Gough st.
GIRL to run errands; also operators on braid-
! ing machines, i 121 Post st., room 31.
LADY for fancy . work," painting, etc., for a
store. Box 431, Call office.
WANTED— A business woman to attend lodg-
lng-house department. 26% Kearny. rms. 9-10.
f> EXPERIENCED glove makers; Driving and
Eurekas. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
YOUNO" girl for second work. 2111 Pine st.
WANTED— Machine operators at H, ANDER-
SON'S, 26 O'Farrell st.. '..-¦ . .
WANTED— Young girl to 'assist with the care
of 2 children. 1314 Masonic ave.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary at.
WANTED- Woman, good cook for men! • Ap-
. ply at 2030 Seventeenth St.. corner Vermont
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; '. bookbindery.
536 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market st. ' ¦¦ % ' -.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at . ' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10 M
Valencia st. .-¦-...-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
j Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
UELl 1 WAATKU MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and "Labor "Agents..
OFFICE .OPEN .7 a. m. TO-DAY
MONDAY
R. R. MEN WE. SHIP TO-DAY
FRUIT PICKERS WE SHIP TO-DAY
UKIAH
UKIAH .....;
SHIP TO-DAY— MONDAY
CAL. N. XV. RY.. ...:..
SANTA FE R.'-R. „
.60 teamsters.. v.. ............. ...Uklah. free fare
50 laborers Ukiah. free fare
25-racn to cut right of way Ukiah
Free fare^ wages $2 to $2 50 day
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK
Stockton Fresno ..Merced
Bakersfleld and other divisions
60 laborers to work on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs
FREE FARE SHIP DAILY
FRUIT PICKERS WANTED TO-DAY
125 -men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
- fruits $30 and found; fare from 50c to $2
15 men and boys to pick grapes and other
fruits, to go to-day.......... $30 and found
25 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruit, work in packing house and dry yards:
.no experience .- $30 and found
MECHANICAL HELP
Plumber and pipe fitter, institution
$52. and found; see boss here'
Carpenter for a mine $73
Carpenter factory, south ; boiler-makers'
helper, country, $2 25 day;. camp blacksmith,
" North — $45 to $50 and found, see boss here
3 harness-makers, camps and ranches.. $35, $i0
2 machine blacksmiths; 5 blacksmiths and
helpers; blacksmith, Nevada, $90.
GOLD..... MINES ...SILVER
Laborers Quarries
5 single-hand miners $75 and $60
6 laborers, new mine, no experience re-
quired, $60: E0 laborers, different gold and
. silver mines, $75, $60 and $40 and found: 25
drillers and hammersmen, $60; 500 laborers,
different places, city and country. $1 75 to $4
' day; 2 laborers, factory. $1 75 day; 5 men,
handy with tools, city, $2 day. t
¦ 10 . laborers, no experience required, to cut
.; and work in brush... -..$37 60 and found
.............. SAWMILLS— WOODS ...V. "
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
l.i mills and yards, south $35 to $55 & fd
10 lumber pliers; 5 crosscut sawyers, $15 and
found; 15 laborers, no. experience required,
for ° different sawmill companies.... $35 to $60
FARMS— DAIRIES— ETC
39 farm hands, steady Jobs.... $26, $30 and $35
6 ranch teamsters; 17 milkers, $30 and $35;
choreman, private place, $25: 7 stablemen and
hostlers. $60, $35 and $30; gardener; teamster
• for a mine, $30 to $35 and found: farmer
and wife, $40; butter-maker, and milker, $35;
2 young men, machine shop, $1 50 ¦ day.
.:.... BAKERS— HOTEL HELP. ETC. ......
. 5 bakers, country shops, $45 and $50; cake
baker, $40; 2 butchers, . $52; camp cook, $35;-
3 ranch and camp cooks; dishwasher,- ranch,
$25; 9 waiters; butcher for mine, $40: 7 cooks,
. city, and country; nurse for an institution.
. Upholsterer and ' salesman, country; clerk,
city. 1
Office open 7 a. m.' to-day.
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER ' for quarry. $150 and found;- 5
men and' wives for ranches and private places.
$40, $45 and $50 and found; foreman for ranch.
$45 to $50, see boss In city; gardener;- $30 and
found;. farmers, $25 and $30: '3 milkers, $35 and
wagon driver, country, $30 and fd; milk
wagon driver, city, $40: lumber pliers, 40c an
hour; laborers and ' teamsterS, ?3 to $4 day,-
j and others. J. F." CROSETT & CO^, 628 Sac-
ramento st. .;'..- . -
COOK and wife, country hotel, $65; 2 cook's,
country hotels, $45 to $50; steward for restau-
cant. $15 to $17 60 week; night < steward. $15
week; .oyster cook, $35 to $40 ; pantryman, $7
to $8 week; hotel waiters, etc.; short-order
cook, $12 week, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Cook $45 and
dishwasher $2b, same place, . Eureka; .- cook,
plain city hotel, $55; hotel butcher, $45; second
cook,-- $45; ¦ 2 waiters, country, $30; night
waiter, $45; restaurant porter, $25; 2 dish-
washers,. $30. and $7, a week: 2 couples (men
and wives), country, $50 and $40. Apply for
particulars at 316 Stockton st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
— Steward,- $75; -3 bellboys, new hotel. $10;
waiter, country. $25; 4 colored waiters, coun-
try,- $30. ¦ -s ¦ ..-.-,
JOURNEYMEN . Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
¦ Free employment. 927 Market st., room- 207, ,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.,. .
WANTED — Blacksmiths. horseahoers and
• wheelwrights- to go to Manila,' P. I. Apply
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New ¦ Mont- 1
gomery at. ¦, OSCAR :F. LONG, Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army.- ' - .-• ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
¦WANTED — Cooks, waiters, pantrymen, porters,
dishwashers;, also experienced restaurant
... steward; '• no'' fee. 127 Mason st. V '.. ' •
PRINTER— Young man to learn -Job printing;
. one who I has had some experience preferred.-
Room 18. 523 Market st. • , ¦ ¦
WANTED— A reliable man - to act .as night
¦ watchman and porter; a steady place to right
¦ man.: Address box 1 108. • Call office. • ¦ .
2 WAITERS,' $30 a month and ' found: dish-
washer, $25: second cook, $45 . and found. 301
Twenty-second at. ...... . . ' " . , 1
COATMAKER wanted to ' work in atore. 305G
Twenty-fifth st. ¦ - ¦'¦¦¦._¦• y/ - .-..
BOYS wanted; steady, employment. ZOBEL &
•BANNER. 671 Market at. . , : : \
A FEW. good solicitors between 9 and 10. 206
Kearny St., room 511. . ¦ ¦. ,-' . -.-_•
MAN to wash dishes and make himself. gen-
' erally useful in restaurant. 435 Ellis at.KLNCS RIVER AT RED- MOUNTAIN.
TUOLUMNE' RIVER AT LA GRANGE. --
REAL ESTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
;riattista, Theresa, Mlchele and Maria Cian
cioru'.o to William Wolf, lot on Ndineof Ellis
street. l(ii:7%.E of Octavla;/ E 4%. inches by N
137:6: $10. * ." — ¦-. . - .. --- . - -
William ami Jeanette Wolf to Joseph Hirsch
fel'l.llot 'on N lire. of Ellis street, 164:7% E of
Octavla,; E 27:6: by'N 137:6; $18,000. ;v .=. : ,
Otto and ' Madeline >K Cirunsky ; to James and
•'Fallowing is a statement ot the estimated
flow ot certain California, rivers in cubic . feet
per second, or . second : f eet. j one- second ¦ foot
equaling. 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 .Colorado mlnerls inches. .The figures are
from J. B. LiWpincotf ; hydroKrapher or the
United States Geologic*! Survey :f . ¦--¦.-
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRT.
JfLOW OF RIVERS.
GRAND HOTEU
J J O'Rourke & w, Cal Mrs G H Stewart, La-
J W Glenn. Stockton molne • -./ • . ,
W. Biekman, Sacto I G Zumwaldt. Coluea
J O'Brien, Buffalo E,T Clowe, Woodland
J L Barham.R Bluff C A Moore & w, Sacto
F Cox, Berkeley L J Logan, Boston
H Lobner, Colfax Dr.R'R. Hammond &
J Poundstone, Grimes : ' w, , Stockton '
JVV Kearth, Colusa C.Jacob." Mok Hill
W F Howell, Grimes A L Heney, Mt View
R A Hunter, Woodland B Frommer, Sacto
G R Hurlbut,' Madison W A Hawiey <& w, Ala
H Cahalan.'R Blitft ' Mrsj J Poundstone Co-
G E Wllkins. R Bluff rusa ¦"- • • -,¦/
R S Cromble, Lob Ang H- E Carter." Los Ang
Mrs A Wilson, &t Paul C Sollars Lodi ' .
Mies G Wilson, St Paul C G Rostef, Jamestown
E O Miller &.w.'Wis: Mrs W McGtnty, Cal'
Mrs L R ' Booth, Wia Miss H J? Morton, Cal
W.Rohnich. Sargent W Hood, Sacramento ¦
Mrs W Kohnich, . Srgnt J A Kuppenheimep,' NX
H H Welch, Victoria |J M Root, Chicago
T G Brien, Winnipeg! jj B Porter. Salinas
W Bearlockway & w, G F Trenwith.S Barb
Nanatmo - ' >J V Leurs. w & dau,
G Naher & w, Seattle | "Washington, D C -
C W Cornell, Vancouvr.M FDurphy, Portland
C R Rock-well, Los Ang W H Dunphy.-.MlJibrae
F P Pattlson. Pittsbrg^M Michaels, Woodland
G H Williams, VlsaliaiHRummelsberg- tilths
- ¦' PALACE HOTEL". ' r ;j
J *I Lynch, Menlo PR"J F Parks, Jacks jn
I W Robbinsv Berkeley E CHammon.Lodl
W G Gosslin. Portland W H Seavey., Boston
F Coblentz." New York W H Hand, Calistoga
J B-Wolf. New York JA I^imbach, Chicago
F S Morris, ,Portland F E- Coyden, Sf Joseph
J. A Dubbs.Elttsbu.rg C V. Priocu Kentucky. ¦
C E Handy. , I» Ans * K L Jones. New York
R E'Mar»,.N Y' . W G Nickerson. Boston
H D ;Sturtevant & w. J K Borrell. .Stanford
Chicago -• . - - C G-Munvhy. ¦ Stanford
J Sturtevant, Chicago C H Toll & w, L Ang
"A JSimmonds, N Y -'. Mrs EH Roberts, Cal
J p Neather, ' Chicago Mr &.Mrs W Rosen-
Mr &¦¦ Mrs F-S Kim- thai, Madera
ball,/N J; - -~ I N Large. L Angeles
P Kimball. N J R B Large, Denver
J W Adajns. Carson G L* Batty, w:& 3 c
H S Baron, New York . Portland • .
M Roberts. Stanford H, SaurwalfPa
.!«' A Leib. ¦ Stanford ..-•-. ¦:;•¦¦ •..••'- -
-' ¦-.•?¦ NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
>S FBauman,' Stockton! A' EEarley. Seattle
A Lelion,. Denver.. V,: A* Anderson. Palo Alto
P V, Slioeneki, Denver N-Ducr, Sacramento -
E Lavine, Sacto . G*\V Green Honolulu
J Smith; • S=it Jose - ' P MMcMahon, Hono-
C - O . Stowbridge. Mont I lulu- ¦;¦.-.¦; •
N,R Caraman, Los A.I.T W Route,"; Los Aniy'v
B:C Bassage,] Portland; Mrs. F K Balrd, Cal
Juhn Nelson. ¦ Sacto _ '¦'¦." ''.'. . —
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
An area of high pressure overlies Washing
ton - and British Columbia, while the lowest
pressure is central In -Southern California and
Arizona. The pressure : has fallen alone . the
Northern California and Orecon coast and
ri3cn .over the plateau and Rocky Mountain
region. . . • . ' . ' "' ~ - ' !>
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts.";. In. the interior of • California the
temreraturu ranges from 98 to 102- degrees. .
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued ¦ warm weather in Lh^. interior of: Cali
fornia, with fog; alonar the- central, coast at
night and early morning.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight September 16, 1981: . / *-
Northern. California— Fair Monday, excapt
foggy along the coast in the \ mornihK: con
tinued warm in the interior: light west wind.
Southern. California— Fair Monday; light west
wind. ' ' • • ' : ' '
. Nevada— Fair Monday; continued warm; light
northwest wind. .. :
San. Frivneisco and vicinity — Fair. Monday,
escept f ossi' • in • the morning ' and at night;
brisk west .wind in the afternoon. ¦
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official, . ;
¦' Temporarily in Charge.
Astoria... .:.'.. 30120 70 46 NW Clear 0
Baker 30.14 64 38 N Clear '0
Carson .......2^.93.86 44 NE 'Clear C
Eureka 20.94 62 4S NW' Clear . 0
Kresno '.... 29.76 100 66 , W Clear 8
Flagstaff 29.98-' 82— 12' W ¦ Clear 0
Pocatello, Idaho. ..29.t8 70 48 W Clear 0
Independence. ...... 29. 72 92 . 64 SE Clear 0
Los Angeles........2!».88 76 56 SE Clear. 0
Phoenix 23.72 102 70. SW '-. Clear 0
Portland .......30.12 72 48 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff....; 29.78 102 66 SE Clear 0
Koscbur? :;^.:30.04 76 42 NtV" Clear 0
Saciamcnto 29.78 9S 60 S Clear 0
Salt Lake'. .30.00 72 48 NW Clear Q
San Francisco. 29.88 62 52 W Pt Cldy 0
San Luis Obispo.. .29.92 78 50 : S Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 68- 62 NW Claar 0
Seattle.'.. ...'...'.....30>26. 65 *i NW. Clear 0
Spokane'.. .:.......'. 30. 20 66 42 N Clear 0
NeahBay ..:... 30. 28 56 42 N Clear 0
AV,iJhLWalla...'....30.16 72 48 NW Clear 0
Winnemueca 38 ...... 0
Yuma... .:...... ...23. 70 102 70 W Clear > 0
STATIONS, J 1 11 1||* H I
• • • I B
THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 15, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperature* wera
reported from station? in California to-day:
• Eureka., 62; Red Bluff, 102: Sacramento. 98;
Mount. TamalpaU,' 87;. Fre ana. 100; San Luis
ObUpo. 78; Independence, 62; Los Angeled, 7<;
San Die-so, 68. . • , ' • ¦ i
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 52; mean, 56. ¦ . • .-•¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 15.— One of the first
"passenger train accidents to occur on the
White Pass and Yukon Railway since the
opening of the road happened September
Iff. -The accident wasat the we^f end
of the tunnel on the White Pass, about
two miles north of Glacier. That no lives
were lost was due to the quick action of
Engineer Mclvenzie.
The train left White Horse at 9 o'clock
a. in. with five 'passenger, coaches filled
and two baggage cars. Everything ran
smoothly to the summit and the heavy
train started on ths down grade. Th« tun
nel was entered and the engine, two bag
gage cars and four coaches . had safely
passed over the high trestle just west of
the tunnel and. over the canyon 300 feet
deep when the forward trucks of the last
coach jumped the track. The rear trucks
stayed on the track.' *'< •
The last coach, with, the wheels of the
forward trucks bumping along; th« tiess,
just reached.the opposite side when over
tipped "the coach, hanging on the end ct
the hill, with s. 500-foot chasm beneath.
•Engineer McKenzie applied. tile air brakes
and the train came to a sudden stop. Ten*
feet more and one of the most awful ac
cidents In ' Alaskan history* would have
been chronicled." "¦'¦'.
- The passengers in the overturned car
made a-ruab'tor the doors. The car was
in such a position that egress was hard.
The women made outcries, bat soon
gained their presence of mind and the
men forgot their own peril for the mo
ment and began assisting the women and
children to a safe position. By this time
every -member of the train crew was on
hand and with the passengers from other
parts of the train assisted the occupants
of the derailed car from their perilous
position. In a. few minutes every one cf
the thirty-three passengers were out.. -
Mary Burke, lot on S line of Hayes street, ltw
\T of Webster. W 24:10 by S ECT?6: $10.
Thomas G Magnlre to Mary A Magu'ire, lot
on NW line of Napa (Twentieth) and Folsom
streets, W 245 by N 95; gift.
Mary A Maguire (wife of Thomas G-> ti>
Joseph W. MAgulre, lot on NW line of Napa
(Twentieth.) and Folsom streets, W 245 by N
85; gift. .
' Alvin H. and Mary S. Pcrley to Warren SI.
Co\-ey, lot on E line of Shotwell street, 272 N
of Kightecnth. N 25 by E 122:6r$10.
Martin M. Gleason, Catherine McCabe (wife
of R. S.) and Hannah Ma-lone to James M. ancl
Mary. J. Carberry, lot on E line of San: Carlos
avenue, 235 N of Nineteenth street, N 25 by
E 80; $10. . . , . . . . . v - - •
Alexandre and Julie Welll to Richard El.
Queen, lot -on N line of Sixteenth street, 30 W
of Church, W 50 by'N 93; $10.
Ollrc Verkouteren to Ellen >f. and Margartt
Farley, lot on NW line of Duncan street an.I
San Jose avenue, W 51:4, NW 43:11^, SE 6S:::,
SW 26:»%: m. .;¦-..¦-
Meta Rohrs to Eugene Hoffman, lot on Ti'
line of Guerrero street, ,176:6 ,S of Twenty
eighth, W 100, S 25. E 99.INE 5:6. -N 13:9%: $10.
Daniel G, and Sarah E. Meyer to John A.
and Mary E. Kennedy, lot on N line or Dajr
street, 230 E of Noe, ESbyN 114; $10.
Edward Moora to- Fannie B. Currey, lot on
W line of Powell street. 68:? N of Clay, N 22:11
by W 58:9 (duitclaim deed); $1.
Fannie B. Currey to Samuel T. Currey (hus
band) and Morrison B. and Hazel E. Curny
(children)^ lot on ' W line of Powell atreei:,
8S:9.N of Clay, N 22:11 by W «i»:U: gift.
- Judah Boaa, Rudolf Kleeberg. Joseph Rosen -
thai, estate of J. R. Smith. Edward Forbes.
Fourth National Bank ofTCansaa and Henry C.
Pitman' (by D. B. Bdwley. commissioner) to
Marcus Rosentbal. lot on SW corner of Pout
and William streets. W 30 by S 67:ff; $313-1.
Belle W. Sprague (Donahue), wife of R. H..
to Spencer C- Buckbes. undivided one-quarter
of lot Oft SE line of Harrison street; 68 SW of
fieale, SW 23:6 by SE 77:6; also undivided one
fliiarter.of lot on SE line of Harrison street,
&14:6 SW. of.Beale,. SW 23 by SE .137:6; $10.
Estate, of Isabelle Donahue, minor (by Bel'le
W. Spragrue. guardian) to same, all hitereiit
In same (2. pieces) ; $15C0.
Paulina Levy, to- George de- -Urioste, lot en
NW line of FoUotn street, 50 NE of Fourth,
NE 25 by NW 80: $10.
Nicholas. "Mathilda, Henry and Catherine M.
Ohlandt. John . A. and Mary M. Buck to Marie
A. Fedde (wife of'B.). lot on SW. line of
Twenty-ninth avenue". H SB ot P street. SB
25 by SW 200 block 523. Haley Purchase: $450.
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Edward Lu«
etedt, lot on W line of Larkin street, 1C2:8'4
S Of Pacific. S 23 by 112; $10.
' John Heyen to Jainea and Annie E. Earlej',
lot on E line of Flllmore street, 30 S of Green
wich. S 25 by E 82:6; $10. -
John J. de Campos to James Ambrose, undl
divtded one-fltth.of lot on NW corner of Geary
and Lyon streets,. W 126;6 to point of beginnintf.-'
thence N 1C0.. W 2a: S 100, E 23: also undivided
cne-flfth of. lot on W line of Wood street, 371:9
N of Point Lobes avenue, N 33 by W ICO; $161.
Harlan P. Smith to Mary L. Smith, lot on W
llne.of Forsom street, 193 S of Twenty-first, S
40 by W 122;6; gift.
Gustaf-Leptatr. and Marie 5f;~ Leplat (Lee)
(Greff) to Thomas and Maria Wallace, lot on
N line' of Twentieth street," ISO W of Guerrero,
W 25- by N Hi; $10. ' ¦ ¦" • . . ¦
• Annie and Peter Colemun to Daniel Hanlon,
lot on- W line of Capp street, ISO N of Twenty
fifth, re ?0 by W JIS: no.
A. P. Hotaling &.Co. (corporation) to Jose];h
and Jacob Harris, Jot on SW corner of Powell
and Francisco streets, S 50 by W 87:8; $10.
Edward J. and. Charlotte M. Curling to Fir
man R, and Susie- C. -Voorhiea, lot on S line at
Clement street. 55 W of Fifteenth avenue, TV
25 by » lOOi-JaflO; :. •
Victor and Florence Williams to Blanche Wil
liams, lot on E line of Fifth avenue.' 250 S of
Point Lobps gvenue. S 2S by E 130: $17;"o '
Roderick G. and Etta J. Guyett to Fred F.
Connor, lot SE corner of B street and Twentv
third avenue, E S2:S by S ICO; $25.
Paul Feroffiaro to Angelo Ferogiaro. lots 1
and 2, (block 484, lof I, "block 540, Bay View
Homestead ; $10. - - . ¦ . .
Builders'. Contracts.
• La Corapanla ' Frontones Americanos. 9.
A. >of Mexico (owners), with O. E. Brady &
Son architect Ji E. Freeman—
Mascn and concrete work, etc., for a "fronton"
(one-story structure) on S line of * Market
street. ]£0:SU Eof EiffBth.: S 61:3.%, W ll^J-i
S 5 inches TV", to a point. S to a point VH S
of ' Market street, E 210, N to a point W 6 1
tn«nc£ deflecting 58 degrees 36 feet, right 9V:7
to corner post of steps- leadfng to theater build
ihg, thence deflecting 6 degrees 1C0 feet to In
tersection of :. N wall of cafe with W side- of
park pavilion, thence: . along- i said wall NW JiS,
N to S.ljne of Market street, W 22:6%; $ll,2,iffi
¦ Same (owners) with : W: A. Newsom and
Stephen McXeil (contractors), architects samt:—
Carpentsr work, plumbing, painting; piaster
ins, etc.. for same on same;. JS331. -
'LONDON,- Sept.; 15.— The strength and
.confidence of the Stock ' Exchange j which
experienced such a severe shock when the
news uqf the attack upon President Mc-
Kinley was ¦ received, suffered an* almost
equal 1 strartf~yesterday upon the sudden
announcement • of : -. his death'.'- After a
momentary tremor and the , sagging in-'
evi table on the first announcement of the
shooting,' the market -"had rallied deter-'
minedly, supported here by immense buy -
ing orders, believed '. to be chiefly Ameri
can. The course of. trading throughout
was well, marked by -a healthy upward
trend, which was helped- greatly by; the
conlident : reports as to Mr. . McKinley'a
convalescence. :¦"; . .'-¦¦' ;
. With the- second ¦ shock, . .lOwever, ¦ the
whole courser of' the inside support, power
ful but secret, which had been holding up
the market, v must; be gone over again In
order to prevent a severe decline,; which
the big -.interests would not warrant at
this jmteture. One thing is certain, the
deattr^of Mr. McKiniey will . precipitate
gold • shipments, owing to the desire of
New Yorkers to strengthen their position.
The Bank of England, following numer
ous Inquiries for eagles, raised the selling
prices to 76s 9d, but In case there should
be a determination on the part of the
United States to import gold the advance
of a farthing will not keep it here. Con
sequentlyy discount rates are hardening 1
materially, 2% per cent being asked on
three mtmths.' bills, and 2 per cent for
longer periods. Even at these rates the
holders of bills hesitated in the hope of a
further rise> »" .- <;'ji
Of course* a decided ri3e in money here
would tend to depress. hip»* class securi
ties, but," .fortunately,. London, Parts and
Berlin are all well supplied.- It is not
thought that the £10,000,000 that will prob
ably be demanded by New York will,
create a serious stringency here. To those
able to ignore a high money rate, the
prospective shading of gilt-edged securi
ties should offer a good opportunity : In
the way of bargain purchases. »
While railway securities and industrials
are hesitating over the interest outlook,
mining shares are decidedly more eheer
ful, especially on the strength of better
news- from 'South Africa and the ap
proaching date of the 'effectiveness of
Lord"' Kitchener's proclamation." These
considerations favorably affect South
African mining shares, which also feel
the influence of the steadily increasing
output of the Rand. . :
BERLIN,. Sept.- 15.— The announcement
of the death of Mr. McKinley did not ex
ercise any depressing influence upon the
German Boerses,' It being believed that
Mr. -Roosevelt will pursue the same policy
as his predecessor and also that the
efforts of New York financiers to prevent
a crash would succeed. Canadian Pacific'
and Northern Pacific shares fell some
what Friday, but this was partly recov
ered Saturday. The Berlin Boerse, how
ever, suffered independents of the death
of Mr. McKinley from a variety of un
toward events. The week began with ths
announcement that .the Allgemeine Kleln
bahn Gesellschaf t would lose half its
capital . through recsnt financial troubles.
by Jmmense Orders
From Buyers.
Severe Decline Is Prevented
Pprtion of Train Wrecked ab
Dangerous Pqint in
Narrow Escape of Manjr
Passengers on White
Pass.
Prices Sag on Receipt of
the News of Death
of
LONDON MARKET
SUFFERS SHOCK
COACH HANGS
ABOVE CHASM
THE SAN FRAK CISCO 'CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1901.
11
•-,;-•¦ '.v ; : I Second Feet.
.¦ . . ' DATE. . , ¦ ./ '- ; .
. •«'¦ , V ¦¦' -j : ;•' . , 19C0." •; 1301.
Septembearl.... 1 .....-..""...'...... \2S5" : "780" :
Septemb* 2.. ...... -12S0 723 ¦
September 3... ?. ..-....'. 250. 676-
September,*... •! -4M .624
September 5 .:..-.'.:....j N '520 . '624 •
6.".";... — '. - 440 . 624.
S«-ptembej-,7.... ..I. 400 624 •
DATE. I
! DATE.
f .Second Feet.
1900.' |"~19Ox7
September 1... ¦
September , : 2.'... ....;...; -' 12.
September. 3 ..'.'.......;.;.'. ,19 .
September; 4:.*.. ....*....:.'. : . - 12
September 5 ...:......'.... — 1.4 12
September, 0.:.. '. . .: :.f _ - .12 -
September 7.... .:.... ........j ¦ 12,'
I .19o"
- ISO
. • wo
.140
140
' • 110
¦ I 140 .
'; 7 : DATE.' '.- ' : ¦
September .1... ....;...... .*...
September "2:;. ....:.....
September 3.
September 4 ". '•¦••
September 5...: '
September 6 :
September ?....¦• •••••• •••••
DATE.
¦ Second" F^etl"
¦ISQO. r 1901.
. 38C3 ¦'¦
3805 38C3
. 2805 2813
3630 . -.-3905
5170 3805
3630
4170 j "3630
•-,;-•¦ '.v ; : I Second Feet.
.¦ . . ' DATE. . , ¦ ./ '- ; .
. •«'¦ , V ¦¦' -j : ;•' . , 19C0." •; 1301.
Septembearl.... 1 .....-..""...'...... \2S5" : "780" :
Septemb* 2.. ...... -12S0 723 ¦
September 3... ?. ..-....'. 250. 676-
September,*... •! -4M .624
September 5 .:..-.'.:....j N '520 . '624 •
6.".";... — '. - 440 . 624.
S«-ptembej-,7.... ..I. 400 624 •
DATE. I
! DATE.
f .Second Feet.
1900.' |"~19Ox7
September 1... ¦
September , : 2.'... ....;...; -' 12.
September. 3 ..'.'.......;.;.'. ,19 .
September; 4:.*.. ....*....:.'. : . - 12
September 5 ...:......'.... — 1.4 12
September, 0.:.. '. . .: :.f _ - .12 -
September 7.... .:.... ........j ¦ 12,'
I .19o"
- ISO
. • wo
.140
140
' • 110
¦ I 140 .
'; 7 : DATE.' '.- ' : ¦
September .1... ....;...... .*...
September "2:;. ....:.....
September 3.
September 4 ". '•¦••
September 5...: '
September 6 :
September ?....¦• •••••• •••••
DATE.
¦ Second" F^etl"
¦ISQO. r 1901.
. 38C3 ¦'¦
3805 38C3
. 2805 2813
3630 . -.-3905
5170 3805
3630
4170 j "3630
AUCTION SALES
.fei . - £a £»
AT AUCTION, September 17. 11 a. m.. at 11*>
. FOLSOM ST.. I will sell a fine assortment ot
horses, saddles, harness, bussies. wagons.
carts, surreys and robes. These goods win be
sold to the highest bidder.
~^-^.£. ERSOyAL S--Contlniiea. '
"^h^I?? 0 .^ 8 E »yPtian Henna;- restores Kray
hair to lta natural color; $1; at all druggists.
'wiffrFA?** Si U ?' V B0: dreSS P anU ' JJ 50 -
- Mlsflt Clothing Parlcr., cor. Bush and Dupont
°hH e £l d ' llver - diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
M £ SQ F ERADE costumes, play books. wl*s;
corintrrordfra. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
¦__PLAMISG AXD TURXI\G MILLS.
wo 9 r * and Ivory Turning. Planins, Shaping
' and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st
PRO PERTY WANTED.
I W^xt.s good stock ranch in Solano County;
winter range; in value $20,000 to t25,000; will
give business property and cash in exchange.
Address Stock Ranch, box 170. 'Call office.
REAL' ESTATE— CITY — -FOR SALE.
EIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17tb. 18th, Castro
and Noe sts. :¦ cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
KON. builder. : ____.
LOT Vanted-Contractor will build house or
flat! and .take lot as part payment. Box
¦416. Call. -•..-_ :
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL. ESTATE—COUNTRY For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Butter County, short distance from
Marysvllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; eood buildlnsrs and well watered and
fenced : this land will be cold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
' Tuba ' City, Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
. extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart ofUhe fruit grow-
las district of Northern Calif «ila and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980. Call office.
tor information a bargain will be given. :
FOR sale cheap— 10 acres, well fenced; has on it
400 French, 80 Imperial prune trees, -2 years
old; sood 4-room cottage: good well, stable;'
chicken houses and everything complete to
move Jn; also 12 acres with^-small house, larce
barn, a never-failing spring of the best kind,
of water; these ! places are 40 miles from San
Francisco, near goad R. R. town, in Santa
Clara Co., and within 5 minutes' walk of pub-
lic school; no better place in the country for
Xruit or chicken raising; will be sold very
cheap. Apply to Owner. 744 Fourth st., S. F,
$0500— IN Fresno: investment; two houses and
stable, all in first-class conditicn; lot 150x150
feet; for sale on account of owner going
abroad; lease .for. three years; In. first class
and central location; rents for £10 per month;
write for full particulars.
GEO. W. AUSTIN «: CO..
Exclusive Agents for this Property.
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO '.
Small tracts, $60 to 190 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for' poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st. for pam-
phlets or information. . - •
FOR bargains In Umber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also lanre list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale; place for
sale or rent; chickens, hogs, horse, swill
wagon, etc.; about ?45O. C. WILMOTT, 91«
Market st. j
GOVERNMENT land W homes: Al fruit and
timber land secured to locators. For terms,'
R. A. B. S.. International Hotel, S. F.
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache St., off Crescent ave. !
$2300— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado. County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE fa'-jn bargains.; call or send for list.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list C R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage; flrst-class in every respect;
a few minutes' walk from narrow or broad
gauge: extra large lot; sacrificed on account
of denarture; easy terms If desired. 131S-
Benton-et., Alameda.
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclorare; U cash. Bank ot Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTiSEMENTi-
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern. Eastlake cottage
of 5 large rooms, 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement; let 50x110 feet; sunny
-eide; elevated ground; choice location: right
near the cars; will be spid on monthly pay-
ments If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive agents for this property,
1C0S Broadway, Oakland.' ¦
FOR sale— New 7-room 2-story house, well
built and modern In every particular; situat-.
ed on Tenth ave.: "Nob Kill" of East Oak-
land; good : neighborhood: good .car service
and good location; lot 50x150; price and terms
reasonable: will take good Oakland lpt in
: part exchange. B. H. WELCH, . Owner, -
1379 Tenth ave.. East Oakland. ¦ - . -¦
O AKL A> D FURNITURE FOR SALE. *
AK introduction to you from H. Schellbaas. tfcs
. furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1C26 — i nice unfurnished rooms; . bath;
all • conveniences for housekeeping; $13..
ELLIS. 1164, near Gough— Elegant unfurnished
rooms, gas and bath.
"GEARY. 8133* — Two. three or four furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, gas range. •
-HA1GHT.' 232— 5 sunny unfurnished housekeep-
ing; rooms; must be seen to be appreciated;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1703— A' furnished bay-window room
for housekeeping; also single one.
LASKIE, 27. , bet. Sth and 9th, off Mission— 4
furnished rooms; complete housekeeping; $13.
MARKET, 1638. opposite Tenth— Adults only;
large furnished sunny front alcove, |10.
NICE front "sunny room: 'furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $2 per week. Apply
sh»e store, 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OAK, 119—2 basement rooms, yard; running
water. 2 beds, $10; single room, the same. $7.
PIIJRCE. 3000, corner Filbert — A sunny corner
suite of furnished rooms; piano; bath; use of
kitchen; rent $15. ¦ \
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap: reference.
TURK. £25— Snlar fiats, fine, new, Chicago
style; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping:;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
"WEBSTER., 2927 — Two furnished rooms.
kitchen and bath; complete for housekeeping;
near Union and Fillmore street car lines.:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hag been established at 10)6
Valencia st. - .-¦ ' ¦
ROOMS TO LET- — Furn/ and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms. 60c up; meals, Zac; ! free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 £lxtb-Rooms,
23c to $i per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .'
ARGYLE; 234 . McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take. McAUister-st cars.
A"f Shasta^House. 246 Third— 30ft rooms; newly
renovated ; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.- .
BACHELOR Hotel,' 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
firet -class: quiet; central. •' .¦ i '
BURNETT. 1426 -Market (eld No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed.rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.'
BUSH, SS7 — Newly and handsomely furnished
rooms; also elegant parlors suitable for physi-
cian or dentist; every convenience.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Newly furnished single and doable
rooms $6 up; central location.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms to
let, $1 per week.'. • *
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly-furnished
- suites and single: travelers accommodated. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., C23— Sunny double con-
" necting and single* rooms; private family. •
HOTEL ST.- DENIS (European plan). U Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly.. first-class;
K Me per day and upward; special rates by the
week. or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et. '
LEAVENWORTH." 1521— 2 large rooms; hot and
cold water and bath,^ with yard; rent. $8.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door ab<r?e-Van
, JCecs— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
•
AA-M AXH ATT ANnCoAlTcOMPANT"'"
JSOO.OOP at 6 per cent In sums to suit Citv ¦„*
Oakland, town end country property- HoS22
mortsares. life insurance & T^»^ d
on unsettled estates, undivided^ Interest ?n
real estate and legacies. We will purSJJ
of above securities, Tel. Red SO**: MANHAT
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. CrockeT Mdg
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT ~ '
First, second and third mortgages* "* v " ******
Undnided interest In real estate ln"probate"
Mortgages and legacies bou K ht; noieUv
2* Montgomery st.. room'j
erty is mortsaged, and you need more m on f"
«ee HERMAN mI'RPHY, «3 EsSrjgg
p 6 ro^ t rTn : te fi r^c
in estates, legacies, undivided interests secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corporation loans R 18 fi,,t ?5
Chronicle building. GEORGE E.' Sl^e^ '
AXY proposiUcn; any amount; « per cent on
_Adam $ building. 206 Kearay s't.. r^nT^^'
H^^d^^^ii^Hrf^»
eet rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 18 Tftlrd st
R ?'* a^^,o C^^ ration - « S ***>U<*«» 1865. proper
p.ace to borrow money on diamonds iewt'rv i
Pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of imere«* :
9 Grant ave.. near Market et ; tel. BUck 6471.
°M,r^L CS^ ate> 2011 mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26. Montgomery.
CA .?. H 4 1 ° aned t0 salaried people on note with-
out indoreer or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORREXL. 609 ExamineV building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ON REAL estate— 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% on furniture and pianos; S13 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
L*NCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
THE TOCELET Company; loans and discounts.
SZl Parrott bolldlng.
MOJCEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity. HOI, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan b'.dg.
J100.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room t.
MOXEY WASTED.
WANTED- $700 for Al security; good interest;
no tscalpers needed. Box 252, Call office.
MUSICAL L\STRCME\TS.
A BONANZA FoiTiNAP HUNTERS] ~
PIAKOS.
1 good upright. (55; 1 better. $85.
2 eood grands. $173, |195.
6 uprights. $133, $155, J1S0. S1S9, $138.
Also Conover, Steinway. Weber, Vose, Curtaz,
Decker Bros.. Pease. Standard, littla used.
ORGANS. .
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stop $44.
1 T-etop, i4S; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $T5; 1 16-stop, Liszt styl«.
. Mason &. Harnlin, very fine, $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckertng Agency.
14. COO sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL planet purchased of SHERMAN, CLAT tt
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright planoc $f per
xncnth; seme good pianos cold for XS, $4 and
« $6 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Suiter
cts.. Ban Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland,
OUR special "anniversary" sale Is still on; If
you have not already bought we can make it
an object for you to come and see us; we
have uprights from $75 upward; you get low
prices for <a.sh or payments. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. T69 Market st.
ALL highest grades cold by Heine Hiano Co..
Kile agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Kallet-Davis: great bar-
gain list, 150 up; Etelnway. $1S5 up; Fischer.
»:0C; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary «t.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in Etorace to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. lTOfi Market Et.
ANT siano co'.d by us taken back any tlm«
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Kn&be at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER C CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
tt ; established 1S50.
PIANOS— Steck, Everett, Hardman. Packard.
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. {opp. Mason);
branch ctore. S51 Broadway. . Oakland.
ATTlTSTlOrt. PIANO BUYERS!
Fchmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester.' Ham-
ilton and Esielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZTS. SOS. *10,' S1I Post.
¦WANTED — Good eeeond-hand piano cheao for
cash: no dealers. SCHRODER. 165 Mason Et.
£50— EMERSON and T bargain uprights and j
baby grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1723 Mlssn. ',
LEFT on sale— Xovella upright, $37; Steinway
upright. $165. Room 38. S17 Gear}' st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal up-
right piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
£TEI*CVTAT. S20»: Hart man. 1100; elegant new
planes. 5U0 xrp. W. C. Hamilton. S Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano as good »(? new: standard
tsake; n sacrifice. Hornung*». 21G McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk «t, =ear Market—
Ehor.lrger. Schubert and SteSnway bargalns-
I7S AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE* 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church stm.
A SPBCIAL fcr this wetfc— $400 piano for $T75.~
BRCENN. 2CS Post st.
ELEGANT new upriebt pianos for rent, $3 per '
tco. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
ST7PKBIOR vloltn*. z!th*"rs. olrt and new. H.
MULLER. milker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD Fprnnd-h*nd upright for sale cheap.
PfHMTTZ. 16 MfAllifter «t.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO LEASE for one or more years — Five stores.
lodre-room and hall in West Berkeley. Apply
to S. A. PENWELL. West Berkeley.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, Mx60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLIXS. 5Q»-Mlsslon st.
oil! ., ~"
OIL tanks, recond-hand. tn good order; all
mizctt: cheap. H. S. IVHfTE. E1« Mission »t-
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papen»d from S3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d: tel. Red 3521.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
BR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 H Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf the human body; see
testimonials at office,* 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium, :
764-766 Clay rt. ; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union ecuare: all diseases cured by herbs.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and lace
reading: lessons given. €17 Jones et.
PiiliSOX.VLS.
OVE BOTTLE of PInus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
E2 tO per bottle, for circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia, ct.. g. P. : tet. Church 1571.
I COLIN SALMOND, will not be responsible
'for any debts or 'business transaction con-
tracted by any one whomsoever without my
written order. ;
ELECTRIC H£bt Jn every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third £t., near Market; 708 rooms;
Sc to $1 69 Per night; $1 50 to $€ per week;
Jree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SI WEEKLY- Suits tZ order from genuine
Pontrh £15 up; fine dress cults. $70 up; el«-,
fS^oreSoS. $15 UP. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market tt.. between Seventh and Eighth. =,
SUTTER and Kearny ets. 9:30 a. m.: can't
make It; sorry; write and make any other
time. T ' °'
WHITE enamel Iron b«ds. single, three-quarter
or dolble *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A-If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call ou
Dr.LG. Moore.. 332. O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
xZ*£ experience. J. E. RAY. 457 Minna St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with'
Metric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter, tt.
LADIES-Get free, trial Diron's Ilalr Remover;
permanent. £S5 Market: earople mailed z»c I
.•/^.Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JjEftflnilffl'f*^ HEAUai ST. Establisliod
Sf^P^MH' 11 1834 for the treatment of l'rivute
'SSLJJttt^af pi Ji «-^'<eR. lAt%t MuntifxMl. Debilit.vor
TMTM*^tgMW»^is<ns«- wearlng»n body and mind iinrl
tijHS IBalHSSkln Disenscst TheDoctorcnres'w-iien
jSM SuragHothers fail. Try bin. Chargts lnw.
*^KS^SJiQ<'»»"e«cunran«cpd. Cull or write,
t»r» JF. r- «»cr;oai. «i*n Francisco. Cal.- 2
MOUNT TAMAtPAIS RAILWAY
TU SsafsHia fwry— To** at Xaifcst 8t '.
|g*-«:J:....WKW DAYS..... Sf*t!Z
8«Ja. m.) 12:15 p.m.
9*0 A. U. ' 1:13 P. U.
ISO r. u.. -¦ SjOr.H,
230 P. M.J 7:10 r. m.
fire. Sia r*r»» i!*m » Sasratt *M ftrtara, |l.«a .
Ticket Ofiots. 621 Market St., & Sags«»to Perry,
Sa(iita Fe Trains
•: Leave Market-street. Ferry Depot.
: r? --«¦ : I^ocal Llm'd Ovrl'd Local'
' ... Dally --:•• Daily Daily
Lv;: Sail : Fran 7:20a 9:00 a '8;CJp 4:20 R
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 o
12:22 p l:17p lotfa 9:11 p
•"-Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:30 n
" . Hanford.. .3:12 p ,S;27 p, 7:09 a .„
g« VisaUar... J:40p ...:.... i:iaa
" Bakrsfield 6:15;p 5:20 p 7:S0a
", Kan.'GIty ...;.... 2:40 a 7:30 a :.......
'* ¦ Chicago-- ¦•....... 2:lSp 9:C0 p
. a- for -morning-, p far- afternoon: ' •"
• •9- a. nu •••; train Is the California- Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying: Palace Sleeping Carsr ani i Dininit,
Cars through to Chicago. ' Chair Car run*
Xo Bakersfleld.for accommodation ot local
first *-clae3 passengers. No' second-class
' tickets honored on this train. -Correspond-
ingitrsin arrives at-5:53 p.m. Tuesday and
.Friday. . :• =' ¦ '-
" '4:30- p. m; ls> Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. id,
dally/- .-'"¦¦•¦ - -":• --'• ' - : • : '¦ .(,
.8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express wlfh
throusrh rPalace. nnd Tourist Sleepers an-t
Free KecitntngrChair Cars to Chicago; alsj
Palace Sleeper.- which? cuts -out at Fresnti.
Correspondins train arrives' a r 5:55 p. m.
daiiy.-. t/i "••¦-¦-'.¦•"-• '- ¦ '- ;-. ..
.7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stoppins
' at all.polnts-ln San^ Joaquln Valley. Corrc-
epondinsr train arrives Ht 8:40 a. m. daily.! .
I Of nces-r-6-11 Market ', etreetr and- - in": Ferry
Depot,, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, , Oaa'-
land. : --•¦',''¦ -".- -;¦:;,-¦ . -. ¦,.,
CALIFORNU NORTQWESTEBN RY. ca
LESSEE . '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburan Ferry. JFoot of Market «.
€an Francisco to San Rafae. 1 .
WEEK DA.YS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3::<0, 3:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 n. m. Saturdays— extra, trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. . . " " ¦
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:CO a. m.; . 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, S:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San- Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3.1C, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:53
and* 6:35 .p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ' '
Leave I In Effect I- Anlve
San Francisco. [April 'IS; 1901. f San Francinoo.
' Week" J Sun- 1 ' I Sun- I Weelc
Days. [ days). [ Degtination. [ days. [ Day3.
7:30 am| 8:00 ain! Xovato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:05 pm|10:23 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pml Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
¦ t — Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pmi Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pint '8:00* am|. and Ukiah. ( 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40'am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:C0 pm J 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:00am| Sonoma I 3:15 ami S:4D am
I and I I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 am| 110:40 am!10:2i am
3:30 pm[ 5:C0 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
. Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlngsr. at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at' Cloverdale.
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland SDrings, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport. and Bartlett
Sprirgs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upp>r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's; RlveT»ide, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Helshts; Hallvtlle. Orr's: Hot
Spring. Mendocino City, Fort Brass. West-
port. Usal. "Willlts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Sprines. Harris; Olson's. Dyer. Scotia
.and. Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duecd' rates. •
- On Sundays roond-trlD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket of flee. 630 Market: street. Chronicls
building.
H; C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Act.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sousallto Ferry. "
Commencing. April 28, 1981.
FROM- SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL- VALX25T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30. tt -,». m..
12:45.- t-.IS, 3:1V 4:15; 5:13. •6:15. 6:45 Q. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill • Valley - awl: Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays at »:S0 and 11:40 p. m. :
GUNDATS— 7:00. 8:Cft »9:0O. »ia:00, IfrOO". 0:30
». m.. 1Z:45- •1:20.. 2:30. *S:45; 5:00. «:00. 7:30
.p. m. 11:00a, m. doe» not run to San Rafael
Sundays. - - ' - • ' '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»»:25. 6:27. 7:47. S:33, 10:15
a, rt?.-*12!2S.' 1:15. 2:20. *S:25. 4:40. 5:30 PT cr.
EXTRA TRIPS' on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS- 6:15. »8:00. 5:45, 11:00 a. :• m.. •«
in.. l:C0, V.XS; •»:3», 4:30. •5:45, 5:45. 7:30. W.w
p TCi. ¦...:
Trains marked (•) start from San Querrtln.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 5:45. tziS, ¦ 7:53. S:5S. M:3i»
a. m:. 13:33. 1M3. 2:43. S:50, .5:10. 5:20 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:23 p. m. "•'". .
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:03, 11:19' a. m.. 12:li
1:20 2:30, 2:43. 5:00. «:15. 7:15. 10:39 p. m»
- THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way eta*
5:15* p,,m. Saturday3-|-Cazadero and way sta*
tIOT13. -
g-Oc a. ta. Sundays— Cazadero and way ata-
18 a. m. Sundays— Point Eeyes and way sta-
tions. ' '
1TO09IS * TO .' LET—Fnrn. nntl Unf urn.
MIXNA. 2S— Sunny furnishecl 'front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap. ' : ¦ ¦
MINNA. 66T. corner ' Elghth'-Newly furnished
bay-window room; ?1 per week; transient. .
NATOMA, ¦ 45(b-Sunny front room, suitable for
one or two gentlemen; rent cheap. ¦ .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market st.
XICBLY furnished room to rent. Apply 609
. Grove st. - ' - •
O'FARRELLit ' 20— Sunny furnished - rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week, mo.'
CTFARREL.L,. 271 <Oxford)—Furnishe<J^- front
suite and single- rooms. $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Elljs-rlncandescent- light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladlgs" par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; weeK, $2 to
*?; month, fS to $28; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. - \
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. :
SPRUCE, 422— 2 unfurnished rooms; sun all day
in both rooms; desirable location; rent reason,
able to ri$ht. party.
BTOCKTOK, S32!-2>Iice . sunny clean suites and
tingle rms.: run: water: baths; phone; cheap.
BUTTER, 320H (The Stanford) — Furn. /rooms;
suites from $3 to $7; singles ?2 to ?5; transient.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny-Elegant ' suites,
single rooms: running water; transient.
VAX NESS ave., 1100— Sunny- front single room
¦for gentleman; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'received at Call branch office. 2200 ' Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD,' ' -'--
HOTEL ,Lambourne — Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price:
1 suites and single rooms; board optional. .420
Eddy St.', near Leavenworth. " ¦ .
THE 'Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful' grounds. |
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
California. 807— Stevenson mansion; select' fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
r HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished ;'
excellent table; special rates to tourists."
VAN NESS ave., 1407— Large front alcqr'e room;
also smaller ones; sood table; reasonable. '
SPECIAL JiOTICES. .
BAD tenants -ejected for $1; collections made:
city ; or country.. PACIFIC COLLECTION
• CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; teU 5380.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated ; con-
suitation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWISG BIACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented; exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel, Black 1121:205 4th..
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented." exchanged; re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage, and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1849; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
AJVD SUPPLIE S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWrYtERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
honse in the city;. rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $G0: anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES. . :
HUTCHINSON SUGArT^lXnTATION CO —
Dividend notice — Dividend No. 95 (twelve and,
one-half cents per share) will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market st.,' on
and after. Friday. September 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books clotiC Saturday, September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock m. . H. W. THOMAS. Sec.
PROPOSALS. 7
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage, depot
quartermaster's office.- 36- New Montgomery
street. Ban Francisco, Cal.,' August 31, 1901—
- Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a. in., Tuesday,
September-17, 1901. Pacific Standard Tipie, and
then opened, .for furnishing D. B. cloth, rus-
set calfskin shoes, hat cords, 'white "muslin'
shirts, linen collars, Berlin gloves, brown cot-
ton stockings, waist belts and trumpet cords.
Quantities, to be subject to 20 per cent Increase
if desired by this department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the Sap Francisco, Boston. Chicago
and Ehlladelphla depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the articles
to be furnished bidders will carefully examine
the standard samples and specifications, so
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a full knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with, the
standards and specifications will be insisted
upon in the inspection of the goods. Unguar-
anteed bids and bida upon samples differing
' from standards and specifications will • under
' no circumstances - be entertained. Proposals
for less -quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for' delivery or inspection
at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Early deliveries are essen-
tial. Bidd«rs must state In their proposals
the rate and time of ; delivery should contract
be awarded to them. The articles advertised
,¦' fDr'are the same for which bids will be open-
ed at the other- depots. Preference will be
given , to articles of domestic production and
* manufacture, conditions of price and quality
' being equal (Including. in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given to arti-
cles of American production and manufacture
produced on. the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by. the public
- service, there.. The United States reserves the
' right to accept or reject any or all proposaU
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposals No. 7998," and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG,: Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Hay anil Oats, Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery st.. San'
Francisco, Cal., September 7. 1901.— Sealed/
proposals, in triplicate, will- be received at
this office' until 10 o'clock a m., Tuesday
September 17, 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing hay and oats. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. Bidders must state In
• their proposals the rate and time ot delivery
should contract be awarded to them, and that
no proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including ; In.
the" price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
win be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the- Pacific
Coast, to the extent of- the consumption re-
,/quired by the public service there. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
, any or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
In? proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals No.
81S8," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F
LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
. Quartermaster. ¦:. . ¦ - > :..'.-••
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAfHSTT
Birth, marriage and. ' death notices sent by
mail will not- be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the- publication " of flees and be
Indorsed with the name and residence" of per-
rons authorized to have the lame published.
BORN.
GREEN— In this city, September 7, 1901, to th-
¦wife of Edmund S. Gr^en,. a daughter.
GREMMINGER— In this city, September 14
1901, to the wife of J. C. Gremnjinser (nee
.. Mitchell), a son. ., . ¦ . ,
. MARRIED. ' "
MONTELJ^STOCKTON-In this city, Sep-
t tember 8. • 1901, at the residence of Dr. C. D
Cleveland. Fred - Bryant Montell - and Marie
Olive Stockton, both, of; San Francisco. :
~ . ; :^DIED." :¦¦;: ':"C-'r ' '¦ .;
Blagrove, Marv E. -vS Mitchell, Marion C
Borettl, Elizabeth Mockel, George C. Jr.
Clancy, Mary A.- Nelson, Dagmar I ;
• Dudy. W. Thomas ' ' Nolan. Laurence s
Durney, Isabel . O'Connor. Catherine'
'Gibbs. Harriet E. . Oliver. Willjam
Healey, Peter : • Schuster, . Frederick "
. Heavey. Christine A. Temple, Rufus
Kidd. Mrs. Phoebe ' Thompson.-: Lillie
Lonr. Ellen ' . • William, Henry
MeKenney, - Ellen .' . ..,- ¦¦:,. ..,,;.;•,.¦.
BLAGROVE— In this city, September 14,' 1901
Mary E. Blaerove, dearly beloved wife of
E. P. Blaerove.. mother of Edwin and Arthur
' Btagrove, and beloved daughter of "Ellen • and
- the late < Bartholomew Wren. ¦!¦ native of San
Francisco, aged 38 years 1 • month -and 20
days.-. .- ¦';, -..- • . v ' ' " - . -¦ , " ' .
C7Frlends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
1 fully Invited W attend the 1 funeral to-day
(Monday), -at 8:i3 o'clock, from the residence
i . of her mother, Ellen Wren. 1271 Folsom street,
- thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ,a re-
quiem mass' will be served for the repose 'or
her soul., .'Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BORETTI— In -this "city, September '¦•; 15.- 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Giovanni Borctti,
a native ¦ of Hoekweiaen, ! Germany, - ajred 47
• years 6 months and 13 days.'. , , : ''
VT Friend a j and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). ~ at j "o'clock, from h«r late'i-efl-
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAGJFia;
Train* lent* nod »r*> 4<t«> to nrrli* j»»
KAN rKASt:iN<:o.
(Mam Line. Fcot of Market 3treel>
liat« — Ffioa Jcit 1*. 1301. — juusth
¦-
7iOOa Bm!r!», Suisun. yimlra and S«cr».
meato. ....;..•.' ••»»»
T:OOa V»e»»Ul9, WlattH, Eunuej. ........ 7d3r
*>3Oa M*rauez,S»uK.'«:uoii,V»;i«jo. 2f»pa,
' CaUjtcja *ud .Hauta ltosa, «i23?
. SsOOa THria, WoodUud. Kuig£U» T.^ndiwy
MarysTllle. Orotilla.. 7:53»
»:OO* Atlantic Kxpress— OsJsu lod KaaS- 13:Mr
h:«»»A Nilea, L»tiirr»p, Stockton Zf-iZr
8:00a Jflle* Metufcta, Einfcrd, VfaalU,
Porterrllls......: 4s33»
• i»l» A Sh«ta Envoi- D«»ia, Williams (for
Butlstt bprlnss). Wlllom, lioa
Bluff. PankiMi. 7i53f
•i30a S»h Jote, Lit ennore, .Stocktmi,
lon«, HaCTtmcuto. Fliecrtllle,
MHrjiTUW. Chic... Uatl Muff...... 4i23*
»i3O» Oak dale, Chineao (Ycsemite). Ho- '
nan. Cuter*.. 4:CTr
f»:OO* Ray ward, Miles »ud W«y Statioui.. • 1««»\
VteOi. Yallejo I»i23r
¥:OOaLo3 Angeles Express — lUrtlnw,
Tracy, tuttlirop. Htoektoa. Merced
Fresno mul Lois AnsnUs 7:»3»
S B:aot V«U«i... ALartluex anil VTmf HUXkmm ?i»3r
1 0:0 Oa The Overlaml Limited— Osden, Den- •
Ter, Omaha. Chicaji ' C>»3r
f liOOp SaeiMuoitto Kirer3tt9»ni«r« fSiOOA
3tS»r Hajarstd, ,Kil«-« *u<l W%jr .Stations.. 7:53r
•4>uu r Ueuieiii. Winter*. Ismermaxnto.
WoutlUnd, liniKliU l^cdiug.
\ lUrjsTille, Oro? Mle I0j35a
4i»i»p Martinez. Hnu lUinou. Tallejo,
N»ph. «;*lht4>x». .Sivut* Uon Uias*.
4tOOr Kites; LfTermore.Stocktaa.Xodl... I*M?
4»::»t-H«jw*rtI. haii.I.«e. Ll«rmota t-HiSS*
4t3«F Port Cos a, Tracy. Lathrop, Stncktsa 1u:23a
i.OUr Tlic Owl IJiuiUxt-iTresuu, Tul»«,
¦¦" ¦ lUkenflMtl. Kaugiis for Santa il&i*
IsirSy Los Ancrles..... ............ 9:33a
I:OOr Mwtlntz, Antioch, Stockton, Her-
oed. Fresco 12i23i»
5«««»P TosemltB \i:%Zt \
5:30p New Qrlnas Exprext— Moadota,
Fiesno, Bakeraao-d. Zcs ADgelcs.
D.mtDg. El 1'uo, Sew OrMiuia
mnd East «... - 7:33a
B:«l»r Hajrward, MUesmndSati Joie 7><PV»
f«:O«r V»i]oji>. ll:23i
«>OOr OrfeuUl' JtUlX-Ogitn. Chejenno.
Oinaki. Chicago. 12:23 r
•i«Or Oriental ilaii— O e ien, DenTor.
St.Loa:«. Chicago. -i-.'-iZr
TsOOr OrtKPnauil Caitforni* i;x|<reaa,Mae.
rmueittii. Mnrymille, I'txlrilng,
l'oitlnifl. I'liget Hmiml iwl fcjut «.33a
. i.MpSia Pablo. IS.rt CoiU. Mtrtiaex
B.I..I W»y Ktatioua. ....'.. 1J««»A
l«i»3r Vtlifjo 7»5Af
COAST LINE (Narrow «««iy>).
(Foot otUarUt Street.) '¦'.*¦:
' X" i4Sa Santa Crnx Excursion to danta Crui
and rrinc^nl Way StaUcns ;S:O3»
Iil.i* Nowwk.Oiitortille.iian.Jose.Krltnn,
JIo.iMi-r Creek,. Saul* C'nii»n. I \V»y
Buttons.- SsS«»
(Zi 1 3r Stntk, Co»ter»ifl«. San .lose. New - # -
Ah:milen. Felton, l.onUler Creek,
Santa Cruz and 1'ilncipal Way
SUttoti* 101.1*4
4stAr Newark, Man Joce, IxxGatoa. ...... t8i»<>A
«4»13FGlenwoo<i.B<mld«TCre«k,S»at»Cmx «Wia»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SiS msCIiCO-f oo; of Mukst Street (SI:? 8)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*.M. 1:33 3:30 6:18r.w.
fciaeilURS— U»\ •! Utwimtj.— f«:00 ia.00 !S:0i
10:00 ».u. 12:03 2:03 t:33r.u.
COAST LINE (llroaii U*at»).
(Thlnl itiul Tow n»aml Sta.) -
1 0:IOa ban Jose and Way MLations.. ........ «i:(«a
17:00a Kan .Jonesi.i.l W»y MUUuus ls»«p
/7i«»* New AIiii»<lmi / <»10?
J?::!Oa Sunday Excnrtion for ' Saa Jcre.
Hanta Czux. Pacific Grora and
Friadpal Way Sutioaa.: J8:3O»
liOOAHau Jiim, EoUixter. Maiita t.'riii,
INeiilc tiztnt, bftlintf. tJan Lull
Obispo, Banta.. Bar ban an J Ptiii- .,
cii>al intermediate MtiUiiuii / 7>3Cr
!O:nOAS«n JcseandNV.y itaiiocg.. CiSOr
11:30a fi»,, .1,,, b k,,,1 Way Statloiw ...i.... 3>:Ju/
ta: 13? Sun Mateo, Itedwixx!, Menlo Fark,
FalA Alto, OanU data, San .lime,
HolWater, Santa f.'ruz. SaliuiM. ¦
Uuuterey u«t r'acilic i!ro»3 110:43*
StSOr Sm Jour, Tres Fiooa. SanU Cruz,
PacJSc Grove aixl Way HUUihh 4:1"?
flil«r San Joie an.I l*rincipil Uny «UtIon» Us43a
?3:oor San Jose, Los Gauw aud Principal
WayStatloua fO.OO*
StRRr Ran Joso and Priuelpal \V»y Stations M:3Sa
•iVOT Bedwo?d. Pan Jo>». GVtst. Salinaj.
Santa Barbara. Lot Acgflrt...... 1 0:03 a
n::to» Sati Jiiatuiul Way Htati.ni*. ........ f»i'»<»*
«Ul4.->r Situ Jf.st.aml Way SUttoiia ?:MtT
A (or Morning. P f iir A f ternooa.
t RiiFiday excepted. t ?*nnd«y only,
a Saturday only. e Moad»y.
« Salurdaj in 1 Sunday. / Tuetdays and FrMays.
dence, :141S Pacific street. ...Interment Laurel
: Hill Cemetery." ;" -~ . :, " ' ¦ '
CLANCY— In this* city.' September 13. 1901.
Mary Anna, beloved 'wife- of .John Clancy,
; mother of William, Michael. Frank, Henry
and Clarence. Clancy and Mrs. G.. Goldberg
'and the late Daniel Clancy, and sister of
Michael McCarthy, .a" native of County Cork.'
¦ . Ireland. .;-¦;<-¦ •* ."".•.....••.-¦.-¦.;.-,.¦ : . ¦ _ - ¦- ¦ ..
E^TThe. funeral will take place "to-dav
(Monday), at 8:30 o"clock. from her late, resi-
dence, 1004 Powell street, thence to. St. Mary's
I Church • (Paulist), where a requiem mass will
'¦ be celebrated" for the 1 repose, of her seul at 9
. o'clock.- Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend. Interment -pri-
vate, Holy Cress Cemetery, by 10:40- o' clack
train from Third and Townsend streets.' : .
DUDY— In this city, September 14, 1901. W.
: Tbomas,' beloved husband of Hester G. Dudy..
' ; ftad fatherfof William, John. Dan, . Katie and
Esther Dudy. a native of County Limerick,
1 Ireland, aged 61 Jears.
""CT Friends and acquaintances "are ¦respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from" the parlors
¦of J. C- O'Connor & Co.,' 767 Mission street,
thence ta St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will ' be celebrated- for the . re-
I pess oX-his soul." commencing' " at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery." t . "
: DURNEY— In this city, September 15, 1901. at
j St. Joseph's -Home, 'Isabel Durney. a native
: of Philadelphia. (Philadelahia papers please
copy.) ; - :; '•' ¦»•" *.."-. •¦'..¦'.¦"•¦¦ :" : •¦¦•¦•¦-'-'.
(C5"A reaulem mass will, be said at th?
j chapel of St; JosepWs'Home- at 9 o'clock, to-
s morrow (Tuesday). Interment private.''
GIBBS— Entered into rest, September 13,. 1301,
. Harriet E. Gibbs, wife of the late C." V.< S.
! Gibbs, and beloved mother of .W.' C. and
Harry T- Gibbe. Mrs. : John. Stafford and; Mrs.
: W. G. .Holcomb, aged 75 years. . ' "-¦- '
(ETFuneral and" Interment private, ¦ owing
to sieknesain family. Please omit flowers. •
HEALEY— In this city.' September . ». 1301,
! Peter, beloved husband -of., the- late Hannah
'. Healey, a native . oE County SUZo, - Ireland;
aged 73 ' years 11 , montlis ' and 3 daya.^ .-¦'¦
(C5*Friend3 and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the . funeral to-day
(MoruJay). at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3218 Army - street, - thvnce to St. Peter's
Church, where- a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose 'of his soul at fr:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HEAVEY— In .this city.' September 15, 1301. ;
Christine. A., ibeloved daughter of Anne anil ;
'the late- John Hearey, a native of Red Bluff.
Cal. : ¦ '' ; i' ¦ • .¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦:'•-';• •:
CTRemains at. the parlors of the Hen-ry J.
Gallagher Undertaking: Comr>any. 20. Fifth i
• Etre&t. Interment at' Red Bluff, Cal. : i
KIDD— In ' Saa Jose, September 13! .1801. Mre.
¦ Phoebe A. Kidd, widow of the late Captain
George W.Kidd. (Nevada City papers pleuse
copy.) - ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' - ' ¦' ¦
(C?"Funeral services at the ' Unitarian i
¦ Church, San Jose, to-morrow (Tuesday), at'i
10 o'clock." Interment Laurel Hill Cemeten'.
¦ San Francisco. " ". : . • • ¦; ¦ '
LONG— In this cfty." September 13, 1901, Ellen;
beloved wife of the late Johh Long, ¦ and
mother of Daniel W. and Nellie Long; a na-
tive o£ Ireland, aged 58 years.
McKENNEY— In this. city. September 15, 1901,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Patrick Mc-
¦ Kenney, and mother ! of William. MeKenney,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, ased 53.
years 4 months and 15 days. ¦ . .-"
dTRemains at the parlors of the L'nlted
Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
MITCHELL— In this city, ' September . 15. 1301,-
. Marion C, beloved wife of George H. Mltch-
eil. a native of Massachusetts, ag:ed 71 yeara.
ICTDue notice of funeral.: .
MOCKEL— In this city. September 14. 1901,
George C. Mockel Jr.. -beloved son ot George
C. onU Catharine .Mocker, and brother of
. Amelia and Lillie Mockel, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 1 month, and 22 daii. • \
' E3" Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
fully invited" to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o' clock; from the parlors ot
Charles J. B. Metzier, 63S: Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . ; '
NELSON— In this city, September. IS, 190L
Darmar.I. Nelson, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. P. Nelson.and sister of Hllding 12.
and Martin P. Nelson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years 6, months and 2ti days.
tyFuneral services will take place to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of
the parents, 132 Banks street; Funeral and
Interment strictly private. -
NOLAN— In Oakland. September 14, 1901, Lau-
rence Nolan, beloved brother of George Nolan
. and Sirs. Mary Donnelly, a. native of County.
Kildare, Ireland. .
zy Friends and , acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(Monday), at fl o'clock, : from his late resi-j
- dence.' 1810 Gcss, street,' thence to St; Pat- I
' rick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing -at ¦ 0:20 o'clock — Interment SU Mary's .
• Cemetery, Oakland.
O'CONNOR— In this city. September 13, 1S01,
at her residence, 1229 Taylor- street. Cather-
ine, duarly beloved wife of the late P. O'Con-'
nor, and dearly beloved- mother of Mis. j
George C." Gorham Jr,, Mrs. Fred D. Llnsley
and Evelynei O. M. O'Connor,' a native of
New York. . . ..
(T7Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), from her late' residence, 1229 Tay-
lor street, thence to St. Mary's Church, Cali-
fornia p.nd Dupont streets, for services at
¦ 10:30 o'clock. Interment private. '•
OLIVER— In this city. September 15, J301, WTl-
Ham, beloved husband of the late Mary M.
Oliver, and beloved father, of Joseph E. and
Charles. R. Oliver and Mrs. B. de Martini,, a
' native ' of- Philadelphia, aged 73 years »
months and 29 days. - ¦ • • . .
SCHUSTER— In this city, September. 14, 1901,
. Frederick Schuster, beloved Husband of the
late Marie Schuster, and father of Fred P.
Schuster and Mrs. E. P- Corbett. a native of ¦¦
Alsace, Germany, aged 7S years 7 months and
. 3 days. ..,..:.,„ • " . . .,, . ~ . > •
(C3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), " at 2 o'clock, from , the residence
of hi:-, son. ' ISO Julian avenue between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth streets, and thence by
electric funeral 'car leaving corner of Mission
and Fourteenth streets at 2:40 o'clock to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for Interment. Theiv
will be a special passenger car provided for
the accommodation of friends,
TEMPLE— In this city.- September 13. 1901,
RuCuk. beloved husband of Julia S. Temple,
and. father of James H. and George S. Tem-
ple," a native of Maine, aged Gi years S
months and 28 days.
inyFuner^l private.
THOMPSON— In -this elty, September 14, 1901,
Lillie Thompson, a native of California, ; aged
22 years. , .
WILLIAM— In this- city, September 14. 1901.
Henry W-Kliam, brother of Mrs.' J. C. Bar-
ricklow of Sacramento; Cal., a native of
Ireland, ased 70 years.
(C5* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o r clock, from : the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7«7 Mission street,
.thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
• at JO o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
"Townsend streets.- ; -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. UEuccessor to Flannagan'ft Gallagher.) "
•DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND 'EMBALIIERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite 'Lincoln School.
¦. . Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
¦ « -San Mateo. County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
. J. ¦ HENDERSON, Manager. '
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS' yeam -manager' for
the United Undertakers' Association; M
J. McBrearty. with the same. company ror
10 years;. P. F. Green, late with j. C.
O'Connor & Co..' have opened new -Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev- !
tnth and Eighth, Telephone South , 4t • :Roanbke Rye, Honey and~ ; Horehound."
Get it You'll ' not regret ¦ it" r - •• ¦•;> .< • ¦
Leonard 7- IS: ''. > Nott , r ? ex-policeman and
striking,' teamster, *• who was . arrested Sat
urday? night; on ,suspicionTof beating and
robbing non-union' teamsters,' was "booked
at the City. Prison yesterday, morning on a
charge of robbery.: }The complaining .wit
ness ; is | Luther ; Cochran; % a
teamster, Who was attacked :.by" several
men at Fourth and Harrison streets Mon
day night "and robbed of his Swatch." 'He
called at the/ prison and identified 'Nott
as one of 'the men who v beat : and' robbed
him. . "s.The police" . expect' to.^ have' other
charges of. robbery, against Nott,"; as he is
believed to have ; also attacked special of
ficers, beating them and takingtheir stars
and revolvers from them. . .•;.*.. ¦>;¦:- •;:.-' .
Ex-Policeman ; Is : Charg-ed.
; ; John Jemmett,'* a .'union ; waiter residing
at 629 Clay street^was severely, beaten by
a gang ot strikers on the • water- front' at
an early, hour yesterday "morning. « Jem
mett, was on • his ' -way ¦ to work ¦ wh*en he
was. met ".by the ..gang. '.They did' not. be
lieve > him -. when he • told them 'i the ", truth
regarding his union Tand 'busi
ness." One of the gang said he looked like
a' "scab," and °. that -was sufficient for the
remainder.*: He .was 'treated'at the Emer
gency. Hospital for a number • of ¦ contused
and, scalp' wounds. ; •
George ' Cahill,, a . sailor \ on , the ' steamer
Santa Rosa, , was set upon by five men on
Mission street at an early, hour yesterday
morning: and; beaten about the -head and
face. "While lying prostrate on the ground
he was kicked about the head and face
and: his 'pockets .were": searched . and": $23
taken j from* ; him.' .".,; ; .-. ; - .'-'-¦. • >'
Sailor Beaten and Robbed.
That ; : we make all kinds \ of { stationery,
that we have our /own ¦ printing: plant : and
turn out work . that^ challenges riyaft^';
that we have a factory. 1 that produces all'
kinds .! of • artistic :> frames X. and ¦"• moldings;
that he have the. most expert workmen; in
America ¦¦ making and flnishlng. fine gold
frames. - This is, the .secret of -our, low
prices. ,Sanborn,;Vail.& Co.; 741- Market. '•
Perhaps You : Don't ¦ Know
Michael Toomey, one of the pickets for
the Marine Firemen's Union, and Michael
Healey", a striking sailor, were last night
arrested on the water front by Sergeant
Blank and lockedtip at the Harbor station ]
on a charge Of robbery.': They are accused
by ¦ Captain J. 'F. Janes, editor . and I pub
lisher of : the City Front News; of stealing
from him a gold -watch and chain. •
: Ttie : robbery occurred in a saloon at • 13
Steuart" street. "Janes -had taken a* drink
and was talking with the proprietor when*
one ' of the- prisoners asked him for ; 10
cents.' While^ he was': getting .the money
from his pocket'' Toomey. Janes claims,'
grabbed his chain, pulled his watch out of
his pocket and snapping the chain passed
wa,tch and chain to a friend, who ran out
of the saloon. ."When Janes tried to follow
the man that had the watch : and- chain
Toomey and Healy grabbed him and held
him, .- -• - • ¦ • ",
Under Arrest.
Union Fireman Picket and Sailor
CHARGED "WTTBC ROBBERY.
Several youngsters created a sensation
on Market street' yesterday afternoon .by
racing dogs that they . had *• harnessed ; to
small wagons. The youths, -'/who . : had
American flags and'buntlng. attachedvto
the vehicles, hit -upon a j, racing' project
that caused several thousand" people -to
halt on Market street and 'watch the, re
sults. The ingenious youngsters had edu
cated their dogs, j One of them led one of
the animals half way ' from Third street
to Fourth and. then the racers were. given
their freedom.- The desire o.f the canines
to overtake the lone and . forlorn ; dog led
to the races, which attracted an immense
crowd. They; stopped traffic! and /caused
so much gambling- that the police 'ordered
them to "go way back and pit down." • .
Boys Stop Traffic.
•The delegates to the Republican local
convention chosen at the primary election
August 13 will assemble at B'nai B'rith
Hall this evening. The convention will
be called to order by Augustus Tilden
chairman of the .county committee. Im
mediately after organization the conven
tion will probably adjourn until the latter
part of next week.
Republican Convention.
It is estimated that at least 35,000 people
have witnessed 1 the play as : given i at the
Central Theater, and from , present 1 indi
cations there will be crowded houses ' for
the remainder of. the week. . .
Mr. Belasco is extremely. confident that
the play ,w^ill,be the sensation of. the year
in theatrical circles. ; His 'brother, David
Belascoi 'the famous American playwright,
is also sanguine that : Belasco * & \ Thall
have a production that will attract gen
eral attention. In a, letter received from
him he states that" the revised text,' pic-,
tures, scenery, etc., which he has received
evidence its . worth as a -great dramatic
production. He' furthermore invited; the
opinion of other leaders in, the theatrical
profession and they all advise an'immedi
ate production in New York.' It was the
Intention to continue the play • here for
several' weeks longer, as the general inter
est it has created warrants a successful
run, but upon the advice of those ac
quainted with the .situation it', has been
decided to bring the production to a close
at the Central \ Theater this . week, ¦ so as
to give It an early presentation' In New
York City. . '..• • ;-¦ ; ¦¦'.¦,:^;f:
Fred Belasco of the theatrical "firm of
Belasco & Thall will 1 leave -Wednesday
evening f or ; New . York City to complete
arrangements for ; the . production^ of the
play, "A Voice From the Wilderness," in
one of the leading "theaters' in^that city.
The scenery now being used in'; the .pro
duction at the Central Theater; wiil be
shipped to the Eastern metropolis. '*h .'
Belasco Goes East With
Central Theater
) - Success.;
50-yard race:- A. Heines first, D. Miller sec
ond.. Diving for plate— J., O'Brien first, J.
Erasmy second. 100-yafd race— T. Sunber,?
first, L. Heines second. Tub race— R Ban
first. A. Sunberg: second, C. Augustus third.
Springboard diving:— W. Carroll first. T. Surv
bergr second. High diving— A. Sunberg firs",
W. Carroll second.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
weather turned out foggy and windy, yes
terday afternoon - auite a large crowd
gathered at the park or journeyed to the
beach. There was no music in the park
out of respect to the death of President
McKinley. Several thousand people were
at the Chutes, and Sutro Baths had the
usual large attendance. Following are
the results of the swimming races:
Be suits at Sutro Baths.
; Trapper's Oi! cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co,. 406 Clay, *
Wharf Ripped Open.
Salt Sacks" Piled on > Hathaways
Owners of freight and other destructible
property along - the water front are re
doubling the vigilance • of : their watch
against vandalism. The police and watch
men stationed at the open docks and
wharves were yesterday notified to be on
the lookout for a gang of strikers who
were going up and down the water front
on mischief bent. : ."
. The watch from Meiggs wharf to the
mail dock is pretty thorough, but in spite
of all the vigilance these vandals man
aged yesterday to rip open, a large, num
ber of sacks containing salt. These sacks
are piled on Hathaways wharf, which is
open. Advantage was evidently taken of
the temporary absence of the watchman.
The actual damage done was not very
great, but the fact that the spirit of de
struction is manifesting itself is giving
those owning ; and * responsible for prop
erty along the wharves considerable Anx
iety. The memory of the destruction
wrought during the strike of seven years
ago is still fresh in the minds of the ship
ping men in this port. The acts of vandal
ism of yesterday have put them on the
alert,? and .future - attempts of the kind
will be accompanied by considerable risk
to the man or. men making the attempt..
„ The speaker,' on being ' asked by one of
the committee" if the men would not re
turn to - work ! immediately if they were
assured, that they would be accordedpro
tectlon' against personal violence,, replied
that they were in no danger of being in
jured. He, .quoted Captain Dunleavy to
prove thaUnever before in, the history of
the water front has there been less crimi
nal dlsturbence. - Furuseth added that- he
only wished that the militia might be or
dered •out,' as then It would be uncontro
vertably proved to the Employers'. Asso
ciation that the men- were- not deterred
from , returning to work - because of any
fear of violence, but that they were hold-
Ing out for the principle of unionism.
. The strikers don't require : much assistance.
If "the worst comes to the worst they can live
on a -plate of mush in , the morning , and .a
plate of; stew at night. ¦ I myself - have" lived
on that diet and worked, and I am certain
that , men - who are not working can do the
same, and not suffer. . • :. • •
" If the labor unions had assumed' the position
which the Employers' Association has assumed
In this fight they would ¦ not be tolerated for
an instant. • We tried to settle the controversy
before the strike was ¦ declared and we ¦ stand
ready to settle to-day. There Is some one . re
sponsible for the fact that property In \th4s
city is depreciating in value .and that ". Los
Angeles, is making inroads': into our com
merce. The "Board of Supervisors '¦• and the
Governor seem to think that it is ¦ the Em
ployers*'Association. ¦ .. ¦•' ¦ ' - ¦"
Of course the fact remains that the laboring
men must have food, and of course if the Em
ployers' Association only holds cut long enough
the men will be starved Into submission. It
may take six months and it may take three
months. I -cannot tell how long: it will last.
In a great' measure, the ability of the local
unions to hold out depends . on the liberality
with -which the people In the East and in
California. render, -us financial assistance. ,The
steel strike in the East is now at an end and
consequently money will be freer and the labor-
Ing men in the East will be more able to. help
the local strikers.
The strike leaders for .the most part
rested during the day. : Pickets, however,
kept "a close watch upon the malcontents
who are talking in favor of giving up the
struggle. -._• • • .;-. \ ; - . ;
Owing to the fact that there was no
quorum present the committee of one
hundred of the Municipal Federation of
Improvement Clubs appointed for the pur
pose of devising a - means of bringing
about a . settlement of the strike took no
definite action at the meeting held in the
afternoon. Andrew" Furuseth "of the City
Front "Federation was present at the
meeting and entertained the members of
the committee with a description of tha
conditions existing ; and also an explana
tion '.of . the. terms .on which the unions
were willing to return to work. Secretary
Furuseth said in part: :. V
Neither party to the labor controversy
was much concerned with plans yester
day. The employers remained away from
the offices from which their campaign is
carried out. Even along the water "front
little activity was displayed, as the neces
sity for extraordinary effort has passed.:
Committee of One Hundred.
Furuseth. Describes Conditions to the
PICKETS ALONE ACTIVE.
known men will send out some of their
good horses to the coast. The fact that
these men. intend to send some: of their
horses out here to compete in our races
goes far to insure the success of the
meeting. As time goes by the racing situ
ation on the coast naturally improves. ¦
"This is a sport-loving community, and
it is a certainty that the racing provided
by the California Jockey Club will not
only please all lovers of sport, but be
most satisfactory to them. The club will
provide the best sport posssible."
PROPERTY 'IS ; DESTROYED.
NEW YORK NEXT
FIELD OF PLAY
y» HARLES PRICE, manager of the
/jf California Jockey Club, arrived
.vL j from the East last' evening. He
predicts a very prosperous horse
; racing Etason for this country.
VI think that we will enjoy a great sea
son of racing," said Mr. Price last even
ing, "and the class of horses racing here
will be somewhat improved. From what
I understand Mr. Whitney, Mr. Feather
stone, Mr. Follansbee ¦ and other well-
Frank Nicholas, a child 2 years of age,
was seriously injured by a Fourth 'street
.electric car yesterday afternoon. Frank,
who lives at 125 Freelon street, was cross
ing Fourth to go to his home when car
757, going south, knocked him down. The
boy was taken to his home and the ambu
lance summoned from the Emergency
Hospital. Chief Steward Bucher arrived
with the ambulance and found that the
boy had sustained a severe concussion of
the skull, besides several lacerated
wounds of the head and body. He also
received internal injuries, which may
prove fatal: After the wounds N were
dressed Dr. A. T. Leonard arrived and as
sumed charge of the case. Acting on his
advice the boy was not removed to the
hospital, but will be treated at his home.
Prank Nicholas, Aged Two Years,
Receives Injuries Thai; May
Prove Fatal.
BABY SOY RUN DOWN BY
A FOURTH-STREET CAR
CHARLES F. PRICE, MANAGER OF THE NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY
CLUB, WHO HAS ARRIVED FROM THE EAST WITH PROMISES OF
A GOOD SEASON'S SPORT. : ¦
The members of the committee left last
night for their homes in the interior and
each one will endeavor to . secure such in
formation as will lead to a definite plan of
action by the convention.
Furuseth listened to the committee and
ran over at length the alleged grievances
that the laboring class suffer. He told the
visitors that there, was nothing but the
recognition of the unions that would sub
serve the purposes of the strike leaders.
Later, by appointment/Frank J.
Symmes of the Employers* 'Association
was met by the committee at the Pacific-"
Union Club. Again the whole subject of
the controversy was gone over, this time
from the employers' standpoint.-. ' ¦:
A convention of farmers will be held in
Sacramento on September 25 to discuss the
situation. While this convention is called?
ostensibly to form a co-operative plan to
market grain, the discussions are likely
to take a wide range, -and unless the strike
is ended by that date the dispositions of
the farmers are such that no further de
lay in the shipment" of grain will be, tol
erated. : :,,.¦. v,.
As a final source of power the Governor
of the State was to be asked to carry out
the plain Intent of the law, the guarantee
of protection which the State constitution
provides to all persons. This was consid
ered to be the last and most unwelcome
resort, but the convention decided that
if' all other means failed 'there was but
this resource ; left— for each man to see
that his property was protected as far as
in his power Jay the ability.
Andrew Furuseth, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of the City, Front Fed
eration, was the first one visited. - The
committee explained the unfortunate con
ditions that confronted the grain growers
of the State and endeavored to obtain an
idea of the reasons which actuated the
strike. *
When the convention at Sacramento met
and discussed the? injury done to grain
raisers throughout the State by the stand
taken by the leaders of the strike, this
committee, was charged with three impor
tant duties.' The first was to sea the op-,
posing factions and learn wherein a plan
off conciliation might be used to , end the
struggle, disastrous alike to striker, mer
chant and farmer. The Sheriff of Contra
Costa was then to be called upon and from
him ascertained what powers he could ex
ercise in the premise's.
; In accordance with a resolution adopted
at the meeting of the. farmers of Califor
nia'held In Sacramento on; Thursday .af
ternoon, a committee, consisting of James
Craig of Woodland, "William Beckman of
Sacramento and John H. Rice 'of Dixon,
came to the city yesterday and Inter
viewed the leaders of the. City Front Fed
eration and Frank' J. Symmes of. the Em
ployers' Association. '- ¦*•¦¦. j-
Marrick was 70 years of age and the
father of nine children, six of whom are
still- living. .He retired from the Methodist
ministry twenty years ago. ¦ - . ¦ .-¦
The police worked oh the case for sev
eral hours in an effort to learn if an ac
cident in which- four were believed to
have perished had occurred. At a late
hour last night the identification of the
body recovered was established. The re
mains were found to be those of Marrick.
whose son called at the Morgue arid
viewed them. There is no possibility that
the aged clerk had any companions, and
the other three bodies are thought to have
existed simply in the imagination of Ber
dahl and Peterson.
Two Morgue wagons in charge of Depu
ties Flynn and Donahue were sent to the
Cliff House and the life-saving crew from
the Golden Gate Park station worked its
way around Lands End. The deputies
and the life savers could find but one
.body. The head was wedged between two
jagged rocks. The body was nude except
for a shirt. The other three bodies alleged
t ohave been seen by Berdahl and Peter
son were not in sight. The identity of
the single victim was not known at that
time, and it was thought that a mystery
had yet to be unraveled and that the sea
still held three of its dead.
About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Frank Berdahl of 16S7 Folsom street and
Charles Peterson of 5^ Sumner street
rushed to the Cliff House and said they
had seen four corpses floating among the
rocks at -Lands End. Two of the bodies,
they said, were of women; the others of
men. The informers were taking pictures
at the time they made their alleged dis
covery, and claimed that they could not
be mistaken as to the number of dead.
Both averred that they had stood for
some time watching the bodies pitch and
toss in the surf before they hastened
away to inform the officials..- .¦'-
Richard Marrick, an aged ex-Methodist
minister, who /was* employed as a clerk in
the Methodist Book Concern, at 1037 Mar
ket street, committed suicide Saturday by
drowning himsslf near Lands .End. He
had received notice that his services
would be no jonger required by his em
ployers after the first day of next month,
and the fear of starvation for himself and
family .drove him to despondency. The
recovery of the body from where it had
been tossed by the sea was followed by an
investigation on the part of both police
and Morgue authorities, it being believed
that Marrick was but one of a party of
four that had perished in the sea. . 1
Interviews With the Leaders
to Be Followed by
Report./!
Two Men Imagine They See
Four Bodies Tossing
on Waves.
Thoughts of Starvation
Drive Ex-Minister \ ¦
to Suicide.
Committee Seeks Means
to Get Grain Aboard 1 j.
j. Ships.
FARMERS VISIT
STRIKE CENTER
DIES IN OCEAN
AT LANDS END
THB-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1901.
NOTED MEN WILL RAGE HORSES
0N CALIFORNIA CLUB TRACKS
Charles -Price; Arrives From the; East and Says
William- C^WM^
Send Great' ThorougHbrecls to the Goast
12
McCOY & PITTS
3-DAY SPECIAL SA1ES FOR CASH.
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
juGAR "'isasaS 22 its $i.oo
Special for Monday only. , '
BUTTER F * n^± oldt per square 40c
" Money can't buy better, j Regr. SOc.'
SOAP B.bbitf. Best Soap 6 [qJ 25C
SOAP Re^^-sc Special 5 for 25c
SOAP Special 20c
FLOUR £perry^ t 6 ed d w teand per sack 85c
COFFEE Moc^ d R K lend< per lb 25c
A great trade winner. Reg. 35c.
WHISKEY JF%«i per bat 65c
Needs no recommendation. ' Reg:. 90c.
WHISKEY s^on^e. per bol 9Dc
Bottled at distillery. Reg". Jl 25.
Port or Sherry Wine u^ te T at d ed . qt bet 25c
6 years old and worth 50c.
EGGS *ai£f per doz 25c
"tt e receive them direct. Reg. ' 33c
EUITER ?sS>.fi~5 per lb 2cc
SCOTCH OATS w.Hd R S ncwn ed . 3 pfcgs 25c
Cooks quick. Reg. 2 for 25c.
Kew Yori CoBdensed Mi& 3 cans 20c
Our goods are ell guaranteed, if any .
dissatisfaction money -will be cheerfully re-
funded. TVe will save you money on your
purchases. .
3002-3004 SixteentFst., Cor. Mission.
AH car lines lead to McCoy & Xesbitt's T<»1
Miislon 238.
Walter de .while .punting a foot-
6all at the Presidio yesterday, had his col-
larbone broken, j De Marae, 'who lives at
B54 Hayes street, had his Injured bone set
at the Emergency Hospftal by Dr. Mal-
aby. after which he went to his home.
Broke His C5oll-irbone.
MONDAY SPEClM
WOMEN' S " PERCALE WRAPPERS.
nounced bottom, > j n dark colors, pretty
-effects, made ; with rilffles over shoulders,
. trimmed with braids; regular £* Ckr' '
price $L- On- sale. ;.;.........;-.. t3c/C
SILK WAISTS^
A new lot of WOMEN'S TAFFETA SILK
WAISTS, best quality, silk, latest effects,
. entire/ front, : back -and ! sleeves tucked:
v. well .; worth ' J5.50. Our CO fle
v price ......... ".;.............. tpOoDO
QQ/> For WOMEN* S GERMAN FLAN-
"O^ NEL. .WAISTS. ; newest . coloring.
- lined throughout ; ¦ you pay, Jl 50 . for same
''-.-, elsewhere. . -: . ¦ .....-¦,¦> '¦ . - •- •, ' -
QQ>» -For '- WOMEN'S .. MUSLIN = TJM-
*OV BRELLA DRAWERS, neatly hem-
: . stitched ;,- our, 40c 'quality..'
Kft/> For choice 'of what we have left
CFVf^ of those 91.OO and $1.5O CHAM-
m BRAT. WAISTS, all colors, sizes 34 to 42..
A O /- ' WOMEN' S GERMA N FLANNEL.
**OV* UNDERSKIRTS, solid colors, deep
• **flounce;soldelsewhere at ToC- ".
HOSIERY^SPECIAL.
To-day we'il'sell 50 dozen, HERMSDORFP
.vWHITEFOOT HOSE, our regu- UOr-"'
- lar 35c quality, for.'. . . . . . ......... lUv
Three ' pairs ; to ; each 'customer!
CHILDliEp COATS.
Our CHILDREN'S ' COAT DEPARTMENT
: is>'now complete. '*., To-day we- will, offer
' ¦ ¦ some big Inducements in Children's and
Misses' Automobile Coats and Jackets;'
i : regular ;;?3.00 :• quality.' To-' <t fl 7HL
OVERSKIRTS, v :
<J»O ft fl FOR ' WOMEN'S SERGE
,€j)-^»V "^ DRESS SKIRTS. in -navy,
j blue and, black ;,;reEular $3.50 value..,: ; .,
J0Q r WOMEN'SiFLAN N E L E TTE.
A)i7 W' WRAPPERS, good \, quality, sizes
!-; . 32 to 44; sold elsewhere %\.\* ¦-¦ • ' : '¦
.; WE CLOSE AT* 6 O'CLOCK. .
1212^1214 MARKET ST.
: ..-. ,•". ...: Bet. Taylor and Joiis.
&H*?ruFF"* r FFICE, San Francisco.
¦ ¦ Mr. George Mayerle
•T^W>EL\\W//H^RK 1071'. j Market St.— Sir:
- - s v vrnTifrW ' "' Replying to your favor
s^Qfc3iRt?3gPfcv> of the 7th inst., I de-
tSS^ir^TSSs?^ slre t0 s& y that the
v/^\^-rf f M^^"^rJ^' glasses you made for
• me are giving: entire
3tKjZjSferf!Jl~ satisf action both as to
frame and lens, and I
v^5w/i!itV\WJv> Pleasure and comfort
'Sf'/'VVW:^ in wearing them.
Yours truly, ,
SIG. SIMON'.
Mayer.e's Glasses Strengthen the Eye and B ain.
GERMAN EYEWATER. 5Oc.
OEORGE MATERLE, German Expert Optician
1071% Market street, San Francisco.
Cut This Out.
I TO DECORATORS. I
LARGE STOCK OF BLACK I
GOODS for Draping, Etc. 1
©34 MISSION ST. W
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists Mailed
* on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1852). 409 Market St.; uoon in-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COtiti AS t l»ia IHQX.
J f WFI QftW * frt * S 00 Battery Street.
4' t- V iLjlin Ck V/Um Telephone Main 1S6J.
FRESH A?JD SALT MEATS.
JA5 FflVFS/trfl Shipping Bnichera. 104
JA3* JjUICia WJ- clay. Tel. Main 1284.
" ~ OILS. .-.._..
LCBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front at.. 6. F. Phone Main 1713.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
: TICK, 23 Spear rt.. S. F. Tel. Main E320.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Jf RftMATNT «« GOLDEN" GATE AVE.
• W flUfflAlflC. Telephone Howard 1915.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
fell* Ladies* ar.d Children's Hose 6c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 35c; Men's Fine Dress
Shirts, worth <!. for 40c at 105 Fifth street.
HklNTINQ. ~~~^J',"
EC HfTfiHF? - ' printer.
V/- ilUmiCJ. 611 Sansomc st.. S. F.
. PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THr HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦ 21 First street. \ San Francisco.
GOLDBERG. BOWER * CO'S SPECIAL »AVH*8 SALS
BDWEN -
XCO
Honday. Tuesday .Wednesday
But t e r
Fancy creamery— , / J74c
reg'ly 45c square !
N e w t e a s
. Our regular 5oclb quality—" aqc
10 kinds t" ¦
C re scent coffee
A first class blend of pure coffee — ?nr
reg'ly 25c lb I? "h
T o m a to catsup
Made in New York — bottled here- j rn
reg'ly 2ocbottle " A
Cor n sue co task
Sea Foam— highest grade '2 for 25c
reg'ly 15c can dozen $140
S a r d i n e s
Imported— boneless— large - r__ . •>_
cans— reg'ly 25c ; 2I or45C
It a 1 ia n prunes
Rich— tart^wholesome — « il._ _ - -
reg'ly ioc lb , 3 lbs 25c
Pin money pickles
Most delicious sweet pickle .
made— reg'ly ' % pints 25c— 2OC-3OC
pints 40c
S t u f fed olives
Spanish olives with pep- b ntti • ioe
pers-justin-trythem DKU '- OC .
M o 1 a s s e s /
New Orleans— good quality r - _
reg'ly 75c gallon can 55 C
G 1 ace f r u i t s
Best French quality —
including pine-apple fritters— 4 OC
reg'ly here 50c Id
New' figs x-
California— white > ;ro T^lr
Adriatic— 1 lb package i! " 1 *t*
; ; W lli sky
G B & Co OK bourbon—, 3 bots - $2
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4. gallon gajlbn 3
Mountain rie sling
\ Rich— fruity flavor-^
1000 pint bottles— doz $1 50
;¦'» Allowance for empty. ,, >,
bottles returned 30c dozen gallon 6 Cc'
, reg'ly $1 gallon f^x.^- -
Cocktail s.
> Imperia!-^ kinds— ready to use rtnc
reg'ly $125 bottle , ..:. V ou
Toilet am mo ni a
: World-brand— best quality— • 2OC
vio!et-lavender-reg'Iy.25c bottle ;
Fa c e p o w d e r
Roger & Gallet— 3 colors— 1 *~ ±nr
• assorted odors— reg'ly 50c box t"
.Pa i 1 s
Indurated fibre— I , . -»or
reg'ly 40c : T 3 OC
453 Pins 232 Suiter zSoa California San Frtnserca
Thlrteetsth and Clay. streets Oakland
Nigh t 1 i g h t s...
Popes head— 96 lights
in box— burn 8 hours 3 boxes ICC
reg'ly 2 for 25c . :
FLAmmARION
[OPERA AND RACE
I GLASSES. ]
Made under the supervision of the cele-
brated astronomer. \ v
Qaiek Biptiring. Fietorj n pnalMl.
Phone Main 1O.
OPTICIANS^^^A^T^
-.642 Market 5t. iMSTRUMtNts
: uhdcr CMBOMicti BUH.DIM&. CATALOGUE FRCC-
\M. T. HESS,
NOTAKT PBBLIO AND ATTORlfXT-AT-LAV.
Tenth. Floor. Room 1015. JClaua Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California st. below Powell.
' ' Residence Telephona James 1501. •. "-• . ¦.
MARKET SLsFS&S*
Oirr n f\\l I I c °">er Fonrth «nd
rnLuUllVni « arket - s - *•• Try
l.ilrr TllllUl our Special Brew..
Unit ljUlnU- St """ «d Laser.
¦ . oc. Overcoats and
-' - ¦ ' -- ¦ , valtoes checked free.
Weafc Men and "Womenv
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great ' Mexican - remedy, gtv-s health a»|L,
ctreagth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 "Marked 7!
Weekly CaIl,$1.00 per Year
gOLPBKtB. BOWCT * CO'S SPECIAL SATINS SALJ
c: ¦-..: ....... - - ¦ . ;
We will display on MONDAY, September
16th, an attractive collection of NOVELTY
SILKS and all the new weaves and color-
ings in DRESS GOODS
FOR FALL, 1901^1
DRESiS FABRICS.
Silk anfl Wool Grepe.de Paris, CpeDePoDe-
. line, Gloria Crepes/ Silk and Wool Sub-
lime, Voile, €reDe de Cbene, Satin Vene-
tians, Unfinished Worsteds, Zilelines,
Crepe Albatross, Pebble CbeviotSj Pru-
nellas and all the new" shades in French"
: : Henriettas.
CII ISC
New Persian Taffetas with satin stripes,
# medium dark colorings) two-toned extra
heavu Fancu Armuresj White Ground
Duchesse Satin in Dresden warp print
effects^ White ground Taffetas with col-
ored satin stripe and Dresden warp print
effects} Roman Stripe Taffetas in Red,
Blue, Black, Pink and White Grounds?
also the best makes of Black and Colored
Taffeta Silks, ioth imported and domestic,
cnnriAi '
We have just receiied from FRANCE a
veru large shipment of B^ttenberg Scarfs,
Sdiiares, Shams, Center Pieces and Tidiesi
also from GERM ANYone case Hemstitched
Linen Goods in Doulies, Napk^ Tea
Cloths, Scarfs and iSauares, which will
be on exhibition in- our show windows
Monday ami Tuesday of this week,
«I. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
TbSeeorlVear
is to a<Imir^ the Gibson
Shirt.Its making is simply
skilled: labor but it^stvle
is a. enr-ation of art.MTicn
in addition .to the beauty
of the gzirment, one con:
siders the perfection
of its fit and the excel-
lence of its texture, it
is easy to understand
its popularity: /
J.X. ©Sfoson
his shirt your bosom friend I
1204 Maur^tetStJ
open until a o'clock]
A:Made-to-Order \M
in best domes- 1/ / \ J" < \
i tic or foreign 7_/ 1 L I '\
weave, for *§TW I • L41
. business, dress V n "/
or any other pur- \ \
pose; made to 11 ¦ V— r-1
, hold its shape un- V 1.
til the last and to - \ 1 '
wear until you're ' \ 1 <
tired of it. \ \ \
One Dollar * V mr
a Week, i^p
128-132 EllisStjqF |p
A Book T
of Travel I
•WTittea. ¦ on the pages of H
: your life by the losing R^
, ..hand of memory— the . trip wR
from San Prancisco to Chi- j
: cago on the I
California I
Liimitsci I
Leaves San Francisco 9 I
, a. m. Monday and Thurs- !
; day, arrives In Chicago i
'¦ 2:15 p. m. Thursday and 1
; Sunday. Th« service is I
unexcelled. It's on the 1
Santa Fe I
| but call and see our wall paper. It is for the purpose of mak- 1
| ing you realize that we sell wall paper as cheaply as any. one; • ¦
I . that our textures are the best, our designs the prettiest and our S
I stock the largest and most varied in San' Francisco— it is for - 1
this purpose we are conducting a SPECIAL SALE and • sell- • |j
r 4 ing TTXTE WALL PAPKB AT COST. If you need either /a < I
little bit or a great deal of wall paper you should not missthis ¦•
ADVERTISEMENTS.