PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MOOT^
THIRD NATIONAL SHOOTING FESTIVAL OPENS
AUSPICIOUSLY WITH A PARADE OF SCHUETZEN
CLUBS AND IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY AT RANGES
MADE WELCpriE
TO THE FEAST
President KuMs Delivers Opening
Speech, of the Bundesfest in
the Pavilion.
President Kuhls, accompanied by his
aids and the vice presidents, mounted the
platform and addressed the people thick
ly packed on the pavilion floor. Follow
ing is his speech in full:
Brother Scbuetzen: It was to have been
my pleasure to welcome to-day the king
of shooters, whose unerring hand has
wielded the royal scepter for the past three
years, but I am sorry to state that Mr.
Hayes is too 111 to attend this ceremony. - I
bid ycu welcome, brave riflemen, . true and
good women and lovely maidens! Welcome,
heroes, defenders of your country, veterans
of tbe German army, and gallant and brave
warrior* of the Army and Navy Union!
"Welcome, all you pilgrims from across tha
continent and from beyond the sea, from
every State and section of this great and
mighty nation, who have assembled here,
upon these distant shores, of the Pacific,
to witness the friendly contests among
America's truest and best j sons. It Is my
proud privilege to bid you all a most cor
dial welcome to-day on behalf of the Na
tional Shooting: Bund of the United State*
and on behalf of all the people of Cali
fornia.
I feel proud. Indeed. In tb» consciousness
that the privilege Is ours to •welcome ' you
here- as our guests on this auspicious occa
sion, all of you who have come to contribute
by your presence, by your participation, to
add luster to this splendid . celebration. . It
havoc with the shooter. When he goes
into the range he leaves the outside
world behind him. He is as earnest and
as intent upon his work as any birddog
in the field. When he has blazed away
his allotted cartridges he forgets the
game and the struggle. -and then becomes
ftne of the merry makers to .whom" -the
Bundesfest Is a big and prolonged picnics,
nlc.
Away from the ranges and scattered
aoout the park were thousands whose in
terest was not bound up in the shooting.
For them the dance pavilion and the
open-air concert were of far more mo
ment than the best of scores and shooting
that brings as a reward handsome prizes
in gold and silver. Men and women, old
and young, made the most of the holiday.
The park, dressed in bright colors and
beautifully decorated, was a splendid set
ting for the merriment and the jollity of
a crowd bent on pleasure. The booths
rang with the German songs and toasts
from noon. till long after the sun had set
and the ball of the evening was in full
swing. On every side was the sound of
voices raised in gayety and the enjoy
ment of the hour.
After the long morning march along
the principal streets of the city the
Schuetzen companies embarked on the
ferry boat Oakland. The trip across the
bay was one of band music and song.
Every national German air was treated
¦with the greatest fairness. Not one of
them was slighted. Such good spirit pre
vailed that when the Oakland mole was
reached the organized companies left the
boat, still engaged in voicing their patri
otic sentiments in throatal melody. From
the mole to the park the trip was a bit
more subdued in tone. The pangs of hun
ger were beginning to gnaw at stomach
linings, for the march had been a long
and an early one. Silently the Schuetzen
marched from the train to • the pavilion
in the grounds and there - lined . the floor
In anticipation of the speech of President
Kuhls, the formal opening of the - day
festival.
or sustain reputations. And this shoot
ing Is a serious thing with the German
rifleman at a National Bundesfest.
Nerve and a carefully trained eye and
a steady hand are required and the least
•anoyaasA j?n-, the, gart, of outsider! pl«i»
At the "Ranges.
At th© ranges the noise was of the
popping kind. Men walked about with
stern looks on their faces. They were
there to shoot, to win prizes and to build
The routine was carried out to a dot.
But more than that, the real German
spirit, always found in exuberance on
such occasions, bolstered the regular or
der of business over any possible quag
mire of monotony. Every participant In
the opening of the fest seemed to bubble
over with enthusiasm. On the line of
march, on the boat or at the ranges It was
just the same— song, dance or social hilar
ity. The spirit of fraternity ruled.
And there was business transacted, too.
Between times these . ardent, earnest
* Schuetzen fought out their battles at the
ranges. For this some of them crossed a
continent, and with Itching palms they fell
to work in the ehooting ranges soon after
arriving at Shell Mound Park. There the
peppering, incessant fire was a sure
enough Indication that something big In
rifle competition was going on. The very
air sputtered with the sharp explosions of
the guns and the din and ratfy of the fire
ruled In high handed fashion. Now and
then a shout would go up when some skill
ful marksman had accomplished a feat of
arms more than ordinarily effective. It
did not take long for a fine score to Im
press itself upon the crowd. When the
markers swung their flags 200 yards away,
indicating a high figure on the targets, the
ppectators on the elevation back of the
ranges would cheer lustily and long. The
honored shooter, appreciative of the ap
plause, would then do the proper thing,
and with moistened throat and a toast or
two on his lips, would return to the ranges
once more, fortified In heart and spirit
and seemingly better equipped for more
earnest effort.
Enthusiasm, of Participants.
ceremony of a great national Bnndes fes
tival. The 14th of July. 1901. will find an
Indelible resting place in the minds of resi
dent Germans. It was no Bastlle celebra
tion for them, although by a. chronological
coincidence the opening of the third na
tional shooting festival and the national
French holiday fell upon the same day. It
v.-as something Teutonic in every particu
lar.
Varied in feature and successful in ex
ecution was the opening of the third na
tional Bundesfest. A procession in this
city that was larger and more instinctive
ly idiosyncratic than anything of its kind
•we have ever seen here, a ride across the
bay on a special boat, the formal cere
monies of the opening at Shell Mound
Park and the shooting contests at the
ranges, with the distribution of prizes
when the scores were compiled, all found
their consecutive places on the pro
gramme of the first day of the festival.
Not a hitch or a loop was found any
where. All ran according to schedule.
t-moothly. quickly and with a sureness
that betokens the complete success of this
The first Calif or nian effort and the third
of Its kind in America. There was color
ar.d life to the whole of it. Perfectly ar
ranged, every detail planned In advance
and no mishaps, the inauguration of a
week's festivities has set a mark for fu
ture bundes celebrations.
gon«?ry street, ready for a IT^c^?} 00^^
contest at the ranges "and v the general
FRESH and eager for the day, sev
erai thousand Schuetzen arose
with the sun yesterday morning,
donned their fraternal uniforms
and sharp upon the appointed
hour fell In line on New Mont-
SUCCESSFUL BEGINNING
OF THE BUNDES FESTIVAL
Opening Scenes at Shell Mound Park
During the First Day's Shooting of
the National Organization of Riflemen
•^* yINB o'clock was the appointed
n^ T hour for the grand parade of the
I National Schuetzen Bund yester-
J .^j day morning,- and without the
¦A. *; -waste of a moment's time Grand
Marshal Wieneke swung his pro
ce,?flon of;: schuetzen -companies
at the -corner, of Market land -New Mont
gomery streets. There was no confusion
or undue excitement. The plans had been
carefully laid and all arrangements per
fected in advance, so when the signal lor
the start was given the procession moved
as if It were a well regulated machine.
Up Market street the silken sashed and
gayly capped societies of .' shooters
marched to the stirring music of many
bands. In numbers and appearance It was
a procession that compared favorably
with . the best civilian parades ever seen
in this city. All along the line of march
the crowds edged the sidewalks, and ap
plauded from time to . time as society
after society passed In review. Every lo
cal German club, uniformed or In civilian
dress, distinguished by sash or headgear,
made -a part of 'the procession. Then there
were the Eastern organizations, all head
ed with well ordered local bands.
Not much attempt was made at the
spectacular. There 'was a strong, striking
simplicity about this procession, and some
very interesting and noteworthy features.'
It was dignified, without the presence of
absurdities in the way of floats or sym
bolic displays.
Along Market Street.
• Proceeding at a steady pace up Market
street, the parade countermarched around
the Lick monument and then down Mar
ket to Kearny street. Then, moving 1 north
ward the next turn was made down Cali
fornia street to Montgomery. - Reaching
Market street on this turn the procession
arrived at the ferry In ample time for the'
11:15 boat for Shell Mound. -.
• In all the' parade nothing attracted more
attention than the mounted men of the
Hannoveraner Vereln. A white •. horse
rampant adorned the coat-of-arms of the
Kingdom of Hannover, and this fact gave
significance to the mounts of this, verein,
their horses all white, though not exactly,
rampant. In fact, they were mostly very
fat and sleek and seldom has so comfort
able a looking organization taken part to
a San Francisco, parade" as these* portly
men of Hannover and - their well-fed
horses.
The Schwaben Vereln tent more bright
ness of color to. the parade and- to. the
multitude in Shell Mound Park than did
any other organization.* This society had
its men and a number of girls attired In
the old costume of ? Wurtemberg, . and
nothing in the day's celebration lent so
much of olden time and old country gala
day appearance as did the \ drea? of . the
Schwabians.
Court Hubertus, the German lodge of
the Order of Foresters, was gay In for
esters' hats with a green band bearing
quarters in tents arranged about the cir
cular track where athletic games are 'held
on other occasions. In the center of this
.circular field. Is the "Gaben Tempel,"
where the prlaes offered are exhibited.
This handsome little edifice and; Its pre
cious contents - were the cynosure "_ of all
eyes yesterday.
Among the clubs whose j headquarters
were ' crowded with guests were the San
Francisco _ Schuetxen - Vereln, Vereln Eln
tractit;: Germania SchuetBen Club, Nord
deutscher Vereln and the Helvetia Schuet
zen- Club of .Sacramento, Th© Nord
deutscher Verein ; headquarters was : the
scene -.of much merry-making. Many of
theVcraek shots from \ the East* were s en
tertained -there, and " champagne . corks
/were kept a-popping, _^^
While the cIuds were hastening to their #
assigned plac«3 of rendezvous, to await
the start of the parade, a ceremony oS
much significance occurred in the court
of the Palace Hotel, A guard of honor
from the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln
was drawn up, with Captain F, A. Kuhls
in command. Captain Herman Weber of
the Independent New York Schuetzen ad
vanced, holding in his hand the staff of
the flag of the National Schuetzen Bund,
of which his club has been custodian since
the last Bundesfest. ¦ He surrendered the
banner Into the hands of Captain Kuhls
with an appropriate charge. Captain
Kuhls accepted the trust and placed tha
banner In the hands of a stalwart stand
ard-bearer. By him it was carried at tha
head of the" parade.
Ferris Hartman, M Doc" Leahy, ant! a
numbeT of other choic» spirits marched
In the rear ranks of one of the last divi
sions, and looked as German, almost as
the dachshund that a red-faced, blond-*
mustached man led by a string, or even
as th© Hannover mounted brass band tha*
led the phalanx of Hannoveraner Verein,
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 301.
Regular and Volunteer Army and Navjr
Union. -was one of the few organizations
outside of shooting clubs that participated
In the parade. It was In charge of lta
commander. George W. Chaplin, and pre
sented an excellent front.
; Fritz Hagemann was out in all the glory
of his ¦ Schuetzen • king . trophies, won on
the - twenty-fifth - anniversary of the Saa,
Francisco Schuetzen .Verein. His having:
carried off the honors on that anniversary
entitles him to be called Schuetzen Kaiser
instead of plain Schuetzen Koenlg.
"Schuetzen Kaiser."
The Schuetzenfest must certainly- be
highly successful from start to finish, for
never did "Schuetzen . Llesel" carry, out
her part as mascot of the festival with
more : spirit and cleverness than Hiss
Catherine Kr leg exhibited. She wore the
, old-German shooting festival costume, re
sembling the Tyrolese costume as to bod-
Ice and skirt. " '". Her hat \ was a Jaunty,
turban-like effect cocked- upon the side
of her head, and. with a' target marked
upon its top. The Schuetzen Llesel car
ried a silver goblet* in one hand, lifting
It on high often in response to the cheers
of the throngs along the line of march.
-A. miniature wine cask with silver hoop.**
was slung by a strap across her shoulder.
The' Schuetzen Llesel 'marched close to
the head of the parade, all the way up
Market' street and back and out Kearcy
.and back on Montgomery street and down
to the ferry, and could have marched miles
further.: On the special boat she was: the
center . of , a . good-natured, bantering
crowd of sharpshooters, and- throughout
the day 'the Schuetzen, Ldesel was an Im
portant feature of the celebration.
Another banner that waved proudly In
the parade was the championship' banner
of the centennial exhibition shooting tour
nament, won by the team of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club.
I the name of the court. Tha German IPor
esters, an independent organization, wera
led by a lusty young fellow dressed In the
picturesque forester's dress of the six
teenth century. "
V-. .;. ; .Helvetia Elfle Club.
A little American flag floating abovafhe
carriage In which j Captain Frank Euh
stallcr of the Helvetia Rifle Club of Sac
ramento rode attracted comment and ap
plause all along- the line of march. It
was the fla? that Captain Ruhstaller car
ried with him back to the International
Schuetzenfest at Dresden and to Zurich,
at both of which places he took rank
among 1 the world's greatest riflemen, ex
celling particularly in rapld-fira shooting.
Schuetzen Societies in Processional Form
March to the Music of' Many Bands.
Some Striking Scenes Along the Line
PARADE USHERS IN
DAY CELEB RATION
-^ : jOontinuedjon_Page Two.'j^
Chico Marksmen Win. Trophy.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— The Northern
California blue rock shooting, tournament
which opened here , yesterday was ¦• con
cluded" to-day. ¦ Eighty ¦ men were oh
shooting line. The Chlco team .won *the
Northern" California trophy by a score of
81 out. of a possible 90. Tha Washington
Club team made 77, Sacramento Gun Club
77, Willows Club .71, : Capital City; Club 69,
Dlion Club 69. Johnson of Chlco also won
the gilt-edge 'trophy ior ' to-day's • highest
average, which was 96 2-3, : per, cent. ; .;
SHELL . MQUND | PARK - was
| ablaze with color last night: »- At
\ the conclusion of the day's shqot-
| lngithe marksmen arid picnickers
. I gathered \ about ; the temple of
'. prizes. v Those', who won- medals
during the. ; day . received ! them
from » the \ hands . ; of the \ president of the'
bundea. ' .This . ceremony . completed. : the
crowd scattered i through .the grounds, j;.
Shell Mound .at. night, since^ the Incan
descent / decorations; were^ Installed,"; ls^ a]
glowing* light "palace.'* Studded Vwitb>'elec-"
tric \ lights -and; hung; with j lanterns', [ the
park is like a fairy, scene on the stage.;: :
, A ( ' fireworks •' display^ and ,v> a ! ,' blograph ';
show were; the ; features {of /the (evening's'
programme, 'i- Not j untir 11 • o'clock 'did t the
crowd ¦; move". homeward ,;. and y theh'.they
out ; as If loth; to/. leaved;. During
the " festival'; night " celebrations -will t be' a
featured V Dancing, open; air •concerts
I are on the programme,' •-; . ;.:; •'•/••;,
REVELRf ' : '
¦By; night
Shell Mound Is Made a Fairy
Scene by! Myriads : of ; In
candesce nits'" aricVFireworks
SCENES OF" THE: FIRST DAY:
AT THE RIFI*E- RANGES AT '
SHELL. MOUND. • \
FRANK DITTLING of the .Hel
vetia Rifle Club of Sacramento
scored the honor, of making the
first bullseye of the Third Na
tional Bundesfest. It was less
than fifteen minutes after the
shooting began when he fired the shot
that hit the bullseye. A great shout
arose, and the proud marksman. was the
recipient of many congratulations. ¦ ..'. :
Few of the crack shots, East or. West,
participated In ,the shooting yesterday.
These men for the most part preferred to
wait until conditions were better for top
notch shooting.
August Hohman of the Norddeutscher
Vereln was the first to shoot at the
honor target. His score was 65.
j The absence of the shooting king, Wil
liam Hayes of Newark, who was too ill
to participate in the opening exercises,
was a cause of much regret.
Coliamarini and Russo, the opera favor
ites, were at the park arid were toa3ted
wherever they appeared along the ; line
of club and singing section booths. Russo
is disconsolate. His exquisite rifle, with
which it is alleged he made scores of 23,
24 and 24 In three practice .shots at the
hono, target last week, is sadly disfigured
and is In the shop for repairs. Russo
says he let it fall' from a, window. .;¦....¦_."¦. . ,--
Fred Bushnell was on the platform. in
the pavilion at the close of President
Kuhl's speech, to which he had listened
open-mouthed with his hat held ; behind
him. Then some . one proposed : < three
cheers for something or other and Bush
nell waved his hat In the air. and show
ered everybody on the platform with con
fetti, until the occasion seemed aMardl-
Gras festivity or a Chinese funeral. Some
one behind Bushnell had. surreptitiously
filled his hat with the torn paper.
Russo's Pet Rifle in Shop
for Repairs and He Says
It Fell From a Window
INCIDENTS
OF THE DAY
• < ROM the time the clubs in the
E parade broke ranks and the men
B A crowded about the ferry-boat
¦ -'-' .Oakland and mingled with the
JL ' men of other societies the day's
' ' good ' fellowship began.. Every
San Franciscan in particular made it his
business to ¦ extend hospitality to the
guests from the other edge of the^ conti
nent,.and such a Jolly, jostling, cheering
crowd has seldom been seen about the old
steamer in all its long life on the bay.
And yet there was a dignity . in keeping
with the. national' character of the festi
val," and kings and presidents and cap
tains did not forget the importance . of
their positions nor cease to be as "impos
ing , figures as giant frames, waving
plumes, ; / bright sashes and ! glittering
swords could combine to make.
' "When Shell Mound Park was reached
and the exercises in the^ pavilion had been
concluded the congested crowd about the
pavilion began to debouch through- the
lanes and -walks' and among the arbors
and booths of the park, and everywhere
the scene became one of gayety. Lunch
was the. first consideration , with most, as
it^was after 12 o'clock when the two spe
cial; trains that connected with the Oak
land reached the . park. Many of the
shooting clubs had special banquets at 12
o'clock , for .; members and Invited guests.
The singing sections also entertained in
that | manner \ and many smaller parties
enjoyed sumptuous basket lunches. The
concessionaires had • arranged jj long rows
of; small , tables under i the trees near the
regular ;'. restaurants and hundreds were
served at 'these tables, the balmy air and
pleasant breeze being an important factor
in their enjoyment of the picnic lunch.
' Dancing began in the pavilion early,'re
gardless of anticipation of the grand ball
at' night. ¦ The music was stirring and the
young men and girls and many who were
young; In Germany thirty years ago en
tered Into the pleasures of the dance with
a'whole-heartedness "¦ that was unmlstak
'able." 1- ,:¦ "J ">' :'''---^ '.'•.¦'¦¦ .'*' ¦ . '¦',
.The. music was a' feature of the opening
day, although ' not ' designed especially to
be so, 1 since next -Sunday,, when the sing-
Ing sections will unite in a grand concert,
will far eclipse yesterday for, music. Yet
there was much music,* and good music.:
'it The 'various shooting • clubs' have ihead-'
San Franciscans Active in
Extending Hospitality to
Their Giiests From East
MERRY MEN
AND MAIDS
VOLUME XC— NO. 45.
The San Francisco CallShooting on the Honorary Target by a Few
of the Enthusiasts and Some Good
Scores Are Registered to Their Credit
Continued From Page One.
Tork; T. W. Belknap, Shooting Section
Turn Vereln Germania, Los Angeles.
SUCCESSFUL BEGINNING OFFESTIVAL
RIFLES RING IN THE BUNDESFEST COMPETITION
MONDAY'S
PROGRAMME
Reception in the Morn
ing and a Band Con
cert in the Afternoon
THIS will b» official reception day
at the Bundesfest, and the visit
ing sharpshooters will be formally
received by the president and offi
cers of the National Schuetzen
Bund at their headauarte-rs. The
• , reception ¦" will begin at 10 o'clock
; this mornlnsr.
> The shootinjr at the ranges will begin at
8 a. m. and will last till 7 p. m.. with an
hour's intermission at noon. At 7 o'clock:
there will be the distribution of prizes,
won during the day, at the "Temple ot
Gifts." - ..--...¦
The general visitors, who may not care
t.o follow the ups and downs of the shaxp-
is Indeed gratifying to behold this magnifi
cent assemblage, these noble, sturdy men,
strong in purpose and self-reliant, deter
mined to dare and do. animated ¦with a de-
Throughout all ages and especially to
ward the end of the last century the sharp
shooters have enacted a very important;
and momentous part in the fortunes, and
varying events of nations. .•
A comparatively small nation of moun
taineers, noted for their prowess and the
accurate aim of its citizens, has maintained
its independence through -centuries against
the aggressions and onslaughts of. the com
bined armies of the mighty nations of the
earth, which encircles its mountainous
republic. Safe and securely may dwell
a people whose homes and boundaries are
guarded by men of steady arm and aim, a
nation that fosters the practic>»pf Its de
fense with the trusty rifle. In thfrsdefense
of home and fireside, of personal and na
tional honor and Integrity, one handful of
sharpshooters Is worth more than whole
armies of Invaders.
Thus flourish the shooting iruilds in
Geimany and In Switzerland, and thus
cherish and perpetuate the brave men of,
thess countries the practice, I may say,'
the noble pursuit, wherever they have
pitched their tents or made new homes.-
This thought leads me to a retrospect of
the history of owe beloved adopted coun
try, which owes much to the hero war
riors from the old fatherland. An irresist
ible, passionate yearning after freedom and
equal" rlehts of citizenship drove many of
the bravest and best men from the old
sod across the broad expanse of the ocean
to this land of liberty and of promise.
Unmindful of hardships, dangers or perils
of the sea or land, they came to build new
homes for themselves and for posterity.
In this respect it may be truthfully said
that Germany has eiven America invalu-
Sharpshooters in History.
the sharpshooter endures for all times. A
just pride swells my breast— the memory of
the brave, noble and heroic deeds of our
ancestors, their self-sacrificing' love of
country and home, their utter> disregard
of peril and their contempt ! for death — it
is their example we strive to imitate. We
may be pardoned for feeling proud of be
longing to the great fraternity of sharp
shooters, because It requires a' stout heart,
a firm hand, unerring eye: in. fact, these
attributes are Indispensable to a sharpshoot
er, and to possess them is aW Indication of
a frugal, proper and moral life, free from
excesses of any kind.
Well, California to-day welcomes her
guests to the feast. From the day the cheer
ing news was flashed across the continent
that California had been chosen as the fes
tival place, we have endeavored to make
it a success. Whether we have accomplished
California was well and worthily, if not
largely, represented at the former two fes
tivals held in New York. Our gallant little
band of veteran riflemen and stalwart Call-"
fornia youths who represented their native
State returned crowned with glory and la
den with medals and trophies. Our dele
gates were overwhelmed, with kindness and
"attention while in the East; every home and
heart was open to Califcsrnia's favored sons.
It was only natural that our delegates be
came imbued with an ardent desire to re
ciprocate at their own gates. They soon
started a propaganda to get the third Bun
desfest to California. Eastern shooters
smiled good-naturedly at what they consid
ered an absurd proposition, to induce rifle
men to make the Journey from -one end of
the continent to the other, and expressed .
the gravest doubt over the success of such
an undertaking. The California boys were
undismayed, making converts for their
cause on all sides, persuading their Eastern
brethern that a trip to America's paradise
on the Pacific was the proper caper for
every sharpshooter, and the prizes that Cal
ifornia would offer should alone make It j
worth the while to travel thousands of
miles.
May Nation and Bund Prosper.
Upon yonder shore of the Atlantic the
Bund consists of the clubs and guilds from
Baden, Bavaria, Saxony, Hessia, Prussia,
Hanover, the Rhine lands, Switzerland, the
Tyrol and adjacent countries. On this side
of the ocean the fraternal Bund was com
posed of the societies of New York, New
Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Colorado, Cali
fornia and other States of the Union.
federation for the general advancement of
. the practice. . > . . / — -• _••- ¦
• ' First Bundesfest. - . -
The beneficent .results of the first Bundes
~ fest astonished even its most sanguine ad
vocates and promoters. ' The • participation,
of nearly all the crack shots of Europe .was
- beyond anticipation. .* A new; ambition was
awakened; men practiced assiduously to
"¦win honors and trophies of such magnitude
as to tempt the best of them. Each con
secutive Bundesfest was attended with
. greater success than the preceding one. and
i the large, cities of . Germany and Switz
erland put forth their greatest efforts, to se
; ';¦ cure "the- Bundesfest. Our German-Ameri
cans who had visited the various festivals
brought the idea back to this country,' and
laid' the foundation for a National Shoot
' ing Bund of the United States. The first
Bundesfest on this side of the Atlantic was
held In New York in 1833, and proved a most j
glorious success. Three years later the «ec
ond festival, also held in New York,, was
successful only in a measure, because many
fs of the best marksmen were at the time en
gaged In more serious work — they were
fighting with our army and navy in Cuba
and in the Philippines, where the country
needed their services.
I crave your indulgence in picturing as
briefly as possible the history of shooting
and the origin of the National Bund. Tar
get-shooting, from its early and primitive
stages, has ever been fostered and cher
ished more than elsewhere in Germany and
In Switzerland, and shooting festivals had
their birth with the patriots of those
countries, which have given us and all the
world for centuries past the 'greatest and
noblest patriots and heroes, whose memories
are cherished by the entire human . race.
Those noble, high-minded, brave men have
transplanted the love for the chase and the
art of guarding and protecting homes and
firesides across the Atlantic and to the ex
treme end of the continent,, and it was
perpetuated by their descendants. Gener
ations have come upon the earth and have
vanished since, but the noble practice of
Over the mountains and through valleys,
across mighty streams and from beyond the
sea, many of you have come to glorify this
festival — and to you especially, and
in the name of the National . Fed
eration, I want to offer a most cordial and
fraternal welcome to our feast here
in this enchanting jsarden, ¦where the
best men of this great nation will vie
with one another to reach the center mark,
here by the Golden Gate of the Pacific. Mine
is the honor, mine the rare good fortune
to ereet you who compose this distinguished
assemblage. This day is dedicated to the
revival of the time-honored custom of the
land of our birth or of our ancestors, made
more glorious by the filial affection which
binds us with stronKer ties to the land of
our choice, Columbia, the land of the free,
the home of the brave.
May the surest shot secure the hero's ban
ner or the kingly crown, but I only hope
that each and every one of you will feel
amply rewarded in this festival for the sac
rifices you have made in a long journey
or a short one to convey to us the real,
true greeting of the riflemen, the essence
of cordiality.
Fraternal Welcome Extended.
sire to make this festival one to be remem
bered by riflemen for all time.
Soul-inspiring and lofty is the ideal of
the origin of the practice, which heretofore
hag been a sort of an enigma to our fellow
citizens of other than German birth or ex
traction, but it shall no longer remain a
riddle to them.
NEW YORK, July 14.— Fog. tied up the
narbor to-day. The excursion steamboats
on their way to Coney Island had to feel
their way through the mist. . The presence
cf the fog gave rise to startling, reports
that two excursion boats had. gone down
with all on board. When sifted down
these rumors resolved themselves into the
fact that the Email: excursion boat Julia,
plying between Canaxsie and Rockaway,
had gone ashore in Canarsie Bay, bift
was floated again In two hours. No one
¦was hurt.
Heavy Fog in Harbor Re
sponsible for Stories of
Wrecks.
RUMORS OF DISASTER
ALARM NEW YORKERS
M. E. Taber. Charles A. Lughton, Au
gust Marquis, John Hauerwaas. Shooting
Section Turn Verein Germania. Los An
geles; George Keffel, C. H. Letcher, Ru
dolph Scherf. San Jose Rifle Club. San
Jose: Thomas P. GeiselfSpringfield Shoot
ing Association. Springfield. Mass.; H.
Theodore Schumacher. P. R. Schumacher,
Brooklyn Schuetzen Corps. Brooklyn. N.
Y.; H. M. Pope. Zettier Rifle Club, Chlcu
pee Falls. Mass.; Max Schmidt, R. J.
Wight, San Jose Rifle Club, San Jose;
Jacob Dux. New York Central Schuetzen
Corps. New York; Herman Helnecke,
John H. Segelken. August Ludeman. Ru
dolph Gute, New York Schuetzen Corps,
New York: Julius Rlechers. W. E. Maxey,
San Jose Rifle Club, San Jose; C. F. Gen
nerich, John H. Rhode, Henry Koster,
New York Central Schuetzen Corps, New
Captain Kujils, the president, distributed
the prizes in'front of the pajace of prizes.
Noted riflemen who registered their
no'raes yesterday as competitors on the
principal targets are: G. L. Vought, D.
"W. Kine Jr., F. O. Welker. J. H. Dean.
Denver Rifle Club. Denver; W. H. French,
Pope-Ramsey Rifle Club, Grand Junction,
Colo.; George Qulttmeyer, Bridgeport
Schuetzen Vereln, Bridgeport, Conn.; M.
C / Ramsey. Pope-Ramsey Rifle Club,
Grand Junction, Colo.; J. Mendelson,
Pope-Ramsey Rifle. Club, Trinidad, Colo.;
Homer Elliott. Denver Rifle Club, Den
ver; T. D. East. Pope-Ramsey and Den
ver Rifle clubs, Denver; C. Brown. Pope-
Ramsey Rifle Club, Grand Junction, Colo.;
"W. W. Teager. Pueblo Rifle Club, Pueblo,
Colo.; C. A, Shafer, Pueblo Rifle Club,
Cheyenne, Wyo.; H. C. Jacobson, Pueblo
Rifle Club. Black Kawk; O. W. Barnes,
Pope-Ramsey Rifle Club, Grand Junction,
Colo.; F. Schumacher, Dr. T. Schumach
er, San Jose Rifle Club, San Jose; J. P.
Delehaoty, Zettier Rifle Club. Pittston,
Pa.; A. Beregerow. Independent New
Tork Schuetzen. Newark, N. J.
The following -who made fifty and above
on the polst target received the silver
medal: Pbilo Jacoby; IOC; F. Boeckman,
S9; O. Schlueter, Fresno, 56; George Kefiel,
San Jose. -64; Rudolph. Scherf, San Jose,
E9; Henry Kuhls. 101 ; F. D. Smith, 02: T.
R. Geise, Springfield, Mass., 210; Edward
H. Go€tze, 104; Jacob Gruhl, Sacramento,
86; A. Marquis, Los Angeles, 85; F. Dett
lizvs. Sacramento, 130; .Emil Schxnid, Sac
ramento, 164; H. Kosta, J. Hauerwaas,
Jjrts Angeles; F. Ruhstaller, Sacramento,
Avon WyL * ; -
Three gold medals were won during the
fiay try those malting' 150 p,oints or more,
and \rere' awarded to the .following; T.
E. G?!sei, Springfield, Mass.. 210; Jacob
Gruhler, Sacramento. 191; ' E. Schmid,
Sacramento. 154. .. "
Jungblut, San -Francisco, 69; Eureka tar
get. August Hohman, San Francisco. C5.
: December -29, 1902. will complete 200
years since • Peter; the » Great i sanctioned
the appearance, of the first Russian news-
DaDer. c.^, ; " ' . - '-¦-.:/" .", ?,'.*;' v '
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily.'; 'Stop-overs -allowed at Salt
Lake City.. For fulL- information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The story comes from one of our hotels
that a bride and groom stopped there,
Bays the Keswick Miner, one night re
cently and the groom left the bride in the
room and went to the office. When he re
turned and .knocked at the door and said
"honey," no answer came. Again he
rapped and said "honey." Then came the
reply, "Go away, you idiot, this isn't a
beehive;. It's a bathroom." He had
knocked at the wrong door.-^Chico Rec
ord. ; ' ¦: .' ¦-: . ¦¦¦ - :
A Honeymoon Tale. »
The wrecking schooner Catallna was
after the anchor which the Iowa lost the
last^tlme she left port. When" the battle
ship was ready to leave for Puget Sound
an attempt was made to heave up- the
anchor,, but it was fouled and had to be
slipped. ' A i diver was sent down and he
reported the mud hook. was all tangled up
with the 1 anchor and'^chaln which • the
transport Thomas \ lost some' time ago..
The lighthouse tender - Madrono and the
tug ; Unadilla ¦ tried ¦ to ; raise ; the * mass ; of
iron; but failed,- and "now the Catallna Is
making the attempt to -recover., both an
chors..,: ¦• : ¦ . ¦"¦••-:•"-¦¦.: ;*-^ ¦¦•'-•;/ ¦¦• r >^^:'--:?'i.
After the Iowa's Anchor.
Recently there was presented by Mrs.
Carrie J. Drake, president of Malvern
Hill Relief Cores No. SV auxiliary to the
Grand Army of the Republic, on behalf
of the corps a beautiful American flag,
10x20, to the students of the High School
at Fullerton. Not desiring to disappoint
the expectant students by postponing. the
presentation, Mrs. Drake left a sickbed
to perform a duty which proved a pleas
ure to her.. Her address of presentation
was a very patriotic and eloquent . effort.
There was a suitable response on behalf
of the students, who took a deep interest
in the ceremony. This- corps will shortly
present a like flag to the High School. at
Anaheim. - . w. . -.
Woman's Relief Corps.
Graham was slightly bruised about the
elbows and knees, but he was otheiwise
unhurt. -*'
.NIAGARA FALLS. July 14.— Carlisle
Graham this afternoon made his fifth
successful voyage through the whirlpool
rapids in a barrel. The start was made
from the Maid of the Mist landing be
low the falls. The barrel was caught in
an eddy and circled about a little above
the cantilever bridge for a quarter of an
hour. The stronger current In the mid
dle of the stream finally jerked It out of
the eddy Into the foaming waters of the
rapids. >iVi \ .
Passing under the second bridge the
barrel had a narrow escape from being
dashed to pieces against the stone abut
ments of the bridge. The passage
through the rapids was swift. It took the
barrel five minutes . to reach the eddy
from the starting point and twenty min-.
utes to get out of It, but it took only
three and a half minues to pass through
the rapids and the whirlpool, a distance
of about a mile." ' • • • ¦-*,.¦¦
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Carlisle Graham Once More
Tempts Death at Niagara
* Palls.
MAKES FIFTH VOYAGE
THROUGH THE RAPIDS
CHICAGO. July 14.— About fifty, grown
persons and about three times that num
ber of children gathered in America Hall,
77 Thirty-first street, to^-day and took part
In" the regular weekly meeting - of the
"White Boxers.": Five men wearing domi
noes sat on the stage. < Four were in
black robes and one was ' In white. All
wore conical shaped hoods. The children
•were not a bit alarmed at this mysterious
array. They applauded heartily, and some
even dared to laugh. ' ';
Joseph E. Trultt, deputy chief of Con
clave No. 7 of the "Boxers?* stalked upon
the stage and held up his: hands for si
lence. He had no mask,' but a flowing
black gown concealed his form. He be
gan by reading a short passage from the
Bible, and then called upon«Mr. Hopp of
the California "White Boxers" to speak.
Mr. Hopp wore a white robe. He said he
just arrived from the Pacific Coast, where
the Chinese were wielding a tremendous
influence on •: white labor.- 'The "White
Boxers" of California, he said, were grow
ing in numbers. ¦
At" the close of the meeting Mr. Trultt
made an earnest appeal to those present
to join .-the order.. He said an athletic
class would soon be started, . and singing
and dancing classes also. - ¦ .
//These boys and girls will soon be our
men and women," . he said, "and upon
them will devolve the work of the 'White
Boxers.'- We want them to be strong and
healthful, and beget strong and healthful
children. Only by numbers can we I com
bat the black and yellow races/Already
their tread is heard, and we must prepare
for the battle for the future." • , -
< Several persons joined the order at ; the
close of the meeting. . . ~-—rv, '
Says the Order _Is Gaining
in Numbers on the
Pacific Coast.
¦ .-'- -• ; ,
: Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALIFORNIA SPEAKS
TO THE WHITE BOXERS
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., July 14.—
Charles Salonge, known .as the "Bay
notorious as a desperado, was
'shot dead just over the border in Arizona
yesterday. .For a quarter of a century
he has lived 'alone on Bonanza Wash; a
tributary of Burreau Creek. He was
known as a desperate man, easy to arouse
and quick to. shoot. He Is reputed. to have
killed twenty-flve men. Recently he- lost
a stallion that was afterward found dead,
and he suspected Newman and Brown,
campers . near by, of killing it. but he
never mentioned his suspicions to them.
Nevertheless the men knew they were
suspected of the killing, and shortly after
their team of horses were found dead with
bullet holes In their heads. Newman ac
cused Salonge of killing his horses, where
upon the j latter raised his rifle and tired ,
but the bullet went .wild of its mark and
before he. could fire a second -shot Brown
sent ' a . ball through his brain. • At - the
Coroner's inquest Brown, and Newman,
were exonerated from all blame 1 ; ;tha
jurors holding that the killing was done
in self-defense.. . ; ' . ' . '.'"...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempts : to Kill a Camper
and Is Instantly
Shot Down. .
NOTORIOUS DESPERADO
FIRES HIS LAST SHOT
The steamer St. Paul sustained slight In
juries In the St. Michael ice-jam. She was
driven on the. beach but later was pulled
off by the river steamer Sadie. The steam
er, Ruth was forced on the Golovln Bay
beach/staving holes in her and causing
a leak. As she was aground she was be
lieved to be in no great danger. The first
vessel, the Kimball, reached /Teller City
July 3. / : • ¦. •¦¦ . .; : .;.:;; , .-. - .•
SEATTLE, July 14.— The steamer John
S. Kimball, which sailed from Nome- July.
4, arrived to-day with twenty passengers
and $75,000 in gold from that district. The
gold was consigned principally to a local
banklnjr: firm. :¦ -. : ¦ . ¦ " - ; . :
The vessel reports that St. Michael, as
regards the discharge of freight from
steamers, was still icebound July 3. Pas
sengers could land and about 2000 from
the Klondike and other Yukon camps had
arrived there, two-thirds of them being
Nome-bound.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Vessels Are Damaged
Off the Beach Near St.
MichaeL
DISASTER TO SHIPS
ON THE ARCTIC SHORE
HALIFAX, July 14.— The steamer Erik
left.: North Sydney this evening .on her
voyage to the north! She . is to call at
Labrador and then at the various Esqui
maux stations in .Greenland, west, reach-
Ing, Etah 'under favorable . conditions In
about three weeks. At the various, sta
tions she will make . Inquiries as to news
of Lieutenant Peary • and the "Windward.
The Erik took 350 tons of coal and Is fully
provisioned for at least a- year.; The
members of , the Peary Arctic Club, who
went on the steamer are: Dr. F.' A- Cook,
surgeon of- the expedition: I. C Stone and
Herbert Berrl, both ' of Brooklyn; C. - F.
Wickoff . and I. C. Bennett of Ithaca, N.
Y.; and Alfred W. Church of Elgin, 111.
Dr." Cook said that fourteen American
gentlemen have agreed to contribute $1000
a year for four years to aid Peary In his
work of Arctic . exploration. The Erik
carries a crew of sixteen all hardy New
foundlanders. \ • •• •¦•¦¦'¦; ¦ » ,-
Steamer Erik Leaves North
Sydney Provisioned
for One Year.
. Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SAILS FOR THE NORTH
IN SEARCH OF PEARY
What would this republic have been with
out these immigrants? In. the bitter strug
gle for freedom against slavery In the fierce
battles for the preservation of this Union
in the war arra'nst Snain and against the
Insurgents in A?ia, "Columbia's hero war
riors t>f German blood and of German stock
were invariably In the front ranks and on
the firing line. The bones of thousands of
these. brave warriors remained to bleach on
the battlefields along the Tennessee and the
Potomac or in the lonely ravines of the-
Philippines. But it. was not only to pierce
the country's enemy with their deadly bul-
German- Americans.
able treasure. The ' stalwart, sturdy, brave
sons for whom Germanla had become too
narrow, confining and restricting, became
Columbia's best and most favored foster
children. They brought treasures with
them which their new fatherland had:
scarcely known before their advent, in
spired with, a love of. liberty, the highest
conception of true citizenship, a just prida
in civic , liberty and equality, faithfulness,
to duty, civil virtue, unlimited endurance
and perseverance, integrity, stout hearts,
keen sight, 'unerring hands and a firm de
termination to reach the goal of their am
bition. ¦ These vtrre but a few of the bridal
gifts brought uiToss.tho ocean by these
immigrants as tc kens to lay at the feet of
their new love, Columbia.
lets, not the sword alone— they also knew
full well how to guide the plow, to plant
trees and vines, raise the best fruit and'
the choicest grapes. They were handy
with the pen, nor were they slow of speech
when occasion demanded to awaken new
life, mental culture and advancement.
From the banks of the Hudson -to the
shores of the Pacific they planted the
fragrant nosegay of comfort and cheer and
sociability. Throughout this new land of
• their choice and adoption they dedicated
new temDles to the muses and fine arts,
the harbingers of all that is r lofty and en
nobling. All that and much more do we
owe to those earnest defenders of human
rights of liberty and equality, who valued
honor above gold and wealth. Surely they
are entitled to a place of honor, in the
front rank among .the argonauts of their
new fatherland. ¦
Now, ' just a word concerning our Na
tional Bund. In order to enhance the prac
tice and pursuit of target shooting-, that
men may perfect themselves in the art in
case, o* their ~ country's nsed, the shoot
ing guilds of Germany formed the first fed
eration and called it the bund. What one
club or- guild could not possibly offer to
spur the shooters to sreater zeal and ef
fort the bund, composed of a hundred or
more, clubs, could do with ease. : Thus the
good men of the old country formed the
bund and brought all clubs into one con-
SNAPSHOTS OF THE PARADE OF THE SCHUETZEN CLUBS PRELIM
INARY TO THE FORMAL. OPENING OF THE THIRD NATIONAL.
SHOOTING FESTIVAL. AT SHELL, MOUND PARK.
EL PASO, Tex.. July 14,-^A. private dis
patch received here thla morninff an
nounces that P, D. Cunningham, chief en
gineer of the International Water Boun
dary- Commission, ."was drowned In the
rapids of the Rio Grande below Eagle
Pass by the overturning of hla skiff. His
body was lost; but the river fa being drag
ged to recover it. Cunningham was chief
of a party of attaches of the commission
which embarked on the Rio Grande sev
eral months ago to explore the river from
New Mexico to the gulf. The party waa
composed of members of both the Mexi
can and American corps and the task be
fore them was considered; one of great
hazard owing to the treacherous nature
of the stream. They embarked fifty miles
above El Paso during a freshet and the
BklfT voyage was without Incident until
a. few weeks ago, when Cunningham was
b.tten by a-water- moccasin while sleeping
on the river bank at night. He was In a
critical condition when brought back to
this. city, but soon recovered- and rejoined
H 1 ' %E3? as soo , n a3 n * was ab *» to trav
el-While passing the -rapids yesterday
fifty miles below Eagle Pass the skiff oc
cupied by Cunningham ran upon hidden
rocks, overturpd and quickly sank Ow-
Ing to the swiftness of the current he was
unable to swim ashore and the otheT bS
could not be sent to rescue him He was
drowned .in a few moments The bod'
was swept down by. the swiftly fib-win-
I a flfl^ an^ **™» Impossible t" locate I t°
A dispatch this afternoon states that as
toU^SrfftS ¥?? secured froma'neirby
town and that the river is being dragged.
Special DJspateh. t» The Can,
Sad Fate of Chief Engineer
of the "Water Boundary
Commission.
IKS 10 THE RAPIDS
IN SIGHT OF FRIENDS
Lady Jane Ellice, the sole surviving
bridesmaid of Queen Victoria, Is 82 years
old. Lady Jane was born the same year
as the Queen.
' giant forests of Maine to the vine-dad hills
of California, one common tie binds us all —
we are orte nation of brothers, one people,
-with one lofty aim and purpose, though of
- many tongues; we are a unit for freedom, for
¦ national j honor and for civic duty. Then
may this national brotherhood and this Na
tional Bund prosper and endure forever.
"With the conclusion of President Kahla"
speech there came a deafening applause
and a cheering which lasted for some
few minutes. Grand Marshal WIeneka
and his aids then took their stations on
the stage, and the mention of the mar
shal's name by President Kuhls provoked
another burst of applause. Marshal "Wle
neke did not get off without a speech,
however. His aids had a present for
him and so did the Army and Navy
Union. G«orge "W. Chapin, commander
of Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 101, Reg
ular and Volunteer Army and Navy
Union,- stepped to the front of the plat
form and after a short speech expressive
of his comrades* appreciation of many
favors extended to them by Captain "VVle
neke, presented the latter on behalf of
the garrison a handsome gold badge of
the order.
' Captain Wleneke had no sooner finish
ed his reply to Commander Chapln'a
speech than Adolph Strecker stepped for
ward and presented the grand marshal a
gold Schi'^tzen Bund badge on behalf of
the division aids and marshals.
With this ceremony completed three
cheers were given for America. They
were lustily shouted and then followed a
salvo for the Bunde3. The band played
and the first part of the programme was
finished as the companies filed out of the
pavilion and broke for lunch.
A few minutes after 1 o'clock President
Kuhls, attended by the vice presidents
and a cohort of shooters, entered the
ranges for the formal opening of ths
shooting festival. He fired three shots,
the symbolic introduction to this great
national fest. Simple yet fraught with
dignity as the proceeding was, it struck
deep in the minds of all gathered around
the ranges or the tables on the platform
Not many minutes after and the guns
were spitting their fires from every one
of the dozen ranges. At 7 o'clock the
shooting ceased.
inent. Not the riflemen alone, but ail th«
! ! singers, turners, German and other societies
have vied with each other to prepare t£»
,,mpst cordial reception for you. What broth---,
«s erly affection, sincere friendship, is able to
offer you i3 at your disposal. Accept It, w»
" beg of yoa. We open our hearts and homes
' to you, and bid you enter.
. r.om the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
"- that object' -we shall leave to your taig-
shooters at the ranges, will be entertained
by an open air concert by Rltzau's band.
The programme will be as follows:
March. "Third National Bundea Festival"..
Ritzau
Overture. "Kuy Bias" Mendelssohn
Concert waltz, "Stories of the Forest of
Vienna" Straus*
Trombone solo by Alfred Koncovierl.
Gems from "The "Wizard of the Nile"... Herbert
March. "Hohenzollern Ruhm" Unratl*
Overture. "Miner's Dream" Xerssen.
"Hunting Scene in the Black Forest". .Voelker
Cornet solo by T. Valerga.
Grand Fantasie, "Lohengrin" "Wagner
A Jersey Review, "The Mosquito Parade"..
t:.T."..: _ Whitney
Celebrated •'Plzzicata PoIIia" Strauss
"Hungarian Dances" Brahms
March. "Bohemian Life" ...Roncovlerl
THE SAN FR^CISCO CALL,'MONDAt, JT3LY 15, 1901.
i -w- . ITTI «T3 .shooting, comparatively
rj speaking, -vras dome on the
B ¦ ranges yesterday. This was due
r4 . to tlie presence, of great crowds,
¦JL—4 ¦which are annoying- in. a degree
to the best of marksmen. As the
lest progresses more and more candidates
for honors 'will compete.
Tbe following' made the big-best soores
Hor the day on the principal targets:
American standard target, H. M. Pope,
.Zettier Rifle Club, New York. 47; mn-n
target, H. M. Pope, 75; rlngr. target. A.
RESULT OF SUNDAY'S
WORK WITH THE RIFLE
2
APPETITE
v*' fB CALIFORNIA
Chutney £auce
| Delicious witK.
3 * .sfcaks.ckcps etc.
I I5*&25*AII GrocersCompletion.
Coalition^ of Western
Theater s^Nearing
CHICAGO. July 14.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: With a capitalization j
of between $1,000,000 and $3,000,000 twelve j
of the chief vaudeville theaters between!
Chicago and the Pacific Coast are abbut |
to be merged into a single property. The
principles employed in industrial com
bines are being used to bring about the
unification. Stock in the new 'corporation
will be Issued to the individual theater
proprietors in amounts proportional to the
valuation placed on the respective thea
ters. The largest interests involved in
the coalition are those of the Kohl and
Castle theaters of Chicago and of. thea
ters of the Orpheum circuit of the West.
Tho only vaudeville manager in a city
east of Chicago to be a party to the ar- ;
rangement is M. C. Anderson of Cincin- |
nati, controlling Hueck's Opera-house and
the Walnut-street Theater In. that city. |
The twelve theaters which will tecome
the property of the combine are:
Chicago— The Chicago Opera-house, the
Olympic Theater, the Haymarket Theater, |
Hopkins' Theater and, indirectly, the Ma
sonic Temple Roof Theater.
Cincinnati— Hueck's Opera-house and
the Walnut-street Theater.
San Francisco— The ' Orpheum Theater,
Maurice Meyerteld, proprietor and owner
of the Orpheum Theater Company.
Los Angeles— The Orpheum Theater,
owned by fhe Orpheum Company.
New Orleans— The Crescent Theater.
Kansas City— The Orpheum Theater. .' '
Omaha— The Creighton-Orpheum Thea
ter. •
Denial of a vigorous sort was given to
night to a question asking if the union
was one either of offense or defense
against the East.
"The stock company," said Manager J.
J. Murdock of the Masonic Temple Roof
Theater, acting spokesman, "will be
formed on business lines alone. It is not
meant as an instrument for fighting any
one. The question simply is to join a
number of enterprises into a single con
cern. The present managers will remain
undoubtedly, but they will remain as di
rectors of the larger corporatfon instead
of owners of ~the separate theaters.
"The coalition of the Western theaters
will mean a saving of much money in
operating expenses. Salaries, however,
will not be cut, and. I think the combine
will be to the interests of the performers.
It will give them a continuous engage
ment of a number of weeks."
DISSENSIONS INVOLVE
RECLAMATION DISTRICT
Contingent of Yolo County Land-
Owners Objects to Paying an
Assessment.
WOODLAND, July 14.— The land owners
pf Reclamation District No. 108 met here
yesterday. Of the 72,000 acres comprising
the district more than 60,000 acres were
represented. Recently an assessment waa
levied, to which many of the small land
owners are bitterly opposed. The big land
owners, such as E. B. Pond, the Fair es
tate and others, generally favor the as
sessment. A committee consisting of E.
B. Pond, L. R. Poundstone, W. R.
Mumma, C. S. Neal and James Baldson
was appointed, with .instructions to make
a report as to the past, the present and
the probable future of the district and to
suggest plans for future reclamation to a
meeting of the land owners which will be
held in this city on the 3d of August. , I
The district comprises some of the most
fertile land in the State, but a great deal
of it . is subject to overflow, and no suc
cessful plan of, reclamation has yet been
devised. There is a great divergence of
views among the land owners. , The small
holders defiantly announce themselves aa
opposed to all, reclamation schemes that
have been or are likely" to be proposed,
and . annourioe their intention to fight tho
assessment -. to the bitter • end. Most • of
them, claim, that . their land is high and
dry and that they are included in the dis
trict for assessment purposes. The litiga
tion is likely to be expensive and long
drawn out. '-'.,'¦ » •;' .* .
Tynan Jury Disagrees.
SALINAS, July %-The second trial of I
C. Tynan in .the .Justice's Court ended t
Friday night.. The jury, disagreed, stand- I
ing ten for conviction and two for acquit- i
tal. A few days ago Tynan was'arrestel !
for violating - the ? midnight closing ordi- j
nance. ¦ . . . . -. I
>tf«S ACOMA, July If— To-day's Orlen
- II tal advices give details of a terri-
II"* ble disaster and 'loss of life caused
Jt - - by • an .„ outburst .'» of 7 the' Kloet
. - volcano in \ Northern j Java last
month. Torrents of lava and hot mud
flowed on towns and there were showers
of ' ashes and ' stones. Seven hundred na
tives-and about, a dozen Europeans per
ished. " ' . - .
Amid'a tremendous' downpour of stones
the European manager of one of the large
estates fled from the stream of lava in a
carriage, , Into which- he had placed his
wife, two children and a nurse. It waa
a race for life with every advantage in
favor of , the lava stream, which came roll
ing down the hillsides in ever-increasing
volume.- In thirty minutes the lava over
took the carriage. The nurse and chil
dren perished and the parents saved
themselves by jumping into a clump of
bamboo trees. - .
The superintendent of this estate and
twenty-Qve coolies perished. Several
score of great coffee estates were de-
PICKPOCKETS IBT JAPAJT
BOB SAN. FBANCISCANS
Money and Tickets Taken From
Tourists Are Recovered, by the
Tokio Police.
TACOMA, July 14.-Mr. and Mrs. J.
McNald of San Francisco, who are
traveling- in Japan, have learned that
pickpockets are | almost as numerous in
that country as in America. Several
weeks ago while traveling between Yoko
hama and Haneda they were robbed by
pickpockets of several small articles, in
cluding a handbag belonging to Mrs. Mc-
Nald. In this were six checks for $300,
two steamghip tickets between Hongkong
and London and Japanese money. The
matter • was reported at two police - sta
tions and the metropolitan police of Tokio
at once detailed detectives to investigate.
Twelve days later two pickpockets were
arrested and all- of the valuables were
Special Dispatch, to The CalL.
stroyed. For fifty miles around tha vol
cano the country was strewn with corpses.
ACCUSE CLERKS OF BOBBERY.
leged Bank Breaking.
Fourteen Persons Arrested for Al-
TACOMA. July 14.— Fourteen arrests
have been made at Singapore In connec
tion with the recent robbery of the Hong
kong and Shanghai Bank of notes
amounting to nearly $300,000. A small por
tion of the money was recovered. Tho
prisoners are bank . clerks and money
changers and include two women. The
robbery was effected by means of a dupli
cate key to the bank's strong vault, the
key having , been stolen from the Char
tered Bank of India, which used the same
vault. The principal thief escaped to
Madras with ?250,000.
Statistics show that 21,000 foreign tour
ists visited Japan last year, spending
about 20,000,000 yen. The tourist business
is now regarded as an important source
of revenue, and efforts are being made to
more thoroughly advertise Japan in Amer
ica and Europe.
Many protests are being made because
the Russian authorities at Port Arthur
are opening all letters to and from the
American and European residents there.
Nothing is permitted to be sent out that
contains any allusion to Russian military
affairs or criticism of- Russian methods.
Yokohama papers publish a story to the
effect that an American subject two
months ago posted a letter to relatives
in the United States at the Imperial Rus
sian postoffice at Port Arthur. The letter
was opened and its contents were foun-t
to include details regarding a number of
troops at Port Arthur and the naming: of
the forts. The American was arrested and
Imprisoned for three weeks, being- finally
released on orders from St. Petersburg.
Newspapers of all kinds are absolutely
barred if any copy is found to contain a
criticism of Russia or Russian methods.
The harbor at Port Arthur is watched
every ni^ht with searchlights and tha
strictest vigilance is paid to occasional
visits of foreign men-of-war. .
European Manager of a Large Estate in Drives .With His
Family^ Before the Pursuing Torrent From a Volcano in Erup
tion and the Nurse and Two Children Are Lost irTBoiling Mud
MLAJXAGEB IS SELECTED
FOB MANILA EXCHAUSS
John Taylor, Formerly of This City,
Will Conduct the New Stock
'-'¦_¦ r ."• Institution.
TACOMA, July 14.— John W. Taylor,
formerly a resident of San Francisco,
has been elected secretary and manager
of the new Stock Exchange. He
will receive a large salary for organizing
and managing it It will be modeled in
many respects after the San Francisco
Exchange, of which Taylor was formerly
a member. Present indications are that
the Manila Exchange will hereafter play
an important part In the commercial
transactions of the Orient. It will be the
first exchange in the Orient modeled
after similar Institutions in America.
During the first year the membership will
bo limited to fifty. Members will pay $50
each to join and an annual fee of $100.
All of the seats have been subscribed for.
SPOKANK, July 14. — One thousand peo
ple saw the Los Angeles Elks' baseball
team defeat a nine made up of members
of the local lodge this afternoon. Tha
score was 4 to 3. A r large proportion of
the local Lodge- of Elks, which has 530
members, were in attendance and rooted
indiscriminately for the home team and
;the visitors. The line-up follows: , .'
-Spokane. • ' 1*08111011. / Los Angeles. ¦
Roadnlght.. Shortstop Hart
McArdle.: Second base Leland
Connor............. Catcher '.*. "Welding
McEIroy. First base.... Guercio
Lee........ Left field..... Hill
Lenhart Center field Randall
McCallum Third- base Adams
Luhn and
Rosentaaupt Right field Nolan
Dreher Pitcher Bentley
Los Angeles Elfcs Victorious.
; recovered. They were returned to Mr.
McNald at Yokohama.
* LONDON, July 14.— The War Office .has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Kitchener, dated at Pretoria:
"Broadwood's brigade surprised Reitz,
capturing Stein's brother; and others.
Stein himself escaped in his shirt sleeves,
with one other man only. The so-called
'Orange River Government* and papers
were captured."
Lord Kitchener also [ reports that
Scheeper's commando (as announced in
press dispatches • early last week) burned
the public buildings In Murraysburg, Cape
Colony, and some farm houses in the
vicinity. '
According to further advices from Lord
Kitchener, the column under Feather
stone ajid Colonel Dixon has reached Zeer
ust, Western Transvaal. It met with op
position and made some captures. Tho
British casualties were one officer killed
and three* officers and twenty-four men
wounded.
"General" Broadwood." says a dispatch
to the Daily- News from Bloomfontein,
"surprised fleitz due east of Llndley at
dawn last Thursday, July 11. He took
twenty-nine prisoners, including General,
A. P. Clownc and General Wessel, Com
mandant Dwaal. First Cornet Pelt Steyn
(President Steyn's brother), Thomas
Brain, Secretary of Government, and
Roches do Villiers, Secretary of the Coun
cil. ¦ Steyn himself fled without coat or
boots. General Dewet 13 believed to have
been present."
. Lord Kitchener has advised the Govern
ment—so the Dally News understands—
that it is possible to withdraw a large
number of Infantry regiments from South
Africa, amounting virtually to the greater
part of the unmounted army. At the same
time he requests that he be supplied with
more mounted men. The Government Is
considering- this, according- the Dally
News, and probably will be" gutded by
Lord Kitchener's advices.
"It Is also contemplated," says the same
journal, "if the infantry is largely with
drawn, to concentrate the\British troops
along the Natal railway, between Durban
and Pietermaritsburg and - between Jo
hannesburg and Pretoria', thus carrying
gold and. provisions for the troops by a
shorter route than the Cape Town route.
A portion of the line from Cape Town to
Pretoria may be abandoned."
COETZE HANGED FOR TREASON.
British Put to Death the Companion
of Rebel TVTarais.
CRADDOCK. Cape July .12
(Friday).— Johannes Coetze. caught with
Slarais, the rebel, who was hanged , on
Julv 10, at Middleburg-. was publicly exe
cuted for treason in Craddock to-day.
FORMING TRUST
IN VAUDEVILLE
Free State's; Former
President Has Naf
row Escape.
: — ?- — -^—-' ¦ '¦. '"
Boer Force Under Reitz ; Is
Surprised : by Broad
wood's Brigade.
BRITISH CAPTURE
STEYN'S BROTHER
HUNDREDS OF NATIVES PERISH
IN FLOOD OF SEETHING LAVA
Illness of Madame Me/lba.
LONDON, July 14.— Mme. Melba is suf
fering from an attack of larynxgitis and
her physicians i have advised her . not . to
sing at Coveat Garden this week. :,
Bans." They are members of Company N
and claim to be at home at all hours.
The following rules are made public: No
Ban shall use candles; feathers are light
enough for any Ban. No Ban shall eat
any more electric currants, as there is a
rais(e)in the prices. . v
Cadets Fear the Surgeon.
Captain Joseph Westplear will act as of
ficer of the day and Lieutenant G. M.
Sears will be officer of the guard until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning. Nashe Dwyer,
formerly captain of Company D, the
crack company of the regiment, visited
camp yesterday. Dr. Morrisey, regi
mental surgeon, is expected in camp to
morrow. The boys look forward to his
coming with trepidation, as he has a habit
of putting physic In their coffee. During
his absence "Jimmy" CDea, regimental
steward, is caring for the boys. "Jeemes"
is quite young, but he will soon hang a
shingle out and prescribe at regular rates.
He is now a member of the senior class of
the Affiliated Colleges. Dr. Morrisey will
be met at the depot by the hospital corps.
There are very few boys sick. Some have
suffered bruises, but trivial scratches do
not prevent them from eatingr well and
keeping their neighbors awake during: the
night. . .
The "Bullglnes" of Company D are F.
SulMvan, George Winters, "Bob" McDer
mott and "Billy" Dillon. They eat well,
sleep well and have no desire to do guard
duty,^ Dr. .Meagher has been asked to
prescribe a few nights in the guardhouse
for the Quartet.
- Leo Li. Drossel of the Hospital Corps is
a faithful "worker." He remains awake
nights planning how to "do" his friends.
Corporal T. O'Leary. J. Flnsterbusch, Jos
eph Curley and Ed Kenney are known as
"Four of C's Bugs." They crawl all over
camp looking for fun and generally find
It. The "Jolly Four" of Company M Is
composed of M. Hughes, B. Paolinelli, E.
Freese and R. Ott. "The Midway" Is a
name of a tent occupied by "Dinks"
Deasy. "King" Brady. "Jerry" Dolan and
"Pee Jay" Kennedy.
Nineteen prisoners cleaned streets this
morning and the hard work they did set
an awful example to the - other men . of
the regiment. The guardhouse will have
few visitors to-night. Leo Glennon, the
dlmunltive mascot of Company B, Is be
loved by the regiment. . He travels all
over with Company B and is up with the
lark and asleep before taps. The tent
"Shamrock" is occupled*by the Irish Bri
gade, which Is composed of H. McLaugh-
Un, J. L. Flynn,-D. Kennedy and T. Hee
lin. - • s^.--V- .
"Birdie's Camp" is full of chirpers. The
occupants of the nest are high flyers.
They live on "Bandovian avenue.". The
residents are Charles J. Rousseau, Tom
Richardson arid George Locoste. .
Diogenes and the Pies.
Private De Carterct picked up^a lighted
lantern last night and like Diogenes
strolled round camp looking for his appe
tite. He complains that he can only cat
two pies at a meal. The "C Lions"' of
Company C are Bid Hall, Jack Wilder," C.
H. Morrisey and' Joe McKeenan. A few
names found in camp are "The Bughouso
Four." "Iron- Trades , Council." "Hill
Climbers," etc. Company M has : named
its street "Paulist avenue." Company C
has named its street "Bannon avenus,"
in honor of Captain Phil Bannon. and
Company O has named its street "Brady
avenue," in honor of the popular Mission
pastor. .
The dress parade this evening on the
camp grounds was watched ,.,'by a ~b!g
crowd. The 'ceremony. waa carried out to
perfection. Lieutenant Colonel McGIoin
commanded. . . , .
There are' a number of secret societies
In the . camp, and they have peculiar
names. J. Fitzsimmons, F. Doling and
George Ryan have issued Invitations to
friends to visit the tent of "The Three
The cadets spent the rest of the day
roaming through the country. Many visit
ed the Napa Insane Asylum, while others
went on drives **o nearby towns and
places of interest. In the evening the
band of the regiment gave a secred con
cert in the courthouse square. The park
was crowded with people and the music
rendered was greatly enjoyed. ; , To-mor
row evening there will be a dance in the
pavilion which adjoins the camp grounds.
The Mayor of the city will welcome the
regiment and formally turn over the town
to the visitors.
The camp was open to visitors during
the day and hundreds of friends and resi
dents passed through the streets of the
camp. Company L's crack baseball team
played an exhibition game with an ag
gregation of Napa ball players. The
cadets won the day by a score of 15 to
10. The teams lined up as follows:
Company I* Positions. Napae.
Heelan Catcher Juarez
Flynn... Pitcher Russell
Grieves First base Head
Dwer Second base Peterson
Fenton Short stop '....Shanahan
Hussey Third base Toohey
Kennedy Left field .Flaherty
Hollihan «Center field Dean
Thilgren Right field Grappey
The Rev. Father Slattery, pastor of the
church, welcomed the regiment on behalf
of the Catholics of the city. He said the
Mayor would welcome the organization
at the public reception to-morrow ' even
ing. He took occasion to give the young
men advice as to their conduct while in
Napa- He appealed to them not to vio
late their pledges and not to disgrace the
regiment by conduct unbecoming soldiers
of the cross.
"Welcomed by the Pastor.
Dr. Evan; basso, A. A. Watson; so
pranoe. I^rs. Ritter. Miss Riordan, Miss
Mamie Matthews, Miss Florence Dwyer,
Miss Welch; contraltos. Miss Maud John
son, Miss Levina Johnson and Miss Bell
Strohl; organist, Mrs. Charles Reams.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP
POWER. NAPA. July 14.—
Promptly at 6:20 o'clock this
morning the camp was aroused
from slumber by the first call of
reveille, blown by a lusty-lungred bugler
who evidently delighted In awakening his
comrades to another day of activity.
There was a piling: out of tents and with
in a few minutes the company streets
were scenes of bustle/ and life. Those
who were unwilling to turn out were
dragged out by the heels. Ten minutes
later reveille was again sounded and the
cannon would have boomed at the rais
ing of the flag had not some practical
Joker made away with the breech-lock.
Mess call followed Quickly and the cadets
moved over to the open-air dining place
and filled up on substantial food.
The cadets busied themselves for the
next hour preparing for church. The un
fortunate lads who were placed in the
g-uardhouse the night before for coming
In after taps had to sweep streets and
do other menial ¦work.
At 8:15 the first ceremony of guard
mounting occurred. Andy Gaughran, at
one time drill inspector of the San Fran
cisco Police Department, directed this
pretty ceremony. The new guard was in
spected according to rule and during the
ceremony the band played waltzes and
pplrited marches.
Shortly before 10 o'clock the regiment
formed and marched to St. John's
Church. It was the intention to have the
cadets present sabers at the consecration,
but the small size of the church would
not permit of this stirring scene. The
Rev. Philip CRyan, chaplain of the regi
ment, celebrated the mass. Fred Miholo
vich and Thomas Dunne, members of the
Hospital Corps, acted as acolytes, and
Sampson Manaton beat the drum at the
consecration. Special music was rendered
by the choir, augmented for the occasion
r>v visitors to this city. The following
composed the choir: Soloists. Miss Mil
dred Francis and Miss Flora Mehl; tenor, I
SCENES AT THE MILITARY ENCAMPMENT OF THE CADETS OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS WHO ARE AS
SEMBLED ON A TENTED PLAIN AT NAPA AND ENJOYING A BRIEF SEASON OF SOLDIERLY ACTIV
ITY IN THE FIELD. ' .
THE SAN' FRANCISCO GALL; MONDAY, JUL7 15; 1901.
Cadets of the League of the Gross Begin Their Season of Mili
tary Field Service on the Tented Plain, at Napa and Discipline
Is Combined With the Merriment of Vigorous Youth
REVEILLE SOUNDS AND FLAGS
ARE AFLUTTER AT CAMP POWER
3
v;^U ANHEUSER_-BUSCtfS
j3%i?fL e Malt Tonic
(M9M^^ Aids the doct ° r
cm^^fi\y^^ a "^ to cure you.
It nourishes and invigorates during
convalescence. Always helps— never
hinders— puts the whole system right.
Sold by all druggists. It is one of the
perfected products of the |&J \
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Michclob, Black & Tan, Pale-Lager,
Faust, Anheuscr-Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
- y
! _ " ' ' " ' 11 n
t ™ r - -¦ — --_----¦ ™^^^— '"""*' 'U*;«?»^^ M^^^«^^^—^^M^—^^|^
If 1
! -flflH Overcoats
° t — — ¦ 1 ,
The above words tell the story of this sale. But for the sake of those who want ta
know the "whys and wherefores'* we will go more into detail.
First of. all, the clothes are union made, guaranteed, money-backed and actually re-
duced as we say. We made them specials for our Summer Saving Sale.
The suits are cheviots, in light weights and patterns; the prices were reduced from
$8.50, $10.00 and $12.50 to $6.65.
The overcoats are cheviots, in tan, olive and brown, well lined, reduced from $10.00
. The trousers are worsteds, in swell patterns of checks and stripes, in all sizes from 30
to 44, price reduced from $3.00 to $1 .85.
See the clothes— -examine them- 1 - buy if you choose — money back if you don't keep
them— a year's repairing free if you do. \
— — — - -
The $1.35 sale soon ends
4&Hp^. • This sale of boys' suits for $1.35 will
¦ r^S^Js en( * week. The assortment is rap- i*5iiSBP^^\
than Thursday. Mothers, this is an *^& 4, jptf
f^^lf'li^wifei^ * eas y sa^ e on P urses — so tt:^ e mone y. t ' )
' ' J^^K^mkWnh' J^^l, Boys' sailor suits, varied patterns differently jMmM^M ''?', j Wk
WKIKWW^B trimmed, ages 3 to 10 years, new lines just added, | ! ||k
f| . Boys' vestee suits, striped worsteds and double- g^l|fa^lp|l j I jSp
Ifiilliwwi'ill I Also s P ecial v^u" » n Norfolk and Russian Ja^'^iil §"> 'IH^I)'' r
lilfy^Wil blouse suits— those up-to-date styles now so &ils i l%1hj
MfJHI W 111 Boys' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 17, \i'&3 WMfti
¦ BS ¦ »H Boys' blouse waists, ages S 3 to 8 years, all l|j* \ft3/
'¦* mH • -**" HaflL. Boys' and children's straw hats reduced '^ ~ ' JS&l I JSII
mU /^^J^^ —every hat from 75c to $2.00 has been reduced to s&$6i* fe$U * *
A glance at our ¥ « A / JT\. -^^. VV '- ¦^¦>_ > _ Out-of-town or-
windows wilb al- &J •%/&/& If HI S? M &\ dcrs filled. Write
•ways prove inter- *™"*1 *# J8fW « W W W H & 1^1 i ||| us for anything in
:> esting,whetheryou \*i/."8. ??" m '.m /^"^ -'^^ ™^ . w I \_* men's or boys'
need clothes, hats JT ' v * ' ¦¦ «»—^ .^^p^ clothing, furnish-
;y|«r furnishings. | Met?UAZ± Street [^ingsorhats;(15) Song service, O. M. Vesper, musical di
rector. Devotions, Rev. John Foster, New
Orleans, La. . . > ' '
Addresses.
<20) "Our English Bible and How to Use-It,"
Rev. J. W. Bashford, D.D., Delaware, Ohio.
(ID "Systematic Benevolence," Rev. S. R.
Hay, Houston, Texas.
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement In the
League— Results Achieved," Rev. J. W. Saun
by, B.A., Medicine Hat, Northwest Territory.
Ala) "Missionary Forward Movement in the
Leasue-The Work Before Us," Willis W.
Cooper, Kenosha. Wis. ¦ . •
(15) "Personal Work for Christ," Rev. W. E.
ThomDPon, Little Rock, Ark.
(15) "Young Laymen a3 Soul .Winners," ¦ Ed
ward D. Soper, Harri6burs, Pa.
ALHAMBRA THEATER-2.-30 p. m.
Chairman. William . Burdette Mathews,
Charleston, ,W. Va.
(15) Song service. Robert Husband, musical
director. Devotions. Rev. J. W. Churchill,
Coldwater, Ont., Canada.
Addresses.
(15) Systematic Benevolence," Rev. R. 6.
Cantine. D.D.. Los Angeles, Cal.
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement In the
League— Results Achieved," Rev. Joshua M.
Frost, Ban^or, Me.
do) "Missionary Forward Movement In the
League— The Work Before Us,"' Rev. P. L.-
Cobb. Nashville, Tenn.
(15) "Personal Work for Christ," Rev. C. T.
Scott, B.A., Aylmer, Ont., Canada.
(15) "Young Laymen as Soul Winners," E.
T. Coltcn, Chicago. 111. ' .
(20) "Our English Bible and How to Use It,"
Rev. T. W. Ba8hford, D.D., Delaware, Ohio.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE-2:30 p. m. ¦
Chairman, Rev. J. E. Moore, D.D., San
Francicco, Cal. . • .
il5) Seng service, J. J. Morris, musical dl
dactor. Devotions. • Rev. Ervlne L. Thorpe,
D.D., Brooklyn; N, Y. *
Addresses.
(15) "Systematic - Benevolence," Rev. -G. S.
Clendirnen, S.T.L., Brockville, Ont., Canada:
(15) "Missionary • Forward ¦ Movement in the
League— Results Achieved," Rev. T. A. Moore,
Hamilton, Ont.,' Canada. ., ,
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement . in , the
Leaeue— The ' Work Before Us," . Rev. F. B..
Short, Wilmington. Pel. \
- (15) "Our English. Bible and .How to Use
lit," Rev. A. F. Watklns, D.D., Brookhaven,
Mies. .
(15) "Personal Work for Christ," Rev.- Fa
yette L. Thompson, D.D., Jackson, Mich. ¦
(15) "Young Laymen as Soul Winners," Rev.
W.' A. Cooke, B.A., Cypress River, Manitoba.
1 MECHANICS' PAVILION-7:45 '-. p. m. '
.. 'Missionary : Mass-meeting.
Chairman; Governor A. T. Bliss of Michigan..
(15) Song- service, "VV. C. Stadtfeld. ¦ musical
director. Devotions, Rev. Sarnuel Plants. D.D.,
Appleton,. Wls. ( - • :
(25) Address, Bishop Henry W. "Warren,,
D.D., LL.D., Denver, Colo. : . . : ''¦
(25) Address, Rev. John J. I Tlgert, - LL.D.,
Nafhville, Tenn. - :
(25) Address, Rev. James Henderson, D.D.,
Toronto, Canada. ,, • •
THE programme of the ¦ Epworth League Convention, which actively opens next Thursday, is a brilliant one. It will be heartily relished by the Leaguers as well as the laymen who attend the various sessions. Interest- . ;
ing discussions will be participated in by some of the best known ministers of the Methodist church. , The scope of the debates will cover a wide range, and will embrace addresses on special topics by men and women
whose mastery of the details of the subjects to be broached renders them particularly qualified for the task imposed upon them. . v ;/: \ . ;
The programme of the meetings at the Pavilion, Alhambra and Metropolitan Temple is given herewith in its entirety.
Addresses.
(25) "Young Peonle's Movement in the Nine
teenth Century," Rev. C. W. Millard. D.D.,
Yonkers, X. Y. . • •
(25) "Young People's Movement in the Twen
tieth Century," Rev, John H. Coleman, D.D.,
Glens Falls. N. Y.
(25) "Methodism of the Twentieth Century."
Professor Collins Denny, D.D., Nashville,
Tenn. _J_
SECOND DAY.
Friday, July 19, 6:30 a.'m.
SUNRISE PRAYER MEETINGS.
CM) Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev.
George R. Stuart, D.D.. Cleveland, Tenn.
(£0) Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mrs.
Ada New, Greenfield, InJ.
(60) Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church,
South. Rev. E. A. Pearson. B.A., Aurora, Ont.,
Canada. , • ' ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦
(60) First Methodist Episcopal Church, Oak
land. W. H. Fisher, Los Angelefl, Cal. i
MECHANICS' PAVILION— 9:00 A. M.
Twentieth Century Problems.
Chairman,. Bishop Earl Cranston, D.D., LL.D.,
Portland,' Or.
(15) Song sen-ice; J. M. Robinson, musical di
rector. Devotions; Rev. O. E. Watson, Charles
ton, s. c. ...
• • Addresses.
(15) "The Church and the Liquor Traffic,"
William H. Anderson, Springfield. 111.
(15) "The Church and the Worklngman,"
Rev. E. J. Helms, Boston, Mass.
(15) "The Church and the Young Man," Rev.
T. E. E. Shore. M.A., B.D., Toronto, Canada.
(15) "The Church and the Newspaper," Rev.
James M. Buckley. D.D.. New York City.
(15) "Our Imperiled Sabbath," Rev. I. B.
Ecott. D.D., New Orleans, La. -
(15) "The Institutional Church," Rev. Ward
Beecher Pickard, D.D., Cleveland. Ohio.
(15) "The Men's Movement," Rev. Frederick
D. Leete, D.D., Rochester, N. Y.
ALHAMBRA THEATER— 9:00 A. M.
Chairman, Hon. Nathan Newby, Los Angeles,
-' California.
(15) Song service; Isaac E. Blake, musical
director. Devotions; Rev. J. D. Ellis, Decatur,
Ala.
. Addresses.
(IS) "The Church and , the ' Liquor ! Traffic,"
Rev. W. B. Palmore, D.D., St. Louis, Mo. -
(15) "The Church and the Worklngman,"
Rev. O. R. Turk, Toronto, Canada.
(15) "The Church and the Young Man," Rev.
C. E. Patillo^ D.D.. St. Louis, Mo. ' '
(IS) "The Church and the Newspaper," Rev.
E. E. Hoes, D.D.. Nashville, Tenn. . - --
(15) "Our Imr>erUed Sabbath," Rev. E. M.
Randall Jr., Seattle^ Wash.
(15) "The. Institutional Church," Rev. Mat
thias S. Kaufman. Ph.D.,- Fall River, Mass.'
12 m — Business Men's Meetings.:
(25) Palace Hotel court, led by B. L,' Paine,
M.D., Lincoln, Nebr.
(45) Chamber of Commerce, led , by Rev,
George D. Wolfe, -New Albany, Ind. .
MECHANICS 1 PAVILION— 2:30 p. m.
Forward Movements in the Church-
Chairman, Rev. B. B.. Scott, Vancouver.
B. C.
ALHAMBRA THEATER-7U5 P. M.
Civic Righteousness.
Chairman, Rev. Edmund M. Mills, D. "D.,
Elmira, N. Y. .... . -
(15) Songr service; Isaac B. Blake, musical
director. Devotions; Rev. W. A. Cooke, B. A.,
Cypress River, Manitoba.
Addresses. ¦
(20> "The Young Christian as a Citizen." Rev.
G. H. Cobbledick B. E>.; Bothwell, Ont., Can
ada. ..¦:¦•¦:.¦¦ .--:.¦
; (20) "The City and Its Perils," Rev. James
M. Buckley, D. D., LL.D., New York City.
(20) "The Problem of the Poor," Rev. J. J.
N. Kenney, Modesto, Cal. , *
(20) "Kill the Saloon," Rev. M. C. Hawks,
D. D., Detroit, Mich. •
_ METROPOLITAN TEMPLE— 7:45 P. M.
The Christ Life in the New Century.
Chairman, Rev. F. P. Culver, D. D., Tusca
loosa. Ala. \ . ¦ '
(15) Song service; J. M. Robinson, musical
director. Devotions; Rev. J. "W. Phelps, D. D.,
Reno, Nev.
(20) "In the Spirit Rather Than In the Let
ter," Rev. W. J. Smith, B. A., Toronto, Can
ada. • ¦»¦*»
(20) "In Practical Benevolence," Rev. Edward
M. Taylor, D. D., Cambridge. Mass.
(20) "In Social Relations." Rev. F. T.
Keeney, Auburn. N. Y. - f
(20) "In Literature," Professor Edwin Mims,
THIBD DAY.
Saturday, July 20, 6:30 a. m.
SUNRISE PRAYER MEETINGS.
(60) Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev.
George R. Stuart, P. D., Cleveland, Tenn. ;
(60) Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev.
R. D.- Hamilton, London, Ont., Canada. I
(60) Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church,
South, R. W. Ropiequet, Belleville^ IU.
(60) First Methodist. Episcopal Church. Oak
land, Rev. John F. Harmon, Mount Vernon, 111.
HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPISCO
- / . PAL CHURCH— 9:00 A. M.
V. - Junior League Conference.
Chairman, Rev. T. Albert Moore,- Hamilton,
Ont.. Canada. • '.
(15) Bong service; J.J. Morris, musical -dl
rpctor. Devotions; Mrs. Fannie B. Poorman,
Sacramento, ¦ Cal. • • ' - . i
: ¦. ¦¦ •• ¦ ¦¦ " -¦*; Addresses. ¦ -•••.•'
(10) "The Devotional Meeting,'.' Mrs. Annie
Hobbs Woodcock,' Aurora, Neb.. . '
(10) "The Use of the Blackboard," Rev.. Joel
T. Daves. .Athens, Ga. . ...
(10) "A reading. Course, for juniors." Mrs.
Annie E. Smll»y, Lowell, Mass.
(30) "Round Table Conference, 1 " Rev. S. T.
Bartlett, Napanee, Ont.,. Canada. " •
'ALHAMBRA THEATER— ?. A. ' M.
Practical Methods of Work — Literary and Spir
:' '' ' ! • ltual Departments. ' - > '
Chairman, • Professor R. S. Copeland, M. D.,
Ann Arbor, Mich. • ' '
(15) Son$; service, 0/ M. Vesper.' musical di
rector. • D«VQtlons, I* J. Price, Atlanta, -Ga. : .
" ¦ ¦'-. Addresses. ¦ • -. • •-,
(10) "Does the • Literary ¦ Department- Pay?"
Rev. S. B. Turrentlne, D.D., Greensboro, N. C.
(10) "The Reading Course and How to Intro-
FIRST DAY.
Thursday, July 18, 11 a. m.
Celebration of the Lord's eupper in First
Congregational Church, led by Bishop Isaac W
Joyce, LL.D.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, led by
Key. John J. Tierert. D.D.. Nashville. Tenn.
Howard-street Mfthodist Episcopal Church,
led by Rev. A. C. Crews. Toronto, Canada.
MECHANICS 1 PAVILIOX-2:30 P. M.
Chairman, Rev. Thomas Filben D.D Pa
cific Grove. Oil
<10) Song service: Mr. Robert Husband ir.u
eical director; devotions; Kev. Judson S ' Hill.
D.D., Morriftown. Tenn.
Addresses of Welcome
On behalf of the State, the Governor. Hon.
Henry T. Gs.gr.
On behalf of the city, the Mayor. Hon. James
D. Pheian.
On behalf of California Methodism. Bishop
oohn W. Hamilton, D.D.. LL.D., San Fran
cisco, Cal.; Rev. J. C. Simmons, D.D., Wood
land, Cal.
On behalf of the MethodTst' Episcopal Church.
Bishop I. W. Joyce. D.D.. LL.D., Minneapolis
Minn.
On behalf of th» Methodist Episcopal Church
South, Rev. H. M. Du Bose, D.D. Nashville
Tenn.
On behalf of the Methodist Episcopal Church
of Canada, Rev. James Henderson, D D., To
ronto. Canada.
On behalf of the Colored Methodiet Episcopal
Church. Bishop L. H. Holsev, D.D. Atlanta
Ob..
MECHANICS' PAVILION-7:45 P. M.
Chairman. Rolla V. Watt, San Francisco Cal
(15) Song service; Mr. J. J. Morris, musical
director; devotions; Rev. H. M. McKnight
Los Angeles. Cal.
Addresres.
(25) "Young People's Movement In the Nine
teenth Century." Rev. Charles Bayard
Mitchell^ D.D.. Minneapolis, Minn
CSS) '¦Toung People's Movement in tl e Twen
tieth Century." Rev. G. W. Kerby. B.A.. Mon
treal. Canada.
<25) "Methodism of the Twentieth Century/'
T. B. Hutchinson, Napa, Cal.
ALHAMBRA THEATER—7:45 P. M. ,
Chairman, Rev. A. C. Crews, Toronto, Can
ada.
(15) Song sen-ice; Mr. W. C. Stadtfeld, mu
cical director; devotions; Rev. P. A, Cool, D.D.
Spokane, Wash.
Addresses.
<2S) "Young People'* Movement In the Nine
teenth Century," Rev. Alonzo Monk, D.D.,
Knoxvllle. Tenn.
(2L) "Young People's Movement in the Twen
tieth Century." Rev. Matt S. Hughes, D.D..
Kansas City. Mo.
25) "Methodism of the Twentieth Century."
Rev. E. E. Scott, Vancouver. B. C.
METROPOLITAN* TEMPLE-7:45 P. M.
Chairman, Re\'. T. N. Ivey. D.D., Raleigh,
V. C.
(IB) Soog «ervlce: Mr. I*aac E. -Blake, mu
sical director; devotions; Rev. G. H. Cobble
tlcX, BJ5.. BothwelL Ontario, Canada,
OFFICIAL PROGRAMME OF THE EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION.
Miss M. E. Vaughn, Miss Clara Walton; Miss
Minnie "Walton and A. L. Walker.
The headquarters of the committee at
the Pavilion was silent as the grave for
the greater part of yesterday. • During the
afternoon the silence was agreeably
broken by Organist Skeele, who spent two
hours in practice on the magnificent Stan
ford organ. Professor Skeele tested the
instrument in every way known to the ex
pert, and at the conclusion of operations
pronounced it perfect.
The demand for seats for the organ con
cert, which takes place to-morrow even
ing, is enormous. The sale of .reserved
| SOME HEMBER5 OF THE LOCAL EPWORTH LEAGUE COMMITTEES WHO ARE BUSY PEOPLE AT PRESENT.
THE thousands of Epworth League
delegates now In the city in ad
vance of the main army, which is
due to arrive in the city to-mor
row, observed the Sabbath yester
day In a manner befitting the
tenets of the noble organization
to which they have sworn allegiance, by
attending divine services In the various
local Methodist Episcopal churches. It
¦was a day of recreation for the hard
worked members of the various sub-com
mittees, and with a few exceptions the
assistants of the general committee rested
from their labors to gather strength for
the arduous trials which will confront
them from now until the close of the con
vention.
Two trains arrived from the East yes
terday, one Just before noon and the
other last evening. Both were crowded
¦with Leaguers, and all were greeted by
the Berkeley section of the Oakland re
ception committee at Sixteenth street and
escorted to this city. It is estimated that
nearly 200 Leaguers were in the party to
arrive yesterday. Owing to the fact that
the members of the entertainment com
mittee were not on duty, the visitors were
directed to the various hotels, where they
Trill remain until other provisions
their comfort or convenience can be ar
ranged for.
As foretold by The Call yesterday, the
arrivals were very light. The report was
current that a dozen trains were to ar
rive, and the result was that hundreds
of people gathered at the ferry in ex
pectation of meeting friends. The failure
of the latter to materialize proved a tore
disappointment to many.
On "Watc3x at the Ferry.
The members of the reception committee
¦who were on duty at the ferry yesterday
were the following named:
Mrs. J. E. Angrtrtn, William E. Ashland,
Mrs. Albert Boscow, Albert Bcscow, C. L.
Carlson. Dr. J. Emmet Clark, Mrs. W. M.
GrIIley. Miss C. Disney, Miss D. B. Dlxon.
Miss May S. Dinsmore, Miss Clara Doolittle,
Mrs. Mamie Gorsuch, Walter L. Groom, Mrs.
"W. C. Halsey. Miss Dell Jewell, E. E. Keyes,
Allan P. Matthews, A. G. Meyers. Miss Mabel
Moody, Miss Olive Moody. P. A. Jfeedham.
B. N. Newman, Miss Allen Prather, J. B.
Bitchey. Stanley H. Rich. Miss Catharine Skin
ner, Miss Sadie Smith, Miss Alma E. Stock
•weU, A. E. Thompson, Mies A. A. Thompson.
Miss M. E. Vaughn, Miss Sarah Willard, Miss
Faith E. Bowen. John G. Buswell, M!es Edith
Collier, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dyer. Edward J.
Finkeldey, Al B. Foster. MiEs EfSe Lough
bridee end Mrs. Ella E. Mitchell.
The committee to serve at the ferry to
day includes the following named:
¦W. & Anrwln, Miss Alda A. Adams, Miss
Veda H. Adams. William E. Ashland, Mrs.
Delia Bolles, Miss Faith Bowen, C. L. Carl
son, Miss Anna B. Cannon, Miss Vivienne
Clark. Dr. T. Emmet Clark, Miss Lida Cod
«incton. Mrs. W. M. Grilley. Miss B. B. Dixon.
MIs» Clara Dooiittle, Mrs. Fay Donaldson, Mrs".
Doty. Miss May I. Dunsmore, Edward J. Fin
keldey. AI B. Foster. Mrs. Mamie Gorsuch.
"Walter D. Grooms, H. F. Harrington. Mrs.
W. C. Halsey. Miss Dell Jewell. Miss Louise
A. Ldnseott, Miss Alice Mara, A. G. Meyers.
P. A. Needham, B. N. Xewman, Miss Laura
Koeman. Miss Clara Xoeman, Mrs. J. E. Platt,
Stanley H. Rich, J. B. Ritchey, Miss Sadie
Emith, MIes Grace Sephton, Miss Annabel
Skinner. Miss Elizabeth Skinner, Miss Cather
ine Skinner. Miss Tillie Skinner, Miss Alma E.
Stockwell, Miss Minerva V. Skinner, C. R.
Etreet, A. H. Trathpen, Miss M. A. Thompson,
President McKinley to Send
Greeting to the Convention
at Opening Next Thursday
Strangers Warmly Welcomed
at the Ferry by Members
of Local Epworth League
Many More Leaguers Arrive
to Swell the Big Throng
Already Gathered in City
COMMITTEE
HAS HAPPY
REST DAY
THOUSANDS
OF TRUNKS
IN SHEDS
Railway Companies Prepared
to Handle Baggage at the
* Ferries Without Confusion
No Effort to Be Spared to
Promote Comfort of Many
Thousands Who Will Come
Crush Attending Important
Gatherings in Times Fast
Will Be Avoided This Year
? '. :'¦ • \.
fcfvr-4 HE trunks and belopgings of the
-• B visiting members of the Epworth
g League arc arriving on aearly
| every train. In order to handle
J| them the Southern Pacific Cora
• "^^ pany has moved Its river steam
ers and freight ferry boats to
Washington-street wharf and the pier for
merly used by those vessels has been
turned into a receiving shed for trafJcg
only. All the small baggage and parcels
are handled in the ferry building nnd
everything is systematized so that th^re
willbe no trouble nor confusion when the
rush comes.
The railroad company Is using two re
lays of baggage handlers. One gang «oej
on at 7 a. m. and works to 7 p. m.. wlieii
the njght gang goes on and holds the fort
until breakfast time. The night men nave
a little the best of it, as the last boat gota
in about 12:30 a. m- and after that they
have a comaaratlvely ea3y time of it.
In the trunk shed more than a thousand
packages are/ already piled up awaitlnz
owners. They are segregated In alpha
betical orde^r, but in no one d4yia.ion is
there m.orp than 100 trunks. " \ >
The structure in which, the trunks are
stored is lighted with more t}ian 200 in
candescent lights and at night, when the
men are at work the place is illuminated
like a fairy palace.
Monday and Tuesday nights the bag
gage handlers expect a hot time of it and
all of them are saving up their strength
for the occasion. ¦ ;
seats will be resumed with limitations to
day, however. Thousands of the Incoming 1
Leaguers have expressed their earnest
desire to attend the concert, and the com
mittee has decided to make suitable provi
sions toward that end.
There w}H be a rehearsal of the chorus
at the Pavilion this evening. Chairman
Husband of the music committee an
nounces that none but the members of the
chorus will be admitted. This may be a
source of inconvenience to the ladies, who
have heretofore attended the rehearsal3
with escorts, but the executive order in
necessary, says- Mr. Husband, In ordaC
that the best results may be attained. Tha
final rehearsal of the chorus takes placs
to-morrow afternoon.
President Will Press Button
it is now definitely known that President
MeKjr-ley will not only press the electric
button by which the great Stanford orgran
will peal forth its silver notes to herald
the opening of the Epworth League con
vention Tuesday evening, but that he wili
send a characteristic greeting to the con
vention, which will be read to the gathered
Leaguers amid the warm applause of
thousands of visitors from all parts of the
United States.
A few days ago Rev. Thomas Filben,
chairman of the general committee, sent
the following telegram to the President:
President William McKinley. 'Washington:
The general committee of tha Epworth League
Convention, 1901. request that you press ths
electric button striking opening- note at the
Stanford organ concert Tuesday evening.
THOMAS FILBEN, Chalrrnan, ,
While awaitins a reply Rev. Mr. Filben
proceeded to complete the necessary. ai»'
EPWORTH LEAGUE VISITORS OBSERVE SABBATH
APPROPRIATELY BY ATTENDANCE AT SERVICES
IN LEADING METHODIST HOUSES OF WORSHIP
THE SAN ifEANClSCO ' CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901.
' Continued on Pag© Eive.
tor.'. Devotions; Rev. Lewis Powell, Nashville,
Tenn. .
Sermon. Bishop I. W. Joyce, D.D., LL.D.,
Minneapolis, Minn.
METROPOLITAN, TEMPLE— 3:00 P. M.
Son? service; O. M. Vesper, musical dlr»e«"
tor. Devotions' Rev. H. C. Jennings, D.D., :
Cincinnati, Onto.
Sermon. Rev. E. E. Hoss, D.D., LL.D..
Nashville, Tenn.
HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPISCO
¦.'!'¦ r.Z PAL CHURCH— 3:C0 P. M.
< . sj ¦• ••-.*. German- American Rally.
; Chairman.. H. A. Schroetter. Covlngton. Ky.
; Devotions; Rev. George Guth, San Francisco,
; Address, H. A. Salzer, La Crosse, Wis.
Address, Rev. E. S. Havighorst, D.D., Mount
Pleasant,- Iowa.
CLOSING MEETINGS.
MECHANICS PAVILION— 7:45 P. M.
¦ ' Chairman. C. A. Goss. Omaha. Nebr.
(15) Song service; Robert Husband, musical
director. Devotions; Rev. W. W. Case. D.D.,
San Francisco. Cal.
(30) Address. Rev. W. A. Quayle, D.D., In
dianapolis. Ind.
(30) Address. Rev. E. S. Rowe. Victoria.
B. C.
(00) Farewell consecration service. Rev. C
M. Boswell, D.D.. Philadelphia, Pa.
ALHAMBRA THEATER— 7:45 P. M.
Chairman. Rev. W. H. Withrow, D.D.. Xo
- •- . ronto, Canada.
(15) Song service; J. M. Robinson,, musical
director. Devotions; Rev. J. N. Beard, D.D.,
San Francisco, Cal. v ' ¦'
(30) Address. Rev. Alonzo Monk. D.D., Knox
vUle, Tenn. ¦
(30) Addresa. Rev. "W. F. Anderson, D.D
Osslnninr. N. Y. ¦ ',
(30) Farewell consecration lervice. Rev V? '¦
A. Spencer. D.D.. Philadelphia. Pa.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE— 7:45 P. M.
Chairman. Rev. W. H. Barraclough, Victoria.
(E) Sons service: J. J. Morris, musical direc
tor. Devotions; Rev. R. P. Wilson, DD San
Francisco, Cal. ¦¦¦¦.: ''
' (30) Address, Rev. "W. P. Thlrkield. D D
Cincinnati, Ohio. " ''
(30) Address, Rev. W. J. 'Young, D.D, Lynch
burg, Va. . *
(30) Farewell consecration service, . Rer " Ed« '
ward'S^Nlnds. Ann Arbor. Mich. -' -, r . * .
FIRST XTNITED. • PRESBTTERIAN-CHURCH' 
' , 3 .* ** ' ' ¦" I'. ~~ 7:45 P..-.M. * -7 . ¦¦ „ v,. - -
Chairman, Rev. >C." L.. Mead.' Hoboken' N "i : '
- (15) Sang -service; W. C. Stadtfeld - mus'leai
d Irector.' Devotions ; Rev. • J. , M. - Bareus D D
Cleburne; Texa.3. ' ' - > ••¦¦"• " u -.
(30) Address, ' "The New . Methodism,". -• Rev "
H. AX Puchter, I>.D., Denver, Col6 v 'T'v -S'VV'
(30) Address, Rev. J. - L.- Batty, : Halifax'
Nova Scdtia. .' "•' " ' '' -. * - . - r • -,-, ¦;'¦.
(3Q> yar«Well consecration service" Rev. -Ad-'
pleton Bash.. Ph.D., B,eav^r. ,Pa. '¦
NOTE— Figures ' in parenthesis " dtnote the
number of minutes allotted Tor the address oX
duce It," Rev. J. Wellington Frizzelle, Rock
Island, in.
(30) "Round Table Conference. Literary De
partment," Rev. R. F, Eakes, Atlanta. Ga.
(10) "The League. De\-otlonal Meeting." Rev.
Arthur H. DeLong, La Porte, Ind. ..«
(10) "The Preparation of Leaders," Rev. W.
A. Barraclough, Victoria, B. C. * • ¦-
(20) "Round Table Conference. Spiritual De- ¦
partment," C. B. Nordeman, Louisville. Ky.
MISSIONARY EXHIBIT ROOM, MECHAN
ICS' PAVILIQN-9 A, M.
Miscicnary Workers' Conference.
- Addresses.
"How to Make the Epworth League a Mis
sionary Force," B. Earl Taylor, Chicago, I1L
"The Missionary Committee of the Epworth
League," C. V. Vlckrey. Chicago. 111.
"Missionary Meetings," Rev. P. L. Cobb,
Nashville.. Tenn.
"The Missionary Library," W. W. Cooper, 1
Kenosha, Wis. ,
"The Missionary Study Course," Clyde Jack,
Fort Worth, Tex.
"Scriptural Habits of Giving," F. C. Steph
enson, M. D., Toronto, Canada.
"The Bible and Missions," E. T. Colton, Chl^
eago. 111. • ¦
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE-9 A. M.
Social and Mercy and Help Departments.
Chairman. Rev. C. T. Scott, B.A., Aylmer.
Ont.. Canada. -.. . • . • • -
' (15) Song service,. Robert Husband, musical'
director; Devotions, .Rev. R. A. Carter,' At
lanta, Ga.
Addresses. ¦ '• ¦
(10) "The Social Atmosphere of the Church,"
Bennett E. Titus, Syracuse. N. Y. ' '
(10) "What Can the Social Department Do to
Help a Revival ?'.' Rev. J, : A. Burrow, D.D.,
Nashville; Tenn.
(10) "House-to-House Visitation," Rev. Hor
ace L. Jacobs, Altoona, Pa.
(SO) "Round Table Conference, Social, Depart
ment," Rev. C. O. Jones, D.D., Bristol, Va.
. (10) "The League Membership— How to Hold
Old Members.'. 1 Rev. W. W. - Baer, Nanaimo.
B. C. .. ' '-.-. • ¦ - •
(10) "The League Membership — How to Se
cure New Members," Rev. C. H. Phillips, D.D.,
Jackson, Mich.. ; . ¦ • '
(10) "Hospital and Prison Work," Rev. S. B.
Campbell, D. D., St. Joseph, Ma. , . .
(30) "Round Table Conference— Mercy . and
Help Department," Rev.. J. L. Batty, Halifax,
• Nova Scotia.. . v • .
CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
' CHURCH— 9 A. M.
¦ Chapter Officers' ' Conference.
Chairman, E. M. 'Wheeler. Providence, R. I.
I (15) Song service, W. C. Stadtfeld, musical
director. Devotions, Rev. S. H. C. Burgin,
•Butte, Mont, . . \ :
'¦-¦¦• • . - - Addresses. . .
I (10) "The President," Rev. W. F. Lloyd."
D.D... LouisvtUe, Ky. ¦• .; •. • . •
(10) "The Secretary," George E. Dougherty,
Topeka,- Kah. • •¦
(10) "Tha Cabinet or Council Meeting,".' Rev.
C. ' L. Nye, Creston, Iowa.. ' • ..
-(10) '"The Business 1 Meeting." C. S. Keith,'
New Westminster, B.C I
(60) "Round Table Conference;*' Robert Rem
lneton Doherty. Ph.D.. Jersey City. ; N. J. y
Business Men's Meeting's— 12 m.
(25) Palace Hotel court, led by Re\*. George
R. Stuart. Cleveland Tenn.
(45) Chamber of Commerce, led by Willis W.
Cooper, Kencsha, Wis.
SATURDAY-1? M--QPEX-AIR MEETINGS.
CITY HALL. SQUARE— Chairman. George W.
Penniman. Clinton. Mass.: son; service;
J. M. Robinson, director*, address. Rev. T. E.
B. Shore. M.A.. B.D.. Toronto, Canada. ¦
VAN NESS AVENUE, between McAllister
street and Golden Gate avenue— Chairman. L.
J. Norton, Napa, Cal. ; song service; J. J,
Morris, director; address. Rev. J. M. Buckley,
D.D.. LL.D.. New York City. ••
VAN NESS- AVENUE, between Fell and
Hayes streets— Chairman, Harry, Morton. San
Jose, Cal.; song service; Isaac E. Blake,
director; address. Rev. T. Alonzo Monk, D.D.,
Knoxvllle. Tcnn. - .
MECHANICS* PAVILION— 2:30 P. M.
Grand Junior Rally.
GOLDEN GATE PARK (New Music Stand)-,
. . 2:30 P. M. *
Grand complimentary band concert tendered
by the Park Commissioner*. . .
CENTRAL. METHODIST EPISCOPAL
• CHURCH-Evenlng.
Conference of Missionary Workers.
7:30 o'clock — Addresses by E. T. Colton. Rev.-
P. L. Cobb. W. W. Cooper. F. C. Stephenson,
M.- D., S. Earl Taylor and others. . -. .- _
'FOURTH DAY.
Love Feast Services.
California-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
Rev.- C. N. Dawson, Omaha, Nebr.
, Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church South,
David D. Thompson. Chicago. 111.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev. A.
G. Johnson. Chicago, 111.
First Methodist Episcopal Church. , Rev. J.
.W. Newman, D.D., Talladega, Ala.
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, W. W.
Cooper, Kenosha. Wis.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
Rev. Edwin Lock*. D.D., Hoi ton. Kans. •
Potrero Methodist Episcopal Church, Rer.
George B. Addicks,. D.D.. Warrenton. Mo.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, Rev. Ellas S. Osborn, D.D.,New York
City.
. Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church, Rev.
John L. Pltner, D.D., Los Angeles. Cal.
First Methodist, Episcopal Church, Oakland
Rev. W. P. Leek. Green Bay. Wis.
11 a. m.— Preaching In all the churches. (See
appointments after programme.)
ALHAMBRA THEATER— 3 P.'M.
Children's Mass-meeting.
Chairman, Rev. Merrlck E. Ketcham, Xenia
Ohio. ....
(15) Songr service; Mr. J. J. Morris, musical
director; devotions'; Rev. 9-. T. Bartlett. ¦ Napa
nee, Ontario, Canada. > , ¦
: (15) Address/ Miss H. ;H. Beason,' Washing
ton,- D. C. > •* . ¦
(15) Address. Rev." J. W. Churchill, Cold
water, Ontario, Canada.
. (15) Address. Rev. Cv O. Jones. D.D.,' Bris
tol, Vs£. . . •¦ ; ¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦• . •
MECHANICS' PA VILION-3:M P. M.
Song service; Isaac E. Blake, musical dlrec-
4MEMBERS OP THE ACCOMMODATIONS COMMITTEE THAT HAVE IN
CHARGE THE PROVIDING OF QUARTERS FOR THE THOUSANDS THAT
WILL ATTEND THE ADMISSION DAY CELEBRATION IN SAN JOSE.
Continued From 'Page Four.
EPWORTH LEAGUE VISITORS OBSERVE SABBATH BY ATTENDING CHURCHES
committees from Hesperian No. 137 and
Dolores No. 298 of San Francisco, Alameda
No. 47 of Alameda and Piedmont No. 120
of Oakland. Othep parlors Will establish
in the next few days.
; fairs has received assurances from a score
of parlors that they will be here to join
in the festivities. A programme to cover
the three days of the celebration Is being
arranged. Some special features are to
SAN JOSE, July 14.— The prepara
tions now under way. for the Ad
mission day celebration promise
to make it the greatest event of
the kind in this State. Besides the
thousands cf Native Sons and Daughters
who are ccmlng it is believed the coast
overland trains will by that time be run
ning and many Eastern tourists will be
here.
This has given great zeal to the promo
tors, and the business men are taking
greater Interest than could otherwise have
been aroused. Subscriptions are being
made liberally and the amount raised for
the entertainment of the visiting parlors
will exceed $«KW.
The general committee in charge of af-
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 14.— All yester
day and all last night and during to-day
trains came rolling in frdm the East, un
loading hundreds of I Epworth Leaguers
who are en route to their annual conven
tion to be held in San Francisco.' Up to
noon it was estimated that 20.000 visitors
had arrived. The majority of them I will
remain over until to-morrow, - although
many of them will resume their journey
to-night The visitors spent the day at
tending divine services, visiting the vari
ous points of interest in and around the
city and attending the two organ recitals
". "ft . - ~^ * ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦. - '¦ ¦
ing at Theater.
Young People Hold Great Mass Meet-
LEAGUERS AT SALT LAKE.
Among those robbed are Dr. J. H. Wil
son, wife and daughter, and Mrs. H. < R.
Harrington of Dover, Del. Dr. . Wilson's
wallet, containing tickets for the party,
drafts on San 'Francisco banks and bag
gage checks, was stolen in the crush at
the depot in Colorado Springs.
Major S. K. Hooper, general passenger
agent of the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road, authorized the Glenwood Springs
agent to furnish passes to Ogden to those
of the stranded passengers who desired
to continue their journey West.
In at least ten instances thieves secured
even their victims' trunks on the stolen
baggage checks.
GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Col., July 14.—
The thoroughly organized gang of pick
pockets operating at Colorado Springs Is
responsible for a party of about twenty
Epworth Leaguers becoming stranded here.
Men and women alike have been robbed,
not only of every cent they had with them
but of railroad tickets as well, and unless
the railroads will issue tickets back home
on their proof of having purchased and
paid for rides to San Francisco and back
the members of the. party will be com
pelled to ask aid from the county authori
ties.
and Tickets.
"The proof that there is a God cannot
be adduced of the kind that men adduce
of other things. Nature is silent when
asked to explain whence things came,
when they began, how the soul and body
are united in man, why he was made,
whither he goes, if anywhere, when he
dies. The world has long struggled with
these questions. Some say there is no
.God; most people say there are many
gods, and many believe all is God.
"When St. Paul went to Athens he
found idols for every known god, and if
through ignorance the Athenians omitted
any god they set up a tribute to the 'un
known god.' So much as could be known
of him St. Paul undertook to reveal.
"Without the belief of a personal God
there is no adequate restraint in human
passions. The mere belief in the being of
God will not suffice. He must' be felt and
made the rule of life. Man finds. a spring
of consolation In the hope of immortality.
When I preached on Mars Hill the most
impressive thought that came to me was
that St. Paul went there unknown, and
now his doctrines are followed by all the
nations of Europe except Turkey.
"Christians worship an unknown but not
unfelt God. Ho is unknown because the
finite cannot comprehend the Infinite. Su
perstition springs up at the very threshold
of the church. Christian science and the
anti-medicine faith-healing the church is
not ready to accept. Sometimes the min
istry, is too high up for the laity to reach.
The words of Christ are explicit: 'Ye are
the light of the world. Let your light so
shine that they may see your good works
and glorify your father which is in heav
en/ "' /¦ . fi . •
TWENTY LEAGTTEHS STRANDED.
Pickpockets Steal Wallet With Braf ts
In his sermon, "there was no beginning
and if there was no beginning there is no
God. Evolution is a hypothesis supported
by many recent conditions and processes
but however far back it is followed it
must be thrown away at last, for it denies
the being of a God. Darwin doubted th©
being of a personal God; Professor Agas
siz refused to accept evolution, and Pro
fessor Joseph Le Conte undertook to har
monize it with Christianity. The best that
man can do is to believe and feel there
is a God, -who preceded heaven and earth
and created them.
at Central M. E. Churchl
The Rev. Dr. James M. Buckley, editor
of the New York Christian Advocate,
preached the sermon at the Central Meth
odist Episcopal Church yesterday morn
ing. Dr. Buckley, who Is regarded as one
of the best orators in the Methodist
church, took for his subject the text "To
the Unknown God."
"If there was no God," said Dr. Buckley
The Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
delivered a stirring sermon to his congre
gation last night. He chose as his sub
ject, "If Christ Should Rule the Conven
tion," and his words sank deep into the
hearts of the many Epworth Leaguers
present. '
The church was prettily decorated with
the colors of the Epworth League. A red
and white message of welcome was
stretched across the church in front of
the pulpit, and on the railing which sur
lounded the choir stand beautifully, deco
rated letters formed the word "Califor
nia."
Dr. Bane in his sermon referred to the
great benefit which the presence of so
many wnose every effort tended toward
the spreading of Christianity would prove
to San Francisco. "The greatest gather
ing in all history," said Dr. Bane, "is
about to assemble in. this city. Because
of the possibilities that shall "flow out of
it and the truths that shall be spoken
from the platforms there will come a
great benediction to the people of this glo
rious State.
"The spirit of God shall speak wisdom
to these gathered hosts. The tread of a
new and mighty army shall be heard at
the close of this convention. These young
people will go back into the world pre
pared to spread the truths Into the dark
est of heathen lands, and wlllbe prepared
to remove the doubts existing in the
minds of those who are without faith.
This great convention is going to bring
the church Into closer touch with the sin
ful, sorrowing, suffering world. It Is go
ing to put a great body of young people
out into the world prepared to teach that
a day is not well spent unless some por
tion of it has been spent In communion
with the spirit which will rule the conven
tion.
"It will show to the world 50,000 young
people who are living the life that they
profess."
"TTNKNOWK" GOD" HIS THEME
Eev. Dr. James M. Buckley Preaches
Will Teach.
Pastor Bane Tells of Truths Lreagruers
BENEFITS OP CONVENTION".
><o answer having been received up to
noon on Saturday. Rev. Mr. Pilben wired
to Mr. Cortelyou, the President's secre
tary. That gentleman was heard from
yesterday in a brief telegram announcing
that the President would be pleased to
send his greetings to the thousands of
Leaguers now assembling in the city. The
dispatch bore no reference to the request
to press the electrical button at the White
House, and, fearing that the spirit of his
telegram had been misunderstood. Rev.
Mr. Kilben wired again. A definite reply
will doubtless be received this morning.
Rev. Mr. Filben states that the Presi
dent will unquestionably comply with his
request. The arrangements for this in
teresting event have all been completed.
Tuesday evening the line from this city
to Washington will be continuous, and
when the 12,000 Leaguers at the Pavlilon
are seated the President will be in the
White House in readiness to press the
button when the word is given. Electric
connection with the Stanford organ will
have been previously made, and when the
President presses the button, the opening
note of "America" will peal forth» to the
accompaniment of the chorus of 1500
voices. The President's greeting will then
be read.
America Will Peal Forth.
rangements with the telegraph company.
The Western Union Company officials
promised their cordial cooperation, so that
the proposed plan to have President Mc-
Kinley open the convention from his
apartments in the White House might be
carried out according to the committee's
design.
P'lTTSBURG, July 14.— Ffom pres
ent indications it appears proba
ble that President Schaffer's
strike order, Issued^ last night to
the Amalgamated Association
members in the employ of the American
Steel Hoop Company, the American Steel
Company and the American , Titl> Plate
Company, will be obeyed, and the great
struggle between the Amalgamated Asso
ciation and the steel companies will bs
on in earnest to-morrow. In the united
mills ; of . the three companies against
which a strike has been declared it Is pre
dicted that not a wheel will turn to-mor
row. An effort will be made to close some
of the non-union mills of the city, and
cripple the- rest. The Amalgamated peo
ple are sanguine of success^
i "The -strike was not of our own seek
ing," said President Schaffer to-day; "It
was forced upon us.' We were not con
tending . for wages, but for principle— for
self-preservation. The tin and sheet peo
ple will not be able to turn a single wheel
to-morrow. We - have • our forces thor
oughly organized and there will be some
surprises in. store.- The strike order will
be promptly obeyed by all our men/'
Pittsburg the Strike Center.
Developments to-day indicate that
Pittsburg is going to be a pretty lively
strike center. The most interest attaches
to the Painter mill, on the south side, and
to that of Lindsay & McCutcheon in Alle
gheny. Both mills are controlled by '.the
American Steel Hoop Company and have
hitherto been aggressively non-union, and
much depends upon the action taken by
the men in those plants. The employes
of both mills held open meetings to-day
and decided to strike to-morrow. These
mills employ 700 men.
However, W. Jenks, manager of the
American • Steel Hoop Company, said to
day that both mills would resume to-mor
row as .usual. The fight at the Painter
mill is to be made the fight of the strike.
Both sides will make stubborn resistance.
If the Amalgamated people can close this
mill they believe they will have. won the
greater part of the striked The mill is
not an important one, but the Steel Hoop
Company has for years succeeded in
thwarting the efforts made to unionize it.
President Schaffer was asked to-day if
he had set a time when, no settlement
having been effected, he would extend the
strike to all the subsidiary steel compa
nies of the United States Steel . Corpora
tion. He said he must decline to make
his plans known at present. It -may t be
said, however, on the strength of reliable
Information, that the strike within its
present limits- is intended merely as a
show of strength.
At the conference last week the repre
sentatives of the steel corporation were
repeatedly - warned that the association
was much stronger than they knew. They
were told of the organization of mills of
which they had no knowledge. But the
steel men would not believe that the asso
ciation was as strong as it was claimed
to be.- ; ;
Preliminary Test of Strength.
Thus, It is believed, the purpose is to
show its strength by confining the strike
to three companies. When . the show of
strength has been made, whatever it may
prove, the association expects the com
panies to ask for another conference. If
the companies show no Inclination to
make a settlement, the strike will be ex
tended to three more companies. If the
trust will not 'yield then, the strike will
be extended to such Independent compa
nies as sell their finished products or raw
materials to companies to which a strike
has been declared. Should the strike at
tain such proportions it would be likely to
go still further. „ -¦
The Amalgamated Association and the
Federation of Labor two years ago form
ed a secret alliance, It Is claimed, when It
was agreed that the organization when
on.strike could also call out the steel men
of the federation. The latter organiza
tion has organizations In 'many mills
whose workmen are not eligible to mem
bership in the association.
' In the course of a statement late to
night President Shaffer said: _ -_
• "With the 74,000 men affected by the
original order calling out the sheet steel,
steel hoop and tin workers, this last gen
eral order will increase the number to
more than 150.000 and will involve the Fed
eral Steel Company, the. National Steel
Company and the National Tube Com
pany." ¦- " - r
BOTH SIDES BEQP-ET BBEAK.
President Shaffer Says There Was No
Other Course to Pursue.
PITTSBURG. July 14.— In describing the
conclusion of the conference In. the Hotel
Lincoln on Saturday afternoon, President
Shaffer said that after the final proposition
of the manufacturers had been taken up
and dlscuBsed there was a painful silence
for about five minutes. The workers
.waited for some further remark on the
part of the manufacturers and the latter
appeared to be waiting for a remark from
the -workers. Finally one of the manu
facturers' committee broke the silence by
saying:
"Well, I euess there is no further use
In waiting for other , developments. -The
men. have nothing to- offer and the manu
facturers have gone as far as they can in
justice to themselves." .
President Shatter replied that he ac
corded with this, view. If the manufac
turers had no other proposition to offer it
was useless to remain. Each side arose
to leave. . ¦ ' .
"Warner Arms, president of the Amer
ican Steel Hoop Company, said to-night:
"I am sorry that our friendly relations
in the past should have to be broken in
this way. We have done all In our power
to meet this trouble in an amicable man
ner With this breach once opened it must
be understood that the onus Is on the side
of the Amalgamated Association and the
public will understand this." c :
While keenly regretting the break in the
peaceful relations between the organiza
tion and the manufacturers, President
Shaffer said that there seemed no other
course to pursue. His offer to the hoop
company to reconstruct the scale for cot
ton tie and hoop . mills was one of the
most Important sacrifices that had ever
been offered by the association. He
doubted if the settlement could have been
made on that basis without a great deal
of trouble, but the committee felt willing
to make this concession to preserve peace.
Willis Li. King, vice chairman of the
board of managers of Jones & Laughlin,
an independent corporation, did not hesi
tate to say, when approached to-day, that
the inability of the conferees to agree was
a most unfortunate condition and meant
an Immense loss, not only to all concerned
but to the country generally.
"A claim for ' increased wages by the
workingmen," he said. "Is a compara
tively easy thing . to arbitrate,- for both
sides will make some concessions, but
where there Is a principle concerned, as
there is In this case, and I take the news
papers as the authority for it, then it
reaches a point where arbirtatlon is Im
possible, and either one side or the other
must acknowledge defeat by surrender
ing." ' ¦ ¦ - ' : ' .;„ ¦¦
In answer to a auestion Mr. King said:
"Should the fight become very bitter and
be Ion)? 'drawn out I can see no earthlv
hope of the workinemen winnintr. They
could cause much trouble, but I, do not
think they could ever come out victor
ious." .
AWAIT ACTION OF OTHERS.
Employes of the Humbert Plant Will
Not Take Initiative.
CONNELLSVILLB. Pa., July 14.— The
employes of the Humbert plant of the
American Tin Plate Company, at Connells-;
ville are hanging in the',balance to-night.
They are waiting for the other tin plate
mills to take the initiative. The Humbert
mills are non-union.
At Greenville 700 men will be affected
by the strike, and the- majority favor
holding out to the end.- / ¦
At New Kensington the members of the
Amalgamated Association, employed In
the Pittsburg and Pennsylvania plants. of
the American Tin Plate Company, will
not resume work, to-morrow. > \ The men
declare that they are in better shape to
withstand a long fight than ever before,
and no matter what demands their lead
ers . may make. ;, they; will be approved ; by
the ' workers "» here, for they will stand ; as
be introduced. Commencing on the 7th
there will not be a dull moment until after
the close of the 9th. There will be barbe
cues, banquets . and balls, interspersed
with bicycle races, baseball games and all
kinds of athletic sports, and the badge of
a Native Son or Daughter will procure
open sesame to the city's hospitality.
It rs difficult to estimate at this time
the number who will be the guests of San
Jose during the celebration. The San
Francisco and Alameda County parlors
have informed the local committee that it
may expect 10,000 from those, two coun
ties' alone. With those who will come
from districts south and east of San Jose
the local committee will have to arrange
for the entertainment of from twelve to
fifteen thousand guests. The accommoda
tions: committee expects no trouble, as
the hotel service is better than ever and
the niaber of rooms in the residence por
tion 01 the city larger than before. The
only fear that Chairman Koppel and
Messrs. Levy and Amldon of the commit
tee have had is that a sufficient number
of halls would not be available for parlor
headquarters. The committee has listed
and rated enough halls so that no fear
need be felt on this score now.
E>uringr the week a number of parlors
had representatives in the field looking
for headquarters. Among these . were
Thousands of Enthusiastic Delegates From All the Parlors of the
Order in California Will Attend the Great Celebration in
the Garden City on Admission Day in Next September
a nnlt to obtain th« concessions demanded.
Should the strike be prolonged tt -will af
; feet about 950 mem.
WHEELS STOP Iff TWO TBILLS.
Notices Posted That national Steel
• . Plant Will Not Operate.
NEWCASTLE, Pa.; July 14.— Fully 4000
men will be affected in this city by tha
Amalgamated strike. Of these 2000 are
employed in the Shenango plant, and 1400
In the Greer plant of the American Tin
Plate Company and 600 at the steel plant
of the National Steel Company. The men
of the latter mill were not called out by
President Shaffer, but notices were posted
there to-day stating that the plant will
not be in operation.
Not one wheel will be turned In either
th» Greer or the Shenango tin mills, the
largest plants of the kind in the country.
The men are ready f«r a long strike, as
they have been pre«*?lns for this fight
for months.
STRIKERS ABANDON HOPE.
Cincinnati Machinists Will Vote by
Shops to Resume Work.
CINCINNATI. July 14.— The report yes
terday that the machinists' strike was
broken was confirmed to-day when the
men of the Fay-Hagen shops voted to go
to work to-morrow morning In a body.
The strike has not been declared off here,
but the strikers have decided to vote by
shops and in this way almost all have
arranged to resume to-morrow except
some smaller shops.
The strikers here deny the statement
of President James O'Connell that the
International Union has funds to con
tinue the contest.
MUSTERS WILL EXTEND AIT>.
Beady to Assist the Strikers in Fight
Against Steel Trust.
PITTSBURG, July ' 14.— The Post to
morrow will say: "Fifty thousand miners
employed in the many mines of the Pitts
burg district are willing to lay down
their picks, walk out of the the mines and
assist the Amalgamated Association of
Iron and Steel Workers In their fight
against the steel trust. Patrick Dolan,
district president of the "United Mine
Workers, is authority for this statemnt.
If necessary, the miners will Immediately
quit work.
Chicago Holder* "Will Strike.
CHICAGO, July 14.— Action taken to
night by the members of the Chicago
Iron Molders' Union will result to-morrow
in a general strike of the trade employes
in the foundries of Chicago and vicinity.
The employers' terms were rejected and
additional conditions demanded. Eighty
concerns and 1400 members of the union
will be affected.
SAN JOSK, July 14.— Epworth Leaguers
of this city will attend the convention to
be held in San; Francisco next week and
this host will take fully as many of thefr
friends with them., Every courtesy will
be shown the Eastern delegates who pass
through this city, while at the county
headquarters • at the convention visitors
will be treated to fruits and flowers. Be
sides, San Jose will contribute 200 trained
voices to the .great convention chorus. •
The San Jose Leaguers have organized
a bureau of registration. and Information
with - the following officers: . William S i
Grover, chairman; Dr. L. B. Smith and
A. M. Jeffress, directors; Miss Belle
Rucker, treasurer. : ,-..-¦:•.¦ ¦ , ,
Members will enter' all trains passing
through here and meet the delegates, who
will be given bouquets of flowers. July
25 will be San Jose, day and all the dele
gates are invited to .visit here. They will
be taken for a drive about- the valley and
feasted. At the various churches to-day
details for Santa. Clara' County's part in
the convention were discussed and per
fected. , The Cured. Fruit Association will
serve cooked prunes in a room adjoining
the convention . hall and all • the , delegates
will be shown the different ways of serv
ing this fruit.
Honor the Visiting Delegates.
The race, was a hot one from start to
finish and "Reno won. Kornmeyer of the
Reno team, rode the first relay against
Gates of the Garden City. On the third
mile Kornmeyer made a spurt and gained
an eighth of a mile on his opponent. .From
then on each and every Reno rider helped
to widen the gap, and at the finish Reno
was a little over a mile to the good.
Keddle, the crack finisher of the Reno
Wheelmen, beat Burton Downing out over
twenty feet. Jack. Wing of the Garden
City's made the best five miles In 12:10-
Hurt of Reno, the best mile, In 2:13. The
Reno Wheelmen still remain the cham
pions of the Pacific Coast, and have well
sustained the enviable reputation they
hold. ' ,
given in honor of. the Leaguers at the
Mormon Tabernacle.
The various churches were to-day filled
to overflowing af both morning and even
ing services, the pulpits being occupied
by visiting clergymen. The main event
of to-day's programme was the great
young people's mass meeting at the Salt
Lake Theater at'6:30 p. m. The building
was crowded almost to suffocation and
hundreds were unable to gain admittance
The principal speakers at this meeting
were Dr. C. . M. Boswell of Philadelphia
General Secretary C. A. Crews of the Ca
nadian Epworth .League, George ¦¦ EJ'
Dougherty, State secretary of the Kansas
League, and Mr. MacLichllter of Pitts
burg. . - ;
IXOWEHS FOR. j THE . LEAGTJEHS.
Santa Clara County People Will
RENO, July 14.— One of the most ex
citing fifty-mile relay races ever held on
the Pacific Coast was run this afternoon
on the State Agricultural Society's track
in thi3 city, .the rival teams being, the
Garden 'City team of San Jose, Cal., and
the Reno Wheelmen, the Pacific Coast
champions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Garden City Cyclers De
feated by the Ne
vada Men.
The experience and observations of the
Americans In China have broadened and
improved <he regiments which have re
turned to the Philippines.
RENO WHEELMEN
ARE WINNERS
Colonel Sumner of the- Sixth Cavalry
indorsed what General Chaffee said.: r He'
advocated-- the adoption et '¦ distinctive
parts of uniforms, thus associating the
men with their regiments.
MANILA, July 14.— General > Chaff ee,
addressing: the members of the Military
Order of the. Dragon at their first ban
quet, reviewed the foreign troops who
served in China. He praised General
Gaselee, the British commander, and
General Fukushima, . the Japanese com
mander. He also spoke highly of the dis
cipline of the Germans and the military
pride displayed by them. , He deplored
the Vundressiness" of the Americans and
exhorted the officers to employ good tail
ors, thus setting a good example for the
men.- .-.•..-¦ . . \. -,"y
dressiness" of the Americans.
General' Chaff ee .Deplores the "Un-
The Chinese officials are making elab
orate preparations to save the Emperor's
feelings when he re-enters Peking. All
evidence of the destruction wrought by
the war along the streets to .be traveled
by the Emperor will be temporarily dis
guised. Great pagodas will be erected.
The Chenmen gate, which was nearly de
molished by the bombardment, will be re
paired with woocL and plaster, painted to
resemble stone, and the 1 damage to the
walls and outer buildings will be similarly
masked. . ' . . . . r
LI Hung Chang has deferred the with
drawal of the foreign troops from the
temples and palaces to not later than
August 15. The Ministers of the powers
have acquiesced and have notified the va
rious commanders- of their decision.
m>
PRAISES THE FOREIGN" TROOPS.
Edgar A. Allen Pierce, an American
lawyer from Shanghai, started to-day for
Shansi with 16,000 taels of the Christian
fund for the relief of famine sufferers. A
Chinese patrol accompanied him, but it is
not considered sufficiently strong to pro
tect him should ho be attacked by rob
bers. • .
All public buildings not included in the
legation quarter will revert to the Chi
nese on August 20. The American guard,
which is now occupying the Temple of
Agriculture, will be required to camp In
the western hills for months, its barracks
not being completed.
- Major Robertson, commanding the
American guard here, has requested that
he be transferred elsewhere, preferably to
the Philippines.
Many officers expect that troubles in the
near future will necessitate the return of
foreign troops. . ..
Colonel Alexander of the Sixteenth Ben
gal Lancers is now ¦ In command of the
British troops in Peking. The Sixteenth
Bengal Lancers, the Seventh Rajputs and
the Welsh Fuslleers will leave about the
middle of August. Only 250 troops will be
left as a legation guard.
PEKING. July 14.— General Gaselee, who
commanded, the t British Indian, troops
here,. left. to-day en route for England by
way of Japan, Canada and the United
States. j| There ¦ was a special guard of
American, German, Italian and Japanese
troops at the station" and a number of Chi
nese police. The presence of the latter
was an unusual occurrence." ' Part of Gen
eral Gaselee's- staff will remain at Tien
tsin with General O'Moore Creagh, who
will succeed General Gaselee. The latter,
when he arrives In London, will make a
personal report on the military and polit
ical situation here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Foreign Officers Fear a Re
newal of the Boxer
Disturbances.
British Commander Be
gins Return Trip to
England.
GASELEE LEAVES
CHINA'S CAPITAL
NATIVES WILL TASTE OF SAN
JOSE'S UNBOUNDED HOSPITALITY
Employes of Three Plants Will Walk Out as a Preliminary
Show of 5trengfh;'and the Movement Will Soon Become
General; Unless Agreement Be Reached by Both Sides
WHEELS IN 5TEEL MILLS
WILL BE SILENT TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901.
5
APVKHTISEIfllLLorxiJL _-
Fels-Naptha saves the worst
half of wash-day.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.,
DENTISTRY
OIN
CREDIT.
All dental operations per-
formed by expert workmen at
lowest prices. Payment by
installments.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
San Francisco. 133 Powell St.
S VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT J
OF ANATOMY?
m ijJ.ijm_ >»¦_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted ff
V nEsfij q disease po»itlw«lyc«rod by the oldest T
9 155 S» I Specialist on the Coist Est 36 years. g
i jfttf g OR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
\ I^tsftS Consultation free and strictly private. \
m M 7f& H Treatment personally or by letter. A M
. Y C j r Tt H Positive Curt in every case undertaken. T
iM I A Write for Boole. PniLOROPnY of A
f • j Ml MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (AT
\ / ) valuable book for mro) \
r UK. JOBDAN AC©.. 1051 Market St., S. F. Y
DR.MEYERS&CO, jgli^
Specialists. Disease MBS§!%* ' p
and weakness of W^M ' )
men. Establls h © d- vBK*K» ___. ij-g '
18S1. Con sultation \Fy$ '**9$' v£?
and private book S^SliL * =^ ' »
free, at office or by *W$V
mall. Cureo guar- l^\'dSj^§W^
anteed. 731 Mar- . KWsIsJ^Ib
ket street (eleva- "sfirtiC*":! ' •
tor entrance), San jiKk^J^^^m *i
Francisco. '^s^-^^SiC 1^
OCTELA3T TxtA-VEI*
AMERICAN LINE, i
'AZVT TOBX. SOUTHAUPTON. LONDON. PASI8L
Stopping at Cherbourg, ¦westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul. August 7 St. Louis.. September 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
Philadelphia.. August 21 St. Paul Sept. 18
St. Paul ...August 28 St. Louis ..Sept. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Xork "Wednesdays at 12 noon. -
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..Augrust 14
Southwark July 31 "Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland ....August 28
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery et.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobo (Hlogo), Nagasaki, and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong vrlth steamers for
India, .etc. No cargo received on board on
day* of sailing. . ."
ES. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
. Wednesday, September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. ' >
. - - W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
TELephONE -fteSB SWTK^fc
GRANT 33. gg§ ffiM|J RW
' 222-224 SUTTER ST.
Just in — Fresh shipment of the
highest grades of all clear Havana
Key West Cigars "VELASQUEZ"
— in all sizes. We offer this -week
a small quantity Of "VELASQUEZ
FAVORITA," fancy shape, 4#
inches, SO in a box, at the reduced
price of $5.00.
special¥ductions
MORDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Batter, finest creamery, sqr35c
Regularly 40c. Butter la still advancing.
Tea, 10 different kinds, . Ib 40c
Onr high grade, 60c This sale repre-
sents all new teas of onr owa Importa-
tion.
"AUadio," %*£**"* each 25c
Th« Cheese President STeKlnley and
party used while here. "We are city
agents.
"Crown" Port and Sherry,
for this time only, 5 bots $1
Rsr. 50c The old and well-known
wine*.
Mellow Bye,
Re?. $l. 75c bottle. S bottles 82.00.
Keg. $4, $ 3.00 gallon.
Possesses tfte delicate bouquets of
high-grade blends of Eastern Ryes.
Cocktails, "Sunset" • qnart 85c
Eegr. 60c Dint, 5Oc.
Awarded the gold medal for purity at
Paris. Martini, ?Manhattan, Whisky,
Gin and Vermouth. Regularly $1. Minia-
tures. 10o each.
Paraffine Wax - - pound 15c
Regularly 20c. To cover your Jellies
and jams; clean and harmless.
Macaroni, imported - - pkg 121c
Reg. 15c. Also "Vermicelli and Spaghetti.
Gall Soap, German ¦ ¦¦ cake 20c
Regularly, 2Sc. Romoves grease and all
kinds of spots on silks or woolens with-
out injury.
Sponges, Sheep Wool - • -20c
Regularly 30c. Good quality. A full
line, from 5c up.
Chamois Skins - - - - 20c
Regularly 23c. Excellent quality. TVI11
not shrink or tear. UxlS inches.
Oliyes, black ripe Cal - qrt 25c
Regularly 35c. Our best quality.
COUNTRY- OBDESS SOLICITED.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
k Wharf, San Francisco:
taiii^-. For Alaskan port*— 11 a. m.,
!Sl«rB«. Jul y 15 - 20 > 25 - August •».
KfajRrxNrfr, Change to company's steaxn-
¦ KmrM^ era a * Seattle.
; §*8|!Si7l \3 1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i EsS«*fS»1 C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
t Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
an d Xe W -\Vhatcom fWash.)—
™ ** 11 a. m., July 15. 20. 23. 30.
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay — 1:30 p. m..
July 11, 16. ' 21. 26. 81. Aug. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar*
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
s-eles)— Steamer Santa. Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.;
Steamer Corona. "Wednesdays. 9 a. in.
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis ObUpo), Gavlota. Sa^ta Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Cooa Bay only) — Steamer
Coos Bay. Eatnrdays. 9 a. m. : Steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each,
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hoars of sailing
without previous notice.
TICK FT OFFICR — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALlv PERKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st, San Francisco.
O. R. Si N. CO.
Only Stenmxhlp Xilne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshlo and rail, at
XiOWEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL3.
6S. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12. 22. August 1. 11. 21. 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 6. 18. 2«
P.W.HITCHCOCK.G€n.Act..l Montgom'y. S.IT.
I We have certain special induce- II
ments to offer to freight shippers j
and passengers to Ki
NOME! I
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., U
710 Market St. Phone Main 5337. M
Steamers sailing: July 18. ¦
Grand round trip excursion! ||
oeeanics.5.eo. assssa
S. S. iSEALANDIA, for Honolulu
! Saturday, July 20, 2 p. m.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus....Thurs., Au^ 1, 10 a. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. August 6, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECXELS k BEOS. CO., Baneral Agents, 327 Vartet St
Eai'l Passengsr Otf.cs, 643 Market St., Ftar lo. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA OS. VAPORES
To Valnaraiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Har-
rison-st. wharf, 13 m.
AREQUIPA ....July 171 PERU August 7
ACONCAGUA -July 2l|GUATEMALA...Aus 23
These steamers axe built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. TS?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $106; Steerage, $40.
6. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday, July 15
6. S. Argyll sails Monday. ¦ Au£. 12
S. S. Leelanaw *tails Mondav. Aug. 28
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COXFASNIS OEKIXALE TEAUSATLANTIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *.»-
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier i2.*~KBS&i
North River, foot of Morton street: *La Nor-
mandie. July 18; La Bretagne. July 25; La
Champagne, August 1, La Gascogne. August S.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets, sold by all Railroad Ticket Agentx.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND PJVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND ,YALIEJD.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:15 a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Leavs j
Vallejo 7 a. in., 12:30 noon. 8 p.m., except
Sunday. Sunday, - 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 51
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Land trie and of-
fice, pier 3. MJaslon-at. ' dock. HATCH BROaL
Whatever you drink out- KB
side, let your home beer be lft£?l
Schlitz. That is pure beer. «Kj
No bacilli in it — nothing to jjFijB
make you bilious. \*\
Beer is a saccharine pro-
duct, and the germs multiply mgf
rapidly in it. The slightest Wfla
taint of impurity quickly f\*
ruins its healthfulness. f^tf
We go to the utmost ex- Rgjl
tremes to prevent that. |«n|
Cleanliness is a science rjj
where Schlitz beer is brewed. tSSf
We even cool the beer in
plate glass rooms in nothing Wffz
Then we filter the beer. pl?s
Then we sterilize every lf*g|
t*t*i
And Schlitz beer is aged. B&j^
The beer that makes you Wjna
bilious is green beer. kvi
When you order a beer gsjJS
foryourhome,getthehealth- Ijjsgi
fulness without the harm. iffS
Get a pure beer — get an old
beer — get Schlitz. Call for B|*9
the Brewery Bottling. ggS
?Phone Main 4*7. Sherwood &Sher- rSn
trocd,212 Market St., San Francisco feJHCORONADO TENT CITY. Cofonado Beach,
Cal.. will be : the popular summer resort this
season. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and -health. • Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled. • ;
Chicago and Return S72.50.
On sale July 20 and .21. the Union Pacific
Railroad will sell round trip tickets to CM«^
cago, good for 60 days, at rate or $72 50. D W^
Hitchcock. General Agent, 1 Montgomery atl
San Francisco. " . .
Cheap Hates for Epworth. Leagnsrs
and Their Friends. \
-The Santa Fe will sell low rate ticket* to
all points July 12 to August IS inclusive to
holders of Epworth League tickets and friends
accompanying them. Call at Santa Fe office,
641 Market street, or ferry depot. *
Best Way to tha Yossmite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stars thane*
via Merced FaU*. Coultervllle. Hazel Grsen
Merced Ble Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal*
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. .This Is the most popular routa
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 841 Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
While every other great university in the East
received large donations during^ the recent com
mencement season, Chicago University received
nothing^ and it would seem that Mr. Rockefeller, must
have been trying to corner something last spring.
As if the heat, were not enough for mortals to bear,
the terrors of this summer in the East have been aug
mented by. the reappearance of the kissing bug. One
of them stung a Chicago man while sitting in a park
and he died within a few hours. i^>^
China has agreed to pay, $315,000,000 for the satis
faction of civilization, but what she ..wishes 'now -is "to
find some white man to take up the burden.
; Boston has a new terror called "the brown-tailed
moth." He is said to have bitten and poisoned sixty
people in one night.": ¦
Grand Canyon Excursion.
On Jul£ 2M a. special excursion rate «t no
for the round trip, San Francisco" to th» Grand
Canyon of Arizona, will be made.. Leaving Saa
Francisco at 8 p. m. on the 22d, you reac& tha
Canyon for supper the 23d. 1 No other tight la
comparable to this, the grandest of nature**
marvels. Ask at «41 Market street, the S*at»
Fe office, about it. -.-_. _--¦>.
New South "Wales has paid £743,000 In
fifteen years for the destruction of over
24.000,000 noxious animals— kangaroos, wal
labies, dingoes, and others.
Special Information supplied dally t«
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipplns Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. ¦.> • -
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Towcsend'i.'
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
BRITISH DISCONTENTS.
In the meantime the Government is spending money
right and left. The improvement in guns has rendered
the old naval station at Gibraltar indefensible, and at
Recently the Navy League severely criticized the
manner in which the Government has neglected the
navy, and particularly the naval stations in the,Med
iterranean. .The League asserts there is no break
water at Malta, that Egypt is undefended, that black
powder and blunt-nosed shells are still in use on many
battleships, that a number of ships are armed with
old-fashion guns, and, in fact, that the navy has
been allowed to fall behind the requirements of the
time, and is not a sufficient protection for the empire
against a powerful foe.
DISPATCHES fr"om London are to the effect
that the British are so dissatisfied with the
conduct of affairs at the seat of war in South
Africa that it is probable the Government will recall
Lord Kitchener and deprive him of command while
nominally promoting him. Of course, the degree, of a
popular discontent can be easily exaggerated, and
therefore a report of an intention to remove Kitchener
may be without foundation, but none the less it is
evident the British public has become extremely dis
satisfied with the management of the affairs of the
empire. Moreover, the discontent is not confined to
South African matters. The Ministry is about as un
popular as the general in command of the army, and
if the Liberal party had a leader and a policy Lord
Salisbury might be relieved about as soon' as Lord
Kitchener.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CANADA'S POPULATION— A. O. S.,
San Pablo, Cal. The figures of the cen-~
sus of the Dominion of Canada for 1901
have not yet been given out.
BARBER'S LICENSE— A. R. f T. C,
City. To obtain a license to work as a
barber application must be made to the
board of examiners who examine the ap
plicant as -to his qualifications.
BICYCLE GEAR— G. B. L.. Sacramento,
Cal. To find the gear of a safety bicycle
multiply the diameter of the rear wheel
by the number of teeth In th© front
.sprocket and divide the product by the
number of teeth in the rear sprocket.
ELiECTRIC CARS— C. C. H.. Cinnabar,
Ca^l. Electric cars In San Francisco (San
Francisco and San Matep) were operated
for the first time April 26, 1892. The route
was from Steuart and Market streets to
Thirtieth,' then along the county road to
Holy Cross Cemetery in San Mateo Coun
ty, which at that time was the terminus.
The return trip was by way of Guerrero,
to Fourteenth, to Bryant, to Essex, to
Harrison and then to the starting point.
THE BOUNDARY LINE— E. M., City.
The cry "Fifty-four forty or fight" was a
Democratic party cry. • The yielding to
British claims as to the northeast bound
ary by the, treaty of 1S42 led to this cry*
to spur the Government to enforce ex
treme'claims in the Northwest. In the
latter part of Tyler's administration
(1S44-45) Calhoun, then Secretary of State,
made an offer to accept the 49th degree
as the boundary, -which a. calm view of;
the facts seemed to show was the utmost |
the United States could rightfully claim.
After ' several- refusals on the. part, of
England that country accepted the propo
sition and a treaty followed. The United
States received what it asked for.
The funny thing about the great hot spell in the
East is that many of the, leading papers in the big
cities over there are clamoring for the removal;of the
chief of the Weather Bureau because his predictions
did not suit them while they were sweltering.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Freddie (who has been brought up -wtOi
a pianola, " rushin? frantically upstairs
from the drawing room)— Oh, Tr^mma,,
mamma! There's a man downstairs play*
ing the piano ¦with his hand3! — Life.
Robinson— Eternal vigilance.— Tid-Blta.
Brown — That's a handsome umbrella
you've got there, Robinson.
Robinson—Yes.
Brown — About ¦what does it cost to-car
ry an umbrella like that?
Mrs. Greene— Now, honestly, Eliza, do
you think you are a sick woman? Ton
know you are as well as anybody, and yet
you visit the doctor every day."
Mrs. Brown— I know it, Jane; but Dr.
Jalap 13 always so glad to see ma! It la
so nice, you know, to be received wltli
manifest pleasure. — Boston Transcript*
RECENT reports from France give glowing ac
counts of results obtained with a torpedo boat
in Ajaccio harbor, and a little later with a flying
ship at Paris. In each case the operations are"
described as being very nearly all that is required to
prove the success of the inventor in solving all the
difficulties of his problem.
In the test of the torpedo boat several warships in
the 1 harbor were warned that attempts would be made
to attach a torpedo to one or more of them. Signal
stations were established in various parts of the bay
and a sharp lookout was kept. In spite of all vigilance
the torpedo boat was not discovered. She made her
way under water, easily avoiding all obstructions and
making upon the surface no indication of her pres
ence. Thus, without difficulty, she evaded all the
signal stations, gained a position under the bottom of
one of the warships, fixed a torpedo in place and
made her way back to a place of safety. . ;
The reports of the flying ship are equally glowing.
We are told the inventor started with his ship from
St. Cloud, rose about half a mile in the air, proceeded
in any direction he chose, circled around over Paris at
will, and finally, when a slight accident occurred to
the rudder, he 'brought the ship to the ground, re
paired the defect, rose once more in the air and made
his way back to St. Cloud. It is added that during his
whole course he did not make use of a single, ounce
of ballast to preserve the equilibrium of his craft.
Neither of the reports is official. Doubtless when
we get the official statements we shall learn that there
are- defects in the submarine torpedo boat and in the
flying ship. Still it will be noted that, marked progress
has been made toward the accomplishment of each of
these marvels. Scientists and inventors are working
at them in all civilized countries. It was but a little
while ago that it seemed as if Count Zeppelin woufd
win for Germany the credit of producing the first
flying machine, but now it appears that France may
have it. A similar rivalry exists in the efforts every
where being made to produce a successful submarine
boat, and there is no telling in what year or in what
nation the feat will be achieved.' .
TORPEDOES AND FLYING SHIPS.
THE weather was the predominant factor in trade
last week. All over the West, and particularly
the Southwest, the heat was intense, running up
here and there to 105 and even no degrees in the
shade. No rain of any consequence fell in the great
corn belt, which covers the States of Illinois, Missouri,
Kansas, Nebraska and some parts of Iowa and Okla
homa. Every day the sun burned down from a cloud
less sky, parching the already dry soil, and, in the
jargon of the grain trade, "burning up" the crops,
cereal, vegetable and fruit.
The effect of this heated term, the severest in thirty
years, was serious. It cut down the corn and oat
crops and started wild speculation in these two cereals
Cn the different exchanges throughout the West and
East. It very largely caused the slump in railroad
stocks in Wall street by menacing the earnings of the
Western U"unk lines in the coming fall. It kept people
indoors, drove farmers from their fields and towns
people from the streets, and played the mischief with
the retail trade. It damaged the internal trade of the
West to the amount of many millions, particularly in
the Southwest, where numerous cancellations of
orders for merchandise are reported. It burned up the
vegetables and potatoes in Texas and sent that State
to California for cabbages and other garden and field
stuff, which we are now sending down there.
. But while the West and Southwest suffered, other
parts of the country escaped. The Northwest reported
business good, owing to the excellent prospects for
the wheat crop, and the East and South sent the usual
reports for this time of the year. The country's bank
clearings showed a gain of 40 per cent over the same
week last year, and, with the exception of Minneap
olis, which seems to be a chronic laggard of late,
every important city in the country showed an in
crease. The failures were 208, against 196 for the same
week last year.
The great staples show little change. They seldom
do in midsummer. More tone was reported in iron
and steel, though new orders were small. The manu
facturers of agricultural implements, who have been
holding off for an expected decline in material, en
tered the market again for steel bars. Structural ma
terial and builders' hardware were quoted in brisk
demand. The wool market seems to be slowly im
proving, and the demand for the finer grades of raw
wool has been very good of late. The shipments of
boots and shoes, while smaller than during the pre
ceding week, are still large, while hides and. leather
are quoted firm and in good demand. The railway
earnings continue heavy, those in June showing an
increase of 6.8 per cent
Crop conditions, excluding corn and oats, which
have been damaged by the extreme heat, are fine.
According to the Government reports, we will have
about 700,000,000 bushels of wheat, 685,000,000 bushels
of oats and 2,058,000,000 bushels of corn. Hay will be
¦ good crop except in the Southwest, but fruit will
cot be heavy anywhere this year.
Conditions in Wall street were disturbed last week.
The damage to the Southwestern crops led to a fear
that the railroads would suffer along in the fall, and
this led to a desire to liquidate. On several days
stocks went down, with a run. hiit after each decline
there was a tendency to recover the lost ground,
which, however, was not regained.
There is nothing new in the local situation. East
ern and Western conditions are not materially affect
ing us, and we are placidly pursuing the even tenor of
our way, after the California fashion. All conditions
seem favorable, and there is nothing in sight to cause
distrust. . .
THE WEATHER AND BUSINESS.
Judge Charles F. Lott of Orovllle Is at
the Uck.
O. J. "Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
R. Bancroft, a business man of Merced,
is at the Lick.
N. E. de Toe, a furniture dealer of Mo
desto, is at the. Lick.
Dr. L. P. Tcoley of Willows registered
at the Lick yesterday.
A. C. MorrJson, a mining man of James
town, is a guest at the Grand.
C. D. Sprigg. Collector of the Port of
San Diego, is at the California.
Samuel Leask, a prominent merchant of
Santa Cruz. Is at the California.
L. Grothwell, a real estate man of Stock
ton, is a guest at the California.
John C. Hoover, a candy manufacturer
of San Rafael, is at the California.
Morris Marston, a mining' man recently
from Dawson City, is at the Grand.
Dr. J. T. Jones, the well-known physi
cian of Grass Valley, is at the Grand.
"W. H. Garretson, a prominent business
man of Benicia, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Simon Burnett, a prominent brewer oS
Louisville, who Is touring the world. Is at j
the Grand. -^
J. W. Benne of Keswick, Shasta County,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife and children.
PERSONAL MENTION.
(The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published below, but presents
them for whatever value they may have as
communications of general interest.
Editor Call— In your editorial, entitled
"Fact and Fanaticism," In Tuesday's is
sue, you reiterate the oft disproved stories
of the springing up of saloons in the vicin
ity of Fort Sheridan immediately after
the passage of the anti-saloon law; and
you allege that that vicinity was griven
over to drunkenness and debauchery on
tbe first payday following the passage of
the act, and then add: "The same results
have followed the abolition of the canteen
everywhere."
It is incredible that The Call manage
ment does not know those assertions to
be false. It must know that It 13 the
policy of the "War Department and of the
liquor power everywhere to discredit the
anti-canteen law, and that to that end
both the War Department and the Liquor
League are sending out those lying-re
ports to alt the papers that will publish
them. This must be known to The Call
as well as the fact that these many fabri
cations of the canteen's friends have been
shown to be false, time and again. The
Mayors of the cities where the riots on
payday are said to have occurred, the
constabulary and police force, the officers
in charge of the several commands con
cerned, have made affidavits innumerable
to show, and have thereby shown, tint
the stories of payday riots, the erection
of new saloons, etc., are absolute false
hoods, propagated by the "War Depart
ment and the rum power. This you mu3C
know. Then, in God's name, why do you
retail it regularly as news, if you are not
in • the service of the canteen gang at
"Washington to deceive the people? The
value of any newspaper to the public Is
in direct ratio to the honesty and sincer
ity of that paper; and when it (.is known
that the "War Department or the liquor
league can procure in any newspaper the
publication of known falsehoods, with the
intent to deceive the public, the life of
that paper should speedily close. Very
truly, G. P. HURST,
Woodland, July 9, 1901.
LAW.
HOW HARRY MUNN OF OJIAHA
CONTRIVED TO SECURE JENNIE
CALI^AHAN'S PICTURE.
IN. order to obtain a photograph of the
woman he^adored before he departed
¦ for the Philippines, Harry Munn
turned in a fire alarm from opposite
the flat ¦where Miss Jennie Callahan
"resided In Omaha. When the gongs of
the fire engines sounded and the fire ap
paratus came thundering down the street
Miss Callahan naturally looked out of the
window facing on the street. Opposite
stood Munn with a camera. As Miss Cal
lahan's face appeared the camera clicked
and Munn hurried away with the treas
ure.
Munn was taken to the police station,
where he told his story. He said that he
had been in love with Miss Callahan for
Italy has ordered twenty submarine
boats. A "
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
• * * -
The expense for coal consumed in Brit
ish warships is calculated to foot up to
$3,800,000 during the present financial year.
* ? * . • • '
During recent gunnery practice the Brit
ish cruiser Terrible fired 123 shots from
her six-inch battery, of which 102 were
hits.
« • •
The Vickers six-inch gun has been fired
with an initial velocity of 2900 feet per
second, and the 7%-inch reached 2903 feet.
The latter can be fired, at the rate of eight
shots per minute and has 'a' value of six
times that of the six-Inch guns placed on
board ships two years ago.
. • ¦; * ? «
The twelve Babcock & Wilcox boilers to
be placed in the British cruiser Hermes
will cost $150,000, in addition to which $75,
000 will be expended upon other parts of
the ship. The complete cost of this ship
on October 3, 1899, was $1,407,210, of which
$424,090 was for the machinery and $843,635
for hull, equipments and fittings.
? • ? •
The Naval Academy of Denmark cele
brated its two hundredth anniversary on
April 26. It was founded by King Fred-
Crick IV and b^gan with 100 pupils. This
number fell off to forty when Norway
was separated from Denmark in 1814, and
at the present time it has only twenty
four cadets.
• • •
It Is twenty-five years since Turkey
placed any naval orders in England, all
such contracts having gone to Italy and
Germany, chiefly to the latter country.
The only vessel now being built for Tur
key is a cruiser of 3250 tons, 12,000 horse
power and 22 knots speed, at Cramp's
yard. The contract price is $1,890,000, pay
able in twelve installments, work to begin
with the first payment In advance and to
complete in twenty-two months.
Japan Is contemplating the building of
six large docks Jn addition to the two , at
Yokohama and Kure of sufficient size to
accommodate ships of \ the Shikishima
class. The new docks will be located as
follows: Yoko3uka and Omlnato one each,
Sasebo ana Malziiro two each, apd one
each for Kobe and Hakodate. Within a
few years Japan will have twelve. large
docks— four owned by private \ firms — of
the largest size.
The first report about the failure of the
NarVal trials proves to have been Incor
rect. The boat navigated the open sea for
forty consecutive hours without stoppages
and covered a distance of 260 miles in that
time. About one-half of the distance was
made while. the boat was submerged. The.
sea was rough, the crew does not appear
to have suffered unusual hardships and
French advocates of this type of subma
rine boats are naturally elated over the
result." # -;•/;
The l^atnha d' Amelia, supposed to be a
cruiser, built at Lisbon for the Portuguese
navy, has had her trials, with highly sat
isfactory results. The contract called for
5000 horsepower and a speed of 17.5 knots,
and the full power steam trial gave 5396
horsepower, and 20.6 knots speed. The ves
sel is of 1600 tons displacement and carries
the heavy armament of four 5.9-lnch
quick-firers, two 3.9-lnch, two three-pound
ers and four machine guns.- Notwith
standing this formidable battery for so
small a vessel, it is suspected that she Is
not actually intended for war purposes,
but will simply serve as a royal yacht..
'¦*¦'¦-* ' '• ¦• . . . .
At a court-martial recently held at Se
bastopol Lieutenant Roshtcakoffsky was
found guilty of having challenged and
fought a duel with Midshipman Ilovaisky,
contrary to the decision of a court of ar
bitrators. It was further proved that the
lieutenant had fired at hist opponent six
seconds before the signal was given and
killed the midshipman. The court .'held
that. he had nrtd accidentally, but in a
fit of abject terror and cowardice despica
ble in an officer, and sentenced him to
confinement in a. fortress for three years,
without! deprivation, of civil- rights and
privileges. , -» .
The British navy will be Increased dur
ing, the present year by the completion of
.four battleships of 15,000 tons each, two
battleships of the Canopus class of 12,950
tons and three" armored cruisers of the
Cressy class of 12,000 tons.. During the
first half of 1902 there will be added two
battleships of 15,000 tons, three armored
cruisers^ of 14,000 tons of the Drake class,
two Cressys and one armored, cruiser of
SSOO tons. This makes a total'of seventeen
armored ships oi 227,700 tons added to the
efficient list of the British navy during the
next eighteen months.
OUR GUESTS AND CLIMATE.
SAN FRANCISCO during the present week will
entertain many thousands of visitors. Probably
the city will be as near being crowded as at any
time in its history. Large numbers of these guests are
to be assembled morning, afternoon and evening in
thronged auditoriums, and other large numbers are
to be 'in the open air at the .shooting- park all day
long. Thus our summer climate is to be tried within
doors and out of doors by people gathered in large
multitudes, and it is safe to predict that from first to
last there will be felt no discomfort on account of the
weather. ,
We are going to give to all of our guests a cordial
welcome and the best entertainment our city can pro
vide. There will be dinners and social receptions and
fruits and flowers, not only in plenty but in profusion.
When all have been tried, however, the one thing that
will have contributed most to the enjoyment of guests,
and of ourselves, will have been the cool, bracing days
and nights that have kept every one in full vigor for
work or for pleasure.
We hardly appreciate the full value of our climate.
We grumble at times because of a fog or a wind that
blows a little too briskly for our satisfaction, but, in
comparison with the sweltering heat and humidity
that prevail during the summers in the East," our
breezes are genuine delights.
For upward of. three weeks now the reports from
the East have been filled with accounts of the severity
of the heat over the whole region from Kansas and
Nebraska to the Atlantic Coast. In the cities the daily
record of deaths caused by heat prostration is almost
like the report of casualties sent from a battlefield. In
fact, in the war in South Africa the British and the
Boers are not .killing one another so fast as men and
women are perishing beneath the fierce heats of New
York, Chicago, Philadelphia and Boston.
Nor is it in the cities only that the weather is like a
calamity. In the fields of Iowa, Kansas and Nebraska
the very crops are being parched and dried up by the
blistering sun. The corn fields that once promised to
yield bountifully have now been so badly blighted that
the farmers hardly see enough corn in prospect to feed
their hogs and cattle, snd, as a consequence, they are
sending them prematurely to market, and selling them
for whatever price can be obtained.
While such conditions prevail in the East in town
and country we receive our guests in a climate where
every hour of day or night is pleasant, wnere there
is always exhilaration in the breezes and comfort in
the sun. As a city for summertime conventions or
gatherings of any kind there is no other city in the
Union equal to this, nor even one that approaches it.
One of the notable results of the hot season in the
East was a demonstration of the . superiority of the
automobile over horse carriages. When horses were
dropping in the streets all over town the machine was
all right. .
some time and had finally made known
to her his heart's desire, but had Deen
Informed that his love was not recipro
cated. Driven to desperation by her re
fusal, he enlisted In the regular army
and was booked to sail for the Philip
pines shortly.
Munn asked MIsa Callahan for her
photograph that he might derive some
consolation from her memory while far
across the sea. This was^ also denied
him.
Then Munn tried the flre alarm, scheme
and It worked.
TURNS IN THE FIRE ALARM
TO GET THE GIRL'S PICTURE
the present time the entire harbor and shipyard . can
be commanded by concealed batteries placed on Span
ish soil. To provide a sure harbor, it has been de
clared by a committee to be necessary to abandon the
western harbor altogether and to construct another
on. the eastern side of the rock. The estimated cost is
$20,000,000. Upward of ten years -will be required to
complete the work.
With such heavy, expenditures called for in the way
of providing for defense at home, it is not strange that
the British should be impatient over the continuance
of a war which is costing them more than $5,000,000 a
week. The latest popular outburst has been due to the
manner in which the press reports from the seat of war
are censored, and the fierceness with which Kitchener
lias been criticized ' for the- censorship shows how
irritable the people have become. Should Kitchener
lose his office, however, Salisbury will have to thank
the incapacity of the Liberals for not having to lose
his at the same time. ' : • : - . .
WE publish a communication from : G. P.
Hurst, which indicates a state of- wounded
feelings on that gentleman's part because
we called for proof of Rev. Mr. Ferguson's statements
regarding the army canteen.
We must beg Mr. Hurst's pardon for saying that
we don't know that "the. stories of payday riots, the
erection of new saloons, etc., are absolute falsehoods,
propagated by the War Department, and the rum
power." Nor does he know it, nor is it known by any
one, for it is a falsehood. It is on a par with Rev. Mr.
Ferguson's statement that army chaplains "have been
ordered from Washington to cease reporting the army
saloon."
• We are aware that there is some difference of opin
ion amongst army officers as to the effect of the can
teen and the results of its abolition; but we are also
aware that the preponderance of testimony favors the
canteen as against the deadfall. The Hursts, Fergu
sons and those who stand with them are a unit with
the rum power for the deadfall against the canteen.
The army surgeons, who have in charge the physical
health of the enlisted .men, are practically unanimous
in favoring the canteen as against the deadfall. The
deadfall is a stalking horse for worse vices than drunk
enness, which bring in their train those dreadful taints
which the army surgeon must deal with. When the
curse of all armies declines with the rise of the can
teen and increases again with its fall one would sup
pose that at least the anti-canteen clergy would be
impressed with the sanitary superiority of the canteen
over the deadfall. But they are not impressed. In
stead, they devote their time to making statements
about the President and Secretary of War that are
point blank lies, and to conjuring a rum power that
is in favor of a canteen when not a drop of rum or
any distilled liquor was allowed to be sold!
' Mr. Hurst's letter is a fair sample of the submer
gence of human intelligence and ordinary common
sense by a spirit of unreasonable fanaticism. He
assumes that "the War Department and the liquor
power are sending out lying reports to all the papers
that will publish them" to discredit the anti-canteen
law, and then adds that "this must be known to The
Call." It is not known to The Call, nor to Mr. Hurst,
nor to anybody else, for it is not true; and his cool
assumupticn that we arc taking War Department and
liquor league reports and imposing them upon our
readers as Associated Press news, or news gathered
by our special correspondents, is an impudent, unwar
ranted and bald falsehood.
The Fort Sheridan riots were reported by the Asso
ciated Press and were the subject of comment and
news treatment by all the papers in Chicago. They
held the whole district in terror for more than a day,
and were almost beyond the power of the civil author
ities.. Their existence, their prolongation, their cause
and their effect are as well established as the existence
of Mount Shasta. Army surgeons and chaplains, offi
cers and enlisted men know of those riots, and so do
hundreds of civilians and civil officers, by a sore ex
perience. And yet we have Mr. Hurst declaring that
"it is incredible that The Call management does not
know those assertions (of the riots) to be false."
A man who appeals so readily to the name of his
Creator <:o clinch his statements should be careful that
they are true.
The Call has published the news and the opinions of
interested people as tc the canteen. We believe the
preponderance of testimony is in favor of its substitu
tion for the outside rumhole. We know that it is
preferable to give soldiers a chance to indulge reason
ably in light beer and wine, rathef'than in poison
whisky. We know that it is better that such indul
gence should be inside the army post, and under disci
pline, instead of beyond discipline and in contact with
the other vices which are the physical and moral ruin
of men. Looking at the average soldier as an aver
age man, and he is, he is bound to have the average
appetites and follies of men, and it is better for him
that their satisfaction shall be made as little harmful
as possible. So far no system has been devised that
seems to be superior to the canteen. Prohibition is as
impossible in the army as it is in civil life. Therefore
there seems to be no choice between the canteen and
the deadfall. We prefer the less harmful. Mr. Hurst
and Rev. Mr. Ferguson prefer the more harmful and
are fighting for bad whisky, for the low vices, for the
tainted blood and rotten bones that are strung on the
deadfall! The style of their frantic fanaticism dis
credits them as guides of any public policy. Their
class have pursued the President with every fanatical
He that can be coined. One reverend gentleman, in
tfie course of an anti-canteen argument, represented
the President as a debauchee, and said that he was
drinking iiquor in the President's room at the Capitol,
where he and his Cabinet waited to consider belated
bills on the last night of a session of Congress. Means
were taken to. compel this fellow to openly confess
himself a liar. Others are sticking unmanfully to state
ments that they either know are false or do not know
to be true, and at the same time are lecturing the
wicked newspapers for publishing known facts, that
are disputed only by fools or fanatics.
PACT AND FANATICISM.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,- MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901.
monday. ...... f -Ju LY *s. '»*
' JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All CoaannaleatioM te W. 8. MAKE. K»n»j»r.
MWAGER'S OFFICE...^^Telephone^Pres^204
••UUUCATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
KIHTOIUALi ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Csirrters, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Po«tagei
DAJLT CAX.L, <lndudlng Sunday), on* year • *«-00
DAILT CALL, (lndudlnc Sunday). « month*..- *J™
DAILT CALL. «adudln« Sunday), I monthi * »•¦»
DAILT CAI^-By Sln«l« Month 6 ~
SUNDAT CALI* On« Tear *•
WEEKLY CAU* One Tear x
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sampia ooples will be forwarded when requested.
Mail entwcrtben in orderls* change of address should be
particular to rive both NEW ANX> OLT> ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
n awt. Aim OFFICES 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TESS.
Xuiger rerdga Adrertislng. Xaxtutto Bnfldiag. Chleago.
.(lone Distance Telephone "Central 261*.**)
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CABLTOIT Herald Sa«are
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEH B. SMITH 80 Tribune Bail dine
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breataao, n Union Square;
ICarny HU1 HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
eberman Hoose: P. O. Ktm Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fmsott House: Auditorium HoteL
BRAI7CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll »J0 o'clock. SOo Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
1:85 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. lf«6 Valencia, open
ontfl ¦ o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-Second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
J200 Finmere. open until 9 p. m. .
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Colombia— "Cnd«r Two Flan.**
Alcasar— "The School for Scandal.'*
Grand Opera-house— "The White Heathen."
Central— '"Michael Strogoff."
Tlvoli— "Babes in the Wood."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chotes. Zoo and Theater^ — Vaudeville every afternoon and
?renlne.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
~ AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layng— Tuesday. July 23. Horses, at 721 How-
ard street.
By ITnion St.Tckyardu Comcany— Monday. July 29, at 10
o'clock, Packingr-hotise Machinery, at Rodeo, Cal.
— <^^^^> — *
f 0 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYISG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER.
Call »nb«erlber» contemplating a change of
rPNirfci-.ee during: the inmrner months can hare
their paper forn-urded by moil to their new
addresses by notifying; Tbe Call Business Office.
This paper trill alao be on sale at all summer
renorts and Is represented by a local agent In
aJl tairos on the coast.POPULAR BOOKKEEPER OF SUGAR REFINERY SPRECKELS AND |
A BELLE OF SALINAS. WHO SURPRISED THEIR FRIENDS BY
TRAVELING TO SAN FRANCISCO TO WED.
C. H. Murphy, chairman of th© teachers'
executive committee, has issued the fol
lowing statement concerning the claim
made on the teachers for the return, of
$7000, which was paid for litigation by tha
merchant creditors:
A statement was recently Issued by the Mer
chant Creditors' Committee, requesting th»
teachers and janitors of the San Francisco pub
lic schools to return to them the sum of $7000,
advanced by the merchant creditors to tha
teachers and Janitors of San Francisco in
March. 1300.
Keferenca to tha contract, which was pro
posed by the attorney for tha merchants, ac
cepted and entered into in March, 1900, by tha
committee of tha teachers, the Union Trust
Company, Asa R. Wells and this same Mer
chant Creditors' Committee, discloses the facts:
the Union Trust Company to pay this $7000 to
Mr. Wells for distribution to the teachers fcr
a valuable consideration, via.: the adjustment
of pending litigation, and the prompt payment
to them of the balance of all available funds
then in the- treasury of the city and county of
San Francisco, viz. : $20,834 81.
Second— Thi3 $7000 was used to pay all th«
expenses of litigation undertaken by the teach*
ers/ amounting to about $2500. and tha balance
was- divided pro rata among the teachers.
It will thus be seen that the return of this
$7000 to the merchants is not called for by the
contract, which is an equitable one, and that
to return tha money would ba for the teachers
to defray the expenses of their litigation them
selves. No teacher is under any legal or moral
obligation to Day any portion of tha $7000 to
the merchants. In the course of the negotia
tions leading up to the final agreement it was
expressly recognized by both parties that tha
effect of the compromise would bo that the
teachers would get more than the face of their
salary claims in the event of the passaga of
the constitutional amendment authorizing the
payment of salaries for November and Decem
ber. 1838.
It may be well to state that Interest on th»
paid now, because some merchants* claims ar»
being preferred in the the expenditure .of the
appropriation made by the Supervisors for the
interest.
TEACHERS WILL
NOT PAY CLAIMS
The Rev. 'William Rader preached an
Interesting sermon last night at the Third
Congregational Church. His subject was
"Science, and what it has done for re
ligion as illustrated in the theories of
John Fiske and Professor Joseph Le
Conte." Dr. Rader paid a high tribute to
the two learned men -who have recently
passed away, and said that they had aid
ed largely in the advancement of religious
thought by the dissemination of historical
and scientific ideas. These ideas always
contained the element of truth and did
much to manifest the providence of God,
Dr. Rader said.
"I would especially commend to my
hearers/' said Dr. Bader, "John " Flske's
book, 'The Destiny of Man.' for you will
find In it a tonic which will open your
eyes to your spiritual life. FIske places
the human spirit above all created things
and shows by scientific arguments the
eternal reality o£» religion. I would rec
ommend that you read books of that class
rather than the current fiction of the day.
No books on spiritual light should be more
eaperly sought for.
"Professor Le Conte was the "Whlttler
of American science. He was a broad
minded man, a genial gentleman and a
beautiful character. 1 have heard him
traduced, criticised and accused of heresy
and dangrerous thought, but I know that
the peace of God was in his look when he
died. Who knows that he may find a
fulfillment of his doctrines In yonder
¦world and his beloved eyes be opened to
the glories and the mysteries of the king
dom of God. Professor Le O>nte had
earned my respect. He was a man who
told the truth, and I say 'Rejoice in the
man who does so.' Do not stone him, for
we have stoned men who have been
prophets. Rather stone the men who
snide you wrongly. Rejoice in the men
who tell the truth; whether in geology,
or history, or science of any kind. AH
hail to Fiske and Le Conte."
RELIGION AIDED
BY SCIENTISTS
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of Rail
ways. .Office— 30 Montgomery street. *
Miners Killed by Explosion.
WALLACE. Idaho, July 14.-Ed Norris
and A. A. DIckman were kilted .in the
Standard mine last night by an accidental
explosion. . J; „
Make a New Single Record.
LONDON. July J5.— Harry Vardon. in
defeating James Braid at Grieft Satur
day by two up and one to play, made a
new single record of 32 in the last nine
holes.- ••¦¦¦-:¦ ¦¦¦¦*¦'¦--¦ -¦::-¦:- ¦ *•¦ • ¦
Californlan Breaks a Record.
BUTTE. Mont. July 14.— In the final
heat of the amateur mile handicap race
on the saucer track to-night Hoffman of
California broke the world's record, mak
ing the mile in 1:58V*.
Fatally Injured by a Horse.
SALINAS, July 14.— This morning news
reached 1 here that Sherman Mansfleld, a
well-known rancher near King City and
son of the Postmaster ' at Gorda, was
fatally Injured by a bronco falling, on
him. The horse, - which was not . thor
oughly broken, reared when Mansfleld
mounted and threw it6elf over backward,
pinning the rider beneath the pommel of
the saddle. . «
Recruits for Army and Navy.
LONDON. July 15.— Emperor Nicholas,
according to a dispatch from St.-Peters
burg, has issued an order that 308,000 men
shall be recruited for the Russian* army
and navy during the present year.
Southern Pacific Change of Time.
Coast line parlor car daylight express
leaves 9 a.m. Instead of 8 a.' m. for Mon
terey, Santa Cruz, Paso Robles, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Last , afternoon
train for Santa Cruz and Monterey 3:3o
p. m. Time-tables 613 Market street and
Third and Townsend streets station.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
John Brown, an employe of the Spring
Valley Water Company, who received in
juries by falling from a flume ten days
ago, died at the Marine Hospital yester
day afternoon. . Deceased was 62 years of
age and a native of Ireland.
JAPANESE ASCENDANCY ~f . •¦
IN HERMIT KINGDOM
Mikado's Government Is Bapidly
Placing the Bussians on the
Defensive.
LONDON, July 15.— Dr. Morrison, wiring
to ,the Times from Seoul, Korea, July 10,
says:
"The Japanese are well maintaining
their position in Korea, acting cautiously,
yet watching with unceasing vigilance
every movement of Russia, especially
along the Korean frontier. They are in
creasing in number constantly through
out the peninsula, and one-nineteenth of
the shipping of the country is now Japa
nese.
• "Russia, recognizing Japan's power, acts
¦with a studied conciliation, ostentatiously
communicating to the Japanese legation
the movement of the Russian troops In
Manchuria, especially if these affect the
Korean frontier."
, WASHINGTON, July 14.— The Census
Bureau, In a bulletin on the population by
sex, general nativity and color in 1900. in
certain States, gives the following sum
mary: U;^
Hawaii— Males, 106,369; females," 47,632; native
born, 63,221: foreign born, 90.7S0; total white,
66,890;; native white, 54,141;. foreign parents,
15,223; foreign white, 12,749; total colored. 87,
111. • ¦-•¦.-.¦¦ • • ..
¦ Idaho— Males. 93,367; females, 68,405; native
born, 137,168; foreign born, 24,604; total white,
154, 495; native white, 132,605; foreign parents,
42,751; foreign white, 22,890; total colored, 7277.
' The foreign r born element constituted
very nearly three-fifths of the population
of Hawaii and comprised mainly Chinese
and Japanese. " The next largest propor
tion of foreign born is in Illinois, one-fifth,
and Idaho, a little over one-seventh. The
population of Idaho • is 95 per cent white.
The cole-red element In Hawaii Is 50.6 per
cent of the whole population. ... •
In Idaho the foreign white persons and
the native white . persons of foreign par
entage represent 40 per cent of the entire
population, and in Hawaii 18 to 20 per cent. 1
Total White Population
of the Group Placed
at 66,890.
Younger Brothers Go Free.
ST. PAUL, July 14.— Coleman and James
Younger, who were granted a conditional
parole by the Board of Pardons on
Wednesday last, were released from the
Stillwater penitentiary this morning.
HAWAIIAN ISLAND
CENSUS FIGURES
Hot Air Factory Closed.
On account of the enormous business
created by the popularity and centrally
located Hammam Baths of Burns', 11 and
13 Grant avenue, the proprietor, like a
good housekeeper, takes advantage of the
spring and summer to clean up and renof
vate. For this reason on Monday, July
15, he will close up his Hammam Baths
for one week, in order to freshen up the
whole establishment. Everything will be
removed from the building, the bedding
renovated and made over, harrow beds
made wider, short ones made longer, the
shampoo-room made larg-er, with more
slabs, and such a quantity of paint, all
colors, to be used, artistically distributed,
in and about the building, as to present
to the eye a veritable little Turkish pal
ace. Of course, the customary good ser
vice, etc., will follow as soon as the Ham
mam Baths are open again. •
Royalty "Will Exchange Visits.
LONDON, July 15.— "King Edward, Em
peror Nicholas and Emperor William will
not only meet" at the great review near
Mayence about August 15," -says the Ber
lin correspondent of the Standard, "but
they will exchange visits at Barnsta-Jt."
moved the belongings of his master.
Even the pet dogs of Lady Hope were
taken away by the servant.
It is now thought that the Secretary of
War will accept Strong's resignation from
the army. In army circles it Is consid
ered that but little good would come of a
court-martial and dismissal fit Strong
from the service. Strong's downfall is
already complete and military men are
anxious to see his resignation accepted
for the honor of the army.
If Strong's resignation is accepted be
fore Wednesday he will be at liberty to
go where he pleases with his titled com
panion. If the War Secretary, however,
insists on Strong giving full details by
letter of his reasons for resigning: his
commission he will not be able to sail for
the Far East with Lady Hope.
Strong's friends In this ¦ city are now
complaining of his conduct in openly liv
ing with Lady Francis Hope, and thus in
viting an expose. The woman's previous
unsavory reputation is looked upon as
sufficient reason for Strong to have taken
steps to keep secret his little "affair" with
her. Having openly courted, an expose,
the soldier is blamed.
Lady Hope has positively refused to see
even her most Intimate friends who live
here. It was rumored yesterday that
some of her intimates were endeavoring
to inruce her to leave Captain Strong and
return to England. The story that Lady
Hope would again go on the stage is not
thought to have any foundation. She
herself realizes that no reputable theat
rical manager would engage her in the
tace of her latest escapade.
Captain Strong has removed his bag
gage from the Palace Hotel. He 6ent his
valet- to pay his bill and the servant re-
Where formerly they sought notoriety
T>y a vulgar display of affection in fash
ionable hotels and restaurants, they yes
terday decided to avoid publicity by keep
ing strictly within the confines of their
apartments.
Lady Francis Hope, wife of the heir
presumptive U> the Duchy of Newcastle,
and Captain Putnam Bradlee Strong will
soon rid this city of their presence. The
eloping couple now realize that their con
duct Is Unpalatable to the respectable
residents of San Francisco and yesterday
they kept In strict seclusion.
,- J »^ W\ CARD, bookkeeper at the
_y Spreckels sugar factory and re
""^ finery at Spreckels, and Miss
II, t^t 3 Josephine Belmour. a belle of
-Salinas, were quietly married
Saturday at noon. In the chapel of Trinity
Church. Clifton Macon, assistant rector
of Trinity, performed the ceremony.
It was a very quiet affair. The young
people, without even the preliminary an
nouncement of an engagement, came up
traveling gown of navy blue crepe eni
black picture hat. She was attended by
Mrs. Irving L. Blinn of Los Angeles, who
acted as maid of honor. L. U. Grant
was best man.
Mr. Card Is a popular native son and
keenly interested in the political affairs
of Salinas. He is vice president of the
Young Men's Republican Club and a mem
ber of the County Central Committee.
Mrs. Card is a native daughter and sis
ter-in-law of Hon. Harvey Abbott of Sa
linas, with whom she made her home.
STRONG AND LADY HOPE
NOW AVOID NOTORIETY
Charles Nordhoff, the well-known jour
nalist and author, who has been under
treatment ' here for several -weeks past,
succumbed to an attack of diabetes yes
terday at a sanitarium, 2100 Central ave
nue. His death was not unexpected, as
he had been ill for some time before be
ing-brought here from Coronado where
he resided with his family, for treatment.
As an author Charles Nordhoff became
best known as a writer of stories dealing
with the sea. He was a fluent and bril
liant writer and his tales were widelv
read. His most famous works were:
"Man-of-War Life," "The Merchant Ves
sel," "Whaling and Fishing." "Stories of
the Island "World," "Secession Is Rebel
lion," "Freedmen of the South Sea Isl
lands," "Slavery Injurious to Free La
borers," "Cape Cod Stories," "California
for Health, Pleasure and Residence,"
"Northern California, Oregon and the
Sandwich Islands." "Communistic Socie
ties of the United States," "Politics for
Young Americans," "The Cotton States
Under Reconstruction," and "God and the
Future Life."
Charles Nordhoff had a national reputa
tion as an author-journalist. He was born
in Westphalia, Prussia, seventy-one years
ago, and came to this country with his
parents when he was but five years of~
age. He acquired an education at "Wood
ward College, Connecticut, and then fol
lowed the sea for nine years.
"When he gave up a seafaring life he
entered the employ of Harper Bros, and
remained with them for four years. After-,
leaving the publishing house he secured
a position on the New York Evening Post,
which he held for ten years, and then
went to the New York Herald.
He remained with the Herald until fail
ing health compelled him to retire from
active newspaper work. He came to Cali
fornia, ana was so smitten with the coun
try that he determined to remain here.'
He built an elegant residence at Corona
do, where he resided with his family, "Un
til six weeks' ago he enjoyed fairly good
health and was then stricken with an at
tack of diabetes. He was brought Here
and - placed In the sanitarium, where
everything possible was done to preserve
the life of the gifted journalist, but his
constitution had been so weakened by hi3
former illness that he was unable to rally
and succumbed to the inevitable yester
day.
Charles NordhofF, Fa
mous Journalist, Suc
cumbs to Diabetes.
WELL-KNOWN
AUTHOR DIES
Brewers Awaiting Word From
Leaders Prior to
Final Action.
t *'
Every effort is to be made by the va
rious unions connected with the San Fran
cisco Labor Council to raise the $20,000 a
week from affiliated unions which Presi
dent McCabe of the Iron Trades Council
declared at the las't meeting of the Labor
Council Is necessary "to keep the boy3
from going back. to work." A meeting of
the special committee and leaders of the
labor movement to prepare the necessary
plans for raising this large ' amount- of
money each week from the members of
the various trades unions not out on
strike was held yesterday at 1159 Mission
street.
A proposition to increase the involun
tary per capita tax of 5 cents per week
to 12% cents, or 50 cents a month, was se
riously considered, but met with opposi
tion. It was stated during the course of
the debate that the strike of the cooks
and waiters was not progressing as well
| as had been expected at its inception; that
the metal polishers had given up their
strife; the butchers had returned to work
after less than ai week of conflict: the
I porters and packers had delayed their de
mands, and that ether organizations that
intended to follow in the footsteps of their
predecessors were weakening.
The machinists pleaded for a continu
ance of the strike and assistance in a
financial way for a week longer at lealst.
The leading members of the council turn
ed the tide of disaffection by securing the
passage of a resolution to place the mat- I
ter of ¦ways and means in the hands of
the executive committee of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council.
The Iron Trades Council met in the
morning at their headquarters in the
Emma Spreckels building and discussed
what propositions the council ¦would sub
mit to the Metal Trades' Association,
through the medium of the conciliatory
committee. The meeting was a long and
stormy one, some members saying that it
¦was impossible to keep a family on the
$6 a week allowed married men and single
men with dependents as strike benefits.
The disposition of the men seemed ad
verse to a continuance of the strike. A
compromise was effected by preparing a
statement embracing a modification of de
mands, which will be presented to-day.
The Beer Drivers' Union at its meeting
on Saturday night decided to cast its lot
with the other branches of .the trade.
There are three unions of brewers on the
coast, consisting of a number of branches
divided into eleven brewers' unions, ten
bottlers' unions and three labelers' unions.
It is necessary for all these to combine
in a movement against the Brewers' Pro
tective Association, in which all the brew
eries of this city and in this vicinity are
affiliated. It will be at least two weeks
before the brewers' and maltsters' unions
can take action. If the agreement asking
for an eight-hour work day should not be
signed by the boss brewers all the affil
iated unions which now enjoy the eight
hour day "will also go out on strike in
sympathy, or for lack of material, as they
are not allowed to handle the product of
any brewery which is declared unfair.
The advent of the national secretary is
anxiously awaited. Until his arrival no
precipitate action will be taken.
, — ? .. -
MACHINISTS' BENEFIT. !
Boxing" Contests Leading Feature ,at
Glen Park.
The San Francisco Athletic Club held
a* largely attended field day and picnic at
Glen Park yesterday for the benefit of the
International Association of Machinists.
The loading feature of the affair was the
athletic programme, which included, aside
from the customary field and track sports,
four four-round boxing contests between
some well-known men.
The contests were of a friendly nature
and no decisions were given. George Gard
ner boxed with Alec Greggains, Charles
Thurston with Dave Barry. A. Granfield
with Pete McGee and Billy Snailham with
Kid Parker.
Valuable game and gate prizes to the
number of 219 were given away to the
guests. Two bands were present to fur
nish entertainment- and music for danc
ing.
The affair was very successful and a
large sum of money was realized, which
will be turned over in aid of the ma
chinists.
Arrangements were in charge of Ed Ho- j
man, Dennis Denehy, Alec • Greggains,
Billy Cleary, Ed Harrington, Charles
Kane and Billy Granfield.
Will Call a Convention.
The Union Labor party is preparing a
plan of campaign for the coming election.
A committee ht seven has been appointed
to prepare a preamble and declaration of
principles. The executive committee has
been charged with the formal organiza
tion of the party. , ,
A call will be issued in a few days to
all the unions in the city, some 125 in num
ber, to send four delegates each to a con
vention to be held about six weeks hence.
No distinction will be made between un
ions regarding membership. Each one
will be put on an equal basis of represent
tation. '
It la claimed by Chairman Less of the
executive committee that there are about
72,000 union men in this city. It is pro
posed to nominate a complete municipal
ticket, and if the result of the election is
satisfactory to extend the scope of the
party to State and national affairs. ,
Machinists Making Ef
forts to Replete
Treasury.
PLAN TO RAISE
NEEDED MONEY
CLEVELAND, July 14.— On July 31 Ohio
Democrats who believe in Bryan and the
issues which he represents, which the re
cent convention ignored, will assemble in
Columbus and make up a State ticket.
The Bryan men met to-day in an office
building in this city and decided . that a
bolt should be made and a new party en
ter the field of Ohio politics. The attend
ance at the conference was large and rep
resented a greater area In the State than
was expected by those who called the
meeting.
A formal statement of principles was
submitted to the conference and was
adopted. This will be printed and sent
throughout the State . to those who are
determined to: be faithful to the Nebras
kan. A convention was decided on to be
held on the last day. of July, To this con
vention may come all those who may sign
their names to the declaration of prin
ciples. .- "• _ _. -_¦ - ' >y- ' •
Boston owes $105 72 per inhabitant; Mon
treal owes $92; Cincinnati owes $83. Other
American and Canadian cities owe less.
Call a Convention to
Nominate a State
Ticket.
The twenty-fifth annual picnic and out
ing of the Draymen and Teamsters,'
•Union, which was held yesterday, at
tracted more than 1000 picnickers to
Schuetzen Park. From the moment the
crowd reached the shady hills and .vales
of the park until the time of the depart
ure of the last train for home not a single
unenjoyablo moment was passed. So well
had the committee of arrangements per
formed its duties that there was amuse
ment galore for everybody. The manage
ment of the park voted the picnic one of
the most orderly and best conducted ever
held on the grounds.
" After the last train had arrived and the
picnickers had finished their lunches the
races and games began. The contests,
which were for prizes of considerable
value, excited great interest and in many
cases much merriment. In the fat men's
race, which was by long odds' the event
of the day, Daniel Keating, president of
the Draymen and Tteamsters' Union, won
by a magnificent spurt, which gained for
him the applause of every fair lady pres
ent.
¦ More interest than usual was attached
to the picnic this year by reason of its
proximity to the twenty-fifth anniversary
of the founding of the order. This anni
versary falls on the 26th of November and
will be fittingly celebrated by a grand
ball and entertainment at Union Square
Hall.
The officers of the union and the com
mittees to whose efforts is due in a great
measure the success of yesterday's out
ing are as follows:
President, D. W. Keating; vice president, J.
Steuart; treasurer, John French* financial sec
retary, Daniel Kltzpatrlck; recording secretary,
L. Dcoley; eergeant-at-arms, C. J. Barrle;
floor manager, J. H. McGuire; committee of
arrangements— T. F. Noonan, S. Englanaer,
H. Felge, D. Keating, F. Markey, Dan Fltz
patrlck, J. Pearsen and J. Stewart.
The results of the races were as fol
lows :
Race for girls under 9 years— First. Hattle
Baker; second, Sophie Hart; third, Epple
Baker.
Race for boys under 9 years — First, M. Crow;
second, Adam Baker; third, George O'Brien.
Race for girls under 15 years— First, Belle
Smith; second, Gertrude Baker; third, Kate
Barnes.
Race for boys under 15 years — First, Joe
Murphy; second, Ira. Torrence; third, Joe Mc-
Carthy.
Race for young ladies— First, Lily Iverson;
second, Jennie Smith; third, Mae Mulqueeny.
Race for young men — First, Joe Sullivan; sec
ond, Robert Ross; third, Arthur Valente.
Race for married women— First, Mrs. Kelly;
second, Mrs. Cunningham; third. Mrs. Drisch..
Members' race— First, Frank Markey; second,
James Burk; third. Lester Forrest.
Fat ladles' race— Flret, Mrs. Darragh; sec
ond, Miss Kate Riordan; third. Miss Powers.
¦ Fat men's race— First, Dan Keating; second,
' J. -Vincent; third, W. Johnson.
" Race for members of the committees — First.
Frank Markey; second, W. Hughes; third, D.-
M. Keating.
Race for members orer 45 years— First, Adam
Baker; second, G. Hubbard, third, Robert
Baker.
OHIO BRYANITES
DECIDE TO BOLT
Orderly Crowd Enjoys an
Outing at Schu
etzen Park.
above is a copy of the letter of appreciation sent by Robert WIeneke,
| grand marshal of the Schuetzen Verein, to Mrs. J. J. Wolf. Mrs. "Wolf Is
| the author of the "Schuetzen March and Two-Step" that was published in
II The Call last Sunday. She did Mr. Wleneke the honor of dedicating to him
this creation of her musical genius.
tfliis is not Mrs. Wolf's first composition. She has written many popular bits
of music, among which is the McKinley "Welcome March." This was played by
all the bands during the stay of the President in San Francisco, and has become
quite a favorite.
The "Schuetzen March" is remarkably catchy and melodious, and promises to
occupy a place of its own In the "ears of the musically inelined. So great has been
the demand for it since its publication in The Call that Mrs. Wolf has had it print
ed in sheet form, so it may be obtained at all the leading music stores.
TEAMSTERS HOLD
ANNUAL PICNIC
ness* OCrn 0i^nneUco . ¦ •
. fean f:anden,_^i July 8th jggj,
(Dictated.)
MRS.. J. J. WOLF, City— My Dear Madam: I beg
of you to accept my sincere thanks for the
honor you have bestowed upon rae in dedicating
to the name of your humble servant the beauti
¦ ' 'Schuetzen March' ' as composed and written
by yourself. As this is the first occasion
that I have been fortunate enough to be so hon
ored I beg of you to accept my sincere thanks
for your kind thought, and believe me sin
cerely appreciative of your effort and the re
gard you have shown me in bestowing my name
upon the same. . Sincerely yours,
. - ¦ . .... .
Prominent Member of the National Shooting Bund Expresses
Appreciation, in a Letter to Mrs." J. J. Wolf, for Honor
Bestowed in Dedicating ,to Him "Musical Composition
GRAND MARSHAL WIENEKE
AND "SCHUETZEN MARCH"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JULY 15, 1901.
from Salinas on Saturday and, accom
panied by a few friends, went up to th€
church, "where they were united. After
the ceremony there was a bridal breakfast
at a downtown restaurant and then Mr.
and Mrs. Card left for a southern bridal
tour.
The bride looked extremely pretty in a
JOURNEY FROM SALINAS
TO MARRY IN THIS CITY
E. W. C?rd of Spreckels and Miss Josephine Belmpur, Pop
ular Belle of Salinas, Are Married in Chapel of -Trinity
Church, a Few Friends Witnessing the Ceremony
7
_,-_,-,_ w^_^ _ _ _ _ _ ADVEKTISEMENTS. v
Many babies take large quanti-
ties of food but get little nourishment.
It is what is digested, not what
is eaten r that nourishes.
Mellin's Food with fresh milk js
like mother's milk, is all digestible
and nourishing.
-
We wfll send yon a book filled with pictures of beautifiil "MeHIa 1 * Food Babies." sad a
sample of Mellin's Food, if you will send ns your name on a postal. -«¦* ¦
They are both free and you will be glad to get them.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
AMTTSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE IN' ALL ITS MODERN RE-
FINEMENT!
CHEVALIER ENRICO MARIO SCOGXAMIL-
LO; DEMM BROTHERS; CHARLES LEO-
NARD FLETCHER; GILBERT and GOL-
DIE; IBVING JONES: CLAYTON WHITE
and MARIE STUART; PROSPER
TROUPE; BIOGRAPH AND
Last Appearance In Vaudeville of
ETTA BUTLER!— —
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony.. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMING: JEAJTIARCEL'S FAMOUS
ART PRODUCTIONS. TWENTY-FIVE
PARISIAN MODELS.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THIRD "WEEK— BIG HIT! """
EVERYTHING NEW AND NOVEL.
THE BABES
H! WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman.
MUSIC AND FUN GALORE!
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
€%*"? H1ATR S ¦ Ar
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS "WEEK,
Positively the L3st of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE. Supported by White
;..;-; Whlttlesey, in
. ¦ <»
Next Week-'THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All. thla week,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
A Colossal and Stupendous Production of
"MICHAEL STROGOFF"
Magnificent spectacular features. Gorgeous
- . scenery,
A Profusion of Wonderful Features,
JAMES ftl. BROPHY
\AND A GREAT CAST,
DDirCC Evenings........ lOo, 15o, 25o, 35c, 50c
rUlVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25o
- -i V - Next Week— "TRILBY,",
FT*5fIHP'R IS ? CONCERT HOUSE.
ridUilUn O Admission lUc.
CHARITY MARTIN. G, S, WANRELL,
Plstro Buazi, James J, Mackey. Clinton Mont-
gomery, tha Kelcey Sisters. Baby Ruth and
Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
- Reserved Seats, • 25c. Matinee Sunday,
AUniSEMEUTS.
LAST NIGHT TO-NIGHT BUT FIVE!
7ASBWSLI. TO I'MSCD.TT i nTT"| T|T\
Good-by Matinee Sat. J j \\ I 8 1
Positively Last Time I I \\\ j 1 aj JLJ
Xxt Sat. Ngt. July -*>• 1 | 15 I fl O
CHARLES . I I I Q 3 I 3 i i
PRODUCTION
By Arrangement Wltll
DAVID BKLASCO. .
Paul M. Potter's ISiSg-/
Bis Drama on TTr; (l.
Ouida's Famous Novel. || T 1 H* M
Over 100 Peode. I J i fl 1 t 1 I
ADM TO H I fl I, V
BLANGHF PATES 1 JjilUlJ
as "CIGARETTE." -»••• w iw
FY'Ra ? IBSEN MATINEE
i-^ *.re.^a. i with miss bat^s.
FRIDAY AFT.. JULY 13, AT 2:30,
One Performance Only of Henrlck Ibsen's ¦
. HRDDA GrtBl-reR.
Blanche Bates as the heroine. Seats and
boxe3 now ready. Next Monday — CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT, In "GARRETT O'MAGH."
Commencing THIS MONDAT EVENING.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
"Will Present Another Great Drama,
The White Heather
The cast will Include Mary Van Buren, Kath-
arine Grey, E. J. Morgan, John Mason, Theo-
dore Roberts and the first appearance of Har-
rington Reynolds this season.
SAME PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, all Matineea, 25c,
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
COLEMAN and MEXIS; P. J. DUFFY; KAI^
ACRATUS; ADRIENNE MOREE ; P.
RICHARDS; SPENSER KELLY; NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
AMATEUR NIGBT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
:. OF»EN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO II B. M,
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c fill CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, including admission. 25c; children 20c
(A PALACE y^*
Connected by a covered pas-
sageway and operated Jointly
under one management on the
American and European plans.
1400 rooms; 900 with batb.3.
\^
Weekly CafllLOO prYer
NEW ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
US' GOOD OLD FASHIONED DAYS
Powdered Wigs Formed an. Impor-
tant Adjunct to a Gentleman's
Apparel.
It Is eafe to say that the majority of
bald men of to-day would gladly revive
the old, dignified custom if they could.
But they can do the next best thing to It;
that Is, to revive the growth of the hair
nature save them.
In cases where the hair root or hair bulb
has not been completely destroyed by par-
asites that infest it Newbro's Herpicide
will <jo wonders In the way of stimulating
the growth of lifeless and falling hair.
Destroy the cause, you remove the effect-
That Is the successful mission of Herpl-
dde.
©VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for KEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost
„_.. Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame .Back,
• Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, gt Varicocele or Con- '
etipatlon. Stop Ne f^ MM rvous Twitching :
of Eyelids. Effects TTZ.^!zL are Immediate '
Impart vijror and *»«¦»«» potency to every I
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for J2 60 by mail. A wVitten guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
49 Ellis Bt., San Francisco, Cal/ GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third 8t_
ADWAX'S READY KIX1KF ha» stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy, it Instantly relieves and quickly
cures ail Colds, Sore Threats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.'
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria, and all Bowel Pains. All OrusKlslm.BLOOMER GIRLS OF CIVILIZA
TION'S CENTER SHOW NATION
AL GAME AS SHE IS PLAYED.
?Did not cross finishing line.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
HEALDSBURG, July 14.— The Healds
burg ball team easily defeated the Amigos
of San Francisco ¦ to-day by a score of 19
to 2. Hall of the local team was invinci
ble, only three' hits being made off his de
livery. .
¦ • . •
Healdsburg- Defeats Amigos.
STOCKTON, July 11-The Oakland
Elks crossed bats with the Stockton fra
ternity to-day and showed their skill on
th» diamond by beating the locals by a
score of 10 to 8. A large and enthusiastic
crowd witnessed the game, which was
above the average for amateurs.
Good Game by Elks at Stockton.
SUISUN, July 14.— Suisun defeated the
Dan P. Carter team of San Francisco b"y
a score of 6 to 5 this afternoon. It was
the most exciting game here this season
and was attended by over 1000 people.
The batteries were: Suisun— Ward and
Farrell; Carters— Clark and Byrnes.
Suisun Defeats the Carters.
SAN RAFAEL, July 14.— One of the
best games of baseball seen here this
season was played at the Easlside
grounds this afternoon between the
Nobles of San Francisco and the San Ra
faels. The game was spirited and some
pretty plays were made by the members
of both teams during the nine innings. In
the last inning the local team got the de
ciding run and the San Rafaels won
with a score of 3 to 2.
San Bafaels Beat the Nobles.
Deciding course —Luxor beat Flying Fox, 3-2.
Puppy stake, third round —B. Sllva's Funston
beat Chlarlni Bros.' Tame Tralee, 16-S; Sterl
& Knowles' Freeze Out beat J. Seggerson's
Algle McDonald, 14-4.
Deciding course—Freeze Out won by default.
0 .;..;,.:.lI,,i..i..T..I..I..;..I..I..I..I..I,,I, :., H..;..I..H. o
*Evans 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 5 4 0 27 14 0
SACRAMEXTO.
AB.* R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, «. b 4 1 1 2 1 2 0
McLoughlln. 1. f 4 1 2 1 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 2 0 0 0 4 2 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 10 1 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 110 6 10
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 9 10
Sheehan, 3b 4 11 0 1 1 0
McGucken, c. f ..3 1 2 0 3 0 0
Btrlcklett, p 3 110 12 1
Totals 31 6 9 3 27 9 ~1
•Evans batted for Whalen.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 3 0 0 0 0 10 0—5
Base hits 1 10 10 0 10 0—4
Sacramento 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—6
Base hits 1 7 0 0 0 10 0 0—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Iburg 6, Stricklett 5.
Home runs—Stricklett. Pabst. Three-base hit—
McLauphlln. Sacrifice hits—Hlldebrand. Stan
ley. First base on errors—San Francisco 1.
First base on balls—Whalen 4. Stricklett 6. Left
on bases—San Francisco 6. Sacramento 3
Struck out—By Iburg 2. by Stricklett §, by
"Whalen 3. Hit by pitcher—Schwartz. Double
plays—Krug to Pabst to Reilly; Graham to
Schwartz. Wild pitch—Whalen. Time of game
—1:50. Umpire—Graves. Scorer—Rutherford.
Fifth round— Flying Fox beat Bonnie Pasha,
5-0; Luxor beat Wedgewood, 10-4; Rector beat
Herschel's Pride, 12-9; Little Sister beat Van
dal, 5-3.
Sixth round— Flying Fox beat Little Sister,
8-5; Luxor, a bye.
Fourth round— Flying Fox beat Olita, 6-4:
Bonnie Pasha beat For Glory. 8-6: Wedgewood
beat John Doe. 10-3; Luxor beat Xarclssus, 5-0;
Rector beat Bona Fide. 5-2; Herschel's Pride
beat Rocker, 5-0; Vandal beat Agamemnon, 4-0;
Little Sister, a bye.
Third round— Olita beat Cash, 7-0; For Glory
beat Vulcan. 4-1; Flying Fox beat Frisco Lad.
6-2; Bonnie Pasha beat Roman Athlete, 3-1;
John Doe beat Lady Clare, 3-2; Wedfjewood,
a bye; Luxor beat White Hat, 5-0; Bona Fide
beat War Eagle. 5-1; Narcissus beat Rienzi,
4-2; Rector beat Shadow, 5-3; Rocker beat
Warpath, 8-4; Herschel's Pride beat Hot Haste,
4-0; Agamemnon beat Sir Lawrence, 4-1; Van
dal beat St. Helen, 3-2; Little Sister beat King
Cotton, 6-2.
A- R. Curtis' Luxor annexed the big 120
dog stake yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. The result surprised the wise^ ones
somewhat, not that the winner was a
newcomer, for he has been at the game
for a long while, and as a final getter, too,
but the almost unanimous verdict of the
talent, rendered some time ago, was that
Luxor had run his last final. Nor was
that all the luck that was credited to Al
bert Curtis, for before the dogs were
slipped for the deciding course first, sec
ond and third money was already his,
with Flying Fox as runner-up and Rector
reaching the semi-final.
The day's coursing was unusually good,
and but few flukey trials were recorded.
Down toward the finish of the card the
favorite players were made unhappy by
the unlooked for results. Luxor had beat
en Ripple, "White Hat and Narcissus with
out giving them a point, and then was
booked to race with Wedgewood, the
stake favorite. Jones' dog was made a 3
to 1 choice but failed to land. Rector came
next, and upset the figuring -of the wise
ones by getting the flag in a hard course
from Herschel's Pride, a 2 to 1 favorite,
and Little Sister followed by beating Van
dal at the same price. Flying Fox beat
Sister, and because of Rector's withdraw
al Luxor had a bye in the semi-final.
In the closing round the dogs were at
even at slip time. They ran an undecided,
and in the run-off the Fox was made
choice at 2 to 1. He showed the speed and
got a close turn. Luxor made a point and
scored the kill. ' , . • - ¦ • '
Harlean Gladys went out in her first
course to Rienzi. It was ten to one that
she would get the flag from him, or at
least the talent figured that way. The
dogs went up the field like a double team.
When nearing the hare and as Gladys
6teadied herself for a drive Rienzi dashed
in, got the kill and was hailed the win
ner. Other short ends were: Vulcan beat
"Warship. Tyrone Prince beat Wedgewood.
For Glory beat Sir Pasha and was beaten
by Bonnie Pasha at 3 to 1; Lady Clare
beat Game Boy, Lilac beat Candelaria,
Sir Laurence beat Golden Russet, John
Doe beat Lady Clare, Bonnie Pasha beat
Roman Athlete at 5 to 3.
In the puppy stake Freeze Out won by
default from Funston.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores,; follow:
Open stake, second round — Sterl & Knowles"
Ollta beat F. A. McComb's Patriot, 6-1; P.
M. Curtis' Cash beat P. J. Reilly' s Honesty,
2-0; A. B. Curtis' Vulcan beat F. A. McComb's
Warship, 3-0: Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, 4-1; E. M. Kel
logrg's Frisco Lad beat A. Vanderberg's
Naughty Girl, 4-2; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat J. Cane's Greenhall, 6-0; Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat T. J. Cronin's Parlor
Maid. 4-0; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat
Thomas Mailer's Bad Boy. -4-3; J. R. McCar
thy's John Doe beat O. Zahl's Homer Boy,
6-2; D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat Star Ken
nels' Game Boy, 3-2; F. Jones' Wedgewood
beat Aeneld Kennels' Achilles, 5-0; H. Lynch's
Lilac beat A. R. Curtis' Candelaria. 4-3; L.
M. Connell's White Hat beat Star Kennels'
Blackhead, 3-2; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple beat
A. R. Curtis' Luxor, 7-0; P. M. Curtis' War
Eagle beat T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnie R, 6-0;
P. M. Curtis' Shadow beat P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold. 5-0; P. M. Curtis' Narcissus
beat Georgre Sherman's Bowery Boy. 5-0; F. A.
McComb'6 Bona Fide beat Russell & Allen's
Spiteful. 5-2; A. R. Curtis' Rector beat E. M.
Kellogg'B Sweet Emma. 6-3; P. M. Curtis'
Warpath beat F. A. McComb's Motto, 5-0; F.
B. Gerber's Rienzi beat F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys, 2-0; Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat J.
Maryland's The Grafter, 6-4; Star Kennels'
Herschel's Pride beat Chiarinl Bros." Santonin,
4-0; F. A. McComb's Hot Haste beat Russell
& Allen's Talk to Me, 4-0; Aeneid Kennels'
Agamemnon beat Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter, 7-2; J. Dowllng's Sir Lawrence beat
P. Jackson's Golden Russet, 3-1; L. M. Con
nell's St. Helen beat Pasha Kennels' Rollick
ing: Airs, 5-3; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat A.
Vanderwhite's Lear KinR. 8-3; F. A. McComb's
Little Sister beat J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince,
3-2; A. R. Curtis' King Cotton beat Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence, 3-0.
Freeze Out Gets First Honors
by Default in the
Puppy Class.
A. R. Curtis' Kennel Runs
One-Two-Three in
the Event.
LUXOR ANNEXES
BIG OPEN STAKE
Oakland Men No Match
for the Southern
Players.
LOOLOOS TAKE
TWO IN IN A DAY
Hodson Loses Control and
Rube Levy Loses the
Crowd.
The wind blew all ways at once out at
the Harrison street baseball grounds yes
terday afternoon, and Reuben Levy's de
cisions followed the wind. Reuben tried
to be fair. He did not give either nine
the worst of it. He was just impartially
rank and the crowd lit into him.
But that was not the reason the ycung
men from the 6unny citrus belt walloped
the Dudes all around the lot. Mr. Hod
son of the Oakland aggregation, ran. a race
with the wind lor control, for one thing,
and lost it. Then the Looloos had their
batting clothes on and the fit of them was
beautiful to see. Also they played strong
to the pitching of young Mr. Jones, who
was closing his record-winning stunt that
day, and who could not be rattled, no mat
ter what the bleachers and the coachers
and the grand stand did to him. For the
crowd was with Oakland. That waa what
made the drubbing they were given more
beautiful to see to the eyes of the lovers
of fair play.
It began in the first inning and was
carried right out to the end. Brockhoff
struck out and Reitz went out from third
to first. Then the young men from Or
angeland broke off a trick they have of
playing winning ball with two men out.
Hutchinson made a two-bagger to deep
left along the line and Householder fol
lowed with one just like it in right field,
Bcoring Hutchinson. Then Reilly went out
to flrfct.
It was one. two, three for Oakland, and
then Householder laid down to rest in the
shade of the right field fence and was
called home by the umpire. Los Angeles
pushed Spies around in the second on a
bunt by Kelly, a wild throw to second by
Lohman and a. sacrifice by Brockhofit that
covered a pretty double steal by Spies and
Kelly, and again it was one, two, three
and out for Oakland.
Neither nine could do anything in the
third. In the fourth Spies flew out to cen
ter and Jones got to first. Brockhoff look
a walk on four balls and went ahead one
on Reitz' safe hit to right, Jones scoring.
Brockhoff scored on Hutchinson's hit and
that made two. Truck Eagan made a home
run over the fence for Oakland in this
inning, but that was all they could o.
It was blank all in the fifth. In the sixth
the heavy stick work of the Angels push
ed Brockhoff around, and the Oaklahds
got one also, because the gentleman who
plays in right field for the southerners
dropped two easy flies, one from Strieb
and the other from Arrellanes.
LOS ANGELES.
The seventh and the eighth were blank
and each side scored one in the ninth.
Also Mr. Reilly of Los Angeles cleverly
held up the umpire for a few minutes; dis
cussing the policy of permitting small
boys to gather within the foul lines, while
Jones got breath to go on with his pitch-
Ing. The score:
_ , v AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf 4 2 10 10 1
Reitz, 2b 3 0 2 16 6 0
Hutchinson, lb 5 12 0 7 0 0
Householder, cf 6 0 2 0 3 0 0
Bowman, If 6 0 2 12 0 0
C Reilly, Sb 3 0 0 0 0 10
Pple«. c 6 2 3 1 B 1 0
Kelly, es 4 0 12 8 10
Jones, p 6 11 0 0 0 0
Totals 39 6 14 6 }¦ 9 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 6 0 2 0 2 0 0
Babbitt. Sb S 0 0 0 2 2 0
Streib, rf 4 110 6 10
Eagan, lb 4 12 0 8 0 0
£>unleavy. If ....... 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Francks. ee 4 0 0 112 1
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 1 0. 1 2 0
Luhman, c 4 1 1 0 S 4 1
Hodscn, p 10 0 0 12 0
tMoskiman 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 32 3 7 1 »26 13 3
•Kelly out, Mt by batted ball. tMoskiman
batted for Hodson in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 11020100 1— C
Base hits 31031111 3—14
Oakland 0 0010100 1—3
Base hits 0 1110200 2—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 2, Hodson 6.
Home runs— Eapan. Two-base hits—Hutchin
son, Householder, Lohman. Sacrifice hits—
Reilly, Reitz. First base on errors— Los An
treles 3. Oakland 1. First base on called balls-
Los Angeles 4. Oakland 3. Left on bases — Los
Angeles 13. Oakland 8. Struck out— By Jones
4, by Hodson 3. Hit by pitcher— Reilly. Double
play— Streib to Babbitt. Passed ball— Spies.
Wild pitch— Hodson. Time of game— One hour
and thirty-five minutes. Umpire — Rube Levy.
Official scorer— McFarlin.
MORNING GAME-
OAKLAND.
There was nothing: to boast of In the
batting way in the morning game at Oak
land, although both Drennan and Hutch
insorx made home runs. Hutchinson lost
the ball in the trees beyond the right field
fence, and saved the game for his side.
The men in both clubs hit", it is true, but
not at critical times. It was in this game
that Jones began his record-breaking per
formance of pitching two winning games
in one day. He wanted to show his friends
what he could do, he said. The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. I h 12 0 10 0
Babbitt. 3b S 0 2 0 1 1 0
Streib. r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
E&Earv. lb 2 0 1 0 17 0 0
Dunltsvy. 1. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
rranoks, ss 4 0 0 0 2 5 0
Arrcllanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 4 1
Lohman, c 4 110 2 2 0
Johnson, p 3 0 0 0 1 4 0
*Moskiman 10 10 0 0 0
Totals ...34 2 7 0 27 17 1
•Batted for 'Johnson in ninth inning.
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brcekhoft, r. f h 0 0 0 1 0 0
Reltz. 2b 6 12 0 16 1
Hutchinmon, lb 4 1 2 2 11 0 0
Householder, c. f....3 0 1 1 4 0 0
Bownu'n. 1. f 3 0 0 '0 0 0 0
<*. Reilly, 3b 3 0 1 0 1 1 0
Ppl'-s. c 10 117 0 0
Kelly, es 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Jones, p 4 110 0 0 0
Totals 32 3 8 4 27 8 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Lob Anpeles 0 0 10 2 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 13 12 10 0 0—8
Oakland 0 0 10 10 0 0 0—2
Base hits 1 0 10 2 10 1 1—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 3. Jones 2
Home rtin«— Drennan. Hutchinson. Two-base
hits— Jones, Reltz <2), Lohman, Eagan. Sacri
fice hit?— Bowman, Boies, StreJb. First base
on errors— Los Angeles 1. Oakland 1. First
l>ase on callwl balls— Loe Angeles 4. Oakland
2. I>tt on basee— Los Anseles 8. Oakland 9
Struck out— By Johre >n 1, by Jones 6. Time
of srame— 1 hour and 35 minutes. Umpire
Rube Levy. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
"Wasps Have Hard Luck.
SACRAMENTO, July 14. — Iburg suc
cumbed to the heat in the second inning
and pave the Sacramento team a bunch
of hits which netted six runs. Whalen
succeeded Iburg and the local men could
do nothing with him. Stricklett was wild
furnishing many hands with transporta
tion to first. He was touched for onlv
four safe hits, but one of these, by Pabst
was an over-the-fencer. San Francisco
could do no better than five runs. Um
pire Graves was exceedingly raw in his de
cisions and gave the locals the best of it.
Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
Iburg. p: 0 0 0 0 1 10
tYnalcTi. p 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. \ E
Cmll. c. t 6 1 1 0 ion
Hlldobrand. 1. f 3 0 1.6 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 10 0 0 4 0 n
Pabst, lb 4 1 1 0 S 2 0
Krug. s. » 4 1 1 0 4 6 •' • 0
Nordyke. r. f 3 1 0 0 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b..,.'. 3 1 0 0 1 1 0
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 & 1 0
PHILADELPHIA. July 14.— The annual
regatta of the. National Association of
Amateur Oarsmen over the national course
of the Schuykill River occurs next Friday
and' Saturday afternoons. The several
events have filled well, the entries includ
ing crew3 from Toronto and Winnipeg 1 .
Manitoba. The Schuylkill Navy, which is
a central organization of nearly all the
local rowing clubs, hats about completed
its work of arranging for the regatta and
the entertainment of visiting oarsmen
Mulcahey and Kafka, the two crack men
of the Atalanta Boat Club of New York'
Demourilli of the Young Men's QymnasMc
Club. New Orleans, and the Nonpareil In
termediate eight of New York arrived to
day. The Atalanta pair are entered m
the pair-oared and double shell events,
while Demourilli will try to beat his for
mer clubmate, Fred Titus, In the associa
tion. Among the expected Is Ed Ten Eyck
who is entered in the senior single raco
- The race that is attracting the most at
tention is that of the intermediate eights
The entries include the N.ew York Athle
tic Club, Metropolitan and Nonpareil of
New York; Manitoba Rowing Club and
the Walta. West Philadelphtas and tlM
Falrmounts of this city. The out-of-town
crews for this event are reported to be
very fast.
try and From Canada.
Crews Entered From Over the Coun-
BEADY FOR THE REGATTA.
SUMMARY OF BOWLIXO.
caX 16^ B m s - R S"- Maldens -™<*« t *.
Coles 124 67 3 4
Harbour IS U 0 0
Willis S8 23 0 1
Sollom 30 14 1 1
Myers 12 28 0 0
A meeting of the California Cricket As
sociation will be held this evening to con
sider the protest of the Alameda Cricket
Club against the status of the delegates
of the California Cricket Club. A large
attendance of delegates is expected.
Total for 9 wickets 533
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for «.
two for « three for 30, four for 51. five for 84.
5 U /?,*" li0 ' 8even for 11S - « ! « nt f °r 16 2. nine
lor 1S3.
SUMMARY OF BOWI*DTG.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick etfc
Croll 78 28 8' t~~-
Bird 36 11 3 * .
"Ward Jr 84 43 1 «
Fortmann 43 11-1 I »
Croll bowled one wide. ;;
ALAMEDA CRICKET CX.TTB.
R. B. Hogue, b. Casidy....... ~_-_- 9
O. I. Baugh. c Langdale. b. Coles....ntZ! i
J. J. Morey. c. Sollom. b. Coles !Z l3
E. J Croll. b. Coles '*~* «?
B. Bird, not out „ J^ gT
H. Ward Jr., c. Wilding, b. Casldy J1L 23
F Stahl. c. Coles, B. Sollom
w - £1 £? rtln £ nn «'. c : J , Lan S da lo. t>. Willis^. 1
W. Richter, b. Casldy i±
A. B. Willis, b. Coles "I'll 9
J; Brown, absent
Wldes 3. leg bye 1. byes 4 H. "j
Total ««i"«
Runs at fall of each wicket-One for 45, tw»
for 4S, three for 48. four for 53. ttv for «i atx
for 77, seven for 90. eight for 91. nln* for 93.
ten for 95. . .
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
WIN" AN EASY VICTORY
Bert Bird Hits Preely, Scoring Eigh-ty-
Seven Buns Without loosing
His Wicket.
The fourth meeting of the Alameda and
Pacific cricket teams during- the present
season took place yesterday on the ground
at Webster street, Alameda, the Alameda
team winning by the ample margin of 83
runs. This victory was almost entirely
due to the five Innings of B. Bird, who.
going Jn fourth wicket down, made 87
runs, not out. Included In this were eleven
fours and one hit for five. Harold Ward
scored 23, F. J. Croll 21 and W. Richter
14. Coles took four of the Alameda wick
ets and Cassidy captured three. The Pa
cific team went to the bat first, but only
Myers. Coles. Langdale and Cassidy ob
tained double figures, Myers* 27 bein? tha
top score. Ward Jr. took five wickets.
Croll four and Fortmann one. Tha full
details follow:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
John Myers, b. "Ward vr
W. Petherick, c. and b. Ward "" 1
?.- h&gir&izzzz..*- cwn —^
H. C. Casldy, b. Ward .'.'".'.'.Z11Z 17
J. H. Harbour, c. Willis, b. Ward... . J^Ztl •
T. J. A. Tiedemann, b. Croll ??->'fV"f '
V. P. Sollom..b. Croll Z •
A. B. WUUs, not out * o
Wide 1. leg bye 1. byes 2 ..JJH 4
On board Commodore Hawks* sloop May
during the race was Miss Blanche Bates,
who is enthusiastically fond of yachting
The race was under the management of
P. J. Martenstein, W. P. Harrold and E.
JE>. Learning.
Among the thirty-footers Carl "Wester
feld's sloop Aeolus beat the Truant and
two other competitors. In the yawl class
Frank Bartlett's Spray waa the only con
testant. In the class for boats having a
racing length of thirty-six feet and over
Jennings & Johns' sloop Speed-well ¦won
from her competitor, the sloop Ariel,
which went to her moorings instead or
crossing the finishing line. The owners of
the yachts Kittiwake, Discovery. Aeolus,
Emma and Speedwell, the winners In each
class, received a cup apiece. After the
presentation of the cups an informal Jinks
took place In the big room. The full de
tails are given In the table: '
The Corinthian Tacht Club held a highly
successful regatta In cruising rig yester
day, the course being from the moorings
to Presidio shoal buoy, leaving Arch
Rock and the buoy on the starboard hand.
and back across a line drawn from a.
corner of the clubhouse to a stakeboaO
anchored a few hundred feet off shore.
The crews of the yachta were ready In
the small boats, and at a signal from tha
bell rowed oft to tn«lr yachts, threw off
the gaskets, made sail and cast loose. Tha
wind at starting was light, but In getting
out of the cove freshened to a good sail
ing breeze.
On the return It was very light and
fluky near the finish. In the twenty-foot
class the yawl Klttiwake beat the sloop
Spider, which did not cross the finishing;
line, but went direct to her moorings* In
the twenty-flve-foot class the fin-keel Dis
covery beat her four competitors, th*
sloop Belle being only 32 seconds behind
her. May, Cupid and Merope finished
from 12 to 15 minutes later than the two
leaders.
ron to Presidio Shoal
Buoy and Back.
Contestants Sail»From Titua-
Corinthians' Successful
Regatta in Cruising
Rig.
YACHTS RACE
FOR TROPHIES
An Austrian officer, the Marchese Ta
coli, declined a challenge on account of
religious scruples two^ears ago. He was
not only degraded from his rank, but has
been ordered to serve out his time as a
private in the ranks.' 'vr-. '
SALINAS, July 14.— The fourth game of
the series between the Salinas and Santa
Cruz teams of the Central California
league here this afternoon resulted in fa
vor of Santa Cruz by a score of 1 to 0.
Santa Cruz Wins at Salinas.
Shuts Out the Milwaukees.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 14.— The locals shut out Mil
waukee In an interesting game to-day. Chi
cago bunched their hits In the first and second
innings and scored all their runs then. At
tendanoe 8900. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 1
Milwaukee 0 7 1
Batteries— Griffith and Sullivan; Reldy and
Connor.-
DETROIT. . July 14.— Teager pitched & splen
did game this afternoon and with the fine
fielding behind him shut out Cleveland. At
tendance 6000. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 5 4
Detroit • 6 9 2
Batteries— Dowllng and "Wood; J. Teager and
Buelow. "
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 14.— Plttsburg won a good
game to-day on TannehlU's masterly pitching
and the brilliant fielding of Ely. Rltchey and
Beaumont. Attendance 4000. Score:
. Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago : 17^ 1
Plttsburg 3 9 1
Batteries— Eason and KUngf Tannehlll and
Zimmer. Umpire— O'Day.
ST. LOUIS. July 14.— Taylor threw away his
game twice to-day by giving passes. New
York made one run In the tenth and St. Louis
tied the score, winning out in the twelfth by
two bases on balls, a sacrifice and a single.
Attendance- 19,000. . Score: »
. Clubs— - R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 14 2
New York 5 6 o
Batteries— Powell, Harper and Ryan; Taylor
and Warner. Umpire— Dwyer.
CINCINNATI, July 14.— Hahn was In great
form to-day and not a Brooklyn player reached
second base. Kltson was hammered from the
start to finish and was given very weak sud-'
port. Attendance 520O. Score:
. Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati " IS o
Brooklyn '. 0 3 3
Batteries— Hahn and -Bergen; Kltson and
McGuire. Umpire— Nash.
Chicago's American League Team
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Schumacher handicap trophy, twenty birds
ehot In ten singles and five pairs doubles, dis
tance handicap — Swales (IS yards), broke 17;
Debenham «(18 yards), broke 18; Hauer (20
yards), broke 18; Allen (18 yards), broke 12:
Searls (IS yards), broke 15; Fish (18 yards),
broke 13.
Several ten-bird events showed the following
scores: Swales 10, 5. 7. 6. 7. 7: Webb 9, 7. 3;
Fish 4 5, 4, 8; Reed 5, 7. 7, 7; Debenham 6.
7; Ireland 7. 8. 7; Balrd 8. 9, 6; Cullen 8, 6, 6;
Allen 8, 4; Searls 6. 6. 7, 8; Hauer 8. 6, 8.
Stats championship Yellowstone trophy, twen
ty-flve birds— Hauer. 21; Hauer, back score,
20-; Debenham, 21; Debenham, back score, 19;
Fish, 16; Fish, back score. 17; Reed, IS.
Second class— Swales (18 yards), broke- 21;
Hauer (20 yards), broke 20; Searls (13 yards),
broke 16; Reed (18 yards), broke 15; Debenham
(20 yards), broke 14; Baird (18 yards) broke 8.
Swales being; high in this class won the money,
*4 50.
Third class— Allen (18 yards) broke 17; Fish
(18 yards) broke 15; Cullen (18 yards) broke
14. Allen having highest ecore in this class
won the money. $3.
Webb 'and Ireland being tied for the first
money. $6, divided. The remaining classes shot
for the balance of the purse at twenty-flve
birds (fifteen singles and five pairs doubles),
distance handicap.
The scores in this event also classified for
the money match, and the shoot off for tho
club's monthly purse of $15 resulted as follows:
Club championship diamond medal, twenty
flve birds shot at— Webb, 25: Webb, back score,
21; Ireland, 21; Balrd, 19; Reed, 19; Swales, 19;
Hauer, 18; Debenham, 18; Searls, IS; Fish, 16;
Cullen. 15; Allen, 14.
The club's crack shot, A. J. Webb, kept
up his record by making a clean score of
twenty-flve breaks In the club champion
ship diamond medal race. For the mem
bers shooting through the State Cham
pionship Yellowstone Trophy event and
Schumacher Handicap Trophy match C.
W. Debenham and J. B. Hauer divided the
honors, each breaking twenty-one birds
in the former and eighteen in the latter
events. The complete scores in the sev
eral events follow:
The monthly flying target shoot held
by the Empire Gun Club at Alameda
Point yesterday was only fairly well at
tended, as many members are away in
the country at this period of the year.
The day was perfect and no fogr or wind
interfered with the shooters, which ac
counted for many of the good scores that
were recorded for the day.
Gun Club.
Pool shoot at 25 birds— E. Schultz 21. M. A.
Feudner 24. E. L. Forster 21, F. King 17. R. E.
Kerrlson 23, N. H. Neustadter 17, Klevesahl
19, Pete Wilson 19. Robinson 15. Shaw 19, Dono
hue 15. C. A. Halght 22, McConnell lb.
Olympia Gun Club, live bird shoot at 15
birds:
Slade .2 1211111211112 2—15
Shaw 2 2222*22*22222 2—13
Golcher 2 2111221220212 2—14
Jackson 2 212»121222102 1—13
Donahue 2 2211312101112 1—14
McCbnr.ell 1 0021001221002 2—10
M. Feudner 1 2211111112111 1—15
Jackson (back scr).l 1112211221122 2—15
Halght 1 0112202222221 2—13
Donohue (back scr).l 2222*11211222 1—14
Shaw (back score). 1 221222222222* 2—14
McConnelKback sc)2 2121121112*11 1—14
Pool shot at 10 birds:
Halght 2 1*111112 1— 9
Jackson 2 21211211 2—10
Shaw 0 222222200—7
Donohue 2 2*2212222— »
M. Feudner 2 12 2 0 0 wlthdr'w
Rosenberg 1 22111210 1—3
Oolcher 2 11212122 2—10
Pool shoot at 6 birds:
Donohue 1 1112 2 — 6
Rocenberg ; 0 2 2*12—4
Halght 1 12 0 2 2-5
Golcher > * 1 2 1 1 •— 4
McConnell 2 111*1—5
Jackson .2 112 12—6
SHOOTING AT ALAMEDA POINT.
Good Scores Are Made by the Empire
• Monthly shoot of San Francisco Gun Club at
25 birds— w. Murdock 16. M. A. Feudner 24,
E. L. Foster ?3, E. Schultz 24. F. Feudner 23.
N. H. Neu«tadter 21. R. E. Kerrlson 20. F.
King 19, N. H. Neustadter (back score) 23. E.
L. Forster (back score) 25. E. Schultz (back
score) 23. F. Feudner (back score) 21, C. A.
Halght 23, J. Bruns 21, Pete Wilson 24, Kleve
sahl 17, J. Bruns (back score) 22, Rosenberg
21. Rosenberg (back score) 18. Golcher 23.
Sweeney 22.
¦ The bluerock and live bird shooting at
Ingleslde yesterday was exceptionally
good. In spite of several counter attrac
tions many marksmen were present, and
the guns cracked unceasingly from morn
ing until late in the afternoon. The fea
ture of the day's shooting was the 100-blrd
race for the Bekeart cup. A. J. Webb won
with a score of 94. M. A. Feudner was a
close second with. 90 and E. Schultz and
N. J. Golcher tied for third with 84 yoints.
F. Fe'Jdner, C. A, Halght and J. Bruna
also took part, peering 81, S3 and 83, re
spectively. Immediately after the con
test M. A. Keudner challenged the winner
to another prize shoot, to be held In the
near future. In the live bird shooting the
•work of Jackson was particularly prom
inent. The scores for the day are as fol
lows:
Exciting Contest for the
Bekeart Cup Is Won
by A. J.Webb. .
Marksmen Show Skill on
Bluerocks and :
Live Birds.
TRAP SHOOTING
AT INLESIDE
p»^-|F«^HERE are only three disengaged
1 1 grain vessels In port and the own-
II er of at least one of them seems
,11 to think that freight rates are
going to jump. The British ship
Toxteth arrived here on June 15 and her
owners have since refused 3t)s 6d to load
grain for Europe. The firm that made
the offer deemed it a very liberal one, as
the Toxteth will carry nearly 5000 tons
of wheat, but the owners did not look at
it in the same light. As no higher bid
was made the ship has been taken to
Martinez and will lay up there until rates
reach the owners', expectations or drop
out of sight.
Of the other disengaged vessels in port
the Willy Rickmers and Otto Gildemeister
are tied up owing to the strike, the Max
well and Allerton will probably be char
tered this week and the Henry B. Hyde
and Henry Failing will probably load for
Australia or China. The steamships Arab
and Alameda also figure among the dis
engaged fleet, but they also are tied up
because of the strike.
Lahaina Is a Clipper.
The new barkentine Lahaina did re
markably well on her maiden run to the
Sound. It took her eleven days to make
tho run to Port Hadlock," but then she
had to buck a northwester all the way up
tho coast. In a letter to the builders
Captain Carlson said she was a fine
weather boat and made twelve knots an
hour, close hauled on the wind. Run
ning free and the wind abeam the cap
tain thinks the Lahaina will easily make
fourteen knots. The barkentine is bound
for Shanghai and her owners expect her
to make a record run.
?
News of the Sugar Fleet.
The bark Albert sailed for Honolulu
yesterday morning. She took quite a
number of passengers, among whom was
Mrs. Turner, wife of the chief officer.
This is the lady's first voyage and it was
only her husband's coaxing that got her
on the water.
Three of the belated fleet made port
yesterday. The barkentine Archer and
the bark Kaiulani . came in almost to
gether, but the Archer beat the Kiau
lani three days in the run from Honolulu.
Both vessels report light winds and
calms.
The French bark Montebello, seventy
five days from Newcastle, Australia, also
made port yesterday. The voyage was an
uneventful one.
Engineers to Hold an Election.
Since the disappearance of Frank
Bragg, the Marine Engineer's Association
has been without a secretary. An elec
tion will be held in a few days and half
a dozen candidates are out drumming up
votes. A thorough examination was made
of the late secretary's books and instead
of his being short the association owed
him money. It is said that Bragg if in
a private sanitarium in Southern Cali
fornia. He is supposed to have wandered
away while mentally unbalanced.- Some
one of the engineers on the coasting fleet
ran. across him in one of the southern
ports, so It is said, and placed him la the
sanitarium, where he is -now slowly re
covering.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Dan James of the tug Ida w
has a new deckhand of whom he expects
great things. Saturday evening he was
short a man and "hired". Jke Tuchler to
help him dock the schooner Czarina.
When the tug got alongside the codnsher
it was found that the only man aboard
was Captain Walstedt. All the others
had gone uptown to celebrate the big
catch made in Bering Sea. When it came
to a question of getting up the schooner's
anchor the captain wanted to send ashore
for men. Ike was equal' to the occasion,
however. "You pull on one capstan bar,
captain," said he. "and I'll pull on an
other, and I think we can. manage." Ike
worked harder for fifteen minutes than
he ever did in his life before, but finally
he got that fifteen fathom of chain in
and now Captain Dan looks upon him
as a world beater. - .
There is ¦ still no Word from the Nome
steamers St. Paul and Conemaugh. The
John S. Klmball, which „ arrived on the
Sound last night, will probably bring
some news of their .whereabouts.
The transport Grant sails " for Manila
and the Mail Company's Peru will be due
from the Orient to-morrow. : ,-
William McDermott was caught on the
water front yesterday ' with, an
fan in his possession. by Detectives Egan
and' Freel. He said he bought it from
a stranger for 25 cents. The explanation
was not ; satisfactory, so he was locked
up en a charge of petty larceny.
A party of Italians, composed of three
men and two children, got a ducking yeB
terday. They were driving along Fisher
men's wharf in a wagon when the horse
began to back and finally pushed the
wagon and its occupants overboard and
then followed itself. The fishermen
pulled the entire party out.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July 14.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, from San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 16V4 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48 hours.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
Stmr ' Seouoia. ."Winkle. 15 hours from Fort
Bragc-
Stmr Gipsy, Smith, 24 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridxett, 44 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 21 hours from
Eureka; bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers. „ . '
Stmr Aloha. "Wahman, 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr San Pedro, Allen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Fr bark Montebello. Marchandeau, 75 days
from Newcastle. Australia.
Barge Santa' Paula. McGovern. 40 hours from
Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Alcalde, Johnson. '3H hours from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. S hours from Bo
dega.
SAILED.
Sunday. July 14.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. ' Portland.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Seattle.
Bark Albert, Griffiths. Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Crangle, .
Schr Mary E Rues, Nyman, Coos Bay.
Schr Western Home, Jacobson, Coos Bay.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, Eureka.
.' MISCELLANEOUS.
The anchor and 30 fathoms of chain belong
ing to the U S stmr Iowa was picked up to-,
day by the wrecking: stmr Catallna.
GOLOVIN BAY, July 4— Stmr Ruth, from Se
attle for CaDe Nome, went ashore; badly,
damaged; lost rudder; leaking 10 -inches per
hour. On July 2 stmr St Paul went ashore
at St Michael; got off next tide.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 20 miles per hour. ..
DOMESTIC PORTS. ;£
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Chlco, - hence June 15.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 14— Stmr John S
Klrnball, from Nome. • ¦
Sailed July 13— Stmrs Cottage City and Vic
torian, for Ekaguay.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 14— Stmr John S
Klmball, from Nome, for Seattle; schr Maria
E Smith, for San Francisco: Nor stmr Tita
nla, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 14— Stmr Eureka,
hence July 13.
Sailed July 14— Schr Abble, for San Fran
cis :o.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 14— Stmr Rival,
hence July 10.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 14— Stmr Columbia,
hence July 12. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 14— Stmr Etrurik,
from New York, via Queenstown. ¦
t PHILADELPHIA — Arrived July 14— Stmr
Noordlan, from Liverpool.
ST JOHNS— Arrived July 14— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Halifax and
Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 14— Stmr Iver
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool. • ¦ '
Sailed July 14— Stmr - Lucanla, from - Liver
pool, for New York.
•
Sun, Moon ' and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times . and Heights of High and Low
"Waters - at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of ' the Superintendent.
¦ NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
t"wenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
- MONDAY, JULY 15.
th« early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time ot
day; the third time column gives the last tlda
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, T except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
ALOT of bloomer girls from Boston
—they have been a long time from
Boston and from anywhere — went
out in^ the lot on Harrison and
Eighth streets yesterday forenoon
to play ball with Bushnell's boys. They
could not play — not to any great extent —
but the boys were good to them and so
the exhibition was more interesting than
it would have been otherwise, perhaps.
They are good boys, those Bushnell boys.
They would succor beauty in distress
without doubt if they should chance to
The bloomer girls were in gaudy uni
form, and wore a uniform scowl— all but
the center fielder. She was a tentative
blonde, of the strawberry type, and the
comedienne of the aggregation. Between
times she chewed gum and ¦went among
the crowd in the stand and bleachers,
making remarks of the flippant kind and
selling photographs of her sisters in the
field. The crowd, which was fairly large
and more than fairly good-humored, re-
come across beauty In that plight— and
they .most certainly treat age with proper
respect. They showed it yesterday.
NEWS OP THE SEA AND BAY
There was a man In the bloomer nine—
the catcher— but he was at a distinct dis
advantage because he was the only man,
and because the Bushnell boys went after
him and got him, too, at every opportun
ity.
But though the Bushnell boys were good
boys they would not carry their gallantry
to the extent of permitting the bloomer
girls to win. The score was 9 to 8 in favor
of the Bushnells. The bloomer girls play
ed at Oakland In the afternoon. They play
ball again at Harrison and Eighth streets
this afternoon.
The rumor, It Is well to state in passing,
that the shortstop of the girls was a man
in bloomera, is utterly and entirely with
out foundation. The lady says '. she la a
lady, and the real thing. The story was
started by envious rivals. Other ladies
have shapes like that, and the shortstop
was not the only girl that could play ball.
The pitcher is a pretty good ball player
herself, and nobody accuses her of being
a man.
celved her kindly. Likewise It received
kindly the apparent efforts of the Bush
nell boys to let the girls score, by over
throwing and by clever errors at critical
times.
Play was rather light on the California
tennis courts yesterday, but. during the
day a o few good matches were played
Chet Smith caused a genuine surprise bv
beating his brother Grant. The sc Ore In
favor of the former was 4-6. 6-43-0
Young Smith is rapidly coming to the
front and as he has a good style he will
undoubtedly be heard from in the future
Four of the cracks journeyed to San
Rafael yesterday, where .- they played a
doubles match for a dinner. Collier and
Crowell won the match from Georjre
"Whitney and Frank Mitchell, the score
being 3-6. 2-5. 9-7. The match was to be
a five, set one, but had to be postponed
until next Sunday owing to the lateness
of the hour. ¦
Other games played on the local courts
resulted as follows:- U. S. MacGavin beat
Carl Gardner. 8-6;. Dr. Philip beat Robert
Reid. 6-2/ 6-0. 4-6; Charles Kuehn and H
E. Punnett played a tie. each winning a
set 6-4; J. Armsby beat Leonard Wood
9-8, and B. G. Good beat L. E.. Wood, 8-6*
7-5,.: 4-6. v ¦ "..;.-.. .¦ - . ''- ."
In doubles A. "Worthington and Armsby
beat Dr. .Noble rand Joe Daily. 9-7. 2-66-1
6-4, 6-1; Worthington and C. . Spanjrler
tied Daily and Dr.. Noble, 4-6, 6-4. *
TENNis MATCHES ON LOCAL
AND SAN RAFAEL COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901.
HOW FOLLOWERS OF SPORTS ENJOYED A DAY OF RECREATION
They Are Not So Young as They Have Been, and, Although They
Are Treated With Distinguished Consideration, That Does
Not Enable Them to Land as "Winners .-in the Game
BLOOMER GIRLS FROM B05T0N
BEATEN BY BUSHNELL'S BOYS
8
YACHT.
Ha
<t 3
: n
is
J a ¦
: "
if
I
1
20-FootClass— HMSHMSHMS
Klttlwake 11:27:00 1:29:36 2:02:36 Flnt
Spider 11:27:00 •
25-Foot Class —
Discovery 11:12:00 1:09:0* 1:57:08 First
ge»e 11:12:00 1:09:38 1:57:33 Second
May. 11:12:00 1:21:54 2:09:54 Third
Cupid 11:12:00 1:23:25 2:11:23 Fourth
*£%Soi cwl" U:12:0 ° 1:24:1 ° 2:12: *>™«i
Aeolua 11:20:00 1:37:08 1:37:08 First
T^fnt 11:20:00 1:08:45 1:43:45 Second
£ m S° 11:20:00 l:09:0S 1:49:08 Third
E ™ ill % •'- 11:20:00 1:23:13 2:03:15 Fourtli
Yawl Class —
Spray 11:12:00 1:22:20 2:10-"»0 .
36-Foot Class—
Emma 11:32:00 1:08:34 1:36:34 First
O« ne »ta 11:32:00 1:22:10 1:50:10 Second
Ctew'i- U:32:0 ° 1:22:K 1:5O:17 Tn*"»
Speedwell 11:37:00 1:17:43 1:40:43 First
-Ariel 11:37:00 •
Sun rises V
Sun sets '.'... :.....; ;
Moon rises (new) :..........
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W • H W , • L "W
15... .4:56—1.1 12.00 .5.0 4:31
16 ... 5:40 —1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24
17 ..|" 6:20 —0.7 1:20 5.3 6:18
H W ' L, W : H W
18... 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03
19 ... 1:18 - 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41
20... 2:14 4.8 8:20 .0.7 3:20
21-. .. 3:12 4.3 8:56| 1.2 '4:00
2:'i$"i
..4:&
.7:32
.. m.
(Time!
Ft.
H,W
Ft.
, 2.8
2.6
; 2 - 5
10:48
11:35
6.4
6.1
L W
¦ 7:15
8:13
9:14
10:18
"•:;
5.3
6.4
-5.4
5.3
2.3
2.2
2.1
1.9
NOTE— In t% j above exposition of the
Ides
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul
North Fork....
Mandalay
Corona
Bristol
Washtenaw....
Arcata.
State of <Cal....
Peru
Umatllla.......
\V. H. Kruger.
Fulton;
Eureka
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa....
Wellington....
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias
Columbia
Point Arena...
Pomona
Crescent City..
Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Humboldt July 15
Coqullle River July 15
San Diego July 15
Oyster Harbor July 15
Tacoma July 15
Cooa Bay July 15
Seattle July 15
China and Japan July 16
Puget Sound Ports July 18
Tlllamook Bay July 16
Grays Harbor July 17
Humboldt July 17
Seattle & N. Whatcom July 17
Newport & Way Ports. July 18
Willapa Harbor •. July 18
San Diego & Way Ports July 18
Oyster Harbor July 18
Seattle and Hadlock July 19
Panama & Wajr Ports.. July 19
Portland- and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena July 19
Humboldt July 1<»
Crescent City July 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
July 15.
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma.
N. T. via Panama
Pug-et Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 10.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
San Pedro & Way
July 17.
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego
Jnly IS.
Humboldt ~.,
Panama & Way Pt«
Nome and Teller..
Jnly 20.
Honolulu
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What.
Willapa Harbor ...
Newport & Way Pt
f
Newburg
Czarina
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
Pier :
Pter 1
Pier 2<
Pier 5
Pier 1
Noyo
Pomona
North Fork..
Mandalay....
Bonita........
6 pm
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
Pier :
Pier i
Pier ¦ 2
Pier -
Pier H
St. Paul
San Pedro. . . .
Arequlpa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
G. W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona
2 pm
10 am
12 -m
l'pm
Pier 34
Pier I
Pier 16
PMSS
Pler-
Pler 24
Plerli
Pier U
ll'am
12 m
9 am
Eureka
Newport..;...
Arctic
9 am
13 m
13 m
PlerlJ
PMSS
Pier :
Zealandla....
Umatllla
Rainier
Rival
Coos Bay
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
13 m
9 am
Pier ;
Pier !
Pier :
5th St.
Pier 13
Iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
™I P £", gkaguay & Way Port July 18
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Julv 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports* jS y 19
CUV of Topeka Skaiuay & Way plVil. Ju y 19
Sn«n D * Lane - S? me & Teller City... Ju y »
Q uee °- Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City Nome & Teller CUy" Ju y ll
YACHT.
Ha
<t 3
: n
is
J a ¦
: "
if
I
1
20-FootClass— HMSHMSHMS
Klttlwake 11:27:00 1:29:36 2:02:36 Flnt
Spider 11:27:00 •
25-Foot Class —
Discovery 11:12:00 1:09:0* 1:57:08 First
ge»e 11:12:00 1:09:38 1:57:33 Second
May. 11:12:00 1:21:54 2:09:54 Third
Cupid 11:12:00 1:23:25 2:11:23 Fourth
*£%Soi cwl" U:12:0 ° 1:24:1 ° 2:12: *>™«i
Aeolua 11:20:00 1:37:08 1:37:08 First
T^fnt 11:20:00 1:08:45 1:43:45 Second
£ m S° 11:20:00 l:09:0S 1:49:08 Third
E ™ ill % •'- 11:20:00 1:23:13 2:03:15 Fourtli
Yawl Class —
Spray 11:12:00 1:22:20 2:10-"»0 .
36-Foot Class—
Emma 11:32:00 1:08:34 1:36:34 First
O« ne »ta 11:32:00 1:22:10 1:50:10 Second
Ctew'i- U:32:0 ° 1:22:K 1:5O:17 Tn*"»
Speedwell 11:37:00 1:17:43 1:40:43 First
-Ariel 11:37:00 •
Steamer.
From.
Due.
St. Paul
North Fork....
Mandalay
Corona
Bristol
Washtenaw....
Arcata.
State of <Cal....
Peru
Umatllla.......
\V. H. Kruger.
Fulton;
Eureka
Rainier
Coos Bay
Rival
Santa Rosa....
Wellington....
Robt. Dollar...
San Bias
Columbia
Point Arena...
Pomona
Crescent City..
Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Humboldt July 15
Coqullle River July 15
San Diego July 15
Oyster Harbor July 15
Tacoma July 15
Cooa Bay July 15
Seattle July 15
China and Japan July 16
Puget Sound Ports July 18
Tlllamook Bay July 16
Grays Harbor July 17
Humboldt July 17
Seattle & N. Whatcom July 17
Newport & Way Ports. July 18
Willapa Harbor •. July 18
San Diego & Way Ports July 18
Oyster Harbor July 18
Seattle and Hadlock July 19
Panama & Wajr Ports.. July 19
Portland- and Astoria.. July 19
Point Arena July 19
Humboldt July 1<»
Crescent City July 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
July 15.
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & Tacoma.
N. T. via Panama
Pug-et Sound Ports
Point Arena
July 10.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coqullle River ....
San Pedro & Way
July 17.
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way.
China and Japan...
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
San Diego
Jnly IS.
Humboldt ~.,
Panama & Way Pt«
Nome and Teller..
Jnly 20.
Honolulu
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What.
Willapa Harbor ...
Newport & Way Pt
f
Newburg
Czarina
Leelanaw
Walla Walla.
Pt. Arena....
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
2 pm
Pier :
Pter 1
Pier 2<
Pier 5
Pier 1
Noyo
Pomona
North Fork..
Mandalay....
Bonita........
6 pm
1:30 p
9 am
4 pm
9 am
Pier :
Pier i
Pier ¦ 2
Pier -
Pier H
St. Paul
San Pedro. . . .
Arequlpa
Nippon Maru
Connemaugh.
G. W. Elder..
Arcata
Corona
2 pm
10 am
12 -m
l'pm
Pier 34
Pier I
Pier 16
PMSS
Pler-
Pler 24
Plerli
Pier U
ll'am
12 m
9 am
Eureka
Newport..;...
Arctic
9 am
13 m
13 m
PlerlJ
PMSS
Pier :
Zealandla....
Umatllla
Rainier
Rival
Coos Bay
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
13 m
9 am
Pier ;
Pier !
Pier :
5th St.
Pier 13
Sun rises V
Sun sets '.'... :.....; ;
Moon rises (new) :..........
Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft.
L W • H W , • L "W
15... .4:56—1.1 12.00 .5.0 4:31
16 ... 5:40 —1.0 12:42 5.1 5:24
17 ..|" 6:20 —0.7 1:20 5.3 6:18
H W ' L, W : H W
18... 0:27 5.8 7:00—0.3 2:03
19 ... 1:18 - 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41
20... 2:14 4.8 8:20 .0.7 3:20
21-. .. 3:12 4.3 8:56| 1.2 '4:00
2:'i$"i
..4:&
.7:32
.. m.
(Time!
Ft.
H,W
Ft.
, 2.8
2.6
; 2 - 5
10:48
11:35
6.4
6.1
L W
¦ 7:15
8:13
9:14
10:18
"•:;
5.3
6.4
-5.4
5.3
2.3
2.2
2.1
1.9
NOTE— In t% j above exposition of the
Ides
Iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
™I P £", gkaguay & Way Port July 18
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Julv 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports* jS y 19
CUV of Topeka Skaiuay & Way plVil. Ju y 19
Sn«n D * Lane - S? me & Teller City... Ju y »
Q uee °- Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City Nome & Teller CUy" Ju y llWELL-KNOWN ACTRESS AS THE HEROINE IN IBSEN'S PLAY,
WHICH WILL BE GIVEN AT THE COLUMBIA AT A SPECIAL MAT
INEE NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
LONDON, July .15.— Andrew Carnegie
has offered £3000 for the erection" of a free
wublic Ubrarj- in Annan, Scotland.
Another Offer From Carnegie.
Half-mile handicap, ' professional— Won by
J. T. Fisher, Chlcaero (20 yards); Tom Cooper
Detroit (scratch), second; Owen Kimble, Lou
isville f25 yard*), third: Floyd Krebs, New
ark (40 yard-0, fourth. Time. 1:00. • \ -
One mile combination, professional— Won by
Frank Kramer and J. T. Fisher: H. B. Free
man and. Hardy Downing second; Lester"WH
*on and Otto Moya third: Al Newbouae and
Walter Bad«tt fourth. Time. 2:1L
Frank J. Kramer and John F. Fisher
proved to be too speedy for tho others and
won in the end. Kramer capturing first
place. Cooper second and Kimble third.
NEW YORK, July 14.-At the Vajlsburff.
N. J.. track to-day the most exciting race
was the combination one-mile race for
professionals, in which team work was
not only allowed but encouraged ' The
surprise of the race was the fact that
McFarland and Cooper were shut out on
their heat. They were looked -upon as
likely winners.
on Their Heat.
McFarland and Cooper Are Shut Out
EXCITING COMBINATION RACE.
A good many' people secretly rejoice at
the misfortune of their friends.
.Would Bar American Crews.
LONDON. July 14.— William H.' Green
fell. M. P., who is a well-known oarsman
and a member of the Thames Conserv
ancy Board, writes to the Times to-day
announcing that he has given notice to
the stewards of the Henley Royal Regatta
of his. intention to move a resolution to
confine the entries to the British' islands
His principal reason, he says, Is that the
regatta was never intended for Interna
tional contests and is not suited to them.
Several thousand acres In Kern County
are held under mineral claims which will
expire January 1 unless the legal amount
of prospect work is done unon them. This
may stimulate leasing. There may be
some excitement with Jumpers at the
opening of the year also.
In five months the oil shipments! from
Cnallnga have amounted to 1443 barrels.
The Arroyo Beco Company has succeed
ed the Salinas Oil Company, operating in
Monterey County.
The San Benito Crude OH Company ex
pects to add three rigs to Its present out
fit
The Corning Oil and Gas Company in
Tehama has drilled 1100 feet.
The grading on the Sunset Railroad Is
rapidly progressing. Several miles of
track have been laid. The road will prob
ably be completed In September.
Workmen are laving pipe for the Chans-
Jor & Can field Midway water system.
The Bakersfield Californian says:
Superintendent Her»ey of the Thirty-three
Oil Company has solved the question of ln
crea*lngr the capacity of any producing* well by
bailing: out the eand and forming a cavity or
receptacle at the bottom of the easing. In
this way there is always a supply from which
to &th.w directly instead of depending upon
the seepage as .it comes from the various
stratp.. It has often been- note* that weils
when kept clear oC sand gradually Increase In
czpacity sb they are used, an<J tests which have
recently been road- prove that the theory set
forth by Mr. Hereey is correct
Must Perfect Claims.
piles seventeen drilling rigs and pumps
water into four townships. Four and one
half miles northwest from Coallnga is the
pumping plant of the Coast Range "Water
Company, which has two good wells, with
the capacity of 200.000 barrels per diem.
EL RENO. O. T.. July 14.— The trains
to-day, have been bringing in moderate
crowds for registration. There are prob
ably 10,000 people at this time, and every
thing is quiet and orderly. Every one Is
comfortably situated and a. large number
more could be accommodated. The water
6upply is abundant, and every provision
has been made to house and feed the mul
titude.
The temperature has hung around the
100 point, and while every one has per
spired freely they have Buffered no seri
ous inconvenience. Indications now point
to rain during the night.
Accommodations for Feeding and
Handling the Large Crowds Have
Thus Far Proved . Ample.
IHTE1TDING SETTLEBS .
GATHERING ; AT EL RENO
, SAN JOSE. July 14.— John Downs, for
thirty years a. well-known resident of this
city, was : found dead In hia home at -352
"West San Salvador street this afternoon
Death Is supposed to have resulted from
hemorrhage of the lungs. His'family Is
spending the summer at Pacific Grove.
Found Lifeless in H3s Room.
BENICIA. July 14.— An impressive cere
mony took place at St. Dominic's to-day,
when the sacrament of confirmation was
administered to 150 children and adults
from the parishes of Port Costa. Crockett
Valona and this city, by Bishop Grace of
Sacramento. ; A solemn high mass .was
celebrated by the Rev. Father O'Connor,
assisted by the Rev. Father Lamb. The
altar was beautifully decorated with
ferns, palms and candles. After the mass
Ithe Bishop addressed the children. ¦-. .,.
Bishop Grace Confirms Children.
REDWOOD CITT, July 13— A petition
for a decree terminating the life estate
of William H. Clark in 295 acres of land
near Burllngame has been filed in the
Superior Court by Elizabeth M. Clark,
Mary M. Clark and Charlotte A. Paters,
all of Waltham. Mass. The petitioners are
sinters to -whom a deed of this property
was made by Clark In 189R. in which deed
he reserved to himself a- life estate. Clark
died a few months after makinjr tho deed
Rnd It Is for the purpose of declaring h's
death of record that the present nroceed
ings ar*> brought. The property is worth
about $60,000. .
Sisters Ask for the Property.
BUFFALO, July 14.— The nroprietors of
tne Midway shows at the Pan-American
Exposition made another effort to-day
to open their concessions on Sunday. Two
concessionaires were promptly arrested
and taken to police headauarters. No
charge was preferred by the exposition
officials and the men were released. The
showmen returned to their concessions
and again began celling tickets. A de
tail of exposition guards soon arrive:! and
surrounded the entrances, refusing to al
low the public to enter. The shows were
then closed for the day.
Befuse Admission to the Pur
chasers qf Tickets.
.Guards Surround the Entrances and
EXPOSITION OFFICIALS
CLOSE MIDWAY SHOWS.
• ARDMORE. I. T., July 14.— "Scar Face"
Jim. alleged to be a member of the old
Dalton gang of outlaws, was located last
night in a secluded spot twenty miles east
of here suffering from bullet wounds. Last
week at Sulphur he had a desperate fight
with deputy United States Marshals, and
was wounded but escaped, i The Marshals
had a narrow escape. To-day .United
States Marshal Haller and several depu
ties went after "Scar Face," who savs he
will not surrender. He is wanted for
many crimes.
Bullet Wounds "Scar Face" Jim
Refuses to Surrender.
Although Suffering From Several
NOTOBIOUS DESPEBADO
DEFIES AUTHORITIES
Will Be Welcomed by the
Girl's Mother.
BERKELEY, July 14.— Miss Mae McCoy
and Lloyd Elwell, who disappeared *from
this city Friday after telling Mis3 Mc-
Coy's mother they were going to attend
an Epworth League meeting in San Fran
cisco, were married In that city on the
same day. Rev. John Stephens, a Metho
dist Episcopal pastor, performed the cere
mony.
To-day the young peonle sent word of.
their marriage to the bride's grandmother,
Mrs. Mary Hearsch. who resides on
O'Farrell street. San Francisco, and later
met ¦W. H. McCoy. Mrs. El well's brother
there. The grandmother and brother grave
their blessings to the runaway couple and
a speedy reconciliation all around Is prom
ised. Mrs. McCoy has decided to welcome
her new son-in-law to the family circle.
The plans of the newly married couple
have not been fully decided upon, but thev
probably will go to Riverside for the res't
of the vacation and return here in August
for young Klwell to complete his univer
sity education. • • -
B/UNAWA'Sr COUPLE -m-a-r.-r.-v
AND ABE FORGIVEN
Lloyd El well and His Young Bride
? . ¦». •
BERKELEY, July 14.— When the Town
Trustees meet Monday night the proposi
tion will be brought up to declare void the 1
franchise over the old horse-car line be
tween East and West Berkeley, now held
by the Oakland Transit Company. Cap
tain W. H. Marston, the president of the
board, is the leader In the movement to
disfranchise the road.
When the line was purchased recently
by the Transit Company work of fearing
up the roadbed was immediately com
menced, presumably with the object of
putting down a better track. Since then
no eara have been run. This is contrary
to the franchise, which calls for the "con
tinuous" running of cars. On this ground
members of the board claim the right to
make the company forfeit its privilege.
"When the original fifty-year franchise
¦was granted some sixteen years ago no
provision was made for the town to se
cure a percentage of the receipts.. For this
reason the Trustees want the franchise
forfeited and another one issued. Town-
Attorney B. A. Hayne. under Instruction
from the board, is looking up the law on
the matter.
The old franchise has become valuablp
nrooerty In recent years. The road would
make the connecting loop between the San
Pablo ar>d GroveT?treet lines ami would
connect. the business centers of Berkeley.
Berkeley Trustees Wish
to Forfeit Transit
Line Privilege.
WANT FRANCHISE
DECLARED VOID
UNIONS WILL CELEBBATE
LABOR DAY IN STYLE
General Committee Is Already Out
Making Preparations for
the Event.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Organized labor is
preparing to celebrate Labor- -day as -It
has never been celebrated in Oakland be
fore. Labor Is well organized upon this
side of the bay and it has been decided
to make this day a general holiday and
to provide a series of events that will
make It memorable.
The Federated Trades has taken the
initiative In this and has . appointed a
committee consisting of C. D. Rogers,
State president of the Federated Trades,
who Is a resident of Oakland, and Messrs.
Cole and Hopkins to have charge of the
day. This committee will arrange the de
tails, consult with ihe various unions and
the public officials and make the neces
sary arrangements.
It is proposed to have the celebration
entirely within the unions and it is ex
pected that they will vie with each other
as to the showing each will make.
There is a general movement through
out the unions of Oakland to support the
butchers if any of them should get into
trouble with their employers through the
lato strike.
The Prussian State railways depart
ment ha 8 ordered 300 locomotives at
nrices 2 per cent lower than those in th«
last order.
BERLIN, July 14.-Last week ended
with a new low record of quotations in
most industrials, many showing violent
falls.-' Complete pessimism marked the
trade of the week. The news from thn
industrial centers continued unfavorable
The newspapers generally concur in the
opinion that the downward movement haq
not yet been exhausted. All describe the
tone of the market as extremely dp
pressed and hopeless.
Many companies, in the course of the
week, made discouraging reports and tho
air was thick with unfavorable rumors
Interest in "Wall street revived hut
trading was slight except In Canadians
Wall street's nervousness caused renewed
apprehension and the papers are now cal
culating the probable effects hero of a.
crisis in New York. The Kreuz Zeitunir
asserts that German speculators hav-P
heavy engagements in New York.
The money market continues to show
a great abundance of money, call loan«i
re'axing to 2V4 per cent. Discounts re
main at 3 per cent.
In the American section there was an
immense decline, the greatest being in
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, which
fell off 17 points, and Atchison, which fell
off 16 points. Union Pacific shares de
clined 14 points and other' Americans
showed proportionate losses. It is now
rumored here that the decline was the
result of a preconcerted plan by the lead
ers of the market to shake out the weak
bull Interests. Fortunately the local bull
is a comparatively small one but
the moral effect of trading has been de
cidedly pressing.
The money outlook for the future it
quiet and easier.
What had seemed a promising outlook
has grown worse from the day of the an
nouncement of the failure of the Leip
zeiger Bank. While at first this seemed
an isolated event it now appears to have
involved Germany, Belgium and even
Paris in a severe depression. Germany,
anxious to strengthen its financial po
sition, threw securitieu recklessly on an
unreceptive market. Every fresh effort
to realize only accentuated the downward
movement. Following ; this continental
depression came the Argentine finance
bill riots. Next came the most serious
and most unexpected blow of all— the bad
break In New York, just when the dis
bursement of a big crowd of Impending
dividends, estimated at £130,000,000, led
London to expect the strongest American
support. Naturally the bottom dropped
out of everything here. Consols touched
the lowest point since 1875 and home iails
fell off 20 to 30 per cent from last year's
highest figures.
LONDON, July 14.— There Is little en
couragement to be derived from a re
view of financial conditions in-London at
present. The conditions may be fairly
described as bad and the most optimistic
are forced to admit, that the era of re
covery and prosperity, so often predicted,
must now be postponed to a very indefin
ite future.
Leipzeiger.Bank Failure
Causes a Great De
pression.
LONDON MARKET
CONTINUES WEAK
CHICAGO. July 14.— The problem of di
rect transformation of coal into elec
tricity without the medium of steam en
gine and dynamo — that will o f the wisp
that has so long and successfully eluded
chemists and electrical engineers— has at
last been solved by Assistant City Chem
ist Kugo Jone, and his invention, a coal
consuming battery, has been patented,
bearing date of June 25, 1901. Speaking
of the effect of his invention, Mr. Jone
said to-day:
"The shortcomings of the steam en
gine have been long recognized by engi
neers. The waste of heat energy in pro
ducing steam from coal and converting it
into power Is more than 90 per cent- In
some engines: even with the best it does
not fall below 80 per cent In my battery
electrical energy is produced by oxidation
of lead and of ferrous chloride. The ox
idation • is effected by nitric acid, which
after deoxidatlon is again regenerated by
being brought into contact with air. The
nitric acid, therefore, is not used up.
"Lead and sulphur dioxide are obtained
by heating sulphate of lead with pow
dered coal in retort, the proportion of
these -being twelve parts of sulphate of
lead to one part of powdered coal. The
retort is heated by coal ordinarily, though
gas. gasoline or oil may be used.
"In the battery the lead and sulphur
dioxide, after having been utilized for the
production of electricity, combine to form
sulphate of lead. This can again be
broken up by heating with coal and can
once more be used for generating electri
city. The one feature of my battery la
the conversion of heat into electricity."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chicago Chemist Invents
a Coal-Consuming
Battery.
ELECTRIC POWER
WITHOUT DYNAMO
Mr. Sloper was a native of Sacramento
and 42 vears of age at the time of his
death. He had lived in Oakland for about
?5 years and leaves » widow and two chil
dren—a daughter. Miss Florence Denison
Sloper. aged 18. and a baby, three years of
age. He was married twice, his first wife
having died. He had one child by each
wife.
No arrangements have yet been made
,for the funeral, and none will be made un
til after the arrival' of the dead man's
mother. The funeral services will, how
ever, be conducted by the Elks, as this
was known to be his wish.
But it was to. the Elks that Harvey N.
Sloper gave his best effiorts. A charter
member of Oakland Lo'dgre No. 171. he al
ways stood by the organization. "When It
was struggling for recognition in Oakland
Harvey N. Sloper worked for it earnestly
and to him as much as to any other mem
ber is due tbe fact that Oakland Lodsre is
to-day one of the leading ones in the State.
company He had always been the active
manager of the news agency and he sim
ply became the actual head with the death
of his stepfather. As such he was known
from one end of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's system to the other.
Mr. Sloper had always been much of a
club man in Oakland. He believed in sup
porting the institutions of the towns and
was a member of many, but his great In
terest was in the Elks and the Republican
Alliance. He had been director and held
different offices of the Alliance arid was'
one of the wheel-horses of that organiza
tion. When a trip was planned for the
Alliance it was always Harvey N. Sloper
who made the arrangements and the
plans, and he always did It well.
Aeronaut Fatally Injured.
SPRINGFIELD, . Ohio,; July H.-Paul
Hague; known . as Professor . Zeno, an
aeronaut, was fatally injured this after-*
noon at Inland Park, falling 200 feet. His
parachute . failed to open, ¦
¦ "-¦ ¦ ¦* * ••• - - * - ' • - ' ' • .
NEWTON, ¦ Kans., July , 14.— Misa Oma
Beers, the 18-year-old daughter of Mr.
and iMrs. Frank Beers, was • shot and
killed last night by Herbert Ha cklett,. a
stable boy formerly in the family's em
ploy, who afterward shot himself through
the heart. Hacklett became . fascinated
with the young ladv.' who did not in any
way return the infatuation." ;.
Tho girl was shot four times and the
surroundings indicated that she had made
a terrible struggle for. her life. . .
Crime _ by . Sending Bullet
Through. His Own Heart.
Murderer Completes His Terrible
SHOT TO DEATH BY
LOVE-SICK STABLE BOY.
ENID. O. T.,.July 14.— Four blocks of
business houses on the public square were
destroyed by fire in less than three hours'
time by a fire that started after midnight
1. st night. The water supply was inade
quate and it was necessary -to blow up
buildings with dynamite to check the
flames. Owing to the continued drought
everything burned like matchwood. A
light wind blew from the southeast and
saved the eastern part of the town. The
total loss Is estimated at $180,000. The in
surance, will be light. / ,
Department Finds It N"eces3ary to
Blow Up Buildings to Chick
the Flames.
ISAAC SACHT. aged 22.
A strong southeast wind was blowiner
and the tide was at flood. Fifty yards off
shore is a shoal and between the shoal
and the shore is a sluice. The party was
bathing on the shoal, but finding the tide
getting rather high the bathers concluded
to go nearer shore. Almost at once they
found the sluice over their heads, with
big waves pounding and a sweeping cur
rent running. Of twelve who started
across the sluice only six reached the
shore.
Mrs. Dlcksteln's body was recovered,
but the others^ere swept out to sea.
FIEE LAYS "WASTE FOUR
'¦* BLOCKS OF HOUSES
SAVANNAH, Ga., July 14.— Six persons
were drowned while surf bathing at a
picnic of the Hebrew Gamahl Hasad at
Daufuskle beach this afternoon. The
dead:
MRS. ABRAHAM DICKSTEIN. aged 23.
ANNIE KRONSTADT. aged 10.
IDA KRONSTADT. aged 17...
, LEAH SILVERSTEIN, aged 17.
ANNIE HOROWITZ, aged 13.
Drown in Swift Current
While Making for
the Shore.
BATHING PARTY
SWEPT TO DEATH
OAKLAND, July 14.— The announce
ment of tb- death of Harvey N.
Sloper this morning came as a
shock to the community In which
he had so many friends, for it was
hardly known that he was sick. He was
about his usual haunts on Wednesday
evening, attended a meeting of the direc
tors of a company in which he was inter
ested, dropped into the Elks' clubrooms
for a few moments and then went home
to be taken with a chill that developed
into pneumonia, from which he died be
fore daylight this morning at his home
on Myrtle street. He was sick scarcely
more than three days and it was not even
certain that he was sick enough to send
for his mother, the widow of the late
State Senator Eli S. Denison, who was
summering at L"ake .Tahoe. When death
came his mother and sisterB.were com
municated^ with and they left Truckeo on
a special train this afternoon and arrived
in Oakland at midnight. HJs wife, one
sister, Mrs. R. B. Ayer, and his brother
in-law, R. B. Ayer, were with him at the
time of his death. Pneumonia of the most
rapid type was the direct cause of death.
Harvey N. Sloper was one of the most
popular of the young men of club and
business life in Oakland. He was the step
son of the late Senator EH S. Denison. and
when Mr. Denison died some years ago
his business of supolying the travelers on
the lines of the Southern Pacific Com
pany with literature, news and edible* was
incorporated and Harvey N. Sloper be
came the secretary and manager of the
A » t » » «¦» ¦«..t..»..»..t..T-»..t-»-t~»~t~»~f~t~t-t. * -t
YOUNG BUSINESS AND CLUB MAN OF OAKLAND, KNOWN FROM
ONE END OF THE STATE TO THE CTHER. WHO DIED AFTER A
'THREE DAYS' ILLNESS.
Charity Martin, G. S. "Wanrell, Pletro
Buzzi, James J. Mackey, Clinton Mont
gomery, the Kelcey sisters. Baby Ruth
and Hinrich'a orchestra are the attrac-
the special attraction. Chevalier Scog
namillo is an artist of distinguished repu
tation and his performance alone is worth
more than the price of admission. Then
there is clever Etta Butler, with her fa
mous impersonations, who bids farewell
to vaudeville this week: the Damm broth
ers, who are pot so black as they are
painted: Charles Leonard Fletcher, mono
logist: Gilbert and Goldie, the ever wel
come; Irving Jones; Clayton White and
Marie Stuart and the Prosper troupe of
tumblers and some new biograph pictures
to complete the good programme.
The Chutes has another strong bill this
week. The newcomers who open to-day
are Coleman and Mexis, expert and fancy
rifle shots; P. J. Duffy, monologist; Kala
cratus, phenomenal juggler, and Adrienne
Mpore, in illustrated songs. The hold
overs are P. Richards, the famous car
toonist, and Spenser Kelly, the popular
barytone. New moving pictures will also
be shown.
The two LamOnts. Lester Reeves and
lone are at the Olympia.
? ? • 1
tlons at Fischer's Concert-house. Charity
Martin and G. S. Wanrell are first favor
ites of many weeks with Fischer's pat
rons. >, ' .
Evidence p^ems to be accumulating that the
oil industry is rapidly settling down to a basis
having mcrf «oli<Iity than that of a y^ar agro.
In Texas, as in California, the actual boom in
oil, an Clstinguishe'l from its steady and eub
ftantjal prcRr<?FR, wap short lived. It is not
to be said that the boom wa« an unhealthy
condition, for it was what always comes with
the rud^Ti discovery of a irreat opportunity
for the sudden acquisition of wealth. As was
Inevitable, while tome person* made fortunes,
other* ln*t' heavily, hut on the whole, the re
sult was beneficial alike to the investors and
10 the world at lure the latter retting the
her.pfit of an Immense industry born full
fleijg-e<l. Kow that period' of excitement has
paweij »»r5 in its ctead we have some thousands
of perpip interested in oil property who arc
calmly considering the industry on the same
line* they m!»jht if they were producing food
produrtx r, r cl< thins for the public
Effort* Kr * y,p\ rkg made in come quarters to
rev.ve the excitement of a year ajyo, but with
I.ttle eucri-Kr. It Ik foreign to the spirit of
the times. *nd the public jf ready for the new
con<3ftlr.r.. V..-arv.-h!]«» the work of developing
•he on firms of Texas and California ii roinf?
*™>ad -'"H'llly. and money in coming In for
more conwei -vMh-e development than was pre
v.ouslyih.* rase. Industries had been built
Vm ir. <~alif«mln with a high-priced fuel, and
.hey were pros--,.»rr>uis. but of a eudden they
foun.J tlmt their fuel bills were cut in the
rnld-Ue. end with a saving of 50 per cent in
the oo»<t of fuel Jarre profits resulted. How
can !t fee otherwise, then, that the time is ripe
for tnot F<vr>n4itry benefit of the production of
0.1 on a sn-at *r & \ e in California— a great ad
vance in manufacturing?
The C'oalir.ffa Water Company now eup- ,
¦- The Los Angeles Herald takes a view
of the on industry that will be generally
accepted by the knowing 1 ones, saying;
Basis of Solidity.
General Manager Cooke, under date of June
tt, writes to this office that the date when
operation* will be commenced cannot be set,
but that it Is not far distant. "We are nego
tiating 1 for a complete standard rig-, and it is
possible and very probable that the entire out
fit will be on the cars or on the wapon road
overland by the middle of August, 1901, and
headed for the Inyo County oil fields." He
sends a lift of San Francisco men who are in
terested. He thinks that as the chief expendi
ture* will be in this county, and the ultimate
benefits of successful operation almost beyond
*«timatin£, the people of Inyo should assist
the venture by taking 6tock. To make the in
vestment isafe and to insure a test, he stag
rests that people subscribe Btock to the amount
of tlSOO or SIO00. deposftin* the money with
eomf trustee, to be paid when the complete
oil Grilling ri» is placed on the ground.
The Pacific Refining Company's plant at
Gosfcrd Is soon to be constructed. Three
600-bsrrel etills. with a capacity of 1200
barrels per day, will be installed.
According to the Inyo Register the 50
Oil Company, which was organized to
operate near Owens Lake, owns no land
In Inyo County that can be found record
ed In the county records. The Register
eays:
The San Diego Union tells of the pro
press in prospecting for oil on the coast
of Lower California. The place selected
for beginning operations is about four
teen miles south of the boundary line of
the United States and is near Point Rosa
rio. Lumber and machinery have been
sent down by direction of J. M. Elwood,
the contractor for drilling.
Work in the Fields.
The most Interesting clause to the gen
eral public is that which provides that
should the average price received for the
oil be less than sixty-five cents per barrel
in any month the contract may be can
celed at once. The Union Oil Company
offered to store oil for one cent per bar
rel per month.
The cil men are confident that condi
tions are growing: more favorable to them.
In the Kern River district many new par
ties are making Inquiries. The solution
that the oil producers of Los Angeles
County have about reached concerning
the marketing of their output Is certain
to have a good effect. The members of
the OH Producers' Association of Los An
geles arrange for disposing of all their
oil on a five years' contract with the Oil
Storage and Transportation Company for
a 6 per cent commission. The Oil Stor
age and Transportation Company and
the Union Oil Company offered about the
same terms for handling the oil. No con
trxct will be made unless 500 wells are
included. The Storage Company will sell
out 70,000 barrels of oil now on hand and
will then sell exclusively for the mem
ber* of the Producers' Association.
Business Conditions Are
Succeeding Boom
Period.
OIL MEN THINK
FUTURE BRIGHT
The Orpheum has an unusually good bill
this week, with the Chevalier Enrico
Mario Scognamillo, the famous 'cellist, as
"The Eabes in the Wood" Is stUl de
lighting the Tivoli audiences. New songs
galore are to be heard. "Will o' the
Wisp." "Exhibit No. 1," "Things that
Cannot Be Explained" and so on, and the
harvest ballet ar.d transformation scene,
are ever-new delights. The grand opera
season is now definitely announced to be
gin on Monday, July 29. and the opening
opera will probably be "Aida."
"Michael Strogoff." with James SI. Bro
phy in the title role, will be the Central
Theater's bill of the week. The clever
actor is winning many laurels for himself
from the Central audiences, and in "Mich
ael Strogoff" finds one of his favorite op
portunities. The management promises an
elaborate scenic /production of the big
Russian melodrama, and in addition a
number of specialties, that are becoming
a feature cf the Central bills, will be In
troduced.
"The School for Scandal" will begin its
eecond week at the Alcazar Theater to
night. Mis.' Roberts has completely recov
ered from her indisposition and will con
tinue to delight Alcazar patrons with her
J^dy Teazle. Barton Hill is a notably
Rood Sir Peter Teazle and White Whittle-
Fev looks and acts a graceful and fascin
ating Charles Surface. Next week the
.charming old comedy, "The Country Girl,"
will be put on.
To-night at the Grand Opera-house the
Frawley Company will present a novelty
In "The White Heather." a drama by
Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton, auth
ors iti collaboration of "The Great Ruby"
and other spectacular plays of the kind.
"The White Heather" was one of the
Aeademy of Music successes and has been
cbtained from Charles Frohman by Mr.
Frawley. The cast will include Mary Van
Buren. Katherine Grey. K. J. Morgan,
John Mason. Theodore Roberts and Har
rington Reynolds, the last named of whom
appears for the first time this season.
"Under Two Flags" will begin its fourth
—positively its last— week to-night and
will end oh Saturday evening 1 next one of
the most successful runs of this or any
season in the Columbia's history. Chaun
cey Oleott, in the new Irish play, "Garrett
O'Magh." will follow.
MIfs Bates will be supported by a picked
cr.st of the leading- members of the com
pany now appearing in "Under Two
Flaps." and the play will be staged as in
its orginal presentation by David Beiaseo.
noon, at a special matinee, with
Blanche Bates as Ibsen's singular heroine.
To Miss Bates Sa,n Francisco owed Its
first Ibsen production, 'The Doll's
House." given at' the Baldwin Theater
foriif few years apo, and this second char
acterization by the brilliant actress Is
awaited with extraordinary interest.
Arc event extraordinary in theatrical
circles here will be the production
of "Hedda Gabler" at the Colum
bia Theater next Friday after-
"Garrett O'Magh" Will Open at the-Columbia Next Week-- -'The
White Heather"'at tHe Grand Opera-House To-Night, "the
School for Scandal" at Alcazar and at Central
The murderer used a pocket knife and
slashed and stabbed his victim in a dozen
places before the horrified spectators could
interfere. When ycung Welch fell b'eed
in* to the ground Whalen escaped in the
crowd, but was found hiding in one of
the buildings half an hour later by Offi
cers Lord and Reed and placed under
arrest.
Whalen, who is not yet 20 years o'd,
refused to talk.
Both the murderer and his
victim had gone to the pleas
ure resort to participate in
the French society's celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bas
tile. No one knows just how
the fatal quarrel began, but
the two youths had been
drinking.
Murder brought' the festiv
ities at the Chutes to a tragic
close at 2:30 o'clock this
morning when G. Welch, a
milk wagon driver, 19 years
of age, was stabbed to death
by Joseph Whalen, also driver
of a milk wagon.
Traced) at the
Chutes Ends ths Festivi- j
; tics of the Day at the !
Pleasure Grounds.
Joseph Whalen Slays G-.
Welch, His Comrade, With
a Pocket-Knife.
Young Driver of Milk-
Wagori Is Stabbed
to Death.
MURDER
ENDING TO
QUARREL
In addition to this there was an excess
of $17,901,133 in the value of silver bullion
exported over the value of that metal im
ported. ¦
Notwithstanding this large balance of
trade In favor of the United States, figures
show that the imports of gold during the
year exceeded the exports of that metal
by but $11,342,332. This mean* that the
immense balance of trade between this
country and the rest of the world was
largely settled by other means.
A certain amount of gold is carried
abroad by American tourists and return-
Ing European?, but as most of these carry
letters of credit thla amount Is relatively
small. A large part of the balance goes to
pay freight bills on American exports car
ried in foreign steamers and some of it
to pay Interest and dividends on American
securities held abroad. The small imports
.of gold in the face of a large balance of
trade durlnjr the past year, however, is
principally due to the fact that American
capitalists are now allowing much of their
money to remain in Europe for investment
and sales of bonds by foreign gox-ern
ments in the United States have gone far
toward settling the balance of trade.
The principal items of American export
are breadstuffs. live animals, provisions,
cotton and mineral oils. During thi» year
just closed the total export* «f breadstuff*
amounted in value to $2«7.4S7,233: cattle and
hoga amounted to J36.M7.0fi2; orovislons tr>
$179,875,250. cotton tr> $."813,283,573. and min
eral oils to $69,905.K89. Each of these arti
cles showed Increases, thougrh while the
quantity of mineral oils exported was
greater than in the previous year. th« Fe
duetion in prices reduced the valuation
nearly $5,000,000 below last year's figures.
A preliminary statement prepared by
the Bureau of Statistics In the Treasury
Department shows that the combined val
ue of Imports and exports for the fiscal
year amounted to $2,310,413,077. against
$2,244,424,2*56 for the year ending June 30,
1900, the largest previous record.
The imports for the year amounted to
$822,756,533, a decrease of S27.1S4.651 in com
parison with the imports for the previous
year. The exports amounted to $1,487,656.
544, an increase of $93,173,482 in comparison
with the previous year, making the bal
ance of trade for the year In favor of
the United States $664,900,011, or an increase
of $120,358,113 over the balance of trade for
the previous year.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W. ( WASHINGTON, July 14.— All former
records are surpassed by the statistics of
foreign commerce of the United States
for the fiscal year which came to a close
on June 30.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Growth of Our Foreign
Commerce in Past
Year.
BREAKS RECORD
FOR PROSPERITY
LONDON, July 15.— "The intense heat
has completely dried up the country
around Berlin," says the Berlin corre
spondent of the Times, "and all moisture
has withdrawn from the soil to a depth
of several feet. Fruit is falling from the
trees before it is ripe and potato and hay
crops have been seriously affected by the
drought."
COPENHAGEN". July 14.— Extreme heat
continues throughout Denmark. Seven
deaths due to heat were reported to-day.
GENEVA, July 14.— There is no abate
ment of the terrible heat. At noon to-day
the temperature was 99 degrees Fahren
heit. Numerous cases of heat prostration
and slight sunstroke were reported.
ETJEOPE SUFFERS FROM HEAT.
drought ever experienced in this section
was" broken this afternoon by a terrific
rainfall of more than two hours' dura
tion, the volume of rain being almost
equal to a cloudburst. The storm was ac
companied by a wind of almost tornado
force. Reports Indicate that the rain is
general in this vicinity. It has come just
In the nick of time to save the cotton
crop. It will benefit the fruit crop and
supply water for stock, lack of which
had caused much distress.
The Southern Methodist Episcopal
Church, recently erected at a cost of $15,
000. was partially demolished and a num
ber of small houses In the northern por
tion of the city were wrecked. Shade
trees and window glass throughout the
city suffered. A tornado Is reported to
have passed over the Chickasaw Nation,
but. there are no particulars here.
DENISON, Tex., July 14.— The worst
.RAIN- BREAKS THE DROUGHT.
KANSAS CITV. July 14.— No relief cams
to-day to break the almost unprecedented
drought in the Southwest. The day was
a repetition of the past two weeks, with
reports from many places in Western
Missouri,' Kansas and tha Territories of
temperatures above the ICO mark. At most
places the sun shone mercilessly, with not
even a fitful ciould to break Its rays nor a
slight breeze. In Kansas City last night
conditions proved more bramble, a breeze
from the north alleviating the conditions,
hut a day of Intense heat followed.
To-night there Is a prospect of rain In
Oklahoma, but there are no indications
of a change fr3m any other part of the
Southwest.
With no relief in sight the fears for the
crops that have been experienced daliy
are fast becoming realities, and the scar
city of water and generally dry conditions
make the element of fire almost a serious
one. What tha real damage to corn, the
crop most affected, will be is problematic
al, but it is probably safe to say that half
the crop will be lost. The supply of water
is short in almost every direction, and the
shipments of cattle and hogs to this mar
ket to save them continue.
In Kansas City to-day the Government
thermometer registered 102. and «t Mary
ville, Kan?., 104 was recorded, against 100
yesterday. There were three prostrations
at Marysvllle.
ARDMORE. I. T.. July 14.— Reports from
the cotton belt show that cotton Is being
injured by the drought that has prevailed
in the Chlckasaw Nation for the past five
weeks. Unless rain fall within the next
few days crops will be cut short. About 60
per cent of the corn crop has already been
ruined. The crop of other grains is a total
failure. ' *
ST. PAUL, July 14.— The hot -wave con
tinues throughout Minnesota and the Da
kotas. At Huron a child went 'to sleep in
the sun and died from the heat. New Ulm.
Minn., reports o temperature of 104. with
a number of prostrations. The State ag
ricultural experimental farm reports that
the hot weather is doing great damage to
wheat in Southern Minnesota and that
chinchbugs are very numerous and are
contributing to the destruction.
OMAHA. July 14.— This State has had
a very torrid dav. The thermometer here
registered 104. The atmosphere was fresh,
however, with an absence of anything
that tended to hot winds. Reports from
th'e State are to the effect that rain is
needed, but with the absence of winds the
crops will stand considerable hot weath
er. Spring wheat and oats in Nebraska
are well nigh a failure.
BURLINGTON, Iowa, July 14.— To-day
¦was the sixth day in succession that the
mercury went to 100 and above. There are
no signs of relief. ¦
JACKSON, Miss.. July 14.— AH over the
State corn, cotton and other forms of
crops have bean seriously damaged by the
long-continued drought.
Kansas Farmers Place Their
Loss in Cornfields at
Fif y P t r Cent.
i ?
Unprecedented Drought
in the Southwest
Yet Unbroken.
MERCILESS RAYS
BLIGHTING CROPS
BLANCHE BATES WILL APPEAR
IN IBSEN'S "HEDDA GABLER"
Popular Elk, and Business Man Stricken With Pneumonia,
Brought On by a Chill, PassesAway After Three Days'
fji Sickness and Before His Mother Could Reach His Bedside
HARVEY N. SLOPER DIES
AFTER A BRIEF ILLNESS
THE 'SAN FE AN CISCO CALL; MONDAY, J UIiY : 15, 1901.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901.
10
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
JOB PRINTERS— Good business and plant.
cheap; about $1000. Box 2271. Call. Oakland.
WELL stocked fruit and chicken ranch near
Oakland; bargain. Box 2272. Call. Oakland.
WANTED— Energetic, ambitious woman for
good business opening. Box 3999, Call office.
LODGING and boarding-house, 28 rooms, $276
cash; sickness. Miss Jones, lOOSH Market, r. 4.
WHO wants to Join Eastern parties In a part-
nershlp? 1008*,6 Market st.> room 4.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard 6t.; no agents.
BOOTBLACK stand for sale, with 1 chair, (5.
216 Sixth st., barber shop. ;
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
. hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR S ALE-
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
C2 rms.; rent $135; good fur., carpets $3250
46 rms.; rent $150; perm., transient 2400
S3 rms.; rent $150; Market; mortgage $800... 2000
16 rms.; rent $50; perm, and transient 700
MONEY loaned on deferred payments: m p. c.
12 rms.; rent $65, prl. board; good fur $1000
10 rms.; rent $52 50; fur. carpts & loc. good. 400
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur 375
Over E00 houses listed. Call before buying.
~ ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~~
You may buy any rooming-house In-
the city, and pay for it - . . -
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
OWNERS of good lodging-houses— Notice; I
have buyers for any good house that Is offered
at reasonable price. To sell your house quick
list same with me. Send me a postal or call
me by phone— Mint 191L Same will command
Immediate attention.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st., opposite Mason. 5
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st.
. Telephone Jessie 2211.
7 rooms: new flat; rent $25: corner $165
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $50; time S30
26 rooms; good corner: part cash 1500
42 rooms; rent"$105; payments 1700
. 65 rooms; rent $100; paying house 2100.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market: phone Folsom 1342.
75 rooms; i*-ice $5000|42 rooms; price $3300
26 rooms; price 1900j30 rooms; price 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price. .$750
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60; price — 1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
A WELCOME to all Epworth Leaguers.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market St.. by Call Bldg.; tel. Black 1803;
restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds;
522 lodging houses. Call at office for list.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. '
A— WANTED at once, tenants for new rooming
house: 50 to 100 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. - ¦
-, SPIRITUALISM.
COME, and see C. V. Miller's -wonderful seances:
Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m. t 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken Ia6t world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkln st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader t exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated; mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
CHAS. BROCKW AY— Proof positive test seance
to-night (Mon.); admission 25c; devel. class
Tues., 8 p.m.: priv. read'gs daily. 299 Hyde.
JOHN SLATES, circle 25c; to-night. 8:15; sit-
tings 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 8
p. m. ; Wed., 2:30 p. m.l0c;readings daily,5Oc. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
clairvoyants.
mmeTmTbernard.
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently"
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She I
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penlr.gs and portrays events to occur In the fu-
i ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
i happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
j tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
i medium and you will be told how to overcome
| them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
! 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
I
i WHY. If some people only knew that they could
! be benefited by my wonderful occult power?, 1
what a change it would make in their lives;
it would be brighter and happier and .better
in every way; consult the genuine and she
! will guide you right. MRS. DR. VALIEN,
13231,2 Market St.
' KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
! REMOVED— MME. MONTAGUE, eminent
clairvoyant and scientific palmist; gives ad-
vice on business, speculations. Investments;
sickness, law, divorce; gives truthful revela-
i lion in all love affairs; reunites the eepa-
I rated; no failure. 116 Turk st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket rt.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2G: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
| . anteed by mail ; send Ftamp for pamphlet
I with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
• MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
i and future; rever falls; has the greatest Egyp.
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
I or wife; 23c up; satisfaction to everybody;
! cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth st.
! MME, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader,, born with double veil— second sight:
I diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies SOc;
i K*nts $1; palm, and clair. s<t., $1 50. 126 Turk.
Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail »L
I 101114 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1033.
i .
! MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason, medium; teaches
j palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
j business: 4 questions by mail. $1; hr's, 12 to 8.
j KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails: 25c and £0c. 1203 Mission st.. cor. 8th.
lfMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1U8 Market, op.
fith: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
f MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
< j ladies 25c, gents COc. 132 Sixth st.
' ¦ MME. HANSEX, <iard reader and palmist;
i past, present and future: 25c. 108 6th, 2d floor.
j M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
• ) sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
I Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader;when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 23c, G. COc. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c;
srents COc 931 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna St., near Fourth.
! MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, €th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^ Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CAPE NO3IE. /
CAPE NOME direct; flrst-class. $75; v second-
class, $40; first-class steamer sails In few
days. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lns Works. 353-S57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, Sc; renovating, 5c up;
1 work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
i RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
; reasonable. 17C3 Harrison ; tel. Mission 263. -
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
; ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
! t tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
i J. E. MITCHELL ' Carpet-beating and- Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st ; telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
- INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
: ;^> OFFICES.
• COLUMBIAN Law and -- Collection - - Agency,
' room 85, 916 Market st. — Experienced, . reason-
able, trustworthy.-. . . ' ¦
; GEORGE W. KELLY* S Agency-No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market sL ¦
ir^ n ; :: _ V;- COTTAGES TO ¦ LBT V _ ;¦:;.- V^" '
WOLFE, 8—4 rooms ; rent $8 50. . Key ! No. ; 12,
next door. ' ¦
DENTISTS.
AT^«ie'ELECTRO^DENTAL CLINIcTsoTMar^
ket Bt., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p.m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager. .
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
And fillings; extractions or .fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St. .
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings,
50c; plates, J5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy at — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. .¦¦•-.-. ;
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor.. Bush—
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, S3; fillings. 25c.
DR. >R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr^Larkin— Paln-
less extraction SOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll5S.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
SOc. K. Y.. Dentists, 369 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
¦ days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. _G.-
YOUNG. 1341 Po}k St.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McC ABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 331. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
- Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com' 1 law,
penmanship, etc. ; experienced teachers ; new
typewriters: positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
' F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Ehorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HIGH school students— The Weekly Geometry
Papers make home study easy; circulars. 3040
Sixteenth st. •
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. . Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43, Par-
rott bldg.: individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, evl^ est. 1864. Van
der Nallien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course, of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg Ehorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Bt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg. -
ARITHMETIC, bbokkeeping. grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. .Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth 'et.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students of
both sexes;, chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits oured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
• cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Por.-ell.nr. Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
Best help. 411Vi O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN girl wishes position as chamber-
maid in hotel; city or country; speaks French
and a little English. 3987, Call offlce.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation to do
general housework. 2E6 Lexington ave., near
Twentieth.
A THOROUGH fitter and trimmer on ladies'
tailoring and house suits wishes engagements;
$1 50 per day. 2-14 Taylor st.
COMPETENT woman wants to do housework;
city or country. Box 3928, Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
Call or address MRS. W., D13>£ Hyde St.
WANTED . by a respectable German, a place
as working housekeeper in a nice family or
with an elderly couple; best of reference.
Box 3979. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
RELIABLE midde-aged woman wishes position
to do general housew.ork In small family or
care for sick lady. 118 Grant ave., 2d floor.
REFINED young lady, 20, from the East, de-
. sires a position as housekeeper. Box 3794,
Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants a position at the
springs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation In
country; ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position In
private family; no housework. Box 4390, Call.
DRESSMAKING in families; skirts a speclal-
ty; $2 per day. Address A, box 3912, Call.
EXPERIENCED sick nurse would like care of
invalid; good references. 1804 Howard st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to work by the
day at washing and housecleanine. Call at
C29 Pest St.. M. G. . 1
YOUNG girl wishes situation as saleslady; no;
experience. 915% Fourteenth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1098
Valencia st. --. _^
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
POSITION wanted as nurse or attendant; ac-
quainted with the massage treatments; also
th£ different vapor bathj^as applied rheu-
matic diseases. Box 2990t~Call.
WANTED — A position cutting wood with privi-
lege of raising a few chickens, etc.; must be
a long Job. Box 3983, Call. ~
STRONG young man (Danish) 'wishes work
around place or residence: trustworthy and
sober; very handy. Box 3989, Call.
A GOOD reliable man. wants Dosltlon to de
liver in city; has experience and good ref-
erences. Address A. B., box 3929, Call offlce.
POSITION as Janitor .wanted by young man.
experienced; references; be content with
moderate salary. Box ( 33S6, Call.
A YOUNG man (Danish) with wife and one
child year, and a half, old wishes situation
on country place; man good gardener, horse-
man and understands that work thoroughly;
wife good cook If required ; reliable in every
respect; flrst-class references. D. N.,' ; box
3801, Call offlce. ••
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; understands care of horses and garden;
good driver; can milk; — best of references.
Box 3922, Call offlce.
A— TRUSTWORTHY man (Dime) wants sltua-
tlon in city. as gardener and horseman, etc.;
good home more an object than wages; best
of references. M. B. , box 3921, Call offlce.
WANTED by first-class accountant, position
as bookkeeper, accountant or general office
work; can" give best of references. Address
box 4450, Call office.
BUTCHER wants position - in some -wholesale
place -• to drive wagon or some , other work.'
'Write to C. W. F., 1909 Leavenworth St.: ;
YOUNG man 23, honest ' and reliable, wishes
position as driver for a wholesale or retail
. house.- Box 4464, Call office. •
YOUNG man experienced in general . • office
work . would like V situation. Address box
3926, Call office. ,
FRENCH pork butcher wants to work as an
apprentice cook in a private family; • refer-
ence*. FAUVET. 725 Sansome St.
YOUNG man, German, 27, seeks . employment
of any kind; grocery store or saloon preferred.'
Box 3919, Call office. - .
A MARRIED baker. Is good foreman on bread,
wishes a steady position. 876 Fifth St. v .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st."
- ' ~.,v ¦ ¦ • ¦ '¦;:'¦"
SAJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
£85irsj_ ¦
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m-
615 Larkln street; open until 9:S0 p. m. .
1911 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-Becond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open ""til 9 p. m.
MEETING . NOTICES. •
Bembly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, ffj
All fraters are courteously Invited. W
H D LOVELAND, Em. Com. w
THEO*. FROLICH. Recorder. .
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. UJo" 1^-
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Business and M. M. degree. '
OCCDiENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. _ and A. ¦
M.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, nt M^
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master J^X
Masons cordially Invited. By order of /
the W. My ALTER Q ANDERSON. Sec
HERMANN Lodge No. 127 F. and A. -
M.-Called meeting THIS DAY <MpN-_Jk
DAY), July 15, 1901, at 7:30 ocl°c k^3r
p. m. Degree 2. By order of the W. .M. /
y L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CAUFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. j^^ttjKga.
O. F.— Members j-lcase attend
meeting MONDAY EVE. July 15.
Installation of officers. Visitors :(«»»*;
welcome. O. W. DAHLSON. N. G.
BRPSKO Jedinstvo B. S. will hold regular
mating MONDAY. July 15, 190L at 7:30
o'clock sharp, at 909 Market st. All members
are requested to be present, as ther* will be
Important busings. M. ZARO. President.
P. P. TOR.MCH, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the office of tho company, 327
Market St.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
29th day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
fc close on Friday. July 26. 1901, at 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15, 1101. at 4 o'clock p. m..
-when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
HON. THOMAS BRACKETT REED'S "Mod-
ern Eloquence." The second edition goes to
press Aug. 2; if Tou are a bookman there is
a great chance for you on the sale of the
balance of the first edition: plenty of terri-
tory open; it's the greatest work ever pub-
llshed. Call room 6L Flood bldg. •
ECALP and face massage agents. MADAM
RUGG, 1153 Market St.. between 7th and 8th.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted Into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHAL.TUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks tre-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. CARLSON, celebrated astrologlst: horos-
copes cast; lessons; 4 to 5 p. m. 148 Sixth, r. 22.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces, private; bankruptcy;
collections; damages; attachments; mort-
gages; bills of Bale; partnerships; deeds;
wills drawn: fees low; open evenings.
THURSTON. 100SH Market St.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bid?.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OU 3 children to board, week or month; best
care:sunny yard:nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS — NEW AXmj OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission, st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $600; SALOON, est. many years in choicest
business part oE this city; low rent: investi-
gate at once and you will find a flrst-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny et.
A — $1000; GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many vears and doing a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2Z\j Kearny st.
A— $500: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kearny st.
A— $7C0: COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
.chance. R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny st.
A— *2SO0; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
¦ notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dailies, across the bay. or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for $1500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26'.-2 Kearny st.
A— $15C0; HALF-INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
et., clearing fSOO per month; lease; rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'i Kearny st.
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. ; daily receipts from
jso up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $£30; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $X0
oash. balance on time: rent $60; located
Fourth ct. Call R-. G. WILKE, ZG'/s Kearny.
YOU can secure a good, safe business and. full
value for your money in cigar stores, groci-
ries. saloons, hotels, confectioneries, partner-
ships, branch bakeries, restaurants, butcher
shops, road houses, delicatessenp, livery sta-
bles. Name your business and I will suft you.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. cpp. Mason; phone Mint 1911.
TOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling sx office.
O. W. SCHWEIN'IIARD, 917 Market St., near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911. ¦_
DRUG store, downtown; fine location: big
money-maker; legitimate reason for selling.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores>S0O,£ jro-
ceries and bars, 400 saloons. "SOO bakeries, CCO
Ftores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call in and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
A— WE buy. sell or exchange any kind of busi-
ness. CUS STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
A— $250; CANDY and %-ariety store, 5 rooms,
furnished: offer wanted: call Sunday and
Monday at 2700 Mission st. STRAND & CO.,
209 Kearny Bt.
J1250— CREAMERY business; all stock, fixtures,
machinery, cash register, etc.; thoroughly es-
tablished; receipts dally $70 to $S0; situated on
Mkt.. where thousands arc continually pass-
ing; chance never before offered; value in
night; invet. at once. Fischer & Co., 935 Mkt.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place In city; fine cash trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
eex-eral years In business; gilt-edge chance; a
«afe Investment. 326 Pine St., ground floor.
$125— FRUIT store: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
1300 — CORNER saloon: bargain this day. In^
quire MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
A BARGAIN-Grocery and bar; established 17
years; leaving for Europe. Apply 137 Minna.
WANTED — An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about $1300 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071% Mar-
ket ¦treet. San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange— For city or country real
estate, within 100 miles of city, a flrst-class
corner saloon, established for years: only two
blocks from Market 'st. ; elegant fixtures, large
*tock; lease and reasonable rent; good reason:
for celling; no agents. Box 4332, Call office.
MILLINERY store for sale in the thriving
town of Salinas; about 4000 Inhabitants:
(splendid location: rent reasonable; will.be
sold at a bargain. For particulars address
box 218. Salinas. Cal.
BAKERY, notion and candy, store for sale "at
a barcaln from ISO up. Apply at 2239 Mis-
sion st.,. notion store, between 1 and 3. 3
and t p. in.
FOR «ale — Clgam. confectionery, store and
fixtures, ice cream stand; $150. M. C. COF-
FEE. Petaluma.
CIGAR etores— Having three of them, I will
well one or two. AUG. H. AUBIN. 1 Grant
ave.: no affents.
J750-RESTAURANT in factory district; bar-
gain on account of departure to Europe. Boj
44SS Call offlce. . ¦ • -
CHOICE corner ealoon; good location; paying
. buslners. Apply NE. cor. Folsom and 7th.
W00-WELL-E6TABLI6HED delicacy store;
neatest p!ac« across the bay. Box £381. Call.
,_/-.;•¦" EXCHANGE. 1 :,,/. ¦' t^'__
WISH to exchange good real estate In -• San
¦ Jose; well improved; 5 50-varas, with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit: price $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box 4313, Call.
_ FEATHERS RENOVATED. ;^-^
FEATHER pillows and . mattresses steamed,
renovated. . E. J.'O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
Bt; phone Capp 2682.
flats to let.
houses, cottages!^lats~t6 'let" ~"
1125 Leav'wth; h.,8 r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1618 Bush; f. 9 r 30
1178 Ellis; I. 8 r . 45 2427 Sutter; c. 6 r.... 22
1521 O'Farrell: f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton: f. 5 r.. 21
Appfy A.. M. I SPECK & CO.. • 667 Market St.
COLE, corner Oak— One flat of 8 rooms; tiled
bathrooms and sinks; beamed and frescoed
ceilings; looking out on Park; marble vesti-
bule; furniture for sale, which Is new and
: artistically selected; open bet. 10 and 4 o'clock
every day. Key at 409 Cole st. . . -
TO : let— New flat: carpets down, but never
used owing to sudden call to Honolulu: owner
of caroets will be at house 12 .to 4 p. m. to-
day. 1131 Guerrero St.. near Twenty- third.
FINE, 2132— € rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. : : • ¦¦- ' , ¦ '
IF you are looking for houses, flat*, cottages,
stores, call at PATTERSON & CO. S, 11
City Hall square.
A FINE flat of 5 rooms and bath at 4585
Eighteenth st.; fine .view. '
BEFORE moving drop a postal to 925% Folsom
st.; we buy anything you don't care to move.
BOWIE ave.; 5— A flat of 3 rooms; bay-window;
cheap rent to a small family. ¦--
FLAT of 4 rooms to let. 673 Clementina St..
near Elshth. *//" '
NEW 6-room flat; faces park. 54 Partola st.,
off Waller, west of ¦ Stelner. '
SUNNY- bay-window flat; seven rooms and
bath. Corner Dolores and Fifteenth gts.
2 MODERN flats: 'one a corner; 8 and 9 rooms,
2 kitchens In each; $30 and $35. 417'^ Third st.
FLATS WANTED. .
WANTED— Near the park or In desirable part
of Mission, below Twentieth St.. furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent reasonable. Address ' immediately box
4457, Call office. - '
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or S rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call offlce.
r FURNITURE " FOR SALJS^
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. ' A. ¦¦• B SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Fine bedroom set cheap. Apply
1506 Pacific ave. _____^^_
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise,, etc. ; phone Jessie 207L
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
> price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary at.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses. Coronado beach, rate fare.. .$20
3 waitresses, same country hotel $25
2 waitresses, Visalia. fare paid $25
2 waitresses, ' commercial hotel, see party
here $25
Waitress, St. Helena, fare paid $20
Chambermaid, woman with a child, same
place $15
Waitress, Berkeley $20
Waitress, mining town, fare paid $20
Waitress, Red Bluff, fare paid $20
Waitress, State of Nevada, fare paid $20
3 waitresses, springs, fares paid '....$20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, nurses' hall, watering resort $20
Waitress, Sausalito $20
• 10 waitresses, city $20
Pantry girls, summer resort $20
2 fancy ironers. Southern California, rate
fare $35
Plain ironer. Santa Rosa $40
2 shakers out and assist on mangle..:. $1 day
Protestant woman, institution ¦. $20
Linen room woman, country hotel $20
. Starcher. country hotel, south .$35
• Chambermaid to wait, Colusa, fare paid... $20
Chambermaid tp wait, springs, steady
j place ....$20
Cook, country, fare paid $30
Chambermaids, city and country hotels $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. -
Many choice places in this department for
cooks, houseglrls, -second girls, nursegirls, ;
ranch cooks, city and country, highest wages
paid; call and select.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids, $20, for coun-
try hotel, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary ¦ st.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, mountain resort, fare one way
.525
4 -waitresses, resort, near city $20
2 waitresses, > coaet resort, free fare $20
2 waitresses, south, free fare.: $2.1
Waitress, Santa Cruz, free fare $20
Chambermaid. Santa Cruz, free fare :.$2i)
Middle-aged chambermaid, country $20
3 waitresses, city hotels and restaurants
$8 and $20
3 chambermaids to wait $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, no washing, small family, country. ..$30
Cook, $25; second girl, $20, same family; 2
second girls, $20 and $25; housegirl, $25, small
family: many choice places for young girls,
$15 to $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary St.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for Infants'
' department. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER &
CO., 12S-134 Post at. i
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking
in small family. Call this morning at. 1712 :
Octavia St., bet. Pine and Bush.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; references. Apply 8 to 11 a. m. 13
, SCOtt Et. ¦ ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
wages $12 to $15; good heme. 4202 Twenty-
thlrd st ' '.¦
GIRL to assist In housework, 2 In family: no
washing; sleep home. • Call Monday, 252 Lin-
den ave.. near Franklin.
WANTED— A competent girl for general house-
work in family of 3: good wages. 2817 Scott
r.t., between Green and Union.
WANTED— German Eirl to take care of child
3 years old. Apply at 2000 Gough St., 9:30
to 12:20.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and general
housework, small family: $20-$25. 2520 Green
. Bt., between Scott and Devlsadero.
APPRENTICE on custom coats. 461 Jessie st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats; steady
.work. .304 Tehama St., near Fourth.
WANTED— Woman to do general housework;
wages $10 to $12. 819 Third st.
GIRL for housework; $10; small flat: two In
family. 1039A Dolores, near Twenty-fourth.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses. Apply CaL Dairy
Kitchen; wages $10 per week;
AN active girl to help around candy store. Ap-
ply 11G0 Valencia st. • \ •• ¦ '
WANTED-Girl to wait at table. Eureka
Hotel, 415 Brannan st. •
WOMAN wanted for a day; $1 a day and car
'fare. 828D Howard st. • '
A YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep at
home; wages' Email. Apply 4045 Twenty-
sixth st., near Noe.
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
St., upstairs, i between 8 and 10.
WANTED— Good girl for cooking and general
housework; good wages.. Call 3601 Clay St.-
GIRL for generarhousework and cooking; good
¦ wages; call Monday. ,1713 O'Farrell St. • :
"WANTED — Girl for general housework, $25 a
month. Call from 2 to 5 at 2314 California st;
CO OPERATORS on silk and wool waists: good
pay; steady. work.- S. F.' M. Co.. 523 , Market. '
GIRLS wanted at Contra Costa Laundry, cor-
oner. Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
WANTED— A girl for general . housework ; Ger-
man preferred. Call 9 to 11, ¦ morns. , 926 Eddy.
\ A BRANCH office 'for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096
.Valencia st. ': '-¦- ¦ •: ¦ ¦ ', '• >.- : :
! . ; HELP ; WANTED— MALE.'
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny Bt.
.50 R. R. laborers, Ukiah and Santa Banbara,
free fare; 60 laborers for lumber, mllt.1 ship
Mondayj;20 laborers and 20 teamsters. /$2 25,
country. ' fare $1 20; porter. $30 and found.
TAILOR : wanted for .the country. -, Call -, at
BAUMGARTEN'S, 7 Montgomery st. after 9.
PORTER • for barber shop ; ] must • understand
•I, baths., 11 Sixth st. ¦-.•-
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. . : . . .Phone i Main 5S4S
.....634-636 Clay St.... -...
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......OFFICE OPEN 7. A. M. MONDAY
I RAILROAD MEN ........
| RAILROAD MEN ...
E0 laborers UKIAH...... SHIP TO-NIGHT
150 teamsters... UKIAH SHIP TO-NIGHT
875 men '.to cut RIGHT OF WAY..UKIAH..
WAGES $2 to $2 25 day -..FREE -FARE.
.......S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.......
175 men to work for the S. P. R. R. Co. in
section, steel, ballast and other gangs on the
LOS ANGELES and SANTA BARBARA
and other divisions Wages $1 75 to $2 25 day
FREE FARE , SHIP TO-NIGHT
Offlce Fee $1. no other expense ¦
MECHANICAL 'DEPARTMENT
3 carpenters, mine, fare $2 50 $?¦>
2 boiler-makers south $3 25 and $3 50 day
Blacksmith, railroad camp, free fare; ranch
blacksmith, fare ?1 $40 and found
17 blacksmiths, machine, carriage, shop,
¦ camps and ranches...". ;'..........
$3 50 $3, $52 and $45 and found
9 blacksmith helpers. .$1 75 day. $52 and found
¦ 2 harness-makers, - ranches, fare $1 60, $52
and found; gang edgerman, see boss here,
good wages.
MINES.... LABORERS
2 machine miners, good mine .....$52 o0
6 single-hand miners $75
3 miners,- $50 and found; 6 drillers, hard rock,
$67 50; 6 miners, $60: 10 muckers, good mine,
$75; 15 laborers for a mine. $60 and'found
5 laborers, $34 and found; 10 laborers for sur-
face work of mine, easy Job.... $30 and found
25 laborers, city. $14 week; 10 laborers, city,
$27 50, board and room ; 5 laborers, $33 and
found; 7 laborers for quarry, $2 to $2 25 day;
3 laborers, factory, city, $1 50 to $1 75 day.
HERE IS BIG WAGES
ELECTRIC COMPANY'S WORK.......
15 laborers, no experience.... $67 50
10 drillers, north *">
5 tunnel men, north, $30; reduced railroad fare.
../.. SAWMILLS AND WOODS.... .......
10 swampers, new lumber Co.... $40 to $65 & fd
15 lumber pliers, steady job $35 and found
10 laborers, no experience, for" sawmill Co.
• steady job year round $35 to $43 and found
2 tree fellers, $45 and found; 10 crosscut saw-
yers, 5 jackscrewers, : 10 linemen, for woods;
10 laborers to /build roads, fare 90c, $30 and
found;- barkpcelers, $40
, .\. MISCELLANEOUS
WAREHOUSEMEN
6 . warehousemen, $3 day; 10 men to handle
grain, $3 day :.... •••
Stableman, private place, country $30
15 2 and 4 horse teamsters, Amador Co
$2 and^2 25 day
4 woodchoppers, pine wood... M. 75 cord
15 men to clear land ..$40 and found
75 men for hay an1 harvest work
$125 to $2 day
150 farmers for steady work on farms, vine;
yards, orchards;- 28 choremen and boys; 15
ranch teamsters, $1 25 to $2 50 day and found;
17 milkers, $30 to $40 and found; dairy man
for hotel, see boss here, $35 and found: hay
balers, $3 50 day; 6 pruners, $30 and found
HOTEL, BAKERY. LAUNDRY. BUTCHER
AND OTHER DEPT.
Cook, mine boarding-house .'.$60
Second cook, mine $40
2 camp waiters, $30; cook for surveying party,
9 men, $45 and found, see boss here
15 cooks, different hotels and restaurants;
waiter for springs, $25; 2 waiters, country
hotel, $35; 17 waiters for other Jobs; dish-
washer, ranch, $1 fare, $25 and found; 25 dish-
washers, kitchen hands and vegetable men;
baker, country shop, north, $60 and found;
baker, city, $30: baker's helper on cakes, $25
and found, country; butcher, country shop,
good block man, $40 and found; butcher shop
and wagon, see boss here; clerk for bakery,
1 city. $30 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. - ' .
' '¦ *
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
WANTED TO-DAY
2000 men for new railroad work
Teamsters, laborers, tunnelmon, . drillers,
muckers, axmen, choppers and crosscut saw-
yers for
UKIAH
NEVADA
TRUCKEE
COAST ROAD
.. CHATSWORTH PARK (BIG TUNNEL) ..
WAGES FROM $1 75 TO $3 A DAY
FREE FARE. .SHIP TO-DAY. .FREE FARE
200 laborers for ditch work, handling .cord
wood and brickyards for large companies,
country. $2 to $2 25 a day: 50 farmers, milk-
ers, dairymen and haymakers, $30 and $35
and 51 Si a day; 10 lumber pliers, $35; gar-
dener $25; 4 blacksmiths. $2 and $3 a day;
farmer and wife, $40; blacksmith for sum-
mer resort. Lake Tahoe, $40 to $13 and fare
paid -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Garde mange, country hotel. J7j>; cold-meat
cook, country hotel, $65 to $75; second cooks,
fryers and broilers, city. $60 to $70; kitchen
crew for summer resort, $120; 20 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands for hotels and resorts,
$30 and $25 •
6 waiters for country hotel, $30 and $25; 2
porters, country hotels, $25; 3 bell boys, city,
$10 and $15; extra porter, country hotel
Mangier, country hotel laundry, $25; 2 men
to work on mangle, hotel laundry, country,
$25 and fare paid
Bookkeeper, must be stenographer and type-
writer, country hotel, $35 and found
10 colored extra waiters, country • hotel, $1 60
a- day and fare paid both ways
C. R.' HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 BELL boys, $12 50; dishwashers, steady; cook
for cold room, $70, at flrst-class country hotel,
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SECOND cook for camp, $40 and'found; 3 res-
taurant cooks. $9 week and $50 and $60 month;
hotel cook, $50: pastry cook and baker, $M;
third hand baker, $30 and found: wardman.
$25; vegetable and hot cake cook, $33; In-
side servant, private family, $20 and found;
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
638 Sacramento st. ,
SCANDINAVIAN coachman. $33 and found; 6
milkers, $30 and found; farmers, $1 day and
$S0 and found; teamsters, $1 25 day and
board and $2 day; 2 stablemen, $30 and
found: stableman for milkman, $35: Ameri-
can driver for milk waeon, $35 and found:
washer i for laundry, $30 and found ; laundry
man and wife, $30 and found; lroners, $30 and
$35 and found: man about place, $25 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,'
62S Sacramento st. .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' .International Union
meets to-night. 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, waitresses . and
buses, also extras for Epworth League meet-
ing; register at once; no fee. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Taller on custom coats. S04 Tehama
St., near Fourth.
PRESSMAN wanted on custom coats. 4G1 Jes-
sle st. U^ " ' '
FIRST-CLASS coat, vest, pants makers. Call
at C33 Kearny st.
BOY v for plumbing shop'. 504 Post st.
WANTED— A waiter. G13 Clay st.
STRONG young man to care for invalid. 2624
Sutter St., after 9 a. in. . .
WANTED — A single sober elderly man as
nightwatchman. Hotel Repelier. 781 , Sutter.
WANTED— Good barber; steady. 1S7 Ninth st.
CIVIL . service Government positions; about
9000 appointments made last year; probablg
10, CCO this .year; only a common school edu-
cation required; catalogue of information
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WAREHOUSEMEN and grain handlers are
. hereby notified - to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Bay Counties Warehousemen' s\Protec-
tlve Association No. 9228.
BARBERS— 6-chair shop connected with 10 ele-
gant bathrooms ; x this is one of the best pay-
ing shops in city; can be bought reasonable
if called immediately. STOLTZ, 723 Market.
MEN" to take lessons in self-shaving; will be
of lasting benefit to you; terms reasonable.
Boston Institute of Autoshaving. 105 Ellis St.,
room 31. 10-12 a. m., 1-4 and 6-3 p. m.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
. bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason Et.
WANTED— By a leading fire insurance offlce
for outside work, a party well acquainted and
connected. Box 3338, Call offlce.
GOOD solicitor and collector, industrial Insur-
ance; salary, advanced. N. COHEN, assistant
superintendent, -San Rafael. .
WANTED— Cigar clerk; good wages: must be
acquainted In city; references wanted. Ad-
dress box 442S. Call offlce. ,
FREE HOMES.........'. SOLDIERS'
Declaratory statements filed at 630 Market
St. SMITH & HOWE. . - '
WANTED — Young man with some cash; $30
month and board; no exp. Restaurant, 496 4th.
CONFECTIONER on pies, cakes and candy.
Apply or address 1 803 Valencia st.
WANTED — Strong . boy, about 17. LE VI
STRAUSS k & CO.. 36'/4 Fremont St.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 1406 Polk St.; call
•Monday., ¦; ¦
WANTED — Laborers and " mechanics - to know
that Ed Rolkin.Reno House proprietor, still
¦ runs. Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per, week.
WANTED— An experienced domestic salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS., 879 Market St., be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. .
BOY to: assist in store and run errands. E35
.Valencia st. '. : -
i PANTSMAKER ' for country. Apply -REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. - -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, - half
price.' 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ;-'¦.'-.
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MY-
I SELL. ROLLINS & CO.; 22 Clay st.
,. UELP wAwTEP— MALE— Coa.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
8 weeks required: 2 years' time saved by our
method;, examination and diploma, given
free; complete outfit of tools donated: special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
SOLDIERS -wanted learn the barber trade; spe-
cial inducements; situations guaranteed after
8 weeks' practice; call or write at once for
special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE/ 635 Clay st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS^
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
¦ G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ata.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships, for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. . S..F. Barber School, 741A Howard at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1QS3
Valencia st. * "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200\lUmore «t.
'HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. - Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him; cheap at $150: don't answer if you are
looking for a $50 horse. 125 Geary st.
ONE good strong one-horse express wagon.
1370 Turk st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
_¦ etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping .wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES "WANTED.
WANTED— To buy a pair of ponies or a small
¦ horse; must be pen tie: price must be reason-
able;, trial asked. Address box 4354. Call.
¦HORSES wanted to work on' scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery *t., room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cuiar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA— To lease, ideal home; beautiful
residence, 9 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; sunny comer; flowers and fruit;
photos at offlce. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath Is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installment* ;
call and eee it In operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AND FOUND.
HORSESHOE diamond ring. July 12, on Pow-
ell-st. car bet. Bush and Market sts. or
Hayes-st. car bet. Powell and Franklin. Lib-
eral reward if returned to JOHN T. GIBSON.
1201 Market st. - -
LOST— On Sunday, July 14, bet. Ross station.
Maria Co.. and Unlon-st. cars to Laguna St.,
a diamond • brooch. Liberal reward If re-
turhed to 424 Parrott building.
LOST— From 434 Sixtieth st.. Oakland, long-
haired black and white collie dog, valued
as baby's playmate. Reward if returned to
434 Sixtieth st. Oakland.
LOST— On Thursdaj-, the 11th, one black and
white deerhound pup, «oout 7 months old.
Return to 423 Post St., St. Lawrence Stables,
and receive reward.
DOG lost— Liver-colored Irish water spaniel;
tag 623; liberal reward for return or Informa-
tlon. L. PH. BOLANDER, 432 Fair Oaks st.
LOST— In the vicinity of First and Natoma
sts., small brown spaniel bitch with white
breast. Return to 35 Jessie st.; reward.
"Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best iu America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN "wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list. MRS.HERTZ, 7C6 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. \
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
. my regulator has no equal: all classes of ie-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain; ¦
no other treatment will do this; the most dif- •
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately ¦
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no •
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale'a.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st. '¦
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladies' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce: any ailment; private home for patients ;
before and during confinement; low fees.
DR. and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market; our regula- :
tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent women;
office treatment guaranteed; strictly reliable.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Maaon.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
Bkin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
"United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLP31AN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bara, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ON acount of vacating present location and
moving to new works we offer for sale— for
removal— our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with..
traveling: cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Beale
and Howard sts.
YOUNG Central America parrots. $8; remember
College Kennels has largest and finest St.
Bernards, English and Irish setters, cockers,
Scotch, Skye**Yorkshire, fox and bull terrier
and collie pups; Great Danes and dach-
shunds; dogs boarded. 115 Kalght st.
AIR ccmoresscr. 3 sizes, E, 10, 20 stamp mills;
SO mininK cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water Dower. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
FOR sale— Baby buggy^ good as new. cheap;
also cot, -wire and hair mattresses. 803 Van
Ness ave.
A— 37x52; 2-roller Campbell press; fine condl-
ticn. Address box 3925. Call offlce. .
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora Kits. $1 73." Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Monteomery st.
A BARGAIN — 20-foot sloop. Apply 333 Grove
St., San Francisco. . •
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper hang-
ing. 1302 .Webster st. ; tel. Jackson 1321.
WANTED— To sell old Spanish coins. Address
bor 3792. Call office. . .
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold
rented, exchanged. - . H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving ' picture ma-
chine $37 CO. - 109 Montgomery st.
_•¦•¦-•-¦¦'¦-•-,.•
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE— Con.
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento«*t.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
eryr J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay icale: Jeweler's ite«j
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. oS Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and.
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving; pie*
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post at.
WE pay bis prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CaJl.
16 pages, to wrapper for mailing 1 . $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
unused check stamps bought: 2c: loose or
Imprinted; also all documentary and proprie-
tary stamps. R. GARVEY. 10C8 Call building.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA-MANHArrA^rXSijrc6^ANT7
$300,000 at S per cent In sums to suit. City A
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purcha3»
any of abova securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN^LaANCO^TthfloOTjCrockerblds.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PEIR CENT
First, second and third mortgages ,
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN :
24 Montgomery St.. room 3 ..........
HERMAN MURPHT. 630 Market it., loans on
first and second mortgages, interests la es-
tates, undivided interests in real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; if your property is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR-
PHY. 630 Market st.
A MONEY to loan at rates which people car
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; av
not borrow of your friends or you -will los»
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
$25,000 TN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room SS.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth :
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private^ Lick. 113 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. S Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages;. no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bulldmy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room i.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without'
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market. 8. F.
(Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day— Steck.
Everett. Packard, Conover, Hardman, Ludwig,
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes. Har-
rington. Kingsbury, Jewett and Straube.
You cannot afford to buy a piano until you
sea THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 arni
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth at.. Oakland.
A SURE Indication that th« public is appre-
ciative is the fact that our 20 and 80 per cent
reduction sale of pianos for July Is such a
success.
Think of a $500 piano for $350. Such prices
were never offered before. We sell for cash
or payments. THE ZENO MATJVAIS CO..
769 Market at.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, $75. J125. $143. etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickering. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes: gTeat bargain; $50 up; rent* $3
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free; you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk St., near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk: largest in city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments; no re-
serve. WILSON" S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS $75 up; Hartman, $100; Chickering.
$150; Nleuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON, 3
Flood building.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy, Lester. Hamilton
and Spellmann pianos. 308 Post st.
PARTY going to Chicago must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 782 Ellis st.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher. $95;
Chickering. $1S5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sala cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st. '
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100: pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
$80— FINE upright; baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for Rale cheap. HORNCXG'S, 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTtI
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WSEK'S news for S cents— Th© Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 p»r year.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
HYDB. 1517— Basement brick, bard finished. 34
x40 feet; suitable for painter, carpenter or
storage; rent $8. ¦
FOR the choicest double store In city for re-
tall trade address Owner, box 4434, Call.
323 PACIFIC St.— Handsome, large store, cheap;'
also 810 Sansome. store $6 per month.
LIGHT, cheerful offices; US and J2X T^riTna
Spreckels building. 827 Market st.
._ '. OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO^ '
We have Just received advices of the grant-
Ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rlcan
Government. We now own over 50.000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands in the world:
Bame Is also best tropical agricultural land;
the stock is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the Government documents will im-
mediately be advanced to 23 cents. The stock
cannot fall to go to several dollars per share.
Call or send for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING & INVESTMENT CO., 32S
Pott St.. San Francisco. Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Costa. Rica in San Francisco.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts v Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
40 ACRES, Just north of BakersQeld. $30, con-
ditionally. . HAMILTON & CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
Blzaa; cheap. H. S. WHITE. Sl« Mission st.
- PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, reli-
able work. Clark's. 808 Larkln ; tel. Larkln 1C60.
ROOMS papered from $3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 3321.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones St.-
MME. GERM AINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 613
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. BlacX Ml.BEAU ADMIBAL ROGEES
, UNVEILS THE MOITTJMENT
Japanese Commemorate the "Landing
of Commodore Perry at -
Kurihama.
YOKOHAMA. July 14.— The ceremony of
unveiling, at Kurihama, the monument
to' commemorate the landing- there of
Commodore Perry, July 14, 1853, was per
formed to-day by Rear Admiral Rogers,
commanding the United States visiting
squadron.
Viscount Katsura, the Japanese Pre
mier, delivered the memorial address and
a number of other Japanese officials of
high rank were present.
Three Americans and five Japanese war
ships saluted.' Various speeches were
made by Americans and Japanese, all
dwelling upon the close relations between
the two powers.
- ¦ m ¦ j
It is better to make good use of what
little you know than it Is to know a great
deal that Is of no earthly use. j
HOTEL ABHIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L J Timmons. Louisv Miss R Worthing, Stktn
W B Timmons, Louisv Miss L M Parsons,
Mrs W E Maynard.Kas Stockton -
M S Lewis, Boca L Lukes, Balls Ferry
F D Hopkins, -Vallejo G W F Rembert. N Or
R Messing, Sart Jose R E Rea, Miss
D E Nash, San! Jose Mrs A H Webb, Mo
T Gilbert, Anioch Miss N Webb, Mo
L W Harris, S Lake W W Spiers, Mo
W H Harris, S Lake M Gowans. w & ch,
Mrs W Bide. Ind Toronto
Miss G Bide. Ind W M Nelson & w. Ill
E E Adams, Ohio R P Christian & w, Ga
Mrs B V McCune, Salt A C Morrison, James-
Lake town
Mrs W Hume, Los Ang C L Davis, Jamestown
G A Libby & w. Wash G B Barnett, Hanford
J D Newton. Wash Mrs E R Buxton, Cal
A O Soper, Chicago Dr A V .Miller, Mon-
M J Quinlan, Wis ticello
W E Wheeler, N Y Miss M Ralph, Minn
T D Petch, Eureka Janette M Cooper, Seatl
Mrs S HReynolds.Mlnn C Lindner, Jacksonv
W F Miller. NT E F Kelter, Chicago
H Clark, Bakerstleld R Missing, S Jose •
J F Price, St Louis D E Nash, San Jose
Anna E Morse. Minn D C Wlellck, Nebr
Dorothy M Ray, Minn G F Dunn. Omaha ¦
J W Kelly, Chicago Mr Hancock, w & ch,
N E Noxon, Minn Nev
Mrs M B Green, Mo Mrs Darling, Napa
Mrs A V Leggett, Ind Mrs O A Turner & s,
C H Royce, Winters Grass Valley
Mrs H Farrington, Cal Dr J T Jones. Gr Val
Miss C B Newkirk, 111 J M Willis, Chicago
Miss M A Barker, HI W Rosenberg Jr, Pa
E Banks, Arroyo Grde W E Hawkins, Holllster
M L Southwick, Mo Mrs E S Hartnell, Cal
F C Burdette Jr, Mo Miss Hartnell. Cal
Mrs F Heigh, S Rosa G M William. S Barb
T Stubbs, London . . L Pierce. Suisun
C F Price, Salt Lake M Marsden, Dawson
Mrs W W Worthing, Miss M Thomas. Cal
Stockton G W Johnson & w.Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Mudd, Mare Islnd W R Ramsdell, Cal,
B Richards, Neb J McFadden, Sta Ana
J Lugsden, Cal W B Cllne, Los Ang
C T Howe, NT 'EC Connor & w, Tex
F Patrick, Topeka E C Klauber, Chicago
F Barnett, Denver H H McGee & w, La
R A Zeeke, Chicago C Sparks, Kansas City
W G Cresman, Phlla W Dennis, Kansas Cty
A Hofman, St Louis . G M Purnell, Sacto
J Dick, Kansas -¦ J R Crosser, Chicago
J OKnox, Waterloo C A Poulson. Fhiladel
J Keef e, Cal S V W Patterson. Pa
E W Nettleton. L Ang E 9 Ferry & w, Utah
C Martens & w) L Ang J F Parks, Jackson
G Voss, Cal R V Ellis, Hanford
F I Towle, St Paul L T Moore, San Diego
E E Adams, Ohio T P Myer, Iowa
C B Barnes, Los Ang J R Foran & w, Mo
E W Mason, Coalinga j a Lehman, Kan City
C H Peck, St Louis C E Wolf. Kansas City
R E Hyde, Visalia M G Zallnskl, USA
J Robb, NT J P Coyle. N T
W J McKer & w, Chgo F Little & w, N T
W Durfee Jr, N T Mrs C B Webster, N H
Dr M R Hughes, Mo R M Jones, Victor
S.F Price Jr. St Louis H B Mintern, Mlntern
D V Evanoff , Russia F G Marcus, Stanford
H Eppinger Jr & w, S H Frlenly, Oregon
Paso Robles . .
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 14-5 p. m.
• The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Mount Tamalpais, 77; Independ
ence. 92; Red Bluff, 94; Fresno, 96; Los An
geles, 86; Sacramento, 90; San Luis Obispo, 76;
San Diego, 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 48; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
western portions of Washington and Oregon
and in the upper Sacramento Valley. Else
where on the Pacific slope fair weather pre
vails.
The pressure is falling rapidly over Washing
ton and Oregon, and rising along the coast of
Southern. California. ..
The temperature has risen over the Pacific
slope, except a fall along the central coast- of
California. The rise In the upper Sacramento
Valley and In Southwestern Oregon ranges from
14 to 16 degrees. . .: . ¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight, July 15, 1901:
Northern California— Partly cloudy or . foggy
along the coast and In the extreme north por
tion Monday, fair elsewhere; brisk southwest
wind; cooler in the interior.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.' . ¦. ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ : ¦ « . '
¦ Nevada— Fair Monday; light west wind. -
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
or foggy Monday, with fresh to brisk south
west wind. O. H. WILLSON, .
Local Forecast Official.
"Women were first permitted to become
employes in Government offices in 1862,
when Secretary of the Treasury Salmon
P. Chase appointed six -women clerks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15, 1901,
11
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
w
I'
SB 0
IllMi
: 3 : 3 S J
a
a
I!
Astoria 30.00 68 46 NW Pt.Cldy . 0
Baker..... 29.90 78 44 NE ' Clear 0
Carson.... 29.96 80 44 W Clear 0
Eureka.. .....30.00 60 50 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Fresno 23.76 96 62 NW- Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.84 86 54 SW Clear 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29. 78 86 64 NW Clear 0
Independence 29.62 92 62 S Clear 0
I,os Angeles 29.82 S6 58 SW Clear 0
Phoenix 29.60 108 82 SW Clear 0-
Portland 29.92 76 54 NE Pt.Cldy 0
Red /Bluff 29.78 94 62 SE Cloudy 0
Roseburgr 29.92 80 44 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Sacramento 29. S2 90 52 SW Clear 0
Salt T,ake 29.74 94 66 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29.94 60 48 W Clear 0
Sr.n Luis Oblspo...29.96 76 46 W Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 70 60 NW Clear 0
Seattle 29.98 72 48 TV* Clear 0
Spokane.". 30.00 76 BO E Clear Tr.
Neah Bay 30.02 ES 50 W Cloudy 0
Walla Walla.. .....29. 92 80 52 NW Clear 0
Winnemucca 29.76 84 44 SW Clear 0
Yuma 29.62 106 78 SW Clear 0
Temperature — 7 a. m. ; 52 degrees.
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
w
I'
SB 0
IllMi
: 3 : 3 S J
a
a
I!
Astoria 30.00 68 46 NW Pt.Cldy . 0
Baker..... 29.90 78 44 NE ' Clear 0
Carson.... 29.96 80 44 W Clear 0
Eureka.. .....30.00 60 50 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Fresno 23.76 96 62 NW- Clear 0
Flagstaff 29.84 86 54 SW Clear 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29. 78 86 64 NW Clear 0
Independence 29.62 92 62 S Clear 0
I,os Angeles 29.82 S6 58 SW Clear 0
Phoenix 29.60 108 82 SW Clear 0-
Portland 29.92 76 54 NE Pt.Cldy 0
Red /Bluff 29.78 94 62 SE Cloudy 0
Roseburgr 29.92 80 44 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Sacramento 29. S2 90 52 SW Clear 0
Salt T,ake 29.74 94 66 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29.94 60 48 W Clear 0
Sr.n Luis Oblspo...29.96 76 46 W Clear 0
San Diego 29.84 70 60 NW Clear 0
Seattle 29.98 72 48 TV* Clear 0
Spokane.". 30.00 76 BO E Clear Tr.
Neah Bay 30.02 ES 50 W Cloudy 0
Walla Walla.. .....29. 92 80 52 NW Clear 0
Winnemucca 29.76 84 44 SW Clear 0
Yuma 29.62 106 78 SW Clear 0
Temperature — 7 a. m. ; 52 degrees.
AUCTION SALES
__a 5^ fe
ON TUESDAY, JULY 23d,
I Will Sell
1OO
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
HORSES,
All thoroughly broken and carefully selected
to suit everybody. These horses weigh from
950 to 1400 pounds each. No reserve. -
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST., near Third.
WM. G. LATNG. Auctioneer.
I iyv wAlwill/
The places, the rates for
¦ the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
\ had" of the Santa Fe
Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July" 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20 and 21.
\ CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
641 Market Street.
CALIFORRIi RORTHWESTEM RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
San Francis;o to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m .; 1:80. *:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50,*9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and t>:35 x>. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. in. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Aprll 28, 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun-' I I ' Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. [ Destination. I days. | Paya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm ; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
I Fulton.
7:30 am i ¦ ' Windsor. 10:23 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
j GeyservMe.
3:30 pm .8:00 am Cloverdale 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm| Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 arc | and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 ami j • 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and j
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:C5pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami ' ¦ • ¦ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm? Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnss: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Hichland Sprinss, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lane, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day'*, Riverside, Llerley'f, Buckne'.;**,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, OiTa Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Braes. West-
port. Usal. Willitm, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen' s, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
3ulldlns.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pan. Art.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 BEABNY ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
rtisfas* wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. TneDoctorcures'when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<!iirr«eaaraiitrrd. Cull or write,
Dr. J. JF. illIBBUIf, sau l-'rauciscc, Cal.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains leitv* nml nre «lnt> to nrrlt* at
MAN FKANC1MCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) '
X.ZATX — From Jcly 14. 1901. — akkits
7:O0a Benicia, Suisua, Elmir» and S«cr».
mento C:33p
7:00.1 VaciTiUe, Winters, Eumsey ?:55p
7:30a Martinet, Sau Hamon, Vallejo. N»J>*.
Calistogaaudtfwita Rosa fltSSp
8:0i»a Davia, Woodland, Knfgnta Landing.
MarjiTille, tirorille.. 7:33r
8:00a Atlantic Ki press— Ogdou and East 12:23r
8:U4i A Niles, Ltthrop, Stockton ?:23p
8:00a Niles. Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
Porterrule 4:53*
S:3Oa Shasta Express— Davik, WiOiama (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7>33r
¦ 18OA Sau Jose, Llvermore, Stooktou,
loue, Sacramento, Placervilla,
Mitrysvllln, Chico, U«<1 liliitt 4iS3r
8t3OA Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite), 80-
nora,Carte» 4:S3p
0:00a Hay ward, Niles and Way Stations.. 1 1 i-ISa
9:O<U Vallejo 12:23?
9iOOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez, •
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
Fresno and Los An^sles .......... 7:23r
9:U0A Vallejo, Martinez ami Way Stations *:35p
1O:0Oa The Orerland Limited— Ogdea, Den>
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 0>93r
flsOQr Saorameuto Itlter Ste»inern t 5:< >"-*
3:3Op Hayward. Nilrs and Way Station*.. 7:33r
4i««r IJeuicia, Winters, Maeramento. -
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
' M»rys»ille. Oroillle 10:33a
4i00p Martinez, Hau lUinou, VaHejo,
Napa,-CalistOKa. Santa Rosa »i»5a
4:«Or Niles, —rermore. Stockton. Lodi... 13>23p
4sH»r Hayward, Miles, Man Joae, Livtrmore (t^s*
4:30p Port Cos a, Tracy, Lathiop, Stockton 10:23a
3:00? The Owl Limited— Freguo, Tulare,
Bakenfleld, Saugns for Santa, Bar. -
bara, Los Angeles 8:53*
5:OOf Martlnf z. Anticcb, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Freano 13:23p
3:0<»r Yosemite 12:*5p
5:30j? New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresco, Bakenneid, Lcs Angeles,
Deming, El Faao, New Orleans
and East...' ?:33a
OsOOp Hayward, Niles and San Jose • 7:33*
t<J:O«r Vallejo 11:23*
fiiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cbeyenn*.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23p
«:00p Orieutal .Mail— Ogden, Denver.
St. Louia. Chicago. 4:23r
7<OOr Oregon aud California Kxpress.Hao-
raniento. Marysfllle. IWiMtiig-,
Portlumt, l'tiget Hound and Kast 8:33a
8i«5p San Pablo, Fort Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11:23a
t»K>3p Vallejo 7i3*f
COAST LINE (Narrow (lunge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
17:45a Santa Cruz Excursion to rianta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JS:03y
' 8:13a Newark. C'enterillle. Hau. lose. Pelton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Cms and Way
Stations 5:30*
t2il9r Newark, CenterTllIe, San Jose, New
Alnmileu, Pel ton, llnnlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 1I».«»A
4iI3p Newark, Hau Joae, Los Gatos fS:»»a
cttlSp Glenwood.Bonider Creek. Santa Crnz <8:3<>a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIM t —SCISCO— Foot of Market Strict (Slip 81— ,
t7:lS 9:00 11:00*.!!. 1:03 3:03 3:13r.M.
rromOilUXD— F»»l •! Br»»dw«j.— fr. : 0O (8:00 t3:03
10:00 A.M. 12:0 J 2:00 i:03r.H.
COAST LINE (Rroai! flange).
¦ (Third mid Townaend Sta.)
61 ¦ «a San Jose and Way .stations. I •»3«»A
t7:«OA Han Joae »ml Way Stations l>;t«p
/7:»«>a New Almadeii /«:10?
17:20a Sunday Excursion for San Jcie. •
Panta Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way SUtiona J8-8O*
•sOOAHau Joae. HoUinter. Hi.nta Cruz.
Pacific <3;oTe. Salinas, tian Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7:30?
10:30a San Jcse and Way Stations. 6:30r
II:3Oa Sau .Insaaml Way .-Stations 8t»0F
t2s<13F8an Mateo. itadwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han .lone,
Holllster, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey aud Pacific ttrovo 110:43a
S:30p San Joae, Tres Finos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific OroT9 and Way Stations 4:l0p
•MsISr Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations »:-i3a
i3:OOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»«OO»
5:3ftr Sau Jose and Principal Way .Stations 8:36a
OiOOp Redwood. Han Jose, Gilroy, Salicas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03.4
«::top San Jobs aud Way Stations t»i«nt*
alli45p San Jose and Way Stations 7i3Or
A for Morning. P for A t tern con.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. • Monday.
« Saturday an I Sunday. / Tuesdays and Fridsyv
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Farry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIL— VAI_EY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— €:55, 8:30. »3:30. U:Q0 a. _,
J2:43, 1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, •8:1a, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sa\.
Rafael . on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. 10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:15, *l:30, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — •5:23. 8:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a. m., *12:25, 1:15, 2:20, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 4:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *3:0O, 9:45, •11:00 a. m.. *U
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. "S^. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK . DAYS-5:45, 8:15, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
an<l Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:35. 8:00. 10:03. 11:10 a. m^ 12-13.
1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:13 p. ,r_ Saturdays — Cazadero and 'way sta-
tions. ...
5:15 d. m . week days (Saturdays excepted)-.
Tomales and way stations.
s a. m . Sundays— Caaadero and way rtatioa*.
30 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
TU BUMlits »«rry— Fort af Varty St.
«.« *v« ¦*¦« run. Aimrvc •**¦ — ¦¦.
lig££* WEEK DATS..... $ figj-^
8:00 A. M.\ f 12:15 p.m.
9:00 a. m. > lOSr.M.
10*0 A. M. 1 itmTDAVa V 3:30 F. M.
120 P. V. 550 ?. If.
2:30 P. M.J I 7:10».ic.
Van. Su Frtndiefl la hnn tad tcMta. J1.4O
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SansaH to yerrrJ
PERSONALS.
A— EPWORTH Leaguers* downtown meeting
V place at the Bon-Ton at S24 Post St.. near
, rowell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dsinty tea served every afternoon.
ESmtytblaS free. Manicuring, hair-dressing or
baths. Zoc. All visitors welcome.
A— IF you hair is falling or you are bald, call
l« VJl. G. 6. MOORE. 4S3 Geary st., and you
wIJl net be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
• parts of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
...Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms-
Zi-c to $150 per night; Jl 60 to $6 per week-
• iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry!
*1 • WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; flne dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, 115 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
, Market st., between 6eventh and Eighth.
"WHITE enamel iron beds. Bingle, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Laflies' end gents' cast-off clothing bought and
6old. J.Sllverman. 9S4 Foisom;tel. Folsom 1131.
"WANTED— Woman R. R. ticket to Chicago;
state price. Box 3S5S. Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 836 Mission st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay?
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market et
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73S Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AAO SUHGEOXS.
DR Ai C « _. °'^O*^LL-Offlc~«id residence,
1C21 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HIM. herb doctor, successfully
t^f.™ 1 , flls * ases = of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 113-117 Maeon, nr. Ellis.
•^PSi OXG Xvo °- herb doctor; sanitarium.
<b4-.66 Clay et. : see testimonials at office.
;__ piles.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; mar.y who have suffered to to 30 years;
over 50 names of prominent business men
cent as reXerence; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. K.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOIt SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO ™~
BARrATv<P MARKET STREET.
ESTATES. FORECLOSURES. :
ALL MUST BE SOLD.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. •
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. July 16. 1901.
At Our Salesroom, 12 O'clock M.
628 Market St.
, DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
_^°, uta s^e <625) Pott »t. 30:2 feet west of
vuiliam: two stores and two fiats. 7 rooms
* g r 4 0 b . ath each; rents $107 50 per month; lot
/¦ __ GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
North side (24GS) Washington St.. 95 feet west
of Webster; elegant residence. 9 rooms and
bath: modern in every respect and all material ,
of the finest; lot 25x92:4Vj feet. j
7, "WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
/ Southwest corner (1223) Webster and Ellis
Fts.; two stores and 6 rooms. 2 flats 6-3 rooms
*nd bath each; rents J1140 per annum; three
. frontages; lot 37:€xS7:6 feet.
ELLIS STREET INVESTMENT.
South eide (1253) Ellis St.. 192:6 feet west o*
Octavia, through to Willow ave. ; house 6
: rooms and two rear houses 6 room? and bath
each; rents $54 per month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
South Bide (1815) Broadway. 155 feet west of
Gough et. : modern residence 14 rooms and bath;
lot 42:Sxl20 feet; porcelain bath; stationary
washEt&nds in every rocm: cement wash trays,
etc.; newly painted and tinted throughout.
. . • SACRAMENTO STREET CORNER.
Southwest corner gacramento Et. and Pros-
pect plac*; lot '£0x46 feet; house 8 rooms; rents
512 a. month.
' : '¦¦• ' '. SHIPLEY STREET FLATS.
North side (220) Shipley St.. 150 feet west of
•Fifth; two flats. 4 rooms and bath each and
rear house 2 roomF; rents $Zo per month; al-
ways rented; lot 2ox7a feet.
- -HARRIET STREET INVESTMENT. .
East side (Nos. 4:» to 425) Harriet st.. 100 feet
eouth of Brannan; two front houses, 16-8 rooms
and rear house € rooms; rents $624 per annum;
lot 50x83 ffcet.
• SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
: ¦'Estate of James McCarty. deceased.
Southeast side <211) Shipley et.. 91:8 feet west
Fifth; house S rooms; under instructions
from the executors must be sold; lot 16:8x75
• feet.-.
. • -¦ ¦ FORECLOSURE SALE.
East side (SI) Chattanooga St.. 234 feet north
cf Twenty-FPcond : a cozy cottage of 5 room*
end bath: Mission warm -belt; rents $12 per
month; lot 21x125 feet.
' Kor further particulars, terms of sale, etc.,
I • procure catalogues at our office and on the
, property. EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
W . -. €28 Market Et
ALL - Genuine Bargains in This List..
Appiy A. M. SPECK & CO.. «67 Market Bt.
• S1200— Eieht-rocm house en Union Bt
'.'•. S1500— Five-room cottage near Buchanan st
• $1600— 7-rcom hous-e en Broadway; a snap.
¦ 12200 — Three- flats near Mason and Sutter
rts=.; rents J21.
$2i00 — Store and four rear/, livlnjr-rooms on
Mission £t.
52400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market Eta.
$3500— Store, fiat and house: rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission «ts.
' S37S0 — Two nlc<> flats near Hyde and Califor-
nia tts.; rents $37.
S&5G0— Athbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly xaoOaoi magnificent view.
$11,000— Choice flats near Golden Gate Park;
rente S14C: lot 50-foot front; third cash.
J15.0G0 — Klfiht modern flats on corner near
Larkin Bt.; all rented for ilio.
£18,500— Grand Investment; modern improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front; near Jonea et.; rents
fl70; all rented.
$15,500 — Near Btockton Et. ; one tenant; rent
*120; lot 35-foot front.
$18,000 — Howard et., near Fourth; modern
four-story building : safe business investment.
Apply- A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market et.
RARE WWXTCWX CORNER ITCVEST-
MEXT.
1 Block From Bali! win Hotel Site and Tivoli
Theater.
$71,000 refused 2 years ajpo for this property;
2 «tore» and 2 lodEing-houses; 60 feet front-
age; will pay 6 per cent net on $75,OC0.
Tor farther particulars apply to
A. M. SPECK.
€67 Market gt.
J1S30— CHICKEN ranch, 2 blocks from the
street car, near Silver ave.; 5 level lots; new
4-room cottage; rhick'-n houses, barns; a good
well of water : IS00 can remain on mortgage.
S. DUCAS. Ci6 Market Et.
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, bulld-
lnj? material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co.. 1611 Market; tel. Howard 2436.
ELEGANT flats California Et. for sale; or ex-
cliange for Oakland property. Box 3997. Call.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
3ZO0— A RARE chance to secure farm or stock
ranch; 220 acres unequaled crazing- Govern-
ment land on county road. Humboldt Co.,
Cal.; free & unlimited range surrounding : 3
horsee, 4 cov.-s, young dock; house & out-
louilfiinfrs en place; epring water. Particular*
HI'TTLER. Elcho House. S63'4 Market st.
mitfltTW ~nr sale or to rent. 4% acres 1
rr.lle below San Mateo; level: can raise any-
thins; Email hous*. etc.; flne climate. 207
Church Et.. near Market after 'p.m.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
f.->-e list. C. TL WIXFIELP. Petalnma. CaL
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WILL EXCHANGE— For suburban property
around the bay or Ean Jose, one of the finest
cornera on Eleventh et., Jn Oakland. 50x100
ft. lot; 12-room bouse; value $8000. Want a
cheaper property and cash balance. Box 4426.
Call.
'! AMBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1500— xew modern t-coom cottage with lot,
f $300 cash and $12 50 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
owner, 1243 Park gt
HOUSB of 5 large rooms, lot 60x150. for hJ«
<***». Address box 8993, ¦ Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; small payment down, balance
same as rent; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made; 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures; shades, mantels, bookcases and side-
board; 6, 7 and 8 rooms, from $2600 up; grand
marine view; cement walks, porcelain tubs; 2
closets and fences.
Boarding-house, 11 rooms; very small pay-
ment down.
Also gome houses to lease; call bet 9 and 11
a. xn.. or by appointment.
M.' Ij. WURTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
$1050— FINE business corner lot; Shattuck ave.
and Cedar st. ; 49x135; street work done both
fides; one block of depot. MAY & MORTI-
MER.
$3750— MODERN up-to-date borne; 7 rooms;
large lot; street work all done; near college.
MAY & MORTIMER.
$850— FOR 3 lots, each 40x135; eewered ; near
schools; a snap for the investor. MAY &
MORTIMER.
$SO0 FOR lotB on Grove St.; 60x135; opposite the
new High School. MAY & MORTIMER.
Berkeley, Cat. ! ¦
FOR sale— Beautifully situated 7-room house
fronting University; 2509 Hearst ave., near
president's . residence; wide south veranda;
large grounds, fruit, flowers. Address H. I.
COON, owner. 222 Sansome St., 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1600— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of 6
rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double oarlors, etc. (all In
good condition); street work all done; stone
¦walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
nandy to narrow-guage station; 6Unny front-
' age; now well rented: bargain for a Quick
cash sale, but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2800— AS elegant modern Eastlake cottage con-
taining 6 large rooms, porcelain bath, open
plumbing, high basement, cement laundry
tubs, brick foundation, etc.; lot 40x125 feet,
with nice open lawn; fruit trees and stone
walks in front and around the house; street
¦work complete; nice central location; near
cars and train; house alone cost $2400 to build;
insured for $1500; title perfect; no mortgage.
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW HOMES
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern.
S rooms, bath and laundry; front and back
stairs; nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, gas
fixtures, lawn, cement walKs, etc.; lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate, .
467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITUREJFC^K^ SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN~ ave., 10I, off Polk Et.— Three sunny
housekeeping rooms to let.
CEDAR ave., near Larkin, Post and Geary — 3
sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; bath; reasonable.
FIFTH. S53— 2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms from $10 to $20; also single, from $4 up.
FOLSOM, 7T6»4— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY. 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20. ¦ '•
GEART, 569 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor.
GLEN PARK ave., 6, off Twelfth, near Mis-
sion — 3 unfurnished sunny clean rooms; clos-
ets: bath. "*
fli; ALCOVE room and adjoining room; gas
stove: sink: bath; tel. 1911 Geary, opp. park.
HOWARD. 72S— Single room for $6 per month;
also housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD. 761',4— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
HYDE, 412— Sunny parlors & alcove suite, un-
furn. ; basement floor suitable for boarders.
LINDEN ave.. 324 — Nice large sunny furnished
room for man and wife; use of kitchen.
McALLISTER, 538—2 or 3 nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms; sink; range; bath; laundry.
McALLISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave. — 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink; $10.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $1 73 per week.
MISSION. 945 — Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1217— Sunny furnished suite; all con-
veniences.
SEW modern apartment house; suites 2. 3
and 5 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights;
gas ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, 531 Turk.
POLK. 10C2— 3 and 6 room 6ultes, completely
fjumished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL. 91H* — Unfurnished or partly: 1 to 4
rooms: also kitchen; range; modern improve-
ments; $5 to $12. '
SECOND, 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; other rooms; clean, respectable, reasnble.
SEVENTH, 304 — New frbnt housekeeping rms.
for couple; folding bed; gas stove; $10; also 1
unfurnished i room, $3.
TWELFTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
• keeping rooms; select locality; private family.
VALENCIA. 550 — Three furnished rooms; sun
all day; adults.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubferiptiens has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 60c up: meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ARLINGTON House. 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant.
Eunnr rooms.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Ma»?on— Elegantly
furnished aunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND, 40— One or two handsomely fur-
nished front rooms; suitable for ladies.
EDDY, 210— Changed hands; newly furnished
and renovated; elegant suite, suitable for
doctor or professional man; also single and
double rooms; running water; rent moderate.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkin — Bay-window, other
eunny rooms; day, week or month.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ; _
FOLSOM. 620— Furnished and unfurnished,
with large grounds, for families •with children.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
GROVE. 1424— S rooms and bath; near Golden
Gate Park.
HAWTHORNE. 172^ near Harrison— Pleasant
medium sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL Grayetone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the - most luxuriously furnished
in the city; eteam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 8331.
HOWARD, 845— Two eunny single rooms; gas
and bath: also double room.
HOWARD, 930 — Boston House; rooms 10c, 15c.
!5c per night; new management; transient
HYDE. 1517— A large eunny and one small un-
furnished rooms; closets; connecting with
bath; *8; references.
JESSIE, SC3. near Fifth and Market— J fur-
nished connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
KEARNY, 34. and 47 Post— 8unny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable..
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
niehed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. SI per week; transient.
MISSION. 825Vt>-Well-furnished sunny bay-
wlndow front and other rooms; lower flat
MISSION, 1061— Nicely furnished housekeeping;
also single rooms. . -
OCTAVIA, 1259, cor. O'Farrell— Furnished front
rooms, single or en suite; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
rooms and others; day. week or month."
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; dec, lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, • 271 ©"Fan-ell— Furnished front suite
and /single rooms, $3 week up; transient. *
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfarn.
P^R^i7l9lirTbiockT7rom MarketTnear Third
—Two nice roomg. furnished; private. -
POWELL. 15— Changed hands: rooms, $1 60 per
week and up.
POWELL, 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROSEDALE. 321 Ellis— Pleasant sunny room*
at very reasonable prices. ' " .•
R07AL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 227. nr. 17th— 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished. . '
SIENA House and saloon, 410-413 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo-
callty; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
SIXTH, 123%— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms with gas, quiet respectabla house;
cheap rent. ' . '..
1 OR 2 unfurnished rooms, $3 B0 (Tehama. St.).
Inquire 81 Fourth et.. epectacla stand.
VALENCIA, 1171— Furnished large front roonw.
suitable for doctor or dentist; references.
VAN NESS ave., 1612— Elegant sunny alcove;
also robm. newly furnished: private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recehed at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. " _
AN exceptional table; pleasant 'rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California St.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner In
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25o per
• meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland. .-
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; .unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
POWELL, 938— A suite or single sunny rooms
with or without board; three car lines.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite.slngle; excellent cuisine.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine— New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, Blngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AJiP BOARDJiVAyTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladles, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dis-
trlct. Box 4382, Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Two sunny unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms with bath; rent reasonable. Box
4470. Call office. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 31, 1900, to June 30. 1901:
Charles Dragler, 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry Drag-
ler, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino, 5 days;
Mary 7 yrs., Margaretta 7 yrs. and Joseph
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mog., Anna T yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Virginia Klrby,
5 yrs. 7 mos.; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis Passolot
3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Banodino Bartona, 3 yrs. 3
mos.; Louis Drexil, 5 yrs. 5 mos.; Martin
Samuels. 3 yrs.; Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Harry Russ, 5 yrs. ; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernice McClelland 6 yrs.
10 mos.; George McKann. 5 yrs. 7 mos.; Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs. ; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. . and
Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 rites. ; Lucy 5 yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Giovanlna 4 yrs. 6 mos.;
Edith Doland, 9 yrs. ; Magdalina S yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton Vannici 4 yrs.: John d'Arsy,
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Mira 10 yrs.. Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josle 9 yrs., Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherine
Gianetti 1 yr. 10 mos.; Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 2 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos.; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs. ; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
mos.; Katherine 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
3 yrs. ; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs.; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos.. Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh 5 yrs. 5 mos.;
Elenore Brady, 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Gladwln 3 yrs. 7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos.,
Frederick 3 yre. 3 mos. and Bertha Louis 4
yrs. 10 mos. ; Dante Tarrabori, 6 yrs. 3 mos.;
Katherine Kaihl, 3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Gertrude 5
jte. 10 mps. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
mos.; Mariana Purdee, 5 yrs. 10 mos.; John
6 yrs. 3 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos.; Margarite Kaisar. 8 yrs. 10 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight st. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1. 1901: Angelina Willet. 7 yrs.; Delia
¦Willet, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Emma L. Hennlger,
4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Annie Kenyon, 9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs.; Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
inos. ; James Farley. 7 yrs. 7 mos. ; Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Herbert E. Francis.
5 yrs. 9 mos. ; Martin Kvalvlg, 11 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Albert Lake. 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs.; Charles F. Henniger.
2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Thomas Semler. 12 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Henry Hanson, 5 yrs.; Arthur Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos.; George Kvalvlg, 9 yrs. 3 mos.; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, 620 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans — girls — from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp, 3 years 5 months: Pauline Ol-
sen, 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
months; Lora E. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavll-
lan. 10 years 5 months; Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria Voss, 7 years; Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta Fishburn, 8
years; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
MENTAL and nervoui dlssases will be ac-
cepted at hospital. 230 Douglass St., S. F.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot No.
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:80 o'clock
p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described and
Inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of th«
northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thenca
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.85 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the Intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
.of the northerly line of Broadway with tha
'westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the northerly
line of Broadway to the Intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities in connection with
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommlssloners,
Its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight, cars
thereover and thereon and the construction
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor— the hauling and switching of
such cars to, from and on said premises to be
done and performed only by the said board
its successor or successors, the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular-
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board its
successor or successors; such payment to be
in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state
among other things,- the purpose for which
said premises will be used. ¦ A statement of
the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for 6Uch purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
in the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the came. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN,
. . . RUDOLPH HEROLD JR..
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH, Secretary.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, j sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
slon at.; tel. Howard 941. F..W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS ¦ AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^SXrGAINS IN TVPE^VrTtERS— We
sell better machines for Ies3 money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
an<l have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust •
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome..
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DlvTOEl'fD^NoTic^DTvIdendr Na~B~(twenty^
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Monday, July 15, 190L Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, July 9, 1901, at
8 o'clock p.m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 ! Market street, on
and after Saturday, July 20, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, July 13, 1901, at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON, Sec. s
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the board of directors of this bank, . held July
2, 1901, a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901, at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th Inst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th Inst. both days in-
cluslve. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
BIRTHS — MABRI&BES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KELLEY— In Ocean View, July 7, 1901. to the
wife of Thomas J. Kelley, a daughter,
SCHAERER— In this city, July 14, 1901, to the
wife of Emll Schaerer, a daughter.
MABBIED. ~~~
KEESLING— KENT— In this city, July 14
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Frederick E. Keesling of San Jose" and Al-
berta H. L. Kent of San Francisco.
MURPHY— STUART— In this city, July 14,
. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. »John p A. B. Wilson,
Frank J. Murphy and Inez Stuart, both of
Stockton. • •
STOCKER— ELLIS— In this city, July 14. 1901,
by the Rev. Father Prendergast of St.
Mary's Cathedral, James T. Stocker of
Berkeley and Belle A. Ellis of San Fran-
Cisco. . . ¦ ¦ .
DIED. —
Ach, Henrlette McLeod, Angus J.
Brennan. John Mead, Henry H.
Bush, James A. Mulcahy, Matthew
Chadwick, Joey Murphy, Margaret
Doyle, William Nordhoff, Charles.
Glynn, Mary E. Pioda, Antonette
Holahan, Ellen Raymond, Florence
Loebenow, August Rollins, John O.
McCue, Patrick Saluaga, Elizabeth
Mclsaac, Angus Weltl, Edward
ACH— In this city, July 14, 1901, Henrlette,
beloved wife of the late Leon Ach, and
mother of Mrs. L. Baden and Henry and
Julius Ach, a native of France, aged 71
years. (Portland. Louisville and" New Or-
leans papers please copy.)
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2015 Bush street. Interment private,
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:45
o'clock.
BRENNAN— In this city. July 14, 1901, John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Bren-
nan, father of Mrs. J. F. Rupert and the late
Mary Brennan, brother of Mrs. Margaret
Carr, and brother-in-law of William J.
Healey, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 62 years 3 months and 11 days.
BUSH— In ADarri. Luzon, Philippine Islands,
September 25, 1900, James A. Bush, beloved
husband of Anna M. Bush, father of Marion
Georgia Bush, son of the late Andrew and
Annie Bush, and brother of William K.
Bush, Mrs. Marcia Wenk and Mrs. Lizzie
HaertE, a native of "Washington, D. C, aged
S6 years 2 months and 2 days.
Hj?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral services
at National Cemetery, Presidio, Wednesday,
July 17, at 2 o'clock.
CHADWICK— In this city, July 12, • 1901, Joey,
dearly beloved wife of the late Nathaniel
G. Chadwick, mother of Mrs. Edward F. Mc-
Chesney and James P. and Frederick Chad-
wick, and sister of P. H. and Edward Flem-
ing, a native of Melbourne, Australia, aged
55 years 1 month and 16 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. E. F. McChesney, 1841
Hyde street.
DOYLE— In this city, July 13, 1901, William,
beloved son of the late Thomas and Mary
Doyle, and brother of Thomas, John and
Josephine Doyle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years.
lT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
10:30 o'clock. . Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ••»
GLYNN— In this city, July 14, 1901, Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John and Kate
Glynn, and niece of Alice Mahar and Delia
Glynn, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years 6 months and 14 days.
C5*Notlce of funeral hereafter. . •
HOLAHAN— In this city, July 14. 1901, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Richard Holahan
late of Napa, Cal., a native of County Long-
* ford, Ireland, aged S2 years. (Napa, Cal.,
papers please copy.) .
(T~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandniece, Mrs. C. F. Buckley, 2760
Golden Gate avenue, thence to Star of the
Sea Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
LOEBENOW— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 14, 1901, August Loebner, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years.
McCUE — In Butte, Mont., July 14, 1901, Pat-
rick, beloved brother of Thomas, Timothy,
Stephen and James McCue and Mrs. Michael
Doran, a native of County Galway, 'Ireland,
agred 31 years.
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McISAAC— In Oakland, July 11, 1901, Angus,
beloved husband -of Mary E. Mclsaac, and
father of William A., John L., Mary E. and
Joseph A. Mclsaac, Mrs. James W. O'Kane
and Mrs. H. V. McFadden, a native of Cape
Breton Islands, Nova Scotia, aged 74 years
and 9 months.
(DTriends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in St. Mary's Cemetery, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pote of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.'
McLEOD— In this city, July 13, 1901, Angua J
McLeod, beloved brother. of Daniel and Wil-
liam S. McLeod, a native of Prince Edwards
Island.
¦ (nXNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains' at
the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue. . . -\ .
MEAD— In this city, July 14, 1901, Henry H.
Mead, beloved brother of Martin and James
Mead and Mrs. H. Dlttrich and Louisa Cooper,
a native of Michigan, aged 41 years and 3
months. . - »
MULCAHY— In this city, July 14, 1901, Mat-
thew Mulcahy, a native of Ireland, - aged 87
years.
MURPHY— In San Leandro, July 15, 1901, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John Murphy, and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKHS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. j j
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddyst. bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. /
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment- at_Mqderate Rates. -
I, mcAVOY «_ C_.. J
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.!
1239 Mai ket St., .between 8th and 9th. 1
. Telephone South 247. - ¦ |
SA±J FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
tliat CHARLES H. JACOB of the tirm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., 'funeral direc-
tors and embalmers,",318 Mason . street, has,
by order of court, had - his name chanetd to
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN, by reason of
which the name ¦ of . his , firm becomes-
CHARLES H. J. TRUMAN • & CO. Under
this name he continues to; do business at the
same place.- Telephone Main 5213. - •' .:
mother of James, John and Andrew Murphy
Mrs. Mary J. Gribben and the late Mrs. J.
3 Orr, a native of County Meath, Ireland.
ETTriends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, San Lorenzo avenue, ¦ thence to fat.
Leander's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be. celebrated -for \ibe repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NORDHOFF— On Sunday, July 14, 1901, at 2110
Central avenue, Charles Nordhoff, in the "1st
year of his age.
CFFuneral private. . •
PIODA— In this city, July 13, 1901, Antonette,
beloved daughter of Paul" A. and Maud E.
Pioda, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 1 month and 20 days.
E7"Funeral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, at the chapel of
the I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RAYMOND— In this city, July 13, 1901, Flor-
ence Raymond, , husband of Isabella Ray-
mond, and father of F. E. Raymond, a na-
tive of Barcelona, Spain, aged 60 years..
ROLLINS— In this city. July 14, 1901. John O.
RolJips. son of the late R. R. Rollins, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 52 years.
SALUAGA— In this city, July 13, 190L Eliza-
beth Saluaga, a native of Ireland, aged 85
years. . ... - _ "
tCTFriends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
I thence to St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
. College), where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rer>cse of her • soul, com-
mencing "at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WELTI— At Pacific Congress SDrlngs, Sara-
toga, Cal., July 13, 1901, Edward Weltl. a
native of Switzerland, aged 63 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at tha
parlors of Albert ..Brown, 468 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. , - .
• OCEAN TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
--: ' ., • ' I Local ILilm'd lOvrl'dl Local
I Dally I * I Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10 :1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
. "Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:85 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:<)6 a
"Vlsalla .. 3:40 p 4:4S a.
" Bakersf'ld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"' Kans.- Cy ........ 2:40a 7:30a ........
"Chicago .....:.... 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:0d a. ni.. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakerstleld | for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
v tickets honored on this train. ' Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
¦ Friday. :. -•- v '* ..
4:20 p. -—.is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. 1 '- ¦ t-'-:
8:00 p.m. Is the Overland Express, with-
: through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining : Chair Cars to Chicago:
• also Palace Sleeper, which : cuts out at .
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives • at
6:55 p. m.'- daily. ~ '¦ :»;
• i 7:20 a.m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in, San Joaquin -Valley. Cor-
} responding train arrives at 8:40 a. ni. daily.
, Offices— 641 Market • street - and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lani/ *- ¦ • . • • - -
BAILWAY TEAVEL. •
I jij^zines for Passengers 1
1 Iw&m&M Ir&XXi&S T^W 1 — :ines an d as many illus- I
l AW^™^\^^^^'-''"' eralfVatures O that O m S ak V e i
HI* J^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^ cleanliness; scenery, and |
K From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays; Sa?» Francisco, IPfffiJffi'irTiu ?
gj Tuesdays and Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis I lf*fe*iJ.lJt'i A
Q EVERYWHERE cast. Tickets and berths at Southern Pacific ticket JSj3'(lfl|(?ja5| H
3-2 W. D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agent, 631 Market St, San Francisco. * IPRESIDENT AND THE ORATOR OF
THE DAY AT THE FRENGH CEI>
EBRATION. •
R. G. Dunn, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s agent,
liberated thirty birds from four lofta at
5:30 a. m. and reported the -wind from tl»«
rorth and ¦weather clear. The result <oi
the race \ras &s foSo-srs:
A. l^rnhart's H.Hs IMS, arrived VL'.ViiK
n. m., 209 miles 40 jTtris At the epeed of XZ.92
yards per minute.
TT. TV. TVhit*** H.H. TISS, arrtnefl 11: IS a. m..
flriwr 191 miles 467 y*rCs at the speed or JS.T5
yards per mlaute.
G, Dl l«ibb«i'« H.H. 10SS, arrival 11:28:38
s. m., flylnr US miles 2S7 yards at th« speed
of S64.46 ymr<Ss per mlntite.
J. A. Rog-ert" HE Uli, «irlved Il:27:*> a. m^
fiylaG mi Edltt 850 nris at the speed of 9C6S
yards per ntteole.
TT. "W. White vtas the series irttli aa axer
are of 1C27.19 yards per xnkmtc
OAKLAND., July 14>— The last of the
series of four races for young birds held
by the Pacific Pixieon Club was flown to
day from Redding, the terrain! being In
Oakland and Alameda.
Pigeons Bace From Bedding.
After leaving th« saloon the fire fiend
went to the bam of the Signal Transfer
Company at 1114 Lsrkin street and applied
his torch for the fourth time within two
hours. Altogether eighteen horses were
burned to death and more than $3000 worth
cf property destroyed*
A short time afterward a blaze was dis
covered in a barn on Olive avenue^ be
tween Larkin and Polk, but was extin
guished before any serious damage was
done. A young man' answering the "de
scription of the one who met Mrs. Wilson
was eeen leaving the place immediately
after the fire broke out. An Investigation
showed that the fire was started at the
bottom of a chute around which a lot of
hay had been piled-. One of the hostlers
was sleeping upstairs in the loft, but he
managed to get out before the fire gained
any head was'-.
Soon afterward a j-oung man with
wild starin? eyes entered the saloon at
Gear?' and Jjarkin^ and after looking \n
qulsitlvely at the walls and ceiling, went
to the rear and remained there for about
five minutes. He had left the saloon only
a very short time when fire was discov*
*red in the rear of the saloon. An exami
nation showed that the blaze was started
under the stairways where a young man
named Adelstein had seen the stranger
standing a few minutes before* His de
scription fits that of the man who was
seen in the vicinity of the other two fires.
Mrs. Wilson's description of the mtn
tallies exactly with that of the alleged
firebug.
Rushing out into the street to sound an
alarm, she was mot by a dark young man,
who asked her to direct nlm to the near
est fire boxi She pointed toward it. when
the fellow ran in the opposite direction
and quickly disappeared.
A few minutes before the fire broke out
In the barn of the Can Mateo Dairy Com
pany on Elm avenue, between Van Ness
and Franklin, a young man named Tony
Siminhoff-, living at 220 Elm avenue, no
ticed the door of the barn partly open.
He called his sister's attention to it, but
she thought lightly of It and advised him
to go to bed-. A few minutes later Mrs.
Wilson, the sister, happened to look out
of the window and saw flames bursting
through the door of the team.
After a thorough investigation Fire
Marshal Towe and Detective Tom Gibson
are satisfied that the series of fires early
yesterday morning were the work of an
incendiary-. The firebug is said to be a
youns man, who Tras seen in the saloon
at Geary and Larkin streets, which was
among the places set on lire Saturday
night. He is descrfoed as being about 25
years of age-, medium height, clean shav
en and with dark hair and eyes. The
authorities are reasonably certain that
the fellow is insane.
Authorities Are Satisfied That
He Is Mentally
Deranged.
Seen in a Saloon Owned
by One of His "
Victims.
FIREBUG KNOWN
TO THE POLICE
FALL OF BASTILE CELEBRATED
WITH SPEECH, MUSIC AND SONG
Thousands of French Residents and Their Families at Chutes
Spend a Happy Day in Commemoration of;, the Patriots Who
Sounded Cry of Liberty, Equality aiWi^Rraternity f or^Alj
BIG LITIGATION
IN BODIE MINES
Mrs. Hearst and Haggin
Ask Judge Morrow
for Injunction.
Allege That { Kelly & Doyle
Have Jumped North
Noon Mine.
The first step in what promises to be a
hotly contested litigation was taken last
Saturday .forenoon In the United States
Circuit Court, when a pstition for a writ
of injunction was filed on behalf of Mrs.
Phebe Hearst and J. B. Haggin'to restrain
the firm of Kelly & Doyle from taking
ores out cf the Noonday and the North
Noon mines,' near Bodle;
Mrs. Hearst and Mr. Haggin are the
owners of the mines, and the assessment
work was done on the Noonday for the
benefit of that mine and the North Noon
as well; Kelly & Doyle, alleging that no
assessment work had been done on the
North Noon, entered upon that property
and proceeded to extract ore therif rom.
They also leased the Syndicate .mill, in
Bodie, of J. Parr, the owner, for the pur
pose of working up the ore taken from
the mine.
Hearst and Haggin, represented by
Deal, Tausky & Wells, asked the court in
their petition to restrain Kelly & Doyle
from proceeding further with the extrac
tion and working of the ores from the
North Noon mine. Judge Morrow issued
a citation commanding Kelly & Doyle to
appear before the court on August 5 and
show cause, if any they have, why they
should not be enjoined from further tres
passing upon the property mentioned.
Deputy United States Marshal Burnham
started for Bodie at 6 o'clock last Satur
day evening to serve the citations'. The
litigation arising out of this Issue will be
Important as well as interesting, and it is
expected that the legal phases of assess
ment work will be thoroughly reviewed.
The mines have already given promise of
great richness and are worthy of an ex
pensive legal battle, which will be fought
in the United States Circuit Court in the
near future*
Fly-Casting Contest
A remarkable distance cast was made
yesterday during the regular Sunday con
test by the San Francisco Fly-casting
Club, • Golchef dropped his fly 132 feet
from the casting" platform, accomplish
ing a feat seldom excelled. The attend
axice at the meeting was larger than on
Saturday and the averages of the mem
ber^ were In the main high. Messrs,
Mocker 1 and Mullet acted as judges, Mr.
Brotherton as referee and Mr. Young as
clerk; The complete scores follow;
Event No. 4, lure casting, per cent— Battn.
66 6-15; B. Kennlff, 85 8-15: K. C. -Kennlff, 97:
Brotherton, 94 5-15; I Mansfield, 89.6; Oolcher,
79 1-15. ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 15. 1901.
Dendag — I*. F*. Paachon, A. Coudeu, P.
Cotnbatalade, B. Olympic, J. Bauchou, P. Ar
ripe, J. Mialocq, I*. Flgeac, E. Clot, J. Savlg
nac, J. Bosoos, P. Jaymot, A. Bernasque, J.
'¦¦'»¦"" George Bllllou. J. Pelllson, Roux-
Paris, il. CEtusse, J. Escouteloup.
French Consul Received .
At coon the car lines leading to the
Chutes brought crowds of men, women
and children to the gaily-decorated
grounds. American and French flags were
In evidence everywhere and the children
of sunny France with their American-born
offspring entered thoroughly into a day
of complete merriment. The best of order
prevailed and the presence of a. force of
police officers was only necessary to watch
over the safety of the pleasure-seekers.
"The various committees were at the
grounds at an early hour and when the
visitors commenced to arrive everything
was In complete order. The arrival of the
French Consul General, accompanied by
the Consuls of Mexico and Guatemala,
was , the signal for a salvo of cheering.
The official representative of France was
In full uniform and as he was escorted
Into the pavilion of the Chutes the mili
tary band in attendance rendered the
"Marseillaise," the air being sung by the
happy visitors.
The large pavilion of the Chutes was not
sufficient to accommodate those who de
sired to listen to the literary and musical
exercises. The interior of the building was
tastefrully decorated with the colors of
the republics of France and America. At
2 p. m. the place was crowded and shortly
afterward the' general and sub-commit
tees escorted the French Consul General
to tho stage. :
The exercises opened with the overture
to "Fra IMavolo, played by Roncovieri's
military orchestra, and the president- of
the day, Jules S. Godeau, then delivered
the opening address.
Patriotic Speeches Made.
President Godean thanked all present
THE 112th anniversary of the fall of
the Bastlle was celebrated yester
day by the various French, soci
eties of this city and Oakland*
With an all day and night fete at
the Chutes*
Tne literary programme presented was
the best given in many years and the ex
tra, attractions provided for the visitors
were pleasing in every manner* It was es
timated that during the day 8000 people
took part in the celebration^ while at
night probably 4000 more men and women
joined the gay throng.
Every credit Is due the general and sub
committees having In charge the pnv
gramme of the celebration. The gentle
men •who devoted considerable tlms to ar
ranging the details of the event were the
following named:
President of honor, Consul General of
France, Henry Dallemange: president of
th« day> M. J. S. Godeau; vice president,
M» J. M. Dupas, president of the French
Benevolent Society; first vice president,
M. V. Gardet: treasurer, M. P. A. Ber
g«rot; secretary, M. A. B. Rlchet.
The following gentlemen served on the
several sub-committees:
- Finance commltfreeW. M. Dupas, V. Gardet,
C I* P. Marals, E. Glraud, O. Bozio.
Press— A. B. Richet, G. Mefret, P. Bergrs.
In\-ltatk>n»— C. L. P. Maraia, P. A. Bergerot.
I\ St. Julllen. R. M. Agulrre. J. Mesplou.
Uter&rx *nrelse»— A. Vorb«, O. Alefret, V.
Gardet, P. Bergr», R. Mlstron.
Decorations and illuminations— P. Bigue, E.
Glrand, O. LaJanae, P. Vergez, J. Duchene.
Music— (X Borlo, R. Eetarzlau. J. ilerienne.
Reception — P. Bergea. I. Cuenln, J. if. Dupas,
H. M. Agulrre, £3. I^acoste.
Arrangements— A. Bousquet, E. Glraud, J.
Jlerltiiine, P. A. Bergerot.
Grand ball— R. Estonian, G. Mefret, J.
ilerieune, C LeJacne, R. Mlstron, A. Salva,
Joseph Collins vs. Joseph Condon; A. Mo-
Vlcker vs. W. Staff; Ed Curley vs. T. Clem
ents. '. . ,.-.... .¦...'.-".,.•.
T. Leach 61, W/' Collins 28; M. Magulre-.Cl,
L. ¦ Kenny 89 ; . Al Collins ¦ 61, J. Mahoney 25.
George Cunningham forfeited to F. Mullnl.
The games to-night will be between the
following pairs: , ....
In the handball tournament for the Ken
neth ! Melrose Cup at the . Olympia Club
yesterday the following games were
played; • ¦ . ••
Olympic > Handball Games.'
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. EOc flask. Richard* * Co.. 40* Cl*y.«
It was quiet at the park and beach yes
terday. The crowds were not as large aa
usual. No accidents or incidents of im
portance were reported to the police. Fol
lowing are the. results of the contests at
Sutro Baths:
50-yard dash, Juvenile— C. Augustus first, J.
Ralston second 1 ; under-water swimming— C Mo-
Carty first; tub race— J. O'Brien first, C. Aug
ustus second ; 100-yard race, amateurs — C ' Aug
ustus first. C. Schultz second ; trick diving— C
Bchultz first, J. O'Brien second; high diving
for boys— H. Pfuhl first, R. Busk second.
Sunday at Park and Beach.
Southern Pacific Excursion Bates
From San Francisco All Over
the State.
On sale for Epworth Leaguers i and
friends, July 12 to August 15, fare and
third round trip. Stopovers everywhere.
Watch announcements special excursions
special days. Literature and rates. Infor
mation bureaus and ticket offices, 613 Mar
ket street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
CHICAGO, July 14.— The national holi
day . of France was celebrated by 20,000
French residents in Chicago with a picnic
during the day and a banquet to-night.
At the picnic over 300 automobiles par
ticipated. Professor Fortler of the Tu
lane University was an uonored guest
and responded to a toast.
Henri Merou, French Consul In Chicago,
delivered the principal address.
Grand Celebration at Chicago.
The Celebration in San Jose.
• SAN JOSH. July 14.— The Fall of th'e
Bastlle celebration In this city attracted
nearly all the Frenchmen. in Santa Clara
Coun,ty and two large gatherings were
held to-day. At Schuetzen Park there
wore dancing, and athletic sports In the
afternoon and this evening fireworks and
a tombola, closing with dancing. A
barbecue and balloon ascension was held
at Willow Park. The Jollity which began
la.:t evening continued to-day and to
night Schuetzen Park was crowded with
people. The celebration was the most
successful of the kind ever held here.
President Loubet left the tribune and
decorated six generals amid acclamations.
The company of military cyclists who had
rlddeh to Paris from Sedan received spe->
cial attention and applause. M. Loubet
was cheered heartily when returning to
the Elysee Palace. Early In the day he
had Bent congratulations to the army In
a letter to the Minister of Wai 1 , General
Andre. .
Free performances Were given In the
subsidised theaters. M. CoqUelin and Mrne.
Bernhardt ¦ came especially from London
to give a freo performance In the latter s
theater of Rostand's "L'Alglon." It was
the first time they had appeared In Paris
In this play or had been seen on the stage
here together since both left the Comedie
Francaise.
An enormous crowd gathered early in
the morning and many sold the places se
cured near the doors to the newcomers,
some getting as much as 40 francs. The
performance was a great success, M.
Coquelin and Mme. BernharGt being tu
multuously ¦ cheered. Before the doors
were opened a crowd of BOO forced an en
trance, but the police cleared the house.
As the evening 1 wore on the city, pre
sented an animated and brilliant specta
cle, open-air dancing, pyrotechnic displays
and a general illumination being the prin
cipal features. Long after midnight all
the squares and open spaces were.crowd
ed with waltzers and merrymakers. There
was a general suspension of vehicle traf
fic, and the fact that the weather was
agreeably cool promoted the success of
the celebration.
Count -de Lougevllle, formerly attached
to the diplomatic Bervice, died suddenly
of heart disease in the diplomatic stand
during the review. .
conspicuous figure among the many on the
standi •
Harry Williams, a carpenter employed
at tho Central Theater, and James Wil
son, a waiter at the Louvre, engaged in
a fight at 2 o'clock yesterday morning at
the corner of Market and Taylor streets
over an alleged Insult offered by Wilson
to a woman who was with Williams, The
waiter was being badly beaten when he
drew a knife and stabbed Williams twice
in the side and slashed his face. Officer
A. M. Smith arrested the men and sent
them to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where* their Injuries were attended ; to.
"Wilson was then locked up on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
Waiter Wields a Knife.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
Pnrses J20O each, five or more entries and
three starters required in each race, the purees
to be divided In the proportion of 60, 80 and 10
per cent. The classification of horses is to
be left to the Golden Gate Park Driving: Asso
ciation. Should there be more 'than five start
ers in each race, $20 additional will be added
to the amount of the purse for each starter
over five. Entries will close Tuesday evening
at the rooms of the club in the Palace Hotel.
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association has offered the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association an oppor
tunity to enter In two races to be held at
the Sacramento meeting of tho former as
sociation between July 30 and August 3,
under the following conditions;
Trotting-Hbrse Races.
Why experiment with other brands when you
can get Jesse Moore "Whiskey at all times and
places? • _
J. White and R. MurphyJ. 73 aces
J. Collins and E. Curley 58 aces
The feature of the game -was the all-around
play of Murphy, hitting, placing and service.
Moey Levy and G. Mitchell.. 21 19 21
J. McGlnty and J. Fairbanks 1» 21 17
W. Williams and J. Lawless ..21 21 16 21
M.. Joyce and D. Connelly 17 18 21 19
K. "White and A. "WTilteman 21 21 12 13 21
T. Berres and J. Broyer 17 15 21 21 20
J. Gullfoy and P. Meegan........21 14 21 18 21
J. Donahue and C. Geggus 12 21 16 21 17
"W. "Ward and E. J. Sweeney...... ..31 21 11 21
"W. H. Esan and J. Ward 13 17 21 19
T. Bweeney and T. Finn 21 21 21
J. Madden and P. Farrell 12 15 IS
M. Maher and Alec Tovmg 21 15 21.21
M. McNeil and L. Carraine ..17 21 12 18
The games at tho San Francisco Hand
ball. Court yesterday resulted aa follows:
J. Feeeney and G. Hutchlnson..21 12 21 18 21
M. Dillon and M. McDonald.... li 21 13 21 19
Handball Contests.
The police also dispersed a delegation
of the . league of Patriots who were
cheering for Paul Derouleda as they
placed wreaths on his name on the pedes
tal. A pro-Boer demonstration by stu
dents was stopped by the . police. Presi
dent Loubet . while driving to the Long
ohamps racecourse to witness the grand
annual review was cheered, In the Presi
dential tribune with him were the-mem
bers of the Cabinet and the Embassadors,'
General Horace Porter, the United States
Embassador, nut just behind M.-'Loubet,
and in his black frock coat was the most
The Parisian" participated with their
customary sent, Wreaths ,w«re placed on
the Strasburff monument, In the Place de
la Concorde, by various deputations, al
though the police removed those of the
Socialist!*, which were Inscribed "To tlie
fatherland's victims."
PARIS, July 14,— In all parts of Franc*
to-day the national -fete day, tho anniver
sary of the Fall of the Bastlle, was cele
brated with j much enthusiasm. There
were reviews at all military and naval
stations, followed by illuminations, fire
works and balls in the evening.
ously Celebrated.
Anniversary of Fall of Bastlle Joy-
Although many of the visitors left the
Chutes after the close of the literary ex
ercises the grounds were filled at all times
with a laughing crowd. At 6 p. ' m. hun
dreds flocked again to. the grounds to wit
ness, the fireworks display and either take
part In or watch the festivities of the ball.
About 12,000 gathered at the Chutea last
night to witness the display of fireworks
and until an early hour this • morning the
celebration was In full swing. The pavil
ion was crowded to the doors and dancing
was rendered uncomfortable for want of
Epaco. At one time it was estimated that
2000 people were waltzing to the music of
the military band. The water chutes, to
boggan slide, miniature railroad, merry
go-round and other attractions did a
thriving business until midnight. After
that hour the crowds surged Into the
dancing pavilion and as the hours passed
the fun was fast and furious. Good order
was maintained by the police and special
officers. Electric cars ran all night from
the Chutes and no difficulty was experi
enced In handling the large volume of
travel.
m
ITRA1TCB ENJOYS FETE DAY.
An informal collation was served to the
guests of honor and the committees of
the celebration. Toasts were given and
quaffed with a right good will. A. Gous
tiaux"delivered an earnest speech, lauding
the American republic, President McKln
ley and the officeholders throughout the
land. Franklin K. Lane delivered ' the
toast to "The Glories of the French Re
public," • and P. A. Bergerot aroused (en
thusiasm by. asking all present to drink
to the prosperity of "Our Beloved Cali
fornia." . • ¦ -
A selection of American national airs
by the orchestra brought the literary ex
ercises to an end.
Madame Lucle Fichter then sang "The
Marseillaise," and Miss Julie Cotte and A.
Carle gave a spirited selection from "The
Daughter of the Regiment."
Miss Maud Williams of the Tlvoli Op
era-house then sang "The Star Spangled
Banner," and was followed by an address
by J. M. Dupas, president of the French
Benevolent Society. Mr. Dupas spoke of
the cruelty and oppression of the despots
of the middle ages ajid compared the con
ditions of the people under the kings of
France with the happy existence of the
people under republican government. He
paid a tribute to the American republic
and prayed that the republics of France
anc 1 America might ever be friends and
carry forward the banners of freedom and
liberty.
Enthusiastic Toast to Liberty.
for the honor conferred on him by his ee
lection as president of the day aiid ex
tended a cordial welcome to those who
were present to celebrate the birth of lib
erty, rreedom and Justice. The speaker
paid a elowing tribute to the institutions
of America, founded on the principles that
caused the dread walls of the Bastlle to
fall to the ground. He closed with the fer
vent hope that the children of ail French
men born^ in this country would be loyal
to tne tricolor of France and the Stars
and Stripes of their adopted land.
'May they ever have," said President
Godeau, "affection for France and salute
with eaual respect and admiration the
two flags— emblems of liberty— and ac
claim on the 4th and 14th of July the pat
riots of the two revolutions and unite In
our hopes for the Btlll greater glory 'of
the two republics."
A duet from the "Muet of\Portlci" was
artistically sung by H. Carle and G. Gab
riel and was followed by a short address
by the French Consul General. The Con
sul referred In feellnj? terms to the noblo
principles that caused the downfall of des
potism in France and spread, the cry
of "Liberty, equality and fraternity*
throughout the world.
Musical Director Roncovierl then played
a trombone solo entitled "Alsace-X/or
raine," end the appearance of Hon. James
G. Magiiire was hailed with loud applause.
Mr. Maguire was In superb voice and
his discourse was frequently interrupted
by cheers. He spoke of the causes that
led to the French revolution and declared
that the fall of the Bastile was a warn
ing to monarchs and despots that they
must not trifle with the discontent of na
tions. The speaker lauded the history of
France and her great work in the world
of art and commerce and predicted a
glorious future for "France, the young
sister of the American republic." When
the speaker closed his address by saying,
"Long 1 live the republic of France," a
deafening shout shook: the rafters of the
pavilion.
12
si
Event No. 2.
Delicacy.
a.
I
NAME.
i T
1
1
|
«
Mocker ...........
Ffuyck U1I14IUII.
Fiaipht ...........
Battu .,
Brooks ........4..
Cour.gr ..............
3. Kpnlilff. .......
GverPt t ..........
Kennlff, R. C...
Daverkosen ......
Muller
Brotherton ......
¦enbruck ........
Mansfield ........
".rant
Gkilcher ..........
95
68
84
W
10S
99
! 110
116
101
115:6
98
121
7«
83.S
90.8
88.0
S0.4
83.8
90.4
; 85.4
93.4
89.4
85.8
09.8
92.0
88.8
81.8
78.8
84.0
88.8
80.8
81.0
89.0
87.0
88.0
86.4
86.4
77.6
77.6
73,4
73-4
i 72.8
74.2
74.2
76.8
72.6
80.0
75.10
7S.0
83.1
79.7
76.0
78.8
80.7
82.5
I 77.7
S2.10
79.9
84.0
80.1
80.8
ViiiX'
132
92.8
84.8
89.4
93.8
87.4
89.8
86.10
75.0
78.4
86.10
8L2
S4.0
si
Event No. 2.
Delicacy.
a.
I
NAME.
i T
1
1
|
«
Mocker ...........
Ffuyck U1I14IUII.
Fiaipht ...........
Battu .,
Brooks ........4..
Cour.gr ..............
3. Kpnlilff. .......
GverPt t ..........
Kennlff, R. C...
Daverkosen ......
Muller
Brotherton ......
¦enbruck ........
Mansfield ........
".rant
Gkilcher ..........
95
68
84
W
10S
99
! 110
116
101
115:6
98
121
7«
83.S
90.8
88.0
S0.4
83.8
90.4
; 85.4
93.4
89.4
85.8
09.8
92.0
88.8
81.8
78.8
84.0
88.8
80.8
81.0
89.0
87.0
88.0
86.4
86.4
77.6
77.6
73,4
73-4
i 72.8
74.2
74.2
76.8
72.6
80.0
75.10
7S.0
83.1
79.7
76.0
78.8
80.7
82.5
I 77.7
S2.10
79.9
84.0
80.1
80.8
ViiiX'
132
92.8
84.8
89.4
93.8
87.4
89.8
86.10
75.0
78.4
86.10
8L2
S4.0
Durlna this month our cus-
tomBPS will finfl ExtFaop-
flinaFU Values in all our
departments, |i|
SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK:
175 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES} 8 cLlf ferent colop-
- ingS/ willi lianlsoins Knotted Fringes top anl
iottom } are all Ml length and width,
Price $2.75 pair*
¦ • . % ~ \
5 cases WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS for full-size neds. Teen come In 8
different designs and are all hemmed.
Price S3. 50 each.
300 pairs LACE CURTAINS In Colonial Net, Fish Net
and Saxonn Net stnles, hoth white and ecru, wltn
1 rastiocKstitch edges. Price $3.00 pair*
EXTRA 5PECI AL.
We will haye on dlsplau all this week aHout 250
pairs EXTRA FINE GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE
BLANKETS* (Made expressly fop us hg the
Golden Gate Mills, this cltn.) These Blankets ars
for single, three-miartep and douhle heds anl
also some extra large sizes. The prices are from
S7.OO to $15. OO per pair and are tha
finest goods eyer shown hu us.
, UL 113, 115, 117/ 119. 121 POST STREET.
::^^^^^g Semi=Anoual ¦,'•¦.
Clearance Sale!
.wSffift,,^ (%lM?M$?%§& Special Bargains
In Every Department;
J^^aSwm^^^^^^k^^^^ Handsome Bedroom Suits — Brass
fiZ&gg!$e%g& Beds, Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers.
|^^^^-, W^^P^^^™ Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds ani
Hi ~~T5rir%/&~y3* a . u..^j___SS^^^^^ other household goods which you
fS^gfrZ- 1 Jf _^^^^^^^^"" ! $^ can secure at prices never before of-
• "• "^SE^y^r— *w. ¦ ' Don't Hiss This CTJDortunlfcw
Special' Discounts; from" to to 40 per cent for cash, .
THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE,
• .',-; Cash or Credit,
KRAGEN FURNITURE C0.,' <^S^
AD V ZJi,\Ll.iil£. jtENTS.
AN HONEST JOAN
WITH HONEST PRICES.
bdmr.
XE^sortad Vmirta sod Cbrrtot OoII
Shirt* Shat ersr rtore set 1» for tl M
and O xtk . . , etdi
XjBSjSf* 'Wool TTnOenrcar tiat should be
ft a salt are. $1.00 each
7^?* yCJtdioott v>^V!'» Trdjit XTwler-
m in thai al«ar> bas bees 15 a
tait «i«_— — ————.— --S1JSO eacb
L & E_ aiorler Black Idsle Half-Hose ¦
that mio vere aold less than Wo
a pair axe 25c a pair
JOHN TJ&IBSON
SHIRTS.
1204 Market St.,
: • ¦•• TXeax Golie^ Gats A-nrmn.
Jb» titan that Is open till S p. m.
Clerks eS at ( p. m.
. . \. :, Thane Folaera 43S. .» . I
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INViaOKA-
¦usr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys *>nd Bladder. Sells en Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS tc. BRUNE. AsenU,
S3 Market at. 8. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
%J$ FAVORITE
j ML FOR WEAK WOMEN.
\M. T. HESS,
K0TABY PUBLIC A1TO ATT0EKIT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claue Bpreckela Bldg.
Telephone Brown SJ1.
Beeldence, S3 California, et., betow Powell,
San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
3»1 per Year.
WfCMERA
fcJnK Th» bent and most perfect If
XT/ir^, pocket camera made; sells re>fu- I]
HI A » ar| y tor *5; reduced DURING I
<&\H THIS SALE ONLY to I
M $1.75.
T\l Extra plato holders, ' 2S« each, I
J tf / DURING THIS SAJLK ONLY, A I
I I largn lUt of odd lots of camera* II
// w111 b " eold " ut dur lnK this siila II
f./l regardless of cost In order to I
I ; make room for new stock. ThU j
Is Indeed a record-breaking sac- If
riflce eale. -w II
ORDERS FROM THE COUN-
TRY WILL RECEIVE
PROMPT ATTENTION*.,
gOKDBlgg. BOWIH * CO'B BraClAL SAYIB8 BALI
BQWEN
SCO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
H arn s
' Old Dominion— reg'ly 16c Ib— ., j jq
small oaes— 8 9 ana 10 lfr each »
B u t t e r
Fancy creamery Is higher—
but we are still selling at square3 5^
the old price
K o n a c o f f e e
Pure — afresh roieted — V 2OC
reg'ly 25c Ib— rich flavor
Sweet pickles
Pin Money — cucumbers and mixed 3 OC
pepper-melon and burr mango- nrQ
reg ly 40c pint bottle J
L e n t i Is
German-large and fresh t
serve with ham— 3 £ lbs 2CC
reg'ly ioc Ib
Asparagus
Our choice— 2 Ib can — 2OC
reg'ly 35c — fresh flavor ~"
Mackerel
White fat fish-tender like chicken- ooc
reg'ly Ji— 5 Ib pail y
Cocoa
Van Houten— Holland-reg'Iy 95c- 80c
X Ib— % Ib— 1 Ib cans
Washing powder
Kleeno-quick-not injurious . r__ n rn
Ilbpackage-reg'ly3for25c4 Ior 2 5 C
Toilet so a p
Melba— reg'ly 50c box of 40c
i dozen cakes . 1 boxes 75c
Co co a nut
Schepp's— Improved process arc
for pies— cookies-pudding- i» ~
macaroons-reg'ly 30c Ib 2 Ib3 45c
Pimientos
Spanish peppers— 2 cans for 25c
reg'ly 15c and 25c can- large can 20c
be sure and get Ust of redpes
M u s t a r d
D& G— French— prepared for 1 cq
use^ — reg'ly hoc bottle
G ho cola t e
Kraft— vigor— reg'ly 65c lb— r r C
substitute for cod-liyer oil . %f_J
W h is k y
GB&CoOK bourbon— 3 \ bots $2
reg'ly 1 bottle— $4 .gallon gallon - 3
C 1 a re t a
V Zinfandel— pure table wine— aqq
• rez'Jy 50c zallon, v — T
80LJBSB8. BOWKf * CCTg SPECIAL ¦AVPW BAIJ
Tokay wine
Cal i f ornia sweet wine — a re
exceptionally rich an-d fruity— *rj *•
serve to lady callers —
sample it at any of our stores- #_ -^
reg'ly 65c bottle — $2 gallon * x J r J
Cologne
Jbharm Maria Farina— £ OC ,
reg'ly 55c bottle . O^^
Catalogue free for a postal
4 J2 Pine 342 Setter 2800 California San rv«m*«i;^
Ti. ir-oT' 1 ! »nd Clay streets Oakland
fiOW
S * Aun . tfch 6m! Tra!»
I A "° runs but hrict
H p«r week during
If tup Leaving at 9 am»
y 1 tic „ , .
H it arrives in
I omrnnuii ChIca s° at 2 * IS
I gH " lwuini u4 Sundays,
I LI nil I tU it, blflU standard -
n of service Is
' ON fully maintain*.
h piuti rp
I oflnlfl it
Golf-Grip
Eye-Glasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVERTILTORSLIP
Only to be had of
MMiMffijMQ
• 64Z Market 5t. instruments
«mdc» cMBOMicii building. CATALOGUE FrIC.
MflrKinju k n J^Bfl BS BB^^BK?
Eft. K^fl •* qPrm Bi SM e^^^B
Fa 9 9 ejB Kj K3 B B ffi»H
DR, GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
I°*2i*-£2!? °i GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tiM
Organs of Generation.