Continued on Page Three.
DISCOVERY OP A HLOT
AGAUJST SHAH'S LIFE
Two of Hia Brothers and His Son-in-
Law I/ead the Conspir
acy.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— "News has been re
ceived here from Teheran," says a dis
patch from St. Petersburg to the Daily
Mail, "of the discovery of a serious plot
agztinst the life of the Shah. The leaders
of the conspiracy were . the Shah's two
brothers, the Grand Vizier, Sadr Aasam,
and the Shah's son-in-law. The two
brothers have been banished for life to
Ardebil. The son-in-law was sentenced
to death, but on the scaffold his sentence
tra:! mitigated by the Shah's firman to
flofging until he had revealed all the
rtaraes of the conspirators.
"The Shah's favorite, Gavame, who
was also concerned, was pardoned on the
scaffold, but died subsequently in prison.
The whole revolutionary ' party, together
with the higher priests, were in the plot
and all will be beheaded or imprisoned for
life. There is a ' veritable panic among
the people of Teheran."
Harriman and Tweed Elected.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 24.— At the ad
journed stockholders' meeting of the Ore
gon and California Railroad Company
held here to-day E. H. Harriman and
Charles H. Tweed were elected directors
In place of C. P. Huntington, deceased,
and T. H. Hubbard. The other nine direc
tors were re-elected.
commander in chief of the fly
ing squadron during • the Santiago cam
paign. He was summoned a few minutes
after the court convened at 2 o'clock for
the afternoon session, and when the courc i
adjourned at 4 o'clock he apparently haii;
only got well under way In his testimony.:
Captain Charles E. Clark of the Oregon^
had just concluded his statement when
Raynor, rising from his seat, said:
"I should like to. have Rear Admiral;
Schley called."
The admiral accordingly • was asked to
take the stand. It "was a turn in the
proceedings, for which apparently neither
the members of the court, its officers nor
the spectators were prepared, and a mur
mur of surprise was heard on all sides.
It had been expected. that the witness'
name would be reached toward the close
of the afternoon session. There were still
two witnesses , on his list who had not
been heard, and it was understood to bo
his purpose not , to take the stand until
the entire list ! had been exhausted. He,'
however, responded immediately to ; the
call, and before the audience was well
aware of the fact he had begun his. na>
rative of the campaign which terminated
In the destruction of Cervera's fleet. Ray
nor introduced the testimony :bf- his dis
tinguished witness by 1 "saying:
"Will you give the court your name and
rank?" \u25a0• 1
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.—Ad
miral Schley took the stan-1
to-day in his own behalf in
the court of inquiry which _ is
investigating his conduct as
; " On May , 12 or. 13 he : received orders from
the <: Secretary 'of; the ' Navy to proceed ; to
The admiral then \u25a0 detailed the! target
practice . the ; squadron ; indulged ;in daily,'
saying that no day /was .bad enough to
prevent It.'. .Sub-caliber was, used. entirely.'
This'* practiced said -the admiral/ resulted
in accuracy of- fire: which was fully dem
onstrated in the action six weeks or two
monthsV" later. ; . -' He also ' said ;that ; the
squadron;: was kept in readiness, 'so far as"
coal,, water, and supplies were concerned.: \u25a0
Result of ; Target Practice.
"During this -time I explained to all the
commanding. officers that, as. it .would v be
impossible . to contrive a plan of battle
that would meet unforeseen contingencies,
the: general plan of the -squadron \u25a0 -would
be to cruise in line of battle and its gen
eral principle would-be to attack the heail
and leading. .vessels; concentrating upon
them the flre," in order, first, to obtain the
moral-. effect, ..and .'.second,-. to throw < them
into confusion, making- 1 a \u25a0• victory over
them probably much more successful and
complete. Fdid that • for the reasoh'that
the older plans of battle had all j been"; to
attack center . and rear, j resulting, in ', the
escape usually of- a part of each squad
ron. I felt : that, the attack of : the head
of the. sauadron, which was to : some ex
tent new, 'would involve the destruction
of the* whole,- and v that was the .-genera!
plan of action: as. explained to \u25a0 them en
that 1 occasion." ' • ' V^.- \u25a0 (
Admiral > Schley ; plunged '.immediately
into the campaign j by, outlining the ,plan
which, he. had indicated to his command
ing . officers before leaving Hampton
Roads, saying:; .. , ' -\ ». ',• '»
!'The ' plan of campaign -was .threshed
over. * The disposition to be made of the
He.had.taken command of the squadron
at Hampton Roads,'. Val, hoisting his flag
on the cruiser 'Brooklynl After relating
the origin of the squadron at the Virginia
port he said that he had called the com
manding officers of the vessels constitut-'
ing- that squadron together, and then- he
added: ; - .-•'.\u25a0 : : ?V.->.;' . \ - .: :,. .•\u25a0\u25a0! '
Schley Takes Command.
' " Iwas : a commodore," the witness be
gan, in response to Raynor's request for
a connected- narrative of the campaign.
"under j orders - to ) command the • flying
squadron on the 28th of March, 1898, ami
served .until: the 20th. day, of June of th»
same year. In that, capacity." • \u25a0
There was no appearance of demohstra
tion'of any kind during the admiral's.re
cital. ! On, the contrary, the silence .was
almost unbroken except for the sound oi
the witness' own voice.' Only once was
there, a stir in the room which indicated
any feeling on the part of the listeners.
That was^when the admiral, detailing his
conversation with Admiral Sampson u\
the cabin of the New York at Key West,
told how he/had assured the commander
in chief of fealty to him. When the court
adjourned for the day many of the spec
tators pressed forward and shook the ad
miral's hand.
where the court sits. • All the reserved
seats , were occupied, as were the seata
set apart for the public at large. :In the
rear of the room stood probably as many
more, people as found seats, scores .of men
and women standing upon tables, chairs
and In the windows; in fact, everywhere
from which they could see the court.
over-water torpedoes was thoroughly dis
cussed, and I am frank to say I found no
one of the commanding officers who seem
ed to agree with.the others as to. what
use should be made of them.'. I; therefore,
determined, as happens upon all such oc-;
casions, to : take the helm myself ,' and de-|
cided that, as they. were menaces' to the
squadron, vwe .should ;simply. keep_."thetn
charged, with. their warheads below the
protected decks.' I put the squadron'im
mediately .on, a war footing, . established
pickets and patrols and also the." masking
of lights.";- . : ( :\u25a0. \u25a0•; -
The admiral then, in answer to a ques
tion from his counsel, proceeded give
a careful and detailed narrative of all the
events of the campaign up to the batt'e
of Santiago. He had not reached the
stage of his- testimony where he will tell
of ' the battle when the court adjourned
for the day.- The audience which listened
to his recital was by far the largest which
has gathered' in the gunners' workshop,
"Winfleld Scott Schley. rear' admiral.
United States navy, retired, at present or.
service in this court of inquiry."
Events of the Campaign.
REAR AjDMi^
"While the negro was burning the men
•who were present stood speechless, with
th.iir eyes averted from the scene. When
th» flames had died down the crowd
quietly dispersed.
Before the torch was applied to the pile
•"Morris wa« asked if he desired to make
I a statement. He replied in the negative,
j K.ying that he had already confessed his
j cuilt and it was unnecessary to talk.
"While lying bound to the stake he was
'CtoliCly indifferent, and even when the
flames licked his body he refrained from
uttering a word. The men who were
' present at the burning scarcely spoke to
-one another while the preparations for
: the burning were being made. The silence
;everywher» was oppressive and impres
, el^e.
Silent in His Agony.
"While rifling in a vragon from his home
to Ball Town, accompanied by his captors,
iilorris confessed the details of his act.
JArrf-ring in Ball Town, the captors took
\treir prisoner to the scene of the crime
\u2666and made ready to burn him at the stake,
\u25a0Morris was bound to a sapling near the
'rcadslde and his body was plastered with
.tar and pitch. Pine knots and pine straw
;Were piled about his feet and around his
fbody. His frame from head to heels was
?then aararated with coal oIL
When this was proven Morris confessed
that he, and he alone, had done the deed.
He pleaded In defense that he needed the
money, and that, knowing Ball was ab
- eent -In Columbia, he had entered the
i*tM-e and attacked his victim.
The investigation made this morning
proved conclusively that the two negroes
mentioned by Morris were absent from
the scene when the assault was com
mitted. An alibi in each case was estab
lished.
".Then captured Morris implicated two
ottjer negroes, neighbors of his',' ' in the
crime. In order to learn the whole truth,
the captors decided to hold Morris until
to -day .and to examine the negroes who
\u25a0w-<»re thought to be partners of Morris.
Accuses Innocent Persons.
The negro's victim, whom he had sup
posed was dead, recovered consciousness
and succeeded in reaching her father-in
law's home. The alarm was promptly
given and the neighbors gathered and
began to search for the negro. He was
traced to his home and while attempting
to escape was wounded in the hip by a
member of the posse.
COLUMBIA, Miss., Oct. 24.— "Bill" Mor-
Tlii, the negro who, -while her back was
turned, clutched by the throat Mrs. John
BaU of Ball Town, La., dragged her from
her home, criminally assaulted her,
knocked her on the head with a bludgeon
fced left her for dead by the roadside last
nlfht at S o'clock, was overtaken by a
pesse at his home, four miles from Ball
Town, later In the night, kept under
£ruard until this morning, brought back
to Ball Town to-day and, after freely and
fully confessing that he committed the
crime with which he had been charged,
was taken to the scene of the assault,
bound with chains to a sapling and burn
ed at the stake. . '\u25a0-: '"• 7
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JEilent Men Apply the Torch and Then
Have to Turn Their Faces
; Prom the Frightful
Spectacle.
Body Is Plastered With Pitch
to Make the Human
Fuel.
Assailant of a Woman
Dies in Agony in
Louisiana.
MOB BURNS
NEGRO BRUTE
AT A STAKE
Hero of the Battle Off San iago Also Relates the Incidents of the
Blockade of Oenfuegos and Tells Why It Appeared Gertairi
to Him That Cervera's. Fleet Was in the Harbor There
Ships Under the Commodore Engage in Effective Target Practice
While on the Way to Key West, Where S) mpson; • Was Met
and Loyal, Unreserved F^1^5^Rromised N ; to Him and the Cause:
PRELIMINARY WORK IS DONE
IN PLACING FLYING SQUADRON
READY TO FIGHT THE ENEMY
ADMIRAL SCHLEY BEGINS THE THRILLING STORY
OF HIS SUCCESSFUL CAMPAIGN IN CUBAN WATERS
COIN FAILS
T0 INVEIGLE
THE BANDITS
Miss Stone's Captors
Suspected of Politi
cal Scheme.
Evidences of a Purpose to
Provoke a War With
Turkey.
Missionaries in Bulgaria Are Beport
ed to Have Come in Touch With
the Brigand Party in the
Hills.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.U.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.W..
WASHINGTON, Oct.. 24.— If political mo
tives were behind the abduction of Miss
Stone, the American missionary held pris
oner by Bulgarian brigands, her liberation
may be effected without the payment of
the ransom originally demanded by her
captors.
Beyond the brief dispatch received by
the State - Department yesterday from
Consul General Dickinson at Sofia, an
nouncing that the party holding Miss
Stone . Is reported to be still In Turkish
territory, the administration has no news
concerning the woman or Mrs. Tsilka, her
companion. " Apparently neither Dickinson
nor Eddy, Secretary of the American Le
gation in Constantinople, Is In communi
cation with the brigands and the lack of
Interest taken by the latter in the ransom
which Eddy is prepared to pay tends to
confirm the suspicion which has been en
tertained for some weeks that political
and not mercenary motives^are responsi
ble for the abduction.
Will' Deal With Brigands.
Uncle Sam Is Determined.
The authorities still believe it desirable,
however,. to appeal to the cupidity of the
\u25a0*rigkB$»,*rai»«l-iEddy .-wilt use^ a favorable
opportunity to' acquaint them with the
amount of money which Miss Stone's
friends have raised and which he will be
willing to hand over to them upon tho
safe production of the captive.
The authorities have satisfied them
selves that Turkey is in no wise Involved
in the seizure of the American woman
and. all of the reports received by tho
State Department have accentuated the
original suspicion that Bulgaria, as -well
as the Macedonian Committee, notwith
standing explicit denials from the reign
ing prince, was' in sympathy with tlte ac
tion ' of the brigands and hoped that as &
consequence of the crime Turkey would
become involved in trouble with this coun
try. Until Miss Stone has been liberated
the United States will devote Its efforts
to effecting her rescue. In the meantime
it is getting all the information available
establishing Bulgarian complicity and re
sponsibility in connection with her abduc
tion.
At the proper time the United States will
make vigorous representations for tho
purpose of securing adequate reparation,
which will Include an indemnity for Miss
Stone or. in case of her death, for her
heirs. As Bulgaria is situated in the In
terior of Europe it will be Impossible for
the United States to enforce its demands
by a naval or military demonstration.
Russia has been so courteous In endeav
oring to secure the liberation of MI33
Stone that the authorities feel that they
can rely upon her to support her. claim
that Bulgaria shall repair the wrong her
subjects have done an American citizen.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 24.-The mis
sionaries who are operating from Sama
kov. Bulgaria, _ are at last In touch with,
the brigands who abducted Miss Ellen M.
Stone and her companion, Madame Tsilka,
according to dispatches received here to
day, though whether negotiations for the
ransom have actually been opened is not
disclosed. The missionaries on the spot
are expected to conclude the business with
the utmost dispatch.
COLOMBIAN INSUEGENTS
TAKE TOWN OF TXTMACO
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N
W., _ WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.-Advice3
were received to-day from Colombia to
the effect that the revolutionists have ta
ken thetown of. Tumaco, on the Pacific
coast, near the Ecuadorian frontier, and
are now marching toward Guapi. which
is -near Buena Ventura. The cablegram
also says that yellow fever 13 epidemic In
Buena Ventura.
. An island has been used by the Colom
bian insurgents to blockade the Colom
bian pert "of Tumaco. This novel method
of enforcing the blockade wa3 officially
brought to the notice of the Navy De
partment to-day In a report dated Octo
ber 14 from Captain Thomas Perry, com
manding the battleship Iowa, which is at
Panama. \u25a0
Captain Perry In^hls report tells of the
firing upon the British steamship Quito by
an insurgent battery and the subsequent
apology by the revolutionary leader to
the commander of the British warship
Icarus.
- If the blockade of Tumaco Is not raised
by the time 'the battleship Iowa is re
lieved at Panama she will probably be
sent to Tumaco to show, that the block
ade is not effective for several reasons,
one is that .the belligerency of the insur
gents has not been recognized and an
other is that there has been given no pub
lic notification of the blockade.
Continuing his narrative, the admiral
said:'- •' '\u25a0'•' \u25a0•-.'\u25a0. I .; i- --'•". , : ' * \u25a0'-.' '\u25a0
\u25a0 "While" there the commodore showed me
a telegraphic order from the Honorable
Secretary.', of the. Navy, directing me to
proceed .with ',' all dispatch 'to '.the .blockade
off Havana.*:; He .also 'showed me a. num
ber >of other dispatches; the pur»ort of
which I remember; but the contents I do
not."' During " the time : I • was \u25a0 on shore,
after 'having , : had ; niy conference with
him, there "were several of the. Cuban peo
ple resident -there who " informed -me - that'
the province in, which Cienfuegos, was sit
uated arid from that to the' westward was
all /most thoroughly occupied ; by/ Spanish
troops 'and we » had 'better 'be' careful, in
any " attempt '; at intercours.el- : Ij hastened
off, and on my;way to the.shlp in the aft
ernoon I thought I saw the New ap
proaching. ' -' \u25a0; .. '.
"At all 'events*,^ when I' got- on' board, de
termining to; go at once off Santiago,- the flag-:
'ship had "arrived 'and J salutes : were exchanged.
I went , on board to ( pay, my" respects ' and ' also
to talk over the situation wlth'.Adnilral Samp
son/ I found that 'the admiral. was- very- much
" worn and , necessarily so,'- because j his " respon-'
slbility had .been' very great. :."He had had great
trouble in, keeping, his squadron together and
\u25a0 he ' appeared "toT me'.' as if he^wais' in a Kood
deal .of anxiety/ : which \u25a0' I could '• readily app're
' elate." . He"' showed ' me ; a ." number V of ' ; orders. '
Swarming With Spanish Troops!
and he .r. ever saw her again until,. helmet
her.off the / south side of Cuba. The fly
ing 1 squadron arrived at Key West on the
17th, j the , admiral : thought, and on the
next dayj he went ashore pay,' his re
spects to Commodore Remey, after hav
ing saluted his flag. *
Amons them., was one which' stated that . a
division i ol .. th-j j two ; squadrons ; had 6ecn . de
cided' upon, -'one: for the north and the other
for the 'south coast' of Cuba," In which he was
given' the' preference" of- command. The order,
if I 1 , remember correctly, stated • that under
any ' circumstances I was to remain with' my
command, and I asked him which of the two
stations he would take 'and he said he pur
posed to hold .the Havana, or north one. He
also told me. which ever side I went on. to
remember that- they' were very heavily forti
fied and his confidential instructions, which he
delivered : to me verbally,' were that we were
not to risk our battleships against the forti
fied places, of the coast until after the Span
ish squadron had been disposed of. My recol
\u25a0lectiqn- now 'is -that he told me it was at Cura
cao. • The \u25a0 impression left upon me was that
It was somewhere in the Venezuelan suit and
that> it • was^ supplied with 'ammunition and
stores destined for Havana and that that was
undoubtedly the^ point it was. to. reach. He
"said his ' information was that the orders of
the ' Spanish fleet' to reach , Havana " or some
point' in railroad communication with It were
imperative - and \u25a0 that he believed . and thought
, that Cienfuegos would- be the point, as that
came under the acceptation of the order more
directly.- -We looked over maps and I must
say I -agreed^ with him.' I could not imagine
that any' one who had studied the military
situation of the island at all could have sup
posed j that Santiago would have fulfilled any
[of. the conditions of this Instruction. We had
a talk together. I said that I had been ordered
to : report for duty to . Admiral Remey and
that -1^. imagined it necessarily meant himself,
and that I- wanted to assure him at the outset
that 1 1 ' should j be loyal, absolutely and unre
servedly.:' to the 'cause we were both repre
senting. . Captain Chadwick. who was present
I- don't remember whether all the time or not
said: , .'Or course, commodore, any one' who
has .known your ( character would know that It
would be I impossible for , you . to otherwise
than loyal.', <j| I asked the admiral if there .had
: been, established any means of communicating
with the whether there were any
pilots i or .' whether any ; locality was known
.where .they., were _ to be found. ".,- He told me
that he did not know,' that when be *ot the
; situation v better^ln' hand he* would communicate
with me, bu<that he thought it. would be bet-
Iter^for .me to" start- as early.' as* we could 'get
away; and' blockade 'Cienfuegos. . I said very
well. •'\u25a0'; that.: I \ was , prepared, of : course, to go
Charleston.- The' squadron arrived on the
15th: and the commodore found * orders
from the Secretary directing him to pro
ceed to "Key West and report ' to' Commo
dore Remey- for further instructions. .He
went to the Florida port at a twelve-knot
Speed, '.that being the highest all the ves
sels of the squadron- could, make." Th-2
spuadron^ at the * time ' consisted . of the
Brooklyn* Massachusetts, 'Texas, " Scor
pion and Sterling, the v latter being a col
lier. " ... .. : . . \u25a0,
The admiral said the Sterling was. lost
sight of the first night; out in a dense fog
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XC— NO. 147.
PRICE FIVE CENTa
SAN vF,RANOISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER [r.25J 1901.Congress Will Be Asked to Authorize
, the New Census Depart
ment.
PBOPOSE TO ESTABLISH
PERMANENT BTJBEATT
The reforms that have been Indicated mark
an important era in the history of discipline
and military Instruction at the academy. Dili
gence and discretion on the part of the re
sponsible officers will make these reforms per
manent without in the slightest degree mar
ring the perfection of drill, appearance and
discipline. The custom among cadets of set
tling' disputes or difficulties among themselves
by prearranged and often brutal fist fights is
over and there need be no apprehension that
the stoppage of such affairs will in any way
Impair a proper habit of manly self-defense
against personal assaults or insult.
Throughout the past summer's encampment,
which is the time when new cadets are being
initiated Into their new life and when hazing
is ordinarily practiced, it is a fact that the
great majority 7 of cadets have obeyed the new
order ot affairs and the regulations loyally and
\u25a0willingly. There has been no prearranged
fighting and new cadet training has made ex
ceptional progress. One cadet was severely
punished for giving an unauthorized and ab
surd^ order to a new cadet and another for
exceeding his authority as a drlllmaster over
them. The action of the latter was. it Is be
lieved, through excessive zeal rather than a
hazing spirit. Another reform has also been
accomplished — the abolition of what is known
as official hazing, or harsh or nagging tones of
the cadet instructors over new cadet3 and cadet
officers exercising authority, and the- substitu
tion therefor, of methods appropriate for the
training and education of young men to com
mand in an American army.
1 The discipline of the. corps of cadets has
greatly Improved durlnr the year and Is now
In an excellent state. It Is believed no mili
tary body of Its size exists which excels it in
soldierly appearance and in the perfection of
drill and military exercises, as well as in the
higher requirements of -devotion to duty. This
satisfactory condition has been attained by
firm adherence to the measures adopted during
the past three years to create among the cadets
a higher soldierly regard for their obligations;
in particular those \u25a0 pertaining to hazing.
He then reviews what has been done,
mentions the criticisms passed upon the
academy and the measures taken to stop
hazing, and adds:
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— The most Im
portant feature of the annual report of
Colonel A. L. Mills, superintendent of the
Military Academy, relates to the measures
taken for the suppression of hazing.
Treating of discipline, he says:
"What was considered the weak point in
the teachers' case was that the manda
mus was asked while the board was still
in session and while it was protesting that
it meant to do the very thing which the
mandamus required. The teachers' conten
tion was that the board was a continuing
board and that it had refused for years to
make these assessments and that If a
mandamus could not issue until after the
board had adjourned it might a.9 we't
never be Issued at all, and there was ab
solutely no way to compel the board to
perform Its manifest duty. The teachers'
view of the case seems to have been sus
tained by the Supreme Court.
Broad as Is the sweep of this decision
in its effect, its logical results are much
greater, as the decision, it is said, really
applies just as well to railroad corpora
tions and every other corporation in the
State and may lead to the collection of
back taxes.
The trial of the case was begun befora
Judge Thompson In Springfield, "March 23,
and the decision was handed down May 2.
commanding the board to reassemble June
13 and assess these corporations in accord
ance with the rules of the board In regard
to the assessment of capital stock. But
the 'board not only neglected to make the
assessment, but repealed the rules of the
board on the subject, 'which had been in
force for thirty years and had been sus
tained by the United States Supreme
Court as the only fair and . legal plan of
assessment.
The opinion quotes the order of tha
lower court, commanding the members cf
the board to convene forthwith at tha
Capitol building in the County of Sanga
mon and value and the capital
stock, including the franchises of tha
companies named in the manner provided
by law.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— The tax decision
given to-day by the Illinois Supreme Court
relates to twenty-three local corporations
enjoying municipal franchises, including
traction companies, gas companies and
electric companies, whose total capital
stock was estimated to be $368,000,000, all
of which had escaped taxation previously,
and was likely to be omitted again by tha
State board, which adjourned last Decem
ber without assessing this vast amount of
property. '
The court holds that the board In assess
ing corporations does not act as a board
of review, but as an original assessor. In
stead of making a proper assessment, the
court says that the board arbitrarily and
willfully failed to follow a proper and
long-established rule In force in this
State for making such assessments, by re
fusing to take into consideration the bond
ed indebtedness of said corporations. They
also disregarded all other rules in fores
for the making of such assessments,
sought to pass new rules for their govern
ment, refused to consider the information
furnished them by the assessors, as pro
vided by statute and assessed the company
stock and franchises of said corporations at
a nominal sum instead of at the fair cash
value hereof. For these reasons, the de
cision says, "the court is justified In hold
ing that fraud in making of such assess
ments has been established and such pre
tended assessments may be properly dis
regarded and treated as no assessment and
such board be coerced by the writ of man
damus to assess such property."
SPRINGFIELD, HI., Oct. 24.— The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the judg
ment of the Circuit Court of Sangamon
«_ounty In what is . known a3 the Chicago
Teachers' Tax case. This, In effect,
awards a writ of mandamus against the
State Board of Equalization to compel it
to assess the capital stock, including fran
chises, of twenty Chicago corporations,
the fair cash value of whose capital stock,
including franchises, over and above tha
value of their tangible property is alleged
to aggregate $235,0u0,0UO.
The suit was instituted by the State's
Attorney of Sangamon County at the in
stance of the Chicago Teachers' Federa
tion.
Superintendent Mills Reports
the . Inauguration of
Many Reforms.
Gas, Electric 'and Traction
Companies Are Dealt a
Severe Blow.
Discipline of the Corps
of Cadets Is Greatly
: - Improved.
Illinois Supreme Court
Renders a Sweeping
Decision.
LITTLE HAZING
AT WEST POINT
M UST PAY TAXES
ON FRANCHISES
DISTINGUISHED BRITISH ARMY OFFICER, PLACED ON THE RETIRED LIST.
Kitchener wires as follows: "Colonel
Campbell's column, operating near Slang
aples, has recovered two guns which the
Boers had captured at Scheepers Nek."
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— A dispatch from
Montreal to the Evening Post says: Ship
ments of produce for the imperial army In
South Africa are still increasing from
Canada. Through Lord Strathcona's of
fice ln-London the Minister of Agriculture
has made arrangements whereby practi
cally the whole of the oat crop available
for export from Alberta can be delivered
In South Africa on ! account of the War
Office.
The United . States Government carries
second-class mail matter at a cost of $60,
000,000;a- year; and- receives only $40,000,000
; for: the work, .; •,.,-..•...,:•;
VALLEJO, Oct. 24.— The body of . Wil
liam E. : Rulof son , of Benicia, who disap
peared-on \u25a0 the \u25a0 -night -of \u25a0' October 9, "was
found In the water near Vallejo Junction
to-day. -Letter3 in the pockets establishei
the. dead man's identity. - -
Body Found : in \ the Water.
VENTURA; Oct. 24.— The case of the
people against 1 Morrison Swift," charged
with, inciting anarchy, was called in the
Superior Court to-day. A demurrer filed
by Swift was to. have been) arsued, but
was continued/ If Swift agrees to leave
the county- the case will be dismissed.;
Casa Ends as He Departs.
j N APA, Oct. 24.— Mrs. Eunice Hobbs was
convicted by a Jury in the; Superior Court
here late . Wednesday ' night of assault
\u25a0with a deadly weapon In*, attempting to
shoot T. A. 'Armfield' and" his daughter
Lillle near Napa.'on the 8th of last July.
Mrs. Hobbs fired three shots at the Arm
fields. -The defendant was ."sentenced to-'
day to serve ; six 5 months in the County
Jail.' ' , \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-'.-.-\u25a0\u25a0' /.;,V ..\u25a0;.:., ' : '
Woman Sentenced v to Jail.
propaganda favoring a- general strike Is
proving fruitful In Spain. Leading anarch
ists assert that cornmittees throughout the
world, representing 8,000,000 ' workers,' .are
only waiting the signal .to inaugurate the
universal strike proposed by the German
workmen- and \u25a0 approved by the American
and ' European committees.
Propaganda Is Reported to Be Meet
ing With Great Favor. Through.-- : ;
out Spain. - ' :
BARCELONA, Oct. 24.— The anarchist
ANARCHISTS HOPEFUL
OF A UNIVERSAL STRIKE
General Smith Is -busy increasing: the
garrisons in Samar and preparing for ac
tive measures.", . .' * \u25a0 ;
... These are the Twenty-seventh Infantry,
eight' companies of which are , at Platts
burg Barracks, N.Y.i and four companies
at: Fort McPherson," Ga.; .the Twenty
eighth Infantry, eight companies of which
are at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., two
at Boise Barracks, Idaho, and two at Fort
Wright, Wash., and the Twenty-ninth In
fantry, eight companies of which are at
Fort Sheridan, III., and four at'Colum
bus Barracks, Ohio. | The cavalry selected
are eight companies distributed among
the Presidio at. San Francisco, at Benlcla
Barracks, Cal;, and at San Diego. These
troops have been, ordered to .hold them
selves in readiness for orders to Manila.
They will take the place of those regi
ments which will be withdrawn ; on ac~
count, of the expiration of . the terms of
enlistment of their enlisted men and- will
consequently not increase the force in the
archipelago beyond Its present strength
Of 42,000. \u25a0 ,
MANILA, Oct. 24.— General Hughes tel
egraphs from, the- island of Cebu reporting
that there has been no trouble In the isl
and of Samar since the fight at the Can
dara River. . - .- . • . \.-
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
\u25a0W.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 24— Three regi
ments of infantry and two battalions of
a regiment j of cavalry have been "prac
tically selected for service In the Philip
pines. .\u25a0 ... " ' '\u25a0/•: <\u25a0 •\u25a0 '.. '\u25a0.-.-.
Following is a list of the injured, so far
as known: James Mace, TJnlonville,' Mo.,
hurt Internally, will die; Wyman See
wright, Lancaster, Mo., 1 injured internally,
will die; John Seewright, Kansas City,
breast and back hurt seriously; Mlsa
Sophie Peterson, Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
limbs broken, badly injured. George Free
land, Browning, Mo., back injured badly;
Mrs. M. M, Freeland, Browning, Mo., in
jured , internally, serious; Mall Clerk
Moore, Bloomfield, Iowa, Injured about
head and face. . .
OTTUMTVA, Iowa, Oct 24.— The Chi
cago,"* Burlington and Kansas City pas
senger train No. 1 .was wrecked two miles
east : of Exline shortly, after 1 o'clock to
day, the entire train, consisting of a ; day
coach, mall and combination j cars, with
the engine, being thrown over a forty-foot
embankment. 'The cars' were; splintered
Into small j pieces. There were : nearly
thirty \u25a0 passengers in the coach and how
they escaped is a mystery. • Three were
probably fatally injured and seven others
badly hurt ./
The royal party then drove to the dock
and went on board the Ophlr, where the
Duke and Duchess rested for a few hours,
returning at 8 o'clock to attend a state
banquet at Government House and to
drive through the city at 10 o'clock tor a
view of the illuminations, which, as the
weather had improved, were general.
At 11 o'clock. the Duke and Duchess re
turned to the Ophir, which will' sail for
England to-morrow morning.
The only function this afternoon was a.
reception by the Duke and Duchess in
Government House, which was attended
by about" 500 persons. When the affair
was partly over It was suspended for a
time, as the Duchess became somewhat
faint, in consequence, it is understood, o!
her condition. The reception closed at
4:10 o'clock. 1 .
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Oct. 24.— The pro
gramme of the Duke and Duchess of
Cornwall and York ' was carried out to
day amid frequent rain showers. The
royal party landed at 11 o'clock, not any
of them wearing uniforms, and drove to
the Government House under an escort of
mounted police through streets lined with
sailors ard marines from. the fleet.
At the Government House* Sir William
.Whiteway, chairman of the citizens' com
mittee, presented an address of welcome,
to which the Duke replied in suitable
terms. The Duke later laid the commem
orative stone of the new courthouse.
NIAGARA FAIiLS. N. T., Oct. 24;—
Mrs. Anna Edson Taylor, 50 years old,
went over Niagara Falls on the Canadian
side this afternoon' and survived, a feat
never before accomplished and, indeed,
never attempted except In the deliberate
commission of suicide.
Mrs. Taylor made: the trip in a barrel.
Not only did she survive, but she escaped
without a broken bone,, her only apparent
injuries being- a scalp wound, a slight con
cussion of the brain,- some shock to her
nervous system and bruises *'••' about the
body. She was conscious when taken out
of the barrel. The doctors In attendance
upon her to-night said • that: though sha
was somewhat^ hysterical' her condition is
not at all serious,. and that she" probably,
wlll.be out of bed within a few.' days. ,-•• .
The barrel In -which, Mrs. Taylor .made
the Journey Is . four, and : a t half feet | high
and about three feet In diameter. A
leather harness and r cushions inside pro
tected her body. Air. was obtained through
a . rubber • tube connecting , : with a small
opening near the top of 'the /barrel."
• Mrs. Taylor is a school teacher and re
cently came here from Bay. City, Mich. •
CRUSHES OVER
AN EMBANKMENT
RELIEF TROOPS
FOR PHILIPPINES
BRAVES NIAGARA
IN A BARREL
SHC REDVEKS' RETIREMENT.
Treatment of General Buller Stirs the
British! Public
LONDON, Oct. 25.— There Is no end -to
These bills : were accompanied by letters
ordering that the bills be kept in. a safe
place until telegraphic orders to post them
up are received. The police officials of
Lancaster overlooked the letter and posted
the bills, causing widespread perturbation.
DUCHESS ILL
AT CEREMONY
LONDON, Oct. 21— An error, com
mitted by some of the provincial
police, has led to the premature
leaking out of the fact that the
War Office contemplates the pos
sibility of having to call out every volun
teer in the country. The "War Office has
distributed to the police officers through
out the kingdom bills ordering all re
servists, military, yeomen and volunteers,
to report themselves without delay to
headquarters with the view of active ser
vice.'
the comment caused by the summary re
tirement"" of : Sir Redvers " Buller 'through
petticoat influence at the War Office.
King Edward, who has a great liking for
the bluff old veteran, seems unable to
stem the tide of public disaproval. The
bitter hostility of Lady Roberts is be
lieved to be due to the refusal of General
Buller to correct his Spion Kop dispatches
and she has used every influence to bring
about the enforced retirement of Sir Red
vers, \u25a0
Reporting to the "War Office, Lord
There are nearly 200 bishops of the Catb
ollc church within the British empire:
Santa Fe Railroad Company Makes
Ready to Complete Filling of
China Basin.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 24.-Sealed propos
als were opened in this clty^ to-day by
Chief Engineer R. B. Burns of the Atchl
son, Topeka and Santa Fe lines west of
Albuquerque for the removing of 1,031,441
cubic yards of material from lands re
cently purchased by the Santa Fe at San
Francisco and tne depositing of the same
u« C l lIna Basln « Sa n Francisco harbor,
]\ hich the railway company is engaged in
tilling.
Under the terms of the proposal the
work will have to be prosecuted day and
r f 55. and must be completed by January
Jir^c °P erat i ons ar e to begin January 1,
1902. Several bidders are here, the Santa-
Fe having furnished them transportation
from Eastern cities to San Francisco in
?l ae ~ , that tney m teht take a survey of
the field.
«-^? e i d £ nt l ty of the successful bidder
win not be known for several days Th«
contract is one of the largest of the kind
ever awarded in this State. I
x-ROPOSAXS ARE OPENED x
FOB A BIG CONTRACT
Sanitary Experts Are Taking Neces
sary Precautions to Prevent It
Spreading.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— The United
States Sanitary Commissioner at Con
stantinople has made a I report on the
plague in that cit y, which, he says, has
been prevalent since last April. He re
ports that twenty cases have occurred, al
though the local authorities, following the
example of the Sultan, have shown much
willingness In talcing the necessary pre
cautionary steps. He says the disease has
been of a mild type as compared with the
epidemic in China and Inaia, where the
plague death rate reaches 80 per cent or
mere. The Sultan has appointed a sani
tary commission of experts, whose in
structions immediately on the manifes
tation of bubonic plague are to take all
necessary preventive steps without be
ing obliged to report to any official au
thority whatever. He arraigned the Pre
fecture de la Villa for carelessness in
many steps. Including the establishment
of hospitals. The Ottoman Government,
because the result could not- be obtained
in ten years, has not accepted the com
missioner's proposal to get rid of the
plague by opening large streets and im
proving the sewer system.
mild form: of the plague
exists at constantinople
I wanted.' he said to them, "to 1 get
out on the engine this morning, but I diJ
not know whether I would be permitted
to. Jsow, next time I make a trip I want
to ride on the engine."
• Accompanied by Miss Roosevelt, Com
mander Cowles and Secretary Cortelyou
S£t. I > re ir Si(3ent was driven directly to the
i, hit l House. He went immediately to
his office, where a large accumulation of
business awaited him, and denied himseif
to all callers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-President
Roosevelt and party returned to Wash
ington at 10:30 a. m. to-day. The special
train of two private cars pulled into the
Pennsylvania station just ahead of the
Federal express, of which it constituted
the first section.. Small crowds gathered
at several points along the line from New
Haven here and cheered the train as it
passed. Secretary Hay returned with the
President from New Hayen. Besides
those -who went from here Hiss Alice
Roosevelt joined the party at Farming
ton, Conn. Colonel Bingham, the. super
intendent of public buildings and grounds,
and Captain S. C. Greenway of the Presi
dent s Hough Riders and of the Yale 'var
sity nine also came with the President.
Ihe latter will be the President's guest
for a few days.
Only a few people had gathered at the
station here, but a squad of police and do
tectives and Chief Wilkie of the secret
service, vath several officers, guarded the
approaches. The President had break
fasted early and was in excellent spirits.
He was clad in a rough sack suit and .1
dark felt hat, and as he walked briskly
down the long platform smilingly ac
knowledged the greetings of the railroad
employes. When he reached the engine
that had pulled the train from Philadel
phia he reached up his hand to the en
gineer and fireman.
Small Crowds Gather Along
Line From New Haven
and Cheer Him. •
Returns Prom Hi3 Visit
to Yale on a Special
Train.
PRESIDENT BACK
IN WASHINGTON
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBEK 25, liJoi.
London War Office Distributes to the Police Throughout Kingdom "Notices Ordering
All Reservists, Military, Yeomen and Every> Person Bound to Shoulder Arms, to
Report Themselves Without Delay to Headquarters, With View of Active Service
GREAT BRITAIN IS PREPARING
TO CALL OUT ALI VOLUNTEERS
TACOMA, Oct. 24.— President Roosevelt
will come to the Pacific Coast next sum
mer If public business at "Washington per
mits him to get away. He made this
statement last week to Federal Marshal
Ide of this State, who returned to-day.
The President spoke freely regarding hte
love for hunting, and said that nothing
would give him greater pleasure than to
engage in an elk hunt in the Olympic
Mountains, where big game is plentiful.
At least three days will be necessary for
a hunt of this kind.
FBESTDEaffT WILL COME
TO THE PACI3TIC COAST
DENVER, Oct. 24.— Mrs. Nellie Har
difer, wife of Philip C. Hardlfer. a con
tractor of this city. Is dead from mor
phine poisoning, and "William P. Flanders,
a Lyons, Colo., hotel-owner, is in a hos
pital and may die from the same cause.
"We fixed 1t up to die together, for wo
loved each other and could not live
apart," said Flanders, who Is a married
man, after the woman was found dead
to-day in his room In the Midland Hotel.
Should Flanders recover he will be
charged with murder.
Woman Dies and Paramour Will Be
Charged "With. BJurder if He -
Reco\sers.
LOVE-SICK COLORADO
COUPLE TAKE MOBPHTNE
Director Merriam to-day estimated that
the total population- of the .United States,
including the new possessions. In 1910,
will be -about 100,000,000 people. The
work of the present census is progressing
rapidly and the first volume of the report
on the population of the United States
will be out in December and the final re
port by July next. The principal reports.
It Is claimed, are being got out over three
years. in advance of the usual time.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.-It is expected
that the Census committees of both
houses of Congtess at the coming: session
will consider legislation looking to the
establishment of a permanent census
bureau. It is claimed at the Census Office
that approximately three-quarters of a
million dollars could be saved from the
cost of the next census if the officials
could profit by the knowledge and experi
ence of the present census. A quintennlal
manufacturing census also has been sug
gested. The idea, so far as it has taken
shape and as it probably will be outlined
in bills to be introduced in both houses, is
to provide a census force of 100 or 200 peo
ple, including as far as possible experts
In each branch of the Inquiry.
2
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart troubles, at least among the
Americans, are certainly increasing, and
while this may be largely due to the ex-
citement and worry of American business
lite, it is more often the result of weak
.stomachs, of poor digestion. ' -
Real organic, disease is incurable, buf
.not one case in a hundred of heart trouble
Is organic
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way. also the heart is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion
which causes gas and fermentation from
naif digested food. There is a feeling of
•oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended
Etomach on the heart and lungs, interfer-
ing with their action, hence arises pal-
pitation and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
ranking It .thin and watery, which irrl-
tr.tes and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and to
Insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
alter meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
.Dyspepsia Tablets, which. may be found
at most drug stores,, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
• It is safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal time will cure any form of
Etomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach. ~ "„
Full sized package of these tablets sold
Jbjr druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
stomach troubles mailed free. Address P
A.Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich.'
TO-DAY AND TO-JIORROW!
SPECIAL SALE
|l URS /
20%^ epT.
AD, KOCOUR,
121 POST ST., . Booms 7 ti> jl. ,
DON'T MISTAKE THE InUMBBR. V
I- Ten-Cent Collars I
\u25a0 The man who is skeptical about the wear of a ten-cent col- H
H lar should See the Peyser brand which we sell. ayj
|§ They are pure linen— 4 ply— 2100 fine— come in all the la- K
Hj test styles, comprising a variety of about twenty different H,
I Call and see the collars— buy one or two — try them; that's iH '
« the way to find out their value. -. . £3
U Out-of-town orders filled— write us. 4h
I sflWoopsro I
\u25a0g Tt8 Market Street. |j
flfllillll 1 1 IJIjjj 1 1 1 1 1 1 iflllMThe admiral was In the midst of the dis
cussion of the "disobedience of orders" dis
patch when the old clock In the courtroom
struck four and Admiral Dewey announced
an adjournment for the day, notwithstanding
that Admiral Schley told him that he. would
like to conclude his testimony at this sitting.
The admiral was calm and collected throughout
the \u25a0 two hours that he was In the witness
chair, and he spoke In tones which, while not
loud, were so distinct that his words were
easily heard, v
Again referring to his own dispatch. Admiral
Schley said that it had been delivered in Eng
lish, but, he added, "read in the light of this
order and in view of the fact that the squad
ron did not return to Key West, whatever may
have been our intention or purposes, I say there
was no disobedience . of that order, and there
is no order there ! to go back. It was simply
that the department looked to me to establish
a fact of which it was not certain."
In response to a. request of Raynor for the
exact wording of the sentence In the dispatch
In dispute. Admiral Schley gave It as- follows:
"It Is to be regretted that the department's
orders cannot be obeyed, earnestly as we have
all striven to that end."
This, he said, was the authentic version of
the sentence, and was as he sent It.
"If we ho\l gone to the place indicated," he
said, "at the time we received the dispatch
we would have been in all probability gob
bled." . 'V \u25a0 .
Admiral" Schley pointed out that the Infor
mation eent from the Navy Department as to
the whereabouts of the Cuban insurgents .in
the vicinity of Santiago was erroneous, . the
dispatch placing them much nearer that city
than they were.
No Disobedience of Orders.
"If my reply to the telegram of the Secretary
of the Navy is not on record, I- would ; like to
put It there in the terms I sent It, . because i I
wrote It In English, gave it to Captain Cotton,
asked him to turn it into cipher and confirmed
It afterward in a : letter to the department,
which was received. The dispatch is here, arid
has been in the department for nearly \u25a0 three
years. I do not believe for one. moment that in
the translation of it there . was any intention
to mutilate It, but I think, in ' the choice of
words which 5 were not ! exactly of the same
meaning, the dispatch did not get to the de
partment entirely as I intended it should.
Upon this dispatch is based the charge of dis
obedience of orders. I contend that there was
no disobedience of orders. There would have
been disobedience of orders if I had abandoned
my statlom ! but, having returned to the station
without other direction and having found that
the department's information was correct, I
hold that I did not disobey orders and I think
that this dispatch, read and Interpreted as sent,
will relieve that charce." ' ; \u25a0 .
Discussing again his dispatch to the depart
ment concerning the department's orders, the
admiral said: \u25a0 , '
"Neither my first lieutenant, neither my
flag lieutenant . nor my secretary ever saw It
or can remember It. and It Is a little : strange
that . three j persons who , had :: access to •\u25a0; my
papers at all times should have failed -. to ' re
member, a dispatch of that Importance.. So it
is.'a. mistake. -I;nevers*w lt.";I' do not re
member it. I have- no recollection of it, nor
of • a \u25a0 good - many things which • I have heard
during this Investigation.". < . .
• Admiral \u25a0 Schley at this point returned to his
conversation at Clenfuegos with Captain Mc-
Calla. He exonerated the captain from' any
Intention to do him Injustice, but he said that
the captain had failed to give alloJ that con
versation. • .\u25a0'-'\u25a0 • .' ' . - '
"Captain Cotton said he delivered a dis-'
patch to me from Admiral Sampson stating
that they were there. ! That dispatch ' never
reached me. I never saw • it. I never heard
of it until the other day. If it ever was de
livered it should have been found among my
papers, but it could not have been delivered
to me for the reason that a dispatch of that
character would have burned itself so indelibly
on my mind I never could have forgotten it,,
never. Captain Cotton did not communicate
It to me, and there I think his recollection Is
at fault and not his veracity, because I do not
believe he would state anything that was not
so. .-; • \u25a0•\u25a0• . . — v
Continuing, he said :
Dispatch Never Beached TT^m,
"Now the telegram I sent to the Hon. Sec
retary of the Navy did not refer only to the
battleship, as interpreted, \u25a0 but it referred to
the entire fleet. We had at that time ten ships
in the squadron, seven of which were short of
coal. '.there were the auxiliaries and the
Texas. The auxiliaries and the -Marblehead
and the Vixen. I think, were moderately well
filled. The amount of coal which we transmit
ted should • have, I think, called attention to
that fact. Now. as has been testified to and
shown, I think almost every one who has had
any command during a war wherein- large res
ponsibilities were involved would have been
unwise not to have considered his own ac
complishments. We could not assume that the
enemy was going to chase toward our base;
It was probable he would chase toward his own.
He would have been I there pretty regularly or
among his more Intimate friends at Marti
nique. I do not think he would have been
liable to have gone to our base, and therefore
any calculation which took into consideration
the efficiency, of the squadron had to assume
that it would be in a direction least favorable
to us and most favorable to the enemy."
Admiral Schley again referred to the unman
ageable condition of the collier Merrimac, . say
ing that no prudent commander would have
sent a ship alongside of her.
Referring to the arrival of the Harvard, the
witness spoke of the ' discrepancy In the re
port as to the information which captain, now
Rear Admiral Cotton, of ' that vessel, had
brought aboard the Brooklyn. He said that the
dispatch which Captain Cotton had brought
aboard had said that the department's advices
Indicated that the Spanish fleet was at San
tiago.
"I was," he said, "thinking over in my mind
that ' a squadron, in Its ccailng endurance, . or
at least in its speeding endurance, was equal
only to its weakest members, just as the speed
of a fleet depends upon its slowest vessel ; that
it would be necessary to equalize as nearly as
we could their standards of steam in order
to be of effective use as a unit, and that de
termined the westward movement.
. In this connection Admiral Schley explained
his retrograde movement, so-called, to . the
westward, saying that "he had not considered
the economical aspect of this step, as economi
cal features coula never be taken Into consid
eration in military movements. He had,* he
said, made careful Inquiry as to the coal sup
ply of the various ships and had turned over
in his mind their endurance, in battle.
Explains Retrograde Movement.
and she was overtaken we would be out a
collier and the Spanish force. If they were out
side, would be in so much coal." -
* "I , remember \u25a0 the i Incident distinctly because
it made a very great impression on me at the
time. .It was when they, were preparing a cut
ter to take Captain. Cook to the Colon to' re-
In response, to a , question by Raynor Major
Murphy detailed an- incident- in: which -Com
modore Schley figured at the close of the bat
tle of July 3. Major Murphy said:
Schley's Gallant Speech.
' Major Murphy corrected his testimony of yes
terday, so as to say that the vessels of the fly-
Ing i squadron in steaming - back and forth \u25a0 at
night In front of the . mouth of the harbor at
Santiago had gone only about 800 yards to
either side of the harbor, instead of 1500 yards
as stated; yesterday. ,
WASHINGTQN. Oct. 24.— Every available
unreserved seat In the large room in the gun
ners' workshop at the navy yard, where the
Schley court of inquiry is sitting, was occu
pied to-day half an hour before the court was
called to order at 11 o'clock. The announce
ment of the approaching close of the case and
of the possibility that Admiral Schley would
take the witness stand during the, day had. the
effect of Increasing the public interest and of
bringing to the courtroom a far larger number
than could hear the proceedings.
A number of yesterday's witnesses were re
called as usual for the correction ; of \u25a0 testimony,
and after they had finished" Lieutenant,. Com
mander Charles H. Harlow, who! had concluded
his statement in chief when the court adjourned
yesterday, was Immediately taken in hand by
Captain Lemly for cross-examination. This
was devoted principally to the notes , taken by
Harlow of the battle of July 3 from *\u25a0 the
Vixen's deck, but was not very extended: \u25a0" -
After Commander Harlow Rear Admiral
Barker and Captain M. C. . Borden of the ma
rines were introduced , to testify to incidents
of the Cuban campaign. Captain Charles E
Clark, whose record on the Oregon during the
campaign of .'98 is the boast of every American
citizen, was called as the third witness of the
day, and the last witness in Admiral Schley's
behalf to be heard before the admiral him
self should: come on. .-
Captain of the Oregon Tells of That
Battleship's "Work at Santiago.
CLARK'S NARRATIVE.
Tr e admiral then related the particulars of
"Was Not Disrespectful.
Coming to the blockade off Cienfuegos the
admiral explained the formation of his fleet
there, saying that the steaming which had
been mentioned in the logs was for the pur
pose of overcoming the effect of a current
wheh set directly into the shore. He said the
ships were constantly settling Into the beach
and were obliged almost every hour to steam
for a mile or two. "And that." he said, "ac
counts for a good deal of what is stated in the
lojrsi about steaming."
Ir. this same connection the admiral said
that he had fixed the position of the squadron
eve-y morning and every afternoon by.; what
is known as the four point bearing.
"At night." he continued, "we had an In
variable light breeze, and we kept in a general
Circ ctlon on a general bearing. We were closer
et night, and that," he ' said emphatically,
"was the rule of the squadron always. We
•were closer at night at both Cienfuegos and
Santiago. The idea of keeping the squadron
in formation during the night or in line of
battle ready for any emergency was never
abandoned. The arrangement during the day
was eome little feigmed disorder. In the hope
than we might invite those people out. We
knew there would be difficulty in getting
in. because my flagship was of greater draught
than most of the others, the channels were
very tortuous, and our only hope, at least our
enly wish, was that they must come out. The
mo\/>ments of the squadron were rather an
Invitation, usually. That was what I felt dur
ing all the period of this blockade."
At this point Admiral Schley digressed for a
monent to refer to the conversation he had
with Admiral Sampson before - leaving Key
We*t. which he eaid had induced the belief
that the Spanish squadron's objective was Cien
fuefo*.
'That fact," he said, "fixed that in my
mind. A good many of the things about which
I am tetslfying burned themselves into my
memory because I was the most Interested
paity. I cannot recall anything in connection
with the Iowa at all."
Admiral Schley also said that the Iowa had
arrived to Join the fleet on the 22d, but he did
not: remember that It had brought any dii,
pat.ches beyond an envelope containing some
letters, one of which was from his (Schley's)
vrli'e.
"I did not remember the fact until within
tho past few months, because there were du
plicates of that letter, but I now recall it
from the fact that I sent the Scorpion to the
taut ward in obedience to the injunction con
tained in that letter to communicate with the
sctiuts, about whose presence off Santiago I
•was uncertain, as I think the admiral was on
account of orders having been eent directing
th«m to proceed in the direction of the Span
ish main to look for the squadron. The ad
miral was not certain whether they had got
back, nor was I. Therefore I sent the Sc&r
picn east, and that fact fixed the receipt of
thjit letter."
At 9 o'clock on the evening of the 22d the
torpedo-boat Dupont, the admiral said, ar
rived with a dispatch from Admiral Sampson.
Tr.e dispatch referred to was the "Dear
Schley" letter. The witness said:
Dispatch. From Sampson.
•'I generally," he said, "gave the position
that the squadron was from the beach by the
appearance of the surf, which ordinarily Is not
«*<jn beyond tix miles except at a great eleva
tlco."
The admiral said that after this Inspection
of the harbor he had taken a p sltlon with
the fleet three or four miles out. '.
Admiral Bchley placed hi§ arrival off Clen
fuegoa at near midnight of May II. He told
of bearing guns early that evening \u25a0while still
t'.ilrty or forty miles distant from the Cuban
port. Describing this incident, he said:
"Toward sundown cf-that afternoon I vra.%
riandin? on the bridge of the Brooklyn and
distinctly heard six or seven guns fired 'with
the cadence of a salute. The fact of hearing
tlioee runs was undoubted, bo much so that
the officer of the deck epoke of it. I happened
to be there at the time."
He said that the fleet stopped for the night
ten or twelve miles off shore off Cienfuego^;
that he had sent the Scorpion ahead of the
S'tet as a pilot, and toward daylight on the
following momln?. May 22, all the ships had
steamed In" dose to the harbor entrance.
"My recollection Is," he said, "that we wen 1 :
within a mile and looked at the harbor. But
owing to trees and other obstructions it was
Impossible to see Into the harbor. I never saw
any smokestacks, and I was a very close
wutcher on deck, penerally from 8 o'clock In the
xnsrolcg until 12 or 1 o'clock at night. There
Wiis scarcely a circumstance of any kind that
escaped me." . <
The admiral also related his meeting the
Cincinnati and the Vesuvius the next morning
«2 San Antonio. Captain Chester. In com
mand of the Cincinnati, came aboard the
Brooklyn remaining for about three-quarters
of an hour. He related the details of his con
versation with Captain Chester, saying that
they had '"threshed out a good many subjects.
After mentioning a number of the subject*
which fild not bear upon the present Inquiry
the admiral »ald that Captain Chester bad ex
pressed himself as specially desirous of joiii
ing the flying squadron with his ship, but said
that his coal supply was so limited that he
\u25a0would be compelled to go to Key West at a
very early date to replenish It. Admiral
Kchley eaid that he had terminated this part
of the conversation by saying to Captain Ches
ter that as his ship was not in his (Schley s)
(Mmmand he could not attach him to the
tquadrcn. In the same connection witness said
that Captain Chester had asked permission to
coal the Cincinnati from the flying squadron
collier, but he (Schley) had declined this prop
£ *Continuing his report of this conversation,
the admiral eaid:
"I then asked him If h« had ever cruised In
the West Indies, es I ha4 never been on the
south side of Cuba, and if he knew of any
place that would be favorable for coaling,
t.-here fairly smooth water could be expected.
He suggested a place some thirty miles to
the eastward on a bank, cr to the southward
en another bank, coaling upon which would
t« problematical and dependent upon the
state of the weather and the sea.
"I- do not," the admiral added, "recollect
last at this moment any other conversation,
except Captain Chester's disappointment that
fc* could not Join my squadron, which I
thought extremely praiseworthy."
In response to a request from Raynor. the
admiral Eaid that one of the places that had
been recommended by Captain Chester for
coaling was to the southward of Cienfuegos
In the open eea.
"I did not agree." he said, "that that would
be a rood place to coal, because conditions in
an ordinary sea would be aggravated in shoal
vater."
Meets ' Captain Chester.'
At this point the witness quoted Admlial
Sampson's order No. 6. not failing to point
out as he \u25a0went along- that in this order the
admiral had said: "After I have the situation
more In hand I will write you and give you
any Information that euggests Itself."
The first event of note on the voyage toward
Cienfuegos occurred. Admiral Schley 6aid, af
ter he had been out from Key West three or
tour hours. It was then that he met
Captain McCalla, In charge of the sub-squad
ron with the Marblehead at Its head, which
had been doing duty on the Cuban coast near
Cienfuegos, whither the commodore with his
firing squadron was bound. He related how.
in accordance with the usual custom when
a naval officer meets a superior In rank at sea.
Captain McCalla had aeked permission to pass
on. He told how McCalla had sent the Eagle
to communicate with the flying squarVvon. Ad
miral Schley also mentioned that the Scorpion
had been sent to intercept the Eagle for the
purpose of securing whatever information she
nnlght bring.
"After a little," eald he, "the Scorpion re
turned and reported through the megaphone,
I think identically as is reported In his log,
•B-falch was ell the information he gave us.
The Eagle afterward passed close enough to
vhe Brooklyn to hail her by the megaphone and
j-epeated that there was no news. I was on
lie quarter deck. The thing seemed to be al
most burned into my mind, but after what I
liave heard, I begin to think that maybe
:: was mistaken."
Departure of the Squadron.
The next move of the flying squadron. Ad
miral Schley said, was from Key West to Cien
fueros, and the admiral told how, as the com
mander in chief of that squadron, he had the
vessels coaled bo that at 7 or & o'clock on the
morning of May 18 all the ships of the fleet
turned their backs upon American eoll and
laid their course for the southern coast of
Cuba. This, he said, was done under the order
of the commander In chief. Admiral Sampson.
anywhere. I then went aboard my own flag
ship in order to hasten the operations of coat-
Ing. While there the Algonquin came out,
bearing an order from the Secretary of the
Na\T. through Commodore Remey, directing me
to go off Havana. I signaled the admiral to
know wnetner or not he understood that my
orders were to go oft Havana. He replied by
signal that he understood that his coming to
Key West modified my orders and that I should
be prepared to carry out the orders we had
agreed upon in the afternoon. I do not re
member whether that was on the afternoon or
In the morning, but it was before I left for
Cienfuegos."
On the morning of May 24 Captain McCalla
had arrived off Cienfuegoa with the Marblehead
and the Vixen, and the captain had, according
to Admiral Schley Immediately reported to him
on board the Brooklyn. The witness said he
then heard for the first time of the code of
signals arranged for communicating with the
insurgents at Cienfuegos.
"I was a great deal surprised," said the wit
ness, "and asked who made these arrange
ments. He said: 'I did when I was here be
fore.' I asked why It was not communicated to
me. That he did not know, of course. He was
not answerable for that. I said: 'Where are
those fellows?' He said: 'I communicated with
them when I was here last t to the west
ward somo twelve or fourteen miles, but they
are migratory and they : may or may not be
there.' I said: 'Go ahead : and . take up the
line of search and let me know.' "
The admiral then told of his sending Captain
McCalla ashore and of the latter 1 s reporting,
about 4 o'clock on the 24th. he thought that the
enemy was not at Cienfuegos, which fact he
had learned by communication with the Cubans
on shore. An hour or two had then, the wit
ness said. b»en • consumed In the preparation of
dispatches, including _a. dispatch to be- sent, to
Hears of Insurgents' Code.
"After we got hold of colliers which were
very much better fitted to resist shock as well
as to deliver coal rapidly, perhaps, and with
the later experience of the war I might have
coaled on days with worse weather. We had
a good many accidents about which no men
tion has been made. One of the colliers had
to go to New York absolutely smashed In. The
Merrimac herself had several holes punched
through her. and my Impression now Is that
a portion of the top works of the Sterling
was injured In some way, but we managed
with more patience to do a little better than
at first. There always was at Cienfuegos a
rolling swell and vessels with projecting spon
sons or projecting guns were always in dan
ger. I recollect once that one of the six
pounder guns of the Brooklyn was bent at an
angle of 30 degrees by coming into collision
with one of these colliers. Of course the twin
screws made it extremely dangerous to coal
except under the most favorable conditions.-
The problem presented to me at Cienfuegos to
solve — that of coaling— has disturbed the na
vies of the world for fifty years. I know we
accomplished this reasonably well under the
circumstances."
"Of course," he said, "to risk a boat through
the surf on a coast : believed to be occupied by
the enemy must have resulted in a repetition
of Captain McCalla' s experiment. He found
that the coast wa« pretty well occupied. I
eaw cavalry once or twice, both to the east and
to the west of this point. They appeared for
a moment, and immediately got out of sight.
I thought that to waste ammunition upon a
solitary cavalryman was like ehootlng big
guns at sparrows, and that killing one or two
men would not affect the result. I thought
It would be better to reserve all the ammuni
tion we had for use against the squadron
which I believed to be somewhere in that sea,
and it seems to me that was, a conclusion. I
did everything that was possible during the
time we were there to maintain the blockade
that was contemplated. I did all the coaling
that was practicable or possible."
Continuing on the subject of coaling Admiral
Schley said: . \u25a0 '
Did Not Waste Ammunition.
He said that while the squadron lay off Cien
fuegos the winds were fresh and there was
quite a rolling swell to the eea. In this con
nection Admiral Schley referred to the fact
that he had not been informed that there was
any system of signals for communicating with
the Insurgents, and he said that he did not
know that there were any insurgents to the
westward of Cienfuegos. \u25a0 This fact, he said,
together with the circumstance that the Adula
had not come, that Lieutenant Souther land
had failed to communicate any Information,
and the further fact that McCalla' s squadron
had been withdrawn from the vicinity were
responsible for the delay in communicating
with the Insurgents. "r'j
Admiral Schley said that on the night of the
23d he had seen three horizontal lights to the
eastward and to the westward of the harbor
of Cienfuegoe.
"The one to the eastward," he said, "was
In the mountains and I should say ten miles
from the coast, and certainly 600 feet up; the
others to the westward, about five or six miles
in on the beach, but back of it on the high
land."
The admiral said that the Hawk arrived
about S o'clock on the morning of May 23. This
vessel, he 6ald, had brought the dispatch from
Sampson which is designated as No'.* 8. This
is the dispatch in which the commander in
chief notified the commander of - the flying
squadron that the Spanish fleet probably was
at Santiago, and directed him. "If satisfied
that they are not at Cienfuegos, to proceed
with all dispatch to Santiago."
The witness said he had received duplicate
copies of dispatch No. 8 and said he identified
the copy brought by* the Hawk as the first re
ceived by marginal notes which had been
made on the, copy. He also said that a copy
of No. 7. the "Dear Schley" letter, and also
•a copy of the McCalla memorandum had been
received by the Hawk, saying that these facts
were fixed In his mind by tho circumstances
that on that date a signal had been given to
the squadron notifying the vessels that there
was a rumor that Cervera's fleet was at San
tiago. "That." he said, "is fixed in my mind,
because If I had got It the day before I would
have made that signal to the squadron as my
habit was to keep them all Informed."
2To Verbal Orders From Hood.
Relating the fact of the arrival of the Cas
tine and a collier on the 23d, Admiral Schley
referred to his reported conversation with Lieu
tenant Hood, which, he said. "l» one of the
other conversations I do not remember. I
think," he went 6n, "that I can show you by
a memorandum of Mr. Hood' is that if he had
any verbal orders he forgot to report them."
The admiral then referred to a memoran
dum from the Dolphin published in the appen
dix to the report of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, reading as follows:
"The Hawk has just reported from Cienfue
gos with dispatches from Schley. Hood says
a good number of officers don't believe the
Spaniards are there at all, although they can
only surmise." '
"That," remarked the admiral, "would? go
to Indicate that Mr. Hood was not very cer
tain in his own mind, or. If he had brought
any verbal Instructions to me, that he failed
to report the fact to the commander in chief.
Below it Is also a border information which I
6hould have been very glad to have had. Mr.
Hood got Into the anchorage, - 1 think, some
time about S o'clock. The Adula did not get
Into the anchorage at Cienfuegos before 10 or
11 o'clock. Lieutenant Hood did not board that
ship In my presence. She had already been
boarded. If he boarded her and got this news
and failed to deliver it to me then he com
mitted an indiscretion, for I was the senior
officer and he did not know what I was going
to do with her. I should have been glad to
have had his information. So that with this
note and this information I think Mr. Hood
remembered a good deal of what he said to
me, but be forgot a good deal that he should
have done."
Blockade at Cienfuegos.
Admiral Schley gave further details concern-
Ing the blockade at Cienfuegos, telling how
he had observed men laying mines across the
river and how he had established a picket
line inside the main line of blockade. Ho
'again referred to the' arrival of the Dupont,
which, he eaid, was very short of coal, having,
as was reported, only live or six tons aboard.
He. also told of the difficulties- experienced In
putting a lew additional tons aboard the tor
pedo-boat, and In this connection said: - •<;- '
"The work struck me as being one of such
difficulty that any attempt to coal a larger
vessel by boats would not only be exhausting
and latlgulng, but almost impossible beyond a
day or two."
'l he incident of the arrival of ! the ' British.
ship Adula was related in much detail, the ad
miral telling how he had had her boarded and
how she had brought Information in the shape
of a war bulletin which had stated that me
Spanish fleet had arrived at Santiago on May
Is; and had left there on the following day.
Remarking upon the report contained in this
bulletin the admiral said: ,
"That, of course, taken with the manner of
my approach and the distance being about
thirty-six to forty-eight hours away, lent color
to the belief that I entertained."
The admiral then related how the commander
of the Adula had been allowed upon specious
premises to - go into the harbor and had not
come out on the following day as he had
promised to do.
"I think he did me injustice when he spoke
of my speaking disrespectfully of Admiral
Sampson. I used no such term. There was no
reason why I should have done so. I Invaria
bly spoke of him as Admiral Sampson, and I
do not recollect one word of the conversation
which Lieutenant Wood recited— not one word,
and I recollect a good many things pretty well,
I am glad to say, and very little from Imagin
ation."
the visit of Lieutenant Wood of the Dupont
to him on board the Brooklyn, when the Du
pont arrived oil Cienfuegos. He said that
Lieutenant Wood was In a pitiable condition ot
exhaustion because of his arduous duties on a
torpedo boat. "I told him," said the admiral,
"that if I were a King I would promote every
torpedo officer five, grades if I could."
Continuing, the admiral related ho\y Lieuten
ant Wood had handed him the dispatch and
added: -•
the Secretary of the Navy, ana about 6 o'xlock
the squadron steamed to the south.
"I think," he said, "that we finally got under
way between 7 and 8 o'clock on a course of
about southeast. . The orders to the squadron
were by signal. I did not care whether the
enemy saw them or not. I am quite sure that
the distance which we had steamed from the
preliminary formation until the final depart
ure was outside of any distance they could have
been read or seen from shore.". •:\u25a0*.'\u25a0-;
. Speaking of the weather condition on the
night of the 24th, after . the squadron had got
under way, the admiral said that he remem
bered that the night wa6 a dirty one and the
sky lowering. It was rainy in squalls, he said.
He recalled especially that he had looked out
through a porthole twenty feet above water
and that the spray dashed in.
"Of course," he said, "weather, of that sort
did not mean much to the larger ships, but to
the smaller ones it did."
Giving the formation of the squadron he said
that he had kept the collier on his weather
side, so tha* in case the enemy should appear
that vessel could be protected or sunk. The
arrangement also had contemplated that the
Marblehead would be able, with the two
smaller vessels, to act as torpedo-boat destroy
ers. He said his policy had been to keep the
squadron together as a unit, and added:
Formation as a Unit.
"I think it will be admitted in changing the
location of a squadron from one port- to an
other that it would be unmllltary and unwise
to proceed in any other formation than as a
unit. My impression is that useful auxiliaries
and necessary supplies never should be aban
doned except under the very strictest military
necessity."
Adihiral Schley spoke pf the weather on the
25th as rough for the smaller ships.
"I remember," he said, "that the Marble
head carried away one of her booms that was
alongside on account of the sea. The Vixen
took green seas over her bows and badly in
jured a man. The Eagle filled one of her for
ward compartments. Both of these ships con
stantly dropped astern. The squadron, of
course, slowed for them. On several occasions
the Merrimac signaled the disarrangement of
her steering gear and of. her engines, necessi
tating stops. Coaling on the 25th would have
been absolutely Impossible. I watched the sea
perhaps more carefully than any -one else and
was ready to avail of the earliest oportunlty
to take advantage of It. and I felt that I
was very much more capable and very much
more competent than any one else in the
squadron of judging when coaling \u25a0 was pos
sible."
Coming to the 2Cth Admiral Schley said that
the weather was still rough, and he related
the Incident of sending Commander Souther
land away with the Eagle.
"He did not," the admiral said, "insist upon
coaling his ship, because it would have been
absurd; it was impossible. His ship at the
time was laboring a great deal, slashing and
rolling about. He regretted having to leave
the squadron for coal as well as myself. His
contention, however, "that he could coal on
that occasion was utterly untenable. He could
have coaled. I suppose, in boats, but he would
have burned the coal as fast as he got it on
board. \u25a0-:...\u25a0..
"We continued In an \u25a0 easterly course." said
the admiral, again taking up the thread of
his narrative, "as my orders contemplated ap
proaching cautiously and as they also con
veyed to me the information that probably
when I left Cienfuegos the enemy would leave
Santiago I laid such a course as I thought
would give me a wide horizon, and if he did
leave I could not Imagine he would try . to
pass inside of me. I estimated, of course, he
would pass to the southward. My course , as
projected would have, of course, gone to China
If there had been no islands In the way." - \u25a0
The admiral then ' told how, upon reaching
a point southward from Santiago, about 4 or
5 o'clock in the afternoon of May 26, he had
encountered the scout boats- St.- Paul. Minne
apolis and Yale, but before relating the details
of coming up with them he' digressed sufficient
ly to refer to a dispatch in which he had men
tioned his intention of delaying until the 2oth
his. departure from Cienfuegos which, he ex
plained, was for the purpose of taking up the
Scorpion, which vessel had been expected i back
on the 24th or 25th.
"That," he said, ".'was the suggestion, but
we can make a great many: suggestions and
say a gocd many things and then we are priv
ileged net to follow, them." > • • .
Admiral Defends His Course. •
At this point the admiral entered upon an
other defense of his course by saying:
"I was on the south side of Cuba, of course
invested. I thought, with entire responsibility.
I was not In communication by telegraph. I
did not know that we \u25a0 had secret' agents' in
Havana. I did not know that there was any
means of communicating with the insurgents.
If that were known, I should have known it
also because I was acting in an entirely In
dependent capacity, I may almost say. I
could not be reached by telegrams and a good
deal I did had to be left to guessing. And
some times I guessed right and sometimes 1
guessed wrong, and I suppose in the light of
recent events we are all liable to do that."
The witness then referred to his picking up
the scout boats. In this connection he again
spoke of the weather conditions on the voy
age from Cienfuegos over, saying that Captain
Cook reported that he had never seen more
motion on the Brooklyn, and that some of the
youngsters in the steerage were seasick, which
is an unusual thing.
He then related the Incident of Captain Sigs
bee's coming aboard the Brooklyn from the
St. Paul, saying that the visit had impressed
itself vividly upon his mind.
'I recollect distinctly," he said, "that he had
on ' rubber boots and an old blockading cap,
which we all wore more or less, and an ordi
nary blouse suit."
The admiral then proceeded to give the In
formation which Captain Sigsbee had brought
prefacing what he had to say with the state
ment that he did not believe Captain Sigsbee
would misstate anything for his commission.
'.'I don't believe." the admiral said, "that
he is capable of stating what is not true. .In
this instance I think his recollection is at
fault and not his veracity. I. said to him:
•Captain, have you got the Dons here?" He
said to me: 'No, they are not in here. I have
been in very close.' I don't know but what
he said 'sketching,' but he certainly said:
'They are not here; they are only reported
here.' I said to him: 'Have any t of the other
vessels s«en them, the Yale or the Massachu
setts?' He said: 'No, they have not. They
have assured me so." That was the assurance
to which I referred when I spoke of the assur
ance of such men as Wise and Jewell -and
Sigsbee. I do not believe that any of theism
men would misstate the conditions at all, but
I assured them i from the communication from
Sigsbee that he was bearing to me the as
surances of all of them."
Relating his interview with Pilot Eduardo
Nunez, Admiral Schley said that Nunez had
expreessd the opinion that it would have been
almost impossible for ships of the size of
those of the Spanish fleet to enter the Santt
ago harbor, the pilot saying that the entrance
was not only shallow but tortuous. . ..
Assumes the Responsibility.
Referring in a general way to Captain Slgs
bee's visit. Admiral Schley said:
"My habit of life, not only In point of com
mand of a squadron, but also in command of a
ship, was to assume the responsibility and the
danger of censure of any movement that might
Justify it. but I was never willing under any
circumstances to be a participant in glories 1
would not divide^. That was the general prin
ciple upon which* I acted In this matter. . I did
not call any council of war. The Information
which these people gave me led , me to infer
that the .telesrraphlc information was a ruse
precisely similar to- that .which was- 1 tele
graphed from Cadiz that the squadron had re
turned from the Cape Verde Islands. That
would have been my policy if I had been in
control, and if any of us • at any time made
any mistakes during the campaign of Santiago
or elsewhere, it was in supposing that the
Spaniards would ever do right at the right time.
That probably was the only reason we made any
mistakes that we did make. I determined that,
that being ' the case, a move - eastward would
be unwise. In that I knew Admiral Sampson
would have moved 10 the eastward of Havana.
It would not have been wise for me to have
uncovered Santiago. .The military Importance
of that movement would have been to guard
the westward, as that would have been \u25a0 the
only place they could have got in behind. As
those in 'the interior had an absolute control
of the entire line, our movements every minute
of the day were known -in Havana, and I have
often been surprised that Cervera did not leave
Santiago when I left Cienfuegos. I found out
afterward « why he did ' not ; do " it— simply be
cnuse he could > not — and therefore v we • did not
suffer any." . ' . .\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0
Relating the particulars of the breaking down
of the collier Merrimac on the evening , of the
26th, Admiral Schley said: that his first deter- 1
mlnation had been to have her towed to Key
West by , the Yale, as ; he. did not ; consider It
desirable to have an unmanageable collier with
him.- '• •. .:'..' ••--.-.. •;\u25a0 •\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 - ":' ;-.i
- "It then occurred • to- me." "he said, ."that
if we did send her to Key West with the Yale
celve- the surrender of that ship. She had
hauled down her flag and was ashore. The offi
cers and many of the men. were gathered for
ward In the neighborhood of the forecastle and
Commodore Schley addressed the men, caution
ing -them 'not to -cheer when the -Spanish, cap
tain came 'on .: board. .. He spoke of their gal
lantry, sayirfg that they had made a good fight
and that they, should not be humiliated; that
we should treat- them chivalrously and not hu
miliate them ; by cheering. It was a gallant
speech, and we- all felt -it very deeply. . The
commodore made the same speech about mid
night of the same day, when we were ranging
alongside the Iowa, and we had learned that
Admiral Cervera and his officers were. on board
that ship. It afterward developed that Ad
miral Cervera heard Commodore Schley make
the remark and he appreciated Jt very much,
so we were told."
Brooklyn Target of the Enemy.
Describing the course of the Brooklyn during
the battle of July 3, Commander. Harlow tes
tified: -,;\u25a0
"I saw the Brooklyn receiving almost the en-
did as he progressed, and he was soon distinctly
heard In the vicinity of the court.
Dsscri-Dtion of the Battle.
At the request of Raynor, he began a descrip
tion of the battle of July 3. as follows:
"When we discovered the Spanish ships corn
ins out, our fleet closed in at once. to attach
them, each ship being- ordered to keep lief
head directly toward the harbor entrance.
The Spaniards turned to the westward, break
in? through cur line and crossing it. and our
ships swung oft to the westward in pursuit.
Both sides opened flre promptly and flred rap-
Idly. ' Dense smoke obscured the vessels, malt
ins it difficult to dt3tir.gulsh them.
"The Oregon ran between the Iowa and th«
Texas and the next ships to the westward . in
our line, and soon after we sighted four Span'
lsh ships ahead, apparently uninjured, at that
time. They had Rained so much ground that
I believed they had been successful In at
tempting to escape, but it was soon evident
we were gaining at least on- one of them,
which afterward proved to be the Maria Ter
esa, the flagship, and I thought we should
bring her to close action, but might be ex
posed to the concentrated flre of all the ships.
Just then the smoke lifted or broke away
to the left, and I discovered the Brooklyn.
She was well forward of our port beam and
tire flre of the two leading ships with an oc
casional shot from the Colon.- I was in a po
sition to see a flash, and shortly, afterward the
fall of the projectile, and these showed that a
large proportion, was. about the Brooklyn. The
Colon evidently was using smokeless powder,
and I . was not able to tell so well where her
shots fell."' \u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0'<: ;\u25a0,— '\u25a0
The witness said be was satisfied " that the
fire of the Brooklyn set the Viacaya on flre
and caused her to run ashore. There was no
other American ship within range of the Vls
caya at that time. The Maria Teresa was
driven ashore by the concentrated .fire of all
the ships of the American fleet The Oquencto
was bo far In the rear he could not estimate
what vessels caused her destruction. In re
sponse to a question by the court, Commander
Harlow said that the Vixen was able to main
tain the standard speed of nine knots an hour
with the fleet In the voyage from Cienfuegos
to Santiago. He also said in response, to a
question by the court that with searchlights
the ' Vixen was near enough to the mouth of
the harbor at Santiago to see the enemy's
ship3 in case of an effort to escape.
The large audience manifested signs of in
terest as the captain of the Oregon approached
the witness stand. Admiral Dewey smiled as
he walked around to the end of the table to
administer the oath. Captain Clark at first
spoke in an undertone and was two ! or three
times requested to raise his voice. This ho
Major of Marines Tells How Schley Made a
Speech Requesting the Tars Not to Cheer
Within the Hearing of the Captured Men
Flagship Brooklyn Fights^ a Bunch of the
Spaniards at One Time and Aids in
the Destruction of the Fleet of Cervera
GALLANT CONDUCT
TOWARD VANQUISHED
SAYS HE ACTED ON
SCHLEY'S SIGNALS
SCHLEY'S ASSURANCE TO SAMPSON
OF LOYAL, UNRESERVED FEALTY
:/((\u25a0: T/f/E looked over maps, and I must say that I agreed with him. 1 '/could, not imagine that any
y f/ one zvho had studied the military situation of tlie island at all could have supposed that
Santiago would have filled any of the conditions of his instructions. We, had quite a talk
. together. I told him that I had been ordered to report for duty to Admiral Remey, which, Iim
'agincd, necessarily meant himself , and that I zvantcd to assure him at'theoutsel that I should be
loyal. absolutely and Unreservedly to. the cause that zve.zvere: both representing. Captain Chadzuick,
who zvas present — / don't remember all the time or not— said,'Of course, commodore, any one who
has known your character would know that it would be -impossible for you to be otherwise than
loyal]' " — From Schley's statement relating to his meeting zvith Sampson at Key West. , V
CAPTAIN CLARK OF THE BATTLESHIP OREGON TESTIFIES
CONCERNING THE WORK OF THAT VESSEL IN GREAT BATTLE
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRLDAY^ OCTOBI^l^ 25, 1901;
Continued From Page One.
Continued on Page Nine.
3
Our Nine Dollar Sack Suits
The continued demand for our $9 suits proves that they are meeting with marked ap-
proval. The suits actually sell themselves. A customer comes in., looks over the variety of
patterns, selects something to his liking and the sale is made. This .can only be done when
clofhes have a good outward appearance.
We will vouch for the "inside" of these suits — for the making and material, on which
the wear depends. We know that they are all wool and well made by union labor, that the
color is fast, that the suits are worthy : the price. Should a customer disagree with our opin-
ions he can have his money back. Need we say more of our faith, in the suits?
\u25a0 They are made in solid colors and fancy patterns from cheviots, tweeds, worsteds and
serges. A new shipment of these goods has just arrived from our workshops.
Buy direct ; from us, the makers, arid save twenty-five per cent. , 1
Three days' special in child's clothes
As our last three- day special sale was so successful, we wilfhave another sale for Fri-
day (to-day), Saturday and* Monday. The suits are vestees and sailors, each made from dura-
ble materials, neatly trimmed; they are stylish little suits and are really worth more than the
special price, which for the three days — to-day, to-morrow and Monday — will be
If after examining the -suit closely in their home parents think that the suit is not worth* the price, they can
have their money back.
Special three days' sale of child's reefers, like
&z£j3tf3k picture, made of covert cloth and brown frieze - /££-/
OjjJT >y with inlaid velvet collar, ages 3 to 8, Rood f
S^^7(£^ weight for winter, regular $3.00 value, for to- VflSril^&Sk
\t~ •** j . ' day, Saturday and Monday the special sale price is . ////^
W^N*^ Boys' knee pants, made of remnants from our l/i / M>2£!£%&^
tailoring department, all-wool Roods, well made, ' / f//S^^^^{Wlf\
Boys' golf caps, ..elegant assortment, at a |[
' \u25a0 HfilrllSlil Boys ' » nlaundere . d shirt waists > m ade of per- jl pJiJ^MHailM^^ L-*»
Iflpmsf \u25a0'\u25a0»§l| jl ca l e anf^ cheviot, with detachable patent belts, /111 j iMnf^TO^
"SyffiJ mi Write for our new illustrated catalogue, "What ' 1^il(A\\f£&9 Mlffi
,.'.',.' - • *VJ 1T1CI1 AWL vll WWl*'After notifying the public that .his poem
has been republished by request he adds
that it was "first printed about a week
before his Honor took his vacation." : The
opening stanzas run: Z'.'.'-'\?
Come, all you men who mush for gold— you men
who break the trail— •\u25a0 . .
And listen, while I fabricate a weird; eventful
tale.
i Of Judge Noyes Dunham had much to
eajr. His claims on the Topkuk were rich
•with r gx>ld.' He was the original' locator.
Then they were "jumped" and the lawyer
entered into the view of things and Dun
ham Is still in the throes of legal battle.
Into verse and so successful was this
poem that its author had fastened upon
him the title of "The Nome Poet"
Now I advise you men who mush — you men
who dig for gold:
When you have found and staked a claim you
feel inclined to hold,
Don't mush 'to town and tell your friends, nor
let the lawyers know.
But camp rig-ht there with loaded guns and
give yourselves a show.
Attorneys "Wrangle.
Bo much for Dunham, whose tale on the
stand Is given below. Serious allegations
were made by him, as well as by Judge
Johnson and Samuel Knight in the dispo
sition of gold held by the receivers of tho
Topkuk claims. Amicus Curiae Pillsbury
has threshed out pretty much all there U
in the case and will conclude his work for
the Government before the day is over.
The first line of yesterday's testimony
was educed to show the knowledge on the
part of Judge Noyes that the legislative
act of June 6, 1900, allowed an appeal to
be taken from an order of receivership
issued by a district court. Then the Top
kuk litigation and the receivership iniq
uities were again exposed to view.
As the examination dragged its weary
length the attorneys grew more and more
acrid and at the closing hour Heney and
Pillsbury clashed swords in earnest. This
came so hard upon the smooth, gentle
entre vous talk between Metson and Mc-
Laughlin that it struck the courtroom like
several kinds of lightning. Heney said to
Pillsbury in regard to certain testimony:
Is this for the newspapers?"
Said Pillsbury to Heney: " You seem
to have newspapers on the brain."
"Yes, sir, I have them on the brain from
listening to your examination and it's a
good thing I have a brain to have them on
as I shall need it further on in this exam
ination."
Pillsbury was satisfied to end It then and
there and Commissioner Heacock, over
come with the torrid atmosphere,' dis
missed bailiff, witness and all- for the day.
Johnson on N"oyes.
Frank D. MoYickton, Clerk of the Circuit
Court of Appeals, was put upon the stand
when the court opened to testify to corre
spondence with Attorney Gunn of Nome.
Monckton met Gunn and Jim Gaylen In
Seattle; Gurtn argued in the Circuit Court
of Appeals that the order should be set
aside.
Judge C. S. Johnson was next called
He was attorney for the defendants In
the Chips vs. LInderberg case. The ami
cus curiae began:
"Mr. Metson spoke of an interview held
on July 24, 1900, with McKenzie concern-
Ing the Anvil Creek property,"
"I learned for the first time that Me-
Kenzle was appointed receiver on July
23, said the witness. "Johnson went to
Judge Noyes' room to ascertain If a re
ceiver had been appointed. He met
Dickey there and found the papers in the
Chips case— a complaint and affidavit— on
the desk. "The papers showed no filing
and he called Dickey's attention to it- 'I
Just received these a few minutes ago,'
? a i£» Dick£ ar- I think he filed them later.
i. did not see bonds among the papers."
. Johnson learned on Saturday, July 21
that Judge Noyes came ashore. On Mon
day he called on him and asked him when
the court would be open for business, and
the Judge said as soon as he returned
from St. Michael. Then the old story of
the two orders issued by Judge ; Noyes
concerning \ the Discovery claim property
and the working materials of the miners
was threshed over. When Johnson asked
of the court for an order allowing an ap
peal from the order appointing McKenzie.
Judge Noyes said it was a settled matter
now and McKenzie would remain re
ceiver.
Light Hand of McKenzie.
Johnson, In a conversation with Noyes
in his rooms, told some pretty plain facts
about how McKenzie. had promised for a
third interest in certain. Topkuk claims a
favorable judgment from the court. Judjr»
Noyes said to Johnson: . \u25a0 • " -
"Well, I can't let you prove, this; I
can't let 1 you expose this or reflect ur»on
the court." ' y '
Tho witness said he certainly would ask
for an order to protect his client, and then
left Judge Noyes.
In a conversation later on with Judtre
Noyes the latter said to Johnson:
"I'm coin* to see If Judge Robs is eo-
Ing to block this court all the time. We
might as well have It out now. Anyway
tho cases are tried by the press in Sari
Francisco."
The bond question came up again and
Judge Johnson r testified > that, although
frequent applications were made: to raise
tho bonds In the Topkuk claims cases, the
court would never, allow it.*;u ..
On another tack, Judge Johnson said:
"Our. people were- not allowed at > all
times to be present at the clean-ups. Ap
plication was made to tho court, but noth
ing came of it." ...
These Topkuk claim. cases and the'liti
gation concerning them exposed many ec
centricities In the meting, out of . Justice
by Judge Noyea. ,The line of testimony
recited by Judge Johnson went to show
TWO LEGAL. LIGHTS AND CHIEF
WITNESS IN THE NOME CON
TEMPT HEARING YESTERDAY.
Tale of Poet Dunham.
Sam Dunham, special agent in the cen
sus office in Alasica, was next called to
the stand. He was the original locator of
ihe four beach claims of the Topkuk
properties.
"Did you have any conversation with
Judge Moyes?" said Pillsbury.
"When Judge Noyes arrived," an
swered Dunham, "I saw him to seek ad
vice on having the jumpers removed from
the Topkuk mines. Four of the locators
banded in a -company* and we had tho
Jumpers removed through military pro
cess. When these guards were removed
the jumpers came back, on the claims.
That was the condition of affairs when
Judge Noyes arrived.
"Captain Hansen, who had . Keokuk
claims," and myself went to see Judge
Noyes at his rooms. Wt> met Archia
Wheeler, his private secretary. ! Wheeler
said if we gave him a half-Interest he
would see that things would be righted in
a day. I told him a fee of $1500 would bd
enough, as these men were trespassers.
Wheeler afterward said, when he had re
turned from the other, room, where he
had gone for a few minutes, that we
should divide the property in ten parts.
We then went out."
"Did you see any contract In .this case
\u25a0after that?'.'... . .:,.\u25a0\u25a0>\u25a0 ,-..;. ; '\u25a0-,
."I saw. a-pencll draft -between' Captain
Hansen 'and Archie Whe.eler. It was 'a
contract between the* Black Sheep Mining
Company and Mr^'TWheeler for a one
eighth interest, Wheeler to act as attor
ney." : -\u25a0\u25a0...\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0•;.-;\u25a0-\u25a0:'-\u25a0• :.-"\u25a0 ".'•\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0-.-•. "
The witness continued to recite facts
of the claim-jumping. • \u25a0
1 At this point Attorney -Keney wanted
to know • the . direction of Pillsbury"s
steering, and' he soon found out. The
amicus curiae replied:
"We will show that McKenzie became
interested in the property, secured the r3
celvershlp for Cameron and, through Mc-
Kenzie, Judge Noyes, Stevens and Archie
Wheeler, worked the conspiracy.
Here the morning session ended, and
Sam C. Dunham, claim locator, poet and
census agent, went to lunch. He opened
the afternoon session.
Pillsbury States His Theory. \
Dunham then told of his mines and the
outputs. He said:
"The referee in his report said that 20,-.
000 square feet were worked and that it
averaged $5 a square foot. We were never
allowed to watch the clean-ups. The re
ceiver said so long as representatives of
jumpers were not present we could not
have one. We never could flnd out just
how much was taken out in the clean
ups." . :
"Was this claim worked in a miner
like manner?" said Pillsbury.
"It was not."
Then followed an objection from Mc-
Laughlln, which provoked the following
from Pillsbury:
."My theory is* that McKenzie used Judge
Noyes as an instrument .to carry out his
purpose. .1 believe -he was. appointed on
July 23. When the facts came before
Judge Noyes he suppressed them. My
theory is that he acted deliberately to
obstruct the course of justice, and the
Topkuk business illustrates it."
Further argument : followed \u25a0 and then
McLaughlln took the witness.
•;You published something in regard to
the transactions at Nome, did you not,
and they are now on record at Washing
ton?"
"Yes, sir," said Dunham. \u25a0 •
•'That's all," was McLaughlln's end to
this cross-examination. • >\u25a0•/%
Samuel Knight was called back to the
witness chair. Attorney Pillsbury ques
tioned Knight as to his knowledge of the
act, of June 6, WOO, which made the ap
pointment of a receivership by a district
court an appealable order. It was the in
tention of the amicus curiae to show that
Judge Noyes knew of this law before the
writs of supersedeas arrived and during
those times | when the court refused apr
pealstobe taken from his orders of re
ceiverships.
"Did you get your property all back
from ..the receiver?" was the next ques
tion. -
"We were short just $9000, which we
did not receive until. after McKenzie was
arrested," responded Knight. < • • -
In reference to the Geary contempt,
the amicus curiae offered the testimony of
Thomas Geary, taken in the McKenzie
contempt case. There was no objection.*
John A. Lekeley. and John F. Mercer
two witnesses who were- subpenaed, had
not yet arrived and Pillsbury offered two
affidavits, but the attorneys -for the re
pondents objected. The affidavits went in
Just the same.
\ Metson and the Orders.
As the respondents' attorneys had not
finished with William H. Metson, he was
placed upon the stand for further cross
examination. The first question J asked
was in respect to the two orders found by
Metson not to have been filed and Mc-
Laughlln wanted to know if 'similar or
ders had not been filed in the other cases.
Metson said he did not know. ,
The cross-examination concluded with
an. inquiry into Metson's state of feeling
toward Judge Noyes. .',...•.
"Mr. Metson," is it not true you have
taken a great deal of interest in the prose
cution of Judge , Noyes?" queried. Mc-
Laughlln.
"Yes, sir;" was the positive 1 reply. \
.".Your feelings for Judge Noyes are far
front^frlendly?!' •
"They are." /.:,>:
"Have you spent much money in this
case, I don t mean in a legitimate way,
Mr. Metson? was softly, tenderly asked
by McLaughlin. \u25a0
. "No, Blr; I have not,", came from-Met
son. \u25a0\u25a0 \u2666 -:-\u25a0.-,
\u25a0 In the re-examinatlon Metson testified
that before the trouble in Nome he and
Judge Noyes were on such social terms
as lawyer and court ordinarily are in a
community like Nome and that he had
even asked Judge Noyes to dinner with
others. :. , .
"What did Judge- Noyes do about the
pe n J ™ arkln ss on the orders when you
PMsbu?y S a , ttentlon t0 them?" . queried
"Nothing that I 'know of," said :Met
son. \u25a0".''\u25a0\u25a0' . . .\u25a0 1 ••\u25a0\u25a0..••\u25a0.-.
\u25a0 d^. nd here tno ca se,went over until : to-
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.'
TV., "WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— Lieutenant
General Miles has again reversed his
-views and in his annual report he will dis
cuss the anti-canteen law and oppose any
effort to repeal it. Miles has been. in
the past one of the strongest advocates of
the canteen system, and- he was largely re
sponsible for its adoption. He has
changed his ground since the anti-canteen
law was adopted and now argues that the
army is better oft without the canteen. It
is said the general hoped to raise another
issue with the Secretary of War, but he
will fall. The War Department opposed
the anti-canteen law, but when It was
adopted it proceeded to enforce It. The
only, reference to the anti-canteen law
made by Adjutant General Corbin in his
report is that -"the provision of the act of
Congress which proiaibits the sale of
beer, etc., has been carried into effect."
Secretary Root will, it is said, make no
extensive discussion of the question. The
Secretary of War regards his office as an
executive one and having carried into ef
fect the law of Congress abolishing the
canteen he will leave tho question of re
sults to Congress without comment from
himself. Miles may now denounce : the
canteen, which he was in a measure re
sponsible for, but he will not by so doing
raise an issue with the Secretary of War.
that William D. Cameron was appointed
receiver at the Instigation of McKenzie
and M. L. McCormaclc, who was the su
perintendent of the mines really, acted in
that capacity during Cameron's absence.
_ The- Topkuk mines yielded much gold.
So far the term of the receivership shows
an output of $26,000, but the attorneys for
the original locators think some $100,000 or
$1dO,000 in. cold has been extracted' from
the mine.
He Is Said to Be Trying to
* Eaise an Issue With
War Secretary.
Will Oppose Any Effort
to Repeal the Anti-
Canteen Law.
GENERAL MILES
CHANGES GROUND
TALK ALL DAY OF GOLD SACKS,
RECEIVERSHIPS AND ORDERS
Amicus Curiae Pillsbury Presents a Strong Line of Testimony That
Will Be Relied Upon 4o Prove Charge of Contempt' in the
Cases Against Judge Arthur H. Noyes and Three Attorneys
~— r AM C. DUNHAM, census marshal,
- /J^^ claim locator and poet, was on the
f. stand yesterday during the exam-
ination in the Nome contempt
,:\u25a0• cases before Commissioner pea
cock. Being: a poet and having had some
thing happen to his claims that forcibly
recalls his last name, his tale was a piti
ful one.. Dunham has j>ut his troubles
. . . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 » - t»-
Of bow we found and lost a mine, as rich as
ever found.
Or lost by any Lapp or. Swjede In ell the coun- ,
try round.
That was the opening lament, the whole
of which \u25a0 is told- in . exactly thirty-one
verses, exploiting in detail the facts that
he recited on the stand in yesterday's pro
ceedings. Dunham's conclusion is full of
import and .rare wisdom. It reads;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
4
. ; '„ i**-\'I ADVERTISEMENTS. : ;....-;;:....-\u25a0 ...;
/ M^kvi \ '.PAN-AMERICAM /a,vi&}ic : a,m\
\Ajpt\L0 ) expositiom ,kx'?o5\-nonj
AND DIPLOMA AWARDED TO
ffiffil SBili mi0&
X W\ / EXPOSITION A J90J /
WISMmB i9oi Wmmmi
OCZA1T TBAVEL. ;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
H|^^ "Wharf, San Francisco:
VSrS^W. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
Mgffcg'S"'*. Oct. 3. S. 13, IS. 23. 23, Nov. 2.
ivSTLStftlra Change to company'3 steamers
§£jJ2fjS VeM at Seattle. ; .
' ESaiCiisSjl' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
"i £ WB "«3§B!g| c ->» Port Townsend. Seattle.
\u25a0SjjjgljJS Tacoma. Everett and New
"\u25a0"\u25a0* Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3. S. 13, 18, 23. 23, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. - -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4, 9, 14. 19. 24, 29. Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Keles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa. Barbara, . Ven-
tUTa. Haeneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro and
•Newport ("Corona only)— Steamer Corona, 9 a.
m.. Saturday, Nov. 2, and every Saturday
thereafter. Steamer Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain the company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing:.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. 8t N. CO.
Only Stenmnlilpt Lino *e»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST BJVTES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUSS BKRTHud MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. ..Oct. 23, Not. 4. 14 24
SS. GEO. W. ELDER....,
• ....Sails Oct. SO. Not..».U,»
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt-.l Montgm'y. 3. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at I p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOXG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of saillncr.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 18. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December H, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market street, corner First. • .
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
MXW TORX. 80CTHAMPT05. L0XD05. TAXtX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a.m.
Friesland ,...Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 87
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec 4
St. Paul Nov. 20 St. Paul ...Dec 11
RED STAR LINE.
N*w York and Antweru.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. SiHaverford, .Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. 13 *ZeeIand Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. 20lFrlesland .......Dec U
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican.. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
LOA Oct. 261PALENA .......Not 23
PERU ...Nov. 9ICOLOMBIA ....Dec! 1
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
tNo changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
oceanic s.s.co, ss&s%sr
ZZ DtKECrUNETOTAHITt.
B -, s - SO^OMA. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Oct. zL 3 n m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ....... .I.?'.. f"
S.' S.'"ALAMEDA,"for H^tata.V..!** M *" "*
Saturday. Nov. 2. a*p."*in.
J. I. ffSBEU k BHOS. CO., etwai Agents, 327 itoW «
W\ Paaengsf Oifin, W Martat St, Pier Ix 7. Btih 8
PANAMA R,R. 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, U05; Steerage, JW; Meals Free.
S. «>. Leelanaw sails Wednesday, Oct. 30
6. 8. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sail*
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPASHIS OEXEHILS TBAN3ATLA5TIQ0»
DIRECT UNO TO HAVRE-PARIS. mj^
galling every Thursday Instead of «rwSf5l
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier i2, ».iWg'i3
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, Hi and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific CoaM
Agents, s Montffomery avenue. San FrancUa*.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Airenta.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YAllEJQ
Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Bun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. ?;30 p. m? P Lavw
Vailejo 7 a. m.. 12:3d noon. ( p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. <!l5 p. m? FareM
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
l^^a^^Tvl^ 3 ™^^ 1XVIGORA.
The most wonderful aphrodlalao and Special -
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both Mxes
The Mexican Remedy for DIkum of the Kid.
n«y« and^Bladder. Sells on It. own merit*
- NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
ta Market »t.. 8. F.-<S«nd f or OtrfuUrO
POLITICAL.
* « « FOR , . 0 .
MAYOR,
JOSEPHS.TOBIN
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR
P.BQLAND,
Democratic Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
•\u25a0•\u25a0•• . . (Incumbent) - ' \u25a0 \u25a0
: ' \u25a0 \u25a0" ' *- ' \u25a0 • \u25a0 . \u25a0 *• :\u25a0 ~ '• \u25a0
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST/VTE/WEINT
OF THE^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— op the: —
London Assurance
Corporation
" (INCORPORATED A.D. 1720)
OP LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for the
year ending; on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ..$1,990,973 73
Cash In Company's Office 1,479 04
Cash in Banks. ...N 233,419 87
Interest due and accrued ' on all
Stocks and Loans 5,583 59
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion : J0L267 22
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 132 73
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 14.514 SI
Total Assets .12,447,677 OS
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,801 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 61.306 00
Losses resisted, Including; expenses.. 17,700 00
Gross premiums on Fire , Risks run- . •.:•\u25a0
nine; one year or less; $610,792 63;
reinsurance 50 per cent 305,396 35
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year,' $S80,-
801.13; reinsurance pro rata 436,523 85
Gros3 Premiums on Marine Tim* -
Risks, $ .*..; reinsurance GO
per cent S5.SSS 13
Amount reclalmable by the 'Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance- pol-
icies 174 80
All other liabilities _.. 18.405 20
• Total Liabilities .$1,033,687 33
« INCOME. • '
Net cash actually received for. Firs
premiums — $354,630 35
Net cash actually received for Ma-
- rlne premiums 343.505 54
Received for Interest, and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 72,515 26
Received from all other sources 2,845 29
Total Income .$1,J7S,49S 04
\u25a0 >. : . - EXPENDITURES. 1 7
Net amount paid for Firs Losses
\u25a0 (including $ losses of pre- - . > :
vlous years) $515,852 65
Net amount paid for . Marine Losses ,
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 193,75125
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •. 201.725 17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... SS 627 S3
Paid for State. National and Looal
taxe» K 579 12
All other payments and expenditures 62,301 CS
. Total Expenditures $1.106,838 90
Losses incurred during: the year.'.... $721,343 45
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of -Risks ~
written during; the
year IU1.S34.574 $1,061 847 Co
Net amount of Risks \u2666*."»•• »*7 TO
expired - during; the
year 1U.064.61S 187 »i u
Net. amount ta force •".«\u25a0 IS
December M. 1900.. 183.099,811 1,4)]. 777 13
\u25a0 \u25a0 ,' MartneRisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
written during the -
N.?\VounYof'R..k. • WWMn -WMai.
expired during; the .
NeTImoVint" in 'force W ' W *' 8 " «M«I4
December IL 1900.. 6.80UM Kim jj
Subscribed aSd^r^bSo^mFSil
day of January. 1901. ' EMIL ?Re!vkex.
- Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME STi,
San Francisco.
GEO. F. GRANT - - Manager.
POLITICAL.
* - . . . p . j ' .
HON. SAMUEL M. -
SHORTRIDGE
Will Discass the Issaes
of the. Campaign
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
TO-MORROW,
Saturday Evening.
.,.- \u25a0\u25a0-• :\u25a0,.— •- v /v' ..":•\u25a0' ..-.
' -V .-•;.: M. Ll ASHBR,
. Chairman Republican Campaign Committee.
P. H. PRENDEROAST, Secretary.
?* : . ' ' \u25a0 .\u25a0 • • • .
FOR MAYOR,
Hill
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee.
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
VIM, VIGOR; vfTALITY for MEN
JKg^iini MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
S&Xam ISn have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
irarat&CflBl Mormon Church and their
BBMnftSHaBH followers. Positively cure the
\u25a0uH'/lni worst cases in old and youn*
wt>ftAV tSm arising from effects of self-
T^nmfnafSB abuse, dissipation, excesses or
«nu&^D7 cigarette-smoking. Cure Loit
WB9^3?J • Manhood, Impotency, Lo*t
wSSBr Power, Night Loaaeu, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lams Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mim Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *3 » ' V0U8 Twitchin» ot
Eyelids, Effects are Sm^rm Jnimedlate, Im-
part vigor and pote CBNT9 ncy t0 every func-
tion. Don't set despondent; a cure la at hana.
Ilcstore nmall. undeveloped orgrans. Stimulate
the brain and. nerve centers; 60c a box: « for
92-60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular* free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis it..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 88
and 40 Third st. , . •
I DR.PIERCE5 t
GOLDEN
; .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.' MEDICAL • .v; ' \u25a0
DISCOVERY
FOR THE : .
BLOOD,LIVER.LUNGS.
iyiany
Our store has gradually increased the size of the hat department
—the stock now represents almost every sort of hat worn by
men or boys. We have fully demonstrated that men rather prefer
coming to a clothing store for their hats when they can save twenty-
; five percent. .:%,,*.! ;':«£?/
Among the values responsible for the growth of this deoart-
.ment is our ooc hat. It .comes in Derbys, Fedoras, Crushers, Al-
pines and Graecos. m all the colors found in the expensive hats -
! The satisfaction you get in wearing one of these hats is when
you find that it wears as .well as any $1.59 hat you ever saw.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. "
718 Market Street.Australia Gets Away on Time for Tahiti, While the Sonoma
Leaves During the Afternoon for^Hawaii, Samoa, New Zea
land and Australia— La Gironde May Be Salved by Owners
OCEANIC'S FAST MAIL FLIERS
SAIL FOR THE SOUTHERN SEAS
Jury Sustains Craig Will.
A jury in Judse Coffey's court yesterday
sustained the -^ill made by Eva F. Craig:,
who left her property, valued at JSCOO, to
Samuel P. .Bodwell, with whom she re
sided for several years. The will was con
tested by Mrs. Craig's father. J. P. Mc-
Murray. who sought to prove that tho
will had been made by his daughter un
der undue influence and that she waa ot
unsound, mind. . .
The Original Little Beneficencia Publica
Company of oan Francisco. Organized
September, 1893. Drawing October
24. 19O1.
No. 59014 wins $7300, sold In Grass Valley.
Cat.; No. 53407 wins 12500, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. 777 wins $1250. sold In San
Francisco. Cal.: Nos. 2316. 2643. 5916, 59300 and
72255 each win $123. sold In Oakland. San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles, Cal. •
October 24. 190L
The time ball was not dropped to-day. Mech
anism out of order. J. T. McMILLAN.
Nautical Expert. In charge.
Salving the La Gironde.
Xhe steamer Samoa, \u25a0which passed here
lasi; Wednesday evening 1 , has Instructions
to tow the schooner La Gironde off the
beach at San Nicholas Island and bring
her to San Francisco.
On October 14 the La Gironde left San
Pectro for San Francisco. At S:30 p. m.,
during a dense fog," she went on ; San
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day,' except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the .United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
HONOLULU— To sail Oct 15— Schr; Irene, for
Fairhaven. ' -, t / "
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 24— Schr Jen
nie Thelin, . hence Oct 3; schr General Banning,
hence Oct 11; schr San Buenaventura, hence
Oct 12.
-_;. FOREIGN PORTS. ! * V :.;"
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 23— Chll bktn Alta,
from Port Natal.- .
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Oct 22— Jap
stmr Toza Maru, from Seattle; prior to Oct 23
— Stmr Tacoma, from Tacoma.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Oct 10— Ger stmr
Herodot, from Hamburg, for San Francisco. .
COLON— Sailed. Oct 22— Stmr Allianca, for
New York; arrived — Stmr Finance, from New
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 23— Ger Bhlp
Nereus, ' from • Oregon.
LIMERICK— Arrived Oct - 23— Br. ship Eura
sia, : hence June 10. •
OCEAN STEAMERS. *.v -j;:,- r
\u25a0 NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 24— L'Aqultalne, for
Havre: -KoeniKin Lulse, ' for Bremen, via
Southampton. .: . , ...
\u25a0BOSTON— Arrived ! Oct 24— Saxonla, from.
Liverpool.' . '•\u25a0 \u25a0 .
HALIFAX— Arrived Oct 24— Carthaginian,
from Glasgow and Liverpool, : via St. John's,
N. F., for Philadelphia. ' ' • -\u25a0\u25a0- -\u25a0•', :'
NAPLES— Arrived Oct , 24— Hohenzollern.
from New York, for Genoa.
LONDON— Arrived Oct' 24— Marquette, from
New York. . '
Sailed Oct 24— Mesaba, for New York.
- GLASGOW— Sailed Oct 23— Livonlan, for Bos
°ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 24— Nederland. for
Philadelphia. 't.. -^. '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 24— Majestic,
from Liverpool, for New York.
BROW HEAD— Passed Oct 24— Stmr Bovlc,
from New York, for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 24— Stmr La Bretagne.
from New -York, for Havre.- " :
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Rotterdam, for Boulogne
Sur Mer and New York. • \u25a0 - .
MARSEILLES— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Vic
toria, from New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver, via Shanghai, Naga
saki and Yokohama. - •
. LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr New Eng
land, for Queenstown 'and Boston; stmr Tuni
sian, for Quebec and Montreal. . . ' •
Time Ball.
Branch HyarogTaphic Office, u. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaL.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Oct 1 24— Schr . Net
tle Sundbore, hence Oct 23 (in tow Btmr
Acme.)
\u25a0 SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr. ' Rainier,
rrenco Oct 20; stmr Portland, from Nome."- -
Sailed Oct 23^ — Stmr Farallon, for- Lynn
Arrived Oct 24^-Stmr Portland, from Nome;
stmr Elihu Thomson, from Nome. _ \u25a0- .- \u25a0
Sailed Oct 23^ — Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Al-Kl. for Skar^ay;
stmr Humboldt. for Skagway.
NOME— Sailed Oct 10-Schr Abble M Deer
ine for Seattle.. \u25a0-> \u25a0 . .. \u25a0/;'.'-;!
In port Oct 11— Schr Nellie G. Thurston.
DUTCH '\u25a0 HARBOR— Sailed Oct 14— U S stmr
Bear for Port Townsend.
In pert Oct 14-^ S stmr Thetis; U S stmr
Manning. V V . ••\u25a0•',
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 24— Br shbs Barfll
lan and Thornliebank, from Santa Rosalia. ,
Sailed Oct 24— Bark Kate Davenport, for San
Francisco; Br stmr Sutherland, for Shanghai.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco; Btmr Mlneola, for
Nanalmo. \u25a0; . .\u25a0 .. .
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 24— Stmr Luella,
from Bowens Landing, for San Francisco; stmr
Iaqua. from Eureka, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr ' Coronado,
for / San Francisco.".; -:< r
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights | of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 25.
Sun rises .' 6:27
Sun sets 5:19
Moon sets .............4:01 a. m.
iTime Time • Time - Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
1L W H W „ L W H W
25 "..1 2:52 1.3 9:18 5.8 3:34 0.2 10:12 5.0
26 ...j 3:36 1.4 9:54 6.1 4:18 —0.4 11:10 5.1
27 ... " 4:18 1.7 10:25 6.3 5:08 —0.8
H W L W H W L W
28 .. 0:06 6.1 5:00 i 2.0 11:14 6.4 5:59—1.1
29... 1:00 5.1 5:45 2.4 11:56 6.3 6:48—1.1
30 ... 1:56 5.0 6:34 2.7 12:45 6.2 7:41 —1.0
31 .. 2:56 4.9 7:30 2.9 1:36 6.0 8:39 -0.7
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship Dunfermline was cleared
yesterday for Liverpool with a general cargo
valued at $335,441. The cargo consisted of the
following merchandise and produce: 22.4S5 ctls
wheat, 65,201 cs salmon, 31,878 cs canned fruit,
115 cs canned asparagus, 383,507 lbs orchil la,
195 cs honey, COO gals wine, 11,250 lbs cascara
taerada, 21,000 ft lumber.
Merchandise for Pacific Islands.
The brig J. D. Spreckels was cleared yester
day for Guam with merchandise for Ponape,
Marianne Islands, valued at $7078 and for Guam
$5275. The cargo including the following:
For Ponape-;-72.654 ft lumber, 44 bdls shingles,
6435 pes 32 pkgs mill work, 38 cs 88 pkgs hard
ware, 12 pkgs paints and oils, 16 pkga building
material. 2 cs arms, 2 cs whisky, 12 cs wine,
5 cs dry goods, 116 cs canned goods, 39 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 5 pkgs machinery, 5
pkgs willow ware, 12 kegs powder. 1 cs fuse,
3 bales bags, 20,000 lbs cement. 100 lbs coffee,
527 lbs beans, 2 cV drugs, 6 cs 29 kegs nails,
64S6 lbs bread, 20 crs potatoes, 10 crs onions,
4200 lbs mlllstuffs, 12 crs stoves.
For Guam— 110 cs bread, 1000 srals coal oil.
419 cs canned goods, 8 cs boots and shoes, 4
crs bicycles, 13 cs drugs. 6 t:s dry goods, 12
pkgs millwork. 25 pkgs building material, 130
pkgs hardware, 6 pkgs paints and oils, 100 cs
soap, 170 pkgs eroceries and provisions. 2000
lbs sugar, 12 kegs powder, 4 cs cheese.
The Argyll's Cargo.
The steamer Argyll was cleared Wednesday
for Panama \u25a0with merchandise for New York
valued at $135,627; England, $1450; United States
of Colombia, $72S; Kingston, Jamaica, $30. The
principal shipments to New York were as fol
lows: 232,44$ gals 2 cs wine, 50 gals brandy,
47.S02 rbs hops, 24,925 lbs dry hides, 112,500 lbs
wool. 138,974 lbs tallow, 20,000 ctls barley, 764
sks horns. 100,040 lbs copper matte, 98,228 Ids
beans. 4085 lbs beeswax, 250,440 lbs asphaltum,
1250 cs salmon, 151 bales junk, 2 cs dry gvods,
1 i>kK machinery.
NEWS OF _THE OCEAN.
blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship British Isles is chartered
for wheat or barley to Europe, 31s 3d— a further
decline. The Hereford was chartered prior to
arrival to load wheat to Europe, 37s 6d, and not
lumber as previously reported. The Kona was
chartered iTior to arrival for lumber at Che
mainus for Valparaiso for orders, 48s 9d; the
Endeavor, same at Eureka for Manila, 55s.
The British bark Santa will load salmon on
Ftaser River for London, 42s 6d. If Liverpool,
41s 9d, option of wheat at Tacoma, 40s, char
tered prior to arrival. The British ship Carned
Llewelyn Is free, her reported engagement be
inir an error.
SAILING OF THE SONOMA.
Australasian Mail Steamship Takes
Away Many Passengers.
The Oceanic steamship Company's So
ncma got away for the Southern Seas
early yesterday afternoon. She was de
layed several hours owing to the non
arrival of the English mall, but was well
on her way at 3 p. m.
Those who went away in the first cabin
wure:
Vrtr Honolulu— Rev. W. Ault, Dr. R. W. An
derson, J. H. Bahrenburg, B. K. Balrd, Sister
Beatrice. Professor H. Berger, Miss H. C.
Brown, Miss A. Butterfield. J. E. Byrne, Mrs.
Byrne, A. \V. Carter, Mrs. Carter, Mrs. J.'O.
Carter. Miss M. X. Carter, Miss S. M. Carter,
tieorge E. Copeland, M. R. Counter, G. Da
mon, Mrs. K. E. Damon, H. M. Denison. J.
H. Drew. Mrs. Drew, \v. C. Emory, Mrs.
Eracry, P. J. Farley, Mrs. A. Foss and child,
Mi-s. Fra^ier. Miss Frazier, J. R. Fulton, A.
GETtley, H. T. Gilbert, Mrs. Mary Hader, Ed
gar Halstead. Mrs. R. Halstead. Miss F.
Hs.ndy. Mrs. T. H. Hanna and child, Mrs. F.
E. Harvey, TV. L. Hooper. Judge A. S. Hum
phries, Mrs. Humnhries and child, C. J.
Hutchins, G. H. Irby, Mrs. Ives and child,
H. D. Johnson. J. W. Keystone. Mrs. A. H.
Lackland, Mrs. G. P. Laulnger. A. Lewis Jr.,
W. J. Lowrie, Mrs. Lowrie, Miss C. Lowrie,
Master W. J. Lowrie Jr.. R. C. Lydecker, C.
W. Max-f a rlane, Mrs. | Macf arlane, Walter Mac
farlane. G. S. McKenzie, Miss McKenzie. D.
Mouritz. Guy Owens. Miss Amy Owens, C. A.
Parker, Mrs. M. E. Pearson, A. Robinson,
John M. Ross, F. Rudolph, Mrs. Rudolph, W.
H. Scott, Mrs. L. E. Thayer, Rev. J. TJsborne.
Mic. liEborne, Right Rev. Bishop Willis, A. A.
Young and Mrs. Mary J. Young.
1'a.go Pago — Mrs. J. G. Myers, Captain B. F.
Tilley. Mrs. Tilley and N. J. Weaver.
Auckland— Rev. Fr. Ainsworth, G. Ander
eon, Mrs. Anderson. A. Bell, Miss E. Brown,
Miss G. TV. A. Gibson. Miss E. B. Hilton.
Mis. I. Kennedy. Mrs. E. Kllgour. George H.
Lambson. Rev. Father Lane, J. A. Marshall
ani 6. B. Turner. -
Sydney— Otto von Bermuth, Thomas Blundell,
W. E. Carlisle. W. J. Carlisle, T. W T . Gentry.
N. GuthridKe, Mrs. Guthrldgre, Alfred Harney,
P. B. Hoadley. Th«ma» Horsfleld. Mrs. J. K.
Inirlis. Miss Inglis, Miss Kennedy. W. B.
Leyland, Mrs. Leyland, A. L. Lion, Mrs. Lion,
D. B. MAcMillan. A. S. Mann. Mrs. Mann.
Rev. W. <S. Marsh, Mrs. Marph. Miss Marsh,
n. S. Mile*. Captain E. H. Patterson. J. E.
Pendleton, W. Peter. Mrs. Peter. Infant and
rns.id. Miss Peter, J. CftReiff. Mrs. Relff. E.
IU:h, D. H. Ross, Mrs.«3. B. Sutton. William
Vallentine, TV. G. Voliva, Mrs. Vollva, Mrs.
H. J. Ward and child, A. Yairer, Mrs. Yager,
A. B. Tager and John Young.
To join at Honolulu for Sydney — W- B. Ellis,
W. W. Funge Jr., C. W. Whittle and Mrs,
Whittle and child.
Those In the second cabin were:
For Honolulu — J. Abadie, Mrs. Abadi<».
George H. Arnold, J. M. Bright, F.- G. Clark,
W. F. Dale, Mrs. B. Dale. W. J. Drummond,
Mii'S E. French, A. K. Harford. H. L. Hart,
Mi« J- N. Henry. A. K.' Lewis, Mrs. Lewis
pnd child. Mrs. J. G. LoiHr. Gustave Mauer,
B. McFarlane. Mrs. E. F. de Merritt. E. Pea
bocy. C. K. Qulnn. A. F. Sardinha.. Mrs. Sar
dinha, J. T. Servell. Mrs. H. S. Tabor, Miss
H Tabor. John Wright and Mrs. Wrieht.
Auckland— G. H. Anderson. George Cowley.
F T. Flinder. A. T. Godfrey. Mrs. Godfrey
enc two children. J. W. Linford, H. F. Myers,
A. W. Tiffany. Vv\ J. Wilson and W. T. Wit-
Svdney— Mrs G. A. Baker, Thomas Blundell,
A. W. Campbell. H. P. Coneer. W. Gairns, J.
H. Hamp, MIfs M. Looney. D. MacCallum. II.
R. M. MacCallum. A. Munster. G. R. Parkes,
A C Uees M. Rooney. Mrs. Rooney, Miss J.
lifK.ney, Miss T. Rocney, E. F. Sutton, Mrs.
Button. Miss Sutton. A. Thompson. Mrs.
Thompson and child. O. Thompson. Mrs. B.
R. Youns and Miss Younff.
Captain B. F. Tilley is going to Pago
Pairo to meet the charges brought against
him by the missionaries.
N. J. Weaver, who has more specula
tive Irons in the fire than any other man
alive, is going to Samoa on a colonization
scheme.
Jjdge Humphries is going back to Ho
nolulu to resume his Judicial office. He
\u25a0won out in the fight with the Hawaiian
bar and goes home jubilant.
Water Front Notes.
The Austrian steamer Alberta is again
in first class condition. AH her repairs
were 'made in the stream and she was not
delayed an hour. She will now load wheat
for Europe.
The British steamer Victoria, now at
the Risdon, has been completely over
hauled and will go baek into commission
to-morrow. ; .- .
The Titania is . to have a general over
hauling here. The question troubling un
ion merr on therf rowf-ls -whether this .ves
sel is owned In San Francisco or Norway.
The brig John D. Spreckels sailed for
Guam yesterday with a large general
cargo.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
new liner Spokane will run excursions on
the coast during: the winter. She was
built for the Alaskan route, but was de
layed in construction because of th-3
strike. . -
Captain Henry Bingham, the well
known stevedore, was back on the front
yesterday. He broke his leg on the Mail
dock some weeks aero.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, Thursday, October 24.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 50 hours from Re
dondo. " •
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City. • ..
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 38 hours from
San Dieso.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 22 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen,' 59 hours from
Victoria and-Pueet Sound ports.-- •-- •,*:
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 26 hours from Eu-
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
> Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way r>orts.
Br ship Largiemore, Spencer, 120 days from
Antwerp.
Brig Blakeley, Meyer, IS days from New
Whatcom.
Schr Bella, Janssen, 11 days from Sluslaw.
Schr Rio Rey, Hagrernah, 3 days from Sea
View Landing.
Schr S Danielson, Nelson, 20 hours \ from
Point Arena, in tow of stmr Luella.
Schr Newark. Cranjjle, 20 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 24.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, for Tahiti. J. D
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, for Nanaimo, Pa
cific Improvement Cdmpany.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, for Eureka, Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp, for Sydney
and Honolulu, J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, for Astoria, Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, for Eureka, tho
Charles Nelson Co.
Br shin Dunfermline, Woodward, for Liver
pool, Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Brig John D Snreckels, McNeill, for Guam
and the Caroline Islands, Western. Commercial
Company.
SAILED. • '
Thursday, October 24.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, for Tahiti. '-
Stmr Gualala. Genereaux, .
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, for Tacoma.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, for San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork. Fosen, for Eureka.
Btmr Pomona, Shea, for Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. .
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendorp, for Sydney
and Honolulu.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, for Fort
Bragg.
Tug Geo R Vosbersr, Zoll, with barge C II
Wheeler in tow.
Barge C II Wheeler, in tow of the tug Geo It
Vosberc.
. Bktn John Smith, Wick, for Port Blakeley.
. Brig John D Spreckels, McNeill, Guam.
; Schr Rosamond. Johnson, for Honolulu.
Schr A B Johnson, Segelhorst, for Grays
Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC. /\u25a0
POINT LOBOS. Oct 24, 10 pm —Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 16 miles per hour
SPOKEN.
Sept 3— Lat 30 N, Ion 20 W, Br ship Flint
shir^ from Swansea for San Francisco.
Per stmr Iaqua— Oct 24, 25 miles NW of Point
Reyes, schr Reporter, from Fairhaven, for San
Francisco.
Per Br ship Largiemore— On Sept 1 m lat 63
S, Ion 78 W, spoke Fr bark Admiral de Cornu
lier, from Liverpool for Portland, Or: all well
MISCELLANEOUS.
NAGASAKI, Oct 24— Ger ship Robert Rick
rners, on which_ 50 per cent reinsurance waa
being paid, arrived here to-day from Phila
delphia.
LONDON, Oct 24— Br stmr Ventnor. pre
viously reported having put Into Yokohama
damaged, has been docked to have her bottom
examined. Has sustained extensive damage *
several plates bent- or broken. The cost of
repairs is estimated at £3000 and will take five
weeks of continuous work.
DOMESTIC • PORTS.
HILO— Sailed Sept 12— Bark Amy Turner, for
San Francisco; schr Eva, for Eureka \u25a0/
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct j 24— Stmr' Rival
for San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco. / j .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Chico
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Chlco
for San Francisco. «
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 24— Schrs Fortuna.
hence Oct 16; Amethyst, hence Oct 17, and
Eva; from Hllo. \u25a0 -•
Sailed Oct 24-Stmra Signal and Westport
for San Francisco. '
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr St Denis,
for Ensenada. ...
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Ful
ton, hence Oct 21, and sailed Oct 23 for Port
land. Or. " . .
\u25a0 EUREKA— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Noyo, for San
Francisco. \u25a0' \u25a0
Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Eureka, hence Oct 21
NEAH BAY-Passed Oct 24-Schr Commerce',
hence Oct 11, for Blakeley; Ger bark LlsbetH
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. '
• Passed In Oct 24— Bark Highland Light
hence Oct 5, for Tacoma; Br ship Galena from
Callao, tor Pu^et Sound. .
\u25a0Passed out Oct 24— Stmr Matteawan from
Tacoma, for San Francisco; : schr Challenger
from Port Hadlock, for San Francisco; Chll
ship Othello., from i Port Blakeley, for Valpa
raiso. • \u25a0\u25a0 " '
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Santa
Barbara, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oct 24— Stmr
-Portland, from Nome, for Seattle; Br stmr
Wycfteld, hence Oct 20,- for Tacoma; stmr Par
alien, from Seattle, for Lynn -Canal; stmr
Elihu Thomson, from Nome, for Seattle. Sailed
outward— Schr Challeneer, for San Francisco;
Chil bark Othello, . from Port • Blakeley, for
Valparalso. ' .
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 23— Schr
Maryetta, hence Oet - 18. . . <- .
Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Acme, hence Oct 23.
Arrived Oct 24— Schr \u25a0 Ocean Spray, hence
Oct 23. . ' .
TWO mall steamships of the Oce
anic line sailed yesterday. The
Australia got away for Tahiti at
10:30 a. m., while the Sonoma for
Australasia did not sail uatil 2:30
p. m. The latter vessel was to have left
at 10 a. m., but owing to a delay in the
arrival of the British mail it was nearly
five hours later before she got away.
The Australia took away quite a large
caigo and the following passengers: S.
E. R. de Smidt, John Brander, D. At
vater. M. Kurka, I. E. Thayer, Captain
Porter. H. Walker, Rgv. Father B. Hons
siy, R. T. Rolp and M. Graff e.
Mr. Thayer is the South Sea represen
tative of the Bureau Veritas. while Cap
tain Porter is well known In wrecking cir
e'es. From Papeete they will go to Man
ga. Reva and attempt to get the British
ship Pyrenees out of the reef-bound har
bor in which she was run ashore.
The Pyrenees left San Francisco with a
cjirgo of wheat for Europe. When three
weeks out the grain was found to be
heated. The captain headed for Pitcalrn,
but found no place there on which he
could beach his vessel. A pilot was se
cured from among the descendants of the
mutineers of the Bounty, however, and
the burning vessel was sailed for the So
ciety group. She was beached at Manga
Reva and later the captain and crew
cEiue to San Francisco. The wreck was
scld here, but the owners would not con
firm the sale, and Captain Thayer and his
associates are now going to try to float
the vessel.
Nicholas Island at the only point where
there is a shelving beach. The crew re
fused to remain with the vessel and went
with the captain to San Pedro, where
they spread the news of the derelict. ,
A wrecking crew was at once formed
in San Pedro and when Captain Griff and
his men arrived on the steam schooner
Acme they found the wreckers in posses
sion. Captain Griff went back to San Pe
dro and telegraphed the situation to the
owners, with the that the Samoa
will tow the vessel off and leave the ques
tion of salvage to arbitration. The Lc#
Gironde is one of the best known schoon
ers that comes to this port.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OWNED SCHOONER LA GIRONDE ON THE
BEACH AT SAX NICHOLAS ISLAND. THE STEAM SCHOONER SA
MOA WILL. ATTEMPT TO TOW HER OFF.
Steamer. 1 \ From. | Due. '
Noyo.... Humboldt .jOct. 25
Iaqua Humboldt [Oct. 25
S'th Portland.. Seattle ' |Oct. fci
Czarina beuttle and Tacoma...|Oct. 2j
Coronado San Pedro jOct. 25
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 25
Newburg San Pedro Oct. 25
Kraplre .:-... Coos' Bay ....'... Oct. 2S
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay.. Ocl. 26
Titania. Nanalmo |Oct. 2S
G. \V. Klder... Portland & Astoria.... |Ocu '11
San Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 21
j-uinuim Humboldt ' Oct. 27
Matteawan.... Taconia Oct. 27
Edith Seattle Oct. 28
Maria .' Nanaimo Oct. 28
Sequoia Humboldt . t ...... Oct. 28
Klvat Willapa HaS-bor / Oct. 28
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. 28
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 28
KU1.-KU.... ... Humboldt Oct. 29
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay Oct. -29
Curacao.. Mexican Ports Oct. 2a
Gaelic China and Japan Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 29
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor ...Oct. 29
coronu Redondo & Way Ports Oct. "9
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. »u
Alameda Honolulu' Oct. 3d
Kalnier Seattle & N. Whatcom Oct. 31
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma Oct. 31
hania Kosa ' San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. SI
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ISalls.l Pier.
. i |
October 25. I I " '
Mandalay.... Coquille River 5 pmjPler 2
North Fork.. Humboldt a am | Pier 2
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier «4
October 2U.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Thyra.... China and Japan Pier 27
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier i
iuuifka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm|Pler 2
Loa Valparaiso & Way 12 mlPier 10
Xoyo ...Humboldt ....; 5 pmjPier 2
Coronado..... Seattle direct ..:... 5 pm Pier 2
October 27. |
Anryll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pmlPler 3S
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am | Pier 2
Alliance Portland & C. Bay S amjPler —
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
October 28.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
San Juan Panama & 'Way Pts 12 m PMSS
City Puebla.. Pug«-t Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 20.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma, 5 pm Pier S
Pomona Humbolilt l;3l> plPler »
J October 3O. 1 •
Arcata c. Bay & Pt Orrord 10 am|Pier 13
American — Honolulu \u25a0....|Pler20
Leelanaw./.. n. Y. via Panama. 2 pm|Pier 33
G. \v. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 31.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ...'. 5 pm Pier 2
CityofPekin China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Sequoia Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Corona Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Rival Willapa Harbor 12 m 5th St.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. . Du».
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 25
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 26
Dlr| go I Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 31
THIS SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FliiDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
charts. The plane of 'reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | . THE" EMPORITTM." | THE EMPORIUM. |. THE EMPORIUM.
| Best Butter 44c WMW* WMP®M%Ml$M $3.50WoHh r $2.43 |
ii Our best Creamery, regular size squares, the But- f$a ragi g^j \u25a0JH*"ill» j*^ «1>E> Pg liyp Jwrag On* dozen Cabinet Photos and one Brom'd: 5*
ff ttr that has made the Big Store's Grocery De- P*^^ \u25a0 j IFt^i. j^r^JiLir n| Enlargement, regularly $3.50; until Novem- j*
I partment famous; to-day only, square..^^ C c^ IF0RNlA . s LARQESr^EWC/JToSSD^STORE bcr Ist fiH"'' $ 2 '*3 $
gt- Superior goods cheap every day in the week in the Big Store. You 5
I will find our Merchandise to be exactly as advertised. When you have re- 5
g ceived at your home any purchases made here, and, having carefully examined them, do not feel fully satisfied, j
}C tring the articles back at once and get your money without question or comment. J
I Bargain Friday Clothing Sale; ; Combination Suits— |
I Also Saturday. Great Values. |
i \~ ' The splendid of- The largest and . most <5
I Xj>- -J^ ferings for to-day «?O completely stocked Un- X«| |
\ T*T i m^T and to-morrow in jjf derwear and Hosiery De- ftf"-!? 2
» : k*/ Rjf/ • -the Clothing Depart- , W**M) P artment fn San- Francis- JST^jf J
5 ment will enable _/^ T\ co, offers some out-of- /Cn^CT\ |
£ A /Y V^^ZJvtV purchasers to save / V' V \\ .the - ordinary, values in/ l\ |
* 7 ' • H /I fr 7 ; \' at Ieast - 2 * Percent JL il\ Ladies .: and. Children's , K\\
$ / v I i \/ • \ on their Winter Suits ( CNmilfep ) Combination Suits; these \ mm Jy \u25a0) $
I LA •' •LVLaAv- Overcoats. N^^ ll (w/:are-- the /proper garments \u25a011*^5
$ \Au! JL-J lirVA ' \u25a0 'our care- f \\ for comfort, health .and, / \ j
£ \]^j\r^\jixL 7 / fully vvorded de- [ l v l by reason of their good- j \ • g
{ iWI '.\u25a0.with the / \ . / I wear ing qualities,] V I $
5 "\u25a0 V 7' T/l iS^A S9 ods thernselves, , \ \u25a0..,-. v j economy: ,....,;.. : . \ /- |
1 A I A J flC-^ and we think you \ I Ladies' Union Svits— Heavy -fleece- \ / £
It 1 |\. A V aJI n Wi'l agree With US \ / l'ned cotton, buttoned scrcss chest, 1 /
t£ III \^i^ V i that these are the \ * / per'ect fitting, best possible finish, /I / *x
i AW IIITl'^J best CWthing tar- I, Sfc™ " ° it "" 5©C \ T I
H I \ \ \w "\\W gains obtainable in \ \ / rJ . „ "I" ' \\ I *2
K 1 \ \ / 1 Tu,v f« /^o,,. \ / Ladies' Union Suits— Extra heavy VJ In £
* M V /nVW 1 this City tO-day: \ Wl flecce^ed real" Maco cotton, but- W / *
M&L**A\' ~°^~ \ Aw \l\ II toned across the chest or down the /_}*{ S
•* /U^-yk^ VAlf -«J^ Men ' s Overcoats $9.45— ' U front j ecru color only; suit.. 75© '5
| « Wt~~^ "K r of h a f ™* W- WU-wil mixed, V ||
*{ v7 special purchase; , the ma- npn-shrinkable, Oneita or Florence make, colors natural and cream, a splen- •*
J 'terials are kersrys, b^ack, blue and . brown, and Ox.ord gray cheviots; they dld value 5 P er smt -- \u25a0 \u25a0/ • • •. • • $1.QO >
ti are lined with extra heavy farmers satin or serge, the sleeves with silk; Ladies' Two-Thirds Wool Union Suils^ — Buttoned across chest, these suits are *%
J» workmanship ot the very best; special Friday and Saturday jftoflfil JB.1% made of carefully selected wool, m'xed. with one-third Egyptian cotton, %
•? only ......'.. mp%2m^W"£r co'ors. natural and white; suit. '. .J .............. .$1*75 X
| Men's Suits $ll.4S— Easily worth §15.00, an exceptionally fine assortment to Ladies' Pure Australian Lamb's Wool Union Svits— Buttoned down in front, g
t£ choose from; fancy worsteds, blue and black cheviots, Oxfords and new perfection in fit, finish znd wearing qualities, colors natural, cream and black, *
5 fancy mixtures, in all of the tatest co'orings; greens, browns and grays; the sult •• :•- ". .'. §2*75 x
fc ° com are sing'e breasted, round cut, sack styled with the broad shoulders now Ladies' Heavy Australian ' Lamb's Wool Union Suit — Winter weight, the eels- «J
j» a in vogue; tie suits were manufactured to sell for $i 5.00;' d*if'g SS EH brated Ypsilanti make, full fashioned, form fitting, hand finished; last sea- X
, JC - the Big Store's special pjice for Friday and Saturday. . . . •\u25a0 **^B'*9. son's price for these su ; ts was 54-5°> we offer them now in natural, cream 'x
; g Men's Pants— The $5.00 kind; special. ...... .\u25a0'. .;. . $2m63 or black at - • • • • \ \ r - \u25a0"' $3.75 $
I Days' $4.00 School Suits $2.48-All-wool fabrics;" new greens, gray, tans, '^^if^^S^^^TS^^^^^^^^^ '%
§ blues and other color combinations; in fact, the correct materials for fall and « ats > P crfcct fitnn g> ncat "nish, natural color, suit 5Oc g
«{ winter wear; double-breasted coat and knee pants; sizes for boys 8 to 16 Children's Hall- Wool Union Suits— Buttoned across chest, drop seats; the Me!ba "x
\u25a0 % years; manufactured to s-11 at $4.00; specially marked for d**% JH£% m&ei color, natural. Suit. ; $f m OO J
j JC Friday and Saturday only v . e O'%9 _ , , 1 — . jjj
§ Boys' $7.50 Suits $4.65 — Handsome Three-Piece Suits, made of all-wool blue ff&£B»gmf%m& «3# JFhlhnBxJ M~*lf Eb—Sa+e* $
i serge, cut in the latest style; double-breasted vest, round-cut coat and knee *\u25a0*****«*»» «*« f*UUU* tTBoiil ET'mS&m *
% pants; well-made and we 1-trimmed Suits for boys 9- to .1 5 . years; manufac- \ Bright NSW GDOtlS, All Widths* 3*
j* tured to sell at 57.50; reduced' for special sale Friday and g*/M QtZ Commencing to-^ay we offer our entire stock of best quality, double- 5
K Saturday only *p-Y***+* face(^ all . silk) cor d- e dge Satin Ribbons at About Hall Regular Prices. We $
*>° \u25a0 . have them in all widths from 1^ to .5 inches. This deep price-cut is made
§» 4*0, b m " flTi jf 4, "cC»» «^^^» «»_ b : because color assortment is broken, but the lot contains just such shades as are *X
V - {jBOaR SJegSarUnSena %»peCiaffS needed for pillow ruffles and holiday fancy work: £
$ Friday and Saturday Only. W^^^^^^^^i^^^^^^ii^ 1^ ? I
t£ . . "^ \u25a0 ' , 2 i^-inch, 25c quality, /4c.y»i 5-mch, 50c quality, 29c yard *
$5.00 SilK and French Flannel Waists, $3. 95—Assorted .- \u25a0' 3 -inch, 30c quality, 17 q yard : %
i£- lot df new fine Waists in the best' J 5.00 sty'e3 of the preient S^^^§^k ' ' ' • / J5
*i" season* made of good A'.l-Silk Taff.-ta or fine French Fianne!, '^S^^^' \u25a0 . -. • ... .*!
;i z^*$ s :^**:r::^ $3.95 W' Dress Goods Remnant SaBe. I
I I' - ' . " \u25a0 ; *»'« Lengths in the Lot. |
j g cfthcargersizss; colors tan, castor and black. These are not ; I \ j 2 OO Or ITlOre Black and Colored DfeSS Goods ReiTl- X
S> in oerfjet condition, but the imperfections are slight and barea ns S A , « - . '. \u25a0 , -.' \u25a0 - j , , _
• $ simply enormous. Friday and Saturday only . «§£? 4V4B Jl * (K nantsnave again accumulated on our tables and coun- x
> g • mp&mWUl /Lg n \u2666 er .-. Of course, they, were reduced in price as soon $
S\V alterations at this price. JkM | 4^ as they became Remnants,, but to husile them out of J
* $20 to $43 Thrce-Qvarter Coats, $14.95— One of^them W 1 ] the -wavVto-day we shall take on>quartcr oil the already 5
*• like picture. They are very fine imported *Model Coats: all are / • . \ »U^.«.J1.» !«.» * ».»:<.«. iiv \u25ba« c J j 'f ; j «
• J s-ightiy soiw, but very 'siightiy; were Originally from s*o to $ 45 / ! \ aDswclly low prices. Albatross, Sinped and Figured $
, 1 each— your choice while the lot lasts.... &fl^£ QP£ L^ \^^^\ Waistings, Serges, Cheviots, Henriettas, Venetian^, \
i I ' »^'M^'b^^"$i^^N^r?»d totf^ic. . j^fJHiB^ll- ; Prunel:: , as ' P °P lins > Golf Skirtings; in fact, all of this |
mB:ouse,jackct and Eton eff^, in auth=. newest and fi n: st/^TOj|;Hr.UW^ season s most popular fabrics, will be found in thn.g
\u25a0 K au-wooi cloths; co:h and satin-bind trimm=d ; aii sizes and x^^^^^S^ lot. The peces are long enough for waists, skirts, *
i $ e^.*{7™!^..^.$19. : 50 W^^k children's dresses, and even a few suit lengths for 5
i S ••\u25a0• ; : — . , • growr-'.ip folks. • $
I Millinery Bargains Flannel Sale To-Day Only One-Quarter Off. I
g Friday and Saturday. For Friday Only. ' ' |
' 9t Another of our emi- Two lines cf very desirable RannVs, both v _' "_ *»«.-#«# 90+ *. X
IC <!^^^^^. ncntly successful Fiiday strictly all wool, to-day at a big reduction from SMS&CntgaffliTiOn &ttti %0niHit*Gtl 'S GO&iSa X
«? \u25a0-f^^'L^kL- an<^ Saturday Millinery r-gu'ar price ; gf% »_ # «_ _# # t% &
'" * {$V£SS$^\- sa ' es " This time & Lot /-Real Bal'ard Va'e choice White GhSCKertSOardS 18Cm A. A'.\ - Wool Grctch.-n *
t$ \3SW$& ]Vclvct Hats for Rannel, ex ra wide, finest woo', a __ A eood strone fe^ Coat-For. chi'dren I z X
r $ ydaSS&T $5.75S **& $1-7 S socvaue, Friday cny, y,rl. .... 3 GC '^^^^^^ - M°M «d 3 years ot age, coors j{
X V2^ yif *W/ Camp's Hair Hats f.r Lot Wrapper and Waistng M^^W^Ktfj: board » covered w!th «&=££ b.ue, ten an 1 red, lull line, X
1 *° % 1. W $125. These are Fiannd, all woo', plaids and stripes, _._•. fe^M : m?» i eath er colored raoer /^W\ g - f° ?'' Y **' X
. « \Tj thc^is: a 4 ocvauc,Frida y P only, yard... 27 C JJTjBlj. «U» kathcr-colored paper, A ( *T\\ «pec»l price J
5? All -Velvet Hsh— faWTw? mLFm furnished with check- Ik I \ ..... &<9mltU s
5* t-u D i cturf! tiimmed \u25a0-» mm- 'X***X% CHfil *' .. . I <.4d 1} ' * XT I Chi.dren S Ntw Melton X
3 I with iCb-a't Tnd Best Of LltgUOrS. • y|TO {UT« « M d *o w;lh dice W V Coat-Box back, bra^d -J
' J ful velvet bow on hair, a ' tt*2»«sf nt g*B*l£*g»<S KWO \%I&C$ CUP t0 P " ay Ba ° k " Y^ ' \u25a0 \ ed S" s . and s « ms » bu «°n J
F | very dressy hat, that can- fip% - LCaS f OW \u25a0^^M^W^ gammon; ccmplete, A f"T VTT\ tr . mm *|; A*" 4 £ ° 6 > »5
tf not be dup Seated Lt less Cutter Al Whisky — A favorite brand @ to-day enly /« ft > '" H \ prIce % 3 ' 73; ag=i to «
- K than $8.oo reguarly. Spe- . gMpJm in San Francisco, special to-day ......... 18C . "> %fj " to X 4» ,j«
t 8> cial to-day ani Saturda/. .. A gg50&J'JMR ' • 70- . • • - WCI ** P. Um . _. „ -J
\ *» . vSk^M£&a%! * mHQ fjJD Cl ldren's Fine Kersey S
S *£ \\\\\\\V.$5'75 -TgWJjggm GoedBurffundy-Five years old, regularly ani T>1»1# RfnfliG V2f t=^WL^' ' \u25a0 Ct * t - St0l ™ ; C u ° L ' ar aad '?
t $1.75 Ready-tc-Wcar W^^W cheapa:7 S c per gallon, social to-day. S4o * UiOinS M*Gm . «=f-^\jfT ct.65, new box Wk, ,g » .jj
: f| Hats $1.25-A Cimel's P, fine Brandy-6 years old, Caiforn-a Grape Thh .\ of *?* now-and-th« of^rings ~ 4 to 6, pnee SpSfl; X
. $ Hair Hat, just .ike phture, ' VJ ' Brandy, .egularlj |i. 00 per bott!e, sp.-cbl • for by. thnfty shopper,. -Tray -Cloths 8 to ,10, $5.75, I* to 14, $7.25. J
a jf with fancy silk, draps and y«^Mw * to-day 7Ot* 'are 18x27 inches," a nice quality of linen, e;thcr ' : : — _ \u25a0 g
H large quill, stitched brim, n s >ci \ '" V'pi!' Vt-u-' "»"i"i'\ stamped or unstamped; the stamped cms are in r : \u25a0\u25a0 : __.\u25a0 • X
• « bound with ve:vet, to-day " \ t\ 7^1 It tt* V H^'." 8 ?-' P«tty designs, in large varied, wfll be' CupS Sttd SaUCCrS 2
\ &r.:r:T^*:::::$i.25 W?BMMmMmM 1: * G in special $aie. I
e I Toy Tea Sets, Yacht Caps 14*. Water Colors $1.75 Th^ Sp^SS fkzm<n *
| Special To-Day. ** C (°- Beck ' j SSS^^^S>' ; S
' tf A large lot ot prcttiy decorated China Tea . , , Mr. C. D. Beck, • thi ce'ebrated water-colcr ttey have de.icat: — j^?r „-«
r Jf Sets, just received from Europe, that were m xtur=s, an navs — . |^g>^«^a<iL^pSy artist, will be in bur Art Department,"" second flower de'eorations in m'Sr X
M bought to sell at 75c, have been marked spe- '/\u25a0leather visors, a splen- I^n j^xj^j floor, to-morrow (Saturday) from' I to '\u25a0$ p. pink, bloc or lavender and gold eJges; they 2
If cial for Friday on'y, complete set jq*m 'did 25c va'ue regularly V. .m. executing his famous water-color paint- are much bitter than usual barg3 : ns at our jf
• ti - of 17 pices.. .; TrOC — special Friday on'y. . C • ]^L • ings, wh'ch*- are on sale for $1. 75 each. regular price of $3.00 a dozen — an extraor-
. *' A Hn: — Tea Sets like th"s will cost a most , .. ym v^^^^^^v. . Tn«e .ittle gems of art are 3j£*5%i inches, dinar/ w'n: at to-day's special _ _ \u25a0•
1 ¥\u25a0 double at Chthtmas t'me. '. • , ItM? ' * ' and are on mounts 7^x9^ inches. rrice, set of six £*%J D "<J
• ** •.•«'' \u25a0' « ' ' ',\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 ' : . ' \u25a0 ' : - « " : \u25a0 v ' ' ' *FRIDAY.. J OCTOBER 25, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
itlttn ill Ccamc&latiou to W. .8. LEASE, Htuger.
MAJf ACER'S OFFICE . ...... .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICES;.. Market and Tbtrd, 9.F.
Telephone Press 201. \u25a0 '
EDITORIAX. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
OellTered by Carrier", 15 Cent* Per Week.
! \u25a0 Slnsrle Copies. B Cents.
Terms l»r Mall. Including Fostaset .
OAXLT CALI> (including Sunday), ono year.... ft.M
DAILT CAUL (Including Eurday), I months. .'. |,09
DAILY CALL (includlce Sunday). S i-onth« 1.59
DAILT CALI^— Br Single Month 6So
jTOMDAT CALU On* Tear... 1.60
WEEKLY CALU On* Tear 1.00
All postmasters are anthorlced to reoeir©
' sobncriptlons. • «
Sunpl* coplM will be # forwarfied irhea requested.
KaH \u25a0cbscribers In ordering chance of afldr#«s should b«
•crUenlar to cire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Incur* a. prompt and correct compliance with tbelr requeat.
o AKXAXD OFFICE . 77777777. .... 1X18 ; . Broadway
C. GEORGE XCROGXKSS.
Ktuger Foreign Advertising, Hargaetts Building, Chicago.
(Lens DlEtaac* Telepnon* "Central 2619.") i '
\u25a0 . ' ' .
KXW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C, CAHLTO5. .Herald Square
S . KEW TORK REPRESENTATTVB:
•TErnEJC II. SMITH ...3O Tribune Building;
»* ' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ' . . .
Sherman Hcraze: P. O. Neva Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tmooat House; Auditorium HoteL
NETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wtidcrf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano, Si Union Square;
Morray Hill Hotel. , . .' :
.WASHIJTGTO?r CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .14O0 G St.. IT. W.
BIORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent. \u25a0
BRAKCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, epen
until S-.S0 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAIllEter, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
• :» o'clock. 19 U Mission, open cntll 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
.corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
entll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, ".open until 9 o'clock.
2100 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
A determined effort is being made in a New York
court to break the will of Millionaire Cruger on the
ground that he was insane. The most conclusive evi
dence of his insanity yet produced is that he drank
absinthe. . ;
Some' Chicago'enthusiasts- have decided to provide
homes for the stray and tramp cats and dogs of the
city. There appears to be absolutely nothing to de
termine the limit of nonsense to which residents of
the Windy City will go. '"•; '} .
Despite the fact that the opposition is too weak to
put up a fight the Republicans^ oMowa are making
a lively canvass. It is evidently their intention that v
the walkover shall not bV anything less dignified than
a triumphal procession with the flags Jying and the
bands playing.
One of the amusing things of the time is the effort
now being made by the free traders to distort Mc-
Kinley's last speech into a declaration against the pol
icy of protection to American industry. As an exhi
bition of gall it beats the attempts of. the Bryanites
to represent Lincoln as a supporter of Bryanism.
It attacked and insulted and suggested the murder
of President McKinley because of the policy of his
administration. Now that President Roosevelt, is
carrying out that exact policy to the letter, why, if
it were right before in cartooning Vice President
Roosevelt as a grinning effigy and utterer of non
sense, docs it not continue to do so? The Examiner
is very illogically justifying itself in doing what' it
dare not continue to do, and the intended praise it
gets from "The Gizzard," "Guzzle" and "Hee Haw"
is of no value whatever as an indorsement of a course
that it has been compelled to abandon.
Naturally it expects to resume its old ways at the
old stand, when its scare is over, but at present it
has seen a ghost just as it blasphemed, and it will
not dare swear again for a long time. •
But Mr. Hearst cannot vicariously plead what hap
pened in a campaign as justification of what he did
after the campaign was oxter. Nor will such plea,
though cunningly made, deceive the people who have
determined that his style of journalism shall receive
no further encouragement.
There is no offset in the practice of the Republican
press to the Examiner's cartoons of the President as
a 'negro minstrel, as the weak tool of robbers, as a
pupil of Fagin, as the enemy and hater of the. com
mon people. Nor is there any such offset to the.Ex
aminer's indorsement of the assassination of .rulers
and Presidents, and its almost daily suggestion that
the murder of President McKinley would beneficially
change history.
Of course that paper relies on the brevity of mem
ory, but that its reliance is not very strong is shown
by its ceasing to print the line of insulting pictures
which it had prepared. If it were doing right in its
own estimation and in that of its defenders,
"The Gizzard," "Guzzle" and ."Hee Haw" organs
of obscurity, why does it not continue the course out
of which it was kicked by the country's indignation?
IT would be amusing if it were not, after a sort,
pitiful to see the Examiner's daily and painful
plea of justification in its anarchical assaults on
President McKinley. The Hearst papers having been
repudiated by the reputable press and people of the
United Slates, the Examiner hails with delight any
comfort that it can get from the most obscure press.
Sq- it daily prints its own praises from the "Weekly
Gizzard," the "Lone Canyon Guzzle" and "Dry Creek
Hce Haw." These sheets generally hark back to
what Republican papers said about Mr. Bryan when
he was a candidate to justify Hearst's persistent in
sults of William McKinley after he was President and
the campaign was over. In 1896 and in 1900" the
campaign cartoons of the Republican and Democratic
press were fair offsets. No one objects to exhibiting
them side by side as samples of party zeal and Amer
ican campaign enthusiasm, or even of partisan, bad
taste.
THE EXAMINER'S JUSTIFICATION.
Special ; Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CHpping Bureau (Allen's), BIO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. , *
Yale is^having-a great. deal of glory and jubilation
in the celebration of her two hundredth (anniversary,
but not until the football season is over will we know
what rank she holds as an American university.
Tpwnsend'a California glace fruits, 50c &
pound,' in" Are-etched boxes or Jap, bas
kets. A.nlee present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street, Palace Hotel building. •
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1839 Polk. •
A Philadelphia swain shook hands, with his sweet
heart the other day. and broke every bone in her hand.
He'rnust be a> candidate for some office'and was prac
ticing, a campaign shake. ;;^ 7 „ •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's,*
Choice candies.' Tonwsend's, Palace' Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
. A Chicago student who has been caught stealing
says that; theft has a wonderful fascination for him.
It is very .evident that he intends to take his post
graduate course in a. penitentiary. ; . ,;
A New York swain has , applied for* a divorce on
the, ground that he married his sweetheart's mother
by mistake. It certainly will be a horrifying case. of
mother-in-law if the young man secures his divorce
and weds the true object of his affections. I •'.
Stanchvaijd stalwart Republicans are not going to
vUe"the yellow dog ticket for Supervisors that was
nominated at the dictation of the Democratic railroad
bosses. Burke and Herrin had better return^ to doing
politics in their own party or else stick to corporation
work.- . \u25a0 v '\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0 •'\u25a0 '-'.\u25a0:•'•\u25a0. : - • ..-.-\u25a0\u25a0 • . .
It is worth noting that while some people in this
country are advocating free trade as a remedy for
trusts, there are just about as niany in Great Britain
who assert that the only way to put a check upon the
giant trusts of that country will be to set up. a pro
tective tariff for the preservation of home industries.
THE American Cattle-Growers' Association held
its convention in Denver last March and at
tended to many important things which concern
the cattle-growers of the country. Among these was
provision for the drafting of a bill to protect the pub
lic range from further destruction by leasing it, under
proper restrictions, to the stock men who are now
destroying it by using it in common. The National
Livestock Association-was already committed to this
policy by its action at Fort Worth, which its conven
tion at Salt Lake last January refused to change or
disturb. This leasehold protection of the range is the
most important question now before \u25a0 the livestock
men of the country, and its importance, to meat con
sumers and the public is hardly less. .......
Apparently the Livestock Association regards this
policy as practically assured, and in its next meeting,
which will be held in Chicago on December 3, will
address itself to other interesting subjects. ' Among
these is a Federal inspection and tagging of woolen
goods so as. to identify pure wool from shoddy, and
admixtures. The grazing of forest reservations will
be discussed, and we hope decided adversely to such
injurious use of the water sources of the arid region.
The existence and eradication of poisonous plants on
the ranges will be discussed. The convention might
well consider also • non-poisonous plants which
threaten to occupy the range, to the exclusion of
forage plants of greater value. The Russian thistle
has already invaded the Colorado range. Some oats
were brought from Dakota to feed mules working on
an irrigation ditch in Eastern Colorado. The oats
were mixed. with thistle seed, and that plant is now
traveling rapidly to Southern Colorado, and when, it
reaches the line of the Santa Fe Railway its transmis
sion to- California will be rapid. Stock men disagree
as to its economic value on the range. : Cattle eat.lt
readily, but we believe its food value has not been
carefully compared with that of the plants it dis
places. There is.no difference of opinion about its
injury to agriculture, and its invasion of the rich bot
tom lands of the Arkansas River at Rocky Ford and
La Junta is rousing the most painful anxiety. among
the farmers.
The convention will also ask for an annual Federal
census of livestock, the result to be compiled and
published within ninety days by. the, Department of
Agriculture. This is intended to do for the livestock
industry what the department crop report does for the
agriculture of the country. A second Assistant Sec-.
THE LIVESTOCK MEN.
"Mrs. Nextdoor makes her husband give
her his winnings, too, und then she gives
the'money to me,* and I hand her what
my ; husband; won from hers, and so we
both have about twice as much money as
we could get out of them otherwise."—
New York Weekly.
Mother (anxiously)— I am told that your
husband plays 1 poker every night at the
club— plays for money, too,
Married Daughter— That's all right, ITe
gives me all his winnings "
"What? Dp you— — "
"And he always plays with Mr. Next
door."
"What difference can that make?"
Casey^— Phwat's it for? Phy, yez great
Ignoramus, yez, that's phwere th' power
comes f rum t' kape'th* falls Bupplold wid
wather.— Puck.
Casey— There's th' big power house yez
molght have hear-rd av. , \
Kelly— An' phwat's it for?
"Do you think they have, as a rule, the
temperament for dealing with abstruse
legal questions?" ; , ;
,. "I don't know about that. But X will
say that if Henrietta was on the 'bench
we wouldn't be puzzled by these dissent
ing opinions."— Washington Star, •
"It woud simplify matters a good deal,"
eald Mr. Meekton, "if women were al
lowed to hold office." »
"Yes," said the deaf man, gently, ad
dressing the other passengers, '-'that's the
tenth man within an hour that's told me
It was a hot day,"— Tid-Bits. •*
"Excuse me, I'm somewhat deaf and
hardly" caught your meaning.. What did
you say?"
"I say it's a hot day!" shouted the fat
man, getting red in the face as every one
in the omnibus looked up.
. "Ah, yes; how much must you pay?
Three pence is the fare."
. Whereupon the corpulent individual said
some strong words under his breath and
got out of the vehicle.
"Hot day," said a stout man to a fel
low passenger In a crowded omnibus.
"Eh?" said the other.
"Hot day," said the first, somewhat
louder.
Mrs. ,New Wed (in lears)— Oh, George,
I'm'so glad you've come. You must go
for the doctor at once/ I'm sure' some
thing serious Is the matter with baby.
Mr. New Wed— Why, what makes you
think so? Has he symptoms of croup,
whooping cough, measles —
Mrs. New Wed— Oh, no, no; something
more serious, I'm sure. He hasn't cried
to-day.— Town and Century.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Since there has been so much talk of Roosevelt as
"our young President" one of those men who Relight
in snubbing public opinion has published the records
to show that Roosevelt is a year older than the Em
peror of Germany, twelve years older than the Czar
of Russia, ten years older than the King of Italy,
twenty-two years older than the Queen of the Nether
lands and twenty-eight years older than the King
of Spain. In fact, about the only way we can make
a 3'outhfuPshbwing for our President is to compare
him with the Pope.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Metropolitan— K. L. Parrott of San Diego,
H. W. Hill of Los Angeles, G. B. Morgan
of Oakland.
Calif ornians in "Washington.
Two years ago at about this time of the year Sir
Redvers Buller was for a while. the pride and boast
of the British people. He was proudly pointed to as
the typical British officer. The stories of his martial
youth were told, and the prediction was made that he
would return from South Africa with victory and get
a peerage. In his leave-taking of the Queen he told
her the war would be troublesome but it' would not
be long. He announced a little later that he would
take his Christmas dinner in Pretoria. All that was
only "two years ago. Now another Christmas is ap
proaching. The good Queen is dead. The war goes
on and Buller disappears beneath the waters of
oblivion, shipwrecked by a squall so petty that no one
knows what caused it.
PERHAPS the world will never learn the secret
causes that led up to the dismissal of Sir Red
vers Buller from the British army. The expla
nation thus far furnished is hardly .sufficient to sat
isfy the public mind. It is but a short time since the
general was appointed to command one of the corps
of the reorganized army. The appointment gave'rise
to a great deal of discontent, but it was taken as a
proof that Buller's conduct during the time. of his
command in South Africa was approved by the War
Office. Then the general made a speech in which' he
admitted having advised the surrender of Ladysmith.
Straightway there arose a clamor, and out of the up
roar has come the announcement that Buller is dis
missed. He was given a chance to resign, but refused
to do so. .He preferred to die fighting, as it were,
and goes out under the condemnation of the very
men who) but a short time ago honored him with
high command. ' <
The British War Office must have knownthat Bul
ler had advised the surrender of, Ladysmith. It is
hardly credible that so important a message from the
commander, of the relieving army to the commander
of the besieged force could have been kept secret
from the military authorities. Consequently the only
thing in his speech that could have startled the War
Office was the publicity given to. the truth. He is
dismissed, therefore, not for what he did or left un
done, but for what he said. It was a case of talking
too much.
"It is just" at this point that curiosity arises." Why
should a general who is deemed worthy to command
one of the corps of the army be dismissed for a mere
indiscretion of speech? With such : a question to an
swer it is not strange that rumor should be busy with
conjecture. One story already, telegraphed from
£,ondon is to the effect that Buller falls a victim to
"petticoat politics." It is said that Lady Roberts has
been for.a long time camped on ( his trail, and that she
at last has been" able to make Lord" Roberts demand
his dismissal. That story does not appeal very
strongly to reasonable people, but until a better
theory is advanced it will doubtless be made to serve
with the gossips as an, explanation of the collapse of
Buller. " . . ' x .
DISMISSAL OF BULLER.
SABBATH AND SUNDAY-r-Constant
Reader, Vallejo. Sabbath is Hebrew and
means rest. Dr. Scharff says that with
the Hebrews it commenced on Friday
evening and continued until the following
Saturday evening. The great majority of
Christians celebrate the first day of the
week instead of Sabbath, the seventh. The
word Sunday does not occur in the Bible'
ANSWERS— F. L., City. This depart
ment does not undertake to answer on a
particular day questions sent to it. An
swers are obtained as soon as possible
and are printed in regular order as soon
as space will permit. Those who desire
an Immediate answer should inclose a
&elf-addressed and stamped envelope.
• MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS— G.. Lodl, Cal.
There have been published In a number of
periodicals during the past five years
many articles on municipal ownership of
utilities. These may be traced by con
sulting the cumulative indent of Period
ical Literature.
THE SUCCESSION— I., Cazadero, Cal.
The question as to succession in ease of
the death of the President and the Vice
President of the United States was an
swered at length in this department on
the 17th of September, 1901.
Mr. Charles E. Smith,
300 Grand Ave. , CblC * S °'lH.
SUPERSCRIPTION-Reader,. City. The
superscription on an envelope should al
ways be punctuated. As for instance:
OPEN PLUMBING— C. C. P.,. City.
There is no law of the State or ordinance
of the city that calls for open plumbing
in a house nor that prohibits the encasing
of a bathtub with wood.
• TO MAKE ENTRY— W., City. An un
married woman over the age of 21 years
has the right under the United States
laws to make a homestead entry.
THE CALL-F. L., City. For the in
formation desired about The Call this de
partment respectfully refers you to the
business manager of the paper.
HOMESTEAD RIGHT— W., City. Under
the laws of the United States the home
stead right cannot be devised away from
the widow or minor children.
IS MARRIED-C. C. P., City. Richard
Jose, the singer, is married.
and there Is no record of the tlm« when
Sunday or the first day of the week began
to be generally used by Christians as a
stated weekly time for religious meetings.
SUPERNACULUM— Subscriber. City.
Supernaculum Is Latin for. "upon tho
nail" and means that the wine Is so good
that the drinker leaves only enough In his
glass to make a bead on his nail. The
French say of first-class wine "Fait rubia
sur l'ongle" (It Is fit to make a ruby on
the nail), referring to the residue which
is only sufficient to make a drop on the
nail. Tom Nash says: "After a man has
drunk his glass it -Is usual in the North
to turn the glass upside down and let a
drop fall on the thumb nail. If tho drop
rolls off the drinker Is obliged to fill up
and drink again."
TOMATO— Subscriber, City. A decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States
has fixed the status of the tomato. "Veg
etables are such things," Is stated In the
decision, "as are eaten after the soup and
fish, along with the meats, while . fruits
are eaten after the meats as dessert.
Therefore because tomatoes are eaten
after the soup and fish.' along with the
meats, they are vegetables." This was In
a case reported In the Supreme Court Re
porter, volume XIII, in a case where a
collector of customs demanded duty for
tomatoes on the ground that such were
vegetables, while the importer claimed
that they were fruit.
LANGUAGE— E. M. G., Lower Lake,
Cal. An American who desires to travel
through Europe will not find much diffi
culty in making himself understood If ha
speaks only English, but if He can mas
ter the French tongue he will never be at
a loss to find those who will understand
him. In view of the recent events which,
have brought the Americans In closer
touch with the Spanish-speaking 1 people,
it is possible that an American who de
sires to study a foreign languag« to help
him in business would do well to study
Spanish. Statistics show the following In
regard to European languages spoken:
English 111.000,000, French 61,200.000. Ger
man 75,200,000, Italian 33,400,000. Spanish,
42,800,000, Portuguese 13,000,000, Russian 73,
flOO.OOO.
SUMMER RATES In effect at Hotel del Coro
nado' until December l. picket to Coronado
and return. Including: 15 days' board and room,
$60. Inquire at 4 New Montgomery it.
. The report that the Sultan of Turkey arranged for
the capture of Miss Stone for the purpose of extort
ing a ransom to repay the money he had to give to
the United States in payment for injuries done during
the Armenian troubles is ingenious, but there are very
few people who will accept it as a really good histori
cal romance.
T. Manchester of Dawson is at the Lick.
CD. Hazzard, a mjntng man of Qulncy,
Cal., is at the Occidental/
\u25a0 S. S. Hawley, a wealthy planter of
Guatemala, is at the Occidental.' -.
A. C. Bingham, the well known banker
of Marysvllle, is a guest at the Palace.
Ex-Lieutenant Governor William Jeter
is up from Santa Cruz and is staying at
the Palace.
W. P. Prlsk, a newspaper proprietor of
Grass 'Valley, is spending a few days 'at
the Occidental.
Colonel William Forsyth, an extensive
raisin grower of Fresno, is among the ar
rivals at thft Occidental. :
H. R. McNoble, a well known attorney
of Stockton and grand orator of the Na
tive Sons, is at the Grand.
J. R. Foster, proprietor" of the Western
Hotel of Marysville, is in the city on busi
ness and is staying at the Lick.
. Robert Graham and George B. Robbina,
both connected with the Armour Fruit
Car Service, are up from Los Angeles and
are staying at the Palace. .
Jafel Llndeberg/and A. W. Kittlestone,
two of the first mine owners of Nome,
arrived here yesterday from, the north
and are staying at the Palace.
.Ramon Carral, Governor of the Federal
District of Mexico; General F. Canedo of
the State of Sinaloa, and Luis Velasco,
general manager of the largest lumber
concern in Sonora, are visiting this city
and expect to remain here several days.
KAISER WILHELM II is a flrst
class yachtsman and handles sheet
and tiller with experience and
smartness. "When on board he
likes to be at the helm, nor does
he allow any one else to steer even the
gig when he is in it. As a matter of fact
the imperial yacht is really no yacht at
all, but a cruiser, a good-sized man-ofr
war, and is larger than the gigantic iron
clad Koenig\\Vilhelm, the pride of the
fatherland's fleet. She carries eight quick-
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
man navy. Though primarily intended as
a pleasure boat, her warlike attributes
are due to the fact that the Reichstag, on
being asked to pay for her, only agreed to
the outlay on the understanding that she
should be capable in time of war of flying
the imperial ' eagle in the line of battle
ships.
The crew of- the vessel consists of 330 of
ficers and men. The imperial apartments
are furnished -with lavish magnificence.
The dinfng-room will seat eighty guests,
and silver brocade, the walls- being 1 cov
ered with tapestry in the same colors. Tho
furniture is of maple wood and the beau
tiful fireplace is composed of marble and
nickel. The Emperor's bedroom is re
markable for its magnificent aluminum,
bedstead, hung with dove-eolored aatln.
The Empress' bedroom is also a fine
apartment and contains a nickel bedstead,
with hangings of gray eatln. On th« up
per deck la one of the Emperor's work
rooms, which Is supplied with, a telescope,
nautical books and the ship's log.
WJLLIAM II IN YACHTING COSTUME AND THE IMPERIAL TAf HT HOHENZOL-L^TRN. THIS VESSEL, A VERT
FORMIDABLE LOOKING PLEASURE CRAFT, IS REALLY A GOOD SIZED MAN-OF-WAR AND ONE OP THE
SPEEDIEST SHIPS IN GERMANY'S NAVY.
firing Krupp guns. She Is a double-screw
craft, with eight boilers, and is faster
than almost any other vessel in the Ger-
although by a clever arrangement of por
tieres it can be reduced in size. The fa
mous blue saloon is upholstered In biue
""•It will' be renumbered that .the 'men who\nomi
nated Mr. Schmitz did so during the excitement at
tending the labor strikes, and that the" movement was
an outcome of a discontent with the use of the police
to preserve- the peace. If that candidate be elected
the agitators, the demagogues and all the disturbing
elements of the community will undoubtedly look
upon the result as a victory for themselves and will
be encouraged,, to enter upon new disturbances. It
matters not that Mr. Schmitz himself is a conserva
tive and excellent man. The position he, holds as the
nominee of the class party makes him a representative
of that spirit, and it will be sure to .break out with
renewed turbulence if he be elected. < : ~,
Such being the case it behooves the people of San
Francisco to unite upon erne or the other of the two",
regular candidates. Ordinarily.it would be difficult
to effect such a union, for Republicans do not will
ingly support Democrats ; nor Democrats Republi
cans, but in this instance the choice has been simpli
fied to such a degree that intelligent men will have
no difficulty in making it. The candidate who holds
the Ma3 r oralty nomination on the Republican ticket
is in no sense the choice of the 'Republican party.
His nomination was dictated by the two Democratic
bosses of the Southern Pacific Railroad, Jere Burke
and W. F. Herrin. Of that there is no dispute. In
fact, Mr. Wells himself has frankly admitted seeing
Herrin about nominations for Supervisor, and in
several interviews has spoken of Herrin's control of
the situation quite as a matter of course.
. The statements made by Wells and other facts
brought out since the opening of the campaign have
disgusted not only the independent voters of the city
but thousands of stanch Republicans as well. It
would therefore be useless to attempt. to rally them
to support him against the class candidate. The ut
most that he can do is to hold the vote which is sub
ject to the corporations and their allies among the
political bosses. With all fairness to Mr. Wells it
may be said that whatever personal strength he had
before he was nominated has been lost largely
through his own words and actions since the nomina
tion. He now stands before the people as nothing
more than the nominee of Burke and Herrin.
It is therefore to the Democratic candidate, Mr.
Tobin, that the better elements of the city must look
for- leadership in this fight. Fortunately there is no
party principle nor even a partisan policy involved in
the issue. The most stalwart of Republicans can sup
port Mr. Tobin without in any way giving -even an
implied support to political doctrines opposed to Re
publicanism. The contest is purely local; there is
nothing at stake except the welfare of the city. The
question is the plain and simple one: Shall the peo
ple of San Francisco admit class politics, class an
tagonisms and class prejudices into the municipal ad
ministration?
Mr. Tobin obtained his nomination without making
pledges. He did not seek it. He accepted it only
because he recognized that it was a part of his civic
duty to serve San Francisco if the voters desire him
to do so. He will enter office under obligations to no
set of -bosses 'or corporations. He will fepreseht'no
class nor clique, but the whole community. Thpse
facts are well understood, and- after a careful canvass
of the situation we are assured that theonly man to :
whom the independent vote can be drawn is Mr.
Tobin. Such being the case, we advise Republicans
to support him. It is the only way of making sure of
defeating the class candidate.
AS the municipal campaign progresses it . be
comes more and more evident that if the gen
eral vote of the city be divided between the
Mayoralty candidates of the two regular parties there
is danger the next Mayor of San Francisco will be the^
candidate who was nominated to represent a single
element of the people and the peculiar class spirit by
which that element is for a time at least dominated.
THE DANGEE TO SAN FRANCISCO.
EMPEROR WILLIAM OF GERMANY
IS AN ENTHUSIASTIC YACHTSMAN
retary of Agriculture will be asked for, to have special
charge of the animal industry of the country.:, -... ;
A demand will be made upon Congress for: such
amendment of the interstate commerce law as will
give' 5 the: commission power, to enforce its orders and
decrees. This matter; greatly affects the livestock Un
terest, since it is interstate commerce/and regula
tions for shipment are very vital ,to it. The yarding
and feeding, watering facilities supplied by the trans
portation companies, demurrage charges and many
other matters within the jurisdiction of' the Interstate
Commerce Commission require the. attention of that
body and the power to enforce needful rules and regu
lations. \u25a0 ; . - , V
The-livestock industry was the last of the great in
dustries of the country to organize. Manufactures
and agriculture long preceded it in organization.
But what it lacked in timeliness it has made up in ac
tivity. It has now the National Wool-Growers' and
the American Cattle-Growers' associations.. The first
includes the sheep industry and the second the cattle
interest only. As • these interests are largely non
mergeable, each acts separately for itself in all mat
ters that are not common to both, and the two act
through'" the, National Livestock Association in all
matters that are common. . . .»
The meeting of December 3 will be.concurrent with
the national livestock show in* Chicago, which is one
of the greatest expositions of domestic animals in the
world. It attracts exhibitors and buyers from all the
stock-raising nations. '
We used to go to England for breeding stock in
neat cattle, swine, sheep and horses. Now the tide is
turned. The American herd books show, all over the
United States, the best pure-bred livestock to be
found anywhere, and our flocks and herds are now re
sorted to by European breeders for strains to recruit
their herds.
This annual exposition of livestock at Chicago is
an occasion ,of the greatest interest to American and
foreign breeders and will be the means of attracting
a large attendance to the livestock convention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
6
Central— "The Cotton King."
Grand Opera-house— "The Man From Mexica."
Alcazar — "The Girl in the Barracks."
Columbia— "The Henrietta."- • • -
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California — "A Female Drummer."
Tivoli — "Xorma."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. , . . . - -
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball. ,
Bherman-Clay Hall— Song Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Eutro Baths— Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
McKINLEVS STORY OF
LAST VISIT TO HIS THE COCOS ISLAND
FARM. TREASURE.
DOMESTIC PETS GEMS FROM
BEFORE THE CAMERA. THE CAMEBA CLUB.
SUN-
l \u25a0 At % /jcy
™E. SUMMER "GYM" THE WOMEN OF THE
AT MILLS COLLECE. GBAV OPErX coT^
THE PASSING OF CHINA- THIRD- INSTALLMENT
"TlfigS? BY OF'.GBAUSTA^uS
1HE ARTISTS. of EXCITING INCIDENTS: DETROIT, Oct.. 24.-tAH automobije rec
ords frpm one to ten miles were broken
at'ttie;Grosse<PoInte racetrack to-day < by
•Alexander Wfntpn of. Cfeyeland, who
covered a mile on his blgr racing machine
in 1:06 2-5," lowering: Henri Fournier's rec
ord 2-5 of a second, which the latter made
on the Empire City track October 10. This
mark pf 4:06 2r5 is the" fastest ever; made
oh any track by any manner of vehicle'
The time by miles -follows: 1, 1:66 2-5 f r 2,
2:13 4-5: 8, 3:20 l-5;'4. 4:27 1-5: 6, 5:33 4-5: 6,
6:40 4r5: 7, 7:47 1-5;- 8, 8:54 3r5; 9, 10:01 i-5;
10^U;09. -:-=.. .... \u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0• /.-••.\u25a0.• v^ .
Fast Time on an Automobile.
2:69 class trottlnrr. purse J10QO— Escobar won
the second and third heats in ?:14%, 2:1S%.
Charley Stiles won- tha first heat in 2:15.
Hexham and Pas also started. .
2:18 class pacing/ purse $1000— Dan R won two
straight heats in-2:Q9V4, 2:CS'4i -Fred M, Home
Circle, Joe liea and Hazel Pointer aleo started.
2:06 class pacing, puree flOOO-r-Mazette won
two straight heat* In 2:04«4, 2:04%. . Riley B.
V.'illlam Mac end The Admiral also (started. \u25a0
-1:09 class pacing, to wagon, amateur drivers —
Carlo M won the. flret and third heats in 2:11,
2:10. Saul won the second heat in 2:12. Dan
\Yestland also startpd. . ' \u25a0
2:15 class trotting, to wagon, amateur drlvere
— Major Greer, driven by ex-Mayor Hugh ; J.
Grant of New York, won two straight heats Jn
2:15V4'.' 2:17. defeating Texana." driven I by C. K.
G., Billings of, Chicago., . . •."..•\u25a0,.,
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Oct. 24.— LJttle Boy
did not attempt to lower his world's pac
ing record of 2:02% to a wagon to-day.
Summary: : . ...
Memphis Harness Baces.
Runs responsible for— Altrock • 1. \u25a0 Two-base
hits— McLaughlin, Flood.' . Hemphlll, - JfeUy.*
First base on errors — Los Angeles 3. .First base
on called balls — Los Angele3 4, Sacramento 2.
Left on bases— Los "Angeles > 8, Sacramento 6.
Btruck out=r-By Strlcklett 7, by Altroek 5. Hit
hy pltcher^Kihm. Double play— Strlcklett 1 to
Sullivan to Davis. Passed balls— Sullivan 2.
Tinie of game— 2;00. . Umpire— Levy.
Totals ........ .,,.35 4- 8. 0 »28 . 18 . 8
•Hutchlnson out for Interference. • r
, RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Los Angeles ......... ...0 0 0 0 3 6 0 6 6—8
Base hits ,...1 Ml 12 0 0 0 0—6
Sacramento 0 0200002 0 — 4
- Base hits ,..,..,..00 2 J 0 1 02 1-8
' . -v \u25a0\u25a0: /SUMMARY. 0 \u25a0 y'.r "'\u25a0
. Totals 33 3 6 0 27 10 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b. ....5 2 2 0-4- 2 0
Sheeban, Sb S 10 0 18 1
Courtney, cf 4 0 1-6.0 0 0
Hoffer, rf 4 6 0 0 3 1 0
Davis, lb 8 0 8 0 7 0 0
MaLaughlln, If 4 0 1 0 10 3
Devereaux, s. s 4 0 0 0-2 .10
Sullivan, c 4 0 1 0 8-2 1
Btricklett. p. ...4 1 1 0 6-8 1
; LOS ANGELES, Oct. 24.— Wild throws
( by Altrock and Spies in an effort to
.catch base runners napping gave Sacra
jinento three runs and the game. All of
the locals' runs were the result of a
missed third strike by Sullivan. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BII.SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphlll, If 6 0 10 1 00
Dougherty, rf 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Householder, cf. '.... 3 0 10 3 0 0
Reltz, 2b. Z 10 0 16 0
Klhm.flb. 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Hall, 3b ..4 1 1 0 i 1 o
Kelly, s. \u25a0 * : 0 " \u25a0 1 ' 0 '110
Spies, c. i BOO 0 8 0 1
Altrock, p 3 0 2 0 1 3 1
Hutchlnson ..........1 0 0 0 8 0' 0
Senators Defeat Los Angeles.
On Eastern Race Tracks.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— Worth summary:
First race, six furlongs— John Grigsby won,
Fleetwing second, The j Star- of Bethlehem
th Sec'ond rl rac'e. 1 one"mlle and a quarter-Prince
Blazes won. Deloralne second, Sarllla third.
Third* r^ce, seven furlongs— Luclen Appleby
won, Golden Glitter second, Bragg third. Time,
1# Fourth race, one mile, the Engrlewood handl
cap—Haviland won, Vulcain second. Searcher
third. Time, 1:40. v •
Fifth race. bIx furlongs— Rival Dare won. The
Boer second. Mountebank third. Time, 1:14 3-5.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Amote
won. Ixm Woods second, Dandela third. Time,
1:08 2-5.
BT. LOUIS, Oct. 24.— Fair Grounds sum
mary:
First raee, "tx and a half furlongs, selling—
Rubus won. Sting second. Leflare third. Time,
Second \u25a0 race, one mile and tbree-slxteentha,
gelling— Beana won, Wallabout second, George
Lee third. Time; 2:01%.
Third race, five and a half furlongrs. purse —
Salve won, Dean Swift second. Blue Blazes
third. Time. 1:08, . • .
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse— Crockett won. Winepress Eecond, Ouden
arde third. Time, 1:45%.
Fifth race, I one mile, purse — Glenwood won,
Antolee second. Menace third.. Time. 1:41,'
Sixth race, seven furlongs, > selling — Revoke
won, Prima II eecond. Grantor third. Time,
1:28 2-5.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Morria Park results:
First race, one mile, selling— Potente won.
Lucky Star second, Hammock third. Time,
1:44.
Second race, five furlongs. Belling— Bon Mot
won, BIJou second, Early Eve third. Time,
:57t4. ;
Third race, the Ramipo handicap, one mile
and an eighth— Blues won. Mornlngslde second.
Gold Heels third. Time, l:B4tf, . , \u25a0
Fourth race, tie Fordham handicap, seven
furlongs— Chuctunanda won,' Louisville second,
L*dy of the Valley third. \u25a0 Time. 1:28.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Lamp o'
Lee won. Tour second, Biff third. Time, 1:22.
Sixth race, one mile and; an eighth— Dublin
won. Belle of Troy second, Tom Kenny third.
Time, 1:55%. - ' •
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.-Terry McGovern.
feather-weight champion- of ,the world,
and "Young Corbett" of Denver signed
articles of agreement to-day for a twenty
rqund championship contest, on Thanksr
giving day at Hartford, Conn., before the
Empire Athletic Club. J
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 24.— Governor
Stanley expects to soon bring proceedings
against the' Sheriff and Prosecuting At
torney of Leavenworth County - for per
mitting a prizefight in- Leavenworth last
Tuesday. The last Legislature passed a
,law making prizefighting a felony and
providing for ousting officers who would
\u25a0 not enforce it. I Governor Stanley told the
!Leavenworth officers a month ago what
'they could expect in case they permitted
a flght to take place.
Signing of Articles With
Young Corbett for
. 20-Round Bout;
M'GOVERN WILL
MEET DENVERITE
MRS. KATHERINE TINGLEY
AND THEOSOPHICAL HEAD-,
QUARTERS AT POINT LOMA.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 24.— Creseeus, king
of trotters, broke the world's mile record
for a half-mile track this afternoon ,at the
Kansas City Driving Club's park, going
the distance in 2:09Vi and clipping one
quarter of a. second off the best previous
record of his own, made at at Toleda two
wee'ks ago. He made the new record In
his first trial. The time by quarters-:32%,
1:04%. 1:26%. 2:W*.
TJie track was fast and the weather con
ditions were perfect. Fully 8000 people
witnessed the event. Mike the Tramp
had the pole at the start, but Cresceus
usurped that position at the first turn and
aX the <juarter, which, was made in :32%.
he was in the lead. Every few strides
Murnan would take the runner up and
yell to spur the trotting wonder on.
As they turned into the stretch the first
time around the hundreds of watches in
the crowd showed. he was eoing at a rec
ord-breaking pace, and as the trotter and
galloper pased the half-mile wire In l:Q4Vfe,
a 2:09 clip, the onlookers burst into cheers.
Murnan continued his tactics of pulling
up the running mate and shouting at
Cresceus. The three-quarter pole was
passed in 1:36%. As they reached the
head of the stretch Ketcham was seen to
call upon his horse for the final effort.
The etallion came through the straight
away, moving like so much machinery-
Ketcham did not touch him with the whip,
but urged him on with words of encour
agement. He passed under the wore sev
eral lengths in advance , of Mike the
Tramp. Hundreds of the spectators
caught the time as 2:09%, just as the of
ficial timers did. • \u25a0.'••• :•\u25a0\u25a0
King of Trotters Goes a
Fast Mile on Half-
Mile Track.
CRESCEUS MAKES
A NEW RECORD
Judge Coriklin heard the petition at 2
o'clock and issued the writ, making It re
turnable at 3 p. m. to-morrow. . „
she refused to let him see the children.
He closes by declaring his belief that Mrs.
Tingley is aiding and abetting the con
cealment of . the children.
Tre petitioner then recites that he re
turr.ed to San Diego on the 22d and Imme
diately went to Point Loma and inquired
for his wife and children, but was there
informed by an attendant that the ehil
drer were not there, but were at the San
Diejro branch of the school. Jie came
across to the San Diegro school, where he
fourd Mrs. Tingley, who, he gays, refused
to tiiJk to him. He walked into the house,
fourd his wife and demanded to know
where the children were. He states that
standing, he declares, that he would he
kept informed of the health of hi$ wife
and children, but. although they knew his
address, he asserts, he never heard from
them.
day by John J. Bohn, editor of
the Chicago World, for the release of hts
two children from the headquarters of thq
society.
In his petition Bohn asks to have a writ
Issued for the purpose of bringing his
tire- children, Ralph Maxvrell, aged six
years, and Donald I., aged five years. Into
court. He alleges that the children are
now end have been since the 14th of the
month unlawfully detained at the grounds
Df the Universal Protherhood on Point
Loma or at the branch school on B street
ia this city. The petition states that the
children are the letue of the petitioner
and his wife, Grace G. Bohn: that the pe
titioner is well able to. care* for and sup
port the children, and that he has never
surrendered the care, custody or control
of them. %
Or. October 11 last Mr. and MrB. Bohn
and their children,". according to the peti
tion, visited the grounds of the home
stead on Point Loma, where they became
the guests of Mrs. Katherine Tlngley of
the brotherhood until the lath. On the
15th the petitioner requested his wife to
go lor a drive with, him, but she refused,
saylns she had- decided to remain at the
homestead temporarily. Having some
business to attend to in Los Angeles,
Bohn went to that city with the under-
AN DIEGO, Oct. 24.-The Point
SLoma Theosophlcal Brotherhood
Is made defendant In a habeas
corpus proceeding Instituted to-
Editor of a Chicago Newspaper Institutes Habeas Corpus Proceed
ings in San Diego to Recover Possession of Two Boys Who,
He Asserts, Are Being Unlawfully .Deprived of Their Liberty
FATHER SAYS THEOSOPHISTS
ARE HOLDING HIS CHILDREN
WASPS EASILY
DOWN THE DUDES
Harper Favors the Dutch
and IsGreeted With
Hisses.
Dudes .Try a New Pitcher,
Who Shows Well ia \
the Box.
The German champions triumphed over
Ewing's crippled aggregation yesterday In
a featureless sort- qt. an exhibition of
baseballby a score of 7 -to 4. Umpire
v Harper was tha :reclpient ; o{ a geryerai
storm of hisses from the spectators In tha
grand stand and on the bleachers on sev
eral occasions. The hisses were not un
warranted, either, aa Harper certainly
gave Oakland a few raw, deals, In tho
sixth, with three on bases, Hanson . hit
apparently safe past j second, advancing
I Drennan from first. Harper, fcoweve: 1 ,
; thought differently, for he called Drenr
nan out," though heieasljy beat the ball,
It seems strange, but nevertheless it is a
fact, that Harper always, gives th(9 Bene
dicts the bad end of every close decision.
The Dudea enacted a weird sort of com
edy in the second. The Wasps made but
two scattered hits, but four costly error-a
on the part of their opponents gave them
five runs. After this Dr, Mosklman as
sumed a carelees attitude a~nd made no
serious effort to win his game, Jn the
third three consecutive hits by Rellly,
Whalen and Nordyke gave Uncle Henry's
men another tally. Pabst's two-cushion
swat arid Schwartz's single in the next
round gave the Wasps their seventh and
last mark on the board. u \u25a0> >
After two had been called put. In the
second the Du-es opened up on "Chim
niie" for three singles, netting one run.
A passed ball and a two-bagger by Dren
nan cave the Dudes two in the seventh,
and they made one more on a couple of
hits in the last rqund. . \
\u25a0 ': ''BucH" Francks was' back in the game
after an apsenceof a couple of months. He
received quite an ovation when he took
his place at the bat. Nagle, a tall youth
from Santa Rosa, who has. been doing
amateur stunts all summer, waa given a
tryout in the last two rounds. The Wasps
failed to score a hit off his delivery, whlcn
is fast and steady and full of big curves
and shoots. His ability was scarcely,
given a fair trial, but Nagle has "ajl that
goes to make a fast twirler, and if given
a ehanee will prqbably make good, Th<s
score: \u25a0\u25ba->'.\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 • - ; -.-.-- . .
BAN FRANCISCO,
AB. R. BH.'BB. PQ. A, E.
Nordyke-. c. f 5 18 1 10 1
Wilson, c 4 10 8 t00
Hlldebrand. I. t.,,.,, 5 0 I \u25a0 1 \u25a0 1 6 0
Schwartz, r, t 4-1 0 0 10 0
Pabst, ib..... 3 0 2 .0 8 g 0
Krug. ?b -... j 0-0 0 J 4 0
ghay. s. 9 ,,... 4 1 « 0 4 J o;
Retlly, 8b 4 2 t 0 10 I
Whalen, p J . _» J 0 J -J J>
Totals. ......37 7 9 . '\u25a0 1 ?7 12 2
OAKLAND. • ' •
'\u25a0-'. . AB. R. BH. SB. PO, A. E.
Mohler, Jb.". »• B 0 1 6 8 4 1
Dunleavy, jb. ........ 6 Oil 1 1 2
Babbitt, s. s ,i,4,vl' 1-1 15 0
Francks, r. (.'.:....'.. 4 0 0 0 i 0 0
Easpin, lb 4 0' 1 0 10 0 0
Mosltiman. p 3 1 1 8 8- 9 0
Drennan, e. f,.,.v.... 2 1 S- 8 6 00
Hanson, c. ,..,,.-.... 4 0 1 .0 S 1 J
Hamilton, 1. f. ..,.,,, 40,00 t 10
Nagle, p..... 0 1 0 0 0 0 0
\u2666Lohman •• 1 00 0" 0 0 6
TptBla ,.,.S6 4 8 2 27 14 1
'Batted for Nagle in ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
San Francisco ....,.,...0 5 1 10 8 0 0 0—7
Base hits,, ,...,.,1 2 3 2 0 M 0 0-9
Oakland .....,.; ,.,0 10 0 0 0 8 2 1-4
Base hits.. 0 31 0 0 0 I i 2— S
SUMMARY. .
'Runs responsible for — Whalen 1, Mosklman !.'-
Two-base hits^-PabB^ Drennan. First base on
errors— San Franclaeo 2, Oakland 1. First base
on palled balls— San Francisco 2, Oakland B,
Left on bases — San Francisco 5, Oakland 11.
Struck out— By Whalen 7. by Kpgle 1, by Mns
hlmnn .2. 'Double play— Babbitt to pagan.
Passed halls— Wilson. - Time of • game— 1:50.
Umpire— Harper. \u25a0 Offlclal scorer— H. S. Mcr
Farlin. . . s \u25a0-- ' ' : ._ '\u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
HARAKIRI IS SUCCESSFUU^-Teatlro
Slupzukt. a Japanese, died yesterday in the
City and County Hospital from the effect nf
knife wounds In his abdomen Inflicted by him
oelf on October 30 at the intersection of
Leldesdorff and California streets.
RoanqUe Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get Jt You'll not regret It, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIii FBIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
7
AMITSEMENTS. • *
*TiypLi*
Evenings at 8 Sharp t
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp! . I
LABT TWO WEEKS OP QRAND OPERA.
To-Night, Saturday.
"NORM A."
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee,
"IA BOHEME."
MONDAY. October 2Sth,
GRANP TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTOR
STEINDORFF.
"CARMEN" (Next Weeki. "LA BOHEJIE.".
POPULAR' PRICES— 25c. 60c. 75c.
Telephone. Bush 9. .
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE!
Beaux and Belles, Mignonette Kokin
and the Biograpli. Last times of
Francis Le Page, John Geiger,
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, De
Courcy Brothers, Joe, Buster and
Myra Keaton.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 60c.
i MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY..
TO-NIQHT and . Saturday and Sunday Ev'gs.
The Big Melodramatic -Success.
The COTTON
KING!
-'\u25a0 . Sh the Great Cotton Mill Scene.
nn-fLc Evenlngrs ...,Wc; 15c, 2$e. S5c. SOc
in-WCJ Matlueea... .....10c, l£c. 13c
Next Monday-rS^upendou? production or
"THE GREAT NORTHWEST." -
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAMD.
To-Day and Saturday at 3.
6UNDAY. •, . . ; , , . . '. . :. AT 2:30 P. M.
MRECREA 77O/V PARK.*
Eighth aad Harrison streets.
MRS. M. E, BLANCHARD'S
SECOND SONO RECITAL.
. SATURPAY, Oct.W, at *.
' SHERMAN & CLAY'S, MUSIC HALU
Reserved Seat?, 75c and Me. :
SUTRO BATHS. :i
OPENMIQHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM T A. M. TO H P.M.
BATHINO FROM 1 A. M. TO 16:SQ P. M.
APMISSIQN, 10e. CHILOnfcN 5c.
Bathing, including admission, ijo; children. 20c.
PALACE HOTEL.
. For a quarter of : a century these-
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the worjd
tp San Franeiscp. r Guests eijter-
;tajned on the Apierjcan or European
plan.: '•\u25a0'';-\u25a0•; \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0''.;. \ -*-'\u25a0'
QRAND HOJEL,
. ? , . AMTTSEHENTS, _
WSSBm
BELASCO & TH ALL. „.':....'.......... Managers
/ LAST THREE NIGHTS.
I Don't Miss
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS,
• Or' You'll Miss Tour \u25a0 Laugh! '
MATINEES TQ-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
, Seats on Bale Six Days in Advanee.
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35e. 60e and 75<?
' NEXT-"TENNESSEE'S FARDNER."
GRANDS
'MATINEE TQrMOBfipW AND STJNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
Walter b. perkins;
One Of Anjerica's Pqremost , Comedians In
'THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
I .• The \u25a0 funniest : of funny comedies. .
POPULAR PRICES— 10e, 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c.
.Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. ; ; 23c.
i Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Weck^ WALTER E. PERKINS in ,"MT
1 FRTEND FROM INDIA." "
UU LUlWiPI A LEADING TMEATBf
' ? ALL THIS AND NEXT WEE^:.'
Every Night, including Sunday.
. . MATINEE SATURDAY. • ".
STUART ROBSON
In' th» Qreatest Production 1 Ever. Made, ot
Bronson Hpward's Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA"
\u25a0 MB ROBSON AS BERTIE, THE LAMB.
An . All-Star Cast. Including Many Favorites.
2d and Last Week Begins Next Monday.
No v. 4.— SARAH COWELL-LE MOYNE. «
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES.
THI8 EVENING. R
. v MATINEE TO-MORROW,
TO-MORROW NIGHT
a femalFIummer,
INCLUPING CHARMING. LOVELT. CLBVEH
JOHNSTON^ BBNNETT. |
SUNDAY NIGHT-THB BIG . NEW YORK
SENSATION, v \u25a0 i
"SPORTING LIFB,'V
; . V PHATS NOWREADT. •'
CHUTES ANIVZOO W$%™»
' "superb vaudeville 'bill.
/ harry harmon, high diver. •
••'.\u25a0'.-:.\u25a0\u25a0••.\u25a0•: TO-MORROW-: NIGHT.' ' .' '
PAST MASTER WORKMEN'S ASSOCIATION
: NIGHT AT THE CHpTE9 r . ,
A^SQ BIG; CAKE . WALK. . -
• : -l . " ; -" Telephone , for \u25a0 Beata-^-Park 28..; -i.'.''-;
PTCPHirni'Q 'CONCERT HOU3B,
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHOBN : ' TYROLEAN
TRQUPB; Cla|r« Fejc; Geo. Jones; : Maud D$
Alma; .Harry Hplmes; HerrHuber; Eleanore
jTepWns and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra., ,»-. -v . .- .•: \u25a0;,
"Reserved Seats, 25g. Matinee Bupday. -'
ADVERTISEJyrENTS:
IM V ° SS xhl Stroller lethal sm%rb coat ivhioh \u25a0', K|Mi»tlI|#it^{M:|i^^^
plj you see pictnred-yoked in the front, yoked ;
fel The Stroller comis in those very pretty \ %/^L^Sm^^,
APVEBTISBMENTS.
• •. \u25a0. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 / v ' \u25a0 \u25a0 •
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
-thnt tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
-berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street. »
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THUBSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE :.' \u25a0
SANTA FE
I LAST DAYS!
TO-DAY AND TO-MOBROW,
FRIDAY AND SATURD AT.
: At 2 p. ra. f
AUCTION
ORIENTAL
RUGS!
Positively Rugr Buyera' Last Opportunity.
SPECIAL EVENING SALE BATUR-
-DAY Kvening, Oct. M, at 8 o'clock, •
Business Men's opportunity. Do not miss
this great evening sale - when f3)lk Bugs
and the Extra Rugs will be offered. -
-• \u25a0\u25a0-...\u25a0 : ; M. B. MIHBAN,
SS2 POST ST.. near Powelt '
"• ':/;•\u25a0 '^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^" ' . \u25a0
'; . HsV— i^B-M_smJi
if " W*% "1 W*^ i? I B
World famous Mariani Tonic
; -"Unequaled in Leases of: Nervous De-
pression, Melancholy,. Brain Exhaus-
Lipn; Fatigue and Sleeplessness," , , ,;?,.*
//"Nourishes, strengthens, ' sustains, re-
'freshes."- -'\u25a0_'•' \u25a0;'".. •\u25a0, ,;;\u25a0 : . .. \u25a0 ;
All Druggists; Refuse Substitutes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
now
About
Your
Feet?
V Do they burn,
fi itch, sweat, sting,
1 1 pain, ache, swell \
II and cause you all I
I\ kinds of trouble I
V, . and annoyance ? I
vl^ If they do you
\ ought to rub Hal-
\\ pruner's Wonder-
li ful Medicine on
1\ them; rub it in all
l\ over; between the
I toes, on the bot-
I 1 torns, etc. Do this
two or three times /
a day and you will //
soon have well //
J / feet; in fact walk- /\u25a0 \u25a0
I ing will be a I
1/ pleasure. I
Ml All druggists sell, I
// Halpruner's, but I
// see that you get it, I
1/ The dollar, size 7 1
1/ contains three /, '
IV times the quan- I \u25a0
Vc tity of they/
small size. Jm
f /iblpruncr's
Trial Treatment— Dr. Halpruner will
give trial treatment free to sufferers be-
tween 2 and 5 ?. m. every dav except Sat-
urday and Sunday at his office, 28 Cali-
fornia street. _•
DISORDERS £~^\
-OP- % G^in
MENM
BV FAR THE GREAT-.'iO'' R%plrWVF*.
er number ul patient* Si 1 \J // **v
i ecklng relief for so-called U y ffh/l If
vealtnets are strong, \\ \}\jI+J/.
robust men In every other
reRptct. Loss of Vitality. Prematureness. etc,
ere net weaknesses, but the symptoms ot ln-
Paminatory processes in the Prostate Gland
<so-rn!lf(j r.eck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ion*
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
.f ults, as indicated by increased circulation and
'^renewed rtrength. are. observed. Our colored
4K (hart of the orcar ». which we send free on
ration, ia Interesting to any one wishing-
.. to etudy the anatomy of the male. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0
OR. TAICOFT & O., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— - OF THE
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OP
Maryland, on the 31<t day of December,
A. D: 19M. and for Ihe year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and 611 -of the Political
Cede, rondensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash Sl.5OO.CeO 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company ISOO.eeo 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.5S4.337 00
Cash, in Company's. Offlce.. j 41.613 14
Cash in Bank3 277,971 57
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ...,.;.„..... ;... 97.3TC 08
Total Assets J4.3S1.213 79
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid... $4.473 89
Losses in process of Adjustment op
In Suspense 45.127 SI
Losses resisted. Including expenses'.. 105,533 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
' one year or less, J., ; rein-
surance 30 per cent.. 630.S4S 30
Total Liabilities $S05,409 43
INCOME.' ~~ '
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums ..,.....:,. $1,)JK.JS3 47
Received for Interest and dividends '
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from '- "\ \u25a0\u25a0 '
all other sources 135 87143
Received for Rents 38^ 433 12
Received from all other sources 73.743 53
Total Income .., Jt.SSS.jso 7J
EXPENDITURES. =====
ffet amount paid for Losses (Include >\u25a0 ••
Ing $.* losses, ot previous
years) $371,239 8«
Dividends, to Stockholders 282.447 50
Paid or allowed for Commission • or
Brokerage 279.26134
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 77 £35 04
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .........:, 52,319 11
All other payments and expenditures 173,201 41
Total Expenditures „., .....U.222 all Ji
EDWIN WARFIELD, President,
PARRY NICQDEJfUS. Ass' t Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of January. 1901. FRE1> S. AXTEIX,
' ' Notary Public.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25
Tenth Floor Mills Building,
"- , San Francisco.
\u25a0 B \u25a0 B8 trSM Sol 9Ssi BlftS
\u25a0 a m m jKtk Rifles. Ammunition. Flsto-
HlO'n' Tackle. Sporttnij. Ouc-
I 1 1 nl '"K Goods. Largest Stoek.
I 1 i RH «^ I/owest Prices. Send for
1 1 BLi |J U ftJI Catalogue ami Job Sheet.
\0 '•^ \u25a0 V V SHRgTE * BAB3ES CQ.
7S»Market. SIIKearny
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOa»BT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor,' Room 1015.' Claus Spreckels Bids.
\u25a0 -.: . .\u25a0•.- i, T»leDhone Main 9S3.
Residence, gj} California sf.l below Powell.
Telephone James IMi,Miss Hecht is the youngest daughter cf
Mr. and Mi's. M. H. Hecht and is the
first debutante of this season to make
her entree into the. gay, bright world of
fashion. Miss Rose Ellen is a beautiful
girl, as sweet and fetching as is her quaint
and pretty name. She has had her edu
cation in this city and has enjoyed the
many advantages of European travel,
bhe is of medium height, with nicely
rounded figure. Her face is piquant ami
lighted up with a fine pair of brown eyes
that roguishly look out from beneath a
wealth of nut-brown hair.
A ball is the most formal kind of- an
affair. Everything in keeping with it
must necessarily be most elegant, and
thus It was last evening. The great ball
room of the handsome clubhouse wag
decorated In a fashion I have rarely seen
equaled, certainly never surpassed. The
stage was banked with great date palms
that lifted *. their heads almost to the
beautifully frescoed ceiling.
Palms of this same variety along the
walls were artistically used to conceal all
the angles in the room. In the dining
hall the effect aimed at was red. Indian
baskets were hung upon the walls and
filled to overflowing with graceful ferns,
spreading greens and madrone berries.
The baskets with this wealth of flora
were held in place by immense true lovers',
knots of brilliant red satin ribbon. The
supper was served at small round tables,
and in the center of each was a handsome
floral piece, the prevailing tone of which
LAST evening the magnificent ball
room of the Vereln, corner of Post
and Leavenworth streets, was brll
lianty illuminated, handsomely dec
orated and filled with beautiful
women and handsome men, all assembled
to do honor to Miss Rose Ellen Hecht, a
pretty young debutante.
Miss Rose Ellen' Heeht
For m al ly Meets 1 he •
Swell Set
GRAND BALL
IN HONOR OF
A DEBUTANTE
Asks to Be Appointed Guardian.
man at Vw T ,V the wel '- known foundry
l°tters of ef»r°i y * r st6rday a PP» ed for
his wif? wh ard K Ianshlp u P° n th e estate of
ness £ u^wt* » y , rea , 3on ot continued ill-
Faints at Her Door.
tuV-^IT 011 " 111 who save her name as
S nn e ' S P ln \ was fou "d late last night
miS? »? a ? dea lyinsr ln a Minting con
dition on the footsteps of the house wh^-ra
the show." ' ; . •• - .
3$ e a ues t Ion of dress - Is • one that is
still agitating the maidens. ' Much is be
ing said. in favor of white gowns and it is
more than probable that white will be the
color chosen. \u25a0 , ..... • , .
New- additions of -talent are the Misses
Montgomery and Mr. Montgomery.
dero street was bright with many flow
ers in honor of the occasion. . In the draw
ing-room, where the tables were arranged
American Beauty roses-^tall and straight
and handsome as the players — were used
with wondrous effect. They lent a mag
nificent dash of color to the delicately
tinted room and exhaled a delicious fra
grance. . \u25a0 \u25a0.\u25a0 . _,,-.. -
The game was warmly contested. Miss
Alice May, Miss Phoebe ' Painter, Miss
Elizabeth Rawn of Cincinnati and Miss
Rachel I Hovey carried off ; the- prizes,
dainty souvenirs of a most pleasant oc
casion.. . ; •
Used a Hatchet on His "Wife.
-'Jacob Nicholsen, a rigger, residing at
132 Fourteenth street, was arrested yes
terday \u25a0 by - Officer . Barnes t of the Seven
teenth-street station and; booked at the
Hall of Justice on the charge of an as
sault with ; a deadly : weapon. Nicholsen,
it is claimed, seized a hatchet yesterday
and tried to seVer one of his wife's hands
at the wrist/ ' The blow fell short of its
mark and Mrs. Nicholsen escaped with a
slight cut.. which was dressed by her fam
ily physician, while her husband was ta
ken to prison.
velvet gown, trimmed with Duchesse lace.
Miss Grace Hecht wore a beautiful white
chiffon gown, trimmed with lace. \u25a0 . '•,
Mrs. Will Gerstle was attired in a pink
crepe de chine gown.
\u25a0 •" :*.,,*\u25a0 *
Pretty Georgie Spieksr entertained her
young friends yesterday at a progressive
eucher party that proved to be a most de
lightful affair. It was the first opportu
nity-Miss Spieker has hadin two .years
to meet her many friends, the charming
young hostess having spent these years
away; from home in college.
The handsome Spieker home on Devlsa-'
diced the jury against the prisoner by, in
discreet remarks and by unfair and erro
neous rulings on questions of law... -
LIBEL DISMISSED.— United States District
Judge de . Haven dismissed yesterday; the. libel
of John 'Nlles.vs.' British steamship Balasore
for $161 balance on wages alleged to be due.
The ; case .fell through for lack \u25a0 of prosecution.
NEW." MEXICO • EXCLUDES CHINESE.— J.
H. Campbell, chief deputy of • the j . United
States Marshal' at Albuquerque. New Mexico,
arrived yesterday with two deported Chinamen
in charge. ,» . ,
PREPARATIONS for the great doll
show go merrily on. . Last evening
\u25a0was a busy, one for. the tAent.' The
j society - sextet held a rehearsal in.
• the pretty little Rella .Vista.
Theater and the Bohemians did likewise
up in their clubrooms. . . • \u25a0* . .
was red. On some tables carnations were
used; in others the elegant new dahlias;
in others brilliant red roses, and still on
others the effective madrone berries. The
table service was of Dresden. - -
Miss IJecht received the friends who
came to-do . her honor, assisted by ; her.
mother, M.rs.. M. H. Hecht, and' her sis
ters, Mrs. Will Gerstle and Miss Grace
Hecht/"* , - '
The fair debutante was attired all in
white. Her dress, - which was beautiful
on account of its exquisite simplicity, was
of white tulle over white silk.
Mrs. Hecht wore a* magnificent black
Allen Robbery Case Argued.
: Before the United. States Circuit Court
of Appeals yesterday, Judges Gilbert.
Ross and Hawley on the bench,'- W. • H.'
Metson and John B. Allen argued the ap
peal of George Allen from the judgment
of fifteen years' imprisonment for rob
bery imposed by. United States District
Judge A. H. Noyes of Alaska. ~ The case
for the Government .was argued by J. K;
Wood, United States District Attorney
for that district. The attorneys for the
appellant contended that Judge Noyes
erred during the trial, and that he preju-
Dr.' George Collins, U. S. A., has dropped
out of the sextet. Mrs. Carr, who has
charge .of the "pretty maidens" and
"gentle strangers.v. was loth to let him go,
but the doctor had a severe cold and be
sides he modestly declares that he has
"no voice under the most favorable condi
tions", and "that he does not want to ruin
BY ; SALLY SHARP.
Judge Kerrigan rendered two decision*
yesterday against the Pacific Debenture
Company, one In the action brought by
Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford to have
the business of the company declare 1
fraudulent, and the other in the action or
McDonald, brought to recover money paid
by himself and seventeen others for bonds
issued by the company.?
ni^,' the sult brou S nt by Ford the com
£ J^, r u? res £ n l atives made a m o«on for
a nonsuitl, which was denied. Judge Ker-
Jni a ?>, a1 !? £ ranted an Injunction restrain
fnf "i,^ benture com Pany from collect-
Lr^w« y r< I as " sessn ients on the bonds
n a V erie * A and B, and ordered the
company to wind up its affairs so far ai
these bonds arc concerned.
McDonald'3 suit to recover money paid
ThVS^ni 133 Wa9 de cided in h?s Tfavor
dH «nf «™ 1 »k com Pany claimed that it
did not owe tha money, as the bonds still
?hat thoTh*^ t, va !? e - The co «« he' 1
fact th£?^ the bon< ? s e re of value the
\u2666 a £ £ l they were ln J aw part of a lot
tery scheme made them valueless *
Judge Kerrigan Orders Concern to
Befund Moneys Paid for Its
Paper.
Bohemian Club Men^ Who Will Take Part in ; Doll Show
. ,Busy : Rehearsin*g~New Talent Added to Programme.
DEBENTTJEE COMPANY^ BONDS
AEE DECLARED. VAI.TJELES3
PRETTY MAIDENS OF SOCIETY SEXTET
CAN'T DECIDE ABOUT COLOR OF GOWNS
, T A , fte^ tha £ att f ntIon was divided between
Mile. Deval and the viands which shed*
scribed. She sang the virtues of oystert
partridges, cheese, fruit, salad and every
thing else that the Parisians had to III
that night. And so varied were th*» Hi.*
that ISO couplets were required to
merate them all. The innovation was
voted a pronounced success
Will our society leaders take kindi-o- \u2666«
this fancy of fashion? *«naiy to
Satisfactorily Settle Their Trouble.
Venezuela. Oct '4-.TT,-
Venezuelan Government and the German
Legation have satisfactorily arrane^ tV
difficulty arising, from the affray between
German sailors and the police of PortS
Cabello on October 6 last. urto
Astonishment was on every far* vy.*.
guests gazed in admiration, when Mile
Deval suddenly began to sing. In a few
weH chosen couplets she introduced thl
opening course of the banquet Thpn «Ef
retired Into .the flower, which closed over
In the center of the table was a hand
some gilt centerpiece covered by t ratlin*
roses. As the guests admired this "nd
wondered what was coming next the tm
piece slowly unfolded, showing the De tal»
of a great artificial flower, from the midn
of which, in magnificent -splendor role
Marguerite Deval. the daintiest and molt
popular of all the music hall; a^ist? *f
{UNDERSTAND that the latest and
most startling novelty In the world of
fashion Is to. have, the stiff formality
of the dinner party brightened by the
appearance of some stage celebrity
who, in cadence sweet will dwell upon the
excellency of the fare offered by the
thoughtful host or hostess as the case
may be. This is the latest fad to be In
dulged In by the swell set of Paris
_The novelty was introduced In th»
French capital by no less a leader of
fashion than the Countess Pillet-Will at
a dinner party given at her magnificent
house in the Rue Pauquet. There wl?e
eighty guests present and when they sat
down to dinner no sign had as vet »V
peared of any innovation. At that Doint
in the festivities, however, they f^d
wV t J? e / e we J e no menu card s on the
cloth before them. ino
Latist Paris Fad May Be
Introduced in This
THEY WOULD
ABOLISH THE
MENU CARDS
A PROMINENT DOCTOR'S DAUGH
TER AND A FEW OF THE PAT
RONESSES OF THE DOLL. SHOW.
Louise Goodrich was granted a divorce
from Herschel SI. Goodrich by Judga
Hunt yesterday on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Mrs. Goodrich testified that sh<s
was married to Goodrich at Oakland,
April 26, 1899. Mrs. Goodrich said that a
short time after he went • to Alaska, in
1900, he began to drink and then com
menced treating her harshly. Her hus
band frequently threatened her life, shi
said, and on one occasion fired a shot at
her.
On the night of March 24. 1901. said Mm.
Goodrich, "he threatened to cut my throar
with a razor, and did cut me on tha
hand. . •
Emma Stafford was granted a divorce
from Clarence B. yesterday bv
Judge Murasky. Stafford commenced this
proceedings, but the decree was grantei
to Mrs. Stafford on the ground of cru-
Decrees of divorce were granted yestec
day to Julia Shepperd from John Shey
perd for cruelty, Minnie Lukrawka from
August Lukrawka for desertion and fail
ure to provide and Sophie Lynch from
George Lynch for cruelty
Eugenio Luccnesi filed a suit for divorce*
against Ciarina Lucchesi for desertion.
Society and Commenced
Drinking 1 .
Oakland Han Could Not Stand Noma
goodhich: threatened
to zh1 his wife
A physician was hurriedly summoned,
but Mr. Pumphrey had been dead for sev
eral hours, and therefore no attempt was
made to resuscitate him.
He retired at an early hour "Wednes
day night, and evidently waited until tha
rest of the family were asleep before ho
asphyxiated himself. When his wife went
to his room early yesterday morning to
awaken him she detected the odor of Il
luminating ga3, and found him dead In
bea, with the key cf the gas bracket fully
open.
-Pumphrey had been In a very despond
ent mood for several weeks because h4
had been requested by his superior of
ficer to break in a young man in his line
of work, and he feared because cf his ad
vanced age that the company intended to
discharge him from Its employment. Th'.s
fear was realized, and it preyed upon his
mind to such an extent as to impair hti
reason.
Milton J. Pumphrey, freight clerk for
the Santa Ke Railroad Company, com
mitted suicide last Wednesday night a-,
his residence, 702 Laurel avenue, by turn
ing on the gas in his bedroom. He was
64 years old and had been discharged from
his position.
Milton Ptunplirey, Freight Clerk for
the Santa Fe, Turns on the
Gas.
DRIVEN INSANE BY
'. / THE FEAR OF WANT
The work Is progressing under the dt
rection of the Board of Education. School
Director. Mark, who has taken a deep In
terest in the work, is superintending it.
The lot is 275 feet square and belongs to
the John Enright estate. The Supervisors
of this city have set apart $12,000 for es
tablishing:, the park and for apparatus. A
lease has been secured on the property
for one year, with the privilege of re
leasing it for a term of four years. The
rental for the property is $200 a month.
The playgrounds will be arranged after
the plan of those in the East. Plans havj
been drawn up by George Hansen ot
Berkeley and are now under consideration
by the Board of School Directors. Tho
quarters for the girls and the boys will bo
divided by hedges. The plan3 are v very
elaborate and ©now where the various ap
paratus is to be located.
There will be a cinder path, handba!l
courts, giant slide, tanbark court with
parallel bars and other gymnastic appa
ratus in the boys' quarters. The girls will
have a giant slide, apparatus, sand court3
and other pleasant diversions.
It is provided in the plans to have shel
ters, washbasins, toilets and other neces
sary conveniences for the boya. A build
ing will be erected for the attendant an 1
caretaker.
The children will be allowed to use tha
grounds after school hours and on Satur
days. Teachers will Instruct the children
in the use of the apparatus, and every
precaution will be taken to prevent acci
dents.
School Director Mark belle-ess that tho
sum set apart by the Supervlaors will not
be sufficient to carry on the work, but ha
Is sanguine that generous citizens will
come to the aid of the department In per
fecting the new playgrounds.
Before spring the school children of this
city will have an ideal playground for
recreation. The grounds are located at
the corner of Seventh and ! Harrison
streets and caji be reached within a short
space of time by the littl^ ones. Work on
the park is now under way. The soft sand
of the immense lot is being covered with
red rock, and leveled by large gangs of.
workmen.
Apparatus, Track and Hand
ball Courts to Be
School Department Pre
paring a Recrea
\ tion Park.
PLAYGROUNDS
FOR CHILDREN
PRETTY DEBUTANTE RECEIVES CONGRATULATIONS OF SOCIETY
AND CLEVER AMATEURS PRACTICE FOR DOLL SHOW PERFORMANCE
ARMY OFFICER
IS BANQUETED
Captain Winn, Twelfth
Infantry, Guest of
the Alumni.
Mark of Appreciation for
Service at California
Univsrsity.
Captain F. L. Wlnn. Twelfth Infantry,
U. S. A., was the guest of honor at a
dinner tendered him last evening by Col
onel George William Bauer and the staff
of the Alumni Commissioned Officers' As
sociation of the University of California
in the hall of the San Francisco Club in
The Call building. This was in apprecia
tion of the services of the captain while
professor of military science and tactics
at the university from August, 1893, to
August, 1S97. It would have been given
sooner, but the captain was on service
\u25a0which took him away from the city until
recently.
During his absence he served In the
Spanish-American war, both in Cuba and
in the Philippines. In a report to the
War Department Colonel Burton, inspec
tor general of the Lnited States army, in
reviewing the work of Captain Wlnn
praised him highly, and declared that the
regiment of cadets of the University of
California ranged as the first of all col
lege military organizations in the United
States.
Captain Winn was receritly created an
honorary member of the association that
entertained him last niirht.
After an excellent menu had been dis
posed of, during which music was ren
dered by an orchestra under the direction
of W. G. Tanke, Colonel Bauer, the toast
master, called for responses to the regular
toasts. He spoke at the outset on th«
Alumni Commissioned Officers' Associa
tion. The following toasts were respond
ed to: -
"The Cadet Corps." Captain H. de H. Waite;
"United States Army." Captain F. L. Wlnn;
"The Faculty of the University." Professor
William Dallam Armes; "The National
Guard," Colonel Murphy; "Naval Militia,"
Captain Nerney. and "The Municipal Govern
ment," Colonel Box ton.
Then followed impromptu talks by a
number of those present and vocal selec
tions by W. McDonald, late of the Bos
tonians.
Those present at the banquet were:
Captain Winn. U. S. A.: Colonel G. W.
Bauer, Captain H. de H. Waite, U. S. A.;
Captain T. A. Nerney, commanding Naval Mi
litia; Colonel H. W. Gibbons; Lieutenant Colo
nels C. A. Son, H. S. Robinson. C. H. Murphy,
Charles Boxton. W. A. Starr and E. A. Self
ridge; Majors Perclval Dolman, W. Houston,
W. A, Brewer, H. B. Graham and G. Foulke; .
Captains F. A. Denicke, R. C. Daniels, R. L.
Logan. S. W. Cartright, P. L. Bush, T. R.
Kelly. J. V. Laveaca. O. Dibble. B. L. Swayle,
T. L.. Wagner. William Juifrens. J. W. S.
Butler and, B. P. Miller; Lieutenants "W. W.
Everett, J. A. McGee. C. Schilling. G. F.
Relnharfit. F. Otis. J. D. Hatch and J. Galla
gher: Professors J. Stringham. W. A. Setchell,
M. Kaskell. E. O'Xelll. W. D. Armes, A. O.
Leuschner, W. Magee. A. Putrker. H. Sender.
C. Cory. F. Soule and S. B. CrlEty. and Messrs.
C. J. Bauer. J. Shttor., J. Mitchell, Lorln Hunt
and R. Phe!?».
The function was under the direction cf
the following officers of the association:
Colonel G. \V. Bauer, commander; llajor
Perclval Dolman, senior vice commander; Ma
jor W. A. Brewer, Junior vice commander;
Captain William Jurgens, adjutant; Captain F.
A. Denicke. chairman of the executive com
mittee, and Captain K. C. Daniels, chairman
of the merr.b<?rfhln coir.mittee.
ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN^
BY PACIFIC COUNCIL
After a Short but Interesting Pro
gramme Dancing Is Indulged
in by the Guests.
Pacific Council No. 547, National Union,
held the first of its series of monthly eu
tertalnments last night in Shasta Hall of
the Native Sons' building. Although th-2
programme was short it contained a num
ber of features that were well appreciated
by the audience. The entertainment was
well attended. After the conclusion of the
programme dancing was inaugurated and
continued until a late hour. During th*
progress of the dancing refreshments
were served.
The programme rendered was as fol
lows:
Selection. Benson's Orchestra: barytone solo
Frank Gunn: selection. Pacific Council Trio
Mess-re. Hunt, Smith and Gunn; tenor solo,
Richard Hunt; piano selection, Al Hank; hu
morous speech. Arthur Nelson; barytone solo
Malcolm 'Fraser; specialties. Little Alma.
THEATRICAL MANAGEBS
CONTEIBUTE LIBEBALLY
Half of Proceeds of Benefit, Amount
ing to ?1409, Donated to McKin
ley Memorial Fund.
One of the largest contributions to the
McKinley memorial fund was made yes-"
terday by the Theatrical Managers' Asso
ciation. Treasurer Melville Mark handed
Mayor Phelan a check for $1403. This
contribution from the Theatrical Manag
ers' Association is a division of the
amount received at the benefit, which is
ennually given for their charity fund.
The statement of the McKinley monu
ment fund issued yesterday follows:
Theatrical Managers' Association bene
fit at Grand Opera-house ji tm no
Jeremiah Lynch l(K) 00
Pupils Kmerson Primary School!."!!'" 2100
Royal House '. 5 q5
Total •\u25a0 ti kss nn
Previously reported '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 22:637 80
Total to date..... $24,172 80
Median Goes to Chicago.
x> f« e ?,' . MeeSan - superintendent of the
Pacific division of the Pullman Company
goes to Chicago on November 1 to fill m
important position with the company Un
der the reorganization of the? Pullman.
Company, which takes effect on the Is? ot
next month, the Pacific as well as the a°
lantic division of that company win be
discontinued All lines andcars Zi thl
Pacific division will be operated as at
present, but transferred to the Chirac
and St. Louis divisions. It l£ Snored
that under the new order of things many
other changes among the officers will oc-
Planning Burbank Collection.
Colonel John P. Irish has been requested
by the Burbank committee of the Gtktl
Board of Trade to ascertain from Luther
Burbank the scope and extent of the exht
bition that he can assist the boardfe
make of the agricultural and horticultural
products .to which the Burbank ingenuity
and industry have -given rise Co!on.?i
Irish will have an interview with Mr Bur
bank. The other members of the commit
tee to arrange for the collection are V"
M. Wooster of San Jose and B x t*«™'
ley of San Francisco, J * Kow -
Special Bates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, frierids accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September U to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 day*
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe ofllces
C41 Market St., and ferry depot.
Dr. Schilling Lectures.
Dr. Schilling delivered • an interesting
lecture last • night at the -Young M«n'«
Christian Association Auditorium on the
"Humorous Song." The lecture was w°Il
attended.. \u25a0- , - \u25a0>';\u25a0- > '
The light-running "Domestic" received
highest award at Pan-American Exposi
tion for "Best. Family Sewing Machine."*
THE SAN FRANCISCO t!ALL v FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
8Murphy. F. J. Lawler, R. A. Hariiey, William
Reardon, Eurene Fitzgerald, P. A. Cahalan,
Georue McGrath, Edward Kelly, William
Cuslck, Daniel Griffin. \u25a0
Floor committee — Floor manager, R. -A.
Cahalan; assistant floor managers, D. T. Pow
ers, >V. H. Murphy; Frank Duraont, J. E.
Connell, F. P.- Scully, John A. Kelly, Edward
McSorley, John Smith.
Reception committee— F; J. Lawler, ' Dr. B.
F. Flemine, Hugh Kidd. Frank - Daunet,
Thomas Sullivan, John . Stelmle, James J.
Cantlen. _ : - . - . '- •. ' '• •-'
* \u25a0 • • \u25a0\u25a0 • *\u25a0' Vj; \u25a0 •' • " :
La Estrella Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters, one of the most wide-awake of the
local subordinates, noted for the excel
lence'of its social functions, nasarranged
for a Hallowe'en party in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons" building, on the night
of the 1st of November. The committee
in charge will introduce all the old-time
games and amusements that were "com
mon; when that festival, was better ob
served than it is in these days. • A feature
: of the evening will be a weird ghost dance
by'a dozen young ladies of r the- parlor. :
' * \u25a0••-"? •"\u25a0- 1 ;* \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' " -*' '
:The members of the general^ committee 1
\u25a0of the Native Daughters of ; the j Golden
'West, vwho will -have charge of the enter-"
talnlng of the .officers and members of the
next Grand Parlor that is to .meet in this
city in 1902,- will give a novel-entertain
ment to-night in Native Sons' Hall. It is
called a birthday party and Jn 'order to
raise funds to carry out the purpose for
which^- the. committee^. was organized the
admission fee has been fixed- at 1 cent for
each year'of the age r of'the party seeking
admission into \u25a0 the .hall. ; As none of the
ladies "Who will attend will be -willing to
tellinVcents heriexact age it is expected
that; those ; advanced in -years., will come
downcto'. sweet sixteen, while' those who
are* of <'that age will- want to appear some-
what, older. ; >\ : v . •*: : . . ;
Albert. • Mclllwalne, alias Davis, and
Daniel Kelly, who are well known to the
police. Were arrested last -night by Ser
geant Christiansen and Police Officers
Holmes and Silver and charged with rob
bery;!. Late Wednesday night they met J.
E. Small, a colored man^and after having
numerous 'drinks invited' him to a room
on Stevenson ; street, between Third and
Fourth. After entering the room' Small
was set upon by the two men and after
being- severely beaten was robbed- of $18.
From a description given of the. robbers
by Small the police arrested Mclllwaine
and Kelly and charged them with the
crime. .
Their Room and Rob
. Him.
Entice J. E. Small, a Colored Man, to
WELI-KNOWN . CROOKS
f . '. IZANDED IN PRISON
- At the Turk -street ; front ; of the hall ..to
the right, of the will be- one of
the most.enJoyable-fjeaUires of the.faterra
representation B oT v *tffe famous Munlcn
Hoffbrauhaus. Here refreshments will ba
served by young, women in Bavarian cos
tumes, everything being done.in strict ac
cordance with customs that obtain in Mu
nich.':. . : \u25a0 . •• ; ' . •/ . . \u25a0 •' \u25a0;;.
In the large room back of the rear gal
lery St. Paul!,- Hamburg's, midway, will
be represented.: A small stage has been
erected and from it vaudeville pro
grammes will' be presented each night.
Around two sides of the room are repre
sented the grassy banks of the Elbe, the
waters of that river v and in the distance
the buildings fronting upon it.
Much' care has been taken with details,
and the fair -in • artistic completeness
promises to excel even the famous Goethe-
Schiller festival, of which the German
residents of the city have been so proud.
The Famous Hoffbrauhius.
booth' occupies the' corner on 'that' sido
next to the stage.'. . - . ;.;-• .<. \u25a0.; \u25a0
A Bingen-on-theiRhlne scene • occupies
the rear of the"stage^.while the wings atv
utilized for an old-fashioned inn , on the
cne side and wine arbors on the other. \u25a0• i
To the left of the stage is" a furniture
booth, next to that a fish pond, in which
fish and frogs will disport. A coffee par
lor and an ice cream booth fill out ; that
side of the street.' In the rear of . each
booth is scenery representing the vista' of
streets extending Into the distance,. t
A shooting gallery will occupy one side
of the gallery, and on the. other visitors
may win prizes by their skill in "throwing
at the- "nigger babies.". \u25a0 In the rear gal
lery, a band of music will be stationed. '
In spite of its capacity for hard work,
the elephant seldom or ever sleeps more
than four or occasionally five hours.
City Engineer Grunsky Informed the
committee that his department could not
carry out the provisions of the resolution
directing it to ascertain the cost of con
etruction of the Market-street Company's
lines in connection with the proposal to
increase the license tax on street cars
unless it was provided with funds. He
proraised to furnish an estimate of the
8 mount required.
Je re T. Burke a_ppeared before Super-
Visors' Public Utilities Committee, yester
day to explain why the Marbet-stree,t
Railway Company has failed to keep it*
promise made last January to take up
Its abandoned tracks and repave the road
way with the same material as the rest
of t:ae street. The meeting was called for
the purpose of considering Reed's pro
posfd ordinance to reduce street car fares
to 3 cents. The object of the introduction
of the ordinance is to hold it over the
bead of the big corporation with a view
to inducing It to carry out its promises.
When Chairman Reed took the .company
to task for not keeping its promise Mr.
Burke stated that Superintendent of Con
struction Lynch had denied that he had
made any such promise on behalf of the
corporation. Reed referred to the records
and found that Lynch had agreed to take
up the old rails and repave the streets by
November 1, U«01, if it were possible to do
80. Lynch \u25a0was not present to disprove
the record, and Burke stated that the
company's law department had advised
that the company could not be compelled
to repave the streets when It had once
perlormed the work. He said that the
rails at designated crossings would be
takon up as soon as the necessary mate
rial arrived from the East. The inquiry
was then postponed until next Thursday,
•when Lynch is expected to be present.
Jere T. Burke Before a
Committee of Su
pervisors.
RECORD PROVES
REED'S CLAIM
PORTOLA COTTNCTL ENTERTAINS
Many of the members of the Young
Me:i"s Institute assembled in Golden Gate
Jia 1 last night to enjoy the entertainment
that was given by Portola Council JCo. 470.
After an overture by the orchestra and
a few words of welcome by President Eu
gene G. Fitzgerald, there was a vocal solo
by Will O. Carlton, instrumental selec
tions by Miss Pearl Miller, a ballad by
ili?s Mary Carden, recitation by Frank
P. Scully, vocal solo by John A. Hesse,
musical selections by Goorge B. Bamhall
and A. J. Tickner, monologue by Miss Lil
lian M. Quinn. cornet solo by Miss Nellie
Ankman and a vocal solo by James P
O'Brien.
Those in charge of the function were:
Committee of arrangements— William H.
FOR some time past a number of
the members of Buena Vista Par
lor, Native Daughters of the Gold
en West, have been rehearsing for
a minstrel show which they will
gW Ja Native Sons* Hall on the night of
lor rSt ' The best talent in th! P ar
1?L»« h» e v " s H ecured M <i a number of new
women Prepared for the end
A I who are-to take part have been un
ilV™t£*<Z Ucno , n ot L1 °y d Spencer, who
-£,! ™. f th £ m letter Perfect in the sev
~tLSf^ ts they are to tak e ln the pro
g la. .31 Hi ©•
\u2666 SS t», AnnIe . W 2 rth ' past President, will
*h? J2m Ei ai \ of ln terlocutor, and those
?, ho m black up are Mrs. A P. Weh«
Sirs. Georgie McCormlck and Miss Adele
„ f ?J. W £ e to shak e the tambourines,
and Miss Belle O'Brien. Miss Alice Tlcou-
L * nd Miss Annie Premier. wh6 will
ha n lie the bones.
Among the soloists there are Miss Etta
J\ elch. Miss Lillian Wilson and Miss Etta
each well known as charming
ballad singers. The chorus, which will
number about twenty, has been selected
irorn among the members of the parlor.
At a rehearsal a few evenings ago the
several performers demonstrated that the
entertainment will be the best ever given
by ..ady minstrels in this city.
Novel Scheme Is Launched to Learri
Women's Ages by the Tinkle
of Their Silver.
LADIES OF LA ESTRELLA
PLAN HALLOWE'EN PARTY
BUENA VISTA PARLOR NATIVE DAUGHTERS WILL BLACKEN
FACES TO JOIN IN JOYOUS RAGTIME FUN IN MINSTREL SHOW
LIGHT OPERA IS CLEVERLY
PRODUCED BY AMATEURS
THERE was a large attendance at
the social and entertainment given
last evening In Native Sons* Hall
for the benefit of Holy Cross
Church. The programme present
ed was unusually good and was greatly
appreciated by the audience.
' The evening's entertainment opened
with an overture by the First California
Regiment orchestra. This was followed
Jby an -excellently rendered violin solo by
Hugo Pohelm. "Billy" Hynes was in his
element In' songs and witticisms, and his
clever work was heartily applauded. A
serenade by the- pupils of Professor Rlt
zau was a feature of the evening. -Miss
Mary G. Welch played the cornet", ' Miss
Grace M. Welch the 'cello, Alma R. Welch
the first violin, Mis3 Ritzau the flute and
Miss J. Grass the piano. Leo Cooper re
cited a number of poems and scored a hit.
A comic opera, entitled the "Specter
Knight,", by Alfred Celller, was then pre
sented by well-known amateur singers of
this city. The cast was made up as fol
laws: ,t
Grand Duke, A. P. Schleicher; Lord Cham
berlain," E. M. Moore; Otho, another Grand
Duke, and Specter Knight, Harry Wood Brown-
First Lady in Waiting. Miss E. Rutherford:
Second Lady in "Waiting. Mrs. Emily Parent;
Viola. Mrs. Alvina Heuer Wilson. Gtaosta.
pages, etc. Scene— A Haunted Glen.
:. The scenery and costuming were re
markably good. The singers were in good
voice and were heard to advantage in the
various melodies of the opera. Dancing
followed until midnight. James Laydon
proved a capable floor manager. Frank
J. Kennedy was his assistant.
E. j. MURRAY OF ALAMEDA
IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
Ldeal: Singers Participate in an Enter
tainment in Aid of Holy Cross
Chureh.
Well-Known Mining Superintendent
Succumbs to Pneumonia and
I • Heart Failure.
The death last Tuesday evening of E.
J. Murray, the well-known mining super
intendent, will be keenly regretted' by a
large circle of friends, Doth In this coun
try and abroad. Mr. Murray died at his
home In Alameda. death being due to
pneumonia and heart failure.
The deceased was a native of Slskiyou
County. His father was a pioneer and
came to this State in 1843. Mr. Murray
was born on July 27, 1855. and was edu
cated in the public schools and at Santa
Clara College.
•He passed through the stirring, times of
the 'Bonanza" In Nevada and was super
intendent of various large mines In that
State and In California. Eleven years ago
he was sent by a London syndicate to
South Africa to take charge of vast In
terests, and when he decided to return to
California he was tendered a banquet by
the American and English residents or
Johannesburg. On returning to this coast
he resumed the managtment of a mine in
Mexico, but early this year was forced by
111 health to give up active work.
The" deceased 13 survived ' by a"' widow
and 1 three children. The funeral will take
place to-day in Alameda under the direc
tion of the Masonic order. • -.
Continued From Page Three.
The remains. of Miss Isabella Levy, the
eccentric property-owner who deeded to
Attorney Reuben H. . Lloyd her holdings,
estimated to be worth $30,000, were in
terred yesterday in the .Home of 'Peace
Cemetery. . Chief among the large num
ber of mourners that followed . the . re
mains to their, last resting place were
the tenants of Miss Levy's thirty houses:
General \u25a0 W. H. L. George B.
Mackrett, A. ', G. Young, H. Kolb'erg,
Charles E. Crandall and J. P. Lacaze
acted as pall-bearers.
Funeral of Isabella Levy.
United States Secret Service Operatives
Harry Moffltt and Thomas Foster arrest
ed George Abrams yesterday on the
steamer City of Pueblo, on which he had
just arrived from Seattle. Abrams had
been indicted by the United States Grand
Jury for passing worthless bills of the
defunct State Bank of New Brunswick,
N. J. The operatives say that Abrams Is
a member of the Smith-Perry-Hagan
gang. of note passers. He was also mixe.1
up several months ago with others In buy
ing- Government goods from soldiers.
Passer of Worthless Notes Caught.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18, Log 'Angeles .De
cember 19, ; reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round' trip, San
Francisco $80; Los Angeles $70. J*ersonally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low • side-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
When Lane awoke -yesterday, morning
he. was surprised to find everything in hia
house in disorder. ) He soon discovered his
loss and. realized that a crime had been
committed. *- Investigation showed that
every window and door in the house was
locked, but, some of the booty, dropped
near the front door, gave a clew as t<)
how the. thieves entered the place. --
"Within the last two '\u25a0months several
small burglaries have been committed on
North Beach. In each case the use of
skeleton keys has been resorted to. The
police believe that the same gang of
crooks are responsible for each of the
crimes. • • . -..
. Burglars "entered the residence of ' T>. : R^
Lane, at the comer of Greenwich and Du
pont streets, som'e^tirn^..Wednesday night.
They opened the fron> door with, skeleton
keys,: and when, they. took their departure
locked the premises -again. 'While \u25a0 in the
place they secured- about $200 in. monev
and. valuables. : - -• .; .- \u25a0 v ,:~
Survey of the Hating Completed.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 24.— Surveys of
the steamer Hating, which ran on the
rocks near Lasauitl island a weflc ago
were made this morning. Her stem and
bulged-in plates show the damage to be
considerable and it is estimated it will
cost $20,000 to repair her.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY BEGINS THE THRILLING STORY OF HIS CAMPAIGN.
sKraehwlnkel will take a place within,
the next> two weeks In the affections 6 r
the German- Americans of San Francisco
not inferior to that occupied by the be
loved towns and cities of the Fatherland.
Kraehwinkel is the magic town now
growing in the interior of Turn Verein*
Hall, at 323 Turk street, to serve the pur
pose of the golden jubilee fair of the San
Francisco ,Turn Verein.
The fair promises to surpass anything
yet attempted in the city. The interior of
the hall is being rapidly transformed Into
a typical old German town, and the rep
resentation will be complete. In what
ever direction the eye may turn there will
be seen tile-roofed and dormer- windowed
buildings, quaintly clustered and redolent
of old country; customs. • Such great care
has been taken that the illusion produced
by carpenter and painter and decorator is
complete, and there will be no angles and
undisguised stairways and gallery rails to
mar the artistic ensemble.
The fair, in celebration of the fiftietn
anniversary of the San Francisco Turu
Verein, will open to-morrow night anl
will continue for nine day*.
As one enters the hall to the right of
the main street is seen the postofflce, with
the royal coat-of-arms emblazoned on its
wall. Next to it is the rathaus — the town
hall— with courtroom and prison.
Citizenship of the Jail.
Visitors to the town of Kraehwinkel
will be compelled to become citizens, and
citizenship papers will be issued, worded
in old German. He who refuses to accept
citizenship will be incarcerated In the
prison. The rathaus has an imposing tow
er that boasts a real clock.
Back of the town hall are the fortune
telling and Turkish booths, illuminated
with quaint German lanterns. A flower
•Mr. Holmes called yesterday at the of
fices of the State Board of Trade an-J
was furnished with statistics by G. A.
Dennison. the acttlng secretary of tho
board. \u25a0 \u25a0 -
Figures were also furnished in General
Chipman's report to show that Northern
California led the south In shipments of
green vegetables, canned vegetables, wine
and brandy. "It will be seen," wrota
General Chipman. "that, except as to cit
rus fruits, the orchards and vineyards t,f
California are in the north, and that
nearly all the oranges and lemons are in
the south."
General Chipman said of the citrus
fruit Industry of the south that its mag
nitude could be judged from the fact that
It amounted last year to nearly as many
carloads as the north sent out of green
deciduous fruits,- dried fruits and raisins,
combined.
Of the green deciduous fruits shipped out of
the State, 8799 carloads went from Northern
California and but nineteen from Southern
California. A like disparity will be seen to
exist in favor of Northern California in the
matter cf dried fruit, raisins and canned
roods. There went from the north, of dried
lrult. S490 carloads, and from Southern Cali
fornia ?.C9; of raisins there went from the
north 3421 carloads and from the south 161; of
canned goods from the north 4568 carloads, 492
from the south. To the shipments from the
north should be added those appearing in the
tables by sea from San Francisco, amounting
to 22S4 carloads.
Northern California Statistics.
When the Secretary of Agriculture was
notified of the mischievous averment for
which his department was responsible hj
took steps to have the real facts set forth.
Luckily the State Board of Trade has is
sued a careful review of the output of the
products of the entire State annually. In
the report for 1900 General N. P. Chipman
president of the State Board of Trade,'
set forth the following facts, which refute
the Imputations of the Government pam
phlet effectually:
The inference to be drawn from this U
that the remainder of California, north of
lehachapi, is less adapted to fruit grow
ing than is the section south. That
would natural. 1 y be inferred by readers
unacquainted with the real facts, and th»
damage Is the greater because the pub
lication in which the statement was mado
bears the imprint of the United States
Government, fcjuch publications have a
wide circulation, going to European coun
tries and being sent to thousands of
farmers and other land owners in the
Eastern States, who are naturally influ
enced by what the Government publishes
as ascertained facts.
Wrong Inferences Drawn.
The injustice complained of was com
mitted in a pamphlet published by the De
partment of Agriculture, in which the fol
lowing statement was officially made:
The fruit Industry of the Pacific Slope' has,
within recent years, grown to enormous pro
portions. This is particularly true of South
ern California, which has a climate and soil
fcplendidly adapted to fruit culture.
. The United Statcs^Pepartment of Ag
riculture has sentTSi.'S: ; Holmes,', a special
agent of the department, to California on
a special mission, an important part of
which Is to right an injustice against Cen
tral and Northern California— all of that
part of .the State that lies north of Te
hachapi. Mr. Holmes has been in Califor
nia before and is well acquainted with
many sections of the PaciHc Coast. His
knowledge of the existing material con
ditions undoubtedly led to his being se
lected to come here at .this time."- -
Thieves Enter^Residence
and'Lock Door When - ;
'• \u25a0\u25a0/ \u25a0'.,.;. ;\u25a0' They^ Leave., ,
Turn Verein Hall Trans
formed Into German
Town. \u25a0 v i '
Government Takes Steps
to Undo Wrong* to
This State.
ALLEGIANCE DUE
TO KRAEHWINKEL
AGENT ARRIVES
TO DO JUSTICE
BURGLARS USE
SKELETON KEYS
"I remember nothing about her flre.' I re
member seeing her. It made a deep impres-
"Can you tell me with how . many ships the
Brooklyn was engaged when the smoke lifted
and you saw her on her westward course „"
"She must have been engaged with all four."
"Did you see the turn-of the Brooklyn?"
\u25a0 "No.-slr. I never saw the Brooklyn until I
came out' of . the- smoke." . ,. . ' ' .-;.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
' '.'How. did the Brooklyn's fire appear to you
at that time?" • \u25a0*
I "I cannot tell you that. I have heard the
phart has limited the distance to a certain
number of - miles, and the speed of the ships
has been called in question. ' I presume fifty
or fifty-five miles." ., \u25a0 '. . ,
Distance Ships Traversed.
, "What distance was It that you wer« en
gaged in the chase of the Colon after the Vis
caya ran ashore? How many miles do you
suppose the Oregon and Brooklyn ran in tho
chase of the Colon before she surrendered?"
"Of my own knowledge and remembrance,
the signals that impressed themselves • upon
me at the time were: 'Follow the flag.' I
had this repeated to the vessels following,
thinking that they might not see the Brook
lyn and might see us. I remember another sig
nal, 'One of my compartments filled with
water.' I recollect .It because it perplexed me
a little. I was fearful that the Brooklyn might
have to haul out of action and run ln-shore,
and I concluded that it .was given to me as
a warning in case she did haul out that I
would be prepared, to look out for the chase
alone and not to pay any attention to her and
that she would look out for herself. I also
remember a signal because I did not under
stand It at first: 'The enemy's ship appears to
have been built in Italy.' to which I told the
signal officer to answer: 'She will end on the
coast of Cuba.' , I also remember a signal"
•Congratulations over the j grand victory and
thanks for your splendid assistance.' There
were other signals made. I have seen the list
of them, but these are the ones I recollect
that 'made any Impression upon me at the
time.. Of my own recollection, I cannot recall
any others." \u25a0 '
"Can you recall what they were?"
Raynor^-Did you get any signals from the
Brooklyn on the day of the battle?".
"Yes. sir."
Signals From the Brooklyn.
broadside tp the enemy's fleet , Her course
was perhaps a little divergent from ours, be
cause the Oregon was attempting to draw up
on the Teresa. But the Brooklyn and Oregon
maintained this relative position, bow and
quarter, approximately to the end of the bat
tle, the Brooklyn steaming straight ahead as
nearly as I could Judge, and engaging any
and all of the Spanish ships, the Oregon en
deavoring to . come to close action with the
sternmost one, and when she waa driven out
of action and pointed to the beach, then
pushed on for the next one ahead, and so on
until the entire fleet was driven ashore, burn
ing or sinking."
;..' Captain Clark was excused and Rear Ad-"
ml ral Schley waa called to the stand at 2:06
P- ra- , ' \u25a0\u25a0it ;*'. \u25a0\u25a0•:£.?\u25a0
. Raynor asked: .."Were any of the Spanish
vessels run • ashore or destroyed .in the chan
nel as provided in' the standing squadron or
ders to close in and destroy the enemy in the
channel?" '
"No/sir."' - - .-..:•\u25a0•
"Was the battle" of July 3 completed in ac
cordance with any - squadron orders previously
issued?" \u25a0'- -
"No, sir." . .
"Do you know anything about & signal to
close up and follow flag made 'by Commodore
Schley from the Brooklyn?" ..,-.. \u25a0..
"I remember a signal 'Follow flag* being
made because I ordered it repeated. We ; did
close up." , '-\u25a0'•• \u25a0 • . . ...
The -court asked Captain Clark the follow
ing questions:'." .. - . \u25a0 .- . \u25a0 .
• "Did any of- tho -enemy's ships indicate* an
intention- of .ramming our ships during the
early part of * the battle?" . * '\u25a0 < "
-"Not that I know of.'.-I saw nothing of it"
•• "Did. you at any. time receive an' order front
either the Navy, Department or the commander
in. chief of :the- North . Atlantic . squadron not
to expose ' the Oregon.; to -the flre-'ot- the land
batteries?',' \ r ' : ,«;;"\u25a0- ; . -.:\u25a0 ..
\u25a0 "Nor- sir." -. ; '\u25a0 .- r : .,, . . :'. \u25a0\u25a0.;\u25a0' : , . v : i . - •
Captain Clark resumed the ! witness stand
after the luncheon recess. As he took his seat
Admiral Dewey remarked to those "near him:
"It is the best house yet."
Captain . Lemly • announced that he had no
further questions. .
"No,. the 13-inch guns were fired after a con
ference with officers on board | the Oregon I
had feared damage to the. gun mechanism and
hesitated to \ use the guns, but decided to do
so. If any signal was made from the Brook
lyn I did not see it and it" was not reported
to me." \u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0 1
"Did you fire the 13-inch guns in pursuance
of a signal from the Brooklyn?" Hanna asked
and the witness replied:
Captain Clark was also questioned regarding
his statement in chief that the Brooklyn had
at one time - during the engagement engaged
four different vessels and confirmed his pre
vious testimony, saying that she was along
side all four of the enemy's ships, and in re
sponse to a question from Hanna as to whether
there were not other American vessels engaged
a.t the same time he replied: .
"The Oregon was firing as fast as she could
with her. bow guns."
Proceeding he said that for some time after
the Vlscaya went ashore, and when the Colon
only was left of the enemy's ships, the Oregon
did not fire, and when she did resume the
work only the 13-inch guns were used, with
the exception of one or two shots from the 8
inch guns . in the forward turret.
Speaking of the ranges used during the en
gagement he said that they changed so rapidly
he could not undertake to give them, and he
at last told the officers to decide the range
for themselves. . . . .
• The witness also said, In response to another
question from Hanna, that while he had seen
the Texas, he had not noticed which way she
was heading, as It was his especial concern
to clear her.
Captain Clark's examination in chief occu
pied fifteen \u25a0 minutes and at ten minutes of 1
o'clock Hanna began the cross-examination.
"Did you," he asked, "see the Iowa during
the early portion of the engagement?" \u25a0 •
"Yes," replied the witness. "I saw the Iowa
standing in toward the entrance of the harbor
and her position was a little to westward of
the Oregon. At first she seemed to be steaming
faster than we were, and I thought she was
gaining ground and would get in ahead of us
Then the smoke became so dense that I lost
sight of her, but I could see' the Spanish ships
as they came. out. Later I saw her again so
near that I was fearful that the; two ships
would collide. . Consequently, I gave the or
der, 'Hard to' starboard,' and cleared her T
never saw the Iowa again during the actio'n "
Responding to a • request ' from Hanna Cap
tain Clark described the manner in which the
Spanish ships ' came out of . the harbor
In response to another question he - said - that
the order^under- which he closed , in \u25a0 was a
standing order,, as was the order to attack at
once In case the enemy appeared.
"I 'remember." he "said. : "that I had a' feel-
Ing of 'Fatisf action' at that time that there was'
a standing order to close in because of a pos
sibility \u25a0 of ' accident in executing that * move
ment." • - ;.\u25a0:•-\u25a0 \u25a0 : . . \u25a0. \u25a0 -..-,-»> .,-.
Clark Cross-Examined.
"He turned and said: - 'Certainly, Schley, you
go also." I then felt that I had perhaps as
sumed too much in » speaking to an admiral,
and suggesting that a commodore also accom
pany me. I turned to the commodore and said:
'Commodore, we have knocked out several ves
sels this morning. We can knock out another
can't we?' He said: 'Certainly we can Come
on.' He-then started over the side and I
started after him for my boat on the other side
"What Impressed me was his cheery manner of
arf proving of my having mentioned his going
fend that he had no feeling against me for
mentioning it as a senior and was rather ap
proving in his manner."
"Was any conversation held between you
and .the commodore on board the New^York?"
"A Spanish battleship was reported by Cap
tain Eaton of the Resolute. She had arrived
oft Santiago and I think he said he had been
pursued by her. ' The admiral did not seem to
bo impressed by that. He seemed incredulous,
but I remarked that it must be Camara's fleet;
that they had arrived there to form a con-
Junction with Cervera's fleet, but they had
arrived too lote. The admiral did not assent.
Finally, he said: 'Well, Clark, you will have
to go after that ship,' and believing as I did
that there was a really Spanish vessel there, I
said: 'Admiral, In war we ought to overpower
an enemy if . possible. Why , could not the
Brooklyn go along?' " •
slon upon me to find her there, and I felt that
we- should mutually 'support and sustain each
other.. I felt that a battleship was needed and
that we- were. to be there together."
"Did you see the commodore on the day of
the battle of July 3?"
"Yes. sir."
"Will you kindly state where and when you
saw him?"
"After the New York cama up, after the sur
render of the Colon." \ "
Dr. C. C. . O'Donnell is still in the fight
for 'Mayor and will certainly win." " ; Be
sure to vote *or him. by ..writing his name
with a cross at the head of the Independ
ent column for Mayor. •
Organ prelude: . Scripture lesson, -Psalip , 97
Rev. A. C. Bane, A. M.; hymn, .'."There Is a
Calm,'.' choir -and congregation; prayer, .' Rev.
Charles McKelvey; response, choir; solo and
quartet, 'IThen Shall the King Say"; Scripture
lesson, John xiv. Rev. F. D. • Bovard. ~ D.I>. ;
contralto solo, ''A .Dream of \u25a0 Paradise,"" Miss
Mary Rose. Address, Rev. Robert Mackenzie •
D.D.; anthem, "I Will Lift Up Mine Eyes."'
choir; ."The Cup of Tears," Rev. Charles Mc-
Kelvey; hymn,. "Xearer, . My God, ' to 'Thee "
choir and congregation; benediction, -Rev. S H
Wllley, D.D. j organ postlude; choir— Miss Mary
Chester Williams, soprano; Miss Mary " Rose
contralto; J. Hughs Davies, tenor; George -B
McBrlde. bass; Otto Fllessner, - organist and
choir leader. . . . . 1 \u25a0 : \u25a0 \u25a0
A memorial service 1 for Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Crocker and Mrs. Metha Nelson
will be held Sunday afternoon In theT
chapePof the Old People's Home at the
corner of Pine and Pierce streets. A pro
gramme of sacred hymns, prayer and
Scripture lessons appropriate for the'sol
emn occasion has \u25a0 been arranged. •' Music
will be furnished by the choir of the First
Presbyterian Church. The programme
follows: "
3SIr. and Mrs. Charles Crocker .and
Mrs. Metha Nelson Will Be Re
membered in Prayer. ' . '. :
MEMORIAL SERVICE AT .
OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
BAKERS FIELD, Oct. 24.— G. Erickson
when seen to-night, said that he knew
J. P. Rowe In this city between three and
four years ago. Rowe was at that time
superintendent of the asphalt works at
Asphalto, near Sunset. Erickson said
that Rowe was a single man of good
habits, to the best of his knowledge. He
was in . poor health and frequently com
plained of his physical condition, although
appearing to be a man of robust con
stitution. Rowe while in this city on a
visit would stop at the Arlington Hotel,
at which place Erickson was then a clerk.
Erickson stated that while he was well
acquainted with Rowe, he knew nothing
of any trouble which would lead him to
commit suicide unless it might be his
poor health. s . . ...
Inquiries made at the city addresses
found in the memorandum book showed
that no one was known at those places
who dressed in the manner indicated by
the clothing found on the wharf.
It is thought from tne fact that the
name J. P. Rowe" appears on each fly
leaf of the memorandum book found in
the overcoat and also that the piece of a
silk handkerchief found in the clothing
bore the initial "R." that Rowe was the
name of the owner of the clothing.
Inquiries made by telegraph in Bakers
field last night show that Gus Erickson
was formerly clerk of the Arlington Ho
tel and is now keeping a cigar store. Tib
bits was located as a watchman for the
Kern County Land Company.
In the pocket of the sack coat was a
small red leather memorandum book.
The names, "Gus Erickson, Arlington
Hotel, Bakersneld," and "Bert Tibbitts."
were written in pencil on one page and on
another was written "Mr. W. E. Burke,
please give the key to Joe; he has bought
the house, and oblige Rowe and Russell."
On a torn page of the book was written
"Antoine Cook, Asphaltum, Cala.; Georg
Wyley, Decota; 243 Third street, 1139 Fol
som street."
On the fly leaf of the book the address
"J. P. Rowe, Piute, Cala," was faintly
written in pencil and the same name ap
peared on the other fly leaf.
On the top of the clothing was found a
piege of a silk handkerchief with the let
ter "R" embroidered on it.
Absolutely nothing else waa found in
the clothing to give a clew as to the iden
tity of the owner.
At 10:30 on "Wednesday night H. F.
Stone, night watchman for the Simpson
Lumber Company, found the clothes on
the end of the Powell-street wharf.
Stone stated yesterday that he had seen
no one around the wharf and could throw
no light on the mysterious find. The cloth
ing consisted of a light brown top coat,
a dark blue serge sack coat, a black Fe
dora hat and a pair of black lace boots.
"A report was made; to the Police De
partment yesterday morning 1 of the find
ing of a man's Clothing on the •wharf at
the foot of Powell street on the previous
night, and it is thought the owner of the
clothing committed suicide by jumping
Into the bav. ".." '_' -
Man's Clothing Pound
; on Wharf at Powell
- Street.
SUICIDE LEAVES
BUT SMALL CLEW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
MEMBERS OF BUENA VISTA PARLOR, NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN WEST, WHO WILL APPEAR IN
THE COMING MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT AND DISPLAY; THEIR TALENT AS RAGTIME JESTERS ; AND
. WIELDERS OF'INSTRUMENTS THAT GO TO' MAKE THE GENUINE BLACKFACE PERFORMANCE. ' '
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY
Must Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
The finest contour of a female face, the
sweetest smile of a female mouth, loses
something if- the head is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair. It is
now known. Is caused by a parasite that
burrows Into the scalp to the root of the
hair, where it saps the vitality. The lit-
tle white scales the germ throws up in
burrowing are called dandruff. To cure
dandruff permanently, then, and to stop
falling hair, that germ must be killed^
Newbro's . Herpicide, an entirely new re-
sult of the chemical laboratory, destroys
the dandruff germ and, of course, stops
the falling hair and cures baldness.
When' Prof. Munyon «ay» his Dyspepsia Cnro
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the truth. It will cure a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating 1 and
. over-drinkinjr. It will cure a -stomach that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. I twill do much
toward making an old stomach act like a sound one.
At all druggists, 25 cents. \u25a0 Fifty-six other cares.
Muayn, Kew York and Philadelphia.
MOYO.VS ISHALEE CURES CJ.TABBH.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
{gUSEUHOF ANATOim
0 C2) 1551UA3SSTS*T.l:s*..6i47i,S.P.Ci!. A
V - J^f The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
m f"ofe'»v World - Weaknesses or any contracted A
' jSs£s±>J <*se«e posWW.-lr mrerf hy the olcieu T
O pH] Specialist on the Coast Esc. 36 years. ©
$ flSSl D3 « JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN /)
\ f^Sc^H Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A I l*e/ H Tr«ument personally or by letter. A m
\ S Jy *B \u25a0 JIM**** Curt in erery case undertaken. Y
arl llv w nte for Book, pniL.osorair«f A
" U 11^ BARBUCE, MAILED FKEB. (A.Y
X. . {J |£ valuable book for men) - \
V DWt. 2OBDAN A CO.. 1051 MarkptSt-.S. F. 7
DR.METERS&GO. jtf8l§%
Specialists. Disease \
and; weakness of «§|§5 . ?.
men. - Established f&Z A*"?^ *jS? ' '
1881. Consultation lfr| *&ff P^
and private book . juA^ • y, \
free, at office or by {?$&•', /&%£££ 1
mail. Cures guar- $$$£&£«?&&
anteed. 731 Mar- A^^^M^)M
ket street (eleva- >ra^v./^"SS&v? '
tor entrance), San
Francisco. . .
. . — _ _ , ; . . — _»
TJ T> TT Q XI 17 Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
D £\ U O H JU O e«. bootblacks, • bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers,- bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries; laundries, paper-
hangers, - printers. . calnters. shoe - f.-^ptories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. <
BUCHANAN BROS., "
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CiGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOESA ft COL
SOLD BY ALX. DRUCGI3T5»^ ' rr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
that's all. No energy-, no
vim, no vigor, no ambition.
The head aches, thoughts
are confused, memory rails.
Life becomes a round of
work but half accom-
plished, of eating that does
not nourish, of sleep that
fails to refresh and of
resting, that never rests. ;
That's the beginning of
nervous prostration, .^dssg^
•I was venr uemra/ and so tired
aad exhausted that I could not do my
work. One dose of Dr. Miles' Nervine
qaicted raj nerves and drove away the
h^situde. Seven bottles did wonders
in restoring rnr health.'' Va
Mrs. M. E. Lacy, Fortnlle, Ind. .
.m Di. Miles'jll
Nervine
strengthens the worn-out
nerves, refreshes the. tired
I brain and restores health.
Sold by drogeistt on guarantee.
D-s. Miles Medical Co, ElkharVlnd. '**Ncxu York Grain and Produce.
Chicago' Grain Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST..
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchlson 21.500 79% 78% . 784
Atchlson pfd 2.900 974 97 974
Baltimore & Ohio. 40,700 1064 • lC3?i 106VA
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 300 94 94 93 y.
Canadian Pacifle 1,400 1104 110 110
Canada Southern ....... 200 83% 83V 82
Chesapeake & Ohio MOO 46 45$ 46U
Oiic & Alton..... 600 S6% 364 J64
Ohlc A Alton pfd ' - ' 77U
Chic Ind & Louis 800 4H4 '41>4 41%
Chic Ind & Louis pfd.. 1 200 72 72 714
Chic & East Illinois f 124
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— To-day's stock markrt
rhowed what Is frequent in the progress of pro
fessional operations in the market for an ad
vance, namely, the shifting of long accounts
from ose group of stocks to another by realiz
ing w>.ere an advance in price has already oc
curred end buying into a group that has been
quiescent. The group selected for the advance
to-day was the coalers. Tbe plausible reasons
for the advance in the prices of these stock?
were the fact that the present year's output
premises to be the largest- on record,- while
prices are firmly maintained at a profitable
level, both for the mining of the coal and its
transportation to market. The policy adopted
of beginning to advance the price of coal
several months ago brought it to the maximum
Intended on September 1. This has had the
result of keeping up the demand all through
the summer months instead of throwing the
requirements for the whole •winter on the period
of cold weather, but confidence Is professed
that the business will continue large through
out the winter, and much was made of re
ports that only lack of sufficient cars placed
a limit upon the anthracite and soft coal move
ment. While the effort was rather obvious to
concentrate speculative attention of thesn
Etocks and the causes which moved them there
was realizing in St. Paul. Union Pacific. South
ern Pacinc and the Vanderbllts. which have
been advanced by the recent manipulation.
Rather less was heard of the Northern Pacific
settlement and the working out of extensive
financial plans In the transcontinental railroad
field. The forcing to cover of : a large out
standing short interest is an evident factor and
probably a motive for the operations for the
advance. The failure of a srsall brokerage
house, not a member cf the Stock Exchange
which was caught short of some of the stocks
recently advanced, was an indication of the
distress of that element. The heavy prpflt
taking In the Pacifies and St. Paul was em
phasized by the decided weakness of People's
Gas on threats of continued hostile lawsuits.
The stock fell an extreme 3 points, closing at
about the lowest. Amalgamated Copper was
also decidedly weak early in the day. The
personality of the sellers gave the aopearance
of Inside liquidation. The stocks rallied well,
however, and closed with a small gain. There
•was. rather more urgent Belling of the United
Ftates Steel' stocks than for come time past,
but the decline was restricted to a fraction and
was partly recovered. Among the gains that
in Lacka wanna reached 8: Delaware and Hud
son and Baltimore and Ohio. 3: Chicago Great
AV«rtern. 4U. and others of the coalers be
tween 1 and 2. Part of 'these advances were
yielded before the closing, which was hea^
and n«**r the lowest forborne stocks.
St. Paul's extreme decline wan 2V4. Chicago
Oreat Western 24, Union Padflc 1%, and others
& point or over. _^
Conditions In the money market were with
out notable change. The sub-Treasury on Its
routine operations has resumed Its earlier con
tributions to the market account payments for
g-old deposited at Pacific Coast point*
The railroad bond market continued quite ar
tiv*. but realizing in the convertible bonds
read* H Irregular. Total sales, par value. $3,-
Ey..ooo. . : \u25a0. - . \u25a0
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call .;
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
n — _ £
• CHICAGO, Oct. 24.-Corn had the stronger
and larger market, the early strength being
imparted by improved cables, which doubtless
j were followlnic the advance here yesterday
1 December opened a shade to 4(giUc higher at
! WaeMKc. but an early weakness in wheat re
suiung irom proat-taking depressed the coarser
cereal until December sold at 564c following
this sac came renewed buying by the profes
sional clique that bulled the market yesterday,
an( i Jj h .°2; s rushed to cover. December sold up
to o6Ji@67c. but toward .the end uf the session
pront-takins eased" the market to 5«%te6b*ic
where It closed. He above yesterday. '
Vt heat had some little spurts of activity and
ruled with a firm undertone. The outsfde
trade was ' unlnioortant. but . Improved cables
and -continued news of damage to the Argen
t «^^? n V D i 1 ""?"^?. 1 an advance at the opening
of 4QHc to i4(g/%c for December at 71%!tf71Uc
On this advance there was a reversal of feel
ing among the bulls and a quantity of long
wheat came out for profit-taking. This and re
ports of a free movement In the Northwest
brought December to 70*ic. For a time every
one wanted to sell and the market became
oversold. The better feeling In the corn pit
brought a quick reaction, however, shorts cov
ering until December touched its opening price
again. Commission houses had cood resting
orders at 71c and longs took profits to this
figure. December closed steady, a shade
under yesterday's close, at 71c.
Oats were active and higher In sympathy
with other cralns. December closed a shade
higher at 354035%c.
Provisions were" dull and narrow, with an
easier feeling prevailing in the pit. January
pork closed unchanged and ribs a shade lower
The leading futures ranged as follows: . v
Articles— Open. HighT~Low. Close"
Wheat No, 2—,
October ..' 70
December 71% 71% 70% 71
"coW Ni"Sl-" 7< * , 74 * 74 * ™
Octpber 55?s
December 58% 57 . 564 56«
May 58% • 59 58% 58^
Oats No. 2— • \u25a0
October 35 354 34% 35
December 354 35% 30% zi*i
May .' 37% 37% 37% 37H
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 15 15 15 15 15 024 15 10
May 15 174 15 174 15 074 15 17U
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 9 05 9 05 8 97li 9 00
November .'."... 9 024 9 024 8 974' 8 974
January 8 95 8 95 8 874 8 D24
Short Ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
October \. .... .... 8 20
January 7 85 7 874 7 774 7 83
May ...' 7 974 7 974 7 93 7 85
Cash quotations were as follows: >.
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 66@694c:
No. 2 red. 71'4@72c; No. 2 yellow corn. 574(fi>
574c; No. 2 oats. 36%«?36%c: No. 2 white 1 3SVs
(if29%c: No. 3 white. 38@3S4c; No. 2. rye, 554c:
fair to choice malting barley. 54@574c; No 1
ftaxseed. Northwestern, $151; prime timothy
seed. $5 60@3 75; mess pork, per barrel. $13 7."fij>
13 80; lard, per 109 pounds, $9©9 024: short rib3
sides (looro). $8 15@8 30; dry /salted shoulders
( boxed). 74®"%c; short' clear sides (boxed).
;S 75®S 85; whisky, basis or high wines, $130.
Articles— ' Receipt!". Shipments
Flour, barrels 341,000 ' 32,000
Wheat, bushels 212.000 141,000
Corn, bushels .'. :.. 168.000 123.000
Oats, bushels 222,000, 269,000
Rye. bushels ....' ll.oOO
Barley, ' bushels ...;....'..: 130,000 36,000
• On the -Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was stpady. Creameries. 14(3>214c; Dal.
rles,'- 13®19c- Cheese, •' steady 9%@10%c. ' Eggs
flrm; fresh, 184@19c. •
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— \u25a0• , Dec. March.
Opening. '. 5 8% 6 10VJ
Closing 5 9 5 10%
. ; x PARIS..
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ...1. 20 75 2180 .
Closing .20 70 2185.
Flour — . ...-.,
Opening •.....'.. ...:.' ....26 65 27 75 '
Closing .26 65 27 85
• Eastern Livestock Market/
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8000;
slow, but steady, j Good to prime steers, $6 20©
6 80; no fancy here; poor to medium, $3 75®
5 90; stockers and feeders, $2 25f?T4 25; cows
$1 25if4-75; heifers, $2 E0@5 60; canners, $1 25P
2 25; bulls, $17504.50: calves, $3@6; Texas fed
i steers, $2 75@3 SO; Western" steers. $3 65@5 40. ,
-HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 24.000: to-morrow,
20.000: left over. 2500 head. Market opened
steady to strong; closed firm.. Mixed ,. and
butchers',. $5 90^6 55; good to- choice. heavy, $6
@6 60; rousrh heavy; $5 5O<0>5 90; light, $5 850
6 10: bulk of sales. $5 95@6 20. . \u25a0 .
'. SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; sheep slow to- 10a
lower; • lambs 10@15c lower.' Good to "choice
wethers, $3 40@3 75; fair to choice mixed, $2 85
@3 40; -Western sheep, $3@3 '80: < native lambs.
$2 50@4 65; Western lambs, $3 25@4 40. -.
\u25a0\u25a0'-: • • ST." JOSEPH. • '
ST.' JOSEPH, Mo., Oct." 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1700; market steady to strong. Natives,
$2 80@6 40; Texans and Westerns, $2 75@6; cows
and heifers, $1 25@5; bulls and stags, $2@4 60;
stockers and feeders,' $3 25@4 10; yearlings and
calves, $1 90@3 80; veals," $3 25@6 25.' . .
\u25a0 HOGS— Receipts." 7500; market steady. Pigs
unchanged. Light and light- mixed,. $5 90(176 05;
medium and heavy. $3 90@t$ 20;. pigs, $4 50@C;
bulk of sales, $5 90@6 05. - ' , \u25a0,.•.;
SHEEP— Receipts, "1560; /market" steady "to
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 24—5 p, m.
The following lira the »euional rainfalls to
tate, as compared with thom- of rame date last
ifjfon, and ra.lnft.ll In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 4.81 6.22
Rrd Bluff Trace 1.93 J.Oi
Sacramento ............ Trace 0.56 1.02
San Francisco .. .00 0.82 1.43
Fresno ~ 02 0.63 0.44
Independence .00 0.77 0.84
Fan Luis Oblspo 00 0.28 1.93
Los Angelcc 00 0.12 0.26
San Diego 00 0.06 0.33
San FrandFco data: Maximum temperature,
66: minimum, 56; mean, 6L.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures wrre reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 76-4C; Cincinnati, 80-56; Washington,
84-58; Jacksonville. 78-56; New York. 74-52;
Kansas City. 7S-5S; Omaha, 80-52; Duluth, 70-44;
Salt Lake City. 68-50; Chicago, 82-50; St. Loui?.
82-60; Philadelphia, 80-56.
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION. § Ba?3 V~ l: I
I is! 1 1§ r I
: • : z • a
Astoria 30.02 64 54 S Cloudy
Baker , 30.06 72 28 Cloudy .00
Carson 30.00 6S 44 N\V Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.9S 60 54 NW Cloudy T.
Fresno 23.90 U 69 S Cloudy .00
FlagsULS £0.22 56 36 E Pt Cldy T.
Pocatello, Idaho. 33.12 66 42 SE Clear .00
Independence 29.86 68 'J' S Cloudy .00
Los Angeles 29. 9S 74 58 W Cloudy .00
Phoenix 2S.94 86 58 SE Clear .03
Portland 30.00 74 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29.92 78 62 NW Pt Cldy .00
Ttoseburg 29.96 76 44 W Pt Cldy .0)
Sacramento 23.90 8J 69 S Cloudy .00
Halt Lake 30.12 C8 50 NW Cloudy .00
San Francisco ..29.94 6« 56 W Cloudy .OD :
San Luis Oblspo.30.00 70 5S S Cloudy .M
San Diego 30.00 68 6!) W Cloudy .00
Seattle ;.30.05 74 54 W Clear .00
Ppokane 30.08 68 42 XE Cloudy .00
Bay 30.04 64 5? SW Cloudy .00
"U"alla Walla 30.02 76 44 SW -Pt Cldy .00
TUnnemucca 30.02 68 36 NE Clear .00
Tom* 23.9Q SS 60 SW Clear .00
Temperatnre at 7 a. m.. 5S.
VTEATBEB CONDITIONS A>*D GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy, unsettled weather prevails over, the
eatira Pacific Coast. A depression of moderate
depth overlies the great valleys of California
end conditions are ttill favorable for fair anl
settled \u25a0weather. • \u25a0 • «•
The pressure has risen on the coast north of
Cape Mendocino: elsewhere there has been but
little chacgre. The temperature continues above
the normal in the San Joaquin and Sacramento
valleys. Warm weather also prevails in Ore
gon and Washington.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 25. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday; probably light showers; fresh
southeast winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
\u25a0weather Friday; possibly showers In northern
rtortlon: fresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; cooler at night; fresh
northeast winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
becoming threatening at nieht: fresh south
cart winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... ..— $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 874
Sterling Cables — • 4 884
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Silver, per ounce' — . 57V*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 474
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool, futures were
flrm. ' Continued bad ' crop reports were re
ceived .from the Argentine. '.'..-" •'*•
j Chicago was flrm on cables and moderate re
ceipts, but the crowd was bearish and fought
the advance. Wall street was a good buyer.
This market ruled firm for shipping grades.
Wednesday's advance being maintained with
out difficulty. Futures were also firm, but
duller.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97 1 / £#9S : Kc: milling,
$1@1 024 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
\u25a0Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 24,000 ctls, $1; 12,-
OCO. S9%c. May— 2C00, $1044-
Regular Morning - Session— May— 20CO ctls,
$104H: 200<) . $1044. December— 6C00. 99%c.
Afternoon Session — December— 18,000 ctls,
99%c. May-SOOO. $1 04V 4 . . .
BARLEY— Dealers are generally asking a
shade more for spot feed, but the market con
tinues neglected, with no sales of importance
reported. The situation has been very unsat
isfactory for some time." . -' ,
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72V4c for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 7"4@824c; Chevalier. 95c@« 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. . .
Regular Morning' Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Offerings are very heavy and the mar
ket has lost Its snap. There is now very little
Inquiry from any quarter.
Grays. $1@1 2u; wiiltes. $U3@1 30;. black. $1©
1 20. and red. $1 05*51 174 per ctl. ;
CORN — A thousand ctls \u25a0 arrived from th«
East,, the first Importation from this quarter
for some time. The market Is dull and un
changed. . .
Large yellow- is quoted at $150;- small round
yellow. $1 f.0@l 60; Eastern white. In bulk
$1 6.1 per otl. . •
RYE— 75@76 1 /4c per ctl ar.d weak. \u25a0
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family . Extras, $3 23®
3 50.- usual, terms; Bakers' Extras, %Z 1S@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50®2 75 per • barrel for family and
$2 75© 3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. • .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks- are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour.' $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $0; Hominy. $4
©4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85(38 35; in sacks,
$G 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green
Peas, J6 50 per 100 lbs. ' * ; .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay were only 328 tons, includ
ing 27 cars. The market was; steady and
showed no change worthy of note." Feedstuffs
were also unchanged. Bran and Middlings
continue weak.
BRAN— $19© 20. per ton. ........
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 E0 per ton.-
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ?16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27® 2S: Jobbing. ?28 50
g?29; Cocoanut Cake, $20#21; Corn Meal, $33©
34: Cracked Corn, $33 50(§34 50: Mixed Feed. $1S
(f 19.
HAY— Wheat, $9®12; fancy. $12 50; Wheat
and Oat, {S 50@ll SO; Oat. $S@10; Barley and
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $S@10 50; Clover, $5 50@7;
Volunteer,} $5@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue to decline, and the market is
neglected and weak. Receipts are too large,
those yesterday being 9685 sacks.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 10@2 30; Small White, $3@
3 25; Large White, $2@2 40; Pea, $2 50@4; Pink,
$2@2 25; Red, $3: Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas,
J4 50<§4 75 ; Red Kidney:, $3@3 75 per ctl.
SEKDS— Brown Mustard, $3@i 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35^3 50; Flax, $2 65® 3 25; Canary,
3Vi<&34c for Eastern; Alfalfa,- nominal; Rape,
lKfrUic: Hemp, 34c per lb. • -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@1 90; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl. • .\u25a0
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes . continue rather firm, but prices
show little' change. Onions are higher. Three
cars of Merced Sweets came in, and prices
were somewhat lower. • ' \u25a0 ;.
Vegetables .showed little variation. Beans
and Tomatoes continued overripe \u25a0\u25a0 and weak
under large supplies. Green Corn is almost
out.
POTATOES— BOigSOc in sacks for' Burbanks
from the river;- Salinas Burbanks. tl®i 30-
Oregon Burbanks, $1@1 10; River Reds, $1 50®
1 60;: Sweets, for Rivers and 75@S5c for
Merced. ,• • V
ONIONS— $1 20@l 35 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c r>er ctl. - ' v
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l^Sc for Garden ;
String Bsans, l@2c; Limas. l@14c; Cabbage,
60<?noc per ctl ; Tomatoes, from Alameda. 20®
30c: Dried Peppers. iO@12V4c; Green Okra, 30@
50c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per. sack; Cucum
bers, 3O@50c; Pickles, 24@3c per lb for small
and. 1014c for large: Garlic, l%@24c; Green
Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chile and 40® 60c
for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box; Green
Corn, from Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer Squash,
40@60c: Marrowfat Squash, $6@S per ton; Hub
bard Squash. $20. - , - \u25a0•,.
, Poultry and, Game.
Still another car= of Eastern came in. mak
ing six thus far this week. \u25a0 Receipts of local
stock were light, but the market., was weak,
owing to the free arrivals from the East. Tur
keys were lower, this being the only change.
Game came in. tainted again, .and as usual,
only . good ' stock .brought the, quotations. Re
ceipts were 51. sacks. . -.- -\u25a0\u25a0..-. .
POULTRY— Live -Turkeys, . 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150
Sil 76; Goslings, $175132; Ducks. $3^3 60 for
old and $3 50@4 50 for young: Hens,- $3 5O@4 50;
young. Rooster?., $3. 60^4 50; old -Roosters. *3 50©
4; Fryers. $3 J0@4: Broilers. $3 50@4 for large
and. $3 50 for 'email; Pigeons, -$1 23(fl 50 per
, dozen for old. and $1 75«J2.for Squabs. .
1 GAME— Doves, " per . dozen; $1;' Hare,. 50c® Jl,
-\u25a0:-. \u25a0 \u25a0 . "Cf_ • „.. ." , ; _".,,'- . . , .' \u25a0_..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ...
LOCAL. MARKETS.
Rabbits, fl 50 for Cottontails arid.U'for Brush; ;
Mallard, '\u25a0' $4©6; Canvasback, ' $4@6; Sprig.
$263; Teal. $1 60®2; Widgeon. > $1 50@2;'-Small
Ducks, $1 50;. Black Jacks. -; - English
Snipe, |2@2 50; Jack Snipe, U 50; r Gray Geese,
|3@3 60; White Geese, 75c@$l per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs/.
Fancy creamery Butter Is reported cleaning
up rather better by most dealers, but all other
grades continue to drag. There, .is., no. scarcity.
\u25a0 Cheese remains as before \u25a0 quoted.
The Egg situation remains as . previously
given. Stocks are sufficient without being ex
cessive, and, the demand is slow. ;
'Receipts were 16,600 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 465" cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 11,700 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese. \u25a0 1 «
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@29c , per lb ' for
fancy and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, 18@25c;
atore Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
224c; Pickled Roll. 19@20c;"Keg, 18@19c per.lb.
CHEESE— New. 114@12c; old. 104c; Young
America, >124@13c per lb; Eastern, 13® 15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 3S@40c for selected large, S3
@374c for good to choice and 324@34c for fair;
<tore, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern. 18@24c. \u25a0 •: . . , :
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits: "\ \
• The market was featureless and very dull.
Hardly enough Peaches came Jn to quote, and
the other tree fruits were quiet. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
Good Melons .sold fairly, but * poor stock
dragged. Grapes showed little change. •.
Citrus fruits continued quiet at previous
prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c®$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25<3fi5c for ordinary.
PLUMS-4O06OO per box.
PEACHES-ln carriers, »1. Arrival*, very
POMEGRANATES— B0c©H per box.
PBAR8— Winter i'eari. 6Uc«|l 25 per box.
QUINCER-40(560o per box,
PERSIMMON8-75c®$l per box.
8THAWHKUIUKS-$iiM7 per chest for Long
wnrthn nnd !3W4ifor large berries.
DLACKBEnniEB per chest.
LOGAN BBRniES per cheit. . '
RA8HMKHKIKH-I4Q5 per rhest.
HUCKLKnERniE8-Per lb, J07o.
CUANKKKtUKH-i.'Him Cod, I'J 6u per barrel;
Coo* Ray. 12 SOifi.i per box,
FIOS— Black, 40075o; White, 404140a per box.
MELONH-Nutmegi, 40®«So p«r box: Canta
loupp«, COoOll per cratt; Watormtlom, UOIS
ohAPJCB— Verdels, 25®60o per box and eratt;
Tokiiy. 2r.«70o; Muscat. 26(ff6Sa; Dlaek, 2SO80o;
loiih^lio, ; Cornlchon, 60<»75o; Wine Qrapes,
VWM per ton for ZlnfamTel and »20<S25 for
White.
crrntJH rnuiTS-OranuM, WcC$2 for com.
mon, $3 2'y 3 75 for good to choice, and 14 for
fancy; new Navels, 12 C0®3 60; Lemons, HOI 2S
for common and I2?f3 for good to choice; Qrape
Fruit, U60Q4; Mexican Limps, $«O7; Bananas,
lluOri/2 50 per bunch; Plneapplei, f4@3 per
dozen. ' .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues dull, both here and in
the East. Prices are as before. •
FRUITS— Apricots. 7QS4c for Royals and MS
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 64©7c; sun-dried, • 3V4@4V4c;
Peach»«. B@7V4c: Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted,
34<55c; unpitted, l®2c; Nectarines, 6S6c for
red and 54 ( &6Hc for white; Figs, 3@34c for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as. follows:
30-40' 8. 5V4@5Hc; 40-50" 8, 4%@3c; 50-60' s, 4#@
44c; 60-70's. 3V 4 @4c; 70-80's. 3V4@3'/4c; 80-90' s, 2%
&3c; 90-100's. 2V4@2V4c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price, per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. %3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. *1 75; 4
crewn, |1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$120; two-crown. $110. Price per lb: Stan
dard loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 44c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels. 4V»c; Seedless Sultanas, .54c;- Thompson
Seedless,' 64c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy. 84c;
choice, 74c; standard. 64c; prime, 5 J ,£c;- un
bleached Sultanas, 5c Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard, 74c; prime. 64c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded, 5%c. •" <
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8(S124c: Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9Vic; No. 2. 74c; No.l hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for. papershell, 10
Q'llc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. J@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@124c;
Filberts 12iS'124c; Pecans, ll@13c;. Cocoanuts,
?3 50(35.
HONEY— Comb, 12©12«4c for bright and 10(9 1
imc for light amber; water white extracted,
r,@6c- light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25g 28c per lb.
Provisions. •"-/-'
Chicago was weak and a shade lower on the
jiay. This market remained as - before.- -The
feeling is weak. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12»icper lb for
heavy. 124013c for light medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured .Hams, 14c: California
Hams, 13V>c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel ;: extra
Mess, $12; Family," $12 50; Prime Mess Pork
»15; extra clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c -per. lb for
compound and 12c -for pure; half -barrels, purs,
12Vic; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12?ic; 3-lb tins,
12c. '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10Hc; one tierce, 10Hc; two tierces,
ltfc; nve tierces. 9T4c per lb.
Hides', Tallow, Wool and Heps. '
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands ae'll
about 14c under quotations. ' Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c;'Cow Hides,
94c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip. 94c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted J Calf, 10^
104c; Dry Hides. 16@164c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. lS@19c; Culls and Brands,
16S17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool. 40!fiuCc each; medium, 5O@75c; long
Wool, D0c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 I
<?12 75 for large and $2Q2 25 for medium, $1 7o |
for Email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 23 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rendered, 5®
54c per lb; No. C, 4@iV4c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14 &
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll©13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 11© 13c; do, fair to good, 9£
lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 64@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 74@0c: Middle County. SiglOc; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective. S(g9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9(S 10c for fair and ll@13c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers continue to call attention to the lib
eral receipts of small Hogs, though the mar
ket holds up to the previous quotation.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . .- ;
BEEF— 6@64c for Steers and 5@54c per lb
for Cows. • • . .
VEAL— Large, "4<@S4c: small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 64@7c; Ewes. 6@64c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; 'feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 4)
per cent oft from the above quotations- dressed
Hogs. 7iy?9c.
General Merchandise..
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, 4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, " 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 74@8c; Fruit • Bags, 5%4f
6i,fcc for cotton and 7@7&c for.Jute^
COAL— Wellington, $9 per' ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend
*9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and IS 50 per ton, according to
brand. . . • . :. , \u25a0 .. \u25a0 .
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No 1
70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled!
74c; raw. 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases 90c :
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm,^ pure 65c'
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon :
Fish Oil barrels 374c: cases. 424c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrele, 634c for Ceylon and 5S4c for Aus
tralian. \u25a0 • ......
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil/ in bulk
134c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star'
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene 22c'
deodorized stove Gasoline, in. bulk. 15c* in
cases, 214c: Benzine, in - bulk, 14c; in cases
20Hc; SG-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases,
264c. . \u25a0'. . • \u25a0 .; \u25a0 .. , -
TURPENTINE— 584c per pallonln cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sucar Reflninx Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cube3, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
d"ered, 4.75c; Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65c: Confectioners' A. 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A, 4.25c; Extra C 4 15c-
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.95c;^barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, ,50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barre!« or Its equivalent. .Dominos. half
barrels, 5.15c: boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated.- will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce. '/
; FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 24. .'
Flour, qr sksl... .7,048 Straw.Uons .... '23
Wheat, ctls .....; 2,390! Wine., gals 35.450
Barley, ctls ..... 6,69.1'Llme .bbls" 1 ooi
Oats, ctls 2.120 Onions. • sks ...... -609
Beans, sks .. 8,420 Middlings, sks.....' 800
Corn, ctls, East. 1,003 Bran, sks" \1 700
Rye, ctls ....:..., 1,260 Leather, rolls .... 117
Tallow, ctls ...... 222 Wool.. sks ....... ; 146
Sugar, ctls ...... 2.213 Hops. ', bales • ...'..£,\u25a0 v . 10
Quicksilver, flks. .2"> Mustard." sks .:...''47g
Potatoes, sks ....•.'3,530 HMes.'.No ....... - 2S7
Hay," tons ../.."..' "SJS Pelts, bdls ...... 15D
: • r . -, ' OREGON. . , .
Oats, ctla ;.'.: ....... 67U \u25a0 , ,
NEW TORK, Oct. 24,-FLOUR-Recelpts.
.63,668 barrels: exports, 7417 .barrels; quiet, but
study; Minnesota patents, |3 05(?3 90,
WHISAT-ItecetnU, 27J.2M bu«hol«; ©xporti,
C2.842 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, OV,c t. 0.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 774o elevator; No. 1 North
em Dututh, 78%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 8S4c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
nrm..on cables, but yielded on proM-taklng.
Later In the day on small Northwest receipts, a
rally in corn, renewed bullish Argentina news
and general covering, the market regained Its
strung underV>ne and closed steady at Vi0'4c
net advance. May, 79%(J60c, closed at li%c;
October, 70%^76e, closed at 76c; December,
76 15-1«<877 6-16e, closed at 77%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, steady; Cordova, 74<3>Hc The market
for futures opened steady in tone at an advance
of 10@15 points on local covering, foreign and
••metal clique" buying: and a lack of offerings.
Realizing and bear selling proved a stumbling
block to bull traders and the market sagged.
•The close was weak with prices 2tM?30 points
net lower. Including October at $G 20; Novem
ber. $6 05@6 20; December. $6 0G@6 40; January
16 10@6 60; March. $6 6C@6 75; April. 16 85.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 5-16c:
centrifugal, .96 test, l%z; molasses sugar, 3%c:
refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4200 packages; steady;
State dairy,- 14(g21c; creamery, 15@£2 1 / Jc; June
creamery. 174@214c: factory, 12»>@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8224 packages; steady; West
ern candled. 214c; Western uncandled, 16@21c.
\u25a0 DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled very
quiet to-day, but had a steady undertone owing
to late offerings. State, common to good, 6@Sc
prime, S4c; choice, 9c; fancy, SttSakc. Cal
ifornia dried fruits were quiet. Prunes 3%@7c
Apricots— Royal, 84@13c; Moorpark. S@12c!
Peaches— Peeled. ll@lSc; unpeeled 6@D4c
CMC A Omit Wot SUOO 26% 2h% 2SH
Chic & Orria \V A pfd.. »W hVi 864 87H
Chic & Great W 1) pfd.. C100 60 46% 49%
Chle A Northwestern... 1.700 211 209 ' 20s>»
Chic Hock Is A Pac... 2,100 144% ! 143<4 1434
Chic Term A Tran 20%
Chic Term ft Traa pfd. 1,600 S$4 37 li 374
C C C 4 8t Louis 1,200 i'S'4 95 9S%
Colo Southern S.200 14\- 13% 14Vi
Colo Southern l*t prd... 100 B4>4 64 B4
Colo Southern 2d pr<1.... 100 J4V. 24V4 24«4
Delaware ft Hudson.... 10,600 172% 169 170ft
Del Lack ft West 7.1C0 23« 2284 232
Denver ft Rio Grand*.. 300 45 44% 444
Denver & R O pfd 1.409 82%l 92 »l\
Erie 50.600 42>4 41U 414
Erie 1st pfd 3,800 70Vi 69T4 70
Erie 2d pfd 3,200 56% 56% 55H
Great Northern pfd 200 194% 194 193 ,
Hocking Valley 200 54% 54% 64%
Hocking Valley pfd 900 764 75% 76
Illinois Central 2,400 147* 147 147«4
Iow a Central POO 41% 41% 41
Iowa Central pfd........ 200 77% 7"4 77 '
Lake Erie & West 100 69% f9% G9
Lake Erie & Weft pfd. .., ;... 125
: Louisville & Nashville.'. 12.100 104%. 1C3H 104
Manhattan L. 3.700 1214 120% 1204
Metropolltsn St Ry SCO 158«4 157 157
Mexican Central „. S00 22% 22% 22%
Mexican' National 900 14% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 600 111 1104 110U
Missouri Pacific 1,200 964 95% 95%
Mo Kans &.Ter.._ 400 - 26H 26 26
Mo Kans & Tex pfd.... 200 50** 50 60
New Jersey Central \u25a0 700 166 164 165
New York Central 11,500 1594 158% 138%
Norfolk & Western 1,600 56% 56 56
Xorfolk & "Western pfd. ' 100 90 90 894
Northern Pacific pfd 2,100 104>4 1034 103%
Ontario & Western 23,100 34% 33% 34
Pennsylvania 18,200 148 148 147%
gea^'ng 59,100 42>4 41 41%
Readins 1st pfd 11.400 77\i 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 8,100 53H 524 62%
fct L & San Fran 600 42«4 42 424
St L &, San Fran 1st pfd 77U
St L & San Fran 2d pfd 200 67% 674 67
St L Southwestern 10O 27 27 27
St L Southwestern pfd.. 1.800 57 56% 56
I. » au ,' •;: 49>20 ° 170 % 168 * 168%
St Paul pfd 1,300 19! 1914 m
Southern Pacific 46.100 61V 4 C0% 604
Southern Railway 7.200 33 32% 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.S00 874 86T4 87%
Texas & Pacific 2,500 394 38% 39
To edo St L & West 300 21 20% 20%
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 35 35 34
Union Pacific .. 10S.6C0 1C274 101 101%
Lnion Pacific pfd 900 89% 89% 89%
T\abash .. 400 204 204 20%
W abash pfd S00 37 86% 362
Wheeling & Lake Erie "; * ft?
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd "" 284
"Wisconsin Central soo »l% 21" n
Wisconsin Central pfd.. .600 414 40% 40%
Express Companies— *
Adams jc 5
American " ' ion
United States :.. --**" "" 90
Wells-Fargo " ""* ,50
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 39,600 874 87% 874
Amer Car & Foundry... 1,500 " 254 25% *>5«
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. . 100 SI Si 80%
American Linseed Oil ib
Amer Linseed Oil pfd 47
Amer Smelting & Refng 1.000 44'4 ' 44~" 44
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd 100 97 97 s;
Anaconda Mining Co... 2.C00 36% 354 33%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 14.500 624 614 61%
Colorado Fuel '& Iron. . . 1,500 95U 93% 94
Consolidated Gas 1,400 217% 217 217
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 1154 1154 1151A
General Electric 200 259% 259 »59 "
Glucose Sugar 2,100 40' 37 "39%
Hocking Coal 500 14 13% 14
International Paper . 400 21 204 204
International Paper pfd 200 76% 764 76%
International Power 1,000 91% 90 90
Laclede Gas 9>>ii
National Biscuit 100 42 4' 4l2
National Lead SOO 19 19 1SV4
National Salt 31
National Salt pfd '.*. "" 64
North American 100 94 94' 94
E ac '2 c 1 200 63 63 62
Pacific Mail 300 44% 44 44
People's Gas 27,000 106% 103% 104
Pressed Steel Car 900 40% 40% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 400 81% 81% 814
Pullman Palace Car.... ..... .... 120
Republic Steel 400 15% 15 "15
Republic Steel pfd 100 66 66 66
Sugar ... 1,600 121% 119?.' 120
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 330 60% 60 60
Union Bag & Paper Co 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd 70
Un'ted States Leather.. 1.500 12% 124 12« |
IT'S Leather pfd. .:...'. si
United States Rubber ' 15
US Rubber pfd ' ' 5o
United States Steel 22,400 4S4 \->V>. vv.
US Steel pfd 25,100 P2% 31% 92
Western Union soo 9ij$ 914 9^
Total sales 823,800
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, [Hocking Val 44s. .107
reg 10S4IL & Nash uni 4s. .1014
do coup lOS'/j Mex Cent 4s S3U
do 3s reg 1074 do 1st inc . 30
do coup 10gi; Minn & St L 4s. 103
do new 4a reg....l3S M K & T 4s 99%
do coup, 1S9 do 2ds 80
do old 4s reg 111% N Y Cent lsts 105%
do coup 111% do gen 34s 109
do Is reg 106% N J Cent gen 5s.. 131
do coup ...: 1074 North Pac 4s 1044
Atchison gen 4s. ...1034! do 3s .„ 72%
do adj 4s :. 97% N & W con 4s 102'4
Bait & Ohio 4s 1024 Reading gen 4s ... 66%
do 34s 96% St L & I M con 5s. 116
do conv 4s lObVtiSt L & S F 4s.. 95 I
Can South 2ds ....1094 ( St Louie SW lsts. 9S% '
Cent of Ga 5s 108 do 2ds 784 ]
do 1st inc 72 S A & Ar Pass 4s. 87% j
Ches & Ohio 44s. .107% South Pac 4s 93% !
Chi & Alton 34s.. 85U South Ry 5s ......119% |
C B & Q new 4s.. 9SV4 Tex & Pac Ists....l2o'
C M & St P g 4s. .110U Tol St L & W 4s.. 814
C 4 N W con 7s.. 133 Union Pae 4s: 105%
C R I Pac 4s 1064 do conv 4s 108% i
C C C & St L g 48.103 Wabash lsts 12l>4
Chi Term 4s 94 do 2ds 1104
Colo & South 4s... 88% do deb B 58
D & R G 4s 102% West Shore 4S.....1134
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 98 Wheel & L E 4s... 91>i
_ do eren 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s ..;.... 884
Ft W & D C lsts.108 Con Tobacco 4s.... 63U
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20, Little Chief '..:.... 12
Allce 40 Ontario 1050
Breece ..... 1 40 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con ... WJPhoenlx 05
Comstock Tunnel.. OllPotosi 05
Con Cal & Va 1 70|Savage 07
Deadwopd Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada .... 14
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes .. 40
J ro ° S v er el Standard 3 30
Leadvllle Con 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— j Union Land ....... v 2U
Call loans ...3«J4 West End .... 93^
T 'i" e >°ans .....34©44 Westingh Elee \ ."' 72
Stocks— Bonds—
A^iuti ,£ Mining shares-
Am Sugar 120 Adventure 24
Am Telephone ....158 Blngham .......... M
loRton & Albany.2564 Amalg Copper .. 894
Boston Elevated... 167 Atlantic 87
Boston & Maine... m Calumet &'Hecla.'675
DonyCcal 45% Centennial ....... 18%
*% Prefd 1174 Franklin ........ il
Fitchburg prefd ..144 pES&K-SwSjS
Ed Elec 111. 240 Quincy . i«0^
8!l Sfc:::::*??? &^^|fllg
Lnion Pac - v 101% Wolverines ." 60
London Market:
NEW, YORK, "-.Oct CiT-The Commercial Ad
vertiser s London financial cablegram 1 says-
The market -for stocks - to-day -was dull and
dominated by the monetary situation. Gold
to the .amount- of £224,000; has gone out to
France and £5000 to South America. Banks are
chary of discounts, the rate being 2%. with th*
market short of funds. The Bank of England
Trading was. fair on the morning: session of
the Bond - Exchange. The sugar stocks were
weak, Paauhau selling down to $11 and Hono.
kaa • to . $11-25. The proposed purchase of the
Tuolumne River water rights by the city evi
dently ' had a depressing . influence on Spring
Valley "Water stock, for It sold off to $88. Mar
ket Street Railroad was firmer at $87088.
Aside from sales of 2000 shares of Petroleum
Center, buyers' options, at 6@7c. there was
nothing 'new on the Oil Exchange.
In the afternoon \u25a0 there was no particular
change. Alaska Packers'- sold at 8141@142.
The Hanford Oil Company has declared a div
idend of $1 per share.
STOCK AND. BOND - EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 24— 2 p. m.
.UNITED "STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. " Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup..lll%112H 4s qr c (new).133 14<r
4s quar res.v.111%1124 3s QU&r coup.,108H —
MISCELLANEOUS 'BONDS.
Bay C P C os. 106^107 \u25a0 Oceanic SS 5s. — 104^
Cal-st-Ss 118 Omnibus C 6s.l»% —
C C Water 6s.lllV4U2H Pac G Imp 4s. — 10O
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131ft Flc&CH 6s.lll 113
Per & C H 6s. — 121 Pk & O R 68.121 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-Bt R 6«*. — —
H C A S BHs.. — — Sac E G R 5s. »< 98tt
Do 5s 93 — S F * SJV 5s.l22H123Vk
Los Ang R 6s. — US'- Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s. 101Vi — 8 P of Arti 6a
Do gntd OS..100 - (1909) 113H1U
Do gntd 5S..101 103 (l»10) 114% —
L A & P 5s.... — 103 S P of Cal 6a
Do 1 c m 5s. — 12S (1905). Ser A.107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128V4 (1905), Ser B.10S —
Do 1 c m 61.121H - (1J06) 1 °*.,,««
NRof Cal 6I.1W411SH (1912) 113HU9T4
Do Es 121ttl22 S P of Cal 1st ,
Nor Pao C Ss.lOlVi — e gntd 6a....UlVi —
Do 5 — 108 8 P Br Cal «s.lJ4 —
Nor Cal R BFS.112V4 — 8 V Water f.lllWU j
Oalt Otl BI....U1H - Do 41 - 104%
Ouk Tran «s..m 1M Do 4s Id m.. - -
Do 1st 0 6s.. - 112V4 Stktn Ou «i.,100 104
Oak Wat g Be. 106 lCSVi *
1 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coita.. V\i 71 iPort Costa 13 65
Marln County. 5S - |flprln« Valioy. 17 M',i
' OAS AND ELECTniC.
Cent LAP..— 4 Paefllo Light.. 4t —
Equitable 3% 4 Bacramento .. 2S IS
Mutual '. — 5!i UFO* E.... 44i; 44%
Oakland SOW 51 Vi tian Francisco. i% I
Pao On* Imp. - 41 Stktn O * B. I -
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — >
BANKS.
Angto-Cal ....'77 78% L P A A 159^180
California ....406441O Mer Ex (llq).. It —
Cal Safe Dep.109 — 8 F National, 130 —
First Nutionl.312Vii —
, 8A VINOS BANKS.
German 1900 — 8av & Loan.. — W
Humboldt .... — — Seurlty 8av..,275 —
Mutual 8av... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 —
S F Sav Un..S23 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — lOSLft H.... 49 —
Oeary — ' 50 Presidio SO —
Market 8SH 8«vJ
POWDER.
Giant 79 79tt I Vlgorlt 4 4'.4
SUGAR.
Hana 4^ 5 iKilauea 11 12
Hawaiian 40 50 IMakawell 27 28
Honokaa mi 12 lOnomea 24 241
Hutchlnson ... 16H — I Paauhau 11% 11%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack ..141 142 Oceanic S Co. 44 44
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 98 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 90 Pac C llorax.165 —
MerExchanse.llO — Par Paint 16. —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 California Wine Association 89 50
50 Contra Costa Water 77 50
125 Equitable Gas 3 75
£0 Honokaa Sugar Co 11 25
35 Market Street Railway 87 00
23 Market Street Railway 87 25
25 Market Street Railway..... 87 50
10 Market Street Railway 88 CO
20 Onomea Sugar Co...: 24 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 11 25
3C0 Paauhau S P Co 1100
• 50 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 50
110 Spring Valley Water 88 CO
Street—
12 Bank of California ....408 00
50 Contra Costa Water 77 50
. 50 SF Gas & Electric 44 50
$3,000 S F & S J V Bonds 123 00
$C0,CCO Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. .102 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
> 10 Alaska Packers' Association 141 CO
5 Alaska Packers' Association 142 00
" 25 Contra ' Costa Water. ......'. 77 50
ICO Equitable Gas. 3 75
10 Giant Powder Con „ 79 SO
. ICO Honokaa Sugar Co... 1150
\u25a0 50 Hutchlnson • 8- P Co.... i 16 75
135 Hutchinson S P Co-, s 90... IS 75
25 Market Street Railway 8S 25
. EO Market Street Railway 83 50
E0 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 00
40 Paauhau S P Co..... v 1125
: 50 Paauhau S P Co 11 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co... 44 50
Street— . ..
' E5 Contra Costa \u25a0 Water 77 50
5 California ..Wine Association '33 50
. PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
\u25a0 • -v - , •• : Morning Session."
Board — . .
150 Caribou 82
150 Kern, b 10 6 00
500 Lion, b 90.... 07
100 Monarch of Arizona 23
2.000 Petroleum Center, b.30 06
l.OCO Petroleum Center, b 90 '. 06
16,000 Petroleum Center, b 90... 07
1,000 Petroleum Center — 06
Street—
I 100 Kern, b 90 • CO
Afternoon Session. •
Board—
\ZQ Home 3 35
1,000 Petroleum Center, b 90 07
50 Sovereign , 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 09 50 Ophir 85
100 Caledonia 30 100 Sierra Nevada. 17
300 Mexican 22 250 Yellow Jacket. 19
. - Afternoon Session.
1100 Chollar 031 100 Confidence ..... 81
150 Con Cal & Va.l 80] 100 Sierra Nevada. 17
The following were the sales in the Pacific !
Stock Exchange yesterday: I
- "Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 16 1000 Mexican 21
100 Caledonia 30 200 Ophir 85
50 Challenge Con. 19 400 Ophir 84
500 Chollar OS 2C0 Savage 10
200 Con Cal & Va.l 83 300 Sierra Nevada. IS
100 Con Cal & V.I 82% 45 Yellow Jacket. 13
600 Mexican 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con * 01 200 Ophir 84
1000 Best & Belcher 15 500 Potosl C9.
200 Chollar 09 2000 Savage 11
1000 Chollar 08 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
100 Con Cal & V.I S2V4 1000 Yellow Jacket. 13
100 Mexican. ........ 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. . THURSDAY. Oct. 24— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
fUpha 01 ° 2 Ju^ce 01 03
Alta 01 03 Kerituck — 02
Andes • 04 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher ~. 08 09 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 07 09
Bullion.. — 04 Ophir 83 84
Caledonia....... 29 30 Overman 05 OS
Challenge -Con. 20 21 Potosl 08 C9
Chollar 08 10 Savage 10 11
Confidence 80 82 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va.l 80 1 8> Seg Belcher — 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 16 18
Con New York. 01- — Silver Hill .... 33 31
Crown Point ..06 07 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con 14 — (Standard 3 80 3 95
Exchequer — ni : Syndicate ' .. — 07
Gould & Curry 14 .15 Union Con .... 16 17
Hale & Norcrs -18 20 Utah 03 04
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 18 13
Silver tower . Exchange about the same. ..- \u25a0• *
Wheat firm, but freights still going doiun.
Barley neglected,' but steadily held. • - • '.
Oats dull, with very large offerings.
Corn zveak, with renewed imports from the East.. - -
Hay steady^' wiih moderate receipt s^ ,
A T o further change in Feedstuff s.
Beans continue to decline under heavy arrivals."
Faiu:y Butter cleaning up rather better. .
Eggs and Clieese as previously quoted. [ \u25a0 . '' ' <
Provisions rather lower again at Chicago and weak here.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Packers continue to report large stocks of light Hogs.
Potatoes firm and Onions higher. Sweet Potatoes lower.
Six cars of Eastern Poultry in thus far this week.
Game continues to arrive tainted*
Fresh Fruit market dull and featureless.
Dried Fruits still neglected and weak.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
has lent a considerable amount at 3 per cent.
l"he bank return was lighter than expected. The
internal money movements counteracted ' tho
gold exports of £1,225.000 and made the reduc
tion of the reserve hardly £300,000. .
« m v an st< >cks were animated during tho
nrst nour, when the business dies away. New
lork, galvanized the market, particularly Bal
timore and Ohio and Union Paclflc. But prices
finally flopped. Baltimore and Ohio alone hold
ing the advance. Commission house » business
here is defunct and the professional contingent
J5 °?' y acWve by (its and starts, awaiting tho
Twee ' Paclflo to Initiate a fresh ad
; " CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Anaconda, 7tf; Atchlson,
81; do preferred 99^; Canadian Pacific, 113&;
D, - & R, Q v> 46%; do preferred. 95; Northern
Pacific preferred. 107»4; Southern Pacific, 62%;
Lnlon Pacific, 106%; do preferred. 92. Bar
sjlver, quiet, 2« 7-l«d per ounce. Money, 1V6@
1H per cent. . • . '
1 New York Money Market.
NEW, YORK. Oct. 24.— Close— Money on coll
was steady at SiffSU per cent; last loan, 3 per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 4V405 per cent;
sterling exchange was easier, then' firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at II S6«4 for
demand and at $4 8S-\i for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 S4fc«f4 8S and l< 874; commercial bills,
U SS@4 83H5 bar silver, 67Hc; Mexican dollars,
4&Uc. Bonds— Governments, steady; States, In
active; railroads, steady.
Condition of the Treasury.
•— \u25a0 • *\
WASHINaTON. Oct. li-To-day*. statement
of the Treasury Valances In the general fund,
exclusive of tlift JUO.OOO.OflO gold rennrve In thu
division of redemption, show*: Available cash
balance, 9167,489,740; gold, |101,41L6$4,
SUMMARY OF THE 'MARKETS.
strong;- Iambs, \u25a0 $5; top wethers,' W. top ewes,
$3 40; i closed 10c . lower on Western lambs;
lambs, $3 85@4 75; I yearlings ! J3 25@3 75; weth
ers, J3@3 60;- ewes, 12 75@3 25. > -«
New York "Metal ) Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 24.— Little or nothing was
done In the way of _ new buslneis In local or
foreign "metal circles to-day. Tin In London
advanced 10s, but was quiet at £114 6s for spot
and. £106 5s. on. futures. -..Locally- the tin mar
ket was a shade firmer but also quiet, at |24 80
@25 for spot.
Copper advanced. 7s 6d at 'London to £64 5s
for spot and £62 15s for-futures. Copper here
was dull and. nominally quoted at S16£o@17 for
Lake Superior and \u25a0 $16 37%@16 62H for casting
and electrolytic. . . ". .
Lead — Dull and unchanged at home and
abroad, closing at $4 37% and £11 10s, respec
tively.. . . „...,\u25a0>
Spelter— Quiet; unchanged both at home and
abroad; closed at $4 20@4 25 and £16 17s 6d,
respectively. . . .; \u25a0> \u25a0 .
Domestic iron markets were Inactive. Plgiron.
warrants, $9 50@10 50; No. 1 Northern foundry,
$15@16; No. 2 Southern foundry. $14015;' No.- 1
Southern foundry. $14 50@15 50; No. 1 Southern
sof t foundry, $14 50<gl6. . .
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at E4s and Mid
dlesboro at 45s l»4d.
New York Cotton Market-;
NEW YORK,- Oct. 21.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices net 3@5 points lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— Clearings, $430,779; bal
ances, $96,655.
Tacoma's Business.
TACOMA, Oct. 21,— Clearings, $217,13:; bal
ances, {30,318.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 2«.-WHBAT-Wal!a
Walla, B5o: valley, 65055*40; blueitem, tflo.
Total shipments of wheat, flour Included,
from thli m>rt for the week ending to-day were
228, tS« bushel*.
WABHINCJTON.
TACOMA, Oct. it.-WHEAT-rUeady; blue
•tern, t&Hc; club, 64Me.
Foreign Markets.
LONd6n,' Oct. M.-Connol*. M M«i silver,
18 7-lCd; French rentes, 100f 42V4c. Wheat car
kocs on' passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No, 1 Standard California, 28s 3d; cargoes
Wnlltt WalU. ZTi 10\id.
LIVEUPOOL, Oct. 24.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, Cs lOdCBs 10V4d; wheat in
Purls, quiet; Hour In Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet and steady; w«ather In
England, unsettled.
COTTON-Upland*. 49id.
THE SAN : FRANCISCO "CALL, FRIDAY, 'OCTOBER 25, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
, RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
f Leave Market- street Ferry Depot. \u25a0
/ : - - k! Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally * Dally Dally
Lv. Ran Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1$ p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19* $:U p
"• Fresno...*. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:20 p
•• Hanford. 8:1* p J:27 p 7:M a ........
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:4$ a
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Ksn.Clty 2:40 a 7:30*
' " Chicago |2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
•S a. m. train Is the California Limited
l*svln« Monday and Thursday only, car^
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre.'
tpondlng train arrives at 6:53 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
E 4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
l?:30- j>. m. dally. . ;
8:«i p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers an-1
\u25a0.Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper. - which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives. at $:55 p. ra.
daily.- •.''.,> - /
. 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stoppinc
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre
tpondtng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Of flees— «41 Market street - and \u25a0 In Ferrv
D»pot. San FrancUco; 1UJ Broadway. Oak-
.land... . : l^JtCQIsfffiaWfil
RAILWAY TBAVIX.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains !•»»• «•\u25a0•* » p « ••\u25a0• •• » rrlw * ••
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
fcEAV - VaOU OCTOBMt 8. 1901. — AB««T»
7:«OA Benida, SnUun, -Elml» and Saora. _
' . nieuto ••• 5,??!
TiO«AVa<»»ilto. Winters Eamsey......^ »«aa»
7 134> a MarUue*. Saa Biinon, '»J^i?. »»P»» # . M _
UalUt«g»««lSant» Ko8».....j... " •*»»»
8:00 A D»»i«. Woodlaad. Kn»««»t« Landing
Bartlett SprlnpX Willows, Red
£& Bluff. PortJandV. •"—.•/••• " f
•iSVASau Joee. Lifennore. **£*»;*
lone. Saoramento. Plaojr»Ule,
M-r^lll-. Chleo. lte.1 l«lu« i'*!* p
••S«* Oakdale. Chinese. Sonora. Carters... +'£**
»«O»a Hayward. Niitsaud Way BUtlous.. «l t »3*
0:«Ui Vallejo........... SJStw" *
»<«uaLos Anfeles Erpress - Martlnex.
Traoy. LaUirop. rttookton. Merecd
Froanoand Los Aocelea * TsZar
•:S*4 VallBjo, Martlnea ai»l Way Stations 7i»»i
ItttOOA Th. Oterlau.1 Llmlted-Olden. Den.
Ter, Omaha. Cliicafr, • «»«»
\unor aaerainewto I!|»er8te«m«rs.... t» o«»A
«»a»r Hayward. Nll« and Way Stotlon*. . 7:M#
«i«i»r Ueniola. Wtotexs. feaorauieirto.
Wouilland, KnlJiU l^uidlug.
Mnnst Illr. Oioflllo.. a'tTV* IOsM *
4iO«pM»rtlnex, Han lUiuon. V»ll«Jo,
N»p», Oall«U)g». H»iiU «to"»-.-.. • -i 1 "*
4i«Of Nlleii. LiT«rmore. Stockton, Lodl... \*>***
4iU»r Hayward. Nllw. Han Jose. LlTtrmor* »JJ'J»*
4i3Or Po»* Oosta, Traoy, Lathrop. Btockton I»i3i*
ItUtrTha OwlIJinlte<l-fi«su«s .Tutore.
nakenfleld. Han gm for BauU U« •
bar*. Los An«rlei •«*»«*
• iOOrM»rtln-r. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
e*d. Fresno « *•••<*•'
•(SOr Jfow Ozlaans ISxprwis— Msndota.
Fresno, Bakenttsid. Los Anesies.
lHmlnf. El t-o, New Orli*n»
»nd K«»l J 1 " 4
CiOOr n»/"a»d. Nliei »ud Han Jolt .I'SJ*
««\u25a0••\u25a0> V«flo]'».. \u25a0 »••«*
• ,O«;Orl.n{.l MaU-O,Jsn. Chsytnne.
Omaha. <Jlilaig» ;. l«i»8r
•iftrOrtonltl WMI-Of<Ho, Denur,
B». Lottl*. ChlOTio........ ...» i»»3»
titOf Oregon »u4 C»l(fori.U K*l'.'"'^"«y
rameiilo. MsriMllle.IUil.Hntf
l'lirllKixl, rng»l Ho. mil ami Katt tiSS*
\u25a0 ••i»f flaa Pablo, F..f» Co«U, M»«tla.»
•nit Wa» rtlatlotn t i'Vt K
Hionp v»n>|i 7>>>A ?
COAST LINE (burrow «»•«•).
(roo»..tM»rli«tatr«o>.)
\u25a0"••4o» Nt»»rt,Oi«ilor»lll».Maii.lo»«, »>••••».
llOHl«lerO»M«,<«»ii«»Ort«aimW«»
ntittiun* i 8to«r
tlilflpKewsrk C«t»tef?«ll». «•» .Iom. »«w
Al.n..l«n. r.lton. llonhUr Ursak.
HaiiU Orus Hud l'iln«lp«l Way
Blallons. • •«••« \u25a0•i' 1 '**.
4il»r Newark, Han .h*+ I,fl«Oaio»....... t»'^»*
«0.8»r HnnUM* Trtln-San Joi* tnd W17 *
flutlooi • if.»'»r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
ma SIS fUSCHCO— foov *t K«tk«t Street (Slit 8>—
»7:18 »:00 ll:00*.M. 1:03 liOO 8:15/.«.
rri»OilUm-fMlif||Ms«iJ.— f*:00 JS;OO t8:0»
lO.OOt.M. 13:80 2.03 i:33r.M. ___
COAST LiINE <I»road «5»n*e).
CFhlril and Townaeml Sin.)
1 OiIOa San Joieand Yftj Mtitlon. ««»»F
Ti«Oa Bail Jo.eni..l W»y8UU.,i.s A'VLl
/7i«»»a New Alma«l«. / «»»O*
Wi«Oa Man Jose. Trs* IMnos. Mania <!m«.
Faoino lira'*, nalinaa. San l.uU
Oblipo, 8anU Barbara and Ptln-
etuai IutermedUteHUtI.nn T'l*!'
lfttSOA Ban Jom and Wiy SUtlons 4ilO*
I IiSOa Mail Jose mm* Way Stations ........ StUOr
tSi^SrSan Matno. ltedw»o<I. Ill en I o Park.
Palo Alto. Hauta Clara, .S»i> . I. »»o, .
Tres Finos, Santa «,'rnx, Sallaaa,
Monterey \u25a0"•» 1'aclllc Grov fl« ««*
«i»«pHan Joieaml W.y SUllons. Oi.lO.l
\u26664il»r San Jo»ean.t Prlnotpai Way stations W^^A
iSitOrSu Jose. Iajs Oatos and Principal
\u25a0 WaySUtlons «»iOOa
*«a»P San Jose ami Principal Way Stations . »i30*
•tOOr Kedwoid. Han Jotj, GUioj. 8alloa«,
Santa B»rb«r». L*t Angeles 10:03*
StSOr San .lose an<l WayStatlims »2'™!M
«llt4»p San Jo»e»ii«l Way Htattmi 6;aOy
A for Morniug. I' f or A f ternoon.
tRniidayexcepted. J Sunday only.
• « Saturday only- and FrldaTf^
CALIFORNIA NORTQWESTESH It COL
SAM FRANCISCO AND MORTH PAClFlft
RAILWAY COMPAMT.
Tlburon Ftrry, pott •# Hm%M *
'San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
1:00. C:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50. »:20, 11:10 «u m.: U:«.
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:m
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:»0.
8:05. t:25 p. in.
-.Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days. 1 days. | Destination.) days. | Day».
7:30 am 8:00 am No vat o, 10:40 am 8:10 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:0S pm 10:23 an
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, - 10:25 am
5.-00 pm Healdsburr. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm «:20pra
7:20 ami 8:00 ptnl Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 aux
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ulciah. | 7:35 pm| *:20 pm
T:30am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm <:20 pm
7 JO ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 8:15 am 8:40 am
I aDd I
8:10 pm| 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. | 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 pm| SebastopoL | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprtnss and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
Geyservllle for Exacts Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs, -Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter VaJiey.
John Day's. Riverside. Liar-ley's. Bucknell*j,
Eanhedrin Heights. Huilville. Orr*s Mot
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. U;al, Willlts. LaytonvlUe. Cummias.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scot;*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
heyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, CO Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gsn. Pass Agt.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing &eyteuiuer ij 190L
FROM SAN FKAN CISCO TO MILL VALLE?
AND SAN RAFAEL. ~—*
WEEK DATS- 6:55. 8:30. »9:3U. 11:00 a. m.
M:45, 8:15. 4:15. 6:15. 'S:^ 6:45 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays -and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. »10:00. »U:3O a. m. VLH3.
8:15, '4:45. 6:30. 930 p. m. '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentla
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 8:27. 7:45. 8:35 lOli
a. m.. «12:25. 2:15. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
an4 Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. 'S^, 'lO:©©, »U:45 a. m.
1:40. '5:15. 4:43. »6:30 pL m. *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 855 10a»
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNX>AYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05V 2OS. 3:30.
5:00, 6tI5 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
«:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:4$ p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. :, ,-,
ilOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
\£!i HE n.*u*-.«.*v«. Sun- Week
. Tut, Sma FrMebra to Summit ind Item, n XX *
OefcttOffloM, «a XAKXIT gTJLXIT ud 8AP8AIJIO HUT.
\u25a0^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Wr! Vil^ 1 " 1&3 "* for the treatment of I'rlvnta
JmAgagSffl 2 lse ««e». T -^t Mannoml. DehlSItv or
inEMM|^va8i> wearlnzon body and mind'a.-iri
s H ln Dlsenscs. The Doctorcnres wl.cn
gJBjMMEjothers fall. .Try him. Char^ps low.
t^att>*^[ia<«rr« trunranlr^d. Callorwriia.
Dr. J. g. WIBBOX. Man Francteco. Cat ;
THE WEEKLY CALL
per Year,YOUNG LADY WELL KNOWN IN OAKLAND AS A CLEVER PIANIST,
"WHO YESTERDAY BECAME" THE BRIDE OF' ONE OF SAN FRAN
CISCO'S LEADING YOUNG PHYSICIANS. -
THE DAY'S DEAD,
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 24.— The bleach
ing bones .recently found near Cascade,
Mont, have been Identified as^ those of
Albert Vernon, who went on : a prospect
ing tour "In the mountains 'with -Charles
Mellen, known . . as "Russian Charley,"
over a year ago. Vernon was never seen
again and foul, play was suspected. - Mel
len disappeared, being- afterward heard of
In Alaska,"«buf bis present whereabouts
is unknown.- -_._ . •\u25a0-.-\u25a0» .. -
Bones of a Prospector Found.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 25.— Five, possibly
more, workmen lost their lives in a terrific
boiler explosion at the old boiler-house at
t'ae Carnegie furnaces of the Carnegie
Eteel Company, Just below Rankin, at an
early hour this morning, two hours after
Zio. 1 furnace near by had been- put in
blast. The boiler-house and the machine
shop, which adjoin it, were reduced to a
mass of wreckage and many workmen in
and about the two buildings were hurt .by
the flying missiles. ;
Four injured had been taken out at: 1
o'clock and by that time all of- the 'force
Et the furnaces who could be spared had
been put to work clearing away the de
bris, in the search for bodies. All was
confusion and even the foremen had no
idea how many of the. workmen had been
caught under the wreckage. Theinjured
men who were removed had been at work
2.bout the furnace, some distance away,
c.t the time of the explosion "and were
struck by flying wreckage. They prob
gblff will recover. . —
I'ive Workmen Meet Death, and
Others Are Injured in an Early
Morning Disaster.
3'ATAX EXPXOSIOJT
AT THE CARNEGIE WORKS
Mrs. Bertha Dale,' who was accused by
a. Coroner's jury of the murder of Mrs.
Florence Hamilton, 708 Gough street, sur
rendered herself to the police yesterday
afternoon. She was booked on the charge
et the City Prison and immediately re
leased on $5000 bonds, accepted by Judge
Cabaniss. Her sureties are Mrs. Addle
McCarthy, Fifteenth and Albion streets,
and her husband, Martin Dale, 1328 Grove
street. . .
Mrs. Dale Surrenders Herself.
Captain Frank' B.' McCoy, Third • Infantry;
Captain William W. Forsyth, Sixth Cavalry;
Captain Stephen M. Hackney, Fifth Infantry;
Captain James H. Frier, Seventeenth. Infan
try; Captain Thomas W. . Griffith, Eighteenth
In/antry;' Captain Edward M. 1 Lewis, Twentieth
Infantry; Captain Charles M. Trultt. -Twenty
flrst- Infantry; Captain Henry H. ."Benham, - Sec
ond. Infantry; Captain Henry C. Hodges , Jr.,
Twenty-second Infantry; Captain Charles . I*
Beckurts, Sixteenth Infantry. • • . .•
The officers who are detailed for the
board are: Colonel Jacob B. Rawles, Ar
tillery Corps; Lieutenant Colonel Charles
E. Jj. B. Davis, Corps of Engineers, and
Major Crosby P.'. Miller of the . quarter
master's department
The troops at the Presidio will be re
viewed .by General Young next Monday
morning. There are nearly 2000 soldiers on
duty at the military reservation and the
spectacle will undoubtedly be- well worth
seeing. " *' '
The following. named officers, who have
been, for some time connected;. with this
department, have been assigned to re
cruiting'duty: ' •:';.••;/.
In accordance • wltlx order* received
from the War Department, a board of of
ficers will meet. at. the Presidio to-day for
the purpose of considering ' and reporting
upon the acquisition of additional lands
necessary j for further fortifications and
garrisons at the harbor entrance. The
properties which the board will inspect are
situated at Laguna de la Merced Beach,
south of the Cliff House, Golden Gate
Park and Lobos Creek. The report is to
include cost estimates and .recommenda
tions as to the best routes of communica
tion with the other posts In the' vicinity.
Board of Officers to Con
vene To-Day at the
Presidio.
Horn and Kergnson were arrested at -the
t.me of the shooting for assault to mur
der, and when Lynch died they were
again arrested for murder. The allega
tion is made in the writ that they wera
arrested without any warrant or any
process or under authority of any process
cf any court, and are thereby illegally
deprived of their liberty.
Attorney Joseph F. Coffer, on behalf of
Boscoe Horn and William Ferguson, ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus before
Judge Cook yesterday morning for their
release from custody. The writ was made
returnable this morning at 10 o'clock.
Horn and Feiguson, who are colore-1
men, were employed as teamsters, and
during the strike fired into a crowd of
strikers on the morning of July 30. A
bullet struck Peter Lynch in the leg.
Lynch died on October 20, and the Cor
oner's jury at the inquest last Wedne4
day brought in a verdict of accidental
death.
Writ Applied for in the Case of the
Colored Teamsters Charged
With Murder. •
ASKS FOB RELEASE OP
HORN AND FERGUSON
DESPONDENT PLUMBER
TAKES FATAL DRATTCrHT
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Despondency from
ill-health and poverty is supposed to be
the cause for the suicide this morning «f
Loren R. Fox, a plumber, residing at 1005
Webster street, who drank . cyanide of
potassium and strychnine solution. at his
home. Empty bottles which had contain
ed these poisons were found near Fox's
bedside. His wife had heard him mixing
fluids in a glass shortly after midnight,
but supposed he was preparing a dose of
medicine, for her husband had* re-turned
only two weeks ago from St. Mary's Hos
pital, San Francisco. Fox suffered a
paralytic shock several years ago that al
most destroyed his power of speech.
i A wife and three, children survive him.
The deceased plumber was 63 years of age
and a native of Illinois.
Read Transcript in More Case.
' OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The time in the
More will contest was . taken up to-day
with the reading of the transcript, of tes
timony in previous contests among the
litigants. -It -will take three days more,
the attorneys think, before they will get
through with the reading.
New Baptist Church.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The Twenty-third
Avenue Baptist Church is discussing the
building of a new house of worship to
cost about $15,000. Rev. Madison Slaughter
has done much to-build up the church and
the members want a new building. .
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— A license to marry
was issued to-day to Albert P. Miller, 21.
and Eugene C.Bernadow, 18,, both of
Berkeley. v
1TOTED TARZET EXPERT
SPEAKS ON RECIPROCITY
John A. Kasson Addresses the Mem
bers of the Illinois Manufac
.turers' Association.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24,-Slx hundred busi
ness firms were represented at the annual
banquet of the Illinois Manufacturers'
Association which was held this evening
at the Grand Pacific, Hotel. There was
but one set speech' on the programme for
the evening and that was by. John A.
ICasson of Iowa,.' the diplomat and tariff
expert, who spoke on "Reciprocity."
..Martin B. Madden of Chicago, president
of the club, sat at the head of the table
and made a short > address Introducing
Kasson, who was received with much
applause by the guests as he arose to
make his address.
One owner demanded $10,000 for his tract
and refused to sell a portion. Another
cfler has been made of property to the
southeast for $4250, and this will: be ac
cepted. The City Attorney was requested
to investigate the title and the Board of
Works to make estimates of the cost of
the proposed improvement.
The clerk was directed- to prepare' a
resolution of intention to change the
grades on Indiana, Minnesota, Nineteenth
and Twentieth streets In the Potrero dis
trict. This will enable the Santa Fe Rail
way Company to level its property re
cently purchased in the Potrero to corre
spond to the adjoining property and to
usie the earth in filling China Basin. The
CC'inmittee also recommended that grades
b« established on Kentucky street, be
tvreen Channel and South.
The Supervisors' Street Committee met
yesterday and recommended the purchase
of a right of way fof the extension of
th« Potrero-avenue sewer. The present
budget provides an appropriation of $5000
to purchase a right of way. and also $5200
to extend the sewer to Army street.
POTREBO-AVENTJE SEWER
IS TO BE KXTKNPED
Supervisors Recommend the Purchase
of a Right of Way to Army
Street.
OAKLAND, Oct.; 24.— Captain J. A.
Mayhew, who was" Sheriff of Alameda
County in the early '60s,, died last night
at the County Infirmary, where he had
been spending the last years of his life.
Many years ago Captain Mayhew came
to California in search of gold. After that
excitement had died away to some extent
he settled in Oakland and became inter
ested in politics. He was one of the
founders of the Republican party in this
State and in 1861 was/nominated for Sher r
iff on that ticket and was elected.
served for three years and then retnred
from office, but not from politics;.-
Though at one time wealthy, : Captain
Mayhew lost all of his money. Some
months ago he- was compelled to go to the
County Infirmary because of his poor
health. He leaves a brother, who lives et
Niles.: ,\u25a0•--:\u25a0 '•::-- \u25a0 i ".'.-' : ' i - \ : ., ' . ,';
PIONEER POLITICIAN DIES
AT COUNTY nrFIRMARY
LAND S WANTED
FOR DEFENSES
Harry W. Keller gave a very enjoyable
whist party last night to some of his
bachelor friends. His apartments at 756
A reception was given this evening by
Neil C. Whyte at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. George Hunt in Golden <Jate in
honor of the return of his son, Malcolm
Whyte, from Alaska, after an absence of
two and a half years. Mr. Whyte was
assisted In receiving his guests by Mrs.
Hunt and Miss. Elsie Hunt. The decora
tions were quite elaborate, garlands of
green and red being festooned from the
center to the sides of the rooms. During
the evening C. B. Munson gave several
barytone solos and Miss Elsie Hunt was
heard in a number of vocal selections.
The invited guests were:
Mrs. Helma.ii, Miss Ethel Johnson, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Miller, Tred Klinkner. Herbert Burns,
Miss Ada Burns. Miss Elizabeth Stokes. Miss
Elizabeth I^edKett. J. Eshelman, Burton Minch
ner. Miss Delia Minchner, Miss Stella Minch
ner. Miss Nettie Zamloch, . Mlsa Mary McBrlde,
Henry McBrlde, Robert McBrlde. Miss
Edith Grubb, Mendell Cahlll. Carl Jones,
Reginald Grubb, Oliver Shipman, Will
Logan, Miss Erma Whiteside, Miss Nell Alges,
Henry Dewing, James Dewing:, Miss Winona
Brown. Miss Gertie Dillon, Miss Martens, Miss
Ellse Martens, Franz Martens, Misses Ely, Mr.
and Mrs. Fred L. Baker.- Mr. and Mrs. Malcolm,
Mr. and Mrs. Dewing, Miss Sarah Young, Mr.
and Mm. C. S. Warner, Mr. and Mrs. M. C.
Smith, William Warner, Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Hunt, Miss Kate Rosen and C. B. Munson.
Miss Schafer Is a daughter of the' late
A. B. Schafer and a, sister of Paul J.
Schafer, the Deputy Postmaster of Oak
land. She is a great favorite and a most
accomplished "pianist. The groom 'la a
young physician of San Franciscp. <
Upon their return from" their honeymoon
the young couple will, take jup : thelr. resi
dence in San Francisco. . •• :\u25a0\u25a0• :
parsonage of the Second Congre
gational Church at West Oakland. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. J.
W. Phillips, the brother-in-law of the
bride and the pastor of the church. The
ceremony was simple and was performed
in the presence of a few friends of the
young couple, after which they left on a
short honeymoon.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The wedding
of Miss Daisy Pauline Schafer
and Dr. James V. Calhoun took
place yesterday afternoon in the
Charles H. Hore and Miss Lola C. Lan
ger were married last evening at the home
of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Langer of 1346 Pearl street. The
officiating clergyman was Rev. F. S.
Brush. Neither bride nor groom was at
tended. The bride's gown' was of cream
silk, trimmed with lace. She carried 'a
shower bouquet of roses and maiden-hair
ferns. '. . : -.'; •
• • • .' \u25a0 ' •
ALAMEDA, Oct. 24.— Miss Grace E. Miler
and P. J. Fagen were united in marriage at
9 o'clock-last evening at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. ' H..B. Allen/ The Rev.
Frank. S. Brush officiated; • Owing to' the
reeentdeath. of the father of the bride the
wedding was simple arid was witnessed by
thirty relatives and intimate friends of
the bridal pair. Mrs. W. H. Miler, mother
of the bride, gave her away. There were
no attendants. While the words that made
them one were being pronounced the
couple | stood beneath, a bell of white
chrysanthemums. The bride's dress was
of biscuit-colored taffeta albatross with
chiffon trimmings. The parlors of the
Allen residence were decorated in green
and white and the dining-room in red
Following the perfomance of the marriage
rite a reception and banquet was held.
Among the .guests were Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Waterbury, Mr. and Mrs. H. B.
Allen, the Misses Ethel and Hazel Allen,
Mrs. W. H. Miler, Messrs. Ralph and
Harry Miler, Miss Edna Miler, Mr. and
Mrs. O. M. Vanderwater, Mortimer Van
derwater. Rev. 'and Mrs, Frank S. Brush,
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Waterbury, Mr. and
Mrs. H; Lampe, Miss Delia Wollam, Miss
Sallle Addison, Miss Lily Lampe, Mr. and
Mrs., E. M. Corliss, Mrs. Walter H.
Holmes, Miss Irene Miler and Master Gil
bert Vanderwater.
Thirteenth street were prettily decorated
in honor of the occasion, ''bachelor but
tons ' being used appropriately and with
pleasing effect. The favors were bouton
nleres . of "bachelor buttons." Prizes
were won: by Herbert H. Dingley and
Ernest F. Webb. A short musical pro
gramme was rendered by R. Kinney, who
gave a piano selection, and E. Webb and
Harry Keller, who rendered cornet and
vocal solos. At the conclusion of the
games a delightful little supper was
served. Mr. Keller's guests were: Gran
ville P. Warren, Percy Hardenberg, Wal
ter Cole, Rufus Smith. R. Kinney, Harry
Mosher of.NIles, Edward Renshaw, Seth
Talcott, George H. Mason, Ernest Webb,
Herbert H. Dingley and. Lee Griswold.
The three men alleged that they had
gone to the employment office and each
had paid Bullard $1 on the promise that
they would get a job on railroad con
struction at Ukiah. They were induced
to send their baggage to Bullard's office
Wednesday afternon. and he told them
to be at the railroad depot yesterday
morning and he would send them to
Ukiah. They were there, but Bullard dij
noi: make his appearance. When they
went to his office later he told them that
thty would have to wait for a job.
Detective Crockett took the three men
to the warrant and bond clerk'8 office with
Bullard. Two members of the Grand Jury
happened to be there at the time, and
th«y listened intently to the story of the
men and Bullard's explanation. The
grand jurors expresed their indignation,
an J it is possible the matter will be taken
up by the Grand Jury, as the attaches of
the office said that oyer twenty-five men
haJ applied to them recently for warrants
against Bullard. As no Judge could be
found the men were instructed to return
this morning and swear to the complaints
charging Bullard with obtaining money
by false pretenses. . . .. ,»-
The police have been receiving numer
oof: complaints from laborers who claimed
ths.t they had been swindled out of their
money by M. A. Bullard and J. M. John
»on, who have an employment office at 19
Third street, called the California Em
plo;nnent Agency. Testerday afternoon
three Italian laborers, Joe Kassalo, Pete
Fairco and Joe Kindola, made a complaint
that they had been swindled out of $1
each, and Detective Crockett was de
tailed on the case.
borers From Losing Their
Money.
Police Taking Action to Protect La-
COiBffPLATNTS AGAUTST
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Failure to win the love. of the woman
he was scheduled to marry cost William
E. Merritt of Berkeley the heritage lie
was promised /or fifteen years. Merritt's
uncle, W. D. Matthews, who died a month
ago, wanted his nephew to form a matri
monial alliance with Miss Evelyn Berk^
heim, also of Berkeley, but Miss Berk
heim would not respond -to the efforts of
the applicant for admission to the sacred
precincts of her heart, and his retreat
from the siege was reason enough for the
uncle to disinherit him. After the old
man's death, the nephew searched In vain
for a will, but lound none, and then came
to a realization that hy had been in
tentionally ignored. • . - m \u25a0 \u25a0" .-•
All the foregoing is a synopsis of what
was told at a hearing of the claim of
Nephew Merritt for $1200 against the es
tate of his uncle.' In his own behalf Mer
ritt said he had worked for fifteen years
for his uncle in his jewelry- store .on
Third street, in -San Francisco, without
compensation. The old man and the
young 1 man lived in Berkeley and kept
bachelors' quarters,. Merritt doing the
cooking and housework. He used to go
to the city on the 7. o'clock train ana
work until 9 o'clock at night. In return
for all this labor the uncle promised to
make Merritt heir to all of his estate.
Merritt had Miss Berkheim present to
help him substantiate his claim. She tola
Judge Ogden that Matthews had suggest
ed to her that her marriage to his nephew
would be agreeable to him, and that in
case the match was made he would give
the nephew his estate. .
\u25a0' "Why -didn't you marry him then?,
asked Judge Ogden. . '
"Well, the trouble was, Judge," replied
Miss "Willie was not up-to
"What do you mean by 'up-to-date'?"
"Well you know, Judge, he was awful
ly slow. He wasn't like the other fei
lows Willie was a nice fellow, but he
wasn't the kind I like. He didn't wear
nice clothes, and all that." _ - .
"How did his uncle happen to tell you
that he wanted his nephew to marry
VOU^" ' ' *
"Why I used to go around there once
in a while and 'rubber,' and one day the
old man told me what he wanted. £
While this testimony was taking place
Merritt's wife, whom he had lately mar
ried was In the courtroom, but did not
seem to be moved by Miss Berkheim's
comments on Merritfs personal appeal -
ai JAfdge Ogden finally awarded Merritt
$230 on his claim of $1200.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 24.'
Mr. Valentine is confined to his room
and has not been able to leave It for
eevsrai weeks.
Mr. Valentine is suffering from a general
breaking down and has been getting
worse for about a year. The first symp
toms of trouble came shortly after the
close of the last Presidential campaign,
in which Mr. Valentine took a ereat in
terest. He Teas strongly opposed to the
position of the Government upon the re
tention of the Philippines and took the
platform against President McKinley's re
elecUon.^ He wrote and spoke a great deal
against the eo-called "imperialism" of the
Government.
A-Iter the campaign closed Mr. Valentine
J-esJonnA to be suffering from heart
trouble and he went Eaet for a rest. The
trouble became more acute and he re
turned to California and his East Oak
land home, where he has been for some
time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 24
Tie condition of John J. Valentine the
president of Wells. Fargo & Co.'s" Ex
press Company. Is slightly improved to
day, though he is not by any means out
of danger. He is under the constant care
of .Dr. A. Lilliencrantz and his family
and while his condition is very eerlous
hopes are entertained for his ultimate re
covery. • "
Miss Berkheim Will Not Wed
Him, Saying He Is Not ; _.
Up-to-Date*.
The President of Wells,
Fargo & Co. Is Seri
ously 111.
Why Uncle "Matthews
Disinherited His
Nephew.
Is Confined to His Room
With Affection of
Heart.
LOSES IN LOVE
AND IN FORTUNE
J. J. VALENTINE
LITTLE BETTER
HELENA, Mont., Oct.' 24.-A car loaded
with twenty-three steers, consigned to
Smith; Haas & Co., Chicago, caught "Ore
between -Fort Keogh and : Miles City' to
day. The car was run >-back under the
water tank at Miles City. Only; twelve
animals -were found alive and those were
so | severely burned . that they had to be
shot,\- . \u25a0 ; iv \u25a0\u25a0;- 1 \u25a0; •- :•- •• , . . ; •-. • , .
Steers Perish on Burning Car.
CHICAGO,* Oct. 24.— Members of the Un
ion Veterans' Union concluded .their six
teenth -annual encampment, at Handel
Hall to-day. -These officers, were -elected:
Commander % in chief, General Robert \u25a0'' S.
Dyrenforth, .Washington, ' D, C; deputy
commander In- chief, General L. M. Lang
staff,, Dubuaue. Iowa.- - \u25a0£ \u25a0 ..,; '\u25a0.\u25a0••\u25a0
- It was -decided -to-' hold- the next annual
encampment at Oqaaha.'- *\u25a0;\u25a0.• ; . : .;_/
Union 'Veterans' Union.
chairman: Eugene McCoy, 3. ' M. Sullivan, T.
H Corcoran, D. F. Keefe, J. W.-Kln K ,,H. G.
L&ckmann.^J. Salomon, J. C. Nobmann, J. J.
Hayes ' H. Rawe. \u25a0
Reception committee— Joseph A. Stulz, chair."
man; John Lackmann, P. A. Buckley, John El.
lldtt, Wllliamv Offerman, C. H. Lunsmann. . Jt
Abrahams. H. B.. Arnold,. J. JV Crowe, "William
Ring, J. H. Robinson.--.. ,.,. ._;: .,- ;
\u25a0 Floor committee— T. H. Corcoran, floor man
ager;' A: W. Schrower. U. Rlechers, H. Meyer
W*. ."Borlinl,.. William Hooper, C. Somerlad,' E
Dflnn; William SpaTihake, N. • Marisch, •\u25a0Wljliam
i«hrke, F.-Mayrlscb. ' \; v ,.\u25a0\u25a0--.-\u25a0 '. -' ./?,,\u25a0\u25a0?\u25a0 -v -
; , < .•• ..,\u25a0-. . \u25a0" • •.•\u25a0• . •\u25a0'. . \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0/\u25a0•-
Prince Joachim Murat.
PARIS, Oct. 24.— Prince: Joachim Murat
died to-day at his chateau at Chambly.
O \KLAND, Oct. 24.— Manuel S. Mar
shall who. was charged with battery and
niade defendant-; in lawsuit- by . his
former fiancee. Miss Rosa - Marciel. - has
R«ttled all differences \u25a0' wlih the young
woman by paying her ,5150, but • he. will
never marry her,- he says, because -she
gave him too much notoriety and trouble.
Will Not Wed Miss ;; Marciel.
Charles- Smith.
, SIOUX CITY. • Iowa, • Oct. 24.— Charles
Smith, one of the best known violinists in
the West, died in the hospital of consump
tion to-day, v \ : \u25a0-•-\u25a0' . : • .
I SANTA ANA, Oct. 24.— Thomas, Fraser,
aged 64 years/died this 'afternoon at his
home in this city, lie had been' in poor
health for some time and had two opera
tions performed Saturday for an abscess
of the groin. He was one of Santa Ana's
prominent citizens and had resided: hers
nearly thirty years. . - - . .
Thomas Fraser.
They found the doors locked, and -whiio
they were breaking in the burglar e «
caped. When the- doors were at last
opened everything in .several of the bed
rooms.- was found .upset, bureau drawers
had been ransacked and the. contents
piled in the middle . of the rooms.
OAKLAND, Oct.' 24.— A daring attempt
to loot the residence of Mrs. R. a. Well
man at 1315 East Fourteenth • street, in
Fryitvale tl was made this afternoon by an
unknown thief. The thief got nothing, as
he was .discovered before he had o'n-m
pleted his work.- coin-
He had studied his ca&npalgn' well for
he chose the time that the family 'wai
at dinner at 6. o'clock, *nd climbed over
the porch into the second story. whr>ra ->v!
locked all • of^ the ; doors leading below
The family heard, a noise upstairs and
started a search to see what was ' : th«
matter. ; . .. K lJ1 f
Attempt to Loot Residence of Ura. R.
: A. Wellman Madis by Unknown *
Burglar. •- .
1HIEF IS, SURPRISED
WHILE PLYING TRADE
The retail grocers of San. Francisco are
preparing Jo. help: entertain their friends
at Odd Fellow3VHall to-night, where the
Retail Grocers' -Association is to give an
entertainment' and dance. > Not only the
grocers, but the commercial < travelers a's
well, are among the promoters of the en
tertainment; the: proceeds, of which are lo
go, to ward Improving the association's al
ready effective system of making life mis- 1
erable for the deadbeats'who may owe
bills to retailers..'. .... ... .
•There is to- be an r entertainment,*, fol
lowed by dancing:. For the'benefit of' the
members who have outgrown their danc
ing days the 'gentlemen's parlor is to be
flttedoip to allow. of a quiet game of whist
or euchre^' r '.' "\u25a0 \ '\u25a0'«.: . \u25a0"
The entertainment is to be along thor
oughly original lines. stage is to rep
resent an . up-to-date* grocery store, and
for two hours the audience > will be',ini
tiated into \u25a0 the mystery of the trouble's
-that are consequent upon . "Politics in- a
Grocery Store."- -\u25a0 - . : • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. '\u25a0\u25a0 -
The sketch was specially , written \u25a0 for
this occasion and is to be presented by the
Columbia . Minstrel' Company,' nearly ~. all
the members of .which, are commercial
travelers. It- will serve to introduce some
amusing satire on i mod em store .'methods
and will ,also allow the< presenting \u25a0; of • a
lot of new songs and jokes.. •.
> During the evening retail- grocers who
are now prominent -before the public as
candidates for office: will salute their
friends and acquaintances. The pro
gramme will Include the following musical
numbers: " • . v- •, ; >. : - .
Whistling solo, Miss Cordla Wetjen; "A
Hundred Fathoms Deep," C. W. Seely; "Ain't
It a Shame,"' Elton Lambert; "Only Me"
Harry Turton; "The Conqueror/' * George K.
Cheney: "Had Tou But. Known,' 1 Fred A. Grif
flng; "I Couldn't." Lloyd Spencer ; • "American
Beauty Rose," Joseph W;' Fisher; "Davy Jonea'
Locker." K." Fliront ; • "If That's Society, Excuse
Me," Clarence M. "Freed;. "Susan Van Doozen "
Billy Brackett; \u25a0 an up-to-date cakewalk, For
rest and Montague; master of the baton, Eddie
Hlggins: finale: . medley — "Suit • of < r Gray "
."Ain't Dat a Shame." VAn All Right \u25a0 Girl'"
f'Hi-le-Hi-Io," Master. Hobart Kavanaugh and
the entire, company. ; '\u25a0:. ' ..
'-The committees, who have the entertain
ment in hand are as follows: \u25a0•:? \u25a0 \u25a0', ;\u25a0\u25a0.
Committee of \ arrangements— George AJpers,
Proceeds to \u25a0' Be Used
' for' Benefit of Their
Association.
RETAIL GROCERS
TO MAKE MERRY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 24
Court costs are eating big holes Into
Manuel Laveira's sack,, and by the tim»»
he gets through fighting his wife's suit
for divorce on the groundof extreme cru
elty he anticipates that the same' will be
considerably consumed. Laveira was
granted a non-suitagainst his wife to-day
by Judge Greene, but the victory was ob
tained at an expense In court fees alone
of $542, which represents. only the amount
of money it has cost to prosecute the
wife's case, 1 and does not include what hu
had to pay- out on his own account. The
trial has been 1 on eleven days now at a
cost per session of $10 for reporter's fees
making^ altogether 5110. The transcripts
required by the attorneys have cost &>
and two demands from the .wife: amount
ing to $3oO have been paid by the husband
making a total of 5542. Q|
Judge. Greene granted the non-suit upon
the ground that Mrs. Laveira. had taken
up- her residence in San Francisco after
leaving her husband and brought the suit
in Alameda County, which was. contrary
to the law governing the case. The evi
dence Introduced by the wife showed that
she had submitted to a system of abuse
extending over thirty-seven years, and
Judge Greene said that if her story wera
true it was the worst case of cruelty thac
•'ever occurred on God's green- earth" It
was evidently much against his will 'that
he granted the non-suit, but the law left
him no alternative. ' ,\
• BERKELEY,- Oct. 24.— V. N. - Madoleff ,
a member of the Macedonian Society,
now residing in this city, has received a
copy of the Macedonian committee's offi
cial paper, the Reform, in which an ap
peal for help for^the Macedonians }s made
by the committee to the people of Bulga
ria. The appeal is signed by the six
members, of the committee. It has been
Issued for the purpose of securing money,
food and clothes for the Macedonian
refugees -in Bulgaria and for those-un
able to get away from Turkish outrage
and who are compelled to remain in their
native-land in poverty and in ; torture.
The "Appeal* to the Macedonian Peo
ple-as it is called, is translated by Mado
leff from • the Bulgarian in part as fol
lows: ;\u25a0 •.. -
/ The Macedonian committee,' which has taken
un the holy cause to help our brother slaves In
MkcedoSta; sends out this appeal to the Bulga
rian nation and beseeches help. To you."breth
ren is well known the heavy tyranny over our
brethren in Macedonia. This is to crush the
split of boldness of those who. are w^to
oboose the tyranny. The young are exiled.: the
rich are looted. The conditions now are worse
than ever before. The cry for help is coming
from an enslaved nation. In the name of this
tortured people the Macedonian committee seeks
the help of the entire Bulgarian nation. Bretlf
"° vo Vi. recall Panagurlce, .. Brartsigovo and
Bat ak = when, you were under Turkish torture.
Now, brethren.'it will be a sin before God and
a shame before the earth if you do not hear our
VOlC CT MIHAILOVSKI. President.
IV" TSONCHOV, Vlco President.
IV* CTOICHOV, ' Secretary.
G "bELEV, Treasurer.
' CT NICKOLOFF and AH. BUZUKOF, >
Sofia,' September 19, 190L j \ Advisora.
Madoleff firmly believes that the people
of Macedonia are on the verge of a. united
uprising, and . under the appeal ! issued
avowedly for ". the purpose of securing
charity ne sees a call to arms. As hope
less as an uprising may appear toothers,
Madoleff declares his people will;. never
stoD fighting. Conditions have arrived at
that point, he says, where they 8 will be
slaughtered any way, and that they had
better die killing Turks than be murdered
hv them without .a struggle. Jealousy
-irnone the nations make- it impossible for
the^Macedonlans to get outside help and
theVmust fight it out alone. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 , ; -
Laveira Wins Expensive
1 Victory Over His
Wife, i •
Turkish Cruelty Causes
Suffering Among
\u25a0 4 ic : People.
HELP BESOUGHT
BY MACEDONIANS
..,. ' Mrs. D.- Edward Collins at the
latter's residence on Harrison street. Mlsa
Collins is one of the most popular and
talented youngr ladles in Oakland, and al
though the " engagement has existed' for
some time. the secret has been well kept
and : the announcement will be received
with surprise by the young lady's friends.
The bride-to-be Is a sister of D." Edward
'Collins, president of the California Bank.
Mr. Gaskill is In Denver, .where he has
been located for the past year, as the rep
resentative of _ the Judson ' Powder \u25a0 Com-
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The engage
ment - of Miss Eda Collins and
Herbert D. Gaskill was announced
to-day at.- a- luncheon given by
COSTS EAT INTO
HUSBAND'S COIN
pany. He is a son of D. W. C. Gaskill, a
well-known . capitalist of this city.
The wedding will probably take place
.some time, 'In January and owing, to the
prominence of the two families interested
will be. one, of the big important- social
functions of the new year.. , • ..-' • -. .
The luncheon was a most. enjoyable af^
fair, the decorations of the table being a
striking arrangement of red; carnations
and violets. The name cards were dainty
hand-painted affairs. Besides the hostess
and the bride-elect at the table were: Miss
Mf-rsraret: Olcese. Miss Lois Stonesifer,
Miss Tillie Feldmann, Miss. May Reis
Miss Katherine Roberts, Miss Eva Yorker'
Miss Geraldlne • Scupham, Miss Ida Lar
key. Miss Edith Larkey, Miss Clara Archi
bald, Mrs. H. P. Carlton; Mrs. J. H.
Todd and Mrs. R V H, Chamberlain. . ,
FAVOR THE CLOSING
OF SALOONS ON SUNDAY
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
Delegates Adopt Resolutions' at
-'the Stockton Session.
STOCKTON. Oct. 24.-At this morning*
session of the. State convention of \u25a0 • the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
resolutions were passed In which faith in
the justice of iheir cause was reaffirmed.
Resolutions Inf favor of Sunday closing,
especially with regard to saloons, i.wer*
passed. It was resolved not to make U3->
of the names of intoxicants, such .a*
punch, etc., at social gatherings, ami
there were wtrong resolutions against th»
non-enforcement of temperance laws,
against the army canteen and against
polygamy. . • . . ...
The recommendation of the National
Woman's Christian Temperance Union lu
favor of non-alcoholic medication was In •
dorsed. Mrs. Clare O. Southard and Mrs.
F. S. Vasllt, both of San Francisco, were
elected to places on the board of direct
ors of the Pacific Ensign. A department
conversation, Leing a conveyance for th«j
reports of .the department superintend
ents,- was Jield. One-minute* speeches
were made by the county superintend
ents. \u25a0-.-\u25a0.. - - - .- • \u25a0 \u25a0: , \u25a0
The diamond medal contest this evening
was participated in by Mrs. Augsburger
of Berkeley; Miss Isola Kennedy of Mor
gan Hill, Santa Clara County, Miss Ella
Golzbach of Fresno County, Miss Anna
Robrecht of Concord. Contra Costa Coun
ty, and Miss Edythe Wall of Antloch. ; The
medal was awarded to Mrs. Augsburger.
her subject being, "Wanted— Christian
Patriots." All the speakers made able
efforts. Miss Wall being a close contestant
for 'the honor. The convention will closo
to-morrow. " • ' - - .
Complications in the Los Angeles
OIL PRODUCERS MAY
DISSOLVE ASSOCIATION
Situation Have Beached a
Critical Point.
LOS ANGELES, ! Oct. 24.— The oil situ
ation -in the local field is becoming com
plicated, and at the meeting . of - the pro
ducers to .be - held to-morrow morning
there is every possibility that the asso
ciation will disband in order to place -the
industry upon the basis desired. That, of.
course,, may appear a drastic remedv.
but the result of the producers' commit
tees' negotiation with President Griffith
of the Oil Storage Company this after
noon was such as to bring such a con
tingency well within the bounds of prob
ability.
President Griffith arrived in the \u25a0 city
Wednesday evening,' and, in accordance
with the prearranged plan. It was ex
pected he would meet the producers"
committee this afternoon. At the ap
pointed hour the members were informed
that President Griffith had gone. to San
Bernardino. ' He had left behind for the
committee, however, a. communication
that was in all essential particulars an
ultimatum. Though the comtnittteeraen
refused to reveal Its terms, it was moBt
unsatisfactory. It was stated that the
final proposal of the oil storage people
is such as cannot and will not be ac
ceptable to the producers.
Sounds Chase Nebraska Hares.
FRIEND, Neb., Oct. 24.— In to-day'a
trials at the park of the Friend Cours
ing Club the first contest was the finals
in the' Mississippi "Valley stake, which re
sulted as follows: Don Pedro beat Lord
Blanco. Misa Wheatstone beat Norton
Girl. Prairie Bird beat Prairie Queen.
Lord Brazen beat Chamberlain, Charming
Thought beat You Bet, Bold Barbarian
beat Seneca See. In the fourth round Don
Pedro beat Prairie Bird, Lord Brazen.bea^
Miss Wheatstone. Bold -Barbarian ran, a
bye. "Fifth round. Lord Brazen beat Don
Pedro, Bold Barbarian ran a bye. Decid
ing course Mississippi Valley Futurity.
Lord Brazen beat Bold Barbarian. -. .-\u25a0<- ..» *
Apostolic Delegate to Philippines.
.HAVANA, Oct. 24.— Monsignor SDarrett;.
Bishop of Havana, has received advices
from Rome to the effect that the Pope
has decided to appoint him apostolic dele
gate extraordinary to the Philippines. He
will proceed Immediately to Rome and
leave for Manila January 1- Monsignor
Barnada, Archbishop of Santiago, has
been made administrator of the diocese
of Havana.
Catholic Fair at Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 24.— The Catholic la
dies of Palo Alto have made arrangements
for a church fair to be given here on the
28th and- 29th- of this month. The proceeds
are to go into a fund that is being raised
for the purpose of building a Roman Cath
olic church in Palo Alto. It is understood
that the new church will be a handsome
structure and will cose nearly $12,000.
Attaches Comedy Company's Effects
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 24.-The Max
Steinle Comedy Company came to grief
here to-day by. having all its effects at
tached by a local bill poster. The com
pany gave a show in the local theater last
night and this morning found that its
stay would be prolonged unless It settled
a small bill of *9 due to George West for
advertising its performance*
POPULAR OAKLAND YOUNG LADY, THE ANNOUNCEMENT \\ OF
.WHOSE ENGAGEMENT, WHICH HAS BEEN KEPT A SECRET FOR
SOME TIME, COMES AS A SURPRISE TO HER FRIENDS. ,„
The State Department has been inform
ed that negotiations are in progress be
tween Russia and China for a treaty un
der which the former will evacuate the
province of Manchuria. There is no dispo
sition on the part of the authorities to
credit Russia with designs conflicting with,
the declarations she has repeatedly made,
but in the interest of American rights ft
is deemed advisable to keep a sharp watch,
upon the developments in the negotiations
and energetically protest against those
which may menace American Interests.
The i Manchurian convention and. the- ar
rival of Special Commissioner W. "W".
Rockhlll in Washington were especially
interesting developments In the Chinese
situation from a Washington, standpoint.
Fresh from the scene of his triumphs in
Peking, Rockhlll was ushered Into. Secre
tary Hay's office this morning and from
that official received cordial congratula
tions upon the way in which he had con
ducted the negotiations. When The Call
correspondent later saw Rockhill he said:
"American prestige has been greatly In
creased by the moderate policy pursue*!
by the United States throughout the in
ternational occupation. All the Chinese
officials have given assurances of their
deep gratitude to this Government. Th«
attitude adopted by Secretary Hay will
certainly be of great advantage in the fu
ture. Foreign trade is indebted to thj
United States for the material advantages
provided by the protocol. These include
the deepening of the water approaches to
Shanghai and Tientsin, the converting of
the tariff from ad valorem into specific
rates and the free importation of flour and
cereals. The improvement of the water
ways upon which Shanghai and Tientsin
are situated is one of the most important
things that could be done for the foreign
trade of China. The United States mado
the first suggestion that China, issue bond3
bearing a low rate of interest in pay
ment of the Indemnities demanded by the
powers and thus saved China many mil-
™ s °£m°. llar3 ,: * have no doubt that
China will in the future, as in the past,
meet her obligations. Besides effectin^
the reduction of the indemnity and secur
ing the advantages named for foreign
trade. Secretary Hay was responsible for
the reform of the foreign office and court
ceremonies which the powers have been
endeavoring to secure for many years."
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STRKET, N.W..
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 21— American oppo
sition to the acquisition by Russia of ad
ditional preferential rights in Manchuria
is as firm to-day as it was last February,
when }ts exercise brought about the rejec
tion by China of the so-called Manchurian
convention. .
Firmly Opposes Additional
Preferential Rights in
Manchuria.
Her Negotiations
With China.
Uncle Sam Is Watching
KEEPS A SHARP
EYE ON RUSSIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
Miss Daisy Pauline Schafer, Accomplished Pianist of Oakland,
Becomes the Wife of Dr; James V. Calhoun of San Fran
cisco, Wedding Taking Place at Congregational Parsonage
BRIDE'S BROTHER-IN-LAW
PERFORMS THE CEREMONY
Engagement of Miss' Eda Collins, a Popular and Talented
I Yoyng Lady, and Herbert? D. Gaskill \ Is Announced
\u2666 at* a Luncheon Given by Mrs. D.\ Edward Collins
OAKLAND SOCIETY GIRL
WILL SOON BE MARRIED
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901;
12
YOUNG* lady desires to secure position In - of-
fice; .quick at inures; competent as steno-
- grapher; salary to start ne object. - Box 1329,
Call office. . . : . •
A RELIABLE woman; good American cook;
-fond of children; , willing to make herself
usetul; good reference; short ways in- coun-
try:, wages $15 to $20. 746 Mission st.
"WANTED— Position, as housekeeper in hotel or
take charge of respectable - rooming-house by
lady of ability and experience. Address MRS.
B. F/ G., 319 Ellis st. . . \u25a0
RESPECTABLE woman wants general house-
work a few hours every day. Address MRS.
N-, -19\i Stevenson ave., off Valencia, near
Market. , • . . -
REFINED young lady would like morning
work in exchange for room and board. Ad-
dress box 1327. Call office.
FRENCH arirl of 17 years wants a situation to
..assist in housework; wage* $15. 214 Railroad
ave., South San Francisco.
AMERICAN girl wants position to do upstairs
work and sewing,- or take care of children:
can give reference. CaU 47 Shipley st.
COLORED lady would like place as ladies'-
maid; can do halrdressing. manicuring and
face massage. 'Call or address 1032 Clay st.
LONG experienced German infant's and lady's
nurse, confinement a specialty, wishes en-
gagement. Add. MRS. K. B., 700 Broadway.
LADY wants plain sewing and mending;
hours S a. m. to 2 p. m. 844A. Howard st.
RESPECTABLE German lady would, like a po-
t sition . as working housekeeper in a small
family; references. Call or address at 2S05
Harrison st, near Twenty-fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day as first-class laundress or housecleanlng;
good references, p. F.; 1115 Treat ave.
WANTED— A situation as cashier or to assist
at counter of restaurant or bakery. Address
_box 1381. Call offlce. '
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman a situa-
H2? V? d0 "sht housework and sewing. Box
• 1387. Call office. -
WOMAN wants position to do housework; good
cook;. wages $25. 204 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— By a good American girl, house-
work by the day; is thoroughly honest ana
trustworthy; $1 50 per day. - Call or address
1061 Howard st, room 2.
WANTE.D— Work by chambermaid and stay
home nights. Add. Mrs. S. T., box 1336, Call.
A LADY would like a position as housekeeper.
I , 141 Fifth st. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., n^ar Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
J8 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ...
JEMP^OYMENT^AV ANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER, new arrival, \u25a0 desires employment;
accustomed to the charge and erection of
engines and machinery; competent to do all
repalia; owns tools; 25" years' varied • experi-
ence; honest and sober; first-class references;
moderate wages \u25a0 only expected. Address
Engineer, room 75 Hobson House, Kearny St.,
San Francisco. ' Cal.
WANTED-; An American, age 30, would like
any kind \>f employment until April 1; can
drive and care for horses, or any kind of
ordinary work; salary no object. Box 1380,
Call office. \u25a0
YOUNG man, 21, .desires position at general
. office work or as assistant bookkeeper; ex-
perienced; best references; moderate salary
. to start. E. B.' J., 715 Sutter st.
A. SOBER young man wants position in whole-
• sale -or retail store, dry goods, furnishing or
groceries; can furnish references. Box 1379,
\u25a0 Call office.
' WANTED— A situation as porter in a saloon,
or as clerk in a grocery store; can give ref-
erences. H. COOK, 737 Mission St. "
\u25a0 YOUNG man understanding bookkeeping,
shorthand and typewriting desires position;
small salary. Box 1409, Call offlce.
MARRIED man would take charge of ' ranch
or rent on shares; stock ranch preferred;
have had experience. Address box 1328, Call.
COLLEGE graduate, former high school
teacher and Government employe wants em-
ployment; references. Box 1411, Call office.
MAN . used to tools wants job; carpenter,
plumber and painter; suit institution or un-
dertaker. Geo., 1419, Call office. /.
YOUNG man aged 21 wishes position doing
anything; experienced grocery clerk and box-
maker. • Box 1421, Call office.
SITUATION by. a sober and steady waiter; day
' or night. . Please address F. M... Call offlce,
\u25a0 or -call, at 113 Leave»worthi »t. *
DRUG clerk desires position; two years' ex-'
perlence. R. M. ' R.,* 2232 Union st. ..
A ' GARDENER wishes position, having long
years of experience and thoroughly competent
in all branches of horticulture for inside and
outside work; versed in all work pertaining to
.extensive grounds; best of . recommendations.
Address . box 1725, Call offlce. " '
PRACTICAL miner and mill man of 15 years'
Experience in general mining and milling de-
sires position, to take charge of mine or mill;
good references; moderate wages. Address
Miner, box 1407, Call offlce.
A WELL-EDUCATED young man of 26, pur-
suing a professional course at nights, wishes
honorable work of any character with some
• firm. Box 1375. Call offlce. _
1 : —
A MIDDLE-AGED man, well educated, desires
position as porter in some wholesale commis-
sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER, 2269
Geary st. .
EXPERIENCED metal prospector wishes em-
ployment, either at salary or an Interest in
discoveries; reference as to sobriety and'hbn-
esty. Box 13SS, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as coachman; an experi-
enced man. young, with good references. Ad-
dress box 1368, Call offlce. , .'
NIGHT work by reliable, competent young
nan; offlce work preferred; Al references.
Hox 1403. Call office.
WANTED— By a nurse, a position in a hospi-
tal or on a private case; well recommended.
I'.ox 1105, Call offlce.
POSITION as teamster in wholesale or dellv-
ery; Al references as to character and ability.
Address box, 1401, Call offlce.
MAN and wife, German, without children, de-
I sire to take charge of a country place. Ad-
dress P. O. box 162, ' Santa Cruz.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position; ac-
quainted with city and country trade; salary
or commission. ]?ox 1372, Call offlce.
POSITION In wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness as salesman; experienced either in city
or on the road. Box 1373, Call offlce. .,
A STKONU reliable young man with . sev-
eral years', experience in liquor work wants
position in any capacity in liquor or wine
-house; can do barrel- repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call offlce.
WANTED-Situatlon -in private residence by
Japanese . man and wife; just came' -from
Japan; cannot speak English, but very falth-
,ful and good servants; wages small. Address
260% Brannan St. •
WANTED-Sltuation as janitor or porter; se-
curlty if necessary; Al references; 4 years at
once place. Address R. N. MICHEAL, 451 &
Jessie st. . ~- * ..
ENGINEER well up in the ic« machine busi-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, .wants position; Al references.
.Address box 1238. Call offlce. \u25a0•'? \u25a0
YOUNG gentleman wishes position with whole-
sale house as traveling salesman; can furnish
good references; paints and oils business pre-
ferred. Box 1292, Call.' ' \u25a0.
MAN with wife and 2 children from, the East
> would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his 'wife at' same plnce.'
Address A. E. CRAIG.. Montlcello, Cal.
WANTED— By an experienced baker, a place
j as foreman in the country. Address Baker,
\u25a0 box ' 1323. Call offlce. . .
JAPANESE, honest boy, ; wants situation in
private-family; small-wages. -Apply MAYA,
923 Sacramento st. '
JAPANESE, first-class cook wants situation
in private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAM A, ,923 Sacramento st,
WANTED by a young man— A place to work
and attend school. E. C. B.. box 1267. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for CaU advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st. \u25a0 - \u25a0 y ..-*:' \
: \u25a0 \u25a0 ."-\u25a0\u25a0;"••' FINANCIAL.. . •" . '
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in- payment for : services; good mining
. and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
ANDINVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast "Unler'wrrtTnT^oT~(lnc".WWe
. have 42 of flees In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main of flee. '507-8-9 \u25a0 Parrott bldg.
\u25a0 TO '; LET.
4 ROOMS a.nd bath; upp^r flat. 15 Perry st
MODERN sunny. upper flat, 7 rooms and bath;
-\u25a0:_ flr3t-class order. 105 . South Park.
9' FARRELL; 1933-^Modem flat. ' 6 rooms, : bath ;
yard; basement; cheap to good tenant. • \u25a0
$15— SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. . 2211 Geary
st.. ; corner Devisadero. .. ;
FIFTEENTH," 1898, corner Dolores-Sunny bay-
wlndow flat.. 7 rooms and -.bath. •
DR. H. G.
SAX FR.AXCISCO CALL. '
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cnll. comer cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
HHAXCH OKFICKS-<27 Montgomery street
corner CJay: open until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Kayes ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<-33 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
M3 Larkin street; open trtil 9:30 p. m.
Vfi\ Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
t26I Market Ftreet/ corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. - «
106 Eleventh Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
J0S6 Valencia st; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and. Ken-
lucky s-trtcts; open until 9 p. m.
T200 Fillmore t-treet; cpen until 9 p.m.
MICISTI.VG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccnvnandery No. 1. K.
T.. S Post et.— Retular assembly THIS Ti^r
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Order of the IISl
Temple. By order of the Commander. */
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. .
LA PARTAITE ITXION Lodge No. 17. a
F. and A. M-— Called meeting FRI- _fl\^
DAY. October 25. Ml. 8 p. m. First JSLjZ
degree. By order of the W. M. '"'
• P. ST. JL'LLIEX. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •\u25a0
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at _*\_
\u25a0 7:C0 o'clock. Second degree. By order TLJT
of the \V. M. -\u25a0: -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ,' : -'. '™l
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
SAN FKANC1SCO Tent No. IS. K. _
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /<p?5V
EVENING at 8 o'clock. I'ioneer &%'%$&
1UH. :; Fourth et fi^/MwS
H. K. CASTLE. vkfMf
Record Keeper. >jgBJ»^
THE Officers and Members of the Grand >flo
Grove of California. United Ancient Or- m
<ler of Druids, Past Arches and mem- \u25a0"\u25a0**\u25a0
bers of the Grove are hereby notified to meet
at Druids' Hall. <1J Sutter st-. SUNDAY.
October 27. at 1:30 o'clock p. m., for the pur-
i*)F<? of attending the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN M. GRAVES. Grand Secre-
tary. By order of JULIUS & pODEAU. ,
Noble Grand Arch.
THE officers and members of
Ilarinapel Chapter No. 3. U. A. J\
O. E>.. are hereby notified to as- /A\
serr.hle at their hall on SUN- /jffA\
DAY. October 27. 1J01. at 1:39 //ffcffiiA
o'clock p. m. sharp, for the pur- //V^AX
pese of attending the funeral of
our let« brother. Arch Druid
JOHN M. GRAVES, late Grand Secretary.
JAMES K. MARTINONI. C D.
Attest: JOHN HUTTON. Secretary.
AGBXTS WASTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books row ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers tver known. Agents selling from
12 to 3 books per day. Also life of William
McKinley and Complete Story of His Assas-
sination, including Lives of Lincoln and Gar-
fif-Id and Stories of their Assassination. About
S^O extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Su-
perbly illustrated. Lowest price-. Handsome
and valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents.
One book free with each ten ordered. Freight
r*id. Credit given. No experience necessary.
Outfit free. Sell the best book. Make the
most money. We give the most liberal treat-
ment. AH orders shipped day they are re-
ceived. We own the largest binderies and
ar^ the onlv publishers shipping books
promptly. HENRY NEIL. S23 Dearborn st..
Chicago, 111.
WE want agents for our "Economy" Harness
Riveter, with horse and cart; agents can
make t2G0 p?r month selling them to farmers
»nd rie owners. Send 50c In stamps for sam-
ple and prices. Focte Economy Co., Los An-
i»les, Cal.
AGENTS to establish route among business
houses: $15 wnek; expenses allowed while es-
tabllrhing route. 516 Commercial st
ADOPTION.
MATFRNITY Villa— Good hornet, for healthy in-
Tntit«= Dr. Emjlip Funke.1416 ?th st. Alameda.
ASPHALTUSI ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Minion: tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PP.OF. ROUSSEAU, astroloplst : complete life
reading. 50c: by mall. SPc. 1163 Market st
ATTOSXEYS AT LAW.
FREE advlce-J. M. VERDEXAL. attorney. 314
Montgomery st— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected: documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money loaned; insurance 30c
on J300. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 418% Post.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy: col-
lections: attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships: deeds; will? drawn:fees low; open
evf's. THUKSTON. IOCS'* Mkt., r. 4, opp. Sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
Mrills. deeds, etc. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful: office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9?7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket et; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Bxrhanse.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
Bend for bargain list LEAVITT &. BILL.
309 Larkin Et
IIOAItDl.VG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with small child would furnish good
home and care for little boy or girl at reason-
able compensation. Address box 1320, Call.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms .^ 1607 California st
UOOICS— XEW A.\D OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
UUREAD _ TRUKK.S. 1 _ ~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S28 Howard.
BPSUreSS CHANCES.
Jl— $!Cw — CIGAR store; wholesale district; splen-
did chance for lady or gentleman. R. G.
W 1LKE. 26% Kearny st.
J4C0— CORNER tiocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; tee and
make an offer. K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— J1C00— CORNER grocery and bar. doing a
large caeh business; splendid bar trade; rent
J25; 6ieUne?s of wi:e enly cause of sale, t-se
R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny et.
A— $1250— 3AKERY and restaurant; established
fcr years; doing a tirst-otass paying business.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $40u — CORNER saloon on Mason st; rent
J2£; cood business; must be eoid at once;
owner accepted Government position. • Call
R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st
A-noeO-COFFES saloon and lunch room in
wholesale district; no rent; daily receipts
from S35 to $10; help expenses only $5 per Ua.y.
Call II. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny Bt.
A-$35O-DEL1CACY "and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
It. <i. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— IW03— LIQUOR store on~~Market st; estab-
lislied many years; doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a tplendid
bufcineys r.ffer. R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $350— COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.. near Market; rent $30; piace does
? * 0 ?? P»>'»nK business. Call R. G. WILKE
"C'/a Kearcy Et
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suited
to plain, steady man satisSed with $20 a
week: no experience required; trial given be-
_fore_buying 1^8S5_Markefst, room 14.
GROCERY and birT 3llvirlg~r^o"ms; bears full
investigation. Call at 9?5 Market_roo m h
c J?f. R , ct £T c e O ery * ood comer, at a bargainT
Ca» at S35 Market et., room H.
FOR SALE-A good saloon on Market st; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain- no
agfnts. Apply McLEOD & H^TJE. 615 Mar-
ROOMINO and boarding-houses, hotels fiats
ftorcs end business places of every description
sold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO S93
Market et.: rhone Folsom 450.
FOR saJ* — One of the best transient corner sa-
loons In city; established • 20 years;, with 44
newly furnished rooms: will sell together or
separate; price $0000. Box 14CS. Call office.
BUTCHER shop; established lo years; best
town in Stale: death cause selling; must sell
this week. Huslness Board Trade. 326 Pine.
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
tier; fnap. MITCHELL & CO.. 12W Market
A— BUSV cigar stand, netting $3 daily^ sacri-
"C*d account death. Hedges. HO Parrott bldg.
HAIR dressing parlors; welj located; parttfs
_Jpavlng. SALSBURY. 459 Ninth Et. Oakland.
IK you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
nefrs p.oe Hrown & Odell. rms t> and 9, 41 3rd.
FOR sale— Uekery. confectionery and laundry
office, near trrammar school; 2 large rooms.
Address box 1C77. Call 'office.
FOR »sale— Established private \u25a0 boarding . and
lodging houee; near car house. Box 1376, Call.
PRINTING office fcr sale cr rent; terms rea-
Dox 1112. Call office.
POU eale— Oyster ami chop house; good busi-
"»\u25a0-\u25a0£. ;w> Foui-th Bt.
*2r.o-Kt::?TAi;HANT; cort tlOCO; rent ?30; sound
value. I>. M-.-Hae Furniture Co.. S27 llisslon.
SjL ,- - ~* R AME s AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12Tl30~Hayei. nr. V. Nes»
•• —Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Contents of newly furnished house;
party going East. .Call 1205 Chestnut st. Ala-
| meda;no dealers. 1 /
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co..' 1127-1131 Market.
Immediately— New furniture, .parlor," bedroom,
dining-room; sacraficed. 124 12th st, Oakland.
Will furnish your house on- monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
. FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.' - -
A. .WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. ' Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
:'T"-.'. v »fv f y GLOVES. *" -,
WE are selling through our coupon system 4
pairs of ladies' gloves or 3 pairs of gents'
gloves, each set valued at $5, for 25c; In order
\u25a0•: to introduce the system? all over the U. S.
\u25a0 we offer to send free of charge one of our
; coupon books, value $1 25, to the first reply
from this ad in every city and town in the
U./S. ALEXANDER & CO., GU>ve Manu-
facturers. 40 Beach st. Boston, Mass.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. •
- HELP, WANTEOr-FEMALE.
AT^ R.HANSEN & CO.'S! Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;...
Chambermaid to wait, commercial hotel, '^
fare paid .' $20
Waitress, - same place '..$20
Waitresses, lunch waitresses, cooks.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, Marysville, $20; second girl, Berke-
ley, fare paid, . $20; 60 places for housegirls,
I second girls," cooks; good wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......: 104 Geary st.
A HAIRDRESSER and manicure, $8 week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, no wash $35
Cook, 5 in family :....$35
-Cook, 2 in family '. $30
4 cooks, American families $30
5 second girls .......'. I $20-$25
Laundress* ..$30
Hotel cook $30
4 housegirls, 3 In family .....125
I Cook for hospital .'; $30
Housegirl, 4 in family,- Napa..................$25
Hotel waitresses, city and country ..$20
Housegirl, 5 in family, San Mateo $25
A large number of housegirls for city and
country. J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 316 Sutter.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ..Phone Main' 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT)
2 waitresses, first-class hotel, south/ see party
10 a. m.; waitress, Sacramento, $25; 2 wait-
resses, near city, $20; 12 waitresses, different
city and country hotels, $20 and $25. k
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Irish girl, general housework, "$30; housegirl,
Modesto, $25, fare paid ; housegirl, 2 in family,
country, $20, fare paid; other places too num..
erous to mention.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ....335 Geary st.
A— EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper for flrst-
claas retail factory; steady position.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— FRENCH or English lady's maid. $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced operators | on ladies'
dress skirts; steady work; good pay. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st. I
FIRST-CLASS hand on vests; also apprentice,
some experience. 1170 Market st, room 31,
fifth floor.
GOOD home for a smart lady to help in a
country grocery and variety store; $200 cash
security. P. S. DE LUCA. Cosmopolitan
Hotel. 100 Fifth st \u25a0
TWO nurses, 3 second girls, cooks and general
house "girls. $20. $25. $30. CATTELL'S. 525
i Eighth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— A maid; must be neat and a good
sewer; reference required. " Apply room 66.
Palace Hotel, between 10 and 11:30 o'clock.
GIRL for general housework; good cook; two
in family; $20. Call between 10 and 11, 730
PO3t St.
WANTED— For general housework, competent
Swedish or German girl ; good cook. 3844 Clay.
NEAT German girl or woman to cook in
bakery. 108 Ninth st.
YOUNG woman with a child as cook in a
' boardlns-house In country. \u25a0 Box 1422, Call.
WANTED— Girl for housework and SS cooking.
1023 O'Farrell st '
PROTESTANT girl for. general housework, $20.
2712 Folsom st. ' " \u25a0
GIRL wanted for light housework; family of 3.
Call 34S4 Twenty-second st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$25. Apply 2904 California st. .
GIRL fcr general housework; small family
good wages. 2115 Broderlck st.
GIRL to take care of baby; sleep home. 1134
Ellis st. ' call 9 to 12.
GIRL to assist with general housework; sleep
home. 1203 Sutter st.
WANTED— Woman presser. Union Dye Works
1643 Market st.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO. S overall factory. 32V6 Fremont st; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
- Apply MR. DAVIS.
/ \u25a0 ' *
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girts about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. .. ~^^-»^. \u25a0 i
HAIRDRESSTNG taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
Ing & facial massaee included: course $5; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st., room 15.
"WANTED— Infant's nurse; middle-aged wom-
. an . of experience; must have unexceptional
1 references. Apply Hotel St. Nicholas offlce
9 to 12 a. m. „ • ' - ' \u25a0 . • \u25a0__-\u25a0
WANTED— Good, reliable girl for housework;
wages $15; German or Swedish preferred;
reference required. 1303 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 10
Pratt dace, between Stockton and Powell
off California. 1 ' »
WOMAN over 30 to act as traveling manager-
excellent opportunity to right party. Box
EXPERIENCED -operators on . negligee shirts'
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie st. Sth floor.
CHOCOLATE and cream dipper; retail. Call
evenings at The Sugarle. 993. Valencia st.
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post si., room 49. . y •\u25a0-
WANTED- Girl to assist in care of two chil-
dren; liberal wages. . 1518 Fifteenth st.
GIRL, general housework; wages $20 to $25. 2S11
\u25a0 Buchanan st \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 •
GIRL to . assist In housework. 791 McAllister
st., near Octavla. .- "
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. In-
qulre 1 Broderick st. corner Waller. •
WANTED— Experienced tobacco strippers. Ao-
ply 10 to 12 a. m..- Jacob Brandt. 41S Battery.
WILLING person; good steady home; $10 mo.:
short dls. country; gen, hsewk. Box 1333. Call.
ELDERLY German lady to help with house-
\u25a0 work; good home. 1317 Caroline at. Alameda,
FIRST-CLASS waitress for private boardlng-
house; reference required. .1414 California st
• 15 5ggggg < ?g > Po h wei d i g .t on ; corseta - FMME -
WANTED— Immediately, a wetnurse. i 906 Guer-
rero St. .' ", • . ; . . ., .,
PANTS finishers wanted by $. \ N. WOOD 'A
\u25a0 CO. - Apply at factory. \u25a0 ' 27 ' Geary st. :
WANTED— First-class waist, "skirt and cloak
hands. ; Apply. 1200 Geary st
\u25a0WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st \u25a0\u25a0, v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. -2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisemecU and
. subscriptions has been establlsned at 109(
Valencia at. ':\u25a0— \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 z --\u25a0 _^
help' wanted— male.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers,"TiimTeirbrush
• and ' shovel men to work on ditch line being
. " . constructed for | the Sweepstake - Mining 1 Co..
'. near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
; work; ; steady work, good : board and best
' wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co. . 26 Montgomery st , room 25, San Fran-
, cisco, Cal. •*\u25a0,''- •\u25a0;\u25a0-\u25a0.-- •\u25a0 ; . y
WANTED — Steady. '.. sober German as driver for
baker - wagon, « on "Western - Addition - • route;
I must have sufficient experience and refer-
j ences; gooc} wages; state former employment'
Box 1341. Call offlce. , .\u25a0 „ /;v'
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to • know
; that Ed Rolkin,* Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, -217 ; Third 'St. ; 159 large
; rooms; 25c per night; $1. to $2 per w«*k.^ '
MEN to ' learn barber trade ; \u25a0 only eight weeks
- required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. • MOLER \u25a0 \u25a0- BARBER COL-
r.LEGE. 635 Clay, st- -. ..-:.• . ;
COAT, '.vest and pants ' makers wanted , apply
ll'a>.m.,- Stevenson st : entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. -London Tailor, '; 721 Market st i. - *
. BUSINESS CHASCES Continued.^
aTsTEXBERG c6".T.^77-T;7r^7753~Market st.
Phone. Black 5431. ... * •:
Stores, city and country real estate and all.
kinds of busine&s bought and sold. Lodging-
houses, restaurants and cigar stores a spec-
ialty.
FEW BARGAINS. .
$3500— Grocery ; central; large trade; n. Mrkt.
\W>— Grocery; good small stock; JiorEe, wagon.
$500 — Partner in grocery; fine stock; well lo-
cated; wants practical eroceryman; half Int.
52000 — Tha best paying restaurant north Mar-
ket; usual receipts fir.o day; seats 10); sick-
ness compels sale at once. ' . • \u25a0 ' . . •
$:0O— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down: good location. DONALD McRAE.
137 Mitsion ft.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
j $3000 — SECOND mortgage on valuable real es-
tate foi sale; one-third off; a snap. Box 1370,
! Call office. . • -.
• A SMALL corner saloon for sale: paying busi-
! ness; low rent. Inquire at. H3 Fiftl; st.
$10— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
£>ecure it. Apply furniture store, S37 Mission.
WANTED — Partner; offlce business; large re-
turns. Box 1S66. Call offlce.
WANTED — Small restaurant or lunch counter;
must be cheap fcr cash. Box 1343, Call office.
I LARGE paper. route for sale: good inducements
j offered. Box 1265. Call office.
! SALOON" for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
1 111 East st. north of Market
j WANTED— Partner in horseshoelns j business.
\u25a0 40< Jackson st.
j SALOON for sale on water rront. Apply at
] 12 Jackson st. \u25a0 •
| A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE. 1020 Market st.
48 rooms; clears $200 $3200
8 rooms; on Howard 300
- : 60 rooms; new; payments 3000
I 140-room hotel; clears $600 .10,000
! 33 rooms; transient; clears $250 2000
j s. rooms; on Mission 275 :
S rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000 ,
.12 rooms; large yard 1500 ;
40 rooms; boarding 4300 ,
17 rooms; fine corner • 1350 j
60 rooms; apartment house ...>. 42O0 I
7-room flat on McAllister st 235 i
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. j
8 rooms; fine yard 350 |
10-rooni house; fine location 425!
24 rooms; on Geary st "1K00 !
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000 j
16 rooms; transient: only $400 'cash 750 |
5 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 SCO
I 24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 lbOo
10 rocms; on Mason st. ; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 79JL
Al TRANSIT HOUSE.
I Good corner; money maker for right party;
don't fail to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 $1200
20 rooms; best in the city; offer wanted.
13 rooms; tine furniture 1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
2S rooms; piano; clears $60; payments..... 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
j 42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7000
6 rooms; corner flat; payments 360
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payment "6"M
4u rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash, bal. pymts. 750
i CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000 i
20 rooms; good location; money-maker 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st. corner
Ellis, rocm 12.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
S50 Market st .Tel. Davls«28l
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 160)
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
4* rooms; full; choice; bargain 4500
15 rooms; north of Market; snap 1233
12 rooms; boarding; best location 12W
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st..' S50
11 rooms; corner: on Jones 1200
20 rooms; everything good; bargain..'. 325'1
10 rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 (.00 ;
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears $35 509 !
I -K rooms; a fine corner 140J i
I 44 rooms; choice location; pays well 3000 !
' 18 room*; close in; good business liOO j
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON j
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST !
RATES. .'.
! AT once— Lady, 'with few hundred dollars to j
\u25a0 manage Al rooming-house with boarders, j
I DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St. I
j MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, rms. 1, 2. j
; OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING. j
1 He has been in tHis business 15 years. j
! He draws up the legal papers free of charge, j
\u25a0 He has 4 salesmen— Business is booming. i
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly. <
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses: j
23 rooms; rent $30; corner; worklngmen..$500 /
34 rooms: Pest St.; rent J55; clears $65 330 •
7 rooms; Leavenworth st. ; 2 floors; new. 500 J
1 11 rooms; near Sutter; Axminster carpets. 750 :
I 16 r. ; tpartments; newly painted; rent $50. 850
i 80 rooms; rent $200; moneymaker 3600
40 rooms; central: clears $150 month 2C00
18 rooms; sunny corner; 2 floors; rent $70.. 950
S3 rooms; rent $150; fine location 4000
A. CAMERON & CO..
K50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. '
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.'
See our list of bargains. /
$0 r., rent $423, boarders, elegant fur ISOCO
44 r., rent $120. inc. $300, apart, house — 3000
75 r., fent $175, full, good inc 5500)
24 r., rent $80, clear $75, trans., 3d st 1150
14 r., rent $60. good furn., inc $105 1000
10 r., rent $45, clears $40, good fur., carp.. 600
8 r., rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg.... 423
5 r., rent $35, fine little flat 275
Flats. 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000. |
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— J
17 rooms; rent ?50; clears $55; only.... $1000 j
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600 j
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150:
3s rooms: must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent SS7; money-maker 2200
24 rooms; rent $65; part cash 10C0 i
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 1800 j
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 you
40 rooms; cheap rent: north of Market.... 3S0O I
120 rooms: rent 1110: profits $1600 yearly... 3500 1
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market Et.
HEALY & HENDERSON,
6 Eddy st. 18 and 19; Phone James 2771,
; 9 rooms; rent $25 $350 1
! 18 rooms; downtown: rent $55 1 200 !
i 23 rooms; close in; see this; rent $65.... 1,000 j
! 11 rooms; Turk st; rent $49............. • 600;
I 130 rooms; electric lights 15,000 ;
7-room flat; McAllister st ' 2SC .
9-room flat; new; rent $45 . 751 \u25a0
: 10 rooms; G. G.; new., ' 653 j
I 28 rooms; downtown; elegant 2,500 i
I BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
! G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
! Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
1 "He can suit you in houses and prices. ,r-.
| OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale of your house send for or call on
l G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
I Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st. opp. Mason. I
$900— 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE &
CO.. 993 Market st. : V.'.
FOR Sale — At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month: rent $65; price
$1500. 993 Market St. McBRIDE & CO.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
nbone Folsom 151'2.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list flrst. MITCHELE & CO.. 1206 Market st. j
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted; M rooms: no ob- !
jectlon to transient; no agents. Box 1384, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^M"RsT^R7~FARN7iA!i~
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;]
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings,' $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. ; |
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me- I
dlum: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
\u25a0 Fi\. Su.. 8 p. m.. 60c. 1084 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
BROCK WAY'S- psychic seance, Sunday. Tues-
day. Thursday. 8:15 p. m. ; 25c: readings daily.
2S» Hyde. cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 23CJ. »
Miss M.Wllle,326A Ellis St.. greatest of all crys-
tal seers: reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c«up; 3 questions by mail $1.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 . p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth,* r. 12; tell Howard 1129.
MRS. .HARLAND*S circle to-night; » articles
read. lCc; .readings 5Cc, $1. 14S Sixth st .
HARMACHEIS. occult I medium ; I circus Sun.',
.Tuee.. Wed.. Frl. eves. ;rdgg.dally. S32 O'Farrell.
PROF. Gee. 108 6th— Readings 50c and j $1 ; cir
every night. ex.. Sun., 10c; tel.. Howard 1133.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs.~C.~J/
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
x CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known~trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2G: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction , guar-
. anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. .Daily and Sunday. > ,
PRINCESS ISHMAEL of the tribe of Alohobar.
Bedouins, from Horan, near Damascus; life
readings through esoteric " astronomy without'
questions: limited engagement In this- city;
hours 9 a. m/ to 10 p. m. 1098VS Market str
room,l, second floor. •
CT. A.IRVO YAXTS— Contlnneil. .> »
MME. M. BERNARD, V "~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant snd business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
[ penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, '•\u25a0 discontented, un-
! happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
I love or business • troubles, consult this great
i medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
2Sc up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, -*
HIGH PSYCHIST.
'The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
\u25a0 diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1;' palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, pormanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings' daily,' 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. 'in.' • ~'... .
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist, tells
I past, present and future. 25c. 14$ Sixth, ' r.' 14.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader l"rom";Lou$?lana:
only 10c: from 1 to S. 262 Minna- St.; nr.'. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortuneteller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 . Eddy,
| MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry:
j truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44SV4 Jessie «\u25a0:., bet. 5th and 6th.'
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c: gents EOc; readings daily, j 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given;- 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET ISEATIIVG .*!sD CLEAXIXG.
! WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; telj South 40.
MODERN- Co.; steam clean ins. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission. *
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 1511% Market St.: phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
,3c; renovated; relaid, 105 14th st.;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-clcanlns Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.' .
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. ;
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74. ;
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny. St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chargn un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection' Agency, room
85. 916 Markot. AdvlCP froo: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A MODERN cottage, furnished, 30 minutes
from city; 6 rooms, bath, fruit trees, piano,
chickens. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. I
DENTISTS. , • ;
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal- plate, $15;
gold and porcelain ' crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. \
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, -9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes fcr best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
. wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE -W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
EOc: plates, $5. full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.'
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c: gold
or porcelain crowns. 55; set of teeth, ; $7;
, teeth extracted painlessly. ._. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission st., southeast corner Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy- st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work ' by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.*"
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy .bldg.
DETECTIVE AGEXCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610. Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed. i
DOG HOSPITALS. •
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
: or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st. . S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing,- bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $30; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
LEO COOPER'S School • of Acting, S14 Geary
at.; day and evening classes; send for new-
circular. • ' \u25a0
WANTED— A lady who is an expert violin
teacher. Apply at 119 Tenth st.. between 10
and 4 o'clock. ' .
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods ; . positions for all graduates ;
. J»ew- 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand.""' typ-
. ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
\u2666ott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. eur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day,- eve.; est. 1864. • Van
\u25a0 der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr.- City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man whoper-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
\u25a0 ers is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping . and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
: Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st '•
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. *MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.D&FIllppe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th— >
Pitman shorthand, typing; bookkeeping, $6 mo.,
MARY P." WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.*
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils • pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st , .
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
' mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business' College, 24 Post/st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new' 80- page catalogue , free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,' writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. v 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES./
JAPANESE and Chinese help of ~all~klnds;
cooks, waiters and" house servants. . GEO
; AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. •
CHINESE Employment Offlce — AH ." kinds of
help furnished. .• 439 Bush st ; tel. . James : 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. S24 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese," Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese; Employment Of-
fice; allkinds help. ' 313 Stockton; Main 518S: '
HELP WASTED — MALE— Con. |
A— MURRAY & READY... .'..Phone Main 5343 j
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents... |
Office open 7 a. m. to-day
Ship........ K. R. Men .....Free
C. N.. W. R. R.^- „.. Ukiah.
50 teamsters and laborers. Ukiah.... Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
5 muckers, quartz mine, south.
10 men to clear land -.$30 and found
15 woodchoppers 10 tle .™? k f rs
3 stablemen... 10 teamsters. $2 25 day
5 laborers, country • • • • • • •„\u2666- day "
10 laborers, $1 75 day 6 laborers. J32 oO & fd
25 farmers.'. $26 to $32 oO and found
10 plow teamsters. $30 and found; 1- choremea
' and chore boys. $30. $25 and $15; *o milkers,
$30.- $35 and $41); butter maker, run engine
and separator ". — • • • • ; ***
:..., SAWMILL HELP ...............
5 laborers for yards *J0 and found
Band saw filer, see boss here ..^W and found
2 doggers, sawmill co $2 2a and $40 & I<1
Shingle packer. Santa Cruz Co.. $52 and found
Shingle packer, north »6« and found
f. .>. . . MECHANICAL HELP . . . - ... ... • .
Blacksmith and horseshoer. city
3 boilermakers, country; 5 carpenters mining-
company, $75; ranch carpenter, $40 and found;
horseshoer, city; machine blacksmith; tin-
smith, city, *3 day •'\u25a0••
BUTCHERS ..".
HOTELS. STORES, ETC ......
• Married butcher, country shop, see boss here.
Butcher, drive peddle wagon, see boss here...
$30 and found
Assistant butcher, mining company.. $40 & fd
Young man to drive butcher's order wagon.
country, see boss here
8 cooks, hotels and restaurants..............
14 waiters, $10 week, $35 and $30; U kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc
Clerk, country merchandise store; young man
to drive milk wagoned wash bottles; porter
I for a saloon city,' $10 week. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St. '-\u25a0 _'
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st. nr. CaU bldg. ;i phone Bush 40r.
, RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE... f FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH .....
\u25a0 3 carpenters, 1 country, $3 50 per day, hair
fare advanced
Teamster for Arizona $80 to $90 per month
carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
Cheap rates to Redding, Shasta County. We
charter a car that leaves here Friday
10 laborers, near city $2 per day
COOK and wife, country hotel. $70; 2 cooks,
country hotels. $40 and $50; restaurant cooks;
hotel and restaurant waiters, dishwashers,
porters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
. 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st— French or
Spanish cook. $55; second cook. $10 a week;
•waiter, country hotel, $30; errand boy. $3 50 a
week; elevator boy, $12 to $15; assistant Jan-
itor, Swedish preferred. $30; broiler, $60, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Night watchman, young man, $20; bell boy.-
$15; dishwasher, country, $25.
MAN and wife to cook; small hotel, near
city; $45. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
BARBERS, Attention— The State Board of
Barber Examiners meet daily from 9 until 4
p. m. at Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market
st, room 204. P. W. DRAKE, secretary.
EXPERIENCED boilermakers wanted by the
RISDON IRON WORKS of San Francisco:
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
steam hammer, ship and machine forgings;
$3 50 a day and steady employment Apply
at office of company. Beale and Howard sts..
San Francisco.
BARBERS — A 3-chair barber shop; centrally
located in lively town of 10,000; average re-
ceipts $300 per month; owner is going into
other business; will bear investigation. Box
1382.' Call office. - :
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with,
some cash; $60 month; no experience neces-
sary; close Sundays. 1221 Market st. r. JL
$150 — WOMAN wants elderly man | for partner
, in i cigar store; full value of money. 257
Fourth St.. corner Folsom.
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG. 11 O'Farrell
street. -
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 2197%
Powell st. ; good wages. , - - r..;>
GOOD barber; steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
st. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
BARBERS wanted with certificates at 428 Sixth
street. , .
BARBER for Saturday at 105 Tenth st.
BARBER shop for sale. Apply 759% Howard st.
BARBER wanted. Saturday; wages $4; must
. have certificate. 648 Sacramento st.
PANTS pressers wanted by* S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter Bt.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 827 Sut-
ter st
EXPERIENCED shirt cutter; good wages.
MYERSTEIN CO., 23 Stevenson st. 4th floor.
WANTED— Plumbef at WM. LOANE'S. 439
Fifth st
GOOD tailor, wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-
mercial st.'»
CARPENTER wanted. 301 Twenty-second st.
Potrero Hotel. '\u25a0
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
per week; no risk. 78 Third st, room 2.
WANTED^-Iron molders and machinists, at
506 Mission st. %
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- .
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. j 241 Third st.
WANTED— Plumbers' helper or boy. 3271 Mls-
' 6ion st. ; call early.
YOUNG man past 20; clerical position: also a
bright boy, 14 to 18 years old. Box 1378, Call.
i
{ '^ HORSES AXD WACOXi.
j FOR Sale— Bay gelding. 6 years old. 16.1. can
I trot 2:30 or better; brown stallion, record
S 2:28%. gentle fcr lady to ride or drive; also a
' sorrel road team. 16 hands, 6 yearn old, would
} make * fine doctor's team. Dexter Prince
Stable. 130-J Grove st.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business, pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'a sales yard, 1732 Market st.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. October 23, at 11 a. m., at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J.' DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st
FOR Sale— Rubber-tired buggy, harness and
large bay mare: party- leaving. 217 Geary st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S., 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
j and road horses. DALZIE> fire, G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 82S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagon9. buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F\ Vet
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
HOSPITALS^
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— At Jefferson Square, a. purse contain-
ing $24 70. a ring and some keys. By return-
ing to A. BREUSS' cafe. 70 Third St., receive
liberal reward.
LOST— On Market st.. a fox terrier bitch, both
ears yellow; reward. Return to ED LANG-
LEY, 444 Jersey st. .
LOST— Fox terrier. In vicinity of Washington
Square; tag No. 1373. Return to 60S Filbert
st. and receive liberal reward.
LIBERAL reward— Irish setter dog; J. E. MII#-
LETT on collar. 2244 Mission st.
LOST— Female St Bernard. Oct. 22. $10 rewari
will be paid" for her return to 433 Seventh st
LOST— Brown and white dog, vicinity Third and.
\u25a0 Market sts. : liberal reward. 3360 Twenty-third.
LOST— A large fountain pen, gold mounted. Re*
turn to 123 Front st ; reward.
LOST — Grocery book with name of H. Clyne oa
inside page. Return 413 Tenth ave.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. IIOPKE BROS., 411 to US Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. -
' . MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and" la
trouble call and consult the specialist Mjr
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases bav*
been relieved by my medical treatment; £re«
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin: 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladles before & during confinement;
best care, attention: confinement $15: board $4>
week: infants adopted. 3S27 13th St.; Mlssion-
st cars; consultation free; phone Capp 2S03.
| MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. K»hl, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints: In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: horn*
in confinement. 1116 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D.. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. mP
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an.l
second -hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 102*
Mission st, above -Sixth; write for catalogue.
RETIRING from business— We are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames and molding*
at a reduction of half oft; musi close out
everything by Nov. 15. JONES & CO.. 704
Larkin st. near Ellis. \u25a0
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc.: also wood-working tools, such a.*
band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
moctisers, saws,- etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st. f C.I;":
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. " en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. *
FOR Sale— Two thoroughbred Irish Setter*
(males), 3 months old. Address P. O. box 101.
Novato. CaL
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boiler3 bought And sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17" Stevenson st, near First
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
USEFUL man in restaurant; night work/ 435
• Ellis st. ' /
BOY to run errands and for light store work.
Box 1410. Call office.. . ,
A GOOD strong boy about 19 for paint 1 factory.
Apply 177 Valencia st .1
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 rilsslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN to wait at table and make himself gen-
erally useful. 44 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER. 315 Grant ave.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 209 Larkin St.; barber
shop. . . \u25a0 .-.-i.v"
"WANTED — Short order cook. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Saloon porter at 152 East st. corner
Howard; wages $10 per week; call early. .
STRONG boy for grocery store. . 5904 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland. • - -
WAITER wanted at 17-19 Powell st." .;•:.";
WANTED— Elevator boy at 29 Stockton st.
GOOD dishwasher at 1201 Fillmore st, corner
Turk.
BOY to help plumber; experience necessary
1017 Folsom st. - " \
WANTED— Boy about 16 years old to learn
draughting and blue printing. Apply designer
THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
GENT to ,sollclt. for a .popular publication.
Apply 519 Filbert st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Watchmaker. Baldwin Jewelrv
Store. 846 Market st. _
.WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st
WANTED — For the country, a cutter who is
also a coat maker, and also a pants and vest
maker. . Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st
TINSMITHS wanted. American Can Companv
618 Battery st ... .: .
TAILORS— First-class ladles' tailor wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.
ELDERLY , man who understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Halght
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; cataloeua
mailed. 8. F. Barber College. .741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the word. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar"
: ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms- free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
HOUSES/ TO, LET. ' .', -
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for ri,
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 m%? t|omer£
HOUSES TO LE^-f£PRSISHED.
CLAY; -3710-Furnlshed~house'of f^coom^Tmi
bath:: billiard table and , Stelnway grtSd
. piano; marine view; rent $70 per. month.
: HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED-jAn unfurnished ' l^s« > ~a7~once'
. close In. for mother and son; 3. 4 or 5 rooms-
.- rent low. Address . box 1420. Call office '
iar ±Tice natters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
GENTLEMAN'S ticket to it Louis, ilo.',
cheap. Address box 1406. Call offlce.
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
plete, perfect. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission »t.
FOR . sale— 2 National cash registers. Inquire
Old Louvre. Phelan building. ,
GAS engine; perfect condition; only used few
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn.. 524 Sutter.
CHEAP. 4 H. P. gasoline engine: 2 steam
pumps ; all kinds tools. L. Sparber. 546 Mission.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
PHOTO bargain list N* 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
CASH register <Hall wood): brand new; 155- re-
\u25a0 ductlon. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton.
B BAKER U < g n HA3il£TO^ t< ' "^ \u25a0 '" '^
JE ,T?!? LRT for saIe and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny st. room ».
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at?
i GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENG i X - 1 il £ L and to" 6 ": second-hand machinery^
J. BIjRKE, 123 Beale st
FAIR ? ANKS# 10-ton hay seal*: jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED-Second-hand upright T)iano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
T^T rO:> f w , ants K°° a second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 gth St.; tel. Folsom 2S2J.
lir-j-;' _ M ?^ Y to loax.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY."™
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance <& securities Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
reaJ estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Ked 5024. MAS-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bids.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
• Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought;. no delay....
Get my terms before doing business eisewnere.
R. McCOLGAN'
24 Montgomery st, room 3
: I250.000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rats
i on California securities, first or second mort-
! gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
i- \u25a0 terests In real estate, legacies, etc., also fim-
j class ranch property; will loan as high as 73
: per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER X>7
i Parrott building. s '
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; flrst
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room XS
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
; ib, COO, 000 at 6% or less in large sums; Ioan3
: on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
\u25a0problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
proposition; any amount; G per cent.' on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN
Adams building. 208 Kearny st'. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation. established^885~proper
-" place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
\u25a0 pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest
9 Grant ave.. near Market st;.tel. Black 547L
ON SALARIES without indorser: other *propo>
. ' sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
EMPLOYMENT VVANTEJU FEMALB.> BALTIMORE,' Md.; ; Oct "-.; 24.— Peter Ma
her,* the Irish 'champion,' and Jim" Jeffords
of \ California have been matched to box
ten rounds "in this city on: November 8.
Maher to Pight Jeffords.
\u25a0 ANACONDA,, Mont.,-. Oct. -24.— Jack
Wade of Salt Lake at the Margareta The
ater', to-night knocked ' out V'Doc" : Flynn
of San Francisco In the fifteenth round of
what .was ; to * have " been a ; twenty-round
contest. '3MMBiHnn9&B l^BS3S£l4hflHni
f'Doc" Flynn Knocked Out.
; SACRAMENTO, Oct. 24.— L. /G. , Klein,
•who killed Henry.Mlller, a. fellow. convict
at Folsom Prison last May,, was sentericetl
by Judge; Hart to-day to -four- years' im
prisonment at: Folsom.- Klein's ; term- for
burglary would . have- expired/ in Septem
bftr la*L * . •'. \u25a0 " \ -.;.; .
Pour .Years '\u25a0\u25a0 for the • Convict.
SANTA CRUZ,'; Oct. \ 24.— The marrlagi
of Miss Agnes Wilkins and frank de Cray
took place at the Catholic church *to-day.
After the ceremony there was t a recep
tion ? at the home • of : Mrs. - Catherine • Wil
kins, - the bride's . aunt. « The '• rooms "' had
been beautifully .decorated by • Miss Mary
Cody, a cousin of the bride: ;\u25a0 -
Church Wedding in Santa Cruz.
LONDON, Oct. f 24.— William /, C. Wnlt
ney 's ( Volodyovski (J. Reiff).won the San
downe foal stakes !or £2000 for three-year
olds," distance about one mile five furlongs.
at the Sandowne 7 Park autumn meeting
to-day. ' Transparent - was \u25a0 second *- and
Dundonald . (Maher) third. Five horses
started. . .. \u25a0 . - . . \u25a0 • • ' : ..
Volodyovski Wins the Sandowne.
BAKERBFIKLD.v Oct. - 24— Robert H.
Elsey, ,'an inventor machinist, at
tempted to . end his jlfe this, morning by
cutting his throat ' with-: a dull ' 4 pocket
knife. The - blade' missed the important
blood vessels and Elsey,. who was treated
at the County Hospital, will recover.- De
spondency was the cause of his act ,vi •
Inventor ; Tries, to End Life.
. : ALBANY, N. T., Oct.- 24.— Leon F. Czol
gosz.'.the murderer of President McICinley,
will be electrocuted at 7 a. m. on Tuesday,
October 29,- at Auburn- prison. ;,
Warden" Mead has selected Tuesday so
1 that final arrangements may , be made on
Monday." j Inv doing this he \u25a0:' is
.the general customin' the State! prison
relative to electrocutions. " t It does -away
with, the necessity of making final ar
rangements onSunday., The sentence of
the court was that the execution of Czol
gosz should t take" place during the week
commencing October 28. £ This latitude is
.given the -warden^to secure secrecy: as to
the time of execution and to guard against
d'elay. from accident, such as in. 1893 caused
a delay of an hour in ah execution after
the condemned. man had been taken into
the death' house at Auburn. V • \
':\u25a0 Thef writnesses "will assemble -at "the
prison at 6:30 on Tuesday morning. There
>have 'been;. twen1;y-sIXi invitations "issued
and they are nonrtransf erable.V Each wit
ness \u25a0\u25a0 must present i his' invitation v to Uhe
\u25a0.warden v of '\u25a0 the :. prison • an^ if he " is '.not
Identified to the satisfaction of.the warden
as belhg the man " to whom it | was "\u25a0 issued
he^will not >be r admitted. ' .
Warden of Auburn Prison Issues In
vitations for the Electrocu- ,
, \u25a0 .--tion.
ASSASSIN CZOLGOSZ
TO DIE NE2CT TUESDAY
LEADVIL.L.E, Colo., Oct. 24.— The -rock
drilling contest held here to-night for the
championship of the world ' In Gunnlson
granite -took,; place at the -opera-house.'
The following are the results: Malley and
Chamberlain, Leadville, 40% Inches; Rosa
and MeLeod,- British ' Columbia, 39 13-16
Inches; ! Hupps and Llndqulst," , Ouray,
38 11-32 inches; Pittman and . Coughlin.
35% inches. There are three teams to drill
to-morrow night, two from Leadville and
one from Butte, Mont. • • - -
Drill Rock3 for Championship.
TUCSON, Ariz., . Oct. 24.— The United
States ' Grand Jury to-day reported . a
fourth indictment, against ex-Collector
Hoey for. the alleged making of a fraudu
lent claim against the United ! States in
riding on a pass and charging railroad
fare to the Government. All the \u25a0 Hoey
cases will come up for trial next week. '
rourth Indictment Against Hoey.
'TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 24.— O. A. Stass
forth of Los Angeles was to-day; indicted
by the United = States Grand:' Jury under
the Edmunds act. Upon arraignment he
pleaded not guilty. The trial was set for
Tuesday, \u25a0 October 29. The prosecution ls
In the ' hands of United States Attorney
Morrison. Mrs.' Stassforth is here; but
denies 1 having, any ; Interest in the case
except to give testimony. Stassforth .is
known In Arizona and Mexico as; a/ man
of large means. .; He -is -now under $2500
bond: \u25a0 ' : " " \u25a0
Jury Indicts a Wealthy Man.
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEI^ " .' " "^. .
G F Henry & vr, Iowa F C Bleecker, Seattle
F Chester & w, Oakld C W Burdsal. Spokane
J H McNfelll & son. R Vaujrhan. B C -*».<
Los Angeles : - Q B Dill. Greenwood
;D Rawson, Los Anff . Mrs Hodaruss. Gr«en.w&
\u25a0H K Kron. S Cruz W Proudfoot USA
Dr F M Archer, Cal- W Stockton, Vermont'
li 1. Gaffney, Nev City W P Northcott & w,
C Ramaden, England Greenwood, 111
H D Lazell. Vallejo . . C W. Howes & w. HI
. H May. Decoto N Dresser. - Illinois -
J R Alken. Decoto "W T Selleck, Ix)s Aiw
W A Handcock. Cal C G Littlefleld. Boston
Mrs Handcock & child, J 1» Papon, Oregon
Colgate ' \u25a0 Mrs M Thomsen. Cal
J D Adams. Boston ' Miss M Thomsen. Cal
H C Brooks. Tucson EL Croller, Or -Valley
C C Sroufe, Tucs.on W A Kaufman. Denrer
F H Herd, Cal Mrs G D "Worswick.
Mrs "W H Selleck. Seatl San Jose. ' . .
E A Fane, S Diego W P Thomas. Uklah
M'B 'WlUiams. NT I Wlllcox, Chlco
"W Farsrue. Cal . J F Coonan, Eureka \u25a0
C W AyTes, S Barbara T D Petch. Eureka.
Mra ' C N MacLouth, Mrs -"W S Glbbs. Kapa
St Helena . QD Rich & w. Sonoma
M C Haquar, Cal M Bates, Kan City .
J W Roach. Indiana C E Towns. S' Crua \u25a0
Mrs W T-Jenkins. Cal A H "Woodwell. N T..
Mrs "W Dickie & ch, W J Reynolds. "Wls
Battle Mountain Mrs C J "Wyland, Iowa
S W Van Syckle, N J Grace Wyland, Iowa>
A W Maltby & w, L A' Blaslngame & w,
-. Concord . Fresno " \u25a0\u25a0- - ' -
J Kincald & -w. L Ans S "W Warlnr.' SPedro
L "W Krohn, Montana H R McNoble. Stockta-
Mrs J K Wood. Mont W F Sesser. Minn
S T Battelle, Seattle s J B Seykora & w. C*l
Mrs W A Shannon, C A Bond". San Rafa*l
Seattle \u25a0 : \u25a0\u25a0 Mrs C A Bond, S Rafl
C ' Shannon. Seattle -
PALACE HOTEL. ' \,~"
Rev Canon O Mehony.lF A Barr. Los An? •
Cork- B-Westrope. Hull
W J B«lt. Australia T J McCarthy. L Ans
Mrs C A Clark & ch, L W Neame. London '
N T-. -\u25a0 . • . O Stevens. Sacto
Rev H W Nelson & w, P P Powell & w. USA
NT ' A Revere,- N Zealand.
Miss K D Nelson. N T C Zahn, N Zealand
AM Stevenson Jr. R C Napier & w. Mo
. Denver •• >- A B McCrecry.- Cat
I E Terry. Sacto : R H Macnee & w. NT
. T T Williams,. S Rafael R C Rosen, S Barbara
0 E Kesllngrer. N T , CFernald, Jackson .
! J G Towl. Mo • L D Fay. Los Ansr
Mrs F T Badstreet. Me JC Galr. Chicago
Miss Badstreet/: Maine G ~B Robblns. Chlca»» .
• Mrs M E Noblock. Cal R Graham, Los Ans
Miss Noblock. Cal ' T Holland, Phlla .
A-N KHtleson. Nome A H Woodhull. NT
ILIndebergr.Nome G Lull & w, Stanford
H R Penney & -w. Neb A C Brigham. Marytrr
T E Blttinger. Cal T E Cryder. N T
G M Denney. Newark G J Cole, N Mex .
D S Rosenbaum. Stktn F Robinson, England
Dr W E Wlegand. Md L W Little, England
r T Goodwin, N T. \u25a0•- . \u25a0 « . , '. .
• \u25a0 NEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
W Clobs, Stockton • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- G C Monroe Portland r
W E Evans, Redwood E B Channell. La Ang
D F Bartlett. Neb W P Stephman. Ls An
1 P Frey * w. Wellstn N Buxton. San Jos«
J D Colbaugh. Stockta W Holtlne. El Paao
S'G Tork- Kansas " G Gallaher. Red Bluff
Mrs.C Woodslde, Colo W HColwell Mexico
.W S McCToeky. Cal WElken, Sacto
T J Edwards. Oakland A Keating. Fresno
OS Crawford. Neb M Wiener. Pasadena
W A Burghard. Cal F H Barden. Haywrds
Jury, Declares Him Guilty.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 24.— Alexander C.
Vance.- who shot and killed Charles F.
Franklin ; at Batonville September t, was
to-night convicted. of murder In the first
degree.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 24.-Jailer Shand
at the City. Jail j has 'discovered a well
laid plan to effect a wholesale jail de
livery-and a- woman is under arrest
charged with '\u25a0 furnishing the tools " found
in the cells of several prisoners. Six saw
blades of the finest make and a frame to
fit them were passed into the jail and two
bars on a rear- window had -been sawed
nearly through. ; - _-.,
The prisoner whom the woman, Louisa
Lopez, Is said to have sought to release
is -Alejandro Hernandez, now. serving a
sentence. for larceny, but the jail officials
claim -there were at least a dozen other
prisoners in the plot and that a wholesale
delivery was. narrowly averted. '
Prisoners in Los Angeles Found Sup
plied With Tools to Effect
Escape.
PLAN , FOR JAIL BREAK
DISCOVERED IN SEASON
SEATTLE, Oct. 24.-When the steam
ship' Portland reached the dock to-day
from the north | George E. Danells, Lthe
\u25a0first passenger to land, was placed under
arpest. Danells had a sack of nuggets
that was worth thousands of dollars. ,-.
\u25a0 Danells, while acting as the collector for
Carsten Bros., local wholesale .butchers,
who had opened a branch house at Daw
son, is declared to have visited Bonanza,
Grand Forks and other mining camps,
collected between $35,000 . and - $40,000 and
disappeared. He was located in- a little
mining camp north of Dawson - and
brought into that city. -Upon his person
was found $20,000, which was returned to
the owners. Danells was placed in jail,
but soon'broke out and again disappeared.
The case will be tried in, Seattle if extra
dition papers can be secured.
Man Alleged to Have Taken Coin
From Employers Arrested at ' -.
Seattle. : :
OFFICERS MEET HTM
WHEN STEAMER ARRIVES
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 24.— For the • pait
three weeks the State Bank and Tru:;t
Company of this city has received almost
daily forged , checks . for small amount's
from different points In < the East. The
forgeries have - been uttered by E. D.
Dent, alias J. W. Frey; and in each in
stance the name of Cashier • Off of the
State Bank and Trust Company has-been
forged to the checks. Starting in this city
three weeks ago, Dent .or Frey has left
a trail of forgeries through Arizona, Kan
sas and Iowa and is now operating in Il
linois, his last operations being conduct
ed at Quincy, 111. i". .\
Forgery of a Cashier's Name.
TACOMA, Wash.j Oct. 24.— Advices re
ceived to-day from Nome by the steam
ship Portland include the names of the
four men who were drowned near Port
Safety, August 6. The death of the men ;
was investigated by Deputy Coroner 5 A.;
F. Lange, who returned to Nome on the
evening of Tuesday of last week with the
first reliable information concerning the
disaster. The names of the men were
William Hiltz, Richard 1 Waldron. Ed Cul
burt and James C. Wilklns. No informa
tion concerning them further than that
the mother of Wilkins lives at Brooklyn,
N. Y., could be obtained by the Coroner.
The men> were drowned by the upsetting
of a boat In which they, were rowing from
Port- Safety to Solomon City. . .
Names of the Dead Obtained.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 24.-Several years
ago lobsters were planted In Monterey
Bay. For several weeks the United State*
steamer Albatross has been making an
effort to find some trace of them, but
without success. While splitting a pilo
here to-day 'F. W. Littlefleld found on «t
a lot' ol lobsters, some six , inches, long,
they having evidently drifted. over from
Monterey. This is the first sign, of the
lobsters since they were planted in the
bay. - . -
Elusive Crustaceans Planted in Mon
terey Bay Are Discovered'
by Accident.
SANTA CBTJZ CITTZE2T
FINDS THE LOBSTEBS
Since the appointment of an adminis
trator the estate has been in almost con
stant litigation, arid - expenses incident
thereto have constituted, the bulk of the
expenditures. Among the fees. paid are
the following:. F. C. LusK, $1600; Carleton
Gray and Richard White, $1500; John Gale,
'{2000; .Expert. Kytka, $1011; Expert Elsen
schimel,' $432; Expert Ames, $529; Court
.Reporter Mrs. E. P- McCallum, flSZ j&t
The costs In the will case amourae'* \o
$1015'B(rand-"the~ admta!«ti«tor's \u25a0:;-.cri:^:.'.
sloni were $1399 81. -
OROVILLE, Oct. 24.— The division of the
estate of the late Alfred Fuller has been
completed and some interesting -figures"
have been made public. The decree of the
court settling the final account and order
ing distribution was in accordance with
the terms of compromise agreed upon by
the attorneys representing the several in
terests. The compromise prevented an
appeal of the case from Judge Davis' de
cision awarding the estate to the half
breed son of the deceased. Fuller, but
lit made a hole in the fortune," which, after
young Fuller's attorneys were paid,
amounted to less than $4000. The exact
sum which- he will receive under the set
tlement is $3969 35, not a large percentage
of a $36,000 estate, but still a comfortable
start for him. • •' - ..* --
Settling of the Fuller Estate, at Oro
ville Shows Some. Interesting
Figures.
LAWYERS ARE GIVEN :
MORE TFT ATT THE HEIR
.. Appointed : Calif ornia— P. i,. Alnscough,
Banning, Riverside County, vice M; H..Ur
to'n, resigned; E. A. Mahon, Cinnabar,
Trinity County, vice S. Waterman,, re
signed; J. H. Knowles, Stent, Tuolumne
County, vice E. J.=. Chapman, resigned.
Oregon — W. Garlinghouse, Monroe,~Beh
ton County, vice W. 'H. Kay, resigned. .
'Washington— Miss I* Elliott, Adelaide,
Kay County, vice L». Cheadie, deceased;
T. E. Cone, Harmony, Lewis County, vice
J. Sherman, resigned.
These pensions. were granted: Original—
William S. Fitzpatrick, Bella Vista, $6;
Egbert H. Tucker, Selma, J6; Mlcnael D.
Sproule.-San Francisco, $6; JSdward Stew
'ftjgi Mllpitaa. $6; Jaires O. E?aup ; North
v'ueann'-nsi, ?S: Jeroir.2 D. F/enJanfln.Wat
\u25a030i:\'l','rt, f j; Th<sophi;u3 B[\ \V:\:n, Ma-
Jerii, t* v - lr.?rease — Ht;nr>* Gli?nvi!l» Shaw,
San Franclseo^ 510; FranklL-1* R.' Fatten,
San Diego; W; 'Abraham B. ISarkle, For
tuna, $S; John F. Youngs, Soldiers' Home,
tos Angeles, $10; William H. Stinchfleld,
Olive, $10; Cornelius S.- Wergy, Santa Ana,
$10; George Long, Happy Camp, $12; Wil
liam W. Garrison, Guerneville, ~$8; John
W. Ward, San, Francisco, $8. Widows—
Hanna Hunter, Garvanza, $8; L»ucy A.
Grimes, Corning, $8; Sarah P. Kelthly, El
mira; $12. . : .
- Oregon — Original — Joshua } Lowmiller,
Palestine, $6; William L. Newbill, "Wila
mina, $8. Increase— Henry R. Harrington,
Oakland, $10; Philip Silcher, Portland, $12;
Abraham Mowery, .Kingsley, $8; Charles
B. Prather, Hood River, $12. Widows-
Elizabeth A. Dunlap, Ashland, $8. . -
Washington— Original— Willis L. Ames.
Seattle, $6. \u25a0 Increase — Richard A. Rew,
Harrington, $8; John W. Sampson, Wash
ougal, $3; Charles H. Volght, Spokane, $10.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
PostpfRce established:' Washington—Free
land, Island County. Martin Davlson, post
master. Postmasters commissioned: Cal
ifornia—Frank : A. Tillgitt, Inglewood;
Elino E. Pyle, Pylema. . '. - ' .
Oregon — Edith Raupich, Tremont; James
Marcum, Gurdane.
Washington— Otho O. McAllister, South
Park; Charles Schuman, Stones.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
\u25a0 \u25a0 Granted. " * v
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Builders' Contracts.
Pierre Cassou \u25a0 (owner) with John B. Pene
(contractor), architects E. Deplerre and. : P.
Righettl— All alterations and - additions except
painting and papering for a two-story frame
building at 2623 Sutter stree^ south side. Dn
.tween Baker and Lyon; $1937. • \u25a0 \ :.-•• .
Edith Dorothy Creede (minor) (owner) (by
Roger Johnson, guardian) with Ben O." John
aon (contractor), architect A. i W. ; Smith— All
work for a two-story basement and attic fram*»
residence on E line of Pierce street. ' 100 N &t
Hal*ht, N 35, E 125. S 25. W' 10O. S 10, W 25;
$4497. " - : \u25a0 : - \u25a0 \u25a0 - . — \u25a0 "\u25a0>; .
Mary A. Doyla (widow) to California and
Nevada Ice Company, lot on SE" line of How
ard street, 600; SW of Fourth. SW 23 by SE
80; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to John
and Mary Norton, lot on SE line of dara
street, 450 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Lena L. C. Shrakkart to Charles Shrakkart.
lot on NW lln» of Bryant street. 1S3U SW of
Fifth. SW 22:11 by NW 87:«: $1500.. . . .
Potrero Land Improvement Company to John
I>eveney, lot on .W line of Minnesota street.
125" N of Twenty-second (Sierra). N 25 by W
100; irrant.- . \u25a0 \ , . . . \u25a0
Winifred or Winnefrad- and John Sheehy to
Solomon Getz. lot on W line of Ninth avenue.
150 N of J street, ~N 25 by W 120; $10. -
Solomon and \u25a0 Dora Getz to Annie M. Reed
(wife- of Stuart S.), same; $10. ."- • - \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0
Mary Daly, (by G. H. Umbsen. commissioner)
to John Dougherty, lot on S line of N street.
67:6 E of Thirty-fifth avenue E 100 by S 100
also lot on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 100 S
°£ treet> s 200 by E 240; also lot on E line
of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 N of O street. N
50 by E 120; $842. . ..: • •.....-..
John and Martin Kerrigan and Delia Mcln
erney to Margaret Kerrigan, lots 538 and 540
O'.rt Map 2; also lot on ME corner of Orizaba.
and Sagamore streets, N 125 by E 25, l**-**~-
Woc't C, Railroad Jlam-etaaa—AMocUtlon*-****
all interest in estate of Patrick Kerrigan. No.
£0.259; $3. •'\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
Ix>uis Ynng to Abraham Rosenberg, lot on N
tJr.a of Farallones street, 30O E of \u25a0 Plymouth
(Marengo) E 100 by N 125, lot 8. block.
Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Eliza Stoddard (widow) to Wllhelm and Ber
tha Huth, lot 9, block 390.- South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $10. • '•
\u25a0 Ellen GUhuly (widow) to Mary - McDonald
(widow), lot on SE corner of Sargent (Central)
and Vernon streets, E 25 by S 1C0. block 25,
City Land Association: $10. . .
\u25a0 Bertha D. Malchow (widow) to Frank B. and
Dorothy Cushman. lot 816, Gift Map- !;\u25a0 $10. \u25a0 i •
Mary A. and John Mugge and Ann Towns (by,
Fabius T. ' Finch, commissioner) to V. I*.
\u25a0Hooper, lot on E line of Mission street (as
widened). 275 S of China avenue. S 25 by E 83:6.
lot 2. block 2. Excelsior Homestead Association;
$1800.. . — ... - .' \u25a0 < .-
Mary J. Stlllman to Frederick "W. Van Slck
len, interest in estate of Elizabeth G. -Welsh,
No. 17,965; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Nlck
olaus Becker, lot In cemetery; $273. . '
William H. and John J. Bryan to Alicia H.
Wood (Bryan), lot on S line of Sutter street.
71:3 W of Hyde. W 45:3 by S 10O. quitclaim
deed; 110.
Edward B. and Sarah C. . Pond to Samuel
Frank, lot on SW corner of Webster and Fil
bert streets, S 23 by W 100; $10.
-Abraham and Esther R, Wolf« to Ellen
Kearns (widow),- lot on S line- of Oak street.
10o:3 E of Scott, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Edward B. Hlndes to Elizabeth T. Coombs.
Jeanette S. Jones (Doane), Orson K. tad Wil
liam H. Doane (»-i to each of said parties),
undivided 1-5 of lot on N line of Grove street.
200_E of Brpderlck. E 25 by N 137:6; Kitu
Charles J. and Frances L.. Vath to Hermann
-Wrede. lot on W line of Baker street. 27 S
Of Page. S 22:6 by W 100; J3. - •
Cora B. and Sydney V. Smith to Alice C.
Ball and Mary E. Verleger (wife of Frederick
verleger). lot on W line of Cherry street, 73
S of Clay. S 27 by W 105:4; $10. "
Fredericlc Verleger to Mary E. Verleger (his
wife), same: rift. :
Mario Wltnrow to Katherlna H. "Wlthrow
(widow), lot on SW corner of Saa Jose avenua
and Twenty-fourth street, S 30 by W 90; $10
Annie N. Linden (wife of William Linden) to
Armand and Sarah Picard. lot on S line ot
Jersey street, 160 E of Castro, E 23 by S 114.
quitclaim deed; $1.
Armand and Sarah Picard to Max A. Stam
mer, same; 110. : - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • • • •
REAL ESTATE . TRANSACTIONS.
The value of the estate has been vari-.
ously estimated at from $7,000,000 to $23,
000,000' and it is probable v that the latter
amount is more nearly correct. " . -'
In the month of June, 1900, the then ex
ecutor of the estate presented his final ac
count and petition for distribution. The
account was settled and distribution was
then made with the exception of $20,000,
which amount was ordered" reserved to
pay the claim of J. H.\ Campbell, the at
torney for absent heirs, in the eventthat
the litigation then pending over the claim
should result in favor of Campbell, the
claim, being one f<Jr compensation for his
services as such attorney. -..; .---.. .
Campbell, upon his appointment, was al
lowed the sum of $1000 per. month by the
court, which allowance continued for a
period of about . eight . years. Upon the
settlement of the estate Campbell claimed
that about $19,000 was due him, but the
court -held against him. An appeal was
taken by him to the Supreme Court,,
where the lower court was upheld.
Thomas I}. Bishop and Azro N. Lewis,
to whom the $20,000 was to be distributed,
assigned $10,000 thereof to the firm of Mil
ler & Lux, which in turn assigned $7500
of this amourit to Magdalena HoUzscher
er, Salome Lux ' Wolfe, Caroline Lux
Mitchell, George Lux and Emit Lux, and
the money was ordered distributed to
these parties. " ' " ' ' ""• "
REDWOOD CITT, Oct. .24.— The affairs
of the vast estate of the late Charles Lux
were closed to-day; in the Superior Court
at this place. The estate has been in pro
bate in • this county for a great many
years and has given rise t6 considerable
litigation. The fees paid out of the; estate
Tiave amounted to good-sized, fortunes.; '•
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
SEATTLE, -Wash., Oct. 24.— The Alaska
Commercial Company's steamship Port
land, Captain j Linquist, with 620 . passen
gers' and over. three, tons. of gold dust, or
$2,000,000 -on board, arrived here: at- 8
o'clock ..this morning from St/ Michael'
and Nome, having left the former port
on Wednesday night, . October 9, arid the.
latter on Friday, October 11.- , :'i
\u25a0At St. Michael' all. business was practi
cally closed when : the. Portland loft,
about 250 of .the employes of : the * North-:
em Commercial " and Northern ; Naviga-=
tion companies being sent out on her.
The ; remainder will come on the Roa
noke, a. few being" left- to care for. the.
property of the\ companies' through the.
long winter season. ; ... '\u25a0 .•\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0
The * steamer combine was fortunate
enough to get all its. Dawson freight^
away from St. Michael in time to reach
Dawson before the river closes,. probably, ;
although there is- some\doubt. about the \\
Lovelle -Young, an independent steamer
which was chartered and sent out with'
the last cargo for the Northern Commer
cial Company. Tne Dawson and White:
Horse ,• Navigation- Company, however,'
running an opposition, line .on the river, "
was not so fortunate. This company
handled the cargo of the British steam-'
ship _Manauense, which arrived sp.'late
as to leave no chance -to get the cargo
to Dawson this winter. .. •. - .
There is said to be a regular stampede
around : the steamship offices in Noihe
and it is feared many who are anxious to
get. away this fall will not be able to do
so. Practically all of. the Northern Navi
gation Company's fleet of river steamers 1
were laid up for the winter .when, the:
Portland left St. Michael. The only river
steamer still afloat was the Herman.
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
Waldron recently brought court proceed
ings to enjoin the city from effecting the
sale of $2,000,000 of water bonds, which
action is now pending. \u25a0 : . \u25a0
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2J.-S. A. Waldroa
to-day served notice on the city authori
ties that he will apply to the Attorney
General, of the State . for permission to
institute . quo , warranto proceedings
against the Los Angeles city officials now
holding office. He attacks the charter and
all its provisions, demanding that they
be declared null and" void and. that the
-Mayor and City Council be declared to
have no' right to hold office.
The complaint, further alleges that the
election for the adoption of the charter
was held thirteen days prior to the time
prescribed by the constitution and by rea
son of this prematurity of action the char
ter- of 1888, which is the charter under
and by which the administrative officers
of the municipality hold their power, is
now and has been of no effect or validity
whatever. *
Election Is Declared -\ to
Have, Been Held
Prematurely.
Prospectors in Nome Make
Frantic Endeavors to p
Final - Action in Settlement
Tal^§n at Redwood
City. "
Distribution of the Yast
Lux Estate Is Com- \
pleted.
Two Million Dollars in
\ Dust Comes From
the North.
Los Angeles Man Begins
Attack on a City
Charter.
COURT CLOSES
THE LITIGATION
SHIP CARRIES
GOLDEN CARGO
WANTS OUSTING
OF OFFICIALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
13
\ FERSOyALS—Contlnnea.
WHAGvks? T A !» can be certain of style and
fit \ ut«ig 5t5>-iard Patterns; Nov. patterns
anotrhe \>efl_ner now ready. J. W. EVANS,
DockstU-flo—re, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
\u25a0 1 - t \u25a0 - — —
MAS^yERA'DJ- costumes, play- books, wigs;
counVy cjtt rs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Market.
£00 MB t Tr.'.nted to order suits for $1 per week.
KEUUUB & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
TA1L4R-MADE suits; $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Mlsf: Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPIHLTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c.
per j.-alSon. Ill Van Ness ave. . . - .--.-" •
OBEfCTY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
_ A'VDA CO., 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th & 19th.
DR. "&MOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
cor:;" cure; 23c.;' all druggists. " • •\u25a0\u25a0•'.-
ALFiEDUMS Egj-ptian Henna; restores gray
ha** to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLT'gold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
height. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. .
fLAMXG ASP TURXIXG MIL-.SJ : j
WJOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping'
*nd Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
, PHVSICIAXS AND SURGEOXS. ."t
I)R. G C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
\u25a0 1021H Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.:
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,, .successfully,
treats all diseases of -the 'human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb. doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALS.'.
A SUNNT north corner, near ., Van Ness ave.;
large lot, with fine residence of 14 rooms.
Larg« residence on Jackson st., near Polk;
14 rooms: lot 35x127. :.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. ; = .
6 Montgomery st. \u25a0 \u25a0
$350 AND $250 each. 2 sunny corner Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets; cash or lnstall-
ments. Apply 360 Jepsie st. . - ' '
PIERCE st., near Broadway. 33x100. for $3250,
to sell Quick. '646 Market 8t. . •-. .
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement'
and yard; half each. 3022 Pierce -st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
GOOD land; low price; bank's- figures; coast-
road; fast trains; best climate; best soil;
crops sure; selling fast; to saving people on-
n:onthly payments; within the reach of. fru-
gal people; $14 14 monthly will buy 10 acres;
careful men will plant vineyards or orchards'
to suit buyers; a pretty, colony, is forming-
no w; the kind of soil, the kind of climate, :
the kind of people you want to be with-
Santa Clara Valley; come see us. WOOSTER
WHITTON & MONTGOMERY. 634 Market
st, and San Jose. ». • . - - ;
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero,
for sale: 300 acres, mostly redwood* and" t«ia
oak; 1000 fruit trees in full bearlne, prin-
cipally late apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J
EVANS, Pescadero, San Mateo County. •
'• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco ls growing rapidly; • location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California Bt., for pam-
phlets and Information. . . \u25a0 • _ .
A SXAP; only $509; 1 acre of land In Stockton;
house, barn, chicken houses, etc. ; orchard,
alfalfa pt'.ch, 2 wells, fine water, windmill;
JSSO; 12 f-rres close to Stockton, house of 5
roorw, 1 ;rn, well, etc. C. F. MOORE. 935
Market et.. room S. . . •
A— IF rca virnt to buy. sell or exchange city
or country .roperty call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. :ii Mrktt St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222.' Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma*. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS ; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure ; >,1 cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY UXZAL ESTATE.
\u25a0^TXL THIS TEMPI TOCI
13&Q «111 bey."* J •-* -<*-o-story .h.0U9«.-*cd
let, reir tjae statl r. r.u ih^ sunny side of
1\* d»t'; «treev* ,tU R.U c :-%'.<\u25a0 any pn»
buying this property 'lurir.g the" coming
•jfeek I will give u | b^nus a fine tK.rner
'ct. eCilfO, adjoin!: g :c* nbore; rn!n'3 yea,
there is no ra'«ta... . , v!;i «Ive yuu ttt«» lot
free If you buy the house and lot. Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. O., Berkeley
rtaticn. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ..
$2500— FINE large comfortable S-room cottage,
with bath and all modern Improvements, and'
all In good condition; select central residence
location on Myrtle St.; lot 50x125 feet; sunny
front; easy walk from local station; rents for
|2i per month; terms can be- arranged. »
GEO. W. AUSTIN & V CO., j
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$800 — PLAIN but cozy cottage • of 5 rooms in
rood condition; sunny side; dose to San
Pablo-ave. electric cars; street work all done;
insured for 8800; policy paid for 3 years in
advance goes with the place; title 'perfect;
terms can be arranged ; would rent for $8 to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES ct every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10. \u25a0 \u25a0 ~-
OAKLAX1) FUR.V1TURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS ' FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CENfRAxTaver/ 722, near~ McAllister— Three .
furnished housekeeping rooms; • sunny and
cheap; no children. : .
EDDY. 156 — Xewly furnished sunny front room;
use of kitchen, with gas range included.
ELEVENTH, 120— Modern unfurnished front
and back parlor; gas, bath; cheap. . "» ' '
FIFTH; 253— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
\u25a0 three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.'
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny housekeeping room; clos-
ets; stove; bath; modern bouse; private; $1 50
week. .-..-\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0--
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 409— AJcove and, kitchen;
completely furnished; bath; grate;, yard.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny modern parlor; gaj range;
phone; gas; bath; complete housekeeping; $15.
HERMAN. £7, near Junction of Market and
Valencia— 4 large unfurnished housekeeplns
rooms; modern; no children; $15. .*V, "~ "
HOWARD, 935V4, between Fifth and Sixth— Two
nice sunny rooms for housekeeping; reason-
abie; no children. - ; \ -*'.-\u25a0;
HTDE. 408— Sunny hskpg suite,- $17; basement
rear suite, yard, laundry, tl?; permanent only.
HYDE, 514— A suite of newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; every convenience. ';
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front alcove \u25a0 rooms;
light housekeeping; gas, bath, phone. -,: , i ,,
OAK, 119— Sunny room, furnished for hOuse-
keeplng; range; running water; closet; $8. . )''.
POLK. 1002— 2 and S room- suites, completely.
furnished for housekeeping: cheap; reference;
SUTTER. 995, corner Hyde— 2 front rooms fur-
rilshed for housekeeping. i__^__L_i.
THIRD, 419— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms. ,-. . • { -,> \u25a0'
VALENCIA. 128-2 or 3 sunny furnished bay-
window rooms; kitchen; private family and
adults. ,- . • -.-_-. < 1; -. :;.'-,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee.. 2200 FlllmOre «t
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 109S
Valencia st. - - - - - \u25a0"\u25a0 • -.- - ' ! '
ItOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unf urn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAUister^-New.' elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors flndlno
place like the Argyle; take McAlllster-at. can*.'
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 " Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per wrtk and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night: .
AT Shasta House. 246 iThird— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.- : ;•-.,;
A . SUNNY sulk and singles, neat and clean,"
bath, phone. Prices low. 33* Stockton. 1
[BURNETT. 1426 Market (old - No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed ran., suites, single : also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. »
ELLIS. 822— Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached. , .. . ... *•; - s ,T». .-..u - v
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell-New House, fireproof,
new furniture: electric elevator- 25- private
suites with bath;, baths free; first-class. \u25a0
FELL, 253— Furnished rooms for gentlemen.
$150. and up per week; k laundry free. Call
after 6 p. m. . . • - - - . \u25a0 \u25a0 ,- > , .
ROOMS TO LET—Pnrn. and Un tarn.
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room; closet;
bath; private; call by 8 p.m. 834 Folsom st.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites ; single ;
transient; baths. . Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
. St.. \u25a0 near Fourth. , -' \u25a0':\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
GEARY, 405, The Navarre-^Elegantly furnished
1 suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very deslrable :
handsomely furnished suites; modern conven-
; iences; .everything new; prices moderate.
GEARY,, 1137— Modern suite, and sunny -room*;
'• newly furnished. '. \u25a0 .
HAIGHT, : 632— Large, sunny/well furnished
room; modern; running water; '.gas; bath. .
HARRISON* .7$4tf, near Fourth— Finely fur r
nished rooms; bath ; ' all latest convent-'
ences; homelike; $1 week up. • \. .-. ": .\u25a0
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new bulld-
: Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly- first-class;
v- EOc per day and Upward; special rates by the'
, week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.. ' •
JONES, . 919 A — Nicely furnished, sunny, .room; 1
private family; for gentleman.
MISSION, 930^4 (Laurel House)— Rooms to let;
locked door; .no transient. .
NEW. ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st. "
O'FARRELL,.: 20— Sunny furnished- rooms- and:
offices^ elevator; elec. lights;- day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 537— Front- room suitable for one
\u25a0 or two gentlemen with private family.
POWELL, 239 (Edinburgh)— Sunny rms,: single,
suites;, on Union -Square;- reasonable: Tel. ;
ROYAL House. "126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
' reaJlng-room, smoking-room 'and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night,- 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., \
near- Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ...
SUTTER, 309— Nicely' furnished ' sunny : \u25a0 rooms
\u25a0 cheap; also housekeeping. *
TAYLOR, 810 — Sunny room 'for gentleman ; $10. .
TURK,, 543— Bright sunny room, grate, gas and
bath, $2-25 per -week; -private. - - .' \u25a0
TWO sunny rms. handsome; private residence;
gentlemen; central.' M.. box 1371, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at * 109S
'Valencia st.
ROOMS A#D BOARD:
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable -in price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Et., near Leavenworth. : .
HARRISON, 570— Rlncon Hill for genteel peo-
ple; $3 50, $4,. $5; housekeeping rooms at mod-
erate prices; room only $4. month to $12; write
or call for particulars. .......
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness ave,
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter St.— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. ' "
SUNNY front parlor suite, with good board for
4, in private family; $18; telephone. 516 Jonea.
HOTEL Repelier, 7SI Sutter— Newly, furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, €05 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. -suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3316— Nicely furnished rooms
without or without board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stfevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3'
-. rooms, bath: board optional; single rooms. — ;
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A housekeeping room; within 10,
minutes' walk of Kearny ; north of Market;.
1 respectable house; permanent; state terms; a
. • Japanese couple. Box 1340, Call office.-
WANTED— 3 modern unfurnished rooms, suit-,
able for light housekeeping, by small family.
Address- Vegetarian. 14S2 Market st.
2 OR 3 furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren; state, rent" Box 1404. Call office.
«ijnrrr<T2. %A.\ix.4nn s».
"unKTjtK's 1ZXZPTVK& si Anita f:ii;m, ijos |
.; itfwlTttt! tifitment *r*e; 418ft paid i<v.-..» ) u5 s ».tru»»
j r\t yoe'das our new douMe lever rupture holder."
I •' ' ., . ' ~~ — ; '. \u25a0 ,. \u25a0 \u25a0 =
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected tor $4; collections made;
t city or country. PACIFIC - COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. -6580,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in - the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING JUCHI\ES . A.\U SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915- Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-'
, pairing; lowest rates.Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
, pairing ;lowest rates; phone Mint 43. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
of nee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 M!»-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 94L . F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage arid Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.'
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
. tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates. , - .-
to . lease:. ~^~
CORNER~lot, "13776x137:6 f eetTsErcorner Beach
and Taylor sts.. North Beach,- near seawall.'.
Apply owner, 310 Ellis st. • . < .
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter:
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.,
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection* Co.— Expert
• typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.'.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. t
TO the shareholders of the Ind.' Red' Men's
- Hall Assn.— At the last regular meeting I of
the. board of directors of the Independent
Red Men's Hali Assn.. a dividend of 25c per x
share was' declared, payable on Friday even-'
Ing, October 25, at 8 o'clock, in Red Men's
. Hall, BIO Bush St. . .
C. O. BOLSDORFF, President. '
•• B. A. SAMM ANN, Secretary. ..
MARRIAGE -LICENSES.
The 'following- marriage licenses were issued
-yesterday:
George F. Brown, 26, Westley, Cal., and Ora
B. Cowell, 21, Westley, Cal. .-.>.
Martin H. Tletjen, 29, . Crockett. Cal., and
Emma L. Buehler, 32, city. . \u25a0
Arthur B. C. Anderson, 32, . Stockton, Cal.,'
and Daisy- 1. -Latlmer. 25, Sunol, Cal. •
Arthur E. Scott, 31, San Rafael, Cal., and
Mamie Petsch, 26, city. .' • .
'\u25a0 Antonfo Geppi, j 24,' 2120 Mason ! street, and
Anna Degregorlo, 16, 815 Montgomery street., \u25a0
Daniel E. Hopkins, 28, 2 Hodges alley, and
Fell Ramirez, 19, 2 Hodges alley.
Gerhard Boese, 51,' 124 Eugenia itreet, >and
Johanna Duhrkoon, 50, Portland, Or. . -
. Gui«eppe Ferro, 29, 504 Union street, and
Giovanna Masoero, 20, 1413 Dupqnt street.
V BIBTHS— MARBIABES-:DEATH&
Birth, marrlaee , and • death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at, either of the .publication: offices, and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published, j
BORN. ;
In this city,' October 7, 190i; to tha
) wife 'of Frederick Mysing, a son. • >
:.v>:0'^' . ' married, y :*;'; ;:.-\u25a0-
CREBA— SCHLEEP— In~- this city, October ': 22,
;..190L by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
of the Central ' Methodist Episcopal Church,
2 Edwin Creba of this city and Lucille Schleep
'•. of Hanford, Cal. : " , .. ' . « U
DREYFUS— BERNARD— In . this city, October.
23, 1901, by the Rev. A. B.J. Brown, Henry;
S Dreyfus, cousin of. Captain Dreyfus, and Miss.
\u25a0. Flora Benard of Paris: '.•-'• \u25a0 -;.'; : - \u25a0 ,
.WHlTE-^-SCHUMACHER— In 1 this city, \u25a0. Octo-
- ber 22, . 1901, : by the Rev. \u25a0 Dr. E. Nelander, ,
'; pafetor of the First English Lutheran Chur.ch,-
- Charles O. -White and Ida E. Schumacher, '
; both p« this city. •-.-••\u25a0 -,.•.....-
______ „ died.''" -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;\u25a0'-;;\u25a0•\u25a0 ./\u25a0-
•yAdams," John Joseph Lynch, Hanna ' •-,
•< Blllingsv.f O. J. , . Mendell, Morrla-.v.'.-r:
,' BJorkqulst, Ro_le . D. Murray, • Edwin J. .;
•' Bode, May . . •\u25a0— Norton, ' Claire i ,\u25a0 \u25a0-:
'£'.• Brarel,. . Jcaeph -P. -^ Pumphrey, Milton G.
/•Bredersen, Minnio ..Rothschild,. Dolly- R."
, : Brooki, Lionel ' ' :' . SammJ, August - C.
'• Dunlevy, v ; Nellie ' M. Stack, John-
Graves, John • M. Tannian, Michael T.
: Kemp,-, John., JW. \u25a0 . - " : . -
ADAMsAliii this 'city, October 24, 1901,' at : the
. residence, \ 320 Laldley street, : John • Joseph, ,
_MO?VEY fTO LOAJt — Conttniic J.
!^IGI1]^T r*spt ct * bl « Private place to obtain
liberal advanj* 8 on Qiajnonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Ba| dwln Jewelry Store. 846 Market
et.; i*l. Male/ * M *- Branch 19 Third st.
A MILLION aiV*_ per c* 111 :' smaller amounts &\
6; city or fav° Property; long time; state
amount deslrecV and location of property. P.
O. box 2073. 1 -
MUNICIPAL LoaV* Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phonP Red 1603.
ON reiJ estate. 1st fc^ 2l »d mortsages and on fur-
r.itur? or ;>Lano6 v^Bout removal; any amount;
lowest ratt-s. BtW| r & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
J500,0<K AT € per c>fl| in sums to suit in city;
$150,(00 or. large rW-" e s at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. yRCER & SON. «12 Pine.
CASH loaned to eawrted people on note with-
out Indonser or on \u25a0wrtgages at 6 per cent per
annum. . MORREIJ-^ 6U> Examiner building.
IX)WE:ST rates ton itrniture, etc., by private
part;'; no removal; lp° commlesion; connden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; ? no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest AJ^sy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 117\g Market et., room 68.
LOAXS on pianos, furnituke without removal,
libraries, goods in warehou»e, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby.^fg Montg..offlce 7.
6% on furniture and pianos; $15t>P: no removal;
no cpmrniseion; private. Room^Sl. 6 Eddy st.
-rites, furniture, pianos; po removal; no
iy confidential. Whltehe;»d. 1706 Market.
« X ruhfiitCre, pianos; lowest rafe; no removal;
__«rictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister Bt.
CNE ->er cent on furniture; $5 a\month on each
t!0»0; any security. «302 Montg3jnery «t..;r. 1.
IF yo-i want a home I will loan Ifou money to
A. E. RUDELL, 222 Saiiwme st ' \
THE TOUSLEY Company; ioaii» and dis-
_ ccuats. 321 Parrott building. -, .
LOA^.l money on salary; no lndcrsef; Eastern
rl^Ji. Western Loan Co., S» Phelin bldg.
MOXEY WAXTEB. \
A PARTT desires to borrow $300 for six months
from some private party; good itcurity. Box
!*'->. Call office. '
MUSICAL IXSTUUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our pUno stock,
both new and second hand, ls the largest
«r«M of Chieaco and Includes the most re-
lifct e makers to choose from. l>-'ew planet
fo'.d upon easy payments of $6 per month;
to.T • good pianos for %X, H and $3 per month.
HtKRMAX, CLAY & CO.. Eteinway dealers,.
co'!,er Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fraa-
ti<=<< ; corner Broadway and Thirteenth et..
Oak and. *
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
{?•-:: d-hand sauare uianos from $50 up.
Sec-otd-hand organs from $25 up: new up-
. nr>:: pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& S<~>N. IS to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Ma-
«cm ind Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ALL .ig-hesi grades sold by the Heine Piano
<*.>., pole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
i«an flakes: easj- payments: big allowance for
r-^njjd-hand pianos; rents $2 up allGtved; bar-
„...*\u25a0\u25a0 $25 up; Steinways, J1S5; ClUckerings,
|. ?i:»; o" ethers; agents wanted. 217 Geary at.
A REAL treat 1^ in store for any one who will
tr I. the trouble to call and hear the won-
<i r l4 Simplex piano player as it is exhlbUeu
:r warerooms every day; it is the .*st
.1 the market. THE ZENO MAUi T AIS
IC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY niann told bt us taken back ar.v tls-e
*i>*-'n i year* and fu'l purrh&st price a.'-
i en a r.ew pfprlcs-s Kr.abc *\u2666• tegnUr
i - • ; cost* you only Cjc s. daj to *>uy a
. from t; r. KOHLE R & CHASE. 1»
\u25a0 rr-a rt.: -r-eUtshed .'S50.
A SJtUX Veber vrr'.rM. J "25: elegact walni;!
cti? Vi*Oe uprlfht, almcft new; also St-^k.
•%5«: Hsr.irr in f-cuare. $45; '.rgsns, $25
BOVVERS oc SON. 2J Flfh -!_. IVERS
v <M> and A. IJ. CAMEZ1ON, Agents.
' .- :7 7-crth remembering is this, you get
9£V*a worth when you buy a piano
; _.;j us; we sell the famous Decker & Son
nr.d Bnumeister: cash or payments. ' THE
. T£!.'O MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A " VTitM'S failure to realize on account of
•iriVe has placed two carloads of high-grade
\u2666lar.w tn storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
to *^r prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
•WIJlgON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market et.
PIASjS — The jiiost t.ioaern cjfl u>-to-date;
6tst k. Everett, Conover. • P ackard, Ludwig
Har-iman and many others; wholesale and rt'~
tail The Vri'ey B. A!Vr. Co.. S33 Market St..
'Brar.rh Ftcrf, s;i Croadway, Oakland).
BAKiySOME S-pedai 'upright piano; -used t
• r'.r.j: ss^i""e; lcavUsg city. 602 Eddy St.,
"*" r>i*"o. plenol* and ntnsle or »«.«-.. "Tsat
bag"-"--; rsty gTrtng awty.- ta Q-rrr^-.
~l »<;t:sT« pianos and orga^ for oun-
try *".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0?. 3YRON MA\:ZY. SC8-1S-H Post.'
tXB pane; T-ool for practice; SchaSer
rr^Eltt. sea.-iy r.«-T\ SSS. C17 Geary et.
t"l. i -ii-.J'' ' z:ihers, oi<! end new. H,
MILIjEII. nsJt»r, repttatr; 2 Latham place. !
SO^SIEB, B*on Mauzy" Leeter Hamilton,
*£f'n«in piLnos. 308 Port Bt.
%_ .COOK eccnfl band upright for sale cheap.
\ J^S.^ 1 TZ - i6 McAllister st.
EUCpAIvT pla-i as good as r.ew; standard
\u25a0 *i^e; a gs.cria-se. Hornung'B. 211 McAlllrter.
KEE^FITS. ~a Turk st.", near Market—
i.on:ng r. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
\u25a0J/GAN7 r.<we upright pianos for rent, $3 per
rv . SCOTT-CL'RTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
;."$ PACIFIC et— Handsome store; also 804 Ean-
_ sorns ?t.. nice store. $10 per month.
I<'X)Jt, light, phone; suitable for designer or
\u25a0fcrd writer; to. Inquire 100S Mlsglon St.
' _ OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order- all
Utes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission gt.
PAL3IISTRY.
li JEROME FOSELLI. eclentific palmist. 615
- ±rt° r «t., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
\u25a0::i:RGAARI>. president Et. Germain College
M - ' * aJg '""" X t0 5 ' 70 ° Po8t: P hon e Hyde 2a33.
|! TAMXTBU* AM> UfclCOJtAXOKS.
-"-^- I ; !o5a5?e', 640 GTGTaverrphonTpoIk ltiSi
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
P.OOMS papered $3 up; whitening done. HART-
MAN PAINT CO.. tel. Red 2521. 319 Third et.
PERSOXALS. ~
blankets; hand~made by Indians'-
have not been known to wear out; 8 pounds
to II. pounds; relic hunter?, housekeepers ami
dealers save ir.on«y by seeing these at
SMITH'S CASH STORE, third flo\jr25-*7
Mar net st.. San Francisco.
IXDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. XAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et., larerest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AN elegant line ol remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket et, between Se\-enth and Eighth.
MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologiet— Superfluous hair*
mole*, other facial Flemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. S<3 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
HAND satchels, all shape* all sizes, all colors
all prices, 25c up; lunch baskets 10c ud'-
trunks at money savins prices. Why not
mpply your wants at SMITH'S. 27 Market st. ?
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 00 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med
Co.. 731 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 137l]
ELECTRIC lipht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms-
~ 2.V; t» U 50 per right; $1 50 to $6 per week :
frfree bus and baggage to and from the ferry!
COMFORTS, white cotton filled, 75c, $L $1 25
$] 75. $2 25. You rave money on every pur-
chase at SMITH'S. 27 Market st.
GOOD work and politeness is what you find at
Ledei'er's; hairdreBsing 25c; hair dyeing. G
LEDICBER. 123 Stockton st.
McCAE:E'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 2^3-321, S. F.; teL South SSL
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,»
eilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc; weejfly
paynn'ntB. C. P. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth sC
WHITi: enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or doub'.e, S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. iSiO-1312 Stockton gt.. near Broadway.
A DELI NA PATTrS Beauty Cream! Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
Ktnttthn; ccme and see us. -Bon-Ton, 324 Post.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON*. 11U Sutter st.
A— IF yjurhairls falling or you are bald, call on
Pr.G.K. Moore, 222 O'Farrell; send for circular.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call office.
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec. reedle. Dr. Lula Brooks. Mission & 16th.
PRIVA'.?E detective work; reasonable rates; 10
j-ears' experience. J. B. RAY. 457- Minna «t.
Tr ! " —
jfPANi£H lessons riven by a native Spanish
\ieacher; translations. EU McAllister st.' -:
LACE csurtalns cleaned for 25c per pair and up.
1277 Mission «t.; phone Folsom 2528.
BTOP tljat "cough"— California Lung: Balsam
will do It; all dniEsists; phone Pine 23S6.
beloved son of John • H. fcnd Margaret A.
. Adan:s, a native of San Francisco, aged v 6
months-and 18 days. > : ,. ..- ; . ,-., t . . :
BILLINGS— In this city,' October 22. 1901, O. J.
• Billings,- beloved husband of Mr».'O.J. Bil-
lings, a native of California, aged 23 years.
IC?" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday)/ at 2, o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .\u25a0- \u25a0'<\u25a0--.
BJORKQUIST— in-^thls. city, 23, .1901,
- Rosie D., beloved . wife of O. E. Bjorkquist,
a native of i Litton, British Columbia, aged
: ' 45 years 11 months and. 4 days. • •\u25a0\u25a0-
BODE— In Alameda. October 24, 1901, May, : be-
j loved wife of L. C- Bode, -a native of Iowa,
: aeed'36 years.". .. Z'ii'j ' ' .'•' • .
BRAZEL— In this city, October 24, 1901, Joseph
P.," beloved son of. Patrick and Mary Brazel
•brother- of- Brother John Brazel. S. J.; James
Francis, Edward D.^and Francis Ignatius
• Brazel, a native of San .-Francisco, aged 24
1 years 10 months and 21 days. . . :
(E7"Friends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 280 Fell street, thence to
St. Ignatius Church, where % solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
\u25a0 soul, commencing at 9 o clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -' Please omit flowers.
BRODERSEN— In this city, October 24, 1901
Minnie Brodersen, relict of the late William
. Brodersen, and dearly, beloved mother of
William E. Brodereen and Oscar. R. Jenlgen.
a native of Hessen, Germany, , aged 75 years
10 months and 7 days. :.-,\u25a0 \u25a0
BROOKS— In this city, October 23, 1901, Lionel
Brooks, Civil Service Clerk. U. S. A., a na-
tive of England, aged 56 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock,, from the parlors 1 of
Halsted & Co., 946. Mission street.' Interment
; National Cemetery, Presidio.
DUNLEVY— In this city, October 23, 1901, Nel-
lie M., beloved wife,, of- T. Dunlevy, and
; niece of Michael, Edward and Annie Supple
and cousin of Mrs. M. Moldrup, a native of
San Francisco. . ' : " ' : '
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15* o'clock; \u25a0. from her late
residence, 622V4 Ellis street,' thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral,, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
• soul commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
- Holy Cross Cemetery. - - .. - .' ' . ,'• . ,1
GRAVES— In this city, October 23,- 19:1. John
M. Graves, beloved husband of AJletha Anna
Graves,- and father of George .R. and Dr. J.
H.- Graves, a native of Connecticut,- aged 70
years 4 months' and 6 days.. ' .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ; invited to attend the funeral Sunday,.
\u25a0October '27, at. 1:30 o'clock, from -Druids'
T 'Holl, 413 Sutter street, . where services will
be held under auspices .of the-KJrand Grove
of California, U. A. O. D. . Remains at 1003V6
Valencia street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.. \u25a0 ' '•' './"\u25a0.
KEMP— In thls^city, October 24, -1901, John. W.
Kemp, stepfather of John Matheson, a na-
tive of County Wexford, Ireland, ; aged 68
j years. • \u25a0 • • \u25a0\u25a0.•\u25a0.-.\u25a0;-.\u25a0;•
E?"The' funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor?
of Carew &• English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Members of the Exempt: Fire -Company • are .
respectfully invited to attend.. Interment
Firemen's plat. Laurel Hill Cemetery. .. : '
LYNCH— In this city, October 24, 1901, Hanna
Lynch, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 75 years 5 months and. 23 dayB.
MENDELL— In this city, October 24, - 1901, Mor-
ris, beloved brother of ' M. P. Mendell. A.
Harris Mendell, Dora Mendell, Mrs. Flora'
Neuroan and Mrs. Fritz Rausch, , a native of
Rogasen Colma, Posen, Germany. . . .
MURRAY— In Alameda, October 22, 1901, Ed-
win J. Murray, beloved husband of Maria
Murray, a native of California, aged 46 years
and 3 months. . ' '.
CCTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to \u25a0 attend the funeral to-day
• (Friday), under the auspices of Oak Grove
Lodze No. 215, A. F. and A. M., from Ma-
sonic Hall, corner of Alameda avenue and
Park ' street, at 1:30 o'clock. : Interment
Mount View Cemetery, . Oakland. .
NORTON— In this city, October 23, 1901. Claire,
beloved son of P. H. and Julia A. Norton,
and brother of Gertrude, Julia, Mary, Mar-
. gle, Madeline, John H., Raymond and Willie
Norton, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
\u25a0 years 5 months and 7 days.
C?The funeral will take place to-day
,' (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
• dence, 421 San Bruno avenue, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth streets. Interment
; private, . in Holy Cross Cemetery.
PUMPHREY— In this* city, October' 24, 1901,
Milton G.. beloved, husband of Helen K.
Pumphrey, a native of Ohio, aged 63 years
5 months and .4 days.- A member of Lincoln
Post No. 1, G. A. R. t * :
ROTHSCHILD— In this city, 'October 24, 1901.
Dolly R., beloved wife of Lewjs Rothschild,
motfcer of Burl Rothschild, and sister of Mrs.
i Jennie. p r Shea, a native of San Francisco,"
aged 31 years 4 months and 26 days.
(CT'.Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day. (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of, H. F. Suhr & v Co.,
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
. ' Eighth. Interment private, Mount Olivet
' Cemetery. \u25a0\u25a0__._-, >-' : ,.•\u25a0 . n
•JJXHMI— In this city. October 3. U4J. ; .usust '
<:., belr.ved son of Ht.trry L. hnii Czthsrin* ;
U. -Sammi, 'acA i>ro(h<-r of \u25a0 J :'-.n i£. and t
Henry' C. f?ammi. "a native ot San Fr«n- !
-*-clBco.-nflT!?il 29 year*- 3 «irnt.^j nndrC-dajV"?
tC?Friends nnd acftualnfiCices aie -respect' \
fully invited to at'end thfe fun?rnl- servicei I
to-morrow (Saturday), at ' t'clock. from tha 1
residence of his parents. I'M Thlrt»v'ath street, |
near Mission, thence by electric .«..oral ct.-
from .Fourteenth, and Mission streets. .-Inter-.
. ment private. <\u25a0 \u25a0 • ' \u25a0 . '
STACK— In this city, October 24,' 1901. John/
beloved husband of Susan Stack, • and brother
-of Ned Stack, Mrs. Foley, Mrs. Burns, . Mrs.
J Crosby and the late Mrs. Nelson, a native of
' Ireland, aged 58 years. ''-.-".
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to "attend -the funeral to-morrow
(Saturflay), at. 9:30 o' clock, . from his late
residence,, 1638 Post street, between \u25a0 Laguna
and Buchanan, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment 'Holy
Cross Cemetery." . : v . .
TANNIAN — A requiem mass will be celebrated
j at Sacred Heart Church to-day (Friday), at
8:30 o'clock, for the repose of the soul of the
late Michael Thomas Tannian, who died Oc-
tober is, .1901. .... ... ....; 1 . . .
CARD OF THANKS. .
Mrs. Airnes Dickie and family wish to
thank their friends for the kindness shown
to them during their late bereavement.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan& Gallagher^
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20- Fifth st.; opposite Lincoln School •
Telephone South 80. ,
Mt. Olivet Cemdtery,
Ban Mateo County. j :
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
, J.HENDERSON, Manager. \u25a0
JAMES McGINrL
Formerly with McGinn Bros.. h«js opened '
new Funeral Parlors at 214 EddV st bet
Taylor and Jonea. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
-27 and 29 Fifth st : Tel. South 167. I
FONERAL DIBECT0B3 AND EHBALMEB3. I
I
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS I
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M J"
McBrearty, with the. same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late With J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission. street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ; \u25a0..-.\u25a0- ..
XiREMATldN.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
; . . Point Lo how ave.. S.F., Cal.
4 The -ordinance " prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day o( August 1901
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there la
nothing less harmful to the living: than the
ashes of their dead. . . ..
- Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore • \u25a0•
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.Guided by such consider
ations the undersigned have
come to the conclusion that
the bent aid to honest, clean
and efficient public service
can be given. by the election
of Hon. Joseph S. Tobin as
Mayor and that of his asso
ciates to the other munici
pal departments.
For .that purpose a mass
meeting for you, fellow-cit
liens, has been arranged for
next AVednenday, the 3Oth of
October, nt Metropolitan
Temple, and we express the
hope' that all independent,
liberal-minded and patriotic
citizens of, our tongue will
aid "in the success of . the!
demonstration for Tobin' and
clean KoiernmeiU. It is not
party that calls you; it is the
call of civic duty.
CHARLES A. 3INKAND.
OSCAR HOCKS.
EMIL POHH.
WILLIAM T. HESS.
H. HESTAHL.
AUG. HAXSEN.
AL G. WIELAND. A
H. M. WREDEX.
"\V. J. J. MUHL. J
DR. FR. KUCKEIX.
ROBERT CAPELLE.
. HEXRY EIKHOFF.
H. VON KOXSKY.
DR. THEO RETHERS.
Fellow Citizens 1 A grrave
crisis is at hand in the mu
nicipal affairs of San Fran
cisco, the diinsrers of which
must be averted on the coin
ing: 'election day. Upon you
rests the -responsibility
whether or not this deter
mination shall ' redound to
the best interests of our
commonwealth.
The administration of .our
c **y Sorernment, which, dor-
Jug the past two years has
worked with a remarkable
improvement in our public
household, In striking: con
trast to the conditions pre
vailing: in former periods of
our municipal history, ap
peals- Mtroiigrly to the civic
intelligence . of every tax
paying: voter, irrespective of
party. it Inspire* the hope
and desire that our cit>' a«
fnlrs may receive the same
intelligent' and, progressive
consideration in the future,
based upon the fundamental
principles of the charter and
that they may never again
he diverted into the worn
out channels of corruption
and bossism. From this
point of view the demands
of party lose their binding
force and the voter should
be actuated by only one de
sire to contribute his share
to the fullest realization of
the beneficial results flow
ing: front clean government.
To the German-Hpealvlngr
voters of San Francisco, ir
respective of party affilia
tion: • . \u25a0...-. '.•.\u25a0\u25a0
CALL ISSUED
FOR A GERMAN
MASS-MEETING
' Every original package of Jesse Moore Whis
key is sruaranteed absolutely pure by Jerse
Moore Hunt Co.* ' • . p \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
The. friends of A. B. Mahoney. the Re
publican nominee for. County Clerk resid
Ing in the Thirty-seventh Assembly Dls
trict. organized a club to further his In
terests in that district last night. Colono]
Thomas O'Neill was.elected chairman and
Robert Fitzgerald secretary. Headnuar
ters have been engaged at the corner of
Page, and Devisadero streets. -
Mahoney Club Organized.
The same speakers appeared laler at a
meeting of the Brotherhood of Teamsters
in tho Turk street temple. There was a
good sized crowd present and every. point
made against the Employers' Association
and each reference to the strike, which
Schmitz said would be impossible under
a Labor regime, were listened to with
.rapture. A brief address to the Garment
Workers in the Alcazar building com
pleted Schmitz's campaigning for the
night. • . , . .
Schmitz was billed to talk at Power's
Hall, at Turk and Pierce streets and at
P^xley Hall, at Polk and Pacific" streets
but in his absence addresses were mario
by J.F. McEntee. John Murphy -It w
Roberts and G. W. Getchell. Little en
thusiasm was manifested. ,
At Washington Square Hall the Italian
colony, including the usual .large, per
centage of youthful card-seekers, was in
evidence when Schmitz arrived. A gentle
man by the name of Alberara abused the
employing classes to the evident delight
of his hearers in choice Italian.' He in
formed the 'scavengers present that
Schmitz thought" as much of them as : he
did of himself, whereupon 'a- number of
lads whistledliercely. "When Schmitz took
the stand there -was a slight demonstra
tion and when the , murmur died away
Schmitz retailed his stale jokes about
Tobin's polo pony and told of his own
love' for the downtrodden workingman.
The Schmltzian humor was appreciated
by the audience through the aid I of in
terpreters, who led the applause at the
proper , moments. Among the leaders in
the demonstrations of applause was A. B
Treadwell, the ex-Police Judge, who, hav
ing been turned down" by Martin, Kelly
has cast his piratical junk upon the sea
of Labor politics in search of prizes.
The next place visited by Schmitz - and
his orators was B'nai B'rith Hall, where
a meeting of the. Coopers' Union was in
progress. The meeting was very light,
but the Schmitzlan voice did not rest on
that account. Other speakers were J F
McEntee and G.'.W. Getchell, nominees'
for Supervisors. - - .- \u25a0 ...... ,
establish the public confidence in any
cause the Schmitz voice is- becoming
husky and refuses to respond to the will
that manipulates the Schmitz giad hand
at all Union Labor gatherings.
Mr. Schmitz was scheduled to address
six audiences last night, but' when four
speeches had been delivered the Labor
standard-bearer decided to call it off. In
this respect he followed the example of
many of his hearers who, after listening
to the voice, sadly retired from the arenas
in which Schmitz was doing his oratorical
turns. " • . \u25a0 •
t^iat enthusiasm which is so necessary: to
Not only Is Eugene E. Schmitz, the La
bor candidate for Mayor, losing ground In
the campaign, but he is losing his voice
as well. Under the strain of shouting at
small meetings in an endeavor to excite
Shouting in Empty Halls Tires Labor
Union Candidate.
SCHMITZ' VOICE FAILING.
"It ls all on account of the Government
being behind in paying its bills," said Wil
liam T. Murphy, proprietor of the Fulton
Stables. 246 Second street, yesterday as
he was sorrowfully following a Humane
Society officer to the Hall of Justice to
pay damages for allowing injured. horses
to be driven from his stables.
Murphy has a contract for furnishing
horses for the mall wagons, and although
he believes his debts' are good, money
which should have been forthcoming more
than a month ago is still prospective. He
states that if he had been paid- on time
one horse would have not gone lame and
the sore on the shoulder of the other
would have been healed long ago. As the
case now stands, he will probably have to
pay a $10 fine.
Secretary , Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of. Cruelty to Animals
heard that Murphy was using horses
which were net in,, a fit condition to be.
driven. Officers McCurrie and Hooper
were at once sent down to make an in
vestigation. Hooper arrived at the stables
in time to see a horse going down the
road on three legs and drawing a mail
wagon. He at once interfered and the
animal was returned to the. stables.
At the Southern Pacific depot at the
corner of Third and Townsend streets Mc-
Currie captured another horse which had
a bad sore on Its shoulder.
When the haul, which included Murphy,
had been rounded up at the stables, the
proprietor explained that the Government
was responsible. It seemed Impracticable
to the Officers to arrest the Government,
so they took Jturphy away with them and
he was immediately . released on bail.
Postmaster Montague was informed of the
occurrence and gave the contractor an in
teresting half hour, in which valuable ad
vice played a prominent part.
Engrossed Resolutions.
•There is on.exhibition In the show win
dow of S. K. Wood & Co.. on Market '
fu£V* a f et , Of engrossed reso
v?Sh,6 eplO w n i? The death of President Mc
?ir£? V ia Ch ?' ere ad °Pted by James A.
2?n d * P ° Pt of the G - A - K- «aS which
will be forwarded to airs. McKinley.
«£ X F G ? L F D CTCARS SEIZED.-Customs In-'
epector Sackett seized 847 smuggled clears v«
terday stowed a-R-ay under a Ilss altff in^o"
forecastle of the steamship City of Peking
United Workmen Hold Celebration.
HAN FORD. Oct.' 24.— At the fair being
held here the Ancient Order of United
Workmen had their celebration to-day
There was a very large attendance. Ad
dresses were made by Past Grand Master
Charles E. Snook of San Francisco and
Duncan McPherson of Santa Cruz
•\u2666Tr?? committee agreed that under the
stipulation made Mooser when his
salary was Increased he should have re
signed the plans for the new Emergency
£n! Pita kf Or Whi f h Tharp had Presented
al f"i* T 116 «raPl°yn»ent of an outside
arewtect was not countenanced by the
committee and if it can be shown that
the work should have been performed by
Mooser that official may have to foot the
alLo Of^ hls own P°<*et. Mooser will
?££? r t £ *\u25a0 tbe Eext mee «ns of the Finance
Committee to explain the reason for
Tharp s employment. !
Supervisory Hotaling and Jennings
premptly rejected the demands on the
ground that the work properly devolved
upon the City Architect. Jennings stated
that Mooser' s salary was raised in the
last tuflget from S100 to J250. with the dis
tipct understandins that he was to per
7^*- -u .j.^^»»i*«.^>f- «« architect in the
Sfffl! pre .P a^ n S P^ns for small public
duties beEldes P erf orming his other
City Architect Mooser will be called
upon by the Board of Supervisors to ex
plain why outside architects are employed
by the Board of Public Works to prepare
plans for minor public buildings. At yes
terday's meeting of the Finance Commit
tee two demands, amounting to $305, were
presented by Newton J. Tharp. One for
$205 was for professional services in de
signing the new Park Emergency Hos
pital, this sum being 2Vi per cent of the
estimated cost, and the other of $100 was
for professional services rendered ' in
treasuring and designing the proposed al
terations to the park lod^e.
Supervisors Deny Out
side Fee for Hos
pital Plans.
Contractor Gives Reason
for Injuries to
Horses.
CITY ARCHITECT
MUST ELUCIDATE
PLACES BLAME
ON GOVERNMENT
THE CALL'S prediction that j the
Liquor, Dealers' Association would
not • indorse any candidate ' was
verified yesterday. 'The assocla
.tion met at B'nai B'rith Hall and
knocked the life out of Revenue Collector
Lynch's scheme to procure the indorse
ment of Asa R. Wells and ten of the Re
publican nominees for Supervisors. Five
hundred f liquor \u25a0. dealers attended- the
meecing. They were in session four or
'five hours. Expressions ( of- individual
preference were freely given. Wells never
had the shadow of a chance in the contest
for approval. If there had been a vote on
the main proposition either Tobin .or
Schmitz would have developed the great
est strength, as mention of their names
was enthusiastically cheered. The liquor
dealers are now free to support the men
of their choice as they are released from
all political obligation to the association,
so l'dr as this campaign is concerned.
The directors of the association were
\u25a0 authorized at a meeting held early this
month to suggest a ticket for Indorsement
and according to the authority, conferred
made up a list of candidates to be sup
ported by the members. Jesse Marks was
one of the directors on the committee and
it is supposed that he got tips from Wells,
John Lynch, Max Goldberg and Jere
Burke. While the members yesterday
afternoon were in no wise inclined to
adopt the committee's recommendation
they yielded to a pressure of curiosity and
listened to the names sugegsted for-in
dorsement. • .
Indorsed by the Liquor Men. :.
Here is the ticket for Supervisors recom
mended:
Bent (R.), Wilkins (R.), Alpers (R.). Bock
(D.), Beamish (R.). Stanyan (R.), D"Anoona
(D.), Eggers (R.). Ahearn (R.). Lynch (Labor),
McCarthy (D.). Boxton (R.), Connor (D.),
Stafford (D.), Nylan (R.), "Wasson (D.), Booth
(D.), Lilienfeld (R.).
In the light of the above suggestion one
can easily indicate the Republican nomi
nees who were slated for slaughter. They
were Collins, George, Offermann, Sander
son, Wilson, Cobb, Frankenthal and Me-
Williams. These candidates, who were
put on the black list as unworthy of sup
port, may reasonably ask Wells and Gold
berg why they were turned down.
W. H. Cobb is having a rough ' deal.
While he is giving days and nights to the
management of "Wells' hopeless campaign
and encountering such snares as only
peddlers spread - for his undoing,, Max
Goldberg, Jesse Marks and others in the
confidence of Wells are putting him on the
liquor dealers' black list. If the story be
true that Cobb advised the payment by
Wells of $50 for the indorsement of the
mythical Peddlers' Union the candidate
for Supervisor ought to have a guardian.
The story seems to have all the marks of
truth. Wells and Cobb went in a coupe
to secure the plaudits of the peddlers, but
there were no peddlers. The union con
sists of one man, who was enterprising
enough to secure $50 from the Wells cam
paign fund. ,
Great Mass Meeting To-Night.
The campaign signs point to the elec
tion of Joseph S. Tobin. Business men,
property-owners and other citizens are
cutting loose from party affiliations and
expressing their intention to vote for the
man who will give to San Francisco the
best government. Politicians estimate
that 60,000 votes will be cast on Novem
ber 5. and if Tobln's vote for Mayor ap
proximates his vote for Supervisor t^o
years ago he will be elected by a hand
some, majority. \u25a0 - i
The mass-meeting to be held this eveni
ing-in, Metropolitan: Hall will be the most
important demonstration of the present
municipal campaign. The meeting has
been called in the interests of clean, hon
est city government and for the purpose
of. laying before the citizens of San
Francisco the present political situation.
No candidates for office will address the
meeting. - /
Ex-Governor James H. Budd will pre
side. • D. M. Delmas will deliver an ad
dress, which, In view ot the present con
dition of local affairs, promises to surpass
any of his long array of brilliant orations.
John H. Marble of the- Typographical
Union will also discuss the situation.
There will be other distinguished speak
ers, and as the hall will be taxed to its
full capacity it will be advisable for the
audience to make a point of "getting there
before 8 o'clock. -
It Is announced that Asa R. Wells will
attend a meeting at Garibaldi Hall this
evening and be permitted to speak. In
view of his experience last night he will
doubtless send out scouts in advance to
ascertain If there Is an audience in sight.
Tobin Develops Strength as -the } Campaign Progresses and Wins
Public Favor by Manly^Talks to Citizens in- the Several Districts.
. D. JVl. Delmas Will ; Speak to; the People This Evening
LIQUOR DEALERS HOLD A LONG
SESSION AND DECI DE AGAINST
INDORSEMENT OF CANDIDATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1901.
Bullet Flattened '. Against His Purse.
A purse containing, silver coin saved the
' Dr. C.rC. O'Donnell is still in the fight
for- Mayor and Till certainly/ win! Be
sure to: vote. for him by writing his' name
with a cross at the, head of the Independ
ent'column for Mayor. : \u25a0' . - •
Pedro Para and Francis Iojo, Chileans
quarreled about : a woman in Hincklev
alley last night 1 and Para stabbed loir. iJi
the back and cut hjm ' over .\u25a0 the eye Th«»
knife- wielder was arrested on a c'har^P
of assault to , commit murder \u25a0'\u25a0 and Toin
was treated at -the Harbor Emereencv
Hospital. His wounds are not fatal
Stabs His ; Rival.
A club formed in the interests of Fred
Eggers. Republican i candidate 'for Super
visor, was organized ' at Armory Hall,
Page and Gough streets, last night. One
hundred, and fifty-six members signed the
roll, every district being represented. :Tlio
meeting was called to . order by Thomas
C. Wilson, who stated ' the objects of the
club. - Augustus. Tilden was elected chair
man and empowered to appoint an execu
tive committee \u25a0, to institute a vigorous
campaign in every district. J. /W. Tamm
was elected ..secretary' and treasurer.
Speeches were, made by A. S. Church, 0;
C. Pratt,. Joseph Sheerer, J. C. Stevens
and others. The club adjourned to : the
call of the chair. .-; .-, - ; ;
Eggers . Club Formed.
A Joseph S. Tobln League. was formed
last evening at Harmony Hall, in the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District. The fol
lowing officers were elected: it
President, Charles D. South; vice presi
dent, L.'J. Welsh; secretary, Thomas F.
Alford; treasurer, D. Barry; sergeants-at
arms, Michael Martin and James Healy;
executive committee, Dr. William McCar
thy, J. P. Hare,; Steve V. Costello, James
O'Connor, William; Hynes, Harry Smith
and P. S. HigKins. *\u25a0*>> \u25a0
One hundred - and- forty-five members
signed the roll. •: •" .'. \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0 ?\u25a0-,•
Thirty-Fourth District Organizes for
Mayoralty .\u25a0 Candidate.
TOBIN LEAGUE FOBMED.
The allegation is made also that the
passage by the Supervisors of the ordi
nance cutting down the water rates de
preciated the quoted market value of the
shares from the normal of $97 to $83 and
$86. representing the usual range of fluc
tuation, thereby causing a loss to the
stockholders of $1,842,000 in the market
value of the shares.'.. It is set" forth that
the owners of the stock are entitled io
an, income of 6 per .cent per annum -upon
the par value of the stock, and that 7 per
cent per annum would be a fair remuner
ation in the premises.
It Is alleged that the ordinance of April
1, 1901, is unreasonable and was adopted
in an, illegal . manner; that section 1 of
article .XIV -of the constitution of tlv,
State of California is void; that- the ordi
nance is in violation % of the constitution
of the United States. because* it denies to
the \u25a0 complainant 'the equal protection . of
the laws, and that- it attempts to deprive
the plaintiff of. property iwithout -due pro
cess of law and to .take away private
property of the " complainant for public
use without just compensation.
The. court is asked to' restrain the de
fendant from enforcing . the ordinance
pending the judicial determination of the
matter. " *
i? h< ! \u25a0£°22P lalnt J ls P rlnt ed and contains
about 25,000 words. .
The amended complaint sets forth that
the works, right of way, lands, pipes, Im
provements and other property of the cor
poration are of a value largely in excess
of $35,000,000; that the_ aggregate. Interest
bearing Indebtedness secured by mortgage
is ' $13,075,000; that the interest necessary
to be paid during the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1902, will amount In the aggre
gate to not less than $640,000; that the
operating expenses for the same period
will aggregate $450,000, and that the taxes
will : amount to $250,000. The complaint
gives the value of capital stock Issued as
$14,000,000, divided into 140,000 shares, each
of the. par value of $100, all of which is
owned by more than 1800 shareholders. •
By stipulation of counsel on both sides
the Spring Valley Water Company filed
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court an amended complaint, substitut
ing it for the- original one filed several
months ago against the city to prevent
the enforcement of the ordinance reduc
ing water rates and adopted several
months ago.
Alleges That the Water
Rafte Ordinance Is
Invalid.
SPRING VALLEY
FILES NEW PLEA
life of Matthew S. Croll, a machinist
working for the Risdon Iron Works, last
night. James Henry fired two shots from
a Pjfto 1 £ at CroU in Mrs. Kefte>,*»
boarding-house in the Potrero. Th<**
1??° ?? en have had trouble ovet
the strike. Their disagreement culminatf,
ed In the shooting affray. Henry pullefl
his. pistol and fired pointblank at Croll.
1 he first shot struck a purse In Croll's
pocket. It flattened against some silver
coin The second bullet went through
Croll s coat without inflicting any damage.
JttS *? P ? f J&? shootl ns attracted the
attention of Officer James Fay, who
Placed Henry under arrest on the charge
der an assault wltli lnten * to commit mur-
tt 1 £ J £^CTI0N AGAINST BARK CUTTERS
United States Circuit Judge Morrow toaued
M^ r1t n f •"•» u i nc " on y*»terday against Pearle?
Maxwell. F. A. McKee and The Needle Rock
Company to restrain them from removln&sno
ti 0 on S »?V a V a £ *•* •*»»» the shipping sta
tion at Needle Rock. Mendocino County. The
e^ r nVe!ftV.nVEr. tO SMS®*"
vention committed an error which is
causing the Republican nominees consid
erable discomfiture. The mistake opens
the way for the nominees on the Demo
cratic orj Union Labor party to contest
the election of every Republican whom
the'peopli may choose at the coming elec
tion. ".' ; .
Section 1187 of the Political Code re
quires that the certificate of nomination
shall be signed by the secretary and
chairman of the convention and that the
secretary and qhairman shall make oath,
before ar officer authorized to administer
the samel that the matter stated in such
certificate is true to the best of their
knowledge and belief, and that. a certifi
cate of the oath shall be annexed to the
certificate of nomination. Chairman Rior
dan was evidently so absorbed in. contem
plating the emoluments which would ac
crue to him as attorney for the Public
Administrator's office that he neglected
to comply with this provision of the Po
litical Code.
Chairman RIordan and Secretary Daggett
merely affixed their signatures to the cer
tificate of nomination without taking the
trouble to swear to the truth" of the mat
ter contained in the document.-.
Failure to have the certificate of nomi
nation properly sworn to is not the only
irregularity which will jeopardize the Re
publican nominees' claim to office to
which they may possibly be elected. The
Political Code requires that- the conven
tion shall appoint a committee to fill all
vacancies on the ticket. No such commit
tee was > appointed and in consequence,
when two nominees for Supervisors re
signed from the ; ticket, the Republican
County Committee named Joseph S. Ny
land and Frederick J. McWllliams to fill
the vacancies. The nomination of these
gentlemen is so irregular, and so flagrant
a violation of the code that it is extremely
doubtful in case of their election. If the
court will permit them to hold office.
IN filing the certificate of nomination
witW the Registrar, Thomas D. 'Rior
dan.j chairman, and A. K. Daggett,
secretary, of the late Republican con-
A - Democratic picnic and barbecue will
be' given' Sunday at Glen 'Park. Everv
thinsr will be free and all the candidates
on the Democmtlc ticket will be present
The barbecue will commence at 12 o'clock
Free Democratic Barbecue
So much to heart has Manager Cobh
taken the latest swindle of his candidate
for Mayor that he is seriously consider
ing the advisability of asking for police
assistance In the discharge of his duty a
guardian. • Across Market, street, at the
other committee's headquarters there is
agitation In favor of appointing a guard
ian for Cobb. .
It now appears that Wells was crueliv
deceived and that "Spuds" Burke was th^
same party who approached all the cand;.
dates on the Democratic. Union 'Labor
and Republican tickets with an offer n
sell the votes of the Peddlers' Union for
the small consideration of $50. All B av»
Wells refused to listen. SJUe
After almost a week's rest, taken to re
cover from the effects of his oratorical
efforts last Saturday night at Metropoli
tan Temple, Asa R. Wells girded on his
armor last night and started out on a de
termined hunt for votes. The Republican
candidate .for a time was truly roused
from his lethargy. He had bright visions
of whole blocks of votes that were to be
galne A, by . his mer , el y showing himself at
a peddlers' meeting in the vicinity of
Folsom street, between Fourth and Fifth
In fact, he had been promised by one
Thomas Burke, better known as "Spuds'*
Burke, that the Peddlers' Union was de
sircus of supporting him and that to train
KSfi.'" 1 but '° sh °" &SS
stand, where he inquired the whereabouts
or the Peddlers' Union meeting hall
When he was told that no. one knew
where the hall was he requested that }Z
be. conveyed to the headquarters in order
to secure jiis manager. Cobb.. When Cobb
was secured, the hackman was instructed
to drive to Folsom street, between Fourth
and Fifth No meeting was in sight when
the Republican candidate reached Fol
som street, so up anu cown that thorl
oughfare he and his* manager rode look
ing longingly for the derelict peddler vo
ters. But. alas, they were nowhere to be
found. \u25a0 c
Finally, after almost an hour had been
consumed in the vain search on Folsom
street, the candidate' and his guardian
were carried to the vicinity, of Sixth an
Shipley streets, where a monster Tobln
ratification meeting was in progress
.At once the, face of the Republican can
didate orightened. Tha gladsome shouts
of the peddlers were already ringing in
his ears. He could hear the tumultuous
stamping of the feet and resounding clan!
ping of ihe palms. But al! this brich*
vision was destined to fade away likl ••
mirage before the sight of a wearv trav
eler. Not until he had descended fror^
his hack and entered the hall did he m?
cover his mistake, and then the ReDubii
can candidate betook himself silentlv an.i
softly away. . : - J uu
Candidate Wells Strives After Mythi
cal Block of Peddlers' Votes'..
BUNKOED BY "SPUDS" BURKE.
' y^ S I the campaign grows older and
/A warmer and the day of election
/ ES =A draws nearer the cause of Jo-
A-l\ seph S. Tobln increases in popu
- -larity. His frank declaration for
amnn^ *,? Ve , rnment wlns hlm "'Mend*
f^K S i a11 Classes - • Hls strl ct adherence
° B ' he ls sues of the campaign and avoid
amLv, anythIn& ln th e shape of person
a ities has won for him the admiration of
rnL^Hv erS '^ nd hIs straightforward, bus
lr»f «^ addresses have Aspired a gen
eral confldence 5n his ability to. administer
the affairs .of office of chief executive.
_He spoke to the voters of four Assem
bly districts last. night, and in every meet
ing found encouragement for the princl
pies he is championing and overwhelming
indications of me successful issue of his
campaign. . .
•A^, S + ? rS^' meetln8r ' at the San- Francisco
Athletic Club Sixth and Shipley streets
was particularly insniring. Tne large hali
Sf thP°?hfr d t- W^ h^ e representative men
tL rti«t i I rt^ $ \u25a0 Dlst "cc. - Old-timers in
£n?h» i m' de =} are that it was the most
that hall Vr^^fi meetln 5 ev er held i:.
«UhL« f \u2666», r< l m the mome nt the last
rt?ri»t e . B f **? Chee £? that the can-
HiHth-rt w a 5 ayo , r died aw^y until he had
finished ,his trank speech there was no in
terruption save of applause, and when ho
had nnished Joseph a. Tobin had added
1 ful1 t0 * he thousands of
foe^s •; he |has .made during his cam
- For Honest Government. < . .
He said in part:
rJhi^ \u25a0SS? paI , gn - a3 lt P^eeds. is getting
rather warm in spots. I endeavored- tor my
Pa". to conduct It on a high plane? I have
°°' h ' n f n 4 ° sa y Personally about the men op-
Th P v wii me »i™ Nothi u S now " Nothing hereafter,
iney will always have my respect -My Der
camnL7'n ge^ lemen - is not *n P issue In ?hls
thmw 1? V ( D ° not allow my opponents . to
you Is t ln h y « U V y K es - \u25a0 l do not stand before
?^ Joseph S Tobln. I stand for honesty
o ve ™ment, -low taxation,- efficient dis
?iSI?% of pi i bUc duty and am not t0 be drawn
2??nf h ™ e 1SSUCS b J which may be
Lu^- Ver % On i A] l y - l feel mvs elf not one
whit better and I hope, no worse, than any
?hiJ?£ £ la .. n .5 ere ' and J de cline to discuss any
of Sf n S- . '• we lf^? ot the clt y and county
nn.ln Fjancisco "This is not a political cam
polfucs . Munlclpal sovernment is business, not
The candidate discussed the Geary
street _ franchise, referred to the corpora
tion shackles with which the Republican
nominees were burdened and pledged his
allegiance to that part of -the charter re
g » dln / the ac <3 u lsition of public utilities.
AtHarmony Hall, on Mission and Erie
streets, a Joseph S. Tobin Club was formed
£ui 8 * 1 , am ong the voters of the
X 1 k£" w urth dlstrlct -' -If was .this club
that Tobin next addressed. In the course
of a short speech, in which he outlined
his right he* safd" whIch he was making
If elected I shall discharge faithfully my
duties as executive officer. I propose to 8 ta™d
as the representative of the common people of
this community. And when I say common
people I do not mean necessarily the poor nor
do I. mean the rich. What I mean is the great
mass that is Interested in clean, honest elevat
ing government. This is the objective point
of the path along which I am now travfl
lng. All my efforts will be directed toward that
end. I will favor no Interests, punish no ene
mies, reward no friends. All I have tried for,
all I aim for Is to do something for the bet
tering and uplifting of municipal j life in San
Francisco.
"The Man of the Hour."
A large gathering from the Thirty
seventh and Thirty-eighth districts greet
ed Tobin at Mowry's Hall, where Chair
man William J. Egan Introduced -him as
\u25a0 .The-Man-of -the Hour." Mr." Tobin said: ;
1 am . entle avorins to make this a straightfor
ward, honest, manly campaign. If It degen
?I?,u S 'J nt ?v, a 1 ythin S t lse U wln n °t be my
JS ii .K th » e at l f the cam P a| K" things may
be said that may hurt deeply the feelings of
the opposing candidate, but these words will
not be uttered by me. My words shall be
addressed to the intelligence of my fellow citi
zens • and not to the satisfaction of the de- !
grading animosity of anybody. The issue of
this campaign is honesty versus dishonesty I
stand here representing no party, no person
ality, no sect. I stand for good citizenship -
and nothing else. 1
This Is not the lip service of the politician,
gentlemen, but I want you to believe it the
honest speech of a man who means well by
the city of San, Francisco, who owes allegiance
to no one but the citizens of San Francisco.
14
I FRIDAY and SATURDAY I
• ©
• - ®
• \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 . - &
• . -\u25a0 \u25a0 • • @
• \u25a0 . :, \u25a0- \u25a0 . . ®
• \u25a0 [ -/-\u25a0' \ •\u25a0 ©
• r^ \u25a0'\u25a0»:; ..';••
I CDT RATES WAV RFFftW I
0 wu X AVCi.M.L/jf Hill .l^JL/L/X/fT ©
I II WHOLESALE PMCES, !
• - : — - \u25a0 " . •
;• -Vv- ."\u25a0 ; \u25a0 . . ©
1 90 LATEST STYLE TAILOR SUITS |
§ For $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $17.50. g
0 \u25a0 Were $15.00. $17.^0, $20.00, $22.^0. ' %
£ 100 THIS SEASON'S LATEST PRODUCTION IA- S
§ DI^TAILOR SUITS-Eton, Norfolks Go7f and |
1 For $20.00, $22.50, $25.00, $30.00. I
g \u25a0 Were $2^,00, 527*0, $30.00, $^. O0 \u25a0 . / ig
8 % F 5°o R to G oo ANS and * JACKETS ' #i"iil i
• to $20.00. . •
• ; WAY BELOW REGULAR PRICES 2
i TAN »£ E £? EY J ACKET S-all lengths-from '$7.50 to |
• $20.00 — all reduced prices. . o
J 14-INCH RiyER MINK>UR CAPES, silk lined and ruf- \u25a0 •
• fled, $10.00— were $15.60. |
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET | !
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
M I QT P O Got Any Election
Wml Cards/?
/^-^^^5?$w i No election cards, my I fttle chap. but.
. . /^&t^^\. I you can take a view of tjhe qity with a
|j|KgSffls^^V camera we're going to K/ve: It's a cam-
. . wSsPl^^Iran] I cr<1 thar . wl11 take a srorid picture, too.
\ Free with your winter/ su it. your win-.
' Hg!l /S*- X/w* * ei o yerc oat, to-day. \
\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0''-" '\u25a0'"" I -^ £/ v That swell little \ j-rrtr^— ""^
M^vjij & r$f^*j ay and Satu 5.iay at \u25a0 MX^JSw^^S^'t
l if y fk\ III I iV^Vn^ boxss — a
• An ml 1 im u mill p - lait m the back - A suit that -wouw
\ l! '// - ! 1 '/ ' mill ill li sureI y be worth double the money were
• ill I// I I \ I Irflllll. wc Soing to tax you for it: it's, a very
Wl / / 1 / III I/Ill I smart littlA - suit ' ior chaps between the
\\l ' / I 11 // wl \u25a0'/*/ i a S es oi 4 and 10 years. Special Friday
VlBte&fl 1 I «\J Ml ,i and Saturday at . . ,
- ii V — ~*
frits**, „ Smart Winter Suits
\M\lK like the one pictured j^ VN
|yi.L^ opposite, made in tyfi\ K*^A '• \u25a0' ]
*^C_"^S the double-breasted ifr \ ft
Cia^ imjf*' style, broad military Sv/ \ \ -"1/ i
\u25a0' F*»»*l shoulders, every §Zf h, •> y \u25a0 ..-* I -
- \ £/ seam reinforced and IK II! V> _^^. I v v
/ I 7S A : dressy blue cheviots 'V/i MW ll, ' I
J f * as well, suits that \[L | I |
L - , you couldn't touch ,1/W/ l *x/f,/l 1
-"». * ' 'at double the money \Wl 'yMfa I
r lh * • 1 anywhere' else;' 'for \\\l\t, j7%k { \<l
VJx \ ' > n chaps between the \[i/l%rJl>] ' \ \(
!bP Jr years. Special Friday Wb8$J&&!/.
' fl\ u and Saturday at Wmzmrr \u25a0
if "the yoke 1 fc I \%
J^S^^ That smart Win- W//// U// t h ;. , \u25a0') ' '\
2— ij ter Coat you see jlf///// /// \
pictured opposite, in a pretty tan shade, \!///// ' • /// \u25a0' ' • \
yoked in the front, yoked in the back. "\[ll//f /// \\ ' \
You know the. Yoke Coat is the smart '"' nl^ii (m ' " :^w~L-^ : \ J
coat, and. the way we have tailored 'S^Sf *i %
these -coats -^ lea veV nothing: ""wantinsr. fliii M
You can figure safely that your boy ¥mfj8 ' fftjjfw 1
dressed by us for winter will be the best Pt(f ra*( '
dressed boy in town. This smart Yoke /(/<$/ |M| .
Coat, apes 8 to- 16 years, on Friday and /1 iSl A^V^. i.
Saturday will be ' ' &\S\ = . \
*V B I — «iSS^V
ft "- j — ; R
A 11 the handsomest colorings in ; Swcatci^ for
*JJ rr l^t\ 1 L<I\O little chaps are being shown by us to-day. *H
a \u25a0 a. is m Rj ma a / iSwRt^vt.
I Our Winter Catalogue. For your name \ V The Smart Winter Fashions in Hats \
and address we will send it. \ j Are Being Shown by Ui To-Day. \
RAIN COATS FOR BIG AND LITTLE CHAP^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIThffi&L, /
O£ASS£Sw\
'". to the vision is . ifu \ \u25a0 '
the most im- «j \\ A I
portant part of -h \V t \ §
the optical ' \\\ \/ I
business, and . j^1U§«!l % '{SsJ
it requires a KPV
skillful opti- flllg^A/^
cian to fit them ==^ J",
properly. You . '; -^_ \4^.-
take no chances wheri y yoti
come to us, because' we *.<i> I
never fail to fit glasses cor- \u25a0 0
rectly. . . . ' j
BEMEMBEIt OUR NTTMBEB.
217Kearnw5b5.f.
PILES &&i£fss&
so-i.roniui.nt bu.lnn mm*™?™ ' XSKU?
([Regular firidey S^le ' J
£T The special offerings we make for to-day should
I send half the town into this store. The goods are H
H stylish and seasonable, and prices are lower and — quite If
g a bit lower than they will be to-morrow. m
g • See our windows and profit by our regular Friday 9
tt LADIES' KID XACE SHOES— Kid MEN'S VICI KID LACE SHOES— B
i tips, extension soles. They are Double soles, • big: broad toe. Egl
B regularly $2.50 and cheap at that: Everything about it is right ex- S
* on Friday only $2.15 cept the price, that has been cut m
I LADIES' PATENT LEATHER to * ™*»y ™»_^ $2.85 |
I OXFORDS-Perfectly stunning, men-s PATENT LEATHER »
B hand welted, newest toe, exten- lace SHOES— Light soles and H
I fitS 1 pVfif^ a on e^vT^S tS" a dressy shoe for Sun- 1
g into an oxford at $3.50, on Friday day wean On Frlday only.S2.85 H
e> omy q^.oo - fjfi
1 CHILDREN'S ~AND MISSEb' BO^S' PATENT LEATHER LACE H
B CALFSKIN LACE SHOES, with SHOES at a price that you have.H
B extension heavy soles. Yo\i will to pay for ordinary every-day B
h nnd these to look right and to ?£?"• „ «i oa H
R stay together. to c ,7 SA*?X H
U 8^toU 81.15 2&,to5& »a.lO \u25a0
K IH^I * LITTLE BOYS' CALFSKIN LACE H
S CHILD'S RED BUTTON SHOES, SHOES, with quite a heavy and 9
K on a full round toe. extended sole. Your boy will like §3
E§ Sizes 1 to o\? S5C them, for they are made like his «
H Shb to 8, spring heel 31. IO papa's. Sizes 9 to 13^. regular m
tA Regularly $1.00 and $1.25. price $2.00; on Friday only. $1.65 B
H Superior leather and clever shoemaking crown the g
|| .Komfort $3.50 SHOE for men" and women. Sole dis- j|
I KAUTM ANNS »\u25a0& J