' (Continued on Pa** I)
M «V rVA la icfiejendencia! Viva! Viva!
V J Viva!
A revolution In a cup does not
*¦ Bound as big as a tempest In a tea
y Pot, yet eo started the two great
fforth American wars for Independence.
The Boston tea party had its counter
part «oi;th of the Rio Grande In the wine
party cf the Padre Hidalgo, Cura of the
Mission Dolores, between San Luis Potosl
end Guanajuato.
The Pafire Hidalgo «u fond of wine
and loved his quiet smile, for which he.
•who had forsworn the smiles of women,
might well be pardoned. Even this small
consolation for great losa was denied him,
for by the laws cf Spain It was forbidden
the people of Mexico to crush the grapes
¦when they were amber or when they were
purple; not that Spain would enforce tem
perance, but merely that ehe might sell
her own -wine Instead. Green grapes they
znight bruise for vinegar, but nobody
cared for rreen grapei anyway, any
where, any time or kind.
Law or no law. Padre Hidalgo, who' had
none of the smiles of women, would have
those^of the wine. But he had no money
to pay the jtax imposed upon the wine
brought from across the sea, and fore
seeing that cultivation of the vine would
yield much profit and pleasure he planted
a vineyard about the walls of the mission.
Of tb« wine he made from It part was
i^aed for communion and a modest amount
' for his own table.
The Spanish Government was yien eag
erly looking for any method by which
It could put down the- church, and as
the time drew on to when the missions
of the Californlas were secularized every
possible means was taken to wrest from
the churches their email properties. In
the case of Hidalgo It was declared by
the Audiencia that h« was planting the
vines and making- wine for the purpose
of Intoxicating the Indians and inciting
them to rebellion.
This unjust attack upon the vines which
¦were used for making the holy commun
ion wine angered the quiet prieBt beyond
restraint, and he flatly refused to obey
the command to destroy them.
The military was sent to enforce the
order and when" they left the vineyards
had been razed and burned, the wine press
destroyed and his wine confiscated.
That T.as the wine party of the Padre
Hidalgo.
This private wrong may account for the
etern, dogged, almost Saxon persistence
with which he began the contest. He
used the pulpit and confessional to pro
mote Ri» view*, and under the pretense of ¦
a literary society patriotic meeting* wer«
held. ... , ¦ -,
•The plan* of these patriots -were disco v- -
ered before they were ready to act, and
on the morning of the. 16th of September
(Sunday), in 1S10, the comrades came to
the house of Hidalgo and. told him that
their plot had been discovered.
The padre knew that they must act. at
once. Ringing the church bell earlier than
was his custom, he assembled his little
congregation to mass. But Instead of
prayers, he thus addressed them: "My
children, this day comes to us a new dis
pensation. Are you ready to receive it?
Will you be free? Will you make an ef
fort to recover from the hated Spaniards
the lands stolen from your forefathers?"
Then taking- the banner of Guadaloupe
from the sacred altar he sounded the
Grito de Dolores: "Viva nuestra Senpra
Guadaloupe! Viva la Independencia!" and
marched out of the church.
The whole congregation followed him
Into the street. He liberated the prisoners
who were In the city's prison and armed
them. The news of the enterprise spread
wide among the people, Who had only been
waiting for a leader. "Within twenty-four
hours the patriot priest was at the head
of an army large enough to enable him to
capture two cities with a united popula
tion of more than 30,000.
The mass of his army were Indians
armed with bows, arrows, slings, ma
chetes and lances. Arms of obsidian, thi
volcanic glass so often referred to by the
early historians of Mexico, which had lain
neglected since the days of.Cortez, were
now brought out and a stranger contrast
can scarcely be Imagined than that pre
sented by the Aztec levies and the beau-,
tiful regiment of the Queen and a. detach
ment of regulars which had Joined Hidal
go on his march.
Guanajuato was the objective point of
the campaign. It was the capital of the
province and the depot of the wealth of
the Spaniards. It is In the heart of the
richest mineral district.. The natives to
this day will tell you that after the hogs
have wallowed -in the pools the hose Is
turned, on them to wash the silver ? from
their bristles.
Rianon, the chief of the province, was
a great favorite in Mexico and a man
universally respected for his courage and
humanity. When he saw that all the In
dians and native-born Spanish-Americans
flocked to Hidalgo's banner he determined
not to defend the city, and shut himself
up with all the Europeans and the gold,
--silver and quicksilver in the Alhondega,
or granary. Here Rianon Intended <o de
fend his trust.
Th«- Alhondega t Is still standing. " It Is
a two-story stone structure of immense
size, with walls from five to tea feet In
thickness. It .was originally Intended'; to
be used- as a granary in which ' to . store
\ Hidalgo continued his march to the cap
-Ital without -_oaoe suffering defeat/ Every
-precaution, was made to defend the capi
tal.;. At -La3 Cruces,. almost .within sight
of "the city, he met. the"; royal .forces 'and
'drove them back.:,-- But : . for < some reason
• never,- understood •* Hidalgo, decided to re
*treatl'-'..'* ,.".'. :.:•;'''/;¦.''.¦.¦•.'.¦¦ "
The City of Mexico was taken aghast
at^the capture of Guanajuato. The pres
tige-of tacit obedience had been broken!
The! depot of the mining. district had been
jacked! The whole country was In arms!
But the most valuable addition .he re
ceived was the person of Don Jose Marie
Morelos, also a priest. Oh" Morelos after
the death of. Hidalgo rested the mantle of
command. Some Idea of his enthusiasm
may be forme-1 from the fact that he set
out on the receipt of his commission ac
companied by. but five "badly armed ser
vants, with the' promise that within a
year he would take "Acapulco, a feat
which he absolutely accomplished and of
which Napoleon said: "It is one of the
great victories of. - the 'world. . sufficient
of itself to 'win for Morelos a place among
the immortals."
From there he went to "Valladolid and
entered without resistance. His army now
numbered 50,000, and In addition he was
reinforced by the militia of the province
and the dragoons of a neighboring city,
both of which were well equipped and In
good discipline.
Hidalgo did not remain long at Guana
juato, but' while there he established a
mint and a foundry for cannon, for which
he made use of bells found In the desert
ed houses of the rich.
Rianon fell dead as all was lost. Not a
Spaniard escaped. Hidalgo secured $5,000,-
KW In treasure.
This siege of the t Alhondega of Guanaju
ito was the Bunker Hill of Mexico.
At last an Indian placed a great flat
stone upon his back, and thus shielded
from the. bullets which the Spaniards
rained down upon it crawled up to the
gates and- burned them down. The army
followed up. this advantage, and after part
3f the garrison had perished from suffo
:atlon carried the castle.
Rianon replied that he declined to capit
ulate, and Hidalgo at once marched to the
attack. The Spaniards, about 2000 strong,
were well equipped and able to stand a
long siege. The patriots tried in vain to
carry the place, but the besieged were
constantly on the watch and gave them
no opportunity to approach the • gates.
Torches were kept burning at n'.ght, and
by their : light the Spaniards shot every
man who came within reach.
Before the .insurgents made an attack
upon this fortress Hidalgo sent Abasola to
-Rianon with a letter announcing that ha
tad proclaimed : the independence of the
country and that as the only difficulty In
the way \va? the presence of -Europeans
it was necessary to banish the Spaniards
and "to. confiscate their property, which
' they had obtained by oppressive laws. He
promised protection to the Spaniards If
"they would submit and that their persons
should be conveyed to a place of safety.
surplus corn for public protection against
seasons of scarcity. ¦ ¦ - .
Several prominent men now joined th»
ranks of Morelos. They were from tho
upper classes, and although sympathizers
with' the cause of independence . from. th»
first they did not declare themselves' until
they ¦ "saw \ a man • appear . whom they
thought capable of ruling the storm. As
soon as' Morelos "became. 'known ' he was
recognized 'as the; man they sought.
. In January, of 1812 the royal forces, un
der * cilieja, , left the capital to- oppos»
Morelos, who was at Cuautla, about twen-
The whole of the year. 1811 was spent In
petty engagements, and by the great and
successful effort of Morelos to discipline
his army, the mass of whom wer»
nesroes.
The result of this battle was the posses
sion of eight hundred muskets and eight
pieces of artillery, . a large quantity ot
ammunition and money.
-The commandant marched out against
Morelos with a numerous body of troops,
but Morelos did not hesitate to attack
him with an Inferior force, and under
cover of night surprised and defeated the
royalists.
Morelos' first great exploit was the- cap
ture of Acapulco, already alluded to.
Acapulco was the great depot of the Ma
nila trade, probably the busiest town in
Mexico. The possession of it would put
an end to strife In that quarter.
He was a full-blooded Indian, who had
the elements of a great warrior In him.
He organized a Government, : convened
Congress, which Issued /• a constitution,
and defeated the- Spaniards in several
battles. The history of his lifo from
the death of f Hidalgo to his own Is
the history of the revolution.
"With the heads of the leaders cut off
many thought that "the- revolution was
forever at an end. There . was at this
time one man only who stood forth con
spicuous among the revolutionists as aa
admitted chief— Morelos.
Their heads were cut off and taken to
Guanajuato, where they were placed on
four hooks projecting from the corners
of the Alhondega. And there they re
mained until 1823, when the ¦ successful
revolutionists took them down and burled
them with the honors due the memory of
the first martyrs of Mexican liberty.
On the road they were surprised and
captured by a former partisan, who could
not resist the temptation of . so valuable
a capture. They were taken to Chihua
hua, tried, degraded and shot. ,,
After "a terrific battle at Guadalajara,
In which the Mexican troops were com
pelled to retreat, there were but four
thousand soldiers left. It was decided to
leave them under command of • Rayon,
while Hidalgo and his three leaders, Al
lende, Aldama and Abasolo, who had erer
been the souls of the revolution, to
set out for the United States to purchase
arms and procure the assistance of ex
perienced
While his motives will never be known,
his courage should not bo questioned. But
whatever the reason may have been. It
was - fatal error. Then began that series
of disasters which finally resulted la tha
dispersion of his army.
THE STORY OF
MEXICO'S
INDEPENDENCETHE old. old Spanish highway Is ta
be reconstructed. Already, a con
certed effort 13 being made to re
build the ancient road traveled by
the pious Franciscans in the days
before the gringos came— more than a
century ago.
The Boards of Supervisors In all of the
counties of California In which missions,
pueblos and presidios originally estab
lished are located will be aopealed to to
further tht movement. Many of these
bodies have already acceded to the re
quests cf the association that is seeking
to have re-established the old, original
highway connecting the twenty-one mis
sions from north to south.
1 have personally visited all but three
of the missions, I believe, and have trav
ersed a goodly portion of the original road
at various times, which was used by the
Franciscans nuil their followers and
whose surface, as it remains to-day, was
largely rounded and smoothed by the
rawhide sandals upon their feet.
"El Camino Real," the royal road, or
less literally, the king's highway, was not
made nor )aid out by survey. The Fran
ciscans selected the most direct route
practicable between their pueblos and
missions, and if portions of it were
crooked and curved it was because there
were heavy grades or hills to be encoun
tered too severe for the strength of their
horees or cattle. San Diego County, the
southernmost in the State, contained the
first of the presidios, of which there were
four in California. Of the other three one
is located at Santa Barbara, one at Mon
terey and one at San Franc. so. Tr.e.e
were also garrisons at three pueblos and
at each of the twenty- one missions, and
this road as originally used was a military
highway for the tiansportation of troops
and supplies.
The pueblos of Los Angeles. Branc'forte
(Santa Ctuz) and San Jcse were a 3O on
this original road, and before the advent
of the railroad it was used from San
Diego to the mission cf San Francisco
Solano and was kept in perfect repair. ¦
But let us follow the old. road, imagining
It to etill be passable all the way. ar.d
note some of the interesting scenes that
will be available to the tourist as soon, as .
the oM. road shall have been rehabilitated.
The mission of San Ditgo was founded
in 17P9. The present city of the same
name was not dreamed of until a century
later, but there remain in the present
"Old Town," as the tiire-tcbles give it. a
host of interesting ruins of the former
people, and among them the o^ mission,
still In a fair ttate of preservation.
In front of Us partially ruined chapel
may he seen the old El Camino Real, as It*
is here that a start is to bo made looking
to the resurrection of that road to Its ter-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
miles, following •" the -. original highway
which again becomes plain I from Santa
Barbara' on, we come -to the mission of
Santa Ynez, and .thence northward thirty
miles, find tl>e mission Purissima. These
are loss visited than -almost- any - of - the
others, being off ' the lines. of travel' and
reached only through mountainous coun
try by wagon road. "¦.. , -*,;'. :\ .. - .
¦ The original' highway is stills used here
for the most part, although there are cut
offs here and there that will prove coh
fUsing until original' records 'are' consult
ed. Both missions are interesting and. pre
sent examples of the beautiful design of
their builders, „ each differing, somewhat
from the styles seen farther toward the
south. ."-.¦.. ; • ': ¦¦'¦ ¦-¦-¦
Through 'the Santa Maria Valley and
over the mountains to-San 'LuiSvObispo
the route of El Camino ¦ Real- is still- used
as the most direct highway.,- The mission
at San Luis iGbispo- has been rebuilt "in
part, in a style of. architecture too mod-
em to please ?he seeker, after ancient!
things, but a portion or it remains in its
original, form. . It 'is within a few; city
blocks of the; royal road, which- passes
through what !s now: tne main, street of
the town. ¦ .'¦-¦ ¦ . - . ... ¦: -., ,---¦•
At San. Miguel, distant'* thirty-one miles
to the north of San Luis 'Mission.; is the
mission of San Miguel, which . was «tho
half-way house -in olden times j on ihe
journey from .San' E>iego> to Sari Fran
cisco. The mission is in a poor state of
preservation," but is interesting In many
ways nevertheless: Mts tiled roof remains
upon such portions of the building as are
still- Intact, ..but' there are enough ; tiles
piled around the "corral serving as a wall
or fence to cover another building of the
same size. -•'" :/ ;;;...¦ ---. .'
Monterey County contains the third
presidio, ..which .was.known.asthe royal
presidio, and three missions.! It held 'a
warm place in tho hearts of the Francis
cans," for, at El. Carmel Mission, near
Monterey. ¦ Father Junipero ; Serra is
buried:- The missions of Soledad, El Car
mel (San Antonio) and San Carlos Bor
romeo (Monterey) He in. the - order named,
distant about. thirty, miles apant, and have
been much described and visited of late
years by . tourists. ; They axe all aa inter-
ward San Jose, where tne next mission
was established and. where the third
pueblo' was located, the old read becomes
vague In several places, although It is be
lieved that it can be reopened, and made
passable all the way; , The route is mag
nificent scenically, for some of the most
Deal, *}> i2 v | ntui> e at ah. it ratner ap-
S, 1 " tke st ate p:-Je of the respective
ort^inaiiv throu Sh whi C n the royal road
thW^h V *>> p t ssed - 'appealing to- them
XnSh?^H the .! uperv!sora to maintain and .
repair the old road. /
V * • ; y • w.- j; rouse,
lessly from the upper branches arbutus
and wild smilax add to the peaceful ef
fect. - • ;
San Fernando, far from the noise of
the steam roads, with its wealth of rem
in'scen'.e, its inexhaustible fund of inter
esting history engrossed indelibly upon
the pages of its ancient ledgers, is a mis
sion well worth more than a passing
glance.
The road originally used to cross -the
range from San Fernando to Ventura is
but ill-defined in. some places at this day.
Mining and oil prospectors have mado
new roads and better ones; surveyors
nave found new passes: Supervisors hava
improved branches from county, roads,
until it seems impossible to definitely and
surely resurrect the original highway, but
there are old Spanish settlers In that lo
cality who doubtless can give reliable in
formation.
I'ne mission at Ventura, known still by
its original name, San Buena Ventura, Is
on the main street of the town and marks
again the line of the royal road. Its main
building is well preserved, having been
partially reconstructed. The original .til
ing on the roof of the baptismal house in
tne rear of the chapel is still intact.. but
the main building has a' modern roof of
shingles. There .are many mementoes of
former greatness In thia mission well
worth seeing. . • .
Santa Barbara County has . the second
presidio and three missions within Us
boundaries. Santa Barbara mission ia
perhaps the mest written about of any of
the Franciscan missions. Located direct
ly in -the town of Santa Barbara, itself a
popular tourist resort, the mission has
been visited by thousands of Eastern peo
ple and has been photographed bv everv
professional and amateur who ever vis
ited it. It is admirably preserved and its
site upon the hillside, just high enough
to overlook the city, is an admirable one
Its twin towers and their old. bells its
immense fountain, displaying some mag-,
nificent examples ¦ of stone carving it*
elaborate facade, its long, shady corri
dors; its wealth of historical lore! make
it at once one of the most popular as well
as one of the best known of all the twen
ty-one missions. " . - ¦
In a westerly direction • about 'thirty
.marvejous of California's beauties art*
displayed here. '"^
The Santa Clara Mission is one of toe
most interesting in the chain, and. some of
the records preserved there are of inesti
mable value. The average distance, it will
have been noted. Irom ore mission to an
other has been about thirty miles. In tha
Journey from San Jo^e north, however,
there was no suitab'e site found until San,
Francisco was reached, distant by orig
inal road thirty-nine miles. Here the Mis
sion Dolores was established, and to-day
it presents one of the most remarkable
examples of the architecture of the Fran
ciscans.
The royal road U still open and used
all the way to this mission from San Jose,
passing through Palo Alto. San Mateo.
Millbrae and almost all of the present
towns on the line of tbe Southern Pacific.
From the present mission site to tha
present presidio, a portion of which was
included in the original Franciscan pre
sidio, the road has been converted into
city streets, but old maps show it plainly
and it is all open and in good condition.
Thence it is open to San Rafael mission
and passes in front of that structure,
which was the only mission in Marin
County. Thence it turns toward the mis
sion of San Francisco Solano, which was
the twenty-first and last of the chain es
tablished by the Franciscans.
. ' . ....
The foregoing offers many suggestions
to the tourist. If he can so arrange his
itinerary as to permit him to visit all of
these old missions consecutively he will
have seen practically all ef the scenlo
wonders of the State during hia journey
and will also have gained a more com
prehensive Idea of the early civilization
than can be had from all the books ex
tant. Therefore, believing that the re
habilitation : of the original El Camino
Real from San Diego to San Francisco,
making it passable for carriages auto
mobiles/ bicye'es or pedestrians would
prove an invaluable adjunct to the' attrac
tions and inducements offered tourists
concerted action is being taken under the
auspices of the Pasadena. Exhibition As
sociation to bring this end about. Misa
Anna B Picher of that organization has
personal charge of the matter and through
her efforts the co-operation of the boards
of Supervisors of several counties have
already been secured.
The association does not sp*»k financial
estlng as any that bave"l>een mentioned
herein, and the old road connects them
all." - .^ i ,' -
Northwest from Monterey- the highway
passes through • what is 1 now -the main
business street of Salinas to the mission
of San Juan, Bautista; thirty-one miles,
and is still open and in good condition all
the way. Thence it wound northeasterly
throush the hills in the vicinity of Pajaro
and Watsonvllle to Santa Cruz, which
was. the second pueblo In the original
scheme. The mission of Branc ! forte was
established here and is still known by
that name to the Spanish settlers, al
though the name Santa Cruz is most gen
irally applied to it.
Crossing the Santa Cruz Mountains to-
minus. 500 or more miles to "the north.
From this point northeastward, distant a
little more than thirty miles, the original
road takes its way through beautiful
mountain canyons to the mission of San
Luis Rey. The mission is in ruins except
the chapel, which has been partly recon
structed within the present decade and
which is ndw rated as one of the best
examples of mission architecture to bo
seen anywhere in the State.
The ruined portion presents a compre
hensive idea of the immensity of the work
done by the Franciscans, for some of tha
old walls still standing and the long tiers
of ruined archways are massive In size.
El Camino Real passes directly in front of
this mission and is to-dav an excellent
roadway.
From San Luis Rev mission the orig
inal road continues toward the mission of
San Juan Capistrano, crossing the Una
into the present Orange County in the
San Onofro Canyon, about three and a
half miles from the coast. It passes di
rectly through the town of Fallbrook and
for the greater jjart of the distance from
San Luis Rey to San Juan is to-day tha
best read in use.
The mission of San Juan Caplstrano is
in a more ruined condition, perhaps, than
almost any of the other missions. About
the middle of the last century it was
•wrecked by an earthquake and many per
sons lost their lives. The smaller chapel
has been kept in a fair state of preserva
tion, however, and some of the relics of
former greatness may be^ seen within its
rooms. There is a baptismal font here of
rarest workmanship, being carved most
beautifully from a solid block of flint
like granite. Some of the original paint
ings and statuary used in this mission are
preserved in the present chapel and are
eaid to be among the finest specimens of
early Spanish art brought to this country.
The large chapel, which was construct
ed many years after the founding of the
mission, is totally demolished, however,
and only the rear wall stands. The
cathedral beils at this mission. I am as
sured, occupy the same p'ace to-day in
the open belfry that they did when placed
there originally, more than a century a?o.
There are also some of the first official
documents indited by the hand of Father
Junipero Serra to be seen here. El
Camlno Real passes along- the lower side
of what was originally the east wall of
the mission and is the main road from
Capistrano to Santa Ana to-day.
From Santa Ana the original road,
which Is now Main street in that place,
continued northward to a point on th»
Santa Ana River, about four miles from
the present town of Anaheim. Only three
or four years ago this was abandoned by
the County Supervisors for a new route,
because of the fact that the road paral
leled the Southern Pacific tracks in dan
gerous proximity for a distance of several
miles. Irom Anaheim, through Fuller
tons main street to Whlttier and thence
to Los Angeles the road is still in good
condition and in daily use.
At Los Angeles the first of the old pueb
los was established. There were two mis
sions In what is now I^os Angeles Countv ;
the first. San Gabriel, about eighteen
miles toward the north, was u«ed as a
center of supplies for the southern mis
sions. It is fairly well preserved to-day
and its main chapel, with heavy but
tressed walls of baked adobe slabs "is im
pervious to the ra vases of time. A mod
ern roof of shingle?, however, mars the
beauty of its original effect. The second
mission In Los Angeles Countv was San
Fernando, distant twenty-eight miles a
little west of north from San Gabriel.
One of the finest preserved ancient "tile
roofs to be seen on any of the missions
Is here and the fountains in the patio are
of immense size and unus-ml construction
The long corridors of archway- pecu
liar to almost all the missions *nre s«en
here to perfection and the surrounding
scene la well adapted to set off the beaut
ties of the place. H<?re the tourist Will
first note the fantastic drapery of Span
ish moss on the live oak trees. Befor<*
approaching the mission from the south
he will see. covering several miles of the
journey, magnificent proves of live oak
and sycamore trees. The scarcity of un
derbrush is also noticeable and the ground
for the most part Is as clean as a lawn.
Nature seems to have been in a quiescent
Mate here for centuries. The leaves of
tbe trees have been festooned with grace
ful garlands of moss, bright green, dull
gray or silvery white," -while swaying list-
2
THE OLD SPANISH
HIGHWAY TO BE REBUILTrjvHE hair shall oe low." «j«*r«» Dame
J Fashion. When she talks it is gen-
I erally to some purpose and it is
J^ speedily found out. She has this
time demanded that the manner, of
T " dressing the hair shall be materially
and radically changed. And the whys
and the wherefores of this? . Simply to
suit the new hat that has taken pos
session of all swagger millinery parlors.'
The edict will be faithfully followed out.
From this time henceforth low, it' shall be.
So. girls, don't be so badly discouraged-
Do not' fume and fuss too long about it.
She has frizzed anfi curled it until, only
• a wisp remains. So make a martyr of
yourself right cheerfully.
. The very first thing to be done is to visit
a hair dresser. Purchase a switch, and
be sure that It matches your own hair to
a nicety. .Thtn have her do" up your hair
brought Into; beautiful \)ut horribly dis
astrous play at thls'stage of the proceed
ing's. , ..._',
The sides are held loosely, and, the comb
turns/all the short locks backward. i \in
other! words, ', the hair Is ruffed on ends
and then smoothed in a delightfully decep-
'; There generally is* a \whole v - family on
each- boat. 'and. one^of ;the younsrr. mem- ¦
bers.is sent ashore at;, times to sell the
shellfish.' . The money" he gets he spends at
once ¦" for - flour, r . meat r and . twine ' for - net ¦
making. The • sea .; gypsies .-. never ; keep
The sea gypsies are wild-eyed' and thick
set. -Their hair is'always^elther jet black
or golden. They are still of almost pure .
Norse or Danish descent, never having
used 'the land and mixed with , the shore
folk to any extent. , Their hands seem to
be ail thumbs instead of fingers, so pow
erful • and stubby are thediglts, because
they, have' done nothing but haul on^ropes '
and dig ln'the wet sand.
When tht* tide is out the old craft will
often drop anchor by a sandbank island
far out at sea. and her crew will grub for
cockles with their hands, filling a score of
baskets* but saying nothing to each other,
foe* they are* almost . out of the habit of
speech; .They find fifty shellfish where
the ordinary fisherman finds one, but they
rarely do the tame thing two days, run
ning,'and in the iiext'hour they may be
snaring ratb.ts on a headland mlle3 away.
There are about 500 sea 'gypsies^ in Brit
ain. They cruise along" the coast, seldom
touching the land," but always close to it,
in old and weather-beaten cr&ft'that may
have carried their grandfathers.
are the ¦•queer semi- wild folk
known as sea gypsies. Real gypsies they
are, differing from their fellow gypsies in
the fact that- they always live on the spa
and .that.C never having mingled much
with landsmen, their type Is much purer
and more nearly resembles the original.
«P STRANGE and almost unknown
f/\ .part of the population (if they can
/F~X> be called that) of the British Isles
ENGLAND'S SILENT SEA GYPSIES
money about them — they do not care for
it — but lay it out at dice in goods. The
cockles fished from the sea by this strange
tribe generally find their .way td Billings
gate eventually or are eaten In the lodg
ing-houses of the seaside town.
They detest company of any kind. Some
times they fall in with an inbound sailing 1
vessel that wants .a pilot and. does not
care to pay the heavy dues pilots charge.
So the eldest son en board the gypsy
smack takes h«»r In charge, and the ship
master Is delighted, for the sea gypsy
never makes a mistake and will do the
pilot work for very little. The old smack
is towed astern; but directly the ship
makes her port the sea gypsy demands
his money and /cuttles off, and the smack -
staggers out u> sea again, so strongly
dees (he gypsjNhate the haunts of man.
He is the richer by two or three pounds,
which will keep the entire family for as
many months. This strange people has
really no need for money except to buy
tobacco, for they will live on the fish, sea
birds and shellfish they catch for any
length of time.
There was a gypsy smack once that fell
in with the abandoned schooner St. Lev
an off Sunderland. The gypsies boarded
her and brought her - into Shields, being
awarded the vast sum of £14:0 for the sal
vage.' The ' gypsy crew, as many North.
Country seamen know, lost their heads
over the acquirement of so much wealth
and came to live in Shields in a cottage
on the Sunderland road.
• A fortnight from the date of their" mov
ing in the old smack was seen putting to
sea again, and the landlord found his ten
ants', cottage deserted and the sum of £20
left him as a year's rent forfeiture. A"
sea gypsy, it is said, would die within a ;
month" on dry. land. He looks awkward
as a walrus who has • lost his way when
not on board his strange old vesseL But ~
there is no healthier or happier race ua
der heaven than the client sea. gypale*.
IT is' a .logical deduction that the foods
from which the fleshy person must Ab
stain arc the ones which are benefi
cial to the thin one. An authority grves
this regimen: "If possible, have a cup of
cocoa or chocolate before rising. Foryour
breakfast have eggs, poached or boiled,
cutlets,. chops or steak. ; a cup ' of coffee
and some fruit;, but do 'not neglect the
eggs. ¦
..'.'At dinner, have soup, meat and fish, ac
cording to your taste; but he sure to have
rice, macaroni, potatoes, cauliflower, as
paragus—indeed,^ all vegetables, /AvcU
acids, although salads are good. ¦#'.'; ;.
' "Choose desserts - that are sweet, espe
cially those containing milk and eggs.
Grapes are said to be fattening, and su
gar undoubtedly is.
. "Do not take cold baths nor indulge in
very violent. exercise. Sleep as much as
possible, ami do not allow yourself to be
exceedingly interested, in" anything which
will^ausfe you to worry.'.'
Physicians, say that if this regimen is
carefully carried out the thinnest woman
ma'y attain the desired; plumpness, , pro
vided she has no deep-seated disease. '
•It will be seen that all foods containlnj,
flour, starch; sugar or fat- are advised;
providing^ the digestion oilers no bar. i f
the digestion of any of : these constituents
Is accomplished -with, difficulty.- they are
as fattening agents, for they fail
to .be properly assimilated. Happily the
list of flesh-producing foods is long enough
to allow a liberal choice in the matter. •
» All foods i should be slowly masticated
in order to be. easily digested. Care and
grief should -be allowed no place at table.
Condiments and Miighly spiced sauces
should be avoided. .A merry laugh is su
perior, to pepsin tablets for • indigestion.
"Mirth is God's medicine," said Dr. Oliver
.Wendell Holmes.' - •'
Do not over-eat.~but eatall the appetite
demands with judgment. Thr'ee meals -a
day, with a. light luncheon between, if
craved; arc permissible, taking care only
that -the, light repast .is: not'near enough
the solid meal to spoil the appetite for ft?
Milk-is: very: fattening, . and where it
agrees with one, two" quarts a day are rec
ommended. If | taken cold; .it should ;'¦<*
slowly sipped, as informs into curds when
it < reaches the" stomach; and if in a la' ?a
mass it is less' easily acted: upon by. trio
gastrie . juices! .' A tablespoonrul , of limo
water in a goblet of milk Lwill prevent its
causing biliousness. ¦ *Vichy-brandy or :V
pinch J of • salt ¦, will ; also perform the safie
service.' ¦:•' ,v, r ."
,' Hot; milk (is much. more-easily, digested
than cold, and taken just: before goin-r "o
bed * quiets , the; nerves^ano"- nourishes, the
system, j It should ;.be 'heated just short of
the boiling point: - a A pinch' of salt may" be
added"-, to aid; digestioh.^Ste^la: Stuart in
August -Ledger Monthly. ' : :- ' •-.' ¦ ¦ : r< • '
GOOD DIET FOR
THIN PEOPLE.
a sixth, as he always made it a rule
to keep one" barrel in reserve. I had an
opportunity of asking him if this wero
true. I cannot recollect what he said
about having performed this feat more
than once, but he told how he just missed
getting a sixth elephant out of a herd
through a mistake. He got up to a herd
in a jungle and commenced operations on
a tusker that 'was standing by a clump
of bamboo. ; The smoke '¦„ hung and he
could not see what happened, but on ,the
other side- of the- clump of bamboo he
saw a tusker, which he presumed was the
one he had just fired at, so promptly
dropped it. He had- got three more out
of. the herd, and was reduced to his last
barrel, when another elephant, a tusker,
Y think, gave him a very easy .chance,
which he could hardly have missed, but
he would; not break his rule,, so- let him
go. On returning to the clump of bam
boos he found two tuskers dead, making
five elephants in all. and regretted he had
not broken his rule for once. Think of
"three brace" of elephants for a day's
bag! < - • .
The following is the feat in the recol
lection of which I happen to know the
WRITIXG of me veteran officer.
General J. ¦ Michael. C. S. 1., of
the Madras Staff Corns, who
-'was in his time a noted elephant
shot, a correspondent 'of the Madras Mail
I states that one of Michael's earliest ex
"ptolfsTinsrpjred his native attendants with
a wonderful amount of confidence in him.
as well it might. He got among a herd
of in very long grass, and 1 , for
some time couJd not set a shot. ; At last
he got up to one, and, dropping it dead,
jumped on the body, and with a second
gun dropped two more' eleDhants before
they had time to malce off. I had heard
.it said of Michael that he was in the habit
of going out with three double-barreled
guns, and had frequently got five ele-
I phants in five shots, but could naver get
FIVE ELEPHANTS IN FIVE SH0T5
general himself finds most satisfaction,
because he considers it showed thorough
knowledge of the game. One day he was
was out botanizing with a friend, and was
unarmed. They heard elephants in a
sholah below and Michael sent back for
his rifles. 'On getting down into the sho
lah Michael found his quarry wa3 two
tuskers, evidently traveling cne behind
tha other. He intercepted them and had
covered the leauer and was just going
to tire when it flashed through his brain
that the second wcnM escape him — greedy
man! He accordingly dropped the hind
most elephant first, and, as he antici
pated, the leader wheeled around, got
blocked by. his prostrate companion, and
gave Michael time to lay him out beside
him— the tv.o. tell with their tusks to
gether. Ger.eV?.! Michael shot the major
ity of his hundred odil elephants with a
1-f-bore, which in the days of muszle-load
ers was the ordinary sun, just as a 12
bore is now.
The maximum charge in the gauge of
his powder flask was five drains, but when
he was loading for elephants he used to
add a little more. Compare this with the
metal'and charges used for big game now!
His success in this particular form, of
sport was due quite as much to a perfect
knowledge of the game as to splendid
shooting. His directions for finding tha
way to the brain of an elephant were as
follows:
"Imagine a ramrod (there were ram
rods in those -days) passed from earhol*
to earhole through the elephant's head,
and another bisecting it vertically; in
whatever position you may be. aim for
thi« point of bisection." I have heard It
said of Michael that he used to so con
centrate his thought on this one imagin
ary point that he. in a sort of way, lost
sight of everything else. I presume that
it goes without saying that if yot Und,
yourself in such a position that your gun
cannot penetrate to the desired point you
must not fire at all. - In the old days wild
elephants were looked upon as something;
to be got rid of, and Government gave re
wards for shooting them— I think it was
60 rupees for a cow and 90 rupees- for a
tusker — and the tusks were the property
of the shooter. — London Globe.
; There are all kinds of pros and cons for
•and against it, but the girl who is pretty
will make a much better showing with
hair nestling in her neok than she did
with It piled on top of her head. Again
It makes most people look ages -younger,
more petite and wonderfully bewitching.
Men are prone to say, "Give me a woman
' *>s high as my heart." With the hair
Voilt up about three' stories she usually
omes much higher. , -"; _/. -; r '
But it takes more hair. Much more, to
be strictly accurate. More Is the pity, for
tlie average girl of to-<?ay hasn't got it.
several times and 'instead ? of dreaming
about your latest summer. flirtation pay
strict . attention '¦¦ to the maid., u . .
; First- she will divide your hair into, two
distinct parts, commencing . at the middle
and running half way about your head.
Then she' will tie the back portion tightly
, with a cord. ""That is the first and all im
portant stei>. . . •...-"•
Then commences the curling proposition.
The waves will be made as loose as pos
sible— about three of them, but they will
be very. ; marked, j The old saying of
"making one's hair, stand on end"- is
tly*< fashion, on the outside. That takes
the- place of the "rolFVor "rat." When
the hair Is r all tied closely to the head it
.is time for the manipula.tor to get her
ingenuity to work.
What . are you* going to do -Is the next
question! Is it to be a reception, theater
or just'a swell call?; It all depends : on
that, you know, for the low . style is not
half as accommodating as the high. It is
, severely plain or extremely elabo
rate. There seems to be no half way sta
trons. v - - .
¦ . • - ¦ ¦ ¦•.-/¦¦ ». .¦ '¦ .¦• ¦ ¦ . * .
-For evening wear .the- soft -puffs are
pretty and not. too fuzzy.' The hair is di
vided into aboift seven parts and each one
is rolled' into a puftV and held in place by
an invisible hairpin. When two curls are
cunningly added,, the entire effect is well
worth the time and trouble expended. But \
that is, only the back, and one generally
cares more -about facing their 'friends
than continually turning the cold shoul
der.
The front may ' be dressed tea variety
of ways. Quite, the smartest is the side
¦low -drop. 7 The three large waves are In
evidence; very muchly so. The hair
; drops over the left eye and is held up on
/the. other side. "When a dainty, aigrette
or,. even "a ribbon bow marks the part, it
; is a very, fetching : mode and bids fair to
be a very popular one.
Then there ¦ is the new old fashion of
parting the hair in the middle. It is slow
ly, feeling Its way back into life again.
¦Not exactly, like "it used to look, but near
enough to recognize it r witliout an intro
duction. The hair is rolled on the sides
..and then the tiniest -baby, curls are made
that can be imagined. Little "love" locks
they are called, and they look like it, too.,
But that is a' trying fashion and not very
many people can wear it that way suc
cessfully; and success- is what every wo
man is looking for these days,
v A pretty and simple way la the rope
style. • The ( hair Is twisted and twisted
and then coiled in and out and held in
place with hairpins that fail to make any
impression. The latest fancy seems to be
to use wire pins, not bpcause they ara
more comfortable but because they are
not half as conspicuous. Either one ex
treme or the other— pins that can be seen
half a block away or those that cannot
be found with a microscope.
The figure' "8" is perhaps the simplest
and easiest to do of all, and consequently
the most demand. There is nothing to
it but to place the coll in an eight and
fasten it down well. Anybody can do It
if she only has the necessary hair.
This revision was sure to come sooner
or later and it has come later, much to
the annoyance' of everybody who has to
follow suit. The new hats are to blame
for it all, but nobody will say a word
when. they see how swagger they are and
how universally becoming.
A certain Parisian millinery firm . was
established in a small way ten years ago.
The first year the profits were $3160. Th«
ne?t year they had leaped to $19,000, and
in three years^ad reached $234,000. The
last year's balance showed $413,000 on the
right side of the ledger.
THE SUNDAY CALL;
3
TEH LATEST
FAD
IN
HAIR
DRESSING* The subjecfls presented in a simple and
practical way and many other Interesting
matters .are given by the : writer. (Pub
lished • by the Health '• Culture Company,
481 Fifth avenue. New York. •; In cloth DO
cents, paper 25 cents.) / ¦
. The editor of Health Culture, W. R. C.
Latson, M.-D., has' just Issued a pamph
let "wherein he "takes up the often 'con
sidered question of meat eating." ,111s Idea
Is to show, that flesh -food Ms not essential
to mental: and physical vigor and further
more that all the food elements found
In meat can.be obtained by the- use. of
other, products, as cereals, nuts, vegeta
bles,, fi;uits, . etc. .The 'author holds that
in the. animal body there Is a' constant
breaking down of tissue, which becomes
.waste matter. The flesh "of the animal Is
laden 'with this 'poisonous ;waste , andjthls
taken Into the human body is a frequent
cause* of weakness and aisease.
Food Values of Meat.
Books Received.
EL. CENTILOQUIO DE SAXTIL*L>A2f A—Ed
ited by Fernando Staud y Xlmenez, C, O. B.,
A. M.. and Hubert M. Skinner. A. M. Laird
& Lee. Chicago. $1.
MUZZAREIAI'S BRIEF FRENCH COURSE
— By Antoine Muzzarelll. American Book
Company. New York. $1 23. •
THE COMPLETE TRIBtTNE PRIMER— By
Eugene Field." Mutual Book Comuany. Bos
ton. 75c.
THB "LITTLE MEN" PLAY«-Adapted "from
Louisa M. Alcott'a "Little Men." By Eliza
beth Lincoln OouldL Little. Brown & Co.,- Bos
ton. oCc. _ '
"THE "LITTLE WOMEN" PLAT- Adapt pel
from Louisa M. Alcott's ••Little Women." By
Elizabeth Lincoln Gould. : Little. Brown & Co..
Eoston. 50c.
THE EVANGELIST. ROSE AND NINETTE
—By Alrhonse Daudet. Little. Brown & Co..
Boston. Jl 50.
JACK— By Alphonse Daudet. Little. Brown
& Co.. Boston. 2 vols. H50 each.
THE DESERT— By John C. Van Dyke.
Chaj-lea Scribner's Sons. New York, tl 25.
GULLIVERS TRAVELS— By Dean Swift.
Thomas Y. Crowell &.Co.. New York. «0c.
DON QUIXOTE— Retold by Calvin Dili Wil
son. Thomas T. Crowell A Co.. New Torlc. *>o.
"OUR UNCLE THE -MAJOR"— By James
Otla. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York.
SUc.
THE- CANDLE AND THE CAT-^By Mary
F. Leonard. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co , New
York. COc.
, The professional succeeds;. in obtaining
service with; the mysterious burglar and
Mr. Walsh fills his pages with, thrilling
incidents and yet keeps the 'solution of
thei main j problem ' until ; the last few
pages, so the reader Is kept in; a delicious
a nd constant state of . suspense. ¦ .' !A • doctor
who. lives in a, lonely house with a dumb
Indian; servant -plays: an important part
and' adds materially ?io /the "general at
mosphere' • of mystery.: that pervade3 * the
situation.*.
Imagine^ the burglar's surprise. when he
sees his friend of ¦¦ the'; night -before in
earnest conversation with' the daughter
of the house on the front porch. Me be
comes."bo"; Interested .'in the case that he
decides to follow It up on his, own account
and bee .what. manner ol man Is this who
robs, at night the, house of his best friend.
The professional- has his " curiosity
awakened by the queer" « actions' oi thw
other mail and cannot resist returning to
the : - place; the next 'day to see. If he can
discover any clew as to the Identity of his
pausing acquaintance of , the night before.
. This "man." of • mystery. Is not content
¦with that one robbery, and you find to
your .consternation that he makes a reg
ular practice of turning gentleman burg
lar periodically. Mr. Walsh adds to the
excitement of his. story by having a pro
fessional burglar on the scene of this first
robbery. The professional finds to his
surprise, as jj he goes through the house,
that there Is nothing to steal. The rea
son for this he^learna when he comes face
to 'face with the gentleman burglar with
all the silverware under 'his arm. Bom
men find themselves; looking Into- the
other's revolver barrel. ,The gentleman
burglar divides the booty .with the pro
fessional and they both agree to consider
the incident closed. - .
"The Mysterious Burglar," by George
E. Walsh, .is'ari up-to-date detective story
of just the right thrills to make you finish
the book at one sitting. The mysterious*
burglar, 'who gives the title to the story
by .-his 'remarkable acts, is a man of great
wealth and high standing in the' com
munity. He" is handsome, rich and ; ac
cpmplished, and - why he should rob the
house of his affianced bride is what seems
incomprehensible to the reader and causes
him to burn the midnight oil In digging
out the truth from the . : pages - of Mr:
Walsh's interesting ctory. v
The Mysterious . Burglar.
"Under the. Allied Flags" is. by that
well-known writer of fact and fiction. El
bridge S. Brooks. Mr. Brooks' interesting
and popular "Young Defender Series"" of
modern tales of -adventure is .now. in
creased by this stirring storv of a plucky
young American's adventures," as in the
land of the Boxers he precedes or follows
the allied flags of the internationalforces
a» they- fight' their way from Taku" and
Tientsin ¦ 'to Peking. ; Ned Pevear. with
whom" readers of '.'With Lawton and Rob
erts" are familiar, is the hero of this
latest story, and the* adventures he has,
the dangers he "faces, the experiences he
goes through, are alike thrilling, attract
ive and absorbing.- But Ned is a real boy.
He doesn't win every time. ; He is often
in hot water and does not- always escape
by his own actions. -Heedless, headstrong
and careless, he blunders into trouble and
has to work his way out, as boys usually
must do; but his pluck and his patriotism,
his energy and his ambition, win out at
last and lead him to play.; the 'hero alike
with Seymour's endangered relief^colunin,
In beleaguered Tientsin, among the im
periled, legations and before the walls qf
Peking. Men and. women, boys and glrla,
of all the mingled nationalities that mfide
this war In China so picturesque, appear
in the story and give it 1 , vigor, variety ami
uriflagging interest. (Published by the
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston.
•Price.$l 25.) ., . • ¦ \ '
Under the Allied Flags.
Father Damien wrote, when he could find
the time, to the various members of his fam
ily; but these letters were tew and for - ih»
most part brief. Here are brief extracts from
them: •• • • * Every one, with the excep
tion of a few bigoted heretics,* look's upon me
as Father. As for me, f mane myself a
leper vith ! the lepers, to gain . all to Jesus
Christ. This is why, in preaching I say, we
lepers, not, my brethren,' as ; in, Europe. "• *. •
The average, of deaths is about one a day.
Many are so destitute that there is nothing;
with which to pay their burial expenses. They
are simply wrapped In a blanket. As far as
my 'duties allow me time, I make corflns.my
eelf for these people. • • ¦ • 1 have, not. a
penny of Income, " yet nlhil mihi v deest, : . I
want for nothing. I have even alms to give
away. How is this to be explained? That is
His secret, who promised .to give a'hundred
fold to those who .. give up all for Him.
*.•'¦* Thc* e ten years'" I have been on, the
mission 1 have built a church and chapel every
year— 1 am not ashamed to act 'as 'carpenter'
or | mason when it is for j the glory j of Ood.
* • • A few words about my way of living.
I live all alone. In a little hut; lepers. never
enter It. In the morning, , after mass,' a
woman who Is not. a leper comes to prepare
my meal. | My dinner consists of rice, - meat,
"coffee and a few biscuits. For supper I j take
what was left from dinner with; a cup of tea,
the'water for which I boil , over a lamp. My
poultry'yard furnishes me with eggs. 1 make
only two meals, a day.'morning and evening.
1 rarely take anything between. • You see I live
very well. .1 don't starve. I am . not • much
at home ln> the day tinje.' After dark I- say
my ; breviary : by the light of ' ;my '•'.¦ lamp; 1 '; I
study a bit. or write ' a letter. '. So don't " won
der at getting only,' one.' letter ' a year. -from
me." ?' (This to j his-: mother.) ; "I really . have
no* the time to think of you < except In my
prayers. -•• • .• ' My lepers - are .very, fervent.
Here is. a short extract from some of
his letters which will' serve to show his
modesty, his supreme devotion to che
cause of Christianity and his remarkable
capacity for work:
He needs no. one to sing of him in any
but simple melody, for his days were so
full of good deeds that the mere telling
of them is a sufficient song of praise.. ;
This account of his life work Is written
by Charles Warren Stoddard and is beau
tifully and powerfully expressed .^in the
simple form of narrative wnich Mr. Stod
dard sees fit to adopt. Such a life as that
of Father Damien— so simple, . pure and
self -sacrificing that he- might make oth
ers happy in the present and the here
after—treated in any other way would b«
profaned. •
Whether one be Christian, heretic or
infidel, he cannot but'admire the sublime
self-sacrifice 'of this man, who chose to
teach his taith by example and- not by
force.
His was one. of the most beautiful of all
martyrdoms. .
For thirteen . years he remained un
touched by that terrible disease, among
whose victims he had voluntarily cast his
lot.
The Catholic Truth Society of San
Francisco has published in pamphlet form
that Interesting account of "Father
Damien, the Martyr of Molokai."
For sixteen years Father Damien
worked among the lepers of Molokai.
The Martyr of MolokaL
L. C. Page & Co. published the follow
ing during August: ;, "Captain Raven
shaw," by Robert Neilsbn Stephens..au
thor of "An Enemy to the King." "Philip
Winwood." etc.;* "Her Washington Expe
riences," by Anna Farquhar, authqr- of
"Her Boston Experiences," "The Devil's
Plough," : etc. ; "Back - to the Soil," by
.The following is the Interesting contents
of the Dominlcana for September: "The
Capitol on Wheels," by Sarah C. Burnett;
"By the Sea," poem, by Marcella A. Fitz
gerald; "In the Master's School," poem',
by Margaret E. Jordan; "Mrs. Dorsey's
Warning," by John Wilkinson: "Kather
ine E.' Conway." by Mary Sarsfield Gil
more: "Rabboni That I May See," poem,
by A. M. B. ; . "Blessed Catherine of Raco
nlgi, Virgin7;"Our Lady's Name." poem,
by Mary A. Conroy; "The Wild Flower,"
poem, by. Mary A. Gallagher: "The Story
of a California Indian" (chapters I and
II), by- Katharine Wallace.
"Tolstoy and His Problems: Essays by
Aylmer Maude," is a book which comes
at an opportune time as Tolstoy is prob
ably the most. talked about man to-day.
Mr. Maude having had the' privilege of
Tolstoy's friendship for many years Is
well accuainted with the views of the
great Russian novelist: he'.does not at
tempt to praise Tolstoy's ." views, but
merely explains them. When first issued
the essays were sent to Count Tolstoy,
who on four different occasions wrote ex
pressing his approval. Of the first essay
In the book he wrote, "I very much ap
prove of it. It Is admirably constructed
and what is most Important Is given."
The volume will be Issued on this side by
A. Weasels Company. .
Among Little, ; Brown . & Co.'s suc
cessful novels may be mentioned "From
Klngdomto Colony," by MaryDevereiix;
"A Dream of a Throne." by Charles Flem
ing Embree; "The Knights of the Cross,"
by Slenkiewicz; "The Parsonage Porch,"
by Bradley Gilman; "The Head of a Hun
dred," by Maud Wilder Goodwin; "Bal
lantyne," by Helen Campbell, and Mrs.
Dodd's new book; "The American Hus
band in-Paris." * v
Mrs. . E. L. Voynich, author of "Jack
Raymond," is the subject of the monthly
portrait and biography in September
Book, News. "Up at the 'Lotments" is a
short story taken from "Pastorals of Dor
set," by M. E. Francis; "The- Meanest
Man in America" is a chapter from C. F.
Pidgin's" forthcoming book, "Blennerhas
sett"; Dr. Talcott .Williams has his usual
talk on the more' important new books;
the Authors', Calendar is continued; there
are re vie w^ of the current magazines and
the best selling books of three cities are
given. John Wanamaker, Philadelphia
and New York. • -/;. W
Philip Verrill Mlghels. whose new novel
of adventure. "The Crystal Scepter," has
just been issued by R. F. Fenno & Co..
returned to America a few days since,
after a four years' residence in London.
"The. Crystal Scepter" is Mr. Mighels'
second novel.
Literary Uotes.
Students of Herbert Spencer's works
cannot fail to be interested in "Herbert
Spencer and His Critics," by Charies B.
Waite, A.- M. Mr.-Waite is highly appre
ciative of the works of the English philos
opher, and has, evidently . made him the
subject of the deepest study. In fact, an
excellent Idea of Spencer can be had by
reading this little book without the. task
of going over the more voluminous vol
umes of Spencer, himself. Mr. Waite is
clear and concise In his statements and
his reasoning is easily followed. (Pub
lished by Charles. V. Waite & Co., Chi
cago. Price. Jl.)
Herbert Spencer and His Critics.
"Here I remained till my fifteenth year,
spending all my' time in -zealously read
ing the . productions § of known authors,
such as 'Guak;. or, Unshakable Fidelity,'
'Andreas Fearnaught,' 'Jaschka the Cut
throat,' etc.. - '
'.'While I was serving as cook'sboy on 1
the steamboat the. cook... Smury, had
gained a powerful influence over my de
velopment. He persuaded me to read the
'Legends of the "Saints," Bcoarthausen,
Gogol, Gljeb Uspenski, Dumas pere . and .
various books on Freemasonry^
"Up to that, time I had been a sworn
enemy of all books and, of all printed, pa
per, even > including' my passport.' After
my fifteenth year I felt a passionate wish
to learn; in pursuance-, of .which I betook
myself to Kasan, : under .the | impression j
that knowledge would be imparted free
to all who desired it. It turned out, how-'
ever, that this was not the case ;^ so I
went to -work in a pretzel bakery at' a.
salary of '3 rubles a. month. '
"Of all the kinds of work I have tried'
"My father d'ed in Astrachan when I
was 5 years old. After the; death of my
mother .my grandfather /placed rhe'in'a
shoestore. . I .was then 9 years old, and
my grandfather had taught me fo read
in the Psalter, and prayer book.- I ran
away from my studies , and became a
draughtsman's apprentice; ran away from
him and entered the workshop of a paint
er of saints' images; then I served oh'a
steamer as a cook's boy; then I became a
gardener's assistant. :, -. • ' ¦ '-.
¦ "1 "was. born; on the 14th. of, March,
either in ,1868 or 1SG9, in Nijni Novgorod,
in the family of Vassili : Vassilzewitsch
Kaschirin, dyer, to his daughter ;Warwara
and'Maxim Sa-wwatjev''Pjeschkow, ,who,
according to his sign, was an upholsterer.
Thenceforth ,1'have borne' honorably and
without-a. stain'Uhertitler'of *a|member^qf ;
the ? g{nT<i : 'crf : aftJsts^-Jfiwas/bjaptlzed JSy 1 .
the/ nky&Jotj Alexei.. but in choosing fa
pseudonym ' I preferred rny/f ather's name,
Maxim." J* ? ;-.,'¦- •"¦.'.'%'¦¦' '.:' .' ' :¦ ]-¦[":..¦_:'
-. . "My : real name Is therefore "Alexei Maxi-"
mowitsch} Pjeschkow. /'•../¦ ¦-.:¦•
MERE Is. the. story of Maxim Gorky
jjFlS his own words. The now. famous
author of "Foma Gordyeeff" had,
. • as the world knows now, a bitter:
struggle in his younger days for bare ex
istence. It was written by him at the re
quest of- a Russian newspaper! and here"
it Is:" ''.. . - ¦":¦¦- . -. ¦ ¦ - ;;: ~ • > -.' . t-i
•It was then, too, that he met Vladimer
Korolenko. one • of the . most progressive
men of Russian letters, and was by him
introduced to real literature. Right here
begins ¦ Gorky's literary career, now so
well known to the world.
It was. then that he adopted the pen
name' of "Gorky,"- meaning; Vbltter,"- in
.tended to express his then attitude toward
life, for Gorky was of the down-trodden
and his was . the under dog's point of
: view. -.-.::'¦ ¦ ¦ •'.'¦.
A Russian, friend named Alexander Me
sodjewitsch 'Kaluschnl was the first to
suggest to him the Idea of writing, and it
took a powerful hold upon him. His first
attempts were crude, but notwithstanding
he succeeded In getting ~a; story entitled
"Makar Tschudra" published in a .news
paper as early as 1893. He was then at
Tiflis working in a machine shop.JHe gave
.up . his place • and tramped home, where
he wrote occasional stories and sketches
for the papers of his neighborhood.
¦"That was a turning point in my life.
Lanin's influent on my development was
immeasurably, great. I owe this culti
vated and grsat-hearted man more than
to any one else. But, however agreeable
I found life, with Lanin, where my soul
could at last find room to breathe. I was
again impelled to the, life of a tramp. And
I have trampe'i all over Russia. Where
hav* I not been! W^hat have I not seen
and suffered! What kind of. work have I
not done!" .
"I lay a long time Jn the hospital, but
finally,, recovered land" went Into the apple
trade. \ \ finally turned, my back on inhos
pitable, Kasan to try my liick in Zarizyn,
where JI got a^ob as a raUroa'd attendant.
Th'enl returned to- Nljnl, where I had. to
gq up for the army:' ;But.slnce^ they- cooldf
not; m^ke'iuse of fellows with holesin
their, bodies 1- escaped the fate\of b«com-'
ing a soldier." and instead became a Mu
nich beer, seller. I-^sobh thla
calling for. that of a clerk in the office of
Lariin; a lawyer of Nijni Novgorod.
this was the hardest. In Kasan I came
into relations with the 'Lost People' and
lived long with them. I worked in the
villages on , the Volga, now as a. wood
chopper,' now as a porter, and during this
time, read every book I could lay. my
hands on, which various kind people sup
plied ¦ me . with. I got' along • very badly,
and in 1888, even tried to kill myself by
shooting a bullet into my body.'.
MAXIM GORKY
Laird & Lee of Chicago have just issued
in dainty form "El Centlloquio," by San
tillana, the illustrious Spanish poet of the
early fifteenth century. The original text
has been reproduced In Spanish with only,
such changes as would make it easy read
ing for even a very inexperienced student
of the Castilian ! language. Notes and a
vocabulary complete all that concerns this
poem of one hundred stanzas. The "Cen
tiloquio," like Fenelon'c "Adventures of
Telemachus." was especially written as
a book of lofty, precepts for the education
of a royal prince; and in the richness of
its examples, th<* beauty of its moral ex
hortations, the grace of its comparisons,
it excels the effort of the teacher of King
Louis XIV's grandson/ , A cleverly com
piled collection of Spanish proverbs with
Englisn translations complete:* the vol
| ume. Copies, printed on special paper,
•'larger -size, were presented to the Queen
JRegent of SpalfH President McKinley and
"President Diaz (a special edition of three
copies only). "accompanied by appropriate
letters from editors and publishers.
(Cloth, polished top. red borders. $1.)
El Cantiloquio.
This father of Foma is a man "without
conscience, keen in business, a hard mas
ter, a hard drinker, a brute. He craves
a son that his vast possessions and name
may be perpetuated. By a second mar-,
riage Foma is born to his wife and Ignat
is delighted. The mother, a strange crea
ture of preoccupied mein. taciturn, and.
as Igr.at calls her. "a fantastic dreamer,"
dies at the birth of her son.
Ignat lavishes all his affection on his
son. It is the se'.fish affection of the per
petuation of self.
For a time Foma lives with the family
of his godfather, but at last comes home
to be under the care of his aunt. To him
his father is ever incomprehensible. He
cannot understand the great practical .
man of business who drinks and swears.
He likes him better drunk than sober,
for then he receives more of the animal
love of the brute parent and sees less of
the disagreeable merchant. His aunt de
lights him, for she appeals to the ideal
side of his nature -with her stories of
giants and robbers and princesses. Foma
has much of the sad-eyed mother in him.
He yearns for what he knows not, and Is
made happy with a promise from his
tiaddy that he shall go on a. trip on the
Volga.
To Foma'fi surprise, as far as he travels
everything seems the same. He meets
with none of the people of fairyland, but
in all the cities he rinds the first the same
as the last. He is ever seeking, but finds
not. His after life is very much like that
of the owl he chases in the ravine during
his school days.
"And in the ravine we scared up an
owl," related the boy. "What fun it
was! The owl flew out and went whack:
against a tree. It evep squealed until It
was really pitiful. But we scared him
again, and he rose again, and it was the
same thing ' all over — he flew and flew,
and then went bang into something
* * * so that his feathers were strewn
all around! He hovered and hovered over
the ravine, and he managed to hide him
eelf somewhere, and we didn't try to find
him any more, we felt so sorry for him—
he was all bruised—"
That is Foma's own life story told alle
gorically. He has no chance from the
start, for his life goes simply from bad
to worse. Ke feels and knows that there
is something wrong, but what it is ho
doesn't know. He despises the merchant
class and recognizes the evils in the
•world, yet he can suggest no remedy.
Before his father dies Foma is eent
away on a trip by himself in charge or
the boat. He is totally unfit for a busi
ness career. He tries to make friends of
the peasants, yet creates only enemies.
As he is rich and handsome he naturallv
falls an easy prey to the wiles of femin
inity and on this first trip alone in the
world he has an affair that appeals to
him seriously— so seriously that even his
first amour is touched by the queer guile
leEsness of the youth and instead of fleec
ing him turns to giving him good advice.
His next love is equally serious for
Foma. but just as badly misplaced. Still
here again the woman has mercy on him
and tries to appeal to his better side. He
ie naturally inclined to believe the best of
people and almost kills an official at the
club who makes disparaging remarks
about the character of this woman who
has juet been unkind and yet kind to him.
After the affair at the club he seeks re
lief from the mental problems that ha
rass him in drink and the society of dis
t*>lute people. . • ; _.'
His father and aunt are both dead. He
despises his godfather, another of the
merchant class, and refuses to be guided
by his counsels of "make money." After
a frightful debauch, in, which he sinks a
barge and nearly loses the lives of many
people, he tries . to get this , godfather to
take all his money and estates and let
him be free to go Into the world alone
and unknown. The old man. will not con
sent to this, but says- that If Foma keeps
on in the way he is going and | does not
reform he will have him put in an insane
asylum. This enrages the young Russian
to such an extent that be defies the old
man and but throws himself and hl»
money away the faster.
The climax comes when Foma is one of
Foma Gordyeeff Is the son of a rich
jnerchant, a man who has made his
money from his steamboats and by trad
ing on the Volga. Ignat. the father, is a
type of the rich merchant class of Rus
sia, according to the pen of Gorky.
Gorky has no love for the merchants, as
his bcok bears testimony, and he paints
Ignat in strong colors.
His work is great because It is so dead
ly serious; because it is a strange combi
nation of idealism, realism and poetry,
and because it is the cry, from the heart
of a men who has lived long and hard in
few years. There is not a lovable char
acter in the whole book. His women,
¦with two exceptions, are unmentionable.
Gorky's life is given on another part
of this page and is in itself a key to his
•writings.
"Foma Gordyeeff" is his first long
work. Gorkj' has already made a. name
for himself by his short stories of Rus
sian life and is now looked upon as a
coming writer of the Russias — one who
•will rank with Tolstoi and Turgenleff.
»j=^,EADIXG "Foma Gordyeeff" is
|L_j/ slightly suggestive of a trip
j^^ through the morgue, but even like
a visit of that kind it has its fasci
nations. Maxim Gorky, the author, tried
to commit suicide at one time In his
eventful career— possibly this accounts
for his extreme pessimism.
A new periodical" is being, published.by
the Modern Research Society of Chicago
that promises to be* of the greatest use
and assistance to all classes of readers.
This is the Current Encyclopeda, the
first publication of which appeared in
July. It is to be published every month
and six numbers will comprise a volume,
making two volumes each year. The pro
jectors have this to say of their; plan:
'"The Current Encyclopedia. 1 which will
be published in twelve numbers each
The Current Encyclopedia.
Again It rang out. but It was nearer now. .
"Taflm 1 ." they said in a low tone on deck.
"Tafimka!" • ....-• __.•.,¦._._.¦
"We-ell!" • . • •
"The devil! Get up! Take the boathook!" j
"O-o-o-o," groaned the sound close at hand,
and Foma, with ¦ a shudder, staggered away
from the window. ¦/ .
The strange sound floated nearer and nearer.
and increased In strength, sobbing and melting
away in the dense darkness. And on deck they
whispered anxiously:
"Tafimka! Do get up! A visitor Is coming!"
"Where?" rang out the hurried question —
then bare feet shuffled across the deck, a
bustle became audible, and past the boy' s face
two boathooks glided from above and almost
noiselessly plunged Into the thick water. ¦_
"A vl-i-si-tor!" came a moaning cry near at
hand, and then came a feoft but very strange
splashing of water.
The boy quivered with terror at this mourn-.'
ful cry. but could not tear his hands from the T
window and his eyes from the water.
"Light the lantern— we can't see at all."
"Immediately."
Then a spot of troubled light fell upon the
water. Foma caw that the water was surging
gently and a ripple was running over -it. as
though it were in pain and were quivering with
ansrulsh.
"Look — look!" the men on the deck whispered .
in terror..
At that moment In the circle of light upon
the water there appeared a huge, dreadful face,'
with grinning white teeth. It floated and
rocked on the water. Its teeth were aimed
straight at Foma and seemed to be saying to
him, with a smile:
"Eh, my lad. my lad. 'tis co-old — farewell!"
The boathooks trembled, rose in the air and
then descended into the water and began cau- ]
tiously to push into something.
"Guide It— guide it — look out — it will get into
the paddle-wheel."
"Give it a shove yourself."
The boathooks slid along the bulwark and
caught hold of the thing simultaneously, with
a sound like the gnashing of teeth. Foma could
not close his eyes as he stared at them. ' The
clatter of feet as they tramped along the deck,
overhead, gradually withdrew to the bow. And .
then again rang out that moaning sound, like
a funeral dirge: /_
-•"A vl-i-igitor'."
"Daddy 1 ." shrieked Foma in a ringing voice.
"Daddy!"
His father sprang to his feet and ran to him.
"What is it? What are* they doing out
there?" screamed Foma.
Ignat. with vast strides, rushed out of the
cabin, yelling Favagel}'. He soon returned, be
fore Foma. tottering and gazing around him in
terror, had got from the window to his fath
er's bed.
"They have frightened you — -well, never
mind!" cald Ignat. taking him by the h.-yvi.
"Get into bed with me."
"What is it?" asked Foma, softly.
"Nothing, my son. It was a drowned man.
A man has been drowned and was floating —
it was nothing. Don't you be afraid; he has
already floated away." i
"Why did they shove him?" the boy per
sisted In his questions, pressing close to his
father, and covering his eyes to keep out the
terror.
"Why— because it had to be done. The water
would drive him Into the paddlewheel— our
•wheel, for example — and to-morrow the police
would spy it out — and there would be a row
and questions, and they would detain us here.
So they helped him to Journey farther. What
difference do*s it make to him? He's al
ready dead — It doesn't injure him, it doesn't
hurt his feelings— but he would have made
trouble for the live people. Go to sleep, my
son."
"And so he is floating away?"
"Yes. he is floating away— they'll fish him
out somewhere, and bury him."
"And. won't the fishes eat him?"
"Fishes don't eat human flesh — crabs do.
They are fond of It."
Foma' s terror melted away at the contact
of his father's warm body, but the dreadful
face with the grinning teeth still rocked on
the water- before his vision. !
; "And. who was he?"
"God knows. Tell God about him; say. 'Oh.
Lord, give rest to his 3oul.' "
"Oh, Lord, give rest to his eoul." repeated
Foma In a whisper.
"There, now— go to sleep; have no fears. He
is far away already. He is floating along—
and, see here: be careful not to go too close
to the Bide of the boat — you might -fall '•¦
which God forbid— Into the water — "
"And did he fall overboard?" ' \. ''.'.*';..¦;';•'
"Of course— perhaps he was drunk— and that
was the end of him! Perhaps he threw himself
in. There are men who — a man takes and
throws himself into the wat»r and is drowned.
Life 1« so arranged, my dear boy. that death
in sometimes a festival for a man; and for
all It 1h a blessing."
"Daddy ... . "
• "Go to sleep, go to sleep, my dear boy!"
X B. G. LATHROP.
The long-drawn cry rang out from afar and
ended In a sort of moan. Now some one walked
across the deck to the side of the steamer.
"O- o o."
that will make him.
. His writings have already brought him
into trouble with the Russian Govern
ment. He has been in prison seven or
eight times. In fact it was in prison that
he received the letter of Messrs. Scrlbner
& Co. proposing terms for the publication
of the present volume.
- < • • • • ¦ / .
Out of the materials offered by the
amusing and aggravating events which
take place r in a household when it de
pends for its continuance upon frequent
visits to the intelligence office Mrs. Ward
has given a faithful picture of the state
of affairs which exists to-day in an aver
age, American home..
Mrs. Ward seems to See clearly the dis
advantages under which labor both mis
tress and maid, and not only points them
out, but offers some thoughtful sugges
tions for their removal. (Published by
Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston. Price
$150.); ; . V '¦¦
The troubles of the American house
keeper have been made the theme of an
amusing book by .Elizabeth Stuart Phelps
Ward. Mrs. Ward has chosen for her title
the suggestive one. "The Successors of
Wary the First." The first Mary is one
of the treasures not very often found in
households. For thirteen years she is the
maid-of-atl-work in a family in one of
the Eastern cities. During tn.ijJ time, un
der her management, the. homt^hich her
presence blesses Is", an abode of peace,
quiet and orderliness. But Mary marries,
and then the trouble begins for her mis
tress.
The Successors of , Mary the First.
If the present high ' standard of excel
lence of "The Current Encyclopedia.", is
maintained there will be very few readers
and students who" will feel that they /can
afford to be without it. Its scope is world
wide.' One feature that- will- be found
valuable is the concise biographies of liv
ing history makers, the distinguished
characters of our own land and other
countries. Each monthly • issue will also
contain obituaries of eminent men and
women recently deceased. It is to be is
sued about the 15th of every month and
will contain all information up. to the 1st.
The single numbers contain from 128 to 160
quarto pages (size 7^x10% inches), making
about 1600 pages per year. The price pur
year, prepaid, is $5. ¦ . . :
The illustrations form no small' part in
the interest of the periodical.' '¦ They are,
for the greater part, excellent half-tone
reproductions of photographs. ' ...
The better to under stancH the scope of
the work as indicated let us look at the
contents of the present ¦ issue under" the
letter A: .A. C. True, Director of Experi
ment Stations, Washington, writes of the
United States Department of Agriculture;
there is a brief article and illustration of
M. Santos-Dumont's airship ¦ that - at
tempted* o'n July 13 to win the prize at
Paris: Kenry Gannett, geographer. United
States Geological Survey, has a • most in
teresting illustrated article on Alaska;
Eugene Parsons, A. M., writes of Argen
tina, that was reported in July tobe on
the verge of a revolution, and-H. AJ
Hqwe,-'A:M., Sc. D., director of Chamber-
Hn Observatory," brings the affairs in the
heavens up to date by a paper on. astron
omy.-. That is merely the contents under
a single letter of the alphabet and~ja.ll the
others are treated with the ;-same care
for completeness i J .. v r '.
The arrangements of the subjects in al
phabetical order is most 'convenient. .This
work will take the place of the- annual
encyclopedias ; just as the' annuals have
taken the place of the extended works al
ready "published. In this age so much is
happening from day to day; that the book
of last year devoted to the task of keeping
abreast of the times in history and* science
is soon well behind. This "plan brings the"
reader directly up to date on all subjects.-
, Judging from the August number, which
is before *us,and from the announcements
for the September number, the Current
Encyclopedia is In every way a most com
mendable; work and will soon be ,
comed by busy and intelligent readers.
The long list of contributors is in itself a
guarantee, as each name stands high, in
the various branches of learning that they
have given a special study. r
"It Is the intention of the publishers to
make the Current Encyclopeda a, treas
ury of information, political, statistical,
biographical, scientific, literary, religious
and educational. Its value will be . in
creased by maps,, portraits and other il
lustrations. It is. believed that this is a
unique literary undertaking, in. that 'it
combines the features of a periodical and
a reference book. The task of reading all
the leading publications :: of ; the world,,
that is admittedly too great for any. one
man, will be undertaken by' the staff of
editors and contributors. It will be their
aim and endeavor to cull out the/valuable
and- omit the unimportant;- in r all' cases
seeking the original sources of yeriflca-
tion of facts: and figures to insure abso
lute reliability." Every article will be writ
ten especially jor this work." '.¦¦•'•.
year, is to have every issue complete in
itself, with the subjects arranged''alpha
betically from A- to Z. By binding six
numbers into a volume at the -end of the
half year the publication serves thedouv
ble purpose of a monthly and a semi-an
nual. A full index will be published in
each issue and a general index at the
close of each volume. The purpose is not
only to make the work. a storehouse of
facts but to make it a convenient refer
ence book by the alphabetical arrange
ment of subjects and by the use of in
dexes and cross-references. Thus ! the
reader may easily find the information for
which he is looking: ./...-• : -
This first work of Gorky Is powerful
enough .to show that we may expect great
things from this Russian writer. , At
times he Is coarse, but it is the coarse
ness of sincerity and strength, and you
pass it by without notice. He writes for
those who know the world— not for the
youthful mind. < . ' '-,*'¦ -"»:••'
Below is an excerpt from the life of
Foma as a little boy on his father's boat.
It is complete in itself and will give an
Idea of Gorky's virile style. Often his
threads of story are broken, .showing the
writer so full of his subject that his
thoughts pour. from him entirely without
control. It is this fullness,, vigor and life
Foma Crordyeeff is the type of man who
recognizes the wrong In the- world, but
has not the brains to suggest a remedy.
The- truth to him is like the light to the
owl; he seeks for it only to batter his
brains out on obstacles he cannot see nor
understand.
Three years later we find him at lib
erty, but half-witted, drunk nearly all of
the time and living on a relative who
gives him this much from his confiscated
estates. ' . , •
a, party of merchants to take a pleasure
trip on "the launching 'of , a new boat.
When the festivities are at their height
he stands up and denounces all of the
merchants— collectively at first and then
individually,' when he sees that its effect
amounts to nothing. .He calls them all by
name and goes into their various sins in
detail. This is his nearest approach to
greatness, but even here he is doomed to
failure. He but succeeds in enraging the
men by his insults and soon finds himself
a captive and on the way to^the insane
asylum.
• ¦ ' . - ; .."/;. . Sunshine Books . ¦-
. The "Sunshine ¦ Books" '. comprise six
diminutive cloth, volumes, very neatly
bound and put in Va little red case that
opens out like a little, trunk. -They would
make a fine present for any. youug girl or
boy.' These little volumes are the outcome'
of. the Sunshine Society of New York, that ,
has 20.000 members banded together, all,
over the Union to give the word of good
cheer, if possible, just at the right time. ;
All taken together do not make a mat
ter of protracted reading, but. though Bar
netta .Brown, the 'author, has not used.
many words she has said a- great deal
that is -to the point. .. Each book is an^
essay, or set of essays, on one subject and
complete in itself. The titles cover ."Ex
perience,"- "Soul Growth," "The Heart's
Desire," "Men. Women, and Loving,"
"Worry and Cheer", and "A Dip in the
Pool.' v They are published by the Abbey
Press. New York. The price of the set of
six books in the case is $1 50..
"eventually, unravels the curious mystery
that shadows this man's life. Itjs an ex
cellent story of a thief taking a thief.
(Published by F. M. Buckles & Co., New
York. Price, $1 25.) :
' ! The Corsair King.- v v
In "The Corsair King," by Maurus
Jokal, you will find a pirate story of the
real old blood and thunder sort—some
thing on every. page to make your. blood
curdle. \ The Corsair King is a young man
who leaves his promised bride and family
to seek his fortunes on the high seas." His
ship is taken by pirates and he himself is
made a captive, but refuses to join the
rdhber band. * -
Finally, in one of their many fights, he
sees a fine man-of-war fly from their ship
when it is superior to the pirate craft in
both men and guns. He had hoped to be
rescued by this vessel, and so upon, its
retreat he curses her men for cowards and
forthwith joins the band of sea robbers.
In time he is made the captain of the
pirate ship and his name is more feared
on the seas than that of any other. At
one time he returns to visit his family for
a period of hours and renews his vows
with his beloved, but of course drops no
hint of his vocation. ,
This love of the Corsair King is the one
thread of gold that weaves in its purity
through a tale of grim murders and black
horrors. Whether the pirate reforms In
time to marry the maid of his choice or
dies fighting under the black flag is for
Maurus Jokal to tell the reader.
The story shows all the characteristic
strength of Jokai's pen and is rather a
departure in choice of scene from his
usual writing. It Is a good book for
train reading when you have an hqur or
two journey ahead of you with no better
company than yourself. (Published by L.
C. Page & Co.,- Boston. Price, $1.) ¦ ¦
They nil . my', two churches— at". Kalawau • and
Kaulapapa— f rom morning till night, * and pour
forth their prayers .to God with an ardor that
.would make some Irreligious blush.' ,* ,'. * I
was a little annoyed "at seeing, my last' letter
printed in the Annales Catholiques.. ( Once for
all,'; let 'me tell you, I don't like that' done. I
want, to be' unknown! to the world, and now
I . find, that'll am being . talked j about on all
sides, 1 'even In Sometimes I i am in
clined to envy my -poor, sick Christians, ; when
I administer; the last sacraments to them and'
bury them. "^During the winter,, I worked hard
to enlarge niy church and builcl a pretty tower.
Manual .work la very good for my health, and ¦
I. feel well and. happy among my sick people.
• ¦*_-;• I have now been nearly seven ." years
among . the lepers. During that long period
I have had the opportunity of closely observ
ing 'and, as it were, touching, with my hand,
human misery under. its most terrible aspect.
Half .the people- are, like living/corpses which
the ,worms p : have already begun to devour, , at
first Internally.'- afterward externally, until. the
moet loathsome wounds are formed, which very
-'rarely, heal." ¦ ' ¦•:'.. _ ; - ;
(From "A Plea for Parody," by Perci
val Pollard, in the'Se'ptember Bookman.)
I hate the slang. I hate the personalities.-
I loathe the aimless, reckless, '1oo3e dispersion
Of every rhyme that in the singer's -wallet 19,
I hate it as you hated the Excursion.
But, while no man a hero to his valet i».
The hero's still the model; I indite
The kind of rhymes that Byron oft would write.
Mr. Lang's little volume. "Letters to
Dead Authors,*' is, in. a way. the finest
collection of prose- parodies we posses:*.
For here, in these various letters,;, to
Rabelais, to Herodotus,, to Lucian, to
Theocritus, to Djckens, to Thackeray, to
Austen, to Dumas and various others, we
have what seems the highest point any
English writer has yet reached in the art
of subtly parodying the essence of a style.
Mr. Lang's prefatory admission of the
parodic nature of his book is in the vein
of apology; he avers that "It Is, perhaps,
superfluous to add that some of the Jet-,
ters are written rather to suit the corre
spondent than to express the writer's own
taste of opinions." Which is a neat and
modest manner of phrasing one of the
cardinal laws of parody. Mr. Lang, of
course, while ever memorable for ths
scholarly skill he has brought to the art
of parody, Is too much concerned with,
the classical to serve as aught save ,a
somewhat lofty standard for the militant
parodist of this young century. There is
little of the militant In "Letters to Dead
Authors." To be sure, there •was the epis-^
tie to Lord Byron. So true a note of'
properly militant parody i3 struck here ..
that I must, for the sake of quoting a V
single stanza, break my Intention to leave
poetry out of these pages. Not even Wil
liam Ernest Henley nor any equally ar
dent admirer of Byron can refuse a smile.
to lines like these: ;
This kind of writing is my pet aversion, -
Alike from the standpoint of letters as ¦«
of art the September- Critic seems a note- (
worthy issue. In Professor Lewis E.
Gates' paper on Professor Saintsbury'a
"History of Criticism." will be found
much that is absorbing, both regarding
Professor Salisbury's method of treat
ing his subject and touching the functions
of criticism-'in general. Mr. Havelock
Ellis' article entitled. ¦¦'Electra and the
Progressive Movement in Spain," shows
in its true light" the relation of Galdos*
mtch discussed play to the general asser
tion of political and literary vigor which
is now making itself felt in Spain. "The
Te*t of Culture." Gerald Stanley Lee a
second paper in his series on "Literary
Drill In College," is even more helpful
than its predecessor and is full of sug
gestion for teacher and pupil. One of the
most significant of the shorter articles la
Joseph B. Gilder's appreciation of th©
poetry of William Vaughn Moody. Gilder
gives Mr. Moody the highest rank among
the younger poets of the day, a title which
is awarded in all discrimination and sin
cerity. Quite in accordance with the
Critic's record of introducing Russian au
thors to the American public, is Herbert
Trench's note concernins Dmitri Mere
jkowski, whose trilogy of historical. novel 3
has recently become so popular in Rus
sia and on the Continent. Among the il
lustrated articles are Henry Shelton's re
view of "The Comic Paper in America"—
enlivened by many rare covers, title pasres
and cartoons. George A. Aitken's article
on Swift's "Journal to Stella." introducing
a reproduction of Miss Dicksee's charm
in? painting, and M. Paul Bourgefa study
of "Victor Hugo, Romancler." printed in ¦<*
French and enriched by Bryden's wood
cut of the great poet, dramatist and
novelist. Minor article. 5 ? by Rev. Dr. Charles
James Wood on Augustus J. G. Hare's
reminiscences, by R. V. Risely on "The
Decadence," reviews of popuar novels and
William Archer's Interview with W. S.
Gilbert, complete the purely literary fea
tures of the current number. In the way
of pictorial material there are in addi
tion striking portraits of Tolstoy. Robert
¦I ouis Stevenson. Pierre Lot!, James Whit
comb Riley and James "Pryde.
A. C. McClurg & Co. are about to pub
lish a new edition of Henrik Jaeger's crit
ical biography of Ibsen.. William Morton
Payne, the translator of this book, has
prepared a supplementary chapter deal
ing with the six plays that Ibsen has pub
lished since the biography was written in
1S8S. The book thus contains a critical and
descriptive account of the entire literary
work of Ibsen, and constitutes the. only
authoritative treatment of the subject in
the English language. Since Ibsen's pro
ductive activity is now probably at an
end. the biography in Its present form
may be considered definitive, and should
find a place in every collection of the
standard works of modern literature.
The publishers. Doubleday, Page & Co.,
have tf ust Issued a unique poster for Kip
ling's forthcoming novel. Inserted in the
center is an actual book— in every respect,
save in the number and the printing of
the pages, a volume of "Kim"; the leaves
are blank and unprinted. but the cover is
the same that will appear on the regular
edition. The poster itself is in symbolism
of the River of the Arrow, and in the cen
ter Is the Bow that drew the Arrow over a
shadow map of India. Below in quaint siV
houette is "The Little Friend ef All the
World"— Kim— arid the old Tibetan lama,
jqurneying toward the snows of the Him
alayas.
Bradley Gllman, author of "The Drifting"*
Island." 'etc.; "My Strangest Case." » #
Guy Boothby. author of "Dr. Nicola*"
"That.Beautiful White Devil." etc.: "Jar
vis of "Harvard," by R. W. Kauffman, lit
erary editor of the Philadelphia Press; "A
Gentlewoman of the Slums," by Annie
"Wakeman.
THE SUNDAY CALL;
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
4
"WORTH READING." '
FOR THE , BLUE
AND GOLD
A Tale of Life at the' University of
California.
By JOY, LICHTENSTEIN
$1.50 Net
"X rattling good story of undergrad-
uate life. Its work and lta play. There
are scores of healthy, plucky, fun-lovtnsr,
sturdy young Americans who keep the
Interest at a glow from start to finish.
It Is a book that should be read by all
college graduates, by alt In college and
by those Intending to enter college."
—•New Orleans Picayune.
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publisher,
,126 Post Street,
San Francisco, Cal.Against the sky watching the prisoners'
.Sullivan had .'worked (steadily in the
navy," from the time? he was a boy.' and
f ro"m -beneath it, ' in , muffled tones; "What
are you «. pulling .that knot so ".tight for?"
but'.before he. had finished the-words the
trap sprung -beneath^ him' and < the; body
Collins came, third ana -last,, tor his dad
been the greater crime "and It was fit that
he should: take the most punishment. •» He
looked wanderingly ,~ shif tingly about. L */
Patrick Joseph" Sullivan stabbed- his
wife' until^ there were nine mortal wounds
upon her body. ; A good subject for the
hangman all would say.- But Lunt thought
not so. It was the first of his experiences
which; started him to thinking, kept him
pondering as he sat up in his lonely lower
As he dropped the ". wide-open noose
over Sing's head that good-natured brown
man called loudly to the. guards around
who had treated him. so kindly: .."Good-,
by alia man; allee men,' good-by." Sing's
bones 'are now in China. V
Lunt said it was always .hardest .to
hang, a man who showed fair red blood
in his cheeks. .. ¦ ¦'"- : •¦; ';. V ¦%">"»".
A Chinese highbinder, Ah Sing, one of
the Suey Sing Tong, and a man who knew
how to die. Besides he was yellow]
The second was also easy.
. "Perhaps," said Lunt, "they reminded
him of- his first pair and the/boyhood days
associated with them.".
Contrary to the usual custom this In
dian refused to take any stimulant, and
by special request was allowed to die and
be buried with his boots on. What was
his strange idea in. this no one ever knew,
but his last. gaze as Lunt dropped the
noose over, his head was down at his
precious boots, and as the black cap
slipped over his face they were the last
sight of his life.
•'Warden Hale executed the decree of. the
court expeditiously. with much tact and
in a'most formal manner." \
It made the work of the tyros simple
and expeditious, so much so that the
comments, as reported .in a paper of the
day, were: "A- perfect hanging." "A
very neat job."- VA. splendid hanging."
His first experience was, : fortunately
for him. an easy one. The hangee was an
American. Very much, indeed an Ameri
can, for he was. half American Indian,
and faced his fate with the quiet unas
sumed stoicism which was bred in the
bone. / ¦' ¦'¦* .- " VvJvW; '.-'.,
As it was in the' hands of these three
fates that Lunt left the life of a prisoner,
after placing the noose, he always felt
that he was morally free from any part
In the actual taking off, any more than
the Judge who tried or the Sheriff who
kept and conveyed them.
At the back of the platform,. on one
side, comes up a flight of thirteen steps;
on the other side is the box in which, the
Invisible Three are hidden. The strand"
upon whicn the man's life rests pass
through this box, but' no one knows
which Is which. Each of the, cords as it,
is cut allows a cannon ball to drop. One
of the cannon balls jerks the bolts which
holds the trap in place, and at the same
time gives the trap a violent downward;
pull. The men are sent into this box be
fore any other persons are allowed in the
room and do not leave until after they'
have all departed, so that they are for
ever unknown except to each other and
to the one who drew their names.
came out with $8900 In gold. Met Deanl*
Taylor, a dive'waitress, and married her
to reform. her, because^ he loved her. It
worked the other way. She got him to
start a saloon. Then , she -.'went ; wrong ¦:
again. t He took her -out in the country
and bought a farm where they could live
happily, free from city wickedness] " She
got lonesome and 1 he gave her a lot 6t
money to come to the city for a visit.
She came and staid with an old friend.
Again, he took her back 'and bought' her '
a city house and furnished it. One night
he came home, found the furniture sold,
the wife gone with another and a note
left saying that she had gotten every
thing that he had, that she had no more
.use for him, and for him to leave her
alone... l5e found her and gave her nine
fatal, stabsr Because he loved her 7, • '
Sullivan wanted to die gamely. He made
a little speech before he : died. Not ; to
defend himself, but to say to others:
- "Leave women, wine j and . song alone.
That is why I. am here." He then asked
•the, privilege of being allowed to place the
noose over his own head, but it was
whisperingly explained, to him" by Lunt
-. that his arms would ' have /to be strapped.
"Don't draw them so tight, then,"/ he.
eaid. ; "I will not kick." .
I The noose wiis' put on his head and
pui the cap went on his face there came
""Didn't I tell you I'd .die -game?" said
Azoff, < as the black cap and the tighten
ing noose, cut off utterance. He was a
giant in strength and the drop," although
more than usual, did not kill him. For
thirteen: minutes he fought and struggled
on the end of the rope like &. trout on a
line and nearly burst loose the heavy har
ness strap which bound his arms.
Azoff | and Collins had both heard the
drop and m fact every little sound con
nected with Garcia's "hanging, and Lunt
was much pained whenever the least
audible noise was made. It seemed to
cut him like a knife, and he was fierce In
his commands to those '¦ who were guilty
of the least negligence, for there was
nothing^ but a board partition between
the two rooms and he knew what suffer
ing it inflicted upon the remaining pris
oners, for. he realized that even the dull
est and most insensible of men become
keenly conscious in that supreme moment
of ;. their lives which precedes the 'close.
' No sooner was he In his coffin and Idly
staring at those on whom he had smiled
but ten minutes before than a new rope
was brought from the stretching room,
tied In its place, tested by tire dropping
weight and all was ready for the next. ¦
It seemed like a long day's work to
hang three men, and lest something might
happen, a trap break or unexpected
troubles occur, an early start was made.
At 6:25 the procession came out of the
door, leading from the death chamber.
Two priests chanted the service for the
dead." Garcia when up on the platform
nodded and smiled at the two prisoners
who had been detailed as undertakers,
spoke, pleasantly to Lunt and laughed at
the rest, who were showing nervousness,
lie had Castilian bjjpod and dared face
: death. '<: i, :' ; Mu :'~\ V s ¦;< '-/-kii \
Hay. Even with all this, one of the pris
oners managed to get his head under the
blankets, tie a shoestring around his neck
and nearly choke himself to death. Azoff
¦ was more carefully searched,, and it was
found that he had broken open one of his
shoes from the inside, taken out. the little
steel spring which supports the instep,
sharpened it Hke a razor and would have
very successfully performed his own ex
ecution. His shoes were taken from him
and - he marched to the gallows in slip
pers, ; _ which custom has been since fol
lowed. '
¦norttirough the blacK square.
\ June 7. 1S55, was a trying day for Lunt.
There -were three ¦ executions*, set for It..
Three men to hang!
¦Fortunately, they .were not the kind of
men about whom he need be squeamish.
Kmilc ' Garcia 2 had • cut a Frenchman's
throat in. San Bernardino. A. Azoff had
killed Len Harris. P. J. Collins had mur
dered his Janitor wife to get drink money.
There were six men on the death watch
over these prisoners, for It was' known
that Azoff had been boasting that he
would cheat the gallows. ' -
The death chambers in which they were
confined were wooden cages in the middle
of- an open room. Nothing in them but
mattresses on the floor and. bedding on
that. A bright gas jet burned high near
thecelling. Outside two locomotive head
lights cast their powerful rays into the
cells, s'o that they were brighter than.
After the stretching rooms comes the
one In whic^i the gallows is erected. A
platform perhaps twelve feet square, but
little more than the height of a man's
head from the floor, toward the front of
the platform, two traps, side by • sid*.
Above them the stout beam from which
two nooses are dangling. In the noose is
a round cylinder of wood, three or four
inches in diameter. "Just the size that
a man's neck reduces to when hanged,"
explains the assistant hangman.
It looks painfully, very painfully small,
and makes one wiggle the head a bit
Just to feel the Joys of freedom. Sus
pended to the block of wood Is a weight
box, with the weight in it equaling th&t
of a man. It is dropped jut>t before the
xnan Is, to test things. . , . .
¦
gone, the twist Is gone, and when the body
drops It stays. It does not spring up and
down, or turn round and round. It stays
very still, which is much easier on. the
nerves of the spectators.
dred pounds of brick. This heavy weight
is kept stretching the rope until it is
wanted at the scaffold.
There are at present, as at all times,
three ropes thus being stretched at San
Quentin.
As soon as one is used another is put on
the stretcher.
So sure Is the hangman of his game.
Beware! men who* are planning crimes.
The ropes are stretching in hangman's
hall.
The assistant hangmen rub and pat
those ropes, while they are stretching and
hardening. Just as a hunter pats (the bar
rel of his tun.
The test of a rope when it Is ready for
hanging a man is that it must have no
more stretch In it. It must be "dead," as
Lunt used to call it. Then the stretch Is
made fast and the other has a box at
tached to it which is filled with three hun-
through pulleys in the ceiling. One end is
pany. While corporations have no souls,
it seems that they have superstitions and
for that reason the rope works, while will
ing to make the rope, steadily refuses to
take any pay, believing that a "hoodoo"
would attach to money which had the
taint of blood upon it.
The rope is about three-quarters of an
Inch in diameter and Iooks much like or
dinary manila, only that upon feeling it Is
found to be singularly soft and pliable,
although the fibers of which it is com
posed are as strong as catgut.
When a fresh coll comes' from the rope
walk lengths are cut from It and rove
O-f MOS LUNT. wno slipped the noose
f I ovc 'i" the heads of a score of Cali-
I *ornia'*s murderers, is confined, in
J^ the Insane asylum at Napa, a vic
tim of melancholia. They say hi*
life is fast ebbing away in the de
lirium of a madman's cell.
It -was a curious combination of cir
cumstances that turned a mild-mannered
Massachusetts boy int.. official hangman
of a wild Western State. All his life he
had boen a clerk or bookkeeper, unused
to manual labor: health failing from con
finement and an injury which he had re
, ceived, he was advised by his physician
to refrain from all active work and take.
plenty of exercise in the open air. The
position of policeman just filling these re
quirements he exerted sufficient political
influence to secure himself that occupa
tion in Santa Cruz. The place threatened
io fail there, and in return for more pj
} Htical services he was appointed as a
guard at San Quentin. .
Hale was then Warden, having Just
taken his position. It was his nemesis,
a sword of his forging swung above h'is
head by forces over which he had no con
trol.
Hale hated hanging.
He would not willingly kill a chicken for
his own breakfast.
He had for years been Sheriff of Ala
meda County and liked everything about
the office except the hanging duties which
It entailed. He had a powerful clique of
friends, won by his urbane manners.
He used his influence to relieve himself
of the duties of hanging by 'having a bill
passed through the Legislature which
provided for ail hanging to be done at
San Quentin.
Kale was happily rid of hangings.
Then came one of those revolutions
•which upset things political. One night
on the eve of election some very young
men took it into their heads to run things
and they did. The next day Hale had
been defeated at the primaries in his can
didacy for the office of Sheriff, but later
on the place of Warden was offered him.
He took it and assumed ten times, a hun
dred times, the amount of the horrible
burden of hanging that he had endeavored
to escape.
Amos Lunt was the senior guard at the
-A prison. He sat in his lenely tower above
and in front of the main gate all day long
taking signals as prisoners came and
went. *As most responsible man theie
and one who was by his mild and quiet
manners best qualified to carry out War
den Hale's ideas of treating men kindly,"
he was selected to place the nooses over
the necks of the condemned.
The actual springing of the trap is done
by other guards. "Th<? Invisible Three,"
¦who, concealed from view, and- unknown
to all. cut the cords, one of which is
fatal. This duty, the actual hanging.
Lunt always sturdily refused.
He was willing to place the noose about
• the prisoner's neck, but for all that he
wouJd go the noose and man might stay
as they were till doomsday, so he ex
pressed it; he would never spring the
trap.
In order that the method of scattering
and concealing responsibility may be un
derstood, it will be necessary to explain
the workings of the death machine. The
gallows at San Quentin is on the fourth
floor of a large brick building and occu
pies, -with its various ante-chambers and
death cells, the entire space, which is
known as "hangman's hall."
Entering the building from an exterior
Cight of stairs, the' first- room Is the
stretching room, where tHe specially
made roue is cut in proper lengths and
stretched for month after month until
there is no morfe stretch or twist in it.
Much depends upon the ropa. Amos
Lunt's choice was for a special twist,
, made to order by the Tubbs Cordage Com-
long which was taken from the "necks of
one of the hanged men above referred to,
and those bits of rope will soon take an
other vaiuejn the eyes of their possessors,
for . Lunt • himself will soon have . passed
away. .
The hanging of William Young on Oc
tober 25, 1S95, closed what had been tha
busiest season that i the prison had ever :
seen. Young was the weakest nerved of
all. His head rolled and his knees stag
gered as he tried to go to his fate.
After all these, the banging of Chum
Sing, a highbinder from up in the Sierras,
was an easy matter, for he was sullen
and morose, and seemed unconcerned,
about his fate. F. C. Klosa, too, waa
easy, for he had killed a sleeping friend
while under the influence of liquor.
Harvey Allender of San Jose had mur
dered his sweetheart because he saw her
with another man, and had killed tha
other man, too. He tried to die game,
but he was Lunt's thirteenth man, and
it seemed a strain for both. of them.'
Durrant's execution was an event. Spe
cial wires had been run to the prison, so
that if a reprieve came there might be no
delay in getting it there on time." Men
were stretched, along the road to guard
the wires 'lest they be cut or tampered
with. Durrant had been reprieved again
and again, and another might come. '
Lunt was the last man In the funeral
procession when Durrant entered the exe
cution chamber. On the scaffold, just as
the noose was being slipped over his head,.
Durrant gave a look at the executioner,
which. Lunt interpreted meant that from
terror the words could not be spoken, but
he wished for time. It was given. Dur
rant made his speech, repeating again
and again his innocence.' -After a dra
matic pause the noose dropped, followed
by the black cap; a hand was raised, the
body- fell and hung motionless. "Very
successful," wrote the y hangman in the
little record book. -
George Clark of, Santa Rosa, who killed
his brother,' was the last man that Lunt '
assisted in hanging, and it must have
given • him, great satisfaction, if such a
mild-mannered man could take satisfac
tion in hanging even the worst "men.
-; There is. many a man in California who
can show you a bit of rope an inch or so^
Hansen's body was taken and cared fop
by. a Miss Peterson of San Jose, to whom
he was engaged. Ten physicians wera
present at this hanging— three for eauch
man hanged, and it was said that tha
other four were for the United States
Marshal in case he suffered from heart
failure. f'-£;'
A spectacular hanging was that of Han
sen and St. Clalr. alleged mutineers o£
the crew of the Hesper. They had been
tried for an offense on the high seas In a*
United States court and were sentenced
to ¦ be executed by the then Marshal,
Barry Baldwin.
Baldwin was a mild-mannered, tender
hearted man, and his nervousness j and.
terror were so pitiable that even the pris
oners felt sorry for him and asked that
he be not brought around lest their cour
age should fail as well as his. On tha
morning of the execution Baldwin rein- -
forced his spirits until he was able to get
to the condemned men's cell and read
their death warrants, but he mumbled
rather than spoke, and, partly supported
by Hale, he was assisted up the stairs.
¦Lunt and the man who helped him wars
not mated in speed, and for a full min
ute after Lunt's man was ready to b«
dropped the other was bungling with his
noose. At last . he was ready, but Bald
win was dazed and could not give the sig
nal. The muffled prisoners stood In
silence upon the traps. The wait seamed,
interminable. The gallows frame began
to shudder from the combined trembling
weight upon it and the tense condition of
all muscles.
The gallows frame rattled, and tbe*«
was every chance that the men would
faint from the suspense and the choking
of the rope about their necks. At last
some one out of pity for the men g&vo a.
signal and the traps fell together. ,
Freeman Smith, who was in the death
cell waiting his turn, made many Jokes
before Fredericks' hanging, but after it
was so upset .that he asked that none be
permitted to come to his cell.
Smith's own execution occurred In
August. He was much afraid that the
gallows would not be strong enough to
hold him, as he weighed 220 pounds.
When Lunt brought him Into th«
executing chamber he looked carefully
at the apparatus and finally concluded
that it was all right. But Smith had mis
calculated where weakness lay. It was In
his own neck, which was completely sev
ered except for one small cord. Long;
confinement in jail and prison had mads
him soft and flabby and the rope cut
through. This in spite of the fact that ha
was given but five feet of drop, whila
Fredericks had just had seven.
The miserable man glanced fearfully up
at the rope and then fastened his eyes
upon It and became oblivious of every
thing, j
He had. prepared his dying statement,
but had not memorized it "well enough to
carry him through the terror of the occa
sion and became stage-struck.
He* simpered like a schoolboy and
the -quiet Father Lagan prompted him
through his last speech.
As Fredericks shot out the last word,
"amen," Lunt dropped the noose over hla
head. <
' "Make It tight," said Fredericks, and
even as he said it his own weight did so.
Soon after the triple hanging of June
7 came that of Fredericks on the 28th oJ
June, 1S95, which was a. busy year for
the San Quentin gallows. Fredericks had
killed Cashier Herrick, quite bravely for
a murderer, as it was done in broad day
light, but he lost his grit, when he cams
to pay the penalty. Lunt helped him up
the steps, for he seemed to need the sup- .
port.
.Father Lagan, the Catholic priest of
San Rafael, who had gone upon the plat
form with him, spoke the few word*
which Collins had not tongue to say, but
had wished to appear as his death state
ment. Then the trap sprung: again and
Lunt walked away smoking a cigar.
"Quite cool,. isn't ho?" said the on
lookers.
Not so Warden, Hal©.
"While Azoft was going through his ter
rible death struggle a cousin of Harris
gripped Hale warmly by the hand and
thanked him for putting the slayer of
his. cousin out of the way. It shocked
Hale beyond measure to think how he
was looked upon. *¦}•'.'¦£'¦
5
TITE; SUNDAY CAX.L,:
THE HAUNTING OF AMOS LUNT-HANGMAN1T is a royal death to die by the hand
of an assassin.
The ¦word is derived from the name
of a band of Mohammedans, who
used secret murder of those in power
es a means to accomplish their ends.
From that time down it has been a mark
of di&tinction to be selected by them and
• their successors in method for extinction.
The assassin on'y glorifies the man
Whom he attempts to injure and injures
the cause which he foolishly seeks to aid.
It is a royal death, and from time when
the first man raised himself above his
fellows by superior attainment it has
been the custom of underlings of human
ity to make mortal marks of those who
chine most brightly.
Assassins make history, but history
makes no assassin famous. It is the de
light of the historian as of the reader to
forget the name of the man who commit
ted the deed, and double the glory of the
one who suffered. Oblivion is the best
punishment of the regicide and his repub
lican prototype who would slay Presl-'
dents.
Since the time of the killing of the first
President, Lincoln, there has been an
equal number of assaults on Presidents
and crowned heads. The killed Presidents
were Lincoln, Garfield, Carnot of France.
Borda of Uruguay and Barrios of Guate
mala, while attacks were made on Faure
and Diaz.
The score on the Kings' side of death's
register is an even tally with that of the
Presidents— five killed and two 'notable
attacks. The killed were Sultan Abdul
Aziz of Turkey. Alexander II of Russia.
Shah Kasr ed Din of Persia, Empress
Elizabeth of Austria and King Humbert
cf Italy, with two notable attacks— those
upon Alfonso of Spain and William I of
Germany.
There is a sinister evenness about it all
which, coupled with the smooth way that
things are planned to go in Russia, em
phasizes strongly the old saying about
the uneasy feelings of those who wear
crowns.
It Is usually the good and just rulers
who are attacked, rather than those iron
handed men who crush all beneath them.
While there is some uniformity in this,
there Is none In the class of the assas
sins. They act under all sorts of various
motives, but seldom with what even the
most unjust could call sufficient provoca
tion.
Of all assassinations from the time of
Julius Caesar down to the present day
there has never been one which seemed
half so terrible, so picturesque, so dra
matic as that of Alexander of Russia,
who was blown to pieces by a bomb on
the 13th of March, 188L
To begin with, he was the" mildest ruler
the country had ever known. He ha<X
liberated a nation of serfs, as had the
illustrious American who suffered the
Fame fate before him. Forty million Rus
sian subjects thanked Alexander for free
dom.
A sudden death, striking unexpectedly,
is more merciful, but that of the Czar
came on by degrees. From every side the
threats were pouring. If he traveled he
could not leave his car window open but
letters, black-bordered, fluttered in. warn
ing him of his destruction. When he ar
rived at his destination there were warn
ings upon the tables and warnings under
the pillows. When his valet brought him.
fresh linen there were more warnlngs v
tucked into the fresh laundered appareL
Every little while these warnings were
punctuated with a little comma of a
bomb, which fizzed and sputtered' out
under a carriage, or a vast mine wasfired
beneath palace or train.
The nerves of the Czar stood the strain,
but his wife, frightened to death by the
terrific surroundings, the death so sure,
yet so delayed, was slowly dying, yield
ing her life to the unseen power.
The first of the direct attempts to de
stroy the Czar was the one made just as
he was returning from a visit to Sevasto
pol, in the latter part of November, '79.
There had been two or three mines found
under the track before the train got to
Moscow, and fearing others, the officials
cf the railway determined to reverse the
usual order In which the Czar traveled
and put his train in front of the pilot
train which was run over the tracks to
test them, and incidentally carried tha
baggage. Just as the train of the Czar
entered Moscow there was heard a thun
der roar to the rear and it was found
that, as anticipated, the conspirators had
supposed the fated man to be in the last
train and had destroyed it.
From that time on until the death of
the ruler it was one continuance of
bombs, mines, letters containing poisons,
and all that destructive ingenuity could
plan to end life.
On 'one occasion, as told by the Prince
Alexander of Hesse-Darmstadt, he had
been invited to take dinner with the
royal family. Accident delayed him and
he arrived at the palace half an hour
late. He joined the party and they were
proceeding rapidly . toward his Majesty's
rooms, when suddenly there was a fear
ful thundering sound. The palace rocked,
the floors heaved as in an earthquake,
and all the lights disappeared at once!
The air was filled with dust and choking
fumes. The Emperor was, first to go to
ward the scene of. the wreck, which was
In the dining-room/ where all would have
been seated had not it been for the
Prince's delay. A large part of the floor
of the room had been caved away and
assuredly every one in it would have been
destroyed, as two servants who were
' there were killed, and- of thirty-two of
the Emperor's Finnish guard who were
i In the niiddle of the night the troops
were formed and . marched out and suc
" eeeded in passing two of the Spanish bat
teries unobserved, nor was It until they
had reached a deep ravine that they were
noticed, Over this ravine they built* a
bridge with ¦ hurdles : which the
had carried for the purpose. .A: sentinel
gave the alarm before he was cut' down.
As soon as the insurgents ; the
'bridge they were. attacked by both divi
sions of the Spanish force. . This had been
foreseen and orders given, should It oc-
Finally Morelos resolved to evacuate the
town. He succeeded in doing so In the
presence of a superior,, f orce by ¦ a ma
neuver so, peculiar- that it deserves spe
cial mention. . . ,
The siege lasted for several months, but
Cuautla held out manfully. The Span
iards attempted to cui off the water sup
ply, but the* plan was frustrated. •
Morelos was aware that all Mexico look
ed anxiously at Cuautla, -He determined,
therefore, to; defend. himself,' and he did
so with that gallantry for which he was
famous. . • ¦' ., •
ty-two leagues from the city. On this
occasion Morelos had the satisfaction to
see his negro levies meet the Spanish vet
erans with a firmness which realized all
he, had hoped. The Mexicans repulsed the
Spaniards, who fled precipitately. So
Completely was Calleja discouraged that
he wrote to the viceroy for a siege train.
His •request was immediately complied
with and reinforcements arrived.'
An expedition against Valladolld was a
failure.' The tide ;of battle", had turned.
One more glorious victory remained to
him. It was during this battle that the reg
iment of Asturias, which had been at Bay
len and- won there the cognomen of in
vincible, was cut off. This is not the only
instance in which reputations won in the
peninsular campaigns , were lost In Amer
ica. -The capture of this regiment, com
posed altogether of Europeans, was con
sidered to have finally destroyed the pres
tige of .-.- Spanish :. superiority which had
long trembled before the fierceness of the
attacks of Morelos. <• •
After completing the conquest of the
rest of the province he convened Congre33
and declared the independence of Mexico.
_Oaxaca . was /commanded by Briga
dier. Regules, who sought to defend it.
The artillery of the Insurgents soon si
lenced that of Regules,- but they were
unable to follow up their victory because
the city was surrounded by a moat full
of water, over which there was but one
bridge, and that was elevated and the
approach defended by the royalist Infan-
The besiegers paused, at this obstacle,
when Guadaloupe Victoria swam the
moat, sword in hand, and cut the. ropes
of the bridge. Thus the battle was won
and the capital and vale of Oaxaca taken
possession of by Morelos.
He then undertook the famous expedi
tion against Oaxaca, the most beautiful
spot of all Mexico. At that time there
were no roads In Mexico, excepting those
connecting the great cities, and the army
suffered many hardships on this march.
Meanwhile Morelos. after recovering
from a slight Injury, defeated three Span-'
ish divisions and made a triumphal entry
into Tehuacan on the 16th of September,
1812.' • ¦ ..
Calleja was for, a long time afraid to
enter Cuautla; when he, did it was to com
mit some fiendish outrages. Then he re
turned to the capital and tried to claim a
triumph, but rumor had preceded him and
every one knew that the victor had first
been defeated and then outwitted.
cur, for a general dispersion and to ren
dezvous at Izucar. #
So well was it effected that, like the
children of the mist, the patriots became
invisible. The royal troops, completely
amazed, began to fire on each other.
When the "lost army"- reached Izucar
there .were but seventeen men missing.
The army had dwindled down to 500.
Morelos got word that one of his faith
ful lieutenants had collected another SCO
men at Puebla, and he set out to join the
forces. In doing so he had to march sixty
leagues across a country in possession
of the royalists. His messengers were
captured, so that his friends did not know
his position, and the royallsta, having as
certained how feeble he was, attacked
him in a mountainous road. He ordered
Don Nicholas Bravo, who was hl9 aid, to
continue his march with the main body
of .the troops that they might escape ani
be an escort for the Congress. Morelos,
with a few men, endeavored to check the
advance of the Spaniards. Most of the
fifty men who remained with him aban
doned him when the firing became hot.
But he succeeded in gaining time for hi^,
men to escape, which was his great ob
ject.
The royalist3 did not venture to advance
upon him till only one man remained by
his side. He was then taken prisoner.
He had wished to end his days by a
proof of his devotion to his country,
worthy the most brilliant part of his ca
reer, but his story ended as did the final
chapter of every great patriot who fought
for the independence of Mexico—con
demned to death, degraded and shot.
-The only thing that he seemed to mind
was his degradation. It was a humlliat
.ing ceremony in itself, but rendered dou
bly so in his case by its publicity.
He was executed in the hospital of San
Cristoval in the City of Mexico. He con
fessed himself, and walked with the most
perfect serenity to the place of execution.
The short prayer which he pronounced
there deserves, to be recorded for its af
fecting simplicity: "Lord, if I have done
well, Thou knowest it: if ill. to Thy infi
nite mercy I commend my soul."
After this appeal to the Supreme Judge
he took the handkerchief which he ha
bitually wore bound around his head as a
relief from the headache and fastened it
over hi3 eyes. Tb.en he gave the soldiers
the signal to fire and met death with aa
much composure as he had ever shown
when facing it on the battle field.
The heroic days of the revolution ter
minated when Morelos disappeared from
the field, and the war of independenca
was almost over.
This was the dark period of the war.
Congress was driven from place to place,
but in spite of its wanderings continued
its labors and put forth the constitution
of 1814.
Matamoros, one of the bravest of tha
Mexican generals, was taken prisoner.
Morelos tried in vain to exchange him for
the prisoners of the Asturias, but Cal
leja, who was viceroy, was inexorable and
ordered Matamoros shot. Then the reb
els took a horrible revenge— all of their
prisoners were put to death.
THE STORY OF MEXICO'S INDEPENDENCE
(Continued from Page 1.)
While 'the Czar still' firmly adhered lo
his policy of going in public, the public
itself became frightened and dared not
go ; where the ruler went. If he signified
v There had In addition to these attempts
been a nearly successful explosion on the
landing stage at Odessa _-' which would
have destroyed- all travelers present as
well, as the illustrious one who was
marked. ' -.
• It was found; that nearly one hundred
and : fifty pounds, of dynamite had been
concealed, in a chimney of the dining
room .and set to explode at the supper
hour by a mechanism operated by clock
work, i "':.' V, . :. .'¦¦". • ¦ . -
'n a room below many were killed and
.wounded.
On Sunday, March 13, 1881. the imperial
carriage and its lonely occupant was slow
ly threading its way along the driveway
between the summer garden and the
Catherine Canal. A bomb was thrown
The dynamiters saw and made their
plans. The wife of the hunted ruler died.
They would blow up hearse, funeral and
all the mourners as the procession was
crossing the Neva bridge. The mine wa3
laid and ready to fire, but the night be
fore the Neva rose above its banks, flood
ed the aoproaches to the bridge and the
route was of necessity changed. One of
the conspirators was arrested and from
him it was . learned that the Czar would
never live to see Easter.
He began to travel about in an open
droschky, with only the coachman and
one Cossack as attendants. For con
venience in signaling 1 to the coachman a
stout cord was attached to hi3 arm and
led back to where it was within reach of
the Czar and a code of signals was ar
ranged by which he could instruct as to
directions and stops. •
brave men will take. The conspirators
might be either, alarmed by his boldness
or struck with admiration for it.
It was the one chance in a thousand that
out seriously hampering the conduct of
business in the cfty streets.
As he withdrew himself from public the
assassins became bolder, they invaded the
palace under every guise. There were
dynamiters among even .the guards them
selves. The sweeps who came in to clean
were dynamiters in disguise, the fire
lighters and the porters were dynamiters.
The health of the Czarina was breaking
more rapidly and Alexander saw'that he
was by his seclusion only drawing the
danger closer to the family he loved. He
was in the middle of his palace, in the
heart of his capital, with • his kingdom
about him. There was no safer place for
him' in the world. • Travel where he
might, his enemies would travel faster
and his protection would be less. He
saw that there was but one course.
To go out and .face certain death.
that he would attend a certain theater
immediately all who held tickets for it
would ~ have them canceled and altered
for another day. Such strict watch was
kept upon him that his life .became a bur
den.' He could taste no food until attend
ants had first eaten of it to ascertain if
«t contained poison. "When traveling the
cortege was so numerous and unwieldy
?*xat ha ¦"¦as almost unable to move with
" ' V I
There is on the part of the assailants
of rulers a singular fondness for attack
ing women, shooting men in the back or
in the stomach, or using scatter-wlda
bombs.
There is perhaps one surprising 1 thing
about it all, and that is that the Spanish
Americas have contributed but two killed
rulers to the entire list, although it la
the general and unthinking idea of most
people that the regular method of calling
an election In Central or South America
is by killing the President. Revolutions
there are without end or number. When
ever the bananas get ripe so that forag
ing is easy, then "Down with the Govern
ment" is the cry and away goes the
merry war. But it is a fair fight and tha
governments usually have the best of it.
as they have the most guns and the big
gest banana plantations.
Thus it is that in the latter half of this
century have been nearly all of the ar
tacks upon representatives of power. Tha
next on the list is the great world-stirring
shooting of Lincoln, and from that tima
on, as will be seen by the comparative
list in the beginning of this account,
rulers have fallen thick and fast, evenly
divided. President and - King, dead for
dead and wounded for wounded.
The first break in the regal peace was
the stabbing of Queen Isabella' of Spain
in 1852. In 18SJ an assassin opened fire on
the great Victor Emanuel. and King Fer
dinand of Naples was stabbed in ISoG.
Napoleon III was attacked by Orsini in
1858, and King Otho of Greece was shot
at in 1862.
But while sudden and terrible deaths
were to be expected in those pagan ages,
it is disagreeable to notice that durin?
the last century and particularly the last
part of that century and in the foremost
nations the crime of regicide is increasing
always more rapidly. A complete list oC
the murderous attacks, successful ar.ct
otherwise, of the present century will
show this. Beginning with 1800, JJapoieor*
was attacked while on his way to the
opera, the method being very much lika
that by which Alexander of Russia was
taken off. In the same year George lit
of England was twice the victim ot
actual attacks. From that time on it
seems as though the increasing power of
the great Napoleon held the whole world
in awe. Assassins held their breath white
he raged round, and for many a lona
year the stories of his bloody wars wer-C
enough to satisfy all men's taste for gore.
While he had no warning of his Im
pending fate, his wife, with her woman's
instinct, was strangely disturbed and
begged him not to leave her when re
quested to attend upon the Senate, for
when conspiracy is in the air forebodings
come in many minds.
under the droschky, partly wrecking It,
throwing down two horses, a Cossack and
a baker boy, who was on the sidewalk.
The Czar saw the wounded men, knew
that in the excitement they might >7be
neglected and allowed to suffer in the bit
ter cold, which was below zero. He or
dered the coachman to stop, but the man
had .'been previously instructed privately
by members of the royal family that un
der such circumstances he was to disre
gard his master's orders and drive with
all speed for safety. TheCzar now used
the cord en the coachman's arm to such
effect that he was compelled to stop the
horses and the kind-hearted monarch got
out of the droschky and went to attend
to the wounded. It was then seen by his
limping Rait ant! pale r drawn -face that he
had himself been wounded. As he started
to return to the carriage another bomb
was thrown by a man who had been
posted further clown the driveway an«l
came up to see what had been the result.
This second bomb completely blew off one
leg of the fated ruler and shattered the
other to the hip. As he sank backward
against a railing of the Catherine Canal
a third bomb-thrower came up. but seeing
his Czar lying wounded on the ground, the
evil in him disappeared. He laid the
bomb upon the ground and rushed ta
assist the mortally wounded and dyin?
sufferer. The second bomb-thrower had
been killed by his own bomb and died be
fore the Czar, who expired shortly from
shock and loss of blood. s
Whatever may have been the life of the
Czar Alexander II of Russia, or whatever
may have been the evils of the political
system of which he stood at the head, i:
is doubtful if in all history there is to bo
found a more striking example of cour
ageous death.
There is little doubt, however, that
Alexander, and probably many others. 89
well, took their cue from Caesar, who saill
to Pansa when that friend remonstrate-!
with him for being seen on the streets
without attendants or guards:
"It is better to die once than to be al
ways In fear of death."
The night before the day set for Cae
sar's death, it i3 said that, the conversa
tion turning upon the subject of death,
the question was asked, "What kind of.
death is best?" Caesar, who was present,
looked up from his papers and said,
"That which is least expected."
THE SUNDiY CALL
6
TRAGIC DEATHS
OF FAMOUS
MENanything amenable to the Influence of fire,
the cost of manufacturing it is not great.
Stone glass is made of substances former
ly resarded as waste. The' slag heaps la
The Iron district-* contribute abendaat ma-j
terial. . Since the : matter ' of ' cost ¦ Is . Im-j
portant. it counts as another point la £*•!
yor of glass. . f
ings 'could be made a ; veritable , fairyland
of beauty, with effects of; silver; and gold,
crystals : and ;¦ prisms \ like diamonds and
rainbow, combinations. '. J. " ,V. ':,'¦
•As glass' can be" made • put of .almost
.• . -_ ¦ '¦¦ ¦ ; . V-'*. ¦'-:- v; ¦-.;, •
It seemed strange enough that I could
not come upon old residents, arid plenty
of them, who remembered Perry. But in
could.be accomplished. ¦ •
- Finally the Japanese and American gov
ernments assisted in making the celebra-
\fs*tot excelled the worla 1 over, its cour
-tesy, arid hospitality are renowned. An
i American' woman can" travel there with
Even the furniture, cooking utensils and
I other house implements would be of glasa
¦toughened by new processes.. One can see
how all; this would contribute -to cleanli
ness, for everything about. the house from
cellar to garrret could be washed without
harming; it. "^ Dust and/; other'dirt would
"not find much place for. lodgment. / . -
" SvBy" employing opaque glass or 'varieties
tinted with .brilliant ..colors, such build-
- .The'walls of the building would be;of
glass; fastened together with, angle-iron,
so as; to permit ~ hollow spaces/ through
which .pipes would , pass, conveying: hot
¦ air, hot and cold ¦ water, gas; • electricity
and' everything. for comfort; and health.
M. Henrivaux gives an imaginative pic
ture of a glass building. The foundations
and walls would be, constructed of a vari
ety of glass invented, recently, 'known as
stone glass,, which has^'already stood the
severest tests.:- It is harder than steel. As
a foundation" for. modern tail buildings, M.
Henrivaux says ; it has no equal. , • '
/ ¦ believes the^- time will come
when the people of ' civilized countries will
;iive in glass houses. Of. course M. Henfi
*vaux is an enthusiast on the subject, and,
his views may be a trifle overzealous; but
' it is within reason to believe that glass
• will be more and more. freely used in'fu
ture years 'for building purposes, because
the raw material! from which glass is
;made .IS. practically inexhaustible, while
•'wood' and even such metals as -iron and
. steel have their limitations as regards the
supply.. The -adaptability -of. glass to all.
shape3 and forms, its. durability and, its
cleanliness .are other/points, in its favor.
Color . effects arid finish of surface make
it : especially suited to decoration.. . ¦
Many things are still undeveloped. \ All
will come : in- time. If Commodore Perry
lould look upon the result of his missioa
he surely would find it as gratifying as hi
could desire. .. "¦
-.'¦'' ' — ..'.'*' — 77 — —— -. '•
Houses of Glass May Yet
Come Into General Use.
r Jj\ F& JULES HENRIVAUX, \. who
//Y(\ originated the Palace, of Light
Jl ttu. \>o at- the last Paris Exposition,
n.ore safety. than Hi ' Paria wr, Londan,
This speaks for itself. V,
How deep his penetration of the condi
tions -was, time, and a short time at that,
has proved. Japan has shown herself
not only willing but able to learn the les
sons that Europe and America had to
teach her, and her quickness is becoming
proverbial.
I remember well enough all the refusals
that the Americans met with when they
drew near the islands in '53. Men In boats
came out to inform us that it would be
utterly impossible for us to effect a land
ing at any point. Japanese guard boats
came off the land in pursuit of us. Many
of the people had been on board the
Columbus in the Bay of Yeddo and had
shown themselves friendly and quite will
ing to accept American hospitality; but
they were decisive in their refusal to let
us land.
Perry accomplished •what he wished in
the end by means of long diplomacy. He
sent letters and received them. President
Killmore had given him one to the Em
peror, It opened in thiswise:
"Great and good friend: I send you this
public letter by Commodore Matthew C.
Perry, an officer of the highest rank in
the navy of the United States. I have di
rected Commodore Perry to assure your"
Imperial Majesty that I entertain ; the
kindest feelings toward your Majesty's
person and Government,' and that I have
no other object in sending him to Japan
but to propose to your Imperial Majesty
It seems strange enough now, in the
light of recent developments, to believe
that less than half a century ago Japan
was less known to us, less Europeanized.
than China. The little island country is
adopting our ways, our inventions, so
fast that it looks as if she might be teach
ing us things some day; while China has
shown herself superstitiously afraid of
innovations.
But in that day Japan was, of her own
will, isolated from the rest of the world.
Perry had studied the matter as thor
oughly as he could from books on the
subject, and he had arrived at the con
clusion that the nation had isolated itself
as the result of peculiar circumstances,
not because it was by nature conservative
to so unfriendly a degree.
Other nations had attempted to force
it to obey their wishes. Japan would not
endure this, and the result was its pe
culiar position. It was misunderstood, he
believed- *
commenced. The Saratoga wa» the other;
they were taken in tow by the two steam
ers.
We spent the Fourth of July that year
on the voyage. A few days later the
squadron anchored off the city of Uraga
and came face to face with some Jap
anese fishing junks. Their crews stared
in the greatest astonishment at us. lit
tle guessing our determination to come
much closer to them before the affair of
our trip was terminated. Those Japanese
who looked upon him then could little
estimate the kind of material that Perry
was made of; a man who would never say
die, and who, having induced the Govern
ment to fit him out with an expedition
for Japan, was going to enter Japan be
fore he left its shores. For Perry had
been to much effort, you remember, to
get the squadron furnished him in the
first place.
The war with Mexico was closed; Cali
fornia belonged to the United States; we
were ready to reach out, he argued. Xot
for further possessions, but for more
friends.
California being ours, we were now
neighbors, only one ocean across, of
Eastern Asia. It was high time that we
set up neighborly relations with the in
habitants of that Asiatic coast.
Japan was the land that seemed to in
terest him most. China was already
somewhat known. But Japan had for
long years kept herself apart from other
nations, living her own unknown, life.
Human curiosity was enough to stir any
one to a desire to penetrate the islands.
Tou have read In Perry's own nar
rative how th« natives received us
in the summer o« "K. How .they refused
to let us land, knowing nothing of our
wtyi and fearing the unknown; how the
final landlne was made after endless dip
lomatic involutions; and how we entered
thea an Oriental country that knew al
most nothing of any other. To-day th«
traveler in European dress is met with
tb« most courteous reception wherever ha
may travel in Japan, and he finds men
everywhere Ti'ho are fast following his^
own customs in dress and manner.
Mjr point of view of that very chilly
reception was from the Plymouth. That
. was one of the two sloops-of-war that
¦went along with the Susquehanna and the
Mississippi when the voyage to Yeddo was
I APAN of to-day is a very different
I place from the Japan that Commo-
Udore Perry's squadron came upon
forty-eight years ago.
It is delightful to me, now that the
journey is over, to look back upon Japan
and see the way that it has grown since
rriy lirst visit. In the cities education is
advancing and broadening at a. rapid: rate.
In many \vays - the -country's civilization'
There at' Gora Hama, in the same wa
ters where. Perry's squadron had arrived,
lay eight war vessels belonging .to the
two governments now in such friendly re
lations. There was no" longer any of the"
suspicious and cautious character shown
in their relations that had been in the first
place. Instead were open rejoicing, and'
friendliness over a common cause.; Tor
pedo-boats were there to help along the \
celet«ation. There was a booming of guns'
and flashtnc of day fireworks. The splen- /
did monument, v.-a's unveiled amid the re- ¦
joicing of two happy nations. , . .
tion at the unveiling a very memorable
occasion, and all of us who had- worked
hard for success felt. that it had achieved
a fitting climax when t.»e 14th of July ar
rived. . - : - ¦ '"¦
The place there had not changed espe
cially in those years, except that there
was no hostility to the advances made by
Americans— no great curiosity even, for
American tourists are by no means rare.
But the people in those out of the way
places have not taken up European cus
toms as those of the larger cities have.
They sit on the floor and wear kimonos as
much as ever and give never a thought to
chairs and tailoring.
I paced the ground there and recalled
it all. Then I mingled among the people
and tried to find some recollection of that
day. It had gone completely from their
minds.
party, was literally the first of them to
put foot on shore. "
There it lay, the quiet Gora Hama, a
smoothly curving shore backed by hills
and. facing the blue water. It recalled
that day when, a peaceful welcome hav
ing been assured, the Japanese scullers
guided the American officers into the har
bor. Guns boomed then as they boomed
the other day when the celebration was
held in honor of that early event Cap
tain Buchanan, in command of the early
The first thing that I did was to hunt
up the exact place where the landing was
made.
Considering all that Perry did for Japan,
I can assure you I saw pathos in the way
he was forgotten. "When I arrived in
Japan. I could not at first find a single
person who remembered him. The spot
where he had landed was not known. His
memory had been as entirely wiped out
as if he had not been the opening wedge
between Japan and the commerce of the
world.
/
It was American enterprise and tact
pitted against Japanese stubbornness.
You all know which won. And both ¦win
ner and loser were gainers," and the little
isolated country was led into acquaint
ance and friendship with the world of
nations.
"Because the place is not designed to
treat of anything- from foreigners, so
neither can conference nor entertainment
take place. The letter being received,
you will leave here."
The- reply, prefaced by many phrasings
of Japanese politeness, ' read in conclu
sion:
tL-t. the United States and Japan should
live in friendship and have commercial
intercourse with each other."
all the course of my traveling In ITapSn 1
found . almost none upon -whom the . com
modore's landing seemed to have made
any impression. - One old man of 90 and
his son of 70 appeared before the conclu
sion of my visit— men who had seen Per
ry, remembered' him clearly and realized
what he had done for -their nation. They
are the two whom you see standing be
side the monument. They are. both, fath
er and son, fine specimens of Japanese ol<5
manhood. Finely knit and erect of car
riage, ,they look many years; lessj than
they are.
It gratifies me to know that I had a
hand in raising that handsome monument'
as a memorial. I thought my task was a
hopeless one when, I first set about it. It
was a long time before I could arouse any
interest in the matter, but at last "I .conr.
trived to gain the assistance of some in
fluential Japanese. They were of the Bei-"
yu Kyokai, or "Americans' Friends."' * V,
• Up to* that time my talking had , been '
of no avail/although I was received most'
hospitably, being entertained; in princely
manner by men of great distinction. , My
appeals had fall-en upon ucaf ears. But
when the right men took hold of the mat
ter it was hurried along with admirable
execution.
Even so, the raising of funds took nine
months. The monument cost $25,000,
which means 50,000 yen > to the Japanese.
This is no small sum to them and it was
only by- patients collecting that the thins;
Some of his observations and con
clusions are set forth in the following
article, together with his account of
the unveiling of that monument on
the fourteenth of last July. It was
the work of months to get the Japan
ese interested in the plan; that work
meant the raising of a large sum of
money. The way in which it was ac
complished is related here.
He also made a study of Japanese
conditions of to-day as compared "with
those of half a century ago. They
proved gratifying to one remember-'
ing the d?.y when representatives of
America's navy first set foot, against
much opposition, on the land where
now a monument is raised in their
leader's honor.
REAR ADMIBAL BEAKPST/EE
has recently arrived here from ¦
Japan, where he devoted much
time to promoting the erection of ths.
Perry monument at Gora Hama. As
he is the only survivor of the expe
dition of the American squadron that
went to Japan in 1853, under the
command of Commodore M. C. Perry,
h<s found it devolving upon him to
push public interest in Japan along
to the completion of the memorial. *
7
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE JAPAN
OF 1853
AND THE JAPAN
OF TODAY«^>Y RE the young men of bur city
f I spendthrifts? My answer is' no.
f— I emphatically and decidedly no, and
V, I in this case a woman's no doesn't
JL mean yes. I think that our boys
have the name of spending their money—
or perhaps their fathers'— in too lavish a
manner, but, from my own observations,
Bolla'.V. Watt.
The amusements are much more numer
ous these days than they used to be. If
it is not a theater party it is a cotillon.
. or 1 a trolley party or any of the hundred
and one affairs that make ttf e .lolly these*
days. It didn't use 'to be good form for
a lady to go to the theater with a young
man alone. Oh, no, it was considered very
bad form. Now I it is an every evening
occurrence " and no one thinks anything
about It. /
But the jollification does not stop,there.
Look at the restaurants that are kept
open nearly all night.' That was almost
unheard of and if a place did keep open
it had to put a placard out to notify peo
ple to that effect. It is the theater crowds
that have changed the aspect of the dark
restaurant to the brilliantly lighted cafes.
Money flows like water there and the_con
sequence3 in the morning are a very much
lighter pocketbook and a nasty head. '
Yes, the young people of to-day spend
more money than did their ' parents and
besides they • spend more ¦ than • is really
good for them. But one thing is In their
favor, more things are required and there
is more money to b* erunt.
to look pretty and Mat a certam languor
and delicacy added to her attractiveness.
Exercises and violent games were not
numbered among her accomplishments.
- The lads and lassies of to-day are. aa
it were, a/ new race of beings, and a
healthy, well-developed figure is the par
excellence of good taste, so there must
be suitable costumes for boating, id-n^
tennis, polo, golf, etc.
I could" hardly speak of the boys alon*.
for the girls are so closely connected with
them and it is on them, that they spend
so much money that one doea not go wltn
out the other. '
Lieutenant Governor Neff.
And' that isn't > all, either. - When we
asked for Christmas donations' tor { the
| sick , soldiers my home i was filled with
suitable gifts,- and mostly from young
men. Forty of them clubbed together and
Bent a large! quantity of tobacco to srnok*
and to chew, cigars and pipes and numer
ous other things £hat one man would pick'
out 'for another.. ,'¦
¦ I had a list, but they particularly r& '
quested -me. not to mention their names.
In fact, didn't see why ¦ people needed to
know of the box at all. What could I
¦ do? '-', Nothing but write : and ." tell \ them
I how j much >k I \ appreciated their > kindness
and thank them in the soldiers' names. •
V At times : they remind me of a band of
ostriches. • .- Cover- their heads and j flatter
. .themselves that they won't be seen,' but it
me good to point out their ; hiding
"places." ¦¦ ;¦.":'.. -, ¦-/'. ¦¦'.".¦ '-'"'"-^ '.'.'¦., .'•'.-¦
Should they be ashamed of doing good?
And _-where else do vou suppose I find
them, or«at least traces of. them? In the
It all comes from trying to keep up with
the times. I know young pepole are prone
to say that we older men are old fogies
and that we are behind the times, but
every man who has reached m>* years and
traveled through all the walks of life will
tell you the same things. When there is
«trife and discontent, bitter longings and
a craving ambition to be on the top. there
is always bound to "be trouble. That' is
the spirit of to-day.. There is. a 'grand
scramble, and every young man is looking
out for himself to-day, but not thinking
of the morrow.
Unfortunately that is the very reason
why so many of them end disastrously.
They live beyond their incomes , and con
sequently get into debt. Then, as there is
no possible way of getting out of it and
still keep up appearances on their, earn
ings, they stejil, they default, they, ruin
their fair name and disgrace the family
If they have any.
The boys of to-day who bet, run about
and who live finely on a small' salary do
one of two things— either find out that
real trouble is ahead of them and- pull
themselves together before it is to^ late,
or else plunge in head over heels. .
tiful clothes — and her father is well able
to back her up in it — the girl whose father
possesses only $15,000 or 120,000 wants
dresses just like them. Even the maid in
one's home feels better satisfied if she has
an imitation of her mistress* best gown.
There is no distinction whatever. .Again,
if one girl gives a tea, her neighbor tries
to ou do her, regardless of the cost. It is
a struggle to put the best foot forward.
The expense never seems to be consid
ered.
I believe in young people having a good
time — just as good a time as they can pos
sibly have, for they will only be young
once; but they ought to keep within cer
tain bounds. The only way to succeed is
never to plan a garment ¦ larger than . the
cloth that one possesses. I have made it
a life-long rule never to exceed my own
boundaries. 'If I only got $10, a month
that $10 had to do somehow. It is wisest
never to owe any man a cent.
yi RE the young men of San
Francisco spendthrifts or
not? This is a question thai
often agitates the home hearth, but
it never seems to have been satis-
Arc the young fellows ivlw daily
'¦visit our homes, the boys who arc
one day to be the riding pozver-of
the city, hicompetcnt ¦ to ¦ handle
money wisely and well?
Here are- the views of some
prominent people, all well knozun
socially and zvcll knozvn in clubs.
'Most of them could not deal with
the boys alone. The girls must
necessarily be brought in, as they
contend that the best part of the
lavish expenditure is due to the
whiles and whims of the ladies.
Do these five people agree or dis
agree?
DO I think the young people of to
day spend more money than the
ones of a former generation? <:.•;.'.',
Yes. for the natural trend of a
so-called civilization is a growth
from simplicity to greater elabor
ation. In this world of changing customs
it requires a constant readjustment of tho
exacting present and the young people of
to-day are confronted with different cus
toms from the ones which environed their
parents and grandparents.
Take, for instance, the Items of dress.
If a young lady of a quarter of a century
ago wished a new gown she would have
to go through the slow process of a, dress
maker's demands, and fortunate was she
to have it sent home in a fortnight. But
the miss of to-day can go to a clothing
establishment, select a dress, completely
finished in every respect, and unless she
hurries home it will reach . there before
she does. When things are obtained so
easily it is a constant temptation to reach
for them and to- have more and more.
Formerly' a lady bad to prepare all of
her wearing apparel, now she finds in tha
shops everything needful and arranged in ,
such an attractive and bewitching manner
that it would be hard for a Martha' to
resist.
The young men are confronted with the
same conditions, for they are able to buy
everything from underwear to evening
dress in one store. The shop people un
derstand their business and the various
articles are arranged to attract first the
eye and then the purse.
Another demand for the expenditure of
money is to be suitably dressed for the
many games that are in vogue. The maid
of the past thought the aim in life was
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt.
are earning small salaries sent in contri
butions and asked us not to mention it... I
do not know, exactly why.
Since the; war we haven't needed money
urgently and, of course, the supply has
fallen off. But" in j the last few 'months 1
have received over $1000 from young men
alone. ¦ Simply because 1 wrote and asked
them to become life" members of the Red
Crosf -y '
The girls may spend as much monsy, or
nearly as. much, as the chaps, but they
have more to show for it: if nothing- else,
new clothes, r.nd some new trinkets. But.
then, perhaps thut might be 'expected.
The boys' leave home at say S:30 and-,
they wander down town. They meet some
other fellow, and then cigarettes are in
order, an<? ten to one a drink. That prob
ably costs i>0 or 75 cents. "Come on. let's
go to the theater," says one of them, and
the others' "all right" is not at all back-'
ward.. There goes more money. Then
they saunter to' some 'popular cafe, and
money slips through their fingers like
water.
. And cigars count up too. Most of the
young bloods will not look at anything
less than' a two-bitte/. However, I do not
think- that any of them realize that they
are extravagant: but when three or four
1 do not think a man ever commences
to think and plan for the future until -he
has reached, well, about 40 years of age.
Then he ought to know enough to provide
for. old age; but some of the old boys are
every bit as foolish as the younger gen
eration.
And he was about right. So in one sense
the young people are spendthrifts. They
spend all they can get their hands on,
and never have anything to show for it;
You cannot put an old head on young
shoulders.
WHAT, are the b.oys spendthrifts?
I guers the best answer that I
can give you is a remark that
James C. Flood once made to
me. Said he: '-'Wells, I ¦ know
people, as they are when they drop their
masks. You know I've kept a saloon long
enough to see lots of people, and when a
man ,comes in to get a drink he is very
apt to appear perfectly natural. He
spends his money ireely and treats all his
friends royally.- The troubles of the day
are forgotten for the time being. I tell
you that fortunts are daily spent in drink.
Any fool can make a fortune, but it is a
wise man who can keep it. I have the
greate&t respect for such a man." ¦ ¦ ;
George H. Wells.
1 think that they have the name and not
the "game. './¦ : - v \;: >*V . V
"Who gets the benefit of "most of .the
money that iney^do. spend?. Why' our
girls, ,,of ; course. And what girl- would
consider that : ' money is thrown - away of
wasted .when it "is spent in^taking her to
the theater and having' a supper after-
Ward? I'm; afraid it would be almost as
difficult to find one as it would be to find
a. .needle in "a haystack. . ,"• '•
Butisn't that a good way to spend their
time 1 and, mbn'ey?^ I do not know of any
as good, unless it is— well, let me, tell you
how ysplendidly our -boys behave toward
charitable/ institutions. ' ' .. , ,
V Everybody". knows" that "all business men
came -to . the-, frort '.when the Red Cross
matte it's appeal in 1*89' and: 1900, but few
peopie/do' know" how many 'young men
who 'perhaps '.have wealthy fathers— which,
.bj'vthe way. doca thtm no good — but who
Children's Hospital. Many a dollar finds
its way into the Little Jim ward from the,
pocket of a boy who is always about town
as 'a good fellow. ~ /
Nine out of ten people -don't know that
the treasury receives a certain amount _
monthly that might have been; spent in
races, games and drink. Never once
have I asked for assistance from any' of
the young men, and been refused.
At New Year's, time the clubs of San'
FrancisccH-Bohemian, University and Pa
cific—utterly failed to respond; didn't
even buy.; a package, while the theaters
came up beautifully. They always do,
by the way. -T : •
But that takes the men as a mass;, and
then besides New Year is a bad time to
expect anything. It's too close to Christ
mas, which means a flat pocketbook. I
know the men have clubs and forty-eleven
amusements that are attractive and ex
pensive, but, as I said before, the girls/
are usually along wjien money is being
spent. It costs more for three — you and
I- and a] chaperon — than for. one. . .-'
The boys have their hish jinks and their
low downs, but I, do not think that any
great amount of money is thrown to the
tli.gs-, and I do know that many a poor
fellow who Was down has been given a
helping hand.
How many young men go to church?
Our boys are not t-ompeiled to attend any
services: nothing: is obligatory: but such
an influence can certainly do no harm
and may do some little good for the ris
ing and expanding generation.
The Young Men's Christian Association
was not intended to reform people, but to
exert a good influence whenever possible,
and to furnish mffst of the amusements
that the clubs afford at a decidedly cheap
er rate. There is no bar in connection
with the building, hence no drinking or
draining: the pockets for liquors. Neither
do we have boxing tournaments or so
< ailed amateur bouts, where betting is
freely indulged in and where money
changes hands rapidly. So much hard
earned money goes just that way, but
ycung fellows are very apt to think such
things are mamy, and so that settles the
qrestion.
I wish the boys spent their money on
the girls. Not nearly so much would van
ish in smoke, the influence would be much
better and everybody would be happier.
But they don't. Most of it is spent on I,
either amusing or dressing I — but always
for the benefit of I.
The spirit of rivalry has never died out
and never will. The v/mng fellow who
gets a much smaller salary than his next
door neighbor tries t»> go about as much,
spend— his money as freely/ and. have his
tailor keep him as spick and span as his
more fortunate friend. ? -
Another and quite as common a way of
getting rid of money is to try to keep up
with the times. Everybody understands
that.
Too expensive cigars are indulged In and
too many of them. Many men think that
good tobacco is a real .luxury, but tha
boys who can't afford to smoke at all al
ways seem to find money for them.
The idea of eating and drinking up
nearly a month's salary certainly isn't an
economical one. As soon as possible wo
intend to have a dining-room in connec
tion with our rooms, where a man can
buy a good substantial meal and put away
a. little money.
Girls don't go to restaurants and spend
50 cents or $1 for lunch and twice as much
for dinner. Once a month, maybe, but
not as a role. They are naturally much
more saving. But it's a common occur
rence with the boys; in fact, as everybody
knows, a daily one.
Perhaps it's the spirit of the times when,
money slips through the fingers so easily.
At any rate it goes, and goes in large
quantities, and there is little or nothing:
to show for it.
The young men of to-day seem to have
a sublime indifference as to the welfare
of the morrow. They don't seem to think
6t the possibility of any future business
for themselves and" the necessary capital
to begin on, or If they do It is a very
haz>' dream in a far away and misty time.
places. But, like most Americans, they
must be up and doing. They are under
a perpetual strain to 'keep up and appear
well in the eyes of the world.
THE SUNDAY CAJSL. \
Mrs. John F.' Merrill.
8
THERE >s no doubt in my mind that
the young men of this city spend
much more money than is good fbr
them. But it is the spirit of the
times, rather than that there Is any
thing materially wrong with the boys,
and, I misht add, the girls. ¦;;-."¦•
When I was a boy wealth was not
counted as it Is now. People did not
struggle and aim 'so to get the almighty
dollar. If a man had a monthly salary of
;510 or $12 and h's board and lodging he
, was satisfied. His clothes were rough
..and substantial, but they did not cost him
hi* entire year** earnings, and sometimes
rraore too. At the end of the Sear he had
more ready cash than the man who gets
I rive or six times as much now. And, more
• to the point, he was happy, contented and
j thoroughly comfortable.
In those days a woman was considered
" fairly well dressed i^she wore a neat cal-
Llco gown and a hat to match.* Now calico
does not go at all.
, The desire to spend money £omes early
in life these days. I used to think I was
» wealthy if I had a 5-cent piece to spend,
and often put it away so that the pleasure
would be deferred. Children of to-day
icimply do not know the value of money,
vf.nd even when they are grown they never
seem to fully realize it. It comes easily
;and it goes just as easily. •¦-
'. I consider the racetrack one of the
/evils of the day. for our boys throw their
;iaoney away there. Then they belong to
jVxpensive clubs and frequent cafes.' Be
sides, they place their salaries on their
And that is true of the /girls too..
iThe spirit of rivalry prevails everywhere.
Etftlie miKionaiies' daughter wears beau-
C"! 1 * HE object of the Young Men's
• I -Christian Association is not to try
I • to, stop a lavish expenditure of
. I, money among^the young men of our
. X city, but to have a place'down town
where boys can drop in and pass a whole
some." pleasant evening in the midst of the
best and . most encouraging 'environments.
<¦ JThe k young 'men .of - San Francisco ; are
far. too^ extravagant in all - their tastes,
and It would be a pood thing if they could
be induced to spend more lime at: such
dollars ut the least is spent nightly It
soon counts up.
The *klrls are not called upon to spend
their money that way. They go to the
theater and ; then to supper, but it costs
them nothing but to be sweet and ami
able.' If they, have a caller at home father
pays j for the refreshments, and so they
are in just that much.
But, any way you .,, put It, too much
money is spent foolishly. The Calif or
nians are generous to . a fajult. A little
money here or there is no object to them,
and that is exactly the cause of the trou
ble. .Money seems to be no object to the
vast majority, excepting that it gives
them a good time, and that Is, what they
are all after.
ARE THE YPUNG MEN
OF SAN FRANCISCO
SPENDTHRIFTS?, ' THE SUN DAY ,C Alii/,
Yesterdays the yachts of the San Fran
cisco Club started on a trip to the upper
bay ; and j to-day will hold a clambake on
the : shore. ; As the event is Intended^spe
cially for : the 'benefit of the -non-owners
cards- were sent' out tc -the owners re
questing them to find j room for- members
on board their boats. The clambake ar
ranged some .weeks, ago • by a : few-ener
getic members 'V- - as so much enjoyed that
the club determined to" give this one in
stead of j a 1 dance, '..- . - -. .
weather was enjoyed and; all reached
home safely. . Kdgell and Morrow's yawl
Royal', left Sausalito about '-111 o'clock on
Saturday morning, September 7, and an
chored in Drakes Bay at 2 a. m. on'Sun
day; September 8. The - sloop';,; Cygnus
started from . Sausallto on -.Sunday" 1 morn
ing, 'September 8, arriving at- Drakes Bay
at 3a, m. on Admission day. :.The.Corin-'
thian yawl .Frolic .and... the ''California
sloop Pactolus also., made the /trip... On
board Factolus were Allen M.~ Clay, G.L.
Wakeman, R. L. Eames, Miss Clay and a
friend. The yawl Roy'al. left -Drakes Bay
at 9:05 'a. in. on Admission day ; and with
a_ fair-wind dead; astern" picked up "the
Duxbury Reef \ buoy, : then fetched Point
Bonita : and* made \ moorings at Sausalito
in;'six hours and a half at 3:35 p.'m., Cyg
rus having beaten her In.' * .. ":'\
The/cruise to .. Drakes^Bay during .the .
Admission day. holidays proved successful,,
though -few 'boats 'attended. Splendid'
¦ ¦¦¦ ¦•¦¦-¦ .--. .¦.¦...'. •:.-¦.. - . .*.. : ••
winner Aeolus had a keen-tussle with
Helen for second -place, running home
only eleven .seconds Lefore her, but losing
the -second flag' by 1' minute 13 seconds
correqted time. ; The '.'one-gun" start
brought the boats close together at the
starting line" in, all the classes, those in
the thirty-six-foot class, crossing in fifteen
seconds arid those in the forty-four-foto
class in thirty-six seconds.; In the forty
four-foot class the sloop; Harpoon came in
first, ¦ but as she had j fouled j the .windward
stakeboat on. the! first ;beat outsHe. was
disqualified from winning 'the prize, which
went to the sloop Speedwell, with Clara
in,; second;" place/i ; The California yawl
Gypsle . beat Mhe Corinthian ; yacht • Arc
turus* 12 minutes 2- seconds and the yacht
Spray^.by. 12 minutes 16 seconds; but a pro
test .was, lodged -against her for forcing
some .cf ' the twenty-five-footers- to ;go
about on. the'starting line. Gypsle Vas on
the" port tack' and should have yielded.;
The- Law ;{cup' and four' of ¦ the five ,' Mac-'
donough. cups were won by Corinthian
yachts. J.Dalton Harrison's yacht "Idler,
of. the Encirial Club was the \ only boat
that "entered and did n'ot^startr : - ¦ •
well filled, the starts, were close and
the racing was interesting. There were no
mishaps nor -accidents. ' Warned " by the
experience of previous years,' the regatta
committee took especial cajre in placing
the stakeboats, the windward one being
A. C. Lee's Surprise~and the leeward one
ex-Governor Budd's gasoline launch. The
feature of the regatta looked forward to
with most interest was the. second trial of
speed between Commodore A". *E. Chap
man's Benlcia- built sloop Helen, : the
challenger for the Perpetual cup, and
Frank Stone's sloop Presto, which suc
cessfully defended the trophy," Presto Was
the standard boat In the thirty-foot class,
and Helen received a time allowance of
•2 minutes 26 seconds. In actual sailing
time Presto beat Helen 6 minutes 26 sec
onds, or. on corrected time . exactly four
minutes. As Presto beat Helen by only
forty seconds un'the day of the. Perpetual
Challenge cuy race her victory
on :¦ Admission day; - was -.much
more decisive, though allowing .lit
tle or no margin for erros of judgment
or mishaps.' 'The old Macdonough : cup:
THE Admission day . regatta of the
Pacific Interclub Yacht Association
| was the most successful the orgahi-
L. zation has held. The classes were
•H. C. Casidy, captain of the • Pacific
Cricket Club, is staying In Lake County
for : his annual .vacation. There la no
match of the California. Cricket Associa
tion for to-day, the match at Alameda be-,
tween the Santa Cruz . and Sacramento
teams set ¦ down on the schedule naving
already been played on July 27 on the oc
casion of the visit of the two country
teams to San Francisco.
eleven. ..Richardson captured 5 wickets
for 16 runs, and Casidy took 5 for £6 runs.
On Sunday, the 8th, the visitors crossed.
Clear Lake to Lower Lake, where they
met the . Burns -Valley team on what is
probably the best and certainly the pret
tiest cricket ground in California. The
visitors acquitted themselves well here,
H. B. Richardson retiring after making
103 and Casidy after scoring 53. F. Croll
compiled 34, A. "W." Wilding contributed 13
and E. T. Langdale 10. When the score
had reached 240 for five wickets the inn
ings was called/ Spurr/ Hlldebrand and
Hammond . having captured one wicket
apiece. The Burns Valley men put to
gether 95,' to which C. L. Enderby con
tributed 34 and F. L. Hlldebrand tt. The'
Burns Valley team followed on, and when,
time was- called had scored 35 - for five •
wickets, the visitors thus winning by the
ample margin of 145 runs on the first Inn-
ings. . •
THE team of San Francisco cricket
ers which visited Lake County dur
ing the Admission day holidays re
turned to this city onMonday even
ir^, having won both their matches. The
first match" was played at Lakeport on
Saturday, the 7th inst., against the eleven
of the Lakeport Cricket Club. The city
team went to the bat first, but on th«*
treacherous ground none of the batsmen
except. F. J. Croll, who complied 35, made
any' stand against the bowling of Keel
ing and .Webber. The ' former took tf
wickets for 15 runs and the latter 4 for 33.
Seven" of the visitors , contributed nothing
to the total of 49 runs. ; The Lakeport
..men, .however, did not do much better
than the visitors, being Tall out for 57
runs. Casidy took five wickets for 2C
runs, and Croll four for 13 runs. On their
second attempt j the visitors quickly com
piled 87. for six wickets, Richardson being
'not but. 69. The innings was then de
! clared closed and Lakeport went to the
bat. -After /seven wickets had fallen for.
a small 1 ; total 'C. M. Hammond; began to
hit vigorously | and made 37 not j out. Rich
ardson bowled . Stokes at the call of time,
and the visitors won with, a total o:C 136
runs. The Lakeport total was two less. '
134." *R. C. Kortman, C. E. R. Thurlow and'
R. Hutton did not go" to the bat.. It was •
a very > narrow squeak 'for the visiting
FUTURITY SHO WS
SMART COURSERS
For Freedom's career has been a varied
one. J With an unbeaten' record of vic
tories to his credit, he was placed in the
stud before he had completely recovered
from the hard training. At this time
when his get -has advanced him to first
rank as a sire the game -courser Is found
again in the running. There are apparent
ly no more honors for him except in the
stud. Almost every greyhound of reputa
tion has a kennel name other than the
one under, which he is entered. Some of
the pet names given to local performers
are: Wedge wood, Spot; For Freedom,
Corker; Palo Alto', Tip;- America, Jack;
Ireland, Pete; Harlem Gladys, Lady; Bea
con, Blue; Luxor, Bill; Narcissus, Ned;
Dewdrop, Dave; Rector, Red; Lady. Clare,
Scrapper; Cold Shivers, Jumbo; Liberator,
Tom; Faraway, Bones; ' The ' Grafter,
Johnnie; Game Boy, Shine; Ollta, Kate;
Freeze Out. Trix; Wild Tralee, Mac; Tra
lee Boy, Biz, short for Bismarck. ,
/
the second season's breeding. A previous
litter, of which Sir Van and Freedom's
Banner were trained, ran with indifferent
results.
Bonnie Lass, the dam of Ruby Sankey,
is the dam of the celebrated Palo Alto,
Ireland and America. Hickory Dick's
dam. Little Wonder, whelped the great
Whitehead. Just Eclipsed is the dam of
Pat Horgan and Manila, both clever ner
formers. The dam of Sir Pitt, Vanity
Fair, has War Eagle and Anchor to her
credit.
In 'number of representatives running In
the event For Freedom was second on
the list, being headed by Hughie. That
sire, with fourteen of his get to try for
honors, had bu* one of them. Ruby San
key, reach the fourth round. . For Free
dom's family of ten had three members
in the going at that period. Cold Shivers,
Freeze Out and Aeolus. Wild Tralee was
represented by Tame Tralee and. Partial
Eclipse; Rochester by Hickory Dick,
which developed unexpected form, and
Cavalier by Sir Pitt, who was held as a
dangerous candidate. Emin Pasha' had
eeven of his get In the stake, Cavalier;
St. Lawrence and Wild Tralee had "five
each, Rochester and- Candelaria three
each. V >
Amarora is at the head of winning dams
with the litter by For Freedom.
Ih'ess £Uke' winners are the result of
THE outcome of the coursing Futurity
has given." the breeders of greyhounds
much food for thought. Time- was in
puppy stakes when almost as many
Fires were represented in such an event
as there were entries. This year, however,
shows the^toreeders have reached the con*
elusion that only the progeny of fashiona
bly bred sires should represent- them on
the field. As a sire For Freedom made the
best record In the important stake. The
result was not unexpected, as he was well
represented by such great performers as
Cold Shivers, the stake winner, and Aeo
lus, one lime favorite for the stake.
YACHTING MEN DISC USS
ADMISSION DAY REGATTA
CITY CRICKETERS
IN LAKE COUNTY
The weather man is unquestionably a
storm scenter.
Many a man loses what little energy ha
has- while waiting for a rich relative to
die.
John Sammi killed a 130-pound buck on '
the grounds of the Point Reyes Club last
Tuesday. This was his first buck. John
was proud of his skill with the rifle.
The final shoot of the season of both
the Olympic Gun dub and the Union Gun
Club will be held to-day. The members
of the former will pepper bluerocks. while
the latter will shoot live birds. A feature
of the day's sport will be a record race at
100 birds. . •
THE middle of September invariably
marks the height' of j the' trout
fishing season, and' this ye,ar is
proving no exception to the rule.
High class sport Is reported from
all the well known streams, such as the
Truckee, Sacramento and McCloud rivers.
The TruJckee holds first place in the
hearts of the anglers, as it is not a sal
mon stream. . ''..¦¦.
The steelhead fishing in Humboldt Coun
ty »s just beginning. Information from
Maskeys, Weymouths and Scotia is to the
effect that the fish are beginning ,' to 'run.
Many of the local'' anglers are planning
their annual' trip to Eel River, without
which they would think no season com
plete.
Striped bass fishing in Sari Pablo Bay
and the sloughs tributary to it has been
excellent during the past week. 'Al-Wil
son, O. W. Jackson, Scott and Skinner
and others of the striped bass fishermen
made some" excellent catches. \
The State Board of Fish Commissioners
held it's meeting for. this month at the
magnificent house' of the McCloud River
Club, on the McCloud. . This organization
has a membership of twenty gentlemen,
residents of this city and Sacramento. Its
president, is George W. Scott of: this city.
It/ has purchased twelve' miles of both
banks of the river, which' afford five mem
bers some of 'the. -finest- fishing on the
coast. The clubhouse Is "twenty" miles
from the railway station at McCloud."
Commissioners H. W. Keller and W. E.
Gerber and Chief Deputy J. P. Babcock
were: the- guests'^ofW. W. Van Arsdale,
one of_ their associates. He is.'a member
of the club and had /charge' of the con-'
struction of the clubhouse 1 and of the road
leading to it. In addition to ';¦ the fishing,
the club has the finest deer ... park' in
Northern California. Mr. Keller, in walk
ing up from the clubhouse in quest of -a
buck, saw eleven, does and fawns within
an hour.', , ;•; / '. .
The . Fish Commissioners will, establish
a spawning station, on Squaw Creek, ad
jacent to the club property, and' will op
erate there during the coming spring. The'
eggs taken at this/station will be.hatched
at the Sisson Hatchery and will be placed.
in the publlc v waters of the State.:
Of the anglers at the clubhouse Mrs.
W. /vy. Van Arsdale was high hook. She
caugfit and. landed a Dolly Varden which
weighed nine and a quarter pounds when
placed on the clubhouse scales. Fly fish
ing on the McCloud will be at its best
durins the last week of this month and
the, first "week in October, i At present it
is not good because of the spawning sal
mon. ¦". v .... ¦-,, .. . _ .' * •„ '
Char!e3 S. Wheeler, F. G. . Sanborn,
Fred Chase and Edwin Clark left last
Thursday for Mr/. Wheeler's beautiful;
place at the Bend on the McCloud. r The
sportsmen will pay. more attention to the
deer shooting than to the fishing. : .' ..- ,.'•
¦ Reports from the Truckee are of the
best. In the ¦ vicinity of Boca the' sport
is especially good. Walter D. Mansfield
and others who have .fished there recently
'were most successful with small files. The
best killer was the number 16 Red Spin
ner. .;'¦*-..'¦ .. ¦ !¦ ¦' ..-'.- ¦ . $ ' '"
Dr. Clark Burnham and C. B. Gould
have been 'at Pelican Bay for the past
fortnight. • .. ¦• '."
About fifty men appeared on the field
recently in suits. They were put through
light kicking practice.
From the latter list of men will be
picked the eleven which will meet the '05
men from the University of California In
the intercollegiate freshman game on Oc
tober 13.
The new men who signed were: M. Bar
tell, W. Witzemann, H. M. Lewis, L. D.
Lockwood, F. C. Wells, E. Hlllman, J.
C. Taylor, C. Tucker. T. B. Hunter, J. J.
Monzingo, P. Dawson, F. G. Smith, H. S.
Bonte. W. H. Dole, A. H. Lett. W. J.
Galbraith, H. E. Bush, W. E. Crothers,
R. C. Nissen, F. M. Wilbur, B. M. Bree
den, E. C. Eppley, R. L. Trowbridge, W.
R. Taylor. W. E. McWethy and H.
Shields. - . • ¦ .
K. F. Cooper, F. L. Slaker, O. H. Luck,
F. H. Boren, R. A. •Thompson, C. D.
Hauverman, W. D. Patterson, . W. B.
Barnheisel. A. R. Dole, C. B. Raitt, W.
Hall, W. Taylor, A. F. Frederickson, B.
E. Nourse. G. H. Clark, H. W. Hill and
C. P. Allen Jr.
TROUT STREAMS YIELD
HIGM-CLASS ANGLING
' DR. BURNHAM, JUDGE NUSBAUMEK, CHARLES B." GOULD; JOHN CADMAN. '
The 03d Story— L hooked _the ; biggest;.'trot3t.'1n'\the;-pool } ';' ; but;Jost\him.
' .; . PHOTOS BY W. J. STREET./ : . .. '• /
Arrangements have been made for a
tennis tournament at Congress Springs,
Saratoga, Santa Clara County, commenc
ing on the 16th lnst. and continuing a
week. A long list' of contestants, includ
ing many of the best players from San
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda,- San Jose,
Santa- Clara and Centerville, will take
part in the contests for a number of val
uable prizes. From the arrangements that
have been made it is expected the tour
ney will be one of the most exciting seen
for some time.
The following eld players signified their
intention of trying- for the team: R. S.
Fisher, R. J. McFadden, C. E. Gilman,
Professor C. K. Lewers. Stanford "96 and
assistant coach, said: "We have against
us this year opponents who intend to
make the right of their lives. I think we
have the bc-st chance T)f winning, how
ever, and by a larger score than last year.
If the men will obey training rules."
Captain Fisher followed. «tatlng the ob
ject of the meeting and urging the men to
sign for practice and draw out their suits.
"Dad" Moulton was then called for, and
la a few words told of the high reputation
Stanford had in the Kast, of his good im
pressions of the university and the ath
letic material here, and urged the
football men to live up to the coaches*
rules for training. On the last subject he
said: "If anything goes wrong with a man
I expect him to come to me at once.
Smoking and drinking if Indulged in by
you young men must be stopped during
training season. I ask you to live up to
the rules; for ..hey will not be hard and
training will be a pleasure, not a punish
ment."
Coach Fir kef i in giving advice to the
men said: "You must live up to the train
ing rules that are prescribed, otherwise
you will have to sever your connection
with the team. I am going to try to win
but one game, and that Is the Intercolle
giate on November 9. And I think we
t^hall win. although it will not be a 'walk
over.' Every man must get out and work
for his college."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.— Great en
thusiasm prevailed at the first- football
rally of the season, which was held in En
cina clubroom. Head Coach Fickert, As
sistant Coach Lewers, Trainer "Dad"
lioulton and Captain Fisher addressed
the football men and assembled students.
Since the athletes returned from As
toria, where, they were signally successful
in the track and field events, some com
plaints have been heard of the inefficiency
of the Astoria committee, only two mem
bers of which. J. C. McCue and Percy
Sovey. made any real effort to accommo
date the visitors. The rest of the "honor
ables" on the committee contented them
selves with wearing their badges of of
fice and doing nothing in particular.
With regard to the disproportionate
number of "Olympic, men who went north,
it is said the Astoria committee desired
to have them because of their ability to
take part in an indoor entertainment,
such as is given' from time to time in
the clubrooms on Post street. As soon
as- Secretary J. C. McCue of the Astoria
committee reported the > result of his ob
servations in San Francisco it was de
cided to have a dozen or more athletes
from the Olympic Club. '
T^HE oarsmen of the Alameda Boat
•'I Club -who went up to the Astoria re
-'1-BaUa returned last Tuesday by train.
The barge and outrigged skiffs were
blistered a little by the heat of the rail
road car, but were otherwise uninjured.
Each member of the crew brought back
a. gold medal ¦ won in the championship
barge race.- F. "W. Ayers had two, the
extra one- being for the outrigged skiff
race, in which he' defeated S. J. Pem
broke, who went -north with the Olympic
crew. The Alameda Club will. hold its an
nual championship races shortly, and will
probably invite some of the city oarsmen
-to take part In a match'race. Dr. C. C.
Dennis of the South End Rowing Club
has promised to pull in an outrigged s'rciil
race at the Alameda regatta. The Ala
meda men say the barge race in which
they took part against the Portland Row
ing Club was not a serious affair, and that
their defeat in it was not regarded' as in
dicative of the superiority of their op
ponents. The hospitality of the Portland
ers was generous, and the Alameda oars
men were up nearly all the night before
the race. They were in no condition to
do themselves justice.
Report Conditions v Obtaining at
i:-^the<i Regatta -ilVere Not as
Favorable as in Other Years
OARSMEN ARRIVE
HOME FROM
ASTORIA.
Light practice continues on the gridiron.
The men are doing good work and are be
ing placed in prime condition by the
coaches and trainer. The freshmen play
ers as a group are heavy men and show
great promise of developing into first
class athletes.
Several of California's crack field and
track men are again in college this year.
Cadogan. the sprinter, is back for work,
and Plaw will whirl the hammer again.
Increased speed is expected from Service,
the star distance man. California has
three good hurdlers of experience—Pow
ell. Hamlin and Cheek. The first and last
named will also be in the high jump.
Track Captain Bussey will continue in
both jumps. Brown, a comparatively new
man, should work up well in the sprints,
and ther« is a good field of old men to
pick from in all the events. The fresh
man material is showing up well, "and in
a week or so some individual stars should
come out of the bunch.
Much cf California's success on the cin
der path is credited to fall training. By
this means the men are kept in condition
and practice and when spring comes it Is
not difficult to put them in shape for con
tests. Another plan is being formed for
the benefit of the athletes in the shape
of a series of indoor field days in Har
mon gymnasium this -winter. The meets
¦will be both individual and class compe
titions and will take place every month
or six weeks. The gymnasium has on-;
cf the finest indoor tracks in America,
but it has never been used except for
training purposes. Sprints, distances, pole
vaults and high jumps will be the events
for the indoor meets.
BERKELEY, Sept. I'.— University of
California athletic affairs increased
in activity this v«k with the com
mencement of fall track training. A
lr.rge squad, both of old and new men.
hEs appeared en the oval for work, giv
ing to Berkeley track athletics a prosper
ous look.
WHEX the date for the tennis cham
pionship singles was changed from
July to September many thought
a mistake was made. The success
attending the. recent .tournaments make
it evident the change was for the better,
puch tennis as was brought out in the
championship tournaments for both the
women and the men has never before been
seen on the coast.
The Sutton sisters will defend their
titles to the championship of the coast
next year and the southern men, encour
aged by the good showing made by them,
will also try for championship honors
next September. . . .
Much had been heard of the Suttons
prior to their visit, but very few local
people expected to see girls so skillful'
with the racket as these proved to be.
Their work should greatly' benefit the
pastime here. . •
While the southern men failed to sweep
. everything before them as the women did,
still they made a good showing and a year
hence will be strong candidates for cham
pionship honors.
The failure of the Hardy brothers for
two years to wrest the championship from
.George Whitney impressed the second
class men with the idea that he was in
' vincible. The recent tournaments showed
that some of the second-class men are.
' rapidly nearing the Whitneys. Some ex
pert judges are of the opinion that their
. -reign over the tennis world is almost at
-an end. In two years, and possibly in.
one. there may be new^ coast 'champions.
'-fimith- -and McGavin, " a-" newly- formed ;
team, although beaten by the Whitneys in
straight sets, played them close and with
a year's practice stand a chance of beat-'
ing them. — • '
< The Whitney-Bell match for the cham
pionship showed that Bell is but little be
hind Whitney in point of skill -and it
would not be much of a surprise if next
year he carrled^off the championship.
. Oakland has been without a tennis or
ganization for several years until tlje Ho
bart "Tennis Club was. formed. Already'
the membership list is large.
The assignment of handicaps is always
a somewhat difficult matter in golf com
petitions, some clubs adopting one method
and others another. In the San Francisco
Golf Club the handicapping is done by
Robert Johnstone, the resident profes
sional, who is so familiar with the relative
strength of the players that his handicaps
nearly always bring out close contests.
Other clubs, as, for example, the Los An
geles Country Club, have an official handi
capper. In the San Rafael Golf Club the
handicaps were at one time allotted by
T. W. Tetley," then the resident profes
sional, and other methods have been tried.
After several experiments the club offi
cials believe they have found a method
of handicapping which is fair and will put
an end to all objections on the part of the
players. Forty-eight is set as the* scratch.
score for amateur men golfers over the
San Rafael course, and in competition
each player receives a handicap of two
thirds of the difference between this
scratch score and the player's best score.
The scores are written up on the bulletin
board and objection, if any is to be made,
must be lodged before play in the com
petition begins. v
On "Wednesday, the 11th lnst.. there was
a competition on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club for a trophy presented
by Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, to be played
for by ladies.
The San Rafael Golf Club has had an
unusually active and successful season
and its tournaments still attract many en
tries and are well contested. On Admis
sion day the qualifying: round of the com
petition for the championship cup, which
has taken the place of the Council's cup
for men, now the property of B. J. Mc-
Cutchen, took place on the San Rafael
links, the eight who qualified being J. T.
Crooks, R. Gilman Brown, R. J. Davis.
E. J, Hooper, C. A. Belden, C. P. Pome
roy, Douglas Hardy and George Heazel
ton. The opening match play round of
the competition took place yesterday, the
contestants being paired as follows: R.
J. Davis vs. George Heazelton: Douglas
Hardy vs. Carter P. Pomeroy; C. A. B«
den - vs. R. Gilman Brown, and E. J.
Hooper vs. J. J. Crooks. The four win
ners In yesterday's match will play In the
semi-final- round next Saturday and the
final round will be played on a day agreed
on by the two contestants. The winner
will be the first to have his name inscribed
on the trophy, which carries with It the
men's, championship of. the San Rafael
Golf Club. Prizes were offered for the*
best gross and best handicap scores made
in the qualifying round on Admission day,
that for the best net score being won by
R.- J. r>avis, with 110 less 8—102. For the
other prize R. Gilman Brown and J. J.
Crooks tied with gross scores of 103; the
tie will be played off over thirty-six holes
to-day.
¦ ' - ":¦•• .
THE San Francisco and Oakland Golf
Club members are beginning to man
ifest renewed activity after the sum
mer season. The committees will
soon have schedules of tournaments for
the autumn meetings ready. On Labor
day and Admission day the San Francisco
Golf Club held tournaments against
"bogey," match play, the first of which
was won by L. B. Edwards, after playing
off a tie with J. W. Byrne. John. Lawson
won the second.
Coaches and Trainers Take Col
lege Men in Hand in Antici
pation of Practice Games*
Championship Tournament at
San- Rafael Attracts a Great
Attendance of Spectators
Presidio and Oak/and Experts
Preparing for Games on Links
on Both / Sides of the Bay
GOLFERS READY
FOR AUTUMN
MATCHES.
FOOTBALL TEAMS
SETTLE DOWN
TO WORK.
TENNIS REGAINS
ITS FORMER
FAVOR.
9
SPORTS FOR THE AUTUMNTHE SUNDAY CALIi.
WHERE YOU MUST NOT
WEAR A HIGH HAT.
ONE of the indications of the-prob
able disruption of the Austrian em
pire at no distant date, on the
death of the present sovereign, for
instance, is the antipathy of the Czechs
to the high hat. To make your appear
ance In certain parts of Bohemia in such
headgear is distinctly dangerous. You
would not only have It knocked off and
trampled out of shape, but also stand a
good chance of being knocked out of
shape yourself. ' This hatred of the tall
hat . Is aue to the fact that it is mors
commonly worn in Vienna and other Ger
man portions of the empire than outside*
Germanic Austria. The Czechs and the
other races that make up the dominion of
the Emperor Francis Joseph object to the
predomination of the- German aad show
their hatred b^ assailing the tall 'hat and,
of course,, in other ways.— Pearson's
Weekly. - ; •
the first opportunity presented to a news
paper man to live with the priests in their
kivas during their ceremonial days and
witness all that thex- did.
The moment I was introduced to Pol
ihungwa, the antelope chief, he named
me Gircfemvoici. or "Black Eyes," be
cause I wore dark-colored glasses. To
W. Simpson of the Santa Fe road he
gave the name of Shiva Mongwe, or
"Railroad Chief." Thg&e names were
adopted by Lomanakshu, the snake chief.
The ceremony of the snake-washing,
which occurs on the afternoon of the
dance, was witnessed by seven white peo
ple at Mishongnovi. One of these was
Miss Frieda Voth. who is the first woman
to ' attend the ceremony in any of the
kivas, and I presume the fact that she
saw the 'horrid affair from first to last
without so much as a shudder was due to
Her long residence among the Hopi and
her familiarity with. the snake dance.
•No effort ;rrss mad* to prevent the
harmless . varieties; from biting the.
dancers, which they. did repeatedly. Time
and again the rattlers and the bull snakes
proved too strong for the grasp of the
mouthi and fell writhing to the iirround.
Many times, during the, ceremony a huge
rattler or a fast racer broke through the
circle^ef dancers and was away' into the
crowd of spectators. The escape of the
snake was greeted by a chorus of feml
nineJ screams and , a scattering for places
of safety.
'As, soon as a snake struck" the ground
the "gatherer" was over him, tickling
him with his feather whip. This, never
failed to prevent the Incipient coil of the
deadly rattler, and as soon as the reptile
straightened- out rand tried .to escape the
"gatherer" stooped down and picked him
up, grasping it just back of the head.' r ¦',
' As - the dance proceeded and all the
snakes had been taken from the kisi the
"gatherers" frequently held unconcern
edly in one hand a bunch of from three
to seven; or eight snakes of all varieties.
The snakes wound and twisted themselves
into indiscriminate -knots in the; ".gath
.erer's'^hand, their heads forming a suf
ficiently, fearsome, group to pleas.e the
; most 'blase spectator. -
'At one end ox the plaza, ,arrang tJ d in a
heads while' the chiefs muttered a prayer
to the snakes, their "elder brothers." ,
Suddenly the snake priests . broke their
line and quickly arranged theriiselves into
groups of three. ' '.
The first in, each: group is called the
'.'carrier, 1 ', the second the "hugger" and
the; third the "gatherer." The hugger in
each group placed his left arm around the
shoulder of the ''carrier" and . both as-'
sumed a crouched _, position. Followed by'
the "gatherers" 'these groups began. their
procession in. front, of the kisi. Each
"carrier',' Jin turn- knelt before the kisi,
drew aside- the curtain,, thrust: his hand
into the concealed bag and a moment later
was on his feet with a snake in" his .mouth'/
The rattles of the antelopes mingled with
their'loud arid guttural ! chanting and the
rattling of the rattles ' of the" snakes was
the. unearthly • music to ;which the snake
chiefs bore their fearful burdens ; around
the dance rock and down the length- of
the plaza, v " - : \ , ..• ':¦».'• ¦-" -V •
.Almost before I could' realize what had
occurred nine snafie priests were .winding
about with from one to four snakes' in'
their mouth.- their Hpa and ; teeth ' grasp
ing ' the reptiles,' < sometimes : close to the
heads and - at others half-way down th©
..Among the eighty or more snakes used
there were fully twenty rattlers, whose
slightest bite meant death to the dancer; v _
'/ Their fangs were undrawn arid they had"
not been doctored.". - ~Vv
The. other snakes ,were bull snakes,, red
and blue racers and. whip snakes. .\'\ ' •,
It was certainly, calculated to send the
cold^shivers along the spine. to see these
men with eyes shut, hands held in a sup-,
plicatory : position,; the unmistakable light
of fanaticism on their faces, circling about
with their' writhing, twisting- and twining
burdeps - depending .'from, their mouths.
The. "hugge'rs"-"- vigorously waved their
whips before' the,- snakes 'to keep them
from ; colling and frequently .used .the'
whips to. pull the snakes- from the hairi
neck and face of the "carrier.".. The rat
tler, cannot strike* when uncoiled and' this
is one secret of their, reckless handling.
The huge bulls constantly wound their
coils . about the neck and arms of . the
"carriers" . and j repeatedly struck .at their
closed, eyes. Frequently, they blt^them
upon the cheek, thrust' heads into their
ears and nostrils, twisted and' wound
themselves in the; long black hair hang
ing", about ; the shoulders of the dancers,"
their -red tongues playing incessantly like
forked lightening.
and from.it depends a sash of liuctrsTitn
fringes.
Down the back from the girdle of 'the
kilt hangs the skin of a fox arid on the
right leg is tied a huge - rattle -made, of
turtle shell. . ' ' '
Each carries a bandoleer of buckskin
string hanging" from the left shoulder, and
all. have snake whips, made of a stick
painted red and bound to whioh are two
etxgle feathers. In his arm the chief ca'r
ries his symbol of office,", the timponi.
Like the' antelopes they circle the plaza
four times, but Koing faster and in a
wider eireu-mf erenee. Occasionally a mere
boy, not over five years of age and who
has just received his initiation in the
kiva,/ stops and swings .his ."bull roarer,"
which is a flat piece of wood tied to . a
long" string:. The'effect-is' that of -a min
iature thunder clap; which mingles with
the. rattles of .the antelopes, resembling
the' patter of falling rain. Almost before
the detail of their costume could be taken
in the snake priests were in line facing
the antelopes. Standing close together
they began in unison with th'e antelopes
a low, solemn and rhythmical chant,
stamiiiiTfe their right, feet .upon the
ground. ' ' • -.;¦.'¦ • ¦ . . ¦ ¦
i The snake priests"; waved their whlpg
first to the right and then to the left and
the antelopes their .rattles. The effect
upon the nerves was indescribable. Low
and deliberate at first the chant 'rose and
grew in volume until it became a''gut
tural roar. The stamping of. the feet was
varied by a vigorous swaying of the body
forward and, back like the lope of a horse.
Presently the» boy bearing his gourd "of
water broke from' the line and walking
- between the rows of priests sprinkled each
¦- and ¦ also the kisi. The * priest with the
sacred meal did exactly as the boy had
done,with the water.. 'r . * ;'•
The chanting lasted, about ten minutes
when it died away 'to a moan. 'The whips
ceased waving and the rattles were qulet. :
There was a moment's" pause,- during
which the' priests remained *with bowed
dwell the red clouds, the blue clouds, the
white clouds and the yellow clouds.
.Four is their mystic number or symbol.
As they pass the kisi where the snakes
are iying each breathes a prayer upon
the sacred meal which he carries in his
hand, sprinkles some of it on , the board
which ' he carries In his hand, sprinkles
some of it on the board which has been
set over a hole dug into the ground' in
front of the kisi and stamps his right foot,
upon the board. This is to give notice
to the spirits that the ceremony is about
to begin.
The circling of the plaza completed the
antelopes line up in front of the. kisi wilh
their hacks to it. The kisi is made of
four eottonwood sticks driven into '. the
ground to a height of four feet and hold
togciher by cross \ sticks. About the
stakes are hound ar.d twisted boughs of
eottonwood to a height of ' fifteen feet.
Reeds are bound * with leather thongs
about the lower portion of the . klsl and
the opening is covered with a blanket.
There is a rmmjerifs pause after the Hrft
up of the antelopes when the snake chief
is seen entering the plaza. He is about
ten feet in advance of his twenty-six de
votees. His head is erect and -he walks
with a fast and long stride. .Down the
entire length, of the plaza they go, the
spectators scattering right and left, the
ttytle-sheil rattles sounding/ like, hail fall
ing on a board roof. Their costume is
even more, striking'^ than that of -the'an
telopes. Their "naked bodies from the face
down are painted. a somber black. Two
large pink spots mark the shoulder blades
and the center of the back bears "a* white'
spot. Their hair, having been ceremonial
ly washed in^seared meal and water! is
adorned by bunches of red and blue feath
ers. The black- of the bodies is further
relieved by large spots" painted on the legs,
the pink alternating with the white. Arm
bands of cotton . root are" worn. A kilt
around the bottom of which is painted the
black zigzag emblem of the snake is worn,
TMAGINE i mesa of solid rock rising
abruptly over 600 feet above a. seem-
I ingly endless expanse of red sand— a
veritable Gibraltar of the desert. Ap-
¦ parently there is no way of scaling
Its height, and yet hidden among the huge
volcanic fragments that the elements
have worn and torn and tumbled helter
skelter down Its precipitous sides are nar
row trails of stone steps hollowed into the
rocks by the continual friction of ages.
Such is Walpl, on the first of the three
mesas that have been the home of the
Hop! or Moki Indians probably since ages
before Columbus began his search for a
new world.
Imagine yourself upon the top of this
mesa. Skirting its eastern^ edge is a
plaza, narrow and long. Plunking it on
west is a row of stone houses rising one
upon the other. If you were to walk 10)
feet to the east you would plunge over
a sheer cliff hundreds of feet below. Gath
ered upon tlie sides of thes» a~c en" dwel"
ings, crowding their top? and tilling every
inch of the spa'-e. are perhaps 200 Ameri
cans, as many more Indians of a half
dozen tribes, Mexicans and even Japa
nese. It is an amphitheater carved by^the
hand of nature— a stage setting that the
art of man could not approach. The gaudy
coloring of the Indian holiday attire pre
sents a eharp contrast to the more som
ber attire of the tourist, the anthropolo
gist, the ethnologist and the scientist. As
you gaze upon th!s scene you forgot that
thlB is the twentieth century and that not
100 tnllee away rune one of the great trans
continental art«-rle* of commerce and civ
ilization. Civilization ncemii very |far
away. You havo left It behind. It may
be Kgypt in the time, of the pyramid
building, you are apt ft) think. It cannot
be America, where the millennium Ih be-
In/ talked of; for are you not about to
witnon* one nf the mont barbarous an<l
weird rHlKloufi momonlen on record— tho
Moki ftisiUf dance?
On the afternoon of AuguM 2K nn Ari
zona Kunnct wan just beginning to mix
pigment* of partl-colorrd hue* to scatter
them Indiscriminately over the wind
beaten and *«nd «<trewn expanse of thfl
Painter Desert. The blue peaks of the
San Francisco Mountains were recelvins
their baptism of color*. A band of
Etruec.in gold wrapped itself about the
mountains and mingled with the blue and
the brown; the inimitable purple and car*
mine mixed with the red sands of the
desert. The "light that never was on land
nor sea" had '.ast Its spell from horizon
to horizon. In the kivas or underground
dwell!ng8 the make and antelope priests
were waiting their signal— the dipping of
the sun behind the topmost peak of the
San Franclscos.
Suppressed excitement was everywhere.
An aged priest of the snake order, totter
ing with the weight of years, climbs the
ladder of the kiva.
He bears a sack in his hand, and the
whisper runs along the mesa that the
snakes are coming.
. They are In " the bag, which the priest
carefully deposits in the kisi, not five feet
away from a row of spectators perched
irpon the lower wall of a house.
All doubt regarding the contents of the
bag are dispelled when Major Burton, the
Indian agent, steps forward and requests
the people to remain quiet, ' so that the
snakes may not become excited and there
fore hard to handle.
His words bring a hush over the laugh'
ing and joking assemblage.
From the top of the highest house in
the village a Moki form appears. He is
the town crier who requests that the Nav
ajos deliver their revolvers to the Indian
police and that the Moki women dress
their children before permitting them to
appear upon the mesa.
Parenthetically It is well to state that
the snake dance is purely a religious cere
mony, the culmination of nine days of
ceremonial observances, a prayer to the
gods of the clouds, the rain, the wind, the
thunder and the lightning that sufficient
rain may water the pgrched crops so that
the village may not suffer from hunger,
and thirst. Small wonder that in this
country the inhabitants should worship
the gods that produce rain and should in- ;
voke the aid of Balulukong. the plumed
Berpent who has" supreme power over the
springs and the rain. The snake dance is"*
the climax of this prayer which, barbar
ous though It be. is awe-inspiring in its
intensity.
-The coming of the antelope priests Is
heralded by the whirr of their rattles,
which are made of buckskin rawhide
stretched over a small wooden band or
hoop and inside of which are kernels of
corn and watermelon seeds.
Their dress is fantastic, and ex
travagant to a degree.
Their arms to the elbows and their legs
to the knees are painted white. The chin
Is colored a deep black and a white line
extends from ear to ear over the upper
portion of the lip, giving the face made
gaunt by prayer and fasting a ghastly and
unnatural look. White zigzag lines extend
along the upper arms, down the chest,
thighs and backs. A bunch of eagle feath
ers adorn the hair and some have wreaths
of cotton wood boughs about their heads.
Fancy kilts and sashes are worn. Arm,
wrist and ankle bands, yarn bandoleers,
beads and moccasins complete the cos
tume.
There are twelve, and one of their num
ber bears a platter of sacred meal and
another, a mere boy, an open gourd of
water.
"With solemn and majestic tread the an
telopes begin their circle of the plaza.
Slowly.. they wind about four times, once
tor each of the world Quarters - where
broken semicircle, were groups of maidens
dressed In ceremonial robes of white and
red and bearing platters of meaL As tha
dancers passed them each maiden sprink
led the meal over the face of the dancer
and on the snakes. After about fifteen
minutes of this spectacle the "gather
ers" had secured all the snakes. The
snake chief drew a circle of meal upon,
the ground .In front of the dance rock and
then sprinkled the incloaure wlth^meal.
At a sign from him the gatherers threw
all the snakes upon the bed of meal,
whereupon there was a concerted rush
v for the sickening mass. In an Incredible.
Vfehort space of time every snake h«d been
taken from the ground, each priest se
curing all he could, and all were away
Jhvn the steep sides of the mesa, holding
ihe wriggling serpents aloft.
Each snake was deposited at soma
shrine in the desert, and within a quarter
of an hour all the priests were back and
gathered upon the. plaza on the west side
of the mesa. . . \
Near the rock were standing tubs and
gourds of medicine brewed by the snake
i'womeiKfrom herbs. Into the boiling mass
had been thrown all the "prayer" beetles
the snake priests were able to gather
during the morning: of the ninth day.
Using this limiid. the maidens who had
assisted in* the dance washed the paint
from the bodies of the men, whose only
clothing- was then a breechcloth. Th«
washing finished, the maidens gave a
large bowl of the fluid to each priest, who
drank it in lar^e gulps. The effect was
almost Instantaneous, and kneellns alonaf
the cliff were nearly forty nude priests,
violently wrenching. I was told that this
wu» a puriticattun ceremony, and also
that the emetic wna a cure for srutk*
polnon. Howover thl» may be. It waa a
(rood preparation for the feuat which fol
lowed the dunce and which wu» given in
the kivu* In the evening. The following
tiny wiih given up to varlou* fames on
)h«t rru-Hii und in th« Holds. •
The qnrntlon l» frequently asked, "Ar«
the Cancers ever poisoned by th« bite of
th© inakea?" and It hun always been an
t.vercd in the negattve. After the cere-
TV'Jiiy I found one of the 'priest* who w«i
deathly sick nnd who claimed through a«
Interpreter to have been poisoned by on«
of the lattlfra he hud carried. During
the evening he partook freely of the
emetic and the next -morning he was as
well as any man on the mesa. Whether
his sickness was due to hi* fasting and
the saliva he swallowed In carrying th»
snakes or to snake poison I cannot say.
1 have described the Walpl snake dance
because It ia the more spectacular. Th«
dance which occurred at Mtshongnovi.on
the middle mesa two .days previous to" the
Walpi dance is more primitive and gen
uine.
This year Dr. George A. Dorsey, curator
of the -Field Columbian Museum of Chi
cago, assisted by H. R. Voth, Mennonita
missionary at Oraibi, followed every de
tail of the nine days' ceremony at Mish
ongnovi for the purpose of solving the
mysteries which surround them, and the
result of their work will be given In a
joint paper to be got out under the
auspices of the museum.
It was the first time that a "pahan" or
white man had been permitted to watch
the si:ake-washins at Mishongnovi. I was
one of the seven who saw it. and I had
THE SNAKE DANCE
AT WALPI
BY S GLEN ANDRUS
10Victory : belongs to the most persever
ing.—Napoleon.
Self-respect Is the corner stone of all
virtues.— John Herschel. : j-H;
Character Is the diamond that scratches
every other stone.— Bartol. » •. r^; j
Pile luxury as high as you will, health
Is better.— Julia Ward Howe.
Men are measured by what they do,
not by what they possess.— Voltaire.
Punctuality, honesty- and brevity are
the watchwords of life.— C. W. Field."
Brevity Is; the best recommendation of
speech, whether in a. senator or in an
orator.— Cicero. • v. /-. ..!>_- • •,>- r
To be thrown upon one's own resources
is to.be cast Into the very lap of for-
giving partner a safe finesse against the
declared weak hand. ;
When partner has signaled or led
trurnpsrvJf you^ hold four or more you
s'hould- echo by making the signal for
trumps yourself if possible. \
Some ,players-i echo three trumps. It
should be understood between partners
whether they echo three or four trumps
or more to , prevent \, your*partner , from
drawing the last trump from you, think
ing it against' him. Good players never
fall to use this conventionality of the
game. ".".¦¦-. : , ' .. - ' ;
You can echo In the manner you t tak'e a
force. Thus, A has signaled for trumps
and B is forced. He holds the ten, seven,
four and two, of .trumps.', He trumps with
the four and plays out' the two, arid
has echoed four trumps. Had B held only
the ten,- seven and four, | he would trump
with the four, and play out \ the ten,
showing one more or no more. . .
Again. A has called and B is forced.
proves to you that the lead Is forced or
Irregular; a lead which may be made
toward the end of the hand frequently.
When. you can take a trick and still hold
command of ., the suit, holding ace and
king,- you should play king second hand
in plain suits.
If you should hold a double tenace. Ilka
the ace, queen, 10, you should usually play
the 10 to a low card led.
. When an honor Is led do not cover with
another honor unless it is the ace. You
should usually cover an honor with the
ace If you hold It. ¦ . ,..
When you have 5 or'- 6 In suit and the
ace unless very ; strong -in trumps yea
should play the ace at second hand.
.When you hold a singly guarded cou::t
'card w play low, unless the. card led Is
higher than the 6._ '-;-..,.. . .
.Holding three cards, like the 9, 7, 2, ,1:o
the'S led, play the 9; or the king, 9, 2, r.o
the 8 led, play the 9. It may save a hig-'a
card for nartner. .. . . ' .. .
In trumps, with .the king singly guard-
ed, play the king at second hand unless
trumps are led by right hand opponent
in answer to a call from the left hand
opponent. /: V'
Next week the lesson will be upon third
and fourth hand. play and the subecho.
There is another and more effective
signal for trumps made by the play of one
curd alone. " That is by a single discard
Hamilton says: "Fine players rarely
make, use of this signal In its simplest
form. Players with - good whist percep
tion will generally. see the necessity for a
trump lead without waiting for this com
mon device of the novice."
tion many writers on the game differ
upon. Some say you should* hold five
trumps at least; others four, with two
honors. The mere fact of holding. four
good trumps or even, five or six la not a
good reason for the "call." The usual
object of leading out the trumps is for the
purpose of bringing In a long suit or for
the protection of high cards In the dif
ferent suits. If you have not this object
in view you should not call, even though
you have a strong trump suit. Some
times the fall of the cards or partner's
lead will show you that he is strong In the
suits or a suit and it would then be neces
sary to call for or lead trunips right awcy.
The signal can be made with any of the
cards. . Tile ten and then a lower one, or
the nine, etc., reversing the usual order of
play. In reading your partner's signal
voti must be Careful to ' dietinsruish be
tween r an unnecessarily high card and a
card played" to cover at second hand or
r card of protection. (Second hand play
trill deal more clearly with this subject.)
When to "signal" for trumps is a ques-
a— jvO "signal" or "call," for trumps, is a
I convention of the game of whist,
| agreed to and accepted by the best
I whist players, and is made by the
play of an unnececsarily high card,
when bjr subrcqucnt play you show you
could have played a lower one; for in
stance, you,' as theVfourth player to a
trick \ycn by the third hand, throw the
five and en the next round of the same
suit you drcp the trey. You have made the
trump "signal." and in the "language of
the cards" you ask your partner to lead
a trump at, the first opportunity— a com
mand he is bound to obey in most cases.
By "Mrs.
Adolph Jfess
of the Jan pranclsco Whist
Club.
ON HOW TO PLAY THIS
"BEST OF ALL SAMES"
FOURTH IN THE SERIES OF
WHIST ARTICLES
of a card higher than the seven of a suit
that has not been played. Thus A and B
are partners. A Iead3 the king of hearts
and B plays the live of hearts. On the
second lead, A plays the ace of hearts and
if B, who is now void of hearts, plays the
nine of diamonds he has issued a call for
trumps. . Had he discarded a deuce or trey
he would be inviting a force and there
fore publishing weakness in the trump
suit.
The advantage of this signal over the
other. lies in the fact that If your partner
is in the lead at the time, the "call" is
answered before the opponents have taken
any advantage of the information In any
way.
There are other ways of making the
trump signal— by refusing to trump a.sure
winning card or refusing to" take a force
from partner; both are' positive calls for
trumps.
You should be careful about calling
while the opponents are in the lead, for
when you declare strength in trumps
against them they may play for a ruff, or
cross-rtjff.
You should refuse to answer the call if
your right-hand opponent completes a call
at the same time as your partner, for
jou would be leading through your part
ner's hand up to declared strength. Should
your left-hand opponent,.: however, and
your partner call at the same time you
should lead your best, trump through him.
With three cards (of; a; suit led) In'se
quence you 'should usually play the lower
of the sequence. If you hold the card next
higher and 'the ' card just below in rank
to the card led you should always cover,"
as you have, what is termed a fourchette.
To a conventional lead of a high card you
cannot hold a fouxchette. and holding ona
The play of second hai}d has been
changed. somewhat by Arr.eri an leads, the
play of fourth best cards and leads from
high card combinations. Second hand can
sometimes count the cards so as to know
the exact' combinations. They are led
from when he has certain cards in • his
own hand of the same suit. There 'is a
rule, taken from "Foster's Manual,"
called "Foster's rule of eleven," applica
ble when a fourth best card Is led. It is
to deduct from eleven the number of spot3
on the card led, and the remainder is the
number of cards that "are 'against the
leader higher than the one led. If the
eight is led there are three cards higher
than the eight against. the. leader, second
'hand holding* all three . of : those " cards
must cover- the eight led.
Holding ace, ten, four and two of trumps,
he trumps with the four and leads the
ace. ,The two not. falling to the first
round partner- must give it to him, with
one trump more. Had he trumped with
the two and led the ace partner could
give him but one more trump.
-Four men; in, London, 'all of. respectable
standing fp 'society^ so closely resemble
Klng.Edv/ard in appearance that it is oft
en a : source of embarrassment to them. \
>. Edward's usual incognito -when travel
ing abroad has been Baron Renfew. He
has also been known as. Mr. Moulton. and
in Congtantinople, which the Prince and
Princess of Wales visited soon after their
marriage, the pair went about' through
the bazaars as plain Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liams.
How long will the King live? There Is
an old gypsy saying that tha Princo of
Wales would die by violence as soon as
"a great honor was conferred upon him."
The predictions of this gypsy are said to
have come true in regard to other mem
bers of European royal families. The
King has never shown the slightest fear
of assassination. The Insurance com
panies are rapidly approaching the- limit
of the risk they will accept on King Ed
ward's life. , His expectation, according to
insurance tables, is 14.1 years. Allowance
for moral hazard or the chance of assas
sination, reduces this to ten years.
As a public speaker the King has shown
mastery of such intricate and diverse sub
jects as art. literature, dramatic history,
military matters, engineering, shipping,
civic institutions, the study of the Bible
and mission work, the history of Egypt,
the Irish question, the management of
lifeboats, collegiate education, ambulance
and first" aid training, agricultural im
provements, live stocK breeding, the re
claiming of barren land, the management
of hospitals, the housing of the poor, tho
Darwinian theory, railways and their
management and musical training.
Between January 1 and September 1 of
last year Edward went to forty-three pub
lic dinners and banquets, to twenty-five
garden parties and concerts, thirty times
to the opera and theater, to twenty-eight
race meetings; eleven times he was .In at
tendance at the House of Lords, and he
fulfilled forty-tive official and charitable
engagements.
In his own set his favorite topic of con
versation has been clothes. The Kins
is an expert shoemaker, a handicraft he
chose to learn when a boy, being obliged
by his royal parents to learn some trade."
He has worn shoes of hia own make.
One of the happiest moments of tbe
King's life was when he won the Derby
with Persimmon in i 1896. Shooting, the
King places above all other entertain
ments that carj be offered him. and his
principal visits have always been paid
in the shooting season. Yachting he un
derstands thoroughly. The King is an
inveterate smoker.
Under "Likes and Dislikes." the King
has written in the Duches3 of Fife's al
bum over his signature: "I am the hap
piest when I have no public engagement
to fulfill, when I can smoke a really good
cigar and read a good' novel on the quiet;
when I can, like plain Mr. Jones, go to
a race meeting without being chronicled
in the paper the next morning that the
Prince of .Wales has taken to gambling:
very seriously and lost more money than
he can ever afford to pay; when I can
spend a quiet evening with the Prlnces3
and my family. I am unhappiest when
I have a raging toothache and nave' to a t
\ tend some function where I must smile
as pleasantly as though I never bad a
pain In my life."
Edward VII is rather a light eater, ex-.
cept at dinner, and has never been a
great wine drinker.*
In the matter of gifts the King has been
abundantly favored. They vary in size
from a cat to a hotel. Dogs, cats and other
quadrupeds galore have been given or left
to the King by request. His name b.VS
been mentioned in not far from a hundred
wills as the recipient of the family <3nu,
and on more than one'occasion an annuity
has been left by a testator in order tha:
the maintenance of the animal should be
no expense to the royal master.
One- hobby of Edward's is collecting
crystals. He also knows all about cerr.m
ics and bronzes.
One of the King's treasures is. a solid
gold dinner set, the most magnificent in
the' world. It is valued at *4 ,000,000 and ia
kept at Windsor Castle. Another unlnue
t specimen of it's kind belonging to- Edward
is the state, carriage, which cost $40,000. In
addition to being the most ornate vehicle
in existence It is said to be one of the
most uncomfortable. Queen Victoria never
i used it when she could avoid doing so, a3
jit always gave her a headache. . .¦ jj^l
! King Edward's champion, the Champion
j of England, is a young Lincolnshire
J farmer named Dymoke. He is of a stu-
I dious and retiring disposition, little given
' to the gayeties of the great- world. - 1: -fa
• said he is somewhat exercised over the
necessity of fulfilling ' the duties, of h-:3.
office. This is to ride out of the hall
where the banquet is held after the coro
nation, clad in »teel armor,, and challenge
all comers to deny the title of the new
sovereign. He then pledges the King h\.
the golden goblet tilled with wine, flnatly
backing his 'horse from the royal presence.
Young Dymoke possesses this honor . by
virtue of holding tbe manor of Scrivelssby,
which his ancestors have held since the
time of the Norman Kings. The DymoJ»es
got the manor by marriage more than 300
years ago, and since then have actea us
Champion at each coronation.— New York
Sun.
Mansion House quarterhy, signed by the
{King, and is a survival of an ancient cus
tom. ¦¦.';. '¦:._.: - : ; '•.. v v \ '
about $300,000; as King he gets about 13000
a day. ; •
rTbe Km%r,.-the Lord Mayor and the Con
stable of the Tower are the only persons
.who know the password of the Tower of
Gordon.- This password .. is sent to the
KING EDWARD VII of England
-' reigns" over about 400,000,000 people,
¦ .or. a- quarter of mankind. As
".Prince of WaJes ' his income was
KING EDWARD VII
AS A MAN AND AS
A RULER.
J» K the glorious days or King George 3! 1
| mm wen.- silk or velvet coats cf all 1
ii colors- cf the rainbow, says ihe Ax ]
feOsy. They tripped mliieingly along
upon their toes, supporting upon ilieii
heads a wheelbarrow of peruke jroycrlfl
vith a busbel of powder, their "Stet:i
berkf" was; sprinkled with eiittff. tiicii
sword knots trailed ainv;:n to the ground. ]
ami their swords OKngleJ from tfc<- lhtb
button: pearl colored silk 'stocking.? uiui ;
rod heeled shoos completing their-' tws : j
tume. it seems uiaica as though cno cf
"those gbdaease*. the Gunnings," hai
Panned the ioliowirgr lines to Oenrge Sei
sin at Paris in 1706, insicad of the spoil
ing Earl of March, subsequently "Old u..
10": "The muff you sent me by' the Duke
<jf Richmond I like proJis^ous!:. . vastly
better than if It had been 'tigre' or any
glaring color; several are now making
alter it." And again in 1775 he -write.-*:
"Pray brinp me two cr three bottie^ of
perfumes and some patterns of yelvcM j
that are new and pretty.'.' j
Almost to the last moment of his life J
a piece of rich waistcoating was as much
an object .of attraction to the great Mar
quis YVeHeslty as it would have been to
any of the most frivolously minded youn?
dandies about the town. Indeed, this
nobleman would frequently sit alone ir. j
solitary stat^. "en grande toilette." with I
his 'blue ribbon and garter, as if about to !
appear at a royal "levee."
In the year 173S there arose on the hori
zon of fashion, cr rather there blazed in
its full meridian, that wonderful phenom
enon of tlegance. George Bryan Brum
mell. Born in 1777. the son of nr. undoc
secretary of Lord North's', and educated
at Eton, he enjoyed the crc'lit of be'ng
the best scholar, the best oarsman and
the best cricketer of the day. Though net '
a gentleman by des-cent. he yet made
plenty of aristocratic friends, and be::;:?
regarded as a sort of "Admirable Crieh
ton" experienced little oilliculty in obtain
ing the entree to Devonshire House,
wncre he was introduced to the Pr'ice
Keger.t. who gave him a. commission in
the Tenth Hussars.
Until Erummeil came upon the scene t!u
prince, though not remarkable for nip
taste, had. thanks to his rank, been con
stituted the "master of elesaccfee," or
Kiader of the dandies; but he was at one*
dethroned by the superior genius of
Brurarncll, who retained the sovereignty
till the year 1S17. During: this period lie
btcame the model of all men who wished
to dress well, and when he had struck out
a new idea he would smile at its graaual
progress townward from the highest to
the Lowest c!a?se?. To the last of his fetay
in England he continued to wear powder,
rather priding: himself upon preserving
this remnant cf the "vleille cour." His
clothes were a perfect study. The coat
was general]}' of tylue cloth, ana its cel
lar raised against the back of the head
like ihe hood of a monk— a style familial 1
to us in pictures and miniatures of the
period — the buckskin or r.iiiikeen breeches
v.«:re s.j incredibly tight that they could
only be got on with immense labor, an-.l
could only be taken off in the same nm:i
r.-?r as an eci is divested of its skin.
Then came a waistcoat about four
i::chcs long, open o:i the chest, displaying
a stiff white muslia cravat. Hessian boois
c6rrfp!eted the' costume, and to these tlie
Beau "paid particular - attention.' .Th:-y
w ? c:e commonly re-ported as being blaek
*;iic-l "aa vin cle champagne"; at any
i ate, two shoemakers were supposed 1<j
hiVjre the ' ptrfeciness of their fit; utw
made the right ' and the other the lctt
foot. He had three glovers for his hands,
one cf whom was exclusively charp.-d
with the cutting out of his thumbs. Three
hairdressers were likewise engaged to.
dress his hair.
As fcr the personal appearance of this
sublime dandy, "his face," we read, "was
rather long, his features neither plain nor
ugly, his forehead unusually high, hair
light brown, v.'hiskers inclined to b2
sandy, eyes gray and full of oddity." His
conversation, without havir.g the wit and
humcr of Lord Alvanley, another of the
dandies, was highly agreeable and amus
ing; indeed, Brummey has never bean
surpassed or equaled since. The Prince
of Wales would frequently come of a
morning to see the beau's house in Ches
terfield street, to witness his toilet, ai'd
to acquire the art of tying his own'nerk
er^hief "a '.la mode." For many years
notwithstanding the great disparity of
rank, Brummell continued the Prince's in
timate friend. At last, however, a cool
ness sprang up between them, and the
- "mirror of fashion" was forbidden the
royal presence.
The Prince — then King — saw the poor
dar.dy once many years after when pass
ing through Calais. Thackeray says;
"The bankrupt Eeau sent him then a
gau£ffcox with some of the snuff- he usid
to love, as a piteous token of i remem
brance and submission, and the King took
the snuff and ordered his horses and drove
on and had not the grace to notice 'lis
old companion, favorite, rival, enemy,
superior!" Brumiaell, of course, ha-1
many successors, but . "the old order
changeth," and none of them ever at
tained to the Olympian heights of his
dandyism, not even the elegant D'Orsay,
who for a time was constituted the ki:i;j
of fashion and held poor Brummell's
scepter.
SOMETHING ABOUT
THE DUDES OF
LONG AGO
Jhe tfj* Qjli nsborough* fiat—Made }b*» aftfailVQ Daughter. &)crn by a Italive Pqugtier and Cmcmenied COith
' California Qs.riCiFjjihsrs.
The greatest novelty in
the new fall styles is . tl. 3
kimono vi run. The Frene l
have just discovered the
picturesque Japanese gar
ment and t'ney have quick
ly appropriated it for their V
very own, as they always do y
the artistic. Consequently
iipht cloth richly embroid
ered is quite the proper thing
for opera wraps; while dark \.
cloth, trimmed with fur and vel- .
vet. is an all around winter coat.".
The sleeves are quite tight fitting
at the top and slope away to a mod
erate- size at the bottom. Sometimes
row of velvet or fur are put on horizon
tally down the entire length of the sleeve.
Of course, the kimono is double breasted
and is generally finished with a large co'.
lar. • .
But then, again, that is a novelty, and
there are two very distinct objections to
it. First, -that it looks a triile theatrical
and then, again, it costs a small fortune.
One thing is absolutely certain— it will not
b^ common. No one need fear that.
As long as the kimono is going to be
so rare, something will have to serve the
general public.
The prettiest things for between sea
eons are the Russian blouses of taffeta
or clotb. They are tucked or side plaited,
but never severely plain. The full sleeves
are gathered into 1 a cu2 four inches or
more in . depth, or into a narrow wrist
handf The newest are trimmed with three
little cap*s,. properly ,. : known, jts Carrick
capes. These are in turn trimmed with
ornamental stitching, stitched appUyued
bands or with lace.
Dainty separate belts of shirred black
satin are often worn with the Russian
blouses. Each end has a simple heading
of itself and the, belt hook on the left side
of the front. Both styles are new an-1
very different from the long coats that
have been worn so commonly the past
year. And, by the way. the kings of the
mode say that all coatts will be long, bu:
the best dressed women are saying they
won't wear them. Who will win out?
All the shops say emphatically "this is
to be a velvet winter," and it will be a
pretty change from the chiffon and mou
«eline that have been all the rage. Cash
mere, serge and crepe de chine will swell
the list and give everybody a chance to
appear well dressed.
This is justlhe time when all are racto
Ing their brains, about their winter
clothes. Summer garments all look like
la«t year's, and the dressy little miss
fails to feel entirely comfortable in
them. • J
A swell v.ay to make a crepe de chi;ia
is to have the front of the skirt laid in
such tiny tucks, so closely nestled U.- :
gether that they give the effect of a
band of chenille. The lower part i3
trimmed with two slightly graduated
ruffies, each bordered with a shirn.1
puff of "taffeta. This is worn with a
little bolero -of- Black- taffeta with nar
row-basque^'ends behind, over a front
cf guipure. To give* a dainty finishing
iouch, the bolero is laced 'across- tha
front- with black velvet, with hanging
knotted ends:*
Gray will be worn more than ever, ;.
and where could one find a daintie*
color? A -charming gray dress is mad:|
of gray frieze, with the skirt trimmed
with two flat shaped ruffles, piped with
a narrow border of gray taffeta. The
plaited Russian blouse is finished with
three little Carrick capes, one above
OME wise woman said that any
y»^. clever person could dress well on
V J u small income if she only knew
f w^ hov.-. The woman who can man
age to be smartly put together
this season -for a. mere uong will be more
than clever— she will be an absolute gen-
The hat is alxvays the first and weight
est consideration. If that is becoming
'.he other articles of dress run in a minor
strain! This year tne y are Huffy, large
md more than swagger looking. But they
• ire the hardest things to wear well that
.•ave'ever been invented.
- Take the Gainsborough, for instance. It
s extremely largo, very tilted and lop
-ided and has long trailing feathers ar
ar.ged in a conspicuous fashion. To say
:he hast, it attracts attention.
The one pictured is. of brown • velvet.
That is. the foundation is of velvet. The
crown itself is made entirely of chenille
jir.d the velvet brim is held in place by a
row of tiny steel buckles. The under brim
s a mass of shirieJ and corded plisse
.'eivet. while smuggling close to the hair
s an interwoven knot of cream colored
phss malines. The curious ostrich feath
.ms F«*ep over the brim and add height to
the hat. The very back has a small satin
backed velvet bow that just 'falls over the
hair.
Could any one imagine a hat with any
thing mere or. it?
And yet it is a very keen affair. Eut
how many women can successfully
»tar it? Such a hat entirely ruas
away vith a little lady, while a g.rl
with a full face certainly fails to .
look her bast in it. That crea- £
lion was made for a few— 9 -M
very few— people, and so ar« m
most of the hats that will be ' m
' worn this winter. It mear.3 f
an all day's business to se
lect the headgear that will
prove satisfactory.
This year, unlike last,
the fashions are late, and
when that is the case be
i svare of your pocketbook.
Mischief is brewirrr-
The daintiest possible gown for evening
wear is made of rose crepe, trimmed with
two kinds of lace,' one of which is blac'%.
The front is tucked In the closest kinds of
tucks. On either side plaitings of ros:e
mousseline de sole are let in, mingling
with black and white lace." The lower
part of the skirt falls in two ruffles, each
bordered with white lace over black. To
finish the waist at the belt a sash of biac k j
rnousseline with long ends is worn and
a full tucked ruffle .. of '• the , mousseline
bordered with a tiny shirred puff borders
the gimp. '.-"..• •. . : " .'¦¦';*%¦
. Tulle, mull and landsdown will be qult'efii
the proper CRper. This is not a stiff yesLi\ •
in fact everything Is built on exactly^ trie j
other plan. Everything that is particu- j
larly tit and fine will be soft an.il' clinging..
And there is another radical change, too.
Instead of combining all- sorts^ of bright,
colors in the body of a sown the effect!
will bo carried out -as far as possible In
the one tone. The bright notes may be.
suggested in vests, or perchance in. the.
collars, but , there will- be " only a hint/.
Velvet will. lend, the helping hand that
wii! be needed to fill in that gap. " '
The shirt waist cirlhas not seen fit zo
dispose of her beloved separate wairft aa
yet. Every once in a while some authority
startles those who love comfort by saying
that the tight, boned waists are to foe
the only proper things to appear in out
.side of one's home. V.
'. However, popular usage has decided
otherwise and soft, cashmeres, albatross
and and French flannels will be
worn as much as ever, if' not more 'so.
The swellest colors are bright and dark
red, a French blue, gray and a light green.
One of their chief beauties is that they
can' be- made at home. There is no lining,
but a yoke effect back and front will keep
the waist from pulling and ' give it a
neater ¦ appearance as well. Tucks are
pretty.- but an awful nuisance for a be
ginner to make, and so all amateurs will
. be delighted to know that all sorts of
• Oriental- braids, Persian silks, fancy but
tons \and stitchings ¦will be every bit as
smart as the myriads of baby tucks..
.Then comes the trouble about the
throat. The troublesome little collars are
what bother nine out of ten women.' A
gown may. be ever' so dainty and freah
and a soiled or rumpled neck finish will
ruin the entire looks more completely and
quicker, thun anything else/
As all- neckwear costs it small fortune
- at any store that can' afford to carry n
decent supply, and aa ail are equally per
ishable, it is a splendid idea to manufac
ture one's own. Get a small, piece of vel
vet or silk to match.* the waist and coyer
it with lace, either a black or a white.- 'Ho
much, so good. Then take a piece ot
citrpe or soft silk and encircle the neck.
When it is caught together in front in
any of the numerous ways that will aI
, ways suggest themselves, nothing could be
r uiimtitr, or less expensive. If the gown
is elaborate, put an open pattern of. 4a«:e
on the. ends, or pake it of panne , velvet
and" have the ends frilled with lace,
ivfcally the. most serviceable one of all is
ncaqe- of black velvet. And when it is
he.u in- place by a bright brooch tne sum
; ber look is taken away.
' -A3 tne Jrtistic eltect of this season'8
gowns, win append in a great measure
,'upon. the fanttful stock, tne odd girdiaa
.' aniiy -the elaborate sleeves, everybody
;.ought to give them the lion's share of
thought and ume. ¦;-..'.
It. is diriicutt to tell whether the cape
. eflector the jacket idea will carry tne
day. Both aie. mighty nobby. Girdles
aits made of silk and velvet, panne and
lace, satin and fur and nearly everything
eise unaer the sun. Almost any, combina
tion seems to be the prop«r! "thing. By
people who can afford them, . the 'simplest
tnhig3 are in vogue. Every one knows
about, "the simple white frock." But
sweet simplicity as a rule takes a. bag
well filled- with shekels to s'atisfactori.y
pay the bill.'and that is why the major
. ity_ of us wear the frilliest kind/of fur
belows to cover up the^possible 'defects.
i^And, there is one-other thing that women
par ucuiurly delight in, and that is the
.eibbvv: sxeever Ihey. were worn, all sum
mer and' at all, places, and they bid fair
to be every bit as well liked during the
• winter, months. ,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
smartest are made w'th
Jong basque coats. Ti.e
skirts are plain ' arid
train slightly. Ali are
tight fitting, and their
long skirts are. natur
ally, cut * separately.
Some women, particu
larly the French, have
learned how to escape,
looking /stiff and prim,;
even in.aive.ry tailortei}
su"ft~A -A ¦* big bunch , of
American Beauties or a
cluster of Jacqueminot
roses In her buttonhole
and a black hat trini
med with feathers or .
the other. Tailor-made girls areas popu
lar and as muchdn vogue: as ever. There
are times when nothing else is»h:ilf as ap
propriate nor half as stunning. The
some; equally fluffy substitute, make .all
tho difference in the world. The mannish
look yamslies:. into spac-e and only the
trim/ <iain.y appearance i s Ieft( ':- v
THE
NATIVE DAUGHTER
AND
HER HAT
Girls, you will have a delightfully easy
time choosing your evening frocks. And
what a bevy ff 'colors and designs you
wyi have to select from!" As most of thu
designs are. beautiful there is- no possi
bilityof making & mistake. '-, "'¦',/..
One of the prettiest things Is -a yellow
taffeta,- made with, panels embroidered.
in f marguerites of black motfsselirie de
s<>i£. Between these are" wide pla-itings
'the .mousseline. ; The panels are put
on separately and are not. sewed to
the skirt.. C Across the bottom of
"--, the skirt where the panels are
are the same flowers put oh
irregularly, as though they
-¦•»had been dropped and had
. cluiig there. It > is * a :
charming, creation, but
that is very no
ticeable arwl very ex
pensive, hence not
very popular.THE SUNDAY CALL.
12- The body will lie in state in the rotunda of the Capitol until 11 o'clock Wed
nesday, forenoon. . At 12 o'clock "Wednesday the public funeral "service will be
held at the rotunda. At 1, o'clock the body will be taken, under military escort,
followed by the funeral procession, in accordance with the precedent in the case
of .President Garfleld, to the Baltimore and Potomac, station, and the funeral
The funeral train' will leave Buffalo at 8:30 Monday morning, and Is 'expected
to arrive at Washington at 9 o'clock Monday evening. At Washington the body
will.be taken from the train to the executive mansion under escort of a squad of
cavalry, to remain under a. guard of soldiers and sailors until 10 o'clock Tuesday
morning, when it will- be taken to the rotunda of the Capitol under the same es
cort of cavalry.
: Secretary Cortelyou to-night gave out the following order of the movement
of , the funeral ceremonies: . (
"There s wlll be a private ceremony at tha Milburn house on Sunday, Septem
ber 15,' at 11 a.* m., consisting of reading- from the scripture, prayer by Rev. Dr.
Lock and the singing 'of a hymn. Immediately after, this service the remains of
the late -President will be taken to the Buffalo City Hall under the escort of
one company of regular troops, one campany of marines, one company each of
the. Buffalo regiments of the National Guard. The body will lie in state at the
City . Hall, .affording the citizens of Buffalo, an opportunity to pay their respects
until 'nightfall. The time will be approximately from 10 to 6 o'clock. The body
will- remain at the City Hall under a guard of regular soldiers and sailors on
Monday until 7:30 a. m., when It will be taken under the same escort to tha
funeral train at the- Buffalo union station."
Order of the Funeral Ceremonies.
But whether this theory is established or not. it seems probable that the re
sult of the autopsy will give rise to a medical 'controversy/The gangrened condi
tion of the interior ' v/ounds which the physicians thought were healed; and
the fact, that the physicians announced positively that- 'the kidney which the
bullet tore in Its passage through the abdomen was uninjured, were so contrary
to what was expected by the public after the statements of;the physicians dur
ing the progress of the case that its discussion seems inevitable. The poisoned
bullet theory might, of course, account for the sudden and puzzling reversal of
McKinley's condition just when the- physicians laid such great stress on his Im
proved condition and save such' strong hopes of his recovery. The bullet was not
found, .although "an hour's search was made for it. The X-ray apparatus was
not at hand for the use of the physicians and the location of the bullet is still
unknown. .
A chemical. and bacteriological examination of the remaining bullets In the pis
tol will, however, confirm or demolish this theory, and such an examination will
undoubtedly be mde at once by tha authorities.
The report of the autopsy has again given rise to the theory hinted at a day
or two after the President was shot — that Czolgosz in order to insure the accom
plishment of "his purpose poisoned the bullets that v/ere fired. The gangrene found
in the path of the bullet is thought to be strong evidence in support of this view
by Dr. Wasdin, one of the consulting physicians. . Dr. Wasdin is considered an ex
pert of high standing in the marine hospital service..
No Coroner's Inquest was held. Pursuing the precedent laid down in the cas«
of Garfield, the Coroner simply viewed the body this morning and later gave a
certificate in accordance with the result of the autopsy, which declared that death
was unavoidable by any surgical or medical treatment and < was the direct^result
of bullet wounds. The wretch who plunged the world into sorrow will therefore
pay. the penalty of his crime by death In the electric chair. Murder in the first de
gree will be the charge. • . '--,->
Coroner's Inquest Will Not Be Held.
.. A death mask will be made by a Washington artist named Garet. All the
President's relatives and friends agreed that it was desirable that the features of
the martyred President should be preserved for the saKe of history.
Cablegrams, telegrams and messages of sympathy and condolence from all over
the world are arriving by thousands. Mrs. McKinley, feeble and broken-hearted
as she is, bears up under her great sorrow with remarkable fortitude, and Dr.
Rixey says he believes she v/ill be able to go through the trying ordeal of a state
funeral.
The body will be taken to th.3 White House for the night and on
Tuesday it will be formally conveyed to the rotunda of the Capitol
building, where the state ceremonies will ' occur. On "Wednesday the
body will be conveyed to Canton, where it will be interred in the fam-
to have a brief service of prayer at the Milburn residence to-morrow
afternoon and start for the national capital with the body on Monday morning
at 7 .o'clock, but the people of Buffalo expressed such a strong wish to be allowed
to pay their tribute of respect here that it was subsequently decided to hold the
service at 11 o'clock in the morning and the body to lie in state in the
City Hall here to-morrow afternoon. On Monday a special train bearing the
President, Cabinet, Mrs. McKinley, the family and the distinguished personages
associated with the McKinlev administration will convey the body to Washing
ton.
BUFFALO, Sept. 14.— This has been a day of extreme sorrow In the Ex
position City. While the new President was actively preparing to
take up the reins of government arrangements were being made to
pay the last loving tributes to the memory of William McKinley.
The Cabinet after v conf erring] with the family of the late President
decided upon a state funeral at Washington. It waa at first intended
• UFFALO. Sept. 14.— Theodore Roosevelt, -who to-day was tragically";
i* js elevated to the chief magistracy of the American republic by the
I |g^ death of President McKlnley, entered tills city of mourning this aft-"
aernoon after a remarkable and . perilous - Journey from the heart of a
*jt jy north woods. He had been President under the constitution and law
¦^^¦"^^ of the land since the minute the martyred President ¦ ceased to live.
All the duties and powers of the office had devolved upon him, but
he was as powerless as the humblest citizen to exercise one of them until he had
eor~-jlied with the constitutional provision requiring him to take a prescribed
oath to support and defend the constitution and laws of the United States. He
took that oath at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon in the library of the residence of
Ansley Wilcox, a personal friend with whom he stopped earlier in the week
when the physicians thought President McKlnley would recover from the wound
Inflicted by the assassin.
There wiere present when he swore to the oath Secretaries Root, Hitchcock.
Long'. Wilsbn and Postmaster General Smith, Senator C. Si. Depew of New
York, Judge of the Court of Appeals Haight, John N. Scathaxd, Mr. and Mrs.
Ansley Wilcox, Miss Wilcox, George P. Sawyer, Drs. Mann, Parke and Stockton,
3Ir. and Mrs. Carleton Sprague, Mr. and Mrs. John G. Milburn; the Secretary to
tn* President. William Loeb Jr.; the secretary, to the deceased President,
George B. Cortelyou: Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carry, C. R. . Scathard, J.
D. Sawyer and William Jeffers. official telegrapher, in addition to Judge
John R. Hazel of the United States District Court, who administered the
oath. The scene was a most affecting one. The new President had just come
y from the Milburn house, where his predecessor lay cold In death. " -~
Overcome by Deep Personal Sorrow.
Overcome by the deep personal sorrow he felt in his characteristically Impul
sive way, he had gone first to the house of mourning to offer his condolence
and sympathy to the broken-hearted widow. Secretary Root, who twenty years
agro had been present at a similar scene when Arthur took the oath after the
death of another President who fell a victim to an assassin's bullet, almost broke
down when he requested Mr. Roosevelt on behalf of the members of the Cabinet
' of the late President to take the prescribed oath. There was not a dry eye In the
room. The new President was visibly shaken, but he controlled himself, and
when he lifted his hand to swear It was as steady as though carved in marble.
With the deep solemnity of the occasion full upon him, he announced to those
present that his aim would be William McKinley's successor In deed as well as
in name. Deliberately he proclaimed it In these words: , ¦ •
"In this hour of deep and terrible national bereavement, I wish to
- state that it shall be my aim to continue absolutely without variance
the policy of President McKinley for the peace and prosperity and honor
of cur beloved country." • i :
The far-reaching significance of this pledge to continue the policy of the dead
President, announced at the very threshold of a new governmental regime,
profoundly impressed his hearers, and President Roosevelt's first step after
taking the oath was in line with Its redemption. His first act was to ask the
members of the Cabinet to retain their portfolios in order to aid him to conduct
the Government on lines laid down by him whose policy he had declared hs
would uphold. Such an appeal was not to be resisted, and every member of the
Cabinet, including Secretary of State Hay and Secretary of the Treasury Gage,
who ¦were communicated with 1 in Washington, have agreed for the present at
least to retain their several portfolios. The President has made no plans as
He said he was so shocked by the national calamity that had thrust new
T responsibilities upon him that he had had no time yet to think of his future ca
reer at Washington. He will remain here quietly to-morrow, and on Monday
will accompany the funeral train to the national capital.
New President's Arrival at Buffalo.
President Roosevelt reached Buffalo at 1:40 this afternoon, accompanied only
by his private secretary, William Loeb Jr. An immense crowd, which had been
awaiting his arrival for hours, was gathered about the station, eager to catch
a first sight of the President. The train, however, did not enter the station
proper, but the President landed a.t the terrace. "When he left the train an es
cort of the Fourth Signal Corps formed about him and conducted him to an auto
mobile which his friend Ansley Wilcox had In waiting.
The demonstration which greeted his appearance was in keeping with the sol
emnity of the occasion- Those who saw him did not raise a cheer,' but attested
their respect by lifting their hats. • '
As soon as he entered the vehicle the chauffeur turned the lever and the auto
mobile went skimming away to the residence of Mr. Wilcox, on Delaware avenue.
Twenty mounted police clattering along on either 6lde could with difficulty keep
the pace which the automobile set. . •
President Roosevelt declined to make any statement whatever for publication.
"I was so shocked." said he. "by the terrible news brought to me last night
and by the calamity which It entailed upon the country, as well as by the per
sonal sorrow which I feel, that I have had no time to think of plans for the future
conduct of the office which has been so suddenly and sadly thrust upon me."
The President arrived at the Wilcox home at 1:45 o'clock, his only attendants
being William Loeb Jr. and Ansley Wllcox. With hardly any conversation he re
tired at once to his room, where he bathed and dressed. At 2:30 o'clock he was
ready to leave for the Milburn house/where he desired to make his official call of
condolence. He was escorted by a detail from the Fourth Signal Corps and mount
ed police. So rapidly did his driver proceed that his escort was left a, couple of
y blocks behind, with the exception of the commanding officer and a lieutenant of
Members of thejabinet kept the Invitation
to Retain Their Portfolios, So That
Government Is Not Retarded.
Belief That the Bullets Fifed bj the Assassin
Were Poisoned and That Mortal Skill
"Could Not Have Prevented Death. I
Remains of the Martyred Chief Executive
to Lie in Eternal Rest at the
Canton Family Plat
Secretary Root and the Nation's NewChief
Shed Manly Tears During Ceremony .
of Taking President's Obligation.
STATE OBSEQUIES
ARE TO BE HELD AT
NATION'S CAPITAL
FIRMLY PROMISES
TD UPHOLD WILLIAM
MCKINLEY'S POLICY
THEODORE ROOSEVELT TAKES THE OATH OF IFFUCE,
WHILE LOVING TRIBUTES ARE PAID TO LATE PRESIDENT
Continued on Page Sixteen.
Continued on Page Sixteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER, 15,) 1901— THIRTY- TWO PAGES,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 107.
Paps 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22"Third— That a suitable ex
pression, be g;iven'to the sen
timents of sorroTTthat every
where fill the hearts of Catho
lic men and . women for/ so
violent and perverse a crime
against the state In the per
son of its chief magistrate.
Von -will do -well, at the same
time,- to recall the essential
points of the sacred and ven
erable doctrine of the Catho
lic Church in all that pertains
to the nature of public au
thority and its divine origin,
as -well as the sinf nines* and
folly of the atrocious teach
ings that prompted a deed al
most without. parallel in the
history of mankind. Sincerely
yours,'; '. '- " :.•'•• .'" '. .•
"Second—That on the same
day the votive mass pro ' qna
cunque necessitate be said, at
which ¦ your' flock should be
invited to attend. - - . -:V
"First -—That ; the bells in
every/" church ' be solemnly
tolled on the day of the fu
neral of one beloved Presi
dent." V "
"Rey. Dear Sin In the name
of infamous doctrines the re
npected head ' of onr nation
has been stricken down liy'the
hand of nn nnwannln. Words
fail ns to express bar. horror
of the bloody deed and the in
human motives that prompted
It. • Both deserve the - execra
tions ' of every, el tizen loyul to
hlg country. ': It. is bur desire
that th£ Catholic people - of
this nrchdloceHe should mani
fest ln a pnblio Way their. len
tlincntH of grief and shame
for thin dastardly act, accom
panied as it was by circum
stances that fill with indigna
tion every civilised heart. We
desire, also, that daring- these
days of national , mourning
they Join, vvith their' fellow
citizens in supplication. to the
God of nations for our af
flicted country. We direct,
therefore! /¦
Yesterday, he directed
that tbe following letter, pre
pared by himself, be lent to
the pastors of every parish In
this city and. ordered that it
l>e read at all the masses to
day» :.
"SAN FRANCISCO,
.*. ""¦;•*¦¦• Sept. 14, 1OO1.
of President McKinley.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
lias taken official cog
nizance ot the death
ARCHBISHOP
ORDERS BELLS
TO BE TOLLED
_ Indeed, , their .accusations . -were not confined
to the: head. of the nation, but were directed
to every department S of | civil, - military and all
governmental .administration,, national. State
and municipal. The culmination has been the
murder of the truest, grandest exponent of
th e American Idea— William MoKlnley. -
_Tne San Francisco Examiner, the New York
Journal and the Chicago American have actual
ly defended and advocated • assassination as a
means of reform,^poesibly little knowing the
evil results thereof on the uninformed masses.
P^,*^. 1^^ 1 . ln *£ e N8W Tork Journal on June
l, , published ln the Examiner of June 12. this
year, was virtually a defense for the assaasina
tion of _ any ruler. r .:-'•-¦ > ~ v
UiV '?? now tln Jf- in "the 'face of this dire
S^JLiVv to • caU . * halt with this class of
• The shot that > wm aimed at his heart was
aimed at the hearts of the American . people —
at all free Institutions, all . free government.
This dire calamity can be. laid at: the door of
the vicious ( press, commonly denounced x "yel
low." For : years, ever since William McKin
ley becama the favorite son of the Americans,
tno»e journals have constantly poured out their
vials of abuse. Rnd have educated the vicious
elements of society to such a degree of hate
as In itself Invited and inspired assassination.
Almost dally were the people taught to believe
the President to be a tyrant and a despot, en
gaged in the sole business of 'subverting:, their
liberties. ¦ They pictured him in vile cartoons
ana ¦ caricatures as ¦» oppressing the poor and
pandering to the rich. . .
.All decency,: all regard of personal or private
or _5 u £ Uo r| 8 htwere by these journals disre
garded, and their sole object and desire seemed
to be to bring the laws and the administration
or._the laws into disrepute. : They had no re
ga^ ?£ th .? lawn of, right- themselves, and
under the flimsy pretext of journalistic enter
prise for, news actually, taught the people the
aoctrjne of : assassination . of the head of the
nation. - / . < . ¦ .
; SACRAMENTO, , Sept. 14— City Justice
of the Peace .TV. A.. Anderson, from the
bench of his court this morning and in the
presence . of many citizens,- uttered a
scathing arraignment of the yellow press.
After eulogizing President McKinley, Jus
tice Anderson said: •:'" .
Terrific Arraignment of An
archy Is Heard in^
Courtroom.
JUDGE BLAMES
YELLOW PRESS
¦ Continued jon Page* Sixteen. :
. LOS ANGELES. . Sept 14— When J. ¦ H.
Keef ar, ¦ manager of ithe Troy laundry in
this - city, - heard- of the- President's death
last nlghtihe went wiolently insane, de
claring'that'he was p alone; responsible for
Mews Drives tHtti Insane.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept 14.— President
Roosevelt's -family to-day bade farewell
to A the . Tahawus Club. They passed
through here at 5:30 o'clock in the after
noon and. were to take the steamer from
Albany for New York City, where " they
will ¦ arrive to-morrow . morning. >,
New President's Family Moves.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.-Out ot re
spect to the memory, of : the nation's, la
mented President the directors of the
State Agricultural ' Society, decided, at a
meeting held this morning to ; declare off
the races at Agricultural Park. This was
the closing day. and the city was crowded
with visitors, but the action of the direc
tors was applauded on all Bides. -
State Fair Races Declared Off.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— Herman von
Overbeck . is In the city prison on ; suspi
cion of being an anarchist. He has been
in the city, according ..to his own state
ment, five weeks and had been employed
as a barkeeper in F. F. Lueck's saloon.
His employer discharged him yesterday
for making disrespectful allusions to
President McKinley. Officers Feather
stone and Fouz this afternoon found him
down town uttering vile language against
the memory of the dead President and
saying, with doffed "hat, that he saluted
the name of Emma Goldman. One of the
officers asked him It he did not consider
it too bad that the President was dead.
Von Overbeck eyed • ths officer , shrewdly
and said: U
"You. are looking for information,
aren't yon?" ¦ b . . '¦;
¦ Von Overbeck wais brought to the po
lice station and placed in a cell with a
soldier who . had committed some petty
offense. He resumed cursing the laws
ajid the memory of the President. The
soldier, appealed to the Jailer to remove
him - to another cell before he "wiped up
the floor" with the man who was speaking
disrespectfully of President McKinley.
President and Is Consigned
to a Cell/ .
Eeviles the Memory of the Dead
AtfASCmST SUSPECT
IN SACBAJ&I-ENTO'S JAIL
SANTA ROSA;'Sept. : .14.— The ' news of
President McKlnley's • death .was , received
In this , city ; with manifestation }¦ of ' '.the
deepest sorrow.- . The-flrst . announcement
reached here * Just at midnight- and: was
at once displayed on the bulletin boards.
.This - morning -all flags in • the : city .were
placed at half-mast. The courthouse;
post office and a number of private offices
were draped in mourning-. ¦. , Memorial', ser
vices have. been announced' for to-morrow
night in the Presbyterian ' church.^ Union
services will be held on .Thursday night in
the Atheneum, all of the churches partic
ipating-. . ' The . band ; concert ; to-night ' from
the , heavily • draped -. courthouse - portico
consisted entirely of selections chosen be
cause of their appropriateness >.to the oc-'
casion. « opening with"- Chopin's '-'Funeral
March".' and > ending " with "Nearer, • My
God.to Thee." .•:., . - i .-...-> -
- • SANTA". CRUZ/ Septw 14.— Flags fly r at
half r mast; here and - private and .-'- public
buildings ; are -draped in mourning.*, To-,
morrow evening- a union memorial service
will be held in. the Congregational church."
Rev. E.-H.-Haydeni of. the Baptist church
will preside; = Rev. R.' N.; ; Davis ; of ~ tho
Christian | church will • lead In j prayer ; * ad
dresses ; will*. be * made ,by - Superintendent
of , Schools J. "vv. LJnscott for the | county,
Mayor- J.i P.- Parker, f or > the city, a repre
sentative '¦: of 7. the " Grand ' Army « for .. that
IMly, and Rev.v J. :.; R.^ Knodell ; for : the
chnirches."? " Hebrew : residents ¦ to-day • held
Governor of the State of : California.
Attest: C;. P. ... CUBRY. , Secretary of- State.
SACRASMENTO, Sept. 14.— The Governor
has Issued the following proclamation:
Executive Department. - State of ¦California.
At this time of a nation's sorrow tho people
of the State of California Join In the deep grief
shared by their fellow citizens In all the States
and Territories 'of the Union, on account of the
sad and untimely death, - on < this ' 11th day of
September,- A. D. 1901, of our grand and good
President, William McKinley. -
The 1 despicable assassin, whose murderous
shot deprived America of one of her. greatest
Presidents, . has by, his base . act ' struck a
coward's - blow at popular liberty and human
rights. • ¦¦ ., : - ¦¦-,•¦• '
To the list of sacrifices of those whose
eminent statesmanship was guided by a devo
tion to American liberty and by a sincere love
for their fellow men, our republic now despond
ently adds to the revered and lamented names
of Lincoln ' and Garfield . her beloved son, the
martyred William McKinley. ..
In public, testimony of the sorrow of, the peo
ple of the State ' of California for the ¦ loss . of
their Illustrious President and ~ noble citizen.
William McKinley, I, as chief executive of the
State, do hereby order that the flags be placed
and kept at ¦ half mast ; on all ¦ the State build
ings for thirty days from this date. 1 do hereby
order that the day which shall hereafter bo se
lected and set apart for the funeral of President
McKinley be. and the same is hereby declared
to be, • a public holiday for general prayer and
mourning:. . : . ::,-•,,•,¦
- In witness whereof, 1 1 have hereunto set my,
hand and caused the great seal of this State to
be, hereunto affixed, this 14th day of September,
a. d. 1901.-. ¦•: .-..- ..; . -henry: t.o age, ¦•;...,
Governor Issues a Proclama
tion to the People of
y California.'
It was the universal opinion that the
Journal ¦ should be scorned by all true
Americans In London on account of Its
long-contin\ied-. abuse of President Mc-
Kinley. . . ¦ :•. .
- The members of the American colony
who had been approached held a meeting
in private and unanimously decided to re
ject tho offer. It was practically an in
dignation meeting, and the newspaper was
referred to in terms of contempt by sev
eral of the Americans present. ¦
. LONDON, Sept. 14.— American residents
in London were approached by a repre
sentative of the Ne-vr .York Journal, who
suggested that If they wished to transmit
to America cablegrams of condolence and
sympathy addressed to Mrs. McKinley or
Cabinet officials, the messages would be
transmitted free of charge.
Americans in London Meet
to Denounce the
¦ .
HEARST'S OFFER
AROUSES WRATH
NAMES A DAY
FOR MOURNING
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Emma Goldman
continues to' express Indifference over the
President's death. ."When asked to-day if
she was not touched by the final scenes at
the President's death bed she said:
"Why should it affect me? I do not
feel -any. more concerned over, his death
than over tha't of, any other man."
"What do 'you think of President Mc-
Klnley's words," 'God's will be done'.?"
. ''I don't think they signify anything.
He believed in God and it is natural to
suppose he would 1 think- that 'way as he
was about : foMie'..- I ¦ don* t^ believe' in .G6d
and for- that reason -those words ¦ do not
appeal to me in any way."
'.'But don't you think the President's
supreme faith In God gave evidence -of
great nobility of character?" she was
asked.' . ; - : ' ,.-" ¦-¦-.-¦ ' ¦•. ¦ ...
"Thousands of other men have had as
great if not greater faith In God than he
had,. but you never hear of them. His
dying words do not appeal to me in the
least." • -' '
"Do you feel sorry that the President
Is dead?". ,
-"I , feel sorry ; for his wife," Miss Gold
man replied. "Not because she is the wife
of a President, but because she is a
woman. . She is simply obliged to bow to
the Inevitable. The: position , of a ruler
in- these days is a perilous one and -when
he is killed it is simply the result of his
assuming position." ', • .
When asked what effect she thought the
death of the President would have upon
her case Miss Goldman stated she did not
see how It ought to; affect.it.
Fear that mob law would break out in
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. H.-r-Johann Most,
who was arrested Thursday on the
charge that he had printed a seditious
article in his paper, the Frelhelt, was re
leased to-day on $1000 bail. He will be
examined in the police court Monday.
Judge Chetlain entered the order of
continuance at the - request of Attorney
John F.' Greetings for the defense. The
motion of the* defendant's attorney was 1
supported by City Prosecutor Taylor and'
Assistant State's Attorney Barnett.
The scene in the packed courtroom was
full of dramatic interest. . The prisoners
were worried, and nervous: their friends
tearful and anxious. Judge Chetlain en
tered the order to continue the case with
evident emotion. He said all Superior
Courts would probably adjourn Monday.
Dr. Isaac Saylin of -Buffalo, who is be
ing held at the Harrison-street police sta
tion in' connection with the alleged con
spiracy to kill President McKinley, was
not • arraigned . before Justice Prindlville
to-day. It was reported that the magis
trate had issued warrants charging Say
lin with being -an acpessory to the con
spiracy and that the prisoner would be
taken into court at once. ..Justice Prlndi
ville said he had not issued warrants.
Chicago and wreak vengeance on the an
archists charged with complicity in the
conspiracy to kill " - the late ~ President
played an Important part in the habeas
corpus hearing when the accused . men
were, arraigned before Judge Chetlain in
the Superior Court to-day. The hearing
was continued until Tuesday at 10 o'clock.
Sixty armed deputy Sheriffs guarded tfie
prisoners in the courtroom. A score of
bailiffs kept the crowd quiet and guarded
tho hallways.* /- • . . • .\- . . •-
the awful crime. It required several men
to hold him. He was treated at the City
Receiving -Hospital and Is quieter to-day,
but still demented.
Chicago Comicil "Will T&eet
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Mayor Harrison
early to-day Issued a call for a special
meeting of the City Council to make ar
rangements for memorial services to draft
afS^flSfng 0 auch oth « "*°»
Notorious Female Anarchist Expresses No Concern^
Except for the Woman Who Was Widowed ;
by the Assassin's Bullet. ' ' ,
GOLDMAN HEARTLESS IN COMMENT
ON PRESIDENT MCKINLEY'S DEATH
"These men are openly advocating as
sassination. They are - anarchists > in the
worst use of the word. - It would be un
everlasting disgrace". Xo Chicago If-any
thing should happen to my clients, who
are known by every fair minded. man Xo
be innocent of any participation in thi3
terrible crime." ¦ ••-.- ;¦¦-.¦-; ' " ¦
Mr Geeting blames yellow journals for
a great deal of the excitement and says
the press should counsel the people to at
tend strictly to their business until the
crisis is pasae.d.. -.'¦" ... •• - ,' .
sation on the part of the police, they
have come to be looked upon by the pub
lic generally— local and national — as
bloodthirsty, bomb-throwing • dynamite
fiends. Now that it has come to an actual
showdown the Police departments of both
Buffalo and Chicago are forced to admit
there Is absolutely; no evidence against
any of 5 them g to' implicate - them < in • the
slightest degree in the conspiracy, to mur
der the President. Still, in the face of
this, the police are seeking by .every pos
sible source to hold the. prisoners.; " ;
Speaking of' the .."revenge is
sued by J.Irving Pearce Jr., Charles.Wein
land and Edward Myers, John F. Geeting,
attorney for the . imprisoned :-, anarchists,
said to-day: ¦¦ '. - ¦¦ . ': '/' *
was left to guard the Jail throughout the
night. ' . - -
Captain Revere, in speaking of the* riot,
said: "The jail is so well guarded that it
is impossible for any mob to break into it,
no matter how great its numbers. • •: They
might be j able to break in I the .windows
and gain admission in that way, but we
do not propose letting , them get close
enough to the building to do that. There
is not only a strong guard at the build
ing, but policemen are being - held in
reserve at the East ; Chicago avenue and
Larrabee street stations, and. a riot call
would bring four patrol- wagons filled
with policemen to the scene of action
within five minutes." :. -
•Pearce Not Taken Seriously. .
The issuance of a "revenge circular" by
J. Irving Pearce Ur., Charles Weinland
and Edward Myers Is not taken seriously
by the authorities. The circular. calls for
10,000 volunteers to assemble -<at the
County Jail "on Sunday morning and lynch
all anarchists. " Sheriff Magerstadt says
he will be prepared for 10,000 or any,num
ber that may come. -. . . . » --
The situation of the nine 1 men .-now
locked up in. the County Jail is unfortu
nate, to aay the least. Being victims of
the great clamor, denunciation and accu-
Isaak's cell 'on the third tier. Isaak, who
heard the shouts of the mob, asked Whit-,
man if he thought it possible to break
into the jail, and the prisoner was assured
the place was well guarded and he need
have no fear.
Squad Is Left on Guard.
The mob which made the attack on the
front of the jail was formed on State and
Qulncy streets. A number of men made
speeches against the teachings of the an
archists, and -some one in the throng
cried: V
"Let's march to the jail and lynch the
anarchists!"
The suggestion was cheered by the
listeners arid within * ten minutes ' '. the
crowd started for the jail, a half mile dis
tant. It marched in a body north on State
street. Some one who was listening to the
speeches and the intentions of the mob
telephoned to the Central Police Station
and Lieutenant McWeeny notified Jailer
Whitman and Inspector Heidelmeier. One
hundred policemen held in reserve at the
Chicago-avenue . Police Station- -were
ordered- out. These men were the first to
reach the jail, and five minutes afterward
detectives and officers from other stations
arrived. A squad of seventy policemen
of the Jail they were met by Policemen
Toban, Ryan and Mullins of the Chicago
avenue police station. The crowd filed
into Dearborn avenue from Michigan
street and the policemen attempted to stop
its march, .but' they -were pushed aside.
Then Ryan, Mullins and Toban drew their
revolvers and commanded the men to
stop. \
"Lynch the anarchists'." shouted one of
the leaders, and a yell of approval went
up from the prisoners in the Jail. / . •
By this time patrol wagons* from Chi
cago avenue. Larrabee street, Halsted
street and Central station, .loaded, with
officers, dashed to the scene. The crowd
had succeeded'in reaching the outer door
of the entrance of the Jail, when it was
repulsed by officers headed by Inspectors
Heidelmeier and Kalus.
"Push them back!" yelled Inspector
Heidelmeier, and a line of officers was
formed. The crowd fell back before it and
then dispersed. No arrests were made.
While the police were battling with
would-be lynchers on the" outside, the
gruards in the jail stood at the entrance
with drawn revolvers. Jailer Whitman
took a -position in front .of Abraham
justice McKenna Declares the Safety of Liberty
.Demands Protection of Our Presidents
From Assassination.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Armed with
ropes and sticks- and shouting,
"Lynch the anarchists!" a mob
of 500 men marched to the County
Jail at 9 o'clock to-night and at
tempted to get at the anarchists
confined there. Several , of the
leaders kicked at the door and shouted
for admittance, but the arrival of 400 po
licemen spoiled the plans of the enraged
• men. With drawn revolvers the police
dispersed the mob, but not until they had
dodged sticks and stones.
Information that a mob of BOO men was
on its way^to make an attack on the jail
was received by Jailer Whitman, who was
In bis office. As soon as the news was
".telephoned to him from the Central po
j Jice station Whitman ordered the two
Eteel outer doors at the entrance to the
jail in Dearborn avenue locked. Then the
guards took their position and extra
guards -were placed in front, of the cells
bf the anarchists.
: Police Hold Back Mob.
When the enraged men arrived in front
LEADING JURISTS SAY ANARCHY
MUST BE EFFECTUALLY PUT DOWN
Gentlemen of the bar. mark that and remem
ber It. Mark this also, that the President of
the United States must be protected from as
sassination. Not only our justice and human
."» , '¦ ; . 11.. ,
President McKinley represented no antagon
isms; he stood for no abuse of power; he was
4*e executive of the largest freedom and gov-
Trnment that can be indulged to man. What
attribute and virtue that the magistrate of a
great and free people should possess that he
did not possess? He had purity of character,
nobleness of purpose, instant and active sym
pathy with every desire and open aspiration of
his country. He reverenced the people and be
lieved In them. His very virtues marked him
lor a victim and gave murder an opportunity.
Oh. how monstrous and malignant the doc
trines must be that urged the sacrifice of that
great and Drecious life!
i SEATTLE, Sept. 14.— The United States
Court of Appeals met at 10 o'clock this
morning and immediately adjourned out
of resr>ect to the dead President In an
nouncing: the adjournment, Justice Mc-
Kenna, one of the members of the United
States Supreme Court, ppoke as follows:
' ..The impulses upon which the court grants
this moiicn proceed from an infinite respect
for- the deceased President, •' an Infinite sorrow
lor his death. What more can I say? Presi
dent McKinley needs no eulogy, and what
words can express the horror of his assassin
ation and the pity of it? What words could
fxpress the horror and pity of it even if he
had been a private citizen, and his death was
followed only by private consequences, severed
only private j ties and caused only private
griefs? But he was the chief magistrate of
this nation, called to that height by the suf
frages of the people, to exercise its duties In
their name and for them; the term of his of
fice over, his obligation expired, to return to
them, holding no mere political power than
the humblest of them— indeed, holding no more
political power than the wretched and malig
nant demon whose crime has stunned the world
and overwhelmed It with sorrow: and the won
derment of that crime is as great as the hor
ror. - „ ¦ ¦•--.
Special Dispatch, to Tlie Call.
ity. but the safety of our liberty demands It
We cannot encircle our Presidents with armed
guards — they would not have it so; yet they
must be protected, free to move and mingle,
confiding alone in their respect. If we cannot
encircle them with armed guards, let- us en
circle them with Jaw and its severest penalties:
let us declare him who would break through
that charmed circle an enemy to the republic.
To provide for that, however, is a future
care and duty. Now alone our sorrow en
gages us. and we mourn the death of one who
was as true a gentleman, as noble a character,
as devoted a patriot, as great a man as ever
occupied or ¦ ever will occupy the executive
mansion.
Judge William "W. Morrow of San Fran
cisco, a member of the Circuit Court of
Appeals, which has been sitting here, said
of President Roosevelt : •
He will make a magnificent" President for
the whole people. As Police Commissioner of
New York, Civil Service Commissioner, As
sistant Secretary of the -Navy and later a
prominent officer in the Spanish war, he has
come into close relations with and acquired
a thorough knowledge of the different depart
ments of government and observed the need3
of all classes of people. He is especially ac
quainted in the great West, having, mingled
freely with our people of the Western States.
Wc must protect our Presidents by passing
laws Inflicting capital punishment in cases of
attempted assassination. Then the law must
be promptly executed. Promptness must be
emphasized, for when an assassin Is allowed
to go from court to court and gain the notoriety
he is lookins for our present laws become In
effective in deterring crimes of this character.
Referring- to possible changes President
Roosevelt may make in his Cabinet, he
believed it likely the- new chief would
malce some changes, as the relations of a
President's official family were peculiar,
and it -was only natural that he ¦would de
sire men with whom he was in close per
sonal and official relationship and in
whom he reposed the most intimate confl-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
n i' n i i. i vai j ¦ t- j % < r t nib u ¦ n r\-
Police Department Is Warned in Time and a Large Force of Officer^ Hurriedly Dis
patched to the Scene, Disperses \M Avengers by a Display of Arms
After Dodging a Volley of Sticks and Stones.
MOB OF FIVE HUNDRED MEN CLAMORS FOR THE BLOQD
OF ANARCHISTS HELD IN HARRISON-STREET STATION
ATTACK ON CHICAGO JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, _i SEPTEMBER 15, 1 901.
WASHINGTON, Sept ll-Ttie following
circular note . was '}, sent : to the foreign
representatives : accredited \ to the ' Govern
ment of the United States late this after
noon: *..; ' ;¦'• A'~_ : :.j'- '"""•.¦ .-'•¦.-;¦ .¦¦'
DEPARTMENT . OF STATE, ' •
k . •: "-.:¦ . * •WASHINGTON.': Sept.' 14,' UOL.
M SJr: I It 1 is ; , my? painful' duty ; to • announce .to
you the death of, WUliainMcKlnley,-. President,
in ." the j city: of I Buffalo^ * at ',''. fifteen J minutes past
$ in 'the^ morning: ot'to^dayi' September 14. ;, Laid
lo-w; by 5 the^act of : ; an assassin, the , week-long
strugrgle ; to; save '¦ his life . has/- been '/ watched
with keen solicitude, not ' alone by « the 1 people
of this country who raised him from their own
ranks to the high office he • filled, but : by . the
people of all ' friendly -nations.-- whose I messages
of sympathy and hope, while hope -was possible
have v been . most . consolatory in this ¦/ timev of
sore 1 trial. 1. ,". ¦. ;• ,.r.. : ¦_>.¦•'¦::;'- -r.^'i^ : '•;;'->;
Now that .the- end has. come , I . request ('you
to be 'the medium - of communicating i the . sad
tidings to the Government : of • the • honored na<
tlons you so worthily represent and to announce
that In . obedience ¦¦ to ¦ the i prescriptions ¦] of : the
constitution - the • office , of; President- has ¦ de
volved - upon ' Theodore • Roosevelt, : Vice .Presi-"
dent -of the .United -States.-;- .. .-,-._ .
-" Accept, i air, ¦ the renewed < assurance • of .- the
highest ' consideration, ;y. JOHN • HAT '• .=
ter to the Corps Announcing:
McKinley's Death.
Secretary Hay Sends - a Circular Let-
FOREIGN DIPIjOMATS
OFFICTATT.Y rNTFOIUIED
;dence. He did not believe, however,
;thera would* be any radical departures
from the present-policy of the Govern
ment, or anything to cause any disturb
ance in the financial world.
Judge Ross; another member of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals, heartily Indorsed
the statementa-of Justice McKenna and
Judge Morrow, .and Bald the first duty of
the next Congress would be to pass ~ a
stringent law, with provisions for prompt
enforcement, making . attempted assassi
nation of the President a ¦ crime punish
able by death. 'The -President. could not,"
he said, be surrounded by an armed guard
every, time he stepped , out of doors,^ for
that . was repugnant to ' our . form of gov
ernment and distasteful to the President
as well. ;• - ;>",.. -. ¦¦ .. • •¦ / C->;-'
"tPATMCKWM. RIORDAN,
"Archbishop of San Francisco."
14
. Health, Strength, , Peace * and Pleasure
require their '-expulsion, and -this is posi-
tively i effected,": according to thousands of
grateful testimonials, by ,
Hop&^Sqrsafiarilla
Which • radically arid permanently r drlvea
them out and builds up the whole system.
They take possession : ol 'the body, ana
areLords of Misrule..* ;¦,-•:';-- • '
ii^ ey^ r L at^ ended byplmpfes,' boils, the'
itching .tetter,' salt rheum, -and other cu-
taneous eruptions;; by feelings of weakness,
languor, general debility and what not. <:
They, cause more suffering than anything
else.\: ¦', '¦-: '¦>¦'; ¦-¦ ;-¦; ¦'.¦.-..¦••.- ¦";'-'¦...¦¦
Humors
¦-:. ;,* — —
MISS LEONA MATHIS writes from
1913 Fifteenth avenue. South, Minne-
.apolis, Minn., as follows:
VI cannot say enough in praise of Pe-
runa as a splendid tonic. I suffered for
lour- months -with indigestion and ca-
tarrh, of the stomach. My food would
not digest properly ; I lost flesh and
became very - nervous. Nothing
helped me until I tried Peruna.
This brought health back to me.
"Since that. time (nearly a year ago), I
have taken a few doses 'Oft and on when
I felt badly and it-helped me at once.
Peruna seems to relieve the system from
all the ill effects generally produced by
illness and seems ..to fill a long felt
want. ' '—Leona ; Ma this.
Was Never in Such. Splendid Condition
Mrs. S. Reina, Gairy, Fla., writes:
"I am one of the healthiest women In
the State of Florida. My appetite 13
great. I was never In such- splendid con-
dition In my life before. Before I began
taking Peruna and Manalin, I would eat
about four: times a. week— now I eat
about seven times a day. I was the most
nervous . person- you j ever saw— would . cry
and worry .myself and every one else. I
couldn't sleep at all and now I sleep
splendidly.
."Iihave a friend; hero that has been in
b<i<V'for four years.- She took your medi-
cine and is now dolnjj her own work."—
Mr&,S. -Reina.
Miss Mattie I* Cook. Takoma Park, D.
C.; -writes: h
. "Peruna has done for me what, other
medicines failed, to do. . It has given me
perfect - health . and strength. When I
wrote you first vl had systemic catarrh,
nay nose had been -sore for three years in
the- riprht side, I had been bothered with
a chokinff for a year, had pains in my
side and palpitation of the heart. My feet
were nearly always cold and I h«d %
dreadful cough. „ ¦ , . • . _
"Whenever I feel the least ailment I
shall return to my friend Peruna. There
is nothing that I can say that would be
too good. When I began taking Peruna I
was at home in "Virginia, sick, but now I
am well, thanks to Dr. Hartman's .Pe-
runa."— Mattie L. Cook. . . .
The Praise of a IT. SC Senator's Wife.
Mrs. P. E. "Warren, wife of , the late
Governor and now United States Senator
F. E. Warren of Wyoming, writes the
following voluntary testimonial to the
value of Peruna. She says:
"/ am never without Peruna eitherh
in my home or in my travels. Jt is
truly a great triumph of scientific
medicine.. > I am constantly troubled
with coughs, colds, etc.,. but thanks
to your good medicine, Peruna, I
always find a cure. I be-
lieve no medicine ever brought be-
fore the public has effected so many
permanent cures as Peruna." — Mrs.
F. E. Warren, 1S48 Wyoming street, Wash-
ington, D. C.
The diseases most common- in summer
are those of the- stomach, bowels - and
other pelvic organs. A remedy that cures
all the catarrhal derangements of these
organs should certainly be considered a
household necessity during warm weather.
Peruna Is such a remedy. A. book of
testimonials. containing hundreds of
cures, sent free to any address.
Dr. S. B. Hartman. president of the
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.. will
treat all catarrhal -weaknesses peculiar to
women free during the summer months.
All letters for advice given prompt and
careful attention.
?*W ADVEBTISEMEgT& .__^. A A
A BEAIlTlJFM~V
Suffered for Months With Indigestion--
Pe-ru-na Completely CureU Her.
W. vMISS LEONA MATHIS i I /
H 1 1- : MINNEAPOLIS, MINN. [/
Ib.katsghinskiI
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
1 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. 1
jM A m : M W m A '-¦¦ ¦¦ - '• S
S3 m^ fl ' * n mL. ¦ — Ji^hk * " ' J *^^ ( 5k. ' H
IB. K, LIKESTH1S
J Mr. Katschinski has taken a
H ? rc at (ancy. to this sandal. He
H thinks it just about ris:h't»,-jaad
M when , he 13 pleased the customer
can rest assured that the article M
M is all right. Here is the descrip- 4
M tion: . Ladies' One-strap Sandal. P
a patent leather vamps and kid §3
H quarters, plain coin toes, turned t
I soles and French heels, and the I
H price only Jpl.45 a^ pair. Sizes. 3 1
I .to 7J4» widths A to E. .., .9
B mJt^ff flf^Wd-lac© shoes, with
1 £Sv e fnr e ™,f ¦ejected -atocW to'thlS
I ¦t£ilS^2£^ ch >tor« iK»r
IPHIUDELPHIA^OECO.
g THIRD STREET. J
y San Franclscoi~ :
jr jTou can save^v
m at tHese prices \
ml ou can a^ways save at Owl prices— not only m
jjjf # save but get fresher, purer, better goods. We buy U
\ <!m \o. tremenduous quantities — spot cash— our custom- m
/(¦ crs get the benefit — we get lots of small profits. ''
'/|! ese P r i ces prevail until Saturday night, Sept. >ist: 1
¦ N N Shampoo 2 for 5c La Rtfurine Face Powder !5c ll
W Other storet charge 5et'j»ickip ' Save loc till week ., '
ll Ly^w Jooth Powder ,: !5c Allen's Malt Whiskey ' 65c
»;. Repu.ra5c-wei«u»ll y charge «oc. Regular price $1 for a quart bottle - 1
WL Williams Shaving: Stick 15c rVophylactic Tooth Brushes 25c - 1 I
WV fo/II^*' * 5C * md ° th «»« ~U . , -'¦ Sell erery where for joe-w. char™-. - , f I
Wj^ :'.- JSC except thli week ' • i ft
wr 47H Glycerine Soap 2 for 25c 'Gasoline ' - • 10c /Hi
ffi^ v , thi«^reekV5f t prfce* Cl! * for * s °~. Pint bottle— regular price X5« !-'^. li'IJ
' v\\$rR enna ''* M*It Extract fSc Wcodbury*s Facial Soap'-lSc/J/f/r
V VW» Carl Renner'i German Malt A laringof xocorerthc rej. price mil
w!?f 7°3 »P« By the dozes . RaZOr. StfODS .-. .•"•*. • ; !5C">^v/
VSSjl •p»d«lpr|e« fi.7f. Odirmd free : ¦ a *Je «rojJ--iren worth It, too fflW -THE PARDONED WIFE SLAYER AND EX-PETTY LARCENIST WHO
URGED SAX FRANCISCO LABOR COUNCIL TO BOYCOTT THE CALL
BECAUSE OF ITS POLICY OF PUBLISHING LEGITIMATE NEWS.
Bowlan is a native of England and has
lived in California since 1851. Of ignoble
birth and comparatively no education, he
found existence in the haunts of crime
more congenial to his depraved taste than
the pursuit of some honest occupation. In
1862 ne was arrested for petty larceny and
after conviction of the offense was sen
tenced to the County Jail for thirty days.
He was 18 years of age at this time, and
his appearance prior to his conviction is
depicted in the photograph made at the
time and reproduced herewith.
-Upon his reappearance after his term In
jail Bowlan lived lor some years in a pre
carious way. He married early in the
seventies, and from the iirst treated his
wife with bestial cruelty. In 1879 Mrs.
Bowlan, driven to despair by her shame
less husband's brutality, left him and
took up her residence at 520 Chestnut
street. On the night of June 16 of that
year. Bowlan went to his wife's room and
demanded that she return to him. On
her refusal to comply with his demand
he drew a pistol and shot her through the
heart. He was convicted of murder in the
second decree and sent> to San Quentin
for a term of twenty years. Bowlan was
for years a favored henchman of Chris
Buckley,' and . through the latter's in
fluence he was pardoned by . Governor
Stoneman on July 26, 1886, after serving
six years of his time. <*j.
This is a partial history of the wretch
whom the Examiner now employs, in the
furtherance of Its designs against reput
able journalism In San Francisco.- On
Shoots His Defenseless Wife.
SPURRED on by the Examiner In
its fight against decent journal
ism, James Bowlan, wife-mur
derer, ex-convict, petty thief, dis
graced politician, self-styled hack
man and protege of San Francisco's yel
low journal, has demanded that the La
bor Council declare a boycott against The
To the credit of the .members of the La
bor Council, in which body Bowlan repre
sents the Hackmen's Union, the resolu
tion declaring a boycott presented by
himself and M. C. Coftey. president of the
Hackmen's Union, without the knowledge
or consent of the members of that body,
was promptly laid on the table.
Bowlan is a fit example of the character
of tools employed by the Examiner when
It has need of men of hi3 ignoble stamp
to carry some nefarious issue to a suc
cessful conclusion. At the meeting of the
labpr convention last Tuesday, the man
agement of that journal prompted Bow
lan to submit a resolution expressing the
Joy of the convention at the prospect of
a speedy recovery of President McKinley.
The resolution contained a clause con
demning "shameful efforts to make po
litical _ capital out of the. sorrow and
agony ol a national calamity," . which was
printed in conspicuous type, and which
all who were aware of the Examiner's
threat of the previous day was a direct
insinuation against The Call. Unable to
make proper reply to The Call, the reso
lution mentioned was resorted to, and
Bowlan, a cowardly assassin, who wan
tonly slew his wife, and who narrowly
escaped the gallows for his dastardly
crime, was trie instrument employed in
bringing It forward.
That the action of Bowlan and Coffey
In seeking to boycott The Call is not sanc
tioned by the members of the Hackmen's
Union is evidenced by the following card
issued by members of that body last
night:
To -Whom It 'May Concern: '. We vigorously
protest against any attempt on the part of M
C. Coffey and James Bowlan to declare a boy
cott against The Call or any other paper. Their
action In trying to ha\*e a resolution ¦ passed
condemning: the policy of The Call Is silly In
the extreme and was not countenanced by the
members of the. Hackmen's Union. We want
Bowlan is a disgrace to humanity. His
despicable character makes' him a shame
and a reproach to the community. He Is
a vagrant without visible means of liveli
hood, and that he should be connected
with any organization of labor, or should
represent any gathering of honest wage
earners in the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, is an , unspeakable outrage. His pres
ence in any respectable assemblage pol
lutes it with his inlqultv and shameless
ness; and his dastardly record, which
ranges from larceny to murder, should
condemn him forevermore In the eyes of
alt who are unfortunate enough to know
him. It is a character such as this man
presents to shock honest men and women
that the Examiner embraces without
compunction when certain tasks are to be
performed. But Bowlan's effort to secure
a boycott against The Call has served
only to rake up the gaunt shadows of a
wretched past to confound and hold him
up to the scorn of the community in which
he has for years operated with . hands
stained by the blood of a defenseless wife
whom he foully murdered. ¦ .
Hackmen Denounce Action.
July 29, 1S99, the Examiner denounced
his re-entrance into the political arena as
a disgrace to the community. Yet, after
two years, finding that the services of
this convicted assassin might perhaps
prove of value, the Examiner caused him
as a member of the San Francisco Labor
Council to present a resolution declaring
a boycott upon The Call. Acting without
the sanction of the body he represents in
the council, Bowlan, backed by President
Coffey, exposed himself to censure by his
fellow members, and it is now certain
that his usefulness as a member of the
Hackmen's Union will be deservedly
short-lived. . • ,•
Morses Start East;
George E. Morse and wife, with Miss
Grace McKinley, started for the East last
evening to attend the funeral of the late
President. Mrs. Morse is a niece of the
President and Miss McKinley is a cousin.
Leonard Nott, formerly a policeman,
was arrested last night by Sergeants Dun
can and O'Connor and locked up. in the
tanks. To-day Captain Seymour expects
to be able to place several charges of rob
bery against him. Nott is a striking
teamster. Since the inaguration of the
strike, so the police say, he has taken
particular delight in abusing and beating
special policemen. Several of them have
made complaint. A few nights ago a spe
cial named Riley was unmercifully beaten
on Third street, near Howard, and robbed
of a few dollars and a watch. As one of
his assailants answered the - description
of Nott, Captain Seymour intends to have
Riley taken to the City Prison to-day for
the purpose of seeing whether or not he
can identify the ex-policeman. . r
Nott is an escape from, the House of
Correction. After being summarily dis
missed from the Police Department for
disgraceful conduct he- was arrested for
stealing two- barrels of whisky- from a
store on Front street.*"' He was convicted
of £he charge and sent to the House of
Correction for one year. After he had
served about half his sentence he man
aged to escape. -. ,
In case the -arresting offlers fall to find
sufficient evidence against Nott to con
vict him of beating and robbing specials
Captain Seymour intends to charge him
with jail-breaking. .
Special Officers Accuse
Him of Robbing
Them.
* Kick the rascal out The cause of labor
cannot longer tolerate among Its repre
sentatives a wretch. who is unfit to asso
ciate with worthy men and whose proper
sphere is In the kennel,* to .which his con
temptible crimes Bhould condemn • him. ~
¦ ¦'-¦.¦-' ' - ,
? Bowlan admitted to a Call reporter yes
terday that he served time for the murder
of his wife, but he denies that he was
ever convicted of petty larceny. ; The
police records are clear on that point,
however, - and > his weak • denial, unsup
ported v by aught save his ; own . perjured
testimony, Is absolutely valueless. Devoid
of the instincts of, a man and lost to all
sense of honor and decency, he grovels In
brutish I fear ¦ of the consequences of his
act.:. Now that -the Labor Council mem-'
bers are aware of the character off- the
man with ¦ whom they f raternize-^a being
who has the effrontery . to class : himself
among - the number of • hones t • men who
earn ; their subsistence •; by ¦ honest " toil,'
their duty, is plain.
"The first knowledge we had of Bowlan
and Coffey's boycott resolution in the
Labor Council was when we read of it In
The Call. We were shocked. and amazed
at the outrageous character of the pro-,
ceeding. They had , no authority to pre
sent the resolution, the matter ¦ navlng
never been advised by the union. • At the
next : meeting of the union, Thursday
evening, the matter will be taken up and
there is no Question but the two : men
will be severely censured. We have no
fight against The Call or any other paper.
If we had time we could get every mem
ber of the union, except possibly -Bowlan
and Coffey, to . sign our protest. • Their
action was -unwarranted- and will .- bo
resented- in a vigorous manner by. the
union at. the proper time." ,
Bowlan* and Coffey Unauthorized.
MATT WHEUN, \
ANDY THOMPSON,
JAMES BUCKLEY.
WILLIAM CUMMINS,
THOMAS MARTIN.
HARRY H. GRIFFIN,
SAM CALDWELL,
PETER MILLER.
JOSEPH O^NEIL.
JAMES GIBNEY,
JOHN MARION,
JOHN FLYNN.
Representing Hackmen's Union.
A delegation of the signers, consisting
of Joe Ullom, John Manning, Andy
Thompson, William Cummins and Thomas
Martin, visited The Call office last night
and announced that Bowlan's act was un
authorized by the union. Mr. Ullom made
the following statement: v r -r;
it distinctly understood that we have no fight
aralnst any newspaper, and any such action
taken by Messrs. Coftey and Eowlan will • be
stroncly condemned by the representatives of
the Hackmen'n Union. Although president of
the Hackmen's Union, Mr. Coffey exceeded his
authority when with the connivance of one
Bowlan "he attempted to get through the reso
lution declaring a boycott against The Call be
fore the Labor Council: Respectfully submitted,
lore me HARRY BOWMAN.
Acting Secretary Hackett to-day or
dered Lieutenant Commander of the
Michigan, now lying at Cleveland, to pro
ceed at once to Buffalo. The Michigan's
sailors will join .the company of marines
at Buffalo under Captain Leonard in
making up a naval escort for the remains
of the late President. A small detach
ment of marines has been ordered from
the New York Navy-yard to Buffalo to
supply any deficiency in numbers.
Fifty bluejackets attached to the Il
linois at Norfolk have been ordered to
this city to serve as an escort to meet the
funeral train on its arrival at Washing
ton and to escort the remains to the
White House. «.
The complete military and civic parade,
in which regulars, militia and civil bodies
will take part, ¦ will occur when the re
mains of the President are taken from
the Capitol to the station. A detachment
of soldiers and sailors will be sent as an
escort to Canton. All orders for the
funeral will be almost identical with those
of twenty years ago, when James A. Gar
field was carried to his last resting. place.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Hackett
sent to every commandant, to every navy
yard and to every ship acting singly a
dispatch announcing- the death of Presi
dent McKinley and the accession of
Roosevelt. Under the naval regulations,
the senior officer shall direct that on the
following day the ensign and union jack
be displayed at halfmast from sunrise to
sunset and guns tired every half -hour
from all ships present. Similar orders
have been given naval stations.
The navy's details have not been made.
Secretary Root also gives directions - to
the officials of the department to make
necessary arrangements and Issue orders
for the participation of the army in the
funeral ceremonies, following the Garfield
precedent. General ,Guenther will com
mand the entire funeral procession.
Orders also are in preparation at the
War Department for different depart
ments of the army to till the duty of es
corting the remains from the station to
the White House, > to- guard the White
House on Monday night, to escort the re
mains to the Capitol and for guard duty
while the body lies in state in that build
ing. . • • •--... . ' •
Details for the Navy.
4. The followlne officers of the army will
with a like number of officers of the navy
selected for the purpose compose the guard of
honor and accompany the remains of their
late commander in chief from the national
capital to Canton, Ohio, and continue with
them until they are consigned to their final
resting place: The lieutenant general of the
army; Major General John R. Brooks, Major
General Elwell S. Otis, Major General Arthur
MacArthur, Brigadier General George L. Gil
lespie. )
The national flag will be displayed at half
mast at the headquarters of the several mili
tary divisions and departments and at all mili
tary posts, stations, forts and buildings and
vessels under the control of this department un
til the remains of the late chief magistrate are
consigned to their final resting place at Can
ton, Ohio, on the afternoon of Thursday, the
19th lnst., on which day all labor will be sus
pended at all military posts and^ stations and
on all public works under the direction of the
department and at 12 o'clock meridian twenty
one minute guns will be fired from all military
posts and stations. The officers of the army of
the United States will wear the usual badge of
mourning on their swords and the colors of the
various military organizations of the army will
be draped in mourning for the period of one
month.
3. At dawn of day thirteen guns will be fired
at each military post and afterward at inter
vals of thirty minutes between the rising? and
setting of the sun a single gun, and at the
close of the day the salute of the Union of
forty-five guns.- j. .
2. On the day after the receipt of this order
at the headquarters, at military commands in
the neld and at each military station and at
the military academy at West Point the troops
and cadets will be paraded at 10 a. m. and the
order read to them, after which all labor for
the day will cease. .
All Soldiers Will Mourn.
The lieutenant seneial of the army will give
the necessary instructions for carrying out these
orders. ELIHU ROOT, Secretary of War.
Appropriate funeral honors will be paid to
the memory of the late President and com
mander in chief at the headquarters of every
military division and department, at every mil
itary post, at the military academy at West
Point and at every camp of troops of the United
States In the field.
The distressing duty devolves upon the Sec
retary of War of announcing to -the army the
death of William McKinley, President of the.
United States, which occurred at Buffalo at'
2:15 o'clock a. m. on the 14th" day of Septem
ber, 1901. * ' •
The srief : into which the nation has been
plunged by the untimely death of its chief mag
istrate will be keenly felt by the x army of the
United States, in which in his early manhood
he rendered conspicuous and patriotic services
and in whose welfare he manifested at all times
a profound and abiding solicitude.
1. The following order of. the Secretary of
War announces to the army the death of
President William McKinley:
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— A dispatch
was received at the War Department
from Secretary Root approving the recent
order to the army announcing the death
of President McKinley. 1 It will be sent
to all officers In command to-morrow. The
order follows:
EX-POLICEMAN
IN THE TANKS
.LONDON, Sept. 14.— It is. learned that
King Edward is considering the j advisa
bility of the Duke of Cornwall and York
attending the funeral of President Mc-
Kinley. The uncertainty which exists
here. as to the date of the ceremonv and
the lack of knowledge of the attitude of
President Roosevelt and others toward
such a visit have prevented anything
definite being decided upon. The Foreign
Office heartily indorses the suggestion,
subject to the approval of the United
States Cabinet and the consent of King
Edward, who under the circumstances, is
obviously the most concerned. -
It is said that if it is decided to be ad
visable for the Duke of York to attend
the funeral, the Canadians will doubtless
gladly put up with the disarrangement of
their programme consequent upon such a
momentous diversion of the royal tour. /
As regards thi3 suggestion and other of
ficial details connected with Great Brit
ain's effort to honor the dead President
great uncertainty prevails,' owing to the
Marquis of Lansdowne, the Foreign Min
ister, being in a sequestered spot in Ire
land, King Edward being in Denmark
and the Cabinet being scattered, over the
United Kingdom. . ,
The Sunday Special, presenting the ques
tion of attendance of the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York at the
funeral of President McKinley, says: ,
"In view of the deep concern the King
has manifested from the moment the
President was shot there can be no doubt
that the attendance of the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York would be
received with warm gratitude by the
United States, and despite questions of
etiquette the King may well feel that such
an onportunity of strengthening the good
relations of the two great English-speak
ing peoples should not lightly 'be put
aside."
Englishmen Indorse Plan for
Cornwall and York's
Visit.
Wherever the Forces of Amer
ica May Be They Must
Fire Salutes.
Army and Navy to Pay
Tributes to Late
President.
British King Lik 3ly to
Send Duke to ' )he
Funeral.
EDWARD'S SOON
MAY ATTEND
SCHLEY COURT
WILL ADJOURN
Not to Resume Sitting
Until President Is '
Interred.
Summoning of Sampson
Rests With Counsel
for Schley.
WASHINGTON, Sept 14.-Admiral
Dewey came to the city to-day from his
country home and consulted with Captain
Lemly, the judge advocate of the Schley
court .of inquiry, respecting- the effect of
the President's death upon the court's
proceedings. "While no announcement has
yet been made, it is expected the court
will meet on Monday at the navy yard,
in accordance with the call issued by Ad
miral Dewey, and that it will adjourn
until the day immediately after the
funeral of President McKinley, as a mark
of respect to' his memory. .
Counsel for Rear Admiral Schley ex
press themselves as satisfied with Rear
Admiral Ramsay as a member of th9
court in place of Rear Admiral Howlson.
No summons has been issued by Judga
Advocate Lemly for Rear Admiral Samp
son, and unless something unforeseen oc
cur later in the case he will not call Ad
miral-Sampson to Washington. on his own
initiative. Captain Lemly has issued very
few summonses so far and some of these
already issued have been withdrawn, and
in addition he does not regard the testi
mony of Admiral Sampson as necessary
in this case. If Admiral Schley's counsel,
however, care to call Admiral Sampson
the judge advocate will issue the sum
mons and his physical and mental condi
tion will determine the character of his
response.
ACTOR FIGURES
IN REAL DRAMA
W. H. Thompson Arrest
ed at Doors of Colum
bia Theater.
W. H. Thompson, the well-known char
acter actor, who has been playing with
the Frohman Company at the Columbia
Theater, was arrested last night by a
Deputy Sheriff on an order issued by Su
perior Judge Graham. ~ ;
Thompson's arregt was on complaint of
Mrs. John H. Greer of this city, who al
leged that Thompson was about to leave
the State in order to avoid payment of a
judgment she had secured against him in
Superior Judge Hunt's court.
Thompson was formerly married to a
daughter of Mrs. Greer, but some years
agx> he . secured a divorce. His ex-wif e
died after the divorce and Mrs. Greer
brought suit in the Superior Court to re
cover $1050, which she claims she advanced
to Thompson and' his wife.
Thompson stated last night that he
knew nothing whatever of any money ever
having been .advanced to him or. his wife
by Mrs. Greer and that he was in entire
ignorance of any suit against him. He
denied that he had ever been served with
any - papers in the case. Judge Graham
made an order that Thompson could only
secure his release from custody by putting
up $500 bail. As Thompson could not fur
nish the amount the Deputy Sheriff re
mained with him at his hotel. The case
will be heard to-morrow morning by Su
perior Judge Graham. .
Croker Speaks of Calamity.
NEW YORK. Sept 14.— Richard Croker
was a passenger on the steamer Lucania,
which arrived here from Liverpool to-day.
He .would not discuss politics.
"When the whole American nation is
filled with sorrow at the untimely death
of our chief magistrate it is no time to
talk politics," he said. "Under the great
affliction that has befallen us, "Democrats
and Republicans stand side by side as
American citizens with uncovered heads,
shocked and grief-stricken, at the bier
of our dead President." " "
It Is more blessed to give a bill than It
is to pay one.
ALL SOLDIERS
AND TARS MOURN
EXAMINER USES WIFE-MURDERER
AND PETTY THIEF AS ITS TOOL
Members of the Hackmen's Union Denounce Effort
¦ of James Bowlan, Convicted Uxoricide and Lar
cenist, to Have Boycott Placed Against The Call
NO HOPE NOW
SAYS KRUGER
Former President Be
lieves That War
•Must Cease.
pose Plan For Inter
vention. *
Many Boers Are Said to Op-
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— The Rheinlsh West
phalean Zeitung in an article dealing with
the South African situation says:
"We hear that President Kruger, whose
health is excellent, regards the burghers'
cause as hopeless. He declares that the
Boers do not desire the Intervention of
the powers, as only Great Britain would
get the benefit of such intervention."
On the other hand, several papers as
sert that the Boer delegates In Europe
have sent an official appeal to The Hague
asking for arbitration.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— The trial has begun
here of Dr. Broecksman, public prosecutor
under the late Transvaal Government, on
a charge of "espionage." says a dispatch
to the Daily Mail from Johannesburg.
"The evidence thus far has tended to
enow that the accused acted as an in
termediary between Dr. Leyds. Dr. Kraus
and others, the letters coming through the
United States Consul In Johannesburg/'
HAMILTON, Bermuda, Sept. 14.— The
British transport Montrose landed on
Tuckers Island to-day ninety-three Boers
and rebel convicts. The prisoners include
a. brother of ex-President Steyn, the for
mer President of the Orange Free State,
and other prominent persons. There were
twenty-three deaths from various causes
during- the voyage. Three companies of
the Warwickshire Regiment are guarding
the prisoners.
EASTERN" •ftASTTR.AT.T. GAMES.
XATTONALi LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. Sept- 14.— Pittsburg captured
two sanies in rather easy etyle. The visitors'
pitchers In both games were bit -when hits
did the most good. Attendance 7000. . Score:
First Kame— *R. H. E.
Pittsburg ~ 6 10 4
Cincinnati 3 10 1
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Stlmmel
and Pelt*. Umpire— Exnslle.
Second iam*- R. H. B.
Pittsburg 8 . 13 3
Cincinnati 4 8 1
Batteries— Doherty. Phllllppl, Yaeger and
O'Connor; Sufihoff and Bergen, Umpire— Ems-
He.
EOSTOX. Sept.14.— An amusing succession of
errors and stupid plays on the part of Xew
York rave the home team the game in the
first inning. Nichols pitched a great game.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 9 10 1
New York 2 6 6
Batteries— XlcholB and Kittredge; Phyle and
Warner. Umpire — Charles Gansell.
AMERICAX LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Sept. 14.-Cleveland bunched hits
in the seventh and eighth Innings to-day and
won the game. Seven double plays were made
during the game. Attendance 2975. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 12 1
Detroit 3 10 4
Batteries — Moore and Wood; Teaser and Mc-
Allister.
BOSTON, Sept. 14.— Boston outclassed Wash
ington in all departments of the game to-day
and won easily. Young pitched a brilliant
Fame, letting the visitors down with four hits.
Attendance 7*76. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ' 12 12 2
Washington 14 4
Batteries — Toung: and Crlger; Carrfck, Mercer
and Clarke.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 14.— Philadelphia
won two games from Baltimore to-day. The
first contest was wretchedly played, but the
second was one of the best seen on the local
American League* grounds. Attendance 7167.
Scores :
First game— R. H. E.
Baltimore . 2 7 7
Philadelphia 7 11 3
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Fraser and
Powers.
Second game—' R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 7 2
Philadelphia. 3,8 2
Batteries— Nops and Bresnehan; Plank, Bern
hardt and Steelman.
CHICAGO. Sept. It — Chicago-Milwaukee
game postponed; rain.
« m m
Tribute From Senator Hanna.
BLFFALO, Sept. 14.— Senator Mark
Hanna, aJthoug-h giving utterance to but
few sentences, by the eloquence of his
sincerity paid a touching tribute to hia
departed friend, the dead President:
"I cannot say. I shall not try." he said,
"to utter sentiments of tribute. For many
years the President has been my dearest
friend. My devotion to the President dur
ing all these years ought to Indicate how
I esteemed the man and what I thought
of iiim."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day---You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
; NEW;::WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHNT AND ' WASHINGTON STS-— RE-.
modeled 'and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. ' European plan. "Rooms, 50c to $1 30 day;
loto ii week; $8 to £0 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: ft re grates In every
room: -elevator runs all nleht.
Weekly CaJl,$1.00 per Year
K. Piiis
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable.. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
Healthful regularity.
> k For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
fwiver, Bowein. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
" •erularltles. Sidf Headache, Biliousness, Con-
- it 1 pa' Ion, PIIms and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
•T m*U. BADWAT & CO.. New Tort
[ How any nan may quickly cure himself after
years of 'suffering ' from sexual | weakness, loat
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and* en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.'
Simply send your name and address to Dr. I*.
W. Knapp, - 137J Hull ¦ building, ! Detroit. I Mich. .
and he will • gladly - send the ¦ free | receipt • with
full directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen-
erous offer, and the following -, extracts taken
from his dally mall show, what men. think; of
his generosity: ¦ - ¦ •• *
'."Dear: Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours ; of - recent ' date. ' I have . given your
treatment a thorough test and - the benefit ¦ hat
L W.KNAPP. M. D.
• •¦ ¦ -. v. r :• ' * • t- ¦.
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just aa vigorous as when a. boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am." ¦
- '•Dear Sir— Tour method worked beautifully
Results .were exactly .what I needed. Strenrth
and vigor have completely, returned . and «n-
largement Is entirely, satisfactory.'; -'.-_.. - T .'
"Dear Sir— Tours was received and I had.no
trouble In making use of the receipt a* directed
and can truthf ully say : It < i» a" boon ' to wealc
men. I am greatly, improved; la «lze.; strength
All correspondence Is strictly confidential.'
mailed : In - plain, scaled • envelope. . The receipt
is. free for the asking and b« wants every man
to cave it. • ' .._ _ ¦
Another carload * of . Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready for distribution, about
September 23.
( Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a copy of this fine
book at the premium price of
$1.50. None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas.
CALL ATLASES *V
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
and Bladder Remedy*
0
The Great Kidney, Liver
SAMPLE EOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
•Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early : symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nervous-
ness, " catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, sallow complexion, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, suppres-
sion of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night
. The mild and extraordinary effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root is soon realized. K
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. You may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it. including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers' cured, both sent free by
mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton. N. Y.. and please mention that you
read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Dally Call.
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- JSag|.
perience in fitting and curing /^^i§^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method L^.)^
is secured in this office. We f^J^HSpf
only charge for «-g$V^ §j!s^&
TRUSSES FRE?§HBk
We can cure reducible B&wES lH
ruptarca in 60 days by our gg*||jf|i& g*
method without pain or loss S^^^^
of time. Over 20,000 cures &£$&&&&&
in 10 years. The fee may l^^^ai^^r
be deposited in a bank, pay- EMSSlPi^^
able to your own order, to be
handed us when cured; NOT Md/fuSi
BEFORE. Successful on KB VM
men, women and children. »a sf§i
Branch offices in all large «H) SS
cities. Consultation free. §7 'SI
FidelityBaptureCDre.^ % %
Rooms 4, 5 ft 6, No. 26j£ Kearnj St., S. F.
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BT ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOON. \
At Salesrooms of
6. H. UMBSEN & CO,,
,. * Nc. 14 Montgomery Straet.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larga
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets., The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the c'.ty. Offered in three
subdivisions— "\ -¦
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts., 69 ft:"
on Third st., 83 ft. on Jessie st. Stores and - ¦
offices; rents $5220 per annum. .
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson St.. 57:6
ft. east of Third St.. and fronting: 27:6 ft. C3
Jessie. . .
3. Three-story and basement brick buildin?
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson St., U7;5
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jesele St. Annual income from these last two
pieces $4000: can be separated and increased
wills small outlay.
Choice Pieeo of Business Property.
Nos. 910. 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through t >
Montgomery avenue; two frontages, 49:6 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street. ¦:£>£?
' Between Washington and Jackson; lot 47:8
feet by 137:6 feet: best location In Chinatown;
present rental $155 per month.
Nos. 1 832-834 Washington street.
. Large, centrally located corner brick build-
In? in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; rent*
$350 per month.-
Three Large Pieces of Property in
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city:
described as follows: .. .- ¦¦ ;
Almost entire block bounded by 18th and
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, f-om '
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of 'Wisconsin,
96:10 feet on ISth by 83 feet on Wisconsin sul
See diagrams for further particulars, , or ths
Referees. 3ASBHHHHbS
J. T. HARV1ES, 626 Market St. .
G. H. IMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP=ROOT.
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
f**\ Rupture Our'edT;
*\ -^- Tie celebrated California In- 1
i\t /^gLaSa Tentor, Dr. Pierce, discovered J
K7*^ r ry» that the only remedy for Bnp- 1
• "C ture la Electricity, and In pcr-f
1 v^TJa f ectinjf his wonderful Electro- .
s &JiS't*r? ¦>. Magnetic Tru3S and estab- '
§&^$i**fyjiS&jxb lishiBgita sale throughout
» ll -'vV\*>«'^*ffi«gSfs ferersfromtaisdaBgeroua
''•V'A: V ;; *sfe5s!Sw malady .the relief and s»-
" '"^jf^W^vS mSSt curity vainly sought for
'¦¦ *$\8iFHittf elsewhere. Thisrenowned
Vi^V appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and Its action on th»
ruptured parts Is quick and effecti-re Cur**
accomplished by its use are numbered by th»
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co.,1145 Broadway (near .
26th St.). X»w YorJc. or 206 Post St.. Sangranciaco.
Awful Pile Torture
Cured in 3 Days.
Mrs. R. T. C. Boylan, Marshall, Missis-
sippi, trrites: "I suffered awful torture
for rears from piles. I used Pyramid Pile
Cure and was well in three days." For
* .sale by all druggists. Little book, "Piles,
Causes and Cure," mailed free. Pyramid
Drug Co.. Marshall. Mich.
JOE POHEIM
H The Tailor
JdpoL Makes the- best fitting
0#fy% clothes in the State at
mWx$L very moderate Prices.
tllr Pants'S&rS4.S8«.-S!0
JiM Snit5^r?$l5.Mu,$50
wfif 201-203 Montgomery Street
l M II10-III2 Market Street
f I SAN FRANCISCO
•c- r^tt 143 Sooth Sprino Street
***.• LOS ANGELES
m wv^ST b isiw §2 J5T d» is?
Ws Si h |RJ KraH9 CM It --^ j fik M A_jcj
l9 Ef .51 K.. F^il EkSe rw* ji Cv H QBtf-,-nRev. Bradford Leavltt of the First Uni
tarian, Church will. preach this morning
on "The Curse of the Calf." - - . ; .-¦¦
Thomas . B. ¦; Neely, D. -. D. , : L.L.. D. , of
Pennsylvania, one of the foremost men
In Methodism, will occupy the pulpit of
the Central Methodist. Episcopal Chu-ch
this evening. ...-..> . . • . ¦ .- ;.-,-¦»¦
f:ev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
urch ¦will'- conduct special 'memorial
services. . : •. :...:. ;
MEMORIAL SERVICES TO.
BE HELD IN CHTJBCHES
Tastors and Congregations Will Offer
Special Prayers for the Dead j
.President.
In churches of every denomination sol
emn memorial services will be held to-day
in honor of the late President. Prayers
will be "offered for the repose of his soul
and the pastors will dwell with sorrow on
the taking off of the head of the nation.
In many churches the choirs will sing the
beautiful hymn, "Nearer, My • God, to
Thee," which was chanted by the Presi
dent before he breathed his last. .
Archbishop Rlordan has Issued Instruc
tions to the various parish churches to
hold solemn high mass to-day and on the
day of the funeral. The Archbishop's, let
ter, published elsewhere, will be read; at
each mass this morning.
At the cathedral Father Hannigan will
preach the sermon; at the 10:30- o'clock
solemn high mass. Special prayers will
be delivered for the late President and
the nation. In the evening Rev. Father
Dempsey will preach a sermon on the goa
pel of the day. ¦ •...¦ .
Rev. Father Moran will preach a spe
cial sermon on the death of the President
and will also read the letter sent out by
the Archbishop. Solemn high mass will
be celebrated at 11 o'clock.
The services at the First Baptist Church
will be conducted by .the pastor, Rev 12
A.' Woods. In the morning there will b^
a solemn memorial > service and in the
evening the pastor will deliver an addrcsa
on From the Life of President
Rev. William Rader of. the Third' Con
gregational Church will preach his regu
lar sermon ln the morning and will re%r
to the death of President- McKinley "In
45 e r, e . v ? nlng P ra y er s will be said; for Mrs.
McKinley and the nation.. . =' -•• .
A solemn memorial service will be held
In the First English Lutheran Church
Geary street, near Gough, to-day. Rev'
E. Nelander will preach of the subject-'
"The Assassination of President McKin
ley." Appropriate, music will be rendered.
Services will begin at 11 o'clock.
Re . v ; 'W.-'^i Du san of the Stewart Me
morial. Presbyterian Church will preach
this morning on "Tha Unity of Othe
Church" and in the .evening on- "The
Bloody Hand of the Assassin?" ne
Rev. , John H. Kerr, D. D.,, will address
a mass meeting for young men this aftpr
noon at 3 o'clock in the Young- Men's
Christian Association building. There wi'l
be singing by a male Quartet. Seats will
be free to all. ' •: . j- . ¦ •¦* ¦'¦¦•. -
"Matter" .will be the subject of discus
sion at the services/of the First Church
of Christ, * Scientist, this 'morning
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will breach this morn
ing on "The Dignity ot Humanity ". and In
memorial services in honor of the' late
President.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 14.— The Republican
Good Government League this afternoon
eulogized the martyred President and
adopted resolutions condemning the as
assination and extending sympathy to
Mrs. McKinley. President E. A. Hayes
presided, and there was a large attend
ance. The meeting had been called for a
reorganization of the league, but the
death of Mr. McKinley turned it into one
of sorrow and grief. President Hayes de
livered an eloquent address. He said that
three times within bis memory the coun
try had been called to mourn the loss of
a "beloved chief— Lincoln, Garfield and
McKinley. All were good and great men
and their administrations had greatly
benefited the country- Judge J. R. Lewis
followed In an address that was touching.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Wbereas. For the third time ln the life of
our nation the assassin's bullet has robbed the
people of Its beloved President, thereby throw
injp- the entire American continent into deep
mournlr.F and threatening the very founda
tions of oar political existence: therefore, be it
Rreolved. By the Republican Good Govern
ment League of Santa Clara County that in
the death ©*-the Honorable William McKlnley
the people of the United Etatcs have lost an
efficient executi\'e officer, a man. of the high
est type in every sense of the word, a true
patriot, an honest and upright citizen, and a
man who la every way stood for what ls best
in American citizenship. ¦
That we heartily sympathize with his be
reaved wife in her terrible affliction.
That we believe that euch amendments to
cur laws, and if necefcsary to the constitution,
must be made as will prohibit the promul-
Kation of principles which teach and encour
age assassination in high places, and as will
make it possible to stamp out the evil of an
axchism forever.
The meeting then adjourned out of re
spect to the dead President
Mayor Martin to-day issued the follow
ing proclamation to the citizens of San
Jose:
Office of the Mayor t
cf the City of gan Jose. $
To the citizens of the city of San Jose: To
day the entire civilized world mourns the loss
of America's greatest citizen, our martyred
President. William McKlnley, struck down by
the hand of a dastardly assassin at the . mo
ment when his many virtues had most endeared
him to the hearts of his people. It is a time
of sorrow, of deepest grief, . and every indi
vidual of this commonwealth feels the loss as
a personal bereavement.
Under such circumstances, it is due the rev
erence and love the American people bear for
the achievements and character of our honored
dead, and a proper expression of the affection
bo freely bestowed upon him that the munici
pality and all its citizens, by united action,
give public evidence of their grave and irre
parable Ioee and deep and lasting grief.
Knowing the patriotic sentiments of the citi
zens of this community, I therefore direct that
the flags upon all public buildings in the city
of San Joee be placed at half stall for a period
of thirty days, and that -on the day of the
funeral of William McKinley the offices of the
municipality be closed. I would further earn
estly request that all business houses remain
closed on the day of the funeral as a mark
of respect for the nation's dead.
Dated this 14th day of November, 1901.
C. J. martin,
Mayor of the City of San Jose.
SALINAS, Sept. 14.— Upon receipt of the
news of the death of President McKinley
last night the fire bell was tolled. Despite
the lateness of the hour the streets were
soon thronged, every one being anxious
to know the particulars. Flags .were dis
played at half mast on every staff in
town to-day and mourning emblems were
placed upon many buildings. Suitable me
morial services will be held.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 14.— News of the
President's death was received here with
sorrow. Men, women and children re
tused to leave the bulletin boards last
night until the worst was known. The
fire bell was tolled as soon as the news
was received and shortly after daylight
this morning flags went up at half mast
and many of the store fronts were draped
in mourning. Public memorial services
under the auspices of the local Grand
Army post will be held here to-morrow
afternoon.
STOCKTON, Sept. 14.— The courthouse
and other buildings have been draped in
mourning. At a meeting of the Demo
cratic County Committee this afternoon
the following resolution was passed:
Resolved. That In the death of William Mc-
Kinley the American nation has lost a brave,
honest and noble chief executive; that while
as Democrats we opposed him politically in
bis candidacy for the highest office in the gift
of the people, as Americans we honored him
and respected him, living, as the > President of
the United States, irrespective of party af
filiations, and our sorrow at his death is heart
felt and profound.
FRESNO, Sept. 14.— The citizens are fe
verish for all news concerning the late
President's death and the succession.
Flags generally are at half mast. The
Union of Clergymen met to-day and ar
ranged for public I memorial services to
be . held to-morrow evening In Barton
Opera-house. The Supervisors adjourned
out of respect and the clerk was ordered
to draft appropriate resolutions and pre
sent them. • . ¦ • . .
. SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 14.— Citizens of
San Rafael convened this evening ln the
town hall to decide upon a fitting ob
servance of grief over the death of the
President. Judge J. M. Angellotti was
elected chairman and Instructed to ap
point a committee of fifteen to meet on
Monday night. Attorney Thomas P. Boyd
was appointed secretary.-
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 14.— Acting Mayor
Powers issued a request to the people of
the^city asking that flags be placed at
hall mast and other marks of respect
shown to the dead President. The request
was obeyed and many private places of
business, as well as ail public buildings
were draped ln mourning to-day '
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 14.— Flags were
at half mast on all public buildings to
day and business was at a standstill out
of. respect to the dead President. Many
of the business houses closed their doors
for the day.
MODESTO, Sept. 14.— Grant- Post. Grand
Army. • of {ho . BepubUo, adopted' the ' f oi-
lowing resolutions at its last regular meet
ing:
Resolved, By Grant Post No. 9, Grand Army
of the Republic, that we learn with lnexpress
able indignation of the fiendish and dastardly
assault on the person of our beloved comrade
and honored Presidents William McKlnley at
the city of Buffalo, New York, by one who
has no honor or principle, and totally unworthy
of recognition as a fit person to live in this
or any other country, but should be dispatched
to his eternal doom of hell fire and brimstone,
with alL who entertain such views. We there
fore demand that the pernicious and hellish
doctrine of the clan of anarchists should be
speedily suppressed by an act of Congress
leading to that end, and we further believe
that there should be laws passed to put down
all of the dastardly yellow journals-^to wine
them out of the United States. •
Done by order, of the post.
. ¦ '¦ • A. MINNIE AR, Commander.
W. H. ARNOLD, Adjutant.
Continued From Page Fourteen.
NAMES A DAY FOR MOURHIRC-
Will Forward Resolutions.
Spartan and Harmony lodges of the An
cient Order of United Workmen adjourned
last night out of respect to the memory
of the late President McKinley.
At the meeting of Mission Chapter of
the Order of the Eastern Star, at which,
there were present nearly 200 members ot
the order. It waa resolved to send a letter
of condolence to Mrs. McKlnley, who la a
member of the order.
At an' early session of the Board of Kire
Underwriters and the Marine Underwrit
ers of San Francisco yesterday it was de
cided to at once close their offices for the
day out of respect to the memory of the
late President McKinley. It was further
decided that the insurance offices of the
members will be closed on the day of the
funeral.
Insurance Offices Close.
Let us bow reverently before the remains of
this victim and let us ehed our tears over his
open grave! During McKinley's visit to this
city, a. representative of l'ltalia -was intro
duced to him. While presenting to the Chief
Magistrate of this country of adoption the
greetings of thousands of fellow Italians, Mc-
Kinley, shaking hands, cheerfully said he con
sidered the Italians as among the most loyal
of foreign American citizens. Let us, there
fore. In this- day of bereavement, send our
reverent salute to the generous American
country, and let us mourn with the nation.
The man - who loved his country so fondly,
who fought his country's wars on the battle
fields and in the legislative halls; the man
who with an overwhelming majority was
twice elected by his people to the highest office
of^ the nation, and to his nation he gave a
prosperity never before enjoyed, this noble
man, William McKlnley, died tragically, vic
tim of an anarchistic hand, the only hand that
could be raised against the Chief Magistrate
of the nation, the most prosperous and happy
land on earth. r' •
Just as a year ago Brescl killed the kindest
of kings, so now. by the hand of assassin
Czolgosz. ebbed away the life of the most popu
lar of Presidents. ,.
Infamous anarchy has made another victim,
and this time it has torn the life, of the most
democratic, of the most popular among the
chiefs of nations, a man elected by the people,
by the vote of seventy millions of free citizens,
the freest .of. the world.
The noble American nation ls ln mourning;
the whole civilized world ls ln mourning!
The following ls a translation of an edi
torial which appeared ln L'ltalia, the
Italian daily of this city:
Expresses Their Profound
Sorrow.
An Editorial in Their Official Paper
ITALIANS MOTJKN" LOSS
OP PRESIDENT McKINLEY
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 14.— Great sym
pathy -was expressed in Victoria for the
people of the United States in their
affliction. When It was known that the
cowardly deed of the assassin had robbeu
the nation of its President many messages
of sympathy were sent to the United
States Consul. The church and fire belli*
were tolled and Victoria to-day was like*
a forest of half-masted flags. In many
places pictures of the dead President were
displayed, bordered with crape.
One of the. most noticeable marks of
sympathy was the Stars and Stripes flying
at half-mast on the British warship War
spite, flagship of the fleet, that mark of
respect being paid at the orders of the
admiral.
The following message of sympathy was
sent to the United States Consul by Pre
mier Dunsmuir on behalf of the Govern
ment of British Columbia:
PREMIER'S OFFICE. VICTORIA.
Sept. 14, 19G1.
Hon. Abraham Smith, Consul of the United
States, Victoria, B. C— Sir: I have the honor,
by direction, to convey to you an expression
of the deep regret which is felt by Hon. James
Dunsmuir and the members of the executive
on account of the sad termination of the mur
derous attempt on the life of the late Hon.
William McKlnley, President of the United
States, and to say on their behalf, more es
pecially in view of the unspeakable means by
which his life was sacrificed, how sincerely
they sympathize with the people of your coun
try In the great Ios3 you have sustained. To
his bereaved -widow and the other members
of the late President's family, the executive
desire in particular to extend their condolence.
The sympathies and sentiments of our people
are, as you may see, everywhere publicly and
strikingly Indicated and there is not the slight
est doubt that a common bond of feeling with
people akin is being similarly manifested to
day throughout our Dominion and the entire
British empire. I have the honor to be, sir,
your most obedient servant.
R. K. GOSNELU Private Secretary.
Mayor Hayward forwarded the follow
ing dispatch to his Excellency, the Gov
ernor-General, for transmission to Wash
ington: y
Citizens of Victoria. B. C, deeply moved by
the loss our brethren of the United States
have sustained by the removal of their re
vered President, desire to tender sincere sym
pathy in this hour of their national bereave
ment. CHARLES HAYWAHD. Mayor.
Hon. Abraham Smith, United States
Consul, was the recipient of many ex
pre«Htons of condolence from citizens of
all Classen, which were collectively trans
mitted by him to his Government.
NANAIMO, B. C, Sept. 14,— All flags
are half-masted here and were Nanalmo
on United States soil no more Brief for
tho martyred President could be din
played. Mayor Manson, voicing the senti
ments of all, said this evening:
"Nanaimo shares the sorrow of the
United States and extends full measure
of sympathy to the bereaved wife of the
dead Frcsldent." >
OAKLAND, Sept: 14.— In accordance
with the request of Mayor Barstow, the
committee which had charge of the re
ception to President McKinley during his
visit to Oakland met to-day to arrange
for a public memorial service in honor. pf
the dead. John A. Britton and P.- E.
Bowles held a conference with Congress
man Victor H. Metcalf touching the form
of the exercises, ln general it was de
cided to hold a military, civic and school
children's parade, with simultaneous ser
vices following in the principal churches
of the city. Tnis plan was conceived upon
the belief that a late day might be se
lected for general observance throughout
the United States.
The announcement that Tuesday had
been selected as the day for the funeral,
the proclamation issued by the Governor
for a public observance of that day and
the tendency manifested, to make the day
of the funeral the special time for a pub
lic mourning, led the committee to defer
final decision until to-morrow. There will
be a meeting to-morrow morning of the
committee and some other prominent citi
zens to arrange the programme.
Public buildings, private houses and
business places throughout the city are
rapidly being draped ln the colors -of
mourning. The flag is at half mast every
where.
In every church in Oakland divine ser
vices will be held as a memorial to the
departed President.- The pastors have se
lected as their topics of discourse the
death of William McKinley and prayers
and song will be fitted to the solemn hour
ln which th« name of the revered leader
will be honored.
At the First Congregational Church the
pastor) the Rev. C. R. Brown, will offi
ciate during the evening service, when
there will be addresses by Frederick S.
Stratton, United" States Senator George
C. Perkins and the Rev. J. K. McLean.
The Judges of the Superior Court will
not sit Monday, as a mark of respect to
the late President.
An order was lBsued to-day by Chief of
Police Hodgktns to his men to drape their
stars in mourning until after the Presi
dent's funeral.
The directors of tho Ebell Society have
postponed all social affairs scheduled for
this month, the action being taken out of
respect for the dead President's memory.
Mourning at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Sept. 14,-Flags are float
ing at half-mast at the university and ln
all parts of town. The men in the mall
service are wearing crape on their arms.
President Wheeler announced this morn-
Ing that exercises would be suspended at
tho University of California throughout
the day of the late President's funeral.
Kxerclnes will not be suspended on any
other dny.
The Town Trustees will meet Tuesday
night in special session to pass appropri
ate resolutions on behalf of the people
of this city.
Services at Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.— Memorial services
In honor of the late President will be held
to-morrow morning in Christ Episcopal
Church. They will be conducted by the
Rev. T. J. Lacey, tho rector, and the asi
slstant rector, the Rev. Mr. Johnson.
Superintendent C. C. Hughes has issued
an order that an hour be set apart for
memorial services in the schools Monday
afternoon.
The Methodist Church South has been
draped in mourning preparatory to the
memorial services that wlH be held there
to-morrow morning. The Rev. Euclid Mc-
Whorter will deliver the address.
Grief Hastens End.
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— Joseph H. Shlnn.
a well-known lodgeman, died at 12:30
o'clock this morning at his home, 2422
Fulton street, at the age of 70 years. The
old gentleman's death was hastened by
the'- news'* of the shooting of President
McKinley. The first news grieved him
greatly and he begged not to be told if
the President died, preferring to pass
away himself in the belief that the chief
executive was still alive. The deceased
was a prominent Mason of Baker City,
Or. He leaves a wife and a daughter, Mrs.
Eva Stone. Funeral services will be held
Monday afternoon at 1:30 o'clock at Ma
sonic- "Hall and will be condupted by
Durant Lodge, F. and A. M.
British Columbia Displays
Sympathy for This
Country.
Committee That Received
President to Arrange
Memorial Exercises.
j It was 3:15 p. m. when' President Roose
velt' came back to the house j of Ansley
Wilcox, and until 3:25 p. m., when the
Cabinet arrived, preparations were being
made for the taking of the oath of office.
¦ The place selected was the library of
Mr. Wilcox's house, a rather small' room,
the picturesque, heavy oak trimmings and
massive bookcases giving it somewhat the
appearance of a legal den.
President Takes Position.
A pretty bay window with stained glass
and . pretty hangings formed a back
ground; and'before this the President took
his position. Surrounding : him were the
five members of the Cabinet— Secretaries
Root,. Hitchcock, uong and Wilson and
Postmaster General Smith. Near by were
Senator Chauncey M. Depew. Judge ot
the Court of Appeals Haight, John Scath
erd, Mr. and Mrs. Ansley Wilcox, Miss
Wilcox, George H: Sawyer, Drs. Mann,
Parke and Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. Carlton
Sprague, Mr. and Mrs. John Q. Milburn,
Secretary to the President William Loeb
Jr., Secretary to the deceased President
George B. Cortelyou, Dr. and Mrs. Charles
Carey, R. C. Scatherd, J. D. Sawyer, Wil
liam Jeffers of the United States Senate
and Judge of the United States District
Court John R. Hazel. , , ,
Judge Hazel stood near the President In
the bay window, and the latter showed ma
almost extreme nervousness by plucking
at the lapel of his long frock coat and
nervously tapping the hardwood floor with
his heel. He stepped over once to Secre
tary Root and for about five minutes they
conversed earnestly. The question at is
sue was whether the President should first
sign an oath of office and then swear ln
or whether he should swear first and sign
the document in the case after.
Secretary Boot "Weeps.
' At precisely 3:32 Secretary of War Root
Bald In an almost inaudible voice:
"Mr. Vice President: I here his
voice broke down for fully two minutes,
the tears came down his face and his lips
quivered so that he could not continue
his utterances. There were sympathetic
tears from those about him, and two great
drops ran down either cheek of the suc
cessor of William McKlnley. Mr. Roots
chin was on his breast. Suddenly, throw
ing back his head as If with an effort,
he continued in a broken voice: -
"1 have been requested, on behalf or
the Cabinet, of the late President, at
least those who are present in Buffalo,
all except two. to request lor reasons of
weight, affecting the affairs of govern
ment, you should proceed to take the
constitutional oath of ofllce as President
of the United States."
Judge Hazel had stepped to the rear of
the President and Mr., Roosevelt, coming
closer to Secretary Root, said in a voice
that at first wavered, but finally came
deep and strong, while, as if to control
his nervousness, he held firmly to the
lapel of hid coat with his right hand:
"I shall take the oath at once, in ac
cordance with your request, and in this
hour of deep and terriblo bereavement I
wish to state that it shall bo my aim. to
contlnuo absolutely unbroken' the policy
of President McKinley for the peace and
prosperity and honor of our beloved coun
try " r
Roosevelt Takes the Oath.
Tho President stepped farther Into the
bay window and Judge Hazel, taking up
the constitutional oath of the President,
which had been prepared on parchment,
asked the President to raise his right
hand and repeat It after him. There was
a hush like death in tho room as the
Judge read a few words at a timo and the
President ln a strong voice, without a
tremor and with his hand raised as steady
as If carved from marble, repeated It aft-»
er him.
"And thus I swear," ho ended it.
The hand dropped by his side, his chin
for an instant rested on. the breast and
the ' silence remained' unbroken for a
couple of minutes, as', though the new
President of the United States was offer-
Ing silent_prayer.^ Judge Hazel broke it,
saying: u ' r'"-'-'*'" > ¦'¦: ?'¦' ~"; " '
"Mr. President," please attach your sig
nature." . - .'
Then the -President; turning to a small
table near by. wrote "Theodore Roose
velt" at the bottom of the document in a
firm hand. ' - '
"I should like to see the members of the
Cabinet a. few moments after the others
retire," said the President, and this was
the signal for the score of people who had
been favored by witnessing the ceremony
t6 leave. As they turned to go the Presi
dent said: "I will shake hands with you
people gladly." and with something of his
old smile returning he first shook hands
with the members of the Cabinet present
and finally with a few guests and news
paper men.
Cabinet Members Remain.
Immediately following the dispersing of
the epectators after the taking of the
oath the President asked the Cabinet
members present to confer with him. The
conference lasted nearly two hours, and
when It was finished the President said
to the' Associated Press reporter:
Following, on the brief statement I v made
when taking the oath that I would follow the
administrative lines laid down by President
McKlnley, I requested the members of the
Cabinet, who were present to remain in their
positions, at least for the 'present. They ; have
assured, me that they will and I may say that
I have assurance also from the absent mem
bers. - .
Inquiry was made of the President as to
whether an extra session of Congress
would be called by him, and he said that
there was no fundamental law requiring
the calling of Congress together on the
succession of the Vice President to the
Presidency and that after consultation
with the Cabinet they had decided that no
such extra session would be called. The
President, after, the meeting of the Cabi
net, saw a few personal friends and then,
putting on his hat, said to Secretary
Root:
"Let us take a little walk; It will do us
both good."
Secretary Root assented and they
walked on the porch. His host, Ansley
Wilcox, said: ...
"Mr. President, shall I go along with
you?"
The President said: "No, I am going to
take a short walk up the street with Sec
retary Root and will return again."
Befuses to Be Guarded.
When he got down to the front walk a
couple of police and a couple of detectives
in citizens' clothes started to follow him.
He. turned and told the Secretary to tell
them that he did not desire any protec
tion.
, "I. do not want to establish the prece
dent of going about guarded," he said.
The policemen and detectives^ touched
.their hats, but before he had gone a hun
dred yards two ot them were_walklng ju^t
behind him and two of them were follow
ing him on the other side of the street.
The two distinguished men attracted
little attention until they got near the
police lines on Delaware avenue, when,
as the President stopped to shake hands
and say good by to Secretary Root,
some of the crowd recognized him and
he was surrounded. The police drove the
crowd back and the President walked
briskly back to the Wilcox mansion.
He announced that he would not leave
the city until Monday morning, when the
funeral train is to leave.
The President passed the evening quiet
ly at Mr.- Wllcox's home, dining quite
late. Governor B. B. Odell of New Tork
and Congressman Lucius LIttaur of New
>York called during the evening, as did
.'also Russell B. Harrison. The President,
while affable, showed some effects of -the
long. Journey and to-day's strain. How
ever, he found time, to have a chat with
Governor Odell.
1 The President was besieged with mes
sages; of congratulation to-night;- in fact,
go. many came no attempt was made to
open the large majority of them.
train will leave for Canton at 2:3ft
Wednesday afternoon. The funeral train
is expected to reach Canton at 11 o clocK
Thursday morning, where the final ser
vices will be committed to the charge of
the citizens of Canton, under the direc
tion of a committee to be selected by the
Mayor of the city.
Secretary Hay's official announcement
of the ceremonies ls the same as the
foregoing, with the additional statement:
"No ceremonies are expected in tne
cities and towns along the route of the
funeral train beyond the tolling of bells.
* Boosevelt's Proclamation.
¦President Roosevelt to-night Issued the
following proclamation:
By the President of the United States— A
Proclamation: ~
A terrible bereavement has befallen our peo
ple. Th« President of the United States has
been struck down; a crime committed not only
against the chief magistrate but against every
law-abiding and liberty loving citizen.
President McKlnley crowned a life ot largest
love for his fellow men. ot most earnest en
deavor for their welfare, by a death of Chris
tian fortitude, and both the way in which he
devoted his life and the way In which, ln the
supreme hour ot trial, he met his death, will
remain forever a precious heritage ot our
people.
It la meet that we. as a nation, express our
abiding love and reverence for his life, our
deep sorrow for his untimely death.
Now. therefore, I, Theodore Roosevelt. Presi
dent of the United States of America, do ap
point Thursday next. September 19. A. D. 1901,
the day on which the body of the dead Presi
dent will be laid ln its last earthly resting
place, as a day of mourning and prayer
throughout the United States. I earnestly rec
ommend that all the people do assemble on that
day ln their respective places of divine worship,
there to bow down In submission to the will ot
Almighty God and to pay out of full hearts
their homage of love and reverence to the great
Rnd good President, whose death has smitten
the nation with bitter grief.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal ot the United States
to be affixed.
Done at the City of Washington, th« 14th day
of September, A. D. one thousand nine hundred
and one, and of the independence ot the United
States the one hundred and twenty-sixth.
[Seal.] THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
By the President.
JOHN HAY. Secretary of State.
Beyond Surgical Skill.
The following report of the autopsy
upon the remains of President McKlnley
was Issued at 5 o'clock: '
The bullet which struck over the breastbone
did not pass through the akin and did little
harm. The other bullet passed both walls of
the stomach near Its lower border. Both holes
w«re found to be perfectly closed by the
stitches, but the tissue around each bole ha.i
become gangreneou*. After passing through
the stomach the bullet passed Into the back
walla of the abdomen, hitting and tearing the
upper end of the kidney. This portion of th«
bullet's track was also gangreneous, the gan
grene Involving the pancreas. The bullet ha*
not yet been found. There was no sign of
peritonitis or disease of other organs. Th«
heart walla were very thin. 'Che re wat no tfvl'
dence of any attempt at repair on th« part of
nature, and death resulted from the ganxren*
which affected the stomach around the bullet
wounds as well as the tissues around the fur
ther course of the bullet. Death was un
avoidable by any surgical or medical treat,
ment, and was ths direct result of th*
bullet wound.
JIARVET D. OATLORD, M.D.,
HERMAN O. MATSLMGEIl. M.D..
P. it. R1XEY. M.D.,
MATTHEW D. MANN. M.D.. \
HERMAN MTNTKR. M.D..
RO8WELL PARKB. M.D..
~ . ; EUGENE WASDIN. M.D..
CHARLES O. STOCKTON. M.D.,
• • - EDWABD J. JANEWAY. M.D.. I
W. "W. JOHNSTON. M.D..
I . , •W*. P. KENDALL.
¦ • • Surgeon U. S. Army.
CHARLES CAREY. M.D,,
EDWARD L. MUNSON,
' i Assistant Surgeon U. 9. Army.
HEMANUS U BAER. M. D.
Assassin Is Removed.
BUFFALO. Sept 16.-At 12:30 this (Sun
day) morning Superintendent of Pollco
Bull issued the followins notice to the
press :
To relieve the heavy police detail at No. 1 •
station, that their services might be used for
other Important details, it was decided on
consultation with the District Attorney to re
move the President's assassin from the head- '
quarters building, which has. been done.
Superintendent Bull left th© police
headquarters before the statement was
given out and could not be found after
ward. Nothing la known as to where the
prisoner ls now confined. There are two
places where the prisoner could bo taken,
to the jail or to the penitentiary, and It
Is likely that Czolgosz ls now In one of
these places^ '
SADNESS RESTS
UPON OAKLAND
GRIEF ACROSS
THE BOUNDARY
STATE OBSEQUIES AT THE CAPITAL
Continned From Page Thirteen.
PRESENT POLICY GOES ON
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CA.JljJu« --STTNT3A.Y} SEPTEM.JBER 15j 1901.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
PROMISES TO UPHOLD MCKINLEY
Bides Hail for His Disrespect.
;; WICHITA,; Kans.v Sept. 14.— At Atlca,
-Harper County, to-day, 200 'farmers or
ganizeda mob and rode Al Patterson,
another farmer, on a rail about town for
speaking disrespectfully of McKinley/
the evening on "The Son of Man Hath
Not 1 Where to Lay His Head." -
16
If yon haven't a rcsrolar, healthy movement of the
bowels every d*y, you're til or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in tne eh&poof vio-
lent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. The smooth-
est, oaeiect. most perfect Tray oi keeping the bowels
dear and clean is to take
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week.
>^^@§l^ TN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED
value of CORRECT DIAGNOSIS in the cure of Deafnes3, Catarrh
an d a U forms of Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases, Drs. Shores have
M-I^SP^^fM/^Mi^^^-' arranged to examine absolutely free of charge all who > apply before September
22 - rs - Shore will tell you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer,
'-V$~ : tne "CAUSE" of your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be
w§Ssit0? \ This grand special offer'Koes into effect AT ONCE and holds prood every
(^^^ J&Z& fay this week up to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK. SEPTEM-
V^^^ ' *f^&^ t^l BER 2i. to all who apply. - DIPFICTTLT A1TD OBSCURE CASES ESPEC1-
fiiW <&>*5 . r *y ALLY INVITED. Apply any day this week.
% Uli TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL
Mi' ¦'•*&']<.. AT DRS. SHORES' EXPENSE
l "" ' J ' This free expert examination ls slven by Drs. Shores for the special benefit of those who
VV/p^gSSis. • y . - are In DOUBT, as to what their ailment really Is." It will also allow tha public to test.
' '¦ ~^~ -f FREE, Dr. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs.
vj^v^^^^g?^™^, * . . Shores court the fullest lnvestlKatlon. This expert examination 1* absolutely free to all
• i^^^^^'S^fe^ e a^lAF u^^^KEFo*Pfflffi D TO TAKE
JHJSSqDDEK'/c'^Vv^ C^W AS^^BB^b^J Drs. Shores know there are thousands of sick people with Catarrh or some OBSCURE
W?SiwP6a'c^>^----~_r^r--^^l^i^Rs^ > NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC OR PRIVATE DISEASE who blindly doctor
1 7 f^^Y^ri!'\>X " year, after year with this doctor and that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PAT-
\WV W.-'Ta^A-iir * ri ENT MEDICINES," who have no correct or definite Idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT
-/r^ \ w ,' rYswVi<^ * ' REALLY IS or the CAUSE of their sickness. It ls to this class of sufferers that Drs.
'7*i /.if-* Shores' free expert examination will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT.
' MRS LENA KTtrrtwrfCV" If you are a "Doubting Thomas'* as to Drs. Shores* skill: If you are deaf; If you havs
¦wmu. WarrUnn *tZ7t t£»»^m.«. r*\ Catarrh; If you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are ln DOUBT as to the CAUSM
1409% Harrison street, San Francisco. Cal. of your ' a ii mentt Drs . shore8 especially Invite you to come. This free expert examination
£\ C4TH 7VI H ' I" made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DR3. SHORES ARE "IN FACT"
i^ c= * * JT*VT»/-», WHAT THEY ARE IN NAME, SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING SPECIALISTS IN THH *
MRS. NIERENCE says:- I have been a TREATMENT * OF DEAFNESS, CATARRH AND ALL FORMS OF NERVOUS AND '
great sufferer from asthma and catarrh. My complicated chronic or private diseases. DRS. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS
asthma, since February, has been so bad it In- from HOMH PEOPLE EACH WEEK POINT THE WAY.-. If you apply this week Drs.
terfered with my. sleep. I would have to SIT shores will tell you free what your ailment Is and if you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY.
UP IN- BED TO BREATHE and I feared I COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK.
would SMOTHER. I would also COUGH ALL - After you have had your case diagnosed. FREE, if you want to be CURED. Drs. Shores'
NIGHT. I have tried eight different doctors prices and terms are within easy reach of all. <5 a month for all catarrhal chronic diseases;
for my trouble, but got no relief. I became medicines free. .^rtjSSSSBfcJN.
very weak and run down because of loss of nDACMCCC Jff2fe^r%!&s}x§^?*,,
rest. This was my condition when I came to UCrtrlNCWi /<«»i32fc3S«2e§^S3§5» « '
prs. Shores & .Shores THREE WEEKS AGO. Read the test , mony ot Ramuel B . Reed, the -. /P^^H^
I can E ay Drs. Shores treatment HELPED we ,,. known bookkeeper. Mr. Reed says: LlSK&RBnf^^
ME from the start. In EIGHT DA"iS under j UAYK EEEX TOTALLY DEAF in my PffltiftW^ *\
their treatment I COILD SLEEP GOOD at , ft f t and one . half yearg and m * [MtiW \
?'g? l rrP/ll NIGHTLONG Mr coueh does hearing ln the other ear was also affected. I \imM?\ \
1 ? P -me anymore w CATAHRII H HAVE ALWAYS HAD CATARRH in my head; §WXett\ \
"?* bothe^ me any more mj CATARRH IS no^ wouW anc , J wou , d HAWK d imfi&fM) \
M IJ\^ Jrnnrnr arf better In every wfy SPIT a S rPat deaK specially in the morning \5BWv" sm*^ mA
M ?A?^^'™^T&^&t ™- ™ »J e r J d UST n OXE n Mo4T I H e i^ DrS f H tifift
d ?«™Sl ¦ > MRS Z, NIERENCE FROM THE START; MY HEARING BEGAN [WW ¦****•**
( lSSS Harrison st San Francisco Cal. ' TO IMPROVE FROM THE FIRST. I CAN Wi i.\
1109% Harrison, St., san i<rancisco. v.ai. nqw hear My WATCH TICK FR0M TnK \¥-S % I
«* i" t— n *ri.»« DEAF EAR. AND AM GETTING BETTEK \V^ A. \ J
Home 1 peatrnent wures. ALL the time. \>v , / *sw^^ /
»•„ one deprived of the benefits of Drs. I TAKE PLEASURE IN RECOMMENDING \A ' urffllTlrSSXl
=!ho?es° treatment because of living at a dls- DRS SHORES' TREATMENT TO ALL SUF- ' V* AWli$Xm$<,
fnnce from the office The same wonderful and FERERS FROM CATARRH AXD DEAF- M fJ/^^^
un^fornTsucceas Is found in their Home Treat- NESS. FOR THEIR TREATMENT HAS ' . TV ~^^^^W
nfent™ Mail. By the use of a symptom blank DONE WONDERS FOR ME. . V V /
thev are able to diagnose diseases correctly and Any one doubting this testimonial Is at per- A >t.> /
Prescribe for them, and by their system of re- feet liberty to^call, on me and I will gladly M \
norts they keep a close watch on each case, verify the truthfulness of the same. .'¦¦M X ~^^an\
Write for symptom blank and haveryour (Signed) SAMUEL R. REED. >^ "'^^^/V
trouble properly diagnosed, free. „ . .: -. 2928 Otis Street. .Berkeley. Cal. jrifffllutt ' A
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists. d£ jk
Crisa^ history building, 723 market st. i^teisi -^K^9^-0^
Located in »- .•-:-- • . -. f-ranc l8 .o, Cal. -^S? SAMUEL U. REED
Of Hce Hours— Week Days, 9 a: m. to 4 p. m." E venlngs, 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon* "- 2328 Otis Street. Berkeley Cat
Advertisements.
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
Pleaawit, Palatable, Potent. TMte Good, Do Good,
Sever Elct*n, Weaken, or Gripe, 10, », and 60 cenU
per bos. Write for free sample, and booklet on
LeaitU- Address' «33
BZXBUSa BZSEDT COETUTT. CHICXGO er SXW TO EC
m— Unquestionably the ' ¦ ' , - Another rnoney-sav- — *
S-S&Site&S: COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. feflSTiiSf and 3
»"" We made a bl«r pur- i ¦ pretty French Flan- -^#
cha.6e lately of La- ¦ | : : '¦ I nels for which. there J^
•*"* £ 1 , es> Hl^ h Grade Our constant aim is top store betterment, and ls 6UCh tremendous — •
£ r«nch?Lb' h a %S this object finds its greatest expression in the superior ££«& na^Sd 3
•— perfect cuing gloves: quality of our merchandise. The policy of this store rests not pure wool; m shades — «¦
SZ S-^ThTSa £m t° mu^ u P° n how cheaply We car. given article, tut g «^- *£*• Rofe! ' 3
g-' be continued to-mcr- now good we can make that article for the lowest price Nile, Tan, Gieen, --¦
row. Great value at consistent with a high standard merchandise that will warrant you Turquoise ana Navy.
SZ - GQG. in always regarding this store as an ideal shopping place Monday <i uam y- r^t
2: M IB Pair where only dependable goods are sold at absolutely the ftftfi -3
| n,,A4™L. [.owest prices. || |J^|. |
| flore Records Breaking Days This Week 1
| Women's Tailor Suits for Early Fall. ¦ A Sale of Black Taffeta Waists. 1
Sm^ ' All that ls new, stylish and practical df^ 03 0% 17— We pride ourselves — -¦ — «j*
-raff— i sSiSS^^ssr^sjSiS \n /T in H doin^ unQ T t!on ; ¦&&¦ 1
5^= ir?^ are cur first aim. and then, as In ewn-- KJB B H W £_*% ?,r j 1^ ffe ? t £?*V=3) 3
y~ )tgL^ I thing we sell, to give you value ln your HKbIb m Waist and fettl- £ "=3/ :3S
y /'K* S y\ purchase. A special feature to-morrow T9T COat business of any waaea "Zm
JJH n sj^ y \ will be 6u!ts at ?17.50. They are equal H store in this city. Wla -^S
J5= AkIjiAA ln * very res P ect t0 th8 b «t custom Good Value $6.00 Increasing success .aH!* tSL
g— V»*Cn tailored garment*. Mad© of finest lm- . . snurs us . on to JfiffixMA =5 »
S= li ©C\\ I ported Broadcloth, Cheviot and Venetian, _ x , s P« r3 us . °? to . i%?MWA . -^
£= i\W ln New Blue ' Re*. Brown and Black, greater efforts, therefore again this tre- fflf/fffJixM
»- ! 1 \y- Jackets cut ln th» newest dip-shaped mendous bargain. 200 NEW AND i[j([{i((iJwJ5\ rS
= I In patterns: beautifully tallor-stltched, with FASHIONABLE Black Waists UVnNSn^UH HZ
SH i I A\ Peau <le Sole faclnc. lined with heavy STRAIGHT FROM NEW YORK. _ N^ffl^/)1
S: I'll Taffeta. The Fklrts are made ln the new xj . c -, denendable Black Taffeta XVO^/aV^V
SH ! \\\K seven-gore flaring ehape; all seams nice- iuaae OI a aepenaaDic XJiacK laneia, Vfc>%Wl/ \^
¦ i l\Y \ ly stitch**!: »ned _*- __ -^ tucked and hemstitched, with the latest " Y""2
JiL l/v^^^n^arBi^k. 'Tu < TJ W '^fl Bishop sleeve; warranted to fit per- »Vy
*" Jw/Vv XV^izes; renmrkabip tjj fj fl mtjKJ fectly; in sizes 34 to 44- Would be -g
/'' W 9 value*. On eaie T"^ % _ jfreat value at $6. • Here to-morrow, and if O>M ir ¦-
SI Jo^rVowVt 1 .^ BACH if they last. Tuesday also, at .Each 3>^.^3
•*- Oil 1/ nnrPP OI/lflTO e be * ln to-morrow a very C|0 fin C|||/ ppffipnofc With the above marvelous offer we ;^
21 OILIV UIILOO O l\l II I Oi F ' klrts _ an occasion when y6u TO-McrrOW $8.50 Each Taffeta Silk Petticoats that for qual- ZSm
•— C...I.1 nff^rti*. T« llorrnvu may choose from all the new lu •««¦•»»«• WUitlu L.uv>iii Ity Bty , e and the extraordinarily low "TS
•T" 5PBCI3I UtTEring lO-MOllOWi J901 fall styles at absolutely price have never been equaled. Made of the beat lustrous Taf- "Tg
m— r the lowest prices. The mate- feta with a 14-lnch graduated flounce and extra Bilk under -^
rial* finlBh and workmanship are of. the highest orde'r: ln every flounce, trimmed with ruche on top and bottom; cut ln the lat- -^
¦t: way very exceptional. On sale from JS1O.5O.... <C^PS.OU eat dip front: high-class eklrts; in all the new color* and -*¦
tm— to ' * Bach <I>T"tF Block; well worth $12. On Bale to-morrow at gQ.6l) —^
JJ^ Each ffffJ - " ;^J'
i A Great Offering of New Fall Black and Colored Silks and Dress Goods i
SI You are Invited to view the grandest and most complete showing of handsome Fall RllUs and Dress Goods, both black and col-
g- orrd ever seen In this city. If« a collection of the beet fabrics from the world's most famous manufacturers ln Europe and Amer- =^
fc 1Ca "' The'^liowTn^ '££.' Z^V^^^tor to-morrow, which will insure a big .elllng-becau.e the' value, are extraordinary. ' 3
«L_ _._._• j-» «, ¦—-,•.• r"»r-»s Uttcri I A 8PECIAL Dlank Qrnarinlnth A grand leader for to-morrow only. All •Jt
NEW SATIN PRUNELLA, "i™ Si 80 ?. B [°W, CI !I I L, pa w< *" Satln.flnlnh Broadcloth, H Inches "J
•fc- !^T< <lT a^.i <«m «,«»*h b i for «. stvlish VALUE QRp Y^rrf Wfllih $ 5(1 wide, of a fast black London dye. This "Z£
fc r^dt^woVin^^^^ department. Monday a fl CO cloth for Tard USC
E A Sale of Henriettas **^!^^^?^ 50-Inch Black Chertot 3
Monday 44c Yard. 8.8c Yard. Worth $1.25. 3
E 44c W^^^W^B i^HSSII 88c i
U TWO GREAT BARGAINS IN BLACK SILKS MONDAY. BEAUTIFUL NOVELTY SILKS ON DISPLAY
r*~ nj i «l ni««l# T«««*« Vote vhe width, 24 Cl Rfl Poail do A ™ a P nlflcent Bllk The flrst shipment— an unequaled array of -3
s= 24-Inch Back Taffeta taches' • ? &*?} 5 J . oy reau ne u ooie for dreM purpo^s. a exclusive r »k beaut y - B tyic S that nn b«
TZ CQ« V*rA Reimlir and lustrous eilk MpndaV S 9 Yard. grand W-^ ot the Popular this fall. A grand variety of Black -^
£= 09C YSTQ. v5n.85e Sv far the be* t Tar- MUIIUfl I *•'" ' fllUl b 1 a ckest brilliancy, and White, graduated and Pekin stripes, =3
f= sSS^SsSsis g°9c y S^esr^th?^^^ sssssv.^ g
E A SALE OF POINT VENiSE IMMENSE EMBROIDERY OFFER- GREAT SALE OF 3
E INSERTIONS, 20c YARD. ING MONDAY I7C YARD. TURKISH I MTIAL TOWELS =3
£ Regu'ar Value 35c and 25c. Cood Values 25^ anj SOc.^ AND BEDSPREADS
y~ On tceciaJ sale to-morrow, eome of the Embroidery purchase KintiniV'' • • : —^S.
«t= newest Ideas in Laces. Secured 40 pieces ST~L from a large im- [Y|UI\II/\T. •• ¦ • =55
TT at a special price. All dainty and pretty t s Vi5<£ ! V fcff ld porter— one of the , \ . -«**
5r patterns, ln Cream and Ecru: ex- Qftrr ' S^»'^&c&j^^- basest lots we evcr A rare Tow^I and Bedspread- pur-
—-- ccptionally ffood value at Tard <^\m »_SS?^*^^«a secured. Embroider- c t,- se brings -these remartah1#» --•
»^- ies that ought to cnasL urines inese remaruaDie — «o
S^ ' retail at 25c and 3Oc values.
§A LINING SALE MONDAY,!- jg|Jlg!£j^ffl
«r- Vic YARD sSii^lh lhedeslens are beau- with a dainty Initial; towels that are =3»
y* f \J*K* tt\i\*r» . p55i'i > g^TTr \\r c & tlful and very ar- well worth 2oC each. Monday 1 £52f» -^
Regular Value ZOC. .^;^>pl^X 'VA variety of pretty . \^
Kf^ UI!y W Marseilles Quilts a d r s e fl n Q e^/»^
fe $1.95 Each. |f?SrS^|^
j^_ ° .Tard l^fiw * , i Tard II v signs. For Monday Each *P» -^: .City Engineer Grunsky arid J. H. Stut,
who are preparing plans and estimates
for the conversion of the Geary street
road into an' electric system to be oper
ated by the city, made a tour of inspec
tion yesterday over the route and its' pro
posed extension. The inspection was di
rected, mainly to deciding on a proper
street for the extension of the road to
the ocean beach. The engineers appeared
favorably Inclined to C street, as It offers
the least obstruction to a Burvey for the
line. A franchise haa already been grant
ed to the Market Street Railway Com
pany on D street, and this will necessitate
the use of some street north of D.
Flan Extension to Ocean Beach.
Companv to be 21.674 miles and $7,662 90;
Central Pacific Railroad Company, 2 H6-10O
miles, at $17,403 53 per mile; Southern Pa
cific Company. 7.36 miles, at $10,76S tl per
mile; Pullman Palace Car Company, 8
miles at $1029 per mile.
Ordinances 'will be presented to the
Board of Supervisors to-morrow declaring
the length of the main track in this city
and the assessed value per mile of the
San Francisco, ana' San Mateo Railway
Assessment of Railway.
Magulre and Secretary Park of the Board
of Public Works to his office yesterday
for an explanation as to why the streets
were not being swept properly.' \ Tho
Mayor stated that he had received numer
ous complaints from visitors and citizens
generally that the streets were in an un
clean condition. Maguire said that owing
to the strike the board was obliged to hire
teams to haul the refuse away.- It "was
almost impossible to secure a sufficient
number of teams. Only twelve have been
pressed into service and thirty-five are
necessary. The Mayor was satisfied with
the explanation, but suggested that extra
ordinary efforts ¦ be made to insure the
proper cleaning of the streets.
Strike Stops Street-Sweeping.
Mayor Phelan summoned Commissioner
The cases of Thomas Rafferty and Alex
ander McLaughlln, strikers, charged with
battery on complaint of Aaron Greenbergr,
and Michael Walsh and Chris Murphy,
strikers, charged with false Imprisonment
by Phil Bhaf ter, were called in Judge 11
Conlan's court yesterday morning. The,
defendants Induced Greenberg and Shaft
er and two other sailors on the • steam
schooner North Fork to. leave the vessel
on the morning of August 24. They were
taken to the teamsters headquarters and
locked up In a room. Greenberg escaped
but was chased and assaulted by Rafferty
and McLaughlin. Attorney Archie Camp
bell, who represents the strikers, Insisted
that the cases be dismissed, as there wore
no complaints on file and the complaining
witnesses had left this port, and the
Judge so -ordered. . *%,•
. When Judge Cabaniss opened court yes
terday morning Attorney Joseph. Coffey.
asked that Alvin Smith, a stationary en
gineer, who Is out' on $1000 bonds on the
charge of assault to murder for striking
Fred Muffelman, engineer for Healy, Tib
bitts & Co., on the head with a piece of
lead pipe a. week ago yesterday, be or
dered into custody, as the bonds, which
had been accepted by Assistant Warrant
Clerk Greeley, were, he alleged, worth
less. He said that in the case of George
Monahan, 1746 Sanchez; street, one of the
bondsmen, his property, was homesteaded
and . therefore worthless aa security, and
in the case of the other bondsman, Wil
liam . Forster, 100 Mateo street, the 5 prop
erty was mortgaged for the amount on
Longer in Port.
Sailors Who Were Attacked Are No
STRIKE CASES DISMISSED.
On Wednesday tho child died, and since
then Guilford has tried all means in hi«
power to obtain work, but in vain. Had
it not been; for the neighbors the family
would* have ¦ been ' reduced to starvation
last night, the only money in their pos
session , having been • given them, by a
neighbor. . . . .--.-•
"Give me a chance to go to work," said
Guilford yesterday; "that is all I ask; but
the intimidations and annoyances to
which I. and, my familv have been sub
jected since ;I took that 'scab' Job hav©
been enough almost to break the spirit of
any man. I and my family must live, and
I am willing to work at anything. All I
want is the chance." —
Guilford claims that the strikers learned
that he was indebted to his landlady, Mrs.
Maria Kendall, for .a couple of weeks'
rent. Mrs. Kendall; Guilford says, went
to his house last Saturday afternoon, and
while the baby, five months old, was lying
in bed suffering from a fever threw their
belongings into the street. Mrs. , Kendall
also caused Guilford's arrest on charges
of threats against, life. . The case will
come up, for hearing before Judge Ca
baniss on Tuesday.
Guilford is a . sole leather cutter, . but
has been unable to obtain steady employ
ment at his trade. When the teamsters
went on strike Guilford went to work for
Drayman Leitch and earned $24. His foot
steps were dogged until finally he feared
to leave the. house.'-".'.,.. .• . . '. ' .
As a result of the teamsters' strike Q.
A. Guilford and his family, consisting of
his wife and two children, are Hvmg in
the direst poverty at B24 Stevenson' street.
to Work.
Strikers Will Not *Allow the Father
While the sentiment among the team
sters ia growing that a settlement of the
strike should speedily be accomplished, It
Is hardly likely that any decided break
will be made to-morrow as was expected.
This is due to two facts. First, that the
teamsters who desire to go back to work
lack suitable leadership, and second, that
individual teamsters fear violence at the
hands of the strikers should they return
to work except in considerable force.
Thus far nearly 100 have signified their
willingness to desert the union cause, and
when a score or two more, they say, have
been secured the break will posltvely be
wade. . i~ •
Manager George Renner of the Dray
men's Association said yesterday that the
eituation remained unchanged. He said:
"I do not look for a vital change until
the end of next week. The teamsters,
who have been out of employment two
months to-day, are becoming very restive
and many would return to work Monday
were it not for the fear "of being maimed
or killed. The teamsters who are desir
ous of working need a leader. If they
were properly represented the strike
would eoon be broken. The men are
afraid to desert the union's cause singly,
as that would make them marked men,
and therefore subject to attack at any
time. I have reason to know that there
is srreat suffering " among the strikers'
'.There were few developments of interest
in the teamsters' strike yesterday. Sev
eral caucuses of dissatisfied teamsters
were held during the day, and the best
methods of bringing the strike to an end
were discussed. The pickets were out in
force, and their presence had the effect
of preventing arrangements for the con
templated break on Monday being con
cluded.
Break.
Strike Leaders Say There "Will Be No
FAMILY FACES STARVATION.
which It was assessed. The Judge de
clined to discuss the matter owing to the
President's 'death, and asked Coffey to
bring the matter up again to-morrow.
Smith was in court. George Otteson, the
boy who was with. Muff elman at the time
of the assault, swore to two complaints
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday, morning
for tho arrest of two other men con
cerned in the outrage. He does not know
their names but says he' can identify
them. . .
TEAMSTERS STILL WAVERING.
will insure British subjects immunity
from attack in this port.
Considerable Interest Is being taken In
this appeal to the Consul, and the skip
pers of British ships in the port all com
mend Capttin Pritchard's action. Realiz
ing the comparative inability of the mu
nicipal authorities to provide adequate
r>i flection they all look to their Consul to
r.ce to it that protection is forthcoming 1
from some Quarter.
The strike leaders assert that there la
no basis for the rumors of ,a proposed
break in the ranks. Michael Casey says
there will be no break, and that none of
the teamsters will return until the trouble
is settled on a basis of recognition of the
unions. '. .
families, and that It needs very little more
to cause a decided break."
Inquiry among the leading draymen yes
terday, developed the Information that the
situation was more hopeful than for sev
eral weeks past. • The Impression prevails
th-dt notwithstanding the assertions of the
strike leaders as to the faithfulness of
the men, the crisis Is fast approaching,
and that the end of the struggle is now
in steht. .
The crew of the Haddon Hall is an ex
exceptional one in that not a sailor has
deserted the Bhlp ein.ee she reached port,
ami that most of them have been witn
Captain Pritchard for a number of years.
The boatswain has served on the ship
over eighteen years, the second mate and
steward over eight years, and the carpen
ter and three of the seamen over five
years.
Under these circumstances Captain
Pritchard takes a peculiar interest in his
official family and is greatly worried at
the possible prospect of ill happening to
sjjy of them.
That the crew Is deserving of the pride
the skipper takes in them is evidenced by
the fact that in spite of strikers' attacks i
and threats the cargo is being discharged |
just as rapidly as it could be with regular
stevedore assistance. From eighty to
ninety ton? is being taken out every day.
and this is about the limit of cargo that
could be worked over the vessel's present
berth In that period under any circum
stances.
The officers of the City Front Federa
tion seem to realize that in interfering
with British sailor? the strikers have I
made a serious mistake. They now offer
Captain Pritchard what is virtually a
passport to secure his men immunity
from attack.
"Whenever you want to send a man
up town." they inform him, "send us
word and we will send down a guard who
will see that he makes the trip without
being beaten or robbed."
Captain Pritchard and the Haddon Hall
have been picked out for special attention
at the hands of the union on account of
the skipper's activity in getting rid of his
cargo in spite of the strike.
The captain of the British ship Glenes
slin is a brother of Captain Pritchard.
Both vessels arrived about the same time
and both captains found themselves In the
tame flx on account of the strike. Both
— vessels are owned by the same firm, and
¦when it came to discharging the Glen
esslin the brothers Joined forces and got
through with the work just as though
no strike existed.
Consul Demands Protection.
That the working of the Haddon Hall
has gone along so smoothly is due to the
fact that Howard-street wharf, where she
1% discharging, is strongly policed. It is
not a closed dock, however, and the union
pickets on duty at respectful distance
from the police sentries have ample op
portunity of observing the sailors who are
discharging the cargo.
Lindsay, the man attacked on Friday.
!s conspicuous on account of his color and
his build. He was recognized by his as
tailants as one of the Haddon Hall crew.
He was told when struck that the attack
wat the consequence of his connection
with that vessel and of his working cargo.
British Vice Consul Moore will take •
prompt steps on behalf of his country
men. Immediately after receiving Cap
tain Prltchard'a report ha addressed a
communication to Chief of Police Sulll- ,
van, acquainting him with the facts and
demanding proper protection on the
streets and wharves of the port for citi
zens of Great Britain.
If the municipal authorities are unable
to furnish this protection Consul Moore
will through his Government request the
Federal authorities to take such steps as
A-n Exceptional Cre-w.
"Our flag entitles us to protection In an
American port, and I have requested the
British Consul to see that neither officers
nor men belonging to the Haddon Hall
are interfered with either while perform
ing their duty or while on the streets of
the city."
"1 am not looking for trouble." said
Captain Pritchard yesterday. "I have
nothing whatever to do with this strike.
I was not here when It started. I have
no power to stop it. In discharging my
ship I am only doing my duty to my own
ers: in working the cargo my men are
obeying my orders and carrying out the
conditions of the articles of their ser
vice.
Since the attack of Friday afternoon on
Able Seaman Charles Lindsay, officials
of the Sailors' Union have visited Captain
Pritchard and offered to provide him with
union gnards for such of his men as
found occasion to travel the streets o£ the
cltv. This official confirmation of the
danger of attack helped to make Captain
Pritchard realize the seriousness of the
situation and prompted him to lay the
matter officially before his country's rep
resentative.
Csptala Pritchard of the ship Haddon
Hall yesterday made an official appeal
to British Vice Consul Wellesley Moore
for protection for his crew from violence
upon the streets of San Francisco. He
in'ormed the representative of the Brit
ish Government that some of his sailors,
all of whom axe British subjects, had
been "violently assaulted while peacefully
walking the streets of this port; that he
himself, his officers and others of the
crew had been -warned of slmllaj- Inten
tions toward themselves; that the assault
complained of had taken place in spita of
the protection provided by the municipal
authorities, and that he iras compelled
in view of the personal responsibility he
felt for the welfare and 6afety of his
crew to demand the protection to which
the British flag- entitled every member of
the Haddon Hall's crei» in an American
port
ence of Lawlessness by Offer
to Furnish Pickets as •
Sailors' Union Officials Admit Pres-
Moore Will Notify His
Government.
Unless Chief of Police Acts
Master of Haddon Hall
Appeals to British
Vie© Consul.
PROTECTION
IS DEMANDED
FOR SAILORS
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, *Soi«
17
THE GREAT VEGETABLE VITALIZER
>iSS MAKE$ MEN MANLY.
This . great Vegetable Vitalizer, the prescription of a famous | French physician,
will quickly cure you of all nervous or diseases of the generative organs, such as
LOST MANHOOD, INSOMNIA, PAINS nv the BACK, SEMINAL EMIS-
SIONS, NERVOUS DEBILITY, PIMPLES, UNFITNESS to MARRY,
EXHAUSTING DRAINS, VAIIICOCELE ! and CONSTIPATION. It stops all
| losses by day or night. Prevents quickness of discharge, which If not. checked leads
to Spermatorrhoea and all tha horrors of Impotency. CUPIDENES cleanses tba
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all Impurities.
CTJPIDENE ' strengthens and restores small, weak organs. .
'.' The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent an)
. troubled with ' Prostatltis; CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without
an operation. '; 5000 testimonials.' A written guarantee . given and money * returned It
.six boxes does not effect a permanent cure.. $1.00 a box. six for $3.00,. by mail. Send
.for free circular and ' testimonials. . - ¦¦¦¦.¦-. ¦ , • - ¦. .-
DAVOL JOlDT'^INE»CO..-<0 E11U «t.Ban Francisco, Cal.
. - ;,' For sale by; GRANT DRUG CO., 88 Third street.
Dfi. HALL'S REIN VIGOR AT0fiST5Kl
Five hundred reward for any kjri3»5»fc3
case we cannot cure. This secret bISh B&R
remedy stops losses In 24 hours. ¦ -, 5}
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- EW2 !23K!
coceK Strictures. Gleet. Drains, Wfl S*f3
Lost Manhood and ell other wast- UhLJ |i*yi
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- " | S5?3
es. Sent sealed. {2 bottle; 3 bottles. t*£2aa&£3
55; guaranteed to cure any. case. -Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. £S Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sala at 1073 4
Market et., 8. P. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend tor £r«* book. ; ¦
ySENTFREiTOMEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. t
A Free Trial Package Sen* by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark- ¦
able remedy are being mailed to all who 1
vrtii write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-'
tied for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who - write. It is a
l-orae treatment, and a.l men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
lAr from youthful folly, premature loss of
strer.Eta and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy haa a peculiarly- grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
,0 the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
f>-om years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and bas been an absolute success in
ail cases. A request to the State Medi-
cil Institute. £2S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. ctaUng that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly The Institute Is de-
K'rous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed at'd the free samples will enable them
to 'tee how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
.^.cak a free sample, carefully sealed in a
Xjtain package, eo that its recipient need
' have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are .requested to write
without delay. ; -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ Pattern Veils. Extraordinary Cut in *gf*jBf|BC HPHUWfc^MI^B U I Wk M I Genuin e Imported $7. 5O Skirts $4.35 ;|
* A Specia! Sals. SJg*Gs^ Gnndf** II ¦ H- IvS H^^WT ¦ ¦ Bfi Porio Rico Cigars Newest of the New. :«
£ We've bought an importer's surplus stock, of B^ g ( G~99 VVCF«#M39» Bm Ml fi Rf P"** «sfc«twfl Hi l^sfB 7 ff%B* &£%**' We have a great assortment of new Cloaks, * x
*• , High - Class ¦ Pattern To-morrow we offer this astonishing fig W*^'^ «»Iu4i JQ W R # ¦#€#» mm*3%2m Suits and Waists. «*
% fi^telg^r-j. Veil., Eome of the inducement to visit the Dress Goods W fiofcl4&n'flfeul<£ A2CE2LA.I** A facial sa! c of Cigars without precedent in Th: swho'e paper jSg^fV S
I iSilfeSf: S-TSi£s£i CAL.FORN.A-S LAROE^MER.CaT^ANDE^ STORE jfcM TO \ |
S ?.P=FT3^-"'r th ' rtte "J"l' cs " 2500 yards of 28-inch AlI-WooI . .... lb w £ hjj no of ™=-h,lf. t. J MLJ ) 5
v US9f9~ :^Wr/ ", pt .',' :t * > "^ ,7° Sm P=d Albatross— th» new daimy Commenting on our ful-page advertisements last Tues- . P =nt on tu,4 '«=> *»* ««"• >. «••• «" i» •"» f* profiniic /JlJ&Z* 9
I %g# Si;. ' fibric <h« , hCT = 1. SU ch a OTK for . fl M remarked that it Was.. too much-matter to *£><£ *- •« worth at least ££££; fflMf $
I £&$> l^r^T^orS -wide through to find «he things that.she wanted, SSSS J^Ss: 0 '- WoM %>Lj£z' ®8f / J
i *W Ay $&?' vd., wkh , ilk arc four different stripes and twelve We ponder if others are reading, them all when they - — — — — . Biack Cheviot flTf \ *
g ,„/. ¦ . chc , nnc ? ot v nd new exquisite shades of colorings ; need Only -¦ '¦. . v Curtains— Draperies. .T'immed / \ 5
b border, in some becoming styles and mtshss; . *. . 11 j-j -'• • , . ' ' - . V." , . . . ¦ ,. flounced /I > \ m
*t the kind thmt we sell rrgulariy for -_ the regular pncc, and a splendid, . jm J^jf> JLK || , An mcomparaWe fall stock m thit depart- Skirts and / \ \ I >
fc» accand 35c— Monday B JC good va'uc at that price, is COC prr Kti&S&Ga flfftG HGZ&UMtnisSm «n"t Largtr and better than we have ever Skirts of the / \i, \- ««
V *ioodo«n extra fine quality Brussels Net Pat- y«d. The Big Store's x^^ft "" iiM "'*?. - • '2^SSB££r*"5?T?? 'hown before. To introduce the new patterns new f aUan . // \ \ -{
{I ES^l^^^ sale price M O nd! y onl y . 33O NO NGGGSSttV tO RGBil // Jk S
f ity - Monday - 33g NewGiovas ABB of Our "Ads." - • ¦¦"«C^ I tLS^MSJ jfti^ AM^V |
S *% . . F**~ KT^IM **~**S. m mt.^ **m* . WMM %J*ar M*%MS*m ; either ecru or white, made to s=ll at I1.75 mixed b!nf and // jf 5
i Crockery-Lamps, ror tan uoswmes. The b3ack headlines in our announcements are written ? CT ?™-m™&*y om y gf 07 b ro w» ; .made LLj^-* —^ 5
S FIvb Special Offerings. 'rJl^ to <^ve your time. . We don't expect you to read Wic^^M^^M ' M 5
J Hand-pair ttd Opal Flaques — Our entire and Suede Kidikin Glorcs. Th?y all fully at>Ollt the boys' SUltS'lf VOU baVC nO boy tO Clothe, Or tionary pb and adjustable pin, each ing, fine Jin-nj and making; will be legu- .f
V stock of dainty hand-painted Opal P.aques, cariy out the motto of our glove department, o hrt.U arnrpripc if ,, m , ,;, ont Hro-c rrnndc Rnt if fftr ' : - $2.60 and $2.50 l«ly hereafter our 17.50 «kirt, Monday and $
g that range -n price from 50c to fa.oo each, "the perfection of fit and finish," and every aDOUt grOCerieS It yOU Want dre>S gOOdS. KUt IT, 10T Ne w Table Cove»-En-irelr nord effect, !n Tuesday only ........ &JW A g- %
* wi 1 b= en special sae Monday ciry at OttO- P« will be fitted and guarantee, example, yOLl need a Veil Or a lamp, lOOK TOr the head" Upestries, etc., a yards sqaar-, each....:.. • *&**•« S9%9 ¦ „*
$ p^l?lT! e " ' R 7a n unerT de IV : lines about veils and lamps, and read every line of the .-.•• $U7S, $2>so, $3.so . • — : *
1 i t! 1,!? ¦ n> V^lSSot1S.73^tSt:io de^crip'ions under those T particular heading-.^ Such J 1^^^^^-^^ Wamsutta Muslin 9 O $
i R?chW de^te7 /T^\ P W*&$&. *** ini intelligent stvdy. ol the Emporium Advertise^nts will p%^ 5ft Wf.75 S 3
K Kicniy aCCOratCd, , A, ft.(* jj\ ] at . st stitching and ntv'n rh^ ,,,„ hmt 1 11 ; . » Silt *O OK t n HI /)/) nrh genuine AA Bleached Wamjntra Muslin, in «
$ tinted pLk andflow-^^^ ™m yov well for the time invested. : y^fi#j2£§$ffi£& ?S^r?5^#* v^ 3
K , ers, 60 candle-power, \ K J Our $1.00 Gloves — The Empress, no bet er —^ ~ '. \ ¦ '¦ ' ~ Oriental Furniture Coverings — 50 inches '%
* £SS* , te "! p Sr ¦ y£"^:.^s"r^" M g ;/w*»«»^i'»»*»».*iM<w^wViiii>w.i>!iwt/3 i^^i't^^»lts - » p £ r45es - X
•! j . P ' P j^^^ shades and last black. ....$1.OO / , . . . f So-inch Satin Damask, per yard $t.59 POCKGtbOOfcSm H
?» ished brass trim- «s#£2ihwj* m;..».* ~^a d_...< i/-j #-i t ¦ 1 j tM j^^~^- ~" -V^^~^^v m *w
it . 1 ,. , x!_ 'y misses and Boys Kid GloviS— In oxoloods, v « ~ th. u <¦ »
If mmgs, a »pkncfad ygSSS, trowns and t.-ns, perfect fittinj and war- 1 \ . £f • « « VZ^Z-—^ S^^v 1 Uatm, U*4i» n * **&$^ j^ XSandPock 5
% Va'u-at g 7 . JO , on fe&A ranted , h5 be, quality, p,r pair $i .OQ | fcffl *» | \^P^^S^%T^i I ..t. 0 ™ ig^V SoolcW«, S-
tf special sale Monday „- ~ ~ § X JLJL^ AjHI m^ff^.(mJj^^ 1 \ I" Useful and Gheap. /Bfei^ "^ that the bi 5 '?
&' tea, coffer, butier and pre- ture J .^ is part of our art to look for theie *J Y^^^^WX^^^^SXJf^) " ch • • 250 -'J'^' ' A 5
h §£iil Ewres nice and fr«h, regu'arly C ood P olat S ™t to shew th.m in ths photographs « €Sk T^ ¦ Ladies' Jet Bsadrf Be'ts (new), each.. .SO© >- ° 9S« / ' \ > Jt
t %£ i 5 c, Monday „. _ wc make - Consequently your picture taken «m -TtX^-Wf Ladies' Steel B-aded Bells(nsw).each.«5f.OO J ° r " " ' ** *" / \ ¦ *
K &kMli .7.7.. I SO hcre rc P r - sent you at your best. ¦ VB \^^^^S^^^ Sl^^^^/j A Ladies' Ea re Be'ts, la'est style, each^/. 5£> New Wrist Ba^s— • A c j
K Olivs or Preserve Dishes— And thin we have cut the prices for the very 9 \j^Sg^j7%^ "^ V i 1 • Cube Pins, 100 count, black and colors, each All styles of J \- jj ¦
2. D-ccratel china, can a!so he used ior Bon- highest class of work that can b= produced to » \>^^^^^^^ ftP^i y^&kH V '\ -••••• '• • 5c leather; well ., Y w*< V \g
V bons cr Pin Trays, a 1 oc article, on — about half what you have been accustomed to g — M W^B=£^f * • sfg>>' _ jSl L'Aiglon Waist Lengthens, each ISO *?* d -> leather-- V Jf
£ Monday &C paying. . . | 1*1011^^^^' PtlCSQ&y Df ' D ' &Dd M " h $ ShWdS ' Pait * ' ' 75G ((lll^ .;:>.IMi) I?
S "g'areY AmScTn F o itrvf i^n^A^^^StloO £ 1O S^Dtember 17 Fancy Needle B^okf, all sizes, each.. ...25c Small dze Chatelaine Bags, suede leather, .^
** is rV, inch-j acros th- ' W{\WL Manf#ll rt <!t, a d ¦ h u k '7 3 IV iw2J£ta» Jl f**^****- r^* *« "oam'on" Corset Strengthcners, each.. .Wo V t frame and , heavy belt hook -^
z/2 incn.j acros in /j^~\L^}\ Mantcllo 5iZl -4x6 inches, on heavy beve:ed- Jf . 1 fr^^* M ¦ New Dres Bu't-ns small s : zes ier doitni/if 35 f* *
2 top, com.s in a so.ted edge gray mounts, dozen..... $t*59 9T \ 'I — ' * *^*^*> s "f
I %:^ZJ:tlt VZl Sj^^m Cabinct Size ~ A!lfizemountg ' doz $2S * V Wednesciay ' We Sell Groceries ana Liquors I
» large assortment, t^g% <g^^^^g , IH . . n , . ,. ,f
j Monday any. . 39o Toilet Articles. ', 5ej|temb«» 18 At Prices Like These. : ;
»* mm m mm - - r A Special Ssiiem ' ¦ I' J Ml mattc T ow ' ow c prices-may be, the food products and liquors said «5
tf nOUSenOSa Linens* California Cream of Ltmon— Na- ' . . ySv^^^y^ -I 1U the Bi§ St ° rC 8fe the bcSt ' known brands onI y— thc best qualities that are 3t
St. B(2St Of Values* P^Sl tur e's toilet soap and facial cream) 1% IT -mr ¥v ¦ \zgtfl rf^kl^ &£* f^^^- —4 J * produced. If you cannot come in person telephone Private Exchange 60 1 and %
V' Mcrcsrlzsd Damask— A b-aati "ul tatin-fin- a much-in-demand skin b^auti- Ml,X.K\ljn\l%}T$s^n / IlHf>O^teCl ask for the Grocery Department.. Your order will be forwarded to you on the •*
b cLiTnlrnfrl 3 . 111 " 11 / inCh " M ' S6 be° offered"' Monday I Patt^m HatS fffild Mllli^r^r- ' ' *?S "**" "'^ delivCr X if BCcdcd *
fc » in choice patt-rns, pe. jard QQq . MX the verj' special price ' f w«^^^ I Alll^ms^jr Beit Dry Granulated Sugar— The kind that I Ovine— A tnbsftnte for eggs that is having a %
*» «*»^*» ' oiit t mc j i §^fG a , —ssss^^" it is sa e to put up fruit w^tb; on Monday, large sa!e, now being given a practical free J»
». Bleached Damask— Fine Irish Tnen, 66 inches soa^ High- Grade Toilet'Soap— We j-c^^ Aft A n «• tviirornn , 21 lbs. $1,00 demonstration in th# Grocery Department ; 9
g wide, very h-avy qua ity, large at- — - have closed out a large lot 0. the 1 ALL AK£ INVITED \ Yelocros Coffee-That very popular combina- quarter-lb tins, 20c,- ha'f-ib tins. .40© ?
ft scrtmert or sty.es, p;r yard M «*** I . : ; | tion ot Java and Mocha, that is regularly 30c Best Standard Tomatoes— Monday, 3 tins. .. 3«
J» Pattern Tab!c Cloths — A large lot of Pattern J '^m . ' , -: % ' W r>^ lb;Mcn J ay 2fJC 24O
$ «^^» IS^^^^C^^^^'WMI^II^WWaiMlliaW^^t^J. I-:bp.KkageS, bun Cr ground. Port^e^Oar regular 75c |
j^ about actual cost. Tncy ar, ia three sires, boxe ; ( . = — — — Best J.IIy^-An unsurjassed quaUty of Currant Sh ™ Wlne-Our" re'wlaV * 7 7c* table "analS* '5
£ V:«ttr""-%%'%°Z"t c fr 8 "^ Blanket Values. Linen Lawns, j* 7 ,l t-v*,! **? *%* Monday Sh Z£T?«&o^.T *t%6 $
I .llf ft i::::.g:S £2 ?J::*™1 veryunusuai. a New Arrival, only, ztin,... ........ 250 #- w !" H * rper , 8 ni,y sk 5 o °l *
V : Cre^m and the popuar Savon D,s Vio'ettes A special purchase of fine white Califcrni. A direct importatioi of Sheer Linen Lawns for lo^rXh^on Mondav ?Tfl ff* S* Borl " oa » "S» } " 1 7 **-«o b°«Ie, «
IJ m**Bi &~*B** Toilet -Soaps. Both : are fine' quaity, hard Blankets, full dze, . weight 5 to $% Us.; handkerchie's and fancy work, the best va!- J* *""» , 4 °^ &) A M ™?J>~ f ZO Monday 75o *
?. /4 BJOBB X&SiBQa mil!ed and delicately scenteJ. On special neat borders; a we 1 made, ps>ct K worth ues we have yet been ab!e to secure, aU 36 Van Camp J Soupi--Assortedj inst.-adotioc . Ue b|j's Malt Extraet-N'one better at any 3f
V dfll ff^» mW'mmm* «-» >»<» salc t0-ia y onI y» box of thrce «>w J?5-o° per pair; have been _ -^ _ inches v»i:e, are marked, per yard. per tin, price ¦ Monday, 3 tins .... pricej regaary Ja.a 5 per doten, Mon-
J» §J.5d Ktntt &Z.H&. cakes f^C markei ...... $3.95 50©^o $2>OO Setdld Raisins-i-lb packages .../OO day ,.. .....:.$1.75 jf
fc* .4Rk. 0U can S et l hfm Monday ¦' — — ¦ — '¦ — — 1 — ¦ ¦ : — — « "<f
g 4&b tS^S^ti Our Clothing Buyer Has Made Another Lucky Deal I ' Or^mSeMi Oases |
i ,W\ And Monday We Begin a Most Interesting Sale. ™"L *Sl^*. $
•? lZiJlfKl\X$J - moments fcr Christmw. — ... .•,,,. , . • . - ... , . ... 1 j • 1 x r* 11 _ j • n ir-n Leather - Dress "5
«f fH/jf\i\\ Tn5s Do1 cannot la:i to Everything included in this very large purchase is of the correct weight, color and style for Fall and /p^Ss^s^Sfcrs suit case, either S
1^ wfiVw ri^bchcs^on^ha, 1^ Winter wear and is strictly up to date in every particular. The goods have been rushed forward to us by fast ,L y B* # B ] &**«* or *
5 JJi I |\\ bU^hTa C d,"how n in g pe^riy freight by our buyer, who i> still in New York, and we shall begin their sale to-morrow. To the overcoat specia 1 , /I ,\ I JiUted °25 : 5
5.- Hlj\y as veT his instructions f rom Ne w Jork, we have added all broken lines of Men's 915. OO Overcoats for jMf J *™ %
$ \T 1 $r' :e", r 'and is y areaVproS"fi $3*85* This is a rare opportunity to get right at the beginning of the season, new Winter Clothing at such '^* — = — corner^ 10 °illi '*
*I U v with * prett . y chemisc » deeply cut prices .- * * lined » with shirt fold — 5
I reuiarv Sh X and Bir kngS5 V ° rth /T. M^s $t2.B0, ¦ $IB.OO and /* JB Men's $15 OO Ki«g Georg9 S in 51 2 J- a lf'52 $
¦ i* SxrXUeofMondaV Z $2.48 ' r/^K " ?^.5J AffifS and **! f^ Over©Oa«S cut wuh ' * n. $5.OO \ ** *>..$6.OO *
» bcr. s price on iwonoay *"" T " • V^^L> doube breasted Sack Coats, in many styles, YJJT • \+) silk ve.vet colar, slashed . pockef, cuffs on A^l OanVaS'COVOrCd TfUnks— ««
' . j \^fl inc"u ling the smart broad-shoulitred mi itary . JA. sleev «, in fine materia's in the new OxforJ i ¦? r Wiih ExceYor lock, full covered top tray, with <5
*^ /S Sale Of NOVCltV A-^Sl 'sack, in almost every fabric that k U in demand / S r^ /V ' /l \ shad:s; a'sa all broken lints of the advanced JfeA. hat box, extra dress tray, heavy corner bump- jf
[ X ¦ m m ¦ ¦ ' by . i mart dressers. The greenhh shades in / f \ ' I j \ shipment of Fa'l Overcoats received some /'c^S'X ers and double leather straps — ' jf
tf BreSS TrintntinffS. /\ /\ cheviots, dark' Kue ca8simcres with light hair- / , \\ . / /( \ weeks ago; shrrt overcoats, box overcoats ani / lf° f\ 28 in.. .£6,577 34 in... $8m75
S' You a-e eoine to get these beaurful new / \ ' [\ lins ttr P : i 8o:n c fin: ajl-wool goods with Jarge M f, /J l^l A long-cut overcoats; values up to $1 7.50— all / \ \ 3 6 in ... $9.25 jf
tf Trimmings en- Monday at about half what they ' overplad, and a charming line of fancy light \ J/{ C / ,,, ft marked at the un'form price &£ \* °* 4) 3^ ™..$8.OU 1$ \ X
i| |^i§Si^ MfflBiS^^ittiiffiii V y.\-.^1»^"«^S:«" < tM/ HemMtotidOiathw.- I
1 If every ch» of Trimmings now in demand, N~-Tr\ ([) m^ed forthis sik at the &Q &fS \ V " cho : ce of 12 styles of 3 -piece ci.her in t"S -^K A Soscial Safe. ¦ S
-i!C-' such as Motives, Yoke?, Reveres, Clhrs. . '— '-"V | uniform price, each.. .... «pr«UFo «JP*«* \. . , knee or long pints, patterns are the most stj-Ush A H\) About aoo fine Damask Tablecloths, pure •*
» Jf Boleros, Applique, Bands, both colored and //\ Moit's Pants — Th: J 5.00 kind for ..... \ ' soits, suitab e for boys 10 to 19 years, regu'arly -^VU flax, hemstitched by hand, long lengths (80 to 5
j^ b'ack; Spangle*, Card and Chiffons. We shall J I \ | ••• $2 68 \ liTH 1S^ 17-5° a mit— Monday and OR I f 84 inches), wil be placed on special sale, Mon- i'jf
I If s:ll them at one-third off the importer's price, """7 j . ,U Boys 9 '' $3,OO Suits $f t 98— 1/ V II'I^'j^"*" during the w;ek &*r.SJ%9 . / f day only, at -a third or mare less than rial £
• j£ which will make them about one-halt I A • B " Djuble-breastedtwo-pi.ce su'ts, mide of all- £2/* « llf^^*" Boys* $7>5O VOStOG Suits n. & values. They are beautiful goods, that will 'J
: jf regular rOtail prtOOSm B:st M If wool materias— chicks, plaids and mixturei — a. O*^" $4*13— AU-wodI f^biics in fancy mix- j*?a—o \3& give good service. Jj
[ Jf come eary Monday morning and get a first in new and pleasing style-, dzss for boys 9 to 15 years, usua'ly sold # »%*%' - lur « an<1 blue, with pretty si'k *T Cloths worth Monday St.BS M
¦ * choice of thtss Brautful Trimmings. at $ 3 00— special Monday and the week $1 .99 * vests — fpeclal sale price this week $4ff0 , - Cloths worth S3. 50, Monday $2*28 {E
THE * EMPORIUM.
THE ; EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOIHTrHL
THE EMPOBIUM.
A Book
of Travel
written on the pages of
your life by the loving
hand of memory— the trip
from San Francisco to Chi-
cago on the |
California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco 9
a. m. Monday and Thurs-
day, arrives In* Chicago
2:15 p. no. Thursday . and
Sunday. The service is
unexcelled. It's on the
Santa Fe' B*3T QUISARD.
WORLD WILL LOSE
A MASTER DRAMATIST
WHEN IBSEN DIES.
JOHN D/ SPRECKELS, Proprietor. • - / y fi O Address to w) S. LEAKE, .Manager
SUNDAY i . . . . ........... . : . . . . ....... . : \ .::'. ...... . . .V. . . -SEPTEMBER 15, 1901
Publication Office .'..'......:.....;. <^^^^^^> Market and Third, S. F.
- ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ ¦•¦¦*¦¦- - -¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ' -- " ¦ ¦ -' ¦-¦--¦ ::-: •.-<.- :.
THE SAX FRAiSTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
$t>UXG ARTIST WHO OPENED
THE CONCERT SEASON WITH A
PLEASING SONG RECITAL.
Since , the first of this year Robseyelt/has received two .thousand invitations to deliver public \
addresses. • If he thinks' twice before speaking .once he mustbe v working; overtime on thought. -
The Examiner occupied. its editorial and pictorial wit for several weeks,, recently, in illus
trating an expedition to find Mr; Roosevelt. It is. not out of place to inquire, if- it has found him.
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
' It Is said that certain people cannot sing this
song, but anybody can go away back East and
alt down in the comfortable trains of the Nickel
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Plate ,
Dining Cars in which are served American Clutr;
Meals at •from 33c to $1.00 each. Call or write
for free book, showinsr views of Buffalo Pin-
American Exposition.' Jay W. Adams, P." C
P. A.. 37 Crocker Bids;., 'San Francisco CsS.
. , A New York "Chinaman has added a new and most unusual^feature to /the residence of his
countrymen in the United States. He. has turned highwayman and is ready to accept the 'customary
result. . • ¦¦ -._ * .V ¦ •¦ ¦ -vr-';> ¦ '.¦ . ' '
I The Prussian city of Cassel will be a ,
thousand years/ old In 1913. while the
French city of Marseilles was founded
more than 2500 years ago, and Rome la
2654 years old.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-:
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • "
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
- ; Guam cuts -but a small figure in the vast territories of the United States, but it is said to
have broken the record in tl\e. rapidity with which its office-holders have been changed, so it de
serves more notice than it is getting. J : ¦; '<"''?.'.
Kaiser William has sent the Sultan of Turkey a fine collection of lions and tigers for his
zoological .garden, arid now if the controversy with France should result in a circus the- Sultan
The reform elements jn New York seem to be agreed upon everything except a candidate
for Mayor, and "that is justwhere Tammany will beat them, for while -Tammany fights on every
thing else it always stands pat on the candidates. . - /¦ '[
The hot spell in the East has long been over, but stories 'concerning its effects are com
ing hotter. than, ever— -the latest* is to the effect that; the heat killed fish enough in the" shallow
streams and lakes to 'stock all the rivers in the country.
J. C. Hall, a merchant of Redlands, is
at the Grand. ; V
John Foshay, a business man of Albany,
Or., is at the Grand. -. ¦
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa, Is a*
guest at the Palace. \
H. K. Piggott, a mining man of Placer
ville, Is at the Grand. ¦ . .
W. F. Chandler, an oil man of Selma,. is
registered at the Lick. ';.-
Dr. H. N. Winton of Hay wards is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Rev. P. Farrell of Salinas is among the
late arrivals at the Lick. ¦ - ¦
F. B. Glenn, the Jacinto rancher and
capitalist, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. George Ivancovich-. of Petaluma Is
at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.., -
Hervey Llndley, a politician of Kla
math'on, arrived at the Grand yesterday..
John Anderson, a "prominent' merchant
of Stockton, is registered at the Grand. ,
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Booth, wealthy so
ciety .people . of Philadelphia," are at " the
Palace.. .„¦.... .... \ .1
D. H. Steimetz,. a wealthy; lumber man
of this city, has returned from a trip' to
Sonora and is at the Palace. ' ¦' ¦ "
James H. Gant,- connected with the De
partment of Agriculture, is registered at
the Occidental from Washington, D. C
W. J. Martin, business manager of The
Call, has \ come over . from . Sausalito i and'
Is .registered at the Occidental with his
Wife."- . • - ;.» .¦'...- ..I'.V;
/.Charles K. u McClatchy and" Valentine
McClatchy, proprietors -of -the .-Sacra
mento Bee, are in this city arranging
plans for the construction of a new home
for the- Bee in Sacramento on 'Seventh
.street. \ -,r, ¦*#> • v - ¦¦¦,::¦ .WfSy***
PERSONAL MENTION.
ONE of the features of the situation following the»assassination of President McKinley
that merits more than a passing attention on the part of the public is the success with
which the banks of New York stopped a tendency toward a panic in Wall/ street and
thus prevented a disturbance of the business of the country that might have proven
very serious.
The act of assassination was committed too late«in the afternoon for the news, to affect
Wall street on that day, but next morning the feeling was decidedly panicky. The banks, how
ever, prepared to meet the emergency and to furnish money needed to sustain the market. As
soon as the news of the shooting was received the Clearing-House Committee was called together
and arrangements made for protecting all the associated banks in whatever should happen next
day. The manager of the Clearing- House is reported, to have said: "While- we deeply •"grieve
over whatyhas befallen President McKinley, our duty is to look ahead, and. if we do not stand
together {o preserve the stability of affairs it -would only aggravate the calamity/'
The decision on the part of the bankers was made known to the public and accordingly
the day following the shooting* was marked by nothing that showed _ any lack of 'confidence in
the continued stability of the prosperity of the business world. Last ..Friday morning, however,
when the people awoke to read that the President had a relapse during the night and was surely
dying, there was a feverish time in Wall street. The bankers had not expected it and were taken
unawares. Many of the leading bank officials were out of town. Within the first hour of the ses
sion of, the : Stock Exchange nearly 600,000 shares of stock were traded in, and at one time it is
said'mdney rose as high as 9 per cent, 'Then came the announcement that the agreement made
on the day following the assassination still held and the banks would 1 stand together, and at once
the feeling of confidence wa? restored. The. banks had saved Wall street and prevented a panic.
In these days, when attacks upon banks and bankers are so frequent, it, is just as well for
the public to take note of this, action and give honor where, it is due. '
A PANIC CHECKED.
QUO VADIS 1 ' at the Grand Op
era-house this lasc week has
brought to light two useful
players In the. new stock com
pany—Miss Laura Nelson Hall
and Herschel Ma'yall, leading -lady and
leading man. Miss Hall has ' been
playing Lydgia to . . • Mr. Haworth's
Vinicius and has won pleasing rec
ognition ' for herself in the role, 'xne
new leading lady is quite young, even
better looking than the accompanying
picture, and is simple, graceful, sympa
thetic and sincere in her methods. Her
Lydgia was marked by a refreshing spon
taneity and refinement, and it is to be
hoped th'at the illness that has prevented
her from playing the part for the last
few days may be of short duration. Miss
Florence Stone .is kindly taking Miss
Hall's place during her illness.
The new leading man, Mr. May all, j is
also well equipped physically for his -posi
tion, having a voice, that thrills and a
handsome presence of. the classic type. If
he would but rid himself of a few Mad-
Dowelltries that he has acquired, or was
born with— and that are probably cheerful
beliars of his real personality— a certain
little air of self-satisfaction, for example,
one could begin to look for the work that
counts from Mr. Mayall. Meantime he is
a useful and intelligent actor and, with
Miss Hall, stands out in high relief from
the rest of the company as they have so
far dawned upon us. This we ek we look
forward to Mr. Haworth's "Richelieu,"
and pray for further developments in his
support.
• • *
Ibsen is dying! So says Eugene Lime
dorfer in a profoundly Interesting little
article on the Norwegian urarnatist that
appears In the current number of the
Theater. Before the end of the year, for
it is a lingering death that fate holds for
the great little old man, Ibsen 'will have
gone the way of all things mortal and
the stage will have lost its most vital fig
ure of the day.
Mr. Limedorfer's sketch has a valuable
personal flavor ¦ and he gives many char
acteristic anecdotes of the famous dra
matist, among them the following:
"To*some it will mean much, to others
'nothing," says Mr. Limedorfer; "it all de
pends on the point of view from which
one has regarded him. As the. master
dramatist of- his time, who has conquered
In spite of the usual persecutions that
beset genius, he must be regarded as of
the great ones of the earth a^ld Is so re
garded by a large following. As a social
reformer he. has again a large contingent
of admirers, and as "a man he has the
strong friends that men of reforming gen
ius usually count against their army of
orthodox enemies." - .' : i^
"Ibsen is at times gentleness Itself. , At
such times he is meek and seemingly as
submissive as Tolstoy would want us all
to be. But a strong individuality like his,
an assertive nature ' like the one Ibsen
possesses, must needs break out. At heart
he is an aristocrat, hay, even a tyrant.
He has great contempt for the crowd,
and in spite of the fact that he has fought
for the rights of the common' people he
really does not think that they are fit for
liberty. Upon his return from his-^rip to
Russia, where : he was entertained r and
made very much of, Ibsen gave some of
his impressions of the Czar's country. He
said: 'Russia Is the greatest country on
the earth. ¦ The ' cry of "despotism" i3
raised only by a herd of stupid, ignorant
persons. As a matter of fact, Russian
literature is the result of despotism. The
great Russian writers owe their inspira
tions to despotism. "Why, rltissia is the
only country twhere people still prize lib-,
erty. None but the Russians are willing
to lay down their lives. for liberty. And
it is despotism which taught them that
lesson.'
"To say that his listeners were amazed
Is to put it mildly. After a while one
found words to sayr "Then you. believe
the Russians ought to be thankful' for
the despotism they live under. Perhaps
so. But it seems to me that one of their
institutions is a mighty, unpleasant one.
You have certainly ' heard'of the knout.
Would you' like to receive. a dose of it?'
•• «My dear; man!' answered Ibsen, If I
were | living j in ' Russia I ; should certainly
never receive the, knout. I should apply
it; I should apply it".'.' ,;;.
; Of Ibsen's - little vanities, of his kindly
encouragement to young writers, of bis
THE curtain has rung up on the con
cert season of 1901-02, its first event
being the very pleasing song recital
given on Tuesday evening last by
Miss Grace Carroll at Sherman &
Clay Hail. It was Miss Carroll's
first appearance here after her two years'
study in Eastern schools, and fully dem
onstrated her possession of one of the
best— perhaps the best— contralto voices
that is known to fame hereabouts. She
has a good compass; I noted an easy up
per A flat and low G's -without number
that .came comfortably within her range,
aq even quality throughout and a rarely,
rich, round timbre that falls most .grate
fully upon the ear. There is not a thin or
harsh thread in the whole voice, and the
equally unforced low tones and high notes
are characterized by the same eminent
sweetness and fase.
The singer has done good work during
her two years' absence, mostly under the
direction of Franz X. Arens and Bjork
sten, and will do still better in time to
come. Her attack can be Improved and
she has not always the courage of her
dramatic convictions, though I do not
doubt that the disconcerting small
ness of Tuesday evening's audience, to
gether with the nervousness Incident upon
a first appearance of any kind, had some
thing to do with the latter condition
There Is also wanting some subtler sensi
tiveness and sympathy in the voice, that
is, however, bound to make its appear
ance later, as Miss Carroll has all the
temperament necessary- Her" German is
good and she seems to favor the German*
song, but her French needs polish and her
enunciation might be clearer. But. all in
all, in Miss Carroll we have a richly en
dowed singer, who is going to count im
portantly here, if not in wider fields than
these.
The evening's programme contained
many novelties, one that I unfortunately
was compelled to miss being Franz X.
Arens' "At My Grave," of which I hear
great things. Gluck's "Dlvinites du
Styx,** also rarely heard, was on the pro
gramme. Other songs were:
"Der Tod und das Madchen" (Schubert):
"Drink to Me Only 'With Thine Eyes" (Dress
ier); "A. Xarratlve" (Albert Jilldenberg) ;
"Schwanenlied" (Hartmann); "Lovely Spring"
(Coenen); "Im Wunderbuch" (Alban Forster);
"Rothaarlg 1st Meln Schatzeleln" (Stelnbach);
"Der Aera" (Rubinstein); "O Say, Have Tou
Seen Her?" (Caracclolo); "Aubade" (Masse
net).
Mies Carroll was assisted by Richard
Jose Ferrer, violinist, who also recently
returned from Btudy In the. East and who
Is a member of the famous family of
guitarists Tiere. Mr. Ferrer's solos. In
which he was capably accompanied by
¦William B. King, were ~ the Moszkowski
"Ballade" and a mazourkaby Zarzycki.
Mr. Ferrer has a miraculous intonation,
a big tone— rough, however— fire and en
thusiasm, a technique that still leaves
much to be desired and Is something of a
rhythmical anarchist. He is ' a very in
teresting player, however. Miss Ethel
Judson Bates showed nice sympathy and
discretion in her accompaniment to Miss
Carroll.
• • •
Another Interesting concert was . that
given on Thursday evening at Sherman &
Clay Hall by Herman Genss, pianist, and
Harry Samuels, violinist, accompanied by
Miss Teresa Ehrmani A large audience
greeted the musicians and enjoyed the
following: good programme:
Sonate, cp. 47 (Kreutzer) (Beethoven), for
piano and violin; concerto, op. 64 (Mendelssohn),
for violin:- Don Juan fantasle (Liszt), for piano;'
Suite, op. 41 (Eduard Schutt), for piano and
violin. :
,„-;-¦ "* • • •
Next month one of the most unique
musical novelties now before the public
will ;be .here. The Pollard Lilliputian
Opera Company Is now on its way from
Australia to Honolulu, where it will give
its first American performance. The or
ganization numbers fifty children and has
a repertoire . of twenty, operas, including
"The Gaiety Girl," "Lady Slavey." "Pina
fore," "Mikado." . "Dorothy," "Paul
Jones," "Belle of New York," "The Cir
cus Girt" and "The Geisha." The ages
of these wonderful little people range
from 6 to 16. , and the company has been
In existence since 1S79, giving perform
ances In China, Japan, Manila, India,
South Africa, New Zealand and there
abouts. The children's work is said to be
a marvelous sort of performance from
many standpoints, miniature sopranos,
soubrettes, comedians and bo . on, j why
challenge comparison at every turn with
tneir grave and reverend seniors. For
the benefit of those who, like myself, have
wondered as to "the routine education of
the children, their chance at the three IV g
ideals and accomplishments, Mr. Llme
dorfer has a timely word to say. and his
article will give pleasure to any lover of
the great dramatist. There are also three
good pictures of Ibsen.
In the recent death of Lorlmer Stod
dard, the clever young playwright who
dramatized "Tess of the D'Urbervffles,"
Introduced to us so happily tht3 year by
Mrs. Fiske, the stage loses a most promis
ing light. He was not unknown before
Mrs. Fiske's visit, his piay, "The Ques
tion," having been played by the Fraw
leys in San Francisco In the days- of
Blanche Bates', Gladys "Wallis* and Frank
"Wprthing's connection with the company.
Mr. Stoddard was a bright and original
writer, with~a quaint and characteristic
style, and much was expected of him in
the coming years. His untimely death
(from consumption) came as a complete
surprise and is universally regretted. Ha
made a brave and beautiful end say those
who watched with'hlm in his last Illness.
Miss Virna "Woods, the California play
wright, is now in New York directing- the
rehearsals of her tragedy "Horatlus,"
that Frederick "Warde Is to produce this
season. Rehearsals are being held dally
in Mr. JWarde's studio, and the play will
receive Its first production early this
month. It will be made the feature of
Mr. "Warde's entire tour. The company Is
booked for San Francisco the week of
January 19.
• • •
However doubtful as an artistic expe
dient Mr. Neill's experiment of last week
of inviting the audience behind the scenes,
so to speak, there can be no doubt at all
as to popular interest in the innovations
At the "Wednesday and Thursday evening
performances of "A Bachelor's Romance"
and "The Jilt" all the stag© setting waa
done in full view of the audience, who
applauded the stage hands with might
and main as houses rose "wislbly before
their werry eyes" and trees grew faster
than the Indian juggler's mango shrub.
Seen In this fashion the slowest stage-set
ting Is a technical marvel, and the accus
tomed long "waits'* were all too short for
the interested audience. Every one re
mained seated throughout the entire even
ing and, felt amply repaid for his self-de
nial by his sight of the mysterious ma
chinery of the stage. It la perhaps not* a
bad thing to see the wheels go round oc-
casionally—to see the cogs and pulleys of
things as well as the finished product. It
makes for charity, for example— mayhap
a vicious quality where art is concerned,
however— but without doubt every mem
ber, of the two audiences at the California
Theater that saw the stage-setting of
those two plays will bear more patiently
any other long wait that happens along in.
their experience. They will at least have
the- inestimable privilege of explaining
how it is done to their less patient com
panions on those future occasions, most
probably to the accompaniment of an or
chestra doing its loudest to persuade that
pulleys and the coming stage paradise
have nothing at all In common. . '.•¦•'..*
But I fancy that Mr. Xeill's experiment'x
Interesting In one sense as it has proved
itself, to be, will hardly become . general.
As a destroyer of illusion It has no equal,
save except the ungodly spectacle
to which the Central Theater treated us
two weeks ago. of John the Baptist* in
the person of* Robert Downing, coming
before the curtain to advertise the virtues
of "A Voice From the "Wilderness." Ar
tistically, it is on a par with the unappe
tizing performances of those shop-window
artists who cook your dinner while you
wait, and one wonders just how the play
wrights would regard It, as a* regular hap
pening. ¦ '
LEADING LADT OF NEW STOCK
COMPANY- AT THE GRAND OP
ERA-HOUSE.
while engaged In all these fascinating ad
ventures, it is stated that a pedagogue
travels^ith the miniature Melbas and De
Reszkes and that when they are not
singing love ditties or patter songs they
are cheerfully engaged in chanting the
multiplication table with all the health
ful distaste of the average infant. The
Lilliputians will probably be here toward
the middle of next month.
The Moody-Manners Opera Company of
England, the largest company of the. kind
that has ever toured Great Britain, and
that has succeeded where Mr. Grau has
failed in this country in popularizing
opera in English, is to the fore this month
with an offer of two prizes for the genius
with operatic leanings, and opportunity
of ""having his work produced under un
commonly favorable circumstances. The
company offers two prizes of £250 ($127))
each, for the two best original operas sub
mitted in competition, one foreign, cue
English, and in addition 10 per cent of all
net profits made by. the company through
their sale or representation. The reper
toire of the company forthe-present %<*¦*¦¦
son includes the following operas:
"Siegfried," '•Tristan, and Isolda," "Flying
Dutchman," "Tannhauser," "Lohengrin,"!
"Daughter of the Regiment," "Carmen,"
"Faust," "Trovatore," "Lily of Klllarney,"
"Marltana," "Bohemian Girl," "The Star of
the North." "The Jewess," "Satanella," "Mar
tha," "Puritan's Daughter," "Masaniello,"
etc. , etc. ,.•.....
These are the kind of things the Moody-
Manners people are looking for, and the
following gentlemen will be the judges of
Its quality:
For the English opera— Sir Alexander Mac
kenzie; Professor Prout, B. A., musical di
rector, professor of music in the University of
Dublin; Joseph Bennett. For the foreign opera
— M. Colonne. director of the Colonne Concerts,
Paris; Signor Mancinelli, conductor Royal
Opera, Covent Garden ; Herr Lohse, conductor
Royal Opera. Covent Garden.
Following are a few rules of the com
petition, a complete set of which may be
obtained from C. Manners,, 44 Berwick
street, Oxford street, London, W. C: •
Composers to send in their work under a
nom de plume and not later than May 1, 1903.
The nom de plume of the successful British
competitor will be advertised in the front page
of the Daily. Telegraph on June 1, 1903, and the
nom de plume of the successful foreign com
petitor will be advertised in the' same paper,
but on July 1. 1903: The winners then to com
municate their real names and addresses to C.
Manners.
Competitors sending In work 'otherwise than
under a nom de plume will be disqualified.
The libretto of the foreign 'opera can be writ
ten in any language the composer wishes. It
will afterward be translated Into English for
the first representation, which will take place
in the autumn of 1903 In England, j and the
prize will be publicly presented on the first
night of the production.
The libretto of the opera by the British sub
ject must, of course, be written In English and
will be 'produced about the same time and the
prize publicly presented on the . first night of
the production.- * ¦ .
The nom de plume (and afterward the real
same if desired) of the second - and third best
competitors^ of each opera will be published
with the winner, -but there will be no prize.
- For the foreign. opera both librettist and com
poser must be foreigners.. For the British prize
both i must be ' British subjects.
, The selection of. the prize work. will be wholly
and solely. In the hands of the Judges before
mentioned and their decision will be final.
Each opera - must not - be In less than two
acts: .The opera must play for an- evening's
entertainment, viz.. - three and .a half - to four
hours, • this -to ] Include - Intervals between the
acts. - : • . ' , '.-•; v ,
GIVIL institutions 'are; not tested by the smooth and easy procession of events. ¦? The ship
of state is not tried in fair weather, but in foul. ' • - " '
Tne murder ,of the President by an erte'my of social order and of all • government
has stirred^ to its depths the feeling of the people. Naturally this appeal to profound
sentiments which are ordinarily in repose will cause strange apprehensions and the proposition
of novel remedies. ¦¦"'•"' . - ' \ .-.•'.
Our institutions are founded upon'the equal right of every citizen to the protection of the
law., In accordance with this idea President and people have always freely met, and mingled.
The officials placed in power by the people have recognized their subjection to fair criticism for
public acts and policies, and when that criticism is an appeal to reason and not to passion it is a
means of the political health of the republic. When it transcends that* limit it has been left to the
punishment of public opinion, which, as a rule, has been discriminatingly administered.
The incidents attending and preceding the murder of the President are unusual in' their
nature, and without precedent in our history. A persistent appeal has been made to the passions
of a certain order in the* community against the President. We are simply discussing the phil
osophy of events when 'we say that this appeal was either without purpose at all, and an idle in
dulgence ofra vagabond whim, or it had a deep, sinister and intended purpose.
v The only newspapers that have persisted in it happened to be so located 'as to infect and
poison minds clear across the country. The New York Journal-, Chicago American and San
Francisco Examiner are located like three camps, in touch clear across the continent. Their cir
xulations could easily merge. What could have been the motive of their owner in ceaselessly rep
resenting the President as a contemptible person, finding his highest pleasure in the oppression
and death of the common people? What could have been his. motive in printing in all of his
papers, two months ago, an editorial commending assassination as a means of beneficially chang
ing the world's history? What could He have wanted by saying in that« editorial, "Read this and
think it over"?. Was it the, act of an idiot, who sticks his hand in the fire unaware that it • will
burn, or fills his mouth with ashes not knowing that it will choke? Or, was it the act of a deeply
malignant man, willing to have the men' in" whom his contemptuous characterizations of the
President had roused a spirit of revenge, "think it over," and nerve themselves to change the
world's history by assassination? ' >
We say that these incidents to the crime are extraordinary. They increase the strain put
upon our institutions by the -murder of" the President. In the presence of the whole wretched
event what should be done? •'• . •
The change from the dead President to his constitutional successor should be quietly ac
complished. There should be' no extra session of Congress unless demanded by matters not re
lated to this great crime. The world's eye is upon us. Let us teach the nations that here the
law rules, and under its sway our institutions go on in spite of such appalling crimes. Let us
show the world the fact that assassination of a President cannot for one moment impede the
orderly working of this Government. This we regard as absolutely essential to our future safety
and position, and to the permanence of prosperity and order. Not only this, but such orderly
and usual action is inherent in our, institutions. It is what they are for.
Looking to the future, to the different safeguarding propositions that will be made, great
care must be taken. We doubt whether anything should go into the law of the land especially
relating to the person of the President. It would be ineffective anyway In proof of this we have
the example of other governments, where the sternest measures repressive -of anarchy have
proved as powerless to restrain the assassin as are the equal laws of the United-States and
France. Let the equal law stand. : , : • ;
It is probable, too. that laws to curb lampoons in the press will only make matters wp'rse.'
If a rich newspaper owner choose to promote murder, is he not better restrained. by a wholesome*
public opinion which will' outlaw him from the presence of decent men, and put his paper under
the ban as vulgar and incendiary? When such public opinion holds those who support him' as
responsible- for the harm he does, his baboon spirit will be harmless. If there isjnot in, this coun
try a public opinion which discerns between truth and falsehool, and if such opinion cannot 'be
created, then laws are. powerless to supply its place. . ....
We believe that such public opinion is in action, that it is vital and will be effective. The
safety of the government is in the affections of the people. Appalling disaster has fallen upon us
out of a clear sky. The memory of the dead President is best honored by adhering strictly to
the spirit of the institutions which inspired him, and for which he met death like a hero.
A TIME OF TESTING.
3Y BLANCHE P ARTINOTON.
CONCERT EVENTS
FOR PRESENT SEASON
FULL OF PROMISE.
18Last Thursday night Harmony Chapter
had a short business meeting, at which
there were present a number of officers
of other chapters and past grand officers.
Under good pf the order Worthy Matron
Maude Terwilliger of Golden Gate Chap
ter spoke on th3 subject of the assassina
tion of President McKinley. and in most
eloquent and touching language spoke of
the people all over the world appealing
in- prayer to the All-wise Ruler. to spare
the life of one who never harmed a fel
lowman.i Her address. -was a masterpiece
of eloquence and it astonished all who
never before had given her credit for pow
er to express her thoughts in such'sym
pathetic: and beautiful language. An im
promptu social and* games followed. ... .
¦ ¦John ->and Mrs. >Lizzie. Tonnlngsen. pa
tron and matron of California Chapter,
On the night of the 20th inst. Golden
Gate Chapter will have its children's par
ty in Golden Gate Hall, and It Is expected
that it will be the grandest event of this
character that has ever been given by
this chapter. Mrs. Ada Roxy Duncan is
the chairman of the comrnlttee»of ar
rangements. ¦¦¦¦¦'. ..¦'...¦ . ' ' v .. ¦ '
: Mission Chapter had eight candidates to
initiate at its last held session. The event
was followed by a social hour and a col
lation. - -
Beulah' Chapter at its meeting on last
Monday night elected a number of
strangers, who : will ' be ' Initiated on the
night of South San Francisco's greatest
initiation. ,» •
The Eastern Star.
The large picture that was published in
The Call during the recent session of the
Great Council of California, showing the
great chiefs in Indian costume, is being
enlarged for framing and placing in the
office of the great. chief of records.
On the 7th Inst. Great Sachem Boyes
and Great Chief of Recorda Bliss were
present in the '.vigwam of Navajo Tribe at
Santa Clara, when the third degree was
conferred on eligibles by the degree team
of Pocahontas Tribe. The following day
the great chiefs and Emilio Lastreto,
great sannap; Past Sachems Jacob Sam
uels and William Connolly: Thomas
Roche, great junior sagamore: District
Deputy G. L. Maguire and about seventy
tive visitors from various tribes assisted
at the dedication of a new hall for the
tribe named.
Benicia's tribe is preparing to adopt a
large class of palefaces.
In about two weeks the team of Poca
hontas Tribe will adopt a number of pale,
faces for Palo Alto Tribe. A team of this
tribe is arranging a ball game with a
Great Sachem Boyes, in company with
Great Chief of Records Bliss, will visit the
tribe at Richmond on the 17th inst., Car
qulnez Tribe on the 20th. Comanche Tribe
on the 24th and the tribe, at Uklah on the
2Sth.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
have returned from their visit to the con
clave city.
team of Navajo Tribe of Santa Clara. The*
Navajos last week got away with a team
of Awashtee Tribe, that was under th«
impression that It could play ball.
Great Pocahontas Mlna Rew and other
great chiefs of the Degree of Pocahonta*
will organize a new tribe at Baden. Tho
degree will be conferred by a team of Ra
mona Council.
Yosemite Tribe will give another of Its
select entertainments to its friends on the
night of the 24th inst. "The Only Fran
ces" will appear again by request and an
unusually good programme will be pre
sented. The affair is invitational ami
cards of admission will be issued by G. H.
Stein, A. Pfaefflin and "NV. Goldman.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Supreme Representative Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock left this city last Thursday for
Detroit, Mich., to attend the session of
the Supreme Lodge, to be held on the 17th
inst.
Arrangements are being made to pay
the $2 per capita for all members brought
into the order between March 1 and April
17. •¦ ¦
The grand orotector has under contem
plation the making of a number of -visits
to the local lodges during the winter
months. It is said that he will secure
new speakers to address the meetings on
the occasions of these visits. If he does
it will probably attract many absentees
to the lodge meetings.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give 'a
graphophone recital on the night of the
23d inst. and a dance in aid of the Or
phans' Home.
The board of .trustees paid a visit to the
home of the orphans at Gilroy last week
and concluded arrangements for the
purchase of six acres of land,
more or less, adjoining the pres
ent site on the west for the purpose
of making necessary improvements. Work
will soon be commenced at the home on
the hospital. It will be with all
the modern improvements requisite to the
proper treatment of the little ones who
may require medical care.
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2. Captain Allie
Parker commanding, has arranged for an
entertainment and dance in Assembly Hall
on the nisht of the 5th of October.
Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart. the genial dep
uty of the San Francisco lodges, will on
the afternoon of the ISth inst. entertain
the members of the decree team at her
summer, residence in Sausalito.
Last Wednesday night Oriental Rebekah
Lodge, after a short, pleasant business
meeting, had a dancing contest, for which
there were two prizes, one a handsome
porcelain puff box embellished with
painted flowers and the second a porce
lain match safe, also "hand painted."
There were many good dancers who con
tested and it took the judges some time
to determine that the first prize should
go to Mn and Mrs. Wilford C. Dupca and
the second to Frank Dupea and Miss Mat
tie Webb, all members of the lodge.' After
the dancing the members wore treated to
a World's Fair- cake, donated by. Mrs.
Charles Derby, and to iced lemonade.
Next Wednesday this lodge will hold a
meeting in the interest of the
Home at Gilroy, On that occasion Past
Grand G.'G. Burnett will deliver a lecture
on scenes in Oberammerpau during the
rendition of. the Passion Play." This will
be illustrated with views presented by
Mrs. Burnett. The pictures are new and
were taken by ,Mr. and Mrs. Burnett
while in the place named last April, an-.l
will no doubt prove a' most interesting
feature. .
The open meeting of Templar Rebekah
Lodge on the evening of the 7th inst. was
one of those delightful functions that has
made the hall of this lodge an enjoyable
place for friends of the members to spend
an evening. Under the direction of Noble
Grand Mrs. Geneva H. Ashworth there
was presented for the entertainment of
the many who crowded the Memorial Hall
of the Odd Fellows' building a programme
which included en instrumental duet by
Mr. Jones and VIra Fields: vocal solo.
Canton Selig; recitation. Grace Gray; vo
cal solo. M. .Olson; recitation and lecture
on phrenology. Mr. Keane, and a laugha
ble sketch. Then followed a number of
dances. This lodge will have work in the
initiatory degree at its next meeting and
on the 21st will have a minstrel show In
aid of the Orphans' Home.
Mission Rebekah Lodge also had an
optn meeting in Excelsior Hall on the
night of the 7th inst. There was a very
good attendance of members and friends
as there always Is at the todge, and these
were entertained by "just a few remarks"
by T. C. Nixon, chairman of the evening;
a piano duet. Mrs. Pracy and Warren;
soprano solo. Miss Stanley: recitation
Lizzie. Bahr; specialty, Fred Rau; mono
logue. M. Pollock, and coon song and
dance, little Mabel Pfeiffer. The com
mittee consisted of the chairman of the
evening and Vice Grand Mrs. Jackson and
Mrs. Bahrs.
The Rabekahs:
Louis Hammersmith, a very energetic
member of Ado'.Io Lodge, has been ap
pointed press correspondent for the lodge.
Elaborate preparations have been made
for the open meeting of the lodges of dis
trict No. 65 to be held to-morrow night
in Excelsior Hall on Mission. street. La
dies have be^en Invited to attend the meet
ing. V -.;•-,
The amount requisite to obtain the
White tract in Santa Clara on which to
locate a new home for the Odd Fellows
has been obtained, and on the 1st of Oc
tober there will be a meeting in San Jose,
when, with appropriate ceremonies, the
deed to the land will be delivered to .the
grand master. The property has an area
of 113 acres.
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association will
pay another dividend on the 25th inst.
Ihe laundry attached to the Odd Fel
lows' Home in Thermalito was totally de
stroyed by nre last Thursday morning.
Yerba Buena Lodge has appointed the
following named as its entertainment
committee: Major U. S. G. Clifford, "W.
t ,, Cr^ sa - Benjamin Beatty Duncan, M.
L. McCord and Howard Thomas.
Apollo Lodge at its meeting on the 6th
inst. adopted a series of resolutions ex
pressing feelings of deepest regret - and
sorrow on account of. the assassination of
President McKinley, a past grand of the
oroer, and of sympathy for the family.
Last Friday night Apollo Lodge degree
team conferred the second degree on a
number entitled to receive the same. Past
Grand J. J. Applegate was the degree
master and in the work he may have
equal* but no superior. The impressive
ness of his work and the eloquent manner
in which he delivered the charges won the
admiration of a!! present.
In all San Francisco lodges I-found an ex
cellent feature that many Eastern lodges should
adopt. Before installation the officers must
commit their duties and also their charges of
the initiatory degree. The result is that the
books are not so much in evidence as in
lodges where this requirement does not exist.
In San Francisco I attended five subordinate
lodges and at each I met with the most kindly
reception. Many of the brothers assisted in
making my stay as pleasant as pdssihle, but
I am especially Indebted to Grand Treasurer
Harris of California for the many favors shown
me. During my stay I had the pleasure of
seeing one initiatory and two second degrees
conferred and in every case the work was
splendidly doneJ The lodges are well equipped,
and the charges committed perfectly and the
floor work done with great precision. I did
not have the opportunity, of attending, an en
campment, but did attend one meeting of
Templar Rebekah Lodge, . and. Judging from
the work of this lodge, the Rebekahs of San
Francisco are not behind . the subordinate
ledges of the city in enterprise and fidelity to
the tenets of the order.;
Frank L, Crone, who is an Indiana Odd
Fellow and who was on board of the
transport Buford during the time the ves
sel was in this port, visited a number of
the lodges of this city and in a letter to
the Talisman, published in Indianapolis,
gives his impression of San ' Francisco
pdd Fellowship in the following language:
Odd Fellowship.
Cypress Circle of Colma. is progressing.
At its last held meeting two strangers
were lnitjated. The committee on the re
cent social presented a most satisfactory
report.
The social recently given by Golden
Gate Circle of the Druidesses in Austrian
Benevolent Hall was a great success in
every reepect. • .
On the night of the 7th inst. seven can
didates were initiated in Boadicea Circle.
District Deputy Hutton acting as arcb
druid, ¦ • : *.
An initiation in the amplified form was
the feature of the last held meeting of El
Dorado Circle. The work, was witnessed
by many of the members and a goodly
number of visitors, who were loud in their
praises of the manner in which the of
ficers acquitted themselves. I
The Druidessea.
Manzanita Grove expects to make a
large showing at the monster initiation.
FRATERNAL
The following California pensions were
granted: Original-John "S. Harner. Santa
Barbara, $6; John. Goble. . San Francisco,
!f- Increase— James Riley, San Francisco
$8. WidJows-jSarah E. Kramer, . Winters '
JS; Katfe Lltzana, Chatsworth. J12. .•
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14—The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following-
Postmasters appointed: California— N B
Gillesple, Helix, San Diego County vlck
A. M. Reynolds resigned; I A. Ludy
Rainbow, San Diego County, vice E* A
GouldU resigned; D. P. Bettroff, Stows'
kerd^cefsed 0 y ' Vl ° e Freder^k Raetzl
Of Interest to the Coast.
SALINAS, Sept. 14.— John Millzner and
W. W. Ross, two commercial men of San
Francisco, were approached on Wednes
day by a well-dressed man, who. asked
them, greeting them by name, to identify
him so that he could cash a check. He
said his name was L. Abrams and that he
was traveling for the Harry Unna Com
pany.' dealers in willow-ware,\ in San
Francisco. He also asked them to indorse
the checks. Not ' knowing the stranger
they refused. Abrams then went to the
French Hotel and presented a check for
J71 to Proprietor Joseph Fredericks This
was cashed. Not long afterward he nre
sented another for $65 to J. Crocker & Co
and succeeded in getting it cashed. The
checks were drawn on the Citizens' Bank
of Paso Robles and signed "A. Cortier "
Cortier is a plumber and tinner of Paso
Cobles. When the checks were sent to
the bank they were pronounced forgeries.
Cashes Forged Checks.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. U.-This county
will keenly feel the results.of the decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of
Henry Pfirrman, the Los Angeles saloon
keeper. Under the terms of this decision
it is contended here that not only will
Sacramento County lose the revenue de
rived from the $120-per-year license paid
to it by each saloon within the limits of
Sacramento city, but also the license on
all lines of trade^ — theatricals, pawnbrok
ers, etc. This will mean a direct loss to
the county of upward of $32,000 a year.
While apparently the decision goes only
to the matter of saloon licenses it is de
clared by County Auditor Conn and other
officials here, as well as by lawyers, that
it just as certainly abolishes licenses on
all other lines in the city heretofore sub
jected to license taxation by the county
The Supervisors will be obliged to add ten
cents on the $100 to the tax levy on- Mon
day next to make up the loss. The idea
of the purchase of a new Courthouse site
has been abandoned for this year
in Favor of the Saloon
Proprietors.
Far-Reaching Effect of the Decision
SACBAMENTO COUNTY
LOSES MANY THOUSANDS
VTILIj HOLD CELEBRA.TION
IN SAB" BAFAEL COIJJEGE
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Coming
of Dominican Sisters to Tnis Coast
to Be Observed.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 14^-Extensive
preparations are being made at the Do
minican College in this city to fittingly
celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the
advent of the Dominican Sisters to this
coast. Originally they 1 were located in
Monterey and later In Benicla. Fourteen,
years ego they removed to this city.
The celebration will continue three days,
jj will commence on the 17th inst., when
At the last held meeting of Concordia
Grove of Stockton one.c^ndidiLie was in- ;
itiated. It was announced that a degree
team has been organized and instructed
and that hereafter the work will be donu
in the amplified form. Supreme Herald
Martinoni, who was . present, addressed
the grove on the welfare of the order.
Aipini Grove at its meeting on the 5th
inst. gave the three degrees to seven
strangers and at the meeting of the 12th
elected a stranger. A member of the ex
tension committee addressed the grove on
the subject of the monster initiation and
the. membership promised to make a good
showing and try to secure one of the
prizes offered for increase in membership.
Perseverance Grove, of which the noble
grand arch is a member, has made ar
rangements . to entertain the' grand offi
cers on the night of the official visit. ¦¦> This
grove will also take measures to show the
grand arch that it io in it for the monster
initiation.
The meeting that was held last Monday
night 'by' the representatives from the lo
cal groves in the interest of the monster
initiation that is to be held in the latter
part of November developed the fact that
the special committee headed by Supreme
Herald James P. Martinoni and L. A.
Wolff of the Druids' Magazine has been
visiting the local groves and instructing
the members in the, work that is contem
plated and creating enthusiasm that it is
believed will result in the initiation of 300
or 400 strangers. As has already been an
nounced, a number of speakers have been
selected to address the groves during the
month of October, so that the work which
has been inaugurated will not lag. The
reports from the different groves showed
that nearly all have pledged themselves
to have for the initiation from ten to fifty
candidates each. ¦>
ber 5 they were with No
vato Grove, where they were received by
a large number of members of the order,
who accorded them a most ' hearty wel
come. The" grove was found to be in l a
flourishing condition and the members enj^
thusiastic in the desire to help the noblif
grand arch go before the next Grand
Grove with a gain of 2000 in membership.
A banquet and addresses ; followed. - On
the 6th they were with Nicaslo Grove,
where two candidates were initiated. The
membership of the grove was found to
be very active and interested in the work
of the order, and .after the work of the
evening the visitors ..were entertained in
right good style. The hall of the Druids
in this place is undergoing renovation. It
is owned by the grove and is one of the
most commodious of country halls. On
the 7th the grand officers visited Dux
bury Grove at Bolinas, to which they
¦were escorted by a committee consisting
of District* Deputy Clark, J. Wilkensen
and M. Bisben, who met them at the out
skirts of the town. The grand officers
assisted in the conferring of the degrees
on a candidate and the grove received
Instruction in the manner of conferring
such. A feast in one of the largest halls
in the town followed the work. This
grove in its financial report showed that
it has a good bank account. On the 8th
they attended a special meeting of the
grove in Olema In the grove's own hail,
built on the grove's ten-acre lot, the only
fraternal order in the place that owns its
own home. Two candidates were initi
ated and a stranger elected to member
ship. Their next visit was to Tomales,
where they were met by Judge Fisher,
who showed them to all points of interest.
In the evening they visited the grove at
that iilace. The third degree was con
ferred on a member and three were elect
ed to membership. "The Bard" was there
in all his glory and delivered a discourse
on Druidism. On the 10th they attended
a special meeting of Frederick Seig Grove
at Occidental and were well received; on
the 12th they were with Dante Grove at
Duncans Mills; on the 13th they visited
Guerneville Grove; on the 14th they were
with Verdi Giuseppe Grove at Healdsburg,
and to-night they are to be with Sem
pione Grove at Santa Rosa.
£ /7TI Z^s OBLE GRAND ARCH GO-
Vf DEAU Us"' officially visiting
Aj I the groves in Marin and
Vj I Sonoma counties in com
l>7 pany with Grand Secre
'-"-' Vw ' ' tary Graves. On Septem-
TteLE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
mass will be celebrated by Father Yorke,
assisted by Fathers Phillips, Egan. Ses
non and Byrnes. On the ISth the Domini
can Fathers will officiate. Mass will be
celebrated by Father W. B. O'Connor. On
Thursday Archbishop Riordan will cele
brate mass in the morning; in the after
noon there will be a banquet and recep
tion and .a concert, praticipated in by all
the Dominican colleges in the State. There
will be a chorus of 120 young ladies. In
addition the event will be made the occa
sion for a reunion of the alumnae of the
Dominican colleges of the State.
There is a debt of $50,000 on the institu
tion. It is confidently expected that this
will be raised at this time. Many promi
nent people are lending their aid to that
end. Archbishop Riordan has donated
$1000 to the fund.
19
For sale at Market-street store onfy.
$1.50 Lace Curtains —
Just the curtain for dining-rooms or bedrooms— white or ecru — full size
and in the very latest patterns — special for alteration sale..$l.OO a Pair
• , For sale at fifarket-sireet store only.
12j£c Pillow Cases— >
.Made of heavy undressed muslin — 45x36 inches — just the pillow case
for family use— alteration sale price 10c Each
For sale at Market-street store only. *,
SPECIALS FROM BOTH STORES.
The three specials fo11owin.fi are on sale at both Market and Post
Street fe tores. ""
An Extraordinary Value in Silks—
By a fortunate turn in trade events we succeeded in purchasing for cash
50* pieces of regular 85c and $1.00 striped taffeta silk. Every pattern is in
the very newest style., and in the very best of colors^ — this is one of the
best purchases we have ever madc — to go on sale to-morrow at 49c Yard
For I ale at Both 6 tores.
India Silk^-
Now is the time to buy your colored silks for Christmas fancy work —
to-morrow wt place on sale 100 pieces, 20 inches wide, India silk, in all
the very latest shades— it is a quality seldom purchased for less tfian 40c
—special price 25c Yard
"" For Safa at Both Stores. .
Plush Velours-
Just the thing for furniture covering, draperies, cushion tops, etc.— a big
assortment of the 75c line remains, which will be closed out, beginning
. to-morrow, at •• 45c yard
For Sale at Both Stores.
For sale at Market-street store onfy.
$4.00 Portieres— • < . . "
Tapestry portieres in plain' colors, chenille borders, heavy deep fringe
bot> top and bottom— rwe cut $1.50 off the price to help boom the alter-
ation sale— special to-morrpw - $2.5O Pair
$6.50 Blankets—^ \.
An elegant heavy double bed,- white California wool blanket — regularly
selling for $6.50, will be placed on sale to-morrow morning for alteration
sale at ...............:.......•..... $5.00 a Pair
For sale at Market-street store onfy.
.. For sale at Market-street, store only.
25c Scotch Plaids-- .
A full line of new colorings— -double. fold, silk stripe effects — alteration
sale .price ......... *,. . '. . . . .V •.:...... .lOc Yard
, ~ .For sale at' Market-street store' only.
50c dacquqrd Suitings— -
All the latest shades. -mixed- with black— small, neat patterns predomi-
nate — 40 inches :; wide— alteration sale . price lOc Yard
*-. -For -sale at Market-street store only.
$1.OO Venetian. Cloth Suitings— .
Oxford grays— -heavy' enough for short skirts— 56 inches .wide — altera-
tion sale price. ... 1 .*.'. .................. i .................. .40c Yard
Second- week to be greater than the first. Our. store
remained closed all day yesterday in order to prepare for the
great sale to-morrow morning. On account of the carpen-
ters, painters and other workmen we were- hardly able to
take care of the crowds that were attracted last week and
must consequently apologize for the upset condition of the
store. However, we believe that the values we are quoting
will more than compensate you for the inconvenience you
must experience while shopping during the alteration sale.
Remember, we are ready again to-morrow at 8 a. m. Here
are a few of the many, bargains :we r /vyill offer.
50c and 60c English Alpaca— : "' -';' -^/~^' :,'^
In both plain and figured effects— -37 inches wide— iron- .- frame 1 and Si-
cilian weaves — silk -..finish' and a, beautiful deep black fabric — alteration
sale price .....V 116c Yard
ALTERATION SALE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Yes, father is a reformed man." she
said, "and our friends think it a miracle
that I cured him without his knowledge
or consent. I had read how Mrs. Kate
Lynch of 829 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.,
had cured her husband by using a remedy
secretly in his coffee and food and I ¦wrote
to Dr. Haines for a trial. When It came
I put some in father's coffee and food and
watched him closely, but he couldn'.t tell
the difference, so I kept it up.
"One morning:, father got up and said
he was. hungry. This was a good sign,
as he rarely ate much breakfast. He went
away and when he came home at noon
perfectly sober I was almost frantic with
joy. as I. hadn't seen him sober for half a
day before in over fourteen years. After
dinner he sat down in the big easy, chair
and said, 'Edith, I don't^know what has
come over me, but I hate the sight and
smell of . liquor and am going , to stop
drinking forever.' This was too much for
me, and I told him then what I had done.
Well, we both had a good cry, and now
we have the happiest home and the kind-
est father you can imagine. I am so glad
you will publish this experience, for it
will reach many others and let them know
about that wonderful Golden Specific."
Dr. Haines, «the discoverer, will send a
sample of this grand remedy free to all
who will write for it. Enough of the.rem-
edy is mailed free to. show how It is used
in tea," coffee or food, and that'it will cure
the dreaded" habit quietly and permanent-
ly Send your name and address to Dr.
J "W. Haines, 1669 Glenn building, Cincin-
nati, Ohio, and he .will mail a free sample
of the remedy to you, securely sealed in
a plain wrapper, also full directions how
to use: it, books' and 1 testimonials from
hundreds who have been cured, and
everything needed to aid you in saving
those near and dear to you from a life of
degradation and ultimate poverty and dis-
grace. -.¦•,¦:.• ¦ - : .' ¦'-¦¦.. -.'.¦•• •¦ -,,-.-
Send for a v free trial" to-day.-'It will
brighten the rest of your lite
Nothing could be more dramatic or de-
voted than the manner In which Miss
Edith Williams, Box 33, Waynesville,
Ohio, cured her drunken father after
years of miserir, wretchedness and almost
unbearable suffering. . "
To : how How V.ittiy It Is To
. Cure Drunkards.' .
Trial Po:l<nt; of the Rem.-dy MaHsd Free
Used an Odorless and Tasteless Remedy
in His Food, Quiskly Curing Hin
Without His Knowledge
Mi83 Edith Will'ams Wads Every Lady
• Roador of Thii Pape; to Know Hew -
Sh3 Savoi Her Fat". o.\
Cured
Drunkards
Easily
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELI^AUEOTTS.
t^^W Special sale of f^^B
> W$H new jackets Wrsm
WW$M new:silKwaistsl^VM
in which we wil1 give you some of our Vi^^F@
'I Iiii'h V I P rett » est garments for less than the ma- [!&§£^ Tv
'* l\\wTv rV_/ terial would cost you< //e^^N
pSRT- $12.50 Fine Kersey KWCl}
\ CiOliI , JflCKBtS* \ 3 f®jr<pi:
i&gi Style as in illustration. Finest tailor ,
>%& finish; all wool; eleRant satin lining: ____^ffi
i?f]\ ' real pearl buttons; blacks, tans and
*>f\ castors; all sizes. . I
J*\ Will Sell for $7.50. \
¦ New Taffeta Silk Waists. /
Fine quality; lined throughout; tucked back and front; the /
B new sleeves and collars; blacks, navy, red, pink, rose, light /,,
S blue; all sizes. Though you couldn't buy the silk at that price Jf,J
V y Will Sell for $3.75. j
w\ IVll/JLLrir & !LjL$L,BSgLf& M
li^v Cloak Suit House y^
mQ KvV BX FSV 99m KL9 WSy% UVI Eva pMCSj EwOwSEO K2f nfl ami
from I We have thousands of bargains for
|f\ per . ,.,.*'.. °^
to 30S; y° u that cannot be duplicated for
saved the pricein any other store in the city
handsomest bed made for the money that §tv B *ffi > 'J? : " SSBOO' ! V ** ' "^ S~^ '" "^T"! I
we have ever put on tale and cannot be - . ViM , £&1V •"-5?iF fl September T7*,C^> ' SJNri.' 1 \
duplicated elsewhere. The design Is new tstfcl '.\'-&?:- •'•¦" : EJ- » -Sale \s£F m ' tK * W&Z35Z \\i\m\
end perfect in detail. The construction 'aSV--' -vot *J*^r.. f Price " ¦ / / •t.—j ¦„ A#w
of the bed add? to its strength, durability / feg*c**g^jp»i wiiTiCil" \\ \^S^^^^^^HEi^^Tfi?
and beauty. It can be had in different V []" > i _ '» ~' ~^'. *¦?. *** , fA 0 I v l>
colors, decorated -with old gold and brass v» 0 , . -. ~ \L/g\ Ul 1*~~* — "¦""*•». ' %/ R
trimmings, and Is made in three sizes. . L GT .'. i i •fiZ,ll ifss *- Rf *^—
Call and see it. . .. ¦ '"' . w"li|| ¦_ '.'¦' V^ v v< ?~ 1^--. %>* '
Brass and Enameled Beds • >L * V-
Enameled Bed. with 1 1-16 inch pil- C 0 7 C • ' ' ' , 4s5 & O O C5T 6\
lars, etrongeteel frame, all sizes $£i 10 ti? Ch f~* /TV/fV glT ZffBnfflt f
Enameled Bed, with brass top rods and . tW^ffl.S 111 rr * v
spindles. 11-16 inch pillars, exten-^ CQ \|/^VFtVVf. Value $30.00
SS^^SStt Parlor Furniture Items. roSlSF EgHHH'iH
top rods, spindles and mounts..... C QQ $33.00 Parlor Suit,, our own make, in as- bevel plate mirror, carved ornaments, cast
* vmvw sortment- of colors — hand poi-POl ~IC- brass trimmings, etc. — a rare bargain.
Enameled Bed, with l l ,i-inch pillars, l«=hed— «ale price dZii/D
£&. spssr .u fo & s b .:f:r l( ? r f 5 B ssfflBS?asi^!isSs4|iio More Parlor F » rBitme Bar 8 ains -
' $5.50 Parlor Rocker, hand polished, Q CO 522.50 Divan, full carved back, upholstered
Doflnr T"jihl#»<£ comfortable arms— sale price OiUU seat— special price OJO Cfl
rdllur ldUIC> $22.00 Couch, our own make, upholstered OlOiOU
Solid Mahogany English Writ- CIO nn to order, in assortment of colors of $30.00 Reeamier, hand polished and heav-
ing Table, worth $20.00 vUiuu French tapestry— sale price (I 7C ily carved— special sale OfJ (\f\
Oak and Mahogany Finished Parlor I OC l*f 1 I 0 £UiUU
Tables, hand polished, worth $3.00 lti.0 $65.00 Parlor Suit, solid mahogany, hand $25.00 Easy Chair, tufted back and spring
il Mahogany Finished Table, worth (C fin carved and polished— sale price.. (in seat, upholstered in best plush— in Cfl
-"^ $25.00 '. IU«UU .i.'rUiUu sale price IZiJU
Mahogany Tea Tables, worth $8.00 C flfi $15.00 Parlor Chair (corner), handsomely $30.00 Divan, tufted back, hand carved and
wiUU upholstered, hand polislied |f| (in polished, spring seat, uphol- |C fin
Mahogany Inlaid Parlor Tables.COC frame-special price IUiUU stered in best plush-sale price.. I JiUU
worth $10.00 DiZu ,„-,._„ ,h^.
£|li«$fi3r~ ifft&^M? MADE-UP CARPET RUGS. CURTAINS AND DRAPERIES.
i f?-ES3 'i.'f "'^^fiS^i From Remnants and Odd Pieces of Car- GjSSSE^l£?3£S£S?5?SSS*
'^^fcteS 1 '/! "^ &•$&&&'* P €ts and Borders. Some of the best car- ITj^g^^g^^ij^^^t^g^ZSrv" . |
I f&^>f. V -> fV^P P els madc - I3elow we a^ote eome of tho \ §S^B-^"f -W' i
¦ T!^S^5 .SJ>.<H) for' 9x6 size Axminster. J. jji|| Kr</- v \/. jg§)
VlS" -V '**M?<yK V|^l|{ 8.25 for Sx6 size Velvet.- 'MS R r !>| fJ/ P5 T I* «fc
i \x£&\ &&&&}$&&< : 7.OO for 9x6 size Tapestry Brussels ¦ tfg ' :] A^M I j! U
i ¥&&*-'y •'%*? ( *l£ > i : *s i?'W*B •; 14.00 for 11.6x8.3 size Tapestry Brussels. gl V.n.OXy^. $£\ S 18 U
• JVK^^j ••iS$&Cttr ' i>sf3P 1S.OO for llxS.3 Fize Wilton Velvet. ,, f§\t-;<^' y %>l\
' pW&%) ''**&£*¦**> iW#r£? ' 18.OO for 8.3x13 size Body Brussels. \ £i$A',' N '-^^ll
¦''WS^A* ! Sf for 12x10.6 size AVilton Velvet. j gyiftj-l gV if'm RlUW
¦ r rP^-> c!^T ; tS:^t%i' ID OO for 11x15.6 size Tapestry Brussels. §• ll- 1 , 1 f ' 10 3 'c 0 13
>/j^5 >¦ &!Sl&f< !i>-OO for 12x8.3 Axminster. g* ± Yi, ! °-C^J'|
' JBff^ fc «i>J^1H is.00 for iixs.3 aioquette. w % - <&> >. -p Border
; j|Sx^ w r *'$^ £i"«o fcr llxS - 3 Axminster - If • ih l1 oruer
: 4mf-^^^^^M RUGS AND CARPETS. I I V« &¦ I Portieres.
i^^m^^^mi si.oo^rp^worth 3^: 3 Anteittr |'Hj)i(f;i r
fiPgg^^*»JJWfta^gi£ig^||gg i in per vard for Sanford & Smith's ,V K )C. ; l(\yi^[ . S» nair
l^^^^^s^^p-^^^^^f^ jJO \Vilton Velvet Carpets, with or 'g « <|f^ W, rW, ffl\ V '
7 r^per^yard' fo? r Sanford & Smith's § K®S^^^pfe&i $yfl.5O
JOHN BROMLEY & SON'S ROYAL /0C Best Quality Tapestry Eru:-sels BftBSte^m^sffiMfesj
c\ivn\» r?irr« Carpets, worth Me per yard. V^^^^'^^^Wm.W^.fR
SMYRNA RUGS. a ' yard for Body Brussels Car- •3&&3&gjggig)^
84S OO for 15x12 sire. $3 95 for 6x2 size. ||IO pets. H«-J^« n 1 D A J n i«
*2i so for 12x9 6i Ze . «s ss «or 30x60 in. Kn - per yard for Brussels carpet?. Handsomely Dordered Portieres,
9O OO for 4Sx8< in. 15 for 26x51 in. DUG In red. blue, green, gold, each 3 yards
$ 2 OO for 21x45 in.- $1 C5 for 18x30 In. m #« per yard for Heavy Ingrains long, 50 inches wide. Handsome, rich
_ NEW ELECTRA AXMINSTER RUGS. 4UC " S ,\, T lth , solld C0 ,!°S centers . and
"«24 50 for I2ri .ize. «4 5O for 36x72 in. Linoleums in great variety from 45c per others in two tone |™ a »flfure centers.
»31 75 for 10.6x8.3* 92 «5 for 27x54 In. square yard up. J-AJ. J.U{aX±,JSi CO.
JSH^-ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S. Z£*i
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS.
B RememberjUtiat L _ the Jill
hImm SB^^^T^P^F^^T-^BT%Mt^S -lEg^yv^ S^X^ilPC^i 9 a Jf Aj
CD 9 59 lVAi it mm^miUk fi^H^B^M ft Wr I ft I ~^I^J^flof»S 1 I I fl I ff"jFTll I ifi * %J
jp 1^ has no competitor in men's footwear, save , |=|
WKrVr & «* & %& HiiB
BHltt fit /"YPf^ If £ft Appeals to the best and most re- joT S
ffWfc w B\V V I ll nec * sen5e of 'every woman. Its :/f ;
Eltt 0^ *& comparatively low price is one of :n " :
le/lvfc il *^& l ' le won<^ ers °f tne tirnes. Wtx
Fa"" Wi.P ' HI ' ¦
| Sole-Age^ \
I PL S ? - Second I
ISO THIRD ST. Store |
I, c^ vL* cj! ' :cjl\ froih .Market 5t.j'.There is one thlng"awoman'wlll keep to
herself, ; ana that is j her , age.
Michele Fatlnl and. Joseph -Masonl. who
live on Telegraph Hill, were playing yes
terday morning on the old' Spreckels re
finery lot at the intersection ¦ of Sansbme
and Union - streets when they found the
body of an infant lying on the- ground
wrapped in old > rags. ; -The remains were
taken to the Morgue. An-, autopsy was
performed by Dr.'Lulgi D. Baelgalupi and
disclosed that the body was that of a
newly-born female infant, ' that imme
diately after birth had. been - to
bleed to death, and in. order to make cer
tain that it should : not*live some T one had
deliberately strangled it with u cloth cord.'
The body of . the : murdered ; babe . had ¦ evi
dently been -lying in the lot for three or
four days. . ¦ .. ¦ ¦ .
and the Body Thrown
Away.
Girl Baby '_ Is Strangled With a Cord
NEW-BORN INFANT
¦ IS FOULLY MURDERED
, In the complaint, which was filed sev
eral days ago by Mrs. Robinson, it is
stated that the physician has failed to
contribute : the full sum ordered by the
court, and that for the last five-months
he has not given her any portion of the
monthly stipend. TSSHwS&J*'
Dr. Frank B. Robinson, a young physi
cian, has been ordered to appear before
Judge Kerrigan, ' September 20, 1901, to
show cause for- his .failure to pay his
divorced wife $50 per month alimony.
The couple were divorced May 22, 1900
and when the decree r was ' granted, Dr.
Robinson, who was . the : defendant In ' the
divorce . proceedings, i was ordered ¦ to ¦ pay
$50 per month for, the support of his wife
and the two minor children.
pear Before Judge Kerrigan
and Show Cause. .
Dr. Frank Robinson Ordered to Ap-
YOUNG MEDICAL MAN
FAHS.TOPAY ALUVLONST
r:,The holders: of regular policies' in the
company ; haive "been greatly '.benefited -by
this transaction;. and. the. Industrial policy
holders i being '. transferred : ; to , the f' Metro
politan,* noted' for its liberal- and broad
dealing, .will .undoubtedly- be 'well cared
for. ' • , • * . '«
The Pacific Mutual has been engaged 'In
business over thirty years,- and is now do
ing a larger business than i ever before ; in
its history, and- with the -money -realized
from this sale has been. advanced into the
foremost rank of life insurance companies
of ¦ .the „ United : States, : ¦ its percentage of
surplus , to policy; holders now being larger
than ' that ' of ' any :¦' other • company doing
business onthls coast. » - .
; Its industrial business has" always been
profitable. - but > with the ¦ advent ¦ of the
Metropolitan, the- largest. industrial com
pany in , the United States, competition
would have been very keen, and the man
agement- of 'the' Pacific Mutual, knowing
its Industrial policy-holders would be fully
protected by the policies of the Metropoli
tan,.thought It wise to- realize a handsome
profit by transferring this, business and
devoting its entire, attention to its' life
and accident departments. \ \: .'_ . .
; Some six years ago the management of
the company , believing that this form of
life insurance was needed in California
and that the business could be success
fully prosecuted, added this • department
to its regular life and accident business
and the correctness of that belief is at
tested by the result of its six years' busi
ness in 'that line, as by- this, transaction
the Pacific Mutual adds almost a million
dollars to . its assets for. the protection
of its policy-holders, the largest sum. of
money ever paid for business, of this
character. • • .
: . The largest , transaction by far that has
ever occurred In local .insurance ¦' circles
has just been consummated by which the
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company
of California. transfers Its industrial busi
.ness to the Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company of New York. The : magnitude
of the transaction can scarcely be real
ized by those not familiar r with this
branch of insurance. . Industrial or, week
ly^ payment Insurance Is > something new
to this State and the Pacific Mutual has
been . the only company up to this time
that has ever engaged in the business on
this coast. ¦
Three suits for divorce on the ground
of desertion were filed In the County
Clerk's office yesterday, as follows: Paul
ine Soss against Christian Soss. Helen A.
Ha.nkins against S. J. Hankins and IX
Howard Foote against Florence I* Foote.
Suits for Divorce Piled.
Almost a Million Dollars In
volved in the, Transaction.
The Largest Amount of
Money Ever Paid - for
Industrial Business.
Persons holding seats for the Tlvoll
matinee performance of Saturday, Sep
tember 14. which performance 'was not
given on account of the death of Presi
dent McKinley. can exchange the same
for seats for any performance during »he
coming week. "Faust" and "Carmen"
will / be the same alternating bills.
"Faust" will be played on Monday, "Wed
nesday, Friday and Saturday evenlng3
and "Carmen" on the other nights and at
the Saturday matinee. Tha management
wishes to disappoint no one who has pur
chased seats, and the above arrangement
holds good till Tuesday evening, Septem
ber 17. ' v r
Tivoli Seats to Be Exchanged.
Pacific Mutual Sells
Its Industrial Business
to the Metropolitan
Life of New York.
The depositions of Alfred Fink, Samuel
Knight and Dudley Dubose were' signed
by. the witnesses yesterday before United
States Court Commissioner Heacbck in
the matter of the rehearing of the con
tempt charges against Dubose. K. S. Pills
bury, on behalf of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals, obtained an ad
ditional statement from the witness Fink,
who said Oiat on September 14. 1900. the
day on which the writs were served,
Messrs. Metson, Johnson, Geary, Dubose
Hubbard and himself had a talk with Mc-
Kenzie about the matter and on that oc
casion McKenzle declared that his coun
sel had advised. him not to obey the writs
of supersedeas, as they were void. That
was his personal opinion he said. Mc-
Kenzie did not say who his counsel were.
The depositions were then signed ¦ and
mailed to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals at Seattle.
Showing That a Great Conspir
acy Existed.
McKENZIE SAYS HE .
WAS WRONGLY ADVISED
Fink Makes an Additional Statement
The board held an oral examination for
applicants for teachers' positions. About
150 would-be pedagogues were put through
a test intended to show their ability to
teach In order that they may be assigned
to the eligible list of fifty, which Is to
be formed by the board.
Costello asserted that Mark had prac
tically condemned his client beforehand,
and was therefore Ineligible to act. The
board refused to entertain Costello's pro
test and ruled that Mark could act as
one of the Investigators. Costello there
upon stated that he would sue out a writ
of prohibition to prevent Mark from act
ing. The trial of the case of Miss Mc-
Kinney was set for next Friday.
The Board of Education met behind
closed doors yesterday for the purpose
of beginning- the preliminary Investiga
tion Into the charges preferred by Albert
Lyser, principal of the John Swett school
against Miss M. McKlnncy. one- of his -
assistants. Attorney Stephen Costellc 9f
appeared for Miss McKinney, and pro
tested against Director* Mark holding a
position on the court of inquiry on th«
ground that he had pre- Judged the- casa.
as Investigator.
Against School Director Acting
Miss HcKinney's Attorney Protest*
ACCUSED TEACHER SAYS
HABK ' IS PBEJTJDICED
Interests connected with the erection of th»
new buildine declare that it will surpass any
other - structure • In: and -about Union Square
The plans call for a fine modern office buildin
to be built of limestone, brick and terra cotta!
All the floors wlll.be designed for first-class
offices, with the exceotion of the tround floor
which .will> be occupied by the Bank of the
Metropolis.. This site,' with a frontajre of 32
feet and 6 Inches on Union Square, - and ex
tending back 150. feet -on Sixteenth street, is
one of the. best known in the city. Here Bren
tano's store was long, situated. ' It has recently
removed to " new ¦ qua rters. On * Ausrust ' 15 the
work of tearing down the old building was be
gun and now only a rapidly diminishing- pile
of bricks. and dried. mortar remains. of
erecting the new building: will be commenced
as soon as is practicable. I-JLst February the
site. was bouzht from.Auaten G. Fox and Re
becca ¦ Fox ¦ by the- Central t Realty Bond and
.Trust Company for the sum of $2SO.OC0. James
Stillman.* president of. the National City Bank
is/ together .with other. Interests of the Standard
: Oil: Company. . interested in , the Central Realty-
Bond* and Trust Company." Some of these pen
tlemen are also interested In the Bank "of, the
• Metropolis. It was learned on Auj^jst 16 that
; the ; Brentano site had- been quietly, reconveyed
to the Bank of the .*: Metropolis, which, lm
: mediately announced • its " Intention *. to ¦ erect a
building as has. been specified. : ' Theodore Rou
;ers is president : of .the Bank of the Metropolis,
which- is a State. Institution, with a. capital of
5coo,ooo:" • ¦ • f< ¦;.'.•¦ / . .,-. •
Many fine buildings are going up in New
York. Real, estate is. rising and eligible
residence sites, where elegant homes
might be placed. ; are growing scarce. "A
16-story building will , soon bo placed on
the northwest corner of Union square and
Sixteenth 'street for a home for the Bank
of the Metropolis. •" This structure will
cost $400,000. The New York Herald says
concernine It: '. :"•..¦
Great Bank Building.
• A. Goodman will build eight flats on
Myrtle avenue, west from Van Ness ave
nue, the estimated cost of which Is $13,000.
; The residence to be erected for Dr. E.
P: Hoyle on " the north line of : Jackson
street, east from First avenue, tvill cost
about $15,000. r/-. '¦'¦£-:-
'"'A. Soher. and'S. Rademaker will expend
$22,000, for ; two buildings to.be placed on
the south line of McAllister street.
Samuel Halladay has borrowed $33 000
from the<Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety upon the property 137:6x137:6 on the
north line of Clay street,: 137:6 feet west
from'Gough. and the southeast corner of
Clay and Octavia streets..- -
The Sunaet district members of Cooper's
Congregational Church are grading a lot
on the eas't line of Ninth avenue, near L
street, and a church structure will be
erected at that place.; '¦ ¦
The Starr King building on Geary street
will be more extensively Improved than
was at first proposed. The height will be
seven stories. Bovee, Toy & Sonntag are
the agents.
Proposals for the '. construction of a
building -at Point Reyes for the Weather
Bureau.will.be opened next week in
Washington. r>
Plans submitted ¦ for the new County
Jail at Los Angeles vary the cost from
$135,000 to $175,000. Los Angeles is also to
erect anew school building In the Sixth
Ward.- to cost about $22,000.
An architectural club, composed of
draughtsmen In _ the offices of San Fran
cisco architects,- Is proposed. ¦ Among:
those who will be members are August
Q. Headman, George" Wagner, Fred Le
benbaum, Tobey Uearwall, E. Hilder
brandt, William Betts, Fred Reihardt. Tr
A. Farnkopf, M. D. Schmidlin, Alfred and
Elmer Krafft, A. K. Johnson, A.' L. John
son, J.iA. von Ahnden.A. La Franchl, B.
E. Gottschalk, E. B. Scott, C. R. Ward,
E. A. Schulacher and H. G. Corwin. The
first meeting, will -be held at the Builders'
Exchange assembly hall. -
Club of Architects.
Nos. 33G4, 3366 and 3370 Ninteenth street. 122:6
feet east from Mission, with three-story Im
provements. tBCOO; thre«? building lots on the
north line of Chestnut street, 124:3 feet west
from Van Ness avenue, 27:6x137:6 feet each,
$S0O, $S25 and $900; lot 23x100 feet and 4-room
cottage with basement on the east line of
Hampshire street, 213 feet south from Twentieth
street, $1500; southwest corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Baker street, with street work
done. 37:6 on Baker by 96:10*4 on Golden Gate
avenue 32C0.
These maxims Jowett once wrote out
"for statesmen and cithers": "Never
quarrel. Never fear. Never spare. Never
tell."
The California branch of the Women's
Auxiliary of the Episcopal convention
has established headquarters at 1609 Sut
ter street. The foreign missionary ex
hibit will be held at the same place.
Women's Auxiliary Headquarters.
The Lake Shore people delivered the
mail to the New York postal authorities,
who in turn conveyed it to the Campania
at 10 a. m.. two hours, before the sailing
time of that vessel:
The Campania made the passage across
the Atlantic in record time, and on the
morninj? of September 14 the New Zealand
letters were in the , London postoffice and
Mr. Spreckels had made his promise good.
Had Mr. Spreckels failed to deliver the
New Zealand mails he would- have suf
fered no penalty. No ¦ contract has yet
been entered Into between the Oceanic
Steamship Company and the New Zea
land Government, and there is no fine for
failing to get the mails to their destina
tion within any specified time. Mr.
Spreckels had simply said that under any
circumstances the thing would be done,
and consequently he spared no expense in
seeing that it was done. . -
At Omaha the San Francisco train was
met by a special, to which the mail was
transferred. This special got into Chicago
at 10 o'clock on the morning of the. 6th,
an hour and a half behind the regular
fast mail, which left that city at 8:30.
Another special was put on, and by an
almost unprecedented burst of speed it
succeeded in overtaking the regular fast
mail at Toledo, when the mails, were
again transferred to the regular train of
the Lake Shore line.
The Ventura, which was due here on the
2d of this month, arrived on Uie day she
was expected, but too late to connect
with the Eastern overland which left that
evening. The Australian mails, -which she
carried, were consequently delayed until
10 o'clock the following morning. Mr.
Spreckels was determined that, notwith
standing this delay, the letters should ar
rive in London on the day they were due,
September 14. Telegrams were sent or
dering special trains at, Omaha and Chi
cago, and the race across the continent
against time commenced. The object was
to connect with the Campania,' which was
to sail from New York at noon, Septem
ber 7. •
The Southern Pacific Company received
the following telegram yesterday which
tells the story of the • successful race
against time made by John D. Spreckels
in the transmission of the mails from
New Zealand to London: .
\ NEW YORK, Sept. 14.
Southern Pacific Company, San Francisco,
Cal.: Cunard line reports that Campania passed
Brow Head at 1 o'clock yesterday afterrtoon
and that her mail would reach London at 4
o'clock this (Saturday) morning-. The race
with the Australia mall Is a success and we
know that the route between Australia and
London . is via San Francisco, Chicago and
New York.
Templeton Crocker, son of the late
Charles F. Crocker, while out for a drive
yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock^ in
San Mateo County was accidentally
thrown from the roundabout In which
he wes riding- nnd sustained a fracture of
both legs above the knees. The accident,
which occurred on the road to the Crystal
Springs dam, was occasioned by the horse
suddenly shying.
The young man was hurled against a
New Zealand Letters Get
to England "Within
the Limit.
Templeton Crocker Has
Both His Legs Frac
tured.
YOUNG CROESUS
MEETS OISASTER
MAIL REACHES
LONDON ON TIME
Templetcn Crocker Is but 17 years of
age, and Js the brother of Mrs. Burton
Harrison of New York and of Miss Jennie
Crocker, together with whom he is heir
to the estate of the late Charles F. Crock
er. The young man was to have started
Monday for the East, where he has been
attending school preparatory to entering
Yale two .years hence.
telegraph pole standing at the side of the
road. His governess, Mrs. Kline, who
was ridinp in the roundabout with him,
was also thrown out, but fortunately es
caped with a few bruises. Young Crocker
was immediately removed to the home of
his uncle. "\Villiam H. Crocker, at Bur
lingrame. ¦whither p. doctor was summoned
and the two fractured Umbs set. The in
juries,' besides being very serious, are
painful, and it will be several months be
fore the young- man will be able to return
to school.
BIG INSURANCE
DEAL EFFECTED
Lot 45x65, on the north line of Twenty-third
street, 77:6 feet west from Folsom, with im
provements. Nos. 3116. 3118, 3120 and 3122, $7050;
lot 25x101:6 and 9-room house, at SSOS Twenty
second street. 55 feet west from Noe. J3250;
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. report offers at
their auction sale ' last Tuesday as fol
lows:
Adjoining properties on the north corner of
Third- and -. Jessie streets, ' southeast -line of
Stevenson street, 67:6 feet northeast from Third
and 117:G feet northeast from Mission; Nos.
910, 912 and 914 Kearny street, east line, north
from Jackson street, with additional frontage
on Montgomery avenue; lot and Improvements
at 915, 917, 919 and 921 Dupont street, west line,
between Washington and Jackson streets; lot
64:6x137:6 and brick building at S32 and 834
Washington street, north line, between' Dupont
and Stockton streets, and portions of Potrero
blocks 197, 208 and 203.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction on
Monday, September 23, properties of the
heirs of Matthew Crooks, at 14 Montgom
ery street. The list to be offered includes
the following:
Sale by Referees.
Jacob Stern and others to Owen W. Brennan.
for $36,000, 23:5^x80 feet, on the east line of
Stockton street, 47:2 feet north from Post; Ad
dison -Lambeth to Gustave Harschall, for
{24,450. -north corner of Sixth and Clementina
streets. S5x80 feet; estate of Egbert Judson and
the San Francisco Chemical Works, for $123,
0C0, 500x35x42x96 feet, on the west line of Va
lencia street, 65 feet north from Fifteenth, also
130. feet on the north lide of Fifteenth street,
east from Guerrero, with property in other
counties; James McDonald to the Archbishop of
San 'Francisco, for $16,500. southeast corner of
Eighteenth and Howard streets, 130x122:6: J. H.
Dunham to the Mercantile Library Association.
for $10,000, 60x137:6 feet, on the «outh line of
Greenwich street. 137:6 feet west from Kearny.
Lot. 25x120. on east line of Tenth avenue, 150
fe«t south of L. street, . with one and a half
story cottage of 'five rooms, for $3000, to Mr.
Connelly; 25x100, on south line of M street, 82:6
west of Eleventh avenue, for $400; 25x120, on
west line of Ninth avenue, 100 feet south of N
street, for $450; 25x120, on west line of Tenth
avenue. 250 feet north of J-» street, for $700; 25x
127:G, cottage and lot, on the west line of Four
teenth avenue, between Clement and California
streets, from Mrs. Howe to Mr. Carvill; 60x100,
on south line of Montana street, 275 feet west
of Plymouth avenue, for $250; 23x120, on south
line of Twenty-first avenue, 225 feet north of K
street, for $350: 57:6x100, on southwest corner of
J street and Forty-third avenue, . for $550: 50x
120," on west line of Forty-third avenue, 150 feet
jiorth of K Ptreet, for $400.
~A demand for houses and lots in the
Sunset and Richmond districts Is report
ed by Sol Getz & Bro.
Sales that have been placed upon record
the last week include the following:
Near the Park.
Sales have been made by Sol Getz &
Bro. as follows:
S& flats, from 419 to 425 Harriet street, from
Hannah Barry to Jorge de Urloste, for. $3050;
two Hats and lot, 25x80 feet, at 1110 and 1112
Harrison street, near Seventh, from R. B. Mo-
Collough to J. Crowley,- for $4760; lot, 25x80
feet, and two houses at 3422 and 3424 Nineteenth
street, near Mission, from Jane Kedien to A.
H. Quatman, .for $3900; a lot. 80x100 feet,, with
four cottages, at 1327. 1329, 1331 and 1333 Twenty
fifth street, from Mrs. Margaret Steinbach to
H. A. Curtis, for $4000; lot, 25x100 feet, on the
south line of Fourteenth street, 75 feet eaBt of
Folsom, from Mrs. Julia L. Jones to H. A.
Curtis, for. $1750; a cottage and lot, 25x100 feet,
on the east line of Hampshire street, near
Twentieth, from Henry Deveney to John Dueb
ner, for $1300;. the house and lot; 25x114 feat, at
SSOS Twenty-second street. v from Dwlght: Ed
wards toJ. Ij. Baar, for $2500; lot and cottage
at 2763 Octavia street, near Union, 31x72 feet,
from Edward Delenae to William Hadfelder,
for $2450. . ":~c ; ::" '
The VoniRhein Estate Company has
sold for William and Jeanette Wolf to Jo
seph Hirschfeld property on the north line
of Ellis street, 164:7ft feet east from Octa
via. 27:6 by 137:6 feet, for. $16,000.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have sold the
following properties:
line of California street, 137:6 feet
west from Front street, with a two-story
and basement brick building, through the
•agency cf Bovee, Toy & . Sonritag. The
same brokers have sold . the northwest
corner of "Washington and Leavenworth
streets. 137:6 by 70 feet, to Walter Dan
ford for 516,000.
THE sales of realty the past week
include the transfer by Harvey
Dana to -Daniel Roth for $32,500 of
a lot 27:6 by 91:8 feet on the south
One Consignment of the Valuable Books Left the Windy City on Thursday
Last and -Anolher Will Be Sent Across the Continent on Wednesday
of Next Week-These Atlases Will Be Soon Ready for Distribution
Business Offerings Have
Preference With.; the
Buyers. _~
Records : Indicate That "All
Sections Command
Attention.
SALES ENLIVEN
REALTY MARKET
THOUSANDS OF THE CALL'S ATLASES
ARE NOW ON THE WAY FROM CHICAGO
THE 8AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER l/», 1901.
THE ABOVE TELEGRAM BRINGS THE CHEERING NEWS TO.MANY.OF THE CALL'S SUBSCRIBERS WHO
HAVE BEEN PATIENTLY AWAITING THE ARRIVAL OF THE ATLASES THAT TWO CARLOADS WILL
REACH THE CITY WITHIN A SHORT TIME. .
20
CALL ATLAS IS
LEST OFFERED
OiN CpAST
The CALL Premium Atlas
is the very best Atlas offered,
newspaper readers. "We invite
comparison with any other
Atlas 'now offered on this
coast.
This fine Atlas is offered to
CALL readers at the ex-
tremely low price of $1.50.
All new six months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium rate of $1.50.
I rien J Exclusively J .
O ASSUMING THAT THE FUNCTIONS OF. THE PROSTATE GLAXD ARE «
p ** understood It should ba apparent that when damaged by either contracted d!s- g
Q order or dissipation that disordered function must result. Tha first symptoms pointing R
« to this prostatlc disorder are referable to the reproductive system. It Is flrst noticed JtJ
. n that ' patients suffering from this disease aro embarrassed by prematurenesa. This Is ~?
§ Invariably followed, sooner or later, with all of those symptoms known as "Weak- 3
sT- ness." The most common form of damage to the gland Is congestion of mow or less 8
» severity, which finally becomes localized as Prostatlc Catarrh, and If this catarrh once Q.
M becomes chronic then various nervous symptoms arlso which are known to physicians S
W is 'Neurasthenia, or exhausted nerve force. The greater number of patients suffering Ct
" £* from this so-called weakness are healthy -and robust men In every other respect men «
8 ti-ho have possibly been treated by tonics, electricity, etc., for a weakness which If the >*
Q abovehas been made clear, will be understood never to have existed. For the past 0
£ few years we have been calling the attention of the medical frofession and others to O
<3 the fact that the above well defined symptoms were not weaknesses., but results of S
-§ Inflammation, and that drugs could not cure, but procedures directed toward repairing V%
« the divraage always prove successful. It Is no longer a theory, but a fact and tha i%
K adopti6n of the Talcott Prostatic Dilator as a necessity in the treatment of these
w troubles Is proof of our assertions. Colored chart of tho organs sent free on aoDlIca S
» tlon. It explains why. if a man has been treated for a weakness, he has not been cured. S
| Varicocele Should Be Cured. 1
8 Varicocelc Is an eniarpement of the most vital blood vessels in man In their &
W .normal condition their function Is to carry off waste material thus enabling »h» "C
W organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to the brraklni? down of Ihe valves ckn>^ O
O by the paralysis of the muscular coat, or the veins, they become dilated *-,* uZ**i ' O
§ Ftasrnation of the blood follows.. The vital nerves. beln C deprived oi " ihcJr " or!Sn?f ¦ &
-Q quality and quantity of nimrishment. atrophy Is tho result. Statistics prove that n ri
O per "cent of the male population are afflicted with varicocele in some «tace nr th» 55
g disease. We "ruaranlee to euro' varicocele in one week at our office or four «»Vt »J 8
g home treatment, .without -the use of. knife, caustic or ligature. AVe hav» raiJ nv.i «V
« 20W r cas.es without, a single, failure or unpleasant result. We Invite correwndonc? So
3 and Uhe fullest investigation of our methods and can refer to cured patients If " 8
I 997 Market St.,, Entire Upper F8oor, Cor. Sixth Street I •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cif\ :"MJ l^W^ k £^ If f\ ¥T C^ Mercury arid
11 \ I 'A «¦¥ 1 I I Potash, Holding
\.i^ A. M. JFlk -\^S. SL \Jr M\J &tsS o\xt false hopes
of a ctxre, lead
- / •'.¦«> . ' ,
'\s'-MLJr.£ H . VJIl^/VjL 1 mire of darKest
tm,--ui a ¦¦'¦¦.'¦ a -l i_ 1 . -L * £ '' despair a j\ d
The blood' poison sufferer wno bases nis hopes of a cure upon
mercury and potash- is doomed to disappointment. These d'Otlht. J& j& j&
minerals may dry up the sores and eruptions, and perhaps for ||i||
months no external signs of the disease are seen, but just as sure as you live, you will experience
again the. horrible effects of. the original poison and the added torture of Mercurial Rheuma-
tism, ruined digestion and most offensive ulcers and sores. The use of these minerals diverts
the poison from the natural channels and forces it back into the blood and system, where it
preys upon the more vital parts, and heart disease,-- 'tjuick consumption or some other equally
fatal disease ends the patient's sufferings. Mercury and potash are given to combat and de-;
stroy the deadly virus of Contagious Blood Poison, but they never have nor never will accom-
plish any such result. The advan- j^ss.
tage gained by a lor.j course of a 1
these drugs is only temporary and fy If ai3?yV>w 1 -
No wonder, then, the blood \h X M^llli \ /
poison victim grows despondent W ' 5^ \\ f
and abandons hope when, after tak- K \^M\\ll/hi /' V^
ing mercury and potash long and -^i^^^fe "®3 I M
regularly, and having followed to i^Wil^^^ml^^^^M I Mllii
thl letter his physician's instruc- ,41^^
tions, he sees the old disease return- iMiM
ing,bringingmanynewandstrange \^^^^2^ ¦
symptoms, and, in spite of medical JStiph'/ 5^"--^. V " r^^n^---J
skill and in defiance of all human ' '^^^ I^^^^J~^~C *^ s< f~ t r£F% r **T §
efforts, the body is- soon covered -jfeZ!^^^^^^"
vvith a mass of pustular sores and ,
copper-colored spots.; The mem- ' -^^^^^-^^^r^^^^^^^^^^_J^^^^^W^^^^"
branes of the mouth, tongue and - - — r=? -^^^^^^^^^^^^^5^^^^^^^^*
throat thicken and ulcerate, glands '. 'jS^* 1 *^" — - —^ m -
inflame and throb with pain, hair and eyebrows fall out, sight fails, and it seems not an organ,
tissue or fibre of the body escapes the ravages of this terrible poison. Mineral remedies hav-
ing failed .to arrest the disease, the pitiable sufferer feels that his choice lies between a life of
the most intense mental and uhysical suffering or self-destruction.
But you can be, cured quickly and permanently of Contagious Blood Poison by the use of
S. S. S. It antidotes and destroys this peculiar virus, and no other known medicine does,
and we confidently assert and believe that S. S. S. is the only true cure for this vile disease,
this' monster plague. It is strictly and wholly a vegetable remedy, and we offer $i,ooo.oo f^
for proof to the contrary. No bad effects follow its use. It cleanses the blood of this poison
and restores it to its original purity and strength, and not only removes all traces of the
j€&*^s*s a^fe a .^^^^ disease, but destroys the "effects of ¦ the mercury and potash
eiS*^2l ff/!P^3 < ir^^ m *J| as we^* Profit by the experience of thousands who have
U^"*!^ V^^teT^ been restored to health and happiness through the timely
use of S. S. S.,.and do not be duped and doped by so-called
fe^T"*^ g |^j J )^ j J specialists and others who have nothing to offer you but
mM^^ mercury and potash, put up in a different and perhaps more
fc *** f \ " ll1 "" attractive form than that prescribed by your home physician.
Don't despair of a cure because other methods have failed. S. S. S will not disappoint
you, and the balance of your days may be the best # and -happiest you have ever known or
d ared hope for. Write our physicians all about yourxase, describing as accurately as possible -
your present condition, symptoms, etc., and they will cheerfully advise and help you to get
well without any cost to you whatever. •
1 Our Home Treatment Book on Contagious Blood Poison gives much information about the
disease that we are sure will interest you. We will be glad to mail you a copy if you desire it.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta. Ga.
i^^s^g^^ A Hord Wood *
\ll*P/ H&Vrfll Golden oak finish on elm.
$}> £$/ vkv^' Double or three-quarter size.
iMi_ N&Hi The wire fabric in the mattress
|j _^7.^^— ~ ± J!^i!*3jFJgsn ' is of double texture and is sup-
1 1 •^^~^~^^P1 ported by 14 stout steel springs. .
IJPI* 8 *"^-^^ 5^^!, Sterling price, $8.50
* ui-"*'i»M' h inili-- -M^jf
f k • .We're showing, the pret-
% Ifj ....'. r^/^ est ne °^ weat nered oak
S^ , ~| I I ij: novelties in the town.
% '- '*L» LJLJ. -L-Ijj^ 1 el Quaint hall tables and
I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^:-£. ii settees, oddly carved rock-
¦"^P^^^^^^^^^^^.l?? if ers. Rush bottomed chairs
and settles., Sterling prices
Plate Racks $L?5 Jgyj|||||jj|ja
Made of oak, 18 inches in wiiCX v (vl X \-VV- - % j I
height, 36 inches wide. Two ife^^^./yfe^
shelves. A touch of quaintness M£^JD£)S)WW^
in the making — wooden pegs -¦ :
driven through the notched ends of shelves to hold it together.
§ Reception Chair $9. ?5
Sterling Upholstery
The handsome polished frames and
silk coverings are not 'all. v There is
goodness below the covers where you
can't see it — gf>od springs and plenty
* of them, honest workmanship, hair
filling. They are covered in new all
\>»-,« >v, -^ j( silk tapestries and plenty of patterns to
I ;^^^^^is^S^ , choose from — no trouble on that score.
I cl W wr I ur Tnon t tl lll carload of
I -js .A ''~=^\^ Richmond Ganges
I i§ 'ST-- * ~.\\ '^ arrived last Thursday. A RICHMOND
H -^^.'- — — 1- -^-" y for all around satisfaction and fam ily hap- •
P pinrss. Tico veto patterns — big 900 pounders
p double ovens— for' succcssfvl hotel keeping.
j h &, M Lamps UrnBrello
jj Probably you have read the W\ _,* I _ d^ i A E^
I I?radley & Hubbard adver- JKQCIvSj tyk^rO '
I tisements in the magazines? -
P B & H lamps usually cost a <*¦
I little more than others — worth . % . ,
I more, too— like the best of IHmll' " *
t anything. WaM Ml '•' W\
*| We're clearing out the odd I'll^jjlfi ''
I ones this week at prices that . ?f^ W{-
1 .put the "trashy" lamps p2g8;P,
S around town to shame. ¦ a
g A ' ' Wedgewood' ' lamp that
% was $9.00 for $5.75- Rainy weather soon." An
I A copper and ruby lamp umbrella rack may save your
•I that was $8.50 ..for $5.50 carpet an ugly stain.
8 . , c ±1. *. ¦¦• -\. ' Made of oak, brass drip-pan. S
I And a score of others at just . r |
I such reduction-. 31-4-5 ||^jpB \
» We'd bc^lad to have you open an account wiih us r
R 'Youcan make payments to suit your convenience. I
fl * - opposite McAllister.- 4- * a'METHODIST CONFERENCE EXPRESSES
DEEP SORROW OVER NATION'S LOSS
Hi* first work ln. the new world was ln
Teutopolis, 111., where he spent several
yearn. Later he was transferred to St.
Iritis. Then come the plague of yellow
fever at Memphis in 1873, and he took up
hla abode in the city from which people
were fleeing by thousands. He contracted
the fever and was -pronounced dead at
one time, but recovered. As soon as he
was able to be about the streets he was
again a familiar figure, administering to
every one. He made more sick calls than
any other priest in the whole city. •
In 1878, when the plague broke -out again
with increased fury, the father was in a
Minnesota town, 'Officiating as, priest. A
dispatch from his superior i in Memphis
brought" him back to the pest-ridden city
in August, the plague being at its height.
This time twenty-two fellow priests
dropped by his side, he being the only
Franciscan surviving in the city. When
a sick call was . announced he was the
first to respond. When a priest was
stricken he was invariably called to ad
minister the last rites. Th© people of
Memphis called him the "hero of Mem
phis,", a title of esteem, he would have
worn to the end had he remained there.
Never was he known to vaunt his deeds.
He was the son of a wealthy German
professor in a royal gymnasium' of Ger
many. Vreden was his birthplace. H©
came to Santa Barbara in 1894 and spent
a year in San Francisco, taking treat
ment for his eyes. In 1897 he received a
fall while superintending the construction
of a wing to the Old Mission here for the
use of the college. The injury was be
lieved to be fatal and he was anointed
but lingered on three years, totally help
less, but the most patient of sufferers
The funeral will take place at the mis
sion chapel at 7 o'clock on Monday morn
ing. " The remains will be interred in the
ancient inclosure in the mission court.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. H.-Perhapn
no more faithful follower of St. Fronds
ever walked, the earth than the quiet jun
auumlng Father Aloyslu* Wiever, who
llca dead ln the Old Mission to-night at
the ago of 63. During the years of his life
In America, which date from 1853, when
he came to this country with Father
Hlltermann, he devoted hit time almost
wholly to the care of the sick and ailing.
Bpecl&l Dtipatcta to Th« Coil.
Labored to Aid the
Suffering.
Summons Opmes to One Who
s • ~ ¦ , ' ¦ .
¦. . . ». — : — •
Father\Aloysius Wiever
Expires in Santa
*i$ ; Barbara.
DEATH CLOSES
NOBLE CAREER
LEADING PARTICIPANTS IN THE
METHODIST CONFERENCE AT
PACIFIC GROVE. i &~
dard Electric Company of California. 5The
defendants in one action are the Bowie
Estate Company, J. H. P. Howard, Agne3
Howard Hayne, S. Duncan Hayne, Wil
liam H. Howard, A. S. Baldwin, the Hi
bernla Savings and Loan Society, William
P. O. Brewer, and the Fulton &. Ross
Lumber •' Company. - In; tha other action
the defendant is Miranda E. Mills; admin
istratrix of the estate of -Robert Mills, de
ceased. The actions are brought to con
demn rights of way for^a double line of
poles and wire3 to carry the electric cur
rent from. Blue Lakes, to San Franciseo.
New Mexico "Wants Statehood.
SANTA FE, N. M., Sept. 14.— Governor
Otero has issued a proclamation for a
statehood convention, to be held October
15 r.c Albuquerque. ¦ ¦ .
DENVER. Sept. 13. -W;. C. Brown, gen
eral manager of the Lake Shore and Michi
gan. Southern Railroad,:- one of -the oldest
branches of the Vanderbilt system, who is
returning East with his family, after an
outing, at Glenwood Springs, denied all
knowledge of the reported organization In
New York of a new company under one
head to < control all the Vanderbilt lines.
He admitted, however, that for some time
the trend has been in that direction and
that the managements of the roads em
braced Jn the system .have long expected
all the roads to be brought directly under
the management of one president, that of
the New York Central. .
Arranging.. New JVanderbilt . System.
The afternoon session of the conference
was taken up with the examination of
candidates for deacons and elders orders
The following were passed and will be
ordained by Bishop McCabe to-morrow
Deacons— Amen Jung, Hugh Baker, James
L. Case, John M. Robinson, Carl M. War
ner, John D. Simmons. Charles O Ox
nam; elders— John J. Pardee, Harry W
Baker, Ernest Winning, Harry E. Mllnes]
Robertson Burley, Yoshl Suke Sacon
Chan Lok Cang. '
The most important action of the morn
ing was the rejection of the proposed
church constitution, the vote standing 78
for to 66 against, a three-fourths majority
being necessary to carry It. The consti
tution was proposed at the last general
conference and is being submitted to all
annual conferences.
Bishop McCabe, ' a thirty years' friend
of President McKinley, spoke of him
with great emotion, and at times during
the mornins? was so overcome by grief
as to be almost unable to proceed.
The State shoot of the First Regiment
Infantry, to have been held to-day, has
been postponed until further notice owing
to the death of President William Me-
Postpones Its Shoot.
Owing to the death of President McKinley
we desire to express cur deep feeling of sym
pathy for the United States and the respect
due the memory of the noble hero whose life
has come to such sad and untimely end. -
The members of the Hidalgo Club yes
terday decided to postpone the celebra
tion of the ninety-first anniversary of the
independence of Mexico until further no
tice. The club passed the following reso
lution:
Headcans Postpone Celebration.
The Swedish togr-of-war club decided to
postpone Its picnic scheduled for to-day
until September 29. on account of the
death of the President. ¦
Picnic Is Postponed.
The anirulsb. which the nation has felt ever
since the commission of the diabolical act has
bo deepened by the sad culmination that the
people are well nlKh prostrated. This is a
sorrow which affects all. : and It is eminently
proper that those who officially reoresent the
public should make suitable expression of the
sense of affliction. In a government like ours
—a government of laws and not of men— it Is
appropriate under the peculiar circumstances
attending- the demise of President McKinley
that such -words as have just been so. elo
quently spoken should be uttered in a public
forum. These sentiments must find a response
In the heart of every honest man and every
lover of free Institutions.
VLet lt.be entered upon the minutes that on
motion the court adjourned out of respect to
the memory of William McKinley, late Presi
dent of the United States of America.
In the course of his remarks Mr. Alford
said that the United States had lost onu
of its greatest chief executives and tne
world one of the sweetest, purest and
loveliest characters that ever blessed it
by his presence or grieved it by his death.
Judg-e I)lbble seconded the motion and
In dolng*BO delivered a beautiful tribute
to the late chief executive of the nation.
In granting the motion Judge Lawlor
said: i V .
When the department of the Superior
Court presided over by Hon. William P.
Lawlor opened for its usual business yes
terday. Assistant District Attorney AI
ford arose and asked for an adjournment
out of respect to the memory of the late
President. c \ . .
row at the Great Loss to This
Nation.
Court and Counsel Express Their Sor-
C B. Alexander Has Confidence in
; . Mr- Roosevelt and His Enlight
ened Conservatism.
"* <X B. Alexander, a well-known New
Tork Jawyer. and the husband of the
fiaugrhter of the late Charles Crocker of
; "-this city, yesterday paid the following:
tribute to President Roosevelt:
I have the utmost confidence ln th« wisdom
and character of ilr. Roosevelt and in hl«
¦ enlightened conservatism. He will follow out
tht line* 'already laid down by his lamented
predecessor, modified only by changes ln the
rltuatlon Of affairs from time to time. I bc
• Here that Mr. Roosevelt's course ln regard to
¦ : the financial affairs of the Government will be
¦wise and prudent. Mr. Roosevelt's father was
'• one of th© most eag&clous business men of the
day, and his »on has inherited his father's
- Juflg-ment ln 6uch matters. Mr. Roosevelt has
-'always risen to the duties of any position to
¦which he has been called by the will of the
' j-eop'e. He was an admirable Governor of the
• Etate of New Tork.
3STTW YOEK ATTOEJTBY
PRAISES HKWf PRESIDENT
: Mrs. "William McKinley. Buffalo. N. T.: With
«verwhelmln« Borrow, with a grief too deep
for •words; the California Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, now In session at
Pacific Grove, Cal., haa heard this morning o£
the passing .away of your illustrious husband,
our beloved President. In eplrit we bow with
yon et his clde and blend with yours our peti
tions *<> our -heavenly Father for divine conso-
expressive of profoxin.4 grief at tha n&~
tion's great affliction and ordering the fol
lowing telegrams of condolence sent ¦ to
Mrs. McKinley and President Roosevelt:
JUDGE LA\*TLOB ADJOITBNS
COTJK.T OTJT OF RESPECT
lation, -which alone is adequate for such a cor
row as this.
CHARLES C. McCABE, President.
JAMES H. N. WILLIAMS. Secretary.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, Buffalo, N. T. : The
California Conference of the Methodist Epis
copal Church, ln session at Pacific Grove, Cal..
mo\-ed with sorrow In the loss euatatned by you
and the nation in the death of President Wil
liam McKinley. desires to assure you of Its con
fidence in your ability and high purposes, and
pledges you loyalty as the successor of our de
parted President.
CHARLES C. McCABE. President.
JAMES H. N. WILLIAMS. Secretary.
REDWOOD CITY;; Sept. C 14,-Two.con
demnation suits were [ commenced - in ; the
Superior. Court here ¦ to-day, by. the Stan-
Two Condemnation Suits.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 14.— John M.
Kearse, who recently, arrived from Ma
nila on the United-States ship. Petrel, is
in this city on a furlough of seven days,
which will be spent with , his parent?.
Kearse left here six years ago and has
had a thrilling .experience. . When the
late war broke out . he went- from Wash
ington; with the immunes to Santiago and
participated in several skirmishes. . From
Cuba- he enlisted .in the "navy and .went
to Manila. -where he has been for- nearly
three years.- Kearse- and James Beil,
another young man of .Uncle Sam's navy,
were given a public reception by the local
Red Cross . Society. ; . . , , ; y; . ':• ' ,. ' •
Reception to Naval Hero.
agers of the Napa' State Hospital to-day
elected Dr. 1>. F. Dozier, formerly -first
assistant physician, to succeed Dr. A. M.
Gardner as resident physician. The action
was entirely unexpected.. ". . '
State Hospital Managers . Select' < Dr.
. . L.' F. Dozier.to Succeed
'Dr. Gardner. *
i NAPA, Sept. 14.— The Board of Man-
1TETW PHYSICIAN NAMED
5* FOR THE NAPA ASYLUM
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association was accompanied by three of
ficers, M. F. Tighe, secretary; J. E.
Pierce trustee, and Ben I. Davis of 'the
executive board. They went to the: of
fice of the American Tin Plate Company,
President Schwab of the Steel- Corpora
tion having informed Shaffer- that J all
further negotiations would have to be
conducted with the officers of companies
direotly concerned.
'The Amalgamated Association officers
were met at the American Tin-Plate Com
pany's office by the following officers of
that company: Daniel G. Reed, president;
W. T. Graham, first vice president; War
ner Ames, second vice president, and -W.
M. Leeds, third vice president. The Amer
ican Sheet Steel Company, was repre
sented by its president, M. MacArthur,
and the American . Steel Hoop Company
was represented by I. W. Jenks, manager
of the company's mill. W. E. Cory, pres
ident of the Carnegie Steel Company,
was also present duringvpart of the con
ference. ,. . - , ..-.
It was learned, however, .from an au
thoritative source that no concessions
were made by the United States Steel
Corporation. It was also learned that the
Amalgamated' Association gave up its
right to control in the following mills:.
The Crescent, Irondale, Chester, Star,
Monongahela, Demmler and Monessen
mills of the American Tin Plate Com
pany; the Canal Dover, Hyde Park^ Old
Meadow, Saltsburg, L>ewees Wood and
Wellsville mills of the. American : Sheet
Steel Company; the Painter, McCutcheon
and Clark mills of the American Hoop
Company, the Joliet and Milwaukee mills
of the Federal Steer Company and all of
the mills of the American Tube Company.
The full terms of the settlement were
not divulged.- and it was announced that
this was in accordance with an agreement
by the parties to the conference, to the
effect that no statement would be made
until President Shaffer of the Amalga
mated Association issued his order to the
men to return to work. • This will be done
to-morrow, Sunday, when he reaches
Pittsburg, whither he went immediately
after the conference..
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.^The great steel
strike, which be'gan on, June 30, ' was
brought to an end at a conference held,to
day between the leaders of, the Amal
gamated Association and officers of the
subsidiary companiea of the United
States Steel Corporation. An - agreement
was signed under which 'the men will re
turn to work-in the mills that have. been
idle on Monday morning. The announce
ment was made at the office in this city
of the American Tin Plate Company,
where the conference was held. . -
Terms of .Peace Are
Agreed Upon at a
Conference.:; :
STEEL STRIKE
IS AT AN END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
21
PACTFIC GROVE, Sept. 14.— The
California Methoditt Eplicopal
Conference aB*embled for to-day'»
K-:t-J'jti in <3ccp- sorrow, and th©
first action after tlio body was
<a!Jrd to order was thopaeilnar of a rcno-
Jution offfrcd \>y Dr. Evani of fitocAton
, Sends a Message of Condolence to Mrs. McKinley and Assures President
Roosevelt of Confidence^ His Ability and High Purposes-Proposed
New Church Constitution Fails of the Necessary Two-Thirds Majority
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready lor ' distribution about
September 23. _ .
Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a copy of this fine
book at the premium price of
. $1.50. None ;but CALL read-
ers 'are entitled to the Atlas.
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BB
READY FOR ALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QBAPE-NTJTS.
| Special food |
I for Brains |
rdrape-Nuts I
I Healthy Brains %
51 ' Make a fat &
I- T Pocket Book S
I •. ¦ •¦¦' • • : 8
W. W.- MONTAGUE £ CO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
e • •- \jf I i-rf -4^ 1 l| V UUd • •
¦ ."/ - ¦ \ 'y ' ¦BLUE-iF'LAWIE.' ". ¦ -r ¦'->,. •
• - rViTJTH; OR* WITHOUT WICKS.
•_ NO ODOR. •- -':¦:'<•: :¦¦ W ; -.-" . > ; : :--' :V -. Y- -l<" --
noImSkI: 309 to 3JJ Market Street.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
\ '^S^^^mM/MS^ special sale in corsets. I
8 M y^A^ry^%j^<J '* Others make tren-.endous efforts, claim to C
¦ >^!^M&UkjBm //k^***}xiy///&n/A offer a ran &° of low P rice3 » nnd when you B
¦^^^^^^SSiL I 'r* JyrwJgZZ? V come t0 examine and compare, It Is £ound that our reg- Q
W^~ = £l Tw&Ri&BixA '" ' y^XtodEy £±~- «lar prices am less than their specials. Hero la a list I
|?^j ' ** 3^y I§^~ °' our 8 P ccial " thnt can>t bo eat> P
H [r^ / j^^^- First we have the well known and much favored rA
¦g^^ — /^f ==> Majesty Corset. fl
K^^A toSISJ^L j^^^"N" Foratout flgures it has no equal. It is made of R
K^^^^\ /^- /^"^^"Sj very best French cloth, boned- throughout with very B
H ''^^VTf/' //£Xss. l)CI!t tcm P erc<I - «tfcl, and flits to the figure. It comes '.n M
M v* IL fur ihbrt, medium and extra long* lengths, and la guarr »• m
¦ vSfcL \\V ' teed for threo Jn fl nth»— that is, if a bone breaks wit' ain R
¦ • ' %" /^" N n that time we replace it with a new corset. Popularly a
m ....-« m j «li .,M - Tancy Corsets to suit the mos: ftj
§ No Woman* However Beautiful of Face, Can Read This — Ribbon for Just Half. exacting of dainty corset-wearer* 0
I Afford to Have an Angular Form. Jk\°*X™ L Z?Z 5S?S!e7 Best at pric " equally -ult(U5le * fi
D /6s< However angn- Tt/i/ifVi 1^*% 1 -«•»_« _•... NEW STRAIGHT ••• M
¦ ffl^v lar the form, our width £2 lit mJi C s S!f« FRONT CORSEI'S. made /^Pt> M
i ftf^ J$ti new ALASKA Width No. 1% ISOc Apiece ot flowe red couttl. bias kg* V H
¦ ivl^k^— -^MdfA DOWN PADS are .. ..' . ' cut, hand gornl. new Wy U
M \\^ :^WfiX s M^ i '^h} warranted to give MlIS II UndBTWeaf tlPnartmPnt fliire bust, medium hips. jj C |1
B iMlMfflr '' r( > unded appear- The critical women of San Frar.cl«co comes in pink, blue and /^r*i £j
B v i^^^x anco so essential recognize the merit of our offerings lavender; lace trimmed, / /Y^*>^ P
B v^^_^- to the well gowned - and come here with the knowledge well boned and steeled. \.V*j>J,/';« ¦
ml woman. They are made of very best that they are sure to be satisfied with Thla price Is a source of Stfr+iiti - ' -¦
Eg woven silvered wire and feather bone, the workmanship, quality and prices wonder to the corset «. H
a which makes them light and sanitary; offered by us world $2.OO »
B no heavy hair or padding; it Is mad© . now'T overlook tuic
¦ torff' d Helfi"iia a iSpe 1 Sfve i :!g5 B c ¦¦ Underskirts. Underskirts. a °£So corbetnovTs Ifoc. |
1 Something New In the Glove Line. O f UN ? e ?? s^ T lon^ ' 'M J^ JSS I
m LOOKS LIKE AND FITS LIKE Cambric: 20-lnch fiance of P n e^. S J^if h uJ T °^ e %« Ct *™£ h > CXtr S B
¦ SUEDE3-BUT WEARS THREE Normandy lace insertion, i[#fV S a w o a '^ Hi Ptui lo=t^ ared t b " 3 J. well H
¦ TIMES AS LONG-AT QUARTER fleur de lis or floral pat- T53 • ¦SftSt.S n,t SS J^S-pS I ' H™ I
B THE PRICE OF KID GLOVES. tern, finished with laco J^-^X K?5 m Zn±J£ % V? T °*hi St ** 1 *; An up "i?" H
a It's the new TAFFETA GLOVE, edge to match, extra dus; da , te corset at the mos t reasonable £¥
B 'made -of best Black Silk Taffeta or ruffle full length, extra K&yoJsr p *" M.Ol) a
¦ Black Lisle, two clasp, stitched back wide. "Guaranteed to please SSSa'Ssv'' A Sample of Low Se-lling Equalsd bv Kcne KSk
¦ and double tipped finger ends. War- at this price— S2. 19, in- iy Ever before he:ir of a $100 'PART- H
¦ ranted .fast color and, to give entire stead of $3 50. 8 SIAN CORSET, made of good Italian 9
R satisfaction. • Note this price uOc Also, LADIES' CHEM- cloth, well boned, rust-proof steeled ¦'¦§
K i.j ur n n«n>+ c^mHU I iWn n«« n Ulhnr, ISE ' maa e of soft bleached muslin, and lace trimmed, selling for ."»Oe E
B Antl We DOn I FOrget tne Llltie OlieS Wlien yoke .cluster tucks and embroidery in- Colors pink, blue, black and white. M
m Wa km Piuinrr Dortfoine eertion trimmed, neck and sleeves fin- . Sale at Q'Farrea-street entrance. £^3
Bj TIC Ale oiling DalgdlllOi lshed with good, strong embroidery; * . . »
¦ child's ferris- >v .'• and inexpensive .....5Oc Trpmpndnns nf HsjnrfVprphiofc rs
1 rutmy TS Fren^ d c e ioth° f SaIe &t Jrii^t entrance. • g^SSS! SI? St Wr S'al, I
B attaohment two rows of &$& p ij n t il n • i t i I n j n ! j times sood -values—extra values. But M
i button? seweJ iTn with good! M^L S 0 1 (J BetON the Printer's Ink Had Dried, the values at this sale greater than g
I Kef it u SSpo.affi tX (mM : Our Last Lot of Cushion Tops. ci^FL^^^t N h D] S ER - 1
B hnttnn« tn h vp -wnv whpn \v v Vi. -_ CrllEFS, made of best Irish linen, ew
¦ laundered Little nrice for V - IS? But fortunately we have been able plain, neat, hemstitched, quarter 01 fi
B tVi imi* nnpt* price^ior .-« jf to rep eat the deal and on Monday we half inch hem. The price la conve- fl
El tne ntiie ones -<>c w Hi place before you the most hand- nient, too ..(>!ic(S
H ORn Incfoari nf tl flfl Valnoa some lot of cushion tops yet offered at fflf
¦ idZ inSTeau OT $ ,UU— oiunnmg Valuer this price. . c P u| n , nut nnr FMfhprflna* Prpnanfnn V
H j- ei,j,4 Wakfe • ' They are made in a variety of styles OBIIlng UUI UUI rraUIBl flOdS nBparaiOn B
M 111 OHHl IIOIOIO. x on denim, canvas and Italian cloth; fn Rpttinir in PlIT Fflll <sfnrW W
M ««flW «S^. 1 S??,',R5 1 1 S e TTS? o TSR golf girls, caddies, coons, flowers and IB BBUlDg W tUr rail dlOM. W
M SPY HERE NEVER HAR. AND different subjects, all suitable for Hence th= Following Barjinin : a
N E J5v J^lw^iJ 1 dainty pillows, some to be worked out REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOA- 9
H *«Mfn»r ? rktw w oht n m ln fancy silks, others complete as they Extra long fiber, VA. yards long, color ¦
E9 (%w»t\\ LA DIES SHIRT are# Some of these tops should brin;-r gray or black. The feathers are we Si
B fMi'VAV VAISTS - made of best per- as mU ch as 50 cents; all to be sold at curled and will not readily uncurl, fir. »
fi /Ui^lK^ caleSl in strlped or fl gured one price ......lOe luster. Were $15-00. Now Sl-.(h K
¦ (u^Jlt ??) effect > some plain French • W
B| vXj**^«i/ backs, others tucked back, ¦/¦&¦¦ m AJMiHinfim A OI/? TVT A DVUT CTDrrT E3
Bj N^ ' v full front, adjustable col- IflE UflvtirelllEOf" ci*^ lllArlJ\.lj I Olnlitl, H
m'mBtoB.t.^ha&'c^^ffii JUt nUd Ln! 0 LllU Runnin 9 «»W* * « OrarreU. I
Bj lavender and red figure or stripe. Un- __ ., -, , ••«flu **»^ dhcti *m ritii r»iiwr» »
¦J equaled at this price .........25c .'¦ Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. 1
I Friedman g F^umiture \
A perfectly lovely
I Room often owes its air of completeness to a"
I big, center rug. If you've a room that "seems |
a to lack something, a rug may solve the problem. -
j And. the rug is here—
S U/iltnh DfinQ 9X I2 f5et ' usual price 42.50, m* week— *y*y ca
j .fVIUUll nuyj Rich colors In Oriental or flower pattern. **^"^ v ¦
I High pile, velvet body. If you have a room for one you 11 surely want It. •
I U/lBtnn RlIfK 8-3x10-6, «lls for 37.50, this week for— *}J C A "
I fTIUUII IIUIJO Among the richer patterns Is embellish-^* -vlU
m ment for library or drawing-room, among the plain ones for the office— the <
H quality is' the same — Wilton, Oriental or flower designs.
I M/lltnn DlinQ 6x9 fe=t, usual price 25.00, this week— |T Af|
I If II lUII Ktiyo B ig enol jgh for a medium sized room and " • v v.-
¦ good enough for any room. - Wilton wearing qualities are unsurpassed. A
H to delight you for years. Your choice of color or pattern.
1 DfinC 9xi2feet, sells for 26.00, this week— IO rn
I OIIIJ I IIU ItUyo : Woo]) both sides alike, thick and soft. iUi JU jj
1 Qmvma DimC 9x 10 feet, sells for 22.50, this week—|r nn
I Olllj I HO Kllyo Same as ab p y e. Variety of pattern. . ; 1O.UU •
/II I Ol|UaS VO A i| woo i t f r i n g e d edges, many patterns. ' '"U \
Aft 8 " 3 xlo " 6 » selIs for 9-45, this, week^fbr— C Cf> •
rtl I OlJUail/J Take the place of carpet or save a fine one. O.UU ¦
Apt Qfill^PPQ -9X9^=0 sells for 8.10, this week for— C (\f\ .
t\l I OqUUI C/O . B ig enough for small dining-room.' ' O.vP U '
t^v "I Furnishings ought to Interest you now
§-Cf=k|7| t*O(r^TT1 that the cool weather is so close at
•JLJ\sXJL± KJ KJ Jill K2nd — they are an important part . of - :
the Drapery DepartmentJ Warmest-
blankets of every weight. Comforts for comfort and beauty, from cotton
- filled silkaline, to heavy quilted silk, in rich colors, filled with eider down.
Always something to interest; always welcome in the Drapery Department.
- «« The Credit House." ' Six Stories High.
H ' o-n.oT.-jTr JUT* \\ #^^_.j > 1 ,' Ttlephcne
»!¦ II *«?•' ' " S
ee *-' sw pllen feet, rheumatic feet, itching ffi|
il feet, tired feet and aching feet — corns, Wm
||i bunions, etc.— there is no remedy so quickly il
jg|S curing and relieving as . .; • ~ ||
if
1 1 Wonderful Pain Remover. I §
|| Rub this remarkable medicine on your feet and in
||B you will be well before you realize it— you will be H§3
mB - W ?N almost at once. Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover ifi
fall ™'^ remove the pain and discomfort and make walk- . ftw
II inp: or standing a real pleasure. ' wjl
affl All druggists sell, Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover In
h ' Bm ¦ — Soc and $i.oo a bottle.:" Some may try to. talk you |n
'II out °* i*. but don't permit them ta.- ;If dru^jjists ' jaPf
Bra won't give it to you send direct to. HalpninerMedi-'"«H
|| cal Manufacturing Co., 28 California street. Tele- Hflfl
''¦ gig phone orders /delivered— Bush 463. - : Hff
II "Dr. W. S. Halpruner: " §}k[
|| "Please send me one bottle of your Pain Remover. BE
¦ B I find It the only relief' for my rheumatic gout. . |1Petitions in insolvency 'were filed yes
terday in the United States District
Court as follows: Nell Jolihson, masseur,
San Jose, liabilities $1118 50, assets $2062;
Mary Reid, restaurant, Sacramento, lia
bilities $8605, assets $5045. '
i Petitions in Insolvency.
Edward H. Schwerin applied :tor letters
of administration on the estate of Henry
Schwerin yesterday. The estate Is valued
at $75,000 and consists of property known
as the Schwerin ranch in San Mateo
County, 190 acres known as the Schwerin
tract in San Mateo County and several
lots located in San Francisco. There are
eight heirs at law mentioned in the peti
tion. :
Wants Letters of Administration.
j The bonds of Mrs. Ella. Murray, admin
istratrix of the estate of Almira S. Town
send,' have been reduced from $625,000 to
$5000 by an order issued by Judge Troutt.
I Mrs. Murray In her petition to the court
showed that the value of the estate now
remaining in her hands was $33,000, and
that, ' considering that an order of court
was required before 'she could touch it,
the original bonds were excessive.
Administratrix of Almira S3. Town
send's Estate Petitions Court*
for Reduction.
JUDGE TROUTT REDUCES
MRS. MURRAY'S BONDS
M. McDonald and P. McKlnnon vs. M. Maher
and M. McXelll: H. H. Lissner and J. J.
Kavanaugh vs. "W. Walsh and W. H. Sleberst:
P. Ryan and D. Connelly vs. G. B. Hayward
and J. Lawless; J. Ward and E. J. Sweeney
vs. W. H. Egan and W. Ward; J. Glynn-and
E. White vs. R. Regll and W. Mitchell : J.
Condon and T. Foley vs. T. . Leach and T.
Lydon; J. Riordon and W. Fisher vs. J. Har
low and M. Dillon; J. White and W. Magulre
vs. J. Collins and E. Curley; J. Feeney and
A!. J. Kflgallon vs. R. Linehan and R. Murpliy.
The following players will meet In the
San Francisco handball courts to-day:
Entries for Handball.
The Bay City Wheelmen, under Captain
A. E. J. Nye, will hold their annual run
to Irvlngton to-morrow. The members
will be the guests of the Salazar brothers.
It was also decided to postpone the
Baker & Hamilton trophy race until the
29th inst. This will eive the various clubs
an opportunity to get their teams In con
dition for the race, which has been one
of the big events in the cyclists' calendar.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the California Associated Cyclists Fri
day night M. C. Rambo of the Bay City
Wheelmen was appointed 'chairman of the
racing board to succeed F. G. Monte
alegre, resigned.
Fifth race, seven furlonge, . three-year-olds
and upward— Helen Smith 105, Lucidla 105 Mike
Rice 106, Rlngrmaster 106. Elfonse 105. Jim Mc-
Cleevy 114, Billy Moore 111, Howard 10$.
Fourth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds—
Evea G 105. Arthur Ray 100, Inocencia 109
Parizade 105. Royalty 105.
Third race, eJx furlongs. Golden Gate handi
cap, three-year-olds and upward— Mike Strauss
Si. Sir Dougal 112. Kitty Kelly 96, David S 111.
Good Hope 107.
&econd race, nVe and a half furlonps, three
year-olds anfl upward — Sugden 109. Saul of
Tarsus 109, The Gaffer 103. Master Cal 103 Fire
light II 109. Del Vista 109. Flamero 109. '
First race, mile heats— three in five. 2:14 trot—
Claudius. Dan W, Alte Velo. Oslto, Lynall
Boydello.
Following are the entries:
J. W. Brooks, racing secretary of the
California Jockey Club, is to preside in
the judges' stand, and F. E. Mulholland
will dispatch the fields in the running
events.
The mixed harness and running horse
race meet of the Golden Gate Society will
open at Emeryville track to-morrow. The
pick of the harness horses which appeared
at the recent State Fair meeting will be
seen booked up. together with all of the
better class of gallopers. J. Ransch, Hoar,
Ruiz and Eurlingame are some of the
riders who will be seen in the saddle.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR RACE
MEET OPENS TO-MORROW
CYCUSTS NAME CHAIRMAN
OF THE RACING BOARD
¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Pruggiats, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 40« Clay. •
', Merchants, Miners, Mechanics and > Farmers
all drink Jefse Moore Whiskey in' preference to
Any; other brand.*. -.,-.-. -, . . •
. The" Chamber, of Commerce /met yester
day morning and -selected L. F. Weaver
of the firm , of Stiidebaker Brothers > to
represent the organization at the obse
quies of President McKinley. pi Suitable
resolutions will be adopted and forwarded
to* the; proper officials within a day ~br
two. Mr. • Weaver left for the East last
nlcht.: -;-. ¦•¦,¦ / -"..- . - -. .. :
To Be ' Present at Obsequies.
The special boxing bouts which.'were to
have been decided at the Olympic Club
next Wednesday night have been post
poned indefinitely. ¦ i ¦¦
The clambake at Paradise | Cove, which
had been arranged k by members of the
San Francisco Yacht Club for to-day, will
not. take place. . Another date will be fixed
later in the season. ',
¦ The j final trap-shooting meeting , of the
season/scheduled for to-day -at . Ingleslde
grounds under ¦ the . auspices of the Olym
pic 'Gun Club, has , been , postponed ' until
next- Sunday, owing to - the President's
death. : •¦ ¦¦"' -:¦ ' v' ' ' '¦¦^ l -,•'¦. '
Sporting Events Postponed.
J George ! Fisher, an ex-convict, entered a
building, at Jones and Chestnut streets
yesterday and stole a watch from the vest
of W. S. Boldt. Boldt saw Fisher, leaving
and caught him. He was handed over to
Policeman Anderson and booked at the
City Prison on a charge, of burglary. A
gold chain was also found in his pocket,
and another charge of burglary was reg
istered against ¦ him. Fisher was , sent to
San Quentin in 1891 for seven years for
burglary. . ' . . ;
, Arrested for Burglary.
; Endcllffe Lita, the Boston terrier pur
chased from I* A. Klein '¦ by the ¦ well
known breeder of ' bull " terriers," Albert
Joseph, has whelped seven- puppies to
"Walter 'Magee'B dog Winner. ! Mr. .. Jos
eph's other Boston terrier, Lady Montez,
lias been bred to Mrs. Carlton's Tremont.
A." G. Glenn's mastiff Cleopatra, winner
of the blue ribbon at the San Francisco
show of 1900, has whelped four dogs, and
two bltche.s to \V. E. Meek's champion
California Cube. Mr. Meek, however, has
had the misfortune to lose by death' his
mastiff Hebe. Montez. She escaped from
her kennel and picked up a dose of poison
intended for gophers. . ' *
-There can. be no doubt that the interest
in' kennel matters has been vastly stimu
lated by the fall shows to be held this
: year in California. Fanciers are -already
; beginning to j get their dogs Into trim for
the Oakla,nd show, which will not be held
.until December. George Bell has been
selected to judge the bulk of the classes.-
If he consents to serve the choice Will un
doubtedly bring out an enormous • entry,
as he is "well known ¦, and liked. Many
dogs are being brought tp ,the coast, to
compete in these shows and it is possible
an entire string will come from the East.
Entries for the bench show of the Sixth
Agricultural Association .to be | held' at
Los October 3, i 4, 5 and 6, will
close. at 10 p. m. on the night of the 23d
lnst..- Applications for entry blanks and
premium lists should be addressed to D.
J...'- Sinclair,'; superintendent, 226 South
Spring street, Los Angeles. -.
tions So Far Scheduled.
tatives in Trim for the Exhibi-
Are Already Getting Their Represen-
WINTER BB2TCH SHOWS
i : STIMULATE DOG-OWNERS
Colonel Heuer of the United States De
bris Commission, State Debris Commis
sioner Waggoner - of Placer County, Dis
trict Attorney IMnsmore of Yuba County,
State Mineralogist Aubury, Lieutenant
Governor, Jacob H. Neff and! others dis
cussed the situation in all its details. Sec
retary ' Benjamin and .R. C. Clarke were
appointed a committee to see: O'Brien and
try, to induce him to settle on such terms
a3 might bring the purchase of all lands
within the amount of the 4 appropriation.
' Professor Christie suggested the ap
pointment of a committee to prepare suit
able resolutions upon the death of Presi
dent " McKinley, " to be presented to the
annual convention. Chairman Voorhies
will". name the committee In a few days.
It -will be composed of a number of the
members of the association who took part
as^electors and alternates In the proceed
ings leading up to the. choice of the Presi
dent. •-.. , ¦ .- -•
Steps are to be taken by the executive
committee of the California State Miners'
Association, which met last evening, to
begin legal proceedings against the coun
ties now giving financial aid to the Antl-
Debris Association. The proposition came
from an attorney who claims to have been
successful in preventing payments in one
county to the association and expressed
his confidence to do the same eleswhere.
The matter will be taken up in time to
present. a report to the annual convention
on its feasibility. . i
Considerable attention was given to the
matter of the acquirement of lands along
the Feather and Yuba rivers for the con
struction of barriers and impounding
dams. Congress appropriated $10,000 for
the acquirement of property and the
State of California a like amount. Op
tions were secured on a large portion of
land needed. These options expire on Oc
tober 22, .and one O'Brien, who holds the
key, to the situation, has been acting stub
bornly with the commission.
California State Miners' Association
Meets' and Discusses Construction
of Itebris Barriers.
STUBBORNNESS OF O'BRIEN "
RETARDS IMPROVEMENTS
¦ -Second round— Controller beat Faraway, (5-6:
Sir Lawrence beat Red Rock. 15-9: Annie Hall
beat Fontenoy. 4-1; • Ollta beat Forget. ' 12-5 ;
Fannie Hujrhie beat Chicago Boy. 5-4 ; Amedee
beat Master ¦ Workman. 4-0; Retina R -beat
Blackhead., 7-3; Tiburon beat A. J- Martin 10-2:
First Foot beat Naughty. Girl. -.4-3; Flpwer of
Gold beat Haphazard. 3-2; Coronado beat Cas
cade. .42-6: Castaway beat: May • Hempstead.
10-6; Master Rocket beat. Half Moon. 4-0; St.
Ivea beat Kittleman. 6-0; .Tenni» G beat Gold
NuBjcet. 8-2; Boyal Archer b»at Statesman. 9-5:
Tame Tralee beat Golden Russet, 4-3; Sleety
Mist beat Jamew Lick. 4-1/
Open stake: First round— H. Perlgo's Con
troller beat T. J. Cronin's Killarney, ' 12-7; J.
H. Perigo's Faraway beat T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee. 14-7; George Nethercott's ' Red -¦ Rock
beat W. Creamer's Lily Wright, 5-4; F.'- Jones'
Sir Lawrence beat Star Kennels' Pickpocket,'^
11-7; T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall beat George
Sharman's Bowery Boy, 6-3; Star. Kennels'
Fontenoy beat Pasha Kennels' Snapshot. 3-2;
Sterl & Knowles' Oleta beat Chlarini -Bros.'.
Boney Boy, 13-5; F. S. Price's Forsret beat W.
Creamer's Alice Morgan, 6-1; { George Shar
man's Chicago Boy beat T. Kenny's May Boy,
7-2: E. Geary's Fannie Hughle beat T. Rocks'
Ladies' Choice. 6-2; Chiarini Bros.' Master
Workman beat Sterl & Knowles' -Ripple; . 6-0;
T. Barre's Amedee beat J. Kelly's Governor
Mac, 14-6; Star Kennels' Blackhead beat; Ed
Neares' Stayaway, 8-5; T. J. Mclnerney's
Reglna R beat T. J. Cronin's Kitty from Cork,
4-2;'D. J. Healey's Tiburon beat J. BrenXord's
Mountain Beauty, 6-2; H. Lynch's A. J. Mar
tin beat B. Geary's sRuby Sankey, 14-7; A.
Vanderberg's Naughty Girl beat C. V. Peter
son's Lady Nell. 4-0; Edward Neavlns' First
Foot beat A. L. Enderson's Royal Joker, 10-2;
C. O. Peterson's Haphazard, a bye; P. M.
Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat William. Shear's
Liberty Bellr 7-S; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat
A. Vanderwhlte'sLear King, 2-0; J. M. Carroll's
Cascade beat A. VanderwhJte's Montana Belle,"
24-3; Edward Neavls' Castaway beat M.
Nealon's Agamemnon, 5-0; J. M. Halton's May
Hempstead . beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter. 10-7: J. Willis' Half Moon beat J. Lene
han's Bernal Lass. 5-3; B. Silva's Master
Rocket beat P. Rosner's Capewell, . 24-4; George
S sarman's St. Ives beat Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete.- 9-7; J. Moriarity's Kittleman . beat M.
Nealon's Aeneas. 6-1; Pasha , Kennels' Gold
Nu?«ret beat T. ¦ J. Cronin's Rambler, 15-9; T.
J. Cronin's Jennie : G beat J. I. | O'Brien's
Wandering Tom, 14-6; Pasha Kennels' Royal
Archer beatJE. , Geary's .Minnie Sankey, 3-2;
J.. .1. O'Brien's Statesman beat R. Struhl's
Three Cheers. -7-8: Chiarini Bros.' Tame Tralee
beat F. 'G. - Price's Brutus. .5-3: P.- Jackson's
Golden Rusnet beat Pasha Kennels'., Real
Aristocrat, 5-0; A. L. Enderson's James "Lick
beat F. Jones' Lovina. 10-5; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat J. Dean's Marco. 8-2.' '¦•'•.,
In addition to the finals of yesterday's
event a thirty-two-dog open stake will be
decided to-day at the park. The list of
entries gives the event a champion tone.
Winners look to be John Doe, 5 Wedge
wood, Homer Boy, Lady .. Clare, • War
Eagle, Sacramento Boy, ¦ Dewdrop, Har
lean Gladys, Nora, White Hat, Luxor,
Fying Fox, America, Rector and Flood
gate. • . . < ¦
The day's results/with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow: • - '¦•-..•".•
Tame Tralee has a strong backing for
stake honors. His two performances
pleased the. talent, and figuring his easy
position on the card they consider the
young courser a likely candidate.
Winners in the third round look to be
Controller. Annie Hall, Amedee, Tiburon,
First Foot, Castaway, St. Ives, Royal
Archer and Tame Tralee. Annie Hall and
First Foot figure to get well along on the
card.
The first and second rounds of a. sev
enty-two dog open stake were run off yes
terday at Union Park." The talent' was
given a severe shaking up, as throughout
the day's sport seventeen favorites were
retired. The short- ends that landed were
well played and, averaged at good odds.
James Lick, a new performer, secured the
decision from Lovina in a course in which
the wise ones laid 6 to 1 against his
chances.
Figures Tame Tralee a
Winner at Union
Park.
He returned about three months ago,
but made no apparent effort to brace up.
He was married twice.
¦ After leaving the Bulletin he published
a paper of his own, the Sun, in an early
edition of which he made a scurrilous at
tack on the De Young family. Charles de
Young went gunning for him and the two
fought a duel on Wasnington street In
front of the Postofflce. Neither received
any Injury, but one of the bullets from
De Young's pistol took effect in the leg
of a messenger boy. De Young was ar
rested but afterward acquitted.
' Meanwhile Napthaly had turned his
attention to the study of law. He was ad
mitted to the bar. His career as a lawyer
Is a story of petty chicanery. He took to
drink and his downfall was rapid. He
gradually sank to the level of a Police
Court "shyster," and when he left this
city for Honolulu some three years ago it
was as a veritable derelict. The history
of his life In Honolulu Is a repetition of
his San Francisco career.
. When ' released from' the school Charles
de Young, took him under his wing and
placed him on the Chronicle as a reporter.
He left De Young's employ later and took
a position on the Bulletin, where he did
some good work.
harrow path. He waa born In California
fifty-five years ago. An early escapade
gained him, commitment to the Industrial
School: ;- While there his studious dispo
sition attracted, the attention of Captain
J. F.; Morrlll, the superintendent, under
whose care Napthaly gained a fair edu
cation. ¦ - ¦¦¦•' .
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 5, Hartwell
1. Three-base hit— Dougherty. Two-base hits
— Reilly, Atherton, Mosklman,' Drennan. . Sac
rifice hits — Kelly, Mohler. First base on errors
— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 3. First base on called
balls— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 5. Left on bases
— Los Angreles 7, Oakland 7. Struck out— By
Hartwell 3, by Mosklman 2. Double plays —
Atherton to Spies, Reilly to Kelly to | Hutch
inson. Passed ball— Lohman. ¦ Wild pitch—
Hartwell. Time of game— 2 hours. Umpire—
Hardle. - • •
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles '..2 10 5 0 3 0 0 •— 11
Base hits 3 3 0 4:21 1 1 ¦ •— 15
Oakland 0 0 10 0 1 0 0 0—2
Base hits..... 0 0 2 0 0 0 110—4
Totals ::..30 2 .4 1 24 ' 14 6
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. ?pi
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lohmanl c. ........... 3 0 0 0 5 1-0
Mohler. 2b 2 0 0 1 3 '1' 2
Streib. r. f 4 1 0 0 1 0- 0
Eagan, lb and 3b... 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
Drennan, c. f 3 0 10 * 3' .• 1;'O
Francks, ss 2 0 0 0 " 0 3 0
Hansen. lb~:: .... 1 0 0 0 *6 0 "0
Arrellanes, 3b & ss.. 3 0 0 0 0 .' 2 . .1
Mosklman, p 4 1 2 0 0 4 0
Schmidt, 1. f 4 0 1.0 1 0:2
LOS ANGELES.
-¦ ; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill.C. f. ...... 5 ' . 1' 8 1 3 0 0
Reitz, 2b..:.. ....5 3- 2 0 1 4 0
Hutchlnson. lb../... 4 ' 10 0 11 . 2 1
Atherton. r. f........ 5 12 0 1 1 '0
Dougherty, 1. f.. 5 13 0 1 0 0
Reilly. 3b 6 1 1 0 14 0
Kelly, ss..... 3 0 0 0 2 3 1
Spies, c 4 12 0 6 l.'.O
Hartwell, p 3 2 2 0 2 0 1
Totals ...... ..39 11 15 1 27 15 3
OAKLAND.
LOS ANGELES, Sept.- 14.— Moskiman received
a. hart .drubbing .to-day, many hits were
made after errors had placed- men on the bases.
Dougherty made 'his first appearance ¦wtth Los
Angeles and .sprang. Into Instant popularity by
cracking out three hits. : Score:
Lob Axigelea "Wins Easily.
i Totals..: '...33 4 6 0 '27 12 1
. RUNS 'AND HITS BY INNINGS. (I j ¦
San Francisco 0 3 0 0 0 0 10 1—5
: Base hits ....: 11 00 112 12—9
Sacranxento 0 O'O 3 0 0 10 0—4
•Base hits... 0 1 0.2 1.1 1 0 0—6
I ' ' ** .'•¦; SUMMARY. ' . '
I Runs responsible foi" — Iburg 1, Stricklett 2.
Home • run — Reilly. • . Two-bs.se hit — Sheehan.
Sacrifice hit — Hanlon. ., First, base on errors —
San Francisco 1, -Sacramento 1. First : base on
called balls— San .Francisco 1, Sacramento 3.
Left on bases— San Francisco 4. Sacramento 7.
Struck out— By Iburgr - 4, by Stricklett 2, by
¦Whalen 2. Hit by pitcher — Devereaux and Stan
ley. Double play^-Sliay to Pabst. Wild pltchT-
Stricklett. .Time of game-^2.- hours 5 minute*.
Umpire— Levy.-- Of ncial-Boore r— McFarlane. ~w%\
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
D«vereaux,- m... 3 — 1 — 0 ¦- 0-8 • l'-O
McLaughlln, If .5 0 0 0 6 1,0
Shechan, 3b 4, 0 ¦ ,' 2 0. 0 «6 0
Courtney, 2b 3 1.0- 0 8 .'0 :0
Doyle,- rf .4 1 10,300
Stanley, .c. .;;........ 2 c 1 1 .. 0 3 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
McGdcken, cf... 4 0 1,02 0-1
Stricklett, p.......'.'. 4 0" 1 0 0 4 '0
Totals". ..35 6, 9 8 27 11 ' 3
SACRAMENTO. , . ', .
'¦ AB.-R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, cf. ......:.. 4 .• 0 • 1 ;0 2 0, 0
Wilson, c. 4 r.. 0 1 0 -' 7 1 0
Hildebrand, -If.. 4. 0 0 > 0 1 0 0
Schwartz,- rf .'.... 4 0 10 3 0 0
Pabst, ¦ lb.... 3 10 0 10 1 0
Krug. 2b .....4 ' li 10 2 1 0
Shay, 68......;....... 4 , 2 ' 2 1 ( 2 4 2
Reilly. 3b............ 4 1 . 3 . 2 , 1 ! 8 0
Iburs. p.......;...... 3 ,0 ° 0 0 1 ' 0
Whalen, p... ;.. \ <0 0 - 0 0 ' 0 '- 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
. "Chimmie der Whale" was . substituted
for Iburg.in the eighth, in order to give
the latter ¦ a rest. He did not give th-a
Senators a hit, but managed to make an
error out of. an .easy . chance. Following
Is the score: . -.. - . • • ¦ . ¦ < • . ,¦¦
. ; The Lawmakers filled the sacks in the
fourth round and the gong sounded three
times in- their, honor when McGucken and
Stricklett hit 'safely. Devereaux made the
trip in' the seventh, getting hit ' by .a
pitched ball and scoring . on - Sheehau'a
long double. to center.^
- The Germans secured a'bunch of three
runs in the', second by means of a pass;
an error by McGucken and a< four-cushion
swipe by Reilly. In , the seventh -two
singles -and a wild -pitch netted' another,
and : in the last round Shay trotted across
.the. rubber by means of Reilly's lucky
drive. ' .".- ¦ . , . . ; ' . ' ,. . ." '. ... .;.'• •
The principal . feature of the day was
the good work with the willow done by
"Josh 1 ; Reilly. He made three safe hltd,
putting the sphere on 5 the ; other side .of
the boards once when Shay was on the
bases. ¦- - .-, .' o . ¦ • - ; .-- '¦.:.>•*.'.¦ I.
The baseball . game at Recreation
grounds between the German aggregation
and the Capital City sluggers yesterday
was of the see-saw, order until the last in
ning. Joshua Reilly then unraveled one
of Stricklett's twisters and sent Shay
over the plate with the winning run. The
game was a slow one, dragging along for
over two hours. It was not entirely de
void of interest, as the unforeseen kept
happening at close Intervals. Both sidis
executed some clever plays. .
TALENT SELECTS
CR0NIN'S DOG
"I received a letter yesterday informing
me that Attorney A. J. Daly, whorepre-.
sents Jordan, got Judge Noyes to sign the
order aboard the steamer. He probably
kept the papers In his pocket until after
I had left Nome, for neither myself' nor
my clients were notified of the matter up
to the time I left." .".¦¦; ;;•...-•.-"..:
"The idea of issuing an order giving 'the
plaintiffs possession of the property and
directing the United States . Marshal to
eject our clients in the manner Judge
Noyes did is, to my mind, both illegal and
unjust. . :,-. .-¦ • . v. ¦ . ¦'¦-:' •
"Jordan claims title to the ground
through a location which. It is claimed,
died a natural 6eath by the failure of the
locator to perform • the required assess
ment work. He bought the title in Seat
tle and has been attempting ever since to
gain legal possession of the property.
"Judge Noyes left Nome on August 12,
and 'when I left two days later there 'was
nothing to indicate I that he had signed
an order placing Jordan in possession .of
the claims. Judge Noyes' action in this
matter simply means a loss of at least
$75,000 to my clients. Last season he al
lowed the plaintiffs to work the ground,
and out of No. 2 they extracted over $30,
000 worth of gold. I presume they are
now working the property again,- and by
the time the evil is corrected they will
have practically worked out the claims. •
Attorney H. M. Wright of this city, who
was the legal adviser of Lane and Dav
enport at Nome this summer, when seen
yesterday in reference to the matter said:
"I was very much surprised to ' learn
that Judge Noyes had signed an order
giving the ¦ plaintiffs possession of this
property just prior to W3 departure for
the outside. I u. . .
! The petition sets forth that without giv
ing the defendants due notice or an op
portunity of filing an answer Judge Noyes
issued an order turning over the posses
sion of the property to the plaintiff. This
action on his part, so the defendants' at
torneys claim, practically decides the suit,,
so far as this mining season-goes at least.
The cases of. Jordan vs.. Lane. and Jor
dan vs. Davenport, suits . in ejectment;
over Nos. 2 and 3 on Elkhorn Creek, were
among the number of legal matters that
Judge Noyes attended to' while ; aboard
the Roanoke, and it is in these two cases
that the appeal and supersedeas has been
asked for.
S -When 'Judge • Noyes left Nome on the
steamer Roanoke last month he signed
several orders in various cases pending
in -his court while-, he ;was j aboard the
steamer, the attorneys say, after he had
adjourned the session of the court and
announced that he would transact no bus
iness until he returned.. . : : .
The petition lor the appeal and a writ of
supersedeas will be filed in the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals imme
diately, and when the facts are threshed
out before the court the attorneys say
another of Judge Noyes' illegal proceed
ings will be brought to light.
More light was shed yesterday on the
methods of United States District Judge
Noyes. of Nome, Alaska, when the law
firm of Campbell, Metson '& Campbell re
ceived appeal papers from Nome in two
cases involving the possession and title
to two pf the richest mining claims in
that section, which Judge Noyes turned
over to the plaintiffs in the action just
before he left there by making one of his
notorious "deep sea orders."
the Circuit Court for
Relief.
Nome Mine Owners 'Apply to
See-Saw Struggle in Which
Both Nines' Execute
Clever Plays.
Wins the Game for San
Francisco in the
¦ Ninth.-
Judge Noyes Indulges in
Another Peculiar Ju
dicial Act.
SHAY SCORES
ON REILLY'S HIT
SIGNS ORDERS
WHILE AT SEA
REAPER CLAIMS
BEN NAPTHALY
Police Court Practitioner
Drops Dead on
the Street.
Sudden Hemorrhage Puts an
End to a Checkered
Career.
Benjamin . Franklin Napthaly, the
former Police Court- practitioner, dropped
dead last evening, in front of the Russ
House. .His body was removed to the
Morgue. Death was caused by a hemor
rhage. >
"Ben" Napthaly's career was a check
ered one. A man of talent, he turned his
ability in directions which led to trouble
and disgrace for himself and humiliation
for every one who tried to hold him to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, ' SEPTEMBER 15, 1901
22
A Magnificent Showing for This Week in
Laces and Trimmings
Latest Parisian creations — Just opened and sparkling with
novelty — The largest and most complete stock we have
ever carried — Occupying the most space of any Lace and
Trimming Department on the coast — High class goods in special
styles and exclusive designs— Rich and beautiful materials-
Priced as low as is consistent with good- and reliable qualities* —
\You should see these goods to appreciate the full significance of
t \hese statements.
• j ' ar .- c . In Allovers, Insertings and Festoons, Ecru and Black
i> uces : j n j^est square Mesh or Filet effects. New Escurial
Laces in bands and allovers in both black and white. Wide
Chantilly Festoons in black or white. Medallions in all sizes
and descriptions. Venice galoons in all widths.
We offer as a special
LIERRE ALLOVER LACES, in ecru, now being used ex-
tensively for waists and yokings, 18 inches wide, at $1.25, '
$1.50, $2.00 and $*>.2o a yard^
rp • • Include the choicest of Silk Appliques in
1 rirnmingS : all widths in black, white and colors.
Black Silk Passementeries made of the new torpedo braid :on
chiffon and net. Black Spangled Trimmings in all widths. •
Black and white appliques combined with colored embroidery.
Black Chantilly Festoons with entirely new velvet effects.
Velvet Bands embroidered in rich colorings for evening wear.
We will also offer
SILK APPLIQUE TRIMMINGS in black or white, i# inches :
wide in various new and choice designs, at 75c, $1100, $1.25
and $1.50 a yard.
Ladies' Fancy Lisle Hose
3 Pairs For $1.00 — Worth 50c a Pair
This interesting special for to-morrow is the. best offering of
fine imported hosiery ever shown. Not an old pattern among
them. All .new and in fashion's correct styles. Some are
in richelieu rib, some in rembrandt rib in prettiest of colored
stripes, others are solid black in latest lace openwork designs.
All are regularly retailed everywhere at 50c a pair, here
to-morrow, your choice . 3 pairs for $1.00
Ladies' Gloves R i b b o n s
Fall styles and tints in All colors . in the new
walking, driving, recep- *>? effects m Peau^de
tion and evening gloves, Soie, Brilliant. Taffetas,
also an assortment of Golf- Mousseline Taffeta Crepe
ing and cycling gloves. *** Ta Stl- back Satm
Liberty Ribbons.
Monday Sept. 16th. Monday $ept< l6th>
Opening of a new ship- j ust received— full line of
.ment.of "La Francis" colors : in the popular •
and " Weldon " Suede Double Faced Liberty
Gloves black and colors. Satin Ribbon. 4% inches
Best to be had at . wide— Special at -x
{5 1 ."50 a pair 35c a yard
cuoddiv/- dv maii We atni tcith our New Illustrated Cata-
t>tiUffli\{j fcJY MAIL logue to make buying by letter entirely
MADE EASY satisfactory. Copies of Catalogue
mailed free for the asking.
=\ Keariiy and Suffer Streets |=
FLAMMARION
GLASSES.
Made under the supervision of the cele-
brated astronomer.
Quick Bqalring. Jistory oa pr«a!iai.
Phone Main 10.
642 Market 5t. imst»um«mts
uHOtn cmromicli BuiLOfM&. CATALCGUI fnt.
DT>TTCU17Q F0R barbers, bak-
WtUDIlilde^bootbUckj, jgg.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eannera.
dyers, f.ourm Ills, foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramonto 6 1
$mML$®$& K ta)-
For LIQUOR and" MORPHINE KABIT&
Twenty Tears* Experience. ;
Patients may be treated at homo or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow ]2uilding.
105 Ellis St.. near Powell. Hours. 10 to 13
a, n»-. J to 4 pv.m. . . . ¦ • ¦
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
Late Superintendent Physician City
' and Countv Hospital.
MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
DR. G. B. SUSSDO1RFF,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST"
JM Post st.. San Franclseo> CaL v' :• .»
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only orptrt ac
countants and reporters as teacher*: Grew
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and moV read-
able. Day and evening. VULXj COTJItait !£&..
fi m m . ¦—* P E R M ANENTL'
r^M §_ , r tm .'^^ CURED. No surger
•" . *™^^™^-^T or delay. : Names e
. 50 . nromlnent business men sent as reference
t For particulars address PHYSICIAN. . bo
19M. Call Office.
We will display on MONDAY, September
16th, an attractive collection of NOVELTY
SILKS and all the new weaves and color-
ings in DRESS GOODS
FOR FALL, 1901.
DRESS FABRICS.
Silk and Wool Crepe de Paris, C?erje Pope-
line, Gloria Crepes, Silk and Wool Sub-
lime, Voile, Crepe de Chene, Satin Vene-
tians, Unfinished Worsteds, Zihelines,
Crepe Albatross, Pebble CheYiotSj Pru-
nellas and all the new shades in French
Henriettas.
SILKS.
| New Persian Taffetas with satin stripes,
medium dark colorings? two-toned extra
heaYir Fancu Armupes; White- Ground ¦
t Duchesse Satin in Dresden warp print
White Ground Taffetas with col-
. pred satin stripe and Dresden wapp print
effects? Roman Stripe Taffetas in Red,
Blue, Black, Pink and White Grounds;
/ also the best makes of Black and Colored
Taffeta Silks, both imported and domestic,
sreqiAL.
We have just received from FRANCE a
veru large shipment of Battenbepg Scarfs,
Sauares, Shams, Center Pieces and Tidies?
also from GERMANY one case Hemstitched
Linen Goods in Doglies, Napkins, Tea
Cloths, Scarfs and Sguares, which will
be on exhibition in our show windows
Monday and Tuesdau of this week.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
iCrowned Witli Success
i Mayerle's Glasses
I". THE NEW CITY DIRECTORY.
Contains - reliable information whom to consult
in regard to weak eyes and poor sight Be-
fore - having your (eyes , examined or . buy ins
glasses DO NOT PAIIi to look in the New
City Directory for; the following headings:' • i
"EYE SPECIALISTS." -
"EXPERT OPTICIANS." ' '
. "GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIANS."
"GERMAN OPTICAL. INSTITUTES."
"OPTICAL. INSTITUTES."
"GRADUATE OPTICIANS."
• "GERMAN EYE SPECIALISTS."
i "OPTICIANS."
Mayerle's Glasses DO • NOT COST MORE
than others, but are far superior to all others
for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, i dizziness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain about the eyes, behind the
head or In temples, nervousness, sore eyes, dis-
charging eyes, feeling like : sand in the eyes,
crosseyes, burning, smarting, itching/ scratch-
ing, twitching, gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc.
¦ Maycrle'a Glasses are used by the highest
U. S. Army, Navy, and Government officials.
I GEORGE MAYERLE,
; GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN
GERMAN OPTICAL- INSTITUTE,
Also graduate 'AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.)
1O7I^ j m'arlcet Street
\ (Opposite Hibernla Bank, S. F., Cal.)
1 Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age,.. also.. whether. glasses are. wanted for
reading or distance, of both, and what price.
I Consultation, . Examination and Advice Free.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
! German Eyewater, 50c.
?—-. CUT THIS OUT. - |
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
PARLOR SUITES!
The very latest fads and styles in
Mahogany, with Velours of Silk Bro-
catelle; ,all colors, beautiful designs
and patterns and prices to please any
purse. We carry an Immense line of
Carpets, .Linoleums and Mattings; in
fact, furnish your house complete.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
- (Incorporate^,
1OI7-IO23 MISSION STREET.
Above Sixth, San Francisco.
we close at 8 p. m. every day bat Saturday.
AODVEHTISEMBNTS.
DO NOT ALLOW YOURSELF
TO BECOME BLIND. V
Headaches, nervousness, watery 'eyes, pain
about the . eyes or In back of tho head or In
temples, sore or Inflamed eyes or eyelids, cross-
eyes, a. feeling like sand In the ey«s. Itching-,
burning, smarting, black spats, specks, etc. .
Mayerle's Glasses are -known to t>e the best
remedy for these symptoms, and strengthen «ye
and brain. Eye strain affects the brain. Frank
Mayerle. the German Expert Optician, is also
a graduate of. the Chicago Ophthalmic College
and Hospital acknowledged the very best in
the United States of America. He Is now
located at.
138 Montgomery St., San Francisco,
'Occidental Hotel Block.
- Examination and advice free. Tel. Main 5049.
Orders for glasses by mail promptly filled.
Blanks for examination forwarded on applica-
tion. ' NOTE ADDR66>.
I They G^yowhpiirse 1
II \ DEPARTMENT o f shoes for '"en^n? 1 ' women B
hg 9 When we say we can give a shoe, made of patent I E
P5 M leather or any of the rew materials, for $3.50; when ' I Eg
m i we say we keep every extreme size in these shoes and \ H
M 9 can guarantee a perfect fit; when we say these shoes 1 M
H f will look better (for they are in our latest exclusive I I
M I st y Ies ) an d last better (for they are the product of V I
jjtg B finest workmanship) than many high-priced shoes ft I
« J AND PEOVE IT, you may ask how this can be done. I B
$2 It is simply due to the system by which big estab- IE
» f - lishments like ours make small profits, on each sale %l
||J and large profits on the total sales, which are thus im- Jr^
14 -^^flSS3^07-iii Kearny Sit ,& I
; A^yEBTISEMENTS.WIDOW WITH WHOM A NATION MOURNS.
I WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Acting Sec
retary' Gillesple" to-day- ordered- Captain J.'
Pi ' Wisser, coast artillery,: to report to
president _ Roosevelt _ f qt. _; such i personal
'duty" as" he might require. The President
was also Informed of . this action. . . • .-
j Aid; Appointed; for President
lowing, proclamation i announcing ; to the
'citizens of the. District the death of Presi
dent McKinley: .. / - .• ' ',\_ . '_ ;¦
IThe Commissioners of .the District of Colum-
I bia have ! the melancholy j duty to announce to
the citizens ¦' of ' the i District of "Columbia ' the
, death of William t McKinley, President- of - the
! United States, at,2:15 o'clock, this mornlnclij
Buffalo. X. Y. y*-' '•-:.•'-]• .: - • •
• [A' typical' American,' as' soldier and statesman
and in , the - private . relations: ot,vlife,..h,e -'won
illustrious fame as the chief servant of ! hi»
country. But his personal- character was greater
than his deeds, and ¦ endeared him : to all ¦ the
people; and especially;- to. those ",who reside -In
1 the ' District ., of _ Columbia . and • who • know ¦ well
his virtues and graces, so touchingly. exhibited
(in his last illness. & The '¦ District of Columbia
never had a;' better friend : , its loss , can never
be repaired :', Its grief cannot be expressed. •(<- .
"As a 'mark 1 of "respect the 'Commissioners de
• sire that the public offices of 'the District of
1 Columbia: be 'closed; 1 this <"day -and' the ! day' of
the funeral ¦ and . that '- the ' flags on all district
building* -r • be • displayed '.' :.at ' half-mast • unt
further orders. •¦•¦¦ -.' . ' .•• >v
! HENRY B/F.MacFARLAND,. President.
)> JOHN. W. ROSS.- r • ¦ ¦- ; •
' I LANSING H/ BEACH.-. : . . . ; -
: The Commissioners had previously at 3
o'clock, this, morning,' immediately, upon
the: death, announcement, .sent 'through'
'President MacFarland' a telegram to Sec
'.retaryCortelyou expressing their personal
; grief : at the death of President | McKinley
and extending their., profound sympathy
to Mrs. McKinley. . ' ¦"- -" ,, / <
: WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— The Capitol
was closed- to-day out of respect; to -the
memory or the late President McKinley.
and preparations were begun -for receiv
ing- the body, which will lie in state in
,the rotunda, as did the bodies of Presi
dents Lincoln and Garfleld.
The Capitol on both' "sides of the rotunda
is in great. disorder,. on account of repairs
'iri: progress, but'it is not believed that
this, circumstance will interfere in any
.way, with the public ceremony of mourn
ing. When President Garfleld's body lay
, in-thejDapitol the public assembled on the
east fronfof the building, and, going In
s at the main door in double file, passed out
at the west door, the people separating
.in^two lines as the bier was approached.
A "similar order will be preserved at the
forthcoming ceremonies.
. The remains; will be in the custody of a.
'guard of honor, the sergeants-at-arms of
,the Senate- and House- of Representatives!
assisting lathe details' of the ceremonies.
The historical state catafalque, stored ar.
the Capitol, is being put into condition.
.The flag on. the White House was half
masted early this morning,' and on th<:
big- front ; door was posted -the printed'
card "Closed." The White House shades
of the east room were drawn over the
windows and the public was not admitted
to the building. With careworn faces and
soft steps the White House attaches went
about their duties. No public business
was transacted. . . . ' .
In- anticipation of the coming of Mr* -
McKinley and eventually of the family of
the new President,- a large force of work,
men is engaged in. preparing the White
House for, occupancy. ¦' ¦¦ , ¦ ¦
1- It is "expected that President Roosevelt
will go to the new residence of Captain
William S.*' Co wles' of the' navy, ¦ hi<»
brother-in-law, -when he reaches Wash
ington, leaving . the White House to the
•family and -intimate- personal friends- of
the late President until after the funeral.
: Brief funeral services, it was announced
Governor Odell May Appoint
Extraordinary Term:
of Court.
BUFFALO,' Sept.. 14.— Governor Odell of
New York had a longi conference to-night
with District Attorney..- Penny of Erie
County relative to the most expeditious
method of trying and convicting, the mur
derer of President McKinley. Mr. Penny
told the Governor that the case was al
ready prepared for the Grand Jury, and
would be presented to that body on Mon
day or Tuesday of next week. The Grand
Jury would make a' presentment to Coun
ty Judge Emory, who would at once, as
sign counsel for the defense.
The main question of discussino between
the" Governor and the District Attorney
was as to whether the Governor should
appoint an extraordinary term of the Su
preme Court to try the prisoner, instead
of allowing the case to go before any of
the Judges of that department. Mr. Pen
ny's idea was that the ' Governor should
appoint an extraordinary term and select
a special Judge. A list of the Judges
was presented to the Governor, and up to
a late hour he had not yet decided as to
which course he would pursue, or if he
determined to have a special term as to
which Judge he should designate.
to-night, will be held at the Capitol Wed
nesday at 10 o'clock to persons havinjr
tickets of admission. The funeral train
will leave here for Canton at 2:30, arriv
ing there at 11 o'clock Thursday morning.
Members • of the family and intimate
friends. of the late President . will go on
this train. It Js probable that members
of the Cabinet; Justices of the Supreme
Court, diplomats and other officials will
travel on another special train. In the
procession 'from the Capitol to the train
the Grand Army -of the- Republic and tho
Order of the Loyal Legion, to both of
which the President' belonged, will have
the post of honor immediately following
the hearse, -— .- -r— -— — - — •
Preparations Being Made' for
; r the Ceremonies in .:.''¦;
. 'Washington.
SPEEDY TRIAL
.FOR ASSASSIN
BODY WILL LIE
IN THE CAPITOL
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BUFFALO, Sept. 14.— Cabinet
changes, of course, are sura
to come, but they will cer
tainly be gradual, and no one
has any authority to make a
cabinet for President Roose
velt.. When, changes .come, it is not *yet
.certain who will be Secretary of State. It
has been known that Secretary Hay is
anxious to retire, but that he is equally
desirous of seeing the interoceanlc canal
treaty put through before leaving the
State Department. He favors a neutral
canal, guaranteed by the United State.?
and Great Britain. President Roosevelt
has been in favor of a fortified canal,
built by American money and defended by
American guns.
President Roosevelt's statement . to-day
that he' wyild carry out absolutely Mr.
McKlnley's policy may mean that the new
President will yield his notions on the
subject of a fortified canal. That being
the case there will be no necessity for
Secretary- Hay to lay down the portfolio
owing to differences with his new chief.
Secretary Root's health may drive him
from the Cabinet, but it is stated on high
authority that there is no man in the
Government in whom President Roosevelt
has more confidence than Secretary Root.
Indeed, should there be a possibility of
Mr. Hay leaving the Cabinet there would
undoubtedly be in President Roosevelt's
mind a debate as to whether he would
offer the portfolio of State to Mr. Root
or to Senator Lodge of Massachusetts.
There seems hardly a doubt that
Secretary Long will retire, especially if
Lodge of Massachusetts is made Secre
tary of State. Hitchcock will retire, as
will also Postmaster General Smith and
Attorney. General Knox. It is believed
that Secretary Wilson may remain as
Secretary of Agriculture.
Secretary Root May
Have State Depart
ment Portfo io.
Speculation as to
Policy of the
President.
WILL BE
CHANGED
BRAVE
IN HER
SORROW
Dr. Rixey Tells Mrs.
McKinley About
" Her Loss.
Close Friends Support
| Her in Hour of
Suffering!
She realizes for a few moments the full
ness of her grief and then seems to lapse
Into merciful semi-consciousness. Dr.
Rlxey, upon whose opinion Mrs. McKin
ley relies implicitly, said this afternoon:*
"Mrs. McKinley, in epijte- of her great
grief. Is physically better than she has
been in years. She is bearing up splen
didly and ' is entirely recovered from, .her
6evere and tedious illness of early sum
mer. Tou may say she will be^fully able
to fcustaln her part in the trying ordeal
before her. In every way .• she is doing
better than I had hoped would be the
case." . ' •-....-
"Is the Major sleeping?"
Dr. Rlxey, who for so many years has
guarded her bo well. Is much encouraged
by the way she Is bearing up, though the
closest possible watch is being kept lest
i*e suddenly break down. Her physical
Condition Is stronger than her mental con
dition. She is forgetful to an extreme.
Thrice she has asked the question:
Bears Up in Sorrow.
BUFFALO. Sept. lC-^Courage
oiiB in her affliction ; as • she
has been . throughout " long
days 'and nights -of Intense
anxiety, Mrs. McKinley Is to
day bearing her burden of
grief with - a fortitude and
Christian calmness that "surprises 'even
those close friends .who, have, supported
her through her Buffering, and during last
¦week nave constantly marveled at her
unexpected power . of endurance. .
All through days of waiting they have
momentarily expected to see her. break
down and all of them, feared that: when
the news that the end had come was
broken to her, the shock would be so se
vere as to endanger her life. But '• after
the first outburst of heartbroken grief
she became more calm and gentle. tears
have all day. been the sad token of her
affliction.
; At the moment when the end came so
peacefully Mrs. McKinley was sleeping
and not until 9 o'clock this morning did
eh« learn the news that It was feared
would break her heart.
ft Bread News Is Broken.
Dr. Rixey. who has devoted himself
constantly to her since the last nope of
saving the President's life was given up,
•was at her side when she opened her
eyes.
"Doctor, is the President asleep?" she
asked.
"Yes, but he Is sleeping the sleep that
has no -end.", were the fateful words that
r>r. Rlxey had to speak.
A flood of tears was her only reply.
For a few moments her grief was uncon
trollable. Dr. Rlxey did his best to com
fort her, telling her It would be her hus
band's dearest wish that she be calm.
At last her heart-breaking sobs subsided
and she lapsed into a state of grief more
Impressive in Its calmness than the most
harrowing outbreak.
Ever the gentle, faithful wife, she is
now the courageous, gentle widow. AH
day long she has remained Quietly In her
room. Dr. Rlxey has been with her al
most constantly and she has received a
few of her closest friends. From one who
has visited and talked with her It was
learned .that Mrs. McKlnley*s condition
to-day has been much like that of a child
grieving over .the loss of a father. . •
<»» TT_ 1— "
Special Diepotch to The Call.
WORDS OF FIRE
FOR PROPHECY
the place was impressed with the strange
occurrence. -.
Strange Occurrence at the
Exposition is Now
Recalled.
BUFFALO. Sept. 14.— There are, as usu
sj»ttories of premonitions of the acces
sion of President Roosevelt. State Sen
ator John Laugnton tells that not over
four weeks ago while, a display of . flre
workB was being made at the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition grounds a huge picture of
the then Vice President was shown in
fire. Underneath it were the words "Our
Vice President." Hardly had the picture
been lighted when the word "Vice"
burned out and left standing in- huge let
ters under Roosevelt's picture the words
"Our President." . 'V •••'
In a minute or two' the word "Our" ac
cidentally burned out, as" had the other,
and for fully, seven" minutes the sjngle
word "President" stood out in' bold' relief
Senator Laughton saifi that everybody in
WASHINGTON,' Sept: 14.-The Commis
sioners' of ,the District of .Columbia' neld
a meeting early to-day, and issued the fcl-
Commissioners of the District of Co
.' lumbiav Issue Proclamation
; ' • About ; McXinley.' . . ' ':, : . - :
PEOPLE 1 0F WASHINGTON
'",'orriCIAXLY INFORMED
SAD NEWS OF HER BELOVED HUSBAND'S DEATH
GENTLY BROKEN TO MARTYA PRESIDENT'S WIDOW
Pages 23 to 32
SA1ST FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
Pages 23 to 32PERSONS AND SCENES LINKED WITH THE TRAGEDY THATJHAS SHOCKED THE WHOLE WORLD.
Dominican Jubilee Abandoned.
The executive committee recently ap
pointed by Archbishop RIordan to arrange
the golden jubilee of the Dominican Sis
ters'yesterday decided to abandon the af
fair indefinitely . out of respect to the
memory of the murdered President of the
United States. Ail donations and gifts
*-M be accepted by the sisters and due
ncknowledgment will be made by them.
At a conference of members of the ex
ecutive committee of the Republican State
. Central Committee the following telegram
was sent to President Roosevelt: •
SA-N FRANCISCO. Sept. 14. 1901.
To the President, Executive Mansion. Wash
ington, D. C— Coupled with ..the feelings of
deepest sorrow, which to-day stirs the heart
of every American citizen, should be the con
tsollng thought that he who has succeeded our
martyred President was also the people's
choice.
REPUBLICAN STATE CENTRAL COMMIT
TEE OF CALIFORNIA.
Telegraphs to President Roosevelt.
SAN* FRANCISCO Is mourning the
death of President William Me-
Kinley. The grief that came with
the announcement of the Presi
dent's death was shown in the
faces and by the ads of the peo
ple. The commurrity, however,
Jias not yet had time to dress itself in the
black garb of sorrow, bait It is none the
less deep, sincere and heartfelt
To-day and to-morrow the decorators
v.-ill be busy fastening on. the sable 'signs
that tell of the people's respect to the
memory of their departed President.
McKiniey stands for something more
than the supreme executive in the hearts
of this city's people. Jnst four months
ago he headed a local procession that
marched through the streets of this city.
His kindly courtesy, hia democratic sim
plicity, his genial affabittty were then
made known to the multitude that gath
ered to greet him. AIL felt then as if they
knew the President personally. And so
the grief over his loss Is to San Francisco
personal.
Sorrow Is General.
' On the street corners and wherever men
came together the naiion's loss received
full utterance. Every flag that was hoist
ed at half-mast, every bit of black that
-was hung from window or covered the en
trance to store or hozne told a sincere
story of the heart offerings of sorrow.
One whose personality left its indelible
niarks on child and adult had been torn
away, and although far distant from the
scene of death the hearts of his fellow
people beat for him and his wife in her
great misfortune.
The man who brought the hand of death
upon President McKiniey Is dividing the
public mind just now. . As the crowds
Ptood round the bulletin boards yesterday,
waiting for news of the disposition of the
President's body, curses -were mingled
with sad regrets. The public has not yet
ceased its vengeful thoughts, and the
speeches made at every gathering in the
streets are as full of somber grief on one
tide as of bitter oaths on the other.
Theaters Are Closed.
Saturday, the matinee day, was devoid
cf theatrical performances. Early in the
morning the managers of the various the
eters met and decided to close their
houses for the day. In the evening they
opened, but on the "day of the funeral the
same respect will be shown again. Courts
convened and as quickly adjourned, busi
ness came to a halt in all the public de
partments and civic bodies met for the
eole purpose of passing memorial resolu
tions. "Wherever respect to the dead Pres
ident could show Itself it received ready
expression.
More than a day is necessary to drape
this city In sable. Resolutions and orders
have been enforced to decorate • the ar
mories, the flre houses, the City Hall, the
Hall of Justice and the Federal buildings.
Private homes and the stores will be
clothed in black. By to-morrow morning
The city will be garbed in its robes of
death.
Public Comes to
Full Realization
of Calamity.
In the churches to-day special sermons
will be preached and the assassination of
the President will be made a subject les
son to the people.;
In nearly all instances festivities and
entertainments have been postponed. So
cial organizations and clubs have either
canceled their plans or. put them over to
a date -when the national public sorrow
has lost its sting and become a bitter
memory.
THE San Francisco Produce Ex
change paid its tribute of g'rjef
and respect to President McKIn
ley yesterday forenoon 'and also
severely censured sensational
journalism, which was described
in resolutions as_ "the pernicious
Influence of a^press that" has pandered to
DRAPINGS OF SABLE
PROCLAIM SORROW
OF SAN FRANCISCO
PRODUCE EXCHANGE CONDOLES
WITH SORROWING NATION AND
CONDEMNS CRIME'S INCITERS
CITY MOURNS THE NATION'S LOSS
SUPERVISORS MEET
AND PREPARE FOR
PUBLIC MOURNING
THE Board of Supervisors met yes
terday afternoon pursuant to the
call of Mayor Phelan for the pur
pose of passing appropriate reso
lutions in respect to the memory
of the late President.
/ : In calling the meeting to order
his Honor. said;- , •
- In view- of, .the President's death I thought
In Responseto Call From the Mayor
Officials Come Together and
Pass Resolutions.
it wise to convene this special meeting of tft«
Supervisors, in order that proper and appro
priate action might b« taken in* «n official
way. It ia not only because of hia «xa!ted
office, but because his personal merits en
deared him in an especial way to the p?cpl9 >
of this city that we shoulj in some manner>
testify our sincere grief at his untimely taiiA
ing off. . j
Supervisor Tobin then presented the fol
lowing resolution of condolence, which,
was adopted:
Whereas, William McKiniey. President of
the United States, has passed from this
mortal HJe, the victim of cowardice and
assassination: and
¦Whereas. The sorrow of the people Is pro
fotind and no words can adequately ex
press either their grief or their resentment;
and
"Whereas, The exalted character, the pub
lic services and the personal virtues of our
late President have so endeared him, in his
public and private capacity, to the people
-. of this city that some special honor should
' by this board, speaking in the name of all
citizens, be shown his memory; therefore.
Be It resolved. That the heartfelt sym
pathy of our community be tendered to
Mrs. MeKinley in her great bereavement
and the nation's sorrow; and
Be it resolved. That ¦ tha city depart
ments respect the customary period of
mourninjr; that the Board of Public "Works
be directed and authorized to drape thn
; entrances of . the City Hall and Hall of
Justice, and that the flags on public build
ings be lowered to half mast for a period
of- thirty days: and
Be it further resolved. That his Honor,
the Mayor, be authorized and directed to
appoint a citizens' committee of one hun
dred to make arrangements for a memorial
service to be held on the day of the Presi
dent's funeral; and
Be it further resolved. That the expenses
necessary for these purposes be defrayed
out of the urgent necessity . fund of th«
Board of Supervisors.
POSTPONE FUNCTIONS
OUT OP DEEP RESPECT
Citizens Pay a Tribute to Departed
r , President by Giving Up
Pleasure. - ~y . *»'
Out of respect to the memory OS the
late President the citizens of this city
have postponed the various functions t&at
were scheduled for the coming week. \
The reception to General Smith whlca
was to be tendered on the arrival of the^
distinguished Callfornian on Tuesday
next has been /postponed. Dr. McCarthy,
chairman of the committee to receive the
ofilcer. notified Mayor Phela^i that a meet
ing of the committee would be held at
the California Hotel to-morrow. The
committee will go- out In a tug to greet
the general, but the reception, will be held
later.
The lectures of the Catholic Univer
sity extension course which were to be
delivered by Rev. Thomas J. Shahan, D.
D.. on next Monday and Tuesday even
ings have been postponed on account of
the death of President MeKinley. Tho
new dates will be announced later. All
tickets will hold good. -
In consequence of the death of the Pres
ident the annual memorial service to ba
held by James A. Garfleld Post next Tues
day evening in commemoration of its de
ceased comrades has been postponed until
some time after the final repose of the
President's remains.
A. de la Torre Jr., secretary of the
Mexican celebration committee, an
nounced yesterday that the celebration In
honor of the ninety-flrst anniversary of
the Independence of Mexico which was
to be held on Monday will be postponed.
The -ball and banquet which was to be
given at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow
evening has . also been postponed. The
date of the celebration will be. announced
later through the press. To-day.' at 10
a, m. appropriate services will be held at
the Spanish church on Broadway. The
Mexican celebration committee will at
tend the services In a body.
The fete that was to have taken place
at the Carolan place at Burllngame yes
terday for the benefit of the Armltage
Orphanage was Indefinitely postponed
owing to the passing away of the Preplg
dent. ¦' VT
The banquet to have been given last
evening by San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
Benevolent Order of Elks, was postponed.
Engine Houses to Be Ihraped.
The Fire Commissioners adjourned their
meeting yesterday out of respect to tha
memory of President MeKinley. Previous
to Its adjournment, however, the commis
sion passed a resolution Instructing Sec
retary McCarthy to provide sufficient
cloth with which all of the department
houses are to be draped in mourning. The
resolution was obeyed, and the several
houses were supplied during: the day.
all that 13 worst in humanity." Citizens
of the United States were also invited to
."unite In a strong endeavor to check tha
further spread of perntcious doctrines and
to apprehend and punish all who have
been instrumental by deed or speech or
written word in bringing to pass the per
petration of this awful crime." -
President George W. McNear presided
and addressed the members of the ex
change, denouncing the causes, direct and
indirect, that led to the heinous crime.
The speech will be found elsewhere.
"Last January: I attended a
seance of Mine. Young: at her
house on Ale Al lister street.'
She said that she would make
prophecies ' for the coming
year. :':j She first , said that
Queen "Victoria 'of England
-wonld die shortly. She also
said that President MeKinley
would be . assassinated, : Mrs.
MeKinley would die and; that"
Kins. Edward ol England
-would , also j be . assassinated
this year. I am' not a spirit
ualist myself, hut the prophe
cies at the time. made a great
Impression on me." . • -.
. -.a spiritualist; predicted
the assassination - of .- Presl
dent nicKinley at one of her
seances, j j ;¦" . t .; '•• . . -/¦.' -¦"
/. .In an Interview last even
i ingr he said:
this jear Mrae. Voang,
,pk.R. -.'A. .-, \. SIMPSON, !a
I g dentist at 12OO Market,
1L^ street, states that. early -
SPIRITUALIST
PROPHESIES
MANY DEATHS
1 President McNear then called for the
report of the committee that had been ap
pointed to draft suitable resolutions. The
committee. • consisting of Horace Davis
F. -H. Wheelan and A. Gerberdingr, sub
mitted '.the following, which was unani
mously adopted: .-_... . .^ ..-"¦ ;> .
. The San Francisco Produce Exchange, la
It seens« but yesterday that our beloved
chief magistrate was in our midst. It
seems- . but ¦- yesterday - that ' we gathered
eagerly to welcome and. to cheer him. -. He.
stood among us ¦ a .kind, courteous, noble,
unassuming man. - welcoming all. He- car
ried the dignity • of .. of flee / with graca
and sweetness - ¦ that ' - endeared him , to
his people. He carried the dignities of
manhood with; a -nobleness .that "en
deared * him v to • every ¦ man. - His char-
unison with all 'America and -with the peo
ple of i the ' civilized world, desires to ex
press Its grief for the noble." true heart that
has been forever stilled by the cruel hand
of. an. anarchist; desires- to express- its sym
pathy for the loving wife who has borne
her great loss with so much courage and
devotion; desires to express its utmost de
test&tlon for the lawlessness fostered by the
pernicious ! influence of • a press that has
pandered to. all . that i« worst in .hu
manity.. : . ' - ¦', - - ¦: . ~
We bow our heads in humble submission
to the will of the . Almighty God. Our
country ¦ mourns ' the less of a true, high
minded leader, a good and well-loved man.
Resolved. That we- tender the * suffering
wife of our beloved and ¦ martyred Presi
dent our sincere and heartfelt - sympathies.
. The hour calls for the expression of sor
row old as Cain, for a sympathy old but
ever new and sweet, for a new and deeper
detestation . of the lawlessness that has
been led by a sensational press.
He left us but to die. The death blow
has ceme from one who never felt a wrong
at the hand of our beloved President: one
who had no injury, real or fancied, to
avenge. The deed gains a new Infamy from
Its causelessness, a new horror from Its
wantonness. S new agony from the great
ness and nobleness- of its victim.
acter and his office shone about him and
rendered him safe from all attack.
That we deplore a spirit, foreign and un-
American, -which has appeared ainonjr our
people, of lawlessness and unrest, of op
position to constituted government and
good order.
That we earnestly imslore all good citi
zens of our country to unite In a strong
endeavor, to check the -further unread • of
their pernicious doctrines and to appre
hend and punish all who have been lnstru-
mental by deed or speech or witteri word
In bringing to pass the perpetration of this
A cablegram was received from the Liv
erpool Corn Association expressing sym
pathy with the American people and an
nouncing that the exchange in Liverpool
had been closed for the day.
—~ >•
Venice has a cafe which has been open
day and night for 150 years-
a T the meetins'oZ the San Francisco Produce Exchange yesterday- Georgre W. McXear took oeca-
F&l nion to -voice his sentiments on the direct and indirect Incitements to the crime that deprived
A-*Mi the nation- of a President. He saidt "' ¦»
*¦. . "Jnst one week agro yesterday our country was shocked hy the attempted assassination of
. onr beloved and honored President. The nation has passed a week of Intense anxiety, of fer
vent and eaVnest prayer to God for lil» restoration. The best medical and snrslcal skill, of the conn
try has been at the bedside of the President. nil In vain.. William McKiniey, the honored, be
loved, good and true man, the wise ruler of onr country, Is dead. A mighty nation mourn* his death,
and with one, voice oar people deplore and weep that inch a life should be bronsht to n. clone t»>
. the fanatical hand of an anarchistic assassin. President McKiniey had no reason .to fear death from
. the hand of an assassin. His kindly, sympathetic rfature made him the friend 1 * of all ' his people. He
. should have had no enemy, either political or social.' ' ¦ . f'--. ; .
. "Why, then, this murderous assault? Did it emanate from the morbid brain of a Treak lunatic.
Inflamed by the tirades and damnable caricatures -of yellow Journalism, or I* It the deed of an anar
. chlst prompted and gruided by a deep conspiracy .for the overthrow of lair and order and the leveling
of our country. _ to n. state 'of misrule and- destruction? ¦ :' •.: -• *. -. > '
: : ' "In either case -we- see but one end, and both, should be suppressed and banished from our
1 land and the face of -the', earth. ¦•-- v ¦ •.' *
1 "Is it not time .that American cltiaens should rise In their might and br -wise ,'eonneil and
prompt action endeavor-to suppress those disturbances that are paralyilng 'the best .Interests V of a
prosperous people? How much longer shall these things be permitted t /Surely the time -has come for
onr, own people, the true and patriotic Americans to act, to banish from our country those who
preach anarchy and rebel agrainst constituted authority and good government and ' ; all disturbers of
', our, peace and prosperity. May this awful and tragic death of our President, this dread catastrophe
to our nation, be the means of uniting os .one man our own people and nronsing as to the dangers
that threaten and to the remedies that must'be used. i .,* .-;>•; V-...
; "The srrief of the nation cannot be . expressed In -words, only In silent tears.** ¦
AT the specially convened meeting: of (he Hoard of Sapervlsors yesterday afternoon Mayor Fhelon
WBS empowered to appoint a committee of-lOO-to arrange for memorial exercises upon the
day of the President's funeral, the expenses thereof to he defrayed oat of the urgent necessity
fund. . .
The committee as named by the Mayor Is as followst
Hon. George C. Perklnx,
Hon. I-:. F. Loud,
General S. M. B. Yonnsr, U. S. A.,
Admiral Sllnn Caney, V. S. 3f.,
General J. H. Dlcklnnou, IV. G. C,
General R. H. Warfield. X. G. C,
Colonel Georjje Stone,
Colonel W. R. Smedbere,
W. II. Jordan,
Henry T. Scott,
C. M. Ha>K,
A. II. I'ayson,
J. W. Ilyrne, - .
Simon. »ivman, *: . -
Frank Hrcrlnr,
Clans Spreckels,
Leon SIobs, ¦ tv'^.?
S. G. Murphy,
\V. H. Crocker,
Horace Bavin,
Henry Lunstedt,
Walter Xan Dyke,-.
Irvinjc 31. Scott, * .
P. H. McCarthy,
Henry S. Martin,
William Go«r,
J. M. G leaves, \
F. W. Dohrrnann, '
A. A. WntUins,
A. Slinrlioro,
George A. .\<MvhaIl. .
Hon. Asa R. Wella,
Hon. WanlilnRTton Dodee, ";'.. - '.•-}
Hon. "W. H. Deatty,
Hon. Frank II. Dunne,
Paris Kllburn,
W. H. L,. Dorneii,
Henry F. Wynne.
Patrick CroTvley.
¦C. R. Allen. .
, J. F. Sullivan,
P. J. Toinnlty,
J. C. Carrier, • - . .
A. Schilling:,
Alfred .Meycrstein,
IV'nkefleld Baker,
Dr. .Julius Roseoitlrn,
Dr. C. A. Clinton, . . •
Dr. HukIi I,ngan, -' : % > -
Dr. Max Magoni, '.""-' ; ».f:?
RoUaiV. "\Vatt, • •
James Couchlan,
Charles Bnndschn,
F.'> J. Syntmen,
A- O. I.liiNt rom,
William Greer Harrinon.
Raphael Welll.
; Colonel J. R. Howcll, £ ',
iTrniton Beale,
John Fltrpatrick,
Hon. William Alvord,
Dr. Louis Ila/.et, '
Colonel Thomas F. Barry,
Hon. E. I). Pond, .
IS. J. Uannlng,
** * II. \V heelan.
J. J. Sweeney, ¦ •¦ -
Hon. W. W. Morrow, ; .
Hon. Frederick, Stratton,
Hon. XV. XV. Itlontasrne,
Hon. Joseph F. Spear,''
Georgre" E. Morse,'
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, • • .
I. S. Roaenbanm; ' ] '
Sydney M. Smith,
William Spronle.
Prank Leach, • r . -~
Colonel "William McDonald, '
L. E. Stover," •
J. "P. Young:, ; ...
Dent U. Robert, -
J. D. SpreckelM, '
Fremont Older, • ¦ •
llusrb. Ifuinc, "', -. '¦'. - -^
James P, Booth, f - ¦ ,
Charles . Iloxton,
S. Braonhart,
II. .II. JlranVlenntcin, ¦--. ¦
A. Comte Jr., . i
John, Connor, :. . ;
Peter J. Curtis, .-..- •
A. A. d'Ancona, • : *
L. J. Dwyer, , • ' 1
51. J. Fontana, - - -
R. M. Hotallnar,
William' IV. McCartby, "
Thomas Jennings,
Charles W. Reed,
Ceorpre'R. Sanderson, ...-..--. : : /
Joseph S. Tobln and '
Hornce Wilson. ¦'£?¦':
A xneetincr of the committee baa been called for Tnesday morning, September 19, at 11 o'clock
In the Mayor's office. "' - '..--'"^.- . . ,fi ; . ¦• ¦ - - -
¦ - ' - - • ¦•¦¦'.:•• • ' • \*-> .
URGES BANISHMENT OF YELLOW
JOURNALISTS FROM OUR LAND
MAYOR A PPOINTS A COMMITTEE
TO ARRANGE FITTING EXERCISES
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
24Continued on Page Thirty r-Two.
At a meeting of the McKinley G. A. R.
committee of May, '1901, composed of rep
resentatives nt the G. A. R. posts ot San
Francisco and the California Comman
dery of the Loyal Legion, held at the Oc
cidental Hotel yesterday the old commit
tee was continued In force and the chair
man instructed to notify the Mayor and
other officials having charge of public ob-
Bequies of President McKinley that the
Loyal Legion and the San Francisco posts
of the G. A. R. would co-operate in any
way with the municipal or other authori
ties that might "be desirable in carrying
out any programme that was determined
upon. • : -yo"
McKinley Post "Will Co-operate.
The First Regiment of the League of
the Cross Cadets has offered a tribute to
the memory of the late President Wil
liam McKinley. By order of Colonel Ed
ward J. Power the following special an
nouncement *to the command was made
yesterday:
San Francisco. September 14, 1901,
It is tvixh the sincerest regret and the most
heartfelt sorrow that the regimental com
mander announces to the command, the death,
on September 14, 1901, of William McKlnley,
President of the United States. In this hour
of national mourning It is but fitting that we
should add our. tribute to the character of the
great and good man whom It has pleased al
mighty God to call from earth. We recall the
honor he did our regiment when he visited our
city last May and received the review tendered
at the seventh annual competitive drill, and
the words of commendation and encouragement
that fell from his lips. We may now say from
the bottom of our hearts, "God rest his soul."
As a mark of respect all officers will wear
th« usual badge of mourning: (on left arm
above the elbow, * and on sword hilts), for
thirty days, and the regimental colors will be
draped for the same period. By order of
COLONEL EDWARD J. POWER.
P. J. HAGGERTT. Captain and Adjutant.
the Cliaracter of William
McKinley.
Regimental Order Adds a Tribute to
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS SHOW RESPECT
PARIS. SeptJ 14.— The news of President
McKinley's death became -known here
generally at about 10 o'clock, and the cen
tral, portion of the city immediately dis
played furled and- crape-draped American
\
I>raped Flags in Paris.
The Morning Post," announcing the news
of the President's death in black border,
editorially describes Vice President Roose
velt as a good all-round man, who, if a
crisis' should unfortunately come, is the
man marked out to- meet it.
Mr. : McKlnley came of the stock which built
the cathedral. He belongs to a race whose
leaders are buried there. We could find no
apter mode- of : emphasizing the unity of the
Anglo-Saxon people.' lirf-;".'-' ' i ¦
The morning Leader appears with heavy
mourning borders and prints ¦ portraits
and sketches of the lives of the late Pres
ident McKinley and of Theodore Roose
velt. It > expresses editorially the great
sympathy felt in' Grfiat Britain and sug
gests that the only appropriate expression
of national symnathv.will he the hold»ng
of a memorial service In St. Paul'3 Ca
thedral. The Leader says: .• •
Mr. McKinley's high character in public as
well as private life will be 'more fully realized
than ever before after he has passed away.
He will not be remembered as a statesman re
markable for original views or distinguished
by bold initiative in policy, but in a marked
degree he has been a typical representative of
the prevailing opinion of tho majority of the
American people, j He has been actuated
throughout life by a strong sense of duty. His
devotion to his country was never questioned
even by those who have differed from him.; He
has been courageous and clear-sighted and
has' left his mark '.upon his. time. .The tragic
ending of an honorable career would Insure for
him a prominent place In the memory
of his countrymen, even If he had not won it
already by good and faithful service to the
State.- • : • . .
The Times, in an editorial feelingly ex
pressing Great Britain's participation in
the grief of the United States, says:
The news of President McKinley's death
aroused the deepest sympathy of all classes in
Vienna and immediately brought into prom
inence again the question of dealing, with anar
chists. Dr. Hengelmueller. Austro-Hungaxian
Minister to the United States, who is now in
Vienna,. Is not hopeful of any concerted action
against anarchism. He says that any positive
measures would be extremely difficult in Great
Britain and the United States, but- that the
United States will probably adopt much more
stringent measures against immigration. •
The Daily Telegraph this morning pub
lishes the following dispatch from Vienna:
Suppression, of Anarchy.
A meeting of the London Corporation
to Dass a vote of condolence will be held
Thursday next.
"I assure you that your Grace's prom
ise that the prayers of the church will be
offered for our afflicted people will excite
the gratitude of my countrymen."
All the evening papers contain long edi
torials eulogizing President McKinley, ex
pressing sympathy with Mrs. McKinley
and forming estimates of President
Roosevelt.
Mr. Choate, in replying, said
"I desire to express in behalf of the
Church of England the deep grief with
which we have heard of the death of the
President. The 16ss of so great a ruler
is a calamity to the whole world. The
triumph- of wickedness fills us with sor-.
row. Our prayer and good will will be
an earnest one for the American people."
The .Archbishpp % .of. Canterbury. . the
Most Rev. Frederick Temple, has sent the
following dispatch to Mr. ehoate: *
who would devote himself to the work be
fore' him. ¦; .
President Loubet sent the following
message to Mrs. McKinley:
I learn with deep pain that his Excellency,
Mr. McKlnley, has succumbed to the deplor-'
able attempt on his ¦ life. I sympathize with
you. with all my heart in the calamity yhlch
bereaves the American nation, so Justly beloved
and respected. EMILE LOUBET.
The" Premier, M. . AValdeck-Rousseau,
called at the residence of. the" United
fctates^ embassy. The .n-gisters opemed at'
the United States embassy and at Em
bassador Porter's residence, are., quickly
filling with the names cf American resi
dents and visitors and with those of no
table Frenchmen. Paris is crowded with
Americans at the present time, and the
boulevards are dotted with little groups
reading and discussing the details of the
President's last moments. Numbers of
Americans are already wearing, black ties,
and many ladles have donned mourning.
Tho expressions of sympathy from
Frenchmen are as general and sincere as
when -the cables announced the attempt
on the President's life. The death of, Mr.
McKinley, it 13 understood, will not inter
fere with the general programme of the
Czar's visit to France.^ The reviews, ma
neuvers- and receptions will be -held,' but
the festivities will be subdued to a great
extent. All the papers print articles de
ploring' the death of President McKinley
and biographies of the late President and
President Roosevelt. The Temps refers
to the responsibility of/the doctors in giv
ing President .McKlnley too nutritious
fond. It says:,
" "To the legitimate sorrow, to the
Message From Loubet.
flags. The United States Embassy and
Consulate, all the hotels and American
business houses and the establishments
of many French firms on the Avenue du
l'Opera, the Rue de la Paix, the main
boulevards and in the Champs Elysees
quarter displayed this mark or" respect.
The United States embassy had not re
ceived official notification of the Presi
dent's "death when the press dispatch an
nouncing it arrived, and at 9:30 the news
was conveyed to the embassy. Embassa
dor Porter, who has not been well for the
past fortnight, was deeply affected by
yesterday's intelligence. He had under
gone a very painful but not • dangerous
operation j for a local trouble yesterday,
and was upset by the sudden change for
the worse in Mr. McKinley's condition.
His physician therefore ordered that he
should have complete repose and forbade
that the news of the President's death be
communicated to him this morning. He
will be notified later in the day.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Delcasse
called at the embassy at about 10 o'clock
but could not be received. A few minutes
later President Loubet drove up. The Em
bassador's physician received him and ex
plained that the news had thus far been
kept from Embassador Porter, and that it
was deemed inadvisable to allow him to
see any one. President Loubet expressed
deep sympathy with the Embassador and
asked that the latter be informed of his
visit, and that he • Intended personally to
convey condolences over the loss sustained
by the .American people. He then de
parted. ' •
The .doctor says there is absolutely no
danger for Embassador Porter, who only
needs rest to insure his complete recov
ery within a few days. In fact, but for
the shooting of President McKiniey, Gen
eral Porter would have started on a jour
ney to Constantinople next Saturday, . as
planned. •
The Earl of ; Aberdeen, in presenting
medals to some of the Gordon Highlanders
at Aberdeen to-day, said that with their
whole hearts the British give the Amer
icans unstinted sympathy, intensified by
the memory of their ungrudging, manifes
tations at the time of Queen Victoria's
death. The Earl ' referred ; to President
McKinley as a splendidly, courageous and
lofty- spirited man, and to President
Roosevelt as a brave and upright man,
Traise for I>ead/ President.
. "May I add personally my deep grief to
the people of this nation and the nations
of . the earth - for a great man snatched
away in the fullness of love and honor."
The citizens of London are profoundly moved
and deeply affected by the sad intelligence of
President McKinley's death. They had hoped
that under Providence bo valuable a life might
have. been spared for the welfare of his coun
try. In their name, . I . beg to tender to your
Excellency heartfelt sympathy and shall be
grateful if you will convey it to Mrs. McKlnley
and the people of the United States. Tho emi*
nent career and public services of Mr. McKin
ley are widely appreciated here and will long
be remembered by the British people, who, hav
ing themselves sustained the loss of a beloved
sovereign, more keenly . sympathize ! with the
United States in the sudden removal of their
distinguished President. - # .
The number of callers and telegrams re
ceived at the United States embassy in
creased as the day wore on. The British
Embassador. to the United States, Lord
Pauncefote, personally expressed to Mr.
Choate his deep sorrow. Lord Salisbury
and the Marquis of Lansdowne sent rep-/
resentatlves to the embassy and Lord
Rosebery and Mr. Chamberlain sent mes
sages. I The members of the • diplomatic!
corps left their cards at the embassy.
Mr. . Broderlck, the War Secretary; Lord
George Hamilton, the Indian Secretary,
and many others called. • Sir Henry Irv
lng's message was especially sympathetic.
He said:
The Lord Mayor sent to United States
Embassador Choate ' the following mes
sage: '
"The ocean is not wide enough to hold
all the sympathy 'that is streaming from
the Old World to the New."
Affecting scenes marked the announce
ment of the deAth of the President at the
Ecumenical Methodist Conference, which
passed resolutions declaring that the
whole Christian world sympathized •with
the American people. Throughout the
length and breadth of Europe feelings
similar to those evinced in the British
metropolis seem to have been evoked.
Perhaps this is best, voiced by the Vienna
Neue Weiner Tageblatt, which says: —
Grief Throughout Europe.
Telegrams are pouring in from prom
inent Englishmen, societies and munici
palities. It seems as if every little town
in England is individually telegraphing an
expression of sympathy and horror.
Everything as yet is rather unsettled, but
it is probable that a memorial service of
imposing proportions will be held in West
minster Abbey, as was done at the time
of the death of General Grant. Whether
the British Government will issue any of
ficial notification of mourning rests chief
ly with King Edward.
from the Mansion House and law courts,
from churches, hotels and business and
private houses in London union jacks are
floating at half-mast as a mark of sym-"
pathy for the :nurdered. President. All the
stock and commercial- exchanges are
closed. At the United States embassy a
quiet, sorrowful crowd, many of the visit
ors being in desp mourning, passed in and
out, recording 'their respect for President
McKinley.
"Most truly do I sympathize with you and the whole American
nation at the loss of your distinguished and ever-to-be- remembered
President; EDWARD, Rex."
LONDON, Sept. 14.— King Edward telegraphed to Embassador
Choate as follows: ''.
KING EDWARD SYMPATHIZES WITH
THE ENTIRE AflERiGAN NATION
To us Israelites the new year is an espe
cially sad one. In common with all fellow
citizens the great calamity that has befallen
this; land, the death of our beloved President,
is felt by us almost as a personal loss. We
have watched at his bedside with anxiety and
hope, while there was a struggle between
heaven and earth to claim the suffering pa
tient. The last words he uttered, "Good-by.
This is God's way. His will be done," showed
his deathbed to be that of a righteous man.
the deathbed of a true servant of ' the Great
King. The key to the kingdom of Mr. Mc-
Kinley's noble character is to be found in the
knowledge that he had Implicit faith in God
and that he strove to discharge his duties -with
conscience, both in his public and private life,
as a loyal subject of the Great King. May
his memory be blessed forever. f
Rev. I. Meyer delivered a powerful ser
mon to his congregation at the Bush
street Synagogue, many persons being un
able to secure admission to the edifice.
Rabbi Meyer said: • '_
Two Presidents before McKinley have been
martyrs to the cause of freedom and liberty,
and he, the third, must also be a sacrifice be
fore American people will take necessary pre
cautions to avoid the staining of their escut
cheon with so deadly a blot.
It is an unfortunate thing in this world, and
history Droves it has been so in all ages of
man's existence, that sufferins, disease and
death have been endured by good and true peo
ple without cause or reason. Bloodshed has al
ways creceded the establishment of justice and
the murder of the good and true has always
preceded the adoption of measures for the pro
tection of innocence and virtue. 'Tis well
said that "the righteous perisheth and no man
takes it to heart."
Rabbi Nieto's -sermon ¦ was -on- "The
Quest of Humanity," and wa^ preceded
by a eulogy of the republic's dead leader.
Rabbi Nieto said: . • ....
At the Taylor-street Synagogue the
Rev. Dr. J. Xieto delivered a stirring ser
mon to a large congregation. Similar
scenes were enacted at this place of wor
ship as were witnessed at other syna
gogues, the reference to the murdered
Pieeident moving all listeners to tears.
Felt Like a Personal Loss.
natlcn's Ideal man. I know that I voice the
sentiments of this congregation and of all
Israel the world over when I say we deplore
the deed and its terrible consequences. Our
sympathy wells forth for the first lady of the
land, the wife of our martyred President. May
God protect - Arqerlca in the hour or sorrow,
anguish and lamentation and bring her hope
fully and peacefully through the present
ordeal. " •..-¦•
and clubs, at the hotels, on the car3 and
other places v-'here men meet and ex
change views the sentiment is almost
universal that- the Hearst newspapers in
cited the assassin Czolgosz to the das
tardly crime. While there was hope that
the President would survive men simply
spoke of the punishment that should be
meted out to Hearst, but no steps toward
positive action were taken beyond giving
orders to "stop" the Examiner.
After the sorrowful news came that the
President had passed -away action was
suggested. Initial steps were taken yes
terday by members of the Pacific-Union
Club, and there are indications that this
will be followed by a concert of action
on the part of other clubs. A meeting of
the directors of the Cosmos Club -will be
held next Tuesday. It is predicted that a
universally expressed sentiment in the
EUROPEAN MONARCHS AND POPE WHO GRIEVE oVeR PRESIDENT'S DEATH.
The San Francisco Lodge No. 21, Theat
rical Mechanical Association, being in ses
sion at the time of the receipt of the
news of the death of the President, ad
journed out of respect to his_ memory,
ami sent a telegram of condolence to Mrs.
McKlnley. - • • . - .
Therefore, the Theatrical Managers' Associa
tion of San Francisco does hereby, in compli
ance with such resolution, resolve that on the
day of such obsequies, and the night following
the same, all theaters represented by member
ship in said association shall close.
Further resolved. That no matinee perform
ance be ariven in any of the theaters In this
city to-day.
THE THEATRICAL MANAGERS' ASSO
CIATION OP SAN FRANCISCO.
M. METERFELD, President.
MELVILLE MARX, Secretary.
"Whereas. The theatrical organizations in ths
Eastern cities have. In Joint conference, re
solved that on the day and night of- the
obsequies of the President all theaters !n every
Jurisdiction should be closed to the public as a
fitting mark . of respect to the memory of the
illustrous dead: now
The theatrical managers of this city
were prompt to show their respect to the
memory of President McKlnley. Meeting
early yesterday morning, they passed the
following resolutions:
Performances in All of the
Local Playhouses.
Temporary Suspension of Footliglxt
MANAGERS OP THEATZES
TO CLOSE THEIR PLACES
Hearst is a member of two San Fran
cisco clubs — the . Bohemian and Paclflc-
Unlon. According to the Blue Book, he
Is not a member of the | University,'
Cosmos, San Francisco, or Press Club or
the Union League. The membership of
the Pacific-Union consists largely of men
who are prominent in the financial, com
mercial and industrial affairs of the Pa
cific Coast. Twenty years ago a consoli
dation of the Pacific and Union clubs was
effected, and since that time the Pacific-
Union has been recognized as the fore
most commercial and social club on the
Pacific Coast, and one of -the. leading in
stitutions of its character In the United
States. Members of the club as a rule
are very cautious 'about speaking, of the
internal affairs of the institution, but in
all other leading clubs In the city It Is
common gossip that the Pacific-Union
has resolved to clear itself of association
with Hearst- Several members, observing
that the board had not given orders to
exclude the Examiner, gave a slight ex
pression of their impatience by throwing
the paper into the fire. Gossip in club
circles is to the effect that the feeling in
the Bohemian Club is such that the di
rectors will be constrained to some course
of action in the matter. The leading
spirits of the Pacific-Union are also active
members -of the Bohemian Club, and
whatever course is taken in one club Is
quietly known and freely discussed in tho
other. • . .
The members of the Pacific-Union Club
are not Inclined to await the judgment of
the directory. They have taken It upon
themselves to circulate a petition asking
the board to request "William R. Hearst
to resign, and In the event of his refusal
or neglect to comply with the request to
expel him from the club. The. petition 13
so extensively signed that it already rep
resents the true sentiment of the mem
bership.
It is also reported that the directors of
the Bohemian Club have been urged by
members of that Institution to exclude the
Examiner and drop the proprietor of the
offensive paper from the roll of member
ship.
membership of the Cosmos in favor of ex
cluding the Examiner from the clubhouse
will be given torce and effect by the di
rectory.
Clouded In gloom the first day of our X«w
Tear looms up before us with tidings of cor
row. When we prayed on the Xew Year's day
twelve months ago we sought the throne of
grace and peace. To-day on every flagstaff in
this free land the emblem of sorrow Is every
where displayed. The Stars and Stripes droop
their folds as they bow in grief at the awful
sacrifice which a murderous hand has dealt a
At the Beth-Israel Congregation, on
Geary and Octavia streets. Rev. M. S.
Levy preached to an assemblage that
filled the sacred building to the outer
doors. Rabbi Levy preceded his sermon
with a short address on the death of the
President, and said:
"And now, brethren, let us all unite in
a word of prayer."
As Dr. Voorsanger prayed the orgran
softly began to play "My Country. 'Tis
of Thee," the effect of it being- so power
ful that the whole congregation was in
tears.
And now they will be digging another grave
in Canton, and in that latest grave will be
lowered the frame of the latest martyr. They
tell a legend of an old Jewish poet in the
Spanish Arabic times, that he was murdered
and buried beneath an orange tree, and that
the luscious fruit that came therefrom was
nurtured with his blood. Splendid simile to
suggest the final thought. By the graves of
our martyrs we plant our seedlings, little
trees of liberty that are nourished with the
blood of our President. McKinley Is but the
last of them, but the whole host passes in
review. All over the country. East and West,
North and) South, these trees are planted i by
the graves of Lincoln. Garfield and of Mc-
Kinley, and they Fhall grow and grow until
they become fat, and their mighty boughs shall
extend far beyond the confines of our own
land. Thus shall God grant our prayers that
good shall come out of evil, and blessing out
of affliction, and the increase .of liberty out of
this foul deed that has put a nation in mourn
ing. God bless the new President. May he
fellow in the footsteps of William McKinley.
Grave for the Latest Martyr.
I can understand the resentment in the heart
of the people to-d£.y — a resentment that might
easily give expression to retaliation and
vengeance — but this is the time to be careful
and considerate, because it is a time that tries
men's hearts. In the presence of the dead we
must ponder a. moment upon the great bless
ings to which he has contributed and which
he bequeaths to the people he loves bo well.
That must ba our theme for contemplation.
Alas, alas, the President is dead, struck by
the hand of a foul assassin but brethren, we
must be persuaded that God still exists, as the
Immortal Garfield said, and that the Govern
ment at Washington still lives. We have our
legacies, and no anarchy can rob us of them.
From the earliest dawn of man until to-day,
liberty has been purchased with blood, safety
with Facrifice and national happiness with the
immolation of the people's greatest and best
beloved.
Brethren, I am unfortunately compelled to
change the lesson which has been prepared for
you in order to take official notice of the death
of the President of the United States. , which
cad news reached us during the night. Alas,
that we must now change the joyous strains
cf our songs of praise into a lament and an
elegy; for thougri we are in the midst of
lejoicirg, so far as the order of our feast Is
concerned, this sudden calamity robs us of all
delight, and with all the people of the United
States we don the habiliments of mourning and
etand by the bier of the assassinated Presi
dent.
Joy Chang-ed to Sorrow.
At the Temple Emanu-El, Rabbi Voor
eanger substituted his prepared sermon
for an extemperaneous one dealing with
the great tragedy at Buffalo.
Men and women joined in the recital of
the "Kaddish," or "Prayers for the
Dead," which are ordinarily only said by
those who have lost a parent during the
year. The scene was an impressive one,
as the entire congregation recited ihe
beautiful words and tears coursed down
the faces of hundreds in the place of wor
ship.
Tne address of Rabbi Voorsanger was
in part as follows:
The various Jewish places of worship
•were crowded to the doors and the- con
gregation! listened with bowed Beads and
tear-dimmed eyes to the words of the
rabbis as they -extolled the manifold vir
tues of the nation's martyred chieftain
and denounced the vile teachings that had
raised the hand of the cowardly assassin
ag-alnst the chosen head of the republic.
Special prayers were offered up for the
repose of the soul of the dead President
and heartfelt words were uttered that the
ruler of the universe might vouchsafe
comfort to the bereaved wife and rela
tives and bring consolation to them and
to the millions who share in their grief.
The- death of President McKln
ley cast a gloom over the festivities and
Instead of Joy and gladness there were
ETief and pain. f :
SADNESS and sorrow prevailed at
the services held yesterday In the'
various synag-og-ues In this city
in. honor of the celebration of the
Jewish New Year, or Rosh Ho
shanah.
w -v yHEN the first news of Presi-
«L / dent McKinley's assassination
/Bk / was posted on the bulletin
M/ WJ boards of this city and before
¥ ¥ the name of the assassin
!.;.- could bo learned citizens at
once declared that the yellow
press should be held accountable for the
crime. On the streets, in the churches
Many Members of Pacific-Union
Club Sign Petition— Agitation
in Other Leading Clubs.
Joy of New Year's Celebration
Turned to Sorrow, While Clergy
and Laity Mourn Martyr.
RABBIS' TRIBUTES
TO DEAD PRESIDENT
MAKE TEARS FLOW
CLUB MEN DEMAND
THE RESIGNATION OF
WILLIAM R. HEARST
NATIONS SHARE AMERICA'S SORROW
THE SAN FBANCISCp; CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
FERVENT WORDS OF SYMPATHY
AND TRIBUTES TO THE DEAD
FROM THE WORLD'S RULERS
-"-":•" of the President's, death. All
audiences at the Vatican have been sus-
P 1?rom" the towers of "Westminster Abbey,
from the gray buildings where the gov
ernment of the empire is administered,
¦— - ONDON, Sept. 14.— A special dis-
Rj patch from Rome says the Pop©
if prayed an hour to-day for the
£§ soul of President McKinley. The
g _J Pontiff wept with uncontrollable
T emotion on receiving the news
25
Addres.The VON MOHL CO., 734 B,
forrest ImMTten of Standard
jEjiauTniUUcCS. CINCINNATI, OHIO.
Weak Men
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood,
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Seeled Mail.
PROP. JULE3 LABORDE,
DISCOVKBEH Of -CAI/TltOS."
•CALT0OS" is put before you on itn merit*
tlone. Trr it and put it to the test. Try It free.
Th«re is no eecnritr required— no C. 0. 1), scheme.
Send ni your name and nddreM, and w« v ill tend
yon enough -CALTHOS" to Jut f?ve days. II
will ¦>« wnt Id u *«-»lr<1 parlin^e by nail.
The marvelous French remedy "fALTIMSS"
recently introduced in this country by the Von Mohl
Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of the larg^t, richest
and most responsible business firnn in the United
fctat n, has attracted the , attention of the entire
medical profent>ion becanee of tbo wonderful cures
It has efiected. If you suffer from Lust Manhood,
Varicocele, Weakness of any nature in tbe Sexual
Org&ne or Nerves, ( no matter liow caused,) or if tbe
parts are undeveloped or bare shrunken or wasted
e.w«T "CALTHOS" -Bill r<f tore you.
**CAI*T!IO3f " is the discovery of Prof. Jules La-
borde. famed in Paris as France's foremost specialist.
"CAXTlipS" is tbe only remedy recoenfzed by
tbe medical rrnfepsion a« » specific cure for %»esk men.
the endorsement of tbe Ger-
man and French goveraments, and is largely used in
tbe standing armies of those countries.
All corrMpondence relating to the ** CAI/THOS "
department of our busineRs is strictly confidential.
We neither publish uor furnish testimonials.
I El - . ¦*' ¦•?-*.
H To feel young again! To realize the joyous sparkle of nerve
§ life as it infuses the body with its glowing vitality; to feel
§ the magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to be happy,
H light-hearted and full of joyous impulses; to be free from
ea spells of despondency, from brain- wandering, from the dull,
B stupid feeling; to have confidence, self-esteem arifl the ad-
g miration of men and .women! Such is the wish of the
B! broken-down man, and it may be gratified.
ty ... . . ,
d ¦ ¦'¦&&&*''• •' ¦
ra Men who are "only half men" can be made the most perfect specimens of phy«t-
Ijf, cal manhood by wearing Dr. McliaughUn"s Electric Belt. It Is worn for sir or eight
" . hours dally, mostly during sleep. It pours a glowing stream of electric energy into the
I E3 weakened nerves and organs, fllllm: them with the vigor of youth. From the first day
j gT] a new spirit of manhood is felt In the veins, the joyous ambition ot youth springs
j gn forth, . and you are again a "man iimong men."'
1 Or Mclayghiin's Electric Belt
I £?j Has made thousands of homes* happy. It is as good for women as for men. Man and
I rj wife can use the same Belt. The regula tor makes it strong cr mild to suit the wearer.
' eV. It is the only Electric Belt In the world that can be regulated while on the body. You
I H feel the power, but it does not burn and blister as do the old-style bare metal electrode
I 53 iel' 8 - I* you are weak or In pain It will cure you.
|. IT WILL CURB YOU.
i S -^(Tb tf"btf~fcrb C^ITRF^l It has cures In every town and hamlet In the conn-
i P «J"U>VJ"U'*J' W*JI\.I—s» try cures after everything else had failed.. Call
R and test my belt free, cr. If you can't do that, send for my book about It, free also.
Hj If you have one of those old-style belts which fall to pieces, the kind that burns
• zj (mine does not burn) or the kind that gives no current, I will take it in trade. Don't
! •« , delay, as I can h»lp you. . .
' 2> ! NOTE— "When you use Dr. McLsuishl In's Electric Belt you are under the. care of a
• uH.- physician." Agents or Drug Stores are never allowed to> sell these goods.
m ¦¦ ¦¦¦ / . ; ; .
S RR MT MH AI IAHI I W 702 MarketSt -» cor. Kearoy,
E!9dSH33ESSaaBS3BSSafflHS13B29HI3l9IBflBlIfliaBHl]BUFFALO, Sept. l^-Four member* of
the Cabinet— Secretaries Long, Hitchcock
and Wilson and Postmaster General Smith
—held an informal conference at the Buf
falo Club at 4 o'clock this evening." The
meeting , lasted fifteen minutes. The
members gave; their assent to plans
whereby the, funeral services' at the Mil
burn ! house were advanced to , 11 a. . m. to
permit the lying in state of the body at
the City Hall to-morrow afternoon. The
rest of the. time » was taken up In a dis
cussion, of later funeral arrangements. '
The members of the Cabinet this even
ing had not yet [regained, the composure
dispelled by the event. of the early.morn
ing hours. With' some ot them it seemed
Impossible to , conceal their grief at -• the
untimely. loss of their great leader. Those
of , them who ¦¦ could : find the heart to give
expression -to' sentiments in tribute of the
dead President were sudcinct but unmis
.takable in: their utterances.- ¦¦-.¦¦¦ -r . v <¦••¦
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— The tolling of
bells about 3 o'clock this ; morning ap
prised the people of this city of the death
of President McKinley. : -The crowds: had
left the bulletin boards and hotel corri
dors and other places where »-the news of
the President's condition was to be had,
and the streets had taken on their usual
appearance at that hour of the night
when the announcement of the Presi
dent's death was received. Within a quar-
first to break the news to him. The new
President .was. visibly affected ,by the in
telligence and expressed a desire to reach
Buffalo as soon as, possible. Within one
minute. after his arrival • at North Creek
he boarded the special train, which; at
once . pulled out in the direction of Buf
falo, via Saratoga and Albany. "He did
not complain of fatigue -but looked some
what pale and careworn. < ¦
ALBANY. X. TV, Sept. 14.— When Theo
dore Roosevelt and his guides left the
Tahawaus Club early yesterday morning
on a hunting expedition, the Vice Presi
dent fully believed that President Mc-
Kinley was entirely out of danger and on
the rapid road to recovery. The hunting
party moved in' the direction of Mount
Marcy. the highest peak in the Adiron
dacke region. They had not been gone
over three hours when a mounted courier
rode rapidly Into the Tahawaus Club with
messages to the Vice President, stating
that President McKinley was In a critical
condition. The message had been tele
graphed to North Creek and from there
telephoned to a point ten miles south of
Tahawaus. Extra guides -and runners
were at once deployed from, the club In
the direction of Mount Marcy, with In
structions to sound a general alarm in
order to find the Vice President as soon
as possible.
The far-reaching megaphones and the
Body of the President to Lie
in State in the City
Hall.
Slumbering New York is
Awakened by Melan
choly Sounds.
CABINET MEN
IN CONFERENCE
Thrilling Ride of the New
President to the Near
est Train.
With the dawning of the day flags were
run up • to half-mast on official buildings
and hotels and on all the public bulldinps
and schools, and by 7 o'clock black drap
ings were being hung from many of the
buildings. •
Sir Thomas Lipton to-day sent the fol
lowing message from Sandy Hook: .
"I am very much pained and grieved In
the sad news regarding the President"?
death, all the more-so as I had a most
cheering telegram from his brother on the
10th saying he was happy to inform me
that the doctors looked for. a speedy re
covery. His death is a loss to. the whole
world and- it will be felt .; nowhere more
than among the British, people.". » ,- ; , ,;
; When asked if 'he 'wished to say any
thing regarding , the postponement of j :h3
international <, yacht -race, Sir : Thomas
begged to be. excused from touching on
the subject until the challenge committee
of the New; York Yacht Club shall have
metv: and. formulated -'a. plan;,- From
another source it ' was learned, howevr-r.
that by reason- of the pressing business
engagements of.- Mr. -Jameson. -Mr. Wat
son and Charles Russell, the , latter belns*
the representative of Sir Thomas on board
the Columbia, theywould be unable to re
main in America -for more than three
weeks from to-day. \ Without them Sir
Thomas would not care to race the Sham
rock. vSoit Is hoped the date, of the ilrst
race^can be fixed In .time to confovni
,There will be a meeting of ; the ¦ challenge
committee at the New York Yacht Club
Monday to decide; about the race.
•¦¦•¦:¦•- "¦¦¦ '¦¦•.'•.: :¦¦•''¦'¦?'?'"¦¦*¦¦"?
ter of air hour the church bells had taken
up the message and In solemn tones
spread the sad tidings. • . .
•Dependent upon President Roosevelt's
policy in regard to reciprocity is his atti
tude upon the question of. revenue reduc
tion legislation, the plan of Secretary
Gage, who was supported by President
McKinley, was to maintain the present
tax laws and reduce receipts by entering
into reciprocity treaties -with foreign
countries, which would admit' their pro
ducts at reduced rates of customs taxa
tion in return for equivalent reductions
in their tax on goods imported from the
United States. - .
There is no doubt as to the new Presi
dent's policy as to ; the army and navy.
He will, favor the maintenance of the
army at its present strength and will ad
vocate an increase of the navy on even a
larger scale than that recommended by
President McKinley. .
mutual forbearance and by mutual con
cession all three questions can be prompt
ly and satisfactorily determined. Both
as an expansionist and as statesman Mr.
Roosevelt will cordially - indorse Mr.
Hay's negotiation of the treaty with Den
mark .under which I the United States will
purchase the Danish West Indies. This
treaty will not be signed, now without
Mr. Roosevelt's approval, but there is no
doubt of that.
TOLLING BELLS
TELL THE NEWS
ters upon the duties of President.
Shirking nothing, meeting every • emer
gency as it arose, Mr. McKinley and his
Cabinet effected . prompt settlement :or
blazed the way for a determination. Mr.
Roosevelt has distinct ideas of his own
on several important subjects— for in
stance, that of an American control of
the isthmian Canal, and if he presses his
view an entire reversal of the policy in
the negotiations with Great Britain will
occur. Thus will be thrown back into its
unsettled state a controversy which" has
for years been the cause of serious -dis
cussion by the United States and Great
Britain, and which is on eve of termina
tion by reason of Mr. Hay's advocacy of
a neutral waterway. •
Mr. Roosevelt has cordially approved
the policy pursued -by Mr.-. McKinley. and
Mr. Hay in, respect tto China;'. .China is
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET
N. WJ, WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.
—No questions of international or
national importance that have not
been at least partially solved
. confront Mr. Roosevelt as he en-
anxious to secure Russia's withdrawal,
but this and other governments would
probably protest if the Peking Govern
ment, in order to accomplish It, should
give preferential advantages to its north
ern neighbor.
The status of Porto Rico has been de
termined. While order does not exist in
all parts of the Philippines, the insurrec
tion has been crushed and the institution
of civil government has commenced. Un
less, he should call Judge Taft to Wash
ington to assume the -War portfolio,- Mr.
Roosevelt Is expected to leave the Philip
pine Commission as now constituted and
to continue the policy- framed by his pre
decessor. This much is certain: Mr.
Roosevelt purposes to maintain the Amer
ican flae over the Far Eastern hemis
phere, to stamp out every vestige of in
surrection and to establish and preserve
order. • ... . .
.The Alaskan boundary mattery is tem
porarily disposed of .by the modus Vivendi
negotiated by Secretary Hay and those
who appreciate Mr. Roosevelt's sturdy
Americanism understand . that he will
fully support Mr. Hay's purpose not to
surrender a foot of American territory
to another nation. An administration of
ficial said to-day that by the exercise of
When Colonel Roosevelt was reached
and informed of the critical condition of
the President he could scarcely believe
the burden of the messages personally de
livered to him. Startled at the serious
nature of the news the Vice President at
5:45 o'clock at once started back for the
Tahawaus Club. In the mean time tho
Adirondack stage line placed at his dis
posal relays of horses covering the thirty,
ttve miles to North Creek. A deluKinir
thunderstorm had rendered the roads un
usually heavy. -Without any delay he
moved as rapidly as possible" in
the direction of North Creek, the
northern terminus of the Adiron
dacks Railroad, where . his secretary
William Loeb Jr., -and Superintendent 1 C*
D. Hammond of the Delaware and Hud
son Railway, with a special train., were
awaiting his arrival. : Soon after Colonel
Roosevelt started night came on and made
the trip very difficult and dangerous as
mile after mile was traveled in almost im
penetrable darkness, but, the expert
guides piloted the Vice President^ safely
to his objective* point. Not until he dashed
up to the special train at North Creek at
5:22 o'clock this' morning, did he' learn
that President McKinley . had passed
away at Buffalo at 2:15 o'clock. Mr Loeb
Colonel • Roosevelt's secretary,- was the
rifle-cracking signals of the mountain
climbing guides, as hour after hour
oassed away, marked the passage of the
-Torching mountaineers, as they climbed
tht> r*eep ridges of Mount Marcy. Just as
the atLir*or«n began to merge with the
shadows o» r«-cly evening and as- -the
searchers were rearing the summit of the
lofty mountain, the responsive echoes of
distant slgnifis were heard and answered
and the scouts and the Roosevelt party
came within hearing distance of each
other. \ , : .
In this connection It may be said that
the officials of the Secret Service have
abandoned the idea of proving that a
conspiracy existed looking to the
assassination of President McKinley. On
tho contrary, they assert and believe that
the assassin became Imbibed with per
nicious ideas obtained from his associa
tion with anarchists and from reading
unwholesome literature and believed him
self ordained to carry out the suggestions
he heard and read. • - ¦
No chances whatever will be taken for
a repetition of the tragedy, at the Buffalo
Exposition, and an effort will be made to
prevent as far as possible any crowds
congregating- about the President to pay
respects to him or make any other dem
onstration. This rule will be rigidly en
forced regardless of the solicitation by
municipal bodies, citizens' reception com
mittees and others. The sole aim of the
United States Secret Service officials will
be to get the President to Washington,
where he may be free from any intrusion
upon him.
during the present troubled condition of
affairs and any one acting the least sus
picious will be dealt with In a summary
manner. ,
RAPID SEARCH
FOR ROOSEVELT
instructions have been cent to the
operatives of this service now at Buffalo
not to allow the President to remain -un
protected for an Instant.
It will rest largely with the President
himself as to the personnel of his body
guard until he arrives at "Washington.
Details for the care and safety of the
President will be entrusted officially to
the Secret Service Agent, S. M. Ireland,
•whose headquarters Is at Rochester, N:
Y., Buffalo being Included in his jurisdic
tion. . • : '¦-
It has been Intimated that the Presi
dent might object to a body-guard, inas
much as he has always shown his ability
to take care of himself, but in this in
stance he may be induced to defer to
popular Bentlment. Night and day a
guard will be maintained at whatever
place the President may elect to stop
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.
— Every precaution possible Is be
ing taken by the officials of the
Secret Service looking to the
safety of President Roosevelt* and
Special IMspatch. to The Call.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SECRET SERVICE MEN
GUARDING THE PRESIDENT
PROBLEMS OF VAST IMPORTANCE
WILL NOT WORRY ADMINISTRATION
OFFICIAL FAMILY OF THE LATE PRESIDENT WH8 WILL TENDER RESIGNATIONS AFTER LAST SAD RTTES HAVE BEEN PERFORT1ED. I
MARSHAL DECLARES
MAGGIO WAS LYNCHED
killing-, has been lynched.
Marshal Foraker cave no details, but
stated that his Information came from the
Sheriff of Grant County.
DENVER. Sept. 14.— The rumored lynch
ing of Magglo, the alleged anarchist, at
Silver City, N. M., Is not credited here.
The Rocky Mountain News correspondent
at Silver City wired this morning deny
ing a similar report which had gained
currency here, and to-night the Silver
City telegraph office Is reported closed for
the nljht.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.—
Chief Wllkle of the secret
service to-night received a
dispatch from United States
Marshal Foraker at Albu
querque, N. M., gtating that
Antonio Magglo, the cornet
ist, who is alleged to have predicted that
the President would be killed before Oc
tober and to have expressed regret that
he was not the man who was to do the
LOOPHOLES FOR AN ARGHI5TS CLOSED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNUAr, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
26
*fP*Y'A : -- 'Short Talk
The Great Prevalence i u r e » oC 5 uch t rea *»nenta that la more srate-
J.I1V, U1V.UI flCVUlUltt ful to the average man than anything elm
OF DISEASE AMONG MEX EITHER •» the ellrainatln* of painful processes and
directly located in some part of the the use of knife and instrument. The old-
nervous system or the result of weakness, time method, still employed by physicians,
dissipation or neglect, may be explained by requiring a patient to nnderEO torturing
the fact that this Is man's weakest part— operations, la one of the fearful eonse-
- the most easily affected, the most vital In queries of the troubles that Dr. Meyers Si
its relation to general' health, and requlr- (-'<>• have consigned to the past.
Ing the most proficient knowledge and ex- * •¦ *»• t w
.nerionce in its cure., All DlSCHSeS Ol AlCll
ln?o£nea th o? fhTalvanSnT 5TMSS XfSS?***^" Tic* *T? »™ ei *°'
medical and surgical treatments, yet few ,*L JT m rtS^t»Jm^HZ
are able to devote the time and expend the ' c f a h r a l J n , «/h.J Jl
money necessary, in equipping themselves Ef a i£._!«2 f £»f ,?* e L5'*AfJS l ,j£i ?.£*
for the modern treatment in men's diseases. ££«;»£«£^££1^*0" 'm^'fro'm onS
A Large Proportion ol Men .g- *f u j£^ *« &£
Who have come to us. for treatment have ers, from all parts of the State have been
admitted that their family physician seems freed from disease by these specialists
.at a loss Just how to treat* their disease, when all other physicians bad pronounced
Many patients have placed themselves them incurable.
under ' our care whose ¦- disease. Instead of £>r. Meyers & Co. have at Instant corn-
being benefited by such inadequate, treat- mand every curative agent, every known
ment had taken deeper root, in some cases facility for removing disease. No amount
having developed Into ailments very serl- of time or labor is considered too great if
ous in nature, which would have ultimate- it will spare a patient one moment's pain
ly resulted Jn that death which Is abhorred or Inconvenience. It may be said that even
•by every man. the location and arrangement of offices and
TVl(» lVTnrlprn Motfinric rooms is calculated to save patients time
:¦; ; lllC lVlOaCrn ineUlOCiS and afford them the privacy which la ap-
Of curing men's diseases, as "one might sup- Predated by the average man.
pose from his own knowledge of medical Hnmo Tiipov
science, aim to relteve the patient aa quick- ' ,V 11UU1B vUlti
ly as possible; not only curing the disease Men who a.re unable to visit the' office
.permanently, but curing it with . agencies will be treated through the math* Writo
which will leave no trace on the patient's for private book, diagnosis sheet, free ad-
constltutlcn and health. Perhaps the fea- vice, prices, etc. Consultation free.
DD MEYEDS & CO 731 Mark <* street,
UK. 111L.I JLKlJ 4* \J\J.f Sm Franclsco> cm *
V. H ? / HOURS^Dally, 9 to 12 and 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8: Sundays. 9 to 11.Wed at the Cathedral.
Robert A. Miller and Miss Rose A. Mc-
Caffery were married yesterday morning
at St. Mary's Cathedral. -There was a
nuptial mass, at which' Father "Hannigan
officiated. The couple departed for the
southern part of the State after the per
formance of the ceremony and the par
taking of an elaborate wedding breakfast.
M CHARMING event that is in
teresting social circles Is the
benefit performance for the
Alden I. S. S. Club, which
will take place on the after
noon of -September 28 at Cen
tury Hall. The delightful lit
tle play "Place aux Dames" will be given
with the following excellent cast:
Juliette— Miss Josephine Chapman.
Ophelia— Miss Dollie Chapman.
Lady Macbeth— Miss Mary Inglls.
Portia— Miss Lillian Quinn.
The play is to be produced under the
direction of William Wallace. After the
performance there v/ill be music by the
Fachutter orchestra and a reception.
Miss Mabel Ayers, president of the club,
will receive the guests. She will be as
sisted in her pleasant duties by the club
members. «
The marriage of Horace G. Tanner to
Miss Agnes Boyd took place Tuesday
evening at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr., and Mrs. Harry C. Boyd,
1510V£ Vallejo street, in the presence ot
relatives and the nearest friends of the
bridal couple. Preparations for the event
had been carefully planned and executed,
| and an abundance of flowers and smllax
! added to the artistic appearance of the
cheerful rooms. Promptly at 9:15 o'clock
Mr. Tanner, accompanied by his best man,
Charles W. Edgecoumbe, entered. He
was immediately followed by the brides
maid. Miss Elsie Boyd, sister of the bride,
and by the bride, who rested on the arm
of her father. Beethoven's wedding march
was rendered for the occasion. After the
ceremony an elaborate wedding supper
was served, and many happy responses
were made to the call for toasts, T. B.
Mayer acting as toastmaster. Miss Agnes
Boyd is the eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Harry C. Boyd. She is a prominent
Native Daughter, being a member of
Orinda Parlor,- N. D. G. W., of this city,
and is exceedingly popular among her
countless friends. Mr. Tanner enjoys a
large acquaintance, and has for | some
vears been connected with the firm of
Miller & Lux. Mr. and Mrs. Tanner were
the recipients of many handsome pres
; Mr. and Mrs. L. FViedman announce the
engagement of their daughter Rlcka to
Ben Baron, both of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Millie Levy and Ike Hassen.
Mr. and Mrs. A. "H. Aubln announce the
"engagement of their daughter Augustine
to Robert M. Barthold.
Miss Fannie Miner gave a box party at
the Alcazar on Saturday. The young la
dies invited were: Mies Lavlna Hoffacker,
Miss Jessie McNab, Miss Katherine Bull,
Miss Caro Cobb and Miss Simon, all of
.Miss Hamlin's school. Mrs. W. H. Miner
*chaperoned the party.
On Sunday evening, September 1, a party
was given to Joseph Jacobs in honor of
his twenty-first birthday at his residence,
1406 Mason street. Among those present
were: Misses Isabelle Herold, Ida Isaacs,
Bettie Sefkovltz, Elvlna Berard. Henriette
Priester. Martha Caen, Lena Gensler, An
nette Berard, Edna Herold, Jessie 5
Schweitzer, Elsie Herold, Bella Jacobs,
Tessie Gulnassa, Christine Becker, Clara
Ward, H. Green. F. Gurski and Rae Ja
cobs, and Messrs. Joseph Jacobs, Sam Ja
cobs, Louis Sefkcvltz, John Gindorff, Dave
Gronosky, Michael Gronosky, Ben Har
ris, Sam Schweitzer, Walter Kelly, Tom
Stromberg, Leo Herold, Chester Herold,
David-Caen, David Gardner, Edward Gro
nosky. W. S. Sass, Edward Anstett, Wil
liam Garren, John Callaghan. David First,
D. Belcovlch" and Henry Callaghan.
The thirty-fifth muslcale and hop given
by the McKenzle Musical Society will be
held on Thursday, September 19, at Odd
Fellows' Hall. The following programme
has been prepared for the evening: Selec
tions, orcheBtra^ Dlbben: "Zenda Waltz"
(Witmark), McKenzie 1 Musical Society;
"M'Appari" ("Martha," Flotow); W. . G.
Baudoin; :"Hear. Me, Norma" (Bellini),
Clara Sprauer and Eugenia Breltengross;
"Beyond the Gates of Paradise," Master
George Kroger and McKenzie Musical So
ciety; "In Sunny Spain" (Schlelffarth),
Dr. and Mrs. H. B. Wright have re
turned to the city after an extended visit
Lily Laws; "Lost Chord" (Sullivan), ar
ranged by McKenzle, McKenzie Musical
Society; "Whistling Solo," . Elizabeth
Nellaf. "La Chacha," in Spanish, Paloma
Quartet— Lily Laws, Ethel Carroll, Millie
Murray," Eugenia Breltengross: "Per
fumes of the Orient" Waltz (Bellinghi),
Clara Sprauer; "When the Harvest Days
Are Over," Master Donald Cameron and
McKenzle Musical Society; "Daughters of
Golden AVest" March, arranged by Mc-
Kenzie, McKenzle Musical Society.
On Sunday, September 8, Miss Theresa
St. C. Bryant of San Diego and Paul B.
Dithlefsen of Japan were married at St.
Paul's Church, Father Kennedy officiat
ing. Miss N. Bryant gave the bride away
and Frank Bryant was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Gasdmann are spend
ing the month of September in the Santa
Cruz Mountains: • ¦
Mrs. M. Bonder, who has been residing
in Los Angeles for the past year, is here
visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Tre
gay of 3340 Twenty-first street. , . . .
Mrs. Henry Kahn of Oakland and
daughters have returned from a trip to
San Jose.
Mrs. Frank Winton . of Haywards has
returned from a trip to Capitola.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool and Miss Helen Per
main of Oakland have returned from a
visit to San Jose.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Late arrivals
at Gilroy Hot Springs include: From
San Francisco— Miss E. F. Morgan, Mrs.
E. Crack, T. H. Heine, Mrs. M. Crack,
Alexander Teller. Mrs. ML Smith. C. J.
Ruff. Dick Hollings, Ed S. Campbell,
Henry S. Clapp, Martin J. Foley, William
A. Day, Miss L. H. Higgins. Max Her
mann. Charles L. Swift. M. S. Turner.
Miss E. A. Wheeler. M. S. Stanley. B. N.
Morrison, Theo F. Ricks, E. M. Sawyer,
T. E. Volker, N. Mattes and L. D. Hinds.
From Gilroy— Dr. Jack Clark. Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. "Berftiett, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Hacker. From San Rafael— Mr. and Mrs.
John M. Klein. From Hollister— Mrs. K.
Shaw. Miss Susie Shaw, Miss Alia Weils.
R, Shaw. From Paris. France— A. Kuhl
mann. From Louisville. Kentucky— John
J. Walter. From Los Gaios— J. D. Poin
dexter, U. A. From Alameda— Mrs. L.
Larsen. Louis Larsen, F. R. Peterson, J.
J. Stafford. From Oakland— William E.
Younger. F. Muller. G. M. Barretts. C. li.
Elliott. From Santa Cruz — D. Conran. C.
M. Collins, E. F. Wallsen. From Jamea
town—Frank Mayer.
"2 HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Judge and Mrs.
B. c. Denson are here for a few weeks'
* J/N. H. Irwin returned to the city Mon
day, after a two weeks' rest at Highlands.
Fred Lucker and Mrs. McDonald are up
for a few weeks' stay.
Joseph Hollywood and two young sons
of Alameda are at the hotel.
L. Cadogan of Oakland returned to the
city Saturday after a week's visit.
E. H. Gerst of San Francisco is here.
After the parade a sumptuous banquet
was offered the guests, with Mr. Sam
Stanyan as toast master. Musical num
bers by the orchestra were interspersed
between the- toasts, and the toast to
President McKinley was an elo.quent trib
ute. - " •
On Monday night there was a grand
ball, followed by a sumptuous midnight
repast.
Officers of the parade— Marshal of the
day, J. Van Nostrand; chairman of liter
ary exercises, Bruce Cornwall; orator of
the day, Grattan Phillips; poet of the day,
J. Lerman;. marshal of second division of
the parade, A. F. Schleicher; queen Cali
fornia, Harry Wood Brown: marshal
amazon drill team, Alvina Heuer Wilson
The programme of Monday, September*
9, was as follows: Forenoon, a bullshead
breakfast, followed- by a parade consisting
of three divisions. First division, mar
shal, J. Van Nostrand, consisted of Stan
ford Parlor Drill Corps. Second division
marshal, A. F. Schlelcher; a roaming
army, comprising all nationalities and
characters, following "Queen California "
ably personated by Mr. Harry Wood
Brown. Third division, marshal, Alvina
Heuer Wilson, comprising the amazons
In their famous tactics.
The following committes had charge of
the affair: Executive committee — S. Stan
yan. chairman: A. F. Schleicher, E. G.
Fisher, F. Boden, J. Lerman and J.
Xash. Amusement committee— A. 'F
Schleicher, chairman;' D. A. Cur tin, G
Phillips. J. McCarthy. Accommodation
committee — E. G. Fisher, chairman- P J
Martenstein, H. D. Lansing. W. D. Hyiies'
Refreshment committee— F. C. Boden
chairman: A. C. Trauvetter, J. Green
bergr, J. W. Hardiman. Press committee —
J. Lerman. chairman: J. A. Lenahan H
D. Lansing. W, D. Hynes. Transporta
tion committee-G. A. Laughlin, chair
man: J. M. Campodonico, J. Lewis 'J
Nash. '
Accompanist Fletcher Tllton
Stage Manager A. F. Schleicher
MARK WEST SPRIXGS-Stanford Par
lor No. 76, N. S. G. W., celebrated Ad
mission day at Mark West Springs, Santa
Rosa County. About ••Ixty-flve members
and friends of the parlor left for the
springs on Saturday evening, September
7, arriving at 8 o'clock. The hotel and
grounds were beautifully decorated and
illuminated. After dinner an informal re
ception was held. Sunday, September 8,
was devoted to excursions to the various
points of interest in the forenoon, and a
sacred concert In the afternoon. In the
evening Cellier*s "Specter Knight" was
given, al fresco. Nature provided the
scenery, and the "haunted glen through
which the specter knight roamed" was a
picture never to be forgotten. The ope
retta was beautifully sung and spiritedly
acted, and reflected great credit on A. F.
Schleicher. the stage manager. The cast
was as follows:
Duke A. F. Schleicher
Lord Chamberlain E. Moore
Otho (Specter Knight)
Harry Wood Brown
First Lady in Waiting.... Miss L. Roeder
Second Lady In Waiting
Mrs. C. Parent Jr.
Viola Alvina Heucr Wilson
Goldendi II. Van Valkenberg
Dandineer A. F. Nye
Bozenhand Philip Heuer
Linkenfrlll S. Stanyan
Pages and attendants.
Judge F. M. AngellottI, Dr. and Mrs.
W. J. Wiekman and Miss M. J. Sweeney
of San Rafael nave returned home after
a delightful week at Highlands.
F. W. King of the well known firm of
Hawley, King & Co. of Los Angeles and
I. G. Lothian of \V. P. Fuller & Co. of
the same city have returned home after
several days' visit.
Mrs. L. H. Lamborn of Alameda, who
is here for the benefit of the waters, ac
companied by her friend, Mrs. J. Greene,
is receiving much benefit.
Miss H. A. Foree of I^akeport is spend
ing a few weeks at the hotel.
J. G. Green, a well known banker of
Alhambra City, accompanied by his old
time friend, J. H. Lovejoy, a prominent
druggist of Napa, made Highlands a short
visit.
drinking: the mineral waters and enter
taining the guests with some very fine
singing.
/\T THE SUMyVVER, RE^ORXS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
27
RELATING TO SOCIETY
" By throwing a scoopful of sugar in the
face of a thief who commanded her- to
hold up her hands, Mrs.. Herman Yentsch,
who was in her husband's store at Ellza
bethport, N. J., blinded and put him to
flight. '
B. ; B. Coy," livery stable man at 2018
Polk street, swore to" a complaint in Judge
Cabanlss' court yesterday for the arrest
of George Wagner, draughtsman In the
office of F. H. Meyer, architect, Chronicle
building-, on the charge of cruelty to ani
mals. , Wagner hired a team from Coy on
the night of September 7 to drive with
four friends to Redwood City, and return
on the evening of September 9. Coy al
leges that they drove to ; San Jose and
used the horses bo cruelly on the return
trip that one of them died in the stable
and the t other Is dying. Coy reported
matte/ to the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelyto Animals, and he was advised
to swear to. the complaint. . . . .
Drives Horse to Death.
In Washington and Oregon. They are at
present located at the Hotel Brooklyn.
Mr. and Mrs. Bernheim of Napa were
the guests of Mrs. B. E. Henriksen and
Miss A. Mendelson on September 8 and 9
at their residence, 1336-40 Fell street. .
Miss M. Canahan of 330 O'Parrell street
left for New York City on the 5th lnst.
to be gone five weeks.
Mrs. Sol Getz will be at home the last
Thursday of every month at her resi
dence, 507. Devisadero street. .
Mrs. I. Gunzbarger, 1907 Sutter street,
will be at home on every Monday of the
month., , '¦-'¦: • • •
A banquet In honor of the one-hun
dredth meeting of the Phi Psl Fraternity
was given by that fraternity at the Cali
fornia Hotel on Saturday evening, Sep
tember 7. " , ' V " ' .
Miss Marguerite Genevlev* Lyons and
Bernard W. Clements were married on
Wednesday • evening, September 11,: at
Sacred Heart Church.* Mr. Clements is
cashier, of the New \ York, Life Insurance
Company at Los Angeles, In which city
the happy couple will make their home. .
Morton L. Cookls registered at the. Im
perial Hotel, New .York. ,
i Mr. and : Mrs. Sam Lesaynsky announce
the engagement of their daughter Maude
to Dr. O. Tobririer. Mfss -Leszynsky will,
be at home, 1822 Post street, to her friends
on Wednesday afternoon, September 18. ,. :
AMUSEMENTS.
How After Two Years. She Found a
'..'.-. '.'.'.'. Remedy for! Dandruff. - \ .':. .
# Miss Rosa McAhan of 211 .West Quartz
street, Butte, Mont., says: "Herplcido
has thoroughly cleansed my scalp of dan-
druff, which was entirely covered; and
"It has stopped my falling hair. I have
tried many, different preparations in the
past two years, but none took effect ex-
cept Newbro'B Herpicide." Dandruff is a
germ disease and Herpicide is an Infal-
lible destroyer of the germ. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Kill the
dandruff germ., Ask your druggist for
Herpicide. It 1b a delightful dressing; al-
lays itching;* makes the hair soft as nllk.
MISS ROSA McAHAU" OF BUTTE.
ON EXHIBITION. OXE SIDE OF
v - r whose face ls badly wrinkled, will's
the other side has been made smooth and
youthful by the, physician In charge— the
difference in the two sides being almost
beyond belief— astonishing the crowds of
admiring: and wondering ladies who call
to see her. Hundreds -of the best people
of this city and State have been made
from twenty to thirty years younger in
appearance by. this treatment: the meth-
ods employed insuring against ' the
wrinkles' return In the future. Call an-l
see her; "•seeing is believing, Ill-shaned
noses, double chin,' saggy checks, droop-
ing mouth; puffy, baggy lids corrected.
Freeklj-s, hair, moles, Warts, scars and
all marks and blemishes removed. N1S\V
-YORK ' INSTITUTE OK ' DERMA-
TOLOGY. Columbian Building, 016 Market
St.- (opposite Kmporlum), San Francisco.
Consultation trctt and strictly confidential.
Lady In reception; Take elevator to flfth
! floor. ¦'-;•! '"» . ¦ .
««k CMICHCOTCR'S CNCUSM '
Pehnyroyal pills
B-~<^r*V '. Orlrlml «nd Only Uenolnfi.
"K —pfif2»UJiW»«rtt)U)iu Take woof fcer. Befa*«
vn V% *X| l»s«rtroo« Hubitltntlons ami iiulu-
I / ." " '• fo *'•"»• B "/ of J mat Orngfiit. er wsd 4*. (m
I J» ' -~Jr Huijilbf Pdrtlonlnrm, Tcwtlraanlalc
_A. * // tnr. Mall. 1 0.OUO Tmiaoniaii. S»I4b)
„ *"/ snnn»jjl««. ChlehMlerChemlesl l^o-
tfcBtlosUU paper, ilndl»o» Square, I'niLA.. l'£
t BELLBVUE HOTEL.
J P. O. EX. VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station I
• King* Crossing), on California Northweitern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
SI per <Say and upward. PETER GOL'ILHAR-
DOt:. Le««f*. • •¦«;
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.-H^pland to Bartletf^prinKii,
via Lakeport. rarryine pa«senfren for Lake-
port and Bartlett Bpringr. Stage* connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hoplend at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 2:30; arrive ait
Bartlett Spring* at 7:S0. New 6-horse 11-pas-
rencer tourUt wacons, made to order for thin
r'iff Hne. with all the most modem improve-
ments. PafisenKers for I^akeport or Bartlptt
r-pringn call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etage Line. t
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors; :
£JB lQ51KlBXITST.tot.6ti*7th > S.I'.Cal.
Tbe Largest Aaatontical Museum in Ibe
- JjB .^ World. Weaknesses er any contracted
Kg fin *seaie positively cared by the oldest
laSSl Specialist on life Coast. Est. 36 years, '
fiSCft DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
Iwlltl Consultation free and strictly private.
I jjtfm m Treatment personally or by letter. A
¦ flr W H J'ttitive Curt in erery case undertaken.
m n 11 A Writi for Book. PHILOiiaPHV of
• if . I! W HABBIAtiE. MAIL.SD PRES. ( A
0 |ip valuable book for mm)
DR. JORDAN A €O.. 1051 Market S t , ?. F.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
tVENINCS AT8SH\RP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
IMPORTANT* NOTfCEt
S«ats held for Matin**, September 14. Must
Po»ltlve!y be Exchanged by TUESDAY, Sep-
tember 17.
GRANDOPERA
PAUL. STEINDORFF Musical Director .
TO-NIGHT^- CARMEN
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 16th
Owing to the Enormous Demand.
" Monday, ! Wednesday, Friday, Saturday.
l AilvT The F?ncst
9 ft-S I 1 n\ I Production
s riyy § n"^"
PERFECT CAST.
Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday Nights
and Saturday Matinee.
THE GREATEST DRAWING CARD OF ALL
I CARMEN
Season, '^¦¦¦^^¦¦¦¦¦r'
With GOLLAMARINI.
Popular Prices— 25c, 50c and 75c.
' Telephone Bush 9.
GRANDS
IjAST MATINEE AND EVENING OP "QTJO
Week Bejrlnnlnc V f^M C WlROW (MONDAY)
EVENIXO,
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In a Grand Scenic Production of Sir Edward.
¦ I.ytton Butwer's Masterpiece,
"RIOHBIilEU."
JOSEPH HAWORTH as Cardinal Richelieu.
Through the courtesy of Melbourne Mac-
dowell MISS FLORENCE- STONE will be
seen as JULIE DE MORTEMAR, on account
of the Illness of Miss Hall.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 13c. 23c. 50c. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 23c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— JOSEPH HAWORTH la
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy.
THE TAMING OF
THE SHRLW.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
RAGES.
EMERYVILLE PARK.
GOLDEN GATE RACE MEETING.
HARNESS RACING.
* ' - ¦ ¦ " * ¦*
MONDAY • .. 2:U Trot
TUESDAY 2:12 Pactnjf
WEDNESDAY .....". 2:30 Trot
THURSDAY • 2:1« Trot
FRIDAY 2:" Trot
SATURDAY •• 2:12 Pacing
Three or More Running Races Every Day.
Commencing MONDAY, September 16th, and
" Every Day for 8 Days Thereafter.
FINEST AND FASTEST HORSES
¦ IN CALIFORNIA.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1b A GREAT RESTOKAT1VE. IX.V1GOK*.
tor and Nervine. •
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy toe Diseases of the Kld«
neya and Bladder. < 8ella on Its own merits. ¦
NABER.- ALFS * BRUNE. Agent*,
S3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦aHHHMmHHHflBM
• NEW DEPARTMENT.^
™e GOLDEN GATE
GLOAKand SUIT HOUSE
Has added a Misses* and Children's Department to It? im-
mense stock of LADIES' TAILORED SUITS, JACKETS,
CAPES, SKIRTS and FURS.
POPULAR PRICES. •
. ; ' In order to expedite sales we shall thus offer this week the very la-
test style of MISSES* and CHILDREN'S DRESSES. RAGLANS and
.JACKETS at prices that will conquer.
iii $8.50, $10.00, $12.50.
The latest style RAGLANS, excellent ma-
terial. first-clas3 tailoring, best values ever
Tailored Suit $20.00.
. '^ HIGH GRADE VENETIAN TAILOR
ft ' 1 : SUITS, novelty Eton jacket, with silk and vel-
tk. Vvct trimminR; skirt is the latest cut. 12 rows
Hft silk stitching, elegantly silk and velvet trim-
Wji med,* lined throughout with silk moreen; ex-
Bffl cellent value at $27.50; our low price..^.
f Tailored Suit $10.00.
' PURE WOOL BLACK VENETIAN
TAILOR SUIT; new Eton or Box effects.
y; newest cut skirt, with 20 rows of silk stitching,
first-class tailoring; full value $15.00: our
low price •••••••••••.•,••••••••••••••• v- 1 -*'*^'"
FUR DEPARTMENL
ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES, with Astrakhan yoke. at"|
$6.50, $7.50, $10.0O, $12.50. $15.00 LOWCSt
RIVER MINK CAPES, ruffled, at '
......$15.00, ?it.5o. $20.00 Market
NEAR SEAL CAPES at $20.00, $25.00. $3O.00
FUR JACKETS at ..r HPlCeS.
.... .$17.5O, $20.00, $25.00, $35.00, $50.00 J
1 230, 1 232, 1234 Market St.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦¦B»BMaa«B»BaaBMni
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
- FlfEEl FHEEl
BSSanSfBSBQK fs permanently removed by EH.
KflPgfc "id MRS. A. \V. TRAVERSE,
|3J5V§|aHH| Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
jM|Vs«^irawlth the electric needle, without
laSaEffi 'Ajfpain or scar. First Bitting free.
B*»i3g<J».» Sit Hours. - 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
¦MK?^J| Toilet Crearn. 50c; Brahman Tooth
BPHwr — 1»* Powders, 25c. All druggists.
MMnKtf^MagLurge stock always at J. S. Potts
Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a copy of this fine
book at the premium price of
$1.50. None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas.
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready for distribution about
September 23.
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
Presented with sslendld ' Scenic
' Investment and an admirable Cast.
Including, MISS ISABELLE EVESSON.
PRICES - $1.50, $1.00, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c.
A
MODERN
GRUSQE
In Sydney Rosenf eld's Comic
Romantic Play,
THOS. Q. M
seabrooKe
Every Night Including Sundays. Matinee Sat-
urday.
MR. MELVILLE STOLTZ I \
fresents the Eminent Comedian,
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT,
TWO JOYOUS WEEKS.
OAI II AID I A SAN FRANCISCO'S
VULVmUlM LEADING THEATRE
Gray Hair
before it. spoils your beauty, and puts
the seal of age on a youthful face.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
4- Day Hair Restorer
Is a harmless preparation that restores
gray or faded hair to' its natural color,
•without any inconvenience or disajfree-
able after effects. Not a dye ; ' cleanly
to use; free from sediment or sticky
matter. Price $i.oo'a bottle. All drug-
gists.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOIiOQIST.
78-80 Geary St. San Francisco. ;
SEATS THURSDAY.
• ¦¦'¦•¦- ¦ . *~
Direct from Hoyt's Madison Square Theater,
New Tork.
¦ PRICES— 25c, 25c, BOc, 75c, $1.
A TEXAS STEER:
ONE WEEK-MATINEE SATURDAY.
Opening of the Regular Combination Season.
H Airf ' s3 Bcst W< >rk
1 J| %J V i, JJ and Masterpiece
•/, .¦¦-'¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦,
NEXT SUNDAT. EVENING, September 22.
MR.DURNO
Having met with a painful accident has been
forced to CANCEL HIS ENGAGEMENT THIS
WEEK. .-.--. •¦¦¦¦..
f vtCHT srnrrves.
The cdy place In the UnltM States where
Vichy Water It abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Spring*
Numereuf; Baths Un*yualed. Three milen from
Uklah. J. A. REDEilEYER & CO..
Proprietors, | '
Week Commencing This Afternoon Sept. 15
Vaudeville's Choicest Gems!
The Newest of the New!
DOROTHY MORTON
.„.. Tbe^Queen '.ot' Comic. Opera. , •
Misses OELMORE & CO.
In ."The Bridegroom's Reverie."
Mr. and Mrs. KARSY
and their GIANT MYRIOFKOH
STELLA LEE
Vivacious Comedienne.
MARSH and SARTELLA
Refined Entertainers.
LIBBY, TRAW& GILBERT
_ In "The DebuUnte"— Farewell "Week.
ERNEST H06AN
The Unbleached American.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
"With Ten New Moving Pictures.
Last "Week of the Favorites,
GEO. W. LESLIE & CO.
In the New Tork Herald's $1000 Prize Play,
"Chums."
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. A few
front OrchestVa. rows reserved, BOc; front rows
of Balcony, reserved. 25c- ¦
BElASCOAmaTHAlCS^g^.
"^ JtnSli. CSTYf9Al,i
¦ MATINEE TO-DAT- 10c, 15c, 25c
TO-NIGHT and All Next Week— L«st Nights!
The Greatest Triumph Known I In Tears. .
Edw. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A VOICH FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
| ROBERT DOWNING,
2C0 People on tbe Stage— A Great Cast.
PDtfKC Evenings.".. .10c, 15c, 23c, 15c, 50c
IaiWC3 Ma.ineea 10c. 13c. 25o
Sept: 23— "LITTLE LORD FAUSTLEROY."
GHUTES_and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
LAST APPEARANCE OF
SISSON WALLACE & CO.
DON'T FAIL TO. HEAR THE FAMOUS
STANDARD QUARTETTE.
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
piqrtlp'R»C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUnCin O Admission 10c.
Von ¦•' Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL GALATEA."
Mae Tunison. : the Bernards, Kalacratus, Billy
Knight; Dilges. Mabel Martin and our un-
rivaled orchestra. * '
¦-. . Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. ¦
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEI^ NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILT FROM 7 a, in. to H p. m.
" BATHIITS FROM 7 a. m. to 10:10 p. m.
. ADMISSION, 10c. * - CHILDREN. 5c.
Tta^hinf including admission. 25c; children, 20c.
Leaves Third and Townaend streets 10:15
e. m.~, 11 a. m. f " 12 m. and V p. m.; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five . minutes later.
Returning ' at 4:45 p, m. and after the last
course. ', San • Mateo electric cars • every six
minutes. • ' . • .'. .
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. -¦ LADIES FREE.
TRAIN ! SERVICE.
i OPEN AND
CHAMPION STAKES.
104 . ... . NOMINATIONS . . . ..104
jiOOi^^- — —— TOTAb PURSE- —-—11000
TO-DAT, SUNDAT. .September 15th.
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slip^sr
UNION COURSING PARK
NEW; ADVERTISEMENTS.
AiTUSEMEirrS.
% RFHFFRMS are su P erior in finist ' slia ? e » s^ e m^
iiLLFl LilllvJ q^ij^y any imported Corset made. Pro-
nounced by all ths leading society ladies of America to be the only
perfect-fitting Straight-front Corset. They are boned with genuine
whalebone, made of fins white contiland black Italian cloth.
Price $3.00 to $8.50 per Pair.
\ AIX CORSETS FITTED AND ALTEBED FREE OF CHARGE.
I NEWPORT. , — v ALICIA.
The only full cored bias . * The latest shape out. ex-'
cut stralpht front corset Bold MjfjV*** tremely low bUBt. . medium
at the price: medium xraist. yBjq long hips, full gored, bias
low bust; -white, black anl cut - boned wlth rust proof,
<lrab. v_ zy ¦ ¦ made of black sateen, gray \
Sizes IS to 28. !!_• \ and white, coutil.
Price 50c per pair. W^^V Price $1.50 per pair.
DEBUTANT. Lj€\ ANITA.
One of our extremely loxr raSOy *Tk \ Straight front, with me-
bust and ehort hip effects. (aJS'^TiS'V \ dium hich bust effect, long .-
bias cut and full rored, \/*VJv57-T I hip, made of fine black Ital-
boned with rust proof, made . >8?vjMl I I Ian and white coutil. full •
of black and drab sateen. Tv'tfC^/ / rored, bias cut. boned -with
kj Sizes is to 28. . /yttl0KV7 / rnst >root ' lace trimmed.
Price SI.OO per pair. _^^^g%/A Price $2.00 per pair.
HILDA. »f."l]f ZINGARA.
ThU U Jnst on. of our "Z.INGARA7 7 \ Th!s ls one of our latest
a( many etyles of etraight sn»KMT-niorfr I \ creations In straight fronts,
front* at this price, medium V "' / \J made of black Italian and •
and low bust, medium and * white coutil, ribbon trimmed
Ion* hips, boned with rust r-»r»TWri ctvt r« top and bottom, boned wlthV,
f proof . black, white and drab. LEADING STYLE rusturoof, low bust. ~
Price SI.OO per pair. OF TO-DAY. Price $2.50 per pair.
STRAIGHT FRONTS for elegance , and ease are unsurpassed. They rive the
oprlgrht poise, sloping bust, extended waist Hn« with flat abdomen and hlDs irracefullv ¦
roundlne, bias Beams, full pored. ¦
Crescent Corset Go.,
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL.
4«MHEft|)Ef(«If
PALACE HOTEL."
For a quarter of- a -century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. - Guests enter-,
tained on the American or European
plan. , ' - ¦' '.'¦'".-•¦¦¦
ffitAND HOTEL.
A3I
Solid oak dressing tab'e w'th
quartered obU. top and beveled
French plate mlrrjr - - SO.SO
I Get an estimate from us on
everyt h ' n £ required to furnish
vour * entire establishment,
fcredit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six.
except on Saturday.
T. Brilliant
% FURNITURE CO., ,
\ 338-342 POST STREET,
"¦ Opposite Union Square.
Medicated
Complexion Powder
is the purest In the world; ao lime, chalk,
'; lead or zinc; keeps the skin soft as a
, 'baby's. Sample free.
; ';.;' . JT.'A. PozzonL 8t lVonls, Mo.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALli, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
28
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf ilarket and Third streets; open
until 12 o'c!ock««rery nicht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:39 p. m.
250 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
<2S Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 2£lfEicn street; open until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 ;>. m.
30C Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
ZCorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
r200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES. •
A— CHURCH of St. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal), corner Steiner and Union sts.— Union-
t-t. cars pass the door; high mass at 11 a. m. ;
masses of the masters, arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind instrument
accompaniment; solemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 in the atternoon; "Ave Maria, '
"Gregorlans," "O Salutaris" and "Tantum
Ergro," arranged for «t. Mary the virgin;
John Haraden Pratt, F. C. M., director of
the choir; mass said dally at 7:30 a. m. ; ves-
pers dally at 5 p. m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
ets.: Rev. Frederick W. Claropett, D.D., rec-
tor—Holy Communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m.;
morning service. 11 o'clock; evening prayer.
4 o'clock; Friday sen-Ice at 11 a. m. for army
and navy. The rector will preach.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, in St. John's
Church, California and Octavla Ets.— Rev.
John Hemphlll, D. D., pastor. Rev. George
O. Eldredge will be installed as associate pas-
tor at 11 a. m. Dr. Hemphlll will preside and
preach the sermon. Dr. W. H. Landan will
give the charge to the pastor and Dr. T. F.
Day the charge to the people. Mr. Eldredge
will preach at 7:45 p. m. Sabbath school at
close of morning service. Y. P. S. C. E. 6:30.
FIRST Congresational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor; services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ;
morning topic. "The Dignity of Humanity":
evening tonic, "The Son of Man Hath Not
Where to Lay His Head." All are cordially
Invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and . Clement st. ; pastor Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, 3415 Jackson St.;
telephone Pine 4475— Services 11 a. m. ; sermon
theme, "The Significance of President Mc-
Klnley's Last Words"; services at 7:46 p. m.;
sermon theme. ."SDlrltual Lessons From the
Life of William McKinley": Sunday-school,
9:45 a. m.; C. E. Society. 6:45 p. m.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin st».; Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, minister: Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minis-
ter emeritus — The Sunday-school is at 10
o'clock; the' morning service Is at 11 o'clock;
Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach; subject, "The
Curse of the Calf." All are cordially in-
— > te&. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Cfcurch (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts.; Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
minister— Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock; at 11
o'clock the minister will preach on "Reap-
«•«* the Whirlwind, or Reflections on Our
President's Death." There will be no even-
ing service. congregation will vote on
the question of two services.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion «., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. A.
C. Welch will creach at 11 o'clock and Dr.
T. B. Neely of New York will preach at 7:45.
Good music and free seats. The people are
wel corne^
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes and
Buchanan sts. — Sermon at 11 a. m. by T. B.
Neeley. D.D.. of New York, and at S p. m. by
Dr. A. C. Welch of Stockton. Sunday-school,
at 9:45 a, m.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett St.. near
Twenty-third — Memorial services morning, 11.
and evening, 7:45. Special music: "Rest, Sol-
dier, Rest." Emerson; "Funeral Dirge,"
Seyfried; "Consolation." Mendelssohn: "Fun-
eral March." Beethoven; "Marche Funebre,"
Lay-bach: barytone solos, "One Day Nearer
Home" (McGranahan), "Out of the Shadow
Land" (Sankey). Preacher, Rev. J. George
Gibson; organist. Miss Lotta, Underbill.
FIRST Church of • Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny St. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson
at 11 a. m. : subject. "Matter." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room. 206 Kearny St., room 510.
All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ.
Druid Temple. Folsom "st.. near Fourteenth-
Preaching 11 a. m. by J. W. Gilbert: 7:45
p. "m. by J. F. Burton; both missionaries to
Tahiti. This church believes In the un-
changeableness of God and the continued
need of man for divine guidance and direc-
tion to accomplish the divine purposes.
THE First Mental Science Temple of San
Francisco, meets every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock In Golden Gate Hall. 625 Butter St.;
new thousrht subjects presented; the public
cordially invlt«?d. This morning Professor
W. A. C. Smith will lecture on "Blunders."
Seats free. Collection will be taken.
GOSPEL Tent, corner Gousrh and Page sts.,
one block north of Market— Special evangelis-
tic services at 3 and 7:45 p. m. this day, and
continued each evening (Saturday excepted)
at 7:45; conducted by J. McDonald from Aus-
tralia and others. All Invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society, Golden Gate Lodge
—Free popular lecturei every Sunday at t
p. m.. Flood building. 809 Market St.; sub-
ject to-nl»rht. "The Beauty of Death," by
G. E. Bailey, E. M-. Ph.D.; Bible class Sun-
days, 11 a. m. ; class Theosophlcal ethics,
Thursdays, 2:30 p. m.; free lending library
open Thursdays and Saturdays, 1 to 4 p. m.
and Saturday evenings. Public cordially, wel-
comed. ; •
THE Theospphical Society— To-night, at - 8
o'clock. In Odd Fellows' building, by special
request, the Rev. W. E. Copeland will lec-
ture on "The Building of King Solomon's
Temple— Its Occult Meaning."
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
A TEST seance to-night that. will slay skepti-
cism on the very threshold of the interview;
everything In the light; every one receives a
communication; full names; ¦ If you 'are In
doubt as to what steps in business or social
life you should take, or avoid, who is your
friend or enemy, in fact, any question which
Is perplexing to you. attend this seance,
where you will receive advice that may be
happiness as well as financial gain to you.
BROCKWAY, the psychic, guarantees satls-
; faction a? well In his seances as he does' in
his private readings; seance 8:15 p. m. (to-
night). 2Sc. 298 Hyde St.. corner Eddy.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909
Market et. : subject, "Is Our Republic Dis-
eased? If So, the Remedy," to be followed by
magnlficent historical views; those attending
lecture may procure free tickets for the won-
derful X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tues-
day evening; remember question box; strang-
ers welcome; no collection; open 7:30, lecture
8:15. t
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun., Tues.. Fri., 8 p. m., 60c; you can speak
to cplrit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
GRAND test meeting. 909 Market, rear hall; 1L
free: 2-8, 10c. Mr. Swan. Mme. Maxwlll Stod-
dard, Wrwnn, Kotter. Harrison. McKee, in-
spirational slneer; others.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual meeting. 8 p.
m., 10c. Lorlng Hall, C31 Eleventh et., be-
tween Washington and Clay, Oakland.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hall.
805 Larkin— Sept. 15. 7:30 p. m. Speaker. Mrs.
R. S. Lilly. Admission free.
A— I. F. T. BIBLE 6. S. and Church, 909 Mar-
ket; 11 free. 2-8 10c; test meeting; front hall;
good mediums.
MRS. STODDARD; convincing test to all;
ctrcles. 10c; Sunday. Tuesday; readings dally.
278 Ninth et. -
W. O. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c 14S Blxth st.. 2d floor.
MRS. EBERHARDT'8 epirltual test meeting,
2250 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia; 8: 10c.
6PIR$TUAL seance this evening- 7-80- 10c-
readings dally 50c Mrs. Hubbard. 109 Oak.'
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
EARLE at A. O. U. W. Hall. Oakland, to-
night; Z28 Ellis st. Tuesday and Thursday.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 1084
Bush St., near Leavenworth, 8 p. m.: EOc.
FREE palmistry lecture; free readings for all.
230 Ellis et,, near Jones; 8 this evening.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
MEETINGS— -Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League, the
humanitarian dept. of U. B. organization
310 O'Farrell si.— Public meeting uexr Tues-
day, 8 p. m.;. subject. "Behind the Scenes";
to-night members' meeting
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. L ft 'm
O. O. F.— Members will assemble TO-
DAY In Encampment Hall at 1:30 p. m. A<
. fharp to attend the funeral of our late + V.
brother, JOHN D. SCHLOEN. Funeral from
main hall at 2 p. m.
N W. P. HUMPHREYS, Chief Patriarch.
J. F. NICHOLS, Scribe. _^
THE officers and members of Bay -.*y»fflp?r
City Lo<ipe Xo. 71. I. O. O. F.. are
hervby notified to assemble at Ex- : s£jj3>^5r
celeior Hall. 2313 Mission 6t.. on 'V/l'llw"*'
SOXDAY. Sept. 16. at 8 o'clock p. m. for
the purpose of attending the District meet-
ing of J?istrict No. 65. given under the aus-
pices or Excelsior Lodge No. 310. By order
or the Lodge. G.-SELO. N. Q.
THEO. STEINER, Rec Sec ...
MEETING NOTICES — Continued^ ¦
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F.— Members will assemble §JZJ3ps£:
TO-DAY at 1:30 p. m. sharp in
Memorial Hall to attend the fu- "/"»^
neral of our late brother. JOHN D.
SCHLOEN. Funeral in main hall at 2 p. m.
T. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Recording Secretary.
INFORMATION wanted of JAMES
BOWMAN, member of I. O. O. ~|#S5S~
F.. machinist. If living, very old.
Odd Fellow publications please 'W\Ws
copy. Address Mrs. S. A. COLSON, 837 North
Gordon St., Pomona, Cal. . ;
TO the Daughters of Cal-
ifornia Pioneers Society /SJ&t^^VbSI^
—On account of the v*
death of President
McKINLEY there will jSSrvk fTBanBIL
be no meeting MON- f^^Jgl -Jv
DAY, Sept. 16. /
MIES G. E. DE FOREST, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from A. E. Jones In the Hamton
placer mine, near Johnsville, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In Nelson Creek; from
KHen C. Sargent et al.. In the Quaker Hill
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City, Nevada County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Mining, Water and Power Company, in the
Round Butte placer mine, near Sheep Ranch.
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In O'Neii
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59, .Flood building, San Fran-'
dpco. Cal.. on September 30. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.-
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth Bt.. Alameda.
AGENTS 1VANTED. -j ¦
SOLICITORS . wanted for fraternal Insurance
society; good Inducement to right parties.
Address State Deputy, box 192, Oakland. Cal.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt- #
able and easier to t sell than books or Insur-'
ance? Ad. g. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASFHALTUSI ROOFING.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
"palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT UW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
Quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. (J. W. HOWE, 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections ;attachments ; mortgages ;blUs of sale }
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees* low ;open
. «-ve' s. THURSTON. 1008H Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market St.*
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HICYCLES — Kor Sale or Exchange.
FOR sale — Lady's bicycle; cheap; nearly new.
1523C Howard st.
UOOIC9 NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red.- 2936.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission fet.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
ASK to see JL,undbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
~~~ BUSINESS CHANCES.
$450 — CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St., r. 12.
A— $650; SALOON; central location; well
stocked with liquors. RETSLOFF, 906 Mar-
ket St.. room 12, cor. Ellis.
$250 — PARTNER wanted; great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
PATENTS— We buy and sell patents; also
furnish money to manufacture inventions
with merit* Inventors: we devote our entire
time to the selling of patents and placing
them on the market; call and see what we
can do for you. PACIFIC COAST PATENT
EXCHANGE. 319-320 Parrott building.
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing business;
good chance for active man; will yield to
each about $90 a month; duties light and
easily acquired; capital required, $550.' DON-
NELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
«S0O — BAZAAR, notions, etc.; nicest little store
in the city; cheap rent, with rooms ; great
bargain. Calif. Business Ass'n, 865% Market.
GEO. NEWTON, 759 Market et— Large lists of
lodging houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches,
business chances; all kinds for sale or ex.
$850— Al OPENING for competent office man;
will sell an interest In shirt manufactory to
right party; high-class trade; well estab-
lished, growing; services needed; references.
Box 2312. Call office. . :¦ - ¦ .
FOR Sale— State or county rights tp a most
valuable patent; a necessity to farmers; will
cell at sight; owner unable to give matter at-
tention; legitimate reasons for selling. Box
333, Call office.
A-$300; PARTNER wanted; light business;
must be steady, reliable man, satisfied with
tl8 to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room 1.
FOR Sale— Water front restaurant and bar;
good location; paying Investment; reason for
selling, owing to owner's sickness; no agents.
Box 3£2, Call office.
$3000 — PAYING drug and stationery business in
county seat, 4 miies from San Francisco. For
particulars call ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California st.
MAN and wife with $1000 can find splendid
opening if they possess ability to manage and
push 'profitable business. Box 39S, Call office.
BE YOUR own boss; let us start you in busi-
ness; outfit and advertisement. $1. M. M. I
CO.. room 64, 18 Mason st.. S. F., Cal.
$100 — STEADY man for partner In restaurant;
here Is a rare chance for you to make money.
78 Third Bt.. room 2.-
EXCELLENT -opportunity for party with
means; good profits ; easy money. Box 394. Call.
DRUG store, $CCO; no trlflers; good reasons for
selling; -principals only.. Box 47L.Call office.
LADY wishes gentleman to buy Interest In es-
tablished business. Box 361, Call office.
FOR eale— Splendid paying restaurant; apply
at once; partners disagree. 217 Sixth st.
$500 — LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon;
full Investigation. 3372 Mission St.
FOR sale— Small restaurant; cheap; two .living
rooms. Box 410, Call office.
$1700— BEST corner grocery In Oakland. AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bar-
eraln. 2760 Mission et. ; no agents. .
AN Income of $1000 per year can be secured by
any one who •will take the trouble to inves-
tigate our plans; no gold mine, oil ¦well or
gambling scheme; simple, straightforward
business proposition. The Juniapa Co., 615-
621 Fullerton bldg.. St. Louis, Mo.
A— $1250; HARDWARE and ship store; good
clean stock; pays large profit; best location in
city for paying business; an investigation
will convince. 16 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS opportunity, for a good, reliable
man as partner in old established business or
to take charge of office. /Call 911 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
ESTABLISHED home * weekly paper "(city);
large circulation; bargain. Box S33, Call.
EECOND-HAND newspaper outfit - cheap for
cash. Apply 402 McAllister st. *
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
A — CIGAR stand; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high-class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
celling account other large interests: an op-
portunity to buy a No. " 1 ' stand at a low
figure; no- agents. Box 60, Call office. - -, ••
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest In
established blackslmth business; price In each
case covers ¦ stock. I tools and good-will. • Ad-
dress box 283, Call office. ' .; -
GOOD chance for bakery and coffee house;
liberal terms. 321 Ellis St.
PROSPECTOR needs backing to uncover rich
quartz ledge. Box 107. Call office. ' ¦
lodging-houses for sale.,;,
aT^amerojT^co^
850 Market St.. and 8 Stockton St., .
! Rooms 21, 22 and 23. * Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. - We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r.; corner; downtown: sunny $3500
45 r.; rent $165; good fur., carp.; trans.. 1500
Notlce^-15 r.; rent $80: NE. cor.; 6 years'
lease*; new house; elegant furniture. ... 1800
-Money loaned on deferred payments, lVtp. c.
22 r.; rent $1CO; mahogany and oak fur.. 1500
17 r.; rent $50; Cth st.; good house......' .850 •
8 r.; rent $40; oak furniture...'......'..'..... 425
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
WINSTON & WOLF * - . ¦ k ~~~
1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie Z211.
.. 15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap. .:..... ...$1175
29 rooms; pays well; good location........ $1400
32 rooms; best transient In the city...:. .$2200
18 rooms;, all on one floor; bargain........ $900
12 rooms; beautiful yard; grand $1500
3 mortgaged houses; must be sold.
FURNISHED 8-room house; must be sold at a,
. sacrifice owing- to poor health. 322 Minna sU
LODGING HOUSES FOR^SALE— -gon."
$275— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st. '-' • ¦
10-ROOM house; fine location $425
14-room house: good; transient 600
24 rooms; on Geary st.-. '. 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash......... 750
. 6-room flat; fine corner.::;.................. 300
35 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of M*rket st... '.'.... 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300......... 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall. 425
13 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell .......' 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar.: 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80. .:........ '800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150....... 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500.
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new: 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash; balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN. -
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms : sacrifice ; . clears $150 $850
• 7-room flat; a bargain ..:...'.:....: 650
14 rooms; choice location ..;..... 900
6-room flat, new furniture. — 275
. 15 rooms; full of steady roomers 850
14 rooms: transient; clears $125. 650
17 .rooms; $700; 12 rooms.. 500
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
' 28 rooms; on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar.. 1600
45 rooms; rent $125; clears $150..'. 2350
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, S06 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r.12.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold :... $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn. ; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush at.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central..... 3700
25 room's; corner: everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.-
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55. •
$050— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
J2EC0 — 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity., !
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market si .
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
I have, 4 salesmen; long list; money to loan.
11 rooms; rent $20; near Market st : $200
13 rooms; rent $33; Income $75 300
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $75 a month.... 750
23 rooms; rent $40; income $110 ..I. 800
31 rooms; rent $45; clears $85 month...... 1200
39 rooms; rent $60; income $200 .-.. 1500
43 rooms; rent $120; clears $150 a month.. 3000
61 rooms; fine corner apartment house.... 2500
E9 rooms; will exchange for a farm 4000
85 rooms N a prominent corner." ". ... 2600
18 ROOMS; rent $70 $1175
39 rooms; on Market; rent $125 2200
46 rooms; elegant; rent. $100 4100
15 rooms; rent $50 1000
27 rooms; rent $140 220O
16 rooms; close In; rent $30 650
116 rooms; clears over $300; rent $350... :. 4250
25 rooms; elegant; rent $140..' 1900
SOFIELD & CO.. 916 Market, room 18.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $S00 16 r.. $800
20 r 1150 20r....*.80O 14 r 430
18 r 1000 13 r...... GOO 12 r 400
15 r 700 8r......35O 10 r 400
8r 550 6 r. 225 7 r...... 225
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St., near Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
at our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
st., opposite Fifth. -
SUNNY CORNER— 60 rooms: rent $100; price
$2500; $700 can remain; can run as hotel, room-
ing or housekeeping. Corner Twelfth and
Franklin sts. The Merrett.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUALIST services in memeory of our
late President: all callers will receive a sou-
venir; materializing seance, 8 p. m., 55c. 1610
Bush st, near Franklin. ? '
DEVELOP your.mediumlstlc gifts; ladles given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 724 Post. nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door. . '
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. - .
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets, a test;
private readings dally. '299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus,, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS;
i • , .
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
The well-known trance medium, 1206 Market st.
Are you ln> trouble?
Bad health, business worry, .family difficult-
ies, legal complications, orunder evil Influences T
Mrs. Clark will help you. She deals with life
and Its practical bearings, and many are they
who rise to call her name "blessed." Her enor-
mous and varied experience for years of study
and travel, and above all her marvelous power
of knowing all things at a glance, make her
advice Invaluable. The most complicated dis-
ease, business- entanglement or business diffi-
culty is Instantly perceived \ and the remedy
suggested. There is no case too difficult for her
to handle, as thousands can testify.
Life in all its various phases she has made
her one study.
The cause of failure, the road to success, de-
nominate conditions, and rise above all evils of
whatever kind she has mastered. :>¦'<
No man or woman need remain under the
cloud. There Is always,*, way out. She will
discover It and help you. -• _
• . - • Read Her Circular.
Sent free on application with 2-cent stamp,
and learn more about the laws of life afid her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
have cjgfc- known. ... ¦ ,
.-. She Gives Advice on Business,
Speculation, stocks, Investments, law, etc. She
will tell you what trade, business or profession
you are adapted for. Tells you when and whom
you will marry and how to make it a peaceable ]
and happy union. Has your lover deceived you-jj
Or are you in trouble? You can be aided and all |
can be made right. .Family love and. In fact, ]
all domestic troubles of public or private nature I
can be made right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired medium of modern times.
Removes evirinfluences.
She never falls to unite the
Separated by proper advice.
•Learn the secret power to control.
Have you ever noticed how some people are
lucky, happy and prosperous In life, i while
others merely exist and are* Just as miserably
unhappy? Why is this? Can you answer? Ask
her and she will tell you why. Mrs. ,CIark has
devoted ten years of her life to the study of
clairvoyance. .^ ¦' .. ¦ •
Mrs. Clark has been located In this city for
several years and Is not compelled to seek other
localities. • ¦. ¦• ,. -
She Has Stood the Test and Is Here to Stay.'
Call and test the doctor to. your heart's con-
tent and you will depart thoroughly satisfied,
that there is at least one reliable medium and
clairvoyant now In your midst. Nothing In life
is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and. given up in despair
because of former failure, take courage n£w and
call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without delay. Convic-
tion will be sure and happiness and ¦ success
will ' follow. '
Always Consult the Best.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. All busi-
ness sacred ¦ and confidential. Sickness,' losses,'
deaths, etc.- will be c-mltted from your reading
at your request; otherwise everything, good and
bad, will be given. .-<' - ¦•. -..?.' - .
MRS! DR. F. CLARK,
, • . ' ¦ V> 1206 Market st.
Parlors 25 and 26; take elevator. Office hours —
.• 10 -a. m.f to 5 p. . m. ;: dally. V . .
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
¦-'¦:" - HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall;. permanently lo-
cated.at 125 Turk St.; readings by. mall... ;;
MME. MONTAGUE. . ¦ .. - .- ~~~~~
. Truthful predictions in all affairs of i life:
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck: honest
predictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
not, one failure; letters answered.: 116 Turk.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or. wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to ' everybody ; open
¦_ Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m.' 216& Sixth . st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double. veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies SOc;
gents $1; palm, and clalr.<slt.' $1 50. . 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN J. . HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palrnlft and card reader; reveals past, present
and future;. 50c. 1007%: Market, near Sixth.*
ISMAR, I the ' Egyptian . gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, : permanently located 1148 Market, 01...
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m,.
KNOW your fate. MME. ' RICHARDS," astro-
loglcal i palmist, reader of. human destiny;
• sever falls; 25c & 60c: by mail." 50c 1203 Missa.
A— ISMAR THE* GYPSY. '
¦•¦Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aslde'the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible,' were It not for the lack of fore-
I sight into the future: if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy by
her aid and advice; Ismar can be consulted
dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays from 10
to 12 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market St., opp.
Sixth. ,-
SPECIAL— Owing to large number of Inquiries
from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings' by mail
$2 ; send lock of hair, date and year of birth,
MME. M. BERNARD, '
_' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you ; are In trouble, discontented, un-.
happy or not satisfied 'Irf life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium 'and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In. all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
1 MRS.. DR. VALEEN,1583 Market st.-, near 12th,
! clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
the innermost secrets 6t life unveiled; gives
names, dates, advice In mining,' law, journeys
and all affairs of life; spirit messages; do not
fail to consul^ her, as thfs may be the turning
point Inyour life. ,1
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located. at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
with 8pecial- terms. Daily and Sunday.
FREE, ladles,' morning, September; free test
readings,- future events and questions; abso-
¦ lutely free. 72t Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up: 777^ Market st.,rm.l3.
MME. HANSEN. -card reader and palmist; tells
'.' past, present, future, 25c. 148 6th St., room 14.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
. gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 60c. 326A Ellis at.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st..nr. 4th.
MRS.MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German gpoken;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;pajmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, -over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448V& Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you 'become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating ' Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th st.; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
¦. PARRY. -5511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
? ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.? 402 Sutter st.;
tel.^taln 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
¦ SS3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
- STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
¦ , CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, wa^-ts; paln-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. ; Chronicle big..' rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES. _
G^EO^G^wTKElZvS~Agelicy^No charge un-
less successful. ¦ Room 310. 927 Market st.
- COTTAGES TO LET,
BUSH, 2819— Sunny, cottage of seven rooms and
.bath to let. ¦
$6 — COTTAGE, C rooms; worth $12 In city: near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
DENTISTS.
A^DRl"'TT^fe mGGINsT'927 Market street^
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $160;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up: a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crown? $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction. - -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL>CLINIC, 809 Mar-
v ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly;, teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
%$3'50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THArCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
' EOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
getting an estimate from DR. ¦ BROWN, 54
. Sixth st. . ¦ ¦ • ,¦
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6. Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors,- 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DrT H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. ¦;;„»;¦
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 11 .35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN; denist, third floor, Ex-
; aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldjr.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DOG HOSPITALS. .
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
. EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
"$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
lns, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,.
spelling, Spanish, etc ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.'
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
,vlse their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.;" .'
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A NEW and quick method to become dancing
teachers, also pupils trained to become ar-
tists for the -stage, at IRVINE'S Academy,
; 421 Post Bt. ;. teachers • always In demand.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular term
. opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. P.. dean. Donohce bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
¦ Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction ;, catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlning,mech, sur-
- vey, aasay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der NalUen School, 113 Fulton, nr.^Clty Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs i only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market . st. •
HIGHEST grade violin, zither, guitar, banjo,
..mandolin lessons; reasonable. W. P. CHAM-
, BERS.- 244 Taylor st. :
SCHOLARSHIP leading city business college;
. discount. Address box 321, Call office. ¦ -. •
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Ma«on st. > -
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for clr-
, cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College.' 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
: Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkecp., $6 mo,
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c;. piano for practice. ¦ 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
t. mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION*— PARTINGTON'S - DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. \ 424 Pine »t.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing/
> etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 . mo. 1024 . Mission, nr. 6th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions been established at 1096 Va-
¦ 1 ? 01 "- *t- '• -¦' •- '¦ - ' - -
: EMPLOYMENT * OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese -help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house' servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421. Post 'St. MeL Bush 135.
CHINESE .and Japanese Employment Office—
\ Best help. 411& O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment offlce-^Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621& California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
.'help furnished.. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,- Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG lady "owning typewriter would like to
do work home typewriting, copying, etc. Box
Call office. . - ' : - -.--¦."-¦ :
EXPERIENCED housekeeper will take entire
care of rooming house for board for herself
- and husband. Box 403. Call, office. . '. '
A GOOD girl from country desires position as
nurse girl In private family. ' 2 Keppler court,
¦off 'Mason st., near Post.- ¦
A STRONG young woman wants situ-
ation: for general housework and cooking;
good laundress; sleep at home. 79 Bay st.
A YOUNG lady; neat; with exceptional clerical
ability; desires immediate position; experi-
enced stenographer; typewriter; bookkeeper;
salary $30 per month; references. M. M.,
Box 404, Call office. ' " - - ; '
AN EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to make
engagements in surgical or confinement cases;
¦terms -reasonable; references gLven. Call or
• address Ladies' Nurse, 127 Sevepth.st. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS millinery saleslady wants posi-
tlon. Address box 327. Call office. t
LADY barber wishes position In barber shop;
• country preferred. Box 315, Call office.
A NURSE would like a few engagements; will
take patients to nurse at her own home. Box
438. Call office.
REFINED middle-aged woman would like
position with elderly lady in the -country.
Address R. A., Frultvale P. P., Alameda Co.
A WOMAN of good references; unlncumbered ;
-wants -working housekeeper's position; city or
country. Call or addpess one week, MRS. I
DOAN. 457 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist in light
housework for good home and small wages.
Call 385 Oak st. Monday.
A -.PERFECT fitter on ladles' ' tailoring and
¦ evening suits wants engagements at $1 25 per
¦ - day. 244 Taylor st. ¦
REFINED German woman . wants position;
light housework arid sewing; assist with
children. Address L.. 106 Eleventh st.
GOOD fitter: artistic; sews out; $1 50 and car-
fare. Dressmaker. 235 Larkin st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes position as
working housekeeper in . small family; good
cook; city or country; call Monday.. 833A
Howard St.. room 11. ¦ • "
EXPERT dressmaker, direct from R..H. ¦White,
Boston, will take a few engagements; $2 per
' . day: Boxgl2. Call office. -
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day;
flood cook, general housework; $1 50 and car
fare; reference. 467A Minna St., near Sixth.
WOMAN wants work In a, hotel or boarding-
house as chambermaid or waiting at table.
2 Taylor terrace, off Taylor st. .
GOOl) dressmaker wishes a few more engage-
•ments; $1 50 per day. Address box 32i, Call.
DRESSMAKING. $150 per day. Call or ad-
.dress 1731 Mission et.
PLAIN sewing done reasonable. 601 Leaven-
worth st.. cor. O'Farrell. room 8, second floor.
WOMAN wants work for Monday; washing or
housecleaning. ' 51 Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wants engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bu3 and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— By civil and electrical engineer,
late of the Trans-Siberian R. R. construction
staff, surveying, designing or supervision of
work;, will go anywhere, either ashore or to
sea, as marine electrician. Apply or write to
D. SWITZKY, 1436 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
POSITION ' as assistant bookkeeper, bilL clerk
or any kind of office work by middle-aged
married man; twenty years' experience in
general office .work; wholesale house pre-
ferred; Bteady ' employment and personal
Interview solicited; references. Box 364. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; neat appearance, sober, uses no to-
¦ bacco, willing and obliging, good horseman
and driver; many years with same employer;
undeniable references; wages $45 and found.
Address this week, M. M., 221 Sixth St., city.
PRINTER wants situation in country office;
can do newspaper and job work; coast cli-
mate preferred. Address box 423, Call office.
YOUNG man, German,- reliable, of good educa-
tion and appearance, desires position in city;
¦willing to learn; learns very quick; anything;
chance of advance; references. Box 422, Call.
A YOUNG married man, German, experienced
in grocery, wholesale and retail, wishes situa-
tion; Rood references. 8 Pearl st.
WANTED— Position as watchman by a reliable
young man; ref. W., box 330, Chlco, Cal.
YOUNG man and wife desire work at private
place; cooking- and housweork; driving and
yard work; best references; no children; Ger-
man speaking. Address HENRY, 967 Clay St.,
Oakland, Cal.
A YOUNG married couple" wish positions In the
country: lady to cook, man to work etc.
FRANK MARTIN, 3624A Sacramento St.
EASTERN man, thoroughly reliable and sober,
wants position as watchman or any kind of
light work for trie winter. Box 425. Call..
YOUNG ~ man, speaks German and English
fluently, best of recommendations and refer-
ences, desires position; country preferred.
Box 472, Call. ¦ , .
MALE trained nurse, speaks German and
English, late U. S. medical service, . desires
position of any kind; best of references. Box
473, Call. .
PROFESSIONAL gardener wants private
place ; 1 meritorious references. Box 341, Call.
A RELIABLE man wants a position in private
place; j understands care of horses; good
driver; can milk and attend to garden; good
references. Box 396, Call. '
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; handy with tools. Box
266, Call. .__ j
AN all-round handy man wants position to
take care of horses or as gardener. Box
. 395, Call.
LIGHT kitchen work wanted, no Sunday work
preferred, permanent, for 6 months; reason-
able salary; experienced man; car washing
accepted; long time here. Box 405, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, with city refer-
i ences, wishes position; city or country. F. I.
C, 330 McAllister st.
WANTED— Steady place on stock or grain
ranch by young ' married couple; wife, good
cook; man good all-round ranch hand; team-
ster and good .with stock; good references.
Box 234. Call of flee.
WANTED — Situation by strong young man;
good education; speaks English and German;
willing to do 'anything; not afraid of work.
Address , J. H. E., 506 Powell st. • ¦ ,\
YOUNG man wants situation as indoor servant
in private family; understands waiting at
table; first-class private family; references^
wages $30. Box 330, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work In the country.
Address A. C. 1212 Scott st.; phone West 69.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged man would like
a position in city or country to make himself
. generally useful about the house. Call after
8 p. m. ,W. F.. 734 Harrison st. ¦
MAN and wife, competent and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. Call or
address C. E., 358 Minna st.
YOUNG German desires position as choreman
¦ or -general utility-man in private family or
hotel. >C. P., 201 Montgomery ave. - :
CANADIAN, single, age 32, wishes position;
understands poultry raising, gardening and all
branches of dairy work. Box 335, Call office.
YOUNG man of good - - habits who works 9
hours a day would like to work mornings and
evenings for board and room. Box 336, Call.
GOOD - reliable barber wants I a* steady place.
Address box 2310, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as lever man on dredger or
foreman for contractor: handle men well; will
go anywhere; was employed on drainage canal
. in Chicago ; reference given. Address box 309,
Call office. ¦ ¦-.-:¦¦ - ¦ '
WANTED— By first-class baker, a position In
country; working alone preferred. Address
box 83,-Call office.
YOUNG' man wishes' a" position" as "a 'miner;
has had lots of . experience in all kinds of
mining. Box 317, Call office. . ,-.
PRACTICAL' gardener land man about .place
wishes 'situation in . private place; country.
Box 31«. Call office. /
COOK— Steady and reliable I man wants posi-
tion. Address ' room 6, 45 Franklin st.
GENTLEMAN wishes situation as traveling or
, stationary , companion '• or attendant to conva-
lescent; can act as private secretary; good
>references.v Box 248, Call. - •
HELP WAITED— FEMALE Con.
McDOWELL system of dresscutting agai fc.
takes the lead, having received the hlfrh.l WF
award and gold. medal at the Pan-Arneric.i^
Exposition: most simple and accurate system
ever invented; school established ten years-
thorough course in everything pertaining to
j dressmaking; practical course In millinery-
any pattern cut to order; call or send for cir-
cular. 1019 Market st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion ; good opportunity to right nar.
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.', before
11 a. m.
BOSTON Halrdresslng Parlors, 620^4 Taylor st."
¦ teaches halrdressing, manicuring bleaching
and dyeing in two weeks for $5. *
A NEAT girl for housework. 1218 Masonic ave.
WANTED— Woman, good cook for men. An-
ply at 2030 Seventeenth st.. corner Vermont.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss *
Co.'s factory. 32% Fremont st.; good waees-
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.'
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk and
wool waists; good pay; steady work sm
Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO.
SHIRT and collar rubbers. United Stat»«
Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid whn»
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO si!
Market st. £ "
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing, bleaching, massa-e
manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5- emDloV'
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. isT
E^F? RIEN 1 P EI> Slrl3 wante d: bookblndery."
mo ciay st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats- zood r»v
steady work. 641 Market st. v^ 7 '
Tim T F0lso-m O .r P t0 ' " 8ht W ° rk ° a ~^ 7
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlntlon«
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 3SU
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY "
.OFFICE OPEN 7 a.' m. TO-DAY *"
R. R. MEN WE SHIP TO-DAT
FRUIT PICKERS WE SHIP TO-DAY
UKIAH
.7..... UKIAH
¦ SHIP TO-DAY— SUNDAY *""**
CAL. N. W. RY "
SANTA FE R. R.
50 teamsters Ukiah. free fare
50 laborers Ukiah. free fare
25 men to cui^ right of way Ukiah
Free , fare wages $2 to $2 50 day
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK
Stockton.. ........ Fresno Merced
........ Baker sfleld and other divisions
60 Riborers to work on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs
EREE FARE SHIP DAILY
FRUIT PICKERS WANTED TO-DAY
125 men. and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruits $30 and found; fare from SOc to $3
15 men and boys to pick grapes and other
fruits, to go to-day $30 and found
25 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruit, work In packing house and dry yards:
no experience $30 and found
MECHANICAL HELP ......7
Plumber and pipe fitter. Institution
$52 and found; see boss hers
Carpenter for a mine $73
Carpenter factory, south; boiler-makers'
helper, country, $2 25 day; camp blacksmith.
North — $45 to $50 and found, see boss hera
3 harness-makers, camps and ranches.. $35, $40.
2 machine blacksmiths; 5 blacksmiths and
helpers; blacksmith, Nevada. $90.
GOLD MINES SILVER
Laborers Quarries
5 single-hand miners $75 and $60
6 laborers, new mine, no experience re-
quired, $60: 50 laborers, different gold and
silver mines, $75, $60 and $40 and found: 25
drillers and bammersmen. $60; 500 laborers,
different places, city and country. $1 75 to $4
day; 2 laborers, factory. $1 75 day; 5 men,
handy with tools, city, $2 day.
10 laborers, no experience required, to cut
and. 'work in brush... $37 50 and found
SAWMILLS— WOODS
1» laborers, no experience required, to work
in mills and yards, south.... $33 to $55 & fd
10 lumber pliers; 5 crosscut sawyers. $45 and
found: 15 laborers, no experience required,
for different sawmill companies.... $35 to $60
FARMS— DAIRIES— ETC
33 farm bands, steady jobs.... $26. $30 and $35
5 ranch teamsters: 17 milkers, $30 and $35:
choreman, private place. $25; 7 stablemen and
hostlers. $60. $35 and $30; gardener; teamster
for a mine. $30 to $35 and found; farmer
and wife, $40; butter-maker and milker, $35;
2 young men. machine shop. $1 50 day.
BAKERS— HOTEL HELP. ETC
5 bakers, country shops. $45 and $50; cake
baker. $40: 2 butchers, $52; camp cook. $35;
3 ranch and camp cooks; dishwasher, ranch,
$25; 9 waiters; butcher for mine. $40; 7 cooks,
city and country; nurse. for an lnstltuticn.
Upholsterer and salesman, country; clerk,
city.
Office open 7 a. m. to-day (Sunday).
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay rt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. f.... 104 Geary st.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Far*
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers ......$3 a 6a.y
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers ,
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers and laborers. $1 75 to $2 day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
10O muckers and laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Far*
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st^
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
SANTA FE R. R FRESNO DIVISION
UKIAH UKIAH
.- FREE FARE
50 teamsters for Ukiah, $2 To $2 25 per day.
10 lumber pliers and yard men, $2 per day.
10 quarrymen, $2 per day, board 60c.
Spooltender, lumber woods, $50 and board.
Stable boss, $25 per month and board.
Ililker, near city. $30 per month.
Sailors and deckhands for coast. Mexico. Hon-
olulu. Australia and Japan, $40 per month.
20 carpenters, big electric company, $3 to $3 50
per day. 4 to 5 months' work.
4 shaft miners for Arizona, $3 50 per day. se«
boss here Monday.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie tl't.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATEX.T. ¦ ' *
Carpenters. '-^
Experienced Plledrlver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work In this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various Jobs along the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
- Steady work at regular wages.'
We are starting new Jobs dally, and win
.put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN..
.4 California St.. room 15.
. — — — ¦ * *
100 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment: good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
.building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
WANTED— 50 men and women at once to han-
dle 'a memorial souvenir of the late President.
Hon. William McKinley; $10 to $25 a day
easily made for the next 4 days.- Call at 14
Fifth st.. all day Sunday and Monday. .
CIVIL service Government pfeitlons— 9500 ap-
pointments last year; probably 10,000 this
year; common school education required for
examination;, catalogue information free. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College, Wash., D. C.
BRIGHT boy 16 years of age to make hlm-
self generally useful In our cuttln«r-room.
Arjply between 8 'and 9 only on Mondav.
, STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Cor. Gough
¦ and Grove sts. .
MAN to help in clean, pleasant business. 9 a.
m. to 5 p. m.. $15 to $18 per week; must have
$23 and be ready to go to work at once. Calif.
Business Exchange, 7S Third St., r. 2, to-day.
WANTED— A mechanical draughtsman: ex-
perienced technical graduate preferred r state
experience and technical educatton: only first-
class men, need ar>ply. Box 360. Call office.
FIRST-CLASff waiter for hotel lunch counter:
i single; sober; steady; wages $35 and found
j per month. Address Depot Hotel. Wads-
i worth - Nev »da. " C. WALLSTAB. , . '
WANTED— Solicitors for San Francisco and
bay -towns; samples and outfits furnished: JS
to $10 per day: no experience required. P,-i
A. & P. Co.. 836A Howard st. . . . „
: BOY wanted— Apply HINK JAENICKE *
: EICHAXGE. /
FOR exchange — A beautiful home in San Jose
for income San Francisco property; place
• contains about three acres full-bearlns
orchard, all varieties fruit; an elegant 8-
, .room house with large basement: fine well,
windmill and tank: flowers and lawn; modern
Improvements; worthy investigation: good in-
- come property. Address box 4990. Call office.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393 Valencia ;tel. Capp 2683.
; FINANCIAL
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address. main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
. documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1003 Call bid.
FLATS TO LET.
' LOWER and middle flats, 6 large rooms and
bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
-expense to tenants: completed Sent. 20: bay-
windows in every rm. NW. cor. Portola and
Duboce Pk., off Waller, bet. Plere* & Steiner.
EDDY. 934, bet. Franklin and Gough— Flat;
¦9 rooms bath and separate toilet; ¦ parlor,
dining-room and hall ceilings frescoed; sun
all day.
UPPER flat, five rooms: 15 minutes' easy walk
to Call building: furniture for sale; Just
right for 2 or 3 people. Box 334, Call office.
COLE, 773-775, befc Beulah and Frederick sts.—
"Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath:
rent reasonable. - . ¦
A— NEW sunny middle flat; reduced rent; 8
rooms; bath. 2414 Van Ness ave.. nr. Union.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat for eale; flat to
rent cheap. 1620 Polk st. > ' |
HANDSOME new flat. 5 rooms and bath. 49
. Alpine St., between Thirteenth and Waller.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1416 Devlsa-
dero st.. near Geary. ; -. ¦¦
MASONIC ave.. near Fell— Modern sunny flat.
4 rooms, bath; rent 914; water free.
MODERN upper flat, 9 rooms and bath. 212
Ashbury, between Fell and Hayes.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1337 Ma-
eon st.
I •¦
! FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FlJR^fIMn^n^rn"s^^
electric light; J23. Apply Sunday, DR.
HILL'S property.
NEWLY furnished "modern sunny flat, 7 rooms
and bath. 430 Eddy, st. _^
FLATS WASTED.
5-ROOM flat wanted; north of Market and .Va-
lencia sts.; reference; no children. Box 402,
Call office. _^
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness-
Stylish effects: High-grade wo-k: Lowest prices.
% FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set f plate mirror.
$1— Solid cak chair; factory price.
J2— Enamel beds, all' sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELEGANT 'furniture, almost new— Solid oak
dining and mahogany bedroom sets, good
chairs, velour draperies, etc. See to-day from
• 1:30 to 4 p. m. at 1135 Devisddero st:
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, .with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.: tel. Jessie 126; furniture, radse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
14S4; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.,- pays highest"
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
• GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S3
.' HOTEL DEPARMENT
Waitress, Gait, see party here ......520
2 waitresses, Marysvllle, fare paid $20
Waitress, Red Bluff, fare paid $20
"Waitress, Redwood City $20
Waitress, Napa $20
Chambermaid to wait, Woodland $25
Waitress. Antioch $25
Cashier, restaurant $5 week
Experienced glove saleslady good wages
Cook, country $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Parlor maid and waitress ...{25
Cook, city 130
Housegirls, Sacramento Co., fare paid $23
Cooks, houaegirls, second .girls, nursegirls.
city and country: best wages.
C. R. HANSFN & CO 104 Geary gt.
MISS HORGAN'S. 323 Sutter st.
5 cooks, German style, $30; cook. San Mateo.
$30: 20 housegirls. city. $25; boarding-house
cook, $30; cook and second girl, Palo Alto.
$25 and J:-0; cook, Berkeley, $25; cook. Ala-
meda. ?25: t> second girls, $25 and $20; 10 wait-
resses, $20 and $25; chambermaid, $20; 10
housework girls, $15 and $20; young nurseglrl,
$15; housework girl, 2 in family, $25.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough ana
Grove sts.
WANTED — 50 men and women at once to han-
dle a memorial souvenir of the late Presi-
dent, Honorable William McKinley; $_10 to $25
a day easily made for the next 4 days. Call
at 14 Fifth st.. all day Sunday and Monday.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper and stenog-
rapher; one thoroughly acquainted with office
work for commission housa. Call Monday
between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m., BLUM, MOR-
RIS & CO., 210t212 Davis street.
WANTED— First-class notion saleswoman;
one who is competent to- take charge of a
stock; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 400, Call office. _
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St.. cor. Second.
WANTED— A saleslady of good appearance for
ladies' tailoring; must understand some book-
-keeping. Address box 4ii, Call office.
WANTED— Lady to travel for Chicago firm;
salary and expenses paid weekly by house;
references. Box 273,. Call office.
WANTED— Woman with small amount of
money who is willing to Invest in payins
business. Box 399, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman (cook), wages $20; easy
work; good home. Villa Mlramar, Ocean
Boulevard. • ¦
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing- gum. Amert-
can Chicle Co.. 27 Main st. «
YOUNG girl as nurse;, must have good refer-
ence; wages $20. 2233 Washington st.
OPERATORS to take -work home. 656 Mission
St., third floor.
GIRL for general housework; two in family:
references. Call mornings. 448 Fulton st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply Monday
or Tuesday before noon. 1510 Gough st.
GIRL to run errands: also operators on braid-
lng machines. 121 Post st., room 31.
LADY for fancy work, painting, ¦ etc.. , for a
store. Box 43L Call office. / '
YOUNG ladles to address envelopes at our
office: 70c per 100. Box 397. Call.
WANTED— Waist assistant. 1037 Post st.
•W^NTED-A business woman to attend lodg-
.¦•*lng-house department. 2S& Kearny. rms. 9-10.
EXPERIENCED saleslady; 'also trimmer; good
salary; no other need apply. Dlnan, 24 Kearny.
5 EXPERIENCED glove makers; Driving and
Eurekas. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
A FEW operators on ladles' neckwear; good
pay. BAUER BROS. CO., ,21 Sansome st.
YOUNG girl for second work. 2111 Pine st.
WANTED— Machine operators at H. ANDER-
SON'S,' 26 O'Farrell st. \
WANTED— A 1 girl finisher on custom coats. .
724& Market. St., room 27; call Monday.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with the care
of 2 children. 1314 Masonic ave.
GIRL for , housework. .-' Call 220 Leavenworth
st. Sunday, arter 9 a. m. ¦• •• .
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. "Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman, no Incumb-
rances, as housekeeper for widow lady; good
home and fair wages to right party. o»'l
after 10 a. m. at 30 Glen Park ave.. St
Twelfth St., between Mission and Howard-
- upper bell. . .'. .
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed ; 6 ladles and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory, and Acting, Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
29
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALI3.
AT 259 Frederick st, near Clayton," on Ash-
. bury Heights, elegant home, containing 7
rooms, bath, dressing-room and cedar closiit,
laundry and servants' room in basement
. Reception . hall, dining-room and staircase
finished in solid oak; this Is an unequaled op-
portunity to secure a beautiful home at a
moderate cost; house was built for owner
about two years since; is In perfect repair and
is a -model of convenience and comfort; fine
lawn and flower garden; lot 25x106; reasons lor
sale," owner about to remove permanently from
. citv. Apply on premises, ¦ or to FLORIN L.
JONES. 630 Market St.. v
HOUSE and lot. South S. F.. $250; must be
sold. Owner, box 421, Call office. :
WELL-BUILT .modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks :from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
BARGAINS ( in farms,' ranches, fruit and graz-
ing lands in Sonoma and Mendocino counties.
ROTHERMELV& MERRELL. 507 California.
$3 "AN acre— Stock ranch, 3500 acres; good'
house and barn; near Wlllits.
$2300 — Mountain ranch, 700 acres; house, barn,
horses, cattle, hogs, etc. -
$900— 160-acre ranch in hills, S miles west of
Uklah; house, barn and orchard; 20 acres In
cultivation; rest pasture and wood land.:
$1700—18 acres improved, near Martinez, with
house, "barn and " vineyard, stock and Imple-
ments. " .¦ - . .
$5000— 18 acres highly imnroved, near Santa
Clara; house, barn and all In orchard.
Address ROTHERMEL *• MERRELL.
¦¦•--.¦'.•• .-• SOT California at.'
REDWOOD timber lands in lots to suit, from
160 to 5000 acres, more or less, at from $5 to
$8 an acre. For Particulars call- or address
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California.
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains, 62 . miles • from San
Francisco: elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium;" ocean, view;
. 1458 full-bearing, fruit trees.; peaches, prunes,
•cherries, walnuts, pears, apples, figs, chest-
nuts. . ¦ .;-.- .^.... . .. „. ... .., -; -> • r,. i
1800 vines choicest table grapes; full bjar-
ing; 2500. vines Cornichon grapes 2-years old;
this season's crop goes with place; house, 8
- rooms; barn and "outbuildings;" all furniture,
farming implements, livestock Included.
Postoffice, church, school,* 1 mile distant;
price $4250. Address D. BRITTOX,"- 432 Ellis.
SPECIAL bargain — 160 acres land, near I Yuba
City. Sutter County, short 'distance from
Marysvllle; all rich valley, land under cultl-
' vation; good buildings and well watered and
.fenced; this land will be aold in whole or In
part at a very low price; ' also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; i;ood
buildings ; well „ fenced ; short . distance .'from
Yuba City, Eutter County; will be sold In
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two: above pieces
•«re situated -in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. . If contemplating
purchasers will address box 49S0, Call office,
'fcr Information a bargain will be given. ¦
FOR sale cheap — 10 acres, well fenced; has on It
400 French, 80 Imperial prune trees, 2-years
old; good 4-room cottage; good well, stable;
chicken houses and everything complete to
move In; also 12 acres with small house, large
barn, a never- failing spring of the best kind
of water;. these 2 places are 40 miles from San
Francisco, near good R. R. town, in Santa
.Clara Co., and within 5 minutes' walk of pub-
UIc school; no better place in the country for
fruit or chicken raising; will be sold very
cheap. Apply to Owner. 744 Fourth st. S. F.
$6500— IN Fresno; investment; two houses and
stable, all In first-class condition; lot 150x150
feet; for sale on account of owner going
abroad; lease for three years; In first class
and central location; rents for $C0 per menth;
¦write for full particulars.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this Property.
- . - 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500— BEAUTIFUL fruit ranch near San Jose:
20 acres aDricots, prunes, peaches; trees 10
years old; 11-room house, new: everythir.g in
splendid condition; cost $14.0C0. THE
PHELPS LEWIS CO., 702 Market at.
TWO of the choicest lots in Belvedere for sale
• at half ori sinal cost. THE PHELPS LEWIS
CO., 702 Market st. "
PLEASE note— I have three places worthy of
purchase, according .to requirement, by any
one having an inclination for a country homo
in the choice residence section about Menlo
Park; all are among and have beautiful
oaks; $1600. $2000, $3750. EDGAR -C.HUM-
PHREY, Call building, or Palo Alto.:
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ~
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; 'future value assured, aj
Ban "Francisco is growing rapidly; location
' best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or Information.
$2500— A SNAP— 50-acre ranch, all tillable; and
improvement* ; near town: Contra Costa Co.;
cost $3900. fALDEN CO., 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. " / . . : . . , .
FOR bargains." in ' timber -land,, fruit ranches.
suburban' lots, farms, - all through the !:tate;
also- larre .list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps- Lewla Co.. 703 Market st.
CHICKEN and . hog ranch for sale; place for
sale or rent; chickens, hogs, horse, swill
wagon, etc.; about $450. C. WILMOTT, 916
Market st.'.
$150— SETTLERS located on 160 acres fin« red-
wood timber claims, near ocean; delightful
homes or resorts; worth $2000. Box 23,'Ciover-
dale. Cal.
$650— RANCH of 40 acres and improvements:
> near Colfax, Placer County; excellent for lung
trouble.- H. PECK. 114 McAllister st.. flat 6.
GOVERNMENT land 't homes: Al fruit and
timber land' secured to locators. For terms,
R. A. B. S.. International Hotel, S. F.
HOG ranch fo exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache St., of! Crescent ave.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE fa-rn bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
.free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
.16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Good investment property; must be
a bargain: west of Valencia or Western Ad-
dition; flats or residence; price not to exceed
$5000. Address Box 3413. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT SACRIFICE OF REAL ESTATE.
Bargains for. sale In all parts of Alameda.
Houses built to suit. .
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
We are offering the. best properties in Ala-
meda at the lowest prices.
Lovely homes for sale below cost.
$1600— Buys a new 4-room cottage; porcelain
bath and sink; lot 25x150; fruit and flowers on
lot; near Morton-street station.
$1800— A fine new cottage ot six rooms and
bath; lot 35x100; an Ideal location; near trains
and schools; a snap. . i
$2350— Forced to sell; six rooms and bath; lot
40x125; sacrificed. ~. .
$2500— Eight rooms and bath; lot 36x150; taken
under foreclosure.
Choice homes; large lots; modern; $2803, $2950.
$3500 and $4500. See us If you want a bargain.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. . ¦
15C0 Park st. Alameda.' ...
Office open Sundays and evenings. '
FOR sale or .exchange for Alameda or San
Francisco property; this elegant timber
claim, composed of 160 acres; being -the SW
Yi-ot SE M. S M of SW % of section 25. and
SE % of SE V* of section 26, ¦- township N 24.
range IS west, Mount . Diablo, base and
meridian. -
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park st.. Alameda, .
Phone Grand 176. . ¦
$1000— NEAT 4-room house and." lot 25x150: be-
tween Morton and Bay station.
$1600— Lot 50x100; 6-room -z cottage, business
property at Bay station: other bargains. Call
on ROTHERMEL & MERRELL; 507 California.
MODERN cottage; first-class in every respect:
a few minutes' walk from narrow, or broad
gauge; extra large lot; sacrificed on account
, of deDarture: easy terms If desired. 151S
. 'Benton st, Alameda. . ' ' ¦ •",:'
BARGAINS;- Improved & unimproved i:rop«rty
. acqulted hy foreclosure: M cash. Bank of Ala..
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY BARGAINS. ."'.""¦"' T
An elegant 9-room house,' Holland archi-
tecture; magnificent view; large lot: price $5000.
A very commodious 4-room cottage, $:iO0L An
elegant 7-room house in Scenic Tract; large lot;
$4000: fine bargain; easy terms. An elsgant 9-
room house, with 5 acres of land; fine grounds;
abundance of fruit, ¦ flowers, shrubbery; on a
fine avenue; $12,500. Five-room cottage; h&ge
corner. lot; $1600. An established grocery on
fine. corner In good neighborhood, cheaper than
you will get It again. A • fine 6-room i cottage
with large lot, .$2200: it Is a sacrifice. SATOFF
&' WILKINS.:2121 Center st, Berkeley. Cal.
BARGAINS in . Berkeley— $250 • to $350; sightly
hillside lots; each lot 50x134: only i blocks
from cars. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley
Station.
$650— LOT 50x130; on Mllvia st; near Virginia^
street work done. MAY « & MORTIMER
Berkeley Station. . ¦ >. .
" $1300— COMFORT A BLE . cottage of 4 ' rooms*
about 3 blocks, from town hall, ¦ high school
and*cars; a bargain.. MAY & MORTIMER
Berkeley Statloa.^
$3730— MODERN up-to-date home of Z rooms,
etc.: large lot: near college: tcjms, >MAT&
' MORTIMER, Berkeley Station.
. PALMISTRY. V -¦•.:¦
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st
i ——^
I'EKSONALS.
one' bottle always cures in
' RHEUMATISM.
Perfectly . and permanently cured with one
bottle of '
PINUS. ....
The infallible remedy for all forms of
Rheumatism, <
Sciatica. Neuralgia and Gout.
Price, $2 50 per bottle.
For circulars and testimonials call or address
PINUS MEDICINE CO., P
724 Valencia St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Office hours; 10-3, 6-8 p. m. Tel. Church 1571.
HAVE YOUR FORTUNE TOLD
From cradle to grave; success assured in love
and business; my horoscopes are wonderful
diviners; send date of birth and 10c for copy
of magazine of new ideas; I will send you
free typewritten horoscope . of your life and
descriptive photo of person you should love;
they call me wonderful - wizard of the 20th
century because of true predictions; only 30
years old; .have made over $100,000; I believe
I can make you equally successful if you
heed my advice; write and let me read your
life. PROF. A. G. ASTRO, box 3693, Phila- V
delphla.
THE Star Hair Remedy positively restores gray
; and faded hair to natural color without dye
Proof, one preparation restores all shades and
colors, blonde, ash blonde, red, all shades of
brown (preserving the glint or golden hue pe-
culiar to brown hair). and black. If a dye It
would dye all shades same color. Also cures
dandruff, stops falling, grows new hair. Sold
by druggists and hairdressers. Ask for it.
Take no other. It's guaranteed.. The Star
Remedy Co., 3S5 Geary st, S. F.
BOHEMIAN Dermatological Institute.
Electrolysis for removal of superfluous . hair
and moles; gray hair restored; hair grown on
bald heads; freckles and blemishes of face
cured; massage and shampoo for ladles and
gentlemen; the preparations we use are im-
ported French goods and superior to all oth-
ers. Room 3, 131 Post st.
A REFINED professional gentleman engaged
In a progressive side. line would like to meet
| a wealthy lady who would take a financial in-
terest in his business; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 284. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN past 50, with small Income,
wishes to correspond with a respectable
lady about. 45 with a large income; object
matrimony. Address for one week to box
2309, | Call office, Oakland.
A REFINED widow (30) wishes the acquain-
tance of a gentleman of means; object matri-
mony; references exchanged. Address box
406, Call office. •
YOUNG man whose home is in the East de-
sires the acquaintance of some refined young
lady; references exchange. Box 407, Call.
I, COLIN SALMOND, will not be responsible
for any debts or business transaction con-
tracted by any one whomsoever without my
written order.
WANTED— A rich young lady who is the onlv
child in family to wed a rich young man who
is al«o an only child. Box 137. Call. ;
ELECTRIC light in* every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mark»t; 700 rooms;
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain. ' at lowest
rates. <3EO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
fl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
¦ West Forty-second St.. N. Y.
ALL cut this out— It gives you a free shampoo
or facial massage with hydro-vacu treatment.
MRS. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny. hair specialist.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
, or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway. ,
LADIES— Secret to enlarge bust 6 inches free;
cannot fail or injure most delicate. Leonard
Medicine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
FOR, a chance to secure cheap country real
estate see Government land location Country
Real Estate. .
SEND stamp for list • books which can't be
bought elsewhere. Books, "406 East 75th. N. Y.
MARRIAGE paper: beat published; free. J.
\V.. GUNNELS, Toledo,-Ohto. -¦ --•'••-.
PRIVATE detective "work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. .RAY. 457. Minna st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call ok
Dr.I.G. Moore, 322 O'Farrell; send for circular.
¦SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
LADIES— Get free trial Dlxon's Hair Remover;
permanent. 935 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st.. bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the beat
corn cure: S5c: all druggl sts.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna ; restores gray
hair to its natural color: n: at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. ,-J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs 1
country orders. GOLDSTEIN '& CO.. 733 Mkt.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wranper for mailing. $1 per year.
PLAKING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Rawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st
PROPERTY "WANTED.
I WANT a good stock ranch in Solano County;
winter range; in value $20,000 to $25,000; wili
give business property and cash In exchange
¦ Address Stock Ranch, box 170, Call office.
REAL ESTATE- — CITY— FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO., • — -
667 MARKET. STREET,
Opposite Kearny st,
, . ' Real Estate Agents.
Market St.. near. Sixth: 50 foot frontage"; fine
brick building; rents $775.
$100, 000— Corner;' 275x137:6; splendid improve-
ments; Market st. ; rents $361; fine building
$51,000-Sixth-st. corner; 1% blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
$55,000— One-half block from the Orpheum-
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net. '.
$42,000— Sutter-st. corner, 1 east of Jones st; 3
frcntagfes; 3 stores and lodging-house; SO feet
front.
$40,000 — Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130; rents
about $250; want offer. .
$40,000— Devlsadero-st. business corner; two
stores and 7 flats; rents. $305, '
$37,500— Ellis st, close to Taylor; new. building;
one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
?35,000— Mission st, near , Fourth; fine brick
building; one tenant; rent $250.
$24.000— Cash Invested In real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent nef
rents $330; one tenant. " *
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner;- wholesale district'
35 feet frontage; rents $110. j
$12,750— Van Ness ave. flats; modern; rents $125.
$7500— Four new flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence within 130 feet Just sold for
$12,500. < . "
$5800— Corner; S. W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce
sts.; 45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
He'ghts.
$4950— Two -flats; only, one-half block from Mar-
ket, st; rents $40; cost $7500.
• A. M. SPECK & CO., t
- . ¦ : ¦ ¦ 667 Market st
$9600— RENTS $100; Cumberland st., near Guer-
rero; good flats and large lot; a fine buy.
$9800— Rents $100; Nineteenth st; nearly new
and in fine order; all good tenants; large lot.
$1800— Northeast corner of Twentieth st; rent
$45: lot 25x98.
$1900— Fillmore st., near Waller; fine lot and
small house; cheap. ' ' *
$350— A little snap; Crescent ave., near Mis-
sion st.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st. '
SANTA FE. THE TERMINAL CITY.
AT POINT RICHMOND.
The only possible place for a great city.' All
lots level ' and ready to build on: good pure-
water In abundance; no alkali; lots from $125
up; $10 cash, $5 monthly. . . . . '
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
BARGAINS IN CITY PROPERTY. ¦
$2600— Lot on Buchanan st, near Sutter
$3000— Fine lot, 25x100; Halght st. nr. Market
$2900— Cottage, 6 - rooms; lot I 25x137; I Sacra-
mento st. . "
$1100— Business lot, 30x100, - Point Lobos ave.
next to corner of First ave. ,
$75 each; fine level lots at Ingleslde and near
electric cars. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL
607 . California St.
$4,500— TWO flats at.the park; 5 and 6 rooms:
S lot 25x137:6. '. ' - , ¦
$625— 12th ave, south of ¦ Point Lobos ave •
key lot: for this week only at this
»¦ price; 25x120. * -
• $315— Almost given ;away; lot 25x100; north
. line 23d. st, east of Potrero ave.
$10.000— A pick-up; an entire block fronting on
Point Lobos ave. • . .
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN— $117 front foot for Valencia st
improved property; deep lot; near Twentieth
. $4000— Rent $45; 4 flats; lot 40 feet front. -
• " $4500— Fine • Washington st. residence ; large
lot.' ' ¦ > ¦ ' ' ' ¦ .- ¦ " '>-•¦¦. ¦/>.••¦. -
,;i : - P. B. TRAVERS, 314 Montgomery at ¦"
HORSES AXD WAGOKS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO., has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st, with an as-
sortment of eale horses; also livery and
boarding:: new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
(0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. • Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. Apply to San
Francisco Veterinary College, 510 Golden
Gate ave. DR. E. J. CREELY, dean.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
FOR sale — Handsome English dog cart Ad-
dress box 251. Call office.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St., S. F.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, I shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROEERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. E4 Eighth st - • :
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
LARGE stable; Hickory ave.. .near Octavla
St.; $20. F. B. SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery
street ¦
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINraD^rinolisesrto"let; send for "cir-
cular. G..H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOMELY furnished flat (7 rooms and
kitchen) for one year, or furniture for eale.
on account of owner leaving State. Address
H. H.. P. O. box 2CS5, city.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
st, near Ellis.
OAK, 822 bet. Laguna and Octavia — House;
sunny side; 8 rooms, bath and basement
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of E rooms and bath; handsomely fur-
nished; will lease for one year or more; gar-
den and convenient to car lines. 2915 Wash-
inrton st.
. HOUSES WANTED.
FLAT of 4 or 5 rooms, bath; bet. Jones and
Fillmore, Fell and California: possession Oct.
1. Address J., branch Call office. 106 11th st.
AVANTED— Unfurnished lodging-house. Ad-
dress H. CRITCHFIELD. 735 Montgomery st.
HV?XOTIS3I.
NERVOUS, chronic and functional affections
successfully relieved by metaphysics. 1344
Market Et., opp. Seventh. '
LOST AND FOCKD.
LOST Friday evening— A lace handkerchief:
bet. Franklin and McAllister to California
Theater. Return to 614 Franklin St.; reward.
LOST— Oxford gray jacket Saturday morning.
Return to 72 Geary st. ; reward.
LOST— Valuable watch fob; reward. DONALD
BOWLES, California Theater.
LOST—A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CANDELARIA GRADWOL, No.
230-760. The "finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble cajl and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by :
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken;, the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; freo i
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st. opp. Fifth.
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number, 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES! original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st, S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. ' 997
Market St.. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best, medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. WYETH. ladles' specialist; home con-
finements; removed to 410 O'Farrell St.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, conflnem'ts, ;
removed from Market st to 410 O'Farrell st.
-V^ MIXES AND MIXIXG. _^
HIGH-GRADE free gold land to locate;" act
quick. Box 401, Call office.
MIXIXG AXD ASSAYING.
QUICKSILVER, gold and copper mines for
sale; California, New and Old Mexico; bonds
from owners: reliable information. MAY,
ELLIS & MAY. 638 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
. ,
SO-H.P. boiler and 25-H.P. engine complete.. $300
26-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.englne complete.$250
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $90
Also pipe, flttines, etc. II. S. WHITE, 516
Mission St. ,
! MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-made
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and full dress reasonable.
FOR sale — High-grade hammerless Parker shot
gun; also fine Washbourn mandolin: have
no use for them; or will trade for gold watch
or solitaire diamond; will pay cash differ-
ence. Box S29, Call.
A CLEARANCE sale and removal to 17-19
Fremont st; billard and pool tables, bar
fixtures and beer apparatus. St. Germain
Billard Co., 409 Market st. .
FOR sale— Patent for a singletree for releasing
draught horses; best and simplest of that
kind; profitableness proved many times and
In many ways. Address box 325, Call office.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms: children's toy graphophones,
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary,
1901 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others: 2d-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL 809 Larkin st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new;" $58;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 202 Califor-
nia St.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought sold, exch. ; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
THOMAS motor bicycle; new and in perfect
running order: owner leaving for Manila.
KENNEY'S, £31 Valencia st.
LADIES' bicycle, in good order, for sale cheap;
call between 9 and 12 a. m. 5 Post st., court
between Hyde and Larkin. -
- -
FOR sale— Horse and phaeton for family or
doctor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Va-
lencia st.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st. near Pine.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. 8. WHITE, B16 Mission st.
THOROUGHBRED runts, white homers, hen
pigeons, squab breeders. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dres3
, suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st.
WORKING library choice mathematical books;
bargain. -Address box 821, Call office.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY stock $6; worth
$10; dividends. HENLEY, 476 Parrott bldg.
LUMBER, flre escape, slates, windows, doors,
cast & wrought pipe, boards. 64 Sliver, off 3d.
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness, 2 incuba-
tors, 2 brooders. 1157 Thirty-fifth ave.. South.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. . 109 Montgomery st
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
GASOLINE engines,' all sizes," new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. Ell Mission st
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Tbeo. Fershtand, 126 Kearny, r. 2».
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB - SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
• 638 MARKET STREET.
. AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTIONS
TUESDAY.. .-......:... ...SEPT. 24, 1901
At our salesroom, 12 o'clock m., .
638 Market St. i ¦ . ¦
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE LOTS.
.North side of California st.. 200 feet west of
Gough; 2 elegant building lots on sunny side of
California st ; surrounded by new and elegant
homes; this Is the only unimproved property
for sale in this section of the city; will sell
separately or as an entirety; lots 25x127 :S& and
35x127:8% feet • •.'- • ,
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-*
DENCE.
•Northeast corner (No. 100). South Broderick
and 14th sts.; modern residence of 7 rooms and
bath and basement; well built and up to date;
In fine condition; magnificent panoramic view
of San Fr£%cisco and bay shore cities; only a
short distance from Haight-st cars; 23:3x88:3.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
West side (No. 1718) Church st, 25 feet north
of Day; handsome cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement and bath; In fine condition; light and
sunny; lot 25x80 feet
PROBATE SALES..
Estate of James A. Johnson, deceased. .
...The following properties will ba sold, subject
to the approval of the Superior Court: • -
Northwest side (Nos. 52 to 56^) Clementina
St., 335 feet northeast of Second; 10 flats, 6, 5, 4
rooms; in good condition; rents $103 per. month;
always rented to a good class of tenants; lot
50x80 feet. ,• • . .¦ - - : -
Southeast side (Nos. 27 to 33) Shipley St.,
362:6 feet northeast of Fourth; 6 well-built flats
of 4, 5 rooms each; rents $672 per, annum;
these flats are .in one. of the best renting por-
tions of the city and are always in. demand;
lot 42:2V4x69 feet. - •
• Northeast side (Nos. 27A to 31B) Morris ave.,
250 feet southeast ,of Harrison st and 195 feet
east of Sixth; 6 .. flats of 3, 4 rooms each; rents,
$792 per annum;, in good condition; always
rented; lot 50xS0 feet. - -. ¦
South side (No. 2835) Bush st, 50 feet east of
Lyon; improvements consist of residence of -11
rooms and bath in good condition; . rents "$45
per month; lot 52x97 feet .. -v
CHOICE BUILDING LOT. &•
West side of Stanyan St., 2S3:3 south -of
Rivoli, near 17th; fine level lot ready for build-
ing near Affiliated Colleges and Golden Gate
Park; no winds, no fogs; street sewered and
macadamized; lot 25x120 feet. ¦ .
i SOUTH OF PARK LOTS. .
West side of 18th ave.. 250 feet north of M
st.;. 2 fine -lots overlooking Golden Gate. Park;
magnificent marine view; lots 25x120 each.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
East side of Victoria st.. 100 feet north of
Randolph; 3 choice lots ready for building;
lots 1 25x100 feet each. - ¦• • . • '• ¦.-.-.
OIFT MAP LOTS.
Lot 376, gift map No. 1, east side of Ells-
worth St., 100 feet north of Blalne, 25x70; lot
S95, gift map No. 2, east side of Pulaski st., 100
north of Old Hickory, 25x100 feet; lot 003, gift
map No. 2. .northeast corner of Pulaski and
j Old Hickory sts., 25x70 feet: lot S28, gift map
i No. 3. west side of Ellsworth St., 250 feet north
! of Powhattan, 25x70 feet; lots 1023-1025, gift
map No. 3, west side Dunkirk st. 375 feet north
of Powhattan, lots 25x70 feet each.
• EASTON. ELBRIDGE & CO.,
' . 638 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638. MARKET STREET.
SCOTT-STREET FLATS.
$0000— Three handsome well-built flats of 5. 6,
7 rooms and bath; sunny side of street;
modern and up to date; opposite the Girls'
High School: lot 27:6x96:8.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5750— Two substantial well-built flats of 5, 6 '
rooms and bath and 2 flats of 4 rooms
each on rear street; rents $60 per month;
cement walk; street bituminlzed: lot 26:6x
312:6; Fillmore- street, cars within a few
feet.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE
$5500— A modern two-story residence of > 10
rooms and bath; on the east side of Lyon <
street; overlooking the Park Panhandle;
•• this property cost over- ; $90000 and will be
sold on very easy terms; 25x91:2 feet.-
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$5250 — A elegant modern residence of 9 rooms,
basement, attic, etc. ; four beautiful man-
tles; porcelain tub; open sanitary plumb-
Ing; every convenience; house well planned
and built to catch the sun ; cash abeve
mortgage of $3750; only a short distance
from the park; lot 23x100 feet.
GUERRERO STREET IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
$5000— Four well-built houses of 9, 9? 6, 4 rooms
and ; bath each; never vacant; rent ?fi24 per
annum; could be easily increased to $720
per annum; near 16th st; -large lot, 30x124
• to rear street; mortgage. of $3750 can re-
main at 6 per cent.
EIGHTEENTH STREET HOME.
$2750— A two-story and high basement residence
of 7 rooms and bath; In Al condition; will
be sold on very easy terms.
BARGAIN,
$2500 — Morris ave., west side, near Harrison st. ;
three flats of 4 rooms each in good condi-
tion and always rented: preferred side of
the street; rents $324 per annum; over 1
per cent per "month; lot 25x80 feet- ¦ ¦
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market street.
F. B. SURRYHNE, ™~
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 Montgomery Street.
$3000— Rents $40; close to 6th and Harrison;
4 tenements in good condition; lot 25xS0; a
snap.
$2500— Perry st., near Third; rents $25; lot
25x80.
$11,000 — Geary St., northeast corner ¦ Stelner:
overlooking Hamilton square; residence of 10
rooms and bath; lot 45x75; «an ideal spot for
flats; an offer might be considered. : '
$6500 — Greenwich st., near Taylor; 2 flats In
front of 4 and 5 rooms and 2 flats on rear
street of 5 rooms each; rents $51; lot 30x120;
want an offer.
$14,000— Want an offer; 6 fine flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; close to Market and Noe sts.;
rents $102; large lot.
¦ $11,000— Three elegant modern flats of 7 and
8 rooms each; best part of Howard St.; rents
$1CO per month; lot 35x82:6.
$9500— Close to First and Howard; 10 tene-
ments; rents $103; mortgage of $5000; lot 50x80.
$6250— Folsom St., near 22d; 2 nice flats of 4
and 5 rooms; lot 45x122:6; part of lot vacant;
a good buy. . t
$5000— Rents $50 per month; close to Valencia
and 14th; 4 new flats. -
$3750— Tenth St., near Howard; 2 flats; rents
$30; lot 25x102:6.. ¦ . • ,, .
$1800— Perry st, near 4th; rents $26: lot 25x80.
$3250— Close to Harrison and 5th; 2 flats; rents
$35; lot 25xS0.
$17,500 — Choice corner on O'Farrell St.; 3 fine
flats renting for $140 per month.
$10,500— Geary St., near Octavla; 4 houses;
fair improvements: rents $80 per month; lot
51x120 to a rear street. •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS, W
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS!
We have wonderful bargains to otter. *
$75, $100 to $360— Best ocean boulevard and
level lota near Mission st. c«rs; $5 monthly.
t500 to $800— Graded and sewered, beautiful
..Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, Ninth ave., near H
street. -
$400 to $S0O— Richmond lots: $10 monthly.
$3200— Two-story residence, 9 rooms and
bath, Larkin St., near Union st. cars; 25x
105:9.
'' $1300 to ' $3000— Elegant modern cottages.
Sunset and Richmond districts; easy terms. ¦
" SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
- Room 54. Chronicle building. \
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built:
-finished by day work; every possible latett
impt*. ; heaters; 6, basins; plate and art gla^s
winaows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton st. near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to 5 p, m.
; $5GC0— Worth . $7000 : make offer ; great -. bargain ;
substantial 9-room sunny house; perfect con-
dition; 3942 Clay st; latest. plumbing; large
sunny lot; terms as easy as rent; house open
for inspection. JOSEPH NASH, 11 Montgom-
ery St. ¦ . . ¦ ¦ . ".: ¦ ¦ ¦ '. -
1 BARGAIN— A handsome 32-room residence; ;
will sell for N $3000; easy payments; healthy
location ; few steps from, cars ; ¦ south front ;
splendid view; garden nicely improved, with
.' flowers and plants. Address Box 4343,- Call.
FOR sale— Cottage.- 3 rooms; lot, 25x120; near
Golden Gate Park; $1800; only $5C0 cash, bal-
ance $10 per month. Address box 342, Call.
EASY terms^ — New 7-room house,; with or with-
out furniture. 65 Portola st, off; Waller, be-
tween Stelner and Pierce. . . . - • . *¦
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivisions. E0 -
vara lot, .south line Union st; 137:8 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. . Inquire of
CHARLES C.BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery st. .-: ,
OWNERS of property or lots north of .Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, ; north of - Park, - and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to cell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 630 California St.. 8. F. 8av-
. Ings. Union building. .. - --
BIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two.
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sta. : M, cash,' balance monthly pay-
. ments; Castro or Guerrero-at. cars. F. NEL-
EON., builder. — , ; -.
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy it for
. you, erect a- house to suit and sell it to you
on very easy terms. THE; MCCARTHY CO.,
616 Market st - ;«.;., -
BERKELEr^ADVERTlSEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this; fine house and lot. house In perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a fine
corner lot. 60x100; street work all done; only
one block from station, and within a minutes
of university grounds.
¦ . JOSEPH J. MASON,
[ : " Real Eastate. Berkeley Station.
I $3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy.
! equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400— 5-room house, large lot. within
• walking distance of university.
JOSEPH J. MASON, ' I
___^ Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$2500 — A FINE new two-story house of 6 rooms,
large lot; street work all done; near the nrw
hish school. . . - ;. .*
$2000— New house of 5 rooms; lot 50x130; fine
barn, near high school.
$1400— House of 5 rooms; lot 50x130; near
schoolhouse. - .
: Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
» . Real Estate. Berkeley.
DON'T pay-rent; we will sell you a new cottag*
nf'6 rooms, bath* pantry, folding doors, bay-
window, high .basement, brick foundation,
stationary tubs; lot 40x120; 5 minutes to sta-
tion and- street cars, stores, churches and
school; price $1500; terms $100 cash, balance
same as rent - -
* ' HOME REALTY CO..
Successors to Ollerlch & Perkins. Lorln.
EJ*AP— Beautiful homo cheap; 6 large rooms
and bath ; everything modern and complete;
nice garden and lawn; chicken houses, barn:
all fenced and cross-fenced; 2 blocks to sta-
tion; price $2400; most" liberal terms to right
Party. HOME REALTY CO..
. • Successors to Ollerich & Perkins.
' Lorin Station. Berkeley.
$1800— 6-ROOM house; new; $200 down; monthly
payments like- rent. ' ,
$3550— 8-room house; 1. year old; lot 50x160; this
is a splendid bargain.'
$1500— Takes the finest corner In North Berke-
ley; 60x130; view unexcelled. It will be
offered for a few days only at this price.
One of the-flnest corners In Scenic Park; street.
. . • 'work and "sidewalks all done; only $165l»:
60X125. •
A bargain in a S-room cottage In Scenic Park;
- large lot; fine view; $2350.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley. .
$900— CORNER lot, 46x13*. on Telegraph ave.
$1400— Fine corner. 50x125; Scenic Park tract
$375— A snap; lot 45x100. between Ashby and
Telesraph avea. - -
$1500— Handsome 2-story, 7 rooms and bath:
lot 50x125; select location; near university; with,
elegant furniture: complete. • ROTHERMEL &
MERRELL. 507 California st. . . ¦¦
MODERN 4-room cottage: near cars and train:
cheap. Apply 2136 Woolsey st. South Berke-
ley. Ashby Station. ' - • ¦' '
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultval* Station. Cal.
$630 — New cottage of 3 large rooms: fine lo-
cation; only 2 blocks from electric cars; city
water; easy payments. J < * .
$1000— Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, partly
furnished ; 2 closets, etc. ; also summer house of
3 rooms and pantry; stable and chicken houses:
choice flowers and berries; good well and force
pump; easy terms' if desired; only 2 blocks from
electric cars.
$1075— Cottage of 4 rooms; 3 closets, high base-
ment; all cemented; lot 55x105; connected with
main sewer; only 4 blocks from Frultvala sta-
tion.
$1300 buys this place — Cozy modern cottage of
5 rooms on one floor; large hall, porcelain bath:
3 rooms finished In basement; brick foundation:
summer house; fruit trees and choice flowers:
stable, rabbit, pigeon and chicken houses; lot
75x108; all fenced; improvements worth alone
the price asked.
$1650— New modern cotttage of 4 large rooms
and bath: high basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken houses, etc.; lot 75x200; fronting
on two streets: fine location.
For sale In East Oakland— $1050, $100 cash and
$12 monthly will buy a pretty cottage of 4
large rooms and bath; high basement: good
brick foundation; fruit trees;" lot 35xlC0; good
neighborhood and a bargain.
$1700— Chicken ranch of Zft acres; house of 4
rooms, stable and chicken houses; fine location:
only one block from electric cars.
Chicken ranch of 3H acres: house of 7 rooms
and. bath: barn: choice fruit trees; fine well,
windmill and tank; for rent at $10 per month.
Stock and fixtures for sale, consisting of 432
thoroughbred chickens, 500 pigeons, 433 pigeon
boxes, one incubator, 8 brooders, 19 water foun-
tains, 4 chicken houses, one brooder house 4
egg cases, etc.. etc., etc.- . . *.- -. .. •' '
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cat.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.,
OAKIiAIfD REAL ESTATE.
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern East lake cottage
of 5 large rooms, ? bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high -basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny
side; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the. cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
| ments If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive agents for this property.
¦ -' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1800— ON terms; a 7-room story and a half
Gothic style house; large rooms, double par-
lors, bath, porch; sunny • and fine loca-
tion; hair block from electric cars and S min-
utes' walk from local train to San Francisco:
near Telegraph ave., State University and
schools; house virtually new, good condition
newly painted; stable, loft chicken yard;
well and fine water; also city water; fruit
trees; lot 40x122 feet (note the size): discount
for cash, or part. . . - -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of 6 fine, large sunny rooms; porcelain
bath and sink; elevated lot. 40x150 (note the
size) near Grove st; street work all done;
a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500— EASY monthly payments to settle an
estate; two-story house of 9 rooms, bath, hall,
bay windows, etc.. all In good condition; lot
63x120 feet (note the size) with gravel drive-
way; barn, toolhouse, - carriage-house, fine
fruit ""trees, lawn, shade trees, flowers, etc. ;
street macadamized and sewered and stone
walks laid; rental value $20 per month; In-
sured for $2000: bank mortgage $13000; thia
property cost $3300; handy to schools and
churches; choice location; close to Telegraph
ave.; price $2500 on monthly payments; lib-
eral discount for quick cash sale; chance to
get a bargain; title perfect and guaranteed;
investigate at once. .
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
¦ ¦ 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, ~
' 903 Broadway, Oakland. : -
READ................ READ READ
READ READ READ
84x100— Choice Webster st corner for $1400;
fine corner for a doctor; beautiful building
site.
33x100— On Webster st. close la. for $1250;
. fine neighborhood; close to street cars and
Narrow Gauge local; two lots.
50x100— On Twenty-fourth st, near Webster,
for $1100; fine for flats; will rent well.
34x100— Corner of Valdez and Twenty-fourth
sts.; east frontage; $1250. — , ¦ i
' '¦; :r\: - ; =¦••
33x100— On Valdez st,- near Twenty-third; •
The best offered In residence lots for th« j
money In Oakland. WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$475 CASH; $15 monthly till paid— A model
chicken ranch of -one acre with plenty outside
range; nice cottage of 5 rooms In good re-
' pair; water piped over grounds and In house;
' "Al" . well of waters and windmill; barn,
stable, chicken houses and fine broodery; as-
sorted family orchard in fine bearing; im-
. mense shade trees; shrubbery and flowers;
fronts on two main streets; price $2125; stock
and implements can be had at a bargain; soil. '
climate and. view the very best; no fog* nor
raw winds. here; adjoining East Oakland; call,
or send for circular; 455 Seventh st.. opposite'
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
$250 cash. $6 monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet:
' grand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house, sheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electrio
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
lic grammar school; soil.- climate and view '
the very best; no fogs nor cold winds here;
price, all told, $675. Call or send for circular,
' 433 7th et. opposite Broadway station. Oak-
¦ 'land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR sale — New 7-roonv ' 2-story house, well
. built and modern hi every particular; situat-
ed on Tenth ave.; "Nob Hill" of East Oak-
land; good neighborhood: . good car service
and good location; lot 50x150; price and terms
. reasonable: will take good Oakland lot In
part- exchange. B. H. » WELCH. Owner,
: 1379 Tenth ave.. East Oakland.
A SNAP for $3230— An Eighth st. seven-room
residence; lot 30x110: " cement walks, etc;
rented for J25 per month; must be sold. Ad-
, ; dress R. Box 2311. Call office. Oakland.
For Additional Ulaasmea Advertise*
ments See Page Thitty.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold." KROGH MFG-.-CO.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE, m Beale st '
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. -BULLARP & BRECK, 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.;
WANTED- TlTor lTST p! double action hoist-
ing engine; also small rock breaker; must be
cheap and in good condition.- Box 2S6, Call.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
WANTED— At once; old . sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY?~^~^
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life' insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
- First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought;. no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R, McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; -loans
on second - mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY, 608 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests ; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgagee, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building. 206 Kearny St., room 314.
HIGHLY respectable, private, place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos ..and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest
9 Grant ave.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.; near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
cat .indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building..
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10. Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON REAL estate — 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st. ' •
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission ;¦ private. - Room- 81, 6-Eddy-st. .
UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. . •
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $700 for Al security; good interest;
no scalpers needed. Box 252, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good upright S36; 1 better.' $85.
2 good grands. $175, $195.
6 uprights, $135, $155, $183, $190, $198.
. Also Conover, Steinway. Weber, Vose, Curtaz,
' Decker Bros., Pease Standard, little used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. J39; 1 7-stop. *44.
1 7-stop.. $48; 1 fine like new, $64..
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop, Liszt style.
Mason & Hamlln, very fine, $150.
Easy payments. BEN J. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng Agency.
14,000 sq. feet: largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, 38 per
month; some good pianos sold for $J, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Eielnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland. • -'
OUR special "anniversary" sale Is still on; If
you have not already bought we can make It
an object for you to come and see us; we
have uprights from $75 upward; you get low
.prices for cash or payments. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls: great bar-
gain list, *50 up; Steinway. {185 up; Fischer.
$1(0; Chickering, $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER £ CHASE. SO O'Farrell
st; established 1850.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett, Hardman, Packard,
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented; wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch store. 951 Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION, PIANO BUYERS!
Pchmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester, Ham-
ilton and Eplelman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 3SS. 310, 312 Post
A LARGE upright Schubert piano for sale at'
a bargain. Apply 316 Waller st. i-
WANTED— Good second-hand olano cheap for
cash; no dealers. SCHRODER. 105 Mason st.
$50— EMERSON and 7 bargain uprights and
baby grand. Fay's Piano Factory, 1729 Mlssn.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright. $37; Steinway
upright. $165. Room 88, 217 Geary st. .. • .
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine' large 3-pedal up-
right piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
STEINWAY. $100; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $180 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bids-
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 219 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE" 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sti.
A SPECIAL for this wejk— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st.
ELEG A NT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., JJ60 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers.- old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD • second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO LEASE for one or more years— Five stores
lodge-room and hall 1'n "West Berkeley. Apply
to S. A. PENWELL, West Berkeley.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ad-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st.
GUERRERO, 1043. nr. Twenty-third— Store, flx-
tures and living rooms; suitable for dress-
making, etc. ,
STORE to let, suitable for barber shop and '
cigar stand ; opp. 8/ P. depot. 693 Fourth st.
¦'.;.¦. ... •.,-.,- 'OIL. ¦,':,'.' - ' '-.'¦; v
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; ait
sites; cheap. H. S. WHITE. BIB Mission ft
ASD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d; tel. Red 3521.
¦PHYSICIAKS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office' and residence.
1021% Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
, 764-766 Clayst; see testimonials at office. >
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton. St.- opp. .
Union square_,all diseases cured by herbs, -,
¦ ¦ '. .•¦.¦¦¦' • • '¦ ¦ .'-:
HELP WASTED — MALE— Con.
<» J 9 rA £7 ED ~ ReUable farmer and wife, without
«^!£ r ? n * Xor 83la11 ranch In Napa County;
* ff?*^ Uoase - Apply Monday. SHADBURNE.
tit Bacramento 6t.
WANTED— Good all-round candy maker, who
understands making Icecream, etc; state ex-
perience and reference. Box C. Call branch,
800 Hayes St.-
6A6H and door men, bench hands, marine flre-
••, 8aIlorB ' lumber stevedores; non-union;
™. ° m 9* If* 58 - Mechanics" Registration Bu-
reau. 410 Kearny st. room 24.
W^ 5CT ? D ~ 100 xnen t0 act as guards: ex-sol-
aiers bring discharge; others, references; $3 a
£w *» ( 1 k^ 1 " 18 - Apply 4163 Twentieth st. 10
"» «, to— day.
"Vf ANTED—A first-class horseshocr to work on
drl^Tw y » un f T . aad Btrlc «y temperate. Ad-
Qress H. R. HUIE. €S So. Sixth st.. San Jose.
B ?J^? r ? ar J* ;Ilt «- «»op: strong, honest and
anxious to learn trade; good chance; state
*C*. Box 840. Call office.
°H T < T .^. f 2 r musUn underwear factory: must
i??™* t^ ia & 1 " business thoroughly; ref-
eaoes. • Box 409, Call office.
WANTED— Pattern makers and Iron grill work-
aSi ¦ « Api 2l Jr Paclfic Met *l Bedstead Co.. Bay
and Stockton ets.. city.
W r^T rEI> ~ A Iew br!Kht t( > work ln Bhirt
31 Batte 1 ' T^ E U ELKUS CO -« 29 and
' ear ° CUtUcg ' « M1S -
KJSIFE cutter wanted. 656 Mission st. third
C Ma?ket a st er * BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
W « A^S rEI> ~ Mai1 t0 "*t edges. WENTWORTH-
SWIT2ER SHOE CO.. 26 Main st
WAXTET>— Preseman on coats. Apply at fac-
tory of S. K. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
GOOD driver for mineral water wagon; must
Eavc reference and security. Box 294, Call.
: ."»" wages paid -
WANTEIWeweler to teach gentleman tha
trade; willing to pay for same. Box 429. CalL
°££E, ""Ji 1 ?. 1^ or Mc Kiiley memorial pic-
turea. Call 508 California su. room 34.
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st
STROXG boy wanted: call 8 a. m. F. J. MIL-
LER. 2304 Folsom et.
WAITER wanted. 601 Twentieth st
WANTED— Dishwasher. 28 Seventh st
WANTED— Errand boy at 206 O'Farrell st
BOTS wanted. Ill Clay st.
WANTED— By manufacturing house, resident
manager for general sales agency; salary
$1600 and commissions; office duties; must
furnish $2000 and references. District Mana-
ger. 73 Union Trust Bldg.. Cincinnati, O.
MANAGERS In each State; wealthy corpora-
tion; ealary $1$ weekly and expenses; Inclose
»=e]f -addressed stamped envelope. Manager
SOS Caxton building. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push-
cood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Reliable man as foreman for man-
ufacturing business; must be well recom-
mendea and have security. Box 328, Call.
YOUNG man in gents' furnishing store; make
himself generally useful; salary and experi-
ence. Box 33S. Call office.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted; work Inside. 225%
Montgomery ave.
A PLUMBER: must be a thorough Jobber. 1325
T Howard st.
FOR sale— Barber ehop and living room. 114
Fourth et
GOOD errand boy. £55 Valencia st.
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
• grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection In-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS, 514 Bat-
tery «t
WANTED— Strevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good ¦wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be riven preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st
WANTED— Recruits fcr the marine corps. U.
-S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to epeak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
FM near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Reliable man to represent, locally,
a responsible manufacturing company; salary
$18 per wjek: splendid opportunity for ad-
vancement; NO CANVASSING. Address, with
references.. Manufacturer. 723 Chestnut St..
Philadelphia. Pa.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly;
ppecial inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE.. C35 Clay st.
BARBERS— Wanted, to buy a half or whole
interest In a good paying country barber
*hop; a shop with baths preferred. Box 255.
Call office. (_
WVNTED— An experienced trimming cutter on
Fhoes. CAHN. NICKELEBURG & CO.. 115
Hayes st.
WANTED— Boy 16 or 17 to take care of bi-
cycles; good home, also small wasres. P. H.
PETERSEN. S08 Fourth St.. San Rafael, Cal.
BARBERS— Fine 2-chair ehop with baths for
sale in good country town; 4 living rooms.
Address box 390. Call office.
6 FTRST-CLASS machinists; wages 25c an
hour. Box 308, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 56c SE3 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
XT ANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st *
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. Ft
WANTED— Jewelers. S£8 Bush st. third floor,
froom 4.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 159 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ROCK drillers and Quarrymen. Apply 232
, Montgomery et
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Id Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Halght st
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 222 Mont-
gomery et
2 FTRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRJJM & OTTER, C81 Market fit
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
£an Francisco Barber Echool, 741 A Howard st
WANTED— COO men to buy new and id-hand
army Khoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
Icet— 700 rooms, 2Se night; reading rooms; free
'bus asd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fsubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
U paceg. In wrapper tor mailing tl per year.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HORSES WA3TTED.
m^Z „ ; :
WANTED — 6ound, gentle buggy horse: 1000
pounds; trial required; must bs cheap. 1016
Shotwell PCEvery Vessel That Makes Port Goes Into Mourning as Soon as the News of
McKinley's- Death Is Brought From the Shore- -The Emily Reed Flies
.Her Ensign at Sunrise, the News Having Reached Her the Night Before
FLAGS HALF-MASTED ON THE FRONT
OUT OF RESPECT TO DEAD PRESIDENT
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Arrived prior to Sept 13 — Stmr City of Pe
king, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong; stmr Izuml Mam, from Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Campa
nia and stmr Georglc. from New Tork.
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Etruria. for New Tork.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived SeDt 14 — Stmr
Southwark. from New York, for Antwerp.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New Tork;. stmr St Louis, from South
ampton, for New York.
stmr ¦Werra. for Naples; stmr Marque tte, for,'/
London; stmr Statendam, for Rotterdam, rim I
Boulogne; stmr Astoria, for Glasgow; stmr
Nomadic, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver, via Yolco-
SYDNEY, NSW — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr
Moana, from Vancouver, via Honolulu.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 1*-Stmr Glen
esk. from Tacoma. via Yokohama, etc
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER li
Foot Crushed by an Elevator.
H. Schilling, an employe of the Califor
nia "Wine Association, had his right foot
crushed yesterday. while riding on an ele
vator In the association's buildln g on
Brannan street. His injuries were dressed
at the Central Emergency 'Hospital.
_ P. J. Lynch, o3 Albion avenue, while at
ci mP »l n ?vi O alish * from a ' Fillmore etreet
W nLh^>J?, ros6 L n 5, °, f California street
£11 ? JF V a 11 and dislocated his hip. He
Hospital at the Central Emergency
Falls From an- Electric -Car.
- ' The : Archer : and • the : Geneva will load - mer-.
chandlse here for Honolulu; the Diamond Head
merchandise ".. at. Seattle for^ same port; the
Maria »E." Smith : and ', the Skajh, lumber at
Shipping Merchants.
Katters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are but three tide*, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar» la
addition to the soundings on the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference 1* the mesa
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Loir
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sao
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at botn place*.
There was a desperate fight- in Bolinas
Bay, yesterday morning, in which the par
ticipants j were two \ crews of fishermen
and a. man-eating shark. Remarkable
tales of the sea have been written from
time to time, but no truthful story of a
conflict with, a monster' of the deep has
ever been told that eclipses in all its dra
matic situations -the struggle of Captain
Nick Franievich and several other ilsher
• men with this powerful and • desperate
product of the sea.
,. It appears that yesterday morning while
the* tisnermen .had their nets set for. the
bass that frequent Bolinas Bay they no
ticed a great commotion in the • water.
The men who were in charge of the boat,
which is known as the Slaviansky, imme
diately made an attempt to draw in their
nets. ¦ ¦ ¦ . • . ¦ . ¦ • • ¦ •
They were greatly alarmed when they
discovered a great man-eating shark, a
monster very Beldom encountered in these
waters. , . ¦-.',.
.The seriousness of the situation became
apparent to the fishermen when the shark
plunged toward the boat and snapped at
the rail. The powerful man-eater snapped
off about six inches of the. boat's rail and
the fishermen decided to call for help.
They signaled the:13dar to come to their
assistance, and then this remarkable bat
tle took place; The shark fought desper
ately. ' and the ' fishermen • saw that their
only hope lay in the use of the clubs they
carry -in- their' boats. . Seven men plied
their clubs .upon the head of the vicious
shark until it was dead.
-It is supposed that this man-eater fol
lowed some vessel up, the coast.- ~ ' • -
Fight With a Shark.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 14-Stmr Bulgaria,
for, Hamburc;- ( stmr Umbria, for Liverpool;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
fo? J New E Yo 3 rk led SeDt 14 ~ StInr
fot N l^ E YoVk? alled SCPt 1 ?~ StInr Frtesland,
QUEENSTOWN-SaNed Sent 14-Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool, for New Vork
BREMEN-Sailed Sept 14-Stmr Grosser Kur
furtt. for. New York, via Cherbourg
LONDON— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Nigeria^ for
San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Sept 13— Ger ship Nere
ide, from Tacoma, for Queens town; Ger bark
Anna, hence May 14, for Queenatown.
DUNKIRK— Arrived SeDt 13— Fr bark Mar
the. hence May 13.
DUBLIN— Arrived Sept 12— Er ship Khyber.
from Portland. ¦..¦••¦ • . .
VALPARAISO-Sailed Sept 13— Ger stmr
Ramses, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Sailed SeDt 13— Stmr Enterprise,
for fan Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prfcr to Sept 13—
Bark Sonoma, from Chemainu*. .
BRISBANE— Arrived Sept 13— Br stmr Aoran
gi, from Vancouver.
TALCAHUANO— Sailed Aug !!0-^Br ship Ley
land Brothers, > for Oregon. ¦ . ¦
TABLE BAY— In port Aus 5— Br ship Glen
alvon. for Oregon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 14— Ship Charmer,
from Honolulu; schr C S Holmes, from Port
Townsend.
Sailed Sept 14— Ship Jabez Howes, for Syd
ney. .
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 14— Ital bark Carlo
P. from Valparaiso: Ger bark Favorita, from
Iquique.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 14— Barre Santa
Pa'ula, in tow of tug Rescue, liience Sept 11.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Dirigo,
from Skacuay; stmr Conemaush. from Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr
Portland, from Oyster Harbor; Br ship Eden
ballymore, from Plsagua: Ger ship Placilla,
from Caleta Buena; schr Peerlsss. from Santa
Rosalia.
Passed In Serrt 14— Stmr DIiIko, with stmr
Cutch in tow, for Seattle. :, •¦• -. ; .
Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong.
EUREKA— Arrived, Sept 1(1— Schr Azalea,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 14 — Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 14, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
July 17. lat 33 S. Ion 121 W— Br ship Crlc
cleth Castle, hence April 30. lor Queenstown.
July 12, off Cape Horn — Nor tark Prince Vic
tor, from Vancouver, for Queonsborough.
SPOKEN.
Saturday, September 14.
Stmr Gualala. Genereaux. . *
Stmr Prosrreso, Parker, Tact.ma.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Tampico. Evans, Seattle.
Stmr Jennie. Mason, Oyster Harbor.
Bktn Retriever. Sloan, Port lladlock.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Papeete.
Schr Defiance, Blum, Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Ger stmr Serapis, Richert, Hamburg and way
ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Enselhorn, Levitt, Cjueenstown; Ep
pin^er & Co.
Berk Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu; "Welch
& Co.
Bktn Planter. Chase, Honolulu; Williams,
rjlmond & Co.
Schr W F Jewett, Mlkknlsen, Klawack;
North Pacific Trading & Packln* Co.
CLEARED.
Br ship Nel3on, Periam, 41 days from Callao.
Fr schr Papeete. Martin. 35 days from Ta
hiti.
Saturday. September 14.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander. 27 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hinkle, 10 hours from
Mofs Landln~. " /
Shipping Intelligence.
There is. trouble over the cargo of the
ship McLaurin. The salmon has not been
properly labeled and all the tins will have
to be Jixed over again before the , con
signees will accept the shipment.
The Kosmos liner Serapis did not get
away for Hamburg yesterday. She was
loaded last evening and will sail tills
¦morning..- '
sFAmong the clearances yesterday were
the . barkentines Andrew . Welch and
Planter and the British ship Englehorn.
They will sail to-day.
The barkentine -Tropic Bird sailed for
Tahiti yesterday with a full cargo.
The 'lampico, which returned to port on
account cl being short of coal, sailed
again yesterday. She has her bunkers full
and an extra quantity of ballast, so she
should reach the Sound without any fur
ther trouble. >».'_¦
Water Front Notes.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul will not get away for Nome until
this evening. The. crew was by the ves
sel, but the fuel could not be secured, as
there were no longshoremen to handle it.
Captain Hays ana his omcers got their
coats' off and worked like beavers until
the bunkers were filled. The steamship
is now ready for sea and will get away
tnis afternoon.
St. Paul Delayed.
- The American ship Kmily Reed arrived
from Honolulu yesterday after a run of
14 days. This is the best voyage of the
season, and the other sugar vessels have
a new mark for this time of the year to
sail against. The Emily Reed brings
16,404 bags of sugar and further credit to
the Hind, Rolph & Co. fleet.
Made a Fast Sun.
The collier Matteawan arrived from the
Sound yesterday morning with more than
5000 tons of coal. The captain reports that
on September 13 at 8:30 a. m., in latitude
20 miles west northwest of Point Arena,
he passed the log ratt.' The tugs weru
doing well and the raft seemed to be in
tact.
News of the. Lumber Baft.
The steamship Horda goes to Oakland
to-day to finish discharging. When cleared
she will go to Noyo to load railroad ties
ior Guayaquil. The Buckingham linished
loading ties' at Noyo yesterday for the
same port and will probably sail to-day.
She carries over 2,000,000 feet of railroad
ties. • •.
Lumber for Central America.
The Kosmon line steamer Seranis cleared
yesterday for Hamburg and way ports with a
general cargo valued at $60,747. manifested and
destined as follows: Mexico. $S596; Ecuador.
$4S2S: Peru, $8366; Chile, $3657; Havre, $8500;
Hamburg,. $4774; London, $22,046. The princi
pal exports were as follows:
To Mexico;— 1395 gals wine, SO bbls flour. 139
pkgs eroceries and provisions, to cs whisky.
3G0 lbs tea, 7926 lbs soda. 100 rs canned goods,
44S lbs sago, 70 pkgs paste, 223> lbs dried fruit.
2097 lbs ham and bacon, 98 cirts potatoes and
onions, 110 cits fruit, 20 cs arms and ammuni
tion., es kegs nails and spikes. 29 cs crackers.
23 pkps machinery, 6 pkgs dry goods. 15 pkgs
ship chandlery, 16 crts furniture, 20 cs raisins,
3 cs acids, 2 cyls ammonia.
To Ecuador— 100 eals brandy, 4 cs 140 gals
wine, S cs cordials, U00 bbl3 flour. 13 ctl9
wheat, 10 bdU brooms.
To Peru — 450 bbls flour, 160 cs salmon, 906
Mis shcoks, 496 coils 15 bdls rcpe. 20 cs canned
poods. £0,910 lbs malt. 16 pkgs paint and oils,
4078 lbs dried shrimps.
To Chile — 6C0 bb!s flour* 777 cs salmon.
To H^vre— 12,163 ibs cascara sasrada, 1.763.
372 lbs tallow.
To Hamburg— 10,000 sals red oil. 7234 lbs bees
wax. 1 crt sewing machine.
To London — 18,000 lbs hops. 21,671 ctls barley.
Cargo for the Kosmos Liner.
BUSINESS was at a standstill
along the water front yesterday.
Nearly every great maritime na
tion in the. world is represented
here by one or more ships, and
each vessel of the fleet flew its country's
flag at half-mast out of respect to the
memory of President McKinley. At sun
set Friday night there was not a flag in
sight. At sunrise Saturday morning there
.was not a Vessel, no matter what her
nationality, that had not her flag at half
mast. The British fleet was ndticeable,
Inasmuch as the ensign was flown at the
staff qnd the house Hag at the fore, both
at half-mast. "Except on steamships that
must get away to-day, no work was done,
and sailing ships that were scheduled to
sail to-day will not get away until Tues
day or Wednesday.
The British ship Englehorn was cleared yes
terday for Queer.stown for orders, with 83,163
ctls wheat, valued, at $82,750, and 27,000 feet
lumber dunnage,', valued at $405.
Wheat for Europe.
Port Gamble for Honolulu: tine Benicla. lum
ber at Port Blakeley for Callao, 46s; the Emily
Reed, lumber and merchandise here for Mel
bourne: the Lurline, lumber and merchandise
at Grays . Harbor for Mexico; the Iquique,
wheat here for Europe. 3Ss 6d. if merchandise
40s, chartered prior to arrival; the S. P. Hitch
cock, wheat and barley for Europe, 32s 6d,
prior to _ arrival: the Llsbeth, wheat at Ta
coma for Europe, 27s 6d, prior to arrival; the
Samoena. same (at Portland), 38s. The rate
of the Italian shiD Francesco Ciampa is 33s
6d, and not 3Ss 9d, as previously reported.
SUNSET ON THE FRONT. THE LAST RAYS OF OLD SOL SHO"W ALL. THE VESSELS AT ANCHOR OFF MEIGG8
WHARF WITH THEIR FLAGS AT HALF MAST OUT OF RESPECT TO THE MEMORY OF THE LATE PRES
IDENT McKINLEY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
30
iteamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki- Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 1$
Oregon Nome & Teller Sept. IS
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 29
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome direct ISept. *0
Ccttage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 23
Humboldt.: Skagruay & Way Ports.|Sept. 23
Steamer.
I
Destination.
! Sails. I Pier.
September IS.
Ferapls Hamburg & Way..
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way
Bonlta Redondo & Way...
September 16.
Eureka I. Humboldt
Point Arena... Point Arena
September 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
September IS.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Corona Redondo & Way...
Australia Tahiti direct
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Newport Panama & Way...
September 19.
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork.. Humboldt
September 2O.
Doric China and Japan..
September 21.
Colombia Valparaiso & Way.
Mariposa Honolulu
Rainier Seattle & N. What
September 22.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way.
September 23.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria
13 m Pier 37
10 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier U
4 pm Pier U
9 am Piar 13
1 pm Pier 1
10 ampler S
5 pm Pier S
9 am Pier U
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
13 mPMSS
1:30 p Pier »
9 am Pier 1
1 pm PMS3
Vt m Pier M
2 pm Pier 7
5 pm Pier >
11 am Pier 9
11 am Pier »
11 amjPler !4
Steamer.
From.
I Du».
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Port* Sept. 15
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 15
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. IS
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. W
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Fc-moi-a Humboldt Sept. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Sept. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City. .......... Sept. 17
Mariposa Honolulu Sept. IS
Tltania Nanalmo Sept. 18
Wyefield. Oyster Harbor....- Sept. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept l!»
Santa Rosa.... San Dleero & Way Pts. Sept. 19
Eureka Humbotdt Sept. 13
Pleiades Seattle Sept. 19
Nippon Mara. China and Japan Sept. 20
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 30
Ctrona....*. Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Colombia Valparaiso & Way PU. Sept. 23
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 24
Knterprise New York via Panama Sept. 24
Sun rises 5-so
Sun 'sets.. 8:19
Moon sets 7:20 p. m.
Time Time Tim* Time
Date » Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
V. H W L. W H W X. W
15 ... 1:00 4.S 6:23 1.6 1:00 5.3 7.03 0.9
IS .. 1:50 4.5 6:56 2.0 1:29 5.3 7:50 0.9
17 .. 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 5.1 8:33 0.9
•IS .. 3:33 4.0 8:10 2.8 2:36 5.0 9:30 O.S
19 ... 4:39 3.9 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9 10:25 0.3
iO .. 5:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 4:05 4.8 U::sl 0.8
21 .. 6:4S 44 ll:20| 3.2 5:00 4.8| |
Sun rises 5-so
Sun 'sets.. 8:19
Moon sets 7:20 p. m.
Time Time Tim* Time
Date » Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
V. H W L. W H W X. W
15 ... 1:00 4.S 6:23 1.6 1:00 5.3 7.03 0.9
IS .. 1:50 4.5 6:56 2.0 1:29 5.3 7:50 0.9
17 .. 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:56 5.1 8:33 0.9
•IS .. 3:33 4.0 8:10 2.8 2:36 5.0 9:30 O.S
19 ... 4:39 3.9 8:51 3.0 3:10 4.9 10:25 0.3
iO .. 5:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 4:05 4.8 U::sl 0.8
21 .. 6:4S 44 ll:20| 3.2 5:00 4.8| |
iteamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki- Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 1$
Oregon Nome & Teller Sept. IS
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 29
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome direct ISept. *0
Ccttage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 23
Humboldt.: Skagruay & Way Ports.|Sept. 23
Steamer.
I
Destination.
! Sails. I Pier.
September IS.
Ferapls Hamburg & Way..
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way
Bonlta Redondo & Way...
September 16.
Eureka I. Humboldt
Point Arena... Point Arena
September 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
September IS.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Corona Redondo & Way...
Australia Tahiti direct
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Newport Panama & Way...
September 19.
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork.. Humboldt
September 2O.
Doric China and Japan..
September 21.
Colombia Valparaiso & Way.
Mariposa Honolulu
Rainier Seattle & N. What
September 22.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way.
September 23.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria
13 m Pier 37
10 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier U
4 pm Pier U
9 am Piar 13
1 pm Pier 1
10 ampler S
5 pm Pier S
9 am Pier U
10 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
13 mPMSS
1:30 p Pier »
9 am Pier 1
1 pm PMS3
Vt m Pier M
2 pm Pier 7
5 pm Pier >
11 am Pier 9
11 am Pier »
11 amjPler !4
Steamer.
From.
I Du».
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Port* Sept. 15
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 15
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. IS
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. W
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Fc-moi-a Humboldt Sept. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Sept. 17
Crescent City.. Crescent City. .......... Sept. 17
Mariposa Honolulu Sept. IS
Tltania Nanalmo Sept. 18
Wyefield. Oyster Harbor....- Sept. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept l!»
Santa Rosa.... San Dleero & Way Pts. Sept. 19
Eureka Humbotdt Sept. 13
Pleiades Seattle Sept. 19
Nippon Mara. China and Japan Sept. 20
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 30
Ctrona....*. Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Colombia Valparaiso & Way PU. Sept. 23
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 24
Knterprise New York via Panama Sept. 24
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAXD RELAX. ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 4O Eighth st., Oakland.
$3600— Extra choice two-acre suburban home,
with fine improvements worth $3000; all In full
bearing fruit; cost S4£0t>; offer wanted.
££00— Cost owner fl2,000; extra fine bargain;
10-room modern and complete specially con-
structed home; corner; oO feet on two prominent
streets; car line; non-resident; a sacrifice; cen-
tral location; fine for professional man,
$7250— Reduced from $12,009, original cost:
choice Lakeside district; residence 12 rooms;
66 feet; surrounded by houses of bankers and
capitalists; mortgaged and must be sold im-
mediately.
$2300— $200 cash, $20 month; bank sal* of a
pretty new colonial 2-story, 6-room; porcelain
bath; 2 toilets; mantel; foMing doors; sunny
6lde of street; driveway; deep lot; street com-
plete; between Grove and Telegraph; a splen-
did, easy term home bargain.
$20.000— Mortgage $12,000 at e% per cent; mag-
nificent Lakeside residence; corner; with an
interior embellishment that must be seen to be
appreciated; property must be sold or equity
traded at once; offer* wanted.
*2S00— Mortgage $2900; owner must sell by
October 1; extra pretty Piedmont corner home;
new and complete; 2-story; 6 room; 66x110; offer
wanted.
$130— Mortgage $900; cost $1600; within few
blocks oX Thirteenth-avenue station; neat col-
onlaJ cottage; 6 rooms and bath; must sell.
1500— Cash; don't fall to see those new two-
story colonial bouses Just completed; each with
8 rooms; interior finish specially designed; take
your choice of four, one on corner; grandly
located for professional people; price $4000,
$4500. 15000; terms almost as easy as rent.
tSlOO— Investment flats; rents $50 month; new
modern acd complete; choicely situated; near
Telegraph ave.
$6500-An estate bargain; rent* $75 month;
corner with four two-story houses; right down
town; seml-yisiness property; present bid,
JC250; $6500 gets it; subject to approval of court.
$7500— Absolutely the prettiest new home In
Upper Piedmont; 8 rooms; extra fine architec-
ture; grandly situated; big lot; the best loca-
tion; fine residences adjoining and opposite.
$3500— Sacrifice; a complete up-to-date home;
• rooms; barn; lot 50x150; choicest location
East Oakland Heights; cost of improvements
exceeds price.
.,. £ LV< ?- XIFICEXT FRtTT RANCH.
$16,600— Finest fruit ranch near Oakland for
the price; mortgage $|D00; must be sold; offer
wanted at once; tl acre* full bearing j city
style Improvements; absolute sacrifice.
EXTRAORDINARY SALB.
$S500 unfurnished: J10.000 furnished; Vernon
Heigsts, near Senator Perkins' mansion: an
elegant residence of 9 rooms; modern and com-
2 le . u J * ntert <«" magnificently and artlstfcally
finished; furnished only three months ago new
throughout from Breuner & Co.; dining-room
Bet cost over $500. and similar furnishings;
stylish home: superb neighborhood; special rea-
sons for selling; unusual sacrifice. .
, .iv 50^-* J?^** Ili: MrrUe ¦*•• *>«t. 8th and
10th; beautiful etreet; 2-story house of X0 rooms
and bath; lot 60x13; near Market-st. station,
$6250— Reduced from $7S0O; Linda Vista, ter-
r«*e (cholceet- part) ; corner house of 9 rooms,
bath, et&ble, furnace; full grown shrubberies;
rew loan $8500; Quick offer wanted; immediate
possession; owner packed to eo north.
$S000 — A capitalist home on heights of East
Oakland ("Warm Belt"); half block choicest
grounds; magnificent view; cars half block;
over $15,000 expended; offer wanted; going to
Germany.
$1650— Unusually pretty two-story Colonial: 4
large rooms, porcelain bath, mantel, choice
shrubberies; perfect home; Piedmant car line
one block: model home.
See us for Oakland Real Estate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
t 460 apd 462 8th street, Oakland.
J2700-ORIGINAL COST $3500. ~
Almost new 6-room houee: all the latest lm-
provementer lot 50x140; near business center
cars, schools, etc.; in first-class condition In
every way; owner non-resident and must sell;
no reasonable offer refused; first come, first
•erved. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2500— CORNER LOT, A BEAUTIFUL COT-
TAGE OF 7 ROOMS.
In the very choicest neighborhood in Oak-
land; owner moved to Los Angeles; our ln-
Etructions are to sell without reserve within
10 days; see this property and make an offer.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland, CaL
$2300— COST TO BUILD HOUSE. $2500.
Lot 40x020; 2-story "-room house; first-class
condition: Al neighborhood; naar cars, busi- j
ness center; owner in Chicago and has tele- I
graphed me to sell this properly at the above
quoted price. J. S. MYERS & CO., '
10C2 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
BOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
Business property paying 6 per cent net on
investment.
Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list; may exchange.
20 houf-es for sale on easy terms.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 852 Broad-
way, Oakland.
BARGAINS OF GEO: B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth st.
J24CO— 3 acres of land, not far from Telegraph
a\-e.; former price twice the amount; sacrifice.
An elegant home in Lakeside district. 10
rooms, etc.: only $5250; worth $7500.
New home of 7 rooms, laundry and bath; all
litest improvements; splendid location; lx>au-
tiful grounds; plate glass windows: only J3S0O;
$2S00 can remain, flat lean at S per cent.
$5500— Elegant new house of 9 rooms. ' laun-
dry and bath : Nob Hill of East Oakland? large
lot: terms If desired.
S. M. DODGE & SOX, "~ " ~ ~ ~~
.„„„ 1160 Broadway.
JoOCO— Fine home; 11 rooms and bath; lot
«0xl00; near local train and electric cars; prlr<*
reduced to $3000 for quick Bale; this is a bar-
gain; investigate.
$900— Beautiful East Oakland lot 63x125;
Ftreet work and sidewalk done; sewered; bar-
gain.
FINE lots; Roberts & Wolf skill Tract, near
Telegraph avenue. $300; also elegant lots on
Piedmont avenue, near Moss avenue very
cheap. C. K. KING. 952 Broadway.' Oak-
land.
LODGING house in Oakland; 40 rooms; best I
paying house In Oakland; $1600. c. K
KING. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
FIVE acres Fruitvale: good seven-room house;
land all in fruit; near electric care; $3500.
C. K. KING. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
Erx acres near Maywood and Stanford UnN
vorsity; $500. C. IC KING. 952 Broadway,
Oakland.
$1500— LOVELY cottage for sale; $100 cash and
monthly payments; a snap; by ALDEN CO
_1US Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES ef e\-ery description and price foi
f ale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10. f
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
$1£; 6 ROOMS, bath, stable, large Jot. ~^
$20— Fine cottage! 6 rooms; central.
, $10—6 rooms, etablc; near cars.
$10—5 rooms, barn; acre ground.
S45— 11 roome; east of Broadway.
$20—6 roome; flat; near Fourteenth Bt.
$15— « rooms: near local: modern.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway.
The House Renters of Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAM) FIKXITURB FOR SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
furniture <ii»alfr. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
JIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APARTMENTS— Upper floor of sunny corner
house; newly furnished for housekeeping: gas
range; complete and first class; good loca-
tlon; car line: no children. Box 34«. Call.
CLAY. 1026—4 nice unfurnished rooms: bath*
all conveniences for housekeeping: $13. *
ELLIS. 1164, near Gough— Elegant unfurnished
rooms, -an and bath.
GOLDEN Gate ave, 1404— Nicely furnished
front room and kitchen; also single front, $5.
HA1GHT. 232— £ eunny unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; must be seen to be appreciated;
reasonable.
HOWARD. 728 — 2 housekeeping rooms; also
double room and front room.
HOWARD, 17C3— A furnished bay-window room
for housekeeping; also single one. E
JACKSON. 1513— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; $13; private.
LARKIN, 716—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. Jli.
LASK1E, 27, bet. 8th and 9th, off Mission— 4
. furnished rooms; complete housekeeping; Ji;.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 849 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941J, F. W. ZEHFU33.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. ' ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, • sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year - for $1.
postage paid. . ¦
33^ypewrit^rs]j^5^supFlie^~[
great bargains in typewriters— we
sell -better machines for less money than any.
house In the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. MO Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. J60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines S10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION CO.—
Dividend notice — Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
one-half cents per share) will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Friday, . September 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books close Saturday, September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Sec.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
/
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Charles J. Smith. 26, city, and Gertrude M.
Larsen, 22, city.
James G. Fltzglbbon, 27, 63S Valencia street,
and Adeline M. Muller, 25, 1075 Gough street.
William C. Hall. 23. 1912 Kearny street, and
Katie Lagomarslno. 19, 184 Vandewater street.
John L. Mayfleld, 27, 241 Ivy avenue, and
Lena H. Tufts, 24, 1447 O'Farrell street.
'Max Lakner, 38, 244 Taylor street, and Louise
Frenk, 25. 215% Sixth street.
George M. Eagliri, 34, 1063 Howard street,
and Ethel L^ Getz. 20, 1615 Baker street.
Arnold de . P.- Lecluyse, 27, Paris, France, and
Adeline Biaglni, 23, 508 Greenwich street.
Charles B. Blumberg, 23, 438 Clementina
street, and Martha Brenner, 22, 226 Minna st.
George W. Kirchner. 23, . 182 Hawthorne
street, and May F. Friecke. 19, 634 Chestnut
street. • . ;
Louis C. Shingle, 29, 1103 Van Ness avenue,
and Maude M. Nelson, 26, 1105 Van Ness ave.
Irving C. Day, 23.- 124 Sixth street, and
Rowena B. McLaln, 18, 124 Sixth street.
Ollnto Landucci, 24, 565 Bryant street, and
Josephine Santini, 18, 959 Howard street. .
Alfred C. Imhaus, 31, 26 Hill street, and
Laura B. Humphery. 22, B19 Guerrero street.
""BIRTHS— BABBIABES-JEAim
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. -"
BARRY— In this city. September 5. 1901, to
the wife of Frederick Barry, a daughter.
BOYLAN— In this city, to the wife of Edward
Boylan, a son.
BIEDENBACH— In this city, September 8. 1901,
to the wife of Frederick Bledenbach, a son.
DRISCOLL— In this city, September 11. 1901. to
the wife of John A. Drlscoll, a daughter. !
EDELMANN— In this city, September 7, 1901.
to the wife of Leonard Charles Edelmann, a
sen.
LINDEMANN— In this city, September 12, 1901.
to the wife of C. Lindcmann. a son.
MATLOCK— In this city, August 28, 1901, to
the wife of Louis L. Matlock of Missoula,
Mont., a son. , *
MILLZNER— In this city, September 14, 1901.
to the wife of John H. Mlllzner, a son.
O'HARE— In this city, September 8, 190L to
the wife of Hugh O'Hare, a daughter.
REARDON— In this city. September 4, 1901, to
the wife of Neil Reardon. a daughter.
SHERMUND— In this city. September 3, 1901.
to the wife, of Conrad Shermund, a son.
WHITE— In this city. September 7, 1901, to the
wife of Thomas White, a daughter.
MABRIED.
CORNWELL— RIORDAN— In this city, Sep-
tember 11. 1901, Caflton M. Cornwell of San
Francisco and Mary A. Riordan of Napa.
EISENBERG— DITTRICH— In this city. Sep-
tember 14, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
William Eisenberg and I-Iedwlg Dittrich.
KIMBALL— REIMERS— In this city, Septem-
ber 12, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Christian F. Kimball and Lenora M. Reim-
ers.
KIRSCHNER— FRIESKE— In this city. Sep-
tember 14, 1901, » by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
George W. Kirschner and May F. Frieske.
KOESEL— BENHAM— In this city, September
3, 1901, by the Rev. Father T. Larkin, William
B. Koesel and Kittle Benham.
LALOR-GORMAN— OSWALD— August 18, 1S0J.
by the Rev. F. Clifford, David Lalor-Gorman
and May Belle Oswald, both of San Fran-
cisco. _
SALETZKE— SCHROEDER— In this city, Sep-
tember 10, 19C1. by the Rev. J. H. Scnroeder,
John August Saletzke and Caroline A.
Schrceder.
DIED. '.
Bernstein, Alexander Lucy, Annie
Blagrove. Mary E. McArdle, Nellie
Brauer. Henry J. Mockel. George C.
Burke, Mrs. Frances Nail. Cathrine
Cadagan, Catherine Nolan, Lawrence
Clancy, Mary A. - . O'Connor, Catherine
Collins. Frank J. Paulson, Dr. Bernard
Cook; Willie F. Pierson, Paul
Crudup, Mrs. H. Potter, Harry W.
Dudy, W. Thomas Quinn, George M.
Fairbanks. Bertha Schloen. John D.
Ferpo, Frederick Schuster, Frederick
Harvey, Thomas • Shinn, Joseph H.
Hawley, Edith V. Smith. Alexander W.
Hoyt, Mrs. Ella B. Temiile. Rufus
Kealey, Peter Wiersbitzky, Henry ¦
• Lessman, Amelia ~ Williams, Henry
BERNSTEIN— In this city, September 14, 1901,
at the German Hospital, Alexander Bern-
stein, beloved son of Gerson and Jeannette
Bernstein, a native of New York Citv, in his
49th. year.
BLAGROVE— In this city, September 14, 1901,
Mary E. Blairrove, dearly beloved wife of
E. P. Blasrove, mother of Edwin and Arthur
Blagrove, and beloved daughter of Ellen and
the late Bartholomew Wren, a native of San
Francisco, aged 38 years 1 month and 20
days.
EyFrlsnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, Ellen Wren, 1271 Foleom street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be served for the repose o*
her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRAUER— In this city. September 12. 1901,
Henry J., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Brauer, father of Annie, Henry, Eddie, Amy
and Freddie Brauer. and son of Mrs. Anna
Brauer, a native of San Francisco, aged 42
years and 1 day.
(CFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Eddy 6treet, between Steiner and
Pierce. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BURKE — A month's mind solemn requiem
mabs will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of Mrs. Frances M. Burke at St. Bren-
dan's Church to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited.
CADAGAN— In this city, September 14, 1901,
at her residence, 2223 Geary street, Cather-
ine, beloved wWe of the late James Cadagan,
and mother of Mary and Elese Cadagan, a
native of County Cork, Ireland. •
CLANCY— In this city, September 13. 1901,-
Mary Anna, beloved wife of John Clancy,
mother of William, Michael. Frank. Henry
and Clarence Clancy and Mrs. G. Goldberg
and the late Daniel Clancy, and sister 'of
Michael McCarthy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland.
» tCyThe funeral will - take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1004 Powell street, thence to St. Mary's,
Church (Paullst), where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
Fpectf ully invited to attend. Interment pri-
vate, Holy Cress Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. . j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan &' Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lineoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. ; ¦
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager. .
Eugene McGinn.-; McGINN BROS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. ¦ San Francisco.
No Connection With ¦ Any^ Other House.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 *nd*29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rtJNERAt. DIRECT0R3 AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment "at Moderate ' Rates.
JAMBS McGINN; I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 , Eddy st bet
Taylor . and Jones. . Telephone South S76. \ '¦:
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
. Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the Unl ted Undertakers' Associa tlon : ' M.
J. McBrearty,- with the same company for
30 years; P.. F. Green, late with J. C.
O'Connor & Co., * have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44.'. '"¦:
ROOMS FOR HOUSjEK:EEPIiyO~Cop.
LINDEX ave., 816, near Gough— 1' large runny
front room for housekeeping: .very reasonable.
MARKET, 165S. opposite Tenth— Adult* only;
large furnished sunny front alcove. $10.,
MCALLISTER, 38— Three or four housekeeping
rooms and bath; large yard.
MINNA. 237. bet. Sd and 4th (New York House)
— Housekeeping, single & double rms. from $1.
MISSION, 66L near Second— Front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
NICE front sunny room: furnished complete
for housekeeping: rent $2 per week. Apply
shoe store, 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OAK, 119—2 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping, bath, 2 beds, $14; 2 basement
rooms furnished for housekeeping, 2 beds, gas,
extra yard, $10.
OAK, 119— Two very sunny rooms; range,
yard, bath, hot and cold water. 2 beds; $14.
OAK. 231 — 1 unfurnished front room, with large
closet. - •
OAK. 247— Two unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping^
PIURCE, 3000, corner Filbert — A sunny corner
suite of furnished rooms; piano; bath; use of
kitchen; rent 115. ¦ .
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SACRAMENTO. 1631, near Polk— Upper or
lower portion; partly furnished.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished- rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. '
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny front
rooms, also single rooms; rent reasonable.
TURK. £25— Solar flats, fine, new, Chicago
style; S and 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
WALLER, 110 — Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory, hot
and cold water, bath, gas, grate, marine view,
also sunny bedroom, private; $15 for 2, $18, 3.
WEBSTER., 2927— Two furnished rooms,
kitchen and bath, complete for housekeeping;
near Union and Fillmore street car lines.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, SOc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to U per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGTLE, 234 McAllister — New. elegant, tunny;
KTill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars.
ALDINE, 404 Turk— Sunny corner room; 2 bay
windows: suitable 1 or 2 gents.
AT Eharta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st.-lOO newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 SO per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
first -class: quiet; central.
BAKER, 106— Sunny front room; reasonable
terms; private family; references.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1J64)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 727— Front room, furnished, for gentle-
men; bath; gas; reasonable.
BUSH, S97 — Newly and handsomely furnished
rooms; also elegant parlors suitable for physi-
cian or dentist; every convenience.
BUSH, 1412, near Van Ness— Well furnished
room; gas; bath and running water; private
I family; $7. V
CALIFORNIA, 1242— An elegant sunny . parlor
suite; bay-window; gas fireplace; every con-
venience; finest location; private family;
gentlemen preferred.
CAPP, 529 — Three unfurnished rooms and bath;
rent flO.
CAPP, 734, near Twenty-third— A nice sunny
front room.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Newly furnished single and double
rooms. $6 ud; central location.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — Furnished rooms to
let, Jl rer week. i ¦.
\
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 658 — Furnished and unfurnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 523— Sunny V&ouble con-
necting and single rooms;! private family.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European • plan), 24 Turk
Ft., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
Me per day and upward; special .rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
LARKIN, 804 — Lan:e sunny front; nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons: gas; $10.
LEAVENWORTH. 1511—2 large rooms; hot and
cold water and bath, with yard; rent $8.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlinston)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
MARKET, 1516— From $1 25 up; housekeeping,
#12.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.: single rooms. $10 up.
MCALLISTER, 515— Large sunny room; also
single; hot, cold water; bath; gas; closets.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window rootn; $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA; 450 — Sunny front room, suitable for !
one or two gentlemen; rent cheap. |
NICELY furnished room in private family; j
suitable for 2; all conveniences; rent reason-*
able. Apply 932 Sanchez st.
NICELY furnished room to rent.' Apply 609
Grove st.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
olfices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 271 (Oxford)— Furnished front
suite and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PACIFIC ave., 15S0— Lady wishing nicely fur-
nished room with family of 2; rent reason-
able: use of phone, etc.
PINE. !>00 — Sunny front room; new flat; private
family;- gentlemen.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 SO; week. $2 to
$?; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SPRUCE, 422— 2 unfurnished rooms: sun all day
in both rooms; desirable location; rent reason-
able to right party.
STOCKTON. SS2— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Furn. rooms;
suites from $3 to $7; singles $2 to $5; transient.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites.
f ingle rooms; 'running water: transient.
TURK, 543— Eunny room on corner floor; grate;
gas and bath;, $2 25 per week.
VAN NESS ave., 1100 — Sunny front single room
for gentleman; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eul-scriptjons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • .• •
ROOMS AND HOARD.- I
HOTEL Lambourne — Strictly high class; moat
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price; -
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Et., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WIDOW would like 2 small children to
beard; sunny yard. • 741% Folsom st.
BUSH, 1220— Furnished cr' unfurnished rooms,
with or without board; private family.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
lly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
EDDY. S26^-Newiy furnished rooms with board;
• pleasant; reasonable. - *
O'FARRELL. 603 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite; gplendld for gents; board.
HOTEL Rcpelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3375, near Guerrero— Alcove
suite; hot and cold Water; private; table board.
VAN NESS ave., 1407— Large front alcove room;
also smaller ones; good table: reasonable.
ROOMS "WANTED.
GENTLEMAN, middle age' ' of good habits.
£ «'» e ", r ooni with good family. Box. 424,
Call office. ' _
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B H?v te «,? ntS eJ ? cte^ £ r $4: collections made:
I rn A J** 1 ****- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5589.
D «» EA »f ES * and allln «" lt '* of men treated; con-
eultatlon free. American Dispensary. 814 Pine.
gEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented. exchangwPTe-
. pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
pairing: lowest rates;, phone Mint 45. 14»'6th.
§hanahanFlorisfCo.
X. ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable: „
fO7 POWEixST.Nt«ELLIS JSS056
COLLINS— In this city, September 13," 1901.
Frank J., beloved son of John and Mary Col-
lins, brother of Joseph and Charles Collins,
and nephew of Mrs. Martin Gavlgan, a na-
' tlve of San Francisco, aged 16 years 8 months
and 27 days. . ¦ -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 3133 Mission street,' corner of Pre-
cita avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where services will be held at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery- There will
- be a requiem high mass celebrated . Monday,
September 16, at 9 o'clock, for: the repose of
. his soul at St Paul's Church. Friends are
Invited.--' t- • < '
COOK— In this city. September 13, 1901, WilHo
F., beloved son of Ernest and Alma Cook,
. and brother of Emil, Henry, Emma, Ernest
Jr. and Gertrude Cook, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years 4 months and 1
day.
CRUDUP— In this city, September 13, 1901, Mrs.
Henrietta Crudup, beloved mother of Paul
and James Crudup. and slater of William
Witt, a native of Germany, aged 65 years
3 months and 1 day. -
It^Friende and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, James Crudup, 328% Slxth'.ave-
nue, Richmond District. Interment Mount
Olivet . Cemetery. '•<-."•"?.'•.' •
DUDT-In this city, September 14, 190V "W.
Thomas, beloved husband of Hester G. Dudy,
and father of William, John, Dan, Katie and
Esther Dudy, a native of County • Limerick,
Ireland, aged 61 years.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., -767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the. re-
pose 'of his soul, commencing ' at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FAIRBANKS— In this city, September 13, 1901,
Bertha Fairbanks (nee Kammerer), dearly
beloved wife of - Willard Fairbanks, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Charles A. Koenig, and sister of
Mrs. G. 'W. Brownlnjr, -Mrs. P. Linder and
Miss Mamie Kammerer, a native of New
York, aged 26 years 9 months and 3 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral v to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
FERPO— In Alameda, September 12, 1901, Fred-
erick Ferpo, beloved son of Jerome and Ade-
laide Ferpo, a native of San Pablo. Cal.,
aged 13 years and 10 months. : -
E?"Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 207 Cypress street, Alameda, Cal./ In-
. terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HAKVET— In this city, September 12. 1901. at
his residence, 4039 Twenty"-slxth street,
Thomas Harvey, beloved brother of Mrs. Mc-
' Dermott (Mrs. Alexander) and Mrs. Olsen, a
native of Ireland, aged 49 years.
ITyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ,the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAWLEY— In this city. September 14. 1901,
Edith Violet Hawley, beloved daughter of
Albert M. and May Hawley, and sister of
Cecil, 'Floss, Maude, Virgil, Ray and Gerald
Hawley, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
. month and 7 days. -
HEALEY— In this city, September 14, 1801.
Peter, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Healey, a native of County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 73 years 11 months • and 3 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3246 Army street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9:45
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOYT— In Grass Valley, September 10. 1901,
Mrs. Ella B. Hoyt, daughter of Mrs. Charles
Smith, and mother of Gene and Maud Hoyt.
LESSMAN— In this city, September 12. 1901,
Amelia Lessman, beloved wife of Isaac Lass-
man, and sister of Alexander Warmbroom, a
native of Poland, aged 62 years 6 months and
19 days. \
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 John street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets by 3:30 o'clock train. In-
. terment New Salem Cemetery. • . •
r JUCY-In this city, September 13, 1901, Annie,
beloved wife of John T. Lucy, mother of
Willie and George Lucy, and sister of
Thomas and James Bryson and the late Wil-
liam Bryson, a native of San- Francisco. .
(TTTrlends and acquaintances > are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Suj)dcy), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
,of the United Undertakers. • 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
. services at 2 .o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McARDLE— In this city. September 14, 1901,
Nellie McArdle, dearly beloved wife of John
McArdle, and mother of May and Joe "Mc-
Ardle, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years. *
MOCKEL— In this city. September 14, 1901,
George C. Mockel, a native of San Francisco, i
aged 1 month and 22 days.
NALL— In this city, September 14, 1901, Cath- !
rine, beloved wife of i Samuel Nail, and
mother of Miss Cora K«nnedy, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 53 years. '
NOLAN— In Oakland,' September 14, 1901. Law-
rence Nolan, beloved brother of Geonse No-
lan and Mrs. Mary Donnelly, a native of
County Kildare, Ireland.
KJ'Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNOR— In this city, September 13, 1901,
at her residence, 1229 Taylor street, Cather-
. ine. deariy beloved wife of the late P. O'Con-
nor, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
George C. Gorham Jr., Mrs. Fred D. Linsley
and Evelyne O.. M. O'Connor, a native of
New York.
E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence, 1229 Tay-
lor street, thence to St. Mary's Church, Cali-
fornia and Dupont streets, for services . at
10:30 o'clock. Interment private. . . •
PAULSON— In tfcis city, September 13,» 1901,
Dr. Bernard Paulson, a native of Mecklen-
burg, Schleswig, Germany, aged 62 years 3
months and 27 days.
tC^Remains at the parlors of Charles J.
B. Mctzler. 636 Washington street.
PIERSON— In this city, September 13,
Paul, beloved husband of Alma S. Pierson,
and father of Walter Pierson. -a native -of
Sweden, aged 22 years 5 months and 7 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, .from the parlors of !
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission strest, be- ¦¦
tween Seventh and Eighth. ' Interment Mount !
Olivet Cemetery.
POTTER— In this city, September 13, 1S01,
Harry Warren Potter, a native of Troy, N.
Y., aced 43 years. '
QUINN— In this city, September 14, 1901, George
M., beloved father of Spencer, Addle, George,
. Leslie, ' William and Elmer Quinn, anl
brother of Thomas and Charles Quinn, a na-
¦ tlve of San Francisco, • aged 47 years.
SCHLOEN— In this city,, September 13. 1901.
John D. Schloen, beloved son of Katherine
Schloen, and brother of Katy Schloen, Mrs.
Christina Injiold and Herman Schloen of
Brooklyn, N. Y., a native of Ottersberg, Ger-
many, aeerl 33 years 4 -months and 21 days.
A member of Yerba Buena Lodsre No. 15, '
I. O. O. F., and Golden Gate Encampment |
No. 1. I. O. O. F.
iC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend , the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner -Market and Seventh streets,
where the services will be held, under the
auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F., and thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery
for cremation.
SCHUSTER— In this city, September 14, ' 1901.*
Frederick Schuster, relict of the late Marie
¦ Schuster, and father of Fred P. Schuster and
Mrs. E. P. Corbett, a native of. Alsace, Ger-
many, ased 7S years 7 months and 3 days.
E""""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 17, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his SDn. 120 Julian avenue, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth streets, and thence by
electric funeral. car leaving corner of Mission
and Fourteenth streets at 2:40 o'clock to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for interment. Thera
will be a special passenger car provided for
the accommodation of friends.
SHINN— In Berkeley. September 13, - 1901, Jo-
seph Henly Shinn, husband of Evallne Shinn,
and father of Eva M. Stone and George Ha-
zen Shinn, a native of Illinois, aged 69 years
. 7 months and 7 days. . • , ,. ¦
SMITH— In. this city, September 13, lflOl! Alex-
ander W. Smith, a native of Scotland, aged
37 years 8 months and 26 days.
: E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, 131 Eddy street. Members of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5,- F. O. E., are re-
quested to attend. Interment- Laurel Hill
.Cemetery.
TEMPLE— In this city, September 13, 1901,
Rufus, beloved husband of -Julia S. Temple,-
and father of James H.'and George S. Tem-
ple, a native of. Maine, aged 64 years 8
months and 28 days. '
WIERSBITZKY-In thls'dty. September 13.
1901. Henry Claude, beloved husband of
Emma Wiersbitzky. father of Florence
Wiersbitzky, and brother of Mrs. O. Harder
a native of Koenigsberg, Germany, aged 53
years 5 months and 24 days. A member of
Gesamr Verein "Alpenroesli."
D^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Suncay), at. 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H..F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. -
WILLIAMS-^In this city, September 14, 1901.
Henry, Williams, brother of Mrs. Barricklow
¦ of Sacramento, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. • . ' ¦ , ¦»
E-5-Remains at the parl6rs of J. C. 1 O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Funeraland
- Interment private.STOCK MARKET.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of River Potatoes are lighter, as
Sterling Exchange. CO days...... — $(84
Sterling EJtChange, sight.:.: — 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — . .4 81M
New. York Exchange, sight ' — ' ' 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — j X2M
Silver,, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. 47 Q ' 47^
Exchange and Bullion.
Baits on- the • Producers' Oil Exchange last
week amounted to 37,624 shares, valued at $15,
191, ¦ the : leading sales being as follows: Bear
Flag, ¦ 1200 ¦' shares ;• California Standard," . 2500;
Four, ' 1443; ' Independence, ; 7600; Junction, -¦ 7500;
Lion, 4500;'; Monarch, 3000;' Petroleum . Center,
3000; Reed, 1100; Peerless. 1$16. • :
All the local rtock exchanges remained closed
yesterday in respect to the. memory of Presi
dent McKinley; -Tho Stock and Bond Ex
change, with a taste not of ten. employed' in
dry financial -affairs, , Issued Its daily list with
mourning .borders, and the simple announce
ment, also v inclosed'- by a mourning border,
"This toard stands adjourned until Monday,
September 16, 1901, out of respect to the mem
ory of our late President, .William : McKinley *'
Tlie ¦ Bachelors Oil assessment of 3c fell de
linquent yesterday: . also the assessment of 3o
on the Nineteen Oil Company.
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1, $4 70@4 90;
extra, $5 10@S 50; Japanese, $4 75@5 30; Louisi
ana $4@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal. ¦ :
. ¦ OILS— California • Castor • Oil, ' ' in • cases,
No.'l, 70c; pure, $1 22; -Unseed Oil, In barrels,'
boiled, 6Dc; raw, 67c; cases, 6c more; Lucol,
COAL-— Wellington, J9 per ton; Southneld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, Jo 60; Wallsend. J9; -Co-operative Walls
end, $9- Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania .Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
18 45 per 2000 lbs and JS BO per ton, according
to hrand. ,
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7^0
7%c; local make. Uo less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 33® 25c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c;- Fruit
Bags, 5%@6%c for cotton and 7@7}4c for iute.
General Merchandise.
The Produce Exchange held no business ses
sion yesterday owing to the President's death,
hence quotations for grains, mill and teed
etuffs," etc, are omitted. :: 10
LOCAL MARKETS.
LONDON, Bept. 14.-Money, 101V4 per cent
Bar diver, steady, 27d per ounce.
London Money Market.
Previous priees rule. The supply of every
thing is fully equal to the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer!
ar« at follows:
BEEP— fl0CHo tor Steers and 6@6Ho per lb
for Cows. wars?
i VKAI/-I.arg», 7@8c; small, S<ff3o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V4@7c; Ewes, 6$6ViO per
pound.
LAMn-7(B8o per lb.
PORK— Live hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6(j?6Hc:
over 200 lbs. C%@5%c; feeders ; sows, 20 per
cent oft*; boars, 60 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hoss,-7%ffl»Kc. ¦• •• .
San Francisco Meat Market.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Secretary ef the
Trecsury to-day ptirchased $184,000 long-term
4 pf.r cent bonds at 140) $1100 threes at 108.671;
IGKCO xhort-term four* at 113.322.
Condition of the Treasury
LONDON, Btpt. H.-Th« arrivals tn dato for
tlm coming mHmi of wool auction tales num
h«.r ieU6S tiales, of which 24,(00 wtrt for*
warded direct. ¦-. .
London Wool Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— .. Bept. Dec
Opening 8 8 G 7>,i
Closing 6 6 6 7V4
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. J«n,-Apr.
Opening 21 10 22 35
Closing 21 15 22 63
Flour—
Opening 27 SO 21 4Y
Closing 27 35 28 CO
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK. F>pt. 14 -Following the prece
dmt set at the tlm<» of the deaths of Presi
dents Lincoln find Garfield tha rU&ck Exchange
adjourned immediately upnn assf-mbllng to-day
cut tit rttisKt to the memory of President Mc-
Kinlfy. As a consequence the money mftrk«t
rr.d the rxchsngfi were both merely nominal
end threw no light upon the question of how
the J^"-»:<1'-m'k death would itfFect tho markets.
Th« only incident worthy of Attention was th«
•w ckJy bank «utrment. The. decrcas« In each
i<»t.«rves of |2,ti70,l00 was rather larger than
rxpectrd, even wlih the payments yet for <".r,v
< rnui'M bond redemption not Included. Dut
OQ the other hand th« utock mirkrt Ihuldi
tlon durtnv (ho week hs« contracted loans of
tooMt Sj: ) >« f M< ", thus mst^rislly reducing; the
)<-«fcl rewrvf rrqulrrnent, to the bencllt of the
t>urplu». whlrh Is only lightly encroached upon,
MarKr-t rurcrt hfld txrn achieved In th« timk
ret lor nrcnnlzivl capital of recuperating thfl
utock markrt from the hoavy utroke of last Sat
urday, when it had to face th<» blow of the
ntt^mptni nn«.»iM"injitlon of President McKln
ley. bcemlnitly no account was taken of the
¦quick Improvement r.nd supposed approach to
recovery of th*> distinguished patient, for yen
terdsy whpn the warning news was received
of his relapse to near death's door the stock
market slumped and within flftf*n minutes of
trading after the opening the laborious results
Brhipved by a week's careful nur*lng of stocks
wero wiped out.' Prices yesterday evening
' ->ere generally lower than on last Saturday.
During the week they had been at one time
>retty fully restored to the level prevailing be
fore the attack upon the President. The first
measures concertrd for the protection of tha
market were by the Clearing-house committee.
Acting k.* the representatives of all the Clear
ing-house Vanks ar.d of the foremost financiers
aad capitalists of the country they were able
to secure the co-operation of all those great
forces as one for guarding the money market
flga.inst undue stringency. Abundant credits
were lortncomlng on Monday for all solvent
borrowers to meet their actual needs. Skill
ful operators in stocks were on the floor of the
exchange to protect values there by keeping
up bids for stocks, taking offering* at moderate
declines and so preventing the reckless sacri
fice of holdings and the wiping out of collateral
margins for loans. These objects were not
achieved without a lavish outlay of resources,
as the liquidation was heavy and urgent and
persistent, but Kuecess was manifest before
trading had proceeded long on Monday. But
the financial wledom which presided over the
•jnovement eaw with a Jealous eye the heavy
Jnm»d? mnklns; on monev resources by the
withdrawals from circulation of the Eurplus
revenue* of tbt» Government 2t a time when
New York Stock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9>/4c; light, 9c; Cow
Iirdes, 9c. for heavy and 9o for light; Stagb
6%c;. Salted Kip, 9}*e; Baited Veal, 100; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16©16Vic; Culls, 14o; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culli and Brands, 16c;
Bht-epgktn*. shearlings, 15@30o each; short
Wool, 20©50c each; medium, C0®75c; long
Wool, J>O'_-i>./tl each; Horstt Hides, salt $2 COM
2 75 for large and $2r»2 35 for medium, $1 604i
1 75 tor small and DOc for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 75 for large, 11 2601 to for medium, Jl Jj
for small and Ida for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins. 85c; fall or medium skins,
3i>c; winter or thin skins, ZOc. Ooatsklns—
Prlmt Anxoras, 7tc; largt and smooth, 6O0;
medium, i'm,
TAMX)W-No. 1 rendered, <' / 4'3< l Jio per lb;
No. 2, !"//</ 4.1; (crease 2^®3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1UC0 or 1901— Southern, de>
fertlve, 7 months, 7®Sc; Oregon Vnll«jr fine,
1401Sc; do, medium and courne, 11@13oj Or**
gon, Eait«rn. choice, Wn\>,\ do, fair to rood,
W\\c; Nevada, 10012c. Fall-Ban .loaquln. Vh
0SHo: Ban Joaquln IximbN', 7ii®0o.
HOPS— New, 12@16o per lb. . .-¦-.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
EASTERN MARKETS.
65V£c; dub, B4Hc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Bept. 14.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 54ff54ttc; valley, E5@56c; blue stem,
Northern Wheat Market.
, WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 14.— WHEAT— Blue stem.
Receipts of Produce.
Foil BATUnDAY. BBPTEMDUm 14.
Flour, qr §ks..... 16,463 Hrnn. sks 2.372
Whrat, ctls.. 2,706 Middlings, sks... I486
Barley, ctla JS,3:.O liny, tons &u
Oam, ctls 2,810 Wool, Bk8 201
I'.c'ins, nk*. ....... 8,335 Win«, gals 18,550
Rye, ctls 860 Leather, rolls*... 107
Sugar, etls.. ...... 4,505 Quicksilver, flsks 69
Tallow, ctle 212 Pelts, bdls.. 166
Potatoes, sltB S,f.i>6 Hides, No 849
Onions, Bks 1,242 .A-.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 14.— Clearings, $290,
092; balances, $34,111.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12V4c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14'Z-c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; Callforniu
Hams. 13',4o; Mess Beef, Sll per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, '$12 50; prime Mess Pork,
U5; extra dear. ?23; Mess, $19; SmoKed Beef,
14c per pound. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8o per lb for
compound and'll%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lbtlns. .12isc.
COTTOLENK— One half-barrel, 9%o; three
half -barrels. 9V4c; one tierce, 9ftc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Quotations remain unchanged, with a firm
market.
Provisions.
The temperature has risen, except along the
¦ "Immediate California coast, where there has
been a slight fall. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperature approximates about 95
"degrees.
* Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in the Interior and prob
ably cooler along the coast Sunday afternoon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 15. 1901:
" Northern California— Fair Sunday; continued
warm; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
. wind.
Nevada — Fair, wanner Sunds.y; light north
. ¦forest wind.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
continued warm '¦ during the day, probably
cooler In the afternoon; fresh west wind.
O. U. WILL6ON. .
Local Forecast Official, temporarily In charge.
An area of high pressure Is central off the
Washington coaFt, while an area of low over
live Southern California and Southern Arizona.
The pressure changes have been flight in all
districts. ...
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
ST. JOSEPH. Sept. It.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500. Market steady; natives, $2 75@6 15; Texas
and Western steers. 12 604jo 75; cows and heif
ers. $1 2S@4 SO; bulle and stags. $2S4 50; stock
ers and feeders, $1 75<S3 85: veals, $2 SO^S 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 3200. Market steady to 10c
higher; light and light mixed, $6 37&@6 60;
medium and heavy, $6 E2 1 / 4'S6 70; pigs, $3 E0@
6 10; bulk, ?6 50S6 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
BOO. Including 400 Texans. Westerns, steady at
recent decline on all kinds. Good to prime
steers, nominal, tC@6 70; poor to medium, $4@
5 90; stockere and feeders, $2 50@4 25; cows,
$2 B0@4 60; heifers, $2@5; canners", $1 SOtW SO;
liulls, ?2fi4 76; calves, $3f7fi 2.".: Texas steers,
S3®4 SO; Western steers, $3 75®5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 11,000; Monday, 28,
000; left over, 2150. Steady to strong, closing
weak. Mixed and butchers', $C 20@6 75; good
•to choice heavy, $6 60i@6 97%; routrh heavy, $6@
6 40; light. $6 35(36 70: bulk of sales, $6 40@6 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3«t0; shpep, steady. Good
to choice wethers, $3 Sfr*I4 25; fair to choice
mixed, $3 50<[?3 85; Western sheep. $3 25!?4; na
tive Iambs, J3&5 10; Western lambs, $4©5.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Conditions remain unchanged. The feeling
in fruits remains firm and the demand is good.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7» / iij}9%c for Royals and
BSlZ'^c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7'.4@8%c; sun dried, 4@4>£c-
Peaches, 65?Sc; Pears, 6(fi;9c; Plums, pitted, '4®
5V4c; unpltted. l&'2c; Nectarines. 6ig:6^c for
red and 6(SS6V4c for white; Figs. 3V4c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of zy*c for the four sizes.
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3«{ig3^c
for the four sizes.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No.\ 1 softshell. 12@12i£c-
Nq. 2, 8@SV4c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10&c; No.' 2,
6V4S7^c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell 10®
lie for goftshell and &4j6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, . 12@12V4--
Filberts, 12@12Hc; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.'
$3 t0®3. ,
HONEY— Comb. 12©12V2C for bright and 100
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 6y.
@6c; light amber extracted. 4V4@5c; dark. 4£3
4%c. • - ¦ ' "
BEESWAX— 25@ 28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The exports of specie
from this port to all countries this week ag
gregate $1,132,914 silver and $1,430,000 gold.* The
imports were |62,407 silver and $80,835 gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
this week are valued at $8,560,984.
Exports of Specie.*
S M^-Ta o^ .^
STATIONS. 3 | = | 3 <~ So |
£ :3:I-|3 p »
.... . . jj
Baker S0.C2 S8 68 N Clear 0
Astoria 30.22 44 €2 NW Clear 0
Carson 2S.E8 4J 82 SW Clear 0
Eureka 30.C0 48 58 NW CJear 0
Fresno 2S.76 62 88 W Clear 0
FlagstaiT SO. 00 3S 78 W Clear 0
Pocattllo, Idaho 40
Independence 29.74 60 90 SE Clear 0
fcos Angeles 2?.E4 66 78 W Clear 0
Phoenix 2U.72 72 102 SW Clear 0
Portland 30.12 44 66 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff 29.78 68 *8 EE Clear 0
Iloseburg ...30.06 44 74 NW Clear 0
fiacramento 23.78 64 86 W Clear 0
Bait Lake 29.92 48 74 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29. S4 68 78 W Clear 0
Baa Luis Obispo.. .29. SS It 78 S Clear 0
Ban Diego 29.SS €2 74 NW Clear 0
Seattle 39.20 E2 €4 N Cloudy . 0
EpGkane*..; SO.CO 48 C8 W Clear 0
Neah Bay 30.20 60 68 W Clear 0
Walla Walla 30.C2 48 72 W Clear 0
Wlnnemucca 29.E8 40 80 J?W Clear 0
Yutna 23.70 €8 1C2 W Clear 0
THE COAST RECORD.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAJf FRAXCISCO. Sept. 14—5 p. m.
Tie following maximum temperatures were
reported from Etatloas In California to-day:
Eureka, 6S; Mount 87; Independ
ence. SO; Red Bluff, 98; Fresno, 98* Los An
geles, It; Sacramento, ?£; San Luis Obispo, 78;
San Diego, 70. . r
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
76; minimum. £6; mean. G6.
Weather Report.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranjres. 5Oc@*3; Lemons,
SM.il 25 for common and J2 500:3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1(?2 50; Mexican Limes,
$3©3 50; Bananas, $1 25©2 25 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $1 50©3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about B0
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted V as follows: Fontainebleau
and Sweetwater. SSQ'EOc.per box and crate;
Tokay, 60IS75C per box; Muscat. 50® 75c ; Seed- 1
less, $1; Clack, 40@50c; Isabella, B0c@$l; White
Cornichon, $1; Wine Grapes, $27@30 per ton for
Zinfandel and $18©22 for white.
MELONS— Nutmegs, S5@85c per box; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $5@23
per 100. _
PEACHES— 35@C3c per box and $15@20 per
ton for Frees and J20@35 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, G0©73c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 50(S>75c per box. . .
NECTARINES— Red. 40ff75c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 65<375c per box for small
and Jl 50 for large boxes.
PEARS-Bartletts, $1 25@1 60 per box for No.
1, 75c@$l for No. 2; other Pears, 35@-C3c per box.
QUINCES— 3S@50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES- $6®7 per chest for Long
worths and $4@ 1 5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— J3@o per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest. ,
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Black, 25@73c for double layer boxes;
White. 40fti0c.
APPLES— 7oc@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 3o(g65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60@75c per box, according to
package.
PLUMS — 40S60c per box: Prunes, 40@60c per
crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
, The market was thrown out of gear yester
day by a general lateness of trains and boats,
almost everything arriving away behind time.
Quotations showed little change' and the mar
ket, in default of. the regular supplies,. was in
active and spiritless.
Deciduous and Citrus: Fruits
Therefore, considering the above facts, there
would seem to be fairly large amounts of cosh
already in the banks not shown by the state
ment and made the sums which may be rea
sonably expected early in the week. If money
rates could be kept firm without deranging
speculation there would seem to be a reason
able assurance of imports of gold from. Europe,
sight exchange now being quite close to the
gold-importing point. It Is probable, however,
that the relief which the money market has
already received and that in immediate pros
pect will . tend to . restore normal rates for
money, thus causing the postponement of gold
imports from Europe.
The bank statement of last week was made
on rising averages for cash, because of the
large payments for bonds by the Treasury,
which were only partially reflected In the re
turn. The diversion into the banks of internal
revenue collections under Tuesday's orde»- of
the Secretary of the Treasury did not become
fully effective last week, because upon Its pro
mulgation there was considerable sums in
transit to the New York subtreasury from
Western points. From this diversion of Inter
nal revenue' collections therefore,' there prob
ably were moderately large amounts of money
added to the cash of the banks. on Saturday
and further contributions will be made in the
current week. The decision of Secretary Gage
to continue to purchase 8, 4 and 6 per cent
Government bonds may cause large offerings
of such bonds this week and upon the
acceptance of these offerings of . such bonds
payments. will be promptly made.
The Financier says
: Loans, 1S72. 266,100; decreased, *12. 879,700. De
posits, $921, 433,000; decreased, 116,259,100. Circu
lation., ISO. 726. 100;- increased.: $127,700. I/'gal
tenders',"" $72, 013, 100;. decreased, ; $1.690.700. Specie,
J167,875.7M; decreased, $2,179,400. Total reserve.
*239,9eS.S00; ¦¦ decreased, , JS,S70,lC0. Reser\'e re
quired, $232, 85S.250; decreased. . 54.064,775. Sur
plus, $7,110,550; increased. , $1S4. 675..' •¦ '.
NEW YORK, Bept. 14.— The; statement of the
Associated Banks for -the week- ending to-day
shows: : ¦' '" ¦ . ¦ . . • ... { ¦.
Weekly Bank Statement.
The market stood about the same all around.
Butter continued dull, Cheesa was steady and
Egga were firm for fine ranch and dull for
everything" else. , •
Receipts^ were 20,500 -pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 454 cases of Eggs, 460
cases of Eastern Eggs, 10,900 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 3000 pounds of Eastern Cheese.
. BUTTER— Creamery,. 24@25c per-lb for fancy
and 23c for seconds; dairy, 18@22^c; store But
ter, I5@17>,4c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20C: Keg.. 1S019C per lb.
CHEESE— New. ll@12c; old. 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, S0@34c for choice to fancy,
and 26@23c for fair .to good; store, 22@25c per
dozen; cold storage. 22@22VAc; Eastern, 17@22&c
Butter/ Cheese and Eggs.
- "Spot stocks of filberts were Increased by the
arrival cf 1700 bags and the market both here
and abroad was easier at the close."
"Ctirrants declined further. Amelias offering
on the spot at the closs at fVfec, while goods
to arrive by first cargo were offered to the
trade as low as 6c New figs, to arrive tha
latter part of this week, met with some sale at
HQlsc California figs were offered freely- In
boxes 10 1-lb cartons to the box. at from 50@
T5e, f. o. b. coast. The trade, however, ap
pears to. be little interested. Possibly a few
v-iiT-z'i-.a i><«H may have been" sold In this
market. Evaporated apples declined sharply
during the week and were weak at the close.
"Prunes 'were very dull on spot all the week
¦-nd- futures were quiet. Borne business, how
«(Ver, was reported In 40-50s, 60-60s and 60-"0s,'
Eanta Claras late: at a 3%c basis. There were
rumors also of a $Hc prica for Santa Clara
fruit. Peaches were quiet and generally neg
lected, -choice Mulrs offering -jit 6V&C, f. o. h.'
Cosst. In baje-s. . • . • ... '«, - • : .'•
¦ Mall adtlres from New York say: "The de
moralization of the raisin market, produced by
President Kearney's policy, and the
ejump in evaporated apples were the features
laet week. It' wfll be practically Impossible
now. to eeil future California raisins until the
troubles on the coast are settled one .way or
the other, and meantime the spot markef Is
very weak, the" lightness Of stocks of loose
raisins here being the only saving clause.
Loose 3-crown were, offered at the end of tho
week at 6~:c, and It* is believed this price could
be ch&ded. New Sultanas, for prompt ship
ment from Smyrna, were-.a'lHtle easier Satur
day. ! Sale of around 16t was reported on the
basis of about 9"4C. laid down here, for 1
crown. .V^ ¦ •
Dried Fruit in A r rtt> York.
Bank Clearings.
The local bank clearings during the past
week were $23,160,6:$. against S1T.637.E20 during
the same week last year.
/ On« car of . Eastern camo in, making five
for the'w*»k; and as three more are expected
to-morrow it will be seen, that the market la
well supplied-, with Eastern stock. Receipts of
local fowl were insignificant, as usual on Sat
urdiy;.;. : '. . ;.'
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@14c for Hens ; Young . Turkeys 18S20c •
Geese, per pair, $150@175; Goslings. $1500175;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 50@5 &0 for young;
Hens. $3 50@4 for common and $4 50@5 for
choice; young Roosters. $4 50@5; old Roos
ters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers. 1 $3@3 50 for
large and $2 50@3 for small ; Pigeons, $1 23@1 50
per dozen for old and $1 60(j?l 75 for Squabs
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare 75c@
$1: Rabbits, $1@125 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush; English Snipe, $3 60;. Jack Snipe J2 per
dozen. - - .
Poultry and Game.
Tcsterday was almost a close day. ax far as
business was concerned. The death of Presi
dent McICinley caused an Immediate dosing of
f*tianges all over the USited States, hence
the usual stock and provision quotations from
the East and West are lacking this morning.
la Ban Francisco there was no business worth
talking: about, as not only the exchanges, but
many of the downtown Insurance and other
oiaces remain closed in respect to the illus
trious dead.
Yesterday a Close Day.
United States Es advanced H, the 2s % and
"the new 4s 1 per cent, while the' 3s declined
% per cent on call during the week. '
the need was bo urgent. The appeal which was
formulated to the Secretary of tha Treasury
met with a quick response by invitation for
tenders of bonds for redemption to the amount
of $20,000,000 and the diversion of J50,000,000 r of
internal revenue collections -Into national de
positories. This relieved somewhat tha drain
which the sub-treasury was making day after
day upon the New' York money market. The
bond tenders were disappointing In amount, but
the payment for the $7,000,000 accepted, which
was made In cash on Friday, was an effective
aid to checking the demoralization caused by
the bad news from Buffalo. During the middle
of the week there was eo much success. shown
In the effort to protect and recuperate the
market that some disposition developed to set
on foot an active speculation for a rise. Heavy
realizing was accomplished under Influence of
this movement by those who had bought Heav
ily to sustain the market on Monday and early
this week. This" not only relieved the situa
tion by strengthening the sources of this ele
ment, but also checked the injudicious specu
lation lor a rise. The acute effect produced
upon stocks and the heavy selling of stocks
yesterday was ample warning that the money
market resources must be still carefully con
served if the stock market Is to be protected
from a calamity In the growing demands for
money i In the channels of trade and In the
strain caused to all business and credits by
the^ntsfortune to the head of the Government.
Liquidation of railroad bonds haa been much
lighter than of stocks and at less coat of
values. . ¦ ¦ ; - > y -.
Cubes, Cruuhed nn-f Kino Cruihod, B,Wn;
Powdered, 4.Moj Candy Granulated, 4,85c; »ry
Granulated, 4.8Ke; Confectioners' A, 4,85a; Fruit
Granulated, 4,ftSn; lleet Granulated, 4.78a; Mns>
iifilla A, 4.46c; Kxfru C, 4.36a; Golden G, 4.2S«:
bnrrels, 10c more; half-borreli, JBo more; boxes,
too more; CO-Ib Ihikn. IOo mnro> No order*, taken
for !"M than 7E barrel* or Its equivalent. Doml*
Inai, half-barrels, E.SSo; boxes, fi.coo per 1b.
. COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c; Aitral, 19o; Btar,
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24a; Kocena 21c;
doodorlzed atove Kasollne, in bulk, 16a: in caies,
21c; liinzhiH, in bulk, 14a; in ca«e*. 20a; 6tf.de
greo (iiiviiline, in bulk, 20c; In caaea, 2(o,
TUHl'ENTINB-BSo per gallon in caie*. and
S2e tn drums or iron barrels.
PUOAR- Tho Western Busar rtertnln* Com
pany quotes, per .|b, In ioo.|b bans;
The main office 1r to be at Evanston. The
company owns 51,200 acres of land in South
western 'Wyoming. There are 10,000,000 share3
of the par value of $1 each, and besides Sena
tor Kearns the incorporators and directors are
Senator Clarence D. Clark of Wyoming, S. B.
Klkins Jr., a son of Senator Stephen B. Elkins
of West Virginia ; Perry Heath, R. C. Kerens
and R. C. Kerens Jr. of St. Louis, P." J. Queal
ey^of Kemmerer, Wyo. ; Frank J. TVestcott of
Bait Lake and E. L. Doheney of Lob Angeles.
The Wyoming land was located by Senator
Clark in the fossil countrylsouth of Kem
merer about fifteen" years ago. At various
times, he has tried to interest capitalists In
his proposition, but without success. • Somo
months ago Senator Clark went to Salt Lake
and Induced Senator, Kearns and Perry Heath
to go up to Wyoming and look over the fields.
They consented to go in with Senator Clark to
exploit his possessions.
G9o for boiled. and 57 o for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases,
85c; China Nut, 65@72o per gallon; pure Neats
foot Oil, barrels, 67V4c; cases, 72V4c; Sperm,
pure, 65o; Whalo Oil. natural white, <0i@4Io
per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels, 37»/fce; cases,
42V&C.
The Los Angeles Herald gives an ac
count of a company with a capitalization
of $10,000,000 that h^s been formed to
search of oil in Wyoming:
-The biggest blowout that has ever taken
place in the Kern River field, according
to the Bakersneld Echo, must be credited
to the Illinois Crude Oil Company, operat
ing in section 32, 2S, 28. Upon piercing the
sand at 850 feet oil; sand and water flew
into the air over the derrick, the flow
continuing for an hour. The force of the
"blowout" was so great that the sand
cut off some of the walking beam.
The shipment of American fuel oil to
Europe begins this month. The oil goes
from the Beaumont field to England,
where a large trade in this fuel may be
developed. The first shipment will be 50.
000 barrels, which will sail on a tank
steamer.
Shipping Oil to Europe.
The Los Angeles Herald does not be
lieve that a war between the large and
small oil companies in the Kern County
fields over the plan of consolidation pro
posed by W. S. Porter will follow the an
nouncement of the work of the commit
tee of appraisers who are trying to reach
-a fair basis of valuation for the proper
ties, of the several -oil companies In the
Kern and McKlttrick districts. "The in
terests in. the Kern -River field aro so
great." says the Herald, "and are so in
terwoven that thero is little reason to
fear a war. While the- reasons for op
position are not fully stated, 'It appears
that leasing' 'companies aro afraid
that after their leases are taken Into con
sideration there will be a smaller allot
ment of value for the stockholders than
they have in their independent com
panies."
The National Oil Reporter figures out
that the outlook for American petroleum
is very gratifying. "We have heard much
of the Russian, Sumatran and other men
acing regions of oil, but it is a significant
fact that the demand for Pennsylvania
oil still continues. . In July of this year
the shipments of Pennsylvania oil
amounted to 106,000 -barrels a day as
against 88,000 for July a year ago, and
7t>,000 for tho same month' two years ago.
Lima shipments amounted to 4500 barrels
a. day for the last month and 31,000 bar
rels during July. 1900. From California
come reports of stiffening prices and a
more systematic effort on the part of pro
ducers to force better conditions both in
marketing- and transportation. Taking
everything into consideration and except
ing seme handicaps that must be endured
the present status, of the petroleum in
dustry of the United States may .be said
to be very gratifying to all those In the
trade and Its allied interests."
Outlook Is Gratifying.
During the month of August, says the
Bakersneld Calif ornian, the Santa Fe
Railroad Company purchased 315 carloads
of oil in the Kern County fields. While
this was not. as heavy a purchase as for
the month preceding 1 , it amounted to one
fifth of the entire shipments from the
field for the month, the total being 1300
carloads.
The Humboldt Times gives the report
concerning the discovery of oil in Hum
boldt County. The. depth reached was
1500 feet in the Hoagland well. The Times
says that tho oil found in the Hoagland
well may be from a seepage. The quan
tity of oil actually found is unknown.
Professor Watt is in . the vicinity and is
making examinations of the lands along
Bear River. . . : ,
Concerning the ' reported strike near
Oroyille, the Chico Enterprise gives' some
facts. The well is > near Peter Marks'
place. The drill --has passed through' 125
feet of sandstone and has reach.— a
depth of 600 feet. M. M. Ogden visited the
well and ordered that the material should
be taken from the bottom of it. Ogden
told the owners of the well that he was
satisfied that when the well is a tittle
deeper a very large quantity of oil will
be found. . .- - ¦
According to one dispatch a well on the
Carrega ranch spouted, throwing oil
thirty feet in the alr.\ The Santa Barbara
papers accept the statements . that are
made in this " connection and the Santa
Barbara Independent says that, while a
Beaumont gusher has not been found in
the Santa Maria district at Carrega, tha
well is a good one and runs forty barrels
per day, with an excellent chance of
doing better as soon as it has been
cleaned out.
From three localities in the State news
has come during . the past week of the
striking of oil. In the ; Upper ¦ Mattole
country in 'Humboldt County, near Oro
ville,. Butte : . County, ' and at Carrega;
Santa Barbara County, the drillers ' have
sent out cheerful reports concerning their
work and results. The full significance
of the discoveries will not appear until
later.
A Chicago Bynflicate, according to th«
Orovlllo Register, Is about to operate
mines in Plumas County, about Bawplt
Flat, Richmond Hill and Buckeye as a
hydraulics proposition, A 2000-fot tunnel
will be run and a xhaft will be sunk in
Cement ravine. Tho Red SUdo quarts
mine near Pilot Peak Is runnlnsr with fif
teen men. Fifty men are enured at tho
Thlstlo nhaft In development work, and a
new crimp Is being established at Slate
Creek. Tho long • tunnel under Bald
Mountain taps an extensive gravel do
poslt and now Is in 7000 feet. .
Tho Bheeba mine In Hlaklyou County
will noon resume work after two. years
The Scott Vallfly Advance «ny§. that th©
Clnnnlmr Qulckxllvftr Company hag pur
chngfd n gold property on Scott Mountain
from Jack Connnt. The Orctfon ami Cali
fornia mine on the Klamath Klver, four
mile* bfilow Klnmnthon, has been sold to
C. W. Tyrrer of Shasta 'County and oth
ers for $10,000, -
Tho Rcddinjr.Free Press says 'that the
Hale of th« Balaklala copper mine nonr
Copley to a syndicate of Denver, Salt
Lake and Boston ¦ parties, Involving tha
lnrgest deal In copper property in Shasta
County up to date, will add a new
smelter to the district, unless a deal can
be made with the Trinity Copper Com
pany for smelting, which lg not probable.
The Sonora Union-Democrat reports
that a' San Francisco party haa taken a
bond on the Keltz mine on the Stanislaus
River, /«nd workmen are clearing: out the
old tunnels. Four claims— the Rising Sun,
the Fair. View, the; Last Chanco and the
Pearl— In 'the basin country in Tuolumne
County— have been conveyed to the Blue
Slate. Mining and Milling Company » by
Magnus Tait and others, the consideration
being $80,000. "The" Bourbon mine on.
Knights Creek has been bonded to New
York investors. .The rumored- price is
$40,000. The Pennsylvania shaft of the old
Soulsby mine is being unwatered. . ¦
Hupp brothers have been placed,', in
charge of v the Hupp & McMurray group
of goldmines, that were recently acquired
by the ! Sweepstakes '¦ Gold- Mining Com
pany. : Thirty men arewworking night and
day on the property, the- force ¦ having 1
been. doubled. An electric light plant .will
be put •' in •- and ¦; also a . water . power ; cable
system. -.¦¦¦'¦¦• . ¦ ¦.¦¦ ¦'¦¦ - . •¦ -\ • .-¦ *
The Downievllle Messenger reports that
the Four Hllla mine has been leased? to
John'A. Reid, I* C. Harden and others.
Properties in Plumas.
The Ashland Tidings reports that the
price paid for the Golden Standard mine,
on Galls Creek, owned by Jacksonville
parties, was $40,000. This is a quartz prop
osition that has been worked for several
Mineral Wealth estimates that the In
stallment of electrical power In Shasta
County will save 60 per cent to miners
and smelter men for power, and still give
the electrical power companies a good
profit. The Mountain Copper Company,
according to Mineral Wealth, employs
about 200 horsepower, and the saving by
the use of rtectricity will amount' to from
JSOOO to $10,000 per month. Low grade ores
that could not be worked heretofore at a
profit will be in demand. Facilities for
creating electrical power in the adjoining
counties of Trinity and Slskiyou are about
unlimited, and these counties will find
electricity a factor in the economy, of pro
duction in the future. . ¦ •
The Sheba quartz mine. In Scott Valley,
Sisklyou County, at Patterson Creek, has
been started up with a full force, accord,
ing to the Yreka Journal. .Troubles
among the directors are at an end and
development work Is progressing. .The
Boston . Company, that has the Black
Bear mine, In the. Salmon River section,
has made several . improvements in the
property. ¦ "¦ '
Roland Hughes reports to the San Luis
Obispo Tribune that the Klaus quicksilver
mine is working about fifty men and the
furnace is turning out quicksilver, night
and day. Houses wlll.be built at once for
the workmen, many of whom have- been
living in tents. - .
Operations at the Zantgraff mine, near
Auburn, Placer County, will be resumed
soon. The property, has been bonded to
Eastern people. The Auburn Republican
Bays that fourteen men are at work at
the Lee Butts claim, near Cisco.
Working Coast Mines.
There are Included in the collection of
consular reports other papers that have
technical rather than general interest.
The attention of miners will be attracted
to the feature that the Government, while
seeking to ascertain the. facts concerning
the crops of European countries that may
affect the marketing of the agricultural
output of the United States, is also pay
ing much more attention to the mineral
Industries than formerly.
In Norway the Manhes process is in use
generally. | Rich deposits have been* re
cently discovered in Nordland, Northern
Norway, -so writes Consul Bordewich.
Copper pyrites, largely mixed with iron
pyrites and magnetic, pyrites; are the
ores- oftenest appearing in Norway. A
large part of the pyrites is exported in a
crude state, the country having no sul
phur refineries. The Government has sent
experts abroad repeatedly to study the
different systems of treating ores.
In Austria, according to Consul General
Hurst, the treatment of copper ore is still
on rather antiquated lines and. the output
is small. r
Concerning the copper working at Corn
wall, England, . Consul Howard Fox re
ports that the copper at present produced
in Cornwall is almost entirely a side pro
duct of the mines worked for tin • and
arsenic, and, in some cases, wolfram. Siz
ing and concentration of copper ores is
not extensively carried on.
Consul Robert P. Skinner, writing from
Marseilles, asserts that the cost of hand
ling copper in France by the Manhes pro
cess is about $28 95 per ton. The Manhes
process is quite simple. Instead of sev
eral costly operations the treatment is
limited to a single casting to produce
matte," after which, the work of the 1 con
verter comes -lirectly. : - : : / .
Any American owner of low grade cop
per mines who wishes to obtain the judg
ment of the German experts concerning
the best. way to work them and also the
approximate cost of the plant, of the Ger
man type, of course, can do this without
expense by sending to Consul Mason ten
pound samples of the ores produced by
the mine, together with, full and precise
information on various essential points.
Cost of Milling Ore.
It is impossible to do more than to give
the more important facts contained in the
several papers, which are quite volumin
ous. Processes are described at length.
Germany, it is set forth, produces only
one-thirteenth of the electrolytic' copper
it requires and one-third of its general
supply for other. uses. The electrical con
sumption of copper In Germany is about
40,000 tons per annum. From ail that can
be learned Germany has little to teach
Americans concerning the electrolysis of
copper. The greater part of all native
ores > in, Germany are reduced / by the
smelting and roasting -processes, and
grinding plays a comparatively subordi
nate part. %^. " •
"When crushing and pulverizing machinery
\% used," writes Consul Frank H. Mason from
Berlin, "it Is one of three kinds — stamp mills
similar to those used in the United States;
roller mills, in which two large, heavy wheels
are hung at the ends of the horizontal axle,'
revolving at ' the center, by which the wheels
are. driven -round In a circular path through a
trough filled with ore; ball mills of the Krupp
pattern, in which heavy iron spheres are
driven round in a concave channel which fits
the contour of the spheres. Of these three the
ball mills are most in use, especially for- finely
pulverizing ores or matter for electrical treat
ment. Screening is: likewise of small import
ance in the Hartz Mountain copper district,
for the reason that in the German process of
reduction the size -of the pieces is relatively
unimportant." !
The September compilation by ths Gov
ernment of American consular reports af
fords a large .amount of ' Informa
tion interesting to the , producers of cop
per on .the Pacific Coast. Thie treatment
of copper - In ' nearly all European coun
tries, in Japan and Australasia, in Can
ada and Mexico, is described. The collec
tior of "facts was .brought about, bo the
preface to the articles sets forth, In re
sponse to a request made to the Govern
ment by a New York firm.
Shipping of Petroleum to Eu
rope Is About to
Mining Properties Finding
; Ready Purchasers " in
the East.
Provisions quiet and firm. ri
Meat market as previously quoted.
Dried Fruits in good demand and firm.
Fruit and Vegetable trains and boats arrived very late.
Plenty of Eastern Poultry on the market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted. ¦' \
Potatoes and Onions easy. - ' - :
General suspension of business yesterday.
All local exdumges and many offices closed.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
X)NIONS-90c6U 05 per ctl; Pickle Onions. 60
@75c per ctl.
_VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 1%@2}4c: String
Beans, 2vs@3c; Llmas, 3@*o; Cabbage, -^©Mr
per ctl: Tomatoes from .the river, 25@35c: from
Alameda, 80@50c; Dried ! Peppers, 10@12y-c;
Green Okra, 40@50o per, box; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack: Cucumbers, Bay, 25@30c; Pickles, lViOlfto
per 1b for small and %@lo for large; Garlic 2@
*?i-i? reen Peppers. 2E@60c per box for Chile and
20@3oc lor Bell; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box;
Green Corn. 25<<J65a per sack; Alameda, EOc@Jl
per crate: Berkeley, 60@65c; Summer Squash,
largo boxes, 20@35c; new Marrowfat Squash,
$20 per ton.. * •• - . •
growers have diminished their shipments since
Jinces declined, and the feeling is rather stead
ier in consequence, though prices remain un
changed. Onions also stand about the- same.
Train3 and boats were generally late, and A
good deal of the usual etuff did not get in
until too late for the market. This was es
pecially true of Tomatoes and Corn.
POTATOES-50c@$l 10 in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40@l 55;
Sweets, 60c®?i for Rivera and 80c@Jl 10 for
Merced.
Red Metal Abroad Gives
Government Theme
*. of Interest.
Good Strikes Are Cred
ited to Widely Sepa
; rated Fields. ;
CONSULS WRITE
ABOUT COPPER
NEW DISTRICTS
PRODUCING OIL
FINANCIAL AND COMERCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1901.
31
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points Bast and In the North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service — Quick Tlmo.
O. R.& N. CO.
B&OUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
'¦' ; Tto ass-* 1 "- rmrr—r— «r Hum s«. "
T^fjf: )..... WEEK DAY3 t%ZZ
gflOA. M.i . . . 12:15 r. u.
9D0*. M. I . 1:15 r.u.
10.-0OA.M.1 BTTNDAY1 ,*&*.*.
130 r.tt. I .... 530 p. m.
\ 2«> p. M.J ' .*i-- I 7JO ». w.
¦ - Far*, gaa TissiSImi •» ¦¦¦¦It ssal BMn, II .?•
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & SansalUo Perry,
Santa Fe Trains
t*av« Mftrk»t-str««t Firry D«pot. _
I LoeaiTLIm'dTOv frdFLocal '
>' >~V ¦ ,' Dally • DiUIy Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 5:-:o p 4:20 p
Ar. Btockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:11 p
" Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
; " Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:*5 a 10:50 p
" Hivnford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 1M a
" " "Visalla.... 3:40p ........ 4MSa
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:ilO a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:$0 a
- " Chicago...!... | 2:15 p 9:fio p ........
' a for morning, p .for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping' Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. I Chair Car runs
•to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
' first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored' on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:C: p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.;
4:20 p.'-m. Is Stockton and" Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m.
daily. . ,
I 8:00 p. m. 4s the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist- Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, ¦ which cuts out: at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at. 5:55 p -m
daily.,/ ,: t> -•• ¦:.¦¦ c .» •. , ¦ ¦"
j I 7:20. a. - m. rls : Bakersfleld Loc.il, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding. train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦. • Offices — 611 - Market • street - and In Ferry
.Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.- .- - - - • ¦
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
KSw* TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Haverford .Sept. Zl St. Paul Oct. 3
St Louis .'.Sept. 23 St. Louis Oct. 18
Philadelphia Oct. 2 Philadelphia Oct. 23
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland Sept. 2C-I *Vaderland Oct. 16
Frlesland Oct. 21 Kensington .....Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. 9) *Zeeland Oct. 30
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. 'D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st;
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of calling.
US. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 17, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU ;....".
Wednesday, October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
Saturday. November 18. 1901
Round-trip tickets at - reduced rates. For
freight and passage -apply at company's .office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AtfsAfltnf i> CT € iPA hav;a "' u * ok nevi
oceanicks.to. esrswl
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
..„• „ About Sept. 13
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Sept. :21, 2 p. m.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
1. D.SPSECKELS & BROS. CO., Gsnsra/ Agents. 327 Marttt It
Eea'i Passenger Offica, 643 Markst St., Pier la. 7. Pacific St
And Clfi SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centra]
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA Sept. 28IAREQUIPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL • ILIMARI.. Oct. 28
These steamers are built expresMy for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and . passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. G«n. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Menls Free.
S.S.Argyll, sails Monday, Oct. 14
6. S. Leclnnaw sails Thursday. Oct. 24
8. 6. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From ¦ Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F.. CONNOR, Paclflo Coa« t Agent.
PANAMA R. R, 5I S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA. PANAMA DIRECT.
C0M?AGNIB OSNEBALB TRAN3ATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Hailing every Thursday, Instead ot <f*SnJOs
f-'aturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ¦?<»4«JfeH
North River, foot of Morton street; •I/Aqul.
taine, September 19; La Bretagn<!, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savoie. Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATEB and CAN-
ADA 83 Broadway ¦ (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ,
BAY AND BIVEB STKAMEBS
Steamers OEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
9:45 a. m. ( 8:15 and R:30 p. m., except Sunday,
flunrtny, 9:45 a. in,, 8:30 p. rn. I^iave* Vsllejo
7 a. tn., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m,, criopt RumUy.
Hiiiidriy, 7 A, m.. 4:15 p. m, Furo (0 centi.
Tel«nhon« Main 1B08. Landing ami offlcs, pier
2, MUnion.pt. dock. HATCH 111108.
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION, September 17, 11 a. m., at IU0
FOLSOM ST.. I will sell a fine assortment of
horses, saddles, harness, buggies, wagons,
carts, surreys and robes. These goods will be
sold to the highest bidder. ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC?:
.Trains lent* nml sr« tin* to nrrlt* ml
NAN FttAN<:itt<:<>. v.-J
j (Main Une, Foot of Marttat Strtet.)
L«ATI — FROM JPI.T It. 1801. — AKKITB
7:OOa Benieia> Suisna, Elmlra sod 8aer>.
meuto CiS-iy
7:0Oa VftosTllle, Wlatfis, Ramsey 7i33p
1 ilUi M w'tlnez. Sau lituuu, V&UeJo. N»p»,
Cmllstoga »u«i 3»iit» Ron *)i*3f>
¦' I:«OA D»tU, Woodland. Kuigntt LanOlnz. '
MtrTJTlile. Oi0Tl!ie... 7i31r
•¦•Oi Atlantio Kxpress-Ocden aad Eask 1»:»3?
Sioo* Nile*. Lsthrop, Stocktoa , "i'-Mf
. ¦iO«AKUes. ilendot*, Uanfard. VisaUs,
Port«r»Ul«. 4>33>>
8«3O*. Elnuta Kzpreas— DkTls. Wlllisms (for Wj '
BsrtleU Sprinet), Willows, Bed
Blufl, PortUui TlSSr
• iSOa Bsii Jose, lJ»ormore t Htookton, ' . .
lone, Haeramsnto. PlaofrflU*.
M.rysTllIe, Cbloo. Ita.l Itluft 4i33*
BiSO* Oakdale, ChlneM (Toaamlta), 60-
not*. C»rt«ri 4i23y
»i«Oa n*y wtrd, Mln sod Wst Stations.. * • «»•¦» v
•««»AVsUeJo lai23/
UiVttALos Annies Express— lUrtl.iei
"f rmcf , LaUirop, 8toakt0n. ilrroej ' t
ITreanu and Los Aooales Ti»3»
0:30a Vall.-jn, siarllnes auit Way Stations Ji-Hf
; 10i«OATh«OTerUud Limited— Ofden, Dea-
rer, Omaha, Chlcsfn 0i.13f
fl:AApSaeraineni» Ulror Stamner* |3iO<»*.
8i8»r ll»TW»rd. NIU»» D (l*?«y Hkatlons.. Ti33»
4t««r Iteulete. Winters, Haeramanto,
WomUand. Knlchts latudlnc. - -
JI»ryi»lllo, Orotili* 10:33a
4tOOp Martinez, Hsu lUmou. Tkllejo,
N»pn. <.'albtoca. KhhU lloss HiSSa,
4:00p Nile., IjTerraore, Stockton. Lodl... 1»>»3f
4i3ur Hsywant. Nllei, ban June. I.l»«rmor» ?¦>•"»•¦>*
4i3(>r Fort Cos a, Tracy. 1-athrop, Stockton 1o«23a
3:»Uf l'h« Owl Mmlted— Kresms TuUre.
BakersQeld, Ssiijin for 3»uU Bat-
bus, Los Anfelos 8:33a
SiOOt Martin*!. Antioch, Stockton, iler-
ced. Fresco ia>99«>
; B««»p YoBomlta lXiSSy
Si3Or Hew Orleans Express— Mendota, . . -
Fresno, Bikerteeid, Los Angeles,
Dcmios. El Faao, New Orleans
and K»8t 7«."»3a
• <o*p Bayward. Nlln and Sau Jess....... fiSS*.
f«tO«r Val!»lu 1 1:33*
•¦Ovr Oriental M&H— OgJen, Cbeysnne.
Omsfas, Chicago... l*sS3s>
¦iOOt Oriental Mail— Ogden, DenTer,
8t. Louis. Chicago. ;...... €i%it
7 »• Or Oregon ami Calif ornia Kipr en. Hmo- -
TK»>«itu, M»rj.»llle. ltwMlng.
l'oitlHiKl. I'nget Mo.md anil Rask •>3'»*
•i«3rSaa Psblo, Purk Costs, Mirtlaei
and Way atalious 1 1>M*
t"»*3r Vallrjo 7l»a>
COAST IilNE (RatTM tla.i.).
. (foot otMmket Street.) '
' 17 «4S a 8*nU Craz Bxeursion to (UnU Cms
and Principal W»y Stations JSiO3f
St 13a Ke»axk.Ceiit.r?llle..Sao Job*. Frlton, ¦-.•»--
BouiderUnek.SantaCmsandWar •
stations »»8«»
' t*>l»r Newark. Ceiitervllle, 8»n Jose. New
Almsaeo, 7«lton, Doalder Creek, -
. ' 8aiiU Cuts mad Priooipal War '
Stations ¦ isjinsj*.
' 4itSp Newark. Han Jms. Ix>s Oatos t *«*«*
«4;l3p Ql«nwood.B<mlder Creek, Bapta Cms i»«3Qa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fn» Sil MiSCISOO— Tta\ of lArkit.Su-Mt (Slif l>—
t7:ls 8:00 ll:0O*.M. 1:03 1:03 8:lSr.S).
frtSiOlIUXJ— r«l •! ImJwij.— tr.:OO (8:0* t3;0»
10:00*.M. 13:00 8:03 «:C3r.M. ¦•¦ :
COAST LINE (Broa.l (2an C e).
~ . (ThlrJ tuid Townieiul Sis.)
SiISja Baa Jose and Wsj Htationa.... ...... OiUOa
t7:BOA Hau Jose and Vlur MUUons l>X»r
/7iowa New Aluiadan / *i1Of
}?iS»a Sundiy Ezeunion for Baa Jcie. •
R«ata> Cnr«. Ficiflo Grors and •
Principal War Stations JSi3»p
•¦••A Han Jom. Eolliiter. Hniita Cnn<
FaHlio »Jro»», (*»limi, flan Lnii
Obispo, Santa Bsrbtn sn<l Pila- -¦ -¦
dpai IntermadUte rttatluiis 5 T»3«»l>
IOiBOa San J.se aud Way Stations. 0:30*
I ItSOA Hau Jose hh.1 Way Stations SiSOr
. i'Zi4Zr S»n Mateo, Itmlwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose. ,
UolUster, Santa Cms. E»!Inas.
Monterey and Tactile firm* iI0il34
•iXOp Ban Joar. Tree Pinos. Banta Cms,
Fsoiilo Qrora and Way (Stations «<lo*
fltlSp San Joie ami Principal Way .Stations »i-I3a
?3i00r 8an Jose, Los Gatos tnd Principal
Way Stations T OtOO»
S:SS)p 8anJos* and Principal Way KUtlons BiSOa
• •OOP Bedwood, Ran Jos*. Gllroy. Salinas,
Sauta BirbSJa, Los Angeles...... 10:03a
•i30r 3»n Jose aud Way Htatlmn. ........ t»iO<»4
«lli4.tp San Joaeand Way Htatton 7»30»
A for Morning. I" /or Afternoon,
t Hnnday cxeeuted. t "-nnday only.
• Saturday only. • Monday.
« Saturday » n I Sunday. / Tnesdsjs ind Vrldajv.
CALIFORNIA NORTDVESTEHN RY. Ca
LiESSES -I/
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. JFoot of Mar** to.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
2:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:30,
5:00, fi:20 p. m.
Son Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3.40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. rn.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 8:25 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [April 2$, 19011 San Francisco.
'"Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma.. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:25 ta
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm,
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pml 8:00 am| and Uklah. ( 7:35 pm| »:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ".
8:30 pm 6:00 pm : <:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 11:15 ami 8:40 am
and .1 1
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 1:05 pmf (:20 pm.
Y:S0~ ami 8:00 am) ¦ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for SkaffS> Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kflseyvllle, Carls-,
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'a. Bucknell'a,
Sanhedrtn "Heights.- Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, usal. Wllltts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, 8cotla
and Eureka. <
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duecd rates.
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flee, KQ Market street. Chronicle
bulldlns.
H. C. WHITTXO. n. X. RTAN.
Pen. Manager. Pen. Psaa Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Comm«BclnsT April IS, imi.
FROM BAN jritANClXC'U TO MILL, VALLBt
AND) BAN ItAfABL.
WEEK DAVH-«:53. 1:30. *9:»). U a. m..
13:45. n:45, 1:13, 4:13, 8:13. •6:13. 6:43 p. m.
1SXTHA TUlfrt-Kor Mill ValUy K an.l Haa
nafatl on Mondays, Wednssdays, BaturOays
and Bundays at i:V> sml u:ii p. m,
BUNDAYB-7:W. 1:00. •«:<». •JO:00, 11:W, II M
a. m,. 13:43. •1:30. 2:30, •3:15. S:00, 1:00. 7:39
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafaet
Trains' marked (*) ran to Ban Qn«ntln.
FROM BAN HAfAKL TO BAN FKANCWCO.
WEEK DAYB-»3::3, i.Zt, 7:17, 1:23, «;»
•.¦m. t r«:» 1 liW. 3:20. •SiSS, 4:40, 1:30 p. m.
nxTHA TntrH on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Knturdays at *:*3 and 10:00 p. m.
BUN1MYH-«:IS. •f.W. »:4.V •11:00 a. m.. *ll
m.. 1:00. 2:13, *3:30, 4:30, f.iS, i.H, 7:30, io;u
p. tn.
Trains marked (*) *tnrt from San Qaenttn.
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «:43. 7:58. S:3S. 1U:W
a. m., 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. 3:60. 8:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTltA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3." p. m.
BUNDATS— «:35. 8:00. 10:05, U:10 a. tn.. 12:13,
1:20 1:30. J:4S. 8:00. S:1S, 7:13. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a, m. weelc days— Caxadero and way gu-
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
8-OC*. a, m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for. Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. :ra.. Sept
14. 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4.
• For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer . State of • California, Wednesdays. 3
a.'m:
'For Los An?reles, calling 'at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona, Saturdays. 9 a.m.; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Hex.)— 19 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the - right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours cC Bailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
; k .: .'. ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
»fc .."Wharf, Ban Francisco:
tSTjfcav, For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
HSJIgaSiL Sept. 13, 13, 23, 23, Oct. 3.
Kb*5KoK<2»l Chanpe- to company':! steani-
' K^ES^y5a ers at Seattle.
; &¥^v2« For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
kS^^HSSESa c ->> Port Townsend, Seattle.
I t^^s^^^M Tacoma, Everett and New
"W'hatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
" ** Sept. 13, 18, 23. 28. Oct. 3.
The CAXIi Premium Atlas
is the very best Atlas offered
newspaper readers. We invite
comparison with any other
Atlas - now * offered on tliis
coast." .
This fine Atlas is offered to
CAXL readers at the ex-
tremely low price of $1.50.
All new six months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium rate of $1.50.
CALL ATLAS IS
BEST OFFERED
• ON THE COAST
OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE SHORT X.INE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Bs.ker City.
Lewlston. Coeur d'Alene and Bois* City
Gold Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWXFESD -Arrived Sept 14— Dr ship
Ct Morro, frosi Valjwii-p.ioo.
ftailod Sept 14— Sum- Cha* ICeSsou. for Skas
tu.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 14.
Stmr Cclia, Hissrlne. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Saturday, September 14
R-.lp Eofcemia, "Vl'haln-.an; 2T days from Bris
tol Hay.
r>hr Kc<5!afc, Nordberg. 15 days from Un
&Ia*lfa.
County Clerk Deane's Force of Depu
ties Will Drape Rooms in
Black.
A feeling of depression, djie to the death
of the. President, .was prevalent at the
City Hall yesterday. /All of the Superior
Courts adjourned until Monday, and as a
result but little, business was transacted
County Clerk Deane • will have a : force' of
clerks, who willingly >- volunteered • their
services, at' his office' to-day engaged' in
putting up mourning, draperies in the of
fice.. , , - ¦• . '..
yesterday by the members of the Manu
facturers' and. Producers'^ Association:
Whereas, The President of these United
States, the nominee of whatsoever party, stands
as the embodiment of the expressed • will and
the authority of the people under the national
constitution, and as such Is entitled to the re-
Ml^ct. loyalty and protection of all Americans;
and - .¦•.-:.
Whereas. The nefarious doctrine of anarchism
ha» caused «n assassin to take the precious life
of -our President; be it \- . ' • ; , -. ¦ .
¦ neeolved. - By the board of directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers'. Association of
California, that ¦wo ' Jo solemnly express our
Merchants Denounce Anarchism and
Urge Congress to Act on the
EvU.
The following resolutions were adopted
MANUFACTURERS EXPRESS
THEIR SINCERE SORROW
MOURNING PREttfclLS
IN CITY HALL OFFICES
On the receipt at. any post or camp of official
notice of the death of , the President of the
United States, the commanding officer will on
the following day cause a gun to be fired every
half hour, beginning at sunrise and ending at
sunset. When posts are In sight or within six
miles of each other/ the firing will take' place
only at the post commanded by the senior of
ficer. • ,'•'¦:;: .¦¦-*¦•¦..-¦ ..-¦¦-.;
Minute guns will be fired every half
hour at the Presidio to-day. All the flags
at, the, post are at half mast. The, post
commanders have, received official ; notice
of the, President's death and all formali
ties will be observed. The following para
graph of the . army i regulations will be
carried out to-day:
Dead by Soldiers Stationed
Here.
Special Honors to Be Paid to Honored
MINUTE GUNS i WILL , BOOM ; i '
AT THE PRESIDIO POST
James J. Hill said: "I am in favor of
getting rid of the anarchists who caused
his death.
"There is no occasion for any worry
in the markets or the business stability
of the country. The business of the
United States has to be done and will
nourish under the administration t)f Pres
ident Roosevelt." ...
"I am strongly in favor of Congress
passing a law making any attempts or
conspiracies against the life of the Presi
dent punishable by death."
FORTLAND, Or., Sept. 14.— Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles started East with
James J. Hill on a special train last even
ing upon hearing the news of the Presi
dent's approaching dissolution. He will
will make his visit of Inspection to San
Fmncisco at a later date. General Miles
said. .
General Cuts Short His In
spection Tour on This
Coast.
At a special meeting of the grand lodge
officers and corporate directors of the
Grand Lodge, Ancient Order of ! United
Workmen of Calif ornia, the' followiner
resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and the grand recorder was Instructed
to transmit a copy of the same to Hon-
John Hay. Secretary of State, at Wash
ington, D. C:
Whereas. The Ancient Order of United Work-
m v^. if> a . n , or^ anlza i 1 oi °l Patriotic and law
abiding citizens, and .
The nation ' stands appalled and
humanity aghast at the cowardly munW ?r
William McKinley. our beloved PrSwfm I
man whose patriotic services as a clM»'»«
uoldler and statesman to his country in h»i
time of need entitles him to the gratitude \ntl
tnd respect of the entire people and 2
¦t££?J?£ U thC admIra "°n? ah mankind!
Resolved. That we desire to place on rwwH
for ourselves and for the great order which X»
represent, our sincere regret at his untimJiJ
Wring off in the zenith of his f ame and "us/
fulness, and to express our abhorrence o«-J
detestation of the horrible crime which denru-.
the nation and the world of his InUtfiir VT
sen-ices. And be It further 'nestimable
lif-Rolved. That we. as an order, tender to the
bereaved wife of our beloved President our
ron« heartfelt condolence In this, her ewat
hour of affliction, and vrith the balance of the
citizens of this preat nation tenderly comm T
her to the care el him who dofth all thim^
well ur. e. n. MORnisox .
Grand Master Workman
O. T. EPEN-CER. Granrt Recorder.
UNITED WORKMEN ADOPT '
RESOLUTIONS OF SORROW
MILES STARTS
FOR THE EAST
Resolved, That our heartfelt sympathy be ten
dered to the bereaved widow and 'relatives of
the late President, and that a copy of this res
olution, under the seal of this association, be
forwardfd to Mrs. McKinley.
Resolved, That in William McKinley, whom
the citizens of San Francisco had recently the
pleasure of meeting and appreciating his noble
character, the nation has lost an exponent of
the highest order of American citizenship, and
that, both as a man and 'as a constitutional
ruler, he deserved the highest respect and love
of a great people. '
deepest indignation at this atrocious crime, and
that we urge our next Congress to pass laws
defining attacks upon the lives of the President,
Vice President and any memoer of the Cabi
net 6f the- United States to be treason to the
republic and punishable by death.
Yesterday morning at 11 o'clock was the
time set for the Federal Grand Jury to
report the Dimmick indictments to Judge
tJe Haven, but Assistant United Sta'es
District Attorney Banning moved that the
presentation of the .jury's report- be de
ferred until Monday morning out of re
spect to the memory of the President. An
adjournment was ordered accordingly.
Judge de Haven at once adjourned the
court until Monday morning: at 11 o'clock
Similar action was taken by Judge de
Haven, sitting for Judge Morrow in the
Ignited States- Circuit Court. Mr. ' WooU
worth making the motion for the adjourn
ment.
It is indeed a public calamity that one who
has so endeared himself to the hearts of the
people, not only by reason of his noble and
manly personal traits, but by virtue of his
masterly and courageous administration of the
affairs of state— bringing this country triumph
antly out of the chaos of uncertainty of- a
foreign war and advancing it to a state 'of
prosperity and power never before attained by
it-should fall by the hand of an assassin
But, Jf your Honor please, this is not the t'me
to enter upon details of his glorious and Illus
trious career, even Jf with my own humble
sblUtlee I could hope to do justice to the
mightiness of such a theme, but I desire to
add that for forty years he has. been foremost
In the ranks of our warriors, statesmen and
patriots. His name has been linked with every
important public measure of his time- the
record of his action is indeed the history of
his country for that time and the fame which
during his life was the property of his
friends, the grave has made the berita-e of
;his country.
If your Honor please. It becomes my painful
duty to move that this court adjourn out of
r^pect to the memory of our late President
the Honorable William McKinley. In the
aeath of the President the country has sus
tained a loss which time can never repair
The eadness and gloom which pervade the na
tion at large sufficiently attest the affection,
love and devotion in which the President was
held by the people; and therefore. It would
eeern to me in view of the terrible disaster
which has taken place that it would be no
lets than a sacriiege to permit the carrvine
on of public business.
United States District Attorney
Woodworth Pays a Tribute to
Dead President.
On the calling to order yesterday morn
inc of the United States District Court,
United States District Attorney Wood
worth arose in his place and addressed
the court. He said: .
IEDERAL COURTS CLOSE
ON FORMAL MOTIONS
When Emperor Wiiliam heard of the
death of President McKinley he imme
diately ordered the German fleet to ha'f
mast their flags and to heist the Stars and
Stripes at the maintops.
MADRID. Sept. 14.— Several of the Mad
rid newspapers publish editorials upon
the death of President McKinley, of
TPPlA^'Jil 1 £ E, eak I" terms of respect.
HAMILTON. Bermuda. Sept. 14.-*Uni
versal regret is expressed here at the
death of President McKinley. All the flags
are half-masted.
I am deeply affected by the news of the un
timely death of President McKinley. I hasten
to express the deepest and most heartfelt sym
pathy of the German people to the great Amer
ican nation. Germany mourns with America
for her noble son, who lott his life while
he was fulfilling his duty to his country and
People. WILLIAM. I. R.
To Mrs. McKinley. Buffalo: Her Majesty,
the Empress, and myself beg- you to accept the
expression of our most sincere sorrow In the
loss which you have 6Uffered by the death of
your beloved husband, felled by the ruthless
hand of a murderer. May the Lord who
granted you so many years of happiness at the
side of the deceased grant you strength to bear
the heavy blow with which he has visited you.
J WILLIAM. I. R.
Emperor William also sent the follow
ing dispatch to Secretary Hay:
DANTZIC, Sept. 14.— Emperor William
cent the following dispatch to-day:
Words From the Kaiser.
Subsequently, the Secretary of ¦ State in-
Btraeted me to acknowledge ' the receipt' by.
Secretary Gage of M. de Wltte's messages.
This I did in a note to M. de Witte. in which
I ccnveyed Mr. Gage's gratification, and thank-
Ing him. declared that the telegram had been
received In America with greater pleasure be
cause he not only expressed his own sentiments
of friendship, which would always be welcome
to the United States, but added new proof of
the amicable relations always existing between
th^ people of the United States and the Rus
sian nation.
On receipt of Count LamsdorfTs message
through the Russian embassy at Washington,
the State Department wired me to return the
thanks of the President and people of tlw.
United States, which I immediately did by
note to Prince Obolinskl, the assistant of
Count Laxnsdorft. I was then informed from
Washington of the Czar's telegram and was
instructed to send a feeling reply. I wrote
Obolinskl. Informing him that I had the high
honor of conveying the cordial thanks of the
President for his kind message, adding: that
the President was exceedingly touched by the
evidence of friendship, and saying that the
sympathetic word; of the great ruter of Russia
had been received in America with gratitude
and th* profound respect of the entire nation.
The news from Buffalo produced a pro
found impression* ameng all classes and
nationalities in this cosmopolitan city. The
Czar, the Foreign Office, M. Witte. the
Finance Minister, and a number of of
ficial and unoffirial people have sent mes
sages to Mr. Tower, who is deeply im
pressed by the sincerity of all the dis
patches. He said to-day:
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.— The news
of President McKinley's death reached
St. Petersburg at 11 o'clock this morning. 1
Pending an official notification Charle
magne Tower, the United Slates Kmbas
rador. was unable to inform the Foreign
Office of Mr. McKinley's death, but he
has befen receiving diplomatic and other
visitors who railed during the day to ex
press condolence and sympathy.- The
Church of England and the English-
American Church -will to-morrow take due
notice of the President's passing away."
Condolence From the Czar.
Never did the friendly expressions of ! the
two sister republics appear more Justified than
at the present moment, when there is only
room for a sentiment of profound cordiality.
The Journal des Debats says:
The anarchist Czolgosz flattered himself with
a vain hope if he thought that by a revolver
thot he could root up the famous golden
cross on which Bryan wished to - prevent
humanity from being crucified. The Buffalo
murder, therefore, was perfectly useless, even
from the view point of anarchists themselves.
Political murder Is always formidable, to
dynasties but quite Inoffensive to republics. '
Another article in the Temps says:
mourning of the entire nation, mlnjrles a
gnawing doubt regarding the treatment
and 6kiU of the doctors."
Alluding to President Roosevelt, the
Temps says: "What perspectives, what a
touch of the magic wand, and what min
gled, troubling sentiments must occupy
his mind!" " - • :'
Continued from Page Twenty-Five.
FERVEHT WORDS OF SYMPATHY
PALACE HOTEI,
|g7b»m1& p* Voc^" 0 ""* w '
? / Si , Uma 2.- , N T H ° McKlnley. Ore
J X | fe^San Ha £? ,>VS2S.
C F Slmms, Redlands Miss Henry. So Da
C H Norton. Ore F B Glenn. Jactnto
T P Linn, Columtras.O Miss Kate Shafer Cal
Hervey Lindley & w, Geo H Pepper N T
F La Flesche.WashDC
Edson L Foulke. Cal C M Farls. Stanford
H D Booth & w. Pa J F Huckel at w.
Miss Booth. Phlla. Pa Kansas City *
Miss E. D. Booth. Pa E F Dyer & ,w Ohio
J B Booth. Phlla, Pa J K Robinson, N T
H W Booth Jr. Phlla F M Clough Mass
F W P Rutter. Eng R E Stephens. Mich
B C IlcCoy & w. L A Geo O Kruse N T
Mrs F Mlckersham. A F Holcomb N T
Petaluma Mrs F C Hubbell, la
Wm O Levine. NT J W Vaughn & w. L A
H Bockelmann. P»nn E S Churchill Xapa
N A Vlauello. Hatla R H Hood & w. N T
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss J D Coin, Cal W Dinmore. Marysvill
Miss R Kermeen, Cal J C Hall. Redlands
J Morgan. Iiob Ang Ethel Washington. Cal
G W Harris. Duluth . H E Picket. Placervill
C A Grablll. Cal ¦ W H Warren. Willows
F E Perry. NT J Gray. Ireland
R Granger, w & ch, E R Smith, Los An*
National City D H Dollar. S Rafael
Miss E Funk. Nat City Mrs H A Campbell. Cal
Mrs .W , W Worthing, Mrs W E Downs. Cal
Cal Miss C Campbell, Cal
Miss R Worthing, Cal H Kraft. Maxwell
F A McPherson & w, W H Benson. L Ang
Cal W M Basrard. Phlla
J Foshay. Oregon L» J Louben. Mexico
E L Fain & w. Texas |B F Heuae. Los Anjf
L Darmeal, Los Gatos E F Davis. Stockton
D J Canchester. St PllJ Anderson, Stockton
Dr G Ivancovich & w. G W Grupe & w. Cal
retaluma C H Heath. Vallejo
J H Riecke Iman. Ohio Miss E Hour. Nevada
F J Dorjran. Ohio . J Z Feonando & w,
J B Smith & w. Salins Colorado
W C Lamb. Reno H Dotzert. N T
J M HSlattery. Mrysvl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J L Taylor & w, Som- W Marshall. Portland
nerville J Nelson, Sacramento
C Hoppe. Utah J Rafael. Oakland
F Bueter. Denver W D McKlnley. Oaklnd
W Davison. Johnsvllle L Bauman, Stockton ,
P J JScGafflean. Cal H E Craig. Sacramento
J McGafflean, Cal S A Pate. Sacramento
K Ross. ChicaSo - W Blllens. Los Banos
C H Smith & w. Aubrn E B Channell. Calla>
J Blslow. N Orleans^l hans
E Lavine. Sacramento |Mrs F H Balrd, Cal .
T P Leach. Portland
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
• Joseph Spear. Jr.iT surveyor of customs,
leaves ,to-day; ;0n ;the ; overland 'limited to
attend the funerai-bf- President McKinley.
At . Ogden Mr.' \ Spear, will be a<l vised by
wire from- Secretary. Cortelyou as to the
time and place of the funeral. '"
Spear "Will -Attend. Funeral.
- each of the-Postomce. War and In
terior departments there- has been one
change. Smith succeeded G«ry >ln iho
Postofflce Department; Root, General Al
ger.ln the War Department, arid Hitch
cock,'Bliss "In the Interior Department.
• The first Attorney General under Presi
dent McKinley was the present Supreme
Court Justice, i Joseph . McKenna. When
he became a member of the Supreme
Court he was' succeeded by- 1 " Governor
Griggs of New Jersey, and the latter was
at his own request relieved at the begin
ning of the present term by P. C. Knox,
the Incumbent, assuming the ofllce.
¦ The greatest number of changes have
taken place in the State Department and
the Department of Justice. Three men
have* served as the head of the State De
partment since the 4th of. March, 1897. The
first was the. late John Sherman; who sur
rendered his place In the Senate to bo
come the head of McKinley's first Cabi
net At the outbreak of the Spanish war
he retired and ' was succeeded by Judge
William Day. of 'the President's city of
Canton ,- who, when the war ha.d closed,
gave place to' the Incumbent, ; John Hay,
who had been McKinley's . Minister to
Great -Britain. All three were- Ohio men.
WASHINGTON, Sept. H.-Of .the eight
men who -. entered President McKinley's
Cabinet at the beginning, of his first ad
ministration only, three" remain. .These are
Secretary, of I the Treasury Gag e, j Secre
tary of the Navy 'Long and Secretary of
Agriculture "Wilson.
Only Three Remain of McKin
ley's Original Official
Family.
MANY CHANGES
IN THE CABINET
J . Owlngr .to * a T painful : accident * sustained
yesterday at the \ California ' Theater j by
Mr. Durno, J th,ere .was no performance
given last night. The theater will remain
closed ¦ for the ! present . week i and • will", re
open-.with Hoyt's favorite farce,'"A Texas
Steer," * on next Sunday night. ;
California Theater Is Closed.
Esclpion' Canal, Consul for Colombia,
sent \ a personal .letter ' to * Mayor. , Phelan
yesterday, fin which" he ' expressed heart
felt, sorrow at, the, loss of President Mc-
Kinley.: He said' that'in behalf, of .his
country, he desired the: Mayor : to accept
the: expression of; his, condolence i n the
sad ¦¦ and i trying bereavement 1 through
which the country Is now passing. '..;->•'
Colombian Consul's Condolence.
A. K. Coney, Consul General for Mex
ico, said yesterday in an interview:
,The death -of President McKinley. Is a shock
to the sensibilities .of every human being, to
the lovers of liberty in every land, and the
sympathy of every Mexican heart goes out to
this creat nation so unexpectedly stricken
and to . the gracious and tender wife who
mourns her irreparable loss,' and we hope that
the Great Architect of the Universe will grant
her in his divine mercy the resignation neces
sary in her great distress. . j ¦ . - .¦;/..
* In my- land ¦ General Diaz, with his charac
teristic nobility, ol sentiment, has, out of sym
pathy for America in this her • day of j sorrow
and mourning, stopped all the festivities g and
rejoicings which j have ever' marked in Mexico
the * celebration of ¦ his birthday on | the 1 15th. ,
..Locally, the Mexican colony, ¦ who are ever in
touch with all that affects this country either
In, her rejoicings ; or. mourning, -will, not; cele
brate . their . national . holiday K . of.; the . 16th, g for
which all were made.' nor will,the
testimonial ball to be -given- me on the ISth
take place, (or at my request this - also will
be ' postponed. ¦ .-. , • , • ¦ ...• ¦, , ,
, The flag of the. Mexican Consulate is at half*
Have Been Postponed*^
President Diaz. •'
States That All Festivities in Mexico
CONSUL CONET'S TRIBUTE
' ¦¦ : : ; : : to the honored • dead
HANFORD, Sept. 14.-At.a meeting of
McPhersori . Post No. 51, Grand Army of
the Republic,- here to-day resolutions of
sympathy for Mrs. McKinley were adopt
ed and initial steps taken to raise a fund
for a Grand Army monument to their, late
comrade. 1 The post has In charge the next
departmental, encampment for. California
and Nevada and. leads off to-day with a
liberal subscription, to the monument
fund. ¦ All Grand Army posts of. the coun
try, are Invited to join, v -.•-¦- -
Primary League Directors Adopt
Resolutions and Send Message
to President Roosevelt.
The board of directors of the Republi
can Primary League held a special meet
ing last evening, the following resolution,
Introduced by, Mr. Savage, being .unani
mously adopted: * ' -/" .. *
- Whereas. The entire' people of . the United
States have sustained a great loss by the death
of our honored President, William McKinley,
at an assassin's hands; we unite with profound
sadness ¦ in the general expression of sorrow
for the man and citizen who served his coun
try with equal faith and honor as soldier and
statesman and died .at the post of duty as
Chief Magistrate of ; the. American .pepple.',
On motion of Mr. Ruef the following
telegram -was ordered - transmitted •' to
. President. Roosevelt: • .- -. - • ¦. -. . -. , ¦.-.'¦.
' Theodore Rboosevelt, | Buffalo, N. T. : In the
serious responsibilities which have devolved
upon - you . through ' our national . calamity, and
in your continued effort for a pure American
citizenship I and an Ideal American - manhood,
you may always rely upon our loyal and ener
getic support. -¦ . . ' . .<;¦:¦'
Republican Primary League of San Francisco.
: - THOMAS P. WOODWARD, President.
Hanford Grand Army Post
Invites All Veterans to
Contribute.
REPUBLICANS DEPLORE
.THE NATION'S LOSS
mast and will so remain until after the fun
eral obsequies of the great President whom
we loved -as a good man, a good citizen and a
good husband. .. ;
STARTS A FUND
FOR MONUMENT
THE SAN' JTKANCISCO CALL, SUJVUAY, SKPTEMBEK 15, l»01.
32
Hala's.
Hale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale'c.
I \l'Y9J5 ll *t65o^ \ S an F ranc i sco ' s ft fst an d finest Showing; of New Styles in \\ %^-^M, \ \vf
f^^zX S/^ II •! i ' .There's so much that every Avoman wants; it's all so correct and as fairly priced as M y^ jfri
W^^'^x^ s^«^-/ - i; I it can be/that womankind will take a keener interest in this display than common. . Pit yPflg^r\ • »
\ \. jl •¦¦ ;• '• I | \Ve never did so well before. • But we'll let you judge of that when you come. // Y N< slsOOXnK^^j
>^ 1^--^^ '"¦'' I T/ r /7 / 7/4/?/ / 1/- - You'll like this exhibit above all others, because there is / / \ i/ )
y ' ... v. .. \**" > **". li |!| ¦*"Ty. I ..Wr. VOVy everything here— and the best of everything in each class. We N( ' \ f^*—*ae^^^~ V^ jr
Ii^hmim Tuiri in it i) / Yf)flHpY found the designer who excelled in ten-dollar suits. Then we ' .^~ T " . . ~~
BOX CoatS. - ' j UyViA/Or hunted till we found the man who could : beat- everybody .else TailOP-MadC Suits.
h. W^0^^MM^^^$$l them ever. ™ k -s U ne^th.^^^^^^^|| g^spb^^|^|^^!^
stitched, tans, castors, blacks. , . . . five-seventy-five coats, and fifteen-dollar Raglans, and so on down collar, turn-back' cuffs, flare skirt, trimmed with
j(57.5O_Auto, flare cuffs, velvet^collar, tailor .-stitched. the line. Only the best designers have sent us their best produc- ai^T^S^lS^n^S^ ™*£ *„„«
cuffs and pocket trimmed with. velvet; tans, castors • . ¦ .< . . ., J ¦ , & . .. jpx<*.7o — Cheviot suits,. in blacks and navies: Russian
and navies. ... _. ; . tions. So you see, these are every one criterion styles— each with blouse jackets, silk lined, with L'Aisrlon collar,
sio'oo A ™Si^Wr8w rr.at tan ctitrlied voice C^ J. j* . J ~~ ' ' • "' . • >'/ ,',.',. /. ' ¦ i - ? " - -, ' r ; • f ¦ j • ,. •>; t K > ' front and round the bottom of the jacket trimmed
* ™a P 7ed. sS^ss^ss^la&^SSi Styles-- ¦ §$&?&* < oi s^ c W0mW h^?¥^^ into it - We ve r^^^-'fT^ ?? row r i l stitchinK - fin -
with rows of stitching, lined with Skinner's best J . ; ' .been after the garments - v that vou'd like. There's not a mercen- «io i- Jrl ; s^ x I e \° ?t tch -' • u ,,
satin /»>»'/» /^/i^/j sh/i/'s-k --¦ - & - x •-.-.. . : §19.*o (like illustration above)— Cheviot, with Rus-
'¦ * ; ' " . . TJl/Urw 1J ikJ" arv niotive behind one of tliem-^-in many cases, our cloak leader sian blouse iacket, yoke effects.' with box pleat in
Rfl^'snS. ¦ • ¦- JL -. • i iii j : i - tJ a.- front and back, standing, velvet collar, trimmed with
,,;°-o ai ;,v u -;" b " kr ' jR , \ WM ,» «ilillMilP^iP®PiSilWI^ wa !" t Sllil p$B^^^^^w^^^^^$
?1G.oO (like illustration- above)— Oxford srray. full J-h-^^ ncisni/ • much of the P nce as he was of y° u - He knew lf y ou were satls " Eton Jacket, vest effect, fancy standing collar and
length, yoke back and front shaped— that s where the 1,11,(111, PfllPjV' c' i t » i "Z i i i' ' ¦, ' ' • ' bell sleeves flare skirt oanet front- th* ««t t*inT
newness comes in: velvet collar and cuffs: lined to OUO!. fied there'd be 11O doubt about the money. . .- W^^^^^^^^^^^^W^,
•«,o t it W t 1St Wlt^ satm - * , / : • . ' ¦ •¦¦; ..;'. w /, • , . „ W\ \ « ... : - ¦¦'. . . ?26.50 (like illustration above)-Russian blouse jac-,
$1S.7«>^$2475 Raglan coats and three-quarter automo- .; / , ..;. We take SUCll smalb prohtS and save by such large 'buying ket. with vest front standing collar skirt is flounced
biles, and fine jackets; a rare selection. # - .-, . that it's hard for other folks to meet more than one or two of f S^sM^3^^^±^^
T£*iFrkn«/Vl»rfP' Quit« ¦'¦¦¦. IJ-.*. *~~ • ' .- . straps of same material and finished with bands of
?L-?^ , , V • , •, t^riCES— ¦¦' our prices now and then. . . taffeta silk and crocheted buttons.
iP«.oO_Homespun,.gray and black, Eton iacket. with . J- l^vvyj ,, . ,r $35.00— Close fitting Eton jacket with fancy black and
vest effect, with L Aiglon collar: cuffs and collar. . ¦•'/* • _. ' , , , . , 1 , . . •• - ', , • ., : white vest oeeninff *>ut heH-sI^rves flare flnnnci-if
and ( skirt trimmed with bands of satin/ skirt flares. . n C Jdlf- US - But come; don t think about the pnces-the styles and their. JS^Sg^S -
. $10.00 — Black and gray homespun, , blouse effect / variety are the distinguishing; features. ' : . , : . * affair is trimmed with ', bands of "satin stitched on -
\ ¦ jacket, with the latest style collar and cuffs, flare ' # 7 _ ' /*/**/%'/% L\ /j •' w """" .. ; ,- block designs. '
I skirt. The whole thing trimmed with bands of taf- J/fvCy. OCtJZ :O3*-' A warm welcome awaits VOU ! ?30.75— And on up to $75-00. A choice selection of
feta silk. . .... : L/.' ¦ ;. : " '\ ;\ ¦ ' ¦.¦•:'•-* ¦¦ -¦¦/•' ' ¦ ¦ '¦'-'-•¦ H exclusive styles in tailor-made costumes. V ; " ;
Cijrfalrm and iDraneries Bight Dollars— Notable offering of
SiSii^Sllp^S#mfi| MJHinery Demonstration. Women's Muslin Underwear.
Dontiriion ing something interesting. For this week we wnl se.l ¦ First' ' Q? '-the" The Hale hat store has again struck the pop- c .
*^ T." N^w I nee Clip, riin^ SI SO. cp.acnn'c ular chord. Women have' found the hats here OUCIl garments We never lower qualities when we lower prices-
Attention, HEW. ©lyiC LSCC V/UPidinb fPl.OU. Seasons this season to have more refinement and indi- »« w< , M |,v that would lower the business after a while.. We lower
'. They are patterns never seen before in San Fran- Series. . '.. *.vi duality i to them than common. We knew ««» we sell tne prices to raise the business. At such times
cisco. All woven with Hale's specially prepared thread. They're good to '¦ ¦ that, but we wanted folks * to find it out for evePV dflv more women than usual come in touch with the store.
wear, pleasing to look at. ,V/ 2 yards long, 50 to 54 inches wide; ten charming themselves. That's why we had our first showing so early (several _________ «** We couldn't afford to give them anythinj? to disap-
styles. One price, $1.50 a pair. • , days ago). we. take our second step. ,; We want to show you --— — , point.
T_r oi7!: T?Y FORTIEBES- }?2.65— SU.^OTTTg-c; iOe— 36 inches wide: some that the -money-Rain,is*as pronounced as-the-style-gain. -v- - ...... ¦; - F^mri^^*-*. ,-»*-.^«/i---»i_, _ — »«_ . « — » •
%$?**%&£"&% Kfld ?h C r r o^ i $£^£^&^&l^ To that end we will put on : .ale to-morrow morning DXpCCt- 3S at JhcSC LOWePCd PP1CCS
Sei^If^pa^ JSt^J^Sff . 6&: Beautiful French Copies- as >Ve Uusually Give at Full Prices.
• at $3.00 are marked after Monday $2.65. Ing window poles and trimmings. The . ' '• <_ Q • _-v ,*-_ 'I? '_-. _- f _ . • ... £ je • . • •
. LACE SCBIM-Ecru suitable for half polo is five feet long, has two neat j T% rt III) tLadl . : There s a home-made excellence to every garment No cheao trimming
sashes or. full length; comes In very brass ends, ten rings and pins and. a • ,VU»Vv .•/.MUVIlr . no ha<itv 1 nn tmH^lTM « n ft,;«« ,,;.. u » t ««?. trimming
neat designs. 40 inches wide. 30 pieces. pair of brackets. Two hundred of ,_, u ' 1 - .• 1 * t 4l - u , • 'US- L/ scwin S. "o undersizes. nothing you wouldn t be glad to pay regular
Monday mornine and thereafter 9c. • them fqr selling at 25c. ' They are the most characteristic hats of the season — sensible, practi- prices lor. . . ... • . ¦ .
— ' — . ' — ¦ . ' cal, becoming; so different from the flashy, showy, made-to-look-well Now, wHat do you need? •
...,..,. ;-; lrnportant ;; : sort. None but best trimmings have been, used— silk .velvets, prettiest Here's the -list. It's worth reading: , ....
f~>^ j' • ' • - -¦ •-* t - - tl gun metal ornaracnts. lone full octrich plumes, feathers, breasts, wings * •" ' '
WkGZC\\1CT IOTI Ifl L^Inr r i<'^ % and.soon. TH2 GAINSBOROUGH is of course liberally represented. Drawers. Corset Covers. i
a^ vv«MWki\/iJ47 "I WlV/VlVCr* 'but the chiefest interest centers ro-ind 22o-Never sold regularly under 33-:. 18c-Really worth 25c. Twortyle»-V
WORTH. ¦ .. It's. the most soujrht-after hat' this fall-and the scarcest one to find. embroidery. embTJde^Vw 111 ™^^ 11^* 06 ,?^
J —¦ _ Its to give our clock business a boost. If. \v c show hosts of them to-morrow in the, eight-dollar class. The white 3o^V^/ t m s ,?lT arly M Under ,^ embroider? 'or lice? h"ehne?ks Sth
"l »v-^- (^ £ «.. ty^™* »t we.can get -more folks acquainted felt is interwoven with black chenille -in numberless ways, then set off la roffle of cambrifaSd SbrrtSS , hemstitched ruffle, yoki Tof toftaSS
yPd$&£ S 3'25 . wiUi pur dock store can show them what with those popular feather ball pon-pons. ' But see them-no two alike. ROp _ Never LTre^Xiv uldfr L Skirts.
4lf$*V2i now f ne cloc . ks . we «rrv what a splendid variety we We'll mention briefly a few otl ers: . _ °°iolt cambric. 3 umbrefla^ style, -lita: «1,OO-Worth regularly $1.25: wft cam- ,' S
' «l_^f^6>!^^ 8 " have and how fair the' prices are. well ac- Qur F'oradon. A R<n al Blue Hat, . ¦ med at the bottom with 6-lnch em- b J lc », with 10-lnch umbreUa flounce
. T$ftJ*S&yJS\ ¦ cept this little. loss cheerfully— means blRSrer A creation of feathers in graceful Made of sl'k velvet birds win« br ? lde t r h y - t , h \, , k « tucks abo've"' and * ClU8ter of
t^msmJ* - gainlater^ il ) sweeping Hnes, new castor shade. |^^S n T^^|^. . ¦ J^^.SSS^^^r^^ , .^^^^- regular,. .nd«
Jfcs* eioo *-i n c -» 00 n- • r» e-t . Ch-Mi'1'e Hats Here s a . r .. . edge. $3.50., Fine cambric. 16-inch doubu
*- $198 for Our $2 38 Dinrng-Room Clack, soft feather facing; three Caba- Black and White Conception, r* «^ umbrella ruffle, each 1 handsomely
r^7\y%hyr\ ¦ Oak or wainnt from** an .i-i,* j,,, /,i«-i, chonas satin taffeta ribbon. <f , ..- . UOWuS* trimmed with two insertioni of
n WVW B&^rc^^ii^^^^ti'h^r^^i SilkVc'vetD^aHatc, -In plume effect. 58 C-Regularly 75c; two styles-^oft ;™" lace and "lacfVe!
(Gi \ =^j£ OS) _ as an alarm attachment. On sale Monday for the With Blue corded, silk crown, srun Ol- a. Beaver* Af Fair ¦ - fl rm muslin, high necks, square cl l J lves ,*. a 8 S. Ud J 5 ce effect 12
Ayf^r^VxC^K^i first time 3t this price, $L9S. metal ornaments set .with' rhlne- fn browns and castors beautifullv yokes of fine hemstitched tucks: j*J >,f5h % S JLfv. Fre nch model skirt
. f&/fe?$^§& « 7 = fnr'n»V«AAQ M a «t_l fl^L^ stones - «* off^Sltr. ? ornaments, gracefu y also yoke of fine cluster of tucks and • high favor with careful dressers.
{r^fff , WiFrn &3.i5 for Our $4.89 Mantel Clocks. A Swell Hat. draped in velvet folds. insertion of embroidery round neck. Waitresses' ApPOnS. • '
** - JjHV~^T _ 1 iifi? j* Imitation Iron frame, with • porcelain dial * ana Long feather breasts, .blue and These Naboieon A ' 8Sc— Regularly $1.00; soft cambric. . 2Sc— "White. Jawn; three styles with
)<O _(^^^T ipf " fancy gilt ornaments onsldes; a very substantial . white on the brim, plvlnp a plume _ -, .. H . , , , ., , \, fancjryoke of embroidery insertion. bib, either tucked, hemstitched or
«> 'j%n£I?5^ l_55 and quite an elaborate clock; runs eight days, effect ; Chau Panne velvet. Or Continental, done^in black and set off with hemstitched ruffle; i-ame ruffle shoulder bretelles; deep hem a*
iffiSifM strikes a cathedral gong every half hour. A G _ een Cpcation , Wns«ample also on collars andcuff^ the bottom, extra large ,lA ™ *'
• p Mg^Mr--- *J-.*5 tor . ur $b.00 Porcelain Clocks..; Gracefully draped with velvet. Rraceful. giving a swell, dashing ef- . ... ' .
K m^^Zz \IJOW - They are beautifully decorated, run el^ht days - fathers two parrots. feet to most every face. -t%sm m "U T 7 f__ » _l_ _» f •' j"
Y WssLi&lW ' and strike every half hour;- have fancy dials. I „ , . ,_-rr f^T JEm? "jjgff ' Cl ', / 1 £* fl W fl 1 I £^ ll 1 I*T <S A C
| f(m§ I FanLyGatClocksNearlyHalfPr.ee. Market 7ffl <J§) Market X lCl! YY1HLC A^llirL^ 4%3^ #
t^S Several dozen, but hardly more than one or two Street, yBfi^^ily Jif0%W /&/ * J&&Z&*P <&&&t. St.,OoD. Unla'undercd. , - ¦
ad %'////,,* V/MpSEz of a pattern: excellent timekeepers, and they're Mo _,. /£&/ Jffiy/ <gti *&&&* (SSSi&F' <W^^aBS) r\A Made from a splendid quality of muslin, with split neckbands, felled seams
¦t m^ P We%-sTn U e g redScerror h °Mond.y'to $185- another c- ![ W ]diU double^titched, patent Russets-in fact, all the latest -improvements. It's" a
/ ' —^ marked 52.98; another J3.48; another $4.48, 'which is olXtll. *i_l_i &_|#}n /flstShf**! Gate. s h' rt mac 'e for service, for comfort. It was never made to sell for 4ic and
'' -J about half what, they were, marked. ' \ '¦¦¦¦irT 1^ **UW*^^ ... | could, not if we had not manipulat«d the market as -we have.