• -~: Continued on Page Two -v.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two,
merchandise from San Francisco to Co
lombia in the year. 1839 amounted to only
J112.K2, and in 1900 to only $104,507, accord-
Ing to the statistics .furnished to the
Chamber of .Commerce. On the Pacific
coast of Colombia there are probably not
over 60,009 persons dwelling. The ridges
of the Andes shut off access from the Pa
cific Coast to a large part of the western
San Francisco has less interest commer
cially, apart from the through traffic be
tween the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of
the TJnlted States, In the countries of
"Venezuela and Colombia than have the
Atlantic coast cities. The exportations of
Commerce Between Various Countries
and Venezuela-
STBZFE IS' STTRTUrG TRADE.
'When the low tidal wave that followed
the explosion got under way; the craft in.
waiting started full steam to meet it,, but
so ¦ meager * was the watery disturbance
stirred up. that it died' before reaching the
launches and tugs pounding along to the
place 'where the arched rock used to be.
From every side came fishing-smack and
sail-boat , The seagulls : ahead * of : the
boats reaped " a - harvest .of the • small fish '.
thatifloated on the water's surface. The
Italian fishermen for the time forgot, their
•calling. arid, pouncing down upon , their
prey of wood,' made a great haul. Packing
their boats with lumber, they feasted off
the explosion as far, as a firewood supply
was' ". concerned. - The > flood : tide , quickly
carried- the -six-inch caked scum -toward
the • city : shores, ' but the ; drifting lumber '
was hooked and hauled by. the industrious,
fishermen, "and there' was enough' wood for,
all.;: The. wharf "that had 'been*' built
and then the fulminating bombs did 'their
work simultaneously. Up rose the water
and the scantlings and the piles and the
rocks. From a broad base the vapor shot
Into, the air in two columns about, 200
feet high. These columns joined midway,
leaving a cleft in what lookeS'llke craggy
double peaked tapering hills of water.
The engineers who conducted the drill
ing and the boring and the filling of Arqh
Rock with gunpowder gave a plausible,
physical explanation for j the \ low expul
sion of the water.' ,The hole? were drilled
into the rock 1 35 feet below the low water
level. Very little of Arch-Rock was »ex
posed to view, the greater portion spread
ing out beneath the surface of the water.
At a level of | thirty feet below ; the . low
water mark two acres of rock presented
a working ground for -the drillers.' Just
260 holes were : bored. ' In " thefce ; were
placed the gelatin and -caps Inserted, with
bombs of ' fulmjnate of ' mercury. '; Then
groups of borings, were .arranged .with
wire attachments, .all ' finally j uniting In
the one ' central '.wire '. which _was attached
yesterday, morning j and f 'tiar«*led ' f or "". the
distance/ of 7'4O00: feet. The} end;"of this
wire' was v. placed on the ;working barge.
By means ; of '• dynamic electricity . the
current was -turned ion, the ¦caps" set/off
¦¦¦'¦"" v v \" '.- : ' ; '¦-'" "."'• :: T ¦¦--•"--"• —
all went home disappointed— not because
the sight was not worth the, seeing, but
simply, because- in spectacular features it
fell far short of its predecessor and; did
not reach the exalted; standard of beau
teous splendor, set by the skyward jour
ney of Shag Rock. '
From Spectacular Standpoint the Explosion
Is Not Especially Startling*
SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE EXPLOSION: OF ARCH ROCK AND
. SCENES AMID THE DEBRIS OF | WOOD THAT WAS LEFT ASrA RE- ;
, MINDER OF THE JUTTING ROCK.' -\* \ ¦-.-. '- "- »':"-
The noon ; hour ¦ was set for the explo
sion, but It was some little time after
12 o'clock before, the dull, heavy rumble
and the boom was heard. Tugs, launches,
fishing smacks, rowboats, yachts and
schooners had worked up to. the point
.where the danger limit had been placed
and all waited patiently for the upheaval.
The Caroline steamed about with a heavy
human load on board, the Governor
Markham was there with the State of
ficers," the Governor Irwin and the Gov
ernor. Perkins with select guests kept well
within distance, and all the smaller craft
took up positions -within easy sight range.
The * warning had gone* out that" no boat
of any description should come within
a radius of a mile to the . scantlings that
were builded round the rock, and the
warning was well observed. On the
wharves and hills overlooklngthe north
ern side of the bay were' fringes of peo
ple expectant and hopeful* for a spectacle
equal in color and beauty to that which
attended the blowing up of Shag"; Rock.
Some climbed Telegraph Hill in v order; to
command a good view, • and others .went
so far. as to secure permltsHo larid.iirAl
catraz.. Photographers, amateur and pro
fessional, were ; perched . on tugs s and
launches, on mainland and island. '. And
The big towboat Chamberlain was
driven high and dry, in the marsh, but her
crew is safe. The Government boat Gen
eral Reese is believed to have been lost.
Captain O'Brien's house was swept away,
but he was on his boat, which wa3 m>
Heved to be outside. The pile driver at
Port Eads was sunk. The steamboat
Buras was driven ashore near the light
house, and later it was reported that she
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 13.— The storm
which has been sweeping the Gulf coast
from Pensacola and moving westward
during the past two days has prostrated
telegraph and telephone wires to such an
extent that news from the outlying sec
tions is hard to get The gravest fears
have been entertained for the safety of
the people living at Port Eada,. which is at
the mouth of the Mississippi River, and
for the ships that started for sea just
before the storm began. The wires to
Port Eada have been prostrated sine*
Tuesday night at 8 o'clock, but the Pica
yune reached a man who left there at 2
o'clock Wednesday. He was at Buraa,
which is sixty miles down the river, and
the farthest point with which there la
wire communication, at the present time.
This man describes the storm which swept
that section as a regular tidal wave, sim
ilar to the one which resulted In such
awful loss of life in 1833. He tfays all the
people living on the east bank of the
river have moved up to the "jump." which
is fifteen miles , from' the mouth of ths
river.. The house of a man named Cob
den, half a mile above the quarantine
station, was swept away, and the fifteen
members of the family, including nine
children, were drowned. The quarantine
buildings were badly damaged, but no
one injured. N '.' .
Drowned in the Flood.
Many Persons Believed to Have Been
LIKE A BIG TIDAL WAVE.
' "The first vessel that I remember being
wrecked on Arch Rock," continued Cap-
"'; "'When. they come to survey that spot
they will find every inch of ground In the
vicinity of Arch Rock covered with an
chors and chains. Coasters and deep
water ships by the hundred t have come
within an ace of going on the rock and
had to slip their anchors in order to get
clear! , The anchor, chain and hawse
pipe . picked up by • the Sea King on
Monday was not that of the Autocrat It
belonged to the old American ship High
lander. I The Highlander was making port
early in 1S61 and drifted down on Arch
Rock In a fog. . The anchor .was let go
and it held too well, tearing the hawse
pipe out of. the ship and nearly all of the
bow of the ship with it. \ The ; Highlander
was afterward got off and her cargo was
saved. -
Now that Arch Rock is no more the old
salts of 1 the \ bay are telling what they
knew of it and its dangers. Here is a bit
of entertaining history told by Pilot
Frank Boyd:
. : The .blowing up of Arch . Rock repre
sents the labor "of of thirty-five men em
ployed steadily for ten months. Six drills
have been working for eight months, and
thf^a weeks ago the first explosive- was
placed in the tubes.
While no. definite knowledge can be had
whether or not the undertaking was a
success,' the contractors are sanguine that
the ; explosion accomplished ; all that was
required of it An' attempt was made at
sounding yesterday afternoon, but the
water was too rough to. secure any satis
factory results^ At slack water this morn
ing the second attempt will be made. R.
'Axman,' the' manager' of the Coast Con
tracting Company, iwhich secured the con
tract from, tho Government on a $253,500
bid, "says tfcat ) hie"';' is perfectly satisfied
.with . what has' already been accomplish
ed. The next step in the work will be the
dredging away of the 30,000 cubic yards of
shattered rock. This, according to Man
ager Axman, will, take all of ninety days.
around Arch Rock' was ; a big one, con
taining many "thousand feet of timber.
erased. The explosion spread over a wide |
surface. There was no concentration, no
towering ? funnel of ' water, no long-dis
tance hurling of stones and timber. The"
work was accomplished . in workmanlike
fashion, and the spectacle suffered in con-:
sequence. When Shag , Rock was shat
tered to bits the water rose like a whirling
spout with a milky cloak. It took some
minutes to subside, and presented a sight
that was full 'of beauty. The emulsion of
sea water towered aloft and hung like a
grim, huge specter over the scene of de
struction. It remained long enough for
the sun to play upon it and produce glim
mering, scintillating light effects. There
was none of this yesterday. Broad . of
base and comparatively low in height the
cloud of water that was raised made a
speedy ascent and almost as quick a de
scent. It, was of momentary duration and
was over with before the spectators on
shore arid In boats realized Just what had
taken place. - ¦
The blowing up of Arch Rock was a
success from the engineering viewpoint.
Spectacularly it was pretty mueh of a
failure. Thirty tons of gelatin— the "nitro
glycerin explosive kind— and two acres of
hard, impenetrable rock when brought
into conjunction, . and a terrible force ap
plied, naturally suggest a commotion of
some sort. But thirty tons of gelatin
placed as this was destroys like a deletive,
demoniac agency, without creating a fu
ror or a prolonged tempest in its. wake.
The rock and the wharf timber surround
ing the exposed portion of Arch Rock was
The explosion which took Arch Rock
away from the sight of men had been
planned for many months. Two hundred
and sixty holes had been drilled Into the
resisting rock, and they were all filled
with the putty-like high explosive. The
touch of a button 4000 feet from the rock
Bet the destructive force in motion. Along
the cable the message of annihilation
Journeyed. Simultaneously -with the press
ing of this button the bomb burst. In
startling succession a - vast body of
water, churned into a filmy cloud, rose
upward, spreading itself over an area a
full half-mile in length and several hun
dred yards in depth. Like a heavy ice
berg In the distance, it floated on the
water and gradually melted into the sea.
Then the turmoil disappeared 0 and the
xelict of shattered piles, planks, dead fish
and a crust of yellowish foam told the
tale of artificial force against a natural
obstruction that will be seen no more.
tons . of gelatin did the trick.
With a low rumble and a sharp subse
quent explosion this landmark of the
northern , bay flew helter-skelter into
space. Timbers, rock and sea water beat
into a foam spread for a half-mile around
the one time Jutting rock. A small-sized
tidal wave was kicked up. Then all the dis
turbing elements subsided, and what was
left of the danger to Incoming ships had
sunk beneath the troubled waters or scat
tered itself on the flood tide, only to be
carried away by the current of the swift
ly moving stream.
ARCH ROCK, menace to coast mar
iners and on which many a ship
ping fortune has split, went sky
ward yesterday afternoon. Thirty
Italian Fishermen Reap
Harvest of WoocL
No Soundings Taken/ but Contractors Claim
That Operations Have Been Successful
It is possible that they may restore
communication from this side within
twenty-four hours, but from reports of
damage done between New Orleans and
Mobile it is believed that several days
will elapse before the wire3 are restored.
The Western Union Company has gangs
of men and special engines waiting at
several points to move toward Mobile as
soon a3 the tracks are clear of water.
The Weather Bureau has sent out spe
cial warnings to-night forecasting high
wind for Alabama to-morrow.
All trains have been abandoned for the
present. Several bridges are reported out
of plumb. -
According to advices received in At
lanta, the Louisville and Nashville Rail
road has been washed out near Chef Men
tour, Lake Catherine, Lookout and Rigo
lets. Two miles of Louisville and Nash
ville track through the Tensas swamp
west of Mobile i3 reported under water.
: From Mobile to Fort Morgan, a distance
of thirty-five miles.^and on^both sldea. of
the bay,' summer ? resorts* - ahd summer
houses are located. These were,. It is
believed, in the direct path of the storm.
The telegraph line to Fort Morgan runs
around the bay through the country and
covers eighty-five miles before it reaches
the Government reservation.
I^s^pf Life Is Feared
it is feared j that there has been loss of
life on'sipttA^if the islands in Mississippi
Sound, located Just outside the bar below
Fort Morgan.'. These islands are inhab
ited by French fishermen and are only
about four or five feet above the water
under ordinary stages and there was
great loss of life in 1S93.
Here the wire failed and nothing more
could be heard from him, although per
sistent efforts were made. The water at
3 p. m. was reported as high as In the
great flood of 1S93, although at that tima
the wind was not. as high.
"Am on top of the switchboard her*
with a lineman. The water 13 over three
feet deep in this room and it i9 still ris
ing. The wind is blowing at the rate of
fifty miles an hour and we look for worse
things to-night. The business district is
deserted "
Worse Things Expected.
Two hours later communication was had
for a few minutes with Mobile. The As
sociated Press operator there had made
his way to the operating room in a boat.
He took up his position on top of the
switchboard, several feet above the floor
of the office, and detaching the Associated
Press wire from its place on the board
sent this message:
At 4:30 thl3 afternoon the "Western Union
office at Mobile was abandoned, the water
at that time being three feet deep in the
operating room.
ATLANTA. Ga., Aug. 15.— The tropical
storm which has been raging along the
gulf coast for two days has to-night com
pletely isolated the city of Mobile. Ala..
from the outside world. It is known that
much damage has been done along the
water front in Mobile, but whether them
has been any loss of life or not is mere
conjecture. Nothing had been heard from
the country south of Mobile up to the
time the last wire to Mobile failed.
PARIS. Aug. 16.— The Matin says to-day:
"It is in its possible consequence that the
almost dramatic interest of Venezuelan
and Colombian conflict lies. It is this that
ought to fix the interest of the' public on
this operetta war. Venezuela Is not on
the eve of war with Colombia; It is on 1
the eve of war with the United States.
Already the Cabinet at Washington has
announced that it has taken over the in
terests of the Colombians in Venezuela.
Already Mr. Hay has spoken of taking
energetic measures. Already the Amer
ican press Is shouting 'Monroe,' Its old
war cry. which does not mean 'America
for Americans,* but 'America" for the
United States.* And already it is an
nounced that the States will undertake. If
need be, to bring President Castro to his
senses. Citizens of the United States have
In the rich arsenal of their slang a word
of which they make use frequently, not
only In conversation, Dut also In their
diplomatic Interferences. This word is
'grab/ It is not impossible that the whole
Venezuelan and Colombian affair will end
by a bit of land grabbing and that here
and there territory will be taken that will
teach President Castro that it is danger
ous to attack the TJnlted States and will
teach Colombians '. that it Is dangerous to
get it to defend them." • •
Game of Grab Says the Matin.
As to the casualty reports from the bat
tles said to have been fought in Tachlra,
on the Venezuelan border, he did not be
lieve them exaggerated to any great ex
tent, for he pointed out that a single bat
tle between revolutionists in South Amer
ica actually left more dead on the field
than did our whole Spanish-American
•war.
At the Venezuelan legation Senor Pull
do. Charge d'Affaires, expressed a firm
belief that there was no actual war be
tween his country and Colombia, for he
said he would be immediately cabled if
¦^-ar between the two countries had been
declared, or even was imminent.
The State Department is without any
cdditlonal word from Colombia or Vene
zuela concerning the disorders.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— It has now
been definitely determined that the TJnlted
States will be represented on the Pacific
side of the Isthmus of Panama as well
as on the Atlantic side. Thus far the
Ranger has been held in readiness at San
Diego, and the Iowa is coming down to
Ban Francisco to be in readiness to go
south from that point. While the formal
orders have not been issued one or the
other of these ships is to proceed south to
look after the American Interests. The
probability is that it will be the Ranger,
as 6he te farther down the coast and the
trouble does not appear to warrant the
presence of a battleship. .
Venezuela and Colombia Not at War.
Protecting the Isthmus.
Guards are still kept on board the
trains running between Panama and Co
lon.
conscription- They «ay the chances of
the Liberal success seem better thaii ever
since the commencement of the revolu
tion. The British Consul at Colon has
entered a protest against Jamaicans be
ing compelled by the Colombian Govern
ment to fight against the rebels.
The Darien brought forty passengers
who were obliged to leave Colon in or
der to escape the danger and to avoid
Flee to Escape J>anger.
ernment is now negotiating for the pur
chase of the steamer Bernard Hall of
the West Indian and Pacific Steamship
Company of Liverpool.
The converted cruiser Namouna has
been found to be practically useless owing
to the bungling attempts to mount heavy
guns on board her. The Colombian Gov-
Both sides are committing atrocities. In
the attack made on the Government
troops Sunday a few miles out of Colon,
the rebels defeated the Government force
and one of the latter was afterward
found shot in the abdomen with both
legs amputated. This was a reprisal for
the torture by the Government of polit
ical prisoners.
Government troops were taken to Colon
Monday. This is regarded as an indica
tion of the persistency of the rebel at
tacks.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 15.— A large
number of wounded men belonging to the
It Is Feared That There Has Been
Loss of Life Among Fishermen
on Islands of Mississippi i
.Sound. ;S ri
Guards Still Kept on Trains Betweea
Panama and Colon, to Prevent
Interruption of
•:' •' Traffic
Mutilation of a Slain Soldier
in Revenge for Political
Tortures.
EebelsDefeat Colombian
Force a Few Miles
From Colon.
Many Summer Resorts and
Homes in the Track
of the Flood.
Mobile, Ala., Is Isolated
From the Outside
World.
HIGH WATER
FOLLOWS THE
GULF STORM
BOTH SIDES
COMMITTING
ATROCITIES
VOLUME XC-NO. 77
SAH FRANCISCO, > FRIDAY, AUGUST 16,? 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARCH ROCK, A BAY MENACE MARINERS, IS BLOWN
TO ATOMS WITH THIRTY TONS OF GELATIN EXPLODED
FROM A BARGE A MILE FROM THE SCENE OF DESTRUCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Contribution to I Conscience ; Fund.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— United States
Treasurer Roberts has received from an
unknown h person a . conscience contribu
tion of $420. The money was received
through Father A.:.Vraggio, pastor of St.
Clare Church,- Santa Clara, Cal.
Exiled Prisoners Start for Arabia.
CONSTANTINOPLE, . Aug. " 15.^-Severi
hundred and four exiled ' persons, . many
of them being women, started for .Yemen.
Arabia, August 14. The prisoners include
those who" were' implicated -in', the recent
fire at the harem of the Yildiz palace.
TWO WORKMEN KILLED (
• BY DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
S SOUTH McALESTER,' I. T. , Aug. 15.—
l At noon to-day a premature explosion
of 500 pounds of dynamite, at Stuart,
twenty miles west of - here, « killed =• two
men on a . steam shovel on | the Choctaw,
Oklahoma and Gulf Railway." The killed
are William Pinkston of Forest City, Ark.,
and John ¦ Marshall of : this ; city. r - Tele
phone and telegraph wires Were blown
down and all communication ¦ by wire cut
off.-. ¦¦• ¦¦ ¦¦•-, ¦-. - - •¦¦-:;-.* ' -.
EXPECT A GREAT BATTLE
ON THE ZULTJLAIED BORDER
DURBAN," Aug. 15.— A decisive engage
ment is expected on the Zululand border,
where General Botha with 4000 Boers has
Deer located. Emmet's command of 300
men has reinforced the Boer3 at Babango.
The Boers appear to be hemmed in." Sixty
burghers on Saturday attempted to rush
the British post, but were repulsed. Com
mandant Potgieter has issued a warning
to British soldiers crossing the border
that they will not be allowed to return
without molestation.
The world has 2,250,000 acres under to
bacco cultivation, which produces 850,000
tons each year.
The" stripes ' on some of the men's
hosiery, shown in the shops would make
Joseph's famous coat of many colors look
like a funeral garment in" comparison.
CHINESE OF SIANFTJ
ARE SLOWLY^ STARVING
Flesh. Sells There at Three
Cents a Pound.
Reports Beach. Peking That Human
"-PEKING, Aug. 16.— Two members of the
missionary party that went from here to
Tayuenfu have left that place, carrying
relief funds lor Sianfu. Reports ; had
reached them that the famine at Sianfu
was terrible. Human flesh was selling
for 3 cents per pound. In Southern Shan
si also ; the distress Is great, but in only
isolated cases la there absolute starvation.
The province of Shansiis composed 1 prin
cipally" of mountain villages, which are
difficult of access. L> ..
CHINESE ARE BEING PILLAGED
They Are Chief Sufferers From Raids
Along the Railroad.
COLON, Colombia. Aug. 15. — Raids con
tinue almost daily or. nightly along the
line, owing to the entire absence of mili
tary protection. Last night Matachln was
again raided and cattle belonging to sym
pathizers with the Government were stol
en. Two women were kidnaped at the
Gorgona station Sunday night and the
Chinese there were pillaged. On most oc
casions of this character the Chinese are
the chief sufferers. Consequently they
are daily transferring provisions and mer
chandise to Panama, thus intensifying
want and suffering along the line. Armed
guards consisting of about fifty men still
accompany each passenger train.
The presence of the French cruiser Su
chet tends to allay uneasiness and the
arrival of the United States gunboat
Machias is anxiously awaited. It is hoped
that she may get here by Sunday. Be
yond the loss of dynamite and powder the
railroad has sustained no injury and traf
fic across the isthmus continues without
interruption, although far fewer local pas
sengers are now crossing.
. The Government is concentrating troops
from the more remote provinces. Tele
graphic communication with coast points
is Interrupted and hence nothing is known
here regarding the situation at Cartagena
and Barranquilla. General Alban has not
yet returned to Colon, but he is expected
at any moment with ¦ reinforcements.
Troops continue to patrol- both ends of the
isthmus at night. .- ~
LONDON, Aug. 15.— The waning session
of the House of Commons was enlivened
to-day by a vigorous tilt between Sir
William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal, and
Joseph Chamberlain, the Colonial Secre
tary, over Lord Kitchener's proclamation.
Sir William characterized it as. "a mis
chievous document, the % inspiration of
neither Lord .Kitchener nor Lord Milner,
but of the Ministry of NataF." He de
clared the Government in arming the.na
tives was reverting to a practice which
had left the darkest stain in the history
of the war between England and America.
The new policy of the Government prom
ised to be neither creditable nor effective,
and. was in contravention | of all the fun
damental principles of the St. Petersburg
convention. The country would welcome
an ante-adjournment statement on the
status of the war, on which they were
still spending £5,000,000 a month, although
it was declared ended at the close of the
last session. - ¦¦•'• -
Chamberlain .said that the. war status
was clearly, indicated by Lord Kitchener's
weekly reports. He himself had gone out
of the prophesying business, but he as
sured the speaker that the Government's
attitude was the only method of ending
the war. The Colonial Secretary declared
that the use of native troops was no new
policy. It has been .pursued without ad
verse criticism. The Indian troops in Chi
na had been co-operating with the troops
of seven of the highest -.civilized powers.
Regarding the banishment of burghers,
Chamberlain said Great "Britain had a
"perfect right to enact what laws she
chose for , the government ' of a country
acquired by conquest. The /Boers must be
taught that they can no longer carry on
a guerrilla war at no personal risk while
Great Britain fed their women and chil
dren." - ' '
. He compared the conditions in South
Africa with those* in the Philippines, and
said the policy of America, as declared by
General MacArthur's" proclamation, would
certainly be the policy of Great Britain
if the campaign degenerated into a war of
banditti./ . . •- ¦ -
. 'Regarding the devastation policy, Cham
berlain said it was | nothing . . compared
with General Sherman's campaign. He
had talked with General Sherman himself,
and Sherman justified his action on the
ground of humanity. ••; ¦ ; . • .
; Chamberlain | also said there waa no
foundation for the report that Lord Kitch
ener was coming home. •
Aug. 15.-The official
Handelsblad, while incredulous regarding
the Matin's story that an attempt Is be
ing made to persuade Kruger to sign a
document authorizing privateering against
Great Britain, • warns % the Boer leaders
that "no civilized power could approve
of the adoption by the republics of a
medieval system of warfare like priva
teering."
MIDDLEBURG, Cape Colony, Aug. 15.
— Colonel Gorringe had a successful en
gagement with General Kritsinger and
Commandants Erasmus, Pyper and Ca
chet, near Steynsburg, '. August 13. Eras
mus and Cachet were mortally wounded.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Lord Kitchener's
mail dispatch on the subject of the Vlak
fonteln light, May 29, says:
"There s,eems to be no doubt that five
or six cases of the shooting " of British
wounded by the Boers, occurred:"
The Colonial Secretary, Joseph Cham
berlain,- informed Sir John Rolleston,
Conservative, in the House of Commons
to-day that the customs .tariff of the
Transvaal and Orange River Colonies had
not yet been taken in hand, but there
was no Intention of adopting a system
of protection discriminating against lor
elgn goods.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— The House of Com-,
mons to-dajr, on the motion of John Red
mond, the Irish Nationalist leader, or
dered the editor and publisher of the
Globe, an evening paper of London (Con
servative), to appear at the bar of the
House to-morrow afternoon for gross
breach of privileges of the : House In ac
cusing the Nationalist members of- cor
ruption in connection with private bill leg
islation. The Globe editorial, to which
exception is taken, said: - ¦
The same spirit and the same motives which
have made Tammany the synonym for polit
ical obloquy have made the Nationalist party
what it is. Many connected with It are the
very ruck of the population, whose sole ob
ject is to make as much money by political
Jobbery and corruption as they can. Any one
who has had connection with Irish private
bills, corporation contracts and franchises
across the water can bear, ample testimony to
this. • , :
The Globe, hearing of Redmond's pro
posed action, attempted to explain that it
had not meant any imputation on mem
bers of the House of Commons, "but upon
the wire-pullers and parasites who have
made politics in Ireland a profession, as
their kinsmen have done in New. York." "
Redmond, in calling attention to this
"very degrading and scandalous libel,"
said the libel concerned the House of
Commons as a whole far more than the
Irish members. The latter had not com
plained of the violent, rancorous attack
of Chamberlain at Blenheim because they
knew him of old in connection with Irish
politics and his opinion was valueless.
But the charge of personal corruption was
a different matter, and the House ought
to vindicate its own honor. He moved
that the House declare the Globe's arti
cle'to be a gross breach of the privileges
of the House.
Balfour, the Government leader, con
curred. He said there could not be the
smallest doubt that a. breach of privilege
of the gravest character had been com
mitted. He could not imagine an accusa
tion more unjustifiable. At the same time,
in regard to the course to be taken, he
had always held that the House could not
commit greater folly than to enter into a
controversy with the press. . t
Asquith, Liberal, and Healy, National
ist, supported Redmond, whose motion
was adopted unanimously. .
Redmond next proposed the motion that
the editor and publisher of the Globe be
ordered to appear at the bar, of the House
to-morrow ; afternoon. The motion '.was
carriedunanimously.
tain Boyd, "was th? pilot boat Sea Witch.
That was in 1855. All the pilots had
'boarded off' and the schooner was com
ing in in charge of the boatkeeper.
There was a dense fog and the boat
keeper mistook Arch Rock for a sloop
under sail and getting his course accord
inglv made the mistake of his life. All
hands were saved, but the Sea Witch was
a total loss. . - ¦
"The next wreck was that of the clip
per ship Flying Dragon in the winter of
1861-6?. She made the fastest run on rec
ord from Newcastle, N. - S. W.. thirty-five
days, and anchored oft Meiggs wharf.
Captain Watson, the well-known marine
surveyor, was in command of the vessel,
but the pilot was still in charge when the
accident happened. A sudden change of
wind and a fierce squall drove the Flying
Dragon down on the rock and she be
came a total loss.
"The next vessel lost on the rock was
the bark Autocrat In 1869. She was loaded
with coal and drifted down to her doom
in a dense fog. Since that time number
less vessels have made. the acquaintance
of Arch Rock and always to- their disad
vantage. The old ferry-boat Clinton went
on one of its ledges" In a fog and the
steamer Oregon, now running between the
Sound and Nome, lost her bilges on it.
The old bark Columbia stuck on It for* a
day and a night, and last of all. the bark
Ceylon drifted down on it a few months
ago and was saved by the quarantine
steamer Sternberg. As it was the Cey
lon lost all "her sheathing. It would take
a page to give the number of vessels that
have just escaped going on Arch Rock
by slipping their cables, and -when the
contractors come to boring I'll guarantee
they will find - more chain and anchors
than rock." • •. •
In the old days it was a favorite amuse
ment for the young men of North Beach
to wait for a very low tide and then pull
a boat through under the arch. Captain
Frank Murphy, one of the best known of
the pilots, pulled a Whitehall through the
arch in 1857. Two of the crew of the pilot
boat Golden Gate pulled a yawl through
in 1859, and then a couple of years later a
couple of men tried to repeat the trick
but a heavy swell was rolling in through
the Golden Gate and they were crushed
against the top of the arch. Since that
time rowboata have kept away from Arch
Rock. » -
Powers .Will Not Ap
prove of Proposed Plan
of Privateering.
Publisher of the Globe
Ordered Before Bar
of Commons. -
Harcourt Denounces the
Arming of Natives in
South Africa.
DARKEST STAIN
DURING THE WAR
BOER LEADERS
ARE CAUTIONED
territory. Venezuela does business main
ly through its valleys sloping toward the
Caribbean Sea. The' articles that San
Francisco imported to Colombia in. small
quantities last year were brooms, cordage,
cotton manufactures, drugs, salmon, flour,
fruit, machinery, hardware,- wire, malt
liquors, coal oil, paper, lard, butter,
brandy, whisky, soap, starch, sugar, veg
etables, wine and wood. The total im
ports into Panama during the year end
ing December 31, 1S99, since when no com
plete statistics are available, were from
all countries $1,555,665. The exports from
Panama to all Darts of the world in the
Fame period amounted to $1,061,100. De
tails of the imports Into Panama from
countries for the year 1899 are as follows:
From Great Britain, $535,795: from France.
S104.250; from Germany, $130,295; from Spain.
ti'j.oio: from the United States, $541,425; from
China and all other countries not named In
the foreeoing, $195,555.
Some commercial facts of interest rela
tive to Venezuela are gathered from a
variety of omclal sources. Last year 403
vessels arrived at Maracaibo which were
by nationalities as follows: American, 48;
British, 4; Norwegian, 15; German, 4;
Danish, 3; French, 1; Italian, 1; Russian,
1; Dutch. 30; Brazilian, 2: Colombian, 2.
In the year 1893 exports of merchandise
from Hamburg to Venezuela amounted to
$1,669,320. There has been quite a falling
off in the German trade in Venezuela In
the past few years as is indicated by sta
tistics showing the exports from Ham
burg to Venezuela in a series of recent
years as follows: 189S, $1,565,505; 1S97, $2,-
F.70.8SS: 1896, $3,175,908; 1895, $3,196,159; 1894,
$3,194,029.
In the year 1899 the exports of coffee
from Venezuela to the United States
amounted to $4,096,564 80. The exports
•from Venezuela to Hamburg in 1899 were
52,163,503. Five years before the exports to
Hamburg were three times as great, the
total being for 1834 the sum of $6,596,827.
The year 1S99 showed a lower total of ex
ports to Germany than any other twelve
months in seven years.
E. H. Plumacher. United States Consul
at Maracaibo. has just reported to the
Department of State that the commercial
losses in the interior of Venezuela, owing
to civil strife, have been great.
had sunk. Her crew was said to have been
saved. The tugboat Velasco went down
to pass l'Outre, which is the eastern
mouth of the river, with two barges.
When last seen she had her decks awash,
and she is believed to have gone down.
If this boat and her barges have been
lost, twenty more people have been
drowned.
There are numerous reports of individ
ual casualties all along the river from
Buras down to the passes. All the steam
ers which started for the sea Tuesday re
mained inside the passes until Wednes
day evening and then went out safely,
among them being the Cromwell liner
Proteus and the British transport Mecha
nician, which was dynamited when in
port a few days ago. Not a single vessel
has passed the river since the storm be
gan, and fears are entertained for the
ones which are expected.
There is serious apprehension concern
ing the Cheniere, Caminada and Grand
Isle sections, on the South Louisiana
coast, west of the Mississippi River,
where 2C00 lives were lost in 1S93 by the
tidal wave. Up to this writing no word
has been received from that section,
which is largely inhabited by fishermen,
mostly Chinese and Malays.
Up to last midnight everything seemed
to be safe at the Mississippi coast towns
Bay *St. Louis. Pass Chrltian, Biloxl,
Mississippi City and Ocean Springs, but
since then not a ¦word has been heard
from them. All wires are down, but no
great fear is entertained. The only re
ports of damage so far received are of
dastroyed bath houses and uprooted
trees. •
The Louisville and Nashville railroaad
is blocked beyond Chef Menteur,
thirty miles from this city. The big
steel bridge S there is safe," but beyond
there are several washouts an the road
The New Orleans and Northeastern
road is also blocked by washouts, and
its big trestle over Lake Pontchartrain
has been shaken by the heavy sees break
ing against it.
Much damage has been done at Shell
Beach, a settlement on Lake Borgne,
which is southeast of the city, and con
nects with Lake Pontchartrain. All the
buildings there have been swept away,
and there are reports of loss of life among
the fishermen, but the extent of this is
not known. A tidal wave swept over the
land there as it did nine years ago. •
In the city of New Orleans and sub'urbs
there has been some damage. At Milne
burg, pne of the lake resorts, the railroad
pierhead, running out into the lake for
1000 yards, has been destroyed end all
light buildings demolished. The big build-
Ings on shore withstood the gale. There
was no loss of life. The steamer Neptune,
tied to this pierhead, pounded herself to
pieces and sank.
At West End the lake rushed over the
revetment and destroyed nearly all the
buildings there. The big dancing pavilion
at Lakeview was pounded to pieces by
wreckage washed by the waves.
The shell road to West End has been
under three feet of water, and Bucktown,
a gambling resort at the end of the re
vetment, has been swept away. It was
at the mouth of a canal, and^the sweep
of water into the canal from the lake
carried everything before it.
. The old basin canal, coming In the city
on Toulouse street, overflowed its bank,
inundating the entire second district. A
thousand men have been put to work on
it and are raising its banks.
A coal fleet of twenty-four barges be
longing to the Monongahela Coal Com
pany, and anchored at Coalport, nine
miles above the city, had a rough expe
rience, and every. tug in the harbor was
cent up here to save the barges. Six of
t,nem, with an aggregate capacity of six
thousand tons of coal, sank. The tow
boat Henry Marx, belonging to the Inter
state Transportation Company, pounded
a hole in her bottom at Gretna this morn
ing and sank.
"Everything O. K." was reported to Mr.
Leahy. "Politini will be on deck if she is
needed," and the manager breathed a sigh
of relief. Collamarini and her swelled
face showed up, however, and "Favorita"
was sung to a delightful audience, not one
of whom dreamed of the worry and anx
ious, moments that preceded the perform
ance.
was then that the diva's training asserted
itself. As the war horse scents the battle
from afar, so did the strains. of "Favor
ita" affect Politini. In a moment her ill
ness seemed to be forgotten — her horrible
headache was dissipated by a new species
of faith cure. She raised herself in bed
and poured forth the plaintive music of
Donizetti as if from her very soul.
Continued From Page One.
FAVORITES OF MUSICAL WORLD WHO FIGURED IN RECENT TROU
BLES ABOUT PUTTING ON "LA FAVORITA/' WHICH .'NEARLY
DROVE LEAHY INTO SECLUSION OF A MADHOUSE. ' ' "' - ¦ ?
HIGH WATER FOLLOWS GULF STORM
Continued From Page One.
Continued From Page One.
tin!.' I'll gamble that Poly knows the
parti" and a requisition was issued for
Politini. - ' '¦-
"It Is tree year since I have sung eet,"
said she, "but if Mr. Lea please, I sing I
cet on ze naxt performance: you know I
have to have ze chance to study." This
proposition was fair enough, but it would 1
not save the house that night if Collama
rini failed to appear. . -. f ¦', : .
Arrangements were" at once "made to
have the contralto come to the Tivoll at:
4 p. *m. and with Director Steindorff and
Tenor Agostini go over the score. At. 2...
however. It was discovered that Politini'
was in bed with a raging headache, with j
a doctor in attendance. Here was an un
looked for complication, and Leahy,;
though used to handling vocal disabilities, .-">
felt that he was at the end of his re
sources. Poly must be got into shape to
sing, or the evening's performance would
go up in the air.
"Ah! Madonna!" said Politini between
groans, "I can navar sing to-night! I
have ze bad l»ck all ze time! Ah, my
poor head!"— this with many superlative
Italian gestures.
The score was left with her. however,
and at 4 o'clock Steindorff, accompanied
by Agostini. repaired to her apartments.
Her headache was better, but she wfcs
still very ill. She despaired of singing
that evening, and plaintively inquired if
"Madame Collamarini woud not be able/'
Politini had never failed her manajaire,
but she was so "vera ill."
Steindorff sat down to the piano and
Agostini began to sing the cues, and It
A » » » » « t t t »..t..t..»..t..t..f..f..t..1..»..t..t..t..>.>..
HOUSE TO TRY
LONDON EDITOR
WILL OBEY STRIKE 'ORDER.
Association at Joilet.
Action Taken by Four Lodges of the
JOLIET, 111., Aug. 15.— The four lodges
of . the Amalgamated Association em
ployes of the Illinois Steel Company at
Joliet by,' unanimous vote decided to-night
to obey the strike order of President
Shaffer. The conference was in session
from 3 o'clock this afternoon until 9
o'clock to-night before the decision was
reached. •
The steel mills were closed at noon to
enable the members of the association to
attend the meeting, which was called i by
National Assistant Secretary Tighe, after
his arrival here this morning. He was ac
companied by Vice President Davis of the
Fourth district. Both men presented the
side of the association to the local mem
bers. It v.-as argued that in order to se
cure- the organization of non-union work
ers In the East it was essential that the
Western men should join the strike move
ment.
Tighe also appealed to the fealty of the
men to the association; he urged them to
be men and stand by their union. His
remarks were received with enthusiasm
and presaged the vote that followed. ••
This action will • close the entire steel
plant here, throwing out of employment
nearly 3000 men. Kires will be drawn to
night.
The Joliet men had the same contract
with the Illinois Steel Company as the
South Chicago workers, who last night re
fused to listen to the arguments of Sec
retary Tighe. Tighe will leave for Mil
waukee to-night. /
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 15!— Three" ad
ditions to the United States navy were
christened and launched at the shipyards
of the Maryland Steel Company this af
ternoon. "They are torpedo-boat destroy
ers and will be known hereafter by the
names of Whipple, Ttuxton and Worden.
The ceremonies attendant upon the
launching took place at 2 o'clock in the
presence of a large assemblage of hand
some women and distinguished men, in
cluding Government, State and city offi
cials, officers in both army and. navy and
civilians of prominence. They came from
Washington, New York, Philadelphia and
from other points in the country on spe
cial trains and in private yachts, over a
thousand special invitations having been
issued and accepted.
When all was in readiness for the
launching Miss Isabelle Truxton of Nor
folk, Va., took her place at the bow of
the boat of that name; Miss Elsie Pope of
St. Paul, Minn., at the bow of the Whip
pie;, and Miss Millie B. Worden at the
bow of the Worden. Each held in her
hand a bottle of champagne, encased in
silver wire and having a handle of silver
upon one side of which was a shield sur
mounted by an American eagle, while on
the other was a plate upon which was
engraved the date, the name of the craft
and that of the lady holding it, to be re
tained by them as souvenirs. As each
boat in its turn slid from the ways into
the waters of the Patapsco, the bottles
were broken over the bows, the names
were spoke by the sponsors and the usual
cheering, handclapping and waving of
handkerchiefs and hat3 took place, ac
companied by the din of steam whistles
and factories in the vicinity.
The three new" boats are dissimilar In
name only. They arc the largest of their
type in the United States navy and they
are also among the largest in any navy
in the world. Their comparatively supe
rior size has enabled the designer to pro
vide Quarters for the officers and crew
which are far more commodious than on
other vessels of their type.
ARCH ROCK BLOWN TO ATOMS,
All the furnishings in the cabin 2are"
made of metal. Asbestos sheathing takes
the* place of veneering in the finishing3
and wood is totally a-og.ent from the con
struction and fittings of the vessels.
The new boats In length are 259 feet 6
inches over all, 247 feet on the water, 22
feet 5 inches beam, 14 feet 8 inches deep
and draw 9 feet of water with a nominal
displacement of 434 tons. They will be
propelled by two four-cylinder triple ex
pansion engines, which will develop S300
horsepower at a speed of 340 revolutions
to the minute, with a steam pressure of
315 square feet and a- heating surface of
17,768 square feet. With this machinery
they are expected to attain a speed of 30
knots an hour under natural draught.
They are supplied with two torpedo tubes
each and each boat will have eight rapid
fire guns, of which six will be 6-pounders
and the remainder 2-pounders.
The contracts for the vessels were let in
October. 1S99, and they have been built
under the supervision of Commander F.
D. Ford, assisted by Naval Constructor
D. H. Cox. The approximate cost of each
vessel when completed will be about $2S5,
000...." ...:.. ' . -
Triple Christening of
Three Additions to
the Navy.
A MANAGER'S lot is not always a
happy one, even though there be
a nightly selling outof seats and
standing room is at a premium.
Diva Collamarini -is cutting a
wisdom tooth, and the plump contour of
her- face is considerably accentuated by
the attendant swelling, particularly on. the
right side. * In fact, the Inflammation was
so severe that she could hardly open her
jaws. Then the question arose, would she
be able. to sing -Wednesday night? Her
part in "La Favorita" was a most diffi
cult one, and Tenor Russo asserted that
Collamarini was "vera seek."
The resourceful management immediate-'
ly commenced to round up its singers in
hopes of finding a substitute. First
Soprano Barbareschi was interviewed,
but she had not sung the part since the
first year of her "carer." with the accent
on the first syllable, so her appearance
was out of the question.
"Ah!" said Doc Leahy, "there is Poll-
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Aug. 15.-It is
claimed that the present methods of deep
sea fishing will be revolutionized by the
use of the' Tale submarine arc light in
vented by- Francis G. HallJr. and Irving
A Burdick, graduates of Yale in the class
of 1900. Their submarine lights have been
used successfully already in diving work.
The arc lights, placed on four specially
constructed boats built for W. S. Mead
of New York, will test the theory in the
Pacific Ocean, off the coast of California.
gather™ ¦&«£. e Sf bl them. rOn T S he n ul S tra O 
violet rays" given 3 off by the electric arc
lights stun the fish because^of the great
dependence they Place on their sense of
Sl Four submarine arc lights are to do the
work of fishing on each of the boats Each
lamp will be of several thousand candle-
NEW DESTROYERS
DULY LAUNCHED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
me and we are not working In harmony Is a
lie.
Garland May Be the Man.
Shaffer did not name the men whom he
charged with unwarranted interference
in the affairs of the organization, but for
mer President M. M. Garland is believed
to be one of the number.
Later in the day Michael Kelly, repre
senting- the Amalgamated Lodge of Mil
waukee, and Samuel Adams of the Joliet
Lodge were closeted with the advisory
board. They made an extended statement
as to the circumstances under ¦which their
organizations failed to go out, and it is
said they promised that their men would
go on strike if permitted to give the three
months' notice provided for in their con
tracts. The local strike leaders are very
anxious to secure a reversal of the vote
by which the Western men remained at
work, and some of them seem confident
that something will be accomplished.
It is rumored that the United States
Steel Corporation is -negotiating for the
absorption of the Republic Iron and Steel
Company. There have, it is said, been a
number of conferences between prominent
stockholders in' the two companies, and it
is said that the terms of purchase have
been practically agreed upon. The Re
public plant is a large one, and its pur
chase would add greatly to the commer
cial strength of the steel corporation.
Strikers Asked to Attend.
Youngstown advices say that the of
ficials of the American Steel Hoop Com
pany have asked the strikers to attend a
meeting to-morrow at which. they propose
to lay before them the terms offered at
the manufacturers' and the strike leaders'
conference. The Amalgamated officials
are opposed to the meeting and will forbid
the men to attend it. /
President O. G. Powell, president of the
International Tin Workers' Protective As
sociation, was in conference with the
Amalgamated officials -to-day. It was
stated that they discussed the report that
the American Tin Plate Company was to
import black tin plates from Wales. Pres
ident Powell declined to talk when he left
the strike headquarters.
A dispatch from Sharon says:
The cotton planters of' the South are be
ginning to feel the effects of the steel strike,
according to advices received here. The clos
ing of the mills of the Steel Hoop Company
cuts off their main supply of cotton ties, and
they seem willing to pay any price in order to
have R sufficient supply when the time comes
to move cotton. The Steel Hoop Company's
largest mill, located at Youngstown, is idle,
and the workmen say they are determined not
to return to work.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 15.-Once more ef
forts are afoot to 6ettle the strike being
waged against the United States Steel
Corporation by the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers, but
their success is problematical. Neither
Bide Trfll admit that there has been a sin
gle step toward bringing about a rap
prochement or that there is any prospect
of an exchange of peace proposals. B. M.
Caldwell, formerly a mill owner of Mingo
Junction, Is known to have conferred with
the strike leaders with a view to sketch
ing a basis of settlement which he plans
to place before the officials of the steel
corporation. He Is believed to be the mys
terious man wno conferred with President
Shaffer for more than two hours at the
strike headquarters to-day, although the
latter said later he had not seen Caldwell
for months. Both sides vigorously denied
that they had either made overtures or
received proposals, but it is known, posi
tively that the plan Is under considera
tion. Caldwell Is acting independently,
and does not represent either the manu
facturers or the men. • ¦•
No expression from him was obtainable
and no line on the terms that have been
considered can be had. It is believed here
that under certain circumstances the con
tending sides could be brought together
and a settlement effected, but whether
such will come to pass remains to be seen.
Makes Significant Statement.
President Shaffer in a significant state
ment made at noon to-day said that per
sonally he was for peace, and that he" was
fighting only because he was on the de
fensive and forced to fight.
Meantime the contest between the two
great interests is being waged with vigor
and slightly varying fortunes. The steel
corporation seemed to be somewhat
stronger at the lower Union Mill of the
Carnegie Company in this city, although
the strikers are still working hard to
cripple or close it. The corporation also
added to the force at Wellsville, and an
nounced that at last it had the plant run
ning to its full capacity. It had been an
ticipated that the day would show some
move on the part of the American Tin
Plate Company toward opening one or
more of its plants with non-union men,
but nothing was done, and there were no
attempts at extensions in other direc
tions.
Three hundred men employed at the
seamless tube plant at McKeesport, an
auxiliary of the National Tube Company,
threw down their tools and joined the
strikers. It is said they quit because they
would not handle non-union made mate
rial. During the day the strikers kept a
close watch on the plants that are being
operated with non-union men and also
kept alert pickets around the Carnegie
plants and the works that are completely
closed down.
There were few developments, nnd ex
cept in the instances enumerated there
have been no changes in the general situ
ation. Good order was general through
out all the strike districts. President
Shaffer and his associates had a busy day
at strike headquarters. They were on
hand early, and -with a "dead line" that
kept the third floor of the BIssell block
clear of all intruders went into conference
with the man who is believed to be Cald
well. who has come •into the breach with
a peace plan.
President Shaffer did not appear until
shortly after noon, when he made a
statement to the newspaper men as fol
lows:
I will say officially the Amalgamated Asso
ciation has submitted no proposition to the
ettel corporation, nor has the steel corpora
tion offered any proposition to the Amalga
mated Association- We have not heard from
the corporation officially fclnce our last con
ference in' New TTork. I will say, however,
that certain men are interfering in this matter
and Interfering with our fight. They had bet
ter keep out of it or they will get the worst
of 1U Personally I wish the fight were settled,
but now that we are forced into a ' fight and
called upon to defend Ourselves, w.e are fight
ing on successfully. I know of no plan for a
settlement and can assure you that no repre
sentative of the steel corporation has been to
the headquarters. The statement in a morn
ing paper that there is a movement to depose
BOTH SUES COMMIT i f ATfl 0 CITIES
power. Besides fishing apparatus each
vessel will have a complete electric plant,
consisting of a dynamo connected with a
iVr w type of petroleum engine, placed near
the main engine, thi3 permitting one en
"? ine " to run them both; a portable naval
searchlight projector to be used in pick
ing up buoys; six naval portable deck arc
lamps for illumination; lamps about the
deckhouse and hold and a storage battery
to operate the sparking apparatus on all
the engines.
Wood is the material to be used in the
boats because it deadens the noise of ma
chinery and lessens the vibrations due to
them. Each vessel will be seventy-flve
feet long, twenty-three feet beam and will
draw about six feet of water. They are
being constructed by the Naval Electric
Company of New York, with which
Messrs. Hall and Burdick are connected.
While they were students in the Sheffield
scientific school at Tale the invention was
tested by the United States Government
and by wrecking companies.
REBEL COLONEL
NOW A PRISONER
Martin Cabrera Captured
by Lieutenant Grant
in Batangas.
Captain Policarpio, a lieutenant and five
men from the Sixth Company of Malvar's
command also surrendered to Colonel
Baldwin, refusing at the same time pay
ment for their rifles and revolvers, saying
that they surrendered for peace and not
for money.
Lieutenant Evans reports that ho has
not seen nor heard of any insurgents re
cently on the island of Mindoro. He re-
ports burning a camp, however, and the
capture of thirty tons of rice. He says
the people in the valley of Naujan reside
in the richest farming country of the isl
ands. The district is thickly settled and
plentifully supplied with cattle and rice.
General Chaffee is greatly pleased by
these reports from the province of Batan
gas and the island of Mindoro.
The United States Philippine Commis
sion was prevented by the weather from
landing at Iba, province of Zambales, and
arrived at San Fernando, province of
Union, to-day. The Commissioners met
with an enthusiastic reception. Joaquin
Oriegas has been appointed Governor. -
The residents of that province are
unanimous as to the advisability of estab
lishing a civil government in that dis
trict.
The commission left San Fernando thl3
evening.
MANILA, Aug. 15.— Second Lieutenant
Walter S. Grant of the Sixth Cavalry,
while scouting with a detachment near
Taal, Batangaa province, has made what
the military authorities consider to be the
most important capture sine© Aguinaldo
was made prisoner. Grant captured Col
onel Martin Cabrera, his adjutant and six
other insurgents. Cabrera had been grow
ing in power for some time. He controlled
all the insurgents in Southern Batangas
and also those westward of the city of
Batangas.
Colonel Panganiban, a captain and
twenty men with twenty-six rifles and
considerable ammunition have surren
dered to Lieutenant Smith of the Twen
tieth Infantry near Luzos. They formed
a portion of General Malvar's command.
After taking the oath of allegiance they
were released.
Loses Idf e in a Swift Current.
REDDING, Aug. 15.— Owen Murphy,
who had been employed as a rock driller,
blacksmith and general worker on the
Trinity Copper Company's •works near
Kenhett, was drowned Wednesday after
noon in Little Sacramento River. With
two companions Murphy started on a
camping expedition, and stopped for a
swim. While his friends watched him ha
suddenly clutched at a rock and waa
swept down the swift current.
PETALUMA. Aug. 15.— The most nota
ble auction sale ever held m Sonoma
County took place here to-day when nine
business blocks of the "William P. Hln
shaw estate were sold by the administra
tors. The sale was participated in by a
large crowd of buyers. It netted $65,000.
Petaluma Business Blocks Sold.
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated Association
Is Strongly for Peace and Is Fighting Only
on the . Defensive. V ¦ ', •
Invention of Two Yale University Graduates Will
Soon Be Put in Operation Off the
Coast of California.
SUBMARINE ARC LIGHTS
REVOLUTIONIZE FISHING
EFFORTS ARE AGAIN MADE
TO SETTLE STEEL STRIKE
ILLNESS OF TIVO LI SONGBIRDS
HARASSES THE MANAGER'S SOUL
"Doc" Leahy Worries Himself III Trying to Get Politini to Substi
tute for G)IIamarini ; Who Has Toothache*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16; 1901.
2
beer is the beer of civiliza- W)/\
tion. Go to any part of the fay,
earth where mankind values g^l
purity, and you will find |ji|
Schlitz beer is the recognized Bhjl
pure beer. |JLJ
For fifty years the Schlitz leg
agencies have followed K»gj4
white men's conquests. - HY7J
~| They are twenty years old f/(M
in South Africa. Ifir^l
Schlitz beer was famous in j&jsl
Siberia before a railroad was gKj
thought of. r}*\
When Japan and China raS
first began to awake, Schlitz K3|
beer was advertised in their |p9
newspapers. ly/j
Almost as soon as Dewey bfJ
captured Manila 216 car- iggj
loads of Schlitz were sent Jara
Today Schlitz agencies so LJU
dot the globe that when it is KM
midnight at one it is noon- §&£
day at another. . HQ*
The quality by which IJjJ
Schlitz beer has won distinc- gtgH
tion has been its absolute g|g
purity. Every physician the S^
world over will recommend £N
Schlitz, the beer that made g«j
Milwaukee famous. £n
I The Beer pi
CivilizationBrush. Fires Destroy Fences.
Santa Clara County the Locality
Where a Hindu School Has
Been Established.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 15.— Swaml Abbedanan
da, a distinguished Hindu teacher and
philosopher from New York, is in this
city for a few days after a visit to a
school of his disciples who dwell In a
retreat In a pretty spot back "of Mount
Hamilton. The school is under th£ di
rect charge of a friend and disciple of
his. The pupils are American and Eng
lish, fourteen in number, who have been
attracted to take up their dwelling there
and study the philosophy known aa Ve
dantaism.
DISCIPLES OF SWAMI
. IN A MOTTUrTATN" RETSEAT
NORFOLK.. Va., Aug. IS.— The resolu
tions committee of th« Democratic State
Convention, after being out forty-eight
hours, presented Its report at 6 o'clock to
night. . '
Tho platform deals largely with State
Issues. The first plank reads: .
' The Democrats of the State of Virginia. In
convention assembled, reaffirm their allegiance
and unfaltering devotion to the National Dem
ocratic party and declare their admiration for
its leaders, from Jefferson to Bryan, who hava
borne the party standards in victory and de-
The trust plank follows:
We declare unalterable opposition to the
criminal trusts and to every illegal combination
of -capital. We denounce such trusts aa a se
rious menace to public welfare, restricting the
opportunities and absorbing the substance o'
the people. They are the direct product of par
tial and unjust legislation, and a reckless mul
tiplication of corporations without suitable pro
visions for their control. The rights of Amer
ican freemen must not be sacrificed in the
interests of corpora tions banded, tosether for
their destruction. "We Srralgrn the Republican
party for both its failure to enforce existing
laws and to enact laws against the trusts.
The concluding plank of the platform la
a declaration in favor of
The principle of the selection of party can
didates by primary election, believing this to
be the surest method of arriving at the will of
the people and maintaining democratic insti
tutions. "We accordingly direct the State Cen
tral Corrmittee to provide a primary election
for the choice of party- candidates for th»
United States Senate and for all elective State
offices, and for members of the House of Rep
resentatives of the United States ; for mem
bers of the General Assembly, and for county
and municipal officers, except where no party
nominations are made, and in the case of
county and municipal officers where for several
reasons the county officials shall deem it in
expedient.
The ticket was completed by the nomi
nation of Major William Anderson of
Rockbridge for Attorney General.
The convention adjourned to-night.
Convention Adjourns After
Declaring, Its Admiration
for Bryan.
Virginia Democrats Deal
With Them in Their
' 1 Party Platform.
DENUNCIATION
OF THE TRUSTS
NANAIMO. Aug. 15.— In spite of the
brave efforts of his. brother, aged 14
years, to. rescue him, '10-year-old Geprge
Fielding was drowned in the Nanaimo
River to-day, where his uncle perished -a
year ago.
Child Tries to Save Brother.
PORT LOS. ANGELES, Aug. 15.— The
collier Mineola cleared to-day under ; diffi
culties. .All union men on board were or
dered to quit this, morning. Eight men
promptly went ashore. After some trouble
the captain t succeeded in filling- their
places." Later in the day the; bark. Tidal
Wave left . without ; Interference.
Union Men Leave the Mineola.
VALLEJO, Aug- 15.— The attempt of ah
amateur electrician to. take a light from
the wires 'of the . electric ' company • Wed
nesday evening caused the burning out
of one of the company's large transform
ers. At Dillons Point it caused the blow
ing out of the fuses at the electric light
works, and also -the extinguishing of the
lights in this city and Benicia.
Amateur Stops Lighting Current.
SEATTLE, Aug. 15.— An important
jneeting of the lumber manufacturers and
wholesalers operating on the Pacific
Coast and "Northwest was held here to
day. It was called as a result of the pro
posed action of the Western trunk lines
in advancing . f relght\ rates on lumber
and shingles. The proposed advance Is
at the rate of 3 cents a hundred on lines
east . of Chicago and St. Paul. . On con
tracts, already made a heavy loss would
fall -upon the lumber manufacturers In
this section of the United States should
the proposed rates be put In force.
At the meeting the proposition was dis
cussed and. a resolution adopted that a
telegram be' sent to the various lines con
cerned in ; the - change, protesting against
such an advance. . ,...-
to Refrain From Changing a
" Schedule.
Western Trunk Lines Will Be Asked
LTTMBERMEN PROTEST
AGAINST ':, RATE , . ADVANCE
It, is said that a railroad official was so
mortified when a maid from the aristo
cratic suburb of South Park, just above
the tide flats, reported. that a conductor
had attempted to flirt with her and that
a woman "spotter" was immediately put
to work. When the "spotter" got through
work flirting 1 had been eradicated . and
there were twelve new .conductors at
work. . .-¦ .
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 15.— If a pretty
girl looks at a Seattle street car conductor
nowadays she receives a regular ice
man's glance. The days of the glad hand
and reciprocal smile are past — burled , in
the grave with the official heads of
twelve conductors who were really too
giddy for a great corporation like the Se
attle Electric Company., -v
cessive Gallantry.
Have Been Dismissed for Ex-
Twelve Ticket-Takers Reported to
SEATTLE CONDUCTORS
INCUR- WOE FOR FLIRTING
- BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 15.— A terrible
cloudburst occurred late this afternoon at
Tehachapi. doing an immense amount of
damage. All connections by wire, tele
phone and telegraph are severed and it is
impossible to obtain particulars. Four or
five washouts resulted and the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe Railroad trains are
detained here until the track is in shape
for traffic. Crews of men are at work
repairing the damage. It is reported that
twenty inches of rain fell in half an hour
PHOENIX. Aug. 15.— A heavy rain of
half an hour's duration occurred at Mesa
City, eighteen miles east of here, late
this- afternoon, which was accompanied
by a heavy- fall of hail, an unusual occur
rence in this region. The hall was large
and Irregular In form. , The wind broke
down trees and unroofed small buildings
A washout on the Maricopa and Phoenix
road at the north bank of the.Gila River
threatens the bridge and passengers and
mall are transferred. It is' feared the
bridge will go to-night The indications
are -for more rain.
Trains Await Repairing of the
Tracks.
Several Washouts Are Reported and
CLOUDBURST DESTROYS
WIRES AT TEHACHAPI
Santa Cruz Natives Busy.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 15.— The Native
Eons of jjanta Cruz have made great
preparations for the Admission day cele
bration at San Jose. They have char
tered a train and will conduct a big ex
cursion. The Naval Reserves are to at
ter.d the celebration and will participate
in the uarade.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 15.— It is re
ported' here in. railroad circles that the
coast line will be reopened for through
business in the middle of September.
Trackmen are now laying heavy rails at
Saticoy and the work will be completed
as far north as Ventura by the end of the
month, which will practically fit the line
for through traffic. The coast line has
been thoroughly tested lately by the run
ning of heavy freight trains with as many
as forty cars of Oxnard sugar. With the
eighty-pound rails laid into Ventura the
line from San Francisco to Los Angeles
¦will have been refitted.
Coast Line to !Ba Reopened.
• The next day she sent the two oldest
children to the home of her husband's
parents in an express wagon, saying she
would follow with the baby. Since then
no trace of her has . been found and de
tectives can find no clew to her where
abouts. Her husband declares their ro
lations have always been pleasant and re
fuses to credit the idea that she may have
eloped. He Is, Inclined to think that "th«
heat of the desert at Indio has unsettled
her mind. Her pass from Indio was also
good from here to Sacramento but the
railway authorities declare the "pass from
here to Sacramento has not been used
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— The relatives
of Mrs. Charles Hughes, wife of the rail
way section boss at Indio, are much exer
cised over her mysterious disappearance
in this city two weeks ago. She came to
Lbs Angeles with her three children to
pay a visit to her own> and her husband's
relatives. Her relatives failed to meet her
at the train and she went to a lodElntr
house for the night. g k
by Her Mysterious Actions
in Los Angeles.
I Relatives of Indio Resident Puzzled
SENDS CHLLDItKN" AWAY
AND TH KIT DISAPPEARS
For two days the company kept the wire
hot in an endeavor to purchase a permit
owned by Robert Lowe, a liquor dealer
of White Horse, who formerly operated
a saloon In Dawson. Lowe would not sell
his permit, though he was offered a very
large sum to even permit its temporary
use. Lowe told friends of the matter, and
in this manner* the story of the great ef
fort being made by the Northern Com
mercial' Company to save its wet goods
first became public.
The shipment consisted chiefly of case
goods, which were shipped from San
Francisco to St. Michael in June. It was
sent up the river on the steamer Sarah.
A great deposit of sulphur has been
found in the Skeena River, Brltishr Co
lumbia, above the Kitsilo3 canyon. There
is reason to believe that the Puget Sound
country and possibly the entire Pacific
Coast will hereafter be supplied from this
source. A number of Victoria men have
secured control of the deposit.
The existence of sulphur beds was told
to Peter Herman, a British Columbia
salmon canner, who organized the syn
dicate to develop them. The steamer
Mocking Bird of Tacoma has been pur
chased to transport the sulphur down the
Skeena River to a point wnere the Vic
toria-bound steamers can pick it up. The
Victoria Chemical Works,, one of the
largest users of sulphur in the North
west, imports large shipments from South
America every year.
TACOMA, Aug. 15. — Dawson telegrams
received at Skaguay state that 10,000 gal
lons of liquor which the Northern Com
mercial Company of San Francisco ship
ped up the river without first securing a
permit to land it has been seized by the
officials at Dawson and will be confis
cated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Union Fishermen's Company, 25,000- Co
lumbia River Packers' Association, 100 -
000; George W. Sanborn, 22,500; A. Booth
24,000; Pillar Rock Packing Company 22
000: J. G. Megler, 15,000: F. M. Warren,
Cathlamet, 11,000; F. M. Warren, Cas
cades, 7500; McGowan & Sons, Chinook,
14,000; McGowan & Sons, Cascades "7500"
Seufert, The Dalles, 6000. Total, 254 500 '
The cold storages handled 2700 tons of
fish, equivalent to 83,000 cases. The pack
ers paid out for raw material about $1,200 -
00d, 21,950,000 pounds of fish In all being
handled. In anticipation of a big run
hereafter, due to hatchery work, new can
neries will be built for next season.
The run was without precedent, but the
scarcity of labor made it impossible for
the packers to take more than one-third
the fish that' might have been offered
This line. run continued for eleven days
and then gradually fell off. During the
run fishermen made as high as $200 in a
single night. The pack of the canneries
is as follows:
ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 15.— One of the
most remarkable salmon fishing seasons
in the history of the Columbia River came
to a close at 12 o'clock to-night Esti
mates of the pack differ slightly, but a
carefully compiled statement shows that
it has been 254,500 cases. This does not
Include the salmon handled by the cold
storages. Up to July 20 not to exceed
75,000 cases of fish had been packed
The scarcity of salmon from the open
ing of the season to the date named was
alarming and packers and fishermen alike
expected the- season to be a dismal fail
ure. On the night of July 19 a great run
of fish entered the river. The fish were
of unequaled quality and size and on the
morning of July 20 every packing house
and cold storage was blocked. Marked
fish told the story of the great results
from hatchery .work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Columbia Season Closes
- With Remarkable
;'• Results.
"T •— — r ¦
Ten Thousand Gallons
of Liquor Stopped
at Dawson.
SALMON CATCH
BREAKS RECORD
Woman Hangs Herself
While in Room With
Daughter.
SAN JOSE,. Aug. 15.— The members of
the Prune Association will have a divi
dend without an order of the court. To
day the directors In session set aside $300,
000 to be apportioned immediately among
the, members of the association pro rata.
This makes a total of $1,484,000 that has
been paid the members on the 1300 crop.
The present prospects are the brightest
since the association was formed. Twen
ty-six cars of prunes were shipped to
day and the orders were scattered, show
ing that the demand for the prunes is
general. They were sold on the 314 cent
rate and the directors give it as their
opinion that there will be no trouble in
selling all now on hand at this price
before the time for delivery of the grow
ing crop. ,. • ...
The money ordered apportioned comes
as the result of the large sales made
three weeks ago on the 3 cent basis. The
price of green prunes and fresh peaches
and -apricots is going up every day. The
directors have been able at this 1 session to
settle all vital differences between them
selves and the packers, so there will be
no delay in the movement of the prunes
on hand. Unsettled points of dispute re
main, but they are not such as affect the
sales and delivery of the fruit. This will
be good news to the growers as well as
the information of the dividend, for they
are sadly in need of money with which
to move the growing crop.
Sneclal Dispatch to The Call.
The unfortunate woman evidently
awoke during the nisrht and securing the
napkin had wrapped it around her bed
post and fastened it with a safety-pin
¦when she placed her head through the
rioose and rolled out of bed, strangling
<*© eta t h.
This morning when Mrs. Cole knocked
on Mrs. Templeton's door to wake her
for breakfast there was no -response, and
on looking over the transom she was seen
hanging from the bedpost.
Help was at once summoned and the
sleeping child was awakened. She knew
nothing of her mother's death and as she
opened the door was taken outside.-
Mrs. Templeton had been a confirmed
invalid for many months and subject to
fits of depression! Last evening she was
noticed to be in better spirits than usual,
and when Mrs. Morris left her she was
quite cheerful and showed her a copy of
a telegram that she expected to send her
husband. Her "companion, an elderly
woman, Mrs. Cole, retired to her room
adjoining when the child .was in bed
asleep in the mother's room.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— In a fit of
despondency Mrs. R. Y. Templeton hanged
herself In her room at the home of Mrs.
Morris, where she had been living for the
past two years and a half. Her dead
body was found this morning suspended
by a napkin from the bedpost Death had
resulted several hours previously, but so
silently had the deed been done that the
eight-year-old daughter of the dead
woman, who slept in a single bed in the
room, knew nothing about It
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara County As
sociation Members
in Luck.
OFFICERS SEIZE
THE WET GOODS
yi-^yOBERT EASTON. five years of
I -jl age. who lives with his parents
K«; at Twenty-third and Florida
IL^^ streets, was accidentally shot and
wounded yesterday by Otto
Young, 13 years old. The bullet, which
was fired from a 22-caliber parlor rifle,
was extracted by Dr. Maher at. the City
and County Hospital, where the tiny pa
tient is now confined.
The rifle was the property of S. Mariani,
a hardware dealer, doing business at 2S79
Twenty-third street. Mariani uses a va
cant lot at the corner of Twenty-third
and Florida streets and opposite his store
as a poultry yard. Vagrant cats, rats of
vicious disposition and doves with healthy
appetites have of late made heavy in
roads on his chickens and chicken feed.
Otto Young came into his store yesterday
morning and Informed him of the appear
ance near a flock of newly hatched chick-
Robert's screams notified the marksman
that his bullet had found, an unexpected
billet. Otto dropped the rifle— and carried
his baby victim to his home near by.
From there .Robert was moved to the
hospital,, where the bullet was removed
and the wound attended to. Otto is very
penitent and Mariani will leave no more
loaded rifles -within, reach of juvenile rat
hunters. >¦
This, however, Marlani denies. When
he was busy with his customers, he says,
Otto picked up the loaded weapon and sal
lied forth on his; own account. He did
not know, he declares, that the youngster
had the gun until told that little Easton
had been bowled over by ( one of the bul
lets intended for the big rat.
At any rate, Otto stationed himself in
the vacant lot- and had been there but a
short time when he found occasion to pull
the trigger. Robert Easton was playing
in the street with some other little fel
lows and was unfortunate enough to lo
cate himself in the line of fire. The bul
let struck him In the back and penetrated
quite a distance. , : .
Mrs. Young says that the hardware
dealer delegated to Otto the work of pro
tecting the chicken yard, gave him the
rifle and told him to spare neither cat,
rat nor dove. <.
ens of a big rat. Marlanl loaded the .par
lor rifle, but was obliged to postpone the
routing of the rodent until he had waited
on several customers. - .
CHILD SLEEPS,
MOTHER DIES
1 REDDING, Aug. 15.— Two hundred car
loads of steel have already been carried
into the Sacramento Canyon for use in re
placing: all iron bridges. So reports T. S.
Edingpr, who is in charge of the riveting
plant at Sims for the Southern Pacific
Company. Edinger says the work is pro
gressing well and that he now has facili
ties for a bridge span each day, which is
fast work.
Bridges "Will Be of SteeL
UNLUCKY SMALL BOT WHO RE
CEIVED THE BULLET INTEND
ED FOR A LARGE RAT.
contractor and builder, had several fingers
cut off his left hand this afternoon by a
buzz saw In Simpson & Roberts' planing
mill. A year ago to-day the boy's father
met with a similar mishap.
Lad Suffers Accident Similar to One
of Which His Father Was a
Victim.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 15.— Philip Simp
son, son of "W. B. Simpson, a well-known
BUZZ-SAW CUTS AWAY
THE FINGEBS OF A BOY
¦ SALINAS,*,Aug. 15.— Thomas Hart, a
barber employed at Paraiso Springs, has
been missing * since August 1. .. On that
day he purchased a pistol at Gonzales and
told friends- that he was. tired of life and
would soon end his troubles.
Barber May Have 'Ended Life.
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 15.-The
boiler on engine 2190 of the Southern Pa
cific road exploded last evening. Head
Brakeman Johnson was probably fatally
injured and Engineer McCarty and Fire
man Cole were badly burned.
The accident occurred between Bloom
ington and the San Sevalne switch. The
east-bound through freight, drawn by one
of the largest engines of the Mogul pat
tern, was pulling to reach Colton ahead
of the Los Angeles and Riverside passen-
Kn.™ n i TJ 1^, 1 the least earning the
boiler exploded, blowing out the front end
of the engine, but without either the en
gine or any of the cars leaving the track.
At the time of the explosion the heal
brakeman was in the cab with Engineer
Mccarty and the fireman, and all three
sprang to the ground. The brakeman and
engineer were very badly injured and the
fireman escaped with severe but It is
thought not dangerous burns from the es
caping steam and water.
The clothing was cut from the engineer
and the brakeman and showed that they
were terribly scalded, most severely from
the waist down. They were deluged in oil
to counteract the effects of the burns as
far as possible and wrapped up in blan
kets. Although suffering excruciating
agony, they bore up unflinchingly and
scarcely a groan escaped them. The fire
man was also attended to, but he had
been fortunate and partially escaped the
dreadful steam and boiling water into
¦which his companions were plunged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLENTIFUL COIN
FOR PRUNE MAN
The reason for his self-destruction is a
mystery and he left no message to ex
plain it. The deceased was well dressed,
wore jewelry and had $15 in his pocket.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— Lying in an
unfrequented spot in East Lake Park tha
body of E. D. Bright, a surveyor, was
found this morning by two small boys.
Near the body was a revolver, with which
Bright had shot himself probably two
hours before, as at that time a pistol-shot
had been heard in the neighborhood.' TIjct
suicide. had purchased the pistol and a box
of cartridges early this morning. ¦ He was
about 40 years of age and came here from
Trinidad. Colo!, two months ago. . ¦
Money Kills Himself in Los
Angeles. :
Well Dressed Man With Jewelry and
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
SUICIDE IN THE SOUTH
The deceased was the son • of Mrs. ' An
nie Pihl, a widow, and was 25 years of
agre. It is reported that he had z. love
affair and conjecture has it that some up
setting of his plans made him . despond
ent. . . .
Early yesterday morning the mystery
was' solved by one of the threshers, who
was walking through the 'stubble field a
short ¦ distance from Mrs; ' Pihl's home,
when he discovered the body of the miss-
Ing man.. The top of the; skull was torn
off and. by the side of the~-body lay a re
volver, with one shell discharged. -¦ Ap
pearances indicated that he had, been
dead for some time, and it was not be
lieved that there was any foul play con
nected with the case. . .
Monday night approaching the mother
became uneasy and asked the neighbors if
they had seen anything of the young man.
About this time some of the threshing
crew made inquiries of ; her as to the
whereabouts of her son, but nothing could
be learned in regard to him.
According to the testimony- young Pihl
was last seen alive Sunday evening. He
had' been, working with Talbott &. Bar
low's threshing crew and Sunday went to
,the home of his mother near Deep Wells.
After donning his best clothes he told
his mother -that he was going to see his
sweetheart. He did not .return Sunday
night, but ¦ this, caused iio alarm, as ¦ it
was supposed by the mother that he had
tarried overnight at the home of his
friend.
SALINAS, Aug. 15.— Coroner H.V;Mul
ler was called to Deep Wells, four miles
from Chualar, yesterday afternoon, to
conduct an inquest over the remains of
Ed Pihl of that place, who is believed to
have. committed suicide Sunday night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leaves Home to Visit His
Sweetheart, and Soon
Ends His Life.
Front of Engine Blown Out
and Boiling Water . '
Escapes.
If acquitted of the charge now. pending
Fegan will become a Government prisoner
immediately. If convicted he will be ar
rested and tried on the desertion charge
when, he leaves the penitentiary. The ex
treme penalty for desertion is forty years'
Imprisonment., - ...
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— General S. M.
B. Yoting, commander of the Department
of California," has issued orders that a
careful investigation be made into the
case of John Fegan, alias Rube Thomp
son, the young colored soldier in the
County Jail awaiting trial on a charge of
stealing a bicycle." Fegan confessed to
Sergeant Demmer of the local recruiting
station that he is a deserter and that for
more than a year he was a soldier in the
ranks of the Filipinos, fighting against
his country. Last April he deserted from
the insurgent army, stowed away aboard
the transport Tartar and arrived in- San
Francisco June 29. \ .:
les Makes Some Damaging
Admissions.
SAYS HE DESERTED
TO AID THE FILIPINOS
Colored Soldier in Jail at Los Ango-
CALL BUREAU, ! 1406, G STREET,
,N. W., WASHINGTON, Aug.
15.— Rear Admiral i Schley will be
in Washington 'i to-morrow for
- consultation -, with his attorneys
on; his case for the court of Inquiry next
month.- He will be represented by former
Judge Jeremiah . M.' Wilson of this ¦ city.
Another, of his attorneys will be Attorney.
General Isldor Rayner of Maryland.- As
sociated .with these two gentlemen is
Captain James Parker of Souih Amboy,
N. J., formerly- an officer in the navy.
Captain Parker has already familiarized
himself with the documentary evidence,
and with this knowledge and the advice
of Rear Admiral Schley the course to be
pursued before the court of inquiry, will
be mapped out at to-morrow's conference.
¦ ¦¦ •¦ - " ¦ ¦ v ¦ ¦ " y :
Rear Admiral Sampson has not yet been
notified to hold himself in readiness to
appear before the court of inquiry. It is
certain that Rear Admiral Sampson will
be called if his physical condition is such
as to make it possible for him to appear.
If the judge advocate general does not ask
to have him summoned Rear Admiral
Schley's counsel will insist on his appear
ance. . They will endeavor to put him on
the defensive from the start. .
- It Is probable that the cojurt of Inquiry
will assemble in one of the new buildings
at the "Washington navy yard instead of
fn a -room at the Navy Department, as
was at first contemplated. A building is
just being completed at the navy yard
which will afford ample accommodations
to the court, representatives of newspa
pers and a considerable number of spec
tators.
Special Dispatch to Tie Call.
Mystery Shrouds , Cause
for a Young Man's
Death.
Explosion of a 'Locomo
tive Injures Three
Persons.
Will Insist on the Rear Admiral's Presence at the
Coming Court -of Inquiry.
SUICIDE LAID
AT LOVE'S DOOR
STEAM SCALDS
THE TRAINMEN
SCHLEY'S COUNSEL TO PUT
SAMPSON ON THE DEFENSIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALtv FRIDAY, At)GUST 16; 1901.
Little Robert Easton Stops the Bullet That Otto
/ Young Fires at a Poultry-Loving Rat.
PROTECTS THE CHICKENS
AND SHOOTS A PLAYMATE
REDDING, Aug. 15.— The forest and
brush fires which have raged throughout
the county since the beginning of the
long continued dry season have done
much damage. The latest big fire 'South
of Kennett, along the Upper Stillwater
and down that stream, proved very de
structive, and only the strenuous efforts
of residents prevented much greater loss.
A public road from this city southward
to the county line is flanked by a burn
ed over area. A part of the fence sur
rounding the County Hospital grounds
was destroyed. The railroad company has
lost considerable fencing.
3
Our sale of good, up=to=date cloHiing
makes your dollars do double du^y
Our workshops have over-produced— we increased our output consider-
ably, thinking that w.e would have even more" than. our usual big summer and fall
trade. We, of course, did not foresee the present labor controversy, which'has
affected business all over the city. As a result the store is daily receiving large
shipments from our workshops— these goods are piled high on our counters |
We cannot keep ahead of the workshops if we sell these goods at their,
regular or intended prices— we will be overstocked and crowded for room.
To overcome these difficulties — to keep the aggregate of sales up — 'o keep
the store busy—to dispose of- these new goods,, we have reduced the prices
regardless of profits..
Suits, made up recently in our own workshops to sell at $i2.£o and $i£.oo,
have been marked at $7.85. Overcoats, made to sell at $10.00, are reduced
to $6.45» Trousers worth #£00 are priced $1.85. This is all good, up-to-date
clothing, well made and fully guaranteed.
This sale is most opportune— comes at a time when a saving is appre-
ciated by the customer. He must - make .his dollars count. This is the store
where his dollars will do double duty.
If any customer does not think that the clothes are worth the former
-prices (regardless of the selling. prices) , he can have his money back instantly.
You can beiieve what we say .when we take the risk of your liking the clothes.
Suits Box Coats Pants I
¦¦tv ¦§¦'¦¦ *P^*45 *PI*O5
More Odds and Ends in Boys' Suits I
¦ : - ----- - -• . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • v>- ¦'--¦-•
This will no doubt be the last sale of odds and ends- in- boys' suits for 1
quite a while. \ We are cleaning out everything in incomplete sizes and stvles of \
every lot. These odds and ends comprise sailors, vestees, Norfolks, Russian \
blouses"and two-piece suits, formerly selling from $400 to $8.00. Each i\i\t is j 1
now priced at*
Boys' fine madras golf shirts, Mzes 12 to 1 3I; special for one week, 50c each.
Boys' neckwear— newest effects in imperials and grenadine Windsors, !
¦ • 25c each. . ;
- Boys' blue derby ribbed fleece lined underwear, 50c a suit.
Boys' wash suits at' closing out prices— extremely cheap. !
Extra value n ; boys'- golf caps, 25c each.
. J \ All boys' straw hats worth from 7£c to $2 00 reduced to 45c, j
ways prove inter- \^j f^l* JwW« If B »1 5 fy) m fj If* us f0F an^ hin ? ln
estinp;, whether you V*^ / ¥^ \jr B*^r \m/ 23 men's orboys' cloth-
• need elothesr hats •* T * ' ¦¦ *•*? ... Ing; furnishings or jj
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. hats - k
1 ~ — — " W
AD VEBTISE3HENTS.
Nobody ever will sell a good
thing more wisely.
Fels-Naptha soap at your gro-
cer's; your money back if you
want it. .
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 8 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
Tha^oet "wonderful aphrodlBiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexe«.
L Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
t «.™«nd Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
ta Market et., S. F.-(Send for Circulars.)SHAMROCK II, THE NEW CHALLENGER FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP, AND THE GENIAL IRISH SPORTSMAN
WHO OWNS THE YACHT. EXPERTS WHO EXAMINED THE BOAT AT NEW YORK YESTERDAY BE
LIEVE SHE IS A GREAT BOAT AND HAS A CHANCE OF DEFEATING THE CONSTITUTION.
A comparison of the scores with which
the cup has been won shows a great im
provement in the quality of the play, for
in 1SP9 Miss Alice Moffltt won with g. score
of 122; Miss Caro Crockett's score last
year was 115, which this year was beaten
by Mrs. Brown, Miss Crockett and Mrs.
H. H. Sherwood and equaled by, Miss
Alice Hager. Some of the improvement
in the. scores may be due to pie course
and greens being in better condition, but
part at least may fairly be attributed to
the increased skill of the fair golfers. The
and Mrs. H. H. Sherwood with Miss Edith
McBean. Mrs. Brown made the first hole
in 3 on the first round, while Miss Hager's
drive landed in the bunker, from which
she played back, but the hole cost her 8.
Miss Hager not Infrequently drove a long
er ball than Mrs. Brown, but her play
through the ' green was not ! so accurate,
and she had some hard luck in getting
into places where her ball was almost un
playable In thick grass or bushes. Miss
Crockett's card showed three eights, while
Mrs. Brown's had recorded on it only two
sevens. At the conclusion of the contest
the handsome silver loving cup was filled
with sparkling" wine and presented to tho
winner. It will adorn the San Rafael Golf
Club house for one month and will then be
sent back to Burlingame with the win
ner's name engraved on it.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— New York grot the
¦worst of a double-header with the Bostons to
day. The latter beat the home team In the
first game by consecutive battle;. . In the sec
ond contest, when it looked as though tho
New Yorks had a 'safe lead, the Bostons de
veloped a batting streak and tlefl the score.
It was called at the end of the eleventh In
ning on account of darkness. Attendance. 2900.
Score first game: \\
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3 11 '2
New Tork 2 8 0
Batteries— Pittlnger and Klttredge; Leitner
and Warner.
Second game-
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
New York 5 12 2
Boston .......1 4 5 13 0
Batteries — Matthewson and Warner: Nichols,
Moran .and Klttredge. Umpires— Emslle and
Smith.
i ST. LOUIS, Aug. 15.— The . St. Louis team
allowed Chicago to take tp-day's game through
ragared work in the ' field. Attendance, • 2700.
Score:
Clubs— R." H. E.
St. Louis v .2 10 - 3
Chicago * 9 \ l
Batteries— Powell and' Schrlver; Hughes and
Kllng. Umpires— O'Day and Brown.
I ' AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE,. Aug. 15.— The Cevelands de
feated Baltimore here this afternoon mainly
through tpoor fielding. by the local players. At
tendance, 1C15. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. * E.
Baltimore 6 8 5
Cleveland .".. 9 13 2
Batteries— Howell and Bresnahiin,;" Bracken
and "Wood. > .
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 15.— The home' team
¦won to-day's game from Milwaukee by oppor
tune hitting. Attendance, 1925. Score:
Clubs— R. ' H. • E.
Milwaukee" ; 4, 11 3
Philadelphia 6 9 4
Batteries— Hustings and Maloney; Wiltse and
Powers. '
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The Washington-
Detrolt same was postponed on account of
rain. ¦ ... - i -•.,/
¦ ? ¦ -
"The laying'on of hands as a curative
power is not new. Almost any old man
can remember when his mother practiced
the art.
St. Louis Does Some Bagged Work in
the Field and Is Beaten by
Chicago.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON" TAKES ANOTHER
GAME FROM NEW YORK
Fourth race, mile - dash, for four-year-olds
and upward— Whaleback, by imp. Duncombe-
Orange Leaf (Hobart), 115. won; Pongo (Tullett).
113. second: Twlnkler (Logue), 121, third. Time,
1:4315. Gold Baron and Boardman also ran.
To beat 2:31— Santa Rosa stock farm's Almo
reta, blk. m.. by L. "VV. Russell (Ramage). 2:29%.
To beat 2:31— Santa Rosa stock farm's Mo
ringa Kir.g, br. s., by McKlnney-Bye Bye (Ram
age), 2;25.
First race, running, handicap, five furlongs,
for three-year-olds and upward — Diamond, 4,
by Rathbone- Jennie L.Ind (Bunoug-hs), 110, won;
Grass, 4 (Slocum), 115, second; Peut Ktre, 3
(Tullett). 110, third. Time, 1:02. Pegalong and
Monterey also ran. .
Second race three-quarter mile dash — Mike
Rice (Tullett), 114. won; Catherine Bravo
(Logue). 105, second: Limber Jim (Hobart), 116,
third. Time, 1:14. Mountain Dew also ran.
" Third race, running, three furlongs, for those
previously beaten at the meeting— Corn Cake,,
by The Hero-Mattle Luck (Logue). 103. won : Bag
dad (McNIchols), 112, second; Pilot (Hobart),
119. third. Time, :35'/5. Doctor Hart also ran.
A decidedly Interesting finish marked
the second race, a three-quarter-rnile
dash. McL-aughlin's bay gelding. Mike
Rice, Tullett up, with a. bracket to his
credit from Monday's performance, had a
narrow escape from defeat by Catherine
Bravo, Eddie Carey's mtire, but by hard
work Tullett saved the day, coming under
the wire half a head in front in 1:14. The
bookies played Mike -Rice even, asked 3 to
5 on Limber Jim, Hobart's chestnut, and
gave 2 to 1 on Catherine Bravo. Just be
fore the start the Limber one got down
to an even thing.
The third race, a three-furlong dash lor
previous non-winners, went to Eddie
Carey's chestnut gelding Corn Cake, a
three-year-old, with Logue up. carrying
105 pounds. The gelding was played by
-the books for a winner at 5 to 3, but the
populace by a large majority chose Has
kell's Bagdad, a 4 to 1 shot, which looked
to have an excellent chance to win.
The latter got a bad start, however, and
barely missed losing the place, Hobart's
Pilot coming in at a pace that would have
closed up the gap inside of six feet had
the wire been that much further off.
The fourth and last sprint of the day
was a mile dash with five entries. Around
the last turn it was a procession and the
finish was between "Whitman's Whaleback
and Latta's Pongo. the former a 2 to 1
and the latter a 3 to 1 shot. Whaleback
finished first in 1:43%, with Pongo a hot
second. L. S. Young's bay gelding Twink
ler, which sold as the favorite at odd3 of
3 to 2, took third money.
To-morrow is Santa Rosa day .and the
prospects are that the attendance will be
way ahead of anything so far noted.
The banks and principal stores will close
1 in honor of the event. To-day was the
first time in the history of the local track
when the "bang-tails" had things all to
themselves. Following are the summaries:
The first event of the day was a five
furlong handicap with five entries. D.
Dunn's Pegalong sold at even money in
the betting, with Burrough's mare, Dia
mond, at the same figure just before the
start. Alviso rode Pegalong and Mc-
Nlchols was astride the mare.
The position taken at the start was
maintained ' all the way in, Diamond fin
ishing first in 1:02, with George Richard
son's Grass, a bay gelding, as his op
ponent. Pegalong made a hard try for
the show, but was beaten by Rector'3
Peut Ktre after a hot drive down the
stretch.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 15.-The attendance
at the race meet to-day was fully up to
that of yesterday and the betting was
lively. Preceding the regular card two of
the Santa Rosa trotting farm's horses
went an exhibition mile for new marks.
Almorta, a black mare, finished in 2:29'A
and Moringa King, by McKInney out of
Bye-Bye, put.hls. figure at 2:25. George
Ramage drove in both instances.
Notable Features for To-Day
When Holiday Events
. Occur.
Exciting Races on the
Track at Santa Rosa's
\ Meeting.
RAPID HORSES
CAPTURE HONORS
S*cond race, free-for-all pace, purse $1000—
ttoyal n. Sheldon won two straight heats in
2:04^, 2:06*i. "Connor and Indiana also started.
To h<?at 2:30— Mlrs Delmar, 2:2J'.i; Barnadlne.
2:29; Whiting. 2:2J.
2:1S pace, the Hudson River, pur«e $1300—
Au<inbon Boy won three Ptralpht hrats In 2-09
2:10'i. 2:13%. Cousin Madge, Lady Bayard and
Ed Brnnett also started.- • ¦-.
Summary of Pacing Events.
GLEXNS FALLS, N. Y.. Aug. 15.— Grand cir
cuit summary:
"Wallace Trophy in Oaklani:
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— The Wallace tro
»fcy was turned over to the captain of
3i<> new champion yacht Alert with ap
»roprlate ceremonies at the California
[acht Club's headquarters last- night,
.antaln E. F. Sagar of the defeated v cup
lefender Edna brought the trophy over
lrcm the home of the Corinthian Club,
rherc it has been kept for the three sca
tors during which the Edna has been
jjiampicn of the bay. Captain Frank V.
treece Accepted it for the Alert."
LIVERPOOL, • Aug.'r r 15— Th«* v J British
steamer Commonwealth ' sailed ' for Bos
ton to-day having on board the . Oxford-
Cambridge athletes who are to compete
with athletes from the Canadian univer
sities at: Montreal and; with;* a team at
"New," York, ; representing. . Harvard and
' Yale, i The Englishmen are all In good
condition and expect to come out- even
i in the Canadian contests, but- they are
somewhat: shaky in regard to - their
chances in the United States. v They- an
ticipate s that • the 'heat ' will affect their
prospects. r ¦ ;
English Athletes Sail for Boston.
In addition to the ladles already men
tioned as taking part in the 'competitions
there were present during the day Mrs.
Gus -Taylor, Mrs. Will Taylor,. Miss Fran
ces Hopkins, ! Mrs.; ;G. V : A'. Pope,": Mrs.
Frank;' Mrs. Eleanor Martin,-. Mountford
S. Wilson, T. P. Gower.R.'J. Woods,
Prescott Scott, Walter S. Martin and D.
full details are given in the table: ¦
After luncheon the ladles engaged In a
putting competition, two-balls on each of
three greens. Miss • Edith : McBean * won
with the excellent score of 14. Miss Caro
Crockett being second" with 15 and Mrs.
H: B H. Sherwood third with 16. Other
scores were as follows: Mrs. R. G. Brown,
18; Mrs. H. T. Scott, 18; Miss Carrie Tay
lor, Mrs. Howard and Mrs. J. B. Crockett.
19; Mrs. J. A. Robinson, Miss Hooker and
Mrs. Casserly, 20; Miss E. 'Taylor, 1 Mrs.
Walter Martin and Miss Suzanne Green,
21; Mrs. A. S. Tubbs, 23; Mrs. "Wilson and
Princess Poniatowski,* 26. ' Miss Georgle
Hopkins withdrew.
Mrs. ; R. Gilman Brown of San Rafael
fulfilled the hopes of her friends and veri
fied the predictions of the experts by win
ning the trophy ' by a*: margin of five
strokes, Mlsa Caro Crockett being, a very
gcod second. Mrs. Brown played steady,
good golf throughout, making hardly half
a dozen weak- strokes during the contest.
Her first-. round of 46 ¦ was tho best for
nine holes, though Miss Crockett's second
round In 48 Just beat Mrs. Brown's second
In 49. The fair contestants" went round
the course In couples, Mrs. "Walter Martin
being paired with' -Miss Caro Crockett,
Mrs. R. G. Brown with Miss Alice Hager.
south; Mrs. Frank Seymour, Mrs. Clem
ent Hull and Mrs. J. D. Foster were . all
conspicuous by their absence. Instead of
a round dozen of competitors there were
only -six contestants. In order, to' give
•late arrivals a chance the competition did
not begin till 10:30 in the morning; though
the local players were all on' hand an hour
sooner.
Mr?. Kluge-Sutro originally demanded
J23.000 and the Cliff House property, which
is valued at $l.V),000, but this demand was
not looked ur/on with favor by other
heirs. Reuben H. Lloyd, attorney for the
executors, of tho Sutro will, stated yester
day that If Mrs. Kluge-Sutro cared to
listen to reason the executors were willing
to settle and thus close a tedious litiga
tion.
Clara Kluge-Rutro's contest to the will
of the late Adnlph Sutro was continued
yesterday- morning by Judge Coffey for
two weeks. Before it is again called an
other-effort to compromise -Mrs. Kluge-
Sutro's claim v.ill be made.
She Must Make a Reasonable
' Demand.
Attorney for Executors States That
CLARA KLUGE SUTKO'S
CLAIM STILL UNSETTLED
Cr.ptain Haff • Anxious to Contest
With Sir Thoinas Lipton's
Yacht.
DrXET-RT, Mass., "Aug. J5.— In view of
the decision of the yacht clubs which a»-e
to bold races within the next two weeks
in which "the Conptitutiom and the Colum
bia are to contest, that the Independence
ta'&s not eligible for the events, C C
Dlapp, private secretary of Thomas' W.
lawson, owner of the Independence, was
tFked to-day concerning the future plar.s
pf the Boston boat. He said that there
pad been no new developments in con
nection with the Independence since the
recent statement .to the effect that If the
rnces were not arranged for his boat be
lore September 1 she would be broken up
Captain Ilaff of. the Independence haa
fteen visiting Mr. Clapp this wee!:. Uo
trrived herp Tuesday and remained until
japt night. The naturo of his errand was
tot disclosed. It Is understood that Cap
lain Ilaff did not intend Immediately to
return to Newport, where the Independ
ence is anchored, but that he started for
Kew York, wh**re possibly he might meet
Mr. Barrie. Sir Thomas Lipton's repre
sentative, for the purpose of talking over
the possibility of races between the Sham
?ock II and the Independence.
WOULD BACE INDEPENDENCE."
Last t Saturday Haywood, Gibson and
four or five others went to ; the : Olympic
Club grounds and I went with . them. -. I
was not to be known in the matter, and
handed the | $500 to Percy.; Davis, who
turned it over to a man who, was appoint
ed stakeholder. . I. don't know If any other
man. put- up any money with the.stake
holder. Haywood and Gibson stripped in
the building on the ¦ grotinds and soon
came to the scratch. The race was for
sixty yards and • Haywood- came 1 in first.
They went Into the building and I never
saw them, again. .1 asked two men who
held the tape who had won, and they told
me Hay wood. That was the only satis
faction I got." ¦ ;¦¦¦-• " .•¦. :' ¦¦
• "I had known Haywood and Gibson for
about three weeks," said Davis, "and all
the time they *vere at me to advance the
$a00 for a footrace between them. They
said, that they wanted,' me . to put the
money on Gibson and another man was to
back Haywood, who was to lose, and they
would give me the half of the $500 put up
by the other roan. I told them that I did
not have the money, but they .kept beg
ging me to put it up.- and I finally mort
gaged my house for $500. • • -
Davis made a complaint to Capta"in Sey
mour yesterday, and he was advised to
swear out a warrant for the arrest of the
men who swindled him, . charging grand
larceny by trick and device. The defend
ants are W. Haywood, an athletic trainer
at .the university; "John Doe" Gibson,
who lives' In San Leandro, and another
man, who was the stakeholder. The war
rant, was sworn' to before ¦ Judge - Ca
.baniss and was sent to Oakland to be
served upon the three defendants. •
• • •
'The old footrace trick was successfully
played upon C. N. Davis last Saturday at
the Olympic Club grounds, '. adjoining
Golden Gate Park, and Davis, now mourns
the loss of $500, to obtain which to bet
on the race he mortgaged his house at
5866 Fremont street, Golden Gate, Ala
meda County. . ¦ , ..' • , -
The third annual competition for the
Poniatowski cup on the links of the Bur
lingame Country Club yesterday was pro
ductive of ah interesting competition,
though it lacked ¦ the excitement that
wo-uld have been caused by the presence
of the contingent of ladles expected from
Southern California. Mrs. Jean .W. Bow
ers, the woman golf champion of the
Warrants Out for the Ar
rest of Three Con
spirators.
Mrs. R. G; Brown's Ac
curate Game Wins w
at Burlingame.
SACEAMENTO SHUT OUT.
Oakland Gathers in Four and the
Senators Get Nothing:.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.— Sacramento
was shut out to-day by a score of 4 to 0.
Dr. Mogkiman did the twirling for Oak
land and was bo effective that he only al
lowed two scattered hits. Stricklett for
Sacramento was not at himself, giving
seven men bases on balls and was found
safely for seven hits. Score:
OAKLAND. £
ball. .».
' SACRAMENTO
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 2 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 10004200 •— 7
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Ease hits 0 0 0 0 10 0 1 0—2
SUMMARY. -
Runs responsible for— Ptrlcklett 2. Two-base
hit— Urennan. Sacrifice hit— Francks. First
base on errors — Oakland 1. Sacramento 4. First
base on palled balls — Off Moskiman 2, off
Stricklett 7. Left on ba;=es— Oakland S, Sac
ramento 7. Struck out— By Moskiman 2, by
Stricklett 2. Doiibic plays— Ptreib. unassisted":
Hanlon.- unassisted. Time of game — 1:40. Um
pire — Graves. - ; . »
was comparatively clean.
The Valkyrie III was a wider and shal
lower craft than the Defender. The
Shamrock II Is a narrower boat than the
Constitution. The Constitution, while
lacking the graceful, curved lines of the
challenger, has power and strength that
may be found ..wanting In the Shamrock
II. Both should be pretty close In light
airs, expert yachtsmen believe, but when
heeling over to a commanding breeze the
Constitution, owing to her greater lateral
plane, should excel In a hard brush to
windward. In reaching or running there
may r.ot be such a pronounced difference,
they think. In- the absence of nny de
cisive figures they are inclined to be pru r
dent prophets, but that the challenger
must allow the defender about a minute
over a thirty-mile course seems pretty
well established.
As a sea jockey the yachting men here
abouts hold that Captain Sycamore Is
equal to Captain Barr. In a flying start,
to which he has been well broken In, he
might get the better of Captain Rhodes,
but as two minutes is allowed to cross
the line In the actual cup races this may
not prove an Important factor.
It Is said that there Is little doubt that
the Constitution will be chosen to defend
the cup. Although the honors are easy
up to date, each having scored the same
number of wins, still the Constitution is
reckoned as the better all around craft.
All afternoon the crew of the Shamrock
COLF CUP GOES
TO SAN RAFAEL
It would be hard to distinguish between
the Columbia and the challenger, so far
as their underbodies are concerned.
Their fins are practically alike. The
Shamrock II is a more graceful craft.
The beauty and cleanness of the run and
the sharpness of the forepart of the fin
are the principal points of the new
Shamrock. When the larger sail plan is
taken into consideration she must be ad
judged to be an opponent worthy to be
met. "With a foot less beam than, that
of the Columbia, and a larger sail plat,
she is an Ideal fine weather boat, well
adapted .to meet the usual run of early
the experts who saw her to-day. From
her easy entrance, forward to her close
run aft there is power and speed in every
line. All the curves are true and easy,
and there is nothing crude or coarse in
any of them. Mr. Watson evidently/took
the cutter .Britannia, his best all-round
boat, as the basis , of Ms model..-,In .im
proving on the. Britannia he evidently
had the. Columbia in his eye, for the mid
section of the Shamrock II is practically
that of the conqueror of the Shamrock I.
This fact was pointed out by experts As
showing how yacht designers on either
side of the Atlantic have been converging
along the same lines to such an extent
that, practically, they have come together,
and there are no marked differences In
types such as existed" in the day of the
Puritan-Genesta contest.
FOOTRACE TRICK
IS PLAYED ABAIN
A. finer, surface has never been seen on
a raclnfc yacht than that of the first
three strakes of the cup challenger after
the crew had finished the burnishing. The
general opinion of experts was that the
Shamrock II is a rare good boat, and
"Watson has avoided the errors he made
In the Thistle when he cut away her lat
eral plane so completely that she was of
Uttle use when hauled on a wind. Wat
son, they think, has also avoided those
crudities of form which are characteristic
of the Valkyrie III and which were nearly
as-pronounced on the Shamrock I. Evi
dently the Glasgow designer haa benefited
by close studies of the epoch-making
yacht Gloriana, designed by Nat Herres
hoff. and also from the later productions
of that wizard's brain, the Vigilant, De
fender and Columbia, for an expert can
see traces of all these craft in Sir Thomas
Upton's challenger.
were kept busily employed burnishing
with oil and emery paper the hull below
the water line. The plates are of im
madium bronze and are susceptible of a
high polish, far. more lustrous and bril
liant . than those of any previous chal
lengers. .They had become much discol
ored since her last hauling out, but there
was ' little • or ' no trace of .marino
growth and but- a solitary barnacle.
There was one rivat only that -was started
and Captain Sycamore, who made fre
quent circles around the yacht, reported
that not a plate was injured.
LOS ANGELES
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
San Francisco 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 — 1
Bafe hits -O 10 0 10 0 1 0—3
Los Ang^lee 0 10 0 4 000 •— 5
Ha«e hits 0 3 10 3 10 0 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Iburs 5. Home run —
Hutchinson. Two-base hits — Hartwell, Krug,
Kelly. First base on errors— San Francisco, 2.
First base on called balls— San Francisco 1,
Lo« Anseles 3. Left en bases— San Francisco
2. I..08 Anceles B. Struck out — liy Iburu 2, by
Hartwell 3. ' Double plays— Kelly to Reitz to
Hutchinson: Hutchinson to Kelly «2). Time
of game— 1 hour and 1J minutes. Umpire— Levy.
Official scorer— II. S. MeFarlln.
SAN" FRANCISCO.
Brockhoff appeared in a German suit
and was loudly cheered. Atherton, made
his debut on local grounds and immedi
ately "caught on" by means of a great
catch and a hit. "Josh" Reilly brought
down the fans in the first by making a
great one-hand catch of Hutchinson's
drive, which if missed meant two cush
ions. Following Is the score:
Hartwell pitched splendid ball, but three
hits being registered against him. lburg
was touched up for eight. Both pitchers
were well supported, Kelly and Hartwell
making the only mishaps of the game.
Nordyke. and Hartwell were, the chief
factors in saving the locals from a com
plete shutout. In the fourth "Dyke" hit
a simple one to the Los Angeles twirler,
who was successful in throwing It over
Hutchinson's head and far into the
bleachers, Xordyke completing the circuit
before the ball was returned. After that
the Wasps did not have a chance to win.
The Angela owe their overwhelming !vlc
tory to Hartwell's excellent work in the
box and Hutchinson's lucky drive over
the center field fence when two men'were
on bases. Up to this time the score stood
2 to 1 in their favor, and not another tally
was made after this remarkable hit. Iburg
seemed to settle down when the ilrst lira
was over and but one more safe hit was
made off his delivery. .
Los Angeles sent a man home in the lni T
tial inning. Atherton hit, as did C. Reilly
and Bowman. Bowman's drive brought
Atherton home, but Reilly was caught at
the platg by Brockhoff's beautiful throw
from the center garden. . The next man
went out quickly, the red legs scoring
no more points until Hutchinson did his
clever stunt in the fifth. In this round
the orange growers cinched the game and
blighted all of Uncle Henry's fondest
hopes. Hartwell took a walk to first, went
to second on Reitz's hit and scored. on
Kelly's two-bagger to deep left. It was
up to Hutchinson to say something, and
he was not found wanting, for he placed
the sphere on the other side of the right
field fence, sending Reitr and Kelly in
ahead of him. This was all that the An
gels could do in the way of making runs,
but it was enough to give th<?m the vic
tory.
The Germans took another slide down
the toboggan yesterday afternoon and
Mr. Morley, with his bunch of left-handed
swatters, walked, off the field of battle
with smiles of satisfaction,' for the hour
and fifteen minutes which they had la
bored netted them five runs, while the
men who _ sport- : the black and yellow
could do no better than send one over 'the
route, and but for Hartwell's wild throw
they would have been whitewashed.
Los Angeles 5, San Francisco 1.
It is stated to-night that the owner of
Cresceus. received STOcW of the $12,000 purse,
•rhile the owner of The Abbot received
rawa. . ',*,¦¦;•
2:10 clays pace, purse $2000— Sphinx S won the
second, third and fourth heats in 2:08%. 2-09U
*:0SHi4. Corinne won the flirt heat In 2:07^.'-
Little Squaw, Dan L, Sphia. Ituna- and Tom
Calhoun also started.
Grand special race, trotting-, purse $12 000-
Cresceus, ch. s.. by Robert McGreeor-
Mabfl, by Mambrino Howard (Ketcham) 1 1 i
The Abbot, h. g.. by Chimes-Nellie King,
by Mambrino King (Geers) 2 d
Time. :30*i. l:01>4. J:22'4, 2:C3'i; :31%. 1:0%
1:35, 2:06'4. .
2:10-claM trot, purse S1500— Toggles won the
second, third and fourth heats In 2:06%/ 2:10,
2:1«4. King Chimes won the first heat in
2:11«». Temple Wllkes. Sister Alire, Tattle
Dirk, Janice, Wistful and Tom P also started.
Special heat with running mates— Cresceus
:S0H, 1:0114. l:S4. 2:03.
Each trotter pulled a twenty-nine-pound
euJky. The stallion wore a side check,
two-minute harness, without breaching
or breast collar, and was protected to tie
knees and hocks with white felt boots
The Abbot carried the old-style harness,
an overdraw check, and was rigged with
knee and quarter boots forward and with
tee boots behind.
The betting before the race was $100 to
$30 on Cresceus and it was lively, there
being many followers of The Abbot and
of his driver, Geers. who were willing to
take the short end. Summary of races:
2:20 trot, purse $2000— Neva Simmons won the
first, second and fifth heats in 2:13>£. 2:11U
2:11%. All night won the third arid fourth
heat* In 2:11%. 2:11'£. Helen Grace, George
Smith. Quoddy Girl. General Shatter, L»nora
and Room Mate also started. •
To the credit of The Abbot it should be
said that not only was this his first race,
but he has also been sick, and his best
mile since his recoverv was In the vicin
ity of 2:09.
Cresceus Favorite in the Betting.
Each was driven up and down the
stretch for a warming tip, and when they
reached the starter Cresceus was slightly
In the teajj and they were called back.
The next time down, however, they were
nose and nose. Thtn Cresceus rushed to
the front and had a lead of a length,
which he held to the quarter, making that
mark In ::!0%. This lead The "Abbot had
slightly reduced at the half, which was
reached in -1:01V*. and he was a very close
second at the three-quarters pole in 1:32*4.
The vast crowd realized that a world's
record was about to be made, and the
grand stand arose to its feet while the
multitude which was in the space between
the stand and the track cheered wildly.
Comir-gr down the stretch it was a battle
royal, with The Abbot verv close up, but
Cresceus. with his bulldog grip, kept on
with nostrils extended and just managed
to beat his opponent by half a length in
2:03>4, the world's trotting ; record in a
race. To say that the announcement cre
ated tumultuous appTause only half con
veys the meaning M the expression.
The Abbot Breaks* Disastrously.
A little over half liour had expired
when the two ground lior.s'es came out for
the second trlaltpid' were started under
the same eonditionAthet 'existed in the
first heat. They \7eiR? away beauti
fully, but The Abbot had not traveled a
hundred yards before he made a disas
trous break, and before he could recover
his gait Cresceus ' was in front. The Ab
bot, once settled, made a grand effort to
overtake his opponent, but the son of
Robert McGregor was out for victory and
kept on, passing the .quarter in :31%, the
half In 1:024, the three-quarters in 1:35
and came rushing home the last quarter
in :31>i. doing the mile In 2:06»4. with
The Abbot back of the flag. As the race
was best three in live Ketcham consented
that Cresceus go another heat. This he
did shortly before 5 o'clock, accompanied
by a runner for the first half, where he
was joined by another runner, and he did
the mile in 2:05. the quarter in :304, the
half in* 1:011.2 and the three-quarters in
It was about 3:30 o'clock when the driv
ers, Ketcham and Geers. appeared before
the grand stand and obtained their posi
tions for a start by the flip of a coin.
Luck was with the driver of Cresceus, as
he secured the pole, a decided advantage
when two horses so nearly equal In point
of record are considered. When a little
later the horses came from the paddock
they were wildly cheered, and they looked
lit for the work before them. Fortunately,
too, the wind had died down to a dead
calm, so there was no obstacle in that
line.
Cresceus Secures the Pole.
XEW'TORK, Aug. IS.— The trotting In
terests of the Empire City have not re
ceived such a Loom In a quarter of a cen
tury as was developed to-day at the
Brighton Beach track, when, under the
auspices of th«5 New York Trotting Asso
ciation the champion Btallion and the
champion gelding, Cresceus and The Ab
bot, came together for a purse of $12,000.
The Abbot, -with his record of 2:03}i of
last season, and Cresceus with his mark
of 2:0214, made at Columbus recently, were
to decide the question of which was the
one to g-o down In. history as the fastest
trotting horse now living. A larger crowd
was present than was ever before seen on
a New York trotting track. The grand
stand was simply packed, and this despite
the fact that reserved seats with admis
sion cost ?4, while bo.\»p holding four per
sons were all disposed of at 530 each in
addition to the regular admission. While
the seating capacity is but 2300, it was
undoubtedly a tact that close to 5000 peo
ple were jammed Into the structure.
Every available space between the stand
and track was packed to its utmost oa
pacity, and the paddock, infleld and
cheaper admission field contained a legion
of people. It is estimated that fully 15,-
O00 people were present. The weather was
simply perfect for the great trial and the
track was like velvet, though probably a
second slow. Several times during the aft
ernoon both horses put in some prelim
inary work, and each time they passed
the crowd there was great enthusiasm.
Thousands Flock to Brighton
Beach to Applaud the
Great Trottera
Score of 5 to 1.
Ball Tossers From the South
Gain a v Victory "by. a
Hartwell's Good Work
and Hutchinson's Hit
Does Trick.
Defeats The Abbot and-
Makes New Record
in a Race.
CRESCEUS FIRST
UNDER THE WIRE
WASPS BEATEN
BY THE ANGELS
GREAT TROTTER DEFEATS THE ABBOT AND MAKES A NEW WORLD'S RECORD
POWER AND SPEED IN EVERY LINE
OF LIPTON'S NEW CUP CHALLENGER
Shamrock II Goes Into the Drydocfc and American Experts, After
Examination, Pronounce Her a Dangerous Boat*
CYCLIST ELKES
AN EASY WINNER
Breaks Nineteen Records
on the Pan-American
Stadium Track.
After Safely Outdistancing
Other Competitors He
Slackens Speed.
BUFFALO, N. T., Augr. 13.— Fifteen
thousand persons witnessed the interna
tional grand circuit races of the National
Cycling Association In the Pan-American
stadium this afternoon.
The contest between HarTy Elkes.
Edouard Taylore and Kay Dier for the
hour exposition Invitation middle-distance
championship and a purse of $1000 became
a procession after the fifth mile, for Elkca
held both men at a safe distance, having
lapped the Frenchman four times and
Duer once. Elkes broke the records for
every mile from the second up to and In
cluding the nineteenth. Elkea then let up
and at the end of the hour he had coveretl
38 miles 16S0 yards, which is about one
mile behind the record.
The 'final of the one-mile championship,
professional, between Kramer, the circuit
leader, and Lawson created keen Interest.
Kramer caught Lawson napping in the
last eighth and had worked up a good
sprint before Lawson realized taat the
final struggle was on. Kramer won by
two lengths.
Major Taylor was scratch man In the
final of the half-mile handicap, profes
sional. He made a spurt at the pistol
shot and caught the leaders in the first
quarter. On the lower turn of the last
lap Bowler of ChJcago crossed In front
of the major, causing him to slacken,
speed and run up on the bank. The col
ored rider made a bid for first money with
this handicap and Wilson, Bowler and the
major were Inches apart at the flnisn.
The judges disqualified Bowler and gave
Taylor second money. Results:
One mile. 2:10 class, professional, final— James
Bowler, Chicago, won; Jed Newkirk. Chicago,
second. Jack Green, England, third. Time.
2:44 2-5.
Pan-American circuit championship, one mile,
professional— Frank L. Kramer. East Orange,
N J., won: Iver Lawson, Buffalo, second.
Time.' 2:12 4-5. . , . _
Half-mile handicap, professional, final heat —
Lester "Wilson. Pittsburg (130 yards), won: Ma
jor Taylor, "Worcester, Mass, (scratch), second;
Jack Green. England (60 yards), third; James
B. Bowler. Chicago (30 yards), fourth. Time,
:56 1-5. ,
One-hour, Exposition invitation, middle-dis
tance championship.
Leader— Miles. Time. Record.
Elkes 1 1:31 3-5 1:29 4-5
Elkes 5 7:26 7:27
Elkes 10 14:43 3-5 15:06 1-5
Elkes 19 28:33 3-5 28:39
Elkes 20 30:14 2-5 30:11
Elkes 23 38:11 1-3 37:44
Elkes 30 46:02 45:13 1-1.
One hour— Elkea, 38 miles 16S0 yards; Duer,
35 miles 650 yards; Taylore, 30 miles 710 yards.
MASTER MABINEK TAKES
A PURSE AT HABLEH
SARATOGA. Aug. 15.— Results:
First race, mile and a sixteenth. selling-
Alfred Vargrave won. Hammock second, Bar
bara Freitchie third. Time, 1:48.
Second race, seven furlongs, handicap— Isldnr
won, Ben McDhul second, Kilogram third.
Time. 1:26 1-5. •
Third race, mile and three-eighths, the Ken
ner, for three-year-olds— Baron Pepper won.
All Green second, Black Fox third. Time,
2:21 4-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. selling-
Flora Pomona won. Playllke second, Oclawaha
third. Time. 1:03 4-3.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards— Lucent
¦won, Arak second, Advocater third. Time,
1:47 4-5.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— Harlem results:
First race, one mile — Hanan won. Fox Bard
second, Onanto third. -Time, 1:42 2-3.
Second race, six furlongs— Master Mariner
won Goal Runner second, Rosa Diaz third.
Time. 1:16 4-3.
Third race, one mile — Denman Thompson won,
Zacatosa second, Hylo third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile, the Riverside stakes-
Leo Newell won, Tcah second. Silurian third-
Time, 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Jaubert won. Galla
gher second, Ameras third. Time. 1:15 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile— Searcher won. Brutal
second. -Kunja thrid. Time, 1:40 2-5.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 13.— Results:
First ' race, five furlongs— Ellis Glenn won.
Little Henry second. Don H third. Time, 1:02.
Second race, one mile— Sweet Voice won.
Cousin Letty second, Major Kins third. Time,
1:43.
Third race, five furlongs — Sea Queen ¦won.
Midlove second, Blanche Sheppard third. Time,
1:01.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Kitty Kelly won,
Decapo second. Sir Dougall third. Time, 1:01.
Fifth race, two miles— Sea Song won, Tom
Calvert second, Jean Spencer third. Time,
3:38%.
Sixth race, three furlongs— Abba L won, Jack
second. Big Dutch third. Time, :33&.
DETROIT. Aug. 13.— "Windsor results:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Xyx •won.
Little Choice second, Golden Harvest third.
•Time. 1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs, gelling— Lacrima*
won. Last Night second. Vela third. Time.
1:02%.
Third race, seven and a half furlongs, selling
—Ben O'Fallon won. Ed Roth second. Ghetto
third. Time. 1:35»$.
. Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth. handi
cap—Miss Soak won. Aloha II second, Enghurst
third. Time. 1:47^.
Fifth race, four furlongs— Nugget won. Marl*
Tyson second. Six Bits third. Tune :49.
1 • Sixth race, one mile, selling— Edna Garry
won, Marlon Lynch second, Mr. Pomeroy third.
Time. 1:43.
ST. LOUIS, Augr. 15.— Delmar Park results:
First race, -six furlongs, selling— Hunter
Ralne won. Taby Tosa second. Colonel Stone
third. Time. l:15tf.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Sambo
won. Lady Clark second. Florfle S third. Time.
1:10%.
Third race, mile and three-sUteenths, sell
;nn — La Spara won. Outburst second. Swords
man third. Time. 2:03.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Matt Ho
gan won. Revoke second, Hazel Hughlett third.
Time, 1:1514.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Lord Nev
ille won, Elsie Barnes second. Grantor third.
Time. l:29Vi.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Ths "Wag won.
Empyreal second. Pirate's Daughter third.
Time. 1:4314-
FORT ERIE. Ont., Aug. 15.— Results:
First race, seven furlongs — "Waterhouse won,
Kandy second, Punctual third. Time, 1:2SH>
Second .race, four and a half furlongs— Abbey
Dell won. Lady Patroness second. Circus Girl
third. Time, :56.
Third race, one' mile — Tyrba won, Dick "War
ren second, Easter Lily third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Lee won. Bour
bon Kins second, Taxman third. Time. 1:OH«.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Euclalre
•won, Young Henry second. Racebud third.
Time.- 1:21%. " • '
Sixth race, six furlongs— Lily Hammerton
won, Ida Penzance second, Inniscara third.
Time. 1:13.
THE SAN FBANCISGO iGALL, FRIDAY^ AUGUST 16, 1901. 25S
study the lines of. the craft Sir
Thomas Upton has sent over in his sec
ond attempt to lift the: America's cup.
The challenger resembles the Columbia
very much, so far as her underbody and
fin are concerned. 'That the Shamrock II
is a dangerous opponent was conceded' by
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Sham
rock Hi went into the drydock
early to-day and j American ex
perts had- their' first' : " chance to
autumn breezes off Sandy Hook. How
ever, that the America's cup is in peril
of being "lifted" by Sir Thomas Upton
this year is by no means the opinion of
conservative yachtsmen /who looked upon
the Shamrock II to-day. That she has
intrinsic merit and will doubtless be hard
to beat/was admitted, ¦ but everything
about her hull that ¦ is meritorious has
been gathered from American sources.
A careful examination of the challenger
showed that she had suffered no strain
during her long voyage and her bottom
4
- AB.
S'ordyke. r. f S
tfrockhoff, c. f 4
Elildebrand. 1. f 4
Schwartz, 2b.. 3
Pabst. lb 3
Sullivan, c ..". 3
KruK. s-'S 3
I. Reilly, 3b 3
Lburg, p 3
R. ]
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
BII. SB.
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
1 o
0 0
1 0
1 0
0 0
2
0
1
2
VI
3
2
6
A.
0
1
0
4
0
1
1
E.
0
(I
0
0
o
o
u
0
0
Totals .......'".......29
1
3 0
24
14
0
Reitz, Ib '.......
K«lly. fs
Hutrhirson. Jb
Householder, c. t..
Atherton. r. t
C Kellly, 3b
Bess-man. 1. i
Spifs, c
Hartwell, p
Totals
Att.
... 3
.. 4
-. 4
.. 3
.. 4
.. 4
.. 3
..31
1
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
1
r
Jill.
1
1
. 1
0
1
2
1
0
1
8
. &ts.
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
. Jr"U.
5
3
10 •
0
o
1
2
4
0
27
A.
3
4
2
0
0
3
0
0
1
13
j-;
i
(
c
c
(J
c
1
2
. ah. Jt. an. sb. rv. a. n.
Drennan, c. f 3.0 1 . 0 . .1» 0 0
LiOhman. c 3 0 10 2 0 0
Strelb, lb 4 0 1 ' 0 IV 0 0
F^agan. 3b 3 1112 3 2
Dunleavy. 1. t 2 1 0 0 3 0 0
I-'ranoks, s. s 1 0 ' 0 0 2 4 1
*rrHlanes. 2b 2 11 0 3 11
Held. r. f 2 0 10 10 0
Moskiznan. p 3 1*1 0 1 2 0
Totals U 4 7 1 »2« 10 " '4
•Courtney out for throwing his bat at a foul
.. AM.
DfvMeaux, e. « -.8
McLaiiRhlln. I. f 4
Courtney, 2b 4 •
Afhenbach. r. f 4
Stanley, o 3
Sh»ehan. 3b 4
McGucken. c. 1 4 ."-
Flanlon. lb 3 '
Stricklett. p 3
it. .
0
0
.0
0.
0 "
0
¦ 0
0
0
1511.
1
0-
o
0
• 0
1
(I I
0
0
. an.
1
0
0 ,
0
0
0
v 0
0
0
3
3
. 1
0
6
0
1
9
I'
A.
2
0
2
0
3
3
1
3
1
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
Totals 32
0
-2
1
24
16
3
THIRD ANNUAL COMPETITION FOR PONIATO
" ¦ . ..' "" t) in.. ¦ h
COMPETITORS. \ a f* v.
Mrs. R. G. Brown-
Out .... 3 6.4 5
In 5 .6 4 5
Miss C. Crockett— ¦ .
out.. ;........; 4 7 b 4
In, :.. '.......3 7 .4 3
. Mrs. II. II. 1 Sherwood— " " ;
Out ......... 5 6 5.7
In 5- 9.4 5
Hiss Alice Hagpr— ' ¦
Out 8, -6 ..5 5
In •¦¦ _5_ _6_ _5 6_
Miss B. McBean—
Out 5 8' 6 5
In 6 6 ;6 4.
, Mrs. ~\V. Martin— . ' >
Out ............:».. 4 10 ' S B
In 5 -9| C 6
'•WSKI CUP— AUGUST 15, :
~3 2 T . H £
.? ?j si g 'Si £¦
:; i, 5 /?¦• :, . j-
6 7 4 6. 5 48
5.' 6 6 6 7 4D
8 8 4 6 • 6 • .52 •
6 6 4 7 8 43
3 ¦ v
6 7 G 6 7 55
¦7 7 -6 6 5" 54
8 8 6 6 . 8 '60
5 7 6 8 7 53
11 9 4 7 G 61
7,7 5 8 7 56.
7 12. 5 - 7 9 64
3 9 5 7 8 63-
1901.
¦ a.
Ilii
p ft
' - 95
¦ 100
103
I
115
117
127
THIRD ANNUAL COMPETITION FOR PONIATO
" ¦ . ..' "" t) in.. ¦ h
COMPETITORS. \ a f* v.
Mrs. R. G. Brown-
Out .... 3 6.4 5
In 5 .6 4 5
Miss C. Crockett— ¦ .
out.. ;........; 4 7 b 4
In, :.. '.......3 7 .4 3
. Mrs. II. II. 1 Sherwood— " " ;
Out ......... 5 6 5.7
In 5- 9.4 5
Hiss Alice Hagpr— ' ¦
Out 8, -6 ..5 5
In •¦¦ _5_ _6_ _5 6_
Miss B. McBean—
Out 5 8' 6 5
In 6 6 ;6 4.
, Mrs. ~\V. Martin— . ' >
Out ............:».. 4 10 ' S B
In 5 -9| C 6
'•WSKI CUP— AUGUST 15, :
~3 2 T . H £
.? ?j si g 'Si £¦
:; i, 5 /?¦• :, . j-
6 7 4 6. 5 48
5.' 6 6 6 7 4D
8 8 4 6 • 6 • .52 •
6 6 4 7 8 43
3 ¦ v
6 7 G 6 7 55
¦7 7 -6 6 5" 54
8 8 6 6 . 8 '60
5 7 6 8 7 53
11 9 4 7 G 61
7,7 5 8 7 56.
7 12. 5 - 7 9 64
3 9 5 7 8 63-
1901.
¦ a.
Ilii
p ft
' - 95
¦ 100
103
I
115
117
127
. ah. Jt. an. sb. rv. a. n.
Drennan, c. f 3.0 1 . 0 . .1» 0 0
LiOhman. c 3 0 10 2 0 0
Strelb, lb 4 0 1 ' 0 IV 0 0
F^agan. 3b 3 1112 3 2
Dunleavy. 1. t 2 1 0 0 3 0 0
I-'ranoks, s. s 1 0 ' 0 0 2 4 1
*rrHlanes. 2b 2 11 0 3 11
Held. r. f 2 0 10 10 0
Moskiznan. p 3 1*1 0 1 2 0
Totals U 4 7 1 »2« 10 " '4
•Courtney out for throwing his bat at a foul
.. AM.
DfvMeaux, e. « -.8
McLaiiRhlln. I. f 4
Courtney, 2b 4 •
Afhenbach. r. f 4
Stanley, o 3
Sh»ehan. 3b 4
McGucken. c. 1 4 ."-
Flanlon. lb 3 '
Stricklett. p 3
it. .
0
0
.0
0.
0 "
0
¦ 0
0
0
1511.
1
0-
o
0
• 0
1
(I I
0
0
. an.
1
0
0 ,
0
0
0
v 0
0
0
3
3
. 1
0
6
0
1
9
I'
A.
2
0
2
0
3
3
1
3
1
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
Totals 32
0
-2
1
24
16
3
- AB.
S'ordyke. r. f S
tfrockhoff, c. f 4
Elildebrand. 1. f 4
Schwartz, 2b.. 3
Pabst. lb 3
Sullivan, c ..". 3
KruK. s-'S 3
I. Reilly, 3b 3
Lburg, p 3
R. ]
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
BII. SB.
0 0
0 0
0 0
0 0
1 o
0 0
1 0
1 0
0 0
2
0
1
2
VI
3
2
6
A.
0
1
0
4
0
1
1
E.
0
(I
0
0
o
o
u
0
0
Totals .......'".......29
1
3 0
24
14
0
Reitz, Ib '.......
K«lly. fs
Hutrhirson. Jb
Householder, c. t..
Atherton. r. t
C Kellly, 3b
Bess-man. 1. i
Spifs, c
Hartwell, p
Totals
Att.
... 3
.. 4
-. 4
.. 3
.. 4
.. 4
.. 3
..31
1
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
1
r
Jill.
1
1
. 1
0
1
2
1
0
1
8
. &ts.
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
1
. Jr"U.
5
3
10 •
0
o
1
2
4
0
27
A.
3
4
2
0
0
3
0
0
1
13
j-;
i
(
c
c
(J
c
1
2
BBL^-v. ¦' /a feSg \ X / I i\. 1 1 I— I I— 1 W. I l—i U
S mK kMi • \I\J I I AJ % . I I 1^ I !¦ rw
iifft j RgjSi V V JJ. vvX 1 I i\_} X ' A \ V.
HBfe^a^^S£-^--^Ill FREE— Send name and address on postal card for 164-page catalogue
WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO,, ili^^r \The Cooks' Association of the • Pacific
Coast adqpted new by-laws at the regular
monthly meeting, Tuesday .night and pre
sented the retiring president, : U. Seiller,
with a gold chain and locket. The man
ager, J. Sanders, reports that- the mem
bership of '.the association is srowins.
Cooks' . Association 1 Meets.
Footpads Rob Monterey Man.
• Harry Rodgers, a recent arrival from
Monterey, was attacked by two footpads
at the corner of Third and Mission streets
early yesterday morning, and after being
choked Into Insensibility was robbed of
$14 50. Rodgers has reported his loss to
the police.
J. Boas, 330 Montgomery st., pays %LS5
for election warrants of August IX •
Only two were rejected.- on the grounds
that they were not of good character. The
others will be sworn in to-day. Chief
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday swore
in 104 of the 246 special police officers who
were appointed on, Tuesday night by the
Police Commissioners. ...
Special Officers Not; in Favor.
H. Bailey, a colored, stevedore, quar
tered on the "bunk ship" Ohio, was badly
Jammed last night between the sides of
the launch which is used to transport the
men to and from 'their work and the side
of the floating boarding-house. He - was
taken to the Harbor, Emergency, Hospital
where It was found that he was Injured
internally. Bailey at first refused to be
Union Hackman Refuses Fare.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 12G California street. : •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
At a meeting of the Marine Cooks' and
Stewards'. Association held last night re
ports were made showing . that 300 mem
bers ; of , the association had' obeyed "tho
strike order issued at the last meeting arid
walked out. Every member of 1 the asso
ciation now In port was present at the
meeting with the exception of the.thirty
six pickets on duty along the front. An
drew Furuseth and Walter Macarthur de
livered addresses and were heartily ap
plauded.
Marine Kitchen Hands Out.
The case of Policeman O. H. Knight,
charged with battery on complaint of
James Maddison, a marine engineer was
called before Judge Cabanlss yesterday
Maddison was represented by Attorneys
W. W. Foote and J. Lerman and Attorney
Joseph Coffey appeared for the defendant
Maddison testified that he was one of a
crowd on East street, opposite the Oceanic
mall dock, Monday watching a fight- be
tween two firemen. A mounted policeman
drove them back to the sidewalk and th"
defendant hit him on the head with hia
club because he did not move on f;«t
!S?,V, gh - ;, H ' i , J - Walters. James Pugh
w am 6^' Geor *e McGolgan and
William McMullen testified to seeing
Knight hit Maddison. The defense wm
be heard this morning.
Policeman on Trial.
Shaw & Donovan, . O. Lenhart, Ostlund John
Walton, J. H. Keefe, E. Egnel, S. H. Hanson,
L. L. . Bondeli, George . Rice, George McCal
ron, J. J. Boyle, James HIndman, M. Ander
son, C, Weber. Morrison &• Phillips, J B
Griffiths, Short & Hoffman, Max Pearl Wil
liam Shaffer, William Shepard, Paul Agmar
Kern & Elbach, Grodin, Hose and Brown New
Chutes, L. J. Dwyer, Eckert.C. Hoever, Ensr
lander, Garfleld, George Burnett & Bros. B
Bradley, J. Sullivan, -.Theo. Peterson. Tiui
McCarthy of 103 , Hayes street, Tim McCarthy
of Natoma . street, ' Harmuth, : Herman Bros
Hastings Trust Estate, Robert Clark & Sons'
Zelinske, Otto , Schultz, Eugene Kellett, Cook
Decorating Company, Fred Schaefer, Brown
Tom Downing, C. F. Hagerman,, L. . A. • Rea!
Smith & Ostrum,- Barnes & Penn, George Van
Glan, ¦ Charles Weinman, Gus Postler, M.- C.
Munder. '
The Building Trades Council issued last
night a list of the names of all the shops
which have thus far conceded the de
mands of the painters for«J3 50 ner dav
The list is as follows; y '
Have Conceded Painters' Demands
At a quarterly meeting of the Press
Club held last night the following named
were nominated ¦ for office for the ensuing
year: President. L. Edmund Stover, The
Call: vice president, Phil S. Montague, E.
D. Dement and A. T. Dobson; secretary.
Elmora Leffingwell.Post: treasurer, Theo
dore Bonnet, Town Talk; librarian, C. H.
Jessen of The Call. Henry C. Best of the
Post; directors. Frederick S. Myrtle of the
Bulletin, Frank J. Dwyer of the Chroni
cle, John Jay Harrison of the Stockton
Mall, George V. Trowbridge of the Chron
icle. L. G. Carpenter of the Examiner.
William B. Meloney of the Bulletin, Horen
Patiglan of the Overland Monthly, James
S. Tyler of the Bulletin, James P. Booth,
W." C. Maxwell of the Honolulu Adver
tiser and Arthur Inkersley. publisher. The
annual election of the club will take place
on Thursday, August 27. at which time
the present board retires from office.
Press Club Nominations.
Many of the non-union men who are
driving. teams have announced that they
will not work with the specials, claiming
that they are not able to give them the
protection that they need.
Sullivan lectured the men on the duties
of peace guardians . and warned them
against using their revolvers unless it
was absolutely necessary. They will re
port for duty to-day.
¦4 The bride is a niece of General Cas
onova, who was killed in battle during
the Cuban-Spanish war. She met Lieu
tenant Watterson in Cubasoon after the
American forces landed on the island.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 15.— Lieutenant
Henry Watterson, U. S. A., son of the
Louisville journalist, and Miss Blanche
Esther" Casonova, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Juan Casonova, formerly of Cuba,
but now resident here, were married to
day in this city.
Marries a Spanish Belle.
"The rumors of such a deal have -been
floating ' around the street for the last
thirty or forty days," said Mr. Hellman.
"What they, amount to I cannot say. In
fact, I know nothing about the matter ex
cept that for the last month there have
been no negotiations, nor has anything at
all been done which might be construed
into a determination. on the part of the
present owners of the property to transfer
It to the hands of an Eastern syndicate."
This ¦ statement of Mr. Hellman is open
to two constructions^ — either the sale took
place more than a month ago. , which is
not a fact, or it may take place ln the
near future, which is very likely.
When seen yesterday and questioned
concerning the proposed transaction
young Mr. Hellman of the TJnion**Trust
Company, who as the confidential man
of his father is in a position to know what
is going on in the company ln which his
sire controls the major portion of the
stock, would say nothing. beyond affirming
that nothing had occurred in the matter
for the last thirty days.
Who the prospective purchasers are v Is
not' known to an absolute certainty, but
the finger of gossip points to a Baltimore
company, with J. T. Blackwell and G. R.
Webb, capitalists of that city, at its head.
From other sources come the tale of one
W. J. Payne of the Newport News and
Old Point Comfort roads of Virginia be
ing mixed up in the deal, but whether this
last named gentleman is acting independ
ently for his own people or in conjunction
with the representatives of the Baltimore
syndicate Is not .quite clear. ¦•
That there is a deal on between an East
ern syndicate and the Market-street Rail
way people which has for its object the
purchase . of the railway property by the
syndicate there is little doubt. It is doubt
ful, though, whether the negotiations
have progressed much farther than they
were a month and more ago, when the
rumors concerning the proposed transac
tion first began to stir the local business
world and influence the local stock board.
ern Syndicate Which Axe Not
Denied.
Rumors of Possible Transfer to East-
MAEKET-STREET RAILWAY •
MAY SOON CHANGE HANDS
• The league* does not intend to entirely
relinquish its efforts toward a settlement,
but will co-operate with the Retail Deal
ers' Association and the Federation of Im
provement Clufcs. .
At the meeting with the attorney of the
Employers' Association yesterday after
noon Mr. Greensfelder said that he had
been informed by Attorney Michael that
the Employers' Association would stand
firm by the letter of August 2, and that
they considered that the settlement of the
strike had gone out of their hands. Mr
Michael asserted that the association rec
ognized the right which employes have to
unionize, but declared that the employers
must settle -the differences with each in
dividual employe. . ,
The Municipal League through its presi
dent, N. B. Greensfelder, made another
attempt yesterday to induce the Employ
ers' ¦ Association to come ' to terms with
their striking employes, but without suc
cess. In fact, Ihelr appeal met with a flat
rebuff. Attorney Michael not only refused
to consider their proposals, but requested
that no further negotiations or mediations
be offered. ¦
Attorney Michael Asks Municipal
League to Desist.
MEDIATION" NOT "WANTED.
If the reported resignation of Mr. Hays
Is officially confirmed it is by no means
certain that H. E. Huntington will be hl3
successor. If Mr. Huntlngton has any
such ambition it Is in direct contradiction
to his own utterances, as he has time and
again stated that the presidency of the
road was about the last thing he desired.
That Mr. Hays is more or less dissatis
fied with his place, that he resents
the curtailment of his powers and that
these powers have been very materially
curtailed. Is nothing new. All this was
published in The Call a month ago, and
the columns that are now being written
on these subjects are merely repetitions
of what has already been published In
this paper. The Call was the first paper
in the city to announce the changes that
were taking place in the big yellow build
ing and to call attention to the manner in
which the powers of the president were
being restricted. At that time The Call
prophesied that these disagreements prob
ably would result in a general upheaval,
and if Mr. Hays has actually resigned
his action in so doing is nothlnjr more
than the fulfillment of that prophecy.
Whether Mr. Hay3 has resigned or
whether he has not. it Is probable that
several changes will take place among the
officials of the Southern Pacific in the
near future, and the certainty that talk
ing will tend to increase rather than
diminish the number of these changes is
very effectual ln keeping the mouths of
those who are ln a, Dosition to get inside
information firmly closed.
In the meantime rumors of all sorts are
flying thick and fast about the big yellow
building, but none of them are founded
on anything more substantial than more
or less clever guesswork. There are only
one or two men at this end of the lino
sufficiently in the confidence of Mr. Hays
to know positively whether or not he has
resigned, and these men are In positions
where the best thing they can do Is to
saw wood and say nothing.
Charles M. Haya of the Southern Pa
cific continues to maintain absolute se
crecy concerning his reported resignation
from the presidency of the Southern Pa
cific. Mr. Hays will neither affirm nor
deny the truth of the rumor. He said
yesterday. that it had been a rule of his
throughout his "entire career never to dis
cuss his personal concerns for publica
tion, and he saw no reason for departing
from this rule in the present instance.
With many men such a non-committal
attitude might be taken as an evidence
of their unwillingness to admit the truth
of that which they knew to be so. Mr.
Hays, however, is not an ordinary man.
and his uncommunicativeness means ab
solutely nothing one way or the other.
Phillips when seen to-day made an ef
fort to appear composed, but it was evi
dent that he deeply felt the final step in
the disentanglement . of his affairs which
had been forced upon him through the ac
tion of three of his company's creditors
By his own statement, the company is in
solvent. The liabilities are placed at about
$200,000, with assets taken at their face
value amounting to $225,000 or $250,000 Of
this he believes that $100,000 is in worth
less accounts; that the company will fall
short approximately $100,000 in the settle
ment. This Phillips declares he will make
up to the creditors to the last cent. He
says he has lost or given up all of his
money and real estate, but that, accept
ing offers of financial assistance, .he will
resume business individually. Voluntarily
he proposes to give for the benefit of the
creditors every dollar of profit he makes
ln his transactions over and above $2500
a year, which he will keep for himself and
family.
The two directors of the company who
joined with Phillips in consenting to filing
the petition are C. B. Moore and W. K.
Sackett. The remaining director is John
P. Collis. W. K. Sackett has been placed
in charge of the affairs of the company
as receiver and will assume his duties to
morrow.
Since the middle of July, when the tan
gled condition of the books of the com
pany, was discovered, every effort had
been made to straighten out Its affairs.
Expert accountants have' overhauled the
books and have in some degree broughTt
order out of chaos. It Is estimated that
the assets of the company will aggregate
$250,000, and the liabilities will not exceed
?2oo,ooo. ;
The three creditors who signed' the peti
tion are J. A. Greenlee, H. F. Babbett and
W. R. Hutchins. The claims of these gen
tlemen range from $5000 to $25,000. Mean
while the statement Is nearly complete
and the exact condition of the company's
finances will, soon be known.
The filing of the petition and the ap
pointment of a receiver will enable the
company to continue m business. -
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.-On the petition of
three creditors of the George H. Phillips
Company a petition in bankruptcy has
been filed for the company ln the United
States District Court. George H. Phillips
and two other directors of the company
filed their consent that the petition be al
lowed, and the Chicago Title and Trust
Company has been appointed temporary
receiver.
There are two new priests in this city.
Rev. Father Cantlllon and Rev. W. Col
lins, lately of Brighton, Mass., arrived
here a few '- days ago and will take up
residence. Father Cantillon is a brother
of the assistant priest of Sacred Heart
parish. One of the newcomers will be as
signed to the Holy Redeemer parish to
assist Rev. Father McQuaide.
Throughout the day St. Ignatius Church
was crowded with devout worshipers. The
masses celebrated in the morning were
well attended. At the 10:30 mass many
could not find seats. The Rev. Richard
Bell was celebrant of the mass and he
was assisted by the Rev. Father Bealer,
deacon; the Rev. Father Buckley, sub
deacon, and Edward Foley, master of
ceremonies. Arthur Coglan and Ray Wil
son were the acolytes. " •
In the evening the services were very
solemn. Benediction •was given after ves
pers.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan partici
pated in the solemn high mass celebrated
at St. Mary's Cathedral at 10:30 o'clock
yesterday morning. He was attired ln full
Pontificals and delivered the Papal bless
ing. Rev. Father Prendergast, vicar gen
eral of the diocese, was celebrant of the
mass; Rev. Charles Ramm, deacon: Rev.
John B. Hannlgan, sub-deacon, and Rev.
Father E. P. Dempsey, master of cere
monies. At the ' conclusion of the mass
the Papal blessing was given by the Arch
bishop. This blessing is given but four
times a year— on Easter, Christmas, Pen
tecost and Assumption.
The altars of all the churches were
beautifully decorated and special music
was rendered at the solemn high mass.
Early masses, as on Sunday, were cele
brated in every Catholic church in this
city yesterday in honor of the Feast of
Assumption. This feast is in honor of
the death of the Blessed Virgin Mother.
It is a belief In the church that the Bless
ed Virgin's body was assumed into heav
en, and this belief is based on the fact
that no relics of the Virgin could be found
after her demise. A special day is set
aside, therefore, in memory of the As
sumption. Yesterday being the fixed day
of obligation, all Catholics attended mass
as on Sunday.
"It is not true. The employers need no
assistance or counsel in this matter. They
propose to settle affairs with their em
ployes without interference from any
body. They will recognize no one not di
rectly Identified- with the employers and
those they employ. They have denned
their position, and they will not recede
therefrom under any circumstances."
"Is it true that President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the State University has been
called upon as a sort of arbitrator of the
differences between the employers and the
strikers?"
"Such a committee is unnecessary. The
association has said what It will do In the
premises, and there will be no swerving
from that course." . ..
"Do you think a committee will be ap
pointed to confer with the committee of
one hundred?"
"We received the letter from the com
mittee of one hundred, but the matter
was not considered by the association. I
have sent no reply to Attorney Rothschild,
and from present appearances it is proba
ble there will be no reply."
Although the letter was delivered in
person to Attorney Michael of the asso
ciation on Wednesday evening, that gen
tleman placed it on file without' comment.
Several members of the association were
informed of the request contained ln the
missive, but the matter was not evidently
deemed of sufficient importance to cause
a special meeting of the association to be
held. When asked to state what action
the association would take relative to the
matter Attorney Michael said:
The committee of one hundred of the
Federation of Improvement Clubs waited
in vain yesterday for a reply to Its letter
to the Employers' Association requesting
that body to appoint a committee of eight
to confer with a like committee of the
federation with a view to effecting a set
tlement of the strike. ¦
Employers, Do Not Consider Improve-
ment Clubs' Plan.
The suggestion was favorably consid
ered. President Cluff said such a commit
tee would be appointed and that the mem
bers thereof would do all in their power
to effect a settlement of the strike
President Alpers of the Retail Grocers'
Association thereupon appointed a com
mittee to co-operate with the committee
to be appointed by President Cluff This
committee consists of George Alpers
chairman; Eugene McCoy, J. M Sullivan'
J. Salomon and P. A. Buckley '
A report was circulated after the meet
ing that the wholesalers had given in
structions to the retailers to refuse credit
to any of the strikers, the penalty of re
fusal being the positive declination of the
wholesalers to supply the retailers with
goods during the strike. When asked if
the report was true President Alpers of
the Retailers' Association said last niirhf
"The report is false in every particular'
The matter of shutting on! the credit of
strikers by the retailers was not even
broached at to-day's conference. No such
action will, in my opinion, ever be taken
The strike is injuring the retail trade
greatly, but if the trouble.is soon settled
things will be working smoothly 'within
a short time. We believe that the influ
ence of the wholesalers in trying to brlntr
about this result will be felt and recop
nized by the members of the Employers'
Association." . "
The question as to the action that
should be taken in the premises formed
the subject of prolonged debate. The an
nouncement by the Employers' Associa
tion that they would not recognize in
dividuals or organizations not directly
concerned in the strike was regarded as
an intimation that even the wholesalers
themselves would not be recognized
J. Salomon, a retailer, argued that both
sides should grant concessions. The em
ployers, he thought, were unnecessarily
firm at a time when a little diplomacy
might be exercised to advantage. While
he did not believe both parties to the con
troversy were In the right he did believe
that both could concede privileges to a«l-
v u nt ?/l* He des i r e<i that a committee
should be appointed by the wholesalers to
wait upon the employers with a view to
securing the promise of that body to re
consider its previous action in refusing to
recognize the unions.
The Retail Grocers' Association was rep
resented by George Alpers, president of
that organization, Eugene McCoy, vice
president, and J, M. Sullivan, secretary.
The general condition of trade ln conse
quence, of the controversy between the
employers and employes was discussed
pro and con. It was represented that the
retail grocers had lost from 25 to 40 per
cent of their business in consequence of
the strike and that the percentage of loss
was increasing daily. Inasmuch as the re
tailers are Innocent parties to the contro
versy they demanded that the wholesalers
take some step to effect peace between
the warring factions.
A conference of the members of the
"Wholesale and Retail Grocers' associa
tions was held at 123 California street yes
terday afternoon for the purpose of con
sidering ways and means to bring the
strike to an end. There were some thirty
business men ln attendance and William
Cluff, president of the Wholesale Grocers*
Association, was in the chair.
sider Strike Situation.
Wholesale and Retail Merchants Con-
Head of Southern Pacific
Declines to Discuss
Rumor.
Archbishop Riordan De
livers Pontifical
Benediction.
GROCERS IN CONFERENCE.
Creditors of the Former
Corn King Seek Aid "
in the Courts.
NO COMMITTEE OF EIGHT.
PRESIDENT HAYS
IS NOT TALKING
GIVEN IN NAME
OF THE PONTIFF
FILE PETITION
IN BANKRUPTCY
treated there, and requested to be sent
to his home at 505 Leavenworth street A
coupe was summoned and arrangements
made to comply with his request. The
union pickets on the front, however, were
on the alert, and finding- that the driver
of the coupe was a member of the Hack
men's Union, prevailed upon him to re
fuse to carry the Injured non-union man.
Bailey was taken back to the hospital,
where he will be held until his friends call
for him. . .
Retail Drugrglsts-C. L. Barrington, 1S0O Mar
ket street; H. F. "Wynne, Twenty-second and
Folsom streets; J. J. Mahoney. Tenth and Fol
pom streets: J. H. Dawson, Twenty-third and
Valencia streets: G. W. Burnett. 8 Turk street.
Retail Butchers' Association— H. C. Flageol
let, J. H. Larney, Thomas McKeon, Robert
Buckman, Robert "Wannermacher.
Retail Cigar Dealers-J. S. Parry, 56 Third
street; M. Coblentz. 1200 Market Etreet; A. C
Xnudsen. 6S Second street: A. H. Aubin. I
Grant avenue; William Harrison, 11 Powell
Retail Coal Dealers— F. P. Dooley. 1713 Mis
sion street; H^ C. Henderson. 1S09 Folsom
™f n : p - A-, McDonald. 813 Folsom street:
\Villiam McMann, Polk and "Washington
streets; P. J. Kelly. 421 Valencia street.
Retail Hatters— Cohl Bros., 226 Kearny street-
Kahn Bros., 1008 Market street: John Porcher'
1109 Market street; Collins & Co.. 1018 Market
street; G. W. Dixon. 767 Market street
Retail Clothiers— Roos Bros., 25 Kearny "street •
Raphael's, 9 Kearny street;' H. Lyons, 101
Kearny street: Pauson & Co., 200 Kearny
street; Goldman & Son. 3059 Sixteenth street
Retail Cloak Houses— Robert Hodge 905 Mar
ket street; Kelley & Llebes. 120 Kearny street:
Siminoff, 1228 Market street: Meyer Bros 400
Market street: A. Cailleau, 114 Kearny street.
Retail Grocers' Protective Association-George
Alpers. 356 Fifth street: J. M. Sullivan. 205 Par
rott building; Eugene McCoy. Sixteenth street-
J. Salomon. 396 Sixth street; P. A. Buckley.
1311 Stockton street.
p5f tal U urn i tu ,T^ Companies— "W. J. Pattosien.
£.0 ?? nth and Mission streets; M. Friedman
233 Post street; J. Noonan & Co., 1017 Mis
sion street; Charles M. Plum. 1301 Market
street: Joseph Fredericks. 649 Market street
Retail Glove Stores— Goldstein & Cohen 822
Market street: George A. Mosa, SOO Market
street: P. Centemeri & Co.. 200 Post street; A
A. Bernauer, 541 Valencia street; Carson Glove
Company, 35 Market street. -.
Retail Stationery Stores— Hooper & Co 746
Market street; Cummings & Sons, 327 Kearny
1-1^ Vv Waibe L, Bros -' Sixteenth street: Ed
ward Dennj', 207 Montgomery street- bodee
Stationery Company, 123 Grant avenue
Cycle Board of Trade-T. H. B. Varney, J.
W. Leavltt. Joseph Holly, J. R. Cornell J
Eames. '
Mechanical Tool Dealers-C. F. Marwedel 58
iirst street: Etlnee & Co., Sixth street; Os
born Hardware and Tool Company. Market
itlTV S>. lar . leS Stallman, First and Mission
streets; Eastman Bros.. Sixteenth and Valen
cia streets. J
T"HE Retail Dealers' Association,
which was formed Monday with
the avowed purpose of seeking re
lief from the evils' of .the strika
<5,, a sltuatlon » w »l hold a meeting
bunday afternoon to consider existing
conditions. Many of the merchants are
confident that the movement will assume
fi?\ Pr ° POrUons and that the association
win become a prominent factor in bring
ing the strike to an end.
Chairman W. J. Kenneyi who was au
thorized to appoint a committee consist
ng of five men in each of the more prom
inent branches of retail business in this
At th2 n «^J nc « d hi £ selec »ons last night.
SMdav r^M lme he Issu ed a call for the
L?H.rtk gl J to - be held ln Native
wm h? a i \,, Th ! dutIes of the committee
will be outlined at this meeting Thp
committee is composed of .SltolSwini?
ke" e s t t a ree? r V? >0 £ S^ J o mes M " Moral >. 1009 Mar'-
O nwtlV r Ose^ h F - Renault, 108 Ninth street;
PriiSS in* *?V Slxteenth street; Joseph
ket ftr«f w S . tOckton street : Hale Bros., uir-
Gents^ k e , ln >f. tOck^ & Lubln - Market street.
Fourth street; Carroll & Tilton 811 Markpt
man^^-V™ 511 - 42 Sixth'street? S?
S *^, ro Iu 49 ° Ha >' es street - •
street 8 : W w It 0^ 1 *- Katschlnski, 10 Third
5 V; W - H - Nolan. 1022 Market street- Lan
?i e £\?, r °f- 84S Mari «* street; M: MiluS * Co.
P.?iu ? S re % U DeaSy Br0S - 2° Slxth stree *'
™«.i J e r S Hai 2 ware Assoclation-T. J. Dean
g lZ d m iT s : B - c - Brown - c - A - Benne »- f:
Retail Grocers' Union— J. T. Hurley, D. W.
SffiosT • Ryan - JUUUS Berendsen - Henry
Their Injuries were slight, consisting prin
cipally of bruises and sprains.
CHOPS CANNOT BE MOVED.
The steamer "Wellington, with 2500 tons
of coal, docked at James P. Taylor's
bunkers to-day. Taylor failed yesterday
to get permission from the Longshore
men's Union in San Francisco to dis
charge the cargo. The coal teamsters
have threatened to strike if he shall put
a non-union gang at work. Taylor eays
he is going to try to unload the steamer
as his bunkers arc empty and retailers
have had no suppMes for ten days.
Building contractors ¦who have sublet
contracts to master painters that have
been marked as "unfair" will have to re
scind such sub-contracts or suffer a walk
out of all union workmen in their employ.
Such is the order which has been issued
by the Building Trades Council. This is
the first move by the council in its fight
to assist the journeymen painters in their
strike.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Because of the
strike in San Francisco the Southern P.v
ciflc Company has notified Its station
agents along its lines in Alameda County
that no cars will be furnished for hay
shipments until further notice. There are
thousands of tons of hay in the fields that
cannot be moved. Tremendous losses
threaten the farmers as warehouse facil
ities are inadequate. At Altamont 6000
tons of hay are in the fields. There is no
warehouse there.
In the orchard sections the growers are
as seriously affected. They are naulins
as much as the canneries can handle, but
in many instances the orchardists have
sold to San Francisco canners, who are
unable to handle the shipments. As all
contracts have a "strike" clause the pro
ducer suffers.
Great Losses.
Alameda County Farmers Will Suffer
Pickets Complain of Police.
Pickets for the strikers reported at
headQuarters yesterday that on "Wednes
day night policemen in longshoremen's
dress were patrolling in the vicinity of
Jackson-street wharf. They allege that
pickets were stopped by them, searched
for arms, roughly treated and compelled
to move on. They claim that when they
had been driven away a wagon drove up
with a half-dozen negroes, who were
rushed aboard one of the vessels lying
there.
"Wherea.8, In view of the present disturbed re
lations existing between the Employers' Asso
ciation and their employes, we, the members
of the Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, have
Resolved." That the action taken by the Police
Commission In appointing a large number of
irresponsible and inexperienced men to exercise
the duties appertaining to the enforcement of
police regulations is In our, Judgment Injudi
cious and a menace to the peace, security and
order ¦which should be maintained by the consti
tuted authorities. We desire to direct attention
to the fact that men employed as police officers
paid by private contribution will serve the con
tributor and cannot perform police duty im
partially. In our opinion the Police Commission
should draw uoon the urgent necessity fund,
¦when necessary, to employ such additional po
licemen, who should be solely under the control
of the ' constituted authorities, and thereby be
required to perform impartially this high and
Important duty.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs adopted the following resolution
at its meeting last night:
pointment of Special Officers.
Improvement Clubs Condemn Ap-
MENACE TO PEACE.
Messages were received from local
teamster organizations In various parts
of the United States promising the strik
ers abundant finacial support.
Father Yorke asserted that the strikers
were undeniably in the right, and de
clared that it was not only proper for
them to hold out, but that it was their
sacred duty to do so. In advising the
strikers to continue their fight for the
principles of unionism he stated that the
strikers had the sympathy and moral sup
port of the people at large.
The Rev. Father Peter C. Torke was
present by invitation at the regular week
ly meeting of the Brotherhood of Team
sters held last night at 117 Turk street
and addressed the members on the strike
situation. He commenced with the causes
which led the employers to lock their men
out and traced the course of the trouble
down to the present time. In conclusion
the speaker dwelt on the possibility of an
adjustment. Throughout his address
Father Yorke complimented the men upon
tKe stand which they had taken and en
couraged them to remain true to their
cause, ¦which he declared involved the
very dearest rights of man— namely, self
respect and personal independence.
main Firm.
Father Yorke Advises Strikers to Be-
TEAMSTERS HOLD MEETING.
&-^|->a HE developments of yesterday
1 1 seem to have Increased the diffl
j j culties In the way of a speedy set-
Ji tlement of tho labor controversy
rather than to have diminished
them, and employers and strikers alike
expressed the conviction that conciliation
was no longer possible.
The one rift in the cloud is the move
ment among retail merchants. The small
dealers are taking up the question in
earnest and the movement is gaining
strength daily. Their possible influence
pives rise to tho only hope of conciliation
that is entertained now.
The Employers' Association failed to
xr.ake any response to the Municipal Fed
eration of Improvement Clubs' communi
cation asking that a committee of five bo
appointed to confer with a similar com
mittee from the strikers and committees
from the bodies that are moving for con
ciliation. Moreover, Attorney Michael
caid that probably the request would not
even be considered.
The Municipal League renewed its ef
forts to bring employers and labor leaders
to a"n agreement upon terms of peace, and
Its representative was told by Mr. Michael
that he might just as well discontinue his
efforts.
Mr. Michael stated yesterday the posi
tion of the Employers' Association as
follows:
"The employers need no assistance or
counsel in this matter. They propose to
fettle affairs with their employes without
Interference from anybody. They have
denned their position and they will not
recede therefrom under any, circum
stances."
Michael Casey, president of the City
Front Federation, said there seemed no
hope left of an early settlement.
'"It looks as If tight is the only thing
left." he said, "and if they must have
fight we will proceed to give it to them in
earnest."
Andrew Fcruseih. secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, said there could be no settle
ment until the Employers' Association
phould consent to consider the terms of
ppace repeatedly submitted by the strik
ers.
"Then you will not submit any further
proposals for settlement?" he was asked.
I will not make it so strong as that,
but it is altogether improbable that we
will," was Mr. F'uruseth's reply.
AL0XG THE WATER FEONT.
Slips Go to Sea With Heavy Cargoes
and Others Arrive.
The steamers Pomona for Eureka, Sa
moa for Hardy Creek and George Loomis
for Ventura and the schooners Monterey
and Mary C for Coos Bay and Bodega
managed to get to sea yesterday. They
all carried heavy cargoes.
The Santa Rosa arrived from San Diego
yesterday afternoon. She carried a large
number of passengers and a large cargo
of general merchandise. The Gipsy got
in from Monterey with a load of bark,
and the brig Galilee arrived from Honoipu
with a load of sugar and hides. The Ger
man ship Erato, in ballast, got in from
lquique.
The Kosmos liner Anubis was taken
Into the stream yesterday afternoon. To
day the South Portland will be moored
along one side of the vessel and the steam
echooner National City will be moored
on the other and the work of loading her
with coal and railroad ties will be com
menced. It is expected that the Anubis
will be ready to sail to-night.
The Peru will not be able to get away
until Saturday. She was scheduled to sail
to-day, but her owners were unable to get
help enough to handle the cargo waybilled
to her.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
will start in to-day to load the steamer
Colon. She has been used as a boarding
house for the non-union men engaged in
handling the freight on the Mail dock
since the inception of the strike. The
company will bring the San Bias down,
from Martinez and turn her into a "bunk
house" to replace the Colon.
The captains of the vessels owned by
the Pollard Steamship Company started
in yesterday morning to unload the Coro
nado at section B of the seawalL The
Coronado is loaded with lumber.
There was no change yesterday In the
conditions surrounding 1 the unloading of
the colliers anchored In the bay and
moored at the various bunkers. The men
work steadily and get out enough coal to
make a Ehowtng, but the quantity taken
out of the vessels is not large enough to
supply the demands made by the retailers.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will endeavor to get the Bonita ready for
eea by Saturday. Since the commence
ment of the strike the Bonita has been
laid up and no attempt has been made to
get her away for a trip to the way ports
Fouth. The company officials claim that
they have all the help they need at pres
ent and will be able to g-et her ready for
her regular trips.
Only two people -were treated at the
Harbor Emergency Hospital yesterday
¦whose Injuries vrere due to the strikers.
They were William Tait of 32 Tehama
street and J. O'Leary of €25 I>avls street.
EMPLOYERS' ASSOCIATION REJECTS
LATEST PLANS OF THE MEDIATORS
Retail Merchants Arranging to Hold a Meeting in Native Sons' Hall
Sunday Afternoon to Consider Means to Effect a
Settlement of Labor Controversy*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1901.
5
THE EMPORIUM. \ . THE EMPORIUM. " | ' THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM: \
| Half -Price Corset Sals i Friday and VHF OfOPOI&lll^fi Little Princess Doris, jj^t old i
| Saturday—famous makes, new goods. Second |H||' ** AH*«I Japanese singer and dancer— Attraction ' Hall, *
H floor, near elevator. W^ Ooldenftnie BaXrt AI*. daily, io a. m. to c p. m.—free. ' $
jg '¦'¦'.¦'- :¦:. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE . ¦ "^° £
| Ribbon Sale /> g lil^li W MM 7\H~ Men's Furnishing \
| FHdsy and Saturday. -OtOXlTlilO G °° ds Clearance. S
| /^V fl^ A S P eclaI bu y,° f •. , ¦ ' v <> ,. . a P« DOy6. We have put quick .alc'prices on the balan«of jj
Jf lW ! 5°° yards of SDH JBBF^K Jl ¦*^"V^^ £^ • ° Ur 8ummer stocks in this department, and J€
& Wf "Swlfi'i 1 Lkl Printed Warp All- i~^k A T"i"*r* 4- l*>t. S& B^-^^3 /^Sk on all lines where sizes are missing or quan- 'J
J'f il ill/' Silk Fancy Rib- K^P-.-M- ' OI 1 XilC 1 -^^ tHi " arc sma11 - Herc are a few of 5
J ¦ b i/ ' '£ * ' ' i^Av : - 6am P'c values for Friday and Saturday : X
$ ' MWT J/eAn *"?Jy Assortments Stiil Complete. -/S^fflk v^ ab i^ kwM r Ou rTr stocko /, band I
& - ///* //A % .*/ -^ . * *+•¦+ r *» *m : MW>wW\\vXW\ and shield bows, bat and club ties and four- Jf
$ M/W/pr='ty 'Dresden pattern, Greater reductions than ever on the ¦¦fMww\' inhindsaC Aa/fpWc0. $
f Mr'^iu with woven g° !d balance of th 8 Summerfield whole- : > )8ffiBf|| ISaJI • Men * s Ribfcd Worstcd Und *™« r > 3 6 i
£ ' mlmU stripes ' fevcn of the sale stock, tho broken sixes of *£MiM?%? «° *** drawers 3S to 4 °' rcgularIy T^~ £
I Iff iliiSii^^iS^i^i^ iHf SsSfe^HI
n*"*'\h\ blue N*i hv regular unes. • plte&nN. n;cey finishe -» instead of 50c r% _ -J
£ LJ7 maize and'red nZlv Suits for $4.35-Mcn>s 357.50 K|» ./."TTT *
j: p!§f / d ' rCgUlrly ™* H0.00 suits, made of excellent cheviots and cas- I Men * ColoT A td ***-** «»»»s !«* $
WLs*-B^™^^ - nobby mixtures or in plain blues and black, I P j ; ."^ $^. 93C $
*£ \MS^^^^>vf!p*7^ Friday and w -... -$4r.35 n| Men's Shirts — Another line of Ji. 00 J
% b— uav 5?7r» Fifteen-DoUai* Suits for $8.95- Stylish wontedi, II If Percales, reducd to OJC j
X , ' ¦ ill ' * * ** bluc and bljc: f S "S«» al !-™° 1 tw « d » and ehewoti, o _ IN Men's 25c Cotton Socks— Tan only, m - £
$ «HIIA»f C.I- -/ ' new. p a tterat in latest co onngs-now.. . . . $8.95 \ J I ! to-dar and Saturday, pair .19C Z
J Special Safe Of T™"<y- OollRr Overcoats $f#.45-Engli,h J§E Boys' Shirts-Stiff bcom, good percale, extra |
* Salts* SHir whipcord?, covm and Oxford gray cheviots, and worsted; silk s'.eevs 35^^^ cuffi to match reeuVlv Vsc row 5
5 +3>*aiSia &ili€, . linings in al of the coats, some of thrm silk lined _'^ _ &* cuiw io matcn, regu.a ly 7jC, row _ _ #
K Satti Silk is the new mater' a', fcr comforters, throughout; b r g va'ues at.'. $MM.*S"5 "¦ M
J. draperies, etc. It. is heavier than silkoU^ EOY&' $7,50 Suits fOP $4.90-tag pants suits for boys IO to jo years, made C^««^-»f O-l- -/ S
J£ net quite so h:avy as satitn, a full yard or a!l-wco! cheviot and cas;imerw-s in blue and fancy, nvxtures: dur:n» this sale * PBCS3I O«ff£? Of »J
ft \v:de, Orienfal and floral pattern?, a splendid . .. ...... .. . " &J1 QQ DE* 4 V* f X
\ lmlfcr 1 1n ??^1*3#€?^^^^^ rnotoffrapns or |
g this lot, Friday only, per yarJ. . .. 1JC 8 to 15 years, in n:vv grays, greens and dark mixture-, good E crv:ceable suits for * I AiSSffB BM§ «
J — school; now.. ; ;... $1.98 MB 4M- *% I'M ; : • f • ¦ S
* Writing Tablets 6c. Boys' $4.oo school suits ton $2.4a—A\i^\ i "cheViots and cass i- northern Uaiilornia >t
f The IOC kind, in note, packet and 'e fr sizes "T '" " = «;* J Fa ttrnS; WSll " CUt ' 8tylhh doub:e - brea5tc l J'^et and knee tf Several disappointed customers have as'«i usto ' £
I in gothic, linen, sa-inwove and smooth fin. J^VS* 8 Wl^l "|P?£* " > ' ' ¦ g&V 92.48 P«t those A'aska and Northern California . X
*' Jsh— 3000 tablets on specialsale to- _ UOyS ' $6.UV Suits TOf $3. 48— Three-piece knee pants suits, aU-wool cheviots Photographs on special sals again. A'e per- «J
5 day on'.y, each . .. . OC cais.mcres ;nl new fall patterns, stylish double-breasted vetts, sizes for boys _ haps rave enough of them let for two days* "^
J 10 to 15 yea^s; during this sale $3 »48 selling, and so will make the offer once more '*
it M 4 4 *%*& Men's PantS— AH woo', $3.00 values; during th's salt.. ' * S1 71 or Frida y and Saturday until 6 p. m. on!y at 3»
K SSWS&GB^ *5fGm Men's PantS— $500 worsted pan's; during this sale. "".'""" «9» half off regular marked prices. The?e rho- 'J
j£ ' " •: " " <***.**** tographs, 5x7 and 8x is inches in s : ze, ijive jj
f* B^m* #fc K - - . ; > a Vivid portraval of the wonderful god fie'd* X
t 10-uay only. Crockery Dept. Specials. ?£r^^t£Mz 1
I ia/s Four iiS*^ bar8ains for t °- i ' rs < Fr:d "> iho^- ssss ggifei fe a ~ T - % i
JC special sale from 8 a. m. until 6 __ L »- ' JL — ; jf
V p.m. to-day only, per ¦ Yf^V • & ISC Sheeting H'^C. %
K square. <ti» M fer /f^^^^O^ <^T v< -^0v ' \^~&/ t^^ ==^ A lot of 25 pie:es of heavy sheeting fcr 1/ or
$ LitgiiOr S&le* Ft l^ffl^r^iJL / II ST MLsJ feans^f dressing, 6 3 inches wide.'usually 15c ' £
i^^^^^ffi^i^ uTw^^^mhv '4*%k f (^m^ w^fj, " **' price for *""*• ldBag - • Lg ' *
9£ Harper"s Whiskey— Rje or bourbon, repuarly - < l^~tf ¦¦ . _g^ y PfiOfOS §2.00 DOZCf? "5
¦:- t L--- 7 ?° Breakfast Set— A dear Night Lamp-O^al de.- oil t r Vinegar Bottle Fine Semi-Porcelain The Card de Visite size, s#x 3 lf inches, on 5
£ ge 2Ti e ' " e . lmltlt: ° J n , CUt orated NghtLam F , _ Genuine imported BowI-GoM edge, heavy beveled^dge mounts, the very b^t class £
i' M UF "7*1 w V T PC - S'l 970 SaiVnanswd^ign, . with gobe to match, Cut" Glass, a gocd flow blue decoration, of work; you cannot get bet- I. $
K Malt Ex ract-Wyehs Tone Mat Extract, regu'arly 85 c, to- lay a splendid va;ue at value at |i.oo each, a beauty, worth aoc t» at $lL a doz : our price $1.00 *
I P" dozen-spec^ tc^ay co^et.- T&WXT* '^^9^ ManteHcf, siL 4x6 inches, L. :T...«fT50 g
J y> • **•*' set &^G c al to-day *$2?G d^yonly. O/C cial to-d»y. I OZC Cabinet*, a'l sty?e» mounts, doz $2 SO %
ALASKA'S MOST REMARKABLE MURDER |
BY UNITED STATES ATTORNEY-GENERAL ROBERT A. FRIEDRICH.
¦fr ,
• _ • EXPERIENCES IN THE YAQW • _ %
0 § INDIAN COUNTRY. © S
S S BY JOSE DE OLIYARES. | |
1 5 VENEZCEU AND HER REVO- f |
I 8 LUTIOXS. g •
© © BY 0. F. VON RHEIN. & #
S S LITTLE PEOPLE OF THE PAN- 8 8
8 8 AMERICAN MIDWAY. 8 8
• • © o>
o © e o
© © • ©
© • © ©
o © \^/mlL_iL o ©
© e . o © .
S •oooeeoeeoa&oooooooooeoooooog I
8 g 'h WAS THE DEATH OF © ©
8 • BRITISH CONSUL PICKERS- o 8
% 8 GILL FORETOLD? 8 %
Q • © •
© 8 THE PEOPLE OF THE GOLF © •
S 8 AND POLO TOURNAMENT. 8 8
S • FASHIONS, BOOKS, STORIES | •
; 8 LJ 8 OF HUMAN INTEREST. 8 *— ©
1 cqeo.3#e<go cooooceoe©
THE SAMPSON-SCHLEY CONTROVERSY j
TRANSCRIPT OF Of F1CIAL MESSAGES THAT PASSED BETWEEN THEM OFF SANTIAGOFRIDAY. ......" • . .AUGUST 16, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ..
Atiztu All CcKBunicttioni • to W. 8. LEASE, Xu&gcr. -
<! WAGER'S OFFICE Telephone . Press 204
ri-ULlCATIOJf OFFICE. .".Market and. Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
D*It*-ered fir Carrier*. 15 On<« Per Werlr.
Stniri* Copiffw. 5 Cent*.
Terms t>r Mall, Inelndlnir Poataaref
DAILT OAJLX< ClnctadlDc Sunday). oa« T*a.r. .............. .tt.V>
DJUX.T CALX, rinclndlne Sunday). C month*.. ............. S.M
DAILT CALL rincludlor Sunday), * months 1.50
T>*TLT CALL— By Slnrl« Month «*>
FCKDAT CALL. Ot>« Tear..... l.»
WEEKLY* CALL. One Tear. *•«
All postmaster* nre authorized to rceelr*
______ subscriptions.
Cusp!* copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
•fat! rcbPcrfber* Jn erderlnc chanr* of «ddr*M should b€
rcrttenlar to rfw bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tsrare a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLAXD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. CRORGG KROGXRS*-.
Yurger Foreign Advertising, Ktrqnetts Building. Chicigi.
(Leer Distance Telephone "Central 2tl>.")
JCEW TORE CORRESPONDENTS
C. C CARI/rOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
ITEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnildlnx
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS*
Wilcerf-Artcrl* Hotel; A. Brentano. Jl tTnloa Square:
tlcrrar H!!l Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS- STANDS:
Sherman Honse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frracnt House: Auditorium Hotel.
nnA.TCIT OFFICES 5*7 Montgomery. mm«r *>f C!«». open
rnttl t:J8 o'clock. WO Hayee. open until •:*» o'clock. KB
McAIllrter. er*n until 9:10 -o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9M o'clock. 1M1 Mission. ep*n until 10 o'clock. 1281 Market.
•wner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. V<M Valencia, open
eotn • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until > o'clock. 'NW.
•"orner Twenty-»eeond and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
?!W> F.'llmore. «<p»n until 9 p. m.
- CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal.. will .be the popular summer resort this
season. . It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and ¦ health. . Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexecelled.
ARBOR DAY-U. K, S., Alameda, Cal.
Arbor Day is a legal holiday in Arizona,
Minnesota, North Dakota, j Wisconsin,
Wyoming, Nebraska, Montana, Utah.
Rhode Island, Florida. Georgia, Colorado
and Idaho. • The , credit of .Arbor Day - is
British tax collectors have reckoned the recent grant
of $500,000 to Lord Roberts as a part of his income
for the year and have made him pay $30,000 income
1 - ¦•*¦¦--«.,
In comparison with the popular interest excited by
the yacht races of former years for the -America's cup
the contest ; thiSj year is noted with something of
apathy. Should the Britisher manage to get away
with the trophy, however. . there would be thrill
enough to stir the people of both. countries. „
In the truly -happy raarriage. the wife
always allows her husband to attend to
the selection of his own necklies and
socks.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— The following
Californians are In, New York: From San
Francisco— R. G. Brown, at the Murray
Hill: C.-E. Gergan. at the Morton: E. Ka!
lsher. at the Imperial; F. C. Morgan and
wife, at the Manhattan; M. Shaughne33y.
at' the Grand.
From Sacramento-^-E. E. Condo, at tbe
Albert. >•
From • San Jose — W. Reynaet. at • tt»e
Grand Union,
Californians in New York.
A New Yorker who enjoys a -salary of $9000 a year
testified in court the other day that he could not pay
a bill of $200. He should hire a financial manager or
consult a commission on idiocy.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to
40c. 81 4th St., front of barber and grocery •
Estrada Palma, the. Cuban revolutionist, appears
to be a most extraordinary sort of a person.- In
all apparent sincerity he says he doesn't want to be
President of the liberated island.
SHOOTING— O. S., City. Shooting at
live birds or blue, rocks and shooting at
targets are not in the same class. In the
one a fowling piece and scattering shot
is used while In' the other a rifle with a
single' piece of lead is used. The bird or
blue rock shooter has to be accurate and
quick, while the target shooter. has to be
firm, with steady. nerve, and must calcu
late distance, windage 'and load. It is
held by .target shooters that such shooting
is the most skillful. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per \ u a; Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
mometer.
Notwithstanding the hot spell that injured the
corn crop, Kansas is not howling calamity. Under
the influences of protection and sound money her
prosperity has mounted even higher than the ther-
For the information sought in relation
to school lands in California apply to the
United States Surveyor General In the
same building. '. ¦
TAKING UP LAND— J. J. V., City.
The law governing taking up of United
States Government land was published in
The Call of July 24, 1901, in this depart
ment. For additional ' information apply
to the United States Land Office, 610 Com
mercial street. ¦ , ' , '.-
There must be a considerable war going on between
Colombia and Venezuela, for the reports state that in
one battle the Colombians lost upward of 000 men,
but somehow the rest of the world takes less interest
in the affair than in a skirmish in South Africa where
one man is killed and two mules captured.
WAGES— A. S., City. Wages as a rule
are paid by the month and are based on
the rule of from the beginning to the last
day of the month Inclusive, at so much
per month. If a party works only half a
month under that rule he is entitled to
half a month's pay, irrespective of the
fact that a month is .a long or a, short
one. ...
THE COLD SHOULDER-H. D. A..
Sonora, Cal. This correspondent writes:
"Would it be a gross breach of etiquette
for a lady to salute, shake hands with a
number of lady guests, with many apolo
gies; then turn, .facing her affianced, and
with a formal bow say 'excuse me,' and
then go driving with her brother in the
same direction and over the same road
she had declined to ride with the cne she
is engaged to? Then again If at the next
meeting, in the presence of relatives and
friends, she should, when asked by her
affianced for an evening, say only 'I will
see you again,' and offer no explanations,
would that be sufficient to break off the
engagement?" This department does not
care to give advice in love affairs, in the
c&se mentioned it is possible that the lady
is testing the temper of her affianced, or
she may be giving him the cold shoulder.
In either case the affianced should meet
the lady arid have . an explanation. ' Her
conduct certainly warrants him in asking
for one. ;
the Chief of Police says the scheme would have no
other effect than that of disturbing the peace. It
would appear, however, the singing might have two
good results— first, it might scare thieves away, and,
second, it might keep the police awake.
A musical society in Chicago wishes the police
force of that city to be trained in chorus singing, but
BREWERS' M/1KS— A. O. S., City.
The marks on casks containing beer or
ale signifies the degree of strength.. X
stands for the Latin word simplex or sin
gle,XX for duplex or., double and XXX
for triplex or triple strength. AK means
light bitter beer; AKK. lighter still, P.
A., pale ale, and XL, extra strong, being
40 as compared with 30, XXX.
HOMESTEAD— Subscriber. Sacramento.
Cal. Entries under the United States
homestead law can be completed after
five years actual residence. Final rroof
can be made after five years from date
of entry or of actual • residence on the
land, and must be made before the expir
ation of seven years from date of entry.
The fourteenth and fifteenth' amendments to the
constitution, says the Senator, have no more to do
with the issue than any other part of the organic law.
The grandfather clause is false to every principle of
our politics. Moreover, every step taken toward es
tablishing a hereditary right to suffrage is a menace.
Warming to this phase of his subject he says: "The
transmission of the electoral power by the -blood of
inheritance from fathei to son would destroy all dis
tinction between regal government and democracy,
and Would throw the door wide open for a return to
the system that the American Revolution abolished.
The steps would be few and would be rapidly taken to
the complete restoration of monarchy so soon as; we
give to any; class of voters the power to qualify their
sons as voters by inheritance. In this* case it is the
first step that tells with fatal and irrevocable effect.
The argument is irresistible that offices should follow
the blood if the power that creates them is the blood
of inheritance; and this is all' that is meant in the
In an open letter Senator Morgan declares the
American Revolution was not so much a battle for
a redress of grievances as it was a struggle to abol
ish heredity in government. Our republic is founded
upon the principle that the right to share in govern
ment "is personal, and can neither be sold nor dele
gated, nor transmitted by inheritance nor by will to
any other person," and he asserts that "to make blood
the medium of transmitting the electoral power from
father to son is to uproot from its foundations the
whole system of democratic government and- rein-,
state the system and the form of regal government."
SENATOR MORGAN of Alabama has long been
regarded in the Senate and out of it as the
ablest representative of the Bourbonism that
for so long a time has dominated Southern politics
and Southern society. He has never held liberal views
on any subject, and upon the question of negro suf
frage has been an extreme reactionist. Nevertheless,
he has found the action of the Alabama constitutional
convention in suppressing negro suffrage in that State
too reactionary for him. Early in the proceedings
of. the convention he uttered his protest against the
proposed scheme of introducing into the constitution
"a grandfather clause," as it is called. He had no
objection to- depriving the negro of his vote while
leaving the ballot in the hands of illiterate whites, but
he did object to that method of doing it.
PLACER MINES-W. P.. New York
City, N. Y. The records of bills passed
by the Legislature of California fail to
show that there ever was enacted a law
"authorizing the issuance of bonds in the
sum of $1,000,000 during the early days of
the State to pay for Chinese placer
claims."
COPYRIGHT— "W. H. N. G., City. In
regard, to obtaining copyrights of books
on or before the day of publication of
your book in this or any other country
send a printed copy o' the title of tha
book, with your name. etc. (as on Ihe
prospective title page), to the Librarian
of Congress, "Washington. D. C. inclos
ing 50 cents for recording the copyright
claim and another 50 cents for a copy of
this record if you wish to have one. Then,
not later than the day of publication, in
this country or abroad (under pain of
losing your, copyright and being mulcted
to the extent of $25), send two of the most
perfect copies of your took to the Libra
rian aforesaid, and this will "perfect" the
copyright. For blanks apply to the Li
brarian of Congress as above. To protect
your book send filled blank and two copies
to ftie Librarian with 51 for registration
and certification fee.
HEREDITARY PRIVILEGE. 1
Dr, Albert W. Kirk, tfce well-known
oculist and member of the Bertellng Com
pany, will leave to-morrow fcr an ex
tensive tour of investigation of the lead
ing ophthalmological institutions of the
East and Europe.
Arthur T..Goldbough of "Washington. D.
C, Is among the arrivals of yesterday at
the Palace. He is in. the hands of his
friend. Orrin Peck.
Mortimer F. Taylor of New York, ac
companied by his daughter, the Baroness
R. Avegana, is at the Palace, en route to
Peking. 1 .
G. H. Scheverley, the Orovllle banker,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Mrs. Thomas R. Bard, wife of United
States Senator Eard, i 3 at the Occidental.
F. J. Hamilton, a fruit grower of Hol
lister, is at the Lick.
Dr. James W. Hammond of Byron was
in -the city yesterday.
State Senator W. F. Maggard Is at tha
Grand from Corning.
O. J. "Woodward, a banker of Fresno, la
registered at the Lick.
Sam Matthews, .1 cattleman of Salinas,
is a guest at the Russ.
Vt, A. Farish. a wealthy mining man of
Denver, is at the Palace.
Thomas A. Lewis, a prominent resident
of Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. H. K. Ball are registered
at the Palace from New York.
Among the recent naval arrivals at the
Occidental is Dr. J. W. Backus.
C. "W. Easton. a prominent attorney of
Modesto, is a guest at the Grand.
Professor W. W. Campbell of the Lick'-
Observatory is at the Occidental.
B. Cussick, a lumberman and capitalist
of Chlco, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. C/L. Gregory, a leading physician
of Yreka, is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas Flir.t Jr. has come up from hla
home in San Juan and is at the Palace.
Dr. T. D. Blodgett of Tulare is at tha
Grand.
Captain TV. "W. Mead, U. S. N.. Is at tha
Palace.
J. D. Milton, a Texas mining man, is at
the Grand.
Dr. F. E. Lumls of Marcus, Iowa, Is a
guest at the Grand.
Joseph R. Ryland. the San Jose banker.
Is at the Occidental.
Charles Snow of Fresno is at the Ocd-^
dental.
MACHINE SHOPS— S. W. W. t City. To
enter an apprentice in a machine shop in
San Francisco apply to the proprietor of
the shop. You will find a list of such
shops in the classified portion of the san
Francisco directory, in the • back part
thereof.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SCHUETZEN— A. F. M., City. A Ger
man Schuetzen who shoots for a money
prize is not considered a professional. The
Schuetzen recognize only as a professional
one who is engaged in the sale of rifles
and takes part in the shooting.
CONSOLIDATED VIRGINIA-E. "W.,
Golden Gate, Cal. The highest price paid
for Consolidated Virginia was $750 per
snare. The record is: "11 a. m. January
6, 1875, Jere Lynch to C. "W. Bonynge, 100
Con. Virginia at $750, buyer 30." * -
To join the naval militia of California
the party desiring to join must .lie an ap
plication with the commanding officer of
the division he wishes to join. He must
be not under 18 nor more than 43 years
of age; must be in good physical condi
tion and have a good moral character. If
a minor he must have the consent of his
parents or guardian.
NAVAL MILITIA— S. and O. N. S., City.
The books that are now used by the naval
militia in addition to those on navigation
are: Hand Book of Naval Gunnery; Ar
tillery Drill Regulations, U. S. N.: Phy
sical Drill. U. S. N.; Infantry and Artil
lery, U. S. N.; Gun and Torpedo Drills,
U. S. N.. and Luce's Seamanship Regula
tions. These are furnished by the Navy
Department to the officers of the militia
and by them imparted to the men behind
the guns.
"WHEREABOUT— Fritz, City. The best
authorities agree that whereabout and
whereabouts, meaning the place where
one is, are the same and that It is cor
rect to say or write "his whereabouts is
unknown."
STATE AID-C. S., City: Asylums and
other institutions that support orphans,
half orphans, foundlings and abandoned
children in California receive State aid.
This is irrespective of denomination.
COIN OF SARDINIA— H. T.. Niles, Cal.
The coin described is a five-lire piece
issued during the reign of Carlos Felix,
1821-31. A firm in New York charges for
such a coin from $2 to $2 50.
It is expected that Bishop Moore's report to his
church will make a sensation throughout Christen
dom, and will be more than the mere sensation of
a day. It will sting the civilized conscience into
demanding that the Governments of Christendom
infuse justice and fairness into their relations with
China. For the good of what we boast as our civili
zation nothing more desirable and useful can be done.
It has been long apparent that what is called, the
"missionary spirit" in its dealings with China has
been governed by anything but justice and Christian
ethics, and the Western powers have taken their
cue from its savage aggressions. A change will
benefit the Occident more than the Orient. "
The latest testimony in that direction is by the
Methodist Bishop, David H. Moore of Frankfort,
Ind. He is in China ss a representative of the Meth
odist church to study the causes that led up to the
Boxer outbreak. He has traveled 5000 miles in the
Chinese empire and made an exhaustive study of the
conditions which preceded the disturbance. In a
letter which foreshadows his report he defends China
in the most forcible language. After stating in de
tail the infamous treatment to which the Western
powers subjected that country for sixty years, he
says: "Great wrongs the Chinese have committed,
but with a tenth part of the provocation we would
have done a thousand times more and greater."
We have heretofore shown that the disturbing
presence of missionaries, outside the treaty ports,
lests upon an infamous forgery in the French treaty
of i860, the criminal act of a Christian missionary,
and we have approved every expression from respon
sible authorities of different branches of. the Chris
tian church that did justice to the Chinese and re
buked the chicanery of the Western powers.
NOW that the world's suspicion is being set on
edge by rumors of a recrudescence of anti
foreign violence in China, it is a good time to
consider the subject of making China behave like
other nations by treating her as they treat each
other.
RESIDENCE-D. G. C. San Jose, Cal.
If a man was a resident of San Jose at
the time he enlisted in the United States
army he would not lose that residence
while in the service of Uncle Sam. ! If he
had been a resident of Houston. Texas,
and a year before his discharge from the
army at expiration of term of service he
had sent his personal effects to San Jose,
California, with the intention of making
that his home after leaving the army, the
sending to and keeping in San Jose of hi3
goods for a year would not make him a
resident of that place. He would be a
citizen of the State he last lived in. He
would not by the act described become a
citizen of California. r
-The burghers have already proven the truth of
Kruger's statement that they, could not be cpn
quered except at a cost that would "stagger human
ity."' Kitchener's proclamation and the menace of
an uprising of the blacks' add additional blows to
those that have already staggered the humanity of
the civilized world. To many! of the Boers the
threat will of , course be an idle one.* They
would prefer banishment to submission to British
rule, and as their property has been already destroyed
they can suffer no further loss in? that way. They
will, however, have to consider not themselves but
others, and that consideration may make some of the
bravest. hesitate. The crisis in 'the war. has been
reached, and it remains to be" seen .how . the valiant
defenders of the liberties of South Africa will. meet it.
• The design of the proclamation is of course to
bring the war to a speedy end. Virtually it amounts
to a warning that hereafter the Boers will not be
treated as prisoners of war. It' is an open declara
tion of a determination on the part of ihe to
conquer at all hazards, and from the tenor of the
discussion concerning the advisability of arming the
blacks to help on the conquest it seems more than
probable that if the Boers still continue* the strug
gle they will have to face a fight conducted according
to the severest methods known to the wars of any
period. . .
The /preamble closes with the assertion: ''It is
just to proceed against those still resisting, and es
pecially against those who, being in a position of
authority, are responsible for the continuance of the
present state of lawlessness." Therefore the procla
mation is issued that the commandants, field cornets
and other leaders of armed bands must surrender by
the date named or be permanently banished. .
The proclamation is preceded by a long preamble
setting forth reasons which in the judgment ... of
Kitchener justify it. These, briefly stated, are: The
Orange Free State and the South African republic
have been annexed to his Majesty's dominions; his
Majesty's forces are in complete possession .of all
the seats of government of the two republics and
of all towns and offices; a majority of the citizens
of the republics, to the number of 35,000, exclusive of
those who have fallen in war, are either prisoners or
have submitted to British authority and are living
peaceably in the towns of the colonies; the burgh
ers still in arms have lost nearly all their guns and
are incapable of carrying on regular war; they con
tinue, however, to nake isolated attacks upon out
posts and to disturb the country, thus checking the
resumption of industry; his Majesty's Government
is determined to put an end "to a. state of things
which is aimlessly prolonging bloodshed and de
struction and inflicting ruin upon a great majority of
the inhabitants."
a RECENTLY issued Parliamentary paper
Z\ contains the full text of the proclamation of
¦*¦ *- Lord Kitchener on August 7 calling upon all
Boer commanders and ..leaders to surrender their
foVces before September 15 under penalty of being
permanently banished from South Africa when cap
tured. The proclamation contains the further an
nouncement: "The cost of the maintenance of the
families of all burghers in the field who have not
surrendered by September 15 shall be recoverable
from such burghers and shall be a charge upon their
property, removable and immovable, in the two colo
nies."
KITCHENER'S PROCLAMATION.
ZOOLOGICAL— O. G., City. It Is not
correct to pronounce zoological as if the
first three letters were one syllable. The
proper pronunciation is zo-o-loge-i-cal.
A BISHOP ON CHINA.
XJNCOLORED KIDS— Meta, City. TJn
colored kids or leather may be^ cleaned by
sponging -with a weak solution of oxalic
acid dissolved in warm water.
given to J. Sterling Morton, who was
Governor of Nebraska and who later be
came Secretary of Agriculture. He con
trived It as a means of raising up a bar
rier of trees a'gainst the fierce blizzards
of the west and the scorching blasts of
the south. The day was Inaugurated by
the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture
in 1S74, the second Wednesday in April
being the day.
THE BUFFALO— E. M. T., City. The
American buffalo Is practically extinct
aside from those in the national parks
and in private inclosures.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TIME works wondrous effects, and gradually the accepted order of tnln.es
is being changed — even as regards ordinary playing cards. ' That is to say.
a section of republican Frenchmen have at last risen up in arms against
allowing kings to reign even on playing cards.
Why, they say, should not President Loubet's or the late M. Carnot's likeness
appear on playing-cards where those of the familiar card kings now appear? Are
they not far more worthy of the honor, and would not the innovation be good
for the cause of republicanism; whereas, under present conditions, is not the idea
of monarchical government being constantly fostered covertly? .
Or, even 'f latter-day men are not deemed worthy of such honor, why not re
place the familiar king's head by pictures of such illustrious Frenchmen as Mac-
Mahon, ThieVs and Grevy, to name but three?
The same argument, too, is applied in the case of the modest looking card
queen, whom it is proposed to depose in, favor of republican women who have fig
ured prominently in the past.
This brilliant idea has already received a rude check, however, for the Parlia
mentary Commission which has-been sitting on a petit-ion on the subject, which
was recently forwarded to the Chamber, has endeavored to nip the notion in the
bud by replying that the change is impossible, inasmuch as it would ruin quite a
number of playing card factories. How this could well be is hard to discern, for
surely new dies must be cut some time or another,- and when they are it would be
just as easy to design heads of republicans as of monarchs. Moreover, if the new
cards were introduced they would probably rapidly become fashionable. In which
case numbers of people who are at present quite contented with their packs would
hasten to buy new ones in order to be up to date. We shall probably he^r more of
the proposal at some future date.
A notable feature of the report is the showing of
the extent to which irrigation is practiced. During
the decade 543 miles of irrigation ditches were con
structed at a cost of $1,508,469, and the results jus
tify the prediction that there will be a much larger
area of land-brought under irrigation in the imme
diate' future. Of a considerable portion of the Ter
ritory the i-.ort says: "In many essentials it is not
unlike certain districts on the southern and western
shoi.... _f the Mediterranean, where irrigation is older
than the history of the race that now inhabits it.
Without irrigation thb part of Arizona is a semi
tropical desert; with irrigation it is capable of sus
taining a dense population, limited only by the water
supply." The great problem of Arizona is that of
conserving the water of the rainfalls which now runs
away in torrents. With that problem solved-Arizona
will literally blossom as the rose.
The statistics of the bulletin show there are now
5809 farms in Arizona, with a total acreage of 1,935,
327 acres, of which 254,521 are improved. Of. these
farms 1769 are owned by Indians. In 1890 there were
only 104,128 acres of improved lands in the .Terri
tory. In 1890 the average size of farms was 910 acres,
and in 1900 468 acres. The total value of. the farm
land, with improvements, implements, and livestock,
is placed at $29,960,875. The increase in farm wealth
for the decade amounted to 162 per cent.
BiT the recently issued Census Bulletin relating
to agriculture in Arizona an excellent showing
is made of the progress .of they people • in
building up the rural industries of that Territory.
It is stated that in 1890 agriculture in Arizona
ranked second to mining in the proportion of one to
seven, and that although the present value of the min
eral product of the Territory is not known, it is ob
served that the value of all agricultural products in
1899 equaled the value of all mineral products • in
1889, and therefore.it is probable the relative impor
tance and. value of agricultural .products have in
creased in the decade.
AGRICULTURE IN ARIZONA.
The first volumes will be "The Open
Air Boy," by the Rev. G. M. A. Hewett
of Winchester College, and "Sea Fights
and Adventures," by Professor Knox
Laughton. Both will contain a large num
ber of illustrations. This attempt to pro
vide healthy reading for lads has been
the cause of numerous letters being sent
to Mr. Allen, among those sympathizing
with his object being the head master of
Eton, the Bishops of Rlpon and St. Asaph,
Sir John Colomb, M. P., and Dean Hole.
"The Collected Poems of Mary Robin
son" is the simple title given by Mmr.
Duoclaux to a new volume which Fisher
Urwin will publish. This event is of more
than ordinary interest, for It is some
years since the gifted poetess published
anything in English, her more recent
writings having been printed in French.
The dedication is to the memory of tha
writer's first husband, Professor James
Darmesteter. . .
Dr. H. O. Forbes' forthcoming work on
"Australasia and Antarctica" deals very
largely with the problem which the Dl3
ccvery, now gone on a three years' voy
age, may do much to solve. Dr. Forbes
has summarized the whole history of the
South Polar exploration from the time of
Ross to the beginning of the new cen
tury. Dr. Forbes has himself been an ex
plorer, though not in the Antarctic Ocean.
As a naturalist he traveled much In the
Eastern Archipelago and In New Zealand.
He was for years director of the Christ
church Museum and was afterward ap
pointed to a like post in Liverpool. The
book Is to be published by Mr. Heine
mann.
A chatty volume, entitled "Women ot
the Salcns and Other French Portraits,"
is being prepared for early publication by
Messrs. Longmans. The writer. S. G. Tal
lentyre, refers at length to Mme. du Def
fand. Mile, de Lesplnasse, Mme. Geoffrin.
Mme. d'Epinay, Mme. Necker. Mme. d©
Stael, Mme. Recamier, Mme. de Sevigne.
Mme. Idses le Brun and a number ot
other notable beautiful ladies whose
names are familiar to students of French
history. The volume will be illustrated
with photogravure portraits. ¦-{
George Allen will publish in October the
opening volumes of a series of books for
boys on entirely r.ew lines. "The Young
England Library." as it Is to be called,
will be edited by G. A. B. Dewar. who In
tends to make it primarily a library of
relaxation, but the many opportunities
which occur for pastime books directing
boys* thoughts and ambitions Into tha
right channel will not be neglected. In
the bocks on games stress will be laid on
the Tightness of playing in an unselfish
spirit and striving for one's own side
rather than for personal distinction. The
volumes of naval and military achieve
ment will deal with facts only, and sen
sational fiction is to have no place in the
series.
The origin of -the place names "Harri
smlth" and "Ladysmlth" are known to
the least instructed in South African his
tory, but even the better informed may
not be aware that Whittlesea and AHwal
also derive their names from Sir Harry
Smith, the former beins named after Kla
English birthplace and Aliwal after hia
Indian victory in ISIS, which won him his
title. What is still more precious Is the
enthusiastic praise of his old"" commander
In the Peninsula, the Duke of Wellington.
Sir Harry Smith has been dead forty-ono
years. His autobiography, edited by G.
C. Moore-Smith, with portraits and other
illustrations. Is to be published In two
volumes by Mr. Murray. The autobiog
raphy should be doubly interesting. In
the first place, it Is the record of a great
fighting age by a distinguished soldier,
who served in the retreat on Corunna and
In the splendid advance from Torres Ved
ras ami at some of the chief sieges in tha
great French war — Salamanca. Vittorla,
Toulouse and at Waterloo.
That other humorist. Jerome K. Jerome,
has started again on a novel which he be
gan some years ago. It may be expected
late this autumn.
Charles Heber Clark, "Max Adeler." au
thor of "Out of the Hurly-Burly," has
beerj paying a short visit to London. He
is about to publish a new hr.morous book,
to be called "Captain Built."
It Is almost certain that the KStnm of
Hall Caine's next novel will be laid In the
Isle of Man once more. At present he is
at his beautiful residence, Grceba Castle.
He has numerous Ideas fcr his new book
and abundance of data in Dumbell's bank
catastrophe, with all its terrible conse
quentes. He has been hard at work for
scme^tlme past. The last parts of the
"Eternal City" have only just been hand
ed to the printers.
Unless this is done the starch in every grain- of
wheat will stiffen, the peaches will blush with shame
on the tree and grapes will drown their chagrin by
getting drunk on their own juice at the insulting
mention of cheap freights.
This is in a case on -trial before a constitutional
commission. It is not yet closed, and we discuss
it at all with extreme diffidence. We do not desire
to appear in the character of what is called in Indiana
an "amicus curio." But we appeal to the two plain
tiffs, wheat and oil, to get on their warpaint and
feathers. This is no time to call on the non
producing and non-shipping experts who in cam
paigns appear vicariously for shippers and pro
ducers. Party platforms don't go now. The
patriots who ride to conventions on passes and de
nounce the railroad that carried them are not in it.
The refutation of the bold and remarkable, position
taken by the roads can be accomplished only by
reasoning as dose and logic as inexorable as the
foundation upon which it rests.
Live and learn. We have supposed that some
body paid the freight. If the producer, and he un
able to add it to his produce, if the price in the final
market did not bring enough to recoup him and
bring a profit, then he must lose. If the freight fol
low the produce and is added to the price paid by
the consumer, then the consumer must pay, and if
the freight put the price above his reach the market
ceases, to the injury of production. But all these
theories are knocked out. They retire like defeated
candidates at a primary, and the contention that
high freights are necessary to general prosperity is
established, for the time being at least.
The California railroads seem to have applied this
formula to freights, rendering it in the form,
"cheap freights mean a cheap State."
Heretofore it has been believed by producers and
shippers that a reduction in freights went into their
pockets, and whenever those receptacles of wealth
were attacked by. sweeny, and have been stepped on
by the elephant of adversity, a cry has risen and run
through the State from Siskiyou to San Diego, and,
in election years, from politic to politic, for a re
duction in railroad rates. To this end conventions
have resolved, Legislatures have legislated, and Rail
road Commissions have been mobbed, and is it pos
sible that when* there is an opportunity to prove
that high freights are an incubus imposed by the
octopus to injure the rest of us no proof ,is forth
coming? A gentleman and statesman who achieved
the Presidency of the United States and much honor
besides, and all well de'served, said, one time, that
the argument of cheapness was a fallacy, and de
clared that "a cheap coat meant a cheap man inside
of it."
If the roads are wrong it is high time that the
starch were taken out of their wheat argument, and
that the petroleum of Kern and surrounding coun
ties proceeded to lubricate an opposing exhibit; of
the question of high and low freights.
The railroads have presented their case system
atically and compactly. The trial court and the pub
lic will have no difficulty in comprehending it. The
transportation companies have been commendably
frank and seem' to have held back nothing that will
illuminate their defense. Their contention is that
low rates are detrimental to the State. They insist
that a low freight on wheat is ruinous to the farmer
and a low rate on* oil is ruinous to the oil pro
ducer. .They have backed this up by an expert show
ing that commands the respect of all men who ad
mire symmetry and consistency in argument and the
presentation of facts. So' far the other side of the
controversy has. not refuted this showing. No tes
timony equally expert, .and well backed by theory,
argument and facts, has been presented by the pro
ponents of low rates. The railroads are left at this
time in possession of the field as the champions of
the broad acres which produce wheat and of the
humble holes in the ground which gush oil. Wheat
has been represented as longing with an intense and
cereal anxiety for high freights, while petroleum
cries aloud from the ground, like the blood of the
slain, for vengeance on all who would lower the cost'
of getting it to market, and there you are!
THE Railroad Commission is trying judicially a
very, important , question. ,While the sp.ecific
issue is the rate charged by railroads. on Cali
fornia petroleum, the^ trial has furnished the oppor
tunity to present expert testimony on the general
subject of freight rates and their relation to the pro
ductive and industrial interests of the Stale.
CHEAP FREIGHTS.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Whether .the Supreme Court will sustain^ such" a
qualification for suffrage remains to be seen. Should
it be foundthat the law is valid, a new issue will con
front the American people. It will have to be deter
mined again whether or not hereditary governmental
privileges are to be tolerated -in. any part of these
United States, and that issue may become one of prac
tical politics much sooner than expected.
Neither the Senator's influence nor his argument
was sufficient to check the convention in its deter
mination to follow the North Carolina plan, and ac
cordingly the provisions of the proposed constitution
relating to suffrage contain" the much debated clause.
Certain residents of Alabama, whether illiterate or not,
are to be permitted to vote because they are the de
scendants of certain other men, and ; if the people
ratify the constitution Alabama will.have revived the
hereditary privilege for whose overthrow in this coun
try the American Revolution was fought.
British system of titled nobility which alone legislates
in the House of Lords- and of regal blood and pre
rogative which upholds the throne."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBI DAT. AUGUST 16. 1901.
TO TAKE KING'S HEAD
FROM PLAYING CARDS
A. MOVEMENT IS ON FOOT IN FRANCE AGAINST CONTINUING TO
PUT A KING'S HEAD ON PLAYING CARDS. IT IS SUGGESTED
THAT HEADS OF PRESIDENTS "WOULD BE MORE APPROPRIATE.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Royal Box."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar< — "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house — "The Liars."
Central— "The Great Diamond Robbery,"
Tivoli— "La Favorlta."
Clympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties. •
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
• Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths — Swimming-.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWfl FOR THE SUMMER.
Call aiibaerlbers -contemplating: a ebaafe mt
reMdeaee dnrlag tbe inmmrr months cam hsr«
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This papier Trill alao be on - sale at all inmiati
resorts and is represented, by a. local if;ent tm
Ml toTTos on the coast.STEAM SCHOONER ALOHA ON FIRE IN RICHARDSONS BAT. RATS AND MATCHES IN COMBINATION OR
ELSE A SMOLDERING FIRE IN THE GALLEY SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN THE CAUSE OF THE DISASTER
THE VESSEL, WAS INSURED.
t ¦ .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
land, from LiverDool, for Philadelphia; stmi
Teutonic, from Liverpool, for New York
GLASGOW— Sailed Auk,. 15-Stmr Siberian,
for Philadelphia.
TO SAIL..
FROM SEATTLE.
tftiited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at' Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY, 'AUGUST 16.
Movements of Transports.
The army authorities now think that
the transport Sheridan, with General
William P. Servant of the ship rigging
firm of Servant & Rice fell from a two
story window en the front yesterday and
received Injuries from which ha died in
the Harbor Hospital an hour later. The
deceased was engaged in putting a safe
into the new offlce of the Alaska Packers
Association, at First and California
streets.' He was leaning- out of the win
dow when he lost his balance, and fell to
the pavement, striking on his head. His
skull was so badly fractured that the doc
tors at the hospital said at once there
was no hope. „¦.,„
The deceased wan In the prime of .life.
He came here in 1S83 as mate of the ship
General Knox, and had a host of friends
on the water front. He lived at 181 Noe
street and his wife survives him. He
was a member of Mission Lodge, Fre«
and Accepted Masons, and will be buried
by his brother Masons.
Falls to His Death.
p "1 1">1 HE well-known steam schooner
1 Alolja was burned to the water' 3
B edge at her moorings off Sausalito
JJL yesterday morning. The fire broke
out in or near the galley about 3
o'clock, and when the tug Reliance from
San Francisco reached her aboct two
hours later all hope of saving the vessel
from serious damage was gone. The hull
aft was one mass of flames and a few
minutes after Captain Shaw got the tug's
pumps playing on the fire the mainmast
went by the board. Then the woodwork
holding the guys of the smokestack burn
ed away and it fell over the side. The
deckhouses aft burned like tinder and at
6 o'clock the after part of the hull was
consumed to within a foot of the water.
By 7 o'clock the fire was out and the Re
liance ran the charred wreck on the mud
flats. - TT ,
The Aloha arrived here from Usal on
the 6th Inst. with a cargo of 280 cords of
bark. She went direct to Redwood City,
where some of her crew deserted. After
many delays she was discharged and
Wednesday night Captain Wehman
took her to Sausalito, anchoring near
the Robert Dollar and Rival. The
intention of the owners was to com
plete the AToha's complement of men
from the Robert Dollar and send her to
sea yesterday morning. Instead, how
ever as soon as the steamer was an
chored at Sausalito all hands left her ex
cept the captain, and he sat up all nignt
to guard his ship.
According to the story told the owners.
Captain Wehman made the rounds of the
steamer at midnight and found every
thing all right. He. went into the dining
room, inspected the galley, went through
the fireroom and engine room, and every
thing being all right went to his own
room forward and sat down to read.
About three hours later he smelled lire
and upon making an examination found
the vessel ablaze in the cabin adjoining
the galley. He" rang the ship's bell to at
tract attention, but it was a long time be
fore assistance came and then it was only
in the shai>e of a small boat from the
San Francisco Yacht Club. The vessel Is
damaged to the extent of $2o,000 or $30,000
and there is about that much insurance
0I The" Aloha was built In 1S98 by Hay &
Wright for John S. Kimball. Shft was In
the Fort Bragg: trade until the Klonaike
excitement broke out. when she was built
up into a passenger boat and sent north.
Later she went on the Seattle-Skaguay
run, and when the John S. Kimball Com
pany was formed she was one of the ves
sels turned over to that concern. Some
months ago the Dollar Steamship Com
pany absorbed the Kimball Company, and
one of the first things done by the new
managing owners was to turn the Aloha
back into a steam schooner and place her
in the lumber trade again. She was 215.23
tons net burden, 126 feet 5 Inches long, 30
feet 5 inches beam and 10 feet deep. Ex
perts think the machinery can ne used
again, but that the hull will not be worth
rebuildirfe..
PHTXADEI,PHIA HOME AGAIN.
Makes a Good Bun From Honolulu
and May Be Sent to Panama.
The cruiser Philadelphia arrived from
Pago Pago, Samoa, via Honolulu, H. I.,
yesterday morning. She Is in first class
order has a full crew of new men aboard
and will probably be sent south to Pan
ama to represent Uncle Sam during the
Colombia-Venezuelan trouble.
Tho Philadelphia sailed from here on
June 21 for Samoa. She took down sixty
men and a lot of supplies for the naval
station at Pago Pago. While at the island
the natives entertained the officers and
crew at a feast, and before the cruiser
sailed the ship's company returned the
compliment. The officers report that the
big dredger is doing good work In the har
bor and that the Government wharf will
be completed in about four months. The
Philadelphia sailed for home on July 24/
bringing -with her seventy-five time-ex
pired men from the Abarenda. The run
from Honolulu was made in seven days.
' Roanoke Rye, Honey arid Horehound,
Old Virginia's great offering:. . ; • ¦
The case of Dr. H. W. Griswold, charged
with the murder of - Carrie Sandholt, was
dismissed by Judge Mogan yesterday. The
Judge. held that there was absolutely no
evidence against the defendant. The girl
died at the Golden West Hotel June 15 as
a result of a criminal operation.
Dr. Griswold. Discharged.
Coroner Leland Investigates Respon-'
sibility of Mrs. Schwarting in
a Morgue Case.
The sixtce'n-day-old son of Mr. and Mr=«.
George F. Daley, of 3514 Twenty-sixth
street died yesterday, morning after sev
eral days' ' Illness. Dr. Kugeler, the at
tending physician." reported to Coroner
Leland that . the child's death may have
been caused by the ignorance and neglect
of Mrs. Schwarting of 510 Eddy street
who was called in to attend the accouche
ment. Mrs. Schwarting was arrested re
cently on a charge of cruelly treating a
Child that had. been left in her care
Coroner Leland Is investigating the mat
ter, and should the facts be In accor.l
ance with. tho surmise of. Dr. Kugeler h*>
will ask for the arrest of the midwife.
Coroner- Leland says that there ¦• are
many, women in this city following' the
calling of midwife who are Ignorant of
tlieir duties, and who oftentimes do irre
parable damage to their. patients. He sug
gests that such. women should be held re
sponsible for the mischief that they do
among poor people who cannot afford to
employ reputable physicians. .
DEATH MAY HAVE BEEJST
CAUSED BY IGNORAN"CE
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San - Francisco, Cal
•August 15, 19M. : • -
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of -the. 120th meridian or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, ,U. S. N., in charge.
The bazaar to be given in October for
the benefit of St. Mary's Cathedral is to
have a daily record of its varied events
in the form of an attractive journai.' It is
to be called the Cathedral 'Chronicle, and
will be profusely Illustrated.
There will be thirteen issues of the jour
nal, one for each night of the festival in
the Mechanics' Pavilion. At least -one
page will be devoted to personal gossip,
and the other pages will be largely util
ized for interesting" articles of a Catholic
flavor, including sketches of the Missions,
prominent churches In the archdiocese
and something about the labor of priests
in back-country parishes/about which lit
tle or nothing is known to the people of
San Francisco.
The Rev. . Philip O'Ryan was last even
ing unanimously : chosen as manager . of
the paper. James K. Cosgrave was elect
ed secretary., Attorney Thomas F. Pren
dergast was elected editor and given pow
er to select his staff. Lieutenant Wilson,
Company A, League of the Cross Cadets;
James K. Cosgrave and Thomas F. Pren
dcrgast were appointed a committee on
advertising rates. Frank T. Shea, the
architect, was appointed a committee of
one to design a booth, which is to be made
of matrices presented by the city news
papers.' " '•¦-¦ ... ¦¦' .'
A permanent committee on advertising
was appointed, consisting of Frank T.
Shea R. G.- Green, W. Chester r-Keogh,
Arthur Dollard and John W. Flinn.
The officers and members of Company
A. League of the Cross Cadets, were elect
ed to attend to .the mailing and sale, of
the journal in the bazaar. .
Among those at the meeting were:
Frank T. Shea, James K. Cosgrave, . Ed
Dollard, W. Chester Keogh. Patrick Bo
land. W. P. Morrissey, J. W. ; Flinn, Jo
seph S. Jordan. Williarr* Humphrey. Dr.
Hopper, ' Thomas F. Prendergast. R. G.
Green, P. Gomez, George Kelly, Lieuten
ant Wilson and the Rev. Philip O'Ryan.
, ¦ -;— «?'«'' -' '- *
David N. Walter's Estate.
The inventor}' and appraisement of. the
estate of David N. Walter was filed yes
terday. -William Haas/ Ignatz Stelnhart
and Berthold Gug'srenhime, the appraisers,
found the . estate to be worth $440,379 50.:
ing Festival.
lished on Each Day of the Com-
"Cathedral Chronicle'? Will Be Pub-
DAILY JOURNAL FOR
v ST. MAEY'S BAZAAB
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the'
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the "poundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus <— ) slpn precedes the helsrht. and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. '.The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM-Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Boulogne. -*-
LIZARD— Passed Auk ' 15— Stmr Vaderland,
from New York, for Cherbourg: and Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Common
wealth, for Queenstown and Boston.
' Arrived— Stmr Westernland, from Philadel
phia. ¦ - ¦ -
• NEW YORK— Sailed Aubt 15— Stmr. Augruste
Victoria, for Hamburg:, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr La Bretagne. .for . Havre;
stmr Koenigen Lulse, for Bremen, via South
ampton. . ¦
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Saxonia,
from Liverpool. - ¦ . -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Glenogle,
from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
MOJI— Sailed— Stmr Ching Wo, from Tacoma,
for London. , ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug. 15— Stmr Pennland,
for New York. :'¦•¦• -¦.-.¦•
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Rhyn-
BIRKENHEAn— Arrived Aus 13— Br ship
Dlttcn, hence March 18.
COLON— Arrived Aue 13— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Orizaba, for New York.
IQUIQUE— Sailed June 28— Chll bark Othello,
for Port Blakeley. . . . ,
, YOKOHAMA— Arrived Augr 12— Br stmr Kra
prers of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed Aug 1— Br ship Ellisland, for San
Franclpco. Aug 11— Br stmr Glenogle, for Ta
coraa.
FREMANTLE — Arrived Augr 15— Ship James
Drummonfl, from Chemainus.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Aug 15— Ship Reuce,
for Newcastle. ¦ .
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 14— Jap stmr Nip
pon Main, hence July 17.
MOJI— Sailed Aug 12— Br stmr Chlng- Wo, for
.London.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HANA— Sailed July 31— Schr II C Wright, for
San Francisco.
KAANAPALI— Sailed July 31— Ger ship H F
Glade, for San Francisco.
! KAHULUI— Arrived Aus 3-Schr Otelia Fed
erson. from Hilo.
ELEKLE— Arrived Aug — , schr F M Slade,
from Honolulu. " .
HONOLULU— To sail Aug 7— Ship Fort
George, for San Francisco. .
ISLAND PORTS,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aus 15— Schr
Ethel Zane. from St Michael.
COOS BAY— Arrived Auz 15— Schr Emma
Utter, hence July 29.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Umatilla,
for San Francisco. Aug 14— Stmr Humboldt,
for Skairuay.
Arrived Auk 15— Ger stmr Neko, from Na
naimo. ;
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Lakme, for Juneau; US
stmr Rosecrans, for Nome.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 16— Schr Spo
kane, for Honolulu.
Arrived Aug 15— Schr Irene, henc* July 27. i
EUREKA— Sailed Aus 15— Bktn Kohala, for
Sydney.
Arrived Aug 15— Schr Occidental, hence Aug
6; schr Emma Claudir.a, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 15— Schr
Balboa, from Port Clarence; bktn Willie R
Hume, from Callao.
Sailed Aug 15— Schr Fannie Dutard, for Ven
tura.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Augr 15— Schr Spo
kane, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO-Salled Aug 15-Schr Ludlow,
for Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 15—
Stmr W H Kruger. from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug- 15 — Stmr Mineola. for Nanalmo;
stmr W H Kruger, for Tlllamook; bark Tidal
Wave, lor Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Ger ship Erate — Aus 14, 100 miles from
San Francisco, saw a four-masted Br ship
loaded.
MEMORANDUM,
July 14, lat 14 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Ang
lesey, from- Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 13, lat 21 S. Ion 38 W— Fr bark Pierre
Lotl, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 20. lat 37 N. Ion 48 W— Schr Helene,
from Honolulu, for San FranciBco.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS. Aug 15, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, August 15,
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zolllnsr, Tacoma.
Stmr Samoa. Hansen, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed. Coquille River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Monterey, Panzer, Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Thursday, August. 15.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 16 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Gipsy, Hlnkle, 22 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rcsa, Alexander, 45 hours from
San Dleeo.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 26 houis from Eu
reka.
Ger ship Erate, KIrschmuller, 55 days from
Iquique.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, 8 days from Ta*
coma.
Brig Galilee, Holllngsen, 23 days from
Honoipu.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Meade, 7 days from
Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Irene. Klikitat and the Robert R. Hind
will load lumber at Gamble for Honolulu; the
Lottie Bennett, lumber at Grays Harbor; the
British steamer Lennox, oats here for Manila
for United States Government; the Balboa,
lumber at Blakeley for Valparaiso for orders.
55s, prior to arrival. The Norwegian bark
Cara is free, having missed her canceling date.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Adjutant General Seamans and Captain
Nearny of the Naval Battalion and Con
sul General of Mexico A. K. Coney called
upon Captain Glass at the naval training
station yesterday. The Marion's new
launch was used to carry them to Goat
Island.
The German ship Erato arrived from
Iqulque yesterday after a good run of
fifty-five days. She will load grain here
for Europe. .
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Is going to send the Bonita out on the 20th
inst. She will go to San Pedro, calling at
Port Harford and way ports, carrying
passengers only.
Water Front Notes.
The Thomas will sail for Manila at noon
to-day.- She will take away a crowd of
cabin passengers, a few of whom Will be
teachers, and about 140 recruits for the
army.
MacArthur aboard, has stopped on the
way at Yokohama and will therefore not
arrive until this afternoon or Saturday
morning. The transport sailed from
she called at Yokohama, however, that
would add about three days to her time
and she would not be due until this after
noon.
It Is the duty of every member of the Hoard
of Education whenever any attempt is made
to enmloy personal, political or other improper
Influence with him or her In connection with
appointment, assignment or election to a
teaching position of any person Immediately to
report the facts to the board, and the applicant
concerned in such improper approach shall not
thereafter be considered- for appointment, as
signment or election to a teaching position by
the board unless he or she shall satisfy the
board that ' he or she was not responsible,
either directly or indirectly, for the conduct
complained , of.
Every person assigned from the eligible list
to a teaching position shall be on probation
before final election for a term of three years.
When any name has remained on the eligi
ble list for the term of four years it shall then
be stricken from that list unlcs3 retained by
unanimous vote of the Board of Education.
All vacancies In the eligible list shall bs
filled by the appointment of such persons as
the Board of Education shall find, under the
throe methods enumerated above, to be best
fitted for the successful prosecution of the
work of teaching:. No person shall be ap
pointed to the eligible list without full and
impartial examination of his or her qualifica
tions and - comparison with the qualifications
of all other persons whesa names have come
before the board as available for such ap
pointment. 1 No member of the Board of Edu
cation shall promise or give any sort of assur
ance that any Given individual shall be ap
pointed to the eligible list, or that any given
individual Fhall receive his or her vote for
such appointment. When any name Is placed
on the eligible list record shall be made of
any special qualification which the person
designated may possess and of the kind or
grade of work for which he or she is especially
suited.
Vacancies in Eligible List.
At least ten days prior to the time of the
examination the Board of Education will can
vass all these evidences of qualification of the
several applicants and will prepare the list of
applicants who may be admitted to the com
petitive examination. No applicant shall be
included in this list if the . information ob
tained in the manner described in this section
shall indicate in the judzment of a maporlty
of the board that such applicant would not be
a suitable person to appoint to a teaching po
sition in the schools of San Francisco.
All persons desiring to enter such examina
tion shall furnish the Board of Education, at
least thirty days prior to the time of examina
tion, full information relative to their aca
demic preparation, their professional training
and their experience In teaching. Each appli
cant shall give not less than three nor more
than seven references to persons who are com
petent to speak of his or her fitness for the
work of teaching. Such references shall In
clude the persons whose official positions en
able them to give most exact and pertinent
information with reference to the applicant's
scholarship, training-, experience and general
character and efficiency. The Board of Edu
cation will not consider general letters of rec
ommendation, but they will request from the
persons referred to by the applicant a confl-<
dential statement as to the applicant's qualifi
cations, such statement to be given in answer
to a uniform list of questions to be furnished
by the board. The board will also, in case of
doubt, call for and make use of supplementary
Information relating to the same set of ques
tions . f rem other persons who may be deemed
competent to speak Intelligently of the candi
date's qualification.
The following rules governing the com
petitive examinations were approved:
Rules for Examination.
All applicants and other persons considered
for appointment to the eligible list will be re
quired to appear in person before the board for
a brief oral, examination. Such examination
shall be private, but shall be conducted by the
board as a body and in no case by the indi
vidual members acting separately.
The Board of Education shall conduct when
required a competitive examination for the ap
pointment of three-tenths of the entire eligible
list. The competitive examinations ahall be
based upon questions relating to the practice
and theory of education and such other topics
aa may from time to time be announced. No
applicant shall be Included in this list who
does not hold a valid teacher's certificate, of a
grade not lower than the grammar grade, au
thorizing him or her to teach in the schools of
San Francisco.
1. Experienced teachers who have shown
themselves unusually efficient and who have
not taught more than twenty years. These
Ehall constitute four-tenths or the eligible list.
2. Unusually premising graduates of train-
Ing schools. These shall constitute three-tenths
of the eligible list.
3. Other-"qualifled persons on application and
competitive examination.
Names may be placed on the eligible list in
any one of three ways:
Eligible List.
1. The eligible list for assignments to posi
tions in primary and grammar schools shall at
no time contain more than fifty names.
2. No person shall be considered for appoint
ment to the eligible list for primary and gram
mar schools who has not had at least a good
secondary school education or its equivalent, i -
3. Appointment to the eligible list shall not
be regarded as complete until the person ap
pointed shall have obtained irom a consulting
physician of the Board of Education a. certifi
cate showing that the holder Is sufficiently
sound in health and possessed of sufficient
bodily vigor to. do effective teaching.
Resolved, That all new assignments to teach
ing positions In the schools of. San Francisco
shall be from an eligible list to be made up
as follows: ,
The Board of Education adopted a new
plan yesterday for the election of teachers
into the school department, which will do
away with the chronological order in the
assignment to permanent positions. Here
tofore the priority of service rule has been
the only safeguard against political Influ
ence, but in the future appointments will
be made indiscriminately from an eligible
list .of fifty teachers, which is to be made
up of teachers of not more than twenty
years' experience, graduates of training
schools and qualified persons on applica
tion and examination. 'A date for the ex
amination of applicants was set for Sep
tember 23, as there is urgent need of more
teachers to relieve a number of over
crowded classes. The resolution explain
ing^the new plan of election follows:
Appointments to Be Made
Indiscriminately From List
of Eligibles. .
School Board Adopts a
. New Plan of Electing
Teachers.
CHRONOLOGICAL
ORDER DOOMED
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1901.
Fire Breaks Out Early in the Morning and Before the Tug Reliance
Arrives on the Scene the Vessel Is Enveloped in Flames*
STEAM SCHOONER ALOHA BURNED
TO WATER'S EDGE AT SAUSALITO
7
Steamer.
Frora.
Due.
Empire Humboldt Bay Aug 16
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug' 16
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 17
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Au" IS
Pomona Humboldt Aug 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports....' Aug! 18
Gaelic... China and Japan Aug 20
Eureka Humboldt Aug 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama.... Aug! 21
Neko Tacoma ...../. Aug 2t
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts Au~" 22
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Auk 2>
Pomona Humboldt Aujr 23
City of Puebla. Puget Round Ports.. Aul' *4
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug' 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug 23
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug 21
Rureka Humboldt Aug '5
iteamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
¦Pier.
AusruMt 10.
Empire Coos Bay .. 4 pm Pier 13
AaKiiMt 17.
rcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
V ru - Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Anubis S. America, Europe Stre'm
Eureka Humboldt '.... 9 am Pier 13
\\ alia TV alia. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier J
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
"-, • ¦'¦' ¦ AnEn«t-lO.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 5
Acapulco Panama & Wav Pts 12 m PMSS
; AnKimt 20.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
Bonlt a San Pedro &. Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ar eyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
_, Aiifiruftt 21.
City Peking.. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Ansniit 22.
bonoma Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 'i
umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Steamer.
!
Destination.
Sails.
¦£•? P h ' n -"- — - Ska euay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
C has Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
*arallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
wueen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2.1
bppkane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 24
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
Sun rlsea t 5-25
Sun seta -j'.m
Moon .'.V.Y-56 a! ni.
ITimel iTlmel Tlmel Tlmel
Date! 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft I Ft
J5_w|_ _£jy_ _|!LZI L w
16... 0:20 5.3 €:2S| 0.4 1:19 B.4 6:51 1 7
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:041 0.f> 1:52 S.3 7:40 l.fi
18 ... 1:64 4.5 7:SS| 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:20 1 5
1» 9 - -, 2:4 m' 4 - S ,' S:1S ,' 1 - 8 ' S:02 fi - 2 9 =20 1.4
20 ... 3:S0| 4.01 8:.-4! 2.?! a : 37| 5 1 ifl-m 1 3
21... 5:00| 3.81 9:SSI 2.51 4:1S| S.ll U:20l 12
22 ... G:14 3.6| 10:31| 2.9| 5:02 5 1
Steamer.
Frora.
Due.
Empire Humboldt Bay Aug 16
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug' 16
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 17
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Au" IS
Pomona Humboldt Aug 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports....' Aug! 18
Gaelic... China and Japan Aug 20
Eureka Humboldt Aug 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama.... Aug! 21
Neko Tacoma ...../. Aug 2t
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts Au~" 22
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts Auk 2>
Pomona Humboldt Aujr 23
City of Puebla. Puget Round Ports.. Aul' *4
"Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug' 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug 23
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug 21
Rureka Humboldt Aug '5
iteamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
¦Pier.
AusruMt 10.
Empire Coos Bay .. 4 pm Pier 13
AaKiiMt 17.
rcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
V ru - Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Anubis S. America, Europe Stre'm
Eureka Humboldt '.... 9 am Pier 13
\\ alia TV alia. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Pier J
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
"-, • ¦'¦' ¦ AnEn«t-lO.
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 5
Acapulco Panama & Wav Pts 12 m PMSS
; AnKimt 20.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier S
Bonlt a San Pedro &. Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ar eyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
_, Aiifiruftt 21.
City Peking.. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Ansniit 22.
bonoma Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 'i
umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier S
Sun rlsea t 5-25
Sun seta -j'.m
Moon .'.V.Y-56 a! ni.
ITimel iTlmel Tlmel Tlmel
Date! 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft I Ft
J5_w|_ _£jy_ _|!LZI L w
16... 0:20 5.3 €:2S| 0.4 1:19 B.4 6:51 1 7
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:041 0.f> 1:52 S.3 7:40 l.fi
18 ... 1:64 4.5 7:SS| 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:20 1 5
1» 9 - -, 2:4 m' 4 - S ,' S:1S ,' 1 - 8 ' S:02 fi - 2 9 =20 1.4
20 ... 3:S0| 4.01 8:.-4! 2.?! a : 37| 5 1 ifl-m 1 3
21... 5:00| 3.81 9:SSI 2.51 4:1S| S.ll U:20l 12
22 ... G:14 3.6| 10:31| 2.9| 5:02 5 1
Steamer.
!
Destination.
Sails.
¦£•? P h ' n -"- — - Ska euay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
C has Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
*arallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
wueen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2.1
bppkane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 24
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
AMUSfnVTEUTS.
l*fil HMD I A SA1» fBASCSCO'8
VULUmDIA LEADING THEATRE
Last 2 Nights— Matinee Sat.
CHARLES FROH2£AN*3
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting: HENRY ARTHUR JONES' :
Greatest Play.
MRS. DANE^S DEFENCE.
Re£innin£ NEXT MONDAY,
DANIEL FROHMAN'S COMPANY
From, Daly's Theater, New York. Including
MISS HILDA SPONO.
Presenting' R. C. Carton's Comedy Success.
lady huntworth's experiment.
seat sale now on.
22 vaudevillTcelebrities
from home and abroad.
Richard Jose, Chas. H. Bradshaw and
Company, Hemarc and Hilay, Hill
and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs. Al-
fred Eelcey, Sisson, Wallace and
Company, The Molasso-Salvaggi
Troupe, The Standard Quartet and
the Bio graph.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seata. 50c
& 1 i [Lij P I "&
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 3 SHARP.
GRAND OF»ERM.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY.
LA FAVORITA
"Wlta Agostlnl, Dado, Collamarinl and Ferrari.
Saturday Matinee and Sunday.
OTELLO
Mcntanari. Salassa. Castellano. PoletinL
POPULAR PRICES— He. Mo and 73c.
Telephone— Basil 9.
NEXT WEEK— #< MEFISTOFELE" and "BAR-
BER OF SEVILLE."
1 h ,, , , , |m |||L _ llm , |tJ| _ n |L| _, _j _
TO-NIGHT,
MR. JAMES AND THE
JMF^tl I NEILL
1 W SmmJ 1 JW&k/ COMPANY.
• Presenting
"THE ROYAL BOX."
Evening 25c, C3c. 50c. 73c. 51.00
Saturday Matinee 25c, 50c. 75a
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAY.
25c and SOc.
SUNDAY NIGHT. PUBLIC DEMAND.
"WELCOME
BARBARA FREITCHIE.
SEATS NOW READY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
REMAINING NIGHTS OF THIS "WEEK
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
THE LIARS.
By Henry Arthur Jones.
First Time In This City at Popular Prices.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
Branch Ticket Offlce, Emporium. .
"MEXT WEEK— BROTHER OFFICERS."
fiL^HHATRE^Af
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHTTTLiESET.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
Darin? Act 3 an entirely new, sensational
dance arranged by PROF. BOTHWELIt
BROWNE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
PALACE „¦ ¦ T
These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tonr-
* v * 1 ** ista and travelers ap-
m AfTTi predate — central loca-
WvANU tlon. liberal manage-
HATT7I C merit, modern appoint*
uUICLJi ments and perfect cui-
sine. /
Swti * > American and Euro-
pean plans. .
Francisco. f*i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN WANTED
1OO PILE-DRIVERS,
10 FOREMEN,
10 ENGINEERS.
Wages to experienced fore-
men » $5-OO per day; engineers,
$4.00 per day; pile-drivers, $3.50
per day. Men without previous
experience from $2.50 to $3.00
Men from the interior, if prov-
ing satisfactory, will have rail-
road fare refunded after working
two weeks.
All men accepting work under
this advertisement and giving
satisfaction will be given prefer-
ence in future work.
Bridge and Wharf Bnilders' Em-
ployers' Association,
Room 8, No. 4 California Street,
Snn Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE COMPANY \
OF BAN FRAXCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1S00. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of CallfornUu pursuant to the
previsions cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $4.000 00
I>oans on Bonds and Mortgagee 166,111 03
Cat=h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82.890 53
Savings Banks deposits E2.931 SI
Cash In Company's Office 229 90
Cash In Banks 9.S74 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.S63 3*
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages '. „ 7S5 60
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 6.6S4 09
Total Assets $325,574 01
LIABILITIES. ~ —
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 12, BOO 00
Loppes resisted. Including expenses 1,700
Gross premium? on Risks running one
year or less, $ ; reinsurance
'0 per cent 25.C38 25
Grnss premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $.... ; re-
insurance pro rata- S.S69 40
Total Liabilities SS3.707 65
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $50,644 87
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mcrtsrag^s 12, C52 90
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources E.669 10
Received from all other sources 491 53
Total Income J68.S49 40
EXPENDITURES?. ~ ~ ~
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) $3,929 SI
Dividends to Stockholders 15.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 6,701 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13,437 25
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 3.759 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11,945 93
Total Expenditures $53,773 77
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January. 1S01. M. M. RHORER,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash Aswts July L 19C1 $342,000
GJARANTEE TND CASUALTY,
Bonds of Si rety. Ship. Steam, Boiler
end Plate Glass Insurance.
Head Offics : 326 Montgomery Street,
San Francisco.
§V1M. VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
vears by the leaders of the.
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
<-i*arett*-smoklnir. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
ria. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Bark.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss cf Semen, gmm Varieocele or Con-
rtipation. Stop Ner * - 5 EM vous Twitching of
Eyelid!?. Effects are 2?Z.^r — Immediate, Im-
r,a.rt vigor and pote Cc/»T3 nc y i 0 every func-
tion. Don't get desponaent; a cure is at band.
P.estore small, undeveloped. organs. Stimulate
the brain anj nerve centers; SOc a box; 6 for
J? E 1 ) by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
rronev re'anfled v.-lth 6 boxes. Circulars free.
AddXMN BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.,
Ean Franclrco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 3t
and 40 Third gt.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
*MUSEU£ OF ANATOtm
X C& lCslKZ£II7CT.l»t.e±&7t!i,2.F.Cai
T fcjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
£i _aS-»»_ World. Weakness or any contracted a
7 £~T ~SS <*sra*» po»ltl»«-ly mrrdby the olden T
© FfcJ 3| Specialist on the Coast, tit. 36 years. <©
A n'S^W h DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
1 ?(^!S5 ! Consultation free and strictly private. \
0 f \£vf ' Treatment personally or by letter. A a
W M Or v» ! /'•tttrce Cure in erery else undertaken. Y
A mil 11/ ' Write for Book. FUlLOIiUPIIVar A
V ' if !|" aiBBMCG. MAILED FREE. ( A T
1 A II, valuable book for m^n) \
9 OB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
BtfiBKca T*lSS CbW£| SB l^P^BB
R? tiSiaSa n vJojufc *Hl 3 teT^a
nnTTp U C O FOR barbers, bak-
ijriLJkjrli-i'ij'^ 6 . bootblacks, bath-
UUUWUMW bot . {(S billiard tables,
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerj.
dyers. CounnlllB, foundries, laundries. P«J>er-
hanrers, printers. ¦ painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-robfera, tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTAKT PUBLIO AND ATTOENEY-AT-LAW.
Tentb Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckel* Bids.
Telephone Brown 8S1. i
ReeJdence. £21 California. nt_, below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
OTSW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN" ALL WALKS OF LIFE.
Herpicide Is "Used to Cure Dandruff.
E. H. Lyons, New York, N. Y., says: "I
am very fond of Herpicide and enjoy using
it. It is refreshing."
Dr. J. H. Bush, Toledo, Ohio, writes:
"Newbro's Herpicide has given better sat-
isfaction than anything I have e'ver used."
Mrs. Borkey of Chadron, Neb., says of
Herpicide: "It cleaned my head of dan-
druff and stopped my hair' from falling
out. It is the best remedy for dandruff I
ever used, and I have used a great many."
R. S. Coleman, Ann Arbor, Mich., says:
"I have used two bottles of Herpicide and
derived benefit therefrom."
Nagasaki on July 27, and if she came di-
rect should have been here yesterday. If
FOOD
One great cause of sleeplessness in
infants is improper or insufEcierit
food. An infant will usually sleep
well after taking food that satisfies
and nourishes. Mellin's Food satisfies
and nourishes ; contains enough to
satisfy and the kind to nourish.
Send us your name for our book of " MeULa's Pood Babies." We will send it free
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Experienced
I Travelers
§ Prefer the luxurious
H equipment of the
I California Limited
g Harvey Dinini Car, Obser-
H vation Car (with Ladles'
|| Parlor), Buffet Smoking
H Car (with Barber shop)
H and Elegant Drawing-
I] ' Room Pullmans. Leaves
|] San Francisco at 9 a. m.
if every Monday and Thurs-
1 day on th3
1 Santa Fe
DR.MEYERS&CO. jgggbfe
Specialist. Dlseas9 WS§iiff
and weakness of f^ai V p
men. Established Sw f miTTt "-jCT
1S8L Consultation ffV? '6?
and private book V^ i *^ (I
free, at offlce or by *W*V /•s5«XJ
mail. Cures guar- tt%i&j&&&
acteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva- j v^&^f'/#
tor entrance). San jQ \7
Franciaco. v^^JLf^"^P r^
AMUSEMENTS.
BE IAS CO a»° THALESjfojtfWE?
"^miii \ vr tmxt c/jy /in i
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Evga..
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate production of the Powerful Drama,'
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY.
Plenty of strong character humor. Elaborate
Scenic features. Magnificent effects.
PDlfl«^. Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c, 60c
I fllt-LJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "MEN AND WOMEN."
First Appearance of Miss Annette Marshall.
&JJNN1NG A^D^jffARNE^s'jjAClNG.
(Rattle and #nr.5E **C nu>
OAiFtv Contests.
. Garrie d Ft* ee. •<
for particulars Wriia
GeoWJaCKSON. VLRSPHECKEft
PRESIDENT.-
CHUTES ANJDZOO WMi%
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRANii PfilZu. CaKiSWALK.
Telephone . for Seata, Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY .' AT 3:15 P. M.
SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY .....: •• AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
¦ RECREATION PARK.
FIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
, EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS. -
FT^r.HFR'S concert house.
r IDtnnn p Admission 10c.
Irene Franklin. William Norden. Dutch Wal-
ton, The Morgans. Maud Still, Jones and
Brown, ¦ Ouhama, Seymour and Hill and Htn-
rlchs' unrivaled orchestra.
' Reserved' Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
• J SUTRO BATHS.
pP E IS IN I G HTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathins from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. ¦
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, 5c
Bathing:. Including admission. 25c Children. 20a.New York Metal Market.
higher. Light and "light mixed. $5 65@6 05; me
dium and. heavy. > $5 g5@6 15; pigs. $2 50@5 15;
bulk of sales, $5 85@6 05.' • . \
SHEEP— Receipts, . 1142. -. Best • lambs steady,
others 15@25c lower; top. $5 25 Sheep, 10@15c
lower. , ¦ - .
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign < Futures.*
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows. ¦ usual • discount to the • trade: Graham
Flour, - S3 per 100 lbs; Rye- Flour, -52 75; ¦ Rye
Meal,.- ?2 50;.- Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 23;
¦ FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25ft
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' -Extras," $3 13®3 23:
Oregon, ?2 5002 75 ¦ per barrel „ for ' family ;and
$2 7533 for bakers'; Washington .bakers', '• $2 75
®3.-i ¦•¦-" V. _ • / • ;-¦ ¦ ;'.:.
Flour and Millstuffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand sell
about l%c : under quotations. Heavy .salted
Steers,", 10%c; medium. 9%c; light, ' 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c ] for heavy j and Oc for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry. Hides. 16@lG%c;- Culls. 14c;' Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf.'. lSc; Culls and Brands, loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<S30c each; short
Wool, 30(550c each: medium, 50@75c; -long
Wool, SOcfgU each; .Horse Hides, salt, $2 bOCa
2 75 for large and 1 $2@2 25 for .medium;" $1 G0@
1 75 for small and 50c -for Colts; Horse Hides.
dry.$l 75 for large, $1 23@1 50 for medium, $1 25
for small and 1 50c for . Colts. Deerskins — Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin! skins, 20c. >, Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth; 5Cc; medium,
35c- :=¦--• .¦¦•'-¦.. • ¦ ¦
TALLOTV— No. 1 rendered. AKOHVic per lb:
choice. 5c: No." 2. 3\4ii*4c: grease. 2hiSt?.c.
WOOL^-Sprlng, 1900 or 1001— Humboldt and
Hides; Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts
5100. - Steady and active. Natives. $3 io®5 so'
««." and heifers, $1 2u©4 80; bulls and stacs"
*; li p^ : ,J 5tockcrs a" 1 " ' feeders. $2^4; ; veals.
. HOGS— Receinta. : . S573. Maxket ' active. 5c
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
500. Native steers generally about steady.
Texans firm and active. Butchers' stock Eteady
to slow. Good, to prime steers, $3 45@6 40; poor
to medium, $14?5 23; stockers and feeders 12 l"i
@4 20; cows, $2 50@4 35; heifers, *2 SOS'S ">n-
CRnners. $1 23@2 60; bulls, $2 2o@4 25; calves'
$3f5 75; Texas steers. $3 40Q 5; Western steers'
?4®5 C3. •-•¦'.'•-•..- • '
HOGS-Recelpts to-day. 2S.0O0; to-morrow
20,000; left over. 3500 head. Market strong to Cc
higher and active. Top, $6 22%. Mixed and
butchers, $5 G5@G 17%; good to choice "heavy
$5 C2%@fi 22%; rough heavy. $5 50@5 60- ° light
$3 nO@G: bulk of sales, $5 80@6 03. S '
S'HV'SF—necelpts.lZ.m. Market for sheep
and lambs weak. . Good to choice wether*
W60«4l0; fair to choice mixed, $3 s5m 73 :
\\ estcrn sheep, $3 40<34 10; yearlings, $3 50<?S
$4l6©" a i0 Ve ' ?3@540: ¦ Western lambs^
Eastern Livestock Markets.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Sept. Dec
Opening 59 610%
Closing 5 S% 5 ioi,£
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. ' Nov. -Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour — -
Opening
Cl0Sln * -•••
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9^c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tlerees, 8%cper,lb. ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound ¦ and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, UVic; C-lb tins. ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavj-,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c ; for sugar-cured ; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams. 13%c;
Mess Beef, ?11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12; Family,
$12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
Dealers continue to quote a firmly held mar
ket." y . -_¦ ..•'._ ¦ ¦ .-, ; •¦
Provisions.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2G.000 27.000
•Wheat, bushels 300,000 37.C00
Corn, bushels 125,000 105,000
Oats, bushels ...349,000 138,000
Rye, bushels 1S.0O0 1.C0O •
Barley, bushels 2S.0OO • 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14%@21c; dair
ies, 13@18c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, steady,
fresh. J?%§14%c.
ICEW TORK. Aug. 15.— Buyers to-<Iay largely
outnumbered sellers despite the cenerally pro
fessional character of the dealings *and the
week's rise. The net result of the day's deal
ings showed sjj many important gains that the
conclusion Js drawn that the imorovement "I
Asm in no small part to covering by the short
l "^7 6v f?° have met tat nuIe £tock on spas
modic ruMs earlier. The bull faction did not
become very aggressive until near the close
when there wae a general bidding up all
eround, ar.d the top prices of the day were
made. The news of the day was favorable In
rvery respect, including continued easy money
concltionf. lower sterling exchanse rates and
rome railror.d ecmines for the first week in
AuBUFt. The foreign trcde statement for the
month of July and the seven months show
&&£? <ix , ce * s of exports over imports of $36 -
I34.C71 and $324.546,C25 for the respective fiscal
periods, drew renewed at;entlon to the com
manding position the United States occupies
In lh« world s trade. The opening: of the stock
rr.arket trave promise of a rather active specu
lation, bet animation soon gave out and the
narkf-t rr-Iarscd into dullness, which was not
rel!?vc<5 until the vigorous riss at th» close
Intcioft vas loss concentrated in the prairi
corryir.p r.->D<*s. the coalers. Southern East
ern pnrt hisrh-priced specialties all receiving
'¦onsiderab'e attention during the day St.
Paul, never? '.leleis, covered about the widest
movement of the usually active stocks but
rtill it Cit roi exceed a 2-point rante. The
V, £ r 7*7 F i OCk , ju J nl>e<1 ntarly C points and
nock islarvj gained 4 points on a few trans
actions. The demand for these, stock?, to
gether with that for Atch-son and ths Paci
fies, was very pronounced late in the day. aiiJ
the Inlying for both accounts carried them up
«r.atrria:!y. Anthracite coal roads responded
notably to the improving trade conditions.
Erie. Ontario and Western and
Fenr-Fyhard?. There was a more general Ue
n>and Tor the low-r>rJcc-d Iteadir.s stocks, and
Chesopc-r.ko and Ohio. Ch'.ca^n. Indianapolis
nnd Lctilrrtllc, Xorfa!k and Wcsiem. Iowa
Cer.tr?l ar.d fiootfcpra Fiallway rose from 1 to
I points. Tl.o heavy, tiworpUan of tho Iatte
¦ru ttMrlbcti^i to tiayfr.g by controlling inter
et<.<. Thw was JfttTe lntei-»*t in the move
mT:t of l.":.::e.T Sta'.es Stocl Mocks Ic-day enj
mT - 01 **" 1 ;*¦* * n '/*• h;it- eased oC They
rai.iea Krnin at t'ic cIoh^ and rndefl % each
higher for th" . crimmnn nnd pr?ft-rred. "Other
n'.etat Ft<irVs tli..«-»»<J j:rnnounee<1 i«tr»n>rt!i
"*'"' w »'"«ci I to ?% In American Smelting,
.Yew York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. I moderate demand; No. 2 red wheat,
72V..S72V2C; No- 2 yellow corn, 58c; No. 2 oats.
?.6Hfic37c; No. .2 white. 3S%®39c; No 3 white,
ZSVtfiZOc; No. 2 rye, 59%c; good feeding barley,
C3$Ji6c; fair to choice ma'.tlner, 59@62c; No. 1
fla\Eced. {1 63; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 65;
prime timothy seed, $5 35; mess pork, per bbl,
J1CJT14 2t; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 70W8 72%; short
ribs sides (loose). $7 90@8 05: dry salted should
ers (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
JS 40@8 HO; clover, contract grade, $10 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. , ¦¦
, Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The Government has awarded the con
tract for 4000 tons for Manila, and the. market
yesterday advanced from 50c to $1 ¦ per ton in
consequence, with better demand. Otherwise
there !s: nothing new. Quotable at 9Sc@|l for
Black and $1@1 20 per ctl for Red. '
1 CORN— Chicago was weak under talk of crop
Improvement and large country offerings. The
demand . was fair. Kansas City was bidding
2%c over Chicago at Iowa points. I Purchases
this week for . shipment amount to 1.250,000
bushels. Small ¦ round Yellow, $1 73: Eastern
Yellow, U C2V,(t?;i 65; White, . |1 70@l 75 per ctl •
Mixed. $1 50(^1 R5. -
. RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls.- $1 02H; 10,000, $102%.
Second Session — No sales. • .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
?1 O2'/4, . •
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
*1 02%. ' - * '
BARLEY— The market shows- no change.
Some is being shipped from Los Angeles to the
We3t, p.nd some rolled Barley is also going for
ward to the same section. Feed, 73%@75c for
choice bright, 72%c for No. 1 and 70c for oft
grades ; Brewing and • Shipping . grades, J 77V.3!
85c; Chevalier, nominal. • •• - ¦¦ ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The French markets were closed by
a holiday. Liverpool futures were lower. •
Chicago was depressed by foreign advices
and free selling by the Northwest, and de
clined from 73c to 71%c. Holders realized ond
the market lacked support/ There were foreign
acceptances, but not • sufficient to absorb all
speculative offerings. Later on, however, the
selling seemed exhausted, and there was more
tone, with New York buying. Clearances were
over 1.C00.000 bushels,' with two ports to hear
from. The Cincinnati Price Current .estimated
the crop at 713,000.000 bushels, with 300,000.000
for export ¦ Minneapolis stocks decreased 990,
000 bushels in five days. The Manitoba crop is
estimated at 52,000,000 bushels, the best on rec
ord, and 20,000 extra farm hands will be needed
to harvest it. The railroads are ¦ making: spe
cial rates for laborers from Eastern and West
ern Canada.
In this market futures dropped a cent and
shipping grades were also off a fraction.
Spot Wheat— Shipping-, ¦ 97%c; milling, ?1@
1 02% per ctl. . . ¦ . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Section Director.
Santa Maria— Excellent yield of chevalier
barley here and in Los Alamos Valley; oat.3
medium; wheat fair.
HollirteiT— Peaches ripening fast. Apricots all
drW; excellent quality.
Hanfcnl-Peaches and pears being canned.
All cro^is c'oing fine.
Napa— Peaches ar.d pears ripening; light crop.
han Jore— Cooler; fog in early morning. No
chanjre in fruit conditions.
Palermo— All crops as before reported.
\entura prunes and Santa Ana OJal better
than average.
PRUNES— Quoted by the Association on the
basis of 3%c for the four slze3.
.RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached Thomp
son's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie; standard,
10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thompson's, 9c per
lb. Sultanas— Fancy,, 10%c per lb; choice, 9Uc*
standard: S%c: prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas
8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes. 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3
crown. (Me; 2-crown 6c; Pacific brand — 2-crown.
6c; 3-crown, 5Vic, and 4-crown, ¦- 5%c: seeded
(Fresno prices), 6c; London Layers, 2-crown,
$1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, ?2;
Dehesa. $2 50; Imperials, $3. All prices f. o. b.
at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts," No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c-
No. 2. S@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, lOfglOVic; No. 2
6%@7%c; Almonds. 13@14c.for paper-shell. 10@
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts. -5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
?3 50@5. ¦ - - - ¦
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@10o
for light amber; water white extracted, 5%@6c;
light- amber extracted. 4%@3c; dark, 4@4%o.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
The result of the offering of old Prunes on a
3Vic basis by the combine remains to be seen.
As .the formal announcement has Just been
made It is rather early yet to look for results
The demand for new Apples, Apricots and
Peaches continues brisk. No quotations on new
Pears or Plums yet.
FRUITS— Apricots, S@10c for new Royals and
8@llc for standard to fancy Moorparks; new
Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; sundried, 3@3%c; new
Peaches, 5%@7c for future delivery; Pears. 4®
Sc; Plums, pitted. 3@5c: unpitted. i@l%c; Nec
tarines. 4@4%c for red and 4®5c for white.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — : $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 S9H
New York Exchange, sight — 05'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Sliver, per ounce — C8%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
FRUIT AND CEREAL BULLETIN.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Consols, 94%; silver.
26 13-16d. Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard California,
29s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 30s; English coun
try markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Aug.- 15.— Wheat quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s ld@6s l%d; flour In
Paris, holiday: French country markets, quiet
and steady; weather in England, light rain.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 7-lGd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, os 9d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s $d;
No. 1 California, 6s. Futures, quiet; Septem
ber. 5s 6%d; December, 6s lOVAd.
CORN — Spot American, firm: mixed, new. 4s
ll%d: do. old. no stbeks. Futures, quiet: Sep
tember. 4s 10%d; October. 4s ll%d; November,
4sll%d.
The depression over Oregon and Washington
is moving very slowly eastward and conditions
continue for unsettled fair weather over the
preater portion of the Pacific Coast. Thunder
rtorpis are reported at Salt Lake City. Inde
pendence and Phoenix. At Salt Lake City half
an inch of rain has fallen.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 10 de-
Frees ever Washington and Oregon. There has
tieen a fall of 16 degrees in Northern Utah.
The weather continues very warm in the Sac
ramento Valley.
Forecast maue at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 16. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
w»ather Friday; light southwest wind.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
Treather; light southwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
flav: possibly light showers; fresh south winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
light south v.-fnd.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 15.— Wheat un
changed; no quotations.
PORTLAND, Or.. Auk. 15.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 57c; blue stem, 68@58%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .•„ ''.•• '..
Stock— Sales Hiffh Low Close
Atchison 20,400 76% 74% 76%
Atchison pfd 71.000 96% 95% 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 1,200 99% SShi 99%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 1,100 93 93 92%
Canadian Pacific 3,100 112% 111% 111%
Canada Southern 400*70 70 68
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,600 46% 46 46%
Chicago & Alton 2,100 37% 37% • 37%
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 300 77% 77 . 77
Chicago Ind & Louis 3,700 37% 35% 37
Chicago Ind & Louis pfd 500 71% 71% 70%
Chicago & Eastern 111.. *..... 120
Chic & Great West 2,500 22% 22»4 22%
Chic & Great W A pfd.. 100 81% 81% $1%
Chlc.& Great W B pfd 46%
Chic & Northwestern.... 200 195 193 192
Chic Rock Is & Pac...;. 3,900 143% 140 143%
Chic Term & Trans 400 19 18% 18%
Chic Term & Trans pfd 38
C C C C & St Louis 89%
Colo Southern 500 13v4 13% 13»i
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 400 53% 53 63«i
Colo Southern 2d pfd 400 23 22% 22%
Delaware & Hudson 200 161 161 lfil%
Delaware Lack & West. 224*
Denver & Rio G 100 42 42 42
Denver & Rio G pfd 900 92 91% 92%
Erie 31,400 -39 3SH 38%
Erie 1st pfd 4.400 67 65% (.6%
Erie 2d pfd 800 61% 51 51
Great Northern pfd 1,900 1S2 1SO% 1S2
Hocking Valley 52%
Hocking Valley pfd 300 76 75*4 75%
Illinois Central 1.600 145% 144TJ 145%
Iow a Central 7,600 41 39% 40
Iowa Central pfd 800 76 75 75%
Lake Erie & West 300 63 63 61 '
Lake Erie & West pfd 104
Louisville & Nashville.. 6.S00 104% 103% 104%
Manhattan L 7. 600 11S% 118 118%
Metropolitan St Ry 400 168 167% 167%
Mex can Central 2.200 25% 24% 25%
Mexican National 6,400 11% 10% n«4
Minneapolis & St L 100 10S% 108% 10S'
Missouri Pacific 9,500 102% 101% 102%
Missouri Kan & Tex.... 500 27 27 26%
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 100 57% 54 54%
New Jersey Central 100 137 137 158
NorThe^-pa^rp^d!!!!! $ ™*
Norfolk I We^-pfd:!!! 1 !'. 300 *!* ™ % *»
Ontario & Western 20,300 34% 33si 345;
p e c n c"& a s n t a L*.* " n ' m 146% " 5 145 *
g ead j n s '•!!!!!! lb'.ioo 43''' 42" «%
Reading 1st pfd 3.300 78% 75% 7SVi
g. ea T dln * 2<* P« 1.500 53 52U 53
c r ?c SaaFran 20 ° 39 % 39% 39%
St L & San Fran 1st pfd .... ;g
i, L T & f F *d Pfd, exdiv 600 68 66% 66%
it^S^th^esier^pfd!*. .™ g£
l*^-^::::::::::::::^imm$%
i° u^rn Pacific 18.600 57 55% 66%
|° u^ern Railway 46.200 31% 30 31%
Southern Railway pfd.. 1.900 S6% 85% 85%
Texas & Pacific... I.SOO 42% 42 4'2
Toledo St L & West 100 20VI "O^i 19U
Toledo, st L & West pfd * * j|}?
Ln on Pacific 32,100 9<-% 99% 99
k nion Pacific P fd 500 so^ 114 £9%
\\ abash pfd 4 400 29"4 1W -!Qi?
Wheeling & Lake Erie. .'..„ .* ? f<?
W & L E 2d pfd 100 30i,4 v\u.
Wisconsin Central ..... 700 21*! n 2!
Wisconsin Central pfd. 100 42 4'
Express Companies— ".
Adams , .-«
American ""' '"' i'^i
United States g j
' w « 1 , ls Fargo 100 iii" us" ....
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper... 9.400 114 113% 113%
Amer Car & Foundry.. 1,000 2f)% 29 29%
Amer Car & F pfd 300 84% 84% 84
American Linseed Oil 22
Amer Linseed Oil pfd 60^4
Amer Smelting & R.... 3,300 53% 5i% 53%
Amer S & R pfd 1,300 100% 100% 100%
American Tobacco 2,103 136% 136% 137
Anaconda Mining Co... 100 44% 44% 44»i
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 1,900 7o4 75 75>i
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 600 99% 9S 9S
Consolidated Gas 2,500 225 224 2'4%
Continental Tobacco.... 4,000 68% 68 68%
Continental Tob pfd... 800 117 116 116%
General Electric 1,200 261 237 262
Glucosa Sugar '. 557'
Hocking Coal 100 20% 20% 18%
International Paper .... 1,600 23% 23 23%
International Paper pfd 77
International Power .... 1,400 93 °ni 92«
Laclede Gas !„ gj
Xational Biscuit 100 43 43" 43
National Lead o^v
National Salt 100 43 «" 42
National Salt pfd , 76
North American •. "•¦
Pacific Coast 100 67 67*" 65 ~
Pacific Mail 100 40% 40 40%
People's Gas 1,000 111% 110% H0%
Pressed Steel Car 41*
Pressed Steel Car pfd -.. " g|
Pullman Palace Car " ">(^ia
Republic Steel 700 20 1 ,! 2o" ~20
Republic Steel pfd 800 75 74 74%
Sugar 10,300 134% 130% 13J3/.
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 4,400 64 62 £4'
Union Bag & P Co 100 16 16 16
Union Bag & P Co pfd 73
United States Leather.. 5,900 1414 \zy. jss<
U S Leather pfd 400 82% 81% 81*1
United States Rubber * ?«'
U S Rubber pfd .... "" r s
United States Steel 25.700 44>A 4374 44*4
U S Steel pfd 10.500 93% 93 ; 53%
Western Union 1.630 93% 93% 9314
Shares sold 467.000
CLOSING BOXDS.
U r? 2S " f reg ir " * T C IStS .104%
Do coupon 10" ' .1 c ?en 5s 129
Do 3s reg in? - Pacific 3s 72
Do 3s coupon 1W Df> 4s 104U
Do new 4s rei?...137 : Y C & St L, 4s"lO7U
I Do new 4s coup.. 137 : & w con 4s 102
Do old 4s reg.. ..US )r Nav lsts ..110
Do old 4s coup. ..11.-! Do 4s 102%
go 5s reg i(,v ir Short Line 6s...'l25%
Do 6s coupon 107» Do con Ss 118%
Dlst of Col 3.G3S...124 leading gen 4« !! 9i%
Atchixon s:en 4s.... 104 t G W lets 101 V,
r^J% As^ .£ u L & I M con"5s!llG%
fh2 / %°A** 1C l L&SF 6S.125
rh «8 & O 4%s 107? -t Paul cons 183
¦ cSVK-ion7 S -;.v.: ]^v % F o % & p lst8 -iir4
! Do S F deb 5S....122 S Pacific 4s.'!!.'.':.7. 91%
Iowa Cent lsts 115 Do 2d« ,07U
b t- \ U- n L 4E 1W West Shor e 4s.. .'.'. 112U
r> f T Ms oJ Wi9C Cent l8ts — "?%
Do * s 98 V'a Centuries..... 341?
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con..... 23 Little Chief.... ' U
Alice 43iOntarIo ... « ,-
Breece 1 40|Ophlr .. " --
Brunswick Con 09 Phoenix "• /,?
Cometock Tunnel 6%iPotocl " m
Con Cal & Va 1 80i«avage .!!!" nr
Deadwood Terra...-. KJSlerra Nevada!!!!"" w
Horn Silver 1 75!Small Hopes.. \q
Iron Silver SB Standard ... ... "s ?3
Lead\-ille Con C6< ' .. f
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS '
Money- ( w..st End .......' 95 u
Call loans 3%<g4 Bonds— ¦.•'"_'=
Time loans 4%S3j Atoh!son 4s... ic'
A^T^ Sta Fe.. rJ^^ £gjg| 5
Do prefd.. H% Adventure *!"."" 25
American Sugar.. .132% Blngham '......; iau .
Bo«on & ; Albany.. 25C lAmalg Copper.. I"nse?
Boston Elevated.. ..179 Atlantic ... i-*
Uoston & Maine. ..lSS^i'Cnlumet & He"cla."7?? *
Dominion Coal 37%|Centennlal ". l?u
Do Prefd 116 IFranklln '" 17*
U S Steol 44% Humboldt ....... 25
Do ?>r<»rd : 93%!oso*ola " %l
V.ichlMrs i«rerd...lC 'Parrot •¦¦.'.'. Z0U
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 15.— Clearings, $345,
062; balances. $S7,247.
ii9$ IC ? GO> Ausr - iS-— September wheat opened
was weak. and Northwestern observers said
conditions were favorable for harvesting the
crop of spring wheat. Under liquidation the
market early dropped to 71%c. A rally to 72%c
followed covering by a few shorts, who were
impressed by the magnitude of seaboard clear
ances Sentiment in the main, however was
bearish The prospect of a heavy movement
from the two Dakotas and Minnesota was si
lently reckoned with and ths impression pre
vailed that a heavy foreign demand firmly sus
tained would be necessary to maintain prices.
Liquidation again started the market on the
downward course. Stop-loss orders were rearh
and near the end of the session September
touched 71%c. The close was weak l^ic under
yesterday at 71Vic.
Liquidation ruled corn prices. The prepon
derant tone of reports on the crop was of im
provement in the prospects for the late-sown
maize. Almost the only demand came from,
shorts, who were taking profits. Liverpool
was weak. September . closed weak IViffilHc
lower at 57%c. •
Oats ruled easy In sympathy with corn. The
close was weak. September %@lc down at 35%
@35%c.
Provisions were dull. A little support from
packers was sufficient to check the declining
tendency of lard and ribs, but pork ruled weak
September pork closed 25c lower, lard a shade
down, and ribs 5@7%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25<g65c per box; Canta
loupes. 50c@?l 25 per crate; Watermelons, J(.ijj23
per 100. - - . "
GRAPES— Fontainebleau and Sweetwater, 50
@75c' per box and crate; Tokay, 75@90c per
crate; Muscat. 50cira$l; Seedless, 65c@$l; Black,
50@". r .c; Isabella, 73c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2@4; Lemons,
$1 25@2 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes. $7 50(98; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50(32 50 per dozen.
APPLES— 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 30@60c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— Are abut gone.
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l per box, according to
packasre.
PLUMS— 23@63c per box; Prunes. 50@75c per
crate; Green Gages, $17 50@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $20. .'.'X -I'./
PEACHES— 15@50c per box and 20@35c per
basket and $15@25 per ton for Frees and $35@45
for Clings; Peaches in carriers, 40@70c, accord
ing to size of carrier.
NECTARINES— White, per box; Red, 50
@75c.
PEARS— Bartletts, 85c@$l 25 per box for No.
1, 25@50p for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton; other
Pears, 25<g35c per box. r ,
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest. .
RASPBERRIES— $."@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 75c per box for single and $1 for
double layers: White, 35@75c. - \
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Grapes meet with a fair demand at steady
prices. There are plenty of Cantaloupes and
Nutmegs lying around. There Is no change In
Citrus fruits.
There are more Figs on the market.- but they
are mostly white in small drawers at 35@50c.
Apricots are no longer worth quoting. Rather
more inquiry for Apples Is noted. Peaches,
Pears and Plums show no new features.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
THURSDAY, Aug. 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Js quar coup.. 113 113% Is qr cp <new).137 # 138 "
Is quar reg..H3 113% Ite quar coup. .108% —
• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO6% — Oceanic SS Ss.101 103
Cal-st os ......117%— Omnibus C 6s 131 —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l2S%133^ Pk & Cl H 6S.10S 112%
Fer & CI R 6s.H7% — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 85 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.m% —
Los Ang R os.116 — Sierra Cal 6s.. 110
L A Light 6s.l01Vi — S P of A 63
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112% —
Do gntd 5s.. 102% — (1910) 1131.111314
L A & Pac 5s.l01 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A.109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27% — (1905). Ser B.U0 —
D 1 c m 5s. — 124% (1906) 112« —
NevCNG7s.lO5 114 (1912) 121 122
N Ry of Cal 6slll% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119Vi — c gntd os 107
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s 136 —
xr^JiVv.---" 106 — S V TVater 6s.U4% —
Nor Cal R 5s.H0 113 Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5s.... 112% — Do 4s 3d mtgl01?4 —
Do. Trans 6s.ll9%120 Stktn Gas 6s. — —
Do Water 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73% 76% I Spring Valley. 84 MU
Marin County. 50 — ) " :
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pac Light ...
Equitable 5 0% Sacramento .. — _ •
Mutual 5%— SF-G-&E... 49 40%
Oakland 50% — . San FranclBco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. -37% — Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 I
S B A*KS.
Anglo-Cal — SI L P & A 155 160
California — 4C6 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Ftr'st^Nat 0 :!'::^! S . F *•**»-"»* "
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S70 1900 Sav & Loan — _
Humboldt — -. . Security T5
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trus"t".!i5oo —
Ban Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'.."..130 134 IOSL&H 40 —
M e a a rk y et-::::::::?i,i7^r resldl0 -• :: - <°
a»t" 75%^?^ , k
SUGAR."
Hana .......... 6% 6%KIlauea 13% 14
Hawaiian ..... — 51 Makaweli — 30
Honokaa 15 — Onomea .... 24
Hutchlnson ... 13% 14 Paauhau * u*; 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 128% — fOceanlc S Co.. 43« 47
Cal Fruit Can.. 95 98 Pac Aux FA. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. - 100 Pac C Borax.. 165 _
Mer Ex 110 — jp^r Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
100 Hana Plantation Co « vu.
275 Honokaa Sugar Co '."'" 1? ft
305 Hutchlnson S P Co '" \% ,
5 Hutchinson S P Co ."' it fii,
230 Paauhau S P Co " i, -i Yj
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.. ."."¦.* m m
40 Spring Valley Water.... g4 50
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).! !!"lO2 62%
$5000 S P of Arizona (1910* m r-ii
$3000 S P of C 6s (1D03. series A)....""/./.'.^ 50
Afternoon Session.
Board— "
1.1 Giant Powder Con 78 m
30 Honokaa Supar Co "* 1; <«,
233 Hutchinson S P Co.. i| ~
1P0 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.."""** 13 so
i 70 Paauhau S P Co " 14 «
10 Paauhau S P Co .".'.'.*.'.'.'." 14 8714
10 Pacific Gas Improvement ". 39 co
20 Pacific Gas Improvement 37 50
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 33 00
13 Pacific Gas Improvement. 3s 25
» 25 S F Ga* & Electric Co 3,0 50
•75 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 00
•• Street—
$7000 S P of C 6s (1903, scries A), s 10.1. -.103 30
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
1 - ¦ .
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Bear Flag <)7
E00 California-Standard , 22
1C0 Continental 50 «¦
10O Four .*..:..... 40
500 Junction 19
30O Monarch of Arizona 22
600 Monarch of Arizona n
100 Monte Crlsto. b 10 2 00
10 Peerless 573
100 Sterling '..... 1 30
Afternoon Session.
' Board— . , • '
1200 Dominion • 03
500 Junction jg
300 Lion 09
300 Monarch of Arizona. n
200 Mcnte Cristo 2 00
50 Oil City Petroleum ..- " 30
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.'
100 Best & Belcher 13 400 Savage . 05
200 Chollar ..... 03 40O Silver Hill.! 2fi
iSOCon Cal & Va..l 90 10O Syndicate '*" n
200 Gould & Curry. 14 700 Yellow Jacket" 30
Afternoon Session.'"
SCO Alpha 03 1 400 Justice ... 0"
300 Challenge S3I9C0 Ophir .'; "'"* sj>
200 Chollar. .......'.. 0." I 300 Silver Hill 2.1
' 300 Con Cal & Va..l S3I4C0 Union Con 13
25 Con Cal & Va..l SOi 300 Yellow Jacket!' 32
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: , ..-. ~™
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 14 S00 Hale & Nor ' 29
3C0 Caledonia- '..2s 500 Mexican """ 14
2C0 Challenge Con.. 34 SCO Ophir ... '""si
1950 Con Cal & Va..l 90 700 Sierra Nevada.*. " 14
3oO Con Cal & Val 87% 1000 Yellow Jacket. . 3*
600 Crown Point 0.1 700 Yellow Jacket.. 30
.200 Gould & Curry. . 14
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There is no change worthy of note In Butter,
Cheese and Eggs. Supplies of all are sufficient
without being large, and the market is without
feature.
Receipts were 41.800 pounds of Butter, 715
cases of -Eggs, '27,800 pounds of California
Cheese and 2400 pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds: dairy, 16@20c; store
Butter, 12>A<S15c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 10@llc; old, nominal: Young
Americas. ll@U%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 21@24c for good to fancy;
store. 15@19c per dozen; Eastern, 15@19c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
THE COAST RECORD,
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange and the market was
tame. There, was a sale of Gas and Electric
at $39, and Hutchlnson Plantation, was weak
again at $13 75@13 87%.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
In the afternoon the light stocks were firm.
Gas and Electric selling up to $40 and Pacific
Gas Improvement up to $38 23.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5c.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. 15^-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpais, 77; Independ
ence, S6: Red Bluff, 98; Fresno, 102; Los An
peles. 7S; Sacramento. 92; San Luis Oblspo, 86;
San Diego, 7(K
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2; minimum. £2; mean, 57. .,:-.-
Weather Report.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1 25; Hare, $1@
1 50; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1®
1 23 for Brush.
Poultry remains about the same, young stock
going off fairly, but old stock dragging. There
was no more Eastern in.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@9c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens: Geese, per pair $1@1 25-
Goslings. $1 12%@1 37>4; Ducks, $2 50(S3 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50(S4; young
Roosters, $306; old Roosters, $3 50@4: Fry
ers. $4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2
@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 60 for Squabs.
More Doves were seized on account of being
in sacks instead of loose. Game is arriving in
bad condition, as usual at this time of the
year, and only, sound lots bring the quotations
below.
Poultry and Game.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples continued In good demand
State, common to good, 5@7c; choice, SffS'ic
fancy, 8H@9c. , ;'>'7v-'
SlJHxISL* led frults dul1 and unchanged.
££?}S?2£- Roy ' Ll - 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES-Peeled, ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6<^»icl
* — _ -_*
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts
19,601 barrels; exports, 21,604 barrels. Minne
sota patents, $3 90@4 10.
WHEAT^Receipts, 59,800 bushels; exports
192,954 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red. 78V4c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76^c elevator;' No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79%c f. o. b. afloat; No 1
hard Duluth. 67%c f. o. b. afloat. Options sus
tained a severe early break under bearish ca
bles liberal Northwest receipts, foreign selling,
local and Western liquidation and in support,
later rallied on big seaboard clearances and
Sm .l £ S r wheat receipts, but finally broke
with, the Northwest and disappointing export
c^!^!" 3 C^ e , d ,< weak at-l%ig2c net decline.
Sv p i ember ' 76 %t78 l-16c, closed 76%c; October
cloted TSa'c' 086 ' 1 76T4 ° : Dec€mber ' 7S?i@80%c,
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
Viu° FF^ E ~ S J )Ot Rl0 ' dul1 - No - 7 invoice, 5%c:
Mild quiet; Cordova, S@U%e. Futures closed
steadj, with pr | ce s 5 points lower to 5 points
higher Total sales, 15,500 bags, including:
?1K en }£ e r.*-85c: October, 4.85@4.90c; December,
B -l°c: March, 5.35c; May, 5.45@5.50c.
SLGAR— Raw, easy. Fair refining, 3%c; cen-
JTefSSd 1 ; q 9 ulet e . St ' 41 " 16C - M ° laSSeS 8U^. <*c
< ? ,?, t i T T I ? R ~ R i e ,S?' pt8 ' 3 ~° Packages; steady.
State dairy, 14@18c; creameries, 16® 2014c; June
14S17HC ° ry> 15 ® 15i4c: imltatio " creamery,
EGG'S^-Recelpts. 4000 packages; firm. West
ern candled, 14@17c: Western uncandled 12@
loc.
FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 13.
Flour, qr sks 14.138 Hay, tons ....... 37S
Wheat, ctls 8.200 Wool, bag* 131
Barley, ctls 3 250 Hides, No 419
Oats, ctls 360 Pelts, bdls 80
Corn, ctls 60 Middlings, sks .. 5S5
Rye. ctls 1,300 Bran, sks* 3.234
Tallow, ctls 12 Onions, sks 1.83G
Leather, rolls ... 49 Potatoes, sks 3.780
Sugar, ctls 800 Beans, sks 562
Wine, gals 7,500 . ,
Receipts of Produce.
Milton Honey, merchant. Copperopolis.
liabilities $3315 55. assets $310 43. C. T.
Bowring- & Co. filed a libel against the
British steamer Royalist to recover
5798S93, alleged to be due on a charter
party.
Federal Court Notes.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— To-day's statement
?, f .,- th >S n trea6Ury ehovrs - Available cash balance,
$17o,339,176; gold, $103,213,479.
"There is little or no interest in peaches and
sales are very limited. If. indeed, there are any.
The last transaction reported was at SHc"
"Prunes are held steadily at quotations, with
buying limited almost wholly to small lots.
There is no particular Interest, the reports that
the association is going to name prices shortly
serving to detract interest from future goods.
'"Seeded raisins are higher in both bulk and
cartons, the bulk goods being quoted at 6>4@7c
end cartons at 7@'7 1 4C. There is some move
ment, but transactions are not large. In other
raifins there is no "Material change from pre
vious reports, trade being email, but all goods
firmly held.
"Currants occupied the center of the stage
yesterday, a sale of 50 barrels at 9c constitut
ing the important transaction. Reports from
the other sido confirm previous statements of
damage by rain, but how serious the damage
may be it is impossible to eaj r . London ac
cepts the statement and has acted accordingly.
All good quality Amallas are held steadily at
J>c. It is possible to buy at S?ic but the goods
are not the best. «
Hail advices from New York say
Currants, Raisins and Prunes.
J, C. Cummings. special agent of the
Treasury, returned on the steamship So
noma from* a visit to Honolulu to Inspect
the Hawaiian Custom-house. Mr. Cum
mlnga reports that Uncle Sam's Interests
are -being well tak'en care of In the isl
ands and that the machinery of the 'new
government is working as smoothly as
cculd be expected.
Customs Inspector Returns.
Republic Bteel preferred, Amalgamated Copper
and Tennessee Coal, while Colorado Fuel was
up 3% at one point. Purchases for foreign ac
count were again on a large scale, and this
is in connection with larger offerings of grain
bills in the sterling exchange market caused
a decline in demand sterling to $4 87^. The
market was more active at the close than at
any other period of the day and ended strong
at the highest.
Railroad bonds were higher in sympathy
with 6tock8. but were rather quiet. Total
sales, $1,010,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
A bid of 110 was made for Northern Pacific
common on the Stock Exchange to-day. The
stock was offered nominally at 125.
Peaches— Late Crawford, boxes, 90ig>95c, av
erage 91c. Plums— Yellow Egg, single crates,
average $1: Purple Duane, single crates, aver
age SOc; Victoria, single crates, average, $1 10;
Columbia, single crates, average SOc. Prunes—
Gros, single crates, $1 35@1 40. average $1 36;
German, single crates, average $1 15; Silver,
single crates, 85e@$l 10. average $1; Hungarian,
single crates, average $1 30; Fellenberg, sin
gle crates, average $1 50. Pears— Bartlett,
boxes, $2 15@2 40, average $2 30.
Peaches— Crawford, boxes, . 90c@$l, average
91c; Strawberry cling, boxes, average 70c; Sal
way, boxes, average 90c. Pears — Bartlett,
boxes, average $2 15; Howell, boxes, $1 65i?
1 65, average $1 56; Duchess, boxes, average
Jl 10; Beurre Clairgeau, boxes, average $1 75.
Prunes— French, single crates, average $1 20;
Sil\"er. single crates, average 55c.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day:
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California fruit here and
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $1 65@3 15, average $2 54; half boxes,
average $1 30. Peaches— Crawfords, boxes, 50c
@1 55, average $1 ; Orange Cling, boxes, 95c®
$105, average $104; Susquehanna, boxes, E0@
80c, average 56c; Elberta, boxes, 85@90c aver
age S9t. Plums— Yellow Esg, single crates,
75c@$l 05. average 83c; Kelsey Japans, single
crates, 90c@$l 75, average $1 05; Columbia, sin
gle crates, average $1 15; Eureka, single crates,
$1 50@l 65, average $1 62; Lemon Plums, single
crates, C5@75c, average 72c. Prunes — Gros, sin
gle crates, 60c@$l 85, average $1 41; Silver, sin
gle crates. $1@1 10, average $1 04; Fellenberg,
single' crates, $1 55@1 65, average $156; Robe
de Sargent, single crates, $1 10@l 15. average
$1 14; Tragedy, single crates, $1@1 10, average
$1 06. Grapes — Malaga, single crates. $1 25@
1 75. average $1 46; Clusters, boxes, $2 15<ffi2 50,
average $2 40; Tokay, single crates, $1 10@2 15,
average $1 92; Giant Nectarines, single crates,
60@75c. average 71c. . Red Nectarines, single
crates. 75c®$l 50, average 98c. Fifteen cars
sold here to-day. Weather muggy.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California fruit here at auc
tion and realized prices as follows: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, $1 80@2 45, average $2 3S; half
boxes,. $l@l 30, average $1 26. Peaches— Fosters,
half cases, 50@60c. average 57c; Early Craw
fords, half cases, 40®55c, average 45c; Albright
Cling, boxes, S5c@$l 10, average 87c; Late
Crawford, boxes. 90c®$l 10; Lovell, boxes,
average 75c; McDevltt's, boxes 75c@$l 05, av
erage $1; Mitchell, boxes, 75@S5c. average 83c;
Orange Cling, boxes,' average $110; Susque
hanna, boxes, S0c@$l, average 93c; White Free,
boxes, 65@75c, average 67c. Plums — Bradshaw,
single crates, average 70c ;_ Yellow Egg, slngla
crates, 35@85c, average 78c; Columbia, single
crates, 60<gSOc. average 75c; Kelsey Japan, sin
gle cratep. 55c@ $1 20. average 74c. Prunes —
Gros, single crates. 55@95c, average 86c.
Grapes— Malaga, single crates, $1 40@l 83, av
erage $1 75; Clusters, single crates, average
$2 09. Ten cars . sold here to-day. Weather
dry and warm.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day:
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l^@2c: String
Beans, l^<3>3c; LImas, 2«*@3o; Cabbage, 35@40c
per ctl: Tomatoes from the River, in large
boxes, 75c®$l; Dried Peppers, 12#lSc; Green
Okra, 40@7Sc per box: Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Cucuinbers, Bay, 20@30c; Pickles, l%@l^c per
lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chile and 35
(S5Cc for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box; Green
Corn, 10@85c per sack, Alameda, 75c@$l per
crate; Berkeley. 50@65c; Summer Squash, lar*e
boxes, 20@30c; New Marrowfat Squash, $15@20
per ton.
POTATOES-$1 15@1 40 In . sacks and $1 10@
1 60 in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 15. for Garnet
Chiles, snd for Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 25@1 E0; Sweets, lVi®2c per lb for
new and 75c per sack for old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow. 80@95c per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 50@60c per sack.
Tomatoes were scarce and sold higher on the
wharf. It seems that they are not ripening
fast enough to satisfy the demand. Lima
Beans are lower. Other Vegetables stand about
the same. . . - . •
The chipping demand for Potatoes and Or.
lons is not yet satisfied, and both are very
firm in consequence, with not enough Pota
toes coming in to fill all orders.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Money on call clOBed
steady, 2%@ 2% per cent; last loan, 2H per
cent. Prime mercantile' paper, 4V4@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand,
and at J4 85@4 85% ; for sixty days. Posted
Km eS> •! 4 B !fS J s S5 4 and * 4 w « 4 89 - Commercial
bills, %i 84%@4 85. Bar silver. 58tfe. Mexican
dollars. 45c. State bonds strong; Government
bonds steady; railroad bonds firm.
New York Money Market.
H. W. O'Brien, furniture dealer, 128
Sixth street, secured a warrant from
Judse Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest
of Charles Slerp, a clerk, on the chargo
of misdemeanor embezzlement. O'Brien
alleges that he gave Slerp $23 with which
to pay a bill and that he disappeared wltn
the money.
V. "W. Gaskill, secretary of the Christy
& Wise Commission Company. 223 Califor
nia street, secured three warrants from
Judjro Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest
of F. E. "Webb, a collector, on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. Webb i9
accused of embezzling $12 50 on July 11. $13
on Julv IS and $13 on August 1.
Dofaulting Collectors.
Pink Beans continue to creep up under a con
tinual demand for shipment All descriptions
are geting shorter in stock and the whole mar
ket is firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White $4 85
@5; Large White, $3 75@4 10; Pink, $2 40@2 M;
Red. $3@3 75; Elackeye. $3 50; LImas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney,. $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75@3; Canary, 3%!i?
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
ZV* ; Hemp. 3!ic perj|b.
DRIED PEAS-I^es, $165 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Anaconda, 9H; Canadian Pacific, 113%; North
ern pacific preferred, 101; Southern Pacific,
\£&'' £ tehlson . 76%; Denver and Rio Grande!
43H: Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 94;
Lnion Pacific. 100%. Bar silver. steady,
26 13-16d per ounce. Money, 2@2% per cent
CLOSING
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The good tone of the stock market was main
tained to-day, but business -was merely nom
inal. American shares were confident, but
idle. London regards the backbone of the steel
Etrike as already broken. The Bank of Eng
and has bought £124,000 gold in bars and the
inflow last week was £836,000. Money is easier
London Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat futures weaker. Some Barley being shipped from the south.
Government awards contract for 4000 tons Oats.
Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Bran and Middlings very firm. Hay steady.
Pink Beans continue to rise under a good demand.
Potatoes and Onions still selling briskly for shipment.
Tomatoes scarce and higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry quiet at previous prices.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about the same.
Provisions still firmly held.
Meat market as before quoted.
Nothing new on the stock exchanges.
Fd fw ?n ectrIe — S 60 Qulnc y --1T0
Ed Elec 111 ....270 Santa Fe Copper... 6
Mexican Central... 25 ! Tamarack ......... 345
6*4 Utah Mining....... 28^
° d Colony 208 Winona . 2$
Old Dominion...... 30 Wolverines 63U
Union Pacific 99% "
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oii. in bulk.
13s; Pearl Oil, In cases, 19c; Astral, 19c: Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline. In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c: in cases, 20c:
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: In cases, 26e.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon ¦ in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.40c; Pow
dered, &.25o; Candy Granulated, 5.23c; Dry
Granulated, 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.65c; Golden C. 4.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 5.65c; boxes, 5.W)c per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 22; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
84c: raw. 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c: China
Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 67V4c; cases, 72Vic; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels, 37%c: cases, 42^c.
COAL— Wellington, $9. per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, "$7; Bryant, S6 50; C003
Bay. ?5 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 43
per 2C00 lbs and $S SO per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%®Sc;
local make %c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bass.
32<g35c; Fleece Twine. 7Vi@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5^4®
6c for cotton and S*4@S%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 6@6}4c for Steers and 5<3'5>,4c per lb for
cows. ' -'i'"
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@:)c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7gSc; Ewes. 7@7&c per
pound.
LAMB — S@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6>ic;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent oft from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7V4@9Vic :-;;'.
Receipts of all descriptions about balance the
demand. : and prices stand the same.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Bran and Middlings continue very firm, with
light stocks and a brisk demand. Prices show
no change,, however.
Hay remains as before. There were 37 cars
on the tracks.
BRAN— S19@19 EO per ton.
¦ MIDDLINGS- r $20(321 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the ' mill. .$25@2sT Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17«?18; Corn Meal. $32«J
33; Cracked Corn, $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed. 517
@18.
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 50; choice. - $10@10 50:
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. $8 50@10 50; Clover. $5 50
@7; Volunteer. $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25©42V*c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat 1 Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; - Farina, : $4 50; Whole IWheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35;
in 'sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, Jo;- Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $C 50 per 100 lbs.
Mendocino. 14@15%c: do Lambs', lie per 1b;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern,
free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months,
7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 14ii?15c; do. medium
and coarse. ll@13c: Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
@13c: do. fair to good. 9<??llc: Nevada, 10@ll^c.
Fall— San Joaquin, -6y&@S%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%<?i9c. ' .¦"<•?'
HOPS— 15©20c per 1b. '
THURSDAY, Augr. 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask I ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha C3 0 'ustice 06 (17
Alta 03 0. 1 Centuck — 0*
Andes 03 C J-^ady Wash 01 —
Belcher Co 0* vlexican 13 it
Best & Belcher. 12 ir Incidental K fl?
Bullion 01 0: SO SI
Caledonia 23 3< overman 10 n
Challenge Con.. 33 3T Potosi ns n$
Chollar C> n« Savage- 07 OS
Confidence 1 2T> 1 Kiocorpion — fH
Con Cal & Va..l S.> 1 90 aeg Deleher.... 01 02
Con Imperial... — 02|Sierra Nevada.. 12 13
Con New York. — Oi;SHver Hill 3r. 3*5
Crown Point... 07 OS|Rt. Louis CC —
Eureka Con.... 12 — (Standard —3 65
Exchequer — OijSyndlcate 17 —
Gould & Curry-' 1" lSJUnlon Con 12 It
Hal* & Nor.... 2S 2Vl'tah or. 0T
Julia — ftSITellotB Jacket.. 31 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1C0 Best & Belcher. 12| 200 Ophir g
100 Best & Belcher. 13| 300 Ophir |j
1C0 Chollar 05 500 Potosi p 5
200 Con Cal & V..1 87*4 SCO Sierra Nevada.. 13
200 Crown Point... 08 10© Silver Hill 33
500 Hale & Nor 28 .300 Union Con \%
500 Justice C3 4C0 Utah t>%
200 Mexican 14 100 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Afternoon Session,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINAMCIAL
California Fruit Sales.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Cotton closed quiet
at a net advance of 3@6 points. . '
NEW. YORK. Aug. 15.— Trading In the local
market for metals In all lines was exceptionally
slow to-day. Buying or 'selling was scarce.
Tin, : In London, fell of 15s. spot closing: at
£114 10s' and, futures' at- £110 2a 6d. The local
market was dull and "nominally lower at
$26 70 for spot tin."] Tin plates' were quiet and
unchanged." ¦*> .;"¦•¦; -•,.¦•¦
Copper was without change here at $16 50@17
for lake and $16 37%@16 62Vi for casting. Lon
don prices closed a shade "below yesterday at
£65 8s 9d for spot and £65 16s 3d for . futures.
The production of. copper in the United States
during July. was. 21,985 tons, against : 22,401 . in
June, making a total for the seven months of
155,379 tons, against 157,589 during the same
time a year ago. " -
Lead was steady at $4 37%, while at London
values eased off Is 3d to £11 12s 6d.
Spelter was quiet at $3 90@3 95 and in Lon
don quoted at £16 12s 6d.
Iron markets continue dull and easy, with
prices in buye'rs' favor. Pigiron warrants were
quoted at ?9@10; No. 1 foundry. $15@15 50; No.
2 Southern foundry, ?14@14 50 • No. 1 Southern
foundry, $14 75@15 25; do soft $14 75@15 25.
Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 9d and'Mld
dlesboro at 46s 3d.
8
Articles— Open. HIsh. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
September 72% 72% 71% -71«
December 74% 74% 73% 73%
May • 78% v 75% 77 77%
Corn No. 2 — '
September £8% 58% E7% 67%
December 60% 60% 69% E9%
May :... 62% 62% 62 62
Oats No. 2—
September 3G% 36% 35U 35%
December 37% 373i 36 vj 37
May 39% 39% 39*6 39V4
Mers Pork, per bbl—
fieptember 14 15 14 15 13 90 13 90
January 15 42^ 15 47^ 15 30 15 30
Laid, per 100 lbs —
September 8 75 8 75 8 72^4 8 72V4
October S 82^ 8 82'^ 8 77^ . 8 80
January 8 85 8 85 8 £0 S 82U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 07% 3 07% 7 97% 8 00
October 8 15 8 17% 8 07% 8 07%
January 7 95 7 07% 7 90 7 92%
5'E.
STATIOXS. £ 2
~ c
,2
ra
1
s
Fcllster....
Hp.r.fcrd....
Napa
San Jose
Rivei-Fide...
Palernj^....
.... S3
100
£2
.... 85
97
...100
£5
71
60
60
CZ
7 bi
Clear
Pt.CIdjr
Clear
Clear
W
E
N
W
Vertu.a '....
Kama M2rii
.... 76
59
60
Pt.'cidy
STATIONS,
p
o
s
5
S.S 8
BBSS
: I : 3 p
03
IS
i
: ?
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Kureka
Kresr.o
Kiasrstaff
Pocatello. Idaho..
Independence
Los Anjreles
Phoenix
Portland
P.ed Bluff
KoEPburg
ficramento
Fait Lake „.
Fan Franclsem
Fan Luis Obispo..
San Diego
Seattle
Fpokane
Keah Bay ,
"VValla Walla
¦Winiiemucea ,
Tuma
..29.SS 64 68 SW
...29.76 92 6« E
..29. S2 90 M NTT
...29.S4 56 60 IT
..29.T4 1C2 66 NE
..30.00 7S 52 SW
..29.84 80 62 EE
_29.«4 86 66 SE
...29.S6 78 «2 TV
...29.70 10S 78 W
...29.78 92 66 KW
...29.76 98 66 S
..2S.76 P4 64 NW
..29.78 92 E4 SVC
..23.S4 76 72 E
...23.SS 62 E2 SW
-.29.92 86 ES W
-.29.86 70 66 XW
.. .29.82 SS 58 XW
..29.74 98 58 XW
...29.f4 74 50 XW
...29.6S K2 70 NE
...29.74 92 E8 S
..29.6S 106 S4 TP
ClDUdy 0
Cloudy T
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Cloudy 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy .02
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy T
Clear T
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear . 0
Rain .46
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Articles— Open. HIsh. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
September 72% 72% 71% -71«
December 74% 74% 73% 73%
May • 78% v 75% 77 77%
Corn No. 2 — '
September £8% 58% E7% 67%
December 60% 60% 69% E9%
May :... 62% 62% 62 62
Oats No. 2—
September 3G% 36% 35U 35%
December 37% 373i 36 vj 37
May 39% 39% 39*6 39V4
Mers Pork, per bbl—
fieptember 14 15 14 15 13 90 13 90
January 15 42^ 15 47^ 15 30 15 30
Laid, per 100 lbs —
September 8 75 8 75 8 72^4 8 72V4
October S 82^ 8 82'^ 8 77^ . 8 80
January 8 85 8 85 8 £0 S 82U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 07% 3 07% 7 97% 8 00
October 8 15 8 17% 8 07% 8 07%
January 7 95 7 07% 7 90 7 92%
5'E.
STATIOXS. £ 2
~ c
,2
ra
1
s
Fcllster....
Hp.r.fcrd....
Napa
San Jose
Rivei-Fide...
Palernj^....
.... S3
100
£2
.... 85
97
...100
£5
71
60
60
CZ
7 bi
Clear
Pt.CIdjr
Clear
Clear
W
E
N
W
Vertu.a '....
Kama M2rii
.... 76
59
60
Pt.'cidy
STATIONS,
p
o
s
5
S.S 8
BBSS
: I : 3 p
03
IS
i
: ?
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Kureka
Kresr.o
Kiasrstaff
Pocatello. Idaho..
Independence
Los Anjreles
Phoenix
Portland
P.ed Bluff
KoEPburg
ficramento
Fait Lake „.
Fan Franclsem
Fan Luis Obispo..
San Diego
Seattle
Fpokane
Keah Bay ,
"VValla Walla
¦Winiiemucea ,
Tuma
..29.SS 64 68 SW
...29.76 92 6« E
..29. S2 90 M NTT
...29.S4 56 60 IT
..29.T4 1C2 66 NE
..30.00 7S 52 SW
..29.84 80 62 EE
_29.«4 86 66 SE
...29.S6 78 «2 TV
...29.70 10S 78 W
...29.78 92 66 KW
...29.76 98 66 S
..2S.76 P4 64 NW
..29.78 92 E4 SVC
..23.S4 76 72 E
...23.SS 62 E2 SW
-.29.92 86 ES W
-.29.86 70 66 XW
.. .29.82 SS 58 XW
..29.74 98 58 XW
...29.f4 74 50 XW
...29.6S K2 70 NE
...29.74 92 E8 S
..29.6S 106 S4 TP
ClDUdy 0
Cloudy T
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Cloudy 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy .02
Pt.Cldy 0
Cloudy T
Clear T
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear . 0
Rain .46
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•i Steamers leave Broadway
jti Wharf. San Francisco:
R~>fc^- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
«R^SSi every fifth clay. Change to
I%^>>^ company's steamers at Seatt!».
; K§^.E^7^^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I KT^V^SN^SI r ->- Port Townsenil, Seattle.
¦ BMH^W^*^" 1 Tacoma. Everett. Anacortfs
1 f^^®iS^>l * nd New^Whatcom fWash.)—
11 a. m., every fifth day.
Charge at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. : at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. ra.
every fifth day.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port HarforJ
(San Luis OblspoJ, Gaviota. Santa. Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
D a. m.
For Ersenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosall*
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chant's
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. '«
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents:
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O- R. & N. CO,
Only Stenmahlp Iilno «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from PortlanJ to ntl
r-ofnts East. Through lickots t» oil
points. «II rail nr «tenm«»h!» and rail, a*
LOWEST 3EVATES.
8TEAMEE TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH sad MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA :
Balls Aug. 1. U, O, 33, Sept. 10, 20. 39
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
......."•••Sails Aug. «. 18. 28. Sept. 5. 15. 25
D.W. HITCHCOCK. GEN. Agrt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. TXZZX
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From New Tork "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. it
St. Paul August 2S St. Paul Sept. H
St. Louis Sept. i St. Louis Sept. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork 'Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Vaderland Sept. It
Frlesland ....August 23 Kensington ....Sept. IK
Southwark Sept. 4 Zeeland Sept. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg:, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS VTIZJj LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHA1U and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ
"Wednesday. September 4. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU....
Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freltcht and passage, apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, Genera! Agent
oceanics.s.to.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday, August 31. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA <vla Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday, August 22. 10 a. m
S. a AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a m
J. D.SPSECXELS k B80S. CO., Banerai Agents. 327 Karkst St
flen'i Paswnger Office, 643 Harkst St., Pisr No. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R, SI S ?
TO NEW YORK VU PANAMA 013EQT.
Cabin. J105; Steerage. WO; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll . eails , Aa4.
S. S. Lcelanaw wails - Atifi.
S. 6. Argyll spl's , Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p m
Freight and passenser office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTI3U3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -„
Sallln? every Thursday, instead .ot rf£*fPr&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dler 42. >S*si! l <*sS
North River. loot of Morton street; La Nor-
raandie, August 22: La Bretagne, August 23-
La Champagne, September 5; *La Savoie. SeD-
tember 12.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlner). New
Yjo.-k. J. F. FUGAZI & CC. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Express Steamers. '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AAIERICA.NA DC VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU .....Aug. 16J*\ALKXA Sept. 4
GUATKMAT^A..An«r. T> ICOLOMBIA Sept. 31
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changn at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenirer office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Pen. Ag*nt».
BAY AND RIVEB ' STEAMERS.
'?W^TsTmTm^ AND^yAiiia
Steamers GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICBLLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a.m.. 8:30" p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, g p. m.. . except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare 5a
cents. Telephone Main UOS. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. MIssion-st. dock. HATCH BROS.As soon as peace was declared he of
fered his services to the Americans and
Jbas since been employed In various offi
xial positions under this Government.
Senor Barretto is one of the very few
high-class Filipinos who have visited this
cotmtry, and one of the still fewer who
have remained consistently faithful to
the United States from the Inception of
the trouble up to the present time.
When war was first declared against
Spain, Senor Barretto was serving as a
colonel in the Spanish army and took
part in numerous actions against the
Americans. On August 13 he had charge
of a portion of the defenses in front, of
Manila, and when that city fell he sur
rendered to General— then colonel— Jim
Smith of the First California Regiment.
Staying at the Palace Hotel. wher« he
arrived yesterday from Vancouver, is
Senor Enrique M. Barretto, chief trans
lator for the provost marshal general of
the Philippines. Senor Barretto Is on his
way to Spain, but will spend some time
in sightseeing in the United States be
fore crossing the Western Ocean.
United States at Manila, Visit
ing Here.
Senor Barretto, Chief Translator for
FILIPLNO WHO HAS
SERVED FLAG WELL
1 It surmises that other European states
will avoid differences with the United
States and will delay their negotiations
with Germany until they see how trade
relations with the United States come out.
"If Germany will first reach an under
standing with the United States, giving
the United States the minimum rates."
says the Kreuz Zeltunsr, "then she will be
able to make similar terms with the great
powers of Europe."
The Muenchener Allgemeine Zeltung.
which has close relations with the German.
Foreign Office, asserts that Count von
Bulow has given instructions to the semi
official telegraph agencies to discontinua
disseminating unfavorable foreign com
ment upon the tariff bill.
BERLIX, Aug. 16.-In Jta leading edito
rial to-day the Kreuz Zeitung returns to
the subject 'ot a commercial treaty with
the United States. It urges the German
Government to make such a treaty be
fore approaching European powers and in
this way to "avoid the necessity of giving
gratis to the United States the most-fa
vored nation treatment after treaties have
been concluded with European nations."
Anxious for. a Commercial
Agreement Before Dealing
With Other Powers.
Berlin Press Would Have
Germany Deal First
With America.
URGES MAKING
A NEW PARTY
James A. Berwick, who .has occupied
the position of weather observer, at : Sac
ramento for the 'last twenty years, has,*
at hia own request, been transferred to a
similar position at Denver. His successor
at Sacramento is James H. Scarr, former
ly of Helena, Mont. ¦ ¦ ,;: - -
Robert Taylor, who • was held to answer
on a charge of robbery, pleaded guilty
yesterday before Judge Graham in Judge
Cook's court to a' charge of, grand lar
ceny and was sentenced '. to • serve four
years In Folsom Penitentiary. He knocked
down Fred Haines on the night of May
21 and stole a gold watch valued at $75
from him. • • .¦ , ¦ • ¦
Taylor, Is Sentenced.
Colonel G. French, who has command of
the Salvation Army forces on the Pacific
Coast, has just returned from the.Ha
waiian Islands. While there he Inspected
the work of the army and was the re
cipient of a hearty welcome ,from the
workers. He is to be given a welcome by
his fellow workers In this city. He will
lead a special holiness meeting at the bar
racks.. 1139 Market street, to-night at S
o'clock- • l
Welcome for Colonel French.
Richard Jose, the eminent contra tenor,
who Is summering; in. San Francisco, will
sing at the Orpheum to-nigbt and to
morrow night - and at to-morrow's mati
nee. In place of Alexandra . Dagmar, who
leaves for Los Angeles to-day. Jose is
very popular here and he is assured of a
hearty .welcome.
... -. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦
Richard Jose to Sing at the Orpheum.
Death Follows Accidental Shooting.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 13.— B. Martini, an
Italian, died last night at the Hotel Santa
f'ruz He was a section hand on the nar
row gauge road. While trying" to kill a
with the butt end of a rifle
*Lh<* weapon was discharged and Martini'
received a bullet In the leg.
fessor Sbenier B. Newberry, who failed
to contest the case. Each party was
barred by the court from any right, title
or interest in real or personal property of
th» other. Mrs. Newberry was also given
the custody of the two children.
SANDUSKY, Ohio, Aug. 15.— Mrs. Clara
White Newberry, daughter of Embassa
dor Andrew D. White, was to-day granted
absolute divorce from her husband. Pro-
Secures an Absolute Divorce.
STROUDSBURG, Pa., Aug. 15.— John B.
Storm, one of the leading Democrats in
Pennsylvania, and who served four terms
in Congress, died to-day.
John B. Storm.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— Although It Is un
derstood that the arrival of Frederick
William, the German Crown Prince, In
England to-day is the fulfillment of a
long-standing promise, the rumor is re
vived that it is in connection with a mat
rimonial suit for the hand of one of the
daughters of the Duke of Connaught. The
Crown Prince will go to the north of Scot
land to-morrow to shoot grouse.
German Crown Prince in England.
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED
; BY EPWORTH LEAGTJERS
Members of the Organization Sold
Annual Rally in Howard M. E.
.. -. ¦ . Church.
Epworth Leaguers crowded . Howard M.
E. Church last evening and participated
in the annual rally and election of that
organization. Delegates from . many
churches of the city were present. The
sacred- edifice was prettily decorated in
the colors of the alliance. A large Ameri
can flag was entwined over the platform,
and^surmounting it was a Maltese cross
in red, white and yellow.' ¦ :
A. A. Knox, ex-president of the society,
was in charge of the programme. Preced
ing the election the following numbers
were rendered: • .
Voluntary, ,W. E. Corris; "America,"
congregation; anthem, choir; address of
welcome, Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.;
solo, < "Song of Triumph;" C. E. Edwards;
tableau, "Rock of Ages," Miss Esther
Hoover and- class; trio,' Miss Flora Bol
linger, Mrs.'H. M. Owens and C. E. Ed
wards. • '.. ¦'--¦¦' . ". ¦- ¦-.- ' . -
Refreshments were served during the
social chat in the vestry- and parlors in
the basement of the church. The election
resulted as follows: President, ,C. J.
Harrs ; first vice . president, Miss » Carrie
Brown; second vice president, Miss Jennie
Gunn; third vice president, Roy Hudson:
fourth vice-president, E. J. Biggerstaff;
treasurer, E.-W. Strange; secretary, Miss
Jennie Griffiths. -,. ; .
In the Divorce Court.
Henry Martin Becks has been granted
a divorce from Cassie i C. Becks on the
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by August Mingst against
Carmen Mingst for desertion, Agnes Hoff
mann against C. C. Hoffmann for failure
to provide, Laurena M. Mclntyre against
John B. Mclntyre for desertion, I. P.
Hennlng against Ella Henning for. failure
to provide, Emily. Hoffman against Wil
liam Hoffman for cruelty, Josephine Ram
sey against John T. Ramsey for failure to
provide, Anna E. Browning against "Wil
liam P.' Browning for failure to provide,
Frances Brown against J. A. Brown for
desertion and Dexter M. > Pease against
Margaret A. Pease for desertion.
Mrs. Kellogg Wins Case.
Judge vCoffey '¦ yesterday .decided : that
Alice ; Elolse Kellogg, was not . of unsound
mind," hence he denied the petition of rela
tives to declare her an 5 incompetent and
to - appoint : in her stead an executor to
manage ' the estate of her late husband.
Jim Jeffries Returns.
,'Jim Jeffries, Billy Delaney, Jack Jeffries
and Joe , Eagan returned * yesterday from
Harbin Springs. Jim is in fine fettle and
says he is ready for anybody at any time.
Jeffries and Delaney; will be at the fights
this evening before- the San Francisco
Athletic Club. . -- '
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 15.— Fred W. Swan
ton, promoter of the electric road which
he proposes to have built between this
city and Watsonville, accompanied by Su
pervisors White, Estey. Ball, Collins and
Baldwin, left this city this morn
ing and went over the proposed route.
The proposition is meeting with favor all
along the route, as it means much for the
big fruit industry at the lower end of the
county. It will also connect Capltola by
a branch line and Corralitos in the same
manner.
Inspect New Railroad Route.
Judge Graham yesterday entered-judg
ment in favor of Sheriff Lackmann, and
forthwith a . portion of plaintiff's claim
will be satisfied. . • . " .
Sixteen of- the trunks Demetrio claimed,
and he remained behind when the com
pany departed and filed suit against Sher
iff Lackmann to recover possession of the
trunks, together' with $5000 damages and
$500 spent in their pursuit. In defense to
the action the Sheriff contended that the
trunks were tha property of Manager Az
zali, «nd.the proofs established that even
if such was not the case he made the
claim that they were, ; and Demetrio filed
no protest, when they went through the
custom-house at El Paso. ;'
Papageorgopulo Demetrlo.has lost the
6ixteen trunks he Bays he brought with
him. when' he came here from Mexico to
sing with the Azzali Opera Company at
the California Theater. The Azzali com
pany was good, all but the management.
When the season closed the company was
in debt to Oppenheimer & Co., and all the
available trunks and scenery were at
tached.'
Sheriff From the Azzali
Company.
Property He Claimed Was Taken by
CPEBA SINGER DEMETRIO
IX)SES SIXTEEN" TRUNKS
A large and enthusiastic meeting of rep
resentatives from all trie local lodges of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen
was held last nlght-to make arrangements
for the proper celebration of the thirty^
third anniversary of the foundation of the
order, which will fall on the 2Sth of Oc
tober. W. H. Barnes, D. G. M., was elect
ed permanent president. M. J. Blackman
vice president, : M. J. Maguire secretary
and. J.. E. Lee assistant secretary. The
representatives • from the thirty-one
lodges, the Grand Lodge extension com
mittee, the San Francisco extension com
mittee and the local district deputies were
named as the general committee, and then
the following named were selected as the
executive committee:
C. T. Spencer of the Grand Lodge exten
sion committee. J. C. Sharp of the San
Francisco extension committee, E. C
Stock of the 1 district deputies- and John
McKenzie, A. W. Tuggey, D. A. Hanley,
M. Glennon, M. L.' Stern and Joseph Lee,
to represent the lodges. t
> It was announced that, on the night
named the supreme master workman and
a past supreme master workman would be
in this city. • ; •
The general committee will meet again
a week from to-morrow night. .
Ancient Order of United "Workmen
Arranging for a Big Event in
October.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 15.-Charles B.
Hayden, a young butcher, was the victim
of a street car accident this evening. Hay
den was riding his bicycle on East First
street as a trolley car was coming toward
him from town. Just as Hayden and the
car were almost on a line his wheel
slipped and he was thrown on the track.
The car was stopped within a length and
the unconscious man was picked up. He
had sustained a fracture of the base of
the skull. A physician was called and did
what he could, but expressed the opinion
that the man was doomed.
Wheelman Fatally Injured.
rRATEBNAL ANNIVERSABY •
WILL BE CELEBRATED
Cashier Garthwaite of the Oakland Bank
of Savings said -ho. was- not looking for
any city warrants to discount, owing to
the uncertainty surrounding, the ,tima
when funds would-be available.' .
Cashier Norrls of the Central Bank ex
pressed the same views.
Cashier High of the Farmers' and Mer
chants'- Bank said he was cashing a few
warrants - for regular customers at 8 per
cent discount. ' . -
D.NEdward Collins of . .the California
Bank thought the warrants, would be all
right.' ';:;•< :¦ ' -: • . : " -.\J :.. -•/ ¦¦¦¦'.'.'¦.
• "In view of the protests which, have
been filed with the board of equalization
we think it best not to discount any more
city warrants until, the assessment raising
questions are cleaned ; up. I understand
the Oakland Bank of Savings' people have
arrived at the same conclusion.' .i
The only two banks at which any dis
counting is being done are the Farmers'
and Merchants'. Bank. and the California
Bank. The Union Savings Bank and the
Central Bank are not, handling city, war
rants. ''¦". y
Cashier Burpee of the , First National
Bank uald: :;•> ¦--• , . • ,
Municipal creditors who desire to realize
upon their claims before the tax mo.ney is
available have gone 'to the banks and to
private money lenders, securing advances
on the warrants at . a ¦¦ small discount —
usually one-half of one per cent a month."
The money received into the city treasury
exclusive .-of* tax .payments is far from
sufficient to meet all, demands. Rather
than to wait until tax money Is in hand
employes and other creditors resort to
discounting their warrants. •
Because of the threatened long litigation
and possible tie-up of funds bankers have
put a stop to the loans. The officials at
the First National Bank and the Oakland
Bank of Savings have shut down on city
warrants because of the uncertainty sur
rounding the legality" of -the assessment
increase.- Some of the financiers have
raised the question whether, the board of
equalization has not invalidated the entire
assessment roll in its attempt ' to make
good the cut on the water corijpany's as
'sessment. .
The conditions are primarily due to the
protests and the preliminary moves which
have been made by property owners who
are protesting against the increases which
the Council as a board of equalization
has made on many holdings in the busi
ness center. If the legal fights which
have been threatened shall be carried Into
the courts the municipal taxes, the first
Installment on which is due in ,Novem
ber, will be tied up indefinitely and a
stress of financial difficulties will con
front the government much, more serious
than the ordinary fiscal year deficits.
Th« (Kty Council, by its action in raising
assessment valuations, has placed the
municipal funds in a dangerous condition
Three of the big banks in this city havo
refused to further accept city warrants
as collateral. The city's credit has been
put upon a doubtful footing by this action
and the municipal creditors are In a situ
ation which gives them cause for no little
alarm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, Aug. 15.
FRESNO. Aug. 15.— Roland Thompson,
aped 24 years, attempted to commit sui
cide at the Abbottsford House in this city
this afternoon by swallowing a grain of
strychnine. He is the son of L. H. Thomp
son, a Lodi druggist, formerly of Fresno.
The voung man uses morphine, and
stated* in a note written to his mother
that his inability to quit the habit was
the cause of his act. He will probably
recover.
iv; mail to Union. Postmasters commis
sioned: California — John Knight, KIk
Creek; Carrie M. Ladd, Lecosta. Ore
gon—James B. Ford, Canyonville. Wash
ingtrn— George R. Street, Georgetown.
.Post office name changed: Washington—
JJwamish, King County, to Georgetown.
Postmaster appointed: California — H. H.
Mil'er, El Rio, Ventura County, vice F.
\2 Eastwood, resigned.
Pensions granted: California— Original,
SCewtoa S Stith. Middletown. $6. In
crease, Josephh I. Wooderson, Los An
gels. $8. Oregon— Original, Abraham
S}Hin?in. Mapleton, $6; William A. Hutch
inson. Mount Tabcr, $8.
Young Man Attempts Suicide.
Cf Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.-Postoffice es
tablished: California— Volcano Springs.
Sr.n Diego County, Francis E. Holloway.
postmaster. Discontinued: August 31,
Oregon—Ruby, Douglas County; mail to
Ada. Washington— Amelia, Mason Coun-
TUSCALOOSA, Ala., Aug. 15.— A mob
of about fifty men entered the jail be
fore daylight this morning-, determined to
lynch Henry Pratt, colorod, charged with
attempted assault on Sallie Dice, a little
white girl. Sheriff Kyle was sleeping at
ihe jail. The mob entered his room, slip
pod a pistol from beneath his head and
awoke iiim with a demand for the keys
to the jail cell containing the prisoner.
After some parleying the Sheriff worked
his way to a closet, seized a loaded shot
pun and told the mob that they must kill
him before they could get the prisoner.
In face of the loaded gun the mob left
the jail and di5persed. It Is rumored that
the mob was also after a negro who was
brought here from Coaling last night for
attempted assault on Miss Anna Cobb.
ERAVE SHERIFF BAFFLES
A CROWD OF LYNCHEB5
Drives Them From the Jail at the
Point of a Shotgun and Saves
His Prisoner.
SOUTH McALISTER. I. T., Aug. 15.—
Bailey Lewis, the remaining "Katy" train
robber, was arrested to-day. George
Brown, one of the robbers, made a con
fession to-day, implicating seven men who
are now under arrest. The men will be
tried and bound over and in September
they will on conviction be given life sen
tences. ."Within two hours after the rob
bery nearly all of the robbers had been
arrested and placed in jail. This is the
quickest work ever performed by officers
in Indian Territory and deserves com
mendation.
All of His Associates.
That Leads to the Arrest of
Furnishes Information to the Officers
XATY TRAIN ROBBER
MAKES FULL CONFESSION
Banks Refuse to Dis
count the Municipal.
Warrants.
CARTHAGE, Mo.. Aug. 15.-The follow
ing invitation was issued to the Fusion
Populists of the United States to-day, by
J. H. Cook, chairman of the Allied Third
party and also chairman of the Fus'on
Populist State committee of Missouri:
A mass national conference has been called
to meet in Kansas City September 18 and 19.
1901, of all the reform forces of the United
States inviting the fusion Populists of the
nation to participate in harmony with all other
national reform forces in launching and nam
ing a national third party political organiza
tion in line with the principles enunciated at
the Kansas City conference of June 18 and 19,
1901. At the coming conference it is hoped the
People's party wijl be reunited and join hands
with all reform forces in the nation in the ad
vance of reform principles. J. Ht COOK.
Chairman of Allied Third Party of Missouri.
an Invitation to Fusion Popu
lists to Harmonize.
Chairman of the Third -Party Issues
NATIONAL REFORM FORCES
WILL MEET IN CONFERENCE
While the precession traversed the prin
cipal streets the Varez fired minute guns.
The procession -was virtually Identical
with that which followed the funeral car
In Naples, and the gathering of spectators
was enormous. Many flowers were thrown
from windows along the route to the
Church of Albert Dello Poveri, where the
coffin was placed.-
Entering Earbor.
PALERMO. Sicily, Aug. 15.— At the
funeral service;! cf Signor Francesco Crls
pi in Palermo to-day there was a repeti
tion of the scenes of universal respect and
mourning witne-ssed yesterday In Naples.
The Italian armored cruiser Varez, bear
fng the body, the members of the Crispi
family and representatives Of the Govern
ment, entered the harbor with the escort
ing cruisers early in the afternoon and
tired nineteen guns, the forts replying.
The coffin was landed in a small boat.
Cruiser Varez, Bearing the Body,
Fires Nineteen Guns When
GEEAT KESPECT SHOWN
THE MEMORY OF CRISFI
¦ The first thing that will strike the eye
of visitors when they enter the Ringling
menagerie will be a long line of ele
phants extending through the center ! of
the tent for a length of 350 feet. There
are thirty in the herd, or more than one
half all those In America, These -ele
phants alone eat more than the 500 horses
of the show. ';.:".. . ¦ ¦
The. ostrich has long been celebrated
for Its. copper-lined stomach, but the cas
sowary can eat with a relish what the
ostrich will run from. It had not been
with the circus a week before It had
devoured the tin lining on the roof of
Its house. The cassowary Is a rare bird.
Not many have. been exhibited In Amer
ica. £.. , " - •-;¦¦¦' •• •
One of the curiosities of the Ringling
menagerie Is a cassowary, a peculiar bird
captured in Australia. The bird has a
small head, a long, giraffe-like neck,
feathers which are In appearance like the
quills of a porcupine and bowed legs. This
gay bird was colored by nature with all
the hues of the rainbow. Its long neck
looks much like a pousse cafe, and Its
head and the comb above It are as bril
liant as an Italian suset. The casso
wary Is extremely proud of Its kaleido
scopic plumage, . and when it hops about
in its pen displaying Its brilliant coat it
looks like the supplement of a New Tork
Sunday paper. It has been named Au
rora.
The other day the zebu called an in
dignation meeting, and a petition was
sent to Fatima, asking her to kindly press
on the soft pedal after 10 o'clock at
night. ....
When Fatima puts out the cat at night
and winds the clock, she proceeds ' with
out delay to swallow, her soft palate. The
horned horse awakes with a start and
thinks the lightning has struck the smoke
house, the lion lashes his fly brush in
rage and the. wart hog believes some one
is trying to get his diamond shirt stud
from under his pillow. • •
, The animals of the Ringling menagerie
went on a strike the other day because
Mrs. Hip snores ii.G minor during the
still watches of the night and keeps them
all awake. Any one who has heard a
hippopotamus snore will sympathize with
the ring-tailed baboon , and the sacred
ox. - i . .
, Fatima, the lovely hippopotamus In the
menagerie of Ringling Bros.' circus,
weighs only 4800 pounds in her stocking
feet.- She is as big as a hen-house and
her den Is as large as a trolley car, ac
cording to -an agent of the show. . •
Cage as Largo as a Trolley
Car. .
Patima, the Hippopotamus, Bequires
many queer animals
, coming with: cuwttjs
Professor Charles Mills Gayley returned
to-day from Europe, where he has been
for several months past.
Tc-day the upper classes registered In
the . gymnasium. The building presented
a lively appearance with hundreds of stu
dents sitting around tables arranging
their schedules of studies and dozens
passing continually to and fro. Figures
on registration will not be available for
several days. Recitations commenced in
the upper classes at 1 o'clock.
The Le Conte memorial services . have
changed somewhat the plan of events at
the university next week. As arranged
now instead of holding a meeting ex
clusively for freshmen tnere will be a gen
eral .university meeting Monday morning
at 11:15 o'clock In the gymnasium. Pres
ident Wheeler will j be the only, speaker.
Drill of the upper class cadets will be
postponed from Monday until Wednesday.
No rally will be held Monday night as
originally » planned. .The freshmen will
register during the day.
Professor C. L.. Cory, head of tha Electrical
Engineering Department: Professor Edmund
O'Neill of the Chemistry Department, and Pro
fessor "W. E. Magee. director of physical cul
ture.
The" committee on general arrangements
is made up as follows:
Changes Plan of Events.
Martin Kellogg, emeritus professor of tho
Latin language and literature and former pres
ident of the university: Frederick Slate, pro
fessor of physics and dean of the faculty of the
College of Natural Sciences.
• The eulogists were all close personal
friends of Dr. Le Conte during life and
hence are peculiarly fitted 'to speak of
his character and work. Two committees
have charge of the s.erviceg. The com
mittee to select speakers " consists of the
following named:
Professor Irving Strlngham.'dean of the Col
lege of Social Sciences at Berkeley; Hon. Hor
ace Davis of San Francisco, ex-presldent of the
university: Professor W. E. Ritter of the
Zoology Department, and Professor J. M.
Stlllman of Stanford.
Plans for the memorial services are lust
being formed and complete details are
lacking. The committee In. charge has,
however, selected the following named to
speak at the exercises:
To Speak at Exercises.
BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— Services in mem
ory of the late Joseph Le Conte. will be
held next Wednesday afternoon at Z
o'clock In Harmon Gymnasium- at the
University of California. It has been
deemed fitting by the university authori
ties that at this early opportunity faculty,
students and friends should meet to con
teniplate together the blameless life work
of the departed scholar. College exercises
will be. suspended at the hour of meeting
so that all students may be present.
falls into a tank
OF BOILING WATEH
Employe of a Fresno Cannery Has a
Narrow Escape From Terrible
Death.
FRESNO. Aug. 15.— D. R. Hawes fell
into a vat of boiling water at the Griffin
& Skelton cannery, this afternoon and was
severely burned nearly to his waist.
Hawes is a truckman emploved in the
cannery. During the afternoon he had oc
casion to cross the vat of water, used to
turn into the engines when quick steam
is desired. There was a board across the
vat used as a bridge. "Just as Hawes
stepped on the board it slipped and dropped
him into the wafer. Luckily the tank was
but three feet deep. Hawes pulled him
self out of the scalding water, but fainted
almost as soon as he got to the floor.
Medical assistance •was Immediately
called and his burns dressed. It will be
several weeks before he is out again.
"For eleven years we paid the water
company $5 a month for a private'hy
drant at our mills. When we put on our
hose to-night we got a stream of ten
feet from the nozzle. It wasMmposslblo
for us to do a thing toward saving our
big plant. For my part I am done. After
seeing the labor of years wiped out in
two hours I quit. The works will not be
rebuilt." *
The Niehaus Company was composed of
E. C. Niehaus, Otto Niehaus and G. A.
Schuster. After the fire was under con
trol Schuster said:
Some of the burned structures were
built on piling out over the water side
of Second street. Everding's loss was in
the stock on hand and machinery. The
Haywood lumber yards suffered $1000 loss
from burned lumber. Across Second
street Everding's gristmill caught fire, but
the firemen saved it from destruction. '
The door and sash factory, with 6000
doors in stock, the dry kiln and packing
shops, were as quickly destroyed. The
stables went next, but all the horse3
were saved, and then the flames licked
up immense piles of finished and rough
lumber. The El Dorado Oil Works, to the
north of the mills, on University avenue,
west of Second street, were next In line
of the flames. One building, stored with
cocoanut oil, valued at $1000, was destroy
ed. The Everdlng Starch Works and
dwelling were wiped 'out; loss $13,000.
These were all ¦within easy distance • of
the mill buildings.
Nearly 100 men are thrown out of em
ployment by the fire, of whom sixty-five
were working in the big mills, which
Schuster said woiild not be rebuilt. To
save the wharves at the mills, laden with
hundreds of thousands of feet of lumber,
scores of volunteers threw piles of the
lumber into the bay and ripped up the in
flammable wharf, checking the progress
of the flames. One of the Oakland fire
engines was stationed at the West Berke
ley wharf, where it pumped salt water
from the bay, the stream effectually pre
venting the northward spread of the fire
at the El Dorado works. There the fire
men centered their efforts after it waa
seen that the mill property was doomed.
Night Watchman Joe Ramas discovered
the fire breaking out in lively shape at the
mill engine-room about 10 o'clock. He
tried to telephone an alarm call from the
mill, but time was lost because the line
was out of order. The flames spread so
quickly that no alarm was necessary to
arouse the neighborhood. The mills were
provided with a private hydrant, to which
hose was quickly attached, but a stream
of only ten feet from the nozzle could be
got, so light was; the pressure. The fire
attacked the main building, a two-story
frame structure. 100x175 feet, and contain
ing $28,000 worth of machinery. In an hour
it was in ashes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 15. -Fire broke out
at 10 o'clock to-night in the engine room
of Niehaus Brothers Company's big plan-
Ing mills at West Berkeley, wiping out of
existence three acres of buildings, lumber
piles and finished product of the mills, de
stroying John Everding's starch works
and his residence adjoining, badly damag
ing Moore & Co.'s El Dorado v Oll Works
and the Haywood Lumber Yards, and par
tially destroying Everding's grist mill.
The loss reaches $120,000, of which $100,000
is upon the planing mills, with insurance
of only $16,500.
Dr. Le Conte Memorial
Services to Be Held
• . , . ¦ at Berkeley.
Big" Conflagration Causes
$120,000 Loss in
Berkeley.
Aside from the Textile Council's action
it was also shown by the Central Labor
Union, which met to-night, that every or
panized labor body in Fall River will act
in union ivith the operatives.
The meeting to-night might be said to
have fully represented the opinion of the
textile operatives.
The council has no power to order ac
tion, as it is purely an advisory body, but
its suggestions have great weight* with
the union.
TEXTILE WORKERS WILL
RESIST CUT IN WAGES
Labor Organizations of Fall River
Will Join Operators in Event
of a Strike.
FALL RIVER. Mass., Aug. 15.— The de
termination of the textile workers in the
Fail River print cloth mills to strike if
ihe atte/npt to cut wages about 15 per
cent is made v.-as voiced to-nigrht "at the
Textile Council session. The sentiment of
the council was crystallized in a motion
passed to recommend to each organization
affiliated resistance to an attempt to re
duce wages on the ground that the propo-
Eition is unbusinesslike and unjustifiable
In the present condition of the cotton
mannfarturinir iniustrv.
This amendment, which has been cer
tified to by the Department of Arkansas.
Is proposed to enable thousands of South
ern men, loyal to the Union, who were
compelled to take arms against the
North, but when opportunity offered es
caped and enlisted in the Northern army,
to become members of the Grand Army.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 15.— At the thirty-fifth
annual encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic, to be held next month
in Cleveland, a number of important
amendments to the constitution will be
presented for adoption. Among them -Is
one amending the last clause of article
4 of chapter 1 of the constitution, by In
serting the word "voluntarily" and making
it read "No person shall- be eligible to
membership who has at any time volun
tarily borne arms against the United
States."
May Become Members.
Arms Against United States
Those Who Did Not Voluntarily Bear
GBAND ARMY WILL ADOPT
IMPORTANT AMENDMENTS
CITY'S CREDIT
IS IN DANCER
When searched at the police station the
officers found a pistol and a number o"
loose cartridges in Stone's pockets, also
a pocket-knife, a bunch of skeleton keys
and a Jimmy.
Mrs. A. M. Graham, who lives with the
Harringtons, thought the burglar was
trying to enter her window and was
greatly frightened. She thought there
were two burglars.but it afterward de
veloped that the voices she heard were
those of the burglar and his captor.
Stone was then taken to the Central
police station and charged with burglary.
Detectives Wrenn and Dlnan were sent
out from the main office. and investigate:!
the premises, but were unable to find any
tools. W. S. Kittle, whose residence ad
joins the Harrington house, heard the
shooting and saw the burglar taken into
custody. -
Instead of obeying the man leaped a
fence, and while he was going 1 over the
obstacle Helbush fired. The shot simply,
accelerated Stone's speed.' The officer
followed and fired again just as the fel
low was rushing through the yard of
W. B. Harrington's residence, at- 2521
Steiner street. The second bullet had its
effect and the burglar came to a stand
still and- surrendered after a struggle with
the special. Helbush took him to the Re
ceiving Hospital and the doctors found
on examination that one bullet had grazed
his groin.
Officer Helbush displayed courage • In
capturing the burglar. He was walking
down Jackson street, and when in the
neighborhood of Steiner he heard a. noise
in the rear of the Spruance residence.
Without a moment's hesitation ' he en
tered the place and climbed through the
opening of an additional wing that is be
ing added to the house. As he emerged
into the yard he saw his man leap from
the Spruance rear porch to the sod, and
Helbush ordered him to halt.
The police, however, believe he Is the
man who has been operating in that vi
cinity for the past week and Is known as
"Jack the Borer." Detectives Wrenn and
Dlnan have been searching for the bur
glar, who uses an auger Ho: gain admit
tance to houses. He left impressions of
his work at the residences of A. B. Ham
mond, .2601 Jackson street; Dr. Bowles,
2626 Pacific avenue, and it \ is thought
Stone was at these places earlier in the
evening. . ¦ '*-
Robert Stone, a 21-year-old burglar, was
captured last night by Special Officer
Herman H. Helbush while trying to force
an entrance into the rear of the residence
of John Spruance at. 2504 Jackson street.
Helbush fired two shots at 'his man be
fore the latter would surrender. One of
the bullets passed through Stone's cloth
ing and; he thought he was hit. "When
taken to the Central police station he re
fused to divulge his identity.
Housebreaker, Interrupted While
Trying to Force Entrance to
Spruance Residence, Is Pur
sued by Bullets.
H. Helbttsh Takes Notorious
Criminal After Desperate
Fight.
Force and not parliamentary agitation
as the means of securing Ireland her lib
erty was advocated by O'Donovan Rossa.
and other speakers at the Irish National
demonstration at Fifty-second and Hal
stead streets to-night. Setting fire to the
principal cities of England, as the means
of weakening the British power and so
creating a favorable opportunity for the
Irish to rise and assert their rights by
arms was the most loudly applauded sen
timent expressed during the evening.
"The idea of obtaining anything from
England," declared Rossa, "save by the
sword, 1 is nonsense."
At Oswald's Grove, O'Donovan Rossa
in his address agreed with Michael Davitt
that emigration is drawing the heart's
blood out of Ireland, but the worst thing
for the country, declared the speaker, is
the fact that there is really no disposi
tion among the Irishmen to really do
anything.
Resolutions were adopted announcing
faith in the patriotism and ability, of the
men who are directing the Irish cause
in Ireland, declaring admiration for and
sympathy with the Boers and regretting
that the United States has Withheld its
active aid from them.
A second meeting was held in the even-
Ing, at which Davitt repeated his ad
dress, and speeches were made by a num
ber of local Irishmen.
A meeting nearly in strength to that at
Sunnyside Park was held at Oswald's
Grove under the auspices of the Irish Na
tionalists. At the former meeting Michael
Davitt was the chief speaker and at the
latter O'Donovan Rossa.
Davitt, after contrasting the conditions
In Ireland to-day with conditions as they
existed in the early part of the nineteenth
century, said: /
I was here in. this city addressing the Irish
Eocieties of Chicago fifteen years ago to-day.
AVitnln that time fully 600,000 young men and
young women have crossed from Ireland to
these United States, not to return, but to re
main.~ Allowing half of these' to- have been
men, the loss to Ireland and the. gain to the
republic would be a quarter of a million o£
t.ie- younger and brawnier of our manhood.
That is eiffht times the number of men of
another race who for the last two years have
for a time beaten one of the greatest empires
in the world in the field, and who are still
unconquered, and I believe, unconquerable, by
the same power which has been mainly in
strumental in forcing our people from their
own to other countries.
' The notion obtains/ In many minds here In
America that nothing/would have been or could
have been done at home during the last twenty
years were it not for the unstinted -monetary
support that has flowed across the Atlantic,
inat is a ridiculous delusion. I venture to say
that our people at home, poor aa they are,
have subscribed five dollars for every one given
by our friends and kindred here. . It is not
America that has been pouring ita treasure
out to Ireland, /but the other way about. Forty
thousand of our young people come here from
the old land every year to add to the .wealth
producing power, of the States. Econimically
valued, these emigrants are worth $1000 each
to the industrial assets of Uncle Sam. ¦
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Four thousand Chi
cago Irish-Americans gathered at Sunny
side Park this afternoon on the twenty
sixth annual demonstration of the United
Irish Societies, commemorating the three
hundred and second anniversary of the
victory of Yellow Pass and the three hun
dred and third anniversary of Hugh
O'Neill's victory over -the English at the
Yellow Ford. ' , " '
TO THE MEMORY
OF DEAD SAVANT
The Press will also say that the plan
contemplated by the 'United States Steel
Corporation Is nothing more than a high
development of the scheme that has pre
vailed in the Carnegie plant since 1S92.
After studying the success attained" by
Carnegie, it Is said that Morgan and his
assistants in the management of the
United States Steel Corporation deter
mined that it would be wise to extend th9
scheme.
At a recent conference, however, be
tween the executive board of the Amal
gamated Association and Charles Schwab,
the president of the United States" Steel
Corporation, it came out that Schwab, un
der the direction of Morgan,, had formu
lated a profit sharing scheme whereby it
was proposed to make every employe of
the steel corporation a co-operator in the
business. • .
The plan was conceived before the strike
was thought of, and then it was expected
that it might ne put in operation in two
years. It required time to formulate the
details of such a tremendous undertak
ing.- For this reason announcement vra3
withheld.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.- The Press will
say to-morrow: J. P. Morgan has plan
ned the greatest labor union of the age,
a union of labor and capital. According
to his plans, stock of the United State3
Corporation valued at several "millions of
dollars at par has been set aside for the
purchase at inside figures by the 165,000
men employed by the companies that
make up the great steel trust. *«. is con
templated to form this copartnership be
tween the shareholders and the employes
of the United States Steel Corporation.
FIRE DESTROYS
MUCH PROPERTY
HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 15.— The Dem
ocratic, State Convention to-day nom
inated Judge Harmon Yerkes of Doyles
town for Supreme Court Judge, and Rep
resentative Andrew Palm of Meadville for
State Treasurer. The platform makes no
reference to W. J. Bryan or national af
fairs, being confined exclusively to State
matter's. In the closing moments of the
convention resolutions were adopted with
out debate and by a practically unanimous
vote which will have the effect of blocking
any effort that may be contemplated look
ing to the withdrawal of the candidate
for State Treasurer and the substituting
of an anti-Quay Republican on a fusion
ticket.
The contest between the rival Philadel
phia factions for recognition by. the con
vention resulted in a harmony agreement
between the recognized leaders of the two
elements. A committee was designated
to co-operate with former Governor Rob
ert E. Pattison, chairman of the regular
city committee, In adjusting the differ
ences that may arise in reorganizing the
party in Philadelphia.
Following the ratification of the har
mony programme an effort was made by
J. O. Ullrich of Schuylkill to expel the
Philadelphia delegates. He made a speech
criticizing the harmony resolutions and
condemning the leaders of the Philadel
phia Democracy. An assistant sergeant
at-arms tried to force Ullrich to take his
seat, and there was almost a riot. The
police interfered, and after much excite
ment the Ullrich resolution to expel the
delegates was rejected. '• .
The decision of Chairman Keenan was
appealed from and was sustained.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— For some
time past the officials of the Treasury
Department have had under serious con
sideration the problem of how to prevent
Chinese from crossing the Mexican bor
der into the United States. A conclusion
has at last been reached which. It Is be
lieved, will go a long ways to the solu
tion of the matter. Under the treaty be
tween the United States and China Immi
grants from the latter country are al
lowed to pass through the United States
to any other foreign country, provided
however, that the treasury officials are
fatisfied their passage through this coun
try is for the bonafide purpose of -taking
up a residence in another and not for the
purpose of ultimately attempting to re
turn to the United States. During the
last few years many thousands of Chi
nese have been landed at the port of San
I-Tancisco under alleged contract to work
on plantations and railroads in Southern
Mexico. They have been permitted to
X^ass throush without hindrance, but a
careful Investigation has developed the
fact that not 10 per cent of them ever
reach the points to which they are tick
eted, but leave the trains at points along
the northern border of Mexico. In a short
t! I? e , y 1^' reach the United States, which,
officials claim, undoubtedly was their or
iginal purpose. The treasury officials
nave decided to take advantage of the
provision in the treaty that stipulates
that they shall be satisfied of the good
faith of the Chinamen seeking to go
through the United States to a foreign
country, and Instructions will be sent the
officials at San Francisco to require that
each Chinaman claiming Mexico as his
destination shall establish his good faith.
If the Chinaman is under contract to per
form labor in Mexico, he may present his
contract as evidence of good faith, but
In case of his failure to satisfy the offi
cials he will not be permitted to land. It
is expected this order will have the de
sired effect of keeping out a large per
centage of Chinese who would go to Mex
ico with the real purpose of ultimately
crossing the border into the United States.
Michael Davitt and O'Dono
.. van Rossa Make Notable
v -
Motion . to Expel Delegates
From Philadelphia Starts
a Row.
Burglar Who Has Baf
fled Police Found
i at Work.
Immigrants Will Be Rigidly
Examined Hereafter at
This Port.
It is probable that Hay will go to Can
ton before he returns 10 his summer home
at r\ewbury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— The State
Department Is waiting a reply from Spe
cial Commissioner Rockhill as to the date
of the signing of the protocol, as the dis
posal of this subject will pave the way
to taking up the question of new commer
cial treaties with China and facilitate
other important details in execution of
the protocol. Whether the present treaty
relations with China are sufficient or an
entirely new fabric will be required de
pends considerably upon the terms of the
protocol. It is expected that this docu
ment will be forwarded by Rockhill. and
not until it is in hand will the authorities
here feel like reaching a final determlna-
tion as to the scope of negotiations on
such new commercial treaty relations as
may become desirable. The protocol itself
appears to contemplate the creation of an
international board to sit probably . at
Shanghai, and to have charge of certain
details of commercial relations between
the powers and China. But it is expected
that the powers will further consider the
question of forming this board before it is
actually brought into existence.
May Require Changes Un
der Its Terms.
Treaty Relations With China
How the Head of Trust
Would Unite Capital
and Labor. .
Stock. of the Steel Corporation
Set Aside for Purchase
by Employes.
Noted Anniversaries of
Victories jj Over Eng
, land Celebrated.
Police Interfere in Time
to Prevent a Riot
in the Hall.
Uncle Sam Plans to Stop
Them Crossing Over
Mexican Border, i
Government Not Ad
. vised When Protocol
Will Be Signed.
AWAIT A REPLY
FROM ROCKHILL
MORGAN FLANS
A GREAT UNION
IRELAND'S HOPE
IS IN THE SWORD
STORMY SCENES
END CONVENTION
CHINESE EVADE
EXCLUSION ACT
"THE BOERS"
CAUGHT AT
MIDNIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; v. FRIDAY, AUGUST 16; 1901.
Deceased was 22 years of age, and, not
withstanding the fact that she had been
practically an invalid for the greater part
of her life and was therefore debarred
from participation In the more active
gayeties of society, she was a general fa
vorite with all who knew her. She spent
a great deal of her time in reading and
study and her wit. rare ability as a con
versationist and kindly disposition made
her much sought after, and even in her
semi-retirement 'it was seldom that she
was not surrounded by a large circle of
admirers when she was ¦well enough to
receive them.
The body was yesterday taken to Stock
ton, where It will be buried In the family
vault. ..... _ „-•¦¦¦. . .
Miss Jessie P. Simpson, the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. A. W- Simpson of Stockton,
died yesterday morning at 10 o'clock at
the Occidental Hotel. While the death of
Miss Simpson was not entirely unexpect
ed, the news of her demise will be read
with profound sorrow by many friends of
the family both here and in the East.
Expires After Suffering for
Many Years.
Daughter of the Stockton Capitalist
MISS JESSIE P. SHHPSOU
DIES AT THE OCCIDENTAL
' Last evening Perry was found on Grant
avenue and taken into custody.- A search
of his room failed to reveal the missing
plate. He i3 thought to have victimized
a number of storekeepers.
Frank, alias "Buck" Perry, an ex-con
vtct, was arrested last evening by De
tectives DInan and "Wren and Secret Ser
vice Agent Moflltt on suspicion of being
the man who has been passing worthless
New Brunswick bank notes on storekeep
ers. "When searched at the City Prison
one of the bogus notes was found in his
possession.
Some time ago one of the plates from
which the notes were printed was stolen
and the entire issue waa called in. Perry,
it is supposed, got possession of the pinto
and after printing a large number of the
notes began to dispose of them, first In
the East and later in this city.
Convict, Is Again in
Trouble.
AIXEGED SWINDLER IS
PLACED TJNDEB ABBEST
Frank, alias "Buck" Perry, an Bx-
The action predicted in The Call yester
day relative to the charter which it was
sought to obtain for the Great Council
was verified by the action of the majority
of that body after a prolonged discussion.
It was decided not to apply for a charter.
It is probabl* that the per capita tax
will be increased from 20 to 25 cents.
The Great Council desires a past Poca
hcntas' degree so that members who have
attained that rank may be able to prove
themselves to others of the same rank.
Edith Gish has been elected for the third
year as great trustee.
The Pocahontas Council.
The Advisory Board Will Invest
Money in the New Hall As
sociation.
At the session of the Great Council of
the Imprdved Order of Red Men yester
day there ¦were several minor amendments
presented for the betterment of the laws
and they were adopted.
It was decided to continue the endow
ment feature of the order.
The- advisory board was authorized to
act in conjunction with the new hall as
sociation and the board to Invest the
money received from the sale of the Post
street wigwam in the new association to
secure a new •wigwam.
It was decided to secure the photographs
of all past great sachems which have not
already been secured and place them In
the eallery now in the office of the great
chief of records.
The proposition to establish a board of
relief was defeated.
It was decided to exempt all new tribes
from the payment of per capita tax dur
ing the first six months of existence.
' Charters to tribes and councils institut
ed during the past year were on recom
mendation Issued.
A petition from the Degree of Pocahon
tas to have a past Pocahontaa' degre*
was referred to a committee which will
report to-day.
WORK OP THE TWO GREAT
COUNCILS OF THE RED TVTR1T
Senor Barretto has an unbounded admi
ration for America and American Ideas
and is a stanch admirer of General Mac-
Arthur. He deplores that gentleman's
return home, as he thinks it would be an
excellent thing for the Philippines if the
United States • would keep MacArtmir
there for another year or so.
Senor Barretto is not only a man of un
usual intelligence, but also one of very
superior attainments. He is a graduate
of both Spanish and English colleges, and
speaks fluently more than half a dozen
languages. For his services in ¦ the past
he has been decorated by the Spanish.
Portuguese. Roman and Italian govern
ments, and has at various times repre
sented these countries in various capaci
ties. . , .
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1901;
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. j
T5UEINERS OFFICE of The San Francisco
r»ll. ccrner cf Market and Third streets: open
rnt'l 12 o'clock every nlsht tn the year.
DRAXCn OFFICES— 517 , Montgomery street,
crrner Clav: ot«n until 9:30 p.. m. '-/'
WM Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
r?9 McAllister r.treet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Lsrkln ttrt-et: open until S:30 p. m.
5"<1 Mission street: cpen until 13 p. m.
22G1 Market Etreet. .corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1<"6 Eleventh etr*et: open until 9 p. m.
W6. Valencia rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tt'rkv streets; cpen until 9 p. in.
5310 FlTlmorp street: op^n until > p. m.
MEETIXC XOTICES.
Cf LIFORNIA Commnndery No. l. K.
T.. S Post st.— Regular assembly THIS 5
<VRIDAY) EVENING. By order or ffj(
the Commander. *. \p>
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lrxige No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at jfV.
7:C« oVlock. First degree. By order >S 5T
cf l!w V.'. M. r-trr\
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
P.KGt'LAR mcetfn? o7 the Cal«- v XT'!*.
Ionian Club THIS (FRIDAY) ?S **£] i
trVKSlKO. at S o'clock, gcottieh «£,"_•*
Hall. 117 Larkin st. • - - •. • >
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief, f
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. j
E.*N FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K .^"fXw
O. T. M.— _STle— THIS <FRTDAy* !
ITEJCTN** «t 8 o'clock. Pioneer
Hall. 21 Fourth ft. tWoR'titf '
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper.
A GRAND mass meeting -will he held on SUN-
DAY. AuruFt IS. in front of th<* new City
Hal! on Market st. to discuss the Issue t>»-
t«-«-<»n cep-tal and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON- I
>TFLL and other eminent ssreakers wlli ad- j
<5rpss the meeting. Com» one. come all. j
THE »n:;nsi m^et'.nc of the stockholders of <he I
Pnrlfir Unflertnke— *vill be held at 777 Ml«- i
sicn yt.. San Frr.ncisc". Cal.. on FRIDAY. I
Aacmt 23. ,J9f>l. at S o'clock p. m.. for the 1
*l=<-tir>n ft £i— <-tors for the enduing term. |
pnfl p.iso to cnri^fler tia amendment tn the by- |
larvs refl-ic'nc the rum r-?r of director? from 9 j
to 7. and the transaction nf such other busi- '¦
r»fs e? msv com* hpfnre the meeting. Trans- (
Or books will oloee Tiw>sdar. Aueurt 20. at 4 J
o'clock p. m. By order of t.h» board of dl- i
rector?. M. (*. GORHAM. Secrrtarv. !
AGENTS WASTED. !
SOLICITOUS— Salary and commission. Equita-
ble Indemnity Co., r 4. floor 10. Mills bldg.
>O^XTS even-where to se'l stock "fold
rrinp": p-ood pay. Newton & Harter. "9 S'kt. j
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER. arr>halt roofing, sidewalks re-
rain^i: r*>stal. 11?6 Mission: tei. Folsom 1SQ7.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free^divcrcos private bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships^f^rts: -wills drawn;fees low;open
ove's. THI'RSTON. 100S% M5ct.. r. 4, op. 5th. I
ADVICE fre»: divorce law a specialty; private; ¦
no fee without success ; collections. G. W. j
HQ~"E. atty at law. S50 J.Iarket.cor.Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 3S7 Parrott bldg.— Bank- |
ruptcy. estates, general practice: mod. fees. !
ADVICE free: no charre unless successful. W.
Vf. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance. |
BOOKS >*EW AJVD OL£>. !
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7C4-706-70S Mlssionst.
*'ti
IlOAIiDI.VT, FOR CHILDREN.
A LADY would like 1 or 2 small children or an
infant to board; best of care given; terms rea- 1
sonable. ;0*B Clementina st. I
LADY with her own home will board children: j
reasonable: near school. 4C23 Twenty-firth st.
2 OR 3 chffircn to board: good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California. 1
1
BUSINESS CHAXCES. !
A— $250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi- j
nees; net profits at least $100 per month; rent
tfi: come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
•WTLKE. 26H Kearny st. .
A— MOO; BRANCH bakery and coffee saloon
with 5 livinz rooms; rent $15; choicest loca-
tion; must be sold at once on account of
sickness or owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4
Kearny st.
1 3000— SALOON, restaurant and lodging In one
rif the most prospering towns in California; j
leaee; clieap rent; all in first-class order; I
clearing T30G per month. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
A— $1230: BAKERY and coffee saloon; very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
. Ing; a pplendid paving place: disagreement
nf partners cause of sale. Call R. G. (
¦WTLKE. 2CVi Kearny st. i
A— JliiCu: COFFEE fa loon and restaurant; one.
block 6outh of Market Ft.; daily receipts from
?90 tip: clearing about S400 per month; a rare
chance. CsU H. G. WILKE. 2Si4 Kearny st.
A— n500; FIRfT -CLASS In prices and flr»t-cla.«s
paying restaurant close to Chronicle bulld-
Ing: ccrnr. Investigate and you will find a
splendid investment. Call R. G. WILKE.
16^ Kearnr 6t.
FINE opcnlne for an active man with good
Sbusln«-sp qualifications; single _an preferred, !
good future for good man; capital needed $500. i
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.. I
817 Market et.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2. i
DRUG store and fixtures for sale: fine oppor-
tunity: "location corner Geary and Devi^adero
cts. For particulars apply to LANGLEY &
MICHAELS CO.. 28 First st.. or Board of
Trade of San Francisco, 2C2 Market st.
SSfiOO EACH; 2 new 5-room cottages; modern
Imrrovements: also 2 lots; will sell or ex-
change for any good-paying business. C.
HARBRIDGE & CO.. S23 Kearny st.
S3OO— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man: satisfied with $18
to $„ a we^k: no experience required: trial !
given before buying. 25 Geary st,. room L I
1150 — PARTNKR wanted: Indoor business;
steady man. McLaoKhlin & Co.r 777^ Market.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$30X in an optical business; must either be !
«n optician or bo able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
I2WW per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071Jj Mar-
ket 6t., Ban Francisco.
FOR Bale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
rtore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
Its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
st Healflsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
fc CO.. Santa Rosa.
BARBERF. do you want a two-chair barber
chop In hotel clearing $120 a month; fixtures
coet 5325; price $350 cash; shaving. 25c; trial
givec: reason pcor health. Address H. BRAY
Nevada City. Cal.
A GOOD chance for a physician to buy cheap
a Standard Static machine with motor, X-
Ray outfit, electrodes and laboratory, etc ;
¦will cell at a sacrifice. Box 4744. Call office.
tI50— SMALL chop house, complete having a
good trade; rent $10; a real bargain: must
"ell this week on account of other business;
good pl&p for man and wife. 90S% Howard.
COUNTRY hotel, near city; In a eood town;
no opposition ; paying well; must selL GAM-
MILI . & MOCK. 906 Market et.
FOR sale— Centrally located restaurant and
b»r: owner groin* north In few days: bargain-
no mxntm. Apply box 4734. Call office.
FOR s*le— Candy store and icecream parlor*
roofl location; make offer. 230 sixth bL
Jf"-'*~ A S 00 * vaxintc restaurant. Apply
210 TownwnH St.. bet. Third and Fourth. :
ENAP-Rertaaraat. lady or gentleman; small
capital. Apply 8 Washington Bt.
DIN-ING-ROOM elegantly fitted up for man and
wife; reliable parties only. 363 Geary et.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
vzl Howard st.; no agents'. . ' ? . ¦ •
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sal«
Address fi. F. Call Agent, Santa Cniz. Cat.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore rt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALBL
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint" 796*
100 rooming-houses. 10 to 600 rms. $50 to $25 000
l-">0 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 rms. $100 to *>o'ooO
40 flats, » to _ rooms. $80 to " '750
51 bcardins-houses. 10 to 100 rms. $250 to 10 000
£0 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to g'000
40 grocery stores. $400 to COOO
20 candy stores. IS00 to...i : 6' 000
40 saloons, $400 to 6* 000
10 cigar stores. 1300 to l^Ooo
. r ,C0 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 10 000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8 000
75 hotifles and lots, everywhere, $800 to.. 50,000
S chicken ranches. $400 to 1,700
60 ranches, everywhere. $300 to : .. 14,000
...To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call...
I can suit yon. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city end pay for if -
In monthly- payments
- from the profits
of tixQ house. ...'.-
Vacant houses furnished. .' .''-..
SOK— LD INVESTMENT CO.. KO Market .
MJPCrVQ HOUSES ff-R^AX^K— -Coii.
A. CAMERON~&~cb..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton Bt..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bu^h 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business |
to sell list wlth'uR. We have cash customers
for all Elzc-= and prices. See list of bargains. - i
<.C.r.: rent J300: elegantly fur. hotel. $«OCn
TO r.; cor.; best st. in Oakland; oak fur... 2S00 !
20 r.; rent $60; good fur., carp, and loe — 9jO ¦
Money leaned en deferr&d payments,' 1'6 P- c. j
14 r.; rent- $40: oak fur.: boarders 1000 •
11 r.; rent $47V4: hardwood fur.: reduced.. 5J) •
9 r.; rent f*5: nice, clean: house full 300 j
6 r.; rent $25: water free: cost S5C0 225 •
Over 600 houses listed. Call Defore buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71P Market St.. rooms 1-2.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING. |
These are samples. Call at office for list. |
9 rooms on Post St.: rent $40: income $S0;
piano; fine carpets and furniture $600
50 rooms; corner on Geary St.: low rent 2500
18 rooms; south -of Market: rent $35...:..... 450 j
7 rooms; rent $30: central; quiet ". 310 j
14 rtns.: principal st_: free water: rent $50 550
WE have legitimate bargains In lodging- i
houses saloons. car.<Jy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and -cigar propositions j
which we can vcuch for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO., S35 Market Ft.
BEFORE buying your lodglnp-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated: a trial j
given.
McBRIDE & CO .1016 Market St.
THE largest "and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
S15O— LODGING-HOUSE 6 rooms; rent S16: a
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777% Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & eee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. T».es., Fri., !> p. m., 50c; you can speak
¦ to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names: received medals from many coun-
tries; taken la*t world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 FuFh st. : tel. 2275 Larkin.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnhtfm. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: clr. Sun.. Wed.
and FrL evenings. 1C33 Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, buc medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c ' seance Sun.. Tuesi
nnd Thurs.. S p. m, : every one gets a teet: pri-
vate readings daily. 233 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM'£3 very Interesting circle j
to-nlgbt; skeptics Invited. 1035 Market, rm. 2.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: circle Tues. & Fri.. j
8 p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily, 50c. i
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
ist and card reading: 50c. 1007% Market st.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer 603 California
St.; communications answered by mall; 25e.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SC3 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M«"-er: r(tt«-.«-c r>!lv: f>st tn nil tn-nlzht.lOc ,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. "M. BERN A RdI ~~ ™~~~~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings anil portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not tatlsfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business trouble?, consult this great
medium and vou will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advlc? in nil affairs of life:
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket 6t.. corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
with special term*. Dally and .Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds -when others fail; permanently
. located at 123 Turk st. : readings by mall.
___________
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life: gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated;
net one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
SIMK. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnose? disease with life reaflinsr: ladies 50c.
gents fl: palm, and clair. sit.. Jl 60. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate— Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist. r*adpr of human destiny: never falls;
25c. SOc. -1203 Mission st: phone Howard 2675.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to Z p. m.
F'IKE t»sts ladles Wed. eve.. Thurs. morn..
Fri- aft.: no circles; private personal test.-,;
no money accepted. FRANKLIN, 353 Geary.
MME. LA ROSE.' best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 2»e up. 777% Market St.. room 18.
3IRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents GOc. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c 153S Markt.
REMOVED to 15S3 Marliet. Mrs. Dr. Valeen.
clairvoy.. palmist, life reader: sittings dally.
CLAIRVOYANT card-reader from Louisiana;
only liVx 3£ Minna st.. near 4th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ >r?ie Ft., bet. 5th and 6th.
HUE. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: miiim elvi>n: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATISG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
wend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. Z53-3.77 Tehama at.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main ?94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c: renovatiner. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN-S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone Eaat 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 2S-40 8th St.; tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. .Mission 74. *
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.: tsiershone Jegsle !>44.
" - CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, wcrts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburjrer fromN.Y.. specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
' less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
JW)a' tTTT HIGGINS. 927~Maricet~streeC
Emma Spreckels bjrtiding. Reasonable pries
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural aod
guaranteed, $3 up: a good metal plate $15:
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done- painlessly; teeth
without plates . our specialty; gold crowns,
t3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and- fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 50; fillings.
We; plates. $5; full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. A. 5! KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;,
specialties, crown ' and bridge ! work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.S15% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less attraction 50c; platea $3 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Fuli get of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer. building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. S69 Mission St.; cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET' of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair "and" moles^permanentTy
removed by electrolysis; facial massages with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 R-.ish et.
~~ DETECTIVE AGENCIES. .
McCABE'S Detective Agency handleTXirTeglU
lroate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building
rooms 322-324. Pan Francisco: tel. . South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Mr.DOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ATORDEON Pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Pest, over O"Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL. •
night-school IfoITmen. : V ,4 .
A practical and lrdustrial education 'for men:
Y. M. C A. building;: more courses of study
than any other night school-in the city for a
remarkably low 'tuition; send or apply for, the
prospectus at the .bulidinK. corner of . Mason
nnd Ellis sts.: opening. night. Tuesday. Sep-
.tember.10: registration beginning September,
1: departments — Art, business, civil service.
elementary, engineering, v high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary: A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AVRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $EC life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
Insr. bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,-
¦ spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bMg.'-J?
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher, of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing tnught: prac-
tical bookkeeping,-. full course, $50: catalogue.
A— THE . LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and -medical
colleges: references, President or any
Stanford profegsor. Phelan building. ; .
AN ambitious young man can* have Instruction
and board free for Janitor work. See SMITH.
27 Market Pt.. or write PROF. ANDERSON,
Irvington. Cal. • . . - ' ,
MERRILL-MILLER I College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bdokkeeDinf*. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett • School,
associated with theatrical ngency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEFPING. figures; the one man who per-
fects b»ginners. college grnduatea & bookkeep-
ers is TARE, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg. -f
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
. ; Gregg shorthand costs nnlv $60. San Fran-
clgco Business College. 1236 Market st
MART P.WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
Ipgsons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. expert «nced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1C0S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY i and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S BrsInesB College, 24 Post Ft.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80- page catalogue free.
PIANO and German: mioll or Lelpslc Conserva-
tory: lessons 75c and $1.' 320 Golden Gate ave.'
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MISS R. ELLIS, teacher of piano. 1S23 Devlsa-
dero st.; telephone Geary 4S1. ' 4
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese" heliPoTTll~kinds";
cooks, -waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Ft.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4im O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426. .
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emplovment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main B188.
EMPXOYMEJVT^^WAXTED-— FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman with a- baby wishes posi-
tion to do general housework: city or coun-
try: wages $15. Box 4767, Call office.
YOUNG wonTan wishes to take care of a child
from 2 to 5 o'clock. Please call after 1 o'clock
at 132 Turk st. - -- :
YOUNG lady wishes situation In first-class pri-
vate family; Is good seamstress ; also assist
as lady* maid. Apply at 1057 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKING by the day or will work at
home: remodeling: work called for. 507 Turk
st. ; telephone Polk 2510. •
A COMPETENT woman wants a situation to
do housework and cooking with a small wash.
Apply 112 Tehama St., near Second. •
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper. Address box 4703. Call office.
EXPERIENCED. lady wishes position in candy
or crockery store. 1530 Folsom st. \
DRESSMAKER and seamstress: good fitter;
sews 65c a day. M. M., 356 Minna st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 14S Sixth St., room 22.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. . no lncumbrance;
wishes to do housework for elderly gentle-
man; $8 per month. Address box H, Call
branch. 300 Hayes st. " "
COMPETENT girl, good cook, wants place in
small American family; no heavy washing;
wages $20 to $25. Address 316»4 Rltch st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place as as-
sistant In cooking or general kitchen work.
Please call or address 1731 Market st. '
EXPERIENCED girl wishes chamber work;
sleep home. Box 4755, Call office.
PLAIN sewing done; reasonable. J 501 Leaven-
worth &t., room 8.
WILLING woman wants position at house-
cleanlng work by the day. 268^ Tehama st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k<l— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ . ¦'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r»ce1vp<i pt fall branch office 2200 Fill more.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
STEADY. Industrious middle-aged man wants
situation; 'private place; can attend horses,
cow, garden and be generally useful; mod-
crate wages; good reference. Box 4704, Call.
SITUATION by a cober young German;'*
years' experience as cellarman: able to make
wine and whisky: like to have any position
In this or other trade. L. W.. box 136, Call.
YOUNG man would like to work as an ap-
prentice under a first-class barber. Box
' 4750. Call office. '" '
MAN wants position; private place; under-
stands care of garden, horses; can milk. A.
MATHISEN, 914 Central ave., Alameda.
STEWARD wants position: hotel or restau-
rant; city or country. Box 4757, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand and general plan-
Ins mill man wants position; is also thor-
oughly competent as machine, foreman; top'
wages; best of references. Box 4658. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED married man (German) would
like a position In . a wholesale house.- Ad-
dress box 4706. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as bartender;
speaks German and English; good references.
Box 4300, Call office.
WILLING man wishes situation In a wholesale
or retail liquor store; understands rectifying
a little; good references. Box 4741, Call office.
INTERPRETER In Japanese, French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position in Police
Court, law office or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN. box 4723. Call office. ¦
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook anl baker
wants situation; hotel, boarding-house or pri-
vate family; first-class In every respect. Ad-
dress E. MORIMOTO. 923 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE, a young boy, wants position to
do general housework afternoons. Please
call at 634 Geary st. *
CHINESE wants a position ¦ doing washing,
cooking and housework; wages $6 week. Ad-
dress 738 Jackeon st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receli ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
FEATHERS RENOVATED*
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vateq. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 2687.
•V>r'-' ?'¦'. '. - . . . . _* rl '':^-'
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. -Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. ;
FLATS TO LET.
STAN YAN. 113oTthree "biocks'Trorn Goiden~Gate
Park— Haight or Ellis cars;- just . finished, • 3
modern flats, .6 and 7 rooms, $20 to. $28;. will
pell at a bargain; easy terms; key at build -
Ins. ¦¦¦¦,¦ ¦¦- '. .¦...':¦¦¦¦
COLE, 7C9-771, bet. Beulahand Frederick stp.—
Fine rew . sunny, flets,- 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. • .
WEBSTER. 821. cor.. McAllister— Flat. 4 tunny
- bay-window rooms, bath, hot and cold water*
rent $16. ¦• .. . * - . ; ' •-. -. ¦ ¦=
FIVE rooms on Harrison st.,' newly papered
and In good order, $12." Apply 936 Harrison!
st., near Sixth. • . ¦ • ;-- •
TO let— Elegant .modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. ' 726 Shrader St., one block from ; the
Park; rent $32 50.
.EDDY, 933— Upper : flat.*" 4 sunny I rooms; bath;
stairs carpeted; no children; -fine location. -,..-.
NEW. elegant modern, flat to- let; 7 rooms and
bath. 9S4 Plne.st., near Taylor. V.- - .
O'FARRELL, 1933^Modern flats.' 6 rooms, "bath;-
yard, basement: reasonable to good tenants. -
FURNITURE ; FOR '- SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUItXITURE WANTED.
CAL Auction Co/ 1462 Markets-Buys furniture,'
1 merchandiser etc.;> phone Jessie 2071. ' ¦"..',.
'Auctioneer"; W. ,P. , Beauchamp, 3 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture.- mdse.. bought.
BEFORE- selling your '. furlnture." see- Abram's
Auction House.- 1105 Mission. - Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jet>Me -761 . before selling : furniture, car-
pets.' pianos, etc. CHAS.' LEVY.* -1135 Market.
A. ''.WOLLPERT. 773 Mission • St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & P. .new. $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
¦_ w arranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. ¦
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R." HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
r •-• HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..;.;.
• 50 waitresses, commercial & city hotels.$20,$25
Chambermaid, country hotel .J20
_ Cook, country hotel, : see party hero $35
• •• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
¦Any woman or; girl. looking for a, position for
I housework, cooking, nurseKirl, second work.
city or country, can obtain same at' wages
from $10. to $30; fares paid to . all country
places by applying. to .
C. R. HANSEN & CO I. ...104 Geary'st.
A HOUSEKEEPER~7or~5 . men. $20. 1 see party
j here this morning; 2 friends or sisters for 2
places, one In San Jose, the other Alameda.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...:.lt)4 Geary st.
¦A MOTHER and daughter as cook and nurse,
$35. : ' • \ , - . > -¦ ¦ - . ~ ¦. . v.--* --^ f
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .ho4 Geary st.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT..... :
Head waitress, $25 and Increase; 2 waitresses,
. Coronado Beach. $25 and half fare paid; 18
waitresses, different -first-class commercial
hotels. $20 and $25; 0 waitresses, city, $20; 4
chambermaids to wait, J20; 2 pantry women,
$20 and $25 ......... .........: \.
...:....... .FAMILY DEPARTMENT..........!
* experienced nursery maids, one child, each,
. $20: woman with a child, country, no wash-
. Ing-, $15: 2 cooks, J30; many girls for house-
work, $20 to J25; second girls, $20
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, short distance. $30; hotel
cook, $40, and waitress, ' $15, same place;
cook, $35, no wash; 5 second • girls, $20-$25;
• German second- girl. $25; housework, 2 In
family, $30, Oakland; 3 housework girls at
$30. small families; hotel cooks. $35-$40;
chambermaid and waitress. $20-$25: laundress,
$30: 5 cooks, German style. $30-$35; German
nurse, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 But-
ter st. \ • \:
LADIES wishing to employ respectable 'help
please call or address-, all mail orders
promptly attended to; respectable women and
young girls can secure good positions ¦ by
calling; wanted, by a lady, position as house-
keeper, best references: respectable German
! lady wants nosltion, companion, nurse. Ap-
ply HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kearny «t.
COOK, small hotel. Oakland, $30 to $35; sec-
ond slrl. Oakland. $25: cook, city, $30 and
S35; 20 housework grirls: city, Oakland and
Alameda, ' $25; Irish girl, working house-
keeper, small family, city; 4 second girls,
city, $20. MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter at.
WANTED • Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan Bt.' - '
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st.
WOMEN- and girls to work on fruit: both
f piece and day work; steady, clean work all
• summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
i WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
! TING BRANCH. California FTuit Canners'
; Association, corner Seventh and -Berry sts.
i HOUSEKEEPER wanted at 838 Harrison St.,
j between 25 and 30 years of age. Please call
at 105 California Market, between 8 and 10
a. m.
OPERATORS on children's coats: good pay.
Annie and Mission sts., new building, bc-
tween Second and Third, third' floor.
Experienced operators, also learners: paid while
learning: on muslin underwear. G. W. Rey-
nolds, 597 Mission, cor, 2d.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady for fancy
dry goods house; must speak Spanish. 'A. L.
M., box 4705. Call. ¦_
GIRL for general housework: references. 1724
Turk st., between 9 and 12.
WANTED—A cirl for plain cooking and
housework. Apply 2414 Clay st. .
"WAIST hand's -for- dressmaking; also appren-
tices; paid while learning. 121 Post, rm. 49.
A NEAT girl wanted for bakery; experienced
preferred. Teptonla Bakery. 108 Ninth st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders:also an apprentice
wanted; steady work. Bookblndery, 536 Clay.
LADY to assist In light housework; ' good
home. Call after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; must
sl»;ep home. 93S Geary st.
GIRL to work on pants; steady work. 110 Wil-
liam St., oft Geary, hear Taylor.
GIRL about 16 to assist In general housework;
small -family. 6 Willow ave.', near Larkin st.
GOOD cook for country; private family; mod-
ern house; wages $30. Box 4763, Call office.
¦ WANTED— Young woman to assist in light
housework: sleep home. -793 Mission st. ¦
CARPET-SEWER, experienced on new work.
C. HAYNERT. 40 Ellis st. fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission Bt.
WANTED— A talloress at 1426 Polk St.
YOUNG lady wanted for shooting gallery. Call
at 523 Pacific St.
GIRLS for labeling. Apply 310 Townaend st.
YOUNG girl about 16 to do light housework
and assist in store.. Apply 1224 Railroad ave.
WANTED-Elderly Swedish woman for work>
ing housekeeper; light work. 622 Natoma st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 . Folsom at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscription:
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
| subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
HELP WANTED — -MALE.
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO. S. .". .104 Geary st.
Railroad Work...... Railroad Work
Free Fare.... : FreeFare
, ..FOR TRUCKEE „.... '
S stonemasons $3 to $4
10 masons' helpers .................$2 to $2 25
100 laborers .i..$l 95
FOR UKIAH. ../.
100 teamsters :. ........f-2
100 laborers ...". .". ..$2
. FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 23 to $2 50
1C0 muckers and laborers..........; .".$2
...FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM...........
• BO laborers, section work $1 75
Free Fare SMip Dally .'....Free Fare
Blacksmith helper, R. R. camp, $2 25 a day,
free fare: blacksmith and carriage trimmer,
for Honolulu : 30 . laborers and muckers for
large mines and smelters.' $2 to $2 60 a day;
20 laborers, city, $2 a' da"y; stablemen, farm-
ers,' milkers, choreroen and others....
;...... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT.......
' Camp cook. R. R. camp. $50 and free fare :
.second cook and broiler, hotel, north, $75 and
$60, fare advanced; head waiter, hotel, north,
$56; ¦ baker, country . shop, $15; candymaker,
¦country, $30; cake baker, $65; 20 dishwashers
and kitchen hands. $30 and $25; : 3 bell boys,
$10 to $20; 3 porters, $25: 5 neat young men
to carry off dlshew'and learn waiting, coun-
try hotel, $25; laundryman, country hotel. $35;
storeroom man. hotel, city, $30; colored walt-
• er. country club. $10; 3 colored waiters, hotel.'
north ............... .........
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
CHEESEMAKER and wife. $45; laundryman
and wife. Institution. $C0: 5 men and wives for
. private places and ranches, \ $35. . $40. $45 and
¦ $60: 4 farmers.' Sonoma Co.. $1. day, fare paid;
2 farmers, Napa Co.. steady," $25. fare ad-
vanced;, gardener, $30; milker.', $30; man to
, pack apples and make ' cider. $30 ; teamsters,
$125 day and board and $3 to $4 day; labor-
ers for warehouse. " $3 day. and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook nnd dishwasher for country, $65
¦for. both; cook and wife.-; $65; boarding-house
cook. $40; barkeeper. $10" week and board;
waiter, country hotel; ¦ porter, $7. week; bell-
: ibnys, elevator boys and -others. , J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. : - y-\
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. -.
59 Third, near Call bldg. ; phone ¦ Bush 465. .
: .....: — .....Railroad' Laborers
Ukiah ........„...:....:....:....:........ Ukiah
FREE FARE
BO R. R. laborers, Ukiah. ........ ....$2 per day
~ GO axmen and teamsters.. ......$2 per day
r.0 section hands, Santa Fe's own work.........'
50 R.. R. laborers... $1 75 to $2 50 per day
10 tunnelmen 1 ...; $3 per day
'10 rock laborers..' '..... ...... .'.$2 50 per day
¦Man- and wife; private place, gardening and
.housework, $50 per month- and found.. ..;"...;.'
Bakers,' country.. $40 and found.:: ..............
: Miner.- near city,' free fare; 8 h.; $2 50 per day.
A— HOTEL* GAZETTE.' ; 26 Montgomery, I r. 12.—
2 bellboys. , $17 50; colored porter, . country, j $25.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE.- 26 Montgomery." r. : 12.—
- Head cook.'$70; second cook. $45: waiter. $30.';
1ST-CLASS : coatmaker '• wanted." . Apply ; MIK-
¦ KELSON _ BERRY, -. 2124 Center, Berkeley." •
HELP WAXTED— MALE CnT> » j .-
, A— 1UJRRAY & RE ADY....^. Phone Main 8W3
. ;• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦ " ".' .-; ... . .'. . Office , open 7 a. m. . to-day. . . ... . . . - -
j E00 R. R. men wanted..*. ; free. fare
.....: C. N. W. RY... •
..:.. ukiah .....:.:.. \....:
.:................. SANTA FE :......
.EOter.msters. Ukiah. $2 day.....*-. free fare
CO laborers,- Ukiah. %1 day... ...free fare
We ship to-day to. Ukiah. free fare
Santa Fe R. R ..;. free fare
150 laborers all div. Santa Fe. system; section,.
floating gangs, etc., $1 75 day. free fare...
Free fare : ...¦.'........ ........ship to-day
50 track,' right of way and ax men, Ukiah. .'. .
...'..... :; Free far««
SANTA FE R. R STOCKTON DIV.
£0 laborers for Stockton and vicinity, on
Santa Fe system......: free fare
WE SHIP, TO-DAY : ..FREE FARE
Carriage painter, country shop. $32 and- fd.;
ranch blacksmith.' $40 and fd. : raftsman. $3
to $4 day; wheelwright. -country shop, $2 50
. day; 5 blacksmiths . and helpers, $2 50, $60
and- 132.
2 young men, machine shop .""... $1 50 day
B laborers,- surface work, new mine, $3 fare,
$60; 257 laborers, different mines, quarries,
etc., $2 50 and %% day. $60 and $42 and fd.; 27
* teamsters, country, $37 50 ana fd., $2 and
$2 25 day: 10 muckers, -$75; 5 laborers for a
new rmelter. $60; 5 drillers, $67 60; 10 grain
warehouse men, 13 day.
4 woodchoppers for a mine.... $1 75 cord
Man to stack cord wood $36 and fd.
Married choreman, no objection to children.
$52 50; milk wagon driver........ $30
15 men and boys to pick fruits $30
Gardener, private place, $25; 15 farm hands,
steady Jobs. J30 and fd.; stable men, $30; 5
ranch teamsters, ?30. -
- HOTEL AND OTHER DEPT.
¦ Baker, country hotel, $45; 3 bakers and sec-
• ond hands, $50, $35 and $25 and fd.; head
waiter, country, $40; dishwasher for officers'
mess, $20: 27 cocks and waiters, city and
1 country; belland elevator boys. etc.
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay St.
A MAN and wife, waiter and waitress, for
country hotel, $40. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. . •
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S 323 Kearny st.
10 graders and laborers $1 75-$2 50
25 teamsters, out of town $2 50
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' I International* Unton—
Free employment.' S27 Market st., room 207.-
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. -
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES-Adellne -Cope-
land, Notary Public, will issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 23,
Crocker building, from 9 a.m. to 5 p. m.
dally during the absence of the. State Board
of Barber Examiners. ' ' ; ¦
WANTED— An 'electrician who thoroughly un-
derstands bell and gas lighting work: a steady
position to one who will guarantee his -work.
Address box 4702, Call office. .
A DOOR molder, cabinetmakers, laborers and
wood-working machine hands; non-union: no
office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
' 410 Kearny St., room 24. •
WANTED— Two 'good Insurance men for first-
class deblsts. - Apply W. H. FRY, room 6, 405
Montgomery St., from 8-9 a. m. and 6-6. p. nu
"WANTED — A man to wash dishes and make
himself . generally useful. Bank Exchange,
SE. cor. Montgomery and Washington sts.
WANTED— Strong young j man to work In
wholesale house; give age and wages expected.
Box 4765. Call office. !
WANTED-^Experienced furniture packer; state
' age. weight and wages expected. J Box 4766,
Call office. .¦¦,.
LAUNDRYMAN wanted; good washers and
etarcher, , $35 and $30; board and room. ! Stan-
ford Hand Laundry, Palo Alto.
YOUNG man wanted to attend store and col-
lect; must have references. Call at 1923 Flll-
more st.
WANTED— Experienced dishwashers; call at
once; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason st. ~ v^
WANTED-rCooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen help; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly. damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d sts.
ERRAND boy wanted at drug store. Twenty-*
first and Valencia sts. ¦ :
DISHWASHER wanted. 506 Twentieth et., Po-
trero.
WANTED — 'Waiter and dishwasher at small
restaurant. 108 Hayes st. •
WANTED— First-class house painters; wages
$3; 8 hours. . Apply 5S4 Parrott building.
WANTED — Man to carry, advertising sign on
street; elderly, man preferred. .342 Kearny st.
WANTED— Baker's helper on bread. Call at
1923 Flllmore St.. CHASE'S bakery. --
ELEVATOR boy wanted at 1604 California at.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack; steady. 6 Post st.
DISHWASHER for small restaurant. 1528 Polk
street. -.•-•»»• • .-¦.-. .rs-..-
WANTED— Bootblack, steady, at 504 Ninth st.,
Oakland, Cal. . , '
WANTED — Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE- BROS., Inc.
THE RISDON Iron Works, San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and bollermaker, a limited
number of young men between the ages of 17
and 18 years; strong and able-bodied: good
references. Apply at office, Beale and How-,
ard sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
- wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co... 26 Montgomery St.. room 23, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. , . ,.-
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning^ more
* calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay s.t. ' . . •
WAJfTED^Recruits for .the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches- and not over 6 feet 1
inch : able to speak and read - English. For
further Information apply at the i Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
CHANCE for right rnan to make from $10 to
$15 per day taking orders for portraits and
foto Jewelry in country town. Call 9 Leav-
. en worth St. -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
YOUNG man to assist In small department
store; experienced In selling and show-win-
dow dressing. Call 8 to 10 a. m., 543 Clay.st.
W ANTED— Honorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers. Apply at once, room 10, 325 Montgom-
ery St.; bring discharge papers.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past- Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. Al - R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
WANTED — Delivery clerk for a retail grocery.
H. HOLLMAN. 2S07 Mission St. ! > -
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
blantbulldlnr. '
100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery St.. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d'sts.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. . . -
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart fit.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
, San Francisco Barber. School. 741A Howard st.
McDONALD, & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED- 50 men to room. New Cambridge.
E43 Howard St. : 10c. 15c and 20c per- night. :
200 MEN ¦• to ¦' buy, suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
WANTED— 500 men to -buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. - 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.; near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms.~25c night: reading rooms; free
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at ¦ 1096
Valencia Pt. . ¦ ' ¦"<•-.
HORSES AND WACOJ'S. ...
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse ¦ Market.
, ¦ 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
j SULLIVAN & DOYLE. . Auctioneers. -.-^ -
| A BARGAIN in sood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. — DALZIEL, • 605 • G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT ,the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells . too cheap. 54 Eighth st. ,. ; -.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. -\ 721 .^Howard st. "_. '-• - ; .. - :
¦ ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
1 etc., cheap. >EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
; AN A No. 1 express wagon, single:- abo light
•I. camping wagon- for pale. - cheap. 532 Mission.
;
.'MENTAL and nervous . diseases— A few select
!.' cares wlir be cared, for at Hospital and Sanl-
; . tarlum. 220 .Douglass -St.. San Francisco. ¦ -v .
,:; HOUSES : TO LET— FURNISHED." .
* TO LET— Completely .well furnished house of
.!/-,» rooms, bath and laundry.- four of which are
I J rented, ¦ paying more than half, the rent. Ap-
I '- ply at 79 South Park. . ¦ ".' .' . ' -
HOUSES TO LET. "
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular: G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT — Large apartment. 723 Sutter. sutt-
¦ able for professional offices or general busi-
ness; arranged to suit tenants.' Applv, to
ALMARIN B. PAUL. 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave.. 624.' between Golden Gate ave.
and McAllister st.,' near Lagpina — 5 rooms.
¦ bath, basement, $16 50. - ¦:¦'•-¦
LOST AXD | POUND.
LOST— Mexican . silver bracelet, watch and
chain, two gold rings without settings, and a
memorandum book with unindorsed draft.
Return to 66 Second st. and receive liberal
reward; confidential: no names.
LOST— Mink boa with 5 tails, Sunday, between
Green and Broadway and Van Ness ave. Re-
i turn to 907 Larkin St.; reward.
LOST— Yawl boat of the Jessie Fremont: paint-
ed green; 16- feet '.long; short splice in center
of painter. $5 reward will be paid on return
of same to HENRY PRIEN. Hathaway' s
wharf. ". . — '
'LOST— English setter dog, brown and white.
Apply 1306 Jones st.; reward. -'-.:>."'
LOST— Black setter dog, off San Rafael train.
. near Fscalles^ tag 474: reward. 16 McAllister.
LOST— Scarf . pin, opal and two serial I dia-
monds: reward. L. DUCAS. 646 Market st.
$10 REWARD for Rambler racing wheel taken
from Academy of Sciences hallway Tuesday
at 2 p. m. Return to 813 Market St.. room S.
IT will pay to ."Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold to make new watch cases:
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887: reliable & con-
fidential; lifts We. MRS. HERTZ. 706. Ellis st_
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; AI carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS. 411 to 415 Powell st.:
tel. Push 421.
-MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
.trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist. My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands; the unfortunate
helped: relief Jn all cases taken; the most
obstinate cases have been relieved by my
treatments; free confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate nature; all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013
Market st.. opp. Fifth; no branches. •
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. . 122S Market st.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only.. 997
Market St., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care: low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVIES*
original method of treatment: maternity
home: stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
MRS. D. .KOHL removed from -Market to 410
O'Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE ' WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
} MINES AXD .MINING.
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell small In-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
ARD, 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
WILL sell 3000 to 50£IO shares Montezuma min-
ing stock 15c per'share, cash- Box 4762. CalL
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
•BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
FOR TH3E HOME.
These goods sold for cash cnly: free delivery
in town, at vessel side, or across' the bay.
Smiths' Cash Store. 25-27 Market St.. S. F.
Pillows, standard size, good 50c, 65c, $1.00
¦ Folding cot, genuine gold medal, best.... 3.00
Folding cots, high grade, to carry 1.73
Best army cots, rapid seller ............ 2.C0
Cross-legged canvas cots 1.10
Wire mattress cots, very convenient 2.50
Camp chairs (steamer chairs) 1.00
Camp chairs (steamer use), with arms.... 1.25
Common kitchen" work tables $1.25, 1.50
Perfection table with drawers, improved. 3.23
Extension table, patent. 6-ft drop leaves. 5.00
Lace curtains, . standard size, pair 50c
Lace curtains, larger size, good 75c, 1.C0
Bedspreads, white, large size, special 1.00
Comforts, cotton filled, standard size. .75c, 1.C0
Comforts, fine material white cotton. $1.23. 1.50
Blankets, gray or white, pair... 75c t 1.00
Blankets, heavier and larger, 11 qr..$1.25. 1.73
Blankets, gray Cal. wool, heavy 53.50, 4.50
Mosquito bar, all colors, piece 50c
Scnm, wide ecru, per yard ;5c, 8c
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom' chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we. always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AX, . 1017. 1019,' 1021. 1023"
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. - 3 sizes, 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
ONE set Fairbanks-Morse platform scales; ca-
pacity 80.000 pounds. Inquire at office Rlsdon
Iron Works* cor. Howard and Beale sta.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR Sale — Railroad ticket to Chicago or Cin-
cinnati ; cheap. 121 Eighth, st. ; butcher shop.
f A HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine for sale;
as good as new. 559A Minna at. _
SMALL refrigerator. In good order, for sale
cheap. Apply 13 Eddy st.
130 TOULOUSE geese, old and young. Ad-'
dress A. L.r box So, San Mateo, Cal.
ONE dozen new wheelbarrows for sale cheap
at 4037 Eighteenth st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terna. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st. ¦
NEW $70 White, drop head, oak sewing ma-
chine cheap. 1315 Mission, near Fifteenth.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colle. 1 2V4-h. p. Hercules; at 908 Kearny St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfit*, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers ; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turea.. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. .154. 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
aa^mahXttan loan companyT "~~T-
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
' Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above-securities. Tel. .Red 5C21. MANHAT-
., TAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg..
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT..
First, secpnd and third. mortgages.... ......
¦ Undivided interest in real estate In probate
> Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
..: R. McCOLGAN
'- .......... 24 Montgomery St.. room 3 ..-": ;_
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
¦ problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you . need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1863. proper
. place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest'
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471. . *
MUNICIPAL" Loan i Of flee. 1C3 Grant ave. near
Geary, st.; phone Red 1603. •
¦ r .. . - ¦ j(. : ; . - ' ¦ ¦" ... ._ "
H , I £ HL . T "spectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
. est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— ON real I estate ; lowest rate; no brokerage :
-no delay. LICK. 116. McAllister st.
MOVEY TU iiUAa— voimngeo.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Intere**
' In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages: securi-
ties manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests: corporation loans. R. 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
Advances life insurance policies; Army nnd
Naw officers* salaries; accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
I LOWEST nates on furniture.- etc.. by private
party no removal: no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room £8.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$;5,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
* HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. 5.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Jndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sanaome St.. room t.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discount*.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
31O2VEY WASTED. .
LOAN wanted— $1000 wanted. For further ln-
formatlon address box 4619. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW Excellent Bargains in Used Pianos:
A Raven _ Bacon, square $25
A Mozart, square 50
A Symphony, square 75
An Emerson, square 10")
A Weber, square 123
A Richmond, upright, oak .". 175
A Radle. mahogany 20O
A Splelmann 225
A Hamilton 250
A Gabler 30">
A Byron Mauzy 333
A Sohmer 4>0
A Steinway Concert Grand 450
A Sohmer Concert Grand 500
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-31? Post st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY _
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and bave full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per months SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market St.. S. F. ; D51 Broadway. Oakland.
' A magnificent stock of pianos and organs.
Big discount this week.
ALL highest grrades sold, by Heine Piano Co.. 1
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis: great bar-
gain list. $30 »up; Steinway. $1SS up; Fischer.
$100: Chickerlng. $165: 20 others, rents $2 up:
great inducements to agents. 217 Gearir st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tims
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; tfosts you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO OTarrell
' St.: established ISoO.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos— 1 Emer-
son 1 Hallett & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaj. 1
Sterling. $73. $123. $143. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickeiing. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
AN upright for $73. $1CO. $130, $200 If you want;
Deckers for $450. $300. $330. with 20 per cent
discount If you buy this month. What more
do you want? Cash, or payments. The Zeno
Mauvais Music Co., 763 Market st.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market gt.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
CALLED away; forced to sacrifice; larjre 3-
pedal upright piano, i 316 Turk St.. near Hyde.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sta.
LEFT on sale. S93 mahogany case Fischer up-
rlght piano. Room. 33. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 2C3 Post st. -
ELEGANT new upright pianos- for rent. *3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
gT*.'T\rw.*Y. $2C0: Hartman. J100; elesrant n»w
planoe. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pfanos
for sale cheap. HORXUNG'S, 218 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster St.
OIL.
WILL exchange 2CC0 or 300O shares In a flrat-
. class producing oil company for city lots. or
anything good and tangible. Box 47S3, Call.
OIL tanks, second-hand. Ill good order; all
sizes: cheap. ' H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission «t.
PAL3IISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and fac*
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones Bt.
j PERSONALS.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy Is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair: factory price.
$2 — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SI WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scctch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds? single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1313 Stockton st.. near Broadwny.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray. 836 Mission st.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
.ment: done at 121 Mason at. F. a. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair ancl moles destroyed with
electric_needIe.»MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. C^DONNELl^Offlce~and~resIdenc«u ,
1021V6 Market st.. between Sixth and Sevent—
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: efl*
testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Elltf.
A— DR. WOXO. WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PLANING AXD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A CHOICE sunny north-west corner; just the
lot to build flats on; size 37:6 by 110; only
$3750; cable cars pass; stone pavement; basalt
blocks; street accepted: 5 sunny flats can be
built; the cheapest lot In Western Addition:
a. fine purchase for good income surrounded
• with desirable homes. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
CHOICE lots, fine location for flats, on the
. north or sunny side of Union St.. between
Pierce and Scott; on the slope of the bill:
elevated ground; .marine view; stone pave-
ment, basalt blocks and sewered; garden
loam on lots ready for building; nice sur-
roundings; fine homes; the flats will rent
before i the buildings are finished; be sure
to see these lots; the cheapest In the West-
ern Addition; only four left; 25 by 110 each;
cable cars pass; really they are worth double
the price asked. W. J. GUNN. 530 California.
OWXERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde aa far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
• Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.. S. F. Sav-
lng3 Union building.
ELEGANT home; sacrificed at half original
cost ; 11 suflny rooms, bath, attic, basement .
with furnace: all In fine order; lot SOxlU;
large garden; magnificent view; part —stu
balance mortgage, or exchange for Income city
Improvements. Owner. 50S California, room 20.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James L. and Maud L.~-Flood to Charlotte G.
Lally (wife of Harry T.), lot on N line of
Pacific street, 171:6 E of Gough, E 34 by N
127:8>4; also all interest in W A 120; $10. •
Fannie D. and H. K. Develey to Charles
Adams, lot on E line of Laguna street, 60 N
of Union, N 40 by E 64:7V4; $10.' »
Margaret R. Brltton, Emily Q. and John
Howard to Lucy C. Creswell (wife of Harry
T.) lot on E line of Webster street, 87 S ot
Pacific, S 30 by E 95; $10.
Merton S. and Eva L. Price to Charles Ehn,
lot on N line of Suiter street, 125 W of Fill
more, AV 24:8 by N 137:6; $10.
Julian Sonntag to Isabella R. Sonntag, lot on
NE corner of Vallejo and Scott streets, E 37:6
by N 110; gift.
David T. and Emily Francoeur (by D. W.
Loring and C. F. Rilllett, trustees) to Conti
nental Building and Loan Association, 1877 D.
109. lot on S.llne of Green street, 56:6 E of
Scott, E 27 by S 127:6, trustee's deed; $7383.
Same (by same) to same, 1871 D. 341, lot on S
line of Green street, 83:6 E of Scott, E 27 by S
127:6, trustee's deed; $7383.
Robert A. McLean to Emma G. Butler, lot on
N line of Broadway, 138:6 E of Broderick street,
E 50 by N 137:6; $10.
William D. and Anna C. Meyer to* George
Breck, lot on NE corner of Cole and Carl
streets, E 104 by N 137:6; $10.
William E. and Rose L. Stevens to Ruth B.
Aronson (wife of Martin), lot on N line of Wal
ler street, 34:7% E of Shrader, E 50 by N 100;
$io. ¦.•¦¦
John Murphy to Bridget Murphy, lot on NE
line of Tenth street, 280 NW of Harrison NW
25 by NE 80; Kilt. , .. . ¦ . .
James Curlett (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
SE line of Market street, 180:8 NE of Sixteenth
NE 15:10% by SE 110; $2100. ¦-».
Johanna and Thomas Fitzgerald to Richard
P. Nelson, lot on W-line of Hampshire street;
125 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by W 100; $10. •
John ¦ and James ' Shea to Mary E. Latham
(wife of Joseph), lot on W line of Bryant
street, 234 N of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by W 100;
$10.v ../.••• ¦-,¦• .
John H." Evans to L. A. Redman, undivided
one-fourteenth of lot on S line of Twenty-ninth
street. 152:8 W of Douglass, W 101:10 by S 114;
?10. V ¦ < • ..¦¦¦¦¦•-.•,.
Annie E-, Frank • J. and- Charles E. Evans
and Mary F. Bondeson to same, undivided
11-14 of same; $10. , . .
- Paul Keyser to same, undivided 2-14 of same;
}10. -. .
- L. A. - Redman to Paul Keyser, all of same;
$10. • • - ¦ •¦¦
San* Francisco Lumber Company to Edward
J. and AnnaM. Skelly, lot on N line of Eliza
beth • street.' 100 W of Douglass, W 25 by N
114; $10.- ¦ . ...• ¦ ' ..
French Savin gs . Bank to Frances H.
Lowndes, lot on W line of Sansome street,
33:10% N' of Pacific, N7Vi Inches by W 67:6,
quitclaim deed;'$L-' . ¦ : ,
. Jacob . Wolf to Francesco Carolmagna, lot on
S line of Union street, 215 E of Dupont, E 20
by- S. 60; $10. •.'¦. ¦• ' . . ¦
Columbus Savings and Loan Society to Ve
ronica I Fleone, . lot on E line of Jasper street,
77:6 S of Filbert, S 40 by E 60; $2512. ¦• - ::- - ¦•.
Sarah Perry to David Perry, lot on SE line
of Perry street, 75 NE Of Fifth. NE 26 by SE
George • W. and Marie C. 'Brown to John and
Julia Dellamonica, lot on NE line of Langton
street. 130 NW of Bryant, . NW 25 by NE'75;
. John A. and Mary M. , Buck* to 1 Henri and
Dorothea Eckmann, lot on", E line of Hamp
shire street.- 125 -N -of .Nineteenth (Butte), N
60 by E.1C0;* $3800. .,* "- / ¦" ...: .,-
San Francisco Land Company to Harrison A.
Jones." lot-on'^SW . corner of Lake ntrfeet : and
Eighth avenue, S 100 by. W 32:6: $1750.. . U . s
Harrison -A., and. Clara W. Jones to Arthur
Bailly, same;-$10. - - ' - •;"' -
. Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on SW line of St. Paul
Leah F.'Mott tn William . Hanimond. all in
terest in lot on W line of Walnut street. 111:8
S of Alameda avenue. S 36 by W 100. Alame
da: $10. •
Marie . R. L. Lascomb (widow) . to Mary E.
Casaurarsr (wiffi of Frank)." all interest, in lot
on NE corner of Twentieth and Curtis streets.
E 65 by N 100. portion block 300, map • resub
division block 300. Oakland: $10.' ¦] .¦
Norman W. and Minnie ,V. Hall .and Theresa
M and Robert D. Bristol to' WlUlam T. Har
ris, lot on W line of Broadway. 100 N of Ver
non street. N 75 bv W 300. portion 'lot 13. map
nlat 13, Rancbo ' V. and D. Peralta, Oakland ;
ho. .'— • -. •¦• -
Karellne Muller to Frederick J. L. .Edwards,
undivided one-third of lots 12 to 16 In bltvk'F,
map Lynn Homestead. East Oakland: $150.
Ralph. W.' and' Jennie ;Klnney to Ruth Hardy
(wife of Engeno ¦ A.). •¦ all Interest in lotbe
glnnlng 50 E . from . W line ; block. E and 140 S
of "Ashby- avenue. E 50 by . S 141.15. : belnsr lot
?S in ¦ block ' E, map : Claremont Tract, Berke
ley; $10. *'" : "..' "•" ' - ¦ '¦>"-'• •-.*-:
Isabell Spe*r to Blanche • M.'.Whlteman.-; lot
on S line of Effle street. 200 E of Dwinelle, . E
'Same to same, lot on SE line of Ninth ave
nue, 150 NE of East Twenty-fourth street NE
12, SE 110.- NE 38. SE 40, SW 50, NW 150, por
tion block 149.. Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
F.'A. and Mary Abbie or Mary A. Pollard
(Emery) to Patrick G. and Carrie L. Lynch,
all interest In lot on NE corner of Park avenue
and Watts street. E 60 by N 125, map part plat
No. 6,- etc., Emeryville, Oakland Township;
$2400. - .
Estate of Elizabeth L. Hutchinson fby FranV
B. Ogden, executor) to William G. Henshaw,
lot on E line of North avenue at intersection
of line dividing lots 9 and 10. NE 332:4. thence
NW to N line of lof 9. thence SW to E line of
North avenue, SE 308, to beginning, portion lot
9 of part B. Bowman Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $6000. ¦.•...
¦ William G. and Hetty T. Henshaw to George
Sterling:, same, Oakland Township: $10. '•'
Carolyno A. and W. R. Spalding to Joseph
J. Mason, all Interest In lot on S line of Dwlght
way, 80 E of Fulton street, E 70 by N 135. por
tion, block 1454. - Berkeley property maps 1 and
2, Blake Tract, Berkeley: $100. - j
Walter and< Artemise Deakln to Lillian M.
Doughty (wife of W. V.V lot on E line of
Deakin street. 550 N of Woolsey. E 125 by N
50. portion Plat 51, Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
Berkeley; $10. •
Bertha Barkhausen to Emma Cords, lot on E
line of .Fruitvale avenue,- 1C1.36 N of-Wash
ington street. E 115.91. N 25. W 120:06. S.25.34,
lot 23, map Phllllos subdivision block 773," Levy
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alice M. Chlpman to Luigi Ulnl. lot on SW
corner of Central avenue and Weber street,
W 83 by S '60. Alampda ; $10. '. ;•¦ . v
F. S. Prescott to Llllle E. Prescott. lot on
SE line of Ninth avenue, 162 NE of East Twen
ty-fourth street, NE 38 by SE 110, portion block
149. Clinton. East Oakland: gift.
William and Ann Guy to Antone S. Lemos,
all interest in lot on E line of Campbell street,
50:7% N of Atlantic, N 50. E 69:6. S 25, W 3:6.
S 25. W 66, portion lots 3 and 4, block .498, re
vised map Gibbons property at Oakland point,
Oakland; $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rinehart and J. S. and
Mary I. A. Myers to Carrie Mendell (widow),
all interest in lot on NW line of Oakland ave
nue. 510 SE of Walsworth avenue, NW 90 NE
50, SE 84.91, SW 50, portion block B, Oakland
View Homestead, Oakland; $10. ¦ .
Clara Slayton (widow) to W. C. Gunn all In
terest in W % of lot 9, bounded on N by lot
18. E by lot 8. S by lot 37 and W by public
tier and line of -fence Centervllle Cemetery,
Washington Township: $12.
s Alameda County.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Thomas Cos
tlan; lot on S liije of Thirty-eighth Street 163
E of Market. E 40 by S 148.- portion' plat 37,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Mrs. Mary E. Thomas, (widow) to W. H. Cor
nell,-lots 46 to 48 in block 4, map Allendale
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. '
Catherine and Henry Black to . Clara W.
Spear, lot on NE corner of Kings avenue and
Sherman street, E 150 by N 100, portion block
2. Pacific Land Investment Company's property
at Morton street. Alameda; $10.
Charles W. Preston to Frederick C. Jaeger,
lot 12. block C, Park Lane Tract, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets; $400.
H. M. G. and Isabella Dahler to Odd Fel
lows* Cemetery Association, lot in cemetej-y;
Emil or Emll O. and Marie Arnold to Solo
mon Octz, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 100
S Of J street. S 50 by E 120; $10. ¦ .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Eliza Kelly, lot
on W line of Seventh avenue, 100 N of K
street, N 25 by W 120; $10. ¦
Same to Claus Brandt,- 1 lot on N line of L
street.* 57:6 W of Ninth avenue, W 50 by N
100; $10. -• • •
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to
Southern Pacific Company, lot on NE line of
Fifteenth avenue, 225 NW of P street. NW 25
by NE 100, block 292, O'N. & H. Tract; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW line, of Fourteenth
avenue. 100 SE of Q street, SE 25 by SW 100.
block 292, same; $10.
avenue and Gould street, KW 100 by SW 7S -
being lots 22, 23 and 24, block 3, Garden Tract
Homestead Association; $10.
Charles A. and Nellie T. Rushton to Wil
liam P. Stoner, lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, N of California street. W 25 by
The case then went over until October
to enable Mr. Lloyd to join the pilgrim
age to Louisville of the Knights Templar,
of which he Is supreme master.
A few days ago Mrs. Eggers filed a pe
tition for part'al distribution of the es
tate, presenting her account at the same
time for settlement. Mrs. Meyers imme
diately objected to many of the Items set
forth in the account, claiming that they
were exorbitanl. The claim of, Lloyd &
Wood ' for $5000 was particularly objected
to, and protest was entered to the pay
ment of $18,536 S8 to satisfy a mortgage
against the Eggers Vineyard Company.
When the matter was called for hearing
yesterday Reuben H. Lloyd of the firm of
Lloyd & Wood stated to the court that"
the demand for $5000 was not unreasona
ble. He stated that when he took hold of
the estate as attorney for the executrix
a debt of $125,000 stood against it, but
through careful management the value of
the property had so increased that the in
debtedness has been liquidated and the
unir.cumbered property was now worth
$270,000. In conclusion Mr. Lloyd filed an
itemized statement of the services ren
dered by the firm of which he is a mem
ber.
Eggers was a vineyard owner of Fresno
County and left an estate which was val
ued at $250,585. Mrs. Sophie Eggers, de
cedent's widow, was named as executrix.
Shortly after she assumed the duties of
her trust Mrs. Ida Meyer, a daughter, in
stituted a contest on the ground that Mrs.
Eggers intended to deprive her Of a large
portion of her lawful share of the estate.
An advance of $10,000 made by Mr. Eggers
to his daughter was charged against her
by Mrs. Eggers, with the result stated.
A contention has arisen among the rela
tives of the late George H. Eggers over
the distribution of his estate! the demand
of Lloyd & Wood for $5000 for legal ser
vices rendered . since decedent's estate
came into the control of the Probate
Court being the chief cause of the dis
turbance.
Legal Services Rendered Is
? Exorbitant.
Says Demand of Lloyd & Wood for
EGGERS' DAUGHTER FILES
OPPOSITION" TO ACCOUNT
Conger arrived here six weeks ago from
Honolulu. He .was .accompanied by a Jap
anese servant and was. looked upon- as a
"high roller" at the Palace Hotel. Con
ger avoided interviews yesterday and re
mained away from the hotel.
When Conger was brought into Judge
Dunne's chambers he was accompanied
by a Mr. Cooper, a planter from the Ha
waiian Islands. Conger held a consulta
tion with his friend and with President
Gilbert, and then 'made a settlement.
Cooper paid $283 In cash and Conger gave
the publishing company his note for the
balance due. . ' < .
The Gilbert Publishing Company, _ 927
Market street, filed the complaint against
Conger, alleging that he had collected $525
without authority while acting as agent
for the company in the Hawaiian Islands
and refused to make an accounting. Pres
ident Gilbert of the company swore that
Conger was about to-be married andleave
the State. On this accusation Conger was
made a prisoner, and taken before Judge
Dunne, who fixed a bond in the sum of
$1000. • , • - • ¦ -.-.•' .
Roy W. Conger, nephew of United
States Minister Conger, .was arrested yes
terday morning at the Palace Hotel by
Deputy Sheriff Hollingsworth on an order
of arrest issued by Superior Judge Dunne.
Colonel Thomas F.- Barry, president of
the Celtic Union, made some remarks in
which he pointed ouf that the labor of the
society was riot only one of interest to the
Irish people, but to the whole world. The
way to preserve a race, he said, was to
preserve its language and the enthusiasm
with which the movement ' to preserve
the Gaelic language was being met
proved that it "shall not perish from the
earth.''- .
Thd musical programme was unusually
artistic. The splendid voice of Mrs. M.
Quadtman was heard to good advantage
as the leader of the sopranos in the Gae
lic Choral'Socicty. Professor D. Manlloyd,
who possesses a voice of unusual bril
liancy, carried his audience by storm
with -his rendition of "An Cruisgin Lan."
Jeremiah Deasy sang two old Gaelic songs
in the rich language of his. fathers. Wal
lace A. Sabin rendered an Irish overture,
Mrs. John W. Madden contributed a so
prano solo and Mme. Inez Carusi sang to
an accompaniment on the Irish harp. S.
J. Sandy, Miss Annie Rooney and the
Gaelic School Orchestra rendered selec
tions. Then the audience rose and "God
Save Ireland" sprang from the throats of
tht% mighty chorus and with a prayer for
the freedom of their native country Feis
Ceoll Agus Seangas was at an end.
No nation, he said, could retain its in
dividuality without an Individual lan
guage. When the language of one nation
is thrust upon another the individuality
of the weakest nation is merged with
that of the people of the strongest.
Hence, .to give , Ireland the ~ strength ? to
attain her object the people, he said,
must be cemented with a common, indi
vidual language, and with their rehabili
tation would come renewed hopes of hap
piness and freedom in the future. •
Language and Individuality.
He then gave a brief history of the
Gaelic League and told of the great work
which had been accomplished by Dr. Hyde
of the Dublin University, who, as the
dean of the great, corps of scholars now
studying the ancient literature of. their
forefathers, wasr building the foundation
upon which the temple of Irish liberty will
rise.
The Rev. James McDonald also ad
dressed the audience, . but not in Gaelic.
He explained that the rising generation
of the Irish do not speak the tongue of
their fathers not because of preterence
for English, but because the language of
their fathers had been wrested from them
by their oppressors. This movement to
restore the Uaehc language in Ireland, he
said, was the strongest yet made to bring
freedom to Ireland since the flight of the
Earls. •. — -
"I will speak a word in English for the
benefit of those who did not understand
my Gaelic. There was a time when the
Irish were not ashamed of the language
of which they should be proud— proud of
its history and associations. "What would
you think of a German, a Frenchman or a
Spaniard who would laugh at his own lan
guage? Are we to be the first to point
the ringer of scorn at the language of our
fathers? The finger of scorn, in truth, is
pointed at those who know not one word
of the tongue of their fathers; not at
those who reve/enc© it for Its honored
place In the world."
the Thoughtless.
Metropolitan Hall was crowded to the
doors by Ireland's friends, the Irish, and
in a tongue seldom heard at public gath
erings eloquent speakers urged the sup
port of the people to restore a language
that was the language of civilization be
fore Athens became the center of ancient
culture. The Rev. Peter C. Yorke deliv
ered an address in the Gaelic tongue. The
aged Irish, and there were many in the
gathering, were in raptures, but Joy came
to, their children only when out of the
maze of sounds unintelligible to them
there would come the word of a city or a
town familiar to their ears. Then the chil
dren of parents who first learned the
Gaelic tongue, some of them, would laugh
at the strangeness of it all. This fur
nished Father Yorke with the subject for
a few remarks in English. When the ap
plause that greeted his Gaelic peroration
had subsided he returned to the platform
and said: • - : :
Out of the past ages the language of the
Gael has come. with renewed strength, the
freeing of Ireland as its mission. Feis
Ceoil Agus , Seangas, given ¦ by the . Gaelic
League of California under the direction
of the Father O'Growney branch of San
Francisco at Metropolitan Hall last even
ing marked this city's greatest initial
demonstration in the .movement to restore
the Gaelic language ' throughout Ireland,
that the individuality of the Irish people
may be rehabilitated and their hands
given new; strength to carry on the. right
against the yoke of England.
W S Montgomery. Cal
Dr T D Blodgett. Cal
J D Milton. Texas
Miss B L de Bell. Cal
Isaac. M Crow, Cal
C Luica, Pleasanton
R T Nlckerson, Sonoma
T K Campbell, Portlnd
B Cusslck, Chico
J F Bedford, Anderson
W Bedford. Anderson
r>r C L Gregory. Yreka
W B Gester, Newcastle
Miss M Fradenburgh,
St Paul
Miss S F Fradenburgh,
St Paul
J B Doherty, Dawson
Mrs W I Bartholomew
& d, Pennsylvania
J Touhey. Sacto
C J . Cavanagh, Cal
J S Robertson, Hanfrd
H J Seymour,- Sacto
G Staffler, Santa Cruz
Mrs J H Fitzgerald,
Reno
C H Schlveley & w.
Oroville
C W Hall. Cavite"
G W Harney, Marysvll
K Hamilton, Sta Cruz
C C Adams. • Stockton
J R Scnievely & w, Cal
T R Scott, Chicago
M G Siddell, Chicago
W H Wiley. . Denver
E C Hart, Sacto
J T Brown, Rio Vista
G R Rader, Sacto
H C Hendricks, Sacto
Mrs E Panabaker. Sac
R Luscombe, Lb Gatos
S P Williams & w, Cal
Mrs A France. Chicago
M Tait. Tuolumne
C W Eastln, Modesto
W J Curtis, Sn Berndn
Miss F Henklng. Cal
J E Poingdestre & w.
Grass Valley
R W Hill, Los : Any
W J Patterson, Kansas
E L Clark, Salt Lake
W F Maggard, Corning
L C Trailer, Los Gatos
A M Nicholls. Ukiah
Miss Thomas, Iowa
T P Bisland. Cal
D Patten, Napa
A J Larson, Lodl
E F'Frazer, Sacto
E W Palmer, Chicago
Dr F E Loomis,- Cal
A E "Wallace & w, Nev
E J Isham. Sacto
Mrs W Vigmes. Ls Ang?
O B Wekell, Sn Diego
E W Bacon. Whlttler
F W Johnson, Marysvl
Mrs H N Asbury. Cal
Miss C Standard, Cal
L L McCoy & w. Cal
Miss A McCoy. Cal
R Shaw & w. Mill Cty
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Schmldtt, Pa i
Miss D Baker. Mont
Verl: Bain, Mont
H W Carpenter, N Y
Dean Luef, NY
A M Swan, Pittsbrg
F C Armstrong:, N Y
K A Bean, Boston
M A Greene, N Y
Miss_> Schoeler, Berlin
Miss Baltrusehat, do
E S • Ferry Salt Lake
E F Ackerman & w,
Honolulu
C F Gladding, Cal
Samuel Fisher, Cal
Victor E Shaw, Cal
C R Morehead, El Paso
C M Xebekar.S Monica
C B Shaver & w, Cal
F A Roberts, Cincinnl
Le Roy Meyers, Ga
J M Baterton, Ga
L L'Roth, Cincinnati
F C Nichols, Chicago
R H Lacy & w, L A
T Flint Jr, San Juan
E Everhardt. Oaklnd
J B Auglns, Oklahoma
Jay Good, El Paso
Albert Winters, N Y
H K Bull & wife, N Y
H A Held Hamburg
J W Miriturn. Sharon
A R Wilber. NY r.l
NEW WESTE
C T Bennett, Colo
C J Trenemel. Mich
P Cayland. Grass Val
J Rutland & w. Aus
Mrs . G Weber. Folsom
C V Rafer, Melbourne
W F Main, w & d,
Denver
Mrs Grass, Denver
L Phelan. Denver
Miss Griswold, 111
J A Snedaker. Denver
Miss Kittle Billiard. la
Capt W W Mead. USA
L N Brittln, N Y
J A Myers, N Y
W B Devereaux, Colo
C H Koyl & w. N Y
A Goldsbrough. Wash
W A Farlsh, Denver
Miss L L Baker. Cal
H R Baker. Cal
M C Headion, Cal
Chas Forman, LA
M P Walte. Stanford
J H Estes, Mass
Mrs. J £ Mann. Mass
D C Lincoln, w & d,
Boston
C E Saffle & w. U S N
C H Koyle & w. N Y
M F Taylor, N F
Baroness Avegana &
maid, N Y
W C Schraye & w,
Cnocago \
J F Ellitt, N Y
W E Weed, N Y
Geo J Cole, Mo
Mrs. J Thomas, Ens
J Lerscher & w, N Y
J E Lacy, L A
E M Barrett. Manila
E F Thorley & w. Eng
O B Taylor, Stanford
RN HOTEL.
C Conway. Boston
H "Wilson & w. Seattle
H Cook. Courtland
G R Guthrey. Texas
A M Cogle. Texas
Mrs N Sweitzer. Cal
S Blssonett. San Jose
J Warneke. Nebr
Miss Dahl. San Jose
Mrs Sprague. San Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ADRBIVAI/S.
Rev. Father Yorke Speaks in
the Language of 'His ,
Forefathers.
He Sells Books in Hawaii but
Fails to Turn in
Collections. _-,'¦
P. Toinllnson (owner) with D. A. Chesney
(contractor), - architect T. Paterson Ross— All
work except mantel and tiling, gas fixtures,
finish hardware and plumbing for a two-story
and basement frame residence on; lot 11, block
F. Sunset Heights; $1600. .. ;
Builders' Contract.
Diplomat's Nephew Ac
cused of Trying to .
Evade His Debts. -
California League Holds
Meeting at Metro
politan Hall.
ROY W. CONGER
IS ARRESTED
WILL RESTORE
GAELIC TONGUE
40 by S 132:6, being lot 6 in block 8. map Case
Tract, warranty deed, - Berkeley ; $1; .
Max J. and Bertha Brandensteln to George
Henry Fowler, lot on SW corner of Frultvale
avenue and county road or Hopkins street. No.
1135.. W 140 by S 50_ portion of tract heretofore
conveyed to Grantor, 678 D. 458, , Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Continental Building and ' Loan Association
to Annie Plummer, . lot on W line of Brandon
street.- 175 N of LJoyd avenue. N 25 by "W 100,
portion block B, Frultvale Station Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Home Building Company to Annie Plummer,
all interest in 'same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1^01.
11
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
sx/\xTb/v\einx
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610'
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
• ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and .
Bonds owned by Company... $1,011,703 40
Cash In Company's Office 899 09
Cash In Banks 60,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all'
Stocks and Loans 9.724 08
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 99.193 33
Total Assets U.171,519 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of - Adjustment or
¦' in Suspense ..¦ $43,839 80
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 246.340 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
- one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent ? 376,211 01
Gross premiums on Risks running -
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 8,833 77
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 4.474 63
Reinsurance 525 81
All other liabilities 55,000 00
Total Liabilities ...;. $741,228 M
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums v $911,052 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all'other sources 33.113 61
Total income $944.165 61
EXPENDITURES. ~ — —
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ losses of previous years). $410,666 32
Remitted to Home Office . 48.154 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or ,
Brokerage 244,959 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40,125 06
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ¦ 24,81198
All' other payments and expendi-
tures ..... 61,453 05
Total Expenditures $320,170 64
A. W. MASTERS, General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ISth
day of January, 1901. . • •
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
edw.cTLaindis
General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
' San Francisco. Cal.
Phone John 61. '
Accident and Liability Insurance.
EAILWAY TRAVEL
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street. Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
. . Dally • Dally Dally
Lv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p '
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:30 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a ...
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
•' Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
". Chicago 2:15 p ,9:00 p „
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. ro. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class • passengers. No . second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . ::
H 4:20 p. m." ls - Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. -
8:00 p. m. Is. the Overland Express, with
: through ' Palace and : Tourist Sleepers and
'Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally. • . - ¦ ¦-,. •
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfield Local.- stopping at
all ' points in ¦ San Joaquin Valley. - Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. • .
'Offices— €41 Market - street and In F^rry
Depot,' San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, ' Oak- '
land." - • - ' • •¦ "• '
BAIL WAX TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralni !«•«»•< mnl nra rtiiw to arrlTt »t
HAH riUNCINCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
I.EATB — rttOM JPLT 14. 1901. — ARMT«
7:OOa Benida, Siiigun, EJmira and Sacra-
mento CiS-ir
7:00a V»c»»Ule, "Winters, Bumsey ?:33p
<>3Oa Marti lie*. SauKaiiiou,VallBJo.N*r».
CalUtoeaaud Santa Rosa «:33p
S:OU a Davis, Woodland. Kniguts Landing,
MarysTille. Oro»ille.. 7:S3p
SiOOa Atlantis Kxprau— Ogden and East 13:23*
fti4H>A Niles, Luthrop. Stockton 7>83r
SiOOANilea, Mendota. HanforO. VUmlia,
Forterrille «tS3r
•>8» a SouU Express— Daris, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bod
Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
¦ iSOa 8au Joae, Liferraore, .Stockton.
- - lone, Hacraiueuto. Plaoer»Ule,
Mxrystillr, Chieo, lteil liltitl 4iS3r
. ItEtA Oakdale, Chinese (Tcsemiie), So-
nora. Carters 4h23p
• :OOa Hajward. Nile* and Waj SUtions.. I I:»A A
•jOOa Vajttelo lasZSr
»:O«A Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracx. Lathrop. Htockton. Merced
Fresno ami I>os Angeles 7i23p
9s:i«* Valleto. Martinez ami Way Station* 7>33p
ItttOOA. The Overland Limited— Ogdsn, Den.
»er, Omaha. Chicago »>»5»
flsOHr Sacramento Ki»er Hteameri jSiOWa
««3«r Hajward. Miles tod Way Station*.. 7:33f
4iO»r Uenlcfa, Winters, tjaeraiuanto,
Woo.lland. KnighU l*ndluK.
MaryaTllIe. OrotiUe 10:33a
4i»«r Martluex, Han lUuon. Vallejo.
Map*. t.'alMtoua, 8»nU Horn «i83*
4tO0r Niles, Lfrermore, Stockton. Lodi... la.aSr
4i:i(*r Haywud.Mles.8an Jose. Lrrermora t8:fl.iA
«:3<>p Port Cos-*. Tracy. La'.brop. Stockton 1 Ox33a
3:OOp The Owl Limited— Fxaauo, TuUro.
. BakenQelil. Bangui for Santa 6u>
. bara, Lc* Auawles S:33t
•lOOp Martin? r. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23p
SiO»p Yoaemlte 13:*3»
S<3Ur New Orleans Exprena— Mendota,
Fresno, BakersHeld, Los Angeles,
Iteming, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7(S3a
«:OOp Haj ward. Nile* and San Joss. 7i33 a
t«iOOr Vallejo » 1:25*
iiOUf Oriental Mail— Of den, Choyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 13:23r
•t«or Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
8tw Louis. Chicago. 4tS3»
ti*Or Oregon ami California ISxi'ren.Mao-
riiinonto, MarysTllle. KeiUliiiK, *
1'urtlHinl. rnget 8oiu.il ami Kut 8:33a
•iCSrBan Pablo, Port Costa, Martines
and Way Stations 11:23a
l»»O3r ValHo 7i3.~>p
COAST LINE CUrroir (Jauge).
(Foot ot Market Straftt.l '
~17>4Ma Santa Cruz Excursion lo danta Crcu
mod Principal Way Stations !3»O3y
•«13 A Newark. Oe!itar»Ill«.,HanJo»9.Felton,
Boulder Creek. iaiita Cru* and Way
Stations 0i3«f
tSllBr Newark. CentecTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden. Feltou. Rooider Oreek.
. Kant* Cius and Frindval Wai
Stations I«i.1«a
4ilSr Newark, Han Jose, Los Gatos t"«^» a
««ilgrGlenwood.Bon)derCr««k,8antaCrna «8»30a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tarn Si I r&iSCISCO— Poov of Market Swat (SU? 8)— .
T7-.15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:09 5:15 r.M.
rrimOilLUD— ft*l *r griidvsj.— tfl:00 %HM t3:OJ
10;00*.m. . 12:00 2:03 4:03 r.H. '
COAST IjIXE (nroad Gunge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
«: I Oa 8an Jom and Wajr Stations.... ..... AiHva
f7>0OA Ran Jose ami W»y Stations... 1>»*>P
/7>uoa New Almaden /4U1A»
(ViSOa Sunday Excursion for San Jc«e.
¦ Santa Crux. Pacific Gioto ana
Principal Way Stations. {SsS**
fttvU Ban Jot*. Hollister, Hanta Crnx,
Paeilia drove. Salinas, (Jan Lids
OMspo. Santa Barbara ami Frla>
dpaUiitermedUteHtAtU.il* 7>no»
IViSOa San Joae and Way Stationa,. C:3O»
IIsSOa San Jose ami Way Stations 5i30?
t3i43r San Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Pain Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Hol>Iater, Santa Cruz. Hallnas,
Monterey and PaclBe drove {I4H49A
liWr Ban Jose, Tres Finos. Santa Cruz,
Padfio GroTe and Way Stations 4:l()j
H«lSr 8an Joss ami Principal Way Stations UsJ3»
i3<OOr San Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtions • tOi««A
SsSOr San Joae and Principal Way Stations 8:38a
•itXJp Redwood, Has Jose, GUroy. Salinaj,
-¦ . Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles 10:03a
dtltAr San Jose and WayMUtious t»:«»A
«ll:45r San Joes and Way Stations 7:3Oy
a. for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday eicepted. I Snnday only.
• Saturday only. « Monday.
• Saturday »nd Snnday .___/ Tuesdays and Fridau.
CALIFOBlfli K0RTH1ESTEBB ST. CCL
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PAC1F15
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburen Ferry. Foot of Markets*
San Franciaco io> San Rafael.
¦WEEK Di.TS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m-' • . „
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. to.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San RaiasI to San Franciaco.
WEEK DATS-6J0. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,.
3:40. 5:15 p: ro. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aa
and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:1» a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
Ban Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
-Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee*
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:2o am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Eealdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:50 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm I Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7*30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:C0am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ¦• .
»:30pm 5:00 pm »=20pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
E :10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami W:i0 am)10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper- Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip 'tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. KTAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAU.ET
AND SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.»
12:45 *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
«. m.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30, •3:45.-5:00, 6:00.7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays*
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:33, 10:13
a. m.. 12:25. 1:15. 2:20. «3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and . Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. »8:C0. 9:45, «ll:0O a. m.. 13
m.. 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. »5:43. 6:45. 7:30. 10:13
p m. ¦ •
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 3:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10' and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:33. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13:14
1-20 2-30. 3:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13, 10:30 p. m.
* • THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - ' * ¦ ' ¦
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days, (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlons. ¦ . .. ¦ .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VU guMliw r.rrr— toot of M»rt« St.
ifetZl WEEK DATS $1JSTI£
8.00 A.M.) r 12:15 p. M.
9*0 a. M. U4r. M.
- 10*0 a. m. sHnrDAVa *< is0 *¦ **•
llflO A. M. ' sKJNDAYS 4^50 F. st
ISO P. U. 5^0 *' U»
SJO P. M. J fUUftMJsJw 7:10 P.M.
¦ - Par*. *>»a Pruslm •» 8«m»tt add K*«rn. tl.«*
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sansalito Kerry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 KEARNY ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
dNi-asf wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cures srunrj%nte«r<l. Call or writ*
l>r. J. -JF. OIBBOX. baa Francisco, Cal. T_
ROOMS TO LET — rum. and Cnfnrn.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason Vt-lOO newly
furnished rooms, $1 CO per week up; elevator,
electric lighu in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central. , •
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rma.. Suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 210— Elegant single and double rooms;
running water; terms moderate. '
ELLIS. 659, corner Larkin— Large sunny bay.-
wlndow housekeeping bedroom,, $7.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOURTH. 323—3 sunny front rooms, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up-
stairs.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 584. below Jones— Handsomely fur-
nished front suite: also single rooms; bath
and phone; new- flat.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
tt.. near Marleet— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; beet in the city; references ;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD, 1063 (The Harvey)— Sunny furnished
front bay-window room; electric lights; $10;
others. _^
HYDE, 1414—4 unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also 3 rooms In lower floor; sun all day.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LEAVENWORTH, 207— Nicely furnished quiet
' sunny rooms, en gulte or single; $9 to S15.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, i2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; $1?; also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house: furniture new;
gas grates: running water: all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references. :
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath: single rooms $10 up.
MASON, 107— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; alt>o housekeeping rooms.
NEAT, pleasant, cheap room to let at 119. Ful-
ton st. .
O'FARHELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, S2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: rua water: baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all Funny rooms; references.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Coll branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
O^Rincon Hill. 4 blocks from Palace Hotel-
Prices per week. $3 50, $4, $5; industrious girls
or students can profit by this offer. Write or 1
call at 570 Harrison st. '-
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion; 6elect
family hotel ;exceptlcnal table ;attractlve rms.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Elegant parlor suites: all
conv. ; 3 or 4 gentlemen: best table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt. r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SK1VIXG MACHINES AXP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairinp: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SLOT MACHWES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Sth: other machines.
storage: axd warehouses.
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sta.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage "Warehouse. MO Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
"typewriters axd supplies.
GREAT^ARGAIXS InTtYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trUEt;
all makes; used machines. $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) of the Hutch-
inscn Sugar Plantation Co> will be payable
at the office of the company. 327 Market st..
I on and after Tuesday. August 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday. August 13. 1901, at
3 o'clock p. m. £L W. THOMAS. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Pommel Slickers, Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal., August 16, 1931. — Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. !m., Tuesday,
August 27, 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the delivery cf the same
•articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the same for which bids will be opened at
the other depots. To avoid all possible mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
slickers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der no circumstances slickers inferior thereto
will be accepted. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for delivery at other points than those
designated herein, will under no circumstances
be entertained. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential, and bidders must
state in their proposal the rate and time of
deliveries, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
. Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
Unfted States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed, "Proposals
No. 7571," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. August 14, 1901.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, August
29, 1S01. and then opened, for construction
(including plumbing, heating and electric
wiring) of hospital at Fort Mason, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject-or accept any
or all bids in whole or in part. Preference
gTven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty there-
on) being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production produced
on the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on ' application to J. M.
MARSHALL. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
earl. Chief Q. M.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. Aug. 6, 1901— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m. August 21, 1901. for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks,* Wash..
126 Standard Artillery Horses; delivery to
commence within sixty days after award of
contract: preference given to animals of do-
mestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves the
right to reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. For further Information see circular
to bidders or apply to this office. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked:
"Propc«als for Artillery Horses." and ad-
dressed to the undersigned.
- J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
jgARBIAGE LICENSES.
I The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Fredrick W. Heckman, 35, Oakdale, and Ella
p. Phelps, 32. Oakdale.
Charles O. Olsen. 23. 32S Jersey street, and
Pearl C. Wright, 21. 236 Crescent avenue. '
Frederick N. Lazarus, -25, 726 McAllister
street, and May J. Meehan. 25, 5O5A Larkin st.
Jean Larrus. 32. 1527 California street, and
Marie Laforeeu. 30, 1527 California street.
John T. Bertram, 34, city, and Helene Cal-
llnan, 32, city. ' ¦
Patrick Kiernan, 64, city, and Annie Bram-
horst. 36, city.
Henry Jurffens, 30, 616 First avenue south,
and Emma I. Herrmann, 21. 187 Sanchez street.
David Stampa. 36, 801 O'Farrell street, and
Bertha Gutstadt, 22, 613 Fell street.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
fcvTMT^PECK & ca. "- •
667 Market Street.
Opposite Kearny Street. - .
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collector*.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
$2200 — Three Cats near Mason and Sutter
Ets. ; rents J21.
J25C0— Store and four rear living roomi on
Mission st.
$2400— FIve-roora cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market Ets.
13OT0— Lyon et., near Baker; good house
and lot 15x90 feet; want an offer.
S350O— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$3750— Two nice fiats near Hyde and Call,
lornia tts. ; rents $37.
$8500— Ashbury-st. residence of 10 rooms,
strictly modern; magmiflcent view.
$13.000— Jones et.. Us blocks from Market
et. : very cheap buy.
J15.CCO— Eight modern fiats on corner near
Larkin St.; all rented for $145.
J1M00— Ellis .st; 3 modern flats close to
Franklin Et.; rents $145; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
SIS. 500 — Grand investment; modern improve-
ments; lot TO leet front; near Jones 6C; rents
$170; all rented.
$23.500— Polk-st. business property, best por-
tion; 2 stores and 20 rooms; rents about $1S7.
S36.CC0 — Golden Gate ave.. corner, opposite
Plaza; new costly building; rents {260; mort-
gape of $20,000 can remain.
540.CCO— Devisadero-st. business corner; 2
stores end T flats; rents $305 per month; pays
S per cent net.
Sansome-st. corner; 70x135 feet; rents $250;
want offer.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market Street.
-A. EARE DOWXTOWX CORNER IXVEST-
MEXT.
One block from Baldwin Hotel eite and
Tivoli Theater; only corner for sale In vicinity
of proposed new Flood building and Crocker
Hotel site.
Xcs. 103-111 Mason St.
Two Ftores and 2 lodging-houses.
ro feet frontage.
W:H pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
¦ Corner, tf xCO. In same block Just Bold for
JTC.O00.
. For further particulars apply to
A. M. SPECK. .667 Market st.
SIX. feven and eight rooms cottages; also two
Hat houses in blcck between lTth, ISth. Castro
ana Noe sts. ; V* cash, balance monthly pajr-
rr.eritE: Castro or Ouerrero-st. cars. F. XEL-
FON. builder.
BARGAIN— House and lot for sale; lot 25x112.
Inquire- at 22 Oak Grove ave.
1USAL LSTATC — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOIi SALE NEAR SAN FRAXCISCO
Fmall tracts, $C0 to S20 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Konorr.a Co.; future value assured, as
Pan Frar.eisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. ZC2 California St.. for pam-
phlets or information.
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN— Agents wanted at
once in all linrts of California. Washington
ard Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
Isnd; quick action; grood commission. For
full particular* ad.iress box 4764. Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free lift. C. U. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHOICE faTn bargains: call or *end for list.
VTnorter. TV>i*t"n *• Monteoniwy. 634 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
{5T59 — MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath
and reception ball; lot S3xl4S: one block from
electric curs: close to Fchool and near Morton
st. station. CHARLES ABAMS & CO.. Bay
station, Alamoda.
1IARGAIXS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; Vi cash. Bank of Ala."
BERKELEY ADTERTISEMNT&
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
54500 — REDUCED from S7500: JO acres of land: 7-
room house, fine barn; only 2 miles north of
Berkeley. \V. C. MORAN & CO.
(3500— JCKW 7-room house; 10 minutes' walk to
I". C. ETounds: sell same ae rent. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
J20CO— NEW 6-room cottage, only one block to j
Train and street cars; 5200 cash, balance R0 j
per month; :.oreflain bath, tiled sink, eide- [
board, fine mantel, stationary tubs, tinted I
walis anJ trap fixtures. W. C. MORAN & CO. j
tl^CftC— FIN*i:?T corner in Berkeley; 10 large j
rooms: lot 3x200; fine grounds; three blocks i
- to P. <X ground*. W. C. MORAN & CO. [
S27.Vi — SEVEN' rooms; on 100-foot street and J
main avenve to U. C. grounds: lot 45x110;
must be fold at once. V.'. C. MORAN & CO. !
$;po— GET one of these lots in the Wheeler j
Tract bofor*" prices- raise: street work all j
done; 4 blocks to t". C. grounds; send for :
map. W. C. MORAN & CO. I
?1.7i— ACRE lots; $U» down, balance Jo per i
month. W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt Block,
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1W» DOVi'N and about $15 per month, including
interest: r'ain but comfortable house of 7
rooms, bath. haM. sliding doors, front porch
and basement; very sunny all day and in
pood rendition; insured for fSOO; nice little
barn, driveway and garden; city water In
ho'jye and hern; k forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East: total price
|k only fHiQO <n installments; liberal discount for
B a quick cash sale; street work all done; near
Pan Pablo ave. and local trains to San Fran-
cisco: titje perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage: investigate ot once.
GEO. V»*. AL'PTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
LARGE furnished room, with heating etove,
suitable for two, or single room; in a desir-
bie locality; close to local ar.d electric cars;
nice i>!ac» for nurse or music teacher; use of
piano during day. 1109 Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FIR.MTIRE FOR SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL.. The, 1773 Market — Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms. $10 up; others. |6; with gas.
CAPP. CC4. near Twenty-first— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; private family; refs.
EIGHTH. 225 — 3 unfurnisned sunny rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $10.
$1 SO WEEK— Sunny housekeeping room; stove;
closets; bath: private. S34 Folsom st-
FOLFOM, SG3 — A large eunny bedroom with
kitchen adjoining and yard.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also single rooms.
FCLTON, 1206. near Scott — 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry; reference.
HOWARD. 513— Housekeeping rooms. $5. $6 and
JJ per month: also single and double. 70c up.
€30— A front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping. .
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
dow; other rooms; man and wife.
HOWARD. 1CCJ— 2 completely furnished sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms; running
water; electric lights.
HTDE, 40?— Runny front alcove 6ulte suitable
for 2 or 3 people; also basement euite.
LINDEN ave., S16. near Gough— Large sunny
room for housekeeping; use of kitchen; rea-
sonable.
MINNA. Ill Mr— Bay-window housekeeping euite
$2 30; bay-window housekeeping room $1 75.
POLK 1002—3 and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TUUK. E25— Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
style- 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
VAN NESS. EOT— Elesranlly furnished rooms;
also fine suite; housekeeping. ' ¦ -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*6
Valencia ct.
CLASSIFIED *dvertisement» and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2203 Ftllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fura. and Unfurn.
AULBORX HOTEIy-221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— Newly— Furnished— Private— Residence,
ZZ2 O'Farrell St
Parlor suite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
ist; Other suites and singles from $18 up; ref.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
rfiRGYLE, 224 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
¦grill attached ; -country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. cars.
AT fihasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
•eaovated; 25c to 75c, fl to $3 week. ." "^.,
BIKTBS—MABRI&SES— DEATHS. ;
Birth, marriage and death .notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN,
CALVERT— In this city, August 9, 1901. to the
wife of James Calvert, a daughter.
PAINE— In Oakland. August 13. 1901, to the
wife of Herman Paine, twin sons.
PRAETORIUS (nee EBERT)— In this city,
July 29, 1901. to the wife of G. Praetortus, a
son.
THORNHILL— In this city. Auguat 13. 1901. to
the wife of Nick ThornhlU. a daughter.
DIED.
Anderson. Sarah Labaree. 'John L. »
Baraty. Marcellna Le Breton. Captain
Bareilles, Louis Charles P.
Boyd, Seth C. ' McEvoy, Katherlne
Burke. Frances M. Mails. Maria F. ¦
Cummlngs, Ruth E. Ostrander.- Mrs. F. A.
Frank, Mrs. Salome Rose. Susan
Holcomb, Myron T. Ross. Rodrlck N.' v
Jordan, Maria Servant. Wentworth
Kenney, Bridget Sullivan. Nora G.
Klute. Frederlka Watson, Mary A.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 13, 1901,
Sarah, beloved wife of William Anderson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years, j J
BARATT— In this city, August 14, 1901, Mar-'
celina Baraty, widow of the late J. M.
Baraty, and mother of Mrs. A. D* Wilson, a.
native of Mazatlan, -Mexico, aged 54 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S04 Dupont street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame des Victolres.
where services will be held. Please omit
flowers.
BAREILLES— In this city, Augrust 14, 1901.
Louis Bareilles, beloved eon of Mr. and Mrs. •
Jacques Bareilles, and beloved brother of
I Notlky Marie, Anna, Pierre and Veronique
Bareilles. a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years 6 months and 21 days.
IL^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1436 Seventh avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to the-'French Church of Notre
Dame dea Victoires, where services will be
held.
BOTD-In San Rafael, August 13, 1901. Seth
Cook, eldest son of John F. and Louise. A.
Boyd, a native of San Rafael, aged 17 years
and 14 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. San Rafael. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. .
BURKE— In this city, August 14, 1901, Frances
Mary, beloved wife! of P. D. -Burke, and
loving mother of Charles J. and Lillian
Prince and Mrs. Addie Siguere of Guatemala
and Mrs. Mamie Welch, a native of the City
of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 60 years.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 23 Stanley place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, Fremont and Harrison streets,
where a solemn requiem hieh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In this city, Ruth E.. beloved
daughter of John and Minnie Cummings, and
sister of Daniel H. Cummings, a native of
i San Francisco, aged 4 years and 24 days,
i FRANK— In Fruitvale. August 14, 1901, Mrs.
Salome Frank, baloved mother of Augustus,
Georse, Fred and Herman Frank, Mrs.
Charles A. Gibson and Mrs. H. Lankenau.'
a native of Alsace, Germany, aged 59 years
3 months and 17 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at Emanuel Church,
Twelfth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
HOLCOMB — In Oakland, August 15. 1901.
Myrbu T. Holcomb Sr., a native of Vermont,
in the ninety-second year of his age.
JORDAN— Passed to rest, in this city, August
14, 1901. Maria Jordan, beloved wife of Ru-
dolf Jordan,* and mother of Mrs. Caesar Ber-
theau, Mrs. H. Lawrence Read. Mrs. Abbot
A. Hanks and Rudolf Jordan Jr., a native of
. Hamburg, Germany, axed 69 years 9 months
and 2S days.
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 3 o'clock,
from her late residence, 2519 Washington
street, thence to Odd Fellows' Crematory.
Please omit flowers.
KENNEY— In this city, August 13, 1901, Brid-
set, beloved wife of the late James Kenney,
and cousin of Bernard McArdle,, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 95 years. (Bal-
timore papers please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Bernard McArdle. 656^4 Minna street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
1 emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rtDOse of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KLUTE— In this city, August 13. 1901. Fred-
erika, beloved wife of Adolph Klute, and
mother of Adolph Jr., Carl. Freda and Elsie
Klute, a native of Bremervoerde, Germany,
aged 45 years 7 months and 11 days.
E7"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
LABAREE — In Klncman, Ariz., Augrust 13.
190L John L. Labaree, beloved husband of
Alice L., and father of J. Lyman, Anna and
Eugene Labaree, a native of Danville, Cal.
LE BRETON— In this city, August 14, 1901,
Captain Charles P., beloved husband of Vio-
lana P. Le Breton, and father of Caro L.,
Charles P. Jr., Harrie S., Laura and Alli-
son Le Breton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged DT> years 8 months and 5. days.
IC?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at National Guard Ar-
mory, 815 Ellis street.
McEVOY— In this city. August 15. 1901, Kath-
erine, beloved daughter of James and Cath-
erine McEvoy,- a native of San Francisco,
a&fed 7 months.
MAILS— In Berkeley, August 14, 1901, Maria
Fernanda, beloved and devoted wife of Henry
Malls, a native of Mexico, aged 63 years a
months and 16 days. ¦ ,
OSTRANDER— In this city; August 14, 1901,
Mrs. Frances Averill Ostrander. a native of
New York, aged 61 years. -.
ROSE— In Oakland. August 13. 1901, Susan
Rose, beloved mother of Frank, William,
Edward, James and Kate Rose, Mrs. Ella
McGreevy, . Mrs. Annie Murray, Mrs. Susie
Rogers and Mrs. Lizzie Stanley, and wife of
the late Frank Rose, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), on the arrival -of the 9:10 a. m.
train at Niles, and thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Mission San Jose, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Catholic Cemetery, Mission San
Jose.
ROSS— In Alameda, August 14, 1901, Rodrick
Norman, beloved son of Sarah and the late
John Ross, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
10 years 1 month and 4 days.
SERVANT— In this city, August 15, 1901.
Wentworth P., beloved husband of Kate
Servant, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 43
years and 23 days.
SULLIVAN-In this city, August 15. 1901, Nora
G.. beloved daughter of Johanna and the late
John Sullivan, and 'sister of Nelly F. and
John V. Sullivan, a native of Lawrence,
Mass. ¦
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3036 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATSON— In this city.' August 15, 1901. Mary
A. Watson, a native of Nantucket. aged 77
years.
ET'Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 706 Brod-
erlck street.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
* (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
AleAVOY «fc CO.. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. B
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. I
- ¦ . .Telephone South 247. -¦ ' I
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at W4 Eddy at., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
I • UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 1S7. .
nnrcRAL directors and embalmers.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ' •
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
- Point Lobos eve.,S. P., Cal. •
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco after the first day of August. 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION.- Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is'
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes, of their dead. ¦ ,¦•¦•¦.¦,
Permits to cremate will be Issued by th«
Board of Health the earns as heretofore. ¦ .
,.;i GEORGE n. FLETCHER. Manager.
Write Cal $1.00 WearMiss Thompson struck a tragic pose and
yelled, "Foiled again, but I will yet hav«
r-r-r-r-revenge." At the conclusion of the
dance it is Ben S. Deane's cue to entet
and announce the death of his master,
but while the dance was In progress Miss
Thompson ordered and then shoved him
on to the stage. It was in semi-darkness
and he collided with Georgie Cooper, whe
landed on his solar plexus and passed
him on to Agnes Rankln and Stella Ra
zctto, who played "rough-house" with
him Miss Roberts next flew at him, and
with a muscular shove sent the much
abused actor into the wings. Miss
Thompson's trump card failed and Mr
Brown rode on top- of the storm. The
dance was a success. The play contin
ued, and now the authoress and tha
teacher of delsarte do not speak as they
meet on the Rialto.
What he said would not look well In
print, but he said it Just the same. How
to foil the authoress was Brov/n'a one
thought. He discovered a bass drum upon
which ¦ he pounded to make thunder and
hissed at Miss Thompson with all hla
might to imitate the sound of zephyrs,
being ably aided and abetted by the prop
erty man.
Deputy Coroner Flynn found near the
dead body a handkerchief that had been
cate Publishing Company, who was found
dead In bed at Q7 Powell street last
Wednesday morning shortly after mid
nleht.
There are many suspicious circum
stances in connection with the case. Van
derhoof had been living with a middle
aged woman named Clara Hess, who>
passed j«s his -wife. On Tuesday afternoon
Vanderhoof left the house to take the
l oat for Santa Rosa. Miss Hess aiso left
their apartments presumably for the jn.r
pose of remaining with relatives until his
return. Something occurred which pre
vented his departure and he returned to
his room at half-past' 7 o'clock in the
evening.
At midnight or a little later Miss Hess
came to the house with two young men
with whom she had been drinking around
town. When she reached Vanderhoof's
room she found him lying on the bed fully
dressed and dead.
Verus cures piles c!r $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. * -
The first automobile in the Philippines
Is an electric machine imported for the
use of the signal corps.
Wanted, 100 additional honorably dis
charged U. , S. soldiers. Apply at once,
room 10, 325 Montgomery street. Bring dis
charge papers. • . * •
An opinion was received yesterday by
Customs Collector Stratton from Assist
ant Secretary Taylor of the Treasury De
partment dismissing the appeal of Choy
Sing, who, arrived on the Doric last June,
and whose application to be admitted as
the minor .'child of a merchant was de
nied by the Collector. Secretary Taylor
says:
"From the examina£3%i of the applicant
It appears that he is himself a married
man and the father of two children. "Un
der these circumstances it is hardly nec
essary to consider the status of his al
leged father or the question of relation
ship, since the applicant is clearly of an
age to engage in work on his own ac
count independently as a laborer."
Chinese Immigrant Who Asks
Admission.
Treasury Decision in the Case of . a
FATHER OF CHILDREN
NOT A MINOR CHILD
ing the forged document. They, returned
a general verdict of guilty and were sent
back to prepare one as instructed, which
they ; did in a few . minutes. , , . ":.;••>
Divers recovered a bar. of gold yester
day .from the water; where Winders
dumped his golden loot. The bar is val
ued at $3100. Two, bars are still to be lo
cated, and the divers will resume work
this morning. . '
' Winters was* arraigned immediately on
his arrival' at Crockett before Justice
Pratt, on two "John Doe" • warra nts
charging grand larceny and burglary.
Bail was fixed in each case at $10,000.
Winters was unable, to furnish bail, but
expressed confidence that Superintendent
von der Ropp of the Selby .works would
come to his aid. He was taken to Mar
tinez and locked up in the county jail.
The examination of Winters before Jus
tice Pratt will be held ~ to-morrow. '.He
said 1 he did not want a lawyer, as he
would handle his own case. I
John Winters, alias "Buck Taylor,"
who looted the vault of the Selby Smelt
ing Company at: Vallejo Junction on the
morning of August .6, was taken to
Crockett yesterday by Sheriff i Veale of
Contra Costa County and Detective Tom
Gibson.
ceny and Burglary and Bail
Fixed at $20,000.
Winters Charged With, Grand Lar-
BOBBER OF SEOLBY BULLION
TAKEN BACK TO CROCKETT
While as yet the police are In posses
sion of no absolute proof strong suspicion
is directed toward a former employe. He
was dismissed but a short time ago. He
probably had in his possession a key to
the side door and it is known that he had
knowledge of- the combination of the safe
and of the fact that the safe was used
as a depository for moneys belonging to
employes. The detectives expect to make
an arrest to-day.
Dr. M. E. Kibbe of 1023 Sutter street,
who is at present managing the associa
tion's affairs, was notified as soon as the
theft was discovered. He worked all day
on the case and did not notify the police
until he had formed a pretty good Idea
as to the Identity of the burglar.
In addition to the association's money
the thief got away with a considerable
sum belonging to employes of the concern,
who preferred leaving their savings with
the cashier to depositing them in a brfnk.
The thief gained an entrance to the of
fice through a small door on Powell street.
From his manner of working he was evi
dently familiar with the place and In pos
session of the combination of the safe.
The police were notified last night of a
particularly daring . safe robbery perpe
trated in' the oflice of the Gas Consumers'
Association, 344 Post street, some time
between the close of business on Wednes
day and yesterday . morning. A sum of
money,' In the neighborhood of $2000, was
stolen. The thief had opened the safe in
the regular way. Detectives Dinan and
Wren were detailed by' Captain Seymour
to investigate the burglary. ¦ -,- . <.
Valuables Mysteriously
Disappear at a Late
Supper.
Miss Ethel Hornick, one of the leading
members of the Empire Company now
playing, at the Columbia Theater, Is
mourning the loss of a box of valuable
Jewelry that disappeared on Tuesday
evening from her supper table at the Cafe
Zinkand.
Miss Hornick went to supper after the
performance on "the evening mentioned
with Miss Mary Van Buren, T. Daniel
Frawley and Mr. Kinmond, manager for
Mr. Frawley. The actress carried, with
her into the restaurant a little box con
taining her purse and jewels. This box
she placed on the table beside her. When
the members of the party left the restau
rant the precious parcel was overlooked.
Miss Hornick had not gone far, however,
before she discovered that she had forgot
ten her jewel box and with her escort re
turned to the cafe to get.it. But it was
too late. Although scarcely more than
five minutes had elapsed since she had
left the restaurant no trace of the box
could be found.
Yesterday Miss Hornick placed the mat
ter in the hands of the police and the de
tectives spent a busy day looking for the
Jewel box. Miss Hornick, when seen at
the theater last evening, said:
"I went to the Zlnkand as the guest of
Miss Mary Van Buren. In the party were
Mr. Frawley and his manager. . I carried
with me a .box containing some Jewels
and my purse, which contained $25. The
box was done up In tissue paper and real
ly looked like a box of candy. I imagine
that some one took the box believing it
contained bonbons and that when it was
opened and its valuable contents dis
closed was afraid to return it. All
the valuables In the box were, the gifts of
dear friends and their value is really more
one of a personal association than a mon
etary one. I have offered a reward of $75
for its return and promise that no ques
tions will be asked."
Supposed Leper at Large.
The officials of the Health Department
were notified yesterday morning that a
half nude man, apparently insane, ap
peared on the Presidio hills and when the
sentry started after him he took to his
heels, never stopping until he had landed
somewhere in the Richmond district. . The
health officials surmise that the man may
be a leper who escaped from the hospital
some time ago. The police were notified
and a special. watch will be kept until the
man is put in some safe place.
¦ Did It ever strike you that you can buy Jessa
Moore Whiskey for the same price that la paid
Xor Just ordinary whiskey? ?! •
The trial of Daniel J. Sullivan on the
charge of forging Judge Cabaniss' name
to an order on the City Treasurer for the
return of $1C4O bail money on March 15
last was concluded before a jury In Judge
La wlor's court yesterday afternoon. The
case was given to the jury shortly after
5 o'clock, and in less than an hour a ver
dict of guilty was returned. !
Judge Cabaniss and John O. Reis, chief
deputy in the Treasurer's office, were re
called for further cross-examination and
the prosecution rested. Reis testified that
the signatures of 'the Police Court clerks
were not essential on the ball orders.
The defendant was called to the stand
and 'frankly admitted signing Judge Ca
baniss' name to the order and drawing
the money, but it was done without; any
Intent, to defraud any one, he said. He
jokingly remarked to Reis when drawing
the money, he said, that it was for a Chi
nese client. He was working without sal
ary in the- warrant and bond clerk's office
and got what he could pick up In the
shape of commission.
Judges Signed Afterward.
When the new charter came into effect
everything was mixed up in the warrant
clerk's ottice, the defendant said, and
there was a ' supposed shortage of $400.
Warrant Clerk Peery employed him to
straighten out the accounts and he did so.
Then Peery asked him to, remain and look
after the books.' Sometimes he was in the
habit when Judges happened to be away
of y taking unsigned bail orders to the City
Treasurer's oflice and drawing the money,
getting the signature of the Judges after
ward. In the case of Wong Yow, the
Chinese wanted the money and ottered
him $2 50 to get it for. him. He could not
get judge Cabaniss, so he signed the
judge's name to the order, drew the
money and handed it to the Chinese, get
ting his $2 50, but not before a bond had
been substituted for the cash bail. Clerk
Peery wrote on the back of the ''order
after he returned from the Treasurer's
office, "Bond substituted' for cash." He
had handled about $300,000 while . in the
warrant clerk's 'office and no .bond' had
been required of him.
Jury Not Out Long.
Wong Yow testified to . the defendant
giving him the $1640 and getting the $2 50
commission. • .. . >
Attorney Joseph Coffey had been called
as a witness for the defense in the morn
ing, but questions asked him were ob
jected to and sustained. It was later ad
mitted that he would testify to having
seen the defendant and- Wong Tow to
gether in the warrant clerk's office, and
that a bond had been substituted for the
cash ball. This closed the case for. the
defense. *
After arguments of counsel the Judge
delivered, his charge to the jury and that
body retired shortly after 5 o'clock ¦ to
consider Its verdict. It returned in forty
five minutes with a verdict of guilty. At
torney Lennon will take the case to the
Supreme Court ' on : the points raised by
him • Wednesday as to errors in the in
formation. *
When , Judge Lawlor finished £ charging
the jurors he instructed : them that if
they found the prisoner guilty they must
return a verdict against him for forging
Judge Cabaniss' name, and also for utter-
Loots Gas Consumers*
Association's Treas- •
ure Box.
The friends of George W. Witty, whose
lifeless body was found in a lodging house
on Mission; street Wednesday evening, do
not believe he committed suicide. 1 - but
think he was murdered and robbed. Last
night several of them, among whom was
ex-Insurance Commissioner Ed McCabe,
visited police . headquarters and asked
Captain of Detectives Seymour to make a
thorough Investigation. Seymour at once
detailed two of his best men on tbe case
with instructions to spare no effort in
definitely determining whether Witty died
by his own hand or was the Victim of an
assassin.
In speaking about the tragic ending of
the man who was instrumental In ter
minating the earthly career of Sontag
and landing Evans, his companion in
crime, in the penitentiary for the rest of
his life, McCabe said:
"I am satisfied that Witty, with whom
I was well acquainted, did not commit
suicide.- He was of a very sunny disposi
tion and looked with scorn on anybody
who even hinted at the thought of sui
cide. Shortly before he entered the Mis
sion-street house he met several friends,
all of whom claim that he was unusually
happy. After entering the place he asked
for Josie Escott, a young woman whom
he had known > for several years. On
being told that she was out, it is claimed
by the inmates of the house, he immedi
ately walked into. .one of the rooms and
shot himself.
"I am not at all satisfied with this state
ment and am satisfied that - they know
more than they have told. . My reason for
thinking that Witty was murdered and
robbed is that only $3 was found on his
body by the . Coroner. Last Saturday he
had about $200, which he gave to a Mar
ket-street saloon-keeper for safe-keeping.
The lcllowing day he drew the money and
made a few small purchases. As he was
not a man to .squander money, I am sat
isfied Witty had the amount with him
when he was put out of the way and that
it was stolen by the murderer. In con
junction with other; friends of the dead
man I intend to do all in my power, to
definitely • ascertain ' whether or 'not he
died from an assassin's bullet."
"•-Mr3. Escott claims that she and Witty
had some words a few hours before the
shooting, and fearing that he intended to
Injure , her. she secretly .. left the house.
When she returned in the evening she
was horrified to learn his body was at the
Morgue.- . ' .'
Witty was employed by.Curtin's Detec
tive Agency in protecting non-union men
from violence while en route to this city.
He was deemed a fearless fellow and a
handy man with a gun. His mother, who
is said to be- wealthy, lives . in Stanislaus
County. . ' . :• -•" ¦ . ¦ •
\ The inquest will be' held' to-day.
to Investigate His
Death.
Captain Seymour Asked
By reason of this treatment, the boy
says, his health became impaired, his in
firmities more pronounced and his mental
ity weakened. A week ago he was turned
into the street. He roamed about in the
city and finally went out to the Richmond
district, where he was arrested. The case
will be investigated.
Secretary White of the society visited
the locality last night and arrested the
youth. At the Central police station the
boy told a pathetic tale of cruelty and
suffering.- He said his name was Bernard
Tirat-, age 19 years and that his father,
who is in good circumstances, resides at
616% Filbert street. Since birth the boy
has been a cripple, though his reason did
not show signs of weakening until he had
reached his sixteenth year. But since he
was able to remember things, he says, he
has been treated cruelly. Most of his life
was spent in a dark cellar chained to a
post, "like an animal," he averred, and
beaten whenever the mood seized his
guardians.
Some days ago residents of the Rich
mond district notified the Society for the
Prevention j of Cruelty to Children of a
strange, deformed youth who wandered
.from door to door begging crusts of bread,
and who when night overtook him sought
shelter in barns and underneath, houses.
Begging Crusts of Bread.
ITorced From Home He Subsists by
ACTRESS LOSES
BOX OF JEWELS
CRUEL TREATMENT DRIVER
CRIPPLED YOUTH INSANE
Forgery Charge Sus
tained After Brief
Deliberation.
SAFE ROBBER'S
RICH HARVEST
SULLIVAN JURY
CONVICTS HIM
¦ Coroner as Mrs. Vanderhoof, will be rig
idly examined at the Inquest to-day. She
will be asked to explain why the bottle
containing the carbolic acid has disap
peared. It was also reported that Van
derhoof left a uote, which is also missing.
Captain of Detectives Seymour an
nounced last night that after investiga
tion he was satisfied Vanderhoff commit
ted suicide.
SUPPOSED VICTIM OF SUICIDE
AND THE WOMAN WHO HAD
BEEN HIS COMPANION.
BELIEVE WITTY
WAS MURDERED
It appears that Miss Thompson origi
nated something startling In the way of
a dance, which is Introduced in the third
act of her production. It Is entitled "A
Brown Shines Out in the Dance.
For a short time these incidents came
very near marring the opening perform
ance. Miss Florence Roberts saved the
night by presence of mind and Mr. Brown
by playing "thunder."
last night. Miss Charlotte Thomp
son, author of "Silver Mounted Harness,"
"got on her high horse," as an actor put
it, and tried to ride over Bothwell Brown,
dancing master. The dancing master
proved a high hurdle, however, Miss
Thompson's flery, untamed steed hesita
ted and the fajr rider was lost.
, It may be reinarked that neither Miss
Thompson nor Mr. Brown speak, now as
they pass" by. Neither do" they shower
praise on each other's work as in the
past. Metaphorically speaking, their
daggers are drawn. This sad state of
things is due to a number of exciting
incidents that happened behind the scenes
on Monday night. Miss Thompson lost
her temper and said unkind things about
the dancing master, and Mr. Brown retal
iated by saying "she was no lady."
THE edifying spectacle of an au
thoress and a dancing master
engaged In a dispute was hidden
to patrons of the Alcazar Theater
Flower Cotillon," and the figures sym
bolize the brief, joyous life of the flowers
in the summer sunshine, until shattered
and destroyed by storm. To develop this
idea she called In Bothwell Brown, a
young man who teaches "grace culture"
and other fads. Mr. Brown went into
raptures over the idea and sst about to
put it into execution. He taught the mem
bers of th© company a few new wrinkles
in delsarte and pirouetting and then put
them through the mazes of this dance,
which an imaginative press agent says is
"life's allegory told in color and rhythm
and time and tune." So well did he suc
ceed that the dance in a measure over
shadowed the play. Miss Thompson, ap
preciating this, regretted that she had
ever seen Mr. Brown.
Miss Thompson, it Is alleged by Brown,
at the eleventh hour tried to cut out the
dance, and, being foiled, tried to mar it.
First she visited the back of the stage
before the play opened and cut down the
three yards of tin that is used in making
thunder. Next she removed the silk that
is bound around a churn that Is util
ized when the sound of gentle zephyrs
toying with a Populist's chin curtains is
needed. Then she bribed the man who
handles the cymbals, bass drum, kettle
drums and other "noises" in the storm
scene.
Georgie Cooper Lands a Solar Plexus.
When Mr. Bothwell Brown discovered
that the authoress was stealing his
thunder, enough lightning' flashed from
his orbs' to illuminate the entire stage.
LEADING FIGURES IN A COMEDY DRAMA THAT "WAS PLATED BEHIND THE SCENES OF THE ALCAZAR
THEATER ON MONDAY EVENING LAST, WHEN SOME REALISTIC ACTING "WAS HTDDEX FROM THE
VIEW OF THE LARGE AUDIENCE.
Ned Lannigan Is roundly abused and
vilified by the Republican bosses. It is
said that the fifteen Democratic votes
used to elect himself as a delegate to the
McNab-Phelan i convention would have
saved the day in the Forty-first District
for the allied bosses if the Lannigan Dem
ocrats had voted the Republican ticket.
Good citizens have one ray of hope.
The prize won by the bosses is so fat that
the winners are falling out over the divi
sion of the plunder. Kelly, becoming
ugly and aggressive, may get up in open
convention and speak the plain truth
about Herrin. The railroad organ, speak
ing for Herrin, may specify in detail its
reason for supporting: Kelly before the
election and kicking him, out afterward.
While Kelly's work is' raw, Herrin's is
deucedly. clumsy. Neither one Is smooth.
Johnny Mackenzie of San Jose,, whose
smoothness exceeds that of salad oil, has
been imported to manipulate the conven
tion. The advent of Jim Rea to help Kelly
and Sam Rainey would not surprise poli
ticians. The local bosses deeply deplore
the defeat of Max Goldberg. The grief
in the Primary League over Abe Ruef's
defeat is nothing compared with the dis
tress in the boss camp over the finish of
Goldberg's political career. The Primary
League elected 130 delegates to the con
vention and may be able to defeat the
scheme of allied bosses to sell the nomina
tions, g
There is talk of putting T. D. Riordan
\ forward for chairman of the convention.
His candidacy was announced yesterday.
Outside of boss circles there- is agitation
in favor of nominating Judge Slack for
Mayor. He is regarded as the ablest man
mentioned so far.
One Ray of Hope.
Martin Kelly having won the Republi
can convention at the primary election ex
pects to sell the nominations to the high
est bidders. The people were apprised of
Kelly's intention in this regard, but they
stayed away from the polls and permitted
the boss to win.
It is not conceivable that Crimmins
would think of deserting Kelly and going
to Herrin unless some great political or
pecuniary advantage was expected. The
contemplated change of companionship
cannot be accounted for on moral
grounds.
It is known that the relations between
Herrin and Kelly were once strained. The
estrangement grew out of the allotment of
boodle to influence Supervisors in the fix
ing of water rates. A manipulator other
than Kelly was selected to handle the
boodle. Kelly fancied thereafter that Her
rin had violated the principles of cour
tesy which should be maintained by traf
fic men. When Boss Kelly made his roar
in the B'nai B'rith Hall convention and
frightened his underlings into complete
subserviency for the rest of the session
the railroad organ assailed him in the
most intemperate 'terms. The organ
played "Kick Kelly Out," "Kelly Is an
Impostor" and "Kelly Is a Rascal," but
the tunes were played for the gallery.
Kelly stayed in. selected the Republican
County Committee, which the State or
ganization indorsed, and to show the push
that he could do something more rounded
up the San Francisco delegation to the
Legislature and ordered the indorsement
of "Corney" Pendleton for Speaker.
The flght In the camp of the Republican
bosses over the division of spoils Is , be
coming ugly. • Boss Martin Kelly is ap
prised of secret plotting to undermine
him." The story comes to The Call that
Herrin has placed himself at the head of
the movement to wrest from Kelly the
fruits of the boss triumph at the polls
last Tuesday. The rumor is adroitly cir
culated that H. E. Huntlngton Is to be
restored to power in the Southern Pacific
and that under the re-established order of
affairs Herrin will be permitted to do poli
tics at the old stand. Phil Crimmins Is
urged to desert his old pal, Martin Kelly,
and join Herrin's forces. Last night the
assailants of Kelly in the camp" of cor
ruption were asserting that Crimmins had
•been detached from Kelly and would
henceforth train with the new crowd of
manipulators. Disinterested spectators of
the disgraceful controversy predict that
Kelly will bring Crimmins under his per
sonal lash and put a stop to Herrin's In
terference. Kelly has a way of dealing
with his underlings that proves quite ef
fective. Once before when Crimmins tried
to break away Kelly read the riot act and
read It with such vehemence and so dis
tinctly addressed It to his partner In per
son that the latter concluded that he
would rather stay where he was than go
to the hospital. When all other means
fail Kelly resorts to force. The flght may
become so hot that the bosses, losing cau
tion in anger, may expose one another in
open convention.
Fight Over Division of the
Spoils Grows Bitter and
.Personal.
Plot to Detach Crimmins
Prom Kelly to Help
Out Herrin.
UGLY QUARREL
IN BOSS CAMP
POISON FOUND IN THE STOMACH
OF PUBLISHER R B. VANDERHOOF
Mysterious Disappearance of the Bottle Which Contained the Car
bolic Acid Causes Some Comment
ALLEGES THAT MISS THOMPSON
TRIED TO STEAL HIS THUNDER
Bothwell Brown, a Teacher of "Grace Culture/' at War With the
Authoress of "Silver Mounted Harness*"
TXHG OAJtf FEANOISCO CALL, ' FBIDAY, AUGUST 16, 1901.
QITY CHEMIST GREENE reported
to the Coroner yesterday morning
that Ue had found carbo'ls acid
In tbe etomach of Hervey B. Van
derhoof, -president of the Syndi-
saturated with carbolic add. This fact
he carefully suppressed In his written re
port on file at the Coroner's office, which
stated that death was due probaDly to
heart disease, but he left a note for the
autopsy surgeon mentioning the handker
chief. The note was received by Dr.
Bacigalupi when he had almost completed
the autopsy, and after he had decided to
send the stomach to the chemist because
he had found evidences of corrosive poi
son.
Coroner Leland Is very much annoyed
over the Incident, as he seemingly has no
redress for- mistakes made through tne
carelessness or* stupidity of his- deputies,
who were appointed by Gavin McNab and
Charley Fay.
Miss Hess, who gave her name to the
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
He Is 70 Years "Young."
When an old man of 70 tells you
something has made him feel like 31
or 40, don't you think you would liki
to try it, too? Mr. A. Crawford
Pokegama, Or., says he is seventy
years "young" since he has been
using my electric belt, that while seven-
ty years have passed over his head still
he has regained the firm step and vigoi
of 35. He says: "I thank you with all
my heart, and when I come to youi
city I will show you an old man made
over new." My book tells how youna
blood is pumped into old veins. Read
it. Free. Dr. M. E. McLaughlia
702 Market street, San Francisco.
_ _ _
COOD CLASSES I !
Can only be procured from a rood
- optician, I can
SAVE YOU ONE-THIRD
On the best classes obtainable
I also dusllcate any kind of
lenses for ONE-THIRD LESS
than prevailing prices.
E. TVTAXWHLIfc. Optician,
room 42, sixth floor. Academy oj -
Sciences bid?., . 819 MAE-
KIT ST. -h"w
TAKE ELEVATOR.
PM^ FAVORITE-
pSCRIPTION
Buy and Try a Box Tonight
While you think of it, go buy an<!
try a box of Cascarets Candy Ca-
thartic, ideal laxative, tonight. You'I
never regret it Genuine tablet
stamped C. C. C. Never sold i:
bulk. All druggists, 10c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEGIN THE DAY
By Using
ialt Breakfast Food
Unequaled for Brain
and Muscle*
The use of Malt Breakfast Food at the
morning meal conduces to energy, health
and happiness, whether your time during
the day is devoted to business or to the
cares of the home.
No other cereal food in the world pos-
sesses so many health giving and nourish-
ing Ingredients ss Malt Breakfast Food.
It is unequaled for the brain worker and
sustains the strength of the muscle user.
It is the leading and popular cereal food
with the best hotels. • :
Oak or mahogany Roc«.cr with
upholstered spring seat. $3. 'Z r»
Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment. Credit
and free delivery within 100 miles. '
We close at six.
We close at 6 except on Satur-
days and days before . holidays.
On those days at 10 o'clock.
I. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET.
Opposite Union Square.