f% ANTON, Ohio, Sept. 18. — Throughout the afternoon the human tide pressed steadily forward to
+J the bier. Four abreast in double line, without a moment's halt the people hurried by the casket and
then, with tear-stained faces, passed out of the darkened chamber into the bright sunlight. In the line
were those representing all stations in life, all ages, all conditions. At one moment an pld man, bent
and witJiered, who had known "Mother" McKinley, tottered up to gaze upon the silent features. He
was followed by a man of middle age, who had gone to school with McKinley. Over on one side was
the Knight Templar who had marched beside McKinley in parades. All who came had some recol
lection of personal relation with the man lying there cold in death. Fathers brought their children and
held them over the bier for a fleeting glance at the upturned face. 'A sleeping baby zvas aroused by its*
mother for a sight its little mind could not comprehend. Toilers came from the factories qnd dinner
pails in hand, trooped by the bier of him whom they called their benefactor and their friend. A great
flood of emotion was welling up in the Jiearts of these sojrowing people. y
FLOOD OF EMO T1ON A T BIER.
FORMER TOWNSMEN OF THE SLAIN
PRESIDENT WEEP FOR THE MARTYR
and House •' will ' not : arrive -. until to-mor
row.' President Roosevelt, -his naval aid,
Commander. Cowles; .Secretary Root, and
Assistant: Secretary; Hill are at the resi-
•A quartet from Pitts
burg Commandery No. 1,
Knights, Templar, will sing
atlthc i vault, and there, will
also.be ; prayer service and
scriptural reading. • ,
«iji Canton to-day the
vfuneral .services., will
-occur, at 1:30 p.m. at
. ;the First Methodist
Episcopal Church, of which
McKinley/, was ; a member
and -trustee. An imposing
procession in which Grand
Army posts,, the. .National
Guard of Ohio/ details of
regulars and fraternal, so
:cial/;* and < civic organiza
tions, Governors and many
noted statesmen will take
partr will .follow the; re
mains to the. cemetery. ,
PROGRAMME
FOR CANTON
CEREMONIES
Continued on Page Two.
Railroad ' facilities seem ' inadequate to
bring tho people who are coming to-mor
row. The number and bcautyjof the floral
tributes which' are arriving .surpass be
lief.^Flowers are coming literally by tho
tori. .The hothouses of the country seem
to have been emptied to supply them/ Tho'
facilities ot i the, 1 little city of Canton are
entirely Inadequate to care for the thou
sands 1 who are here, '.milch less the other
thousands who are on the way. Although
the local committee is doing everything
ln its power to provide' food and shelter,
many of the officials from Washington
are obliged to sleep in the i cars they came '\
in, and to T night hundreds are '; . walking
the streets, seeking food ' and:, places*, to
sleep; v"; . ; .••/ . ' .'.' ; ' : ;; . '?'• •"'", '¦'•' : '•¦ '"'" -; "
¦The population of Canton is about 31,000,
but it. is expected that over. 100,000 people
will be here to-morrow. :1 " : ""7 '.<;.",. "" , -.-¦
Fortunately the members of the Senate
All Going to Funeral.
details of regulars from all branches of
the , lervlce, fraternal, nodal and civic
organizations and representations of. com
mercial bodies from all over the country,
the Governors of several States with their
staffs, the Senate and House of the United
States and the Cabinet and President of
the United States, will follow the remains
to West Lawn Cemetery, where they will
be placed In a receiving vault, awaiting
tho time when they will be laid In the
grave beside the two children who 'were
burled years ago. - . • •
Tho funeral services will take place to
morrow at 1:30 p. m. at the First M. <E.
Church, of which the martyred President
was a member and a. trustee. They will
bo brief, by tho cxpresced wish of the
family. Rev. O. B. Mllllgan, pastor of
tho First PrcBbyterlan Church, In which
President and Mrs. McKlnley were mar
ried thirty years ago, will make the open
ing prayer. 'Dr. John Hall of, the Trinity
Lutheran Church will make the flrst scrip
tural reading, and Dr. B. P. Herbuck of
the Trinity • Reform Church the second.
Dr. C. E. Manchester, pastor of the late
President's church, will deliver the only
address.. A quartet will sing - "Beautiful
Isle oi Somewhere," and another quartet
will render "Lead, Kindly Light.".. An
imposing procession, consisting of many
of the Grand Army of _ the Republic posts
in the State, the NatlonalGuard of Ohio,
Last Solemn Cites.
but two of the lights of the chandelier
above the head were extlngulihd in order
that *tlio chango might appear less no
ticeable, but every . one who viewed the
remains to-day . remarked the darkened
features and the ghastly lips. When tho
body was taken away thousands were
still in line, and tho committee in chargo
of arrangements was appealed to to allow
a further opportunity to view tho remains
to-morrow morning before they are taken
to the church. But this had to be denied
to them, and the casket may never be
opened again. *
pilgrimages in the days that are gone.
The blinds were drawn, but there wai no
outward token of the blow that .had
robbed it of its most precious possession.
The flowers bloomed on the lawn as they
did two weeks ngo. There 'wag not even
a bow of crane on the door when the
stricken widow was carried by Abner Mc-
Klnley and Dr.- Rlxey through It Into the
darkened home, from which the light for
her had flown forever. Only the hitching
post at the curb in front of the residence
had been swathed In black by the citizens
in order that it might conform tjvtlie gen
eral scheme of mourning decorations that
ha/1 been adopted. Had as was the proces
sion which bore the bQdy to tho court
house, where it lay in state this after
noon, it could not compare with the in
finite sadnef*s of tha't endless double line
of broken hearted people who streamed
steadily through the dimly lighted corri
dors of the building from the time tho
coffin was opened until it was taken home
to the sorrowing widow at nightfall. They
stepped softly lest their footfalls wake
their friend from his last long sleep. Tears
came unbidden to wet' the bier. Perhaps
it was the great change that had come
upon the countenance which moved them
more than the eight of the familiar fea
tures. The sl?ns of discoloration which
appeared upon the brow and cheeks yes
terday at the state ceremonial in the ro
tunda of the Capitol at "Washington had
deepened. The lips had become livid. All
Canton, the Home of the Late President, Deeply Mourns for the Beloved Friend and Fellow- Citizen
Who Departed for Buffalo Two Weeks Ago in the Best of Health and Spirits to '
Become the Victim of a Most Cowardly Assassin,
A A>'TON', Ohio, Sept. 18.— Tenderly
I I and reverently those who had known
fa William McKlnley best to-day re
fj | celved his martyred body into their
II arms. They had forgotten thu illus
\Jf trlous carter of the statesman In
the loss of a great personal friend
•who had arrown dear to them with the
passing of the years. They hardly noticed
the President of the United States or his
Cabinet or the generals and admirals In
their resplendent uniforms. The flag
draped casket which contained the body
of tbelr friend and fellow townsman held
all their thoughts. He had left them two
weeks ago this very day in the full tide
of strength of a glorious manhood, and
they had brought him back dead. Anguish
TU in the heart of every man, woman
and child. The entire population of the
little city and thousands from all over
Ohio, the foil strength of the National
Guard of the State — eight .regiments,
three batteries of artillery, one battalion
of engineers, 5000 men In all— the Gov
ernor, Lieutenant Governor and a Justice
of the Supreme Court, representing the
three branches of the State government,
were at the station to receive the remains.
. Canton in Deep Mourning.
The whole town was in deep black. The
only house In all this eohow stricken
city without a touch of mourning drapery
•was the eld. McKlnley cottage on North
Market street, to which so many dlstin
st-ished men In the country have made
OVERLOOK LIVING PRESIDENT IN RECEIVING
IN SOLEMN SORROW THE BODY OF THE DEAD
Continued on Pagre Two. : s " — -
feet with difficulty restrained the solid
wall of people. Canton had suddenly be
come a city of 100,000 and- a good por
tion of the people were in the streets. The
station Itself was cleared, a company of
soldiers of the Eighth Ohio from Worces
ter keeping the platform vacant. Oppo
site, over the. heads of acres of people, on
the wall of a manufacturing establish
ment, was an enormous shield thirty feet
high, with McKlnley's black-bordered pic
ture In the center. The local committee.
headed by ex-Secretary of State William
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 18.-The sight
was profoundly. Impressive as the
funeral train drew near to the little
'station at Canton at exactly noon
to-day. All about the station and
. banked ' deep in the ! surrounding
streets were' the friends and neighbors of
the martyred President, while drawn up
back of the {station were long lines of
militiamen at present. arms. Immediately
In. the > rear j of [the, station at the mouth
of Tenth street was Troop A of Cieve
land.- mounted, on, their black chargers,
keeping: the entrance of the line of march
clear:-. : ¦' :;" ; ¦ ' ; ' • •¦¦- -. • ¦¦- ¦
Ud the street soldiers at Interval* of tan
Old and Young Join the Vast Throng That
Passes Before Beloved Dead to View
the Face for the Last Time.
THOUSANDS VIEW BODY
AT CANTON COURTHOUSE
HOME OF. THE LIaTE PRESIDENT McKINLEY AT CANTON AND THE
HOLT EDIFICE! WHERE IMPRE88IVE FUNERAL. SERVICES OVKll
THE REMAINS OF THE'MARTYRED STATESMAN WILL. BE HHLD.
VOLUME XC— NO. 111.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER \19, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.At the meeting of the Cabinet yesterday
President Roosevelt amplified the an
nouncement which he made on taking the
oath by declaring specifically that the pol
icies which were outlined in Mr. McKin
ley's Buffalo speech were to be carried
out. In the language of the speech these
are. "Policies of good will and friendly
trade relations."
Policies Number Four.
They are four in number. Foremost Mr.
McKinley placed the policy of entering
Into reciprocity treaties with other na
tions and making concessions from the
high tariff rates of the Dingley law on
goods imported from foreign countries In
return for reciprocal concessions on goods
imported into these countries from the
Vnited States.
"If perchance," said he, "some of our
tariffs are no longer needed for revenue
or to encourage or protect our industries
at home, ¦why should they not be em
ployed to extend and promote our mar
ked abroad?"
The eecond policy for which Mr. Mc-
Kinley declared in this last speech of his
life was for the development of the mer
chant marine of the United States — for
more ships under the American flag, built
and manned and owned by Americans.
The third policy referred to in the Buf
falo speech was the construction of the
isthmian canal, and the fourth was the
laying of a Pacific cable. To these four
"policies of good will and friendly trade
relations" President Roosevelt specifically
pledged himself in his declaration to the
Cabinet yesterday. No public announce
ment has yet been made as to details or
methods to be pursued In carrying put
these policies, but the President's insist
ence that he shall be aided by the men
who were to have assisted Mr. McKinley
in the same work is accepted as an assur
ance that there will be no radical depart
ure from the methods which would have
been followed had Mr. McKinley survived.
Secretary Hay Stays.
Secretary of State Hay declared to-day
that it was his purpose to retain the
portfolio originally thanded him by Presi
dent McKinley. He said it is hia inten
tion to stay as long as he feels capable
of satisfactorily attending to the "Taff airs
of. the Department of State. There was
no time limit on the invitation of Mr.
Roosevelt, nor has Hay put any time
limit with respect to his service in
Roosevelt's Cabinet. Hay pointed out to
a man with whom he talked that his
views are entirely in accord with those
of .Xfee President. Hay understands that
Roosevelt is completely informed of the
negotiations. with Great Britain with re
spect to the construction of the isthmian
canal, and has thoroughly concurred in
the policy adopted by President McKln
ley. Hay feels that he can still be of
usefulness and that it would be most un
gracious for a member of the Cabinet
to resign . after the President's request.
In 'the new administration he will con
tinue without change the negotiations by
which the United States will be freed
from the embarrassing obligations im
posed 'upon it by the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. • . -
It is true that prior to his election as
Vice President, Roosevelt strongly op
posed the position against fortifying the
canal, but since he assumed that office
he has been frequently consulted respect
ing negotiations, and- It is understood
that' there is no difference between his
and Hay's view for a neutral waterway.
Other Questions Pending-.
There are other questions pending which
Hay will proceed to dispose of under the
policy adopted before McKinley's assas
sination. The most important is that re
lating to reciprocity. Special Reciprocity
Commissioner Kasson will probably re
sume his duties this fall. He will continue
the tentative negotiations initialed last
spring and will have several conventions
in shape for signature immediately after
the ratification of French, British and
Argentine treaties still before the Senate.
"Hay will direct the signature of the
treaty for the cession of the Danish West
Indies to the United States and the treaty
of friendship and navigation and com
merce with Spain, and will take steos for
a revision of the treaties existing between
the United States and China. Absolute
observance of the cardinal principles
enunciated by Hay in, his cable note of
July 1, 1900, with respect to China will
continue. - -'-• ' S =• -¦ :.;->'
THIRTY THOUSAND PEOPLE VIEW BODY
A\ question which -will shortly arise with
respect to China will be that relating to
Manchuria, and both Roosevelt and Hay
are in accord in the determination tofully
protect American interests in that region.
The controversies between Canada and
the United States will be amicably ar
ranged, it is hoped, as McKinley desired,
but while willing to make concessions In
some other matters neither Roosevelt nor
Hay is prepared to authorize the cession
of a single foot of Alaskan territory to
Great Britain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Good Will and Friendly Trade Relations 11 Is
the Keynote of the Plans of All the
Advisers of the Administration. "
Present Cabinet Membsrs Are Ready to Remain
in Office and Aid the New and Energetic
Chief Executive of the Nation.
ROOSEVELT HAS TAKEN
A MOST POPULAR STAND
Demand a Judge's Retirement.
• .GUTHRIE, O. T., Sept. IS.— Citizens of.
Norman. O. T., are demanding the resig
nation of Police Judge Overstreet because
he is reported to have said that It was a
shame ta arrest Emma Goldman, and
that It would be better for the poor .people
if McKinley had been killed long ago..
Praise for American Surgeons.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The British Medi
cal Journal, discussing the results of the
autopsy, says it is needless to assign any
influence to the escape _of pancreatic se
cretions or to a poisoned bullet, because
the mechanical conditions "amply account
for all disturbances found. , •'
The Journal testifies to the high rank
of American surgery and says: ¦"
"Success In such a case would hav»
been a triumph, and defeat Is not dis
grace." ¦ '
Services* in Brazil's Capital.
BIO JANEIRO, Sept. 18.— Mr. Dawson,
United States Charge d'Affaires in Rio
Janeiro, on behalf of President Roose
velt" tendered thanks to-day to President
Sallee Campos, to the President of the
Brazilian Senate and the Presidents of the
Senate and Chamber of Deputies of San
Paulo for their condolences upon the
death of Mr. McKinley. To-morrow me
morial services promoted by ,the Ameri
can colony in Rio Janeiro wiirbe held In
the Methodist church. The Government
will be represented .and all; the foreign
legations and consulates will be closed
while the serviced ire. in progress.
Sultan Cables Condolence,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— The Sultan
of Turkey, Abdul HamiiJ. has cabled to
the Secretary of State the following upon
the death of President McK'.nley:
"I have learned with emotion of the
tragic death of Mr. McKlnley. I beg to
express to you the deep share I take in .
the sorrow caused by this event." {*»
Apologizes to Cork Council.
CORK, Sept. 18.— At to-day's meeting of
the Common Council of Cork Alderman
Cave apologized for the reference he made
to the President McKinley last Fri
dav when he opposed a resolution ot
.sympathy proposed by Sir John Scott, de
claring that Mr. McKinley was no friend
of Ireland, but a friend of Great Britain.
He expressed deep regret at having taken
this attitude. The Common . Council then,
adopted a resolution expressing abhor
rence at the crime and sympathy with
Mrs McKinley and the American people.
HEARS T'S HEARTLESS
CARTOON OF WARNING
¦•,--•-' ¦ • ¦" . ¦ > . .. ¦• ...... \ .
/JEW YORK, Sept. ' io.— -The Press says: In one of the thousands of letters condemning the
iw New York Journal as the instigator of the assassination at Buffalo a reader has sent to the.
Press a cartoon cut from the New York Evening Journal of April i, iooi, entitled, "An Object
Lesson." The cartoon, perhaps, was the worst (if degrees may be calculated for such infamy) of
the malignant series to which attention has been called. Its reproduction would be impossible at
any time. It exhaled tKe breath of It warned William McKinley }o Jiave a care lest
he have to protect himself - zvith armor. V It held before his gaze the imbecile pictures of foreign
monarclis wlw Jived infedr\of bombs and dynamite. And in printed words the New York' Journal
told William McKinley to "Beware." . • /
A clownish Uncle S,am was pictured sitting in a rocking-chair smoking* a cig^ar. Near the
chair there was a caricature of McKinley of the kind that, yellotv journal readers have had put be
- fore their eyes day after day — -a caricature of the President so gross' and vile that the 'Press must
l forbear even a description of it now. In one hand Uncle Sam was pictured holding the full page of
: a newspaper to viezv—the newspaper appropriately labeled, '¦' 'Morning Journal". Across the top of
i the sheet was the caption, "Uneasy Lies the Head, That Wears a Crozun."
Directly under this were four pictures representing four rulers of Europe, their faces- given
" the likeness of the idiot or Half -wit. Puppet crowns sat on their heads. The idiotic expression of the
faces was combined with an expression of fear. Under the first of the monarch' s caricatures zvere
these words in the guise of nezvspaper head lines :"The Czar living in terror in '', armor-plated
; rooms." Under the second: "The Kaiser fears' a plot against him." Under the third: "The King
of Italy found dynamite under his palace." Under the fourth: • "f he Sultan in great fear of as
sassination." . - : v ' ;
And under the whole' cartoon': "Beware of imperialism, William, took at these four horri
'ble examples." : . * • > ; •-•¦'¦ .
There in that picture was to be seen the essence of all that of which the public now declares
'the Nezv York Journal guilty— -ridicule of the President of the United /States, exploitation of - tlie
¦New York Journal, as suggesting force: to^ anarchy, ; conveying- of the spirit of regicide to. the people of
;fl republic— -and, above, all, the warning of the editor of the paper: "Beware of imperialism, William.
J T Look at these horrible examples.'',- /[ ¦ : \ ' - : —-; T - r ; -: . ,y .
Why Casket We s Closed.
CANTON. Sept. IS.— Among those at the
courthouse to-day while the body of the
late President lay in statu was the funeral
director of Buffalo who embalmed tha
body and came on here to transfer the
duties to the local funeral director. He
had received a dispatch, from hi3 busi
ness partner at Buffalo ttaying that some
comment was being made concerning the
haste with which the casket was closed
owing to the condition o:: the embalming
He stated, however, that the condition of
the. remains after the autopsy made It Im
perative to properly perform the usual of
fices of embalming, and he asked In jus
tice to himself and his assistants, that
this fact be stated on his authority. »
Americans Assemble in Berlin.
BERLIN, Sept. 18.— The American col
ony met at the United States Embassy
at 3 o'clock this afternoon to express sym
pathy and condolence on the death of Mr.
McKinley. General Schwan and many
ladies were present. Secretary Jackson
made the opening speech, and William E.
Curtis read an address in which the late
President's greatness, goodness and
kindness were referred to. Mr. Curtis
Dictured him as the workingman's friend,
and said it was incredible that he should
meet his fate at the workingman's hand.
The speaker condemned America, s na-r
tional liberality toward degenerates who
seek to destroy society and kill kings.
R. Day and Judge Grant, was on the plat
form.
All about were the black symbols of
mourning. The approach of the train was
unheralaed. No whistle was blown, no
bell was rung. In absolute silence It
rolled into the station. Even the biack
hooded locomotive gave no sound. There
was no panting of the exhaust pipes. The
energy that brought it seemed to have
been absolutely expended. At the mere
sight of the train people who had been
waiting there for hours were greatly al
fected. Women sobbed and men wept. .
Arrival of the Train.
For a full minute after it had stopped
no one appeared. Judge Day and his com
mittee moved slowly down the platform
in front of the line of soldiers to the cata
falque car and waited. Suddenly Abner
McKinley, in deep black, his face drawn
and tense, appeared in the vestibule ot
the car next to that conveying the re
mains and a moment later Dr. Klxey ap
peared, half carrying a frail and broken
lorm. It was Mrs. McKinley, arrayed In
itie deepest mourning.
Beneath the heavy black veil she held
her handkerchief to her eyes and her
slight figure shook convulsively. Gently
she was lifted from the car and supported
by Dr. Rlxey and Abner McKinley waa
practically carried to a carriage in wait
ing at the east end of the station. The
dcor of the carriage was closed and Mrs.
McKinley was driven hurriedly to her
home on North Market street, which she
had left only two weeks ago, her distin
guished husband in the full vigor of man
hood. Colonel Bingham, the President's
aid, then gave directions for the removal
of the casket from the car. The coffin
was too large to be taken through the car
and a broad window at the side was un
screwed and removed. While this was
going on the floral pieces inside were
carefully lifted out and placed upon the
ground at the side of the track. -. ..
When all was ready the soldiers and
sailors who had accompanied the remains
all the way from Buffalo emerged rrom
the car and took- up their - places. -- Tho
soldiers trailed their arms at their sides
and the sailors had their drawn cutlasses.
Only the body-bearers were bareheaded
and unarmed. Meantime President Roose
velt, with his brother-in-law. Captain
Cowles of the navy, in full uniform, at
his side, had descended from the car
ahead of that occupied by Mrs. McKinley.
The members of the Cabinet, Secretary
tJortelyou, Governor Nash. Lieutenant
Governor Caldwell and Judge Marshall J.
Williams of the Supreme Court, represent
ing the three branches of the State gov
ernment of Ohio, followed.
Simple Flag on Casket.
The President was met by Judge Grant
of the reception committee and the official
party moved to the west of the station,
where they formed In line, with the Presi
dent at the head. All ¦were uncovered
The casket was then lifted through the
window and taken upon the shoulders of
the body-bearers. Only the flag was on it
now. At sight of it tears came" unbidden
and flowed freely. The sad procession was
then formed. It was headed by Colonel
Bingham tn full uniform, a bow of crape
fct the hilt of his sheathed sword. Pol
lowing and Immediately preceding the
casket was the local committee, headed
by Judge Day. >..,¦-.• •
.Then came the soldiers and sailors
Slowly they moved down the platform
to the turn at the western end of the
station, where the President and Cabinet
stood. As they reached the head of this
line a clear -drawn bugle call sounded a
requiem. Before. the President and Cabi
net and the Ohio officials the coffin was
then borne to the hearse. When it had
bcon placed inside xhe President and the
official party entered carriages. Mean
time Admiral Dewey, Lieutenant General
Miles and the other high officers of tKe
«rmr and aivr, who composed the guard
of honor, had moved around to the east
side of the station. They also entered
carriages and took their place in the
larger procession that was forming. All
were attired in the full uniform of their
ranks. ' . . .
The shrill notes of the bugle had given
the first sign to the waiting multitude
outside the station that the casket was
approaching. Instantly the long lines of
soldiers became rigid, standing at pre
sent arms. The black horses of the
Cleveland troop, immediately facing the
station, stood motionless, their riders
with eabers lowered. Slowly through the
entrance came the stalwart soldiers and
sailors with solemn tread, bearing aloft
tho flag-covered coffin of the man this
city loved so well. As it came Into view
a great sigh went up . from the dense
throng. After the -first glance many of
the men and women turned away to hide
the emotion ;. which they could not re
strain, .i ¦
When the casket had been consigned to
the hearse three mounted troopers gave
the signal for the melancholy procession
to move. A moment later the sound of
"Nearer,. My God, . to Thee" floated
through the air, as the Grand Army
veterans . with their band swung into
line and took up the march toward the
Courthouse. Through Tenth street and
Into Cherry and Tuscarawas the line
moved between solid masses of people,
banked from curb to store front, • crowd
ing the housetops and filling every win
dow. Turning into Market street, the
main thoroughfare of the city, the pro
cession moved under great curtains of
mourning, strung from building to build
ing across the street every , hundred feet.
Hush in tho Crowd.
A majestically solemn spectacle - was
presented as the procession neared the
public square In the center of the city.
Alter the Grand Army came the Cleve
land-troop in their brilliant uniforms of
Austrian hussars, with tall bearskin
shakos, topped by pompons of. white.
At the hilt of every sword streamed a
long band of crape and the tiny silk
guidon was topped with a long black
streamer.
Immediately ' following ' the 'mounted
troops came the hearse bearing Its flag
covered burden. This was the eight that
cent a hush along the dense long lines
of humanity stretching for I a mile away
to the Courthouse. ¦ As the casket passed
every head was bowed and every face
evidenced the great personal grief which
had come upon the community. .
Immediately following the hearse came
the carriage of President Roosevelt, who
rode with his brother-in-law, Captain
Cowles, and Secretary Gage. After the
carriages of 'the other members of the
Cabinet and those who had been near
to the late .President In public life
marched the National Guard of Ohio. As
the head of the procession reached the
great square of the - city the military
ranks swung about, forming solid fronts
facing the approaching hearse. As it was
driven to the curb the bearers stepped
from the places alongside and again took
up their burden. The casket was raised
and borne up the wide stone steps lead
ing to the entrance of the Courthouse.
The strains of "Nearer, My God,, to
Thee," were still sounding as the flag
draped cofQn disappeared 1 within the
building. •
President Roosevelt alighted from his
carriage and took the . arm of Secretary
Gage. The other.' Cabinet officers joined
them at the curb and then two and two,
with uncovered heads, they moved in pro
cession up the steps into the. building-
After them came the other public men
who were on the train. Major General
Brooke, in the full ' uniform of his high
rank, marched at" the head of the repre
fentatlves of the army, which included
Major General Otis and Major , General
MacArthur. Among the conspicuous fig
ures of the naval service were Rear Ad
v".^ 1 ,,, CrowninBhield Rear Admiral
O'Neill, Rear Admiral. Kenty and Briga-
dence of Mrs. George D. Harter on Mar
ket street. A company of the Ohio militia,
guards the house. . During the afternoon
the President walked over to the McKin
ley residence to inquire for Mrs. McKin
ley. He was informed that she had stood
the trio from Washington bravely, but in
the opinion of the physician It would not
be advisable for her to attempt to attend
the services at the church to-morrow. Sh»
will, therefore, remain quietly at 't*CT»
with Dr. Rixey. The other Cabinet oOT-*
eers and the generals and admirals com
prising the guard of honor are also at ,
private residences. President Roosevelt
and the official party will start on the re
turn journey to Washington at 7 o'clock
to-morrow nieht.
Secretary Cortelyou will return to
Washington with the President to-mor
row night to gather up the late Presi
dent's personal effects and will return
later to Canton to aid Mr3. McKinley to
straighten out his private affairs. Presi
dent Roosevelt remained quietly at tho
Harter residence this evening, but many
prominent officers and Government offi
cials as well as other, distinguished peoplw
who are here to attend the funeral called
to pay their respects.
?
Close Call for a:a Italian.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. IS.— Much excite
ment was caused In the public square to
day while the people were assembling
there to view the remains. Some one ac
cused an Italian, who afterward grave his
name as Carmlns Devlatro, of saying he
would kill President Roosevelt. The man.
who could speak hardly a word of Eng
lish, became frightened and answered
"yes" and "no" at random to the ques
tions that were volleyed at him, invarla-'j
b!y giving the wrong answer, and in a"?
moment a great crowd had surrounded
him and the cry of "Lynch him!" was
raised. Major Marquis with a. company of
Ohio militia formed a hollow square and
rescued the man, who was taken to police
headquarters for his own protection. The
police do not believe the man contem
plated harm.
the public and preparations made . fox-re
moving the body to the -McKmley resi
dence, seven squares from the Coar.
house Canton Commandery of tha
d A R. acted as escort, and there was
no following. Arrived at the house the
escort formed in line in the street, pre
senting arms, while the coffin, borne b>
thB hodv bearers, was ta*en Into tne
house ° It was placed in .the front parlor
where it will remain until it Is removed
to tne church to-morrow afternopn.
Guards were posted around the house to
night and a number of sentries are
placed in the front yard.
1TEW YORK MERCHANTS
"WROTH^AQJLnTST HEABST
Stock and Produce Exchanges ana
the Fire Underwriters De
nounce the Journal. .
-NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The Press says:
That great business institutions . of New
York are thoroughly aroused to the ne
cessity of destroying the influence for evil
of Hearst's Journal was shown yesterday
in the action taken In the
change, by the Board of Fire Underwrit
ers and by expressions of the members
of the New York Stock Exchange. On all
sides Heart's yellow sheets are held to
have been the chief agent in instigating
the assassination of the President and
there is a wholesome determination that
hereafter Hearst's publications shall be
rlad only by those who espouse the cause
O£ In?he C Produce Exchange a petition was
circulated asking that the Journal be ex
cluded from the files and It obtained the
«i "natures of all the members on the
floor In the Cotton Exchange it was an
nounced that the Journal was long ago
excluded from- the flies and that it will
never receive any recognition. - The mem
bers of the Stock Exchange began work
for the exclusion of Hearst's newspaper
and a formal petition, if necessary, will
be handed to the governing committee.
The New York Board of Fire Underwrit
ers formally in resolutions denounced the
teachings of yellow journals and declared
Sat SI death of the President could be
traced directly to the teachings of
Hearst's newspapers^
I N response to sentiments expressed
i -by the membership,, the Burlingame
; . Club has excluded the yellow jour :
; • nals . from its premises.' , In the
I Olympic Club yesterday- a protest
j was put up against the further tol
» eration of the anarchistic t press. The
members of the Concordia Club, impa
tient over the delay of the directors in
taking action to banish the yellow papers
from the clubhouse, expressed their feel
ing by removing the anarchistic publican
tions from the tables of, the reading
room. The directors will act officially at
a meeting of the board to be held before
October 1. The Cosmos,. Merchants and
clier General Hay wood, commander, of the
marine c*rps< ,, •;--?'Y-:-~-~.5-.r:s~-~ «^ .¦" c'V
S<T2ne in jthe Courthpuselvf/i X
With the notes of "Nearer, My God, to
Thee" following them, faintly through the
doorway, the body-bearers bore tho coffin
into the rotunda of the courthouse a little
before 1 o'clock. The walls and ceilings
were hung with dark crape, it being gath
erad into folds nt either corner of the ro
tunda, A single chandelier gave addi
tional light to the «im rays that passed
through the doorway. Beneath the clus
ter of electric lights stood the catafalque
upon ¦which the casket was to rest.
Moving elowly the bearers placed the
coffin on its support. Then they swung
slowly around so that they faced to the
east. The silk banner lying over the
casket was drawn back, the wreaths
which rested upon its head were removed
and the coffin lid was t2fcen off. Word
was finally passed to President Roosevelt
and, followed by his Cabinet, he stepped
into the hall. He glanced down as he
reached the casket, halted for the space
of a breath and went on. The members
of the Cabinet lollowed him, one by one.
The President passed out to his carriage,
which bore him at once to the residence
of Mrs. Elizabeth Harter, where he •will
remain during his stay in Canton The
Cabinet officials, most of whom will also
remain at Mrs. Harter's home,' followed
immediately after. >>*• •
After the President had gone the officers
of the army and navy, headed by Gen
eral Miles and General Brooke, who
walked together, passed out and entered
their carriages. When everything was
ready for. the public to enter Joseph Sax
ton, uncle of Mrs. McKinley, an aged
man, bowed . deeply with the weight of
years, entered! from the east . hall and
walked up to the casket. He stood for
of- signatures. Some years ago Hearst
was requested to resign from that club.
The president of the Institution sent the
request by registered letter to Hearst in
New York,- but the latter made no reply.
Leading citizens who are identified with
prominent social clubs hold that if posi
tive expression of opinion is not given
the silence or inaction will be construed
as a passive tolerance of the teachings
of anarchy. Measures for the exclusion
of the -yellow Journals are advocated for
the purpose of. giving expression to the
American sentiment of abhorrence for
the gospel of anarchy. Club men of their
own motion and suggestion have elected
to adopt this form of rebuking the yel
low press.
'; "I ; fqught In his regiment during the
war,'l-he v? eaid,-- i l'and I -Just ''want to lay
thfs ' flag r on" his coffin and then keep it as
a,reminder of the time I saw him last:"
"Take it in,"; said the sentry, and the
veteran hobbled into the hall. When he
got inside he. had more trouble and was
compelled to explain. his errand several
times. Finally the line passing the cof
fin .was stopped. long enough to allow tfcc
old man to step to its side tor a glance
into the coffin, and to lay his tiny flag on
its glass front. Then he turned back with
the crowd, hugging the now sanctified flag
tightly beneath his coat.
Tribute of Schoolgirls.
At one time a group of schoolgirls ap
proached the casket. There were six of
them and they, came three abreast. One
of the forward row leaned over for a Iook
and, gently disengaging rrom the bosom
of her dress a scarlet geranium, laid it
gently on the top of the wreaths that
were resting there. The others followed
her example, and although the sentries
had orders to permit nobody to place any
thing upon the coffin or to touch the
floral offerings that were already there,
the little tributes of the girls were al
lowed to remain, and they were still on
the top of the coffin when it was carried
through the door on its way to McKin
ley's cottage on North Market street. All
through the afternoon the crowd passe-1
the catafalque,' approximately at the rate
of 100 a minute, -making in the five hours
in which the body lay in state a total of
30,000 people, practically a number equal
to the actual population of Canton.
When the doors were closed at 6 o'clock
the line, four abreastr stretched fully one
mile, from the Courthouse, and people
were coming from the side streets to take
their places in line.
At 6 o'clock the doors were closed to
San Francisco " clubs have excluded .the
Examiner from their • respective club
rooms. • ','•-. ¦ .:-<¦. v.v . ..\- '¦>;¦¦
There was a meeting of the Marine En
gineers' Beneficial Association No.'- 35
night before last to adopt , suitable reso
lutions of respect to the ' memory of
President McKinley. ". After \ the adoption
of ) the memorial a dozen members arose
to move for the , exclusion of the Exam
iner from, the reading-room . of theasso
ciatibn. The chair ruled that the motion
could not .be. entertained at that time,
but^ would be in order at the 'meeting
next, Tuesday, evening. ;:,..;. '>.".•
The petition in the Paciflc-Union .Club
asking for the-- resignation or expulsion
of William R. Hearst bears a; long list
fully two' minutes gazirg upon -the face";
of--l-.is :^disitingti4£hed - klwjnan.-
pas3e«l"':slowlyf,lfown'XtUw hall, • his? head-
howfd 1 low, ;i hia 'lips twitching conviilsive-^ r
ly. , Then the <16er was .opened to thepub
llc.¦-;¦ Manyof'the people' as they, looked
upon the face 'rot their dead friend, whom
they had seen- just two "weeks ago in full
health, caught' their. 'breath at the change
that was there' .The President's face was
.much thinner than they had expected- it
would be. ami/ the sight that met their
eyes shocked them greatly. No delay was
permitted, and fully 150 people, a minute
passed the .bier. • .-. ; .
Human Tide at the Bier.
As the people hurried by the bier they
gave expression to suppressed exclama
tions of anguish at the sight of the
pinched face lying there in the coffin. It
was not the face they had known so
well, and almost without exception the
people turned j away regretful that thay
had not retained in their minds that"pic
ture of manly vigor which they knew so
well. Many of his nearest friends re
frained from looking upon the face, pre
ferring to preserve the memory of him as
in life.
Late in the afternoon an aged man
leaning upon two crutches, which he
managed with difficulty, appeared at the
door through which the people were mak
ing their exit. He asked the sentry to
allow 'him to enter, and when the sol
dier refused, saying that he had received
orders to allow nobody through that
door, the old man stood back, the picture
of woe. In a short time he again asked
the young sentry In pleading tones to al
low-him entrance through the doorway,
saying that in his feeble condition he was
not able to stand in line, which at that
time was extending fully a mile from the
entrance.
Continued From Page One.
Burlingame Club Rejects the £ xa^miner--Members,of . the Concordia Express
Their Sentiments-iProtestyn thejOlympic. r
AGITATION IN THE LEADING CLUBS TO EXCLUDE
YELLOW ANARCHISTIC PRESS FROM READING-ROOMS
nHICAGO. Sept. IS.— Magistrate Prin
diville to-day decided to allow
Emma Goldman, the anarchist, her
freedom until the case comes up for
y hearing, under bonds of $20,000. Her
attorneys said they had secured
$15,000, and immediately left the
courtroom to seek the additional money
necessary. Meanwhile Miss Goldman was
led back to the women's annex at . the
Harrison-street station. She was visibly
disappointed at the amount of bond re
quired.
"I guess they thought they would make
the bond so big I could not furnish it,"
she said, "but I have friends the police
know nothing about, and I'll be out of
here by night."
The hearing of Miss Goldman's case on
the charge of "conspiracy to murder
President McKinley" was spt for to-mor
row. Her counsel, however, learning that
there would be no session of the court to
morrow because of the President's fu
neral, decided at a conference to take the
matter before a Magistrate to-day. The
matter of Mis3 - Goldman's guilt or in
nocence of the charge against her was not
mentioned, as Judge .Prindiville had de
cided to follow the example of Judge
Chetlain, who has the cases of the other
anarchists before him. • ¦
Mi3s Goldman wa3 exceedingly cheerful
when shs was brought into court by
Chief Matron. Keegan, and chatted vi
vaciously with her attorneys, Messrs. Sal
tiel, Geeting and Brown. . .
Mr. Geetmg, for Miss Goldman, ad
dressed the court first. He said that
while the defense was willing to allow
the police every opportunity to secure
evidence against Miss Goldman, -as well
as the other anarchists, he was confident
that Miss Goldman wag entitled -under
the law to "freedom, under bonds.
"I can assure this court," said the law
yer,' "that my client, if under no bond
at all other than her word, .would appear
before this court whenever desired.
, John E. Owens, representing the city
prosecutor, advanced no objection to ban
being allowed, but pleaded that because
of the importance of the case the bond
be made'as heavy as possible, in accord-
ance with the Illinois statutes. Miss Gold
man has not yet furnisied the bend.
Lawyers for tne Assassin.
BUFFALO, Sept. lS.-Loren L. Lewis
and Robert C. Titus Lave accepted the
cssignment of Judge Emery in the
County Court, to act as: counsel for Leon
fvXosz during his trial for murder in
the Irit degref for tho killing of Presi
dent McKinley. Judge Titus will return
from Milwaukee on Friday and will then
consult with Judge Lewis and determine
the line of defense to be pursued Both
of the attorneys have^ been prominent in
public life in New York State Judge
Lewis served two term* in the State Sen
ate and fourteen years: on the Supreme
Court bench, four of which were as a
member of the old general term of that
° Judge Titus was District Attorney c! this
county for three years, was a State Sen
a'tor for two terms and was elected, as a
Judge of the Superior Court of Buffalo,
the last four years ot his term beiny
served as a Supreme Court Justice, after
the abolishment of the Superior Court by
the Constitutional Convention iv • MM.
r'-'clgosz is now confined In the Ens
County Jail. He is kept in close confln?
mentin the tier of cells set apart for
murderers and is under guard nigh* and
day He is not allowed to read or smoke,
and* the guards are not allowed to ,con>
verse with him. No one but hi3 attorneys
will be allowed to see iiim. j
Anarchists in Danger. j
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. Sept. IS.— Several
anarchists live here and the Chicasd po
lice a few days ago re-juested that \ they
be watched. To-day three men wenf into
a trunk factory, dragged the proprietor
Fred Young, Into the stieet, and assaulted
him Young says he is a socialist and not
an aharchist. His place is under police
protection and further violence is feared.
M H TIchenor. editor of the New Dis
pensation, a publication with anarchist
tendencies, has left the city on the ad
vice of the police. To-night in the cen
ter of the tmbllc square an anarctust
effigy was hanged. It had cards on it
saying "Death to Anarchy." Later n
was burned before a great crowd..
OVERLOOK LIVING PRESIDEUT.
Woman Accused of Being a Party to a Con
•spiracy Against the Life of President
McKinlev Chats Merrily in Court.
Notorious Anarchist May Be Soon Released From
the Chicago Prison on Presentation of
Twenty Thousand Dollar Bond.
EMMA GOLDMAN WEARY
OF LIFE BEHIND BARS
WILL TRY TO GARRY OUT ALL OF MCKINLEY'S POLICIES AND PROMISES
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY ; SEPTEMBER 19 V 1901.
Continued From Page One.
nALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. IS-—
"William McKinley was the choice
of the people of the United States
yfor President and the country is en
titled to have his policies carried
out as nearly as possible on Iine3
which would have been followed if "he
had lived."
This is the idea which President Roose
velt has had continually in mind ever
since Mr. McKinley's death. It prompted
his declaration on taking the oath that
the policies of the late President were to
be carried out. His first step was to in
sist upon each one of the late President's
advisers remaining in office. This insist
ence was so strong that no one of the
men who had aided - Mr. McKinley in
formulating his policies felt at liberty to
refuse to aid Mr. Roosevelt in carrying
them out. He also urged Secretary. Cor
telyou to remain in office, and It can ¦ be
announced that Mr. Cortelyou will re
main and will give the new President the
benefit of his intimate knowledge of the
intentions of Mr. McKinley not only as to
broad policies but also as to appointment
to office, for in this respect, too, the inten
tions of the late President are to be car
ried out and promises that had been made
are to be fulfilled. " .. '
Herrick Gets a Mission.
Myron T. Herrick of Cleveland is to be
appointed Embassador to Italy whenever
it suits .Embassador Allen to carry out
Ins declared intention of resigning.
William Barret Rmgley. of Illinois is to
be appointed to succeed Charles G. Dawes
as Comptroller of the Currency when the
resignation of the latter takes effect -on
October 1, and various promises of ap
pointments to- less important places are
lo be fulfilled.
2
CURB MUST BE PLACED
ON YELLOW JOURNALISM
pHICAGO, Sept.- 18,—The Epzvorth Herald, of which the Rev. Dr. J. P. -Berry is editor ;Js
:*/ a weekly Methodist paper with a circulation of nearly 150,000 and goes all over the -world.
Itiwill print: the follozuing editorial, in its issue of September 21, under the: caption, "Making
Anarchists": . J'
v "It is now clear that Czolgosz is not a lunatic i but an anarchist. It is said he learned his
anarchistic sentiments', from .Emma Goldman. That woman has done much harm. Biiijt is, more
than probable that this /man, whom every American loathes, got some of his education Jrpm certain
daily papers which are. widely circulated in the. centers of population. ... '
'. J' Cartoons in these papers are only a trifle more dangerous than their [editorial utterances.
They array class against class and 'promote bitterness which logically ends Mi open and destructive
violence. • ''
; "Every wild-eyed socialist, every blatant anarchist r3ads these inflammatory' sheets with
delight He is strengthened in his war against all authority. He concludes his industrial and
political vagaries are indorsed in places of influence. It is no wonder we have anarchy in New
York and Chicago. Indeed, it is a wonder we do not have more of it. / ¦}:¦
• : r ¦¦''' "We do not risk much in asserting' that murderous Czolgoss had filled his head with this
sort of incendiarism. His ace zuas that of a man zvith a diseased brain and an utterly, illogical idea
that social inequalities can be changed by the murder of rulers:
: "The publication of these damnable cartoons has no excuse in disease or ignorance.
They are incendiary attacks against law and order by persons intelligent enough to know wrong,
but reckless of the results of such inflammatory and diabolical incentives to do evil.
"In view of the murderous assault upoyi the President zue wonder what the publishers of
the Chicago American, the New York Journal and the Detroit Evening Nezvs think of the teach
ings of their papers during the past feiv months. ¦-¦:'
- "Such papers should be compelled eo cease to\ 'incite- hatred against men who have at
famed prominence in commercial and political life or be ¦ suppressed. Liberty of the press is
one thing. Unbridled license to promote the spirit of anarchy, is another." > •
PR. .SCBXETMAyN'S REMEDIES.
.CURE FOR ASTHMA.
Discovery of a Leading Physician.
Public Test Will He Made at
Bryan's Drogstors To-Day.
All day to-day free sample packages of
the celebrated "Schlffmann's Asthma
Cure" will be given away at "William J.
Bryan's drugstore, S New Montgomery
street.
The doctor wants every sufferer from
Asthma, Hay Fever or Bronchitis In this
city to call and get one. When asked re-
garding his reasons for giving his remedy
away in this manner ho said: "People
are naturally skeptical about an asthma
remedy and w^en you consider tho num-
ber of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now I claim that
my Cure cures. It will instantly relieve
the most violent attack. It has- perma-
nently cured thousands who had been
considered incurable. If I did not believe
it why should I be giving It away? The
sufferer who gets a sample package can
tell in two minutes whether It is as I rep-
resent It. and It does net rest him a cent.
That is fair, -isn't itr*
It certainly does not look as If any-
thing could be fairer. Those living out of
town can get a free sample by writing
and Inclosing a 2-cent Btamp to Dr. R.
Schlffmann, 370 Jackson utreet, St. Paul.
.Minn., up to September M rr* 'ater. -^GUARDS
MAY HEAR
CRITICISM
MEN WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT PART IN THE McKINLEY OBSEQUIES.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— As Magistrate
Cornell was leaving the Essex Market
court to-day ho was accosted by a man
who spoke 3neeringly of a moutrning
.band - which the magistrate wore on his
left sleeve in memory of President Mc-
Kinley. The magistrate at once arrested
the. man and took him back into the
court, where he said he 'was William A.
Davis, ' a shoemaker, of Troy, N. Y. Mag
istrate " Cornell sentenced him to Black
well's Island for two months.
Judge Sends TTi-m, to Jail.
In none of the official reports so far
made does It appear that the secret ser
vice men took any part in the arrest,
though they demanded- that the prisoner
be turned over to them after he had been
disarmed. From photographs which have
been placed in the President's hand» the
secret service men appear more as mem
bers of the receiving party or as specta
tors than as officers on duty looking out
for dangers that threatened the life of
McKinley. t
President Roosevelt will Investigate the
bureau to determine whether the men
there employed are experienced detec
tives. ¦ If the men are merely placeholders
the President will give the bureau a se
vere shaking up.
It appears from reports made to the
President that the secret service men who
were with McKinley were not men with
such experience as to be entrusted with
such duties. They were not detectives
acquainted with criminal methods, nor
were they alert in their duty as guards to
the President. They did not even accom
plish the arrest of the assassin, as ap
pears from the report of Captain. Wisser
of the Seventy-third Coast Artillery,
whose men weie on duty and disarmed
Czolgosz after the negro Parker had
struck him down.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— One of the first
matters President Roosevelt will
take up after his return from Can
ton will be in relation to the protec
tion afforded the late President by
th^e secret service. President Roose
velt has already given some consid
eration to this matter and from an ac
count of an. eye-witness to McKir.ley's
assassination he has most serious doubts
regarding the efficiency and value o:' the
protection given his predecessor. "
: BLOOMING 'PRAIRIE, Minn... Sept. 18.
—The safe In the bank of J. C. Brainerd
& Co. was blown open by cracksmen last
night.' Between $4000 and $5000 in cur
rency was taken. .,-
Cracksmen Open a Safe.
; SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 18.— It is sup
posed that the body of Albert Buelna is
floating, .in -.the. channel to-night. This
afternoon he escaped from a sick bed
.while in .delirium and> his hat, coat and
shoes were found at the end of the pleas
ure wharf late this evening. The boy
: was about 20 years of age and the son of
LJus Buelna. a merchant of this city.
Ends Life ;While Delirious.
From those who accompanied her on the
train it was learned she bore up as well
CANTON, O., Sept. 18.— Mrs. McKinley,
immediately' upon . reaching the North
Market street home, retired to her. room,
denying herself to all. Dr. Rixey said
she had borne the trip from Washington
very well, although she frequently gave
way to her grief. Dr. Rixey said at 1
o'clock that he thought Mrs. McKinley
would be able to go through her part In
the funeral \ arrangements to-morrow.'
MRS. McKINLEY BEARS
HER BURDEN BRAVELY
Widow of the Martyred President
Secluded in Her Home in
Canton.
Fan-American Gates Will Close.
. BUFFALO, Sept. 18.— The board, of di
rectors of 'the' Pan-American Exposition
has decided to close the gates to-morrow.
N'EW YORK. Sept. 18.— The Press says:
For the purpose of obtaining an au
thoritative opinion on the responsibility,
legal as well as moral, of the incendiary
vellow Journalism of William R. Hearst
the Press has submitted various copies
of that publication to and requested an
opinion from Delancey Nicoll, who, when
District Attorney of the County of New
York, prosecuted and convicted John
Most the anarchist, who served two
terms in the penitentiary. It is the opin
ion of Mr. Nicoll that William R. Hearst,
editor of the New York Journal, can be
held legally as well as morally responsi
ble for any crime resulting from his pub
lications which tend to excite and inflame
th* evilly disposed to acts of violence and
criVae. and that if it can be shown that
Czolgofz was a reader of the. Journal in
citements and acted In response to them
FIXES RESPONSIBILITY
ON YELLOW JOURNALISM
Attorney Who Convicted Anarchist
Most Speaks of Causes of the
Assassination .
The card bore no signature. It Is thought
it came from anarchists at Hoboken, as
State detectives and secret ¦ service men
have been keeping a close watch on them
since the shooting of President McKinley.
"You want to keep quiet and keep your
detectives away from here, or you will get
what McKinley got. We are looking for
your kind."
TRENTON, N. J.. Sept. 18.-Governor
Voorhees .to-day received a postal card
marked Hoboken, N. J.. which read as
follows:
GOVERNOR RECEIVES
A THREATENING CARD
New Jersey's Executive Advised to
Keep Quiet or Share McKin
ley's Fate.
Three Months for Mr. Walsh.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Sept. 18.— Robert
May Be Tarred and Feathered.
QUENEMO. Kans., Sept. 18.— William
Graham, a section hand, who made re-
j NEW , "i ORK, Sept. 18.— Alfred Danz
chall, a Dane, aged 52 years, was to-day
sent to jail at Plainfield, N. J., for sixty
days in default of a fine of $60 imposed
upon him for. abusive language directed
against the late President McKinley.
Insult Sends Him to Jail.
: PHOENIX, Sept. 18.— Phoenix Lodge of
Elks to-night determined to request every
lodge In the United States to join with it
in including the name of the dead Presi
dent in the list of brothers for whom spe
'cial memorial services are to be held on
the annual memorial day, occurring in De
cember.
Suggestion to Elk Lodges.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 18.— By orders from
President Schwab of the United States
Steel Corporation all of the mills of the
Carnegie Company, National Steel, Amer
ican Steel Hoop. American Sheet Steel.
American Steel and Wire, American Tin
Plate, American Bridge, Federal Sheet
and Tube companies, employing 150,000
men, will be closed to-morrow in honor
of the memory of President McKinley.
Many independent mills, the Westing
house interests, glass factories and all the
coal mines in this district will be closed,
as well as the exposition, theaters, city,
county and State offices and business
houses. .
Mills Will Be Closed.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— Mrs. Roosevelt
arrived in this city at 3 o'clock this after
noon en route to Oyster Bay. She was ac
companied by her son, Theodore Jr., and
Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate
WASHINGTON, Sept.' IS.— Mrs. Theo
dore Roosevelt left to-day for her home
at Oyster Bay. She will return next week
and take up her residence at the execu
tive mansion. ". "
Mrs. Roosevelt on Journey Home.
"I was very much Impressed with the
solemnity of the occasion and the deep
feeling of all the people who were present
and their manifestation of sincere grief."
Mr. Cleveland also said that he found
it impossible to attend the public memo
rial service to be held in Philadelphia to
morrow night.
PRINCETON, N. J., Sept. 18.-Ex-Presi
dent Grover Cleveland speaking of" the
McKinley obsequies at "Washington to
day said: -
Obsequies Impress Cleveland.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. IS.— After a ride
of three days or. horseback through the
wilds cf Idaho and four and a half days
on railroad trains United States Senator
Penrose arrived home at midnight and
left this morning for-Canton to attend the
funeral of President McKinley. Senator
Penrose had been on a two months' hunt
ing trip, and started for the :East the mo
ment the: news of the shooting of the
President was conveyed to him.
RIDES THROUGH WILDS
TO ATTEND FUNERAL
Senator Penrose Makes a Dash
From Idatio Forests to
Reach Canton.
NEW: YORK.' Sept. 18.— The Commercial
Cable Company and the Postal Telegraph
Company will suspend business on all
their wires between 3:30 and 3:35 p. m.
(Eastern time) to-morrow as a mark of
respect to the dead President.
Telegraph Wires to Be Silent.
This afternoon an article prepared by
Superintendent of Schools Cooley. on the
life and character of President McKinley
and the enormity of the crime which
Czolgosz committed in assassinating him,
was read in all the public schools.
The memorial parade to-morrow will be
made up of representatives of practi
cally every civic and military organiza
tion In Chicago. The 800 regulars at Fort
Sheridan, including the Twenty-first bat
tery of artillery, under Colonel Van Horn,
will also be in line. Memorial services
will be held in all' the churches. Exten
sive preparations are being made for
mass meetings to be held in the Coliseum
Sunday afternoon and evening in memory
of the dead President.
CHICAGO. Sept. 18.— Mayor Harrison
to-day "requested that all business be sus
pended to-morrow from 2:30 p. m. to 2:35
p. m. He asked that only such work as
was absolutely necessary be done. Min
isters of the city are requested to see that
during this cessation of the city's pulse,
in honor of the memory of the nation's
dead, all church bells toll, alone break
ing .the silence of the mourning city.
CHICAGO'S BUSINESS
WILL BE SUSPENDED
Mayor Harrison Requests That Work
Be Stopped and Church Bells
Tolled.
"William Jeffords. After a couple of
hours' .shopping Mrs. Roosevelt and her
son. left for Oyster Bay.
marks against the late President McKin
ley, was ordered by the Mayor to-night
to leave at once. If he is here to-morrow
the people say he will be tarred and feath
ered. . ¦
as could be expected under the circum
stances, better than her friends had an
ticipated, in fact. She is breaking down,
however, under the awful strain, 'and it
is necessary that she secure all possible
rest and quiet that she may endure the
ordeal of the next twenty-four hours. -
• William R. Hearst could be indicted with
Czolgosz.
Two men living on Coos River are . re
ported to have expressed satisfaction at
President McKinley's assassination. A
party has been formed to visit them to~
morrow.
MARSHFIELD, Or., Sept. 18.— John
Peterson, a foreigner, was run out of
Marshfield to-day on account of utter
ances derogatory of the late President
McKinley. A party led by business men
visited Peterson's residence last night
with the intention of administering a coat
of tar and feathers, but he refused to
come out and the attempt was abandoned.
This morning he came down town and
was immediately taken into custody by a
committee of citizens. • Tar and feathers
were in readiness in a warehouse, but
the committee finally gave him one minute
to make his choice between tar and feath
ers and leaving the country within five
hours. He chose the latter. -;
EUN OUT OT COUNTRY
BY ENRAGED CITIZENS
Foreigner of Anarchistic Tendencies
Escapes a Coat of Tar and
Feathers. . ; .
Any citizen of the United States, Can
ada or Mexico more than 21 years old and
never convicted of an infamous crime Is
eligible to j membership. - All members
pledge themselves to obey the rules of
the organization and give unquestioning
obedience to its executive officers.- George
H. Boardman, one of the moat prominent
Grand Army men in the State, was elect
ed president. '
"To accomplish the utter annihilation
of anarchy arid anarchistic teachings
within the borders of North America and
to prevent disloyalty to existing forms of
government.". . . > i .-
VETERANS ORGANIZE TO
STAMP OUT ANARCHY
Loyal «-Iieague •-¦ of \ Horth. America
Comes " Into Existence in -
TACOMA, Sept. 18.— The Loyal League
of North America has been organized
here by Grand Army men to oppose an
archy throughout this continent. It pro
poses to' organize- local branches every
where and,- through them, to inculcate
love of American Institutions and insist
upon their -absolute protection. The pa
rent organization- to-day • adopted a dec
laration of "principles which specifies its
object as follows:
"Walsh was to-day, sentenced to the Coun
ty Jail for three months for saying he
was glad President McKinley had been
killed.
"The hopeful view was taken, and quite
naturally it could be so explained. It
is easy to be wise after the event and to
say that in this respect the surgeons
were in error. Err they certainly did. as
the result shows, but to err in such a
way argues no incapacity or avoidable
Jack of judgment. It simply, we repeat.
Illustrates the fact that the medical man
is not a i>erfect being.
"Gangrene probably was established
two or three days before the fatal issue
followed, but it could hardly have oc
curred very early without giving rise to
more disquieting phenomena than aug
mentation of the pulse and respiration,
which, as we have said before, might
weJI have been due to some comparative
5jT unimportant disturbance. To the
yfround of the kidney we attribute little
importance further than arises from the
fact that it made one more traumatic
surface to become gangrenous. There Is
said to have been a trifling degree of
homatura of brief duration, but not
enough to indicate a very serious renal
"The case of the profoundly lamented
President may be set down as unique in
pome of its features, not so much, per-
J-aps, as regards the actual traumatism
inflicted by the assassin's bullet, as with
regard to the deferred appearance of tlie
gangrenous process that blotted out his
fair prospects of recovery." •
Doctors "Were in Error.
"The operation having been finished
without seriously taxing the distin
guished patient's vital powers, there fol
lowed at least five days of freedom from
serious symptoms. This we say with full
appreciation of the fact that the record
of the pulse and respiration teemed omi
nous, for the high rate might have been
due to any one of a number of conditions
not in themselves of grave importance.
"Without delay he was taken to a well
equipped hospital and attended by sur
geons of world wide reputation and vast
experience. The operation itself was per
formed by an exceedingly capable gyne
cologist, who was assisted by equally
capable surgeons. It is perfectly certain
that there was no technical fault in the
operation and it may be said with equal
positiveness that it would have verged
on madness to prolong the search for the
bullet after it had been acsertained that
it had not inflicted any very grave in
jury beyond that of the stomach—ascer
tained, that is to say, within the limita
tions of warrantable efforts.
Operation Well Done.
"At the time of his assassination Presi
dent McKinley probably was in better
physical condition than most men of his
'age who lead a sedentary life. So far
as is known he ¦was free from, all organic
disease, though his vitality may have
been somewhat impaired by the fearful
mental strain to which the duties of his
oSice and its responsibilities and anxie
ties had long subjected him. He was
suddenly cut down by a cruel wound,
but he bore it bravely, and there was
little of the condition known as shock.
This freedom from shock was correctly
interpreted as showing that no consider
able internal hemorrhage was going on.
BE"W YORK, Sept. IS.— The forth
coming edition of the New York
Medical Journal will discuss the
case of the late President McKin
ley In a. lengrthy article. It will
"It Is a melancholy consolation
to know that the fatal termination of
President McKinley's case was not in
the slightest degree due to any omission
to gfv© him the full benefit of all the
present resources of our art, and there
is nothing: humiliating' in the fact that
the favorable prognosis which for five or
six days seemed justified should have
finally proved fallacious. It is expected
that an official report of the case will be
given to the profession in the course of
a short time. Pending the issue of the
report let us briefly review the case.
Surgeons Credited With
Displaying the Best
Possible Skill.
AUTOPSY
SHOWS A
MISTAKE
PRESIDENT'S DOCTORS IN ERRORS SAY EDITORS OF A MEDICAL JOURNAL
THE SAN FKA^UISCU UAJjIj, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
Shake-Up Is Impending
in Secret Service
Office.
3
"LEAD, KINDLY LIGHT."
¦ ¦ \ ¦ • ¦ - ¦ •
(The President's Favo; He Hymn.) .
I EAD, kindly Light, [amid 'the encircling gloom,
Lead Thou me on.
The night is dark and I am far from horns.
Lead Thou me on;
Keep Thou my feet , I do not ask to see
The distant scene ; one step enough for me.
I was not ever thus, nor prayed that Thou
, . Shouldst lead me en ; . . •
/ loved to choose end see my path ; Jut now
., Lead Thou me on.
/ loved the garish day, ancf, spite of fears,
Pride ruled my w.lL Remember not past years !.
So long Thy power has blest me, sure it still
Wi I lead me 0/7
O'er moor arid fen , o'er crag and torrent; till ¦''"':
The night is gone,
And w.th the morn those angel faces smile
Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uncle Sam's
Mail Service?
requires physical and mental
ability of a high degree to
withstand its hard labors. The
high tension to which the
nervous system is constantly
subjected, has a' depressing ef-
fect, and soon headache, back- •
ache, neuralgia, rheumatism,
sciatica, etc., develop, in severe . "
form. Such was the case of
Mail Carrier S. F. Sweinhart,
of Huntsville, Ala., he says:
"An attack of pneumonia left ine
with muscular rheumatism, headache,
- and pains that seemed to be all over
me. I was scarcely able to move lor
about a month when I decided to give
Dr - Pain Pill**
and' Nerve Plasters a trial. In three
days I was again on my route and in
two weeks I was free from pain aad - .
gaining in flesh and strength.
; Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind. •THIS afternoon at 2 o'clock
the citizens of this city will
assemble In the Mechan
ics' Pavilion to pay their< tri
bute of sorrow and affection
to the memory j of- the late
President William McKinley.
. Orators will grow eloquent in eulo
gizing the honored dead; . pastors
will offer up prayers for the mar
tyred dead and the nation; music
of the most sacred character will
be rendered by a full orchestra
and a large chorus and the vast
assemblage will join In singing the
hymns -that, the late President
loved.
The exercises will begin prompt
ly at 2 o'clock and It l» expected
that more than ten thousand peo
ple will seek admission to the ser
vices. The programme Is as fol
lows : . . • ¦ ¦
Overture dramatic. "Melpomene"...
¦ ....'. ' Chadwlck
Full orchestra. Anrust . H. Rode
¦ . mann, conductor.
Introductory.... Mayor James D. Phelan
Funeral march, "Gotterdammerung" .
.....: ..„ ' Wagner
Full orchestra. ; Paul Stelndorff, con
ductor. ¦ • ¦ . ':"¦••'
Hymn, ~' 'Lead. Kindly Light' '.......
% Newman
Chorus and orchestra! ' J. W. McKen
. ¦ ' zle, conductor. ¦'-•" . - ¦
Prayer.... Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, D.D.
-Chanting, of the Lord's Prayer '..,
By j California Quartet, Elks' Quartet,
¦ '„; . '. . . Knickerbocker. Quartet. ; , ' {
Hymn, ; "Nearer, My God, 'to. Thee",. '..
fj . ..........i..*...;.........:.!".V Adams
i Chorus, orchestra .and audience. J.. .W.'
McKenzle, conductor. '¦ .'. '¦ '¦
Soprano solo,' "Ave Maria"...... Gounod
Slxnoriha Nice Barbareschi. _. \
Egmont . Overture .Beethoven
Full ) orchestra. « Paul j Stelndorff, con
~ . . ductor.
Eulogy.. General W. H. L. Barnes
Funeral ..march, se'eond movement
, from symphony "Erolca" ."
............"............ Beethoven
Hymn, "America" .Smith
Chorus, orchestra and audience. J. W.
McKenzle. conductor.
Benediction
"Star-Spangled^' Banner" Key
Chorus, orchestra and audience. Paul
Stelndorff, conductor.
PROGRAMME
OF SERVICES
AT PAVILION
Orders IFlags Half -Hasted.
The Board of Education held its regular
meeting yesterday but transacted no busi
ness out of reapect to the memory cf the
late lamented President McKinley. After
the adoption ot the following resolution
the meeting adjourned:
Whereas. Under the inscrutable dispensation
of Providence the nation stands to-day be
reaved through the death of Its late beloved
chief magixtrate, William McKinley; and
whereas, it is tre desire of this board to show
In every way possible its sorrow as .well as Its
respect for his memory. Be it -
Resolved, first. That all the public schools of
San Francisco be and they are hereby ordered
clcsed during; Thursday, September 19.
Second, That fasts shall be displayed at half
mast on every schoolhouse in San Francisco
from sunset of !3«ptember 18 to sunset of Sep
tember 19.
Third. That tliU board does now adjourn.
Postpone Golden Jubilee.
Despite the fact that announcements of
the postponement on account of tfca
death of President McKinley of the goldK
en Jubilee of the Dominican College at
San Rafael have been published, so many
invitations have been sent out that the
executive committee fears that some may
not receive word of the change. Many
costly presents have been sent to- the col
lege from former pupils now in Europe
as well as cash donations. These will be
asknowledged by the Sisters in charge.
Anarchist Attempts Suicide.
SEATTLE, Sept. lS.-Valentine Gobel
attempted to commit suicide by swallow
ing laudanum on a west-bound Great
Northern passenger train last night near
Spokane. Two anarchistic pamphlets
containing seditious language were found
on his person. The United States secret
service is looking up Gobel'a record.
Songr, "God Ever Glorious," by- school; read
ing ot Droclamation of President Roosevelt:
sons, "The Lori la My Shepherd" ; reading,
"Life of President ¦William McKinley." by
Mlsa A. K. Slavin, principal; song, "Silent Is
the Nixht"; readlns of proclamation of Gov
ernor Gage; song, "Star-Spangled Banner":
remarks by Miss A. E. Slavan; son?. "Nearer.
My God. to Tltee"; piano sol-\ "Schubert"*
Funeral . March, by Miss C Stanley;
"America," by school.
Memorial exercises were held yesterday
afternoon by the pupils and teachers of
the Cleveland Primary School. The fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Pupils and Teachers of the Cleveland
Primary School Show Their
Respect.
The Congregation Sherith Israel will
hold a memorial service in the synagogue,
corner of Post and Taylor, streets, this
morning. Rabbi Jacob Nleto will deliver
a special address.
A special memorial service in commem
oration of the late President will be held
In the synagogue of the Nevah Zedeck
congregation, on Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth/ at 4 p. m. to-day. Ser
vices will be conducted by Rabbi Marke
witz and Rabbi Sachs of New York. All
are invited.
A. memorial service will be held in Tem
ple Emanu-El this afternoon. Rabbi Voor
sanger will pay a fitting tribute to the
late President. '
Special ' memorial services will be held
In the Synagogues.
¦ A memorial service will be held by the
First Church of Christ (Scientist) at 223
Sutter street this morning. All. are in
vited.
• Services will bo held in the Third Con
gregational Church, Fifteenth street, near
Mission, this morning at 11 o'clock. The
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the church,
will make an address. The Rev. E. Ver
non Jones of Park and the Rev. Mr. Day
of Olivet Congregational churches win
assist in the services.
Memorial services will be. held at 11
o'clock in Calvary Presbyterian Church,
corner of California and Octavia streets.
The congregation of the First ' United
Presbyterian Church will unite in this
service/ -United States Senator George C.
Perkins, an intimate friend ¦ of the late
President, will deliver the eulogry.
The Rev. F. .4^ Doane, pastor of Mlzpah
Presbyterian Church, will conduct memo
rial services this morning. He will also
deliver an address. There will be special
music for the occasion.
Joint Memorial Services.
A funeral service for the late President
will be.^.held in the Second Unitarian
Church this morning. Rev. E. F. Dins
more will preach the sermon.
At. - St. Markus • Lutheran Church this
morning t the .pastor, Rev. J. Fuendellng,
will preach a sermon appropriate to the
occasion. A special musical programme
has been .arranged. . ' .....
Special services will be held at the How
ard Presbyterian Church, Oak and Baker
streets. Rev. J. S. Thomas will deliver
the address of the . day, and Miss Doane
will render a number of beautiful hymns.
A memorial service will be heid this
morning in the- First Congregational
Church, corner of Post and Mason streets.
The Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., will
preside over the services. The principal
address will be delivered by Hon. Van R.
Paterson. There will be special music
by choir and congregation. The service
will close in ample time to allow all to
attend the afternoon service at the Pa
vilion. ;A cordial invitation is extended
to all. \
Judge Paterson to Speak.
Patriotic services of a memorial charac
ter will be held at 11 o'clock in the Geary
street Temple by the Sabbath school chil
dren and 'the children of the Pacific He
brew Orphan Asylum. The temple will De
appropriately decorated. The cnlldref of
the orphan asylum will be accompa .U
by their band, which will relder pairi^ic
music.
Appropriate services will be held at the
Franklin-street Presbyterian. Church.
Rev. J. T. Wills, pastor of the church.
will deliver an address.
A very impressive service will be held
in Grace Church in memoriam of the !ate
President. Bishop Talbot of Pennsylvania
will, deliver the address, and the choir
will render appropriate music, including
"Te Deum" and "Benedictus," by Mozart;
the nfty-tlrst Psalm, as well as the Presi
dent's favorite hymns. •
Archbishop Riordan will attend services
at the cathedral and will in all probability
speak in eulogy of the honored dead.
Archbishop Will Be Present.
IN all the -churches In this city to-day
solemn. memorial services in commem
oration of William ¦ McKinley, late
rPresident otthe United States, will be
held, j Bells wiir solemnly toll and the
-churches will be crowded with sor
rowing, people. Pastors will again set
forth in glowing terms the life and char
acter of the martyred staf esman. The
chancels and vestibules -will be draped in
mourning. Sacred music will be rendered
by the choirs and the favorite hymns of
the President— "Nearer, My God, to Thee
and "Lead, Kindly Light"— will be chant
ed by choirs and congregations.
In all the Catholic churches the services
this morning will . be most solemn. The
Archbishop has directed that all the bells
be tolled and that a votive mass pro
quacunque necessitate be said. Priests
will give expression to the" sentiment of
sorrow that everywhere fills the hearts
of Catholic men and women.
The Rev. S. D. A-utsinpiller, a personal
friend of the President, will conduct spe
cial services In - the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church this morning. He will
deliver an address and the choir will ren
der a programme of sacred music.
High mass will be celebrated at St.
Patrick's Church at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. Rev. Father Collopy will preach the
sermon and the choir will render special
music.
At noon to-day the congregation of the
Bethel A. M. E. Church will take part
in memorial services. The eulogy will
be preached by the pastor. Rev. Dr. F.
G. Snelson. F. R. G. S. A patriotic ad
dress will be delivered by Lieutenant
James M. Dickerson. All citizens are in.
vited to attend.
SCHOOIi CTETTYDBEir HOLD
302KOBIAX EXERCISES
A union memorial service In honor of
President McKinley will be held at the
Olivet Congregational Church this even
ing. The Rev. F. V. Jones, the Rev. M.
D. Buck and the Rev. William Rader, D.
D., will deliver the addresses.
Services of memorial character will be
held in St. Stephen's Hall this morning:.
This is necessary, as the church is being
repaired. The Rev. E. J. Lion will con
duct the service.
A memorial service will be held in St.
James' Protestant Episcopal Mission, in
Richmond district, this morning.
A Rubllc commemoration service will bs
conducted at St. Luke's Church, corner
Van Ness avenue and Clay street, at W
o'clock this morning. The ilergy and
choirs of Trinity and St. Luke's join in
the service. Bishop Nichols will preach.
Address by Bishop Nichols.
in the African Methodist Episcopal Zion
Church, SC5 Stockton street, at noon to
day.-There will be a special sermon by
the pastor, the Rev. Tighlman Brown,
and special music by the choir.
There will be a united meeting of the
city corps of the Salvation Army at 1133
Market street this evening. Colonel
French will preside.
The Rev. J. George Gibson will conduct
special memorial services In Emmanuel
Baptist Churcli this morning. Miss Lotta
Underhill, organist of the church, will
have charge ot the choir, which will ren
der sacred music.
Mlbnyri?High Masses to Be Celebrated in All the
.Catholic ¦ Churches in Memory of Dead.
Archbishop Riordan Will Speak.
People of Every Denomination Will To-Day Offer
Up Their Prayers for the Martyred Presi
> dent and His Afflicted Widow.
SERVICES TO BE HELD
IN ALL THE CHURCHES
Federal Offices
The Custom-house, Postbfflce, Internal
Revenue office - and > Appraiser's ¦ building
will be closed to-day. \-
The marine engineers adjourned' their
meeting Tuesday night out of respect to
the memory of President MoKipley. \
Adjourn Out of; Respect.
United States Judge Morrow I and Frank
D. Monckton, clerk of the United j States
Circuit Court of Appeals, have returned
from Portland,, at; Which place the court
adjourned out of respect ; to the memory
of President McKinley. The Circuit Court
of Appeals will sit in this city on Octo
ber i. .¦-,:•- ,.- • :¦--:¦.&.•! :\x*i$.
Court of Appeals Adjourng.
Golden.. Gate ; Commandery ' No.'. 16,
Knights Templar, will j hold -special . me
morial services to-day , fn' Golden , Gate
Hall. The late President McKinley was a
Knight Templar. . , .-
Knights ; Templar Memorial Service
.Triumph Lodge No. ISO, Ancient Order
of United Workmen, adopted the follow
ing resolution at I1H last meeting:.
Resolved, That Trliimph Lodge No. 180, A •
O. U. \V., deeply deplores the assassination of
our. late President. William McKinley, and
our abhorrence of the foul deed is hereby ex
presced. * - .. .----, . :
Triumph Iibdge Takes Action.
' The front of 'thei Seventeenth-street/: po
lice station has been draped in .'memory
'of President McKinley's death. -Theiex
pense of the draping was 'borne by » the
lieutenant and the men attached to'; the
station. All of -the- entrances ' leading
into the several offices at the City Hall
have been hung. with deep mourning as
a mark of respect to the memory > of the
departed President. ¦ ; ¦- : ¦ '
Police' Station Draped.'
Wherea*. We, the members of Court Eclipse
No. 14. Foresters of America, in regular session
now assembled, feel the profound sorrow and
gloom that now hangs over our fair land on
account of the death of our much beloved and
highly honored worthy Chief Magistrate and
martyred President, William McKinley uhere
fore be it / '. / \ • . ,
Resolved. That out of respect- to our hdnored
dead we do now adjourn; and be it further -
Reeolved, That this Court Eclipse here assem
bled characterize the deed as a most hornble
unjust, unprovoked and dastardly crime Com
mitted by the hand of a cruel and wretchetV as
•assln, not only to this our nation, but tcjthe
Members of Court Eclipse No. 14, For
esters of America, adopted the following
resolutions at their last meeting and then
adjourned out of respect ' to the memory
of the late President McKinley:
Members of Court Eclipse Pass Reso
lutions in Memory of Late
Chief Magistrate.
FORESTERS ADJOURN
OUT OF DEEP RESPECT
?¦ To-morrow has been set aside as a day
for. general = prayer and mourning in this
cltv. - ¦¦/" ¦;"> ¦ -r - . .-. - . ¦ - .
Resolved, also, , That we deeply, deplore all
forms and '-. expressions " of anarchy, including
the ¦ extreme statements of yellow Journalism
and that we „ believe the . timo . haa - come to
call a halt in respect to the 'too common scur
rilous attacks on < the character of good men
in . high official positions.
§ BAKERSFIELD, - Sept. 18.— The g Minis
terial Union, at a meeting- to make ar
rangements • for assisting in-> the memorial
services to.be held in this city to-morrow
evening, adopted resolutions, signed by
Rev. W. C. Whltaker and Rev. Edgar R.
Fuller, In which the extreme statements
of yellow journalism. were included in the
list of forms and expressions of anarchy.
Following the expression /of the high ap
preciation of the noble • Christian . charac
ter.-of the late. President, the resolution
reads: . , - • .. ; :
BAKERSFIELD PASTORS v
FIX ' THEj CXTLPABUiITY
Include the Extreme Statements of
Yellow Journalism in Anarchy's
Category. r ' i '
The party which Templar Rebekah
Lodge, I. O. O. F., was to have given to
its friends Tuesday I night was postponed
out of respect to the memory of the late
President until next Tuesday. •
Rebekahs Postpone Party.
, The Point Lobos Improvement Club, by
a unanimous and- rising vote,' passed suit
able appropriate | resolutions - to the
memory of William McKinley, martyred
President of the United States, and then
adjourned its regular semi-monthly meet
ing to next Wednesday evening out of re
spect to the memory, of the beloved man
who was made the victim of .an assassin's
bullets. . '• ¦ -. -. i •-.,-...
Point Lobos Club Adjourns.
The Catholic university extension course
of lectures by Rev. Thomas J. Shahan,
D.D., which were postponed on account of
the death of President McKinley, . will' be
resumed in Metropolitan* Hall next Mon
day evening. - _ .<
The new dates are: Monday evening
September 23, "The Cathedral Builders of
Europe;" Tuesday evening. September 24
"The Crusades— How the Middle Ages Ex
panded;" Thursday evening. September
26. "Medieval Ireland, the Teacher arid
Clvilizer of. Northern Europe;" Friday
evening,. September 27. "The Renaissance /
Christian and Pagan."
-All tickets heretofore issued hold good
for these dates. -. ¦ ,-.. .
Second Lecture Postponed.
At a recent meeting of ' the . members
of the League Club'.it was unanimously
decided to postpone indefinitely the com
ing -entertainment and 'dance at Odd Fel
lows' Hall on, Friday evening,. September
27, out of respect to ,' the memory of our
beloved President, William McKinley.
The members are deeply grieved : and do
not wish to . hold or- take part" in any
gayety till this sad. affair has passed.
Postpone Entertainment.
' Whereas, The sad, tragic death of our beloved
President, William McKinley, in whom the peo
ple of the United States placed the utmost con
fidence for his patriotism and -the many virtues
which endeared him to the heart of every, true
American, has filled our hearts and homes with
gloom and grief; therefore be It . • ¦'-'¦¦":
Resolved, That we, the Carriage and Wagon
Makers' Association of San Francisco, close our
business places on Thursday, the 19th day of
September, and unite with our- fellow, citizens
In commemorating, the day : and honoring the
memory of the man we loved so well;'. : .
The Carriage and Wagon Makers'iAsso
ciation met Tuesday, night,' H.M. Black
presiding, Richard Nugent acting as.sec
retary. The following resolutions | were
passed:
Carriage-Makers Express Sympathy]
At 8 o'clock in the evening services will
be held in Odd Fellows' Hail, Nlles.
There will be scripture reading and a
prayer -. by Rev. E. , D. . Hale, - and three
addresses: "McKinley as a Statesman,"
by James Clarke; "McKinley as a Man,"
by George A." Edgar, and "Anarchy and
the Republic," by C. H. Shinn. There
will also be music. ' '
At 2 p. m. all of the school children of
the township will gather at the Center
ville Grammar. School. The meeting will
be held out of doors'and will be presided
over by T. C. Huxley. Speeches will- be
made by William R. Davis, Rev. ' E." D.
Hale, Rev. W. C. Gunn'and'Rev. Father
D. Governo. . .' •-. '
At 10:30 a. m. services will be held in
the ..Christian ! church ..at Irvington',, at
which five addresses -will be made, ag
follows: . "Government and Anarchy," by-
Rev. J. H. McCulloiigh;'' "McKinley as
a Statesman," by J. E.. v Wamsley;: "Mc-
Kinley as a Man and. a Citizen," by Pro
fessor W:W. Anderson: "McKinley's
Home Life,"- by Rev. E. D. Hale;
Kinley as a Christian," by Rev. J. Dur
ham. -.:.-.. . . .
NILES, Sept: 18.— There will be three
services in different parts of Washington
Township to-morrow.. •,. . : . ..:¦ v _.j . .
Prominent Speakers Will Addresstue
Residents of Irvington, Cen- '
" terville and Niles.
SPECIAL SERVICES; IN
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP
BERLIN, Sept. 18.— The Neusteben of
Berlin and the Freiheit, anarchist papers;
have suspended publication.
CITY OF MEXICO, Sept. 18.— The
Chamber of Deputies" of Mexico, by a
unanimous vote, decided to-day to sus
pend its session of Thursday, to drape its
tribunes in mourning for three days, to
cause the Mexican flag to be^. half-masted
over the Congress building for the' same
length of time and to send a message of
condolence to Washington. • .
LIMA^ Peru, Sept. 18. — Yesterday the
United States Minister, Irving B. Dudley,
visited President Romana, the Senate, the
Chamber of Deputies, the Foreign Minis
ter, Senor Chacaltana; the Mayor of
Lima, and the various legations and ex
pressed the thanks of the American na
tion and Government for their sympathy
and cablegrams of condolence regarding
the death of President McKinley.
A memorial service for the late Presi
dent McKinley will be held next Sunday
at the Anglo-American Episcopal church:
It is anticipated there will be a-large'at
tendance. Including high . officials and
members of the diplomatic corps.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 18.— Dr. Kuyper,
the Premier of The Netherlands, and
other members of the Cabinet, with rep
resentatives of Wilhelmina and the royal
family, attended the memorial service to
day for the late President McKinley in the
Episcopal church. They were received by
the United States Minister, Stanford
Newell. .
NATIONS PAY HONOR
TO MARTYR PRESIDENT
Chamber of Deputies in Mexico Will
Not Hold a Session
To-Day.
, At a meeting of the General George G.
Meade Post, G. A. R.. in Pioneer building,
last Tuesday, the following resolutions in
memory of the departed comrade, Major
William McKinley, were unanimously
adopted: .
Resolved, That we deplore and sincerely
grieve over the death of our beloved com
rade. Major William McKinley, late President
of the United States.
Resolved, That we further deplore his un
timely taking: off and the dastardly method
by which his family, his country and his com
rades were deprived of his great counsels and
devotion. . .
Re-solved, That our comrade, William Mc-
Kinley, was a typical American as a citizen,
a soldier and a statesman; and that : no. Ameri
can was ever held in greater esteem by the
people of his country during "the period of his
high public career than was William McKin
ley. • "
Resolved, That we deprecate and denounce
the means by .which he met his death, and
call urgently upon all honest Americans to
suppress by every lawful means the class of
people whose teachings have led to this great
national calamity. ¦
Resolved That this country should not be
free enough to shelter 'anarchists from abroad,
nor should it be permitted to be the breeding
place of that class.
- Resolved, That the colors of the post be
draped in mourning for a. period of thirty
days.
Resolved, Also that a copy of the foregoing
resolutions be spread on the minutes of the
vest. JOHN MURPHY,' Commander.
WILLIAM F. HOWE. Adjutant.
Meade Post Adopts Resolutions.
'OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— Memorial exer
cises will take place ; to-morrow After
noon at the public school grounds at San
Leandro, under the direction of the Board
of Town Trustees and the following com
mittee: B. C. Hawes, G. R. Morgan, J.
Franks v Daniel McCarthy and T. J. Mar
tin Superior Judge Henry A. Melvin
will deliver the eulogy. All of the school
children will take part. '.
The Veterans' League has . charge of
the services which will be held to-mor
row afternoon at Haywards. Addresses
will be delivered by the Rev. Father
Lally of the Catholic church, the Rev.
Dr. Johnson of the Congregational
church, the Rev. G. W. Lyons of the
Presbyterian church and a representative
from the Methodist church. -
Union memorial services will be held at
Liver more at 10 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing at the Farmers' Union Theater. The
school children will attend the exercises,
which will be addressed by the clergy
men of the city and other prominent citi
zens. •- ;., ••:.¦. ¦"' ':
INTERIOR TOWNS- TO HOLD
APPROPRIATE EXERCISES
Hay wards, San Leandro and Liver
more Arrange Services in Mem
t ory of the" President. .; , .':•
Resolutions expressing the^grief and
sympathy of the West Berkeley Improve
ment Club over the death of President
McKinley have been adopted.-
• Resolved, That the members of Berkeley
Council No. S08, National Union, do hereby
give public expression to our loving sympathy
with the bereaved widow and relatives, our
grief over the national calamity and our abhor
rence of i the dastardly crime and of ¦ that li
cense of speech and of • that part . of the press
which, masquerading under the name - of free
dom, helps to make such a deed possible. - .
\ . . E. C. MARLIAVE.
" . . C. L. BIEDENBACH,
Committee.
Berkeley Council No. 808, National Un
ion, has adopted the following resolution:
, The members, of the local Grand Army
post will hold services to-morrow evening
in the Park Congregational Church. .:
The • Town Trustees have placed the
public services to.be held at 2:30 o'clock
at Shattuck Hall, in charge of Durant
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons. The
local . fraternal organizations, the Grand
Army veterans and the members of the
fire department will form in procession at
Odd Fellows' Hall and march to Shattuck
Hall. Addresses will be made • by. Town
Trustee R.> C. Staats and Professor R. R.
Lloyd of the Pacific Theological Semin
ary. The Rev. A. M. Elston, Rev. C. K.
Jenness, Rev. H. H. Dobbins and W. H,
"Waste, worshipful ¦ master of Durant'
Lodge, will conduct the services. ¦ ,- r f,
The choirs of allthe local churches and
the Women's Choral Society of the uni
versity will unite in a grand chorus, un
der the direction of C. R. Morse, to sing
William McKinley's three favorite hymns
—"Lead, Kindly Light," "Jesus, Lover of
My Soul," and "Nearer, My God, to
Thee."
BERKELEY, Sept. 18.— Memorial ser
vices in honor if.President McKinley will
be held at Harmon gymnasium at 10:30
o'clock to-morrow morning. Addresses
willbe. made by President Wheeler, the
Rev. C. K. Jenness, pastor . of Trinity
Episcopal Church, and the Rev, G. B.
Hatch, minister of the First Congrega
tional-Church.
UNIVERSITY AND TOWN
" .- v WILL HOLJD SERVICES
Arrangements Are Made for Proper
" Observance of Day of Mourn
ing at Berkeley.
Ignatian Council No. 35, Young Men's
Institute, adopted the following memo
rial resolutions by a rising vote at a re
cent meeting:
Whereas, The hand of a brutal assassin by
a cowardly blow has deprived our country of its
beloved President, and whereas, by the dread
calamity our nation has been robbed of an
able and conscientious leader, whose every ac
tion, both in public and private life, has been
characterized by the highest degree of sterl
ing integrity and uprightness, and whereas, by
his recent visit among us he had endeared
himself in particular to the people of Callfor,
nia, be it
Resolved, That we view with horror and
deep Indignation the great calamity which has
befallen our fair land, and that we condemn
in unmeasured terms the dastardly act, and
that we hereby desire to express our most pro
found and sincere sorrow over our nation's
afiliction, and that our -deepest sympathy goes
forth to the stricken wife and sorrowing rela
tives of pur late beloved President, and be it
further
Resolved, That we do now adjourn out of
resDect to his memory.
J. B. QUEEN. President.
C. L. EBNER, Secretary.
Members Adopt Resolutions Deplor
ing the Cowardly Act of the
Assassin.
IGNATTAN COUNCIL
EXPRESSES ITS SORROW
It was ordered that an ornately eu
irrossed copy of the resolutions be sent to
Mrs. McKinley as a token of love for
Ccmrade McKinley.
To the widow of our comrade we extend our
deepest heartfelt sympathy. We fervently
hope the knowledge that she was his most
dearly beloved on earth will be such solace and
comfort to her that she will bear her sor
rowful bereavement with the courage and for
titude which has ever distinguished her, . and
which made her the support and helpmate of
her illustrious husband. _ ¦
With awed and mournful submission to the
Inscrutable will of providence we here record
our sorrow and grief, and express' our convic
tion that the name of William McKinley will
ever live in the hearts of his people as that
of the best beloved American- of his time.
mourns with all America, this, terrible afflic
tion. We loved our noble comrade for the
goodness of his heart; for his lofty patriotism;
for the rectitude of his private life; for his
grand and sublime virtues, and for the abili
ties continuously manifested by him in the dis
charge of the arduous and Complicated duties
of his exalted station.
James A. Garfield Post No. 34, Department
of California and Nevada. G. A. R., deeply
The President is dead! Dead by ahe ruth
less hand of a cruel assassin; struck down In
the midst of his loving countrymen who proud
ly looked upon him as the personification of all
that is grood. grand and glorious in mankind.
His untimely death is a fearful blow to civ
ilization, and overwhelms the American peo
ple with an Irreparable loss.
At a largely attended meeting of James
A. Garfleld Post. G. A. R., Tuesday night
the following resolutions of sympathy for
Mrs. McKinley in her hour of deep afflic
tion were submitted by General E. S. Sal
omon and adopted by a rising vote:
Resolutions of Sympathy Passed Will
Be Engrossed and Forwarded
to Mrs. McKinley.
GABJTELD POST PAYS
HONOR TO A COMRADE
Resolved, That we demand of the makers of
our laws the enactment of such a law as will
recognize even the utterance of sentiments
such as prompted the - death of our' President
high treason punishable by death.
Memorial services for President McKin
ley will be held at St. John's -Church,
Eignth and Grove streets, ' this -morn
ing- at 10:30 o'clock. The choristers
win sine a requiem for the dead Presi
dent, and a sermon will be preached by
tne jector, the Rev. M. N. Ray. The rec
tor and congregation extend an earnest
invitation to jill persons, whether-mem
bers of the Episcopal church or not to
be present and join, with -the choir boys
In singing the hymns. . - - ...
Resolved, That we with great. Indignation de
plore the fact that the outcasts of other coun
tries are allowed to openly advocate .their per
nicious doctrines and openly to defy the laws of
our common country and subvert that freedom
of speech to the 'infamous ends of the doctrine
of anarchy; and.be it further . ¦ ¦ ¦
Resolved, By Lyon Post No. 8, Grand Army
of the Republic," Department of California and
Nevada, that our heartfelt sympathy and con
dolence be extended to his bereaved widow and
that , the charter of this post be draped in
mourning for thirty days; also be it
Whereas, The beloved President of the United .
States"9.nd our former comrade In arms, Wil
liam McKinley, has been stricken in death by
the bullet of a cowardly assassin; and,'
Whereas, We believe that the motive which
prompted his murder was and is the result of
the infamous teachings of a society styled an- ¦
archtsts and his death attributable to the up
holding of such a belief by a corrupt press in
Its. attack upon the recognized authority of
law and the citizens of this republic, Dlaced In
those positions by a majority vote of all the
people; therefore be it
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— Lyon Post No. 8,
Grand Army of the ? Republic, has" de
clared that the :murder of President Mc-
Kfnley is to be attributed to the'uphold
ing of anarchy .by "yellow journalists.".
In resolutions adopted last "night the post'
puts itself on record as follows:
Grand Army Veterans Find a Prompt
"¦ ing Influence for the Murder
/..i . . ."•. of President. • *¦•-:-¦ . ; ; '
SAY. A CORRUPT PRESS
CAUSED ASSASSTNAT1OU
At the regular session of California
Camp, No. 634, "Woodmen of the "World,
held i -lasjt •»¦ evening, , the following ¦¦ resolur
tions were unanimously adopted and the
clerk was instructed to transmit a copy
of the same to The Call and Chronicle
with a reauest that the same be pub
lished: .,.. , . . . ,
The SuDreme Commander having summoned
to his everlasting sleep our beloved and hon
ored President. William McKinley, he of the
true and dauntless heart, who faced the dan
gers of the battlefield unharmed, and who
while In the discharge of his exalted duties as
the President of the United States, to . which
he had been elected for a second term by a
grateful nation, was stricken by the cowardly
blow of an assassin, therefore pe it
Rcfeolved, That when he answered the last
summons of his supreme officer, the- nation
lost a most honored leader and ' statesman,
society one of its kindest benefactors and the
rising generation a worthy exemplar;, be it
ReVolved, That California Camp No. 634,
Woodmen of, the World, In session . assembled,
extends -to the loving wife bereft of a loving
husband the assurance of Its sympathy Jn this
her hour of srrief. . '. • . ' \ .-- _ * .
-' Resolved; That a copy of these resolutions
be entered In the minutes of this camp and a
copy of the same be suitably engrossed and
transmitted to Mrs. William McKinley at Can
ton, Ohio. ¦
Resolutions of Sorrow Are Adopted
By. the Members, and Or- '¦
. dered Printed.
¦WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
PAY A LOYAL TRIBUTE
The following resolutions were adopted
by the members of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance Association of California at a
meeting last Monday: ¦¦-*
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 16, 1901.
Whereas, The St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance
Association of California in 'meeting assembled
on the above date learned of the death of Wil
liam McKinley, the beloved President of our
country; therefore, be it •«•-.(
. Resolved,' That we deplore .tbilloss' which our
country has suffered in the death of a noble
character, a man. 'Without blemish in public
ot private life, a devoted husband and an ex
ample for all itnie |i> t^h ¦
Resolved, That the charter of 'the association
and officers' badges be draped in mourning for
a period of thirty days and a copy of these res
olutions be spread on the minutes and published
In the daily press.
17 M. SEARET,
T.*F. ALFORD.
M. 3. GORMAN,
Committee.
Members of St. Patrick's Mutual Al
liance Take -Action on Death
of President: *
THEIR CHAHTEB WILL V
BE DRAPED INMOUENING
Chamber California Council, No. 530,
National Union; District Council of Paint
ers; Socialist Party;- Golden Gate Camp'
No. 64. Woodmen of the World; Local
Branch No. 22, Glass Blowers of Califor
nia; Sari Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights
of the Royal Arch; Garfleld League.
Grand Army of the Republic; Bay City
Parlor, No. 104, Native Sons of the Golden
West; George H. Thomas Post. No. ; 2,
G. A. R.: National Batteries B and C,
First Artillery. N. G. W.; Columbia Coun
cil, No. 55, Y. M. I.; San Francisco Brick
layers' Association; Empress Victoria
Lodge No. 142, Order of St. George; Altah
mas Tribe No. 87, Improved Order of Red
Men and the. Belgian Benevolent Society.
NEARLY every civile social and re
ligious organization in -this city
¦ have adopted resolutions condemn
ing the assassination of President
McKinley.' They have all
sorrow at his loss and have condoled
with his bereaved widow. Owing to the
length of the resolutions and their,num
ber it is impossible to print, them alL
Among the organizations • that have
passed resolutions' are the following: •
Orchestra, dirge; quartet. "Lead, Kindly
Light," Knickerbockers; prayer; orchestra,
"Death of Asa From Suite Peer Gynt"; Tem
plar services, officers of California Command
ery; quartet, "Nearer. 'My God, to Thee,"
Knickerbockers; orchestra, "Largo"; tenor
solo, "I Heard the Voice of Jesus Say," Sir
Clarence T. Wendell; eulogy. Eminent Sir Wil
liam H. Li. Barnes: orchestra, "Ave Maria";
quartet. "Good-night" ; benediction. Sir George
W. Bennett, musical director. .
California Command'ry No. 1. Knisrhts
Templar, has arranged ; to hold services
in Odd Fellows' Hall. The, programme is
as follows:
THE Masons cf this city will meet this
evening and hold memorial services.
The members of Golden Gate Com
mandery Xo. 16, Knights Templar,
will assemble in Otolden Gate Hall,
The following? programme has been
arranged for the occasion: •
•Quartet, "Lead, Kindly Light"; Scripture
reading; Introductory remarks, K.*. Sir: H.' D/
Loveland; hymn, "Nearer, My God, to Thee";
Scripture readln* by the prelate; eulogy. P.*..
C-. J. C. Campbell; solo, "Flee as a Bird":
address. Sir Frank McGowan; choir,' "Abide
With Me"; address. P.-. .Cf. C. L. Field;
choir, "Rock of Ages"; song, "America";
benediction. , ,
Members of Two Com
. manderies to Honor
Late President. ;
Civil, Social/and Relig
ious Organizations
Take Action:
The following letter was sent yesterday
to the late President's private secretary
by the Tliird Baptist Church of this city:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 17, 1901.
Secretary Cortelyou, Canton, Ohio: The Third
Baptist Church (Afro-American) and its Chris
tian Endeavor Society . held special memorial
services on Sunday evening for our beloved
President. It was -there desired that convey
ance be made to Mrs. McKinley, through you,
of our sincere and heartfelt sympathy In this
hour of bereavement. In the passing of Presi
dent McKinley Christianity has lost an. earnest
worker and worthy advocate; our country, the
truest exponent of its national principles, and
the world one of Its noblest of men, whose
flawless character , will shine forth as an ex
ample and guide to humanity now and for
generations to come.
TVe mourn with you the death of our Pres
ident as an individual visitation into our house
holds of Him who said, "Come unto Me, all
ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will
give you rest." We commend you, dear
madam, to His words, "Blessed are they that
mourn, for they shall be comforted." Tours in
loving sympathy, . .
REV. JAMES H. KELLY, Pastor.
MRS. B. L. TYRREL, Pres. C. E. Society.
MIPS M. GIBBS. Associate.
T. B. MORTON, Church Clerk..
Pastor and Congregation. Send Letter
of Condolence to Private
Secretary Cortelyou.
SIR KNIGHTS
ARRANGE FOR
NIGHT SERVICE
MEET TO PASS
RESOLUTIONS
OR SYMPATHY
TKE Citizens' Committee of One
Hundred met in Mayor Phelan's of
fice yesterday to complete arrange
ments for the memorial service in
honor of the late President, to be
heid this afternoon at Mechanics*
Pavilion- Chairman F. W. Dohr
marm of the committee on invita
tion filed a report by which it is desired
to convey the information that the gen
eral public will be admitted on the Lar
kin street side. The doors will be opened
at 1:15 p. m. The report follows:
General admission of the public on Larkln
itreet side, for which no cards are necessary.
Invited officials are requested to enter the
Polk street side of the Pavilion (not es stated
on Invitation, on Hayes street), showing their
Invitations at the door. Invited officials will
be seated on ground floor on arrival, except
those who will occupy seats on the platform.
These are requested to form in groups, as des
ignated by signs in the anteroom, and will
then form into procession and take their allot
ted seats at 1:45 sharp, their ladies being seat
ed on the ground floor as they arrive. This
proeessitih will consist of the Mayor, the Gov
ernor, commandinc officer of the army, com
manding officer of the navy and the minister
and orator of the day, foreign consuls, judi
ciary, representatives of universities, members
of Senate and Congress, army and navy. Gov
ernor's staff, city officials, State officials. Na
tional Guard and other representative bodies.
The Grand Army and Loyal Legion will en
ter by the Polk street side in a body at 1:30
and march directly into the hall, where seats
•re specially reserved for them. No seats will
be reserved for invited officials after 2 o'clock
and no invited guests can be permitted to as
cend the platform after the exercises have been
opened.
The members of the chorus and the musicians
will be admitted by their, special tickets at
the Grove street entrance.
Owing to the very short time at the dls
posar of the committee and the difficulty of
getting invitations addressed, etc., the com
mittee hopes that any slight inaccuracies which
may have happened will be pardoned.
Holla V. Watt, chairman of the pro
gramme committee, announced that after
the funeral march the audience will sing
tv.-o verses of "America."
The Third Artillery Band will give a sa
cred concert at the Golden Gate Park
from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m. The original in
tention of having solemn mupic in front
of the City Hall to accommodate the
overflow at the Pavilion was abandoned.
Professor Spadina stated that as many
of the best musicians had been engaged
this afternoon for the Pavilion and for
the Oakland memorial exercises, another
eacred concert will be given at the park
on next Sunday.
The music platform in the Pavilion will
accommodate 640 singers and SO musicians.
The programme appears elsewhere on
this page.
THIED BAPTIST CHUBCH
EXPRESSES SYMPATHY
whole civilized world; therefore as brothers and
citizens of this great republic we tender our
heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family and
his ever devoted, loving, true and affectionate
w. and widow, Mrs. McKinley, .and we
further pray that. like her noble, grand, kind,
loving and ever devoted, husband she may look
through her tears and sorrow to Him who does
all things well, and say: '"Thy will be done."
JOSEPH MILLMORE.
J. F. MITCHELL.
GEORGE READ.
Addresses in Eulogy to Be Delivered by the Mayor
and General W. H. L Barnes^-Special
Music by Band and Choir.
Members Complete Arrangements for Fitting Serv
ices at Pavilion and Special Report Is Made
as to Admissions and Seats. ¦ -
CITIZENS COMMITTEE.
HOLDS FINAL MEETING
CHURCH SERVICES IN COMMEMORATION OF THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
4
THREE BISHOPS WILL
EULOGIZE THE DEAD
. ttfl EMORIAL; services will be held in nearly every church and hall in this city to-day in com
*** memordtion of the martyred President. The citizens are filled zvith sorrow and are showing
their grief by closing up their places of business and draping their buildings in mourning.
The. most important memorial service of the day will be conducted in Mechanics' Pavilion,
beginning 'at 2 o'clock. _- tt.
Archbishop Riot 'dan 1 will speak at the cathedral* at the .10:30 o'clock mass. ". .::¦' v
Bishop Nichols will address the congregatiojis of St. Luke's and Trinity churches in the for
mer edifice at 10:30 a. m. • ¦.
Bishop Talbot will preach at Grace Church at 11 o'clock.
The Third Artillery Band- will render sacred music in Golden Gate Park from 2:30 {0,3:30
o'clock this afternoon. ;\.: . -_ : ¦ '' '¦[¦''
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 holds ; services in Golden Gate Hall this evening.
' California Commandery No. 1 will conduct services in Odd Fellows' Hall this evening.' ¦:;
"GOIiD DTJST." •
|| '"let the GOLD OUST twins do your work 3 » fjA petty jury with three multi-million
aires on it trying a small assault and bat
tery case, the jury being locked up all
night to deliberate, attracted attention
in Judge Gear's court yesterday. The
case was that of a Chinese charged with
assaulting one Ah On, and* fined $50 In
the lower court. J. B. Atherton, S. M.
Damon" and P. C. Jones, each worth sev
eral millions, were on the jury.
William Stuart Webster^ an oil broker,
reported missing in San Francisco, came
to Honolulu on the Mariposa last week.
He announced his Intention to go to
Japan.
The Board of Health made its annual
visit to the leper settlement at Molokai
last Saturday. Since the last visit a new
system has been put into operation to
prevent those who go to see relatives at
the settlement from having personal con
tact with the lepers. This time the visi
tors were kept in a stockade, apart from
the lepers, . and visiting relatives could
only talk to lepers they had come to see
through two fences four feet apart. Th«
lepers were bitterly opposed to the inno
vation and some of them threatened to
break the stockade down.
Governor Dole, who is attending to busi
ness daily, has proffered encouragement
to the Hamakua planters to put forth
their utmost resources in quelling the
forest fires. If they furnish vouchers of
the expense to which the effort will sub
ject them the Governor engages to ask
the Legislature to pay the bills. Al
though Government forests are being
devastated, there Is no appropriation for
fighting flre.
A wireless dispatch from Maul reports
fifteen, acres of cane burned at Spreckels
ville. 'The cane will be ground immedi
ately, so that the loss will be slight. A
Japanese has been arrested for starting
the flre.
Just before the Mariposa sails news by
wireless telegraph from Hilo says that
recent strong winds have' caused the
Hamakua fire to break out afresh with
renewed fierceness. The flre Is in the
Government forest now but is back burn
ing and coming down the slope, threaten
ing homesteads abovo Ookala and Ku
kalau plantations.
There is but Httle hope of rain before
November, when the rainy season will be
due, according to normal conditions. The
drought in the Hamakua and Kohala dis
tricts is a calamity- Itself apart from flre.
'The fires are burning very fiercely.
They have extended into the Parker ranch
and It is likely that a great many thou
sands of acres (forest and pasture) .> will
be destroyed unless some measures' ara
taken to stop them. Honokaa 'ranch; has
lost about 20,000 acres and the flre has
been burning around the plantation since
July 3." , - . v*
HONOLULU. Sept. 11.— Th© fire in the
Hamakua district, Island of Hawaii, ap
parently ' seems no nearer being extin
guished than when it assumed serious
proportions many weeks ago. The latest
news about the fire is contained in a let
ter from Honokaa plantation, dated the
6th, which says:
Special Correspondence.
Wireless Telegraphy Carries
News About a Con- %
flagration.
Fierce^Fires Are Causing
Great Damage in
Hawaii.
FLAMES LIGHT
ISLAND SKIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
."Will be | the last days upon which Pan-Amer
ican Excursion ] tickets tp Buffalo | will be sold.
$87 for the round trip. Full particulars at C4l
Market street, office of the Santa Fe. ¦,,
October 3d and 4th
' OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— Many vessels are
discharging lumber and coal at the water
front docks, no trouble being experienced
in handling cargoes since the Oakland
Longshoremen's Union declared the strike
off on this side cf tha bay. Pickets from
the San Francisco strikers' unions have
been numerous along the (ront, but no
disturbances have been reported to the
police, nor have any attempts been made
openly to Interfere with the men who* de
sire to work. . • ¦ s*> ; z •: i..- ¦¦¦ •
Many Cargoes Are Discharged.
WHABVES STEOITGLT POLICjED.
Chief Sullivan Has Reinforced Water
Tront Guard.
The regular police protection along the
water front has been greatly Increased,
and yesterday's work progressed on all
the working vessels very much as if no
strike existed.
The steamship Walla Walla got away
on time with a full cargo and complete
crew. The San Pedro sailed for Eureka
asid the Xatlonal City for Fort Bragrg-.
The fishermen who came down from
Alaska are going to combine against th-3
employment, next season, of non-union
men. The non-union fishermen outunm
bered the -union men during: the season
Just past and the latter eay they will pre
vent a recurrence of such a condition in
the future. ,..,/..
Attempt at Rescue Fails.
An attempt was made yesterday by
strikers to rescue Herman Meyers, a
union sailor, from the clutches of the po
lice. Meyers was drunk, so drunk that
;±l W« wandering In the vicinity of the
- Charles Jones, a non-union porter, was
attacked yesterday by. strikers on the
corner of' Battery street and Broadway.
At the Receiving Hospital, where Jones,
who is an old man, was treated for a
badly lacerated nose and Injured scalp,
he told the attendants that he had always
been a union man. In the case of the
present strike, however, he feljt'that sym
pathy at the expense of the dependent
upon him was more than he could afford.
He had taken a- job as porter and the
beating received , yesterday , was the re
sult of his refusal to quit work.
Old Man Who Had to -Work Beaten
by Strikers. .
HIS rAMILY FIRST.
We found the strikers universally anxious to
return to work. They stated that there was no
To' Georre W. Pearce, - chairman of the
farmers' convention: Tour committee beg
leave to report as follows: In accordance with
the resolutions paesed by your body at your
session held at Sacramento on Thursday/Sep
tember 12, 190L we vUlted Port Costa, and
there Interviewed the strikers and warehouse
men. - - • " . , - . •
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18.— The follow
ing report will be presented to the wheat
growers of California In convention in
this city on ' Septembei>25 by the commit
tee which visited San Francisco and -Port
Costa v i
DEMANDS ABE TJHHEASONABLE.
Eeport of Wheat-Growers' Committee
on Strikers' Attitude.
The cases of Charles Rowland and
Leonard L». Nott, striking teamsters
charged with robbery on complaint of
Luther Cochran. a special officer, Jwere
again called in Judge Cabaniss' , court
yesterday. Their attorney, Archie Camp
bell, asked for a continuance till Tues
day, and Attorney Coffey, for the prose
cution, said he had no objection, and the
order was made. The Judge said he had
seen In The Call that the cases were to
bo taken before the Grand Jury and Cof
fey acknowledged that such was the case.-
Axel Carlson, the sailor who fired four
shots at Special Officer Edward Furey on
East. street near Jackson Tuesday night,
was instructed and arraigned before
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charge of
assault to murder. The case was con
tinued till to-morrow and the Judge fixed
the defendant's bonds at $2000.
Courts Deal "With Strike Cases.
Elgrht lronmolders went to -work yester
day morning at the Joshua Hendy Ma
chine Shops and six at the Vulcan Iron
Works. The managers claim they are all
¦union men, former employes in the shops
to which they return. The defection of
*this number of molders. following the
* break two weeks ago in which twenty-one
¦molders returned to the Union Iron
Works, gives the managers much encour
agement. But the strike leaders say the
effect is not marked, as the shops can
use but few molders so long as the ma
chinists stay out.
. Twelve more men went to work yester
day at the Union Iron Works. They are
distributed among the trades. A few are
machinists, but presumably they are not
' union men.
TROTTXtLOItDEBS SETTTBlf.
Pourtecn Union Men Go Back to Their
Work.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— Captain O. R.
Sloat of San Bernardino, in command of
Company K, Seventh Regiment, is to ap
pear before a court-martial on September
28 to answer to charges preferred by
Colonel John R. Berry. Up to midnight
to-night Captain Sloat had- not received
the formal notification, and the mambers
of the court-martial refused to talk until
such notice -was in Captain Sloat's hands.
It is understood that they allege "disobe
dience of orders" or "disrespectful lan
guage." ' Sloat and Colonel Berry have
not been on frlandly terms since the regt
menfs-return frcm San Francisco in 1898,
and Sloat opposed Berry for re-election as
colonel.
CAPTAIN SLOAT MUST
PACE COTJUT-MARTIAL
L. Niver. a stranger in the city, was at
tacked last night at East and Jackson
streets. A badly lacerated scalp was
stitched into position at the Harbor Hos
pital.
WUliam Marshall, a non-union Bailor,
belonging to the ship Babcock, was last
nighc attacked by five strikers and badly
beaten. His face was badly contused. : He
said he had been knocked down and
kicked. . „
Sep. 17. Mr. Lyons. President and Members:
Pleaee pass Mr. Hancock. He ts a. frlepd of
mine. J. MURRAY. Union 46 (or 76).
Special Officer John Mulcahy last night
discovered an unconscious man lying in
the entrance of the saloon of Kisten
macher Bros, at the corner of East and
Mission streets. He secured assistance
and carried the man to the Harbor Hos
pital, where it was found that the -water
front violence committee had found an
other victim. He hail two deep lacera
tions of the scalp, a severe cut under the
right eye. both eyes blackened and a frac
tured skull. He had not recovered con
sciousness at a late hour and will prob
ably die.
In his pocket were found discharge
papers snowing that A. Hancock " had
been employed as cook on the army trans
port Hancock. The discharge papers bore
the date of March 12 and were signed by
Captain Harry Struve. Among the papers
in his pocket was the card of a saloon at
229 East street, bearing the following in
scription:
MORE "WATER FRONT VICTIMS.
Army Transport Cook Beaten and
Skull Fractured.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 18.— The
national encampment of • the Sons of
Veterans ended to-day. A report recom
mending a closer association with the G.
A. R. was adopted. The G. A. R. has in
vited the national encampment hereafter
to hold its sessions with the older body.
£ Resolutions endorsing the Woman's Re
lief Corps, the Ladies of the G. A. R.,
the Ladies' Aid Society and the Daugh
ters of Veterans wero adopted, as Was
nlso a resolution condemning anarchism
and praying that laws be passed making
an attempt on the life of a President a
felony punishable -with death. These of
ficers were unanimously elected: Com
mander-in-chief, E. R. Campbell, Wash
ington, D. C; senior vice commander, S.
S. Horr, Pennsylvania; junior vice com
mander-in-chlef, H. S. Thompson, Provi
dence; council in chief, J. B. Adams, At
lantic City, N. J.; C. J. Post, Grand
P;apids. Mich., and E. F. Buck, Peorla,
ill. .
SONS OF VETERANS
CONCLUDE 'ENCAMPMENT
Officers^ Elected by the Order and
Resolutions Condemning Anarchy
Are Adopted.
Peter Doherty. a laborer, from Fort
Bragg, was attacked on Mission street,
between Third and - Fourth, about 10
o'clock last night, beaten and robbed of
$4 43..
John Moore, a non-union millwright,
was attacked by strikers as he left the
Fulton Iron Works at the close of his
day's ¦work. He -was struck repeatedly
with a flat piece of iron, but his injuries
are not serious.
Ed Cunningham and W. Hill, two strik
ers, were yesterday arrested on a charge
of disturbing: the peace. They -were two
of a crowd that interfered with the driver
of a heavy truck on Howard and East
streets. Officers Bakulich and Gleeson
disoersed the crowd, but were obliged to
arrest Cunningham and Hill, who refused
to move on. . ¦
Thomas Costello. a non-union teamster,
employed by Scott & Magner, hay and
grain dealers, secured a warrant from
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon for
the arrest of four men on the charge of
assault to murder. Although he does not
know their names, he says they are strik
ing teamsters and he can easily identify
them. He was driving in a buggy along
Sixth street Tuesday afternoon and when
opposite Clara street four men dragged
him out 'of the buggy and beat him on
the head with a quart bottle, breaking the
bottle and severely lacerating his scalp.
P. Vahey and Albert Nelson, union sail
ors, were arrested yesterday morning at
the wharf at the foot of Powell street by
Sergeant Duke and sent in the patrol
wagon to the City Prison, where a charge
of battery was booked against them.
They were trying to compel sailors who
were unloading a vessel to quit work.
Union. Sailors Attempt to Drive Crew
From "Work.
TB-Y FORCE AS ARGUMENT.
- After thorongh in ventilation, and
in accordance -with the. foregoing
statement of facts, your committee
wqnld recommend that -volunteers
tic sent to Port Costa to preserver the
peace that J the frraln' may be han
dled, and «ngsent that subscription
lists be | started to d cf my the ex
penses of the men so employed.
Unless" such action be taken it is our
opinion that the crops cannot ba handled
in time to prevent -serious loss.
All of- which is respectfully submitted.
/ . J. CRAIG, •
:>¦ -'„ •/ -i', ¦ WM. - % BECKMAN. '-
J. H. RICE.
In our opinion the difference* be
tween the Employer* 1 Association
and the strikers) are Irreconcilable,
anil the demands of.the Htrlkern are
mo unreasonable that they- cannot
and will not be acceded to. .
A. large number of men who desire to work
may find permanent employment at Port Costa
at good wages and we recommend the farmers
throughout the State to select and send, suit
able men there for. that puroose. -
dissatisfaction with the wages or employement,
but they were restrained by the strike leaders
in San Francisco. They claimed that the
labor unions of San Francisco had helped them
In their successful strike In July for higher
wages and shorter hours. They requested this
committee to visit the leaders of the Water
Front Federation at San Francisco and ascer
tain If something: could not be done to release
them from the present strike. We also visited
the warehousemen and grain handlers of Port
Coeta and found they had about 350 men at
work— abcat one-half the usual number so em
ployed at this season of the year unloading
cars and barges and loading ships.
These men are boarded and lodged at the
warehouses, on barges and In temporary struc
tures. They are working under protection of
Deputy Sheriff»-of Contra Costa County. We
ascertained that there were no men then at
work -who are boarded and lodged at any of
the hotels, and that the assaults that have
been committed are preventing: their belns so
entertalr.ed or their going: out on the street
and mingling with the citizens of, the town.
We are also Informed that the hotels refuse to
accommodate non-union laborers, but are en
tertaining men who are out on strike.
Violence and intimidation have seriously in
terfered with obtaining help necessary to
handle the usual amount of grain that should
be handled at this time of the year, and the
temporary accommodations for men employed
are said to be full.
.The business of handling this season's crop
is in a badly congested state.
We interviewed Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa
County, who stated that with proper assistance
from the Board of Supervisors he could handle
the situation and maintain absolute order, but
that up to the present time such assistance
has not been granted him; that until euch as
sistance Is given him the present state of af
fairs must continue. He assured your commit
tee that he would deputize any number of
reputable citizens of the State who might be
cent there to preserve law and order and move
the crops. Unless men are sent the necessary
portion of the crop cannot be handled In time
to prevent serious loss.
Tour committee then visited San Francisco
and at the request of the Port Costa strikers
called on Mr. Furuseth, strike manager of the
"Water Front Federation. Wo stated to him
that we had Interviewed the strikers at Port
Costa and that they were ready to go to work
provided his consent could be obtained. We
explained to him th« unprotected condition of
the crops throughout the State and the fact
that they must be moved at once. We told
him that the farmers would be glad to have the
union men handle their crops If they would, but
that unless they did the rarmers themselves
would be compelled to do the work to prevent
serious loes. Mr. Furuseth said that he would
not consent to that, that he would release no
one. He advised us to call on the executive
committee of the Employers' Association of
San Francisco and get that body to accede to
the demands of the striking teamsters of that
City. . . i
We then visited some members of the execu
tive committe« of the Employers' Association
and were eiven a full account of the causes
leading to the organization of that body and the
work It was doing. We believe the position
taken and maintained by that organization to
be reasonable and Justifiable.
We herewith submit and append to this re
pott a copy of the declaration of principles of
the Employers' Association, and also a copy of
an article of agreement which the strikers de
manded the business men of San Francisco to
sljm. They are' submitted for your considera
tion and comparison: The presentation and
demand for the signing of such articles of
agreement is one of the causes for the existing
labor troubles.
Mr. Finkle is at present the chief civil
and hydraulic engineer of the Edison
Electric Company and the California
Power Company of Los Angeles. He was
for some years consulting engineer of the
three electric.companies of Redlandsr and
was promoted to his present position on
the occasion of the recent consolidation
of all the electric companies in the south
ern metropolis. He is a prominent mem
ber of the Order of Elks and of other fra
ternal organizations.
The bride is the daughter of George Da
vies. chief inspector of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company. She is very
popular among a large circle of friends
and Is the possessor of a fine soprano
voice. .
Pacific Mail Dock he tumbled into the
bay. Policeman Mackey saved him from
drowning, hauled him ashore and started
with him in the patrol wagon for the
Harbor Hospital. When passing the Sail
ors' Home, Meyers hailed a crowd of
sailors and made a leap for liberty over
Mackey's head. Mackey caught the sailor
on his shoulder, and in spite of the efforts
of Meyers' friends, held the prisoner until
police reinforcements arrived. John La
Torres of the Coal Teamsters' Union
roundly abused the officers for arresting
Meyers. He was arrested for disturbing
the peace. Meyers and La Torres were
both released on bail.
The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Etta Davies, as. maid of honor, and
the groom had for his best man Havelock
Fourness. After the ceremony a reception
was tendered to the young couple at a
downtown rotlsserie. The honeymoon will
be spent at Coronado Beach, after which
the couple will take up their residence in
Los Angeles.
THE wedding of Miss Priscilia A.
Davies and Frederick C. Finkle
was celebrated last night at the
Central Methodist j Episcopal
Church. The nuptial knot was tied
by the Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller, pastor of the
church.
PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY WEDDING CEREMONY AT WHICH REV
DR. SIMEON D. HUTSINPILLE R, THE PASTOR OF THE CENTRAL
METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH, OFFICIATED.
Policemen G. W. Lake and C Murphy
later arrested J. M. Zengrel. Harry Long,
William Cole and Herman Nelson, union
sailors, and when taken to the police sta
tion they were identified by Edar and
booked on a charge of robbery. When
searched Cole had a policeman's club m
his pessession. The four defendants ap
peared in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
morning. Thev were instructed and ar
raigned and the cases were continued
till September 20.
While Edar was In the corridor out-
Eide the courtroom G.us. Holmgren, a
union sailor, went up to him and con
temptuosly displayed before his eyes two
53 gold pieces. Edar at once recognized
him as one of the robbers and so notified
Policemen Lake and Murphy, who placed
Holmgren under arrest. They took him
before Captain Seymour, and when he
was asked what his business was he said
he was a. picket on the water front for
the Seamen's Union. The captain in
structed the officers to take him to the
City Prison and book him on the charge
of robbery.
John Edar, ship's carpenter on the
Eteamer Edith now lying at North Beach,
was on his way to the vessel about 3
o'clock yesterday morning, and while
passing Market and Sacramento streets,
within a few yards of the Harbor Police
Station, he was attacked by six men. One
of them had a club and knocked him
down with a blow that broke his nose.
Edar. who is a man 55 years of age, while
on the ground was kicked and robbed of
$C5. He staggered to the police station
and gave an accurate description" of the
robbers.
Five Union Sailors Are Arrested for
* Brutal Asasult.
No session will be held to-morrow, in
honor of the memory of President Mc-
Kinley. All social functions during- the
session have been canceled because of his
death.
A communication of ' congratulation
from Archbishop Riordan was read, and
one from Mrs. Margaret Deane, who is
abroad. A telegram of greeting was re
ceived from Dr. F. X. Morrison, assistant
pastor of the Church of the Immaculate
Conception of Oakland. Congratulations
were received from D. J. O'Leary, grand
president of the Young Men's Institute,
and a letter of regret- from Mrs. M. H.
Smith of the sewing circle.
The report of the grand directors showed
that the work was in a prosperous condi
tion. The directors arei Mrs. S. McFad
den (chairman), Emma F. Russell, Mary
Tuite, Anita O'Leary, Bessie Gallagher,
Mrs. O. Carvill, Elizabeth J. Thomas,
Mrs. D. R. Laogier, Mrs. J. D. Sullivan
and Mrs. D. T. Sullivan.
Grand Secretary Miss Margaret Curtis,
who has served faithfully for seven years,
tendered her resignation. She was given
a vote of thanks. Her report showed the
total active membership to be 946. Dur
ing the past year homes have been found
for 32 children and 32 aged persons, 1538
persons and 775 families have been assist
ed and employment supplied for 267 per
sons. • • S,
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 18.— The hearts of
the members of the Grand Council of the
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society, in session
at Del Mar, were gladdened to-day by
gifts received. A letter was read which
told of the gift of $1000 from the grand
president, Miss Julia Webber of Stockton.
Other donations were a lot from Mrs.
Anna F. Peters of Stockton, $400 from
Mrs. D. R. Langier of Stockton and a be
quest of $150 from the estate, of Miss
Maria A. Barrett of Sausallto.
GIFTS TO CATHOLIC
LADIES' AID SOCIETY
Generous -Contributions Cheer the
Delegates Assembled at .
Del Mar.
OLD MAN BEATE1T AND BOBBED.
The warrant charges them with having
opened a letter addressed to
John Moore, a- shingle weaver, at Ballard.
For convenience Moore had his mail ad
dressed to Summers' office, and when the
letter arrived, it is said. Summers receipt
ed for it, opened It and abstracted $10.
When the Summers came to Seattle a
year ago from Butte, Mont., they were
without money. They at once began mak
ing the acquaintance of the Catholics of
the city, with lhe result that they were
soon employed on the Catholic Progress.
It is said they abused the confidence of
Mr> Bookmyer to such an extent that he
was compelled to force them to leave his
employ. For the past four months Sum
mers has had an office In the New York
block and was engaged in practicing law.
It is positively known that they went to
San Francisco when they left here. They
were in Portland, however, on the 10th
inst., for they induced a Mr. Hess to cash
a draft,, which was sent to the National
Bank of Commerce here for collection. It'
was drawn on the Catholic Progress and
was indorsed by Mrs. Summers, but, of
course, Mr. Bookmyer pronounced it
fraudulent and it was returned by the
bank. . Since the Postofflce Department
has become interested in their arrest it is
believed they will soon be apprehended.
Mrs. Summers Is said to be very pre
possessing ana of a quick, nervous tem
perament, well equipped for obtaining
money on a sympathetic basis.
The preponderance of these plans were
calculated to follow the advice given by
David Harum in a horse trade: "Do the
other fellow before he does you." As one
result of this system United States Dis
trict Attorney Gay to-day issued a war
rant for their arrest.
SEATTLE. Sept. 18.— C. Edwin Sum
mers, lawy en arrived in Seattle one year
ago. He departed about one month ago.
His stay was short but meteoric. On his
arrival he had little besides a trunk full
of good clothing and a wife gifted with a
pleasing appearance and an energetic de
votion to her husband's plans.
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
"A woman came to me yesterday with
a pitiable story of the mistreatment of
her husband by the strikers. He is a
porter and he went out with his union.
After a while he could endure no longer
to see his family starving: and he ¦went
to work again for his former employer.
The strikers lay in wait for him and beat
him most cruelly. He is now nearly re
covered and is anxious to get to work,
but mortal fear assails him whenever he
grets twenty feet from his own door. His
wife intended to go to the- newspapers
and tell their story, but she was given
to understand that if she did or if her
husband went back to work the strik
ers will retaliate upon the whole family.
Site came down at once and begged of
me not to give her name to the report
ers."
"lhe dissatisfied strikers are being kept
in line not merely by the fear of attacKs
and brutal beating's. They are given to
understand that they will be killed if
they do not stand by the union. Fear
of that is what keeps many from going
back to worlr.
'•The record of the hospitals and City
Prison show the situation to be most out
rageous. And yet I do not believe that
more than one assault in ten gets into
the papers or is recorded at the Jail or
hospitals. A non-union man is attacked
and beaten and left half dead. Possibly
he is able to go home, or friends help
him heme. His injuries are dressed by
nis wife or if more serious bv his physi
cian, and nothing: is ever known to "th«s
public of the attack.
Manager George Renner of the Dray
men's Association says that if violence
continues to increase he does not doubt
a vigilance committee will be formed to
attempt to secure the enforcement of the
law.
The eve of the nation's day of mourn
ing brought few developments in the
strike situation. To-day there will be
an almost entire cessation of business in
the wholesale district and on the water
front, and it is not expected that the con
troversy will assume any new phases
whatever.
Vigilance Committee the Re
course if Violence In
creases.
Alleged Culprit and His Wife
Are Believed to Be in #
San Francisco.
Edwin Summers of
Seattle.
Federal Warrant Out for
No Important Develop
ments in Labor
Controversy.
PILFERS MONEY
FROM A LETTER
STRIKE FORCES
BIDE THEIR TIME
Miss Priscilia A. Davies, a Popular Young
. Society Belle, arid Frederick !K. Finkle- a
Los Angeles Civil Engineer, Are Wedded
RECEPTION FOLLOWS A WEDDING
AT THE CENTRAL M. E. CHURCH
5
This experience has been repeated many
times. Not only In "Wisconsin, but In
every State In the Union. It was Indeed
a lucky day for this youn?r man wiaen hl3
attention was called to Peruna, What
would have been the result had he con-
tinued suffering on and fooling away
precious time with other remedies, no man
can tell. But lt is almost certain that it
would have ended In incurable Eright's
disease of the kidneys, which sooner or
later would have proved fatal.
Peruna is a sure cure for Incipient
Bright's disease of the kidneys. Taken
In the early stages of this disease, It
cures permanently. Bright's disease al-
ways begins with catarrh of the kidneys.
Peruna cures catarrh, wherever located.
Congressman Bankhead's Statement.
Congressman J. H. Bankhead cf Ala-
bama, one of the most Influential mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, in
a letter written from "Washington. D. C.
gives his indorsement to the great ca-
tarrh remedy, Peruna. in the following
words:
"four Peruna is one of tho best
medicines I ever tried, and no family
should be without your remarkable,
remedy. As a tonic and a catarrh
cura 1 know of nothing better." — J.
H. Bankhead.
Samuel R. Sprecher. Junior Beadle
Court Angelina No. 3422, I. t). O. F.. 205
High street. Los Angeles. Cal.. writes:
"I came here a few years ago suffer-
ing with catarrh of the kidneys, in search
of health. I thought that the climate
would cure me. but found that I was mis-
taken, but what the climate could not do
Peruna could and did do. Seven weeks'
trial convinced me that I had th« right
medicine and I was then a well man. , I
know of at least twenty friends anct mem-
bers of the lodge to which I belong who
have been cured of catarrh, bladder and
kidney trouble through the use of Peruna
and it has a host of friends In this city."—
Samuel R. Snrecher.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement^ of your case, and he WiM
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Quickly Develops Into Bright's Disease
[PE-RU-NA CURES CATARRH WHEREVER LOCATED.]
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE POHEI&VJ
t The Tailor
Makes the best fitting
clothes in the State at
- very moderate prices.
1 Pants m or l cSr$4.50t 3 SID
Suits m orde e r?515.SQt o S5D
201-203 Montgomery Street
III0-II12 Market Street
SAN FRANCISCO
. 143 South Spring Street
LOS ANGELES
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, foot of Mark.** fill.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. SaUirdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. rn.
San Ra?nel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3.40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. . .
Leave j In Effect j Arriva
San Francisco. |AprlI 2S. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am'
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Itosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
• 7:30 am Windsor. , 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30_pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|lC:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
I 7:30 am 10:40 am 10 :25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6 :20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and I
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen.J 6:C3 pm| 6:20 pm
¦ 7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:40 ami 10:25 am
2:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasss Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland SpririKs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Rlveraide, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. .Ore's Hot
Sprlnss, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Wllllts, Laytonville/ Cummins,
Bell's Sprint:*, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to - Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duecd rates.
On Sundays round-trlD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlnc.
H. C. WHITING. *H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
: Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Daily
Lt. San Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00p '4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno.... 2:05 p "2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27.p 7:06 a
•' Vlsalla.... 3:40 p ...'..... 4:43 a
"Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a .'.
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00p
a for mornins. p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carryins Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining:
Cars through to Chicago. ' Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second- ;lass
tickets "honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:00* p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
, Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Frssno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally. \
• 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local.' stopping
st all points In San Joaquin Valleys Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 651 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak- ,
land. ¦ *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY I
tu SukUm r«rr-r«>i <r Xir»« m.
•MV* •»« r«»«. ' ¦ - »awt Ban ran*.
l£tZ —WEEK DAYS...,. *»'•*
8:00 a. it.) 12:15 r. u.
9:00a.m. .... . I:l5r. M.
10:00 A.M. I ' STTNDATm 1:30 P. IC
UaOA. M.,'V- BUNDAT1 - 4:50 P. U.
130 P. U. • 6:50 P. M.
a*0p. M.J 7:10 ». ic
F»r». g— . rifgliM t» 8iiMMW «at »*«i a. fl.f '
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., at Sansalito Ferry,
RAIIWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
Train* l«ai« nail «»rf> 4m to nr rl ¥• m
NAN riSANl'IMCO.
(Main Une, Foot of Market Street.)
»AW — FBOM JPI.Y It. 1901. — ARIUYJ
TiOOa Bmicte. Suisuu, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 0:3.1 p
9i00a Vt»tille, Wlot«ra, Rwnaey 7:33*
J«3U\ l>1wMiiex,SaulUiijou,VaUoJo. 2i»p»,
Callstoca and Sauia Bom «i£3p
8:OO * Darts, Woodland. Knignts Laodlak
M»rjSTllle. Oro»ill«.. 7s5.1t
8:00* Atlantic Kxpress— Ojden and Em* 13:2.1?
»:<»«* Ntlea, Lathrop. Stockton ii'&*t
SiOOaNUss, Mendota, Hanford. Visail*.
Porterrillo ....-.".I 4:33»
SiSOa Shasta Expreu— Davis. WilUama (fox
BwtleM SpriupX Wlllowi, Red
Bhifl. Portland:. ?>33»
»i30* Ban Joae, - IJfennore, Stockton.
IoiiB, Sacramento. FlaceniUa, .
Mujnllle, Chico. Itoct Rlnff 4iS3»
• iStA Oakdale^ Cbtuesa (Yuaemlte), So-
nera, Carters 4:2.3?
OiOOa Haywird, Nile* and Way Station*.. 1 ¦>».*> a
•'••a Vallejo lsttSOr
ViOWaLos Angeles Express — MaTtlnoi, .
Txaoy, f,*t)iror>. rftocktOD, Meroed
FreRiio and Los Angeles 7:23 p
0:30a Valleto. Martinet au<l Way Stations ?:.?3r
IOiOOA The Overland Limited— Otden, D«q.
Ter. Omaha. Chicago e>»3p
tl:«Or SaeraiueuUt KI?er Hieomer* 15:O»A
8:30r Hsyward, Nilei and Way Buttons.. 7:33r
4iV0r lieulcla. Winters, tiaoraiuento,
Woo. 11 and, KnighU J*andkif.
UsryaTilU, Orotllle 10:33a
4i««p Martiuex, Hau lUiuou. Vallejo,
N»I>n, (.'»llst(>K». HanU Uosa WiS3%
4:OOy Nile*. LlTermore, Stockton. Lodl... 18'23y
4i3t>r Harward. mien, fiau Joae, LiTennoro tS'S^A
4iSOp Port Oua^a. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1oi25a
3:V*rThe Owl Limited— Fieauo, TuUie,
Bakersfleld. Saugiia for Suuta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles '. ' St53i
• BtOOp Marrtn'i. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12x23p
«iO«?Tosamlt9 12:x3y
3j30p New Orlems Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakenfield. 1to% Angeles,
Dcminr. £1 Paso, New Orleans
and E»at 7i5S1a
ItOOp Hay ward, Nilos and San Jc«». ...... ~>3.j*
f»»O»p Vallejo #..... H!S3t
OiOwr Oriental Mail— Ojden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 12:23?
¦sOOp Oriental Mad— Ogden, Denver.
Bt Louis. Chicago. 4s23p '
7:«0r Oregon aud California ISxpresa.Mao-
mniento. Muryitllle. XleiMhifr.
Portland, l'nget Mound and Kast 8:33*
¦•••IpSan Pablo, Fort C'oata. Martinez
and Way Stations 11>33a
JW:O3p TalHo 7i5.»p
COAST LINE (.Narrow Ua» K e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
} "i :43a Santa Cruz Excursion to -iar.ti Cm
and Principal Way Stations tS:03p
¦iISa Newark. t!enter?!I]e,8a» Jose, Pulton,
Uoiildar Creek.Sauta Oruz and Way
SUtlunn 8i3Q»
tSilllp Newark, Center* Itle. San .lose, Heir
' Almaileu, Celton. llonliler Creek,
Santa, <!ruz and l'rluelp%l Way
Stations lOtfinA
4rlSp Newark. Hau Joae, I,os Oatos tM:r»i»»
«<;15pOIenwood.BonIderCreelr, 8tctaCru» «W:3«»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm Sli JUXCISCO— fjot *t Xuktt Street (Sli? !)—
17:15 »:00 Jl.OOi.M. 1:33 3:03 S:13r.«.
rriaOilUID— r**t'*tBra>4wiT.— ta : 00 |S:04 13:03
10:00 i.H. »:C3 2:03* i:S3r.M.
COAST IjINB (KrnmUiitHijfl).
(Third »¦¦<! 'l'ownaeml Stsi.)
HiIOa San Joae and Way Htaticns. «>::»a
17:00a Hau Jose and Way Stations ls.1»r
/7:«mia New Aluiatlen / «:H'r
17120a Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
flar.ta Cruz. PtdSo Grore and
Principal Way Stations {S:3S»
• iOOa Han Jose. EoUlster. HhiiU Crux.
Pacillc <)rov«, tialinaa. Han Lois
Oblspo, Saata Barbara and Prin-
cipal Intermediate .SUtloiis... 7>n**
l»sS«ASan Jtae aud Way Stal lona. Cs3up
I ItSOA Hau Joae and Way Station 3>3up
fXt'lftp San Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanUOIars, Han Jnae.
Ilo'Jlster, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey niul Facltic Urcvrs f 10:434
i BiSOp San Jotr, Tres Plnoa, Santa Cnxz,
Pacific Orore and Way Stations 4>l0f
fftlSpSanJoseaud Principal Way Stations UiiS*
t3:00r San Jos*, Los Oatos and Principal
TTay Stations i9:OO»
StSftr flan Josoami Principal Way .Stations* S:3Sa
•tvOp Bedwocd, Han Josa. GOroy, Sallnu,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles...... 10>A5a
•tSvp Ban Jose and Way Stations fSsOiu
«lli43p San Jnse and Way Stations 7:^0p
¦ « A for Moraine. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday exeepted. t ftnnday only,
a Saturday only. « Mondiy .
« Saturday tni Bcnday. / Tuesdays tnd Fridays,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry. '
Commencing April 28, laOL
FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30 11 a. m..
12:45, 1:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, •6:15. 8:« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:00, »10;00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45. «l:20. 2:30. »3:43. 5:00, «:00. 7:39
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. • ¦
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:17. 7:47. 8:33, 10JJ
a. m.. *12:25. 1:13, 2:20. *3:35. 4:45. 5:30 ?. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. dl
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. 9:45. ni:0O a. m. •«
m.. 1:00. 1:15. •3:30. 4:30. '5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:18
P. m." i •
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:43, 7:55. 8:55. 10:*»
a. m.. 12:33, 1:43. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13:15.
1:20. 2:30. 3:43. 8:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
(:53 a. m. week day*— Cazadero and way sta-
tions
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
i 8:02 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - --
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlons.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(i'JO BEABS7 SX. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of 1'rlvsto
Diseases, Lo«t Manhood. Debility or
dlju>ase wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures'w lien
others fall. Try him. Charges low. -
Cnrei> frnaranterd. CaII or writ*
IM-. J. 1'. filBSOX. tiau Francisco. Cal. _
John Herziger, son of Alderman Her-
zlgrer of Neenah. Wis.. and vice president
of the Neenah Young Men's Club, writes
in a recent letter to The Peruna Medicine
Co. of Columbus, Ohio, the following:
"After suffering for two years with
kidney trouble I received relief and a
cura from using your wonderful med-
icine, Peruna.
"For months I was unable to work
on account of a severe pain in my
back, and when I was able to do any-
thing I was in pain and distressed
most of the time.
I "Hearing so much of the good re-
sults people had obtained through the
use of Peruna I determined to give it
a trial, and it was a lucky day for me
when I did so.. I am well now and it
only took a few bottles of Peruna.'.' —
John . Herziger, 307 Commercial
street, Neenah, Wis.
Two years suffering with catarrh of the
kidneys, unable to work on account of the
severe pain; could find r>/> relief from
medicine; gave Peruna a trial and' was
promptly cured— such was the experience
of John Herziger of Wisconsin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MILWAUKEE; PEOPLE
Could Hardly Beliere It.. A
Prominent Woman Saved From
Death by Lydia £.- Pinkham's
; Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham :— I suppose a
large number of people who read of
my remarkable cure will hardly believe
it ; had I not experienced it. myself, 1
know that I should not. '¦
miis. sadie i?. Koch.
" I suffered fbr months with
troubles peculiar to women which
gradually broke down my^ health and
my very .life. 1 was "nearly insane
with pain at times, and no human
skill I consulted in Milwaukee could
IMng mej-clief. . • /
¦ My attention was called to Lydla
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Cora-
- pound ; the first bottle brought re-
'lief, and the second bottle an absolute
"cure. I could not. believe it myself,
and felt sure it was only temporary,
but blessed fact, I have now been well
year, enjoy the best of health,
and cannot in words express my grat-
itude. Sincerely yours, Sadie E. Koch,
124 10th St., Milwaukee, Wis. n —ss000
forfeit If above testimonial Is not genuine. ,
Such unquestionable testimony
proves the power of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound over
diseases of women.
Women should remember that
they are . privileged to consult
Mrs. Pinkham, at L.ynn, Mass.,
about their illness, entirely free.
LEADI-IG BUSINESS, COLLEGE OF THE WEST
.24 Post Bt, Sin Francisco^ CaJ.
Established Nearly. 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
<.'..:. "Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
8AN FRANCISCO* BUSINESS COLLEGE,
; 1230 Market Street. :
Actual business bookkeeping: only expert ac-
countants and : reporters as teachers; Oregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. - Day and evenln?. FULL COURSE. $60./Tflnra iffr — n HJMjrtftjuJ^^tl*! (Ml 231 Jl I
THURSDAY .......SEPTEMBER io» i9°*
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litnit All CemmttietUofii to W. S. LEAKS, Kuagsr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Prew 204
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postaaet
WtAILY CALL. {Including Sunday), one year $6.00
£AH.T CALL (lncludine Sunday). 6 months 8.00
jkMlLY CALL (Including Eunday), S i_onths «... 1.50
JAiLY CALL— By Single Month C5o
kJTWOAY CALL* One Tear l.»
WCEKL.Y CALU One Year i. l-°*
All postmasters are authorized to receive
•nbserlptlons.
Strnple copies -will be forwarCed when requested.
txuSl subscribers In orderlne change of address should bs
f grUcolar to cIto both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n order
>» insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
6A.KLAXD OFFICE lilS Broadway
C. GEORGE KItOG.VESS.
Vwatger Foreign AdrertuiEg, Kargnett* Bniltisg, Chic go.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
PROMINENT DIVINE MENTIONED
FOR THE PRIMACY OF THE EPIS
COPAL, CHURCH.
excursion as a. "long, white scream of
Joy." and was called .to account by a cor
respondent, who said that a scream could
be long, but not white. 'Whereupon the
editor justified himself by urging that "a
hue Is often associated with a cry."
Cleveland Plain Dealer. ¦ <
A New York couple were married a short time ago
in an. undertaker's shop at midnight. The museums
of Gotham seem to' be allowing, good material to go'
to waste. " ' . '
•¦>¦":¦• >•« ¦. \ '¦¦': •¦•"';¦ •:•¦¦ t
-..In nominating Mr. Schmitz . of the Musicians'
Union for the office of Mayor the Union Labor party
has donewell. We need harmony in the municipal
government, and in providing it Mr. Schmitz can
It goes without sayjng that the crime of Czolgosz
will help the passage of an effective immigration re
striction bill, and perhaps after the long delay we
may get the desired law at the coming session of
Congres's.
' The Czar and the Kaiser held their recent inter
view on; warships far out at sea, Vo no anarchist had
a chance at. them, and doubtless the French police
would be very glad if they could devise a means of
rendering the Czar's visit to Paris equally safe.
One of the curious things about the assassination
of the President is a number of persons cropping- up
in all parts of the country who had heard reports of
a conspiracy to commit the crime but who never
thought of saying anything about it.
It;is not often that outsiders say • better things
about us' than we say about ourselves, but sometimes
they do. For example, the Atlanta . Constitution
says: "The Merchants' . Association of San Fran
cisco has broken the power of the evil and unclean
gangs and placed the city on a healthy foundation."
It will be" perceived that while the report is correct
as to the intent, it is rather premature as to the ac
complishment. ¦ • ..
The old saying it is an ill wind that blows good to
nobody appears to be holding true even in the case
of the assassination of the President, for ever since
the commission of the crime the number of people
visiting the Temple of 'Music at the^Buffalo expo
sition out of curiosity has given the show something
in the nature of a boom. . . .
Mr. Bryan has at last admitted that he sometimes
makes mistakes. In a recent number of the Com
moner he admits receiving a book entitled, "Ellen,
or the Whisperings of an Old Pine," and apologizes
for having in a previous number made the word
"pine" read "pipe." It is hardly necessary to add
that he attributes the wrong to a typographical error.
On the other hand the objectors declare that to ac
cept a gift of the kind would be to make the Metro
politan a receiver of stolen goods, knowing them to
have been stolen. The Springfield Republican urges
a further objection in the statement: "To a nice
conscience these treasures of the consummate skill
of great Chinese artists for famous centuries will al
ways remain tainted not . with the stain of pillage
alone, but with the disgrace and blood of - innocent
; beings slain."
The officials of the museum are reported to be
quite sure that an art museum can properly be made
the custodian of lost, provided the loot have an ar
tistic value, and provided further that there be a way
of eliminating the word loot from consideration of
the problem. Thus the curator is quoted as saying:
"The collection cannot now be called loot, since it
has been put up at auction. It has had a commercial
experience." Another defender of the rightfulness
of accepting the donation says that art collections
made in that way are not novelties. It recalls the
fact that Napoleon looted the galleries and the
churches of nearly all Europe for the purpose of en
riching the great collections at the Louvre; that the
British Museum contains certain marbles of . the
Parthenon which Elgin bought from the Turks, who
looted. them from Athens; and, finally, many of the
great monumental works of art in Rome were looted
from subject cities. * '
.There is no question, of legality involved in the
issue. It is conceded that the gentleman who offers
the articles to the museum has a legal right to them.
He did not himself loot them. He purchased them at
auction in China from persons who had obtained them
by the simple process of taking them. The collection
is said to be large enough to fill several railway cars
and includes many valuable porcelains, bronzes,
wood carvings, ivories, paintings and silks. That
they would constitute an important exhibit in any
collection of oriental art is not denied. The one ob
jectionable feature about them is that they would
be looked upon by some persons as an exhibit of loot
rather than as a exhibit of art.
The cause of the discussion is that the articles con
tained in the gift are parts of the spoil that was ob
tained in the looting of China— that is to say, the
gift is virtually made-up of stolen property, and the
debate turns upon the moral right of the museum to
accept gifts of that kind.
AS a means of relieving their minds from the
perplexities of the problem of organizing a
combination strong enough to assure a tri
umph for honesty in the approaching city election
the people of New York have undertaken a discus
sion of the relation of morals to art. It is not an
academic discussion merely, for it relates to a gift
which has been offered to the Metropolitan Museum
of Art in that city; r.or yet is it strictly a practical
question, for it is well known what the issue will
be. In feet, it is. just the kind of a question most
likely to give rise to spirited i'tcbate .without com
pelling aijy one to commit himself decidedly one
way or the other.
It is certainly a curious anomaly in our law that
while it. makes such careful provision for the protec
tion of mail carriers it ignores the dangers that sur
round the Presidency, and it is well nigh certain that
at the coming session of Congress some effort will
be made to provide by Federal law for the punish
ment of persons who assail the President and the
chief officers of the Government
The section in the Federal statute, which in this
connection is sufficiently interesting to be quoted in
full, reads thus: "Section 5472— Any person who
shall rob any carrier, agent or other person intrusted
with the mail, of such mail, or any part thereof, shall
be punishable by imprisonment at hard labor for not
less than five years and not more than ten years;
and if convicted a second time of a like offense, or if
in effecting such robbery the first time the robber
shall wound the person having custody of the mail,
or put his life in jeopardy by the use of dangerous
weapons, such offender shall be punishable by impris
onment at hard labor for the term of his natural life."
Despite the earnestness of those who favor drastic
laws upon the subject, the general tone of the discus
sion has been adverse to such measures. The people
are not yet willing to admit that the President of the
republic needs any other provision for his safety than
that which the law affords to every citizen. The dis
cussion, however, has brought to light a curious
anomaly in our statutes in that respect. The Bos
ton Transcript directs public attention to the fact
that under the New York law had the President sur
vived the . maximum penalty which could have been
inflicted upon the assassin would ¦ have been ten
years' imprisonment, while under the Federal statutes
a similar assault upon a mail carrier would have been
punishable by imprisonment for life.
WHEN it was believed that the President
would recover from his wound and that the
assassin would therefore under the law of
New York escape the death penalty, there was a
good deal of discussion concerning the proper
method of dealing with persons who the
assassination of a President of the United States.
Some authorities declared in favor of drastic meas
ures. Ex-Attorney General Griggs, for example, is
quoted as having recommended the passage of an
act making an attempt upon the life of the President
or any of the hjgher officers of the Government a
capital offense, whether it succeed or not, and pro
viding punishment by imprisonment for life for any
person convicted of- being a member of an organi
zation which teaches the murder of public officials.
ART AND MORALS.
The day of poison in the mental food of this peo
ple is over. They are using tongs to cast the Exam
iner into the gutter, where the scavenger will find it
and carry it away to defile the garbage with which
it rides :n his cart and rests upon the dumps. Tol
erance for it and those who make it what it is is at
tn end. Patience with its gorilla lusts, baboon mal
ice and monkey-shines is exhausted, and nothing it
may do will sugar and shine it to a disguise that may
jerrr.it its entry again into decent company. -— *; ;
San Francisco is in sackcloth' and ashes. Grief for
the dead is in the lines of all good men's faces and
in the hearts of all good women. But mingled with
it is a shame that downcasts- every eye when it is
remembered that here Hearst journalism took root,
tried its 'prentice hand and spread hence like a pes
tilence. Here the mangy pup gnawed its first bone,
did its first snapping and snarling at private charac
ter, yip'ped its earliest ululations against law and or
der and grew to be a dog bad enough and big enough
to invade any fold at night, cut any throat with its
fangs, and seek the blood of the best: • But San
Francisco is repenting of her . indifference to the
growth of this beast and will cleanse her hands of
further responsibility for its existence.
The era of such impudence is over. The light of
exposure broke too late to save the life of a President
who has fallen, the most distinguished human sacri
fice of all time, to the greed, malice and venom of a
school of journalism which, with the name of its
founder, will be cremated in the fires of patriotic
wrath. . .
The Press now keenly analyzes the effect of the
notoriety that Hearst sought and that Mr. Cleveland
refused to be used in promoting.
WILLIAM R. HEARST: I decline to permit my sor
row for the men who died on the Maine to be .perverted
Into an advertisement for the Xew York Journal.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
One man whom he attempted .to use as a bill
board struck back at him a blow with the impact of
a cannon-ball. Hearst chose the corpses of the ten
score men who died on the Maine as an advertise
ment and organized a. movement to collect money to
erect to them a New York Journal monument. As
his vice presidents in this attempt he even secured
such men as Levi P. Morton and William C. Whit
ney, or said he had. He then wrote to ex-President
Cleveland for consent to use his name as a Journal
vice president. The keen intelligence, courage and
manhood of Mr. Cleveland saw through the wretched
scheme, and he answered in this curt note, which
should be framed and set over the desk of every pub
lic man in the United States:
Every event that focused public interest was seized
upon by Hearst, not for legitimate newspaper use,
but for special advertising of himself. His hired liars
gave Ananias the right to a new trial by their fakes
and inventions. In this way he published faked in
terviews with the Pope, the Queen Regent of Spain
and Mrs. McKinley. These were absolute inven
tions. No such interviews were given. His hirelings
never reached the presence of Pope, Queen or Presi
dent's wife. But Hearst wanted a reputation for en
terprise that would advertise him, and so the inter
views were invented and published. His offenses of
that kind against truth, decency and good conscience
were legion, and the exposure of one only stimulated
the inventio\i of another. By simulating interest in
some public question he would induce public men of
reputation to appear in his papers over their own sig
nature, only to characterize them as his "commis
sioners," or members of his staff, and put them in the
humiliating position cf sandwich men, toting his yel
low advertisement. All such as were so used by him
feel now keenly that they were being used to give
respectability and quasi-indorsement to the riot, an
archy and murder taught in his noisome papers.
' I "»H£ New York Press, whose editor was threat-
I ened by Hearst in an attempt to make that
*• paper desist from its exposure of the crime
breeding course of Hearst's papers, has laid down a
rule for the extinction of such journalism as Hearst
has originated and practiced. The remedy is prop
erly stated to lie with the people, by ignoring the cul
prit and his papers and refusing to be used as sand
wich men to advertise both.
A LEGAL ANOMALY.
YELLOW ADVERTISING.
iB Headlining and introducing an editorial
I from the New York Journal in our edition
firf yesterday an error was made by
cnarging that its publication occurred on
September 1 3, while the President was dy
ing. This was a mistake, occurring by haste
arm inadvertence, and due to the fact that
the New York Journal editorial was repro
duced in the Commercial-Tribune of Cincin
nati on September 1 3. We desire to be just
even to the unjust. The editorial was pub
lished in the Journal a few weeks prior to the
assassination of the President and is re
garded by public opinion as one of the in
fluences leading to that event, and was not
concurrent with the accomplishment of the
purpose which it seemed to express.
A CORRECTION.
In lineage the dead President was the last of his line. He sleeps beside his dead.
His father and his mother and his children rest by .his side, and the leaves of autumn
strew the place of their repose. But the high example of his lofty life leaves a lineage
that death cannot destroy and its inspiration will be as immortal as the republic.
This is a day of significance. Its tears will be dried, its somber trappings and all
its pomp and circumstance of solemn pageantry will pass away, but history will linger
long and fondly upon the story of which it is the last chapter. -
Life at its best is brief. Men bear their burdens for a day only and: the load falls
and its carrier is not. But as compared to the longest life and all that it may achieve,
how very brief those years in which his greatest work was done, but how eternal its im
pression!
The history of that brief space, between March 4, 1897, and the moment that his
heart ceased to beat, covers more of human tragedy, of the sport and change of fortune,
the alternation of storm and sunshine, the uplifting of a people from want and idleness
to plenty and occupation, than passed before in the history of man. In that timelthe
shell of the past burst and a new world issued fullfledged; and he saw it; all, and -was 'it~3
conscious impulse. He impressed all people with some expression of his genius, which
they wear as their password to a better life. Far China salutes his ' memory, as the
Just Man, and those whom he delivered as the Man of Power. ; <
From his high place he ministered through 1 'wise administration to the materialities
of his countrymen, and was not only commander in chief of his country's army' and
navy, but of his country's commercial conquest of the world. When he first uttered the
great oath which obligates a President, chaos was upon industry and labor was on famine
rations. When from his death bed he looked his last upon the beautiful trees plenty was
bursting the storehouses and piled every table.
- ¦¦-. - ¦«._.-¦ | • ....... •..-.,
TO-DAY the last rites are observed and the mortal presence of the dead President
passes from sight, through that narrow door that at last closes upon all human
ity. While standing on the dome of his career there passed before him a paro
rama of events *that stirred his country to the depths. For the second tinie he
heard the call to arms. ' When the first sounded it thrilled his boyish heart and nerved
him to spring from obscurity into history. The second time his own hand rang the
tocsin, and in response thousands left the furrow and the forge, like him emerging into
the trials and sufferings of the larger life and risk, to which the ineffable inspiration of
patriotism calls men and they come heedless of restraint. The survivors of the Civil War
heard the bugle call once more, and Union and Confederate soldier alike, forgetting their
battles and differences, saluted the old flag and marched side by. side to vindicate the
majesty of their country and its institutions. He saw the last embers of civil strife and
sectional hate smolder and die, and the vision" of a reunited people' become reality. He
saw the empire of Philip II die, swathed in all its sins, and its epitaph blazoned with all
its virtues. He saw the dream of that world-grasping monarch fade in the sunshine of
an awakened world and the proud estate of its Emperor probated to the republic.
He felt the thrill that was upon us as our regiments marched away and the pall that
fell upon our spirits as the helpless dead came back to their narrow homes.
DUST TO DUST.
BISHOP POTTER MAY BEGGME PRIMATE
OF EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN AMERICA
zatlons he found time to Interest Unrelt
in public questions of great moment.^ He
started the great movement to overthrow
Tammany Hall and he has always de
nounced that organization for the bribery
and crookedness found in the govern-
m To t B°iihopl»ott 0 e r r's influence is ito -the
building of the beautiful cathedral ofSt.
John the Divine, in New York City This
edifice is to cost $15,000,000. and win not
only be the most costly but the largest
in the New World.
Bishop Potter's great ability has long
been recognized by his church, o : which
he has been recognized as the facto
head in the United States. He will ar
rive in this city about September 30 and
will be asked to deliver an address at a
public meeting on "Civic Reform.
Harlem Friend-So you have to move on
account of the children? Why. I thought
there was no objection to children In this
fla Mrs Plncherflat (reslsnedly)-Thero
wasn't when we moved in. But the new
Jnltor Ts a bachelor and he objects to
them.— Washington Star.
A London paper described a children's
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL;. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19; 1901
In the face of the deep sorrow into
which our country has been; plunged
through the assassination of its beloved
President, I can not refrain from express
ing my indignation and contempt for the
Examiner and its consorts, which I hold
in part responsible for this, diabolical
crime, i . ' . '
It is a pity that such outrages cannot
be reached by the hands of Justice. But
there are other ways and means to reach
them, and that is absolute withdrawal of
patronage. . ¦ ¦ ' »
Any citizen or business house who will
hereafter, support them, .either as sub
scriber or advertiser, will thereby in
dorsa and approve of the policy of such
papers and will run the risk of being con
sidered confederates of them. ¦¦ :¦.
It rests entirely with the people' to dis
courage any such shameful Journalism in
the future.
Remember the 6th of September!
CLAUS THIESSEN.
105 Mason street. , ¦ , . "
Duty of the American People.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— The follow
ing Californians have arrived at the ho
tels: ¦ Raleigh — H. R. Newberry and
wife, Los Angeles; Miss B. M. Silver, Ne
vada City. Arlington— Harold Mack, San
Francisco. . National— J. J. All uny, Cali
fornia. Metropolitan— J. E. Hayden,. San
Francisco. Riggs — J. R. Johnson and
wife, Riverside.
Californians in Washington.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The following
Calif brniahs have arrived:
San Francisco— R. Dollar and wife,
Mls3 G. Dollar, at the Astor; Miss D.
Hamlin, at the Vendome: R. M.
at the Imperial; Mrs. T. M. Osmont, Miss
Osmont, at the Normandie; L, Beret, A.
L. Conlln. at the Manhattan; I. Fried
man, G. L. Kohlberg, at the Herald
Square; J. D. French, R. B. Marshall,
Mrs. W. L. Whelan, at the Grand Union;
W. B. Isaacs, at the Holland.
Los Angeles— W. R. Bird, at the Cri
terion; W. H. Bradley, at the St. George;
Mrs. T. Bright, at the Manhattan; L.
Scanlan, at the New Amsterdam. ..
San Diego— Miss L. Quick, at the Al
bert. . .
Californians in New York.
"W. G. Dickey, a Fresno banker, is at the
Lick.
Dr. S. S. Bogle of Santa Rosa Is at the
Lick.
Dr. E. "Wilsocckl of San Jose Is at the
Palace.
R.' E. Peakes, a traveler from London,
is at the Palace.
Dr. F. M. Archer of Redding Is regis
tered at the Grand.
jr D. Llnkershim. a banker of Los An
geles, Is at the Palace. *
W..A. Alien, a wealthy Chicago manu
facturer, is at the Lick.
George E. Stickle, a mino owner of An
gels Camp, is at the Lick.
TV. O. Smith. ex-District Attorney of
Hawaii, Is at the Occidental.
H. Wittenberg, a wealthy merchant of
Portland, Or., .s at the Grand.'
W. A. Niel, a prominent railroad man
of Tucson, Ariz., is at the Grand.
The Rev. C. A. Hyde, a minister of Fort
Worth, Tex., is at the Occidental.
J. B. Howard, a. Stockton mining man,
is at the Russ en route to Alaska.
C. Stewart, a traveler from Rangoon,
Burmah, is a guest at the Palace.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker. Is at
the Palace accompanied by his wife.
Fred Dodd, the Fresno hotel man, is at
the Lick, accompanied by his wife.
Charles Monroe, an attorney and politi
cian of Los Angeles, is at the Palace. %
J. B. Carroll, a wealthy cattle raiser
of Elko, Nev., is a guest at the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Morse of Santa
Clara are registered at the California,
ANSWERS . TO QUERIES
REAL, ESTATE— L., City. It is in viola
tion of what is known as the lottery law
in the State of California to dispose of
real estate by raffle.
RUSSIAN VESSELr-J. L., Oakland.
Cal. The displacement of the Russian
cruiser Novlck, built at Danzig, Ger
many, not Kiel, is 3000 tons. Her horse
power Is 17,000.
TOM FITCH— G. G. G., City. This de
partment is unable to find any record of
the death of Tom Fitch, the "silver
tongued orator of Nevada." On the 17th
of March, 1S99, he delivered an address at
a banquet in New York City.
DIFFERENCE IN TIME-H. S. D.,
City. The difference in time between San
Francisco and Buffalo, N. Y., is three
hours and thirty-five minutes. Between
San Francisco and Montreal. Canada, it
is three hours and twenty-three minutes.
REFORM SCHOOL-H. J. R., City. The
Preston School of Industry, commonly
called the reform school, is. located at
lone, Amador County. Boys are admitted
there on commitment by a court of com
petent jurisdiction. Suggest that you seek
advice as to your boy from the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
CZ6LGOSZ-K. E. B.. Gllroy; F. L. B.,
Petaluma, and others. City. There is no
combination of English letters that can
express in print the proper pronunciation
of the name Czolgosz. the anarchist and
murderer of President McKlnley. The
only, way to acquire the pronunciation is
to hear either a Pole of a Bohemian pro
nounce the name.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
Bishop was always a busy man In his
diocese and numerous charitable organi-
The Rev. Henry Codman Potter was
born in Schenectady, N. T., in 1835, and
was educated for the priesthood in Phil
adelphia. His rise in the Episcopal
church was rapid and his ability so ap
parent that in 1887 he was consecrated
Bishop of the New York diocese, the
largest in the United States.
It seems more than lively that the fa
mous Bishop, Right Rev. Henry Codman
Potter, will be elected to the primacy of
the church. Bishop Potter is a descend
ant of a noted family of divines. Hte
father, Alonzo' Potter, was for twentyi
years Bishop of Pennsylvania.
;One of the most important matters to
be considered- at the convention is the
election of a primate for the Episcopal
church, of this country.'
i Delegates will journey here from all
points of the United States and special
trains will be run- by the various rail
road companies to accommodate them.
After the convention concludes its labors
si great many of the delegates will visit
the various points of interest throughout
Ihe State. ! .-;
SIXTY Bishops, some 600 delegates
and about 3000 visitors will arrive
her within the next- two weeka
to - attend the Episcopal conven
• tlori..- The opening of the conven
tion, which will be a most important one, .
is scheduled for October 2.
6
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramns. Dr.
Siegert's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
' Unselfishness is one of the things that
Is unknown to politicians. .. '
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Stont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Closed Thursday.
W. S. Townsend,' 639 Market Btreet. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Choice candles, I Townsend'a. Palace Hotel*
Next Sunday's Call
. - ¦ ¦ •
PHESIDENf ROOSEVELT AND
FAMILY.
WHITE MAN WHO GAVE UP
EVERYTHING FOR HIS
FILIPINO LOVE.
Remarkable stary of the white Bismarck
dwelling among the Igorrotes of Luzao.
THE BARED ARM G!RL IS
HERE.
You will want to know who she is and j
all about her.
THE HUMAN BEAST OF BUR-
; DEN. #
Do you know who he I»?
RXHEST INDIAN GIRLS IN
• AMFDFPA
** * • I HI s> V^/^ ff
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST
STORIES.
From Ordinary Seaman to Rear=Admiral
The Remarkab'.e Story of the Hiie'of O. W. Farenholt. U. S. N.
« ¦ ¦ »¦"•¦•«¦ ¦^¦JB^Bsbs^^BdmbsBBSBsBBH \NEW YORK, Sept. 18— The trial games
between the athletes of Harvard and
Yale were postponed until Saturday af
ternoon because of wet grounds.
Trial Games Postponed.
CHICAGO, Sept. ,18.-The old American
Turf Congress is a thing of the past.
Representatives of the seven associations
comprising the organization met in tho
final annual session to-day. After a few
minutes' session It v/as voted to disband
the organization, which is superseded by
the Western Jockey Club. It was decided
that the "Western Turf Association of San
Francisco was not a member of the con
gress, as it had not lived up to the ru!e3
requiring annual race meetings.
Passing of Turf Congress.
The calling off of the race Is followed
to-nlght by a long review of the match
making ! from Mr. Lawson's pen. Mr.
Lawson offered the purse, the gate re
ceipts to go to charity. He says his offer
still stands for Friday. The hitch grows
out of Mr. Ketcham insisting that the
original agreement of a race between
Cresceus, Charlie Herr and Boralma,
made last December, be carried out. a
BOSTON. Sept. 18.— The trotting race
between The Abbot and Cresceus for a
$20,000 purse, scheduled to. take place nt
Readville next Friday, has been declared
off by the directors of the New England
Trotting-horse Breeders' Association. No
official reason is given for the change, but
it is understood the owner of The Abbot
refused to race.
Big Trotting Match Is Off.
No Baseball To-Day.
Owing to the funeral of the late Presi
dent McKinley the ofllclals of the Califor
nia Baseball League have decided to post
pone until to-morrow the ball game sched
uled for this afternoon at Recreation
Park.
Seventy- two dog open stake — Pasha Kennel's
Roman Athlete vs. Pasha Kennel's Flyaway;
T. J. Cronin's Klllarney vs. Chlarini Brothers'
Master Workman; M. Nealan's Achilles vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; E. Geary's Min
nie Sankey vs. E. Geary's Roy Hughie; A. R.
Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld vs. H. Lynch" s A. J.
Martin; E. Geary's Fair Oaks vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple; P. Rellly's Lady Granard vs.
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; J. A. Klein's Cor
onado vs. W. Cairn's Gold Ore; J. H. Perlgo'a
Controller vs. W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; J.
Willis' Half Moon vs. P. J. Rellly's Glen Coe;
N. Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald vs. H.
Lynch's Cotton Ball; G. Sharman's Chicago
Boy vs. P. J. Rellly's Honesty; P. M. Curtis'
Boodle Boy vs. M. Sullivan's Toss; L. T. Bar
tel's Best Bargtln vs. J. I. O'Brien's States
man; J. Moriarity's Klttleman vs. G. Shar
man's Bowery Boy; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie
vs. Aeneid Kennel's Aeolus; T. J. Cronln's
Wild Tralee vs. E. Neave's Strayaway; J. I.
O'Brien's Wandering Tom vs. T. Barre's Ame
dee; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie vs. W. Cairn's
Imperial; Captain Clarkson's Sofala vs. Cap
tain Clarkson's Prompto; T. J. Mclnerney's
Regina R vs. Captain Clarkson's Miss Brurn
mel; M. Nealon's Agamemnon vs. P. Tiernan'»
General DeWet; E. Neave's First Foot vs. A.
R. Curtis' Loyal Lad; G. McKenna's Patriot
vs. P. Tiernan's Granuvllla; M. Walsh's Thorn
dale vs. F. Kirlln's Mike Wright; D. J.
Healy's Elista vs. Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter; A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King vs. C. O.
Petprson's Lady Nellie; P. Tiernan's General
Botha vs. C. O. Peterson's Haphazard: Star
Kennel's Fontenoy vs. Pasha Kennel's Rustic
Arbor: T. H. McNeil's Black Hawk vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta; A. R. Curtis' Leola (formerly
Rowena) vs. D. J. Healy's Fine Form; J. 3-f.
Halton's May Hempstead vs. T. Horn's Lady
Lisbet; M.> B. Parkinson's Ben Lomond vs.
Chlarini Brothers' Boney Boy; E. Geary's Ruby
Sankey vs. G. Nethercott's Red Rock; Kelly
& Hanley's Lusmagh Lad vs. T. J. Mcln«r
ney's Annie Hall; M. Nealon's Aeneas vs. W.
Creamer's Onward.
Special stake, thirty-two dogs— F. Jones' Hsr
lean Gladys vs. Chlarlni Brothers' White Hnt:
J. Markland's The Grafter vs. P. Jackson's
Golden Russet; G. Nethercott's Floodgate vs.
A. R. Curtis* Vulcan; Pasha Kennel's Rude
Awakening vs. F. S. Price's Brutus; G. Shar
man's Black Flush vs. Chlarlni Brothers' San
tonin; T. J. Mclnerney's Nora vs. E. Geary's
America; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. G. Gra
ham's Tyrone Prince; D. J. Healy*s Lady Clare
vs. A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox; P. Doyle's Lib
erator vs. D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy; A. R.
Curtis' King Cotton vs. E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vandal: A. R. Curtis' Charta vs. J.
R. McCarthy's John Doe; O. Zahl's Homer Boy
vs. P. M. Curtis' War Eagle; E. Neave'a Spite
ful vs. J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison; Star
Kennel's Game Boy va. A. R. Curtis' Nar
cissus; Star Kennel's Herschel's Pride vs. P.
M. Curtis' Shadow.
The card at Union Coursing. Park this
week will be made up of two stakes.
Thirty-two of the best greyhounds w!ll
meet in a special stake, which will be run
In its entirety on Sunday. Two rounds of
a seventy-two dog stake will be disposed
of Saturday, the remaining rounds being
disposed of Sunday. The draw resulted as
follows:
2:11 pace, purse $1500 (unfinished)— Don Riley
won the fourth and fifth heats in 2:16%, 2:12%.
Frazler won the second and third heats In
2-.1H4, 2:115«. Salem won the first heat in
2:11U. Fred M, Little Frank. Leah, G W P.
Coinctte. Flash S, Nona Maie, Carmellta,
Charles Sumner, Richard A and Guy Red also
started. . v
2:27 trot. J1500— Prince -Selma won the first,
third and fourth heats In 2:16%. 2:16%, 2:16.
Henrietta won the second heat in 2:15%. Laur
etta, Reel Reed. Betsy Tell. Ashland Cassell.
Fannie Riley, Lady Constania and Wentworth
also started. '
.The Hotel Honlg, $2000, for three-year-old
trotters, two In three— Walnut Hall won two
straight heats in 2:19, 2:16«4. - Hawthorne,
Boralma's Brother and Royal Coat also started.
The Gibson House, $3000. 2:09 class pace (two
heats decided yesterday) — Harold H won three
straight heats In 2:O3V4. 2:10, 2:08^. Corinne.
Little Squaw, Alcantr.r., Oarnetta and Argetta
al?o started".
The Oakley, $3000 (five heats paced yesterday)
—Terrace Queen won the first, second and
sixth heats In 2:12%, 2:11%. 2:12. Donna Mc-
Gregor won the third and fourth heats in 2:11V*.
2:17. Carnot won the fifth heat in 2:15. Tommy
Me, John H, Red Post, Jean Cuyler and New
Richmond also started. '
CINCINNATI. Sept 18.— Grand circuit sum
mary:
Trotting Races.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse— Van
Hoorebeke won, Tulla Fonso second, Dandy
Jim third. Time. 1:4S«4.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse— Tom Collins
won, Lunar second, Meddlesome third. Time,
1:13.
Second race, one mile, selling — George L«e
won, Kitty Glide second, Orris third. Time,
1:424.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Whltmore won, Pomella second, Dr. 'Lovejoy
third. Time, 1:23.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purae — Marque
won, Sambo second, Waklta third. Time,
1:15%.
First race, * ilx furlongs, . eelllng— Napoleon
Bonaparte won, Sallnda second, Llbble third.
Time. 1:15%.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 18.— Delmar Park results:
Sixth race, six furlongi, selling— Gray Dally
won. Myrtle Van second, Flop third. Time,
1:16%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, gell
ing—Katherine R won, Florctte second, Natalie
B third. Time, :57V4.
Third race, one mile, selling— Baffled won,
Colonel Valentine second, Advocater third.
Time, 1:45%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Flintlock won. In
vasion second, Hleaway third. Time, 1:14.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Cogswell
won, Boodle second, Roseblrd third. Time,
1:32*.
First race, six furlongs, selling— Toluca won,
Caloocan second. Miss Shanley third. Time,
1:19.
PORT ERIE, Ont., Sept. 13.— Results:
Third race, mil© and three-eighths— Flying
Torpedo won,. Alaska second, Little Elkln third.
Time, 2:21%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Merriment won,
McChesney second, Hargls third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Searcher
won. Brutal second, Obla third. Time, 1:48.
Sixth' race, one mile— Brownie Anderson won,
John Grigsby second, Bonnie Llssak third.
Time, 1:41%.
Seventh race, six and a half furlongs — South
Trimble won. Dark Secret second, St. Tam
many third. . Time, 1:22%.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Oom Paul
won,- Mornlngside second, Kinnikinnlc third.
Time, 1:49 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Blue Away won, Bowen second. Wild Pi
rate third'. Time, 1M7 1-5.
Sixth race, about six furlongs— Rowdy won,
Scotch Bush second, Elegy third. Time,
1:12 1-5.
CHICAGO. Sept 18.— Hawthorne results:
First race, seven furlongs— Artena won Miss
Zara second, Audle third. Time, 1:29%.
Second race, six furlongs— Denman Thomp
son won, Beadmaker second, Ranco third.
Time, 1:14.
First race, five and one-half furlongs,' handi
cap—The Rival won. Whisky • King second.
Sombrero third. Time. 1:09 2-5.
Second race, one mile and an eighth— Gold
Heels won. Wax Taper second. The Rhymer
third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
Third race, five and one-half furlongs— Lady
Godlva won, Mint Bud second, Octoroon third.
Time, 1:09 3-5.
Jere Dunn- protested against Leonora
Loring on the ground of irregularity in
entering the filly. She was nominated for
the Great Filly stakes by Major G. B.
Thomas. She is said to be owned jointly
by L,. M. Myers and John Daly, but Myers
appeared as the sole owner. Under the
rules the names of both owners should
have appeared. Gravesend results:
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The stewards of
the Coney Island Jockey Club to-day sus
tained the protest of , Jere Dunn against
the fllly, ' Leonora Lorinff, winner of the
Great Filly stakes. They disqualified her-
Much interest was taken at the Graves
end track to-day when the decision of the
stewards became known. The decision
gives the rich stake of $24,000 to William
C. Whitney, whose filly, Blue Girl, was
beaten a short head after a questionable
ride by Shaw, for which ha was suspend
ed three racing days. The matter must
now be submitted to the stewards of the
jockey club for their approval.
Two Stake3 Promise High-
Class Coursing for
This Week;
Winner Protested on the
Ground of Irregularity .
of Entry.
.Well-Matched Dogs to
Meet at Union .
Park.
W. C. Whitney's Blue
Girl Gets the Great
Filly Stakes. >
SPEEDY HOUNDS
IN GLASS STAKE
LEONORA L0RING
IS DISQUALIFIED
She Original Little Louisiana Company o?
Snn Francisco," Organized (January,
1887. Drawing September 14. 19O1.
Ko. 84,613 wins J7S0O, sold In San Francisco;
No. 61.2S5 wins $2000, gold In San Francisco;
No/ 88,150 wins flOCO, sold In San Francisco '
No. 97,01!) wins , 1500. sold In San Francisco 1
Nos. 23.3H9 and f.3,993 each win $250. - sold < In
San Francisco; Nos. 3150, 18.C86. 18,832 73 3U,
92,955 each win $100, spiu In San Francisco. ' • '
Amateur Boxing Bouts.
The regular monthly boxing exhibition
of the Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
will be held to-morrow evening in Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex. The principal
bout will be between Dan Danziger and
Joe Howard, 125-pound boxers. The other
boxers who are matched are:
Barney Driscoll vs. Dick Cullen, 105 pounds;
Ed Smith vs. Fred Landers, 130 pounds; Jack
McDonald vs. Jerry Mitchell, lit) pounds; Ed
Jackcon vs. Jack Capiless, • 122 pounds; Toddy
Everitt v>. Frank George. 1M pounds; Joe An
tell vs. Jameg Cronl?y, 120 pounds. •¦-•-,
The last days of sale for low rate Excursion
Tickets to the Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo will be October 3 and 4. Only $87 for
the round trip. The California Limited leaves
;at 9 a. m., October 3. Secure your reservations
early at the office of tpe ganta'Fe, 641 Market
ttrceU i • ; ' ¦ ¦' ¦ :'',-....' ,'\
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 18,—
.The first of the practice football games
on the campus will occur next Saturday
between the freshmen and Holtt's School
team. The '05 youngsters "have been lin
ing up regularly and are playing hard,
fast ball, although they, are as yet in poor
condition for a hard game. ' Van Sycklea,
Tarpey and Taylor were the particular
stars in the scrimmage between the two
freshmen teams this afternoon.
Stanford Football Men.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— The Reliance
Athletic Club officials have postponed the
boxing exhibition' which was set for
to-night until to-morrow night. The main
fight of the evening will be between Jack
Kane, of San Francisco and Perry Quoe
nan of Chicago. The men will fight fif
teen rounds. . . .
Queenan and Kane Will Fight.
A committee, consisting of E. C. Flagtr
T. Kirk.. Colonel A. K. Whltton, H F
Lord and Colonel Phllo Hersey, was
named to take the matter In charge. Peti
tions will be at once circulated for signa
tures. . ... . , ¦.
SAN JOSE, Sept. lS.-An effort Is to be
made by. a number of fruit growers to
cause a dissolution of tho California Cured
Fruit Association. At a meeting of the
prune men to-day it was decided that the
association had not achieved the success
contemplated and that the best Interests
of the fruit industry demanded that the
affairs of the association be concluded.
About forty orchardists were present.
The dissolution of the association will be
undertaken, as provided for in its consti
tution. This is by consent of two-thirds
of: the members of the association and the
appointment of three receivers, to whom
will be entrusted the liquidation of the
concern. . . , ,
MOVE TO DISSOLVE
THE PRUNE COMBINE
Orchardists Declare the California
Cured Fruit Association a
Failure,
Michael won by four laps. In the fourth
mile a new. record of 6:20 was made. The
previous one was 6:21 3-5. All records
from the eleventh to the fifteenth mile,
inclusive, were broken, as follows*
Eleventh. 18:01 4-5;. twelfth, 19:37 2-3*
thirteenth, 21:15 2-5; fourteenth. 22:5c
fifteenth, 24:32".
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— Jimmy Michael
defeated Bobby Walthour to-night at
Madison-square Garden In a nfteen-niSle
single motor paced cycle race— the first of
a series for the indoor championship of
the United States. Michael covered the
distance In 24 minutes 32 seconds, thereby
establishing a new record for fifteen miles
Indoors. The best 'previous figure was
24:43.
Michael's New Cycling Record.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 18.— Both Philadel
phia-Detroit games postponed because of rain
BOSTON. • Sept. 18.— Both Boston-Cleveland
games postponed on account of rain.
T<ntter|es— Mercer and Clarke; Hastings and
Malonejr. "•
BALTIMORE, Sept. 18.— Chicago took twi
games from Baltimore to-day. -The visitors
outplayed the locals at every point. The sec
ond game was called at the end of the sixth
inning on account of darkness. 'Attendance,
850. Scores:
1 First game— R. M. E.
Baltimore 3 7 7
Chicago 10 12 4
Batteries— McGinnity and Bresnehan; Pat
terson and Sullivan.
Second grame— R. H. . E.
Baltimore 13 6
Chicago 5 7 l.j
Batteries— Nops and Bresnehan; Callahan and
Sugden.
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— "Washington and
Milwaukee broke even on to-day's double
header. Garvln pitched a superb game for the
viMton?. «V foul ball injured Donahue's hand
and he was forced .to retire In the third.'
The Fecond game was Mercer's. Had he
been accorded good support Milwaukee would
have bren shut out. Attendance, 900. Scores.
First game— R. H. E.
Wapnlngton 2 5 4 ]
Milwaukee 9 12 2
Batteries — Lee. Gear and Clarke; Garvin and
Donahue.
Second game— R. ' H, e.
Washington 5 10 2
Milwaukee 3 8 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Pittsburg 5 7 0
Philadelphia 14 2
Batteries — Phtlllppl and O'Connor; Orth and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— O'Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 18.— Both teams played
championship ball up to the eighth inning,
when wild throws by Cross gave Pittsburg two
runs. Attendance, 4700. Score:
R. II. E.
Eastern Baseball.
It is believed Wright's mangled arm
will have to be ampuated. One of his
ears was torn off and he was otherwise
bruised. . ¦ -
Again and again he was carried around
with the belt, and each time tried to re
cover the knife. He finally succeeded,
and grasping the blade cut the belt and
secured his release.
At each revolution his arm was crushed,
but Wright did not lose his presence of
mind. Remembering that he had a knife
In his left pocket of his trousers, he
struggled desperately to get It, reaching
across hi3 body with his right hand. Just
as he was about to use It ' the knife
dropped from his grasp to the floor.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 18. — Thomas
Wright, an employe at the Red Stone
mine at Blue Canyon, Placer County,, Is
undergoing treatment In the Sisters' Hos
pital in this city after a thrilling experi
ence. Wright had been placed in charge
of the machinery, of the mine during the
absence of the engineer. In some manner
his left arm became caught in the large
belt, and he was lifted from the ground
and carried around the shaft at tremen
dous speed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A miner, named McMurtle on Gulnn
Mountain is reported to have been badly
burned while trying to rescue his ef
fects from his burning cabin, but it is not
known whether he • Is fatally burned.
Quigley & Co.'s sawmill at the foot of
Woodland Mountain with 'the settlement
surrounding it has been burned.
The fire started % on Woodland Mountain
and has spread to Guinn and Bryan
mountains and Is still burning' fiercely.
The Ios3 from the destruction of timber
will be many thousands of dollars, and
will be almost irreparable to the miners
operating in that district. Many head of
cattle are reported to have perished.
DENVER, Col., Sept. 18.— A special to
the Republican from. Eldora, Boulder
County, Col., says that town is seriously
threatened by a forest fire which started
on Woodland Mountain Sunday. All the
inhabitants of the town . are remaining
up to-night to nght the fire should it
reach there. Already thirty-flve square
miles of heavy timber has been burned
and many mine buildings were destroyed.
These are supposed to include the build
ings of the Revenge mine, where fifteen
men are on duty to protect the property.
The telephone from Eldora to the Re
venge mine has gone down and it Is not
known whether the fire has reached there
or not. Quite a settlement surrounds tho
mine and all the families with their
household goods were removed to Eldora
to-day. Three women and one man who
were the last to leave the place were
cut oft from Eldora by the fire and had to
take ar-other route. Great fears are en
tertained for their safety.
Miner Finally Frees Him
self With a Pocket
Knife.
Colorado Settlers En
dangered by Forest
Flames.
FIRE BLAZES
NEAR HOMES
REVOLVING BELT
HOLDS HIM FAST
A TESTIMONIAL concert will ba
given to P. A. Dunworth to
morrow evening In Odd Fellows'
Hall by the Columbia Minstrel
Company. The programme "ar
ranged for the entertainment Is an excel
lent one. Dorothy Studcbaker will sing,
and such well-known artists as William
McDonald, Eddie Sweeney, Jack Holland,
Lloyd Spencer, W. W. Brackett, Elton
Lambert, Oscar Franks, Charlie Oliver, F.
C. Hotallng, Nevlll Calish and Forrest &
Montague will take part.
Mr. Dunworth Intends leaving for the
East shortly and will make his debut on
the professional stage. . He possesses a
lyric tenor voice and Is extremely popu
lar. As a member of the Columbia Min
strel Quartet 'his voice has been heard to
advantage. He is a Native Bon and has
frequently sung In entertainments to aid
charitable Institutions.
Friends of the singer feel" confident that
Mr. Dunworth will achieve a success in
his profession, as he has a pleasing pres
ence and a well-trained voice.
POPULAR LYRIC TENOR WHO LEAVES SHORTLY FOR NEW YORK TO
BEGIN A PROFESSIONAL ENGAGEMENT. HIS FRIENDS WILL
TENDER HIM A TESTIMONIAL. BENEFIT.
Del- Vista 94, Jim Hale 116, Torlblo 103 and
£an Augustine ii also ran.
Sixth race— Six furlongs, selling, handicap,
puree $250:
S. McXaughton's ch. g. Saul of Tarsus, 4,
110. by Watercress-Judith (Ruiz). 3 to'L... 1
Mike Strauss, br. g., 4, 115. by Iroquois-Gypsy
(Hoar), 5 to 1. 2
Mike Rice, b. (?.. a. 108. by J. H. Fenton-
Mrs. McAllister (Tullett). 5 to 1 3
Time. 1:15%.
Flatterer 107, Little Sister 100, Mountain Dew
30, Talma 95 and Nullah 113 also ran.
Fifth race— Five furlongs, selling, handicap,
rurse $230: *
W. t>. Stanfleld's br. m. Kitty Kelly, 4, 115,
by Apache-Play Toy (Foncon), 5 to 2 1
Gold Baron, ch. g.. 5. 102. by Rayon d'Or-
Balerlna (Howson), 10 to 1 2
Clarando. b. m.. 5. 107, by Clarendon-Vol
tando (Russell), 3 to 1 3
Time. l:02»4.
L'lm 109. Ringmaster 103 and Billy Moore 109
also ran.
Fourth race — Mile and a furlong, selling,
purse 1250:
D. F. Cox's ch. m. Kastaine, 5, 109, by
Eothen-Pearl Finzer (Russell), 3 to 1 1
El Mldo. b. g., 5, by Sir Modred-Ethel
(Ashby), a to 2 : 2
McFarlane, br. g., a, 109. by Mariner-Moon
light (Burlingame). 5 to 2 3
Time, 1:57.
Third race — Six furlongs, purse $250:
Caesar Young's ch. h. Meehanus, 6, 116, by
Golden Garter-Fedalma (Ruiz), 3 to 5 1
Rollick, ch. g., 3. 106. by Take Xotlce-Happy
Maiden (Ransch). 3 to 1 2
Sir Dougal. b. g.. 4. 113. by Dandy Dinmont-
Queen Fisher (Hoar), 7 to 2 3
Time. 1:15.
David S 106 also ran.
Aphrodls 119, Bob Palmer 109, Master Cal 115,
Luca 109, Helen Smith 119 and 'Mamie Hildreth
119 also ran. »Won, but disqualified for fouling.
Second race— Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing:, puree 1250:
Dtrrns & Waterhouse's b. gr. Klfonae 3 *109
by El Rio Rey-Fonsette (Kansch), 3 to 2.... 1
Darlene,* b. I.. 3, 103, by Esher-Aunt Jennie
(Uurlingame), 6 to 1 2
Prgalong, br. g.. 3, 119. by Crichton-Sweet
PesEy (Tullett), IS to 1 3
Time. 1:03%.
First race— Trotting, 2:30 class, heats, three
In five:
McKenna, br. h., by McKlnney-Ella
Wllkes (Ward) , 2 111
Joe Selby, b. g., by Don L (Nelson
and Donathon) 12 2 2
Lucy G. b. m., by Junto (Albertnon).. 4 3 4 2
Lad>- Granard, br. m., by McKinney
(Folej) 3 4 J d
Time, 2:2S%, 2:26%, 2:26V4. 2:31%.
SUMMARY.
Ruiz on Saul of Tarsus beat the others
away In the closing six furlong sprint,
and at odds of 3 to 1 was never headed.
Mike Strauss led Mike Rice out for the
second place, with Jim Hale, the favorite",
unplaced.
Foncon landed the fifth race at five fur
longs with Kitty Kelly. The mare opened
a 3 to 2 favorite, receding to 5 to 2. Fon
con took matters quietly to the stretch,
where he passed Nullah and Clarando,
getting in first by a length. Howson on
Gold Baron nabbed Clarando the last few
yards, finishing second. Nullah closed a
6 to 5 choice.
As Ransch had the leg up on Ringmas
ter and tlie company seemed common
place, the old stager was installed favor
ite for the mile and a furlong affair. He
raced out in the lead for a mile with
McFarlane, and then struck his colors.
"Chub" Russell sneaked along on the
outside with Kastalne the last sixteenth,
winning easily. Ashby on El Mido moved
thirteen minutes late and then took the
place. '
After besting the Burns & Waterhouse
entry, Elfonse, a head for the opening
sprint, Mamie Hildreth, piloted by Ruiz,
was disqualified, and the backers of
Rarjsch were made happy. Mamie Hil
dreth made the running, but when col
lared by Elfonse in the stretch, Ruiz, as
he always does, resorted to questionable
tactics and was rightfully set back. The
decision gave second money to Darlene
and the show to Pegalong.
Outclassing the other three starters In
the- six furlong purse run, Meehanus made
a runaway race of it. Rollick finished well
up, defeating Sir Dougal for third posi
tion.
The brown horse McKenna with Ward
behind him had first call in the pit when
odds were posted on the trot. Joe Selby,
driven by Nelson, beat him for the first
heat. This must have ¦ been ' a' mistake.
He toyed with Selby in the next three.
Lucy G and Lady Granard appeared out
of their class.- While being warmed up
previous to the second heat Joe Selby
reared up, and falling- backward, gave
Driver Nelson a severe Jarring. The
horse's groom next took the reins and
was likewise treated. The veteran "Billy"
Donathon then got up in the sulky, fin
ishing the race.
A trotting event that pleased the old
timers and awakened remlnlscenses from
the time "of Brian Bora down to the birth
of the pnumatlc tired sulky and five run
ning recitals attracted another large
crowd to the Golden Gate race meeting
"yesterday at Oakland track. * Nothing of
a startling nature characterized the sport,
unless it was the partially successful at
tempt of Joe Selby. a starter In the 2:24
trot, to flatten out two of his drivers by
falling backward and rolling upon them.
Elfonse, Meehanus and McKenna. were
the successful favorites, and Ringmas
ter, Nullah and Jim Hale • the disap
pointments. There will be no racing to
day.
Two Choices Successful in
the Running Events at x .
Oakland.
Joe SelbyPuts Two Men
Out of Business and
Is Second.
M'KENNA TAKES
THE 2:30 TROT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
,
P. A. Dunworth, Well-Known Member of
.the Columbia Minstrel Company, Will
Shortly Enter Upon a Professional Career
PREPARE TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
FOR A POPULAR LOCAL SINGER
A Reminder.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the , purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world. .
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| t> A LiKKAT KEoTOrtATlVK. iNVJUvK^-'
¦ lor and Nervine, • ¦¦¦ ,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the fc'exual Organs, for both aexej.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
123 Market at., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.!
'.-•-: ¦ , . - . '
ADVERTISEaiENTS.
Positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
s They also relieve distress from Dy*-
j pepsia. Indigestion and Too Heartr
Eating.^ A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
( ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Ta3te
l Jn the Mouth. Coated Tontnie. Pain in
? the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
b Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose. .
: Small Price.
i AMUSEMENTS.
• Theater Wj|l Be Closed To-Day and To-Nigiit.
FRIDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY NIGHTS,
t MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. MELVILLE STOLTZ Presents
; T T SEABROOKE
• In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play.
j A MODERN CRUSOE.
An admirable supporting company,' including
MIS3 ISAEELLE EVESSON.
PRICES— }1 50. $1, 75c, 60c. 35c and S3c,
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
NOTICE— On account of the President's fu-
neral the box office as well as the theater will
be closed to-day (Thursday).
FRIDAY. "SATURDAY.
"FAUST."
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
"C&RMEN."
Next Monday — "XABUCCO" Cfebuchadneszar).
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75c.
.Telephone Bush 9.
On account of the President's funeral th»
box nfdee as well as the theater will remain
closed to-day and this evenlnij.
THIS SATURDAY EVENING. September XL
&-NIGHT8-8-MATINEE SATURDAY.
Opening of the Regular Combination Season.
Hm/f C BcstWopk
1 1 U V L O O"d Mosterpicco
A TEXAS STEER,
Direct from HoytV Madison Square Th-ater.
New York.
PRICES— 25c. ZT*. 50c, 73c, IL
SEATS READY. /
Next— WEST'S BIO MINHTREL JUBILEE.
flL-t 1 H MAT R £rA&
On account of the President's funeral th«
box office as well as the theatsr will remain
cloned to-night (Thursday).
Friday, Saturday and Sunday Nights. Lauit
Matinee Saturday. .
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Shakespeare's B»st Comedy.
THETAMSNGOF
THE SHREW.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Next7-Farewell week. Extraordinary revival
of "8APHO."
On account of the funeral of the late Presi-
dent the box office and theater will be closed
to-day.
Dorothy Morton, the Misses lielmore
and Company, Mr. and Mrs. Earsy
and Their Giant Myriophone, Stel-
la Ice, Marsh and Sartella, George
W. Leslie and Company, Ernest
Hogan, Lihhy, Trayer and Gil-
bert, and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 5Cc.
BElbASCO **"» TffJtlJCS r j$#jy%&
i^ ° mine cur tvu.%
On aceount of the President's funeral tt.e box
office, as well as th« theater, will rsmala
closed to-day and to-nlght.
To-morrow and Saturday ev'gs— Last ?Jlght»
LAST MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY.
The Greatest Triumph Known In Yeara.
A VOICK FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engaremtnt of the Eminent American Actor.
ROBERT DOU/NINC.
pp|| ,\ Evenings 10c, 15c, 23c. 33c, 50o
1 HH.I.J Matinees ioc. Uc. 25a
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
Next Sunday Evening and All Next Week.
LITTLE LORD FAUNTLEROY.
Racing^^Racing
AT CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB TRACK AT
EMERYVILLE.
. . Under the Auspices of the
GOLDEN GATE RACING ASSOCIATION,
Beginning MONDAY. Sept. 1&— Continuing
Eight Days.
Great TROTTING and PACING Events.
Three or More RUNNING RACES Each Day!
Berkeley train; meet boats from foot of Mar-
ket street every half-hour direct to track.
racing: racing: racinci*
tTICPUpD>q CONCERT HOUSE
riOtniin O Admission IOc.
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
On account of the funeral of our late President.
Reserved Heats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 a. m. to 11 p. • m. ¦
BATHING FROM 7 a. m. to HV59 j». m.
ADMISSION. 18c. CHILDREN. So.
Ralhlrmr. Including admission. IV: chUdrra. 3Oe.'
WGBlly Call $1.00 DBrfe
PATTOSIEITS. ,:•.; ;
TO=MORR0,W
'We Ooen Our Newf
Hel & Art Tiling
Department.
AMANTELSALE
Just when Mantels are -wranted by
those finishing their new buildings.
PATTOSIEN SAYS:
"We'll make it for the interest o? any-
body who wants a mantel to buy one here
this month. All the rest oS the town
doesn't show such a new ard up-to-date
stock to choose from.
"Belcw we show a few sketches, with de-
scription, to feive you mn Idea of ths many
styles awaiting ycur inspectioa."
™* L * t T fl " r * Ir^' gw n mi MT* ygl *^
fell' ,^~i."«T' ¦ ' ¦ ufS
H| ; i ; i ; i ; i; ¦¦; i ; I ; j|j
j . /p==j
A MOST BEAUTIFUL PARLOR
MANTEL.
But also suitable for Library and
Dining-room. A design that architects
pronounce faultless. Rich hand-carved
work on cornice, graceful columns,
heavy shelf and very largre mirror.
Oak, Mahogany or 6ir:h.
AN EXQUISITE DEsloiT FOR PAR-
LOB OE BEDROOM. j
This is a design that any one of taste
and refinement cannot fail to appre-
ciate. ' Xotice the delicate carving and
the beautiful shaped top.
Eirdscye, Maple or Mahogany.
« i '™** i' ' i ' i ' i | i ' \* — *-
a i ' i ' i ' i ! i ' , ' , '
FOB THE BECEPTTON HALL.
A creation of artistic skill. Notice
graceful incline of roof, which is so
constructed as to allow a very broad
shelf for mantel.
Made in Golden Oak op Mahogany.
§_ /\ ',
r '!ZO [¦;
; i i ; i i t i ; t i ; i ; i \ ;
' • * . * . * i * : . ' . ' . * . * . * . i . i
! I I , ' . ' , ' . ' , ' . ' I . ' I '
.,.';¦; ¦ :.;;;.;rjgg ,
Ti^r ¦^r*' '?*'¦'"' "¦^ff T f T t T '
\ '1 I ,' i i q — j — ,i /tjl%\. ¦ :
FOB, HAIL, LIBRARY, TUNING- ,
BOOM OB DEN.
Designed in every detail to be high '
class, but inexpensive. The plain rich- '
ness of this design must be seen to be '
fuily appreciated. <
F:etr.!»h Oak, Weathcr:d Oak op }
Golden Oak. » j
PATTOSIEN'S, i
Cor T6TH AND MISSION, . j \
>- "WHERE MANTELS ARE MADE." ! f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|JF and $7 p hats I
&T as so-called 1
I French milliners 1
I put in their $15 1
I and $20 patterns. 1
gj You are always welcome to call jfj
1 The Leon Millinery Co. 1
p . 943 Market St. Lud. Zobet. H
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
• GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Watci*.
I PALACE HOTEL. 1
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters ol
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
AMUSEBIEITTS.
On account of the President's funeral the \>ox
office and theater will remain closed to-day.
Friday, Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
JOSEPH HA WORTH
In Bulwer's Masterpiece,
"RICHELIEU."
POPULAR PRICES-lOc. 13c, 25c. Me, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Ejnporjuih.
Next Weelc-JOSEPlTllA WORTH In ¦ '¦ "V>\i
JEKYLL AND MR, HYDE."
CHUTES A~N£_Z0O fS*^|
CLOSED TO^DaTaND TO-NIGHT.
SPECIAL, TO-MORROW NIGHT
THE AMATEURS
And a LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
Telephone for seats— Park a
¦ , * - . ¦ *CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Kron
Prlnz .Wllhelm . (new), from • Bremen and
Southampton, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Kron
Prlnz Wllhelm, from Bremen, for New York,
via Cherbour".
HONGKONG— Arrived prloi-to Sept 17— Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Servia,
from Llvemoo!. for New York.
sington, for Antwerp; stmr Laurent Ian, for
Glascow. • '
NAPLES— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Calibria,
from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Brazilian,
from Montreal. •
From advices received in this city yes
terday it is definitely known that the ac
tion taken by General Chaffee in regard
to the two firms named was only a pre
paratory step, and that some very sensa
tional developments are sure to follow.
The island of Samar is looked upon as
the hotbed of the insurgents. A civil gov
ernment was established there ¦ but was
found to be a failure owing to the law
less state of the island, and martial law
had. to be continued. • !
The merchants "whose agents have been
expelled from the island of Samar com
prise two of the richest firms in Manila,
with branch offices in London. Though
they were known to Be aiding and abet
ting: the insurgents by buying hemp of
them and selling them rice and munitions
of war no. steps had been taken against
them in the past, the American Govern
ment being afraid that international, com
plications with England might follow.
Now that General Chaffee has ignored
the protests of the British Consul and
has indorsed the action of General
Hughes it is known that the officials^in
Manila will be rupported by the authori
ties in Washington in restraining mer
chants, whether German, English, Spaji
ish or any other rationality, from trading
with the insurgents or having any'com
munication with them.
The telegraphic news published yester
day announcing that General Hughes had
expelled the agents of Smith & Bell and
Warner & Barnes from the island of Sa
mar is followe-1 up by interesting news
received in this city.'
No Communication With (in
surgents to Be Allowed *
by Officer. ,
General Chaffee Hot
After Merchants in
jvLamia« " ; 'i,\.
MORE SCANDALS
SURE TO FOLLOW
NOTED CONTRALTO WHO
WILL. APPEAR THIS WINTER
WITH GRAU COMPANY.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . Prom. ' I Due.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept 19
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 19
Pleiades Seattle Sept. 1!>
Santa. Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 20
Nippon Maru. China and Japan Sept. 20
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Sept. 20
Point Arena... Point Arena.'....: Sept. 2u
Tltanla Nanaimo Sept. 20
Hyades.. ;...... Tacoma Sept. 20
Arcata Cooa Bay Sept. 21
Bonita Hedondo & Way PortsjSept. 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor |Sept. 21
Colombia Valpapaiso & Way Pts.|Sept. Tl
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports., siept. 23
Progreso Tacoma Sept. 23
rcmoia Humboldt Sept. 2.f
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports: — (Sept. 24
CtTona Redondo & Way Ports.jSept 24
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 24
San Pedro Humboldt I Sept. 24
City of Sydney Panama & "Way Ports. | Sept. 23
. TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 19. |
Corona Redondo & Way... 9 am | Pier H
Australia.,... Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
•. September 2O. .
Doric China and Japan.. 1 pm PMS3
September 21.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Kureka.: Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Maripbva..... Honolulu ....< 2 pm Pier 7
September 22.
Arcata .Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 2M. j
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
a. AV. Elder. Portland &. Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 24.
NortltFork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & N. What a pm Pier 2
September 2O.
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
September 27.
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
September 28.
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am l'ier 9
San Bias Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 20
Garonne Nome direct Sept. 20
Ccttage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 22
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 2:i
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Sept. 23
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller Sept 28
Senator Nome direct Sept. 28
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
: Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
• THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19.
Sun rises 6:51
Sun sets 6:12
Moon sets ..10:08 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
19 .. 4:39 3.9 8:51 3.01 3:10 4.9 10:25 0.8
20 .. 5:46 4.0 10:00 3.2 4:05 4.8 11:26 0.8
21 .. 6:4S 4.1 11:20 3.2 ,5:09 4.8
~IiW HW LW HW
22 .. 0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 3.0 6:18 4.8
23 ... 1:12 0.6 ": 8:20 4.7 1:30 2.6 7:24 6.0
24 ... 2:01 0.5 8:58 5.0 2:20 2.1 8:24 5 1
25 ... 2:46 0.5 9:32 5.2 3:09 1.5 9:23 6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs, i The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except -when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low waters.
The "West Side Flume and Lumber Com
pany ia said to be considering the advis
ability of a bond issue of $500,000 in order
to improve its property In Tuolumne
County. The principal shareholders are
"William H. Crocker. Henry J. Crocker
and T. S. Bullock. Te property consists
of valuable timber lands, which were
first worked about three years ago.
Contemplate Bond Issue.
Divorce Decrees Granted .
John A. Egan was granted a divorce
from Ida Rose Egan yesterday by Judge
Seawell on the ground of desertion. .
'Judge Sloss granted a divorce to Emma
Thomson from D. M. Thomson for deser
tion, and to Mamie Lewis from W. S.
Lewis for extreme cruelty.
Samuel Goldstein was divorced from,
Pessy Goldstein on a charge of desertion
by Judge Graham.
Shipment of Barley.
The British steamer Belgian King cleared
yesterday for Antwerp, with 79,315 ctls cheva
lier barley, valued at $75,900, and 10,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $150. • ;
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 18.
Stmr Mariposa; Rennle, 6 days 9 hours from
Honolulu. . ¦ • -
Stmr Crescent City, Payne,, 34 hours from
Crescent City. • n .
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. 84 hours I from New
Whatcom. •
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 15 hours from
Bowens Landinr. "
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 20 hours from
Caspar. . ¦ r ¦
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 19 hours from'Usal.
Stmr Cella. Higglns, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Samoa, Hanson, 15 hours from Needle
Rock. . . . .• .'.
Stmr' South Coast, Olsen. 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Kvlchak. Nelson, 19 days from'Nusha-
Irak, via Karluk 11>4 days. ,-.¦'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦: ;*-;
I#uraber for Australia.
The ship Star of Italy was cleared yester
day for Melbourne with 1,277,477 ft lumber,
valued at $43,419.
The shipments to the Eastern States were
1000 cs canned salmon. 490 cs canned aspara
gus, 130 cs canned fruit. '•'¦/
23,690 lbs dried fruit, 45 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 216 cs canned goods, 1051 pkgs fruits
and vegetables, SO bdls paper, . 207 lbs ham
and bacon, 60 pkgs raisins, 78 cs arms and
ammunition. E2 gals brandy, 30 cs drugs, 2192
lbs chocolate, 750 lbs hops, 66,270 lbs malt, 18
cyls gas, 1 cs 179 gels wine, 8 cs nails, 23 cs
4 bbls oyrup, 122 cs harware, 2230 pigs lead,
4. pkgs paste.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with cargo for British Columbia
valued at $18,625 and some canned goods for
thi Eastern States valued at $7217. The prin
cipal shipments to British Columbia were as
follows: „
Cargo for British. Columbia.
ARRIVAL OF THE MARIPOSA.
Oceanic Wail, Company's Flier Gets
in From Hawaii.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's.Mar
iposa arrived from Honolulu at an early
hour yesterday morning:. It was the in
tention of the management to retire her
several months ago, on the occasion of
her one hundredth trip, but owing to the
Btrlke the Alameda was not ready for
service, so the Mariposa had to keep on
the run.- On her arrival yesterday she
completed her one hundred and first
round trip, thus making a record that has
never been beaten by an American steam
ship. Captain Horace Z. Howard, the
popular general manager of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, was the Mariposa's
first master, and Captain Dowdell, now
of the Zealandla, was chief officer. Then
Captain Hayward took command and aft
er him Captain Houdlette. Captain Ren
nie, the present popular master, succeed
ed Houdlette. In the history of the Pacific
Ocean there has never been two more
consistent performers than the Alameda
and the Mariposa. and the traveling pub
lic will hail with delight their going back
into commission again rejuvenated.
The cabin passengers on the Mariposa
were the following named: <
K. C. Baldwin. George C. Beckley Jr., H. G.
Cooper and wife, C. M. Clark. A. H. Canby,
Miss L. A. Curtis, Hon. W. H. Cornwall. M.
Duffy, C. .A. de Cew, A. Enos and son,' J. S.
Espey, J. H. Estes, : A. Fries, Mr. Greenwood,
Jean Gerardy. C. C. Hopkins. B. G. Holt, Rev.
C. A. Hyde, Mrs. Hyde and child. Miss M.
Hitchcock, Miss M. Jones. C. H. Johnson, G.
Johnson, E. L. Kruss, N. Lakusta, C. I. Lewis,
Mrs. McQuade and maid. Miss McQuade, W.
E. T. Neumann, William Norton. Mrs. A.
Ormsby. Miss H. E. Ormsby, L. F. Prepcott,
R. E. Peake, W. J. Quanane, M. Rosenbladt,
Miss M. Reynolds, H. A. Spencer, Mrs. J.
Schumann. Miss Schumann, Hon. W. O. Smith,
L. K. Smith, Mr. Schnack, Clement G. Smith,
W; Thompson, F. Wheyman, H. F. Wichman.
Jean Gerardy Is the world-famous 'cello
player, who Is on his way from the Anti
podes to New York. A. H. Canby is his
manager. 0
"Water Front Notes.
,The Mariposa made the run from Hono
lulu to San Francisco in six days, nine
hours and nineteen minutes. On the way
down she beat the America Maru a half
hour on the 2000-mile voyage.;
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day but transacted no business. After the
minutes were read the board, out of re
spect to the memory of the late President,
Excursion to Buffalo.
The Eanta Fe will Bell tickets to Buffalo and
return October 2 and 4 for $S7. Free reclining
chair cars/ Pullman's latest vestlbuled palace
and tourist sleeping cars. Full particulars at
641 Market street." _
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and . ¦\*ay ports with a general cargo
valued at $59,937, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $13,214; Central Ameri
ca, $38,030; Panama, $7397; South America,
?1296. The following were the principal ex
ports: %
To Mexico — 615 grals wine, 110 bbls flour, 16
pkgs bridge material, 20 cs shoes, 670 lbs
bread, 15 tons coal, 1760 lbs beans, 656 pkgs
car material. 324 lbs dried fruit, 12- cs fuse. 224
pkgs fruit and vegetables, 44 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 150 cs hardware, 55 cs liquors,
220 lbs lard, 7160 ft lumber, 2CO lbs millstuffs,
29 pkgs paints and oils, 13 crs potatoes and
onions, 16 bdls paper, 940 bdis shooks, 3121 lbs
soda, 6' chests tea, 2S77 lbs tallow, 25 cs
whisky.
To Central America — 5002 bbls flour, 9 cyls
ammonia, 7 csks beer, 12 cs canned goods, 900
lbs codfish, 11 coils rope, .102 tons coal, 2662
gals cocoanut oil, 3253 gals coal oil, 23 ca dry
goods, 884 lbs dried fruit, 28 bales domestics,
49 bxs fruit, 70 pkgs groceries and provisions,
e cs hardware, 788 lbs ham and bacon, 3 cs
liatp, 2040 ft lumber. 2820 lbs lard. 19 pkgs
machinery, 6200 lbs • millstuffs, 35 cs % nails, 21
pkgs paints and oils, 582 crs potatoes, 104 bdls
paper, 9 crs onions, 72.657 lbs rice, 18,590 lbs
rosin. 2048 lbs soda, . 35,155 lbs tallow, 12 cs
£51 gals whisky, 40 cs 955 gals wine.
To Panama— 3000 gals wine, 250 bbls flour,
100 crs potatoes and onions, 400 lbs peas, 51
pkgs fruit and vegetables, 656 lbs dried fruit,
£24 pkgs groceries and provisions, 39 pkgs sad
dlery, 163 cs . hardware, 2 pkgs machinery.
To South America— 20,000 lbs sugar, 8371 lbs
shrimps.
Departure of Panama Steamer.
. The Chae. Cotesworth and the Red Rock
have -been chartered prior to arrival to load
salmon at Victoria for Liverpool or London,
41s 3d ; ! the ; Prosper, lumber at New Whatcom
for Freemantle, 57s 6d; the Matterhorn, wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, 37s 9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
2TEWS OF TH K OCEAN.
adjourned until next Wednesday. The
most elaborate draping In the whole city
is that of the Interior of the ferry depot.
The grand nave sets forth to all strangers
the • -sad • spirit of the occasion. As the
mourning Is to remain in position thirty
days ¦ Commissioners Kilburn, Herold and
Kilpatrlck decided that interior hangings
were' more in keeping. . ¦
The Guy C- Goss, W. H. Macy and
Kvichak-of the salmon fleet .arrived yes
terday. ¦ The latter .vessel reports that the
Indiana was to .sail.- on -August 29, the
Isaac Reed on August 25, the B. P. Che
ney August 31, Two Brothers August 30.
AVillscott August. 31, Undaunted August 29
and the W. W. Chase August 31.
BOULOGNE-Arrived Sept 18-Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam
ANTWERP-Arrlved Sept 18-Stmr Penn
land. from Philadelphia. ¦ ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Taurlc.
from New York. . .
Sailed SeDt IS— Stmr Germanic. ' for New
York, via Queenstown. ••
NEW ' YORK— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool. ¦ .- - ¦ - -.
Sailed SeDt 18— Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr - St Paul, . for Southampton; stmr Ken-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
% FALMOUTH — Arrived Sept 17— Ger bark
Marco Polo, hence _Apr 11 17. •
. TYNE— Arrived Sept 15— Br bark Kllloran.
hence April 18. •¦ -
'TIENTSIN-Arrlved Sept 11-Qr stmr Adato.
from Oreson. I
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 18-Stmr
City of Peking, hence -Aug 21.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 17— Chll stmr Tuca
pel, for San Francisco.
CORONEL-Arriyed Sept 17-Stmr American,
from New York, for San . Francisco
N COLC)N-Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Finance, for
¦ MORORAN-Salled Au s 24-Br stmr Salror
dia, for .Victoria.
PENCO-Salled. Sept 14-Br ship Travancore.
for Tacoma. "
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 18— Br shio Kate
Thomas, from Astoria; Br ship Dalblalr. frSm
FOREIGN PORTS.
I— Arrived Sept 1— Ship Emily F
Whitney, from Honolulu. Sept 5-Schr S T
Alexander, hence Aug 17.
Sa S n %i Fran 5 c e i^o. 7 - ShlP Em " y P WhUney ' fOr
he^ce °A^"2r a SeDt 8 - Bark Bt Katherlne.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Ore-
M^VncrSenPJ *= Jap 8tmr *?***«"
rtSsl led «» Se ? t tt"5iir k - Kalulai11 - for San Fran -
Francfsoo Henry. Villard. for San
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed in Sept 18-Stmr
City of Seattle, from Skaguay; Jap stmr Ka
makura Maru, from Yokohama.
!^«£ Sea »tln!r. for Adelaide.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 18— Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 18— Schr Louis, from
Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Sept 18-Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
BRISTOL BAY-Sailed Au B 25-Shi D Isaac
Ree ;,J Or , 2 Francisco. Aug 29— Bark Un
daunted, for San Francisco; ship Indiana, for
San Francisco. Aus 30— Ship Two Brothers,
for San Francisco. Aug 31— Bark B P Che
ney, for San Francisco; bark Willscott, for San
Francisco; bark Will W Case, for San Fran
¦ISS. 1 "' 4 Sept" 18-Stmr
VENTURA-Arrlved Se D t 18-Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Sept 17.
• Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Geo Loomls, for San
.Francisco. - .
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Sept 13— Schr Me
teor, for San Pedro; schr Excelsior,, for San
Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Sept 18— U S atmr
Mohican.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 18, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
' Ausr 28, lat 7 N. no Ion— Ger bark Magda
lene, from Portland, for Hamburg
Aug 31, lat 3 N. Ion 21 W— Br bark Port Car
licle, from Oregon, for Queenstown. /
Sept 3, lat 14 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Alcinous,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Wednesday, September 18.
Stmr Valencia, Lane, Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr NewDort. Saunders. Panama, etc.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. .
Stmr Navarro, Olsen,. .
Stmr Rival,- Johnson, .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Oyster Har
bor.
Ship Star of Italy, Wester, Melbourne.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Schr Zampa, Peterson, Umpqua.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. Sluslaw River.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 18.
Stmr AValla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. 1
Stmr Xewnort. Saunders, Panama/and way
ports; Pacific Mail SS Co. '
Strnr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Ger atmr MemDhls, Jansen. Vancouver an:J
Xanaimo; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Belirian Kine, Weiss, 'Antwerp; G
W McNear.
Ship Star of Italy, Wester. Melbourne; J J
Moore & Co.
¦ U S stmr Grant, Bruguiere, 23 days from
ManHa, via Nasrajcakl 18 days. ....-
Br stmr Wyefteld, Watson, 88 hours from
Oyster Harbor. .. ¦ .
Ship "W H Macy, Groth, 24 days from Nush
agak.
Bark Guy C Goes, Gllmore, 22 days from
Nusharak. ,*>
Schr Newark, Crangle, to hours from Bowens
Landlnc.
The great singer is reported to be in
magnificent health, .and her many ad
mirers will warmly welcome her reap
pearance in this city.
THE music lovers of San Francisco
will be delighted to hear that
. Mme. Schumann-Heink, one- of
the greatest living contraltos, will
positively appear here this winter
with the Maurice Grau company at the
Grand Opera-house.
Alfred Bouvier, who represents Mr.
Grau in- this city, received yesterday a
telegram from him stating that Mme.
Schumann-Heink had been engaged for
another season. This^'talented vocalist
made a profound impression on her last
appearance during the grand opera sea
son in this city last winter. After leaving
here she went direct to Bayreuth, In Ger
many, and appeared with great success
during the Wagnerian opera season. She
is' still in Europe, but will shortly leave
,-for America and will come direct to this
•city for the opening of the grand opera
season on November 11.
LONDON. Sept. IS.— An alarming situa
tion exists at Grimsby, where a mob- of
locked-out fishermen this afternoon at
tacked and wrecked and- set fire to the
new offices of the Owners* Federation,
•where the owners of the fishing: fleet were
holding a meeting. The owners escaped
and the fire was extinguished, but the
police were powerless to quell the riot.
A strike has been in progress among the
fishermen at Grimsby for several months.
Four hundred steam fishing boats are
Idle and thousands of fishermen and
their families have been suffering great
hardships. Food had to be sent to them
by sympathetic committees.
STRIKING FISHERMEN
BUEN THE BUH/DING
Walker was last seen talking with the
storekeeper about the supplies for the
next day. An hour afterward, on an
alarm given by the storekeeper, the ship
was searched and no trace of the steward
was found. He had been previously talk
ing about jumping overboard, and no
other explanation can be given for his
disappearance.
When it became evident that the stew
ard had taken his own life it was with
difficulty that the storekeeper could be
restrained from sharing- the 'same fate.
Doctors were called and the man was
given treatment for his mental trouble.
VANCOUVER. B. G. Sept 18.-T. W.
"Walker, chief steward of the steamship
Empress of India, which arrived hero
early this morning from the Orient, is
supposed to have committed suicide dur
ing: the night while the vessel was com
ing up from Victoria to this port. Walker
had been suffering from mental aberra
tion all the way across on this run. He
was much in company with Robert
Blythe, the storekeeper, who seems to
have been similarly afflicted and who has
taken Walker's disappearance much to
heart.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
F. Abreu, who came up on the Grant, is
a wealthy Filipino. A nephew of his and
two grandsons are now being educated in
the United States, and Mr. Abreu has
come here to see how they are getting
along. He is a man of the world and
hopes great things for his country be
cause of its annexation to the United
States. * -
Captain Brugulere reports that Captain
Magune of the Lawton isJ getting well
after a serious Illness and is now.con
valescent. Captain Crosby ' of the Relief
is in splendid health arid his vessel* is
now a regular transport instead of a hos
pital ship.
Surgeon General G. M. Sternberg and wife,
Commissary General J. F. Weston and wife,
the Misses Weston. Congressman J. F. Shaf
froth and wife of Colorado, F. -M. KigRln. Civil
Sen-ice Commissioner; Mrs. J. F. Parke and
two children and Dr. Clyde S. Ford.
They will come on to San Francisco on
the Thomas.
Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Mills, Artillery
Corps. U. S. A.; Mrs. 65. M. Mills; Lieutenant
Colonel John G. ,Leefe. Thirtieth United States
Infantry; Major ±i. S. Kost«r. Twelfth United
t-tates infantry; Major William W; »jray, sur
geon, U. S. A; Captain a. B. Bootes, com
missary, U. S. A.; Captain Hugh D. Berkeley.
Twelfth United States Cavalry; Captain S. ±*.
Adams. Fourteenth United States Cavalry;
Captain William G. Haan, Captain John E.
McMahon and Captain G. W. B. Stevens, Ar
tillery Corps; Captain James B. Goe, Thir
teenth United States. Infantry; Mrs. James B.
Goe; Captain James T. Moore. Twenty-seventh
United. States .Infantry; Mrs. James T. Moore;
Master Kenneth. Moore; Captain Louis M.
Nuttman, Twenty-seventh United States Infan
try; Captain Paul Shlllock. assistant surgeon,
U. S. A.; Captain P. H. Lyon. assistant Bur
geon, U. S. V.; Mrs. P. H. Lyon and child;
l'lrst Lieutenant David H. Blddle. Sixth
United States Cavalry; First Lieutenant Wil
liam Forse. Artillery Corps; Mrs. William
Korse; First Lieutenant Wright Smith and
First Lieutenant A. A. Starbird, Artlllery
Corps; First Lieutenant H. A. Robichon.
Twenty-seventh United States Infantry; Second
Lieutenants William R. Bettlson, S. M. Bow
man. E. E. Allen. G. T. Perkins, W. S. Bowen,
Byrd A. Page. M. S. Battle. E. S. Wheeler, J.
M. Bevan S. L. Ross, Graham Parker, C. C.
Burt. W X. Michel. C. L. Sllcox, H. S. MUler.
W. H. Menges, F. J. Behr. W. W. K. Hamil
ton. T. A. Jones. J. G. Lowenberg- and T. L.
Sherburne, Artillery Corps; First Lieutenant
W. J. Calvert, assistant surgeon. , U. S. A. ;
First Lieutenant F. E. Jenkins, contract sur
geon; First Lieutenant Max F. Clauslus. con
tract surgeon; First Lieutenant Rodney Smith,
contract surgeon; Mrs. Rodney Smith; First
Lieutenant W. A. Jones, contract surgeon, XT.
S. A.; Captain B. S. Neumann. United States
Marine Corps; Lieutenant F. M.' Wise. United
States "Marine Corps; Captain S. Rutherford,
Fourth United States Cavalry: Captain C. W.
Foster. Thirteenth Battery. Artillery Corps:
First Lieutenant J. M. Munro. Fourth United
States Cavalry; First Lieutenant W. D. New
bill, Twelfth Battery. Artillery Corps; First
Lieutenant J. F t Howell. Twelfth Battery.^Ar
tillery Corps; First Lieutenant " H. G. Bishop,
Thirteenth Battery. Artillery Corps; Veterinary
Surgeon Alexander McDonald. Fourth United
States Cavalry; Captain W. E. Cabell. late
Thirty-first Infantry. U. S. ¦ V.: Lieutenant R.
P. Cordill and Lieutenant W. W. Goddard. -late
Thirty-third Infantry. T". S. V.; Lieutenant- F.
•S. Lowry and Lieutenant H. D. Mitchell, lat<3
Thirty-flrst Infantry, U. S. V.; Lieutenant John
V. Green, late Thirty-fourth Infantry, U. S. V. ;
Lieutenant *C. S. Garber. late Thirtieth Infan
try. IT. S. V.: Judge James F. Smith. Supreme
Court: Adna R. Chaffee Jr.. Miss Helen Chaf
fee. Mrs. J. T. Nance. Master Curtis Nance,
Mrs. F. H. Schoeffel and child. Miss Hastings
Mrs. H. C. Hale. Mrs. O. Rafferty, Mrs. ~C. A.
Bennett. Mrs. C. H. Barth and child. Mrs. II.
C. Keone. Miss Keene. Mrs. "WIlHam Lasslter.
Mrs. F. E. 'Oreen. Miss E. Coulter, Mrs
George Bell, Miss Bell. Mn». H. D. Styr and
child. Master Delpb Styr, Mr*. H. G. Btshon.
Mrs. D. M.K«>nt. Miss Anna Fassett, Miss Ida
Buchsn. V. W. Anderson customs emuloye;
Thomas Laing clerk. Quartermaster's Depart
ment: W. R. Clarke, npphew of General Oaf
fee; T,ouls P. and Antonio Torres, sons of Jus
tice Torres. Supreme Court: Jose do la Rama.
w>etor Luzuriafa, Francisco Ramos. Jo*<;
Hlmora, TrlnitaHo Delp-ado, '.Tose,- >"er. F.
Abreu 'Ramon Mnrlno Tiap>"co and V. Z<«1
r\tp.. Filipinos: Mtss Mary C. Lauphlin. Mis*
Kdith M. Wells. MIf« Mary E. Moore and Miss
Helen Mahlub. army nurses. . r .
The Grant brousrht the following named
passengers from Manila to Nagasaki:
The Grant brought home 115 cabin pas
sengers, eleven becond cabin passengers,
233 civilians, eight convalescents, 580 en
listed men, twenty-nine deported men and
one stowaway. All told she brought home
»77 peopie. 'rne cabin passengers were tne
following named:
The United States army transport Grant
arrived from the Philippines yesterday.
She was a day behind her last run, but
on this occasion she was not "making
time," while last July she had to be here
in order that the Government might keep
faith with the volunteers who signed for
two years' service in • the Philippines.
While running under "rush" orders the
Grant covered C542 knots in twenty-two
days four hours and two minutes, while
on this occasion it took her twenty-three
days lour hours and twenty-five minutes
to cover 6544 knots. A variation of only
two knots in such a run goes' to show
that Captain Bruguiere knows the cur
rents of the Pacific Ocean and also the
variations of the tides. Chief Engineer
LIndley says :he transport could easily
have reached San Francisco last Tuesday
evening- had he not been bound down to a
certain number of revolutions by the Gov
ernment.
Storekeeper Is With Difficulty
Restrained From Sharing
the Same Fate.
The Mariposa Completes Her
One-Hundred-and-First
Round Trip.
Chief Steward of Em
press of India Jumps
Overboard.
Transport Grant Brings
Many Soldiers and
Sailors.
SHIP'S OFFICERS
BECOME INSANE
TIE EXPIRED
MEN COME HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901. >
Celebrated Vocalist Is Engaged- by' Mau
rice Grau and Will Leave Bayreuth
Shortly to Join Company in This Country
MME. SCHUMANN-HEINK TO SING
IN SAN FRANCISCO THIS WINTER
8
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT PEOPILE.
Testify to the Efficacy of the New
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
A. E. Lanier, Denver, says: "Herpicide
has made my hair grow rapidly."
Mrs. A. Guerin, Great . Falls, Mont.,
says:. "I find' Herpicide an excellent dan-
druff cure." *
H., Greenland, Portland, Ore., says:
"Newbro's Herpicide stopped my hair's
falling out." . , .
J. D. Israel, Dayton, "Wash., says:
"Herpicide has completely cured my
dandruff." . ;
Charles Brown, : president First
tional- Bank, Vancouver, .Wash., -says:
"Herpicide is excellent for keeping the
scalp clean." . -¦- ' - - '". •
DB.MEYERS&CO, JjPH%
Specialist. Disease &M&?
and weakness of ttl§l|h? 'f
men. Established 2£|SjIr
188L "Consultation TfYlL ,\ W^f
and' private book. j \\
free", at office or by
mail. Cures guar- LTC$£$£ffi3&F
an teed. 781 Mar- Jl^^^^v^W
ket street (eleva- /^<38! fi?f3£
tor entrance), ; * San • r 3*S85i* ! »
Francisco. *• . * '..¦*-¦
TO THE HOLDERS OF INDUSTRIAL POLICIES
QJ* 'I'M Vf • | v .
Pacific Mutual Liie taw Co.:
The Pacific Mutual Life Ins. Co. ha3 retired from the Industrial Insurance
¦ business, and, by a contract with the Metropolitan Life Ins. Co. of New Tork, the
has agreed to assume all the Pacific Company's outstanding Indus-
*trial Policies, with the consent of the holders thereof.
The Metropolitan is the largest Industrial Company in the country, being aa
large as all the other companies put together.
It has over $62,000,000 of assets,, over $3,000,000 of surplus; nearly 5% millions of
Industrial Policies in force for an insurance ax&mnting to nearly a thousand mil-
lions of dollars.
It paid over $S,000,000 In death claims last year and pays a claim on the aver-
age every seven minutes.
It is the most liberal, company In Its treatment of Policy Holders in the whole
country, or in the world. -"•.
For many years It has written more insurance annually than any other com-
pany ia the world. . . .>
In purely ordinary business, aside from the Industrial. It stood No. 4 last year,
being preceded only by the Ne-vr Tork Life, the Mutual and the Equitable.
The Industrial field forces— Superintendents, Assistant Superintendents and
Agents— of the Pacific have for the most part joined the Metropolitan. They will
call upon the Policy Holders and invite them to have their policies guaranteed
by the Metropolitan. The Metropolitan agrees to carry out in every respect the
policy contracts of the Pacific; so that the Pacific Industrial Policies will now
have 62 millions of assets behind them. New Policies will not be required. Tha
Pacific Policies will be stamped with a contract of assumption by the Metropolitan.
The Industrial Insurance Offices of the Pacific have become the offices of tha
Metropolitan.
In this city the branch offices are as follows:
H. F. WRIGHT. Superintendent Rooms 17-1S-19, Donohoe Building.
-A. O. HARWOOD, Superintendent .405 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
THE METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY
Has Established Its Pacific Coast Head Office at
419 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO,
As temporary headquarters until more commodious offices can be obtained; and
from this Head Office policies will be issued and claims paid. It will be in charge
of SECOND VICE PRESIDENT GASTON and of ASSISTANT SECRETARY
ROBERTS.
JOHN R. HEGEMEN President GEO. H. GASTON.Second Vice President
HALEY FISKE /..Vice President GEO. B. WOODWARD Secretary
JAMES S. ROBERTS Assistant Secretary
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
> HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
no smSkI: 309 to 3R Market Street,
.j, San Francisco. .
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ,
Eat and Be Merry
Malt Breakfast Food
Delicious in Flavor
t Promotes Good Health
A diet that does not' contribute to
health, ' vigor and a happy disposition
should be changed at once. If the stom-
ach Is ¦weak and irritable, if the digestive
system is impaired, if the blood is over-
heated with tendency to produce skin
eruptions, use Malt Breakfast Food in-
stead of oatmeal and other blood-heating
roods. Dellclons in taste, light and re-
freshing to the stomach, easy to digest,
are peculiar and prominent features of
Malt Breakfast Food. Ask your grocer
Tor It.
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, 1301,
32 O'CLOCK 2COON.
At Salesrooms of
G. K. UMBSEN & CO.,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent Third-Straet Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Large
frontigres on Third, Stevenson
. and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left In this see-
, tion of the city. Offered in three
subdivisions— *
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 69 ft.
on Third Bt.. S3 ft. on Jessie st. Stores and
offices; rents $3220 per annum.
2. Three-«tory and basement brick building
and lot fronting- 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. 57 •«
It. east of Third St.. and fronting 27:6 ft. on
JeeFle.
8. Three-story and basement brick building;
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson St., 117 -g
ft. east on Third et. and fronting 47 ft on
Jesrie et. Annual Income from these last two
pieces (4000; can be separated and Increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
Noe. 910. 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and PaciHc. extending: through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 49:6 feet
en Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick BuildJng, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
- Between Washington and Jackson: lot 47-8
feet by 127:6 feet: best location In Chinatown-
present rental {15S per month.
Nos. 8S2-834 Washington Street.
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington etreet and Stouts alley, between Dupont
aid Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet- rents
{330 per month.
Three Large Pieces of Property in
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city
described as follows: *
Almost entire block bounded by 18th and
19th. Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas etreet frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to 'Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. W. corner of Wisconsin
»6:10 feet on 19th by 85 feet on Wisconsin st.'
See diagrams for further particulars, or the
Referees. ."¦... j ¦
"¦ ¦".'.-.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. tMBSEN, 14 Montgomery. St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
DR. BALL'S REIN VIGORATOBHSng
Five hundred reward lor any fi^HT^^SJI
case we cannot cure. This secret 8™" ¦*'§5
remedy stops losses In 24 hours, H__ S
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- B93 Bus
cocel<>. Strictures, Gleet, Drains, B^fl m*ffl
Ixiet Manhood and all other wast- U|lu - ItiJ
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- BUH fM}i
<¦£. Eect sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bottles, MMIl ii il
IS; guaranteed to cure any case. Addrets
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 ~ Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also' for sale at 1073V4
Market st.. 6. F. All private diseato quickly
cured. Eeod for free book.
IT'S OATTER OF TASTE,
Of course, but most people' want perfect
laundering when they send out their linen.
If you could take a peep into our work-
rooms you'd quickly learn why we're do-
ing the laundry business of the city. Per-
fect system and absolute cleanliness make
any other result imposssible.
No saw edges.'
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Strait
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlco— 54- San Pablo Av«.
VICHY SFRinas,
Tha only place In the United States wher*
Vichy Water la abundant. Ths only natural
Klectric "Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths TJnetiualed. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
1 ' ' ¦. . Proprietors.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL, VERANO, Cal.. Verano StaUon
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
£1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
T>OU, Lessee.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.-Hopland to Barttott T SprmS!
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
7. l h tralns at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 11-pas-
B«nget tourist wagons, made to order for this
, stage line, with all .the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly CalVr
16 paxes, in wrapper, for malUns, (1 per yefijf
:-¦¦:;;" • advertisements.
oorniwrr noe my thi MeeTtft A oamsvi oo. cimcinmti
A CASE OF EXTRAVAGANCE.
- gJTfClOU never cut off three-quarters of a new
f S cake of soap and throw it away! Yet you
& g ? pay twice the price of Ivory Soap for a cake
UfiLoof "tinted" toilet soap less than half as
large.' Your little cake of toilet soap costs you four
times the price of Ivory, for it lasts only half as long
and costs twice as much. No money can buy purer
or better soap than Ivory. If it came in dainty
paper, all scented and colored, you would pay fifteen
cents for a very small cake of it.MOICTREAI/, Sept IS.— The Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York Journeyed
from Quebec to Montreal to-day and were
greeted with another affectionate demon
stration from the people of Canada. They
departed from Quebec at 9:30 o'clock in
the morning and the last sound that fell
upon their ears was a cheer from the peo
ple. They had spent the night aboard
the roval yacht Ophir ana came ashore
shortly after 9 o'clock. The sumptuous
special train provided especially for their
lonsr Journey to the Pacinc Coast was in
waiting and as soon as they were aboard
it went epeedlng down tbe north shore of
the St. Lawrence on the road to Montreal.
The royal special was preceded half
an hour by another special train, which
carried Lord Mlnto, Governor General;
Sir Wilfrid Laurier. Premier, and mem
bers of the Dominion Cabinet. The peo
ple came for miles to give a cheer or wave
a flag at the fleeting train. . "-
Th«» welcome at Montreal, which .was
reached at 3 o'clock, was an ovation.
Thousands of visitors had crowded into
the city to reinforce the residents and
thev all seemed to be massed In the neigh
borhood of Place Vigor station and the
King Edward's Son Con
ducts Ceremonies in
Montreal.
Some one shouted from the tug before
the quarantine flag was hauled down,
"Jim, how is everything?" The ready an
swer was, "All right— both myself and
Filipino family." And General Smith has
a Filipino family with him— five young,
oily-skinned native boy6, whom he has
brought back for a schooling. They are
sons of well-known men in the islands,
and under the custody of General Smith
were sent to this city. They will be edu
cated at Santa Clara College. By name
these boys are Jose Jamora, Francisco
Ramos, Hector Lurzuriaga. Jose de la
Rama and Trinitario Delgado. Two oth
ers there are of tho Torres family, and
Brings Filipino Family.
Captain Harry Curzon was the flrst to
grasp his old comrade's hand. "When we
left Negros I was the last of the regiment
to say good-by to him," said Curzon.
"You see, I w-is his adjutant." After that
came a deluge of handshaking and a
storm of good wishes from all but the la
dies, who were forced to wait until the
general came to them. This he did later
on— after all tho business of customs in
spection had been passed. The committee
and friends filed up the gangplank, had
their handshake and then looked pleasant,
as the sun, whioh hitherto was burled in
fog, broke throuch its dim covering.
When the time had arrived for board
ing the Grant the Slocum slipped its nose
into the gangplank and blocked the way
of. the Markham.. There was nothing for
the committee to do then but scramble
ever the Slocum' s decks to the Grant,
which was done with much celerity and
dispatch. • '
Handshakings and Helios.
clean bill of health. During, this wait it
was "Hello, Jim" and /'Hello, General,"
and-«H the other customary salutations.
Even Mayor Phelan talked over ¦ the
water. He delivered himself of a brief
official welcome and got a wave . of the
hat and "How are you, Mayor?" from the
returning general.
DUKE HONORS
WAR VETERANS
The tug's Governor Markham and Gov- |
ernor Irwin were chartered by the com'
mittee and, well crowded, they steamed
out to the Grant, which lay off Alcatraz.
On the Markham were many -of the of
ficers of Smith's regiment and the ornate
Governor's staff. Mayor Phelan and a
few other celebrities were there. Mrs.
Smith, wife of the general; Mrs. Anna
Smith, his mother; his sister-in-law, Mrs.
FVank Smith, and his son Cyril, all went
out to met him. Seven months ago the
general's wife and son left him in Manila,
but his mother had not laid eyes upon her
son since she held him in her arms as she
said "Good-by and God bless you" the
morning of May 23, 1898. She it was who
was the most eager of the party. Con
strained by age she remained In the pilot
box. Xot so with the wife. On top of
the tug's cabin she secured the best place
for an early discovery and as soon as the
tug was within sight range she spied her
husband on deck. Then there was a
mutual recognition, a waving of hand
kerchiefs and a shouting of welcomes.
When the Markham reached the Grant
the yellow flag Tvas flying on the ship, and
this signal of quarantine prevented an
immediate boarding. ' About an hour later
the quarantine officers gave the ship a
Trips of Tugs to the Grant.
That is why the reception to the gen
eral was without music and noise and en
thusiasm. Preparations had been made
for a. right hearty welcome by a citizens'
committee composed of his quondam com
rades and his other friends. But the
color and life of it was sacrificed on an
altar of respect and reverence- for the de
parted President. As it was. General
Smith felt the sincerity of the greeting-,
expressing his appreciation in smiles and
much handshaking.
The welcome given to General Smith
•was rather an informal one, due to the
existence of the national grief. His arrival
on a dull, gray day, with the streets lined
with mourning colors and sorrow in the
air, made his home-coming a quiet affair.
Not until a few hours before landing did
General Smith know of the assassination
or the dea-th of the President- Off Point
Reyes a passing schooner hailed the Grant
and the news was shouted 'across the
waters. "We did not believe it at first,"
said Smith, "but when we caught sight of
the harbor the flags at halfmast told their
tale."
Welcome Is Subdued.
More than three years of the "strenu
ous life" in the islands has left nothing of
an evil mark. General Smith is in line
fettle. His face is just as round, his eye
is as bright and his manner as hearty as
ever it was. He has just 105 days to re
main away from his Judicial labors and
duties and he says he will make the best
of them "in the only land worth living in,
after all."
Like all who have had a. taste of mili
tary adventure and life in the Philip
pines, General Smith is very glad to feel
ihe pavements of his own city under his
feet once again.
STAKDING on the deck of the
transport Grant, smiling and now
and then shaking- hands with him
self because he could not grasp
those of his friends on the tugs
that bobbed up and down on the lee side
of the ship, James F. Smith, general, col
lector of customs and judge, drank in a
bit of the tubdued welcome yesterday
afternoon upon his return to San Fran
cisco.
Three years ago last May "Jim" Smith
marched down Market and Third streets
at the head of the First California Regi
ment, bound for Manila. Since that time
he has become a warrior, a military gov
ernor, a collector of customs and a judge.
This is his first visit to his native land
since that memorable day when all San
Francisco turned out to bid him and the
boys back of him a hearty godspeed. He
was Colonel then. Now "Jim' Smith is
a Justice of the Supreme Court of Manila.
His friends call his plain "Jim," his ac
quaintances "general," the title bestowed
upon him by the Government in recogni
tion of hls-*ervJces.
Officers Go Out
on Tugs to
Meet Him.
Welcomed bythe
Citizens'Com
mittee.
GENERAL JAMES F. SMITH ARRIVES FROM THE PHILIPPINES WHERE AS SOLDIER,
GOVERNOR, POLITICIAN AND SUPREME COURT JUSTICE HE HAS BECOME FAMOUS
Will Remain Here
About Three
Months.
Brings Filipinos
to Receive an
Education.
pany. On April 24, 1884, he was advanced
to first lieutenant, and on June 30 of the
same year he was made captain of. the
same company. On July 22, 1893. he was
made major of the regiment, and on Aug
ust 5, 1895, was again advanced by being
elected lieutenant colonel.
On July 25, 1S26, Smith was made judge
advocate of the division. On the reor
ganization of the three San Francisco
regiments, in 1SD7, and their merging into
one— the First— James F. Smith waa elect
ed colonel of that body, which command
he held at the time of President McKin
ley's call for troops for service In the im
pending war against Spain.
The departure of the First California
Regiment for Manila is well remembered
by all San Franciscans.
On July 4, 1898, Colonel Smith had tho
satisfaction of reporting the full roster of
the regiment us ready for duty at the
parade and review held that day at Ca
vite by General Anderson, the brigade
commander.
On July 15 the first battalion of -the
California Regiment was moved over to
the mainland, near Paranaque. and tho
other two battalions followed on the. 20th.
The work of the regiment on the occa
sion of the midnight attack of the Span
iards on 'July 31. at the assault and cap
ture of Manila on August 13 a^d the five
months of drill and guard duty that fol
io-wed has all been written.
Colonel Smith was appointed Governor
of Negros and sailed for that Island on
March 1. While there he was commis
sioned a brigaJier general. On Novem
ber 15, 1900. he v.-as appointed Collector of
Customs at Manila.
In June last General Smith was selected
by Governor General Taft, with the ap
proval of the President, as one of the As
sociate Justices of the Supreme Court of
the Philippines. v • v ..
YOKOHAMA, Sept . 18.-The Marquis
Ito started ¦ to-day on an extended tour
of the United States and'Europe.
Marquis Ito Is Coming.
Walter N. Dimmick, "ex-chief clerk of
the Mint, Indicted : for embezzling $31,846,
appeared ;, in '.' the United . States 'Dis
trict Court yesterday with ; his counsel,"
George ¦, D. • Collins, -who - moved to quash
the three indictments principally on the
ground' that each indictment charged two
separate offenses. Arguments on the rno
rtion will be • heard Saturday morning at
10 o'clock. .:
Dimmiek* Moves to Quash.
"Southern, Pacific special train leaves
San. Franciscoj; December' ISth,. Los* An
geles December 19th, reaching/ Mexico in
time for the Holiday, Celebrations. Round
trip, ' San ¦ Francisco, r $80. ¦••- Los - Angeles,
$70. Personally conducted.: Dining car;
Pullman sleepers., '.Limit 60 days. • Low.
side trip rates: 'v Optional * itineraries.,
Make reservations 613 Market r street, San
Fra"nc!sco, " p>l • South -Spring , street, ¦'¦ Los
Angeles." .,.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 13.— The l third
day of the annual encampment of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F., was
devoted to the session -of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge held in tho Capitol and
prize drills of the Patriarchs. Militant at
the State- Fair grounds. .-- A'number of
delegates went to Greensburg ; to visit
the Odd -Fellows' . Home.Mt .was voted'- to
hold the next encampment at Des Moine3,
la. . The Sovereign ¦ Grand Lodge v voted
to amf nd the constitution « so that the
Grand State Lodges,' at their option, may
admit men of mixed blood to the order. :'
Odd Fellows in Indianapolis.
The man is an Itinerant preacher, and
has been /holding meetings on Payne
avenue In/a district largely inhabited by
Scandinavians. Many of these people had
heard of the Minneapolis speech, and
when he appeared at the hall to-night to
preach a crowd of 1000, had assembled.
As soon as he was seen a rush was made
for him, and threats of hanging and other
ill-treatment were heard on all sides. He
had anticipated trouble, however, and 1 a
squad of policemen acted as a body
guard. They had great difficulty in pro
tecting him. and at last he broke away,
jumped out of a window and ran down
the street, with the mob at his heels.
Dalquist outfooted his pursuers, however,
and escaped..^ ;,*'L : :a
ST. PAUL, Sept. 18.— The Rev. D. H.
Dalqulst to-night narrowly escaped from
a mob of about 1000 people who were de
manding that he be lynched. Dalqulst Is
alleged to have made a speech in Minne
apolis a few days ago in which he re
ferred to .the assassination of President
McKinley as Va noble deed."
JUMPS FROM WINDOW
TO ESCAPE THE MOB
Itinerant Preacher, Who Is Accused
of Speaking Against McKin
ley, Is. Threatened.
- Some time after the removal of tha
body to I the^ Morgue, Julius Wolff, man
ager of i the California Commercial Com
pany," recognized the deceased :as . hisj
mother, the relict of William Wolff, form
erly of; Cambridge, . Mass. With her son
she has been residing at 2058 Fell street.
About five months ago her husband died,
and. since that time she^ had "been griev
ing.- Her . advanced age, . 72 years, added
to her despondency. - -~
Leaving, the! house, which fronts- the
park, Mrs. Wolff walked a short distance
and . sought a secluded spot. . She calm
ly prepared herself for death, and drain
ing the contents of the. vial lay dowt to
die.' -^Although ,every • means was used
by the physicians to •« save her life.* the
length of time. consumed in tending. the
ambulance -to. the park., and. then t back
,to '¦' the', hospital gave the pol3on ¦ Cull
chance to : p.ct. -¦:.•.-.
An elderly woman, neatly dressed, was
found *dying early yesterday morning in
a clump of bushes' in Golden Gate. Park.
A bottle, marked laudanum" was found
by her side. She was. hurried to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital,] where sho died
a few hours later. • There was nothing
about her person to furnish a clue' to her
identity. . . ' T
A four-horse landau.: with the Czarina
and her ladies. of honor. headed the pro
cession,' Emperor Nicholas = and' President
Loubet following together. ' At the . back
of 'their 'landau sat a._ Presidential foot
man and a scarlet-coated cossack. <Can
non/.salutes were fired .and the bands
played - VThe Marseillaise" and i the Rus
sian hymn until the chateau was reached.
This ?¦ beautiful structure was illuminated
iwlth lines of electric lamps." Theevenin?
waa spent quietly at the castle. -M.' and
' Mme.' Loubet , and the Czar • and ; the'Czar
ina dining in their respective apartments.'
The.town' of ,Compiegne was- brilliantly
illuminated, the .whole, route from\ the
station to the chateau being decorated
with festoons and colored lights. Th«
streets were clear. of the public, and the
sidewalks • were - occupied ,by • soldiers:
Every window, however, was filled with
spectators,, .who greeted -Emperor Nicho
las with an incessant roar of cheers.?- '
¦ The , utmost vigilance r was exercised
along the . railroad track. '. . The train
dashed through a double row of bayonets
and. drawn sabers, as the infantry . was
reinforced by ; regiments of dragoons and
hussars. . In some cases a .double lino of
troops was on each side of .the track, the
first line- being j foot soldiers- and the sec
ond linfe. cavalry. Any ; outrage along tho
track' was .utterly impossible, as no one
wasallowed to approach it.' ..-/.- '.-j_ ' ¦-:¦
COMPIEGNE, .France,! Sept. 18.— The
Czar's first day on -French soil passed
without untoward incident, except the de
lay, of acouple of hours in docking :the
StandarC the Russian imperial yacht, at
Dunkirk. The ;• Presidential train, con
veying M. Loubet and. the Czar and.Czar
ina, with their suites, arrived at Com
piegne this evening. > '.
, First Day on French .
Russian Emperor Spends
Mrs. Wolff Found Dying
: , in a Secluded Spot
in the Park.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 18.— Daniel Gug T
genheim; of New York City, chairman of
the -"executive . board-, of .the American
Smelting and Refining Company, passed
through here last night on his way to
Mexico. He said that the object of his
visit to that country at this time is to
urge upon the Government authorities the
advisability of taking off the duty' on
crude oil. He said extensive experiments
had been made with the Beaumont oil In
the refining plant of the smelting trust at
Perth -Amboy, N.. J., and the • results
showed that the new fuel can be used
successfully for smelting purposes.
It is the intention of the company to
substitute oil for coke for smelting pur
poses in all their smelters in Mexico if the
duty. on < the product is removed. The oil
will also be used In the company's smelt
ers in thia country. v ¦
Company Official on. His Way
v : to Mexico. . .
American Smelting and , Refining
WANTS DUTY REMOVED
'ON CRUDE OIL PRODUCT
WASHINGTON. Sept. ' 18.— The Colom
bian legation officials to-night > expressed
the viewi that the Colombian insurrection
was ; practically-- suppressed. . In .support
of this statement they said that the in
surgents did not hold a single village in
Colombia, .although some band3 of
marauders were giving, trouble, and those
on whom the rebel forces had counted
General -Alban added:' "Colombia and
her Government have nothing . to fear
from the Government of Venezuela, who
are opposed to -war and - strongly;'con
demn Castro's 'aggressive • policy." The
general asserts; that the prisoners cap
tured-at the battle of Goagira were all
Venezuelans, who said they had been
torn from their homes and forced to fight
against Colombia under penalty of being
clubbed to death. . " •
President Castro has published, on different
occaEior.s, statements declaring that Colombia
hes provoked • the situation, now all but war,
between the two republics. President Castro,
who has several times set fire to our country
and sowed the eeeds of revolution, now, cries
to the whole world, "Voila, Messieurs!' It is
Colombia who desires to enter and burn my
house. - I have done nothing to her, -although
my 6oldiers and my battalions entered her
territory and thousands of my troops-have
been slain In battle I while abetting her rebel
cause. I have done nothing to her, though I
gave them arms and money and newspapers
in which to publish what they listed. - I have
done nothing to her, 'though It was I who sum
moned General. Uribe-Url be; from the United
States, expressly for an invasion of her terri
tory. It is not likely that his army, consist
ing of 1500 troops, which I supplemented by
men, arms and munitions of war when • near
the- frontier and ready to penetrate into Colom-"
bla, met with signal defeat- at the hands of
forces under Kangel Garblras. It was, I who
recently addressed the following telegram to
the Governor of the State of Zubla, which, af
ter having been found in a portfolio belonging
to General Socalras, who was slain at the battle
of Goaglra, ¦ Colombia, is now triumphantly
published. The telegram- read: . 'General Da
vala shortly leaves with a thousand men, am-~
munition, artillery and steamers destined to
Rio Hacha to reinforce the expedition under
General Castillo.' " .
COLON, Colombia, via Galveston, Sep
tember 18.— General . Alban, the Com
mander-in-chief- of the Colombian forces,
in an interview to-day regarding the
statement which Torres Cardenas, the
Foreign Secretary of Venezuela, tele
graphed from Caracas on August 17 on
behalf 6f President Castro,, said:
ELDERLY WOMAN
TAKES HER LIFE
Commander of Colom
bian Forces Makes
Explanation.
TROOPS GUARD
CZAR'S TRAIN
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT . GRANT, AS SHE STEAMED
INTO THIS HARBOR TESTERnAT AFTERNOON AFTER RUN FROM
PHILIPPINES, AND GEN. JA3. F. SMITH, A NOTABLE PASSENGER.
SCORES CASTRO
FOR THE STRIFE
The progress of the royal pair through
the thronged streets was a prolonged ova
tion. The municipal reception, which
was planned for to-night in honor of the
Duke and Duchess, was abandoned on ac
count of the death of President McKinley,
but the city was brilliantly illuminated
and there was a torchlight procession and
a display of fireworks. As a further
mark of respect to the American people
in their mourning there will be no public
functions to-morrow. The Duke is to re
ceive a degree at McGill University and
he and the Duchess will make a number
of private visits.
At the conclusion of the address 140
veterans of the South African war were
called into the stand and presented with
sen-ice medals. As the Duke handed
each man his medal he briefly thanked
him for his patriotism and valor. The
crowds behind the long lines of troops
cheered wildly as the rewarded soldiers
filed from the stand. At the conclusion
of the ceremony at the station the royal
party were escorted co their carriages
and under guard of a strong military de
tachment were driven to the home of Lord
Strathcona. ' .
streets designated for the course of the
royal couple to the house of Lord Ptrath
cona, which had been placed at their dis
posal.
The party proceeded first to a beautiful
ly decorated stand in front of the sta
tion, where, under a banner inscribed,
"God Prosper Our United Empire," Mayor
Prefontaino read an address of welcome.
The Duke, in reply, referred to his own
two previous visits to the city and that of
his father. King Edward, in 1860, and ex
pressed his thanks for the kindly recep
tion given him.
for allies, were unlikely to give further
material aid. Curacao press advices to
the legation allege that many of Presi
dent Castro's supporters in the interior
of Venezuela are protesting against his
anti-Colombian aggressiveness. Accord
ing to the legation, the defeat of a Nica
raguan force recently will stop further
hostile movements from that quarter.
Members of the legation say they under
stood that the Nlcaraguan Government
has given assurance to the American
Minister that it will not-wage war. on
Colombia. • President Platz of \ Ecuador,
who has recently assumed office, has fre
quently pledged neutrality toward Colom
bia, "The Colombian Minister, Dr. Silva,'
says that reports he has just received
say that the Colombian troops under
nrms numbered 65,000 last July, and that
the force since then has been consider
ably augmented.
He early evinced an aptitude and fond
ness for military life. On April 28, 1883,
he enlisted in Company F, of the old
Third Regiment, National Guard of Cali
fornia, and on September 24 following was
elected second lieutenant of that com-
His career as a lawyer in this city Is
well known, and every step he has taken
since the outbreak of "the Spanish war
has been closely ¦watched.
James Francis Smith, though full of
merited honors. Is yet on the early side of
his prime, being in his forty-third year.
Smith Meets Success in Every Under
taking After Leaving This City.
CAREER AS SOLDIER.
"American capital Is being : placed In
Manila and in all the islands, but the
English had the lead. Not until very re
cently did the American care to invest
in Philippine properties. Promoters of all
kinds are now on the scene and the Isl
ands really offer good opportunities.
"My home-coming has been sadly damp
ened by the grievous tiews of the Presi
dent's death. It is so new and' fresh to
me that I can't realize it." -
"We have a regular system of -courts
there, the justice and police tribunal and
the Supreme Court. We administer the
civil law, but use our own procedure.
,T^i|s;changQi,was. brought about-since the
American occupation/ and it was one of
absolute, imperative necessity.* Judicial
affairs and all litigation ¦was so hopelessly
tangled and delays were of such provok
ing insistence that we found it necessary
to make a jurisprudential revolution in re
gard, to procedure.
Is a power back of this Government that
is operating daily for their good. They
now see and appreciate that the law and
order enforced by the United States are
the best they have ever known. Since the
last election the Philippine Islands have
become solidified from the governmental
standpoint.
General Smith has this to say about
Manila: "Conditions are improving rap
idly in the islands and every- day brings a
more settled and advanced state of af
/airs. Tbe. native Is realizing that there
Manila Is Improving.
At the wharf carriages were in waiting,
and General Smith, his wife and mother
on either arm and his son Cyril in front,
got into an open one. They were driven
to the California Hotel, followed by an
escort composed of civilians and soldiers.
General Smith and his Filipino "family"
left the Grant and boarded the Markham
to be carried - to the city. As soon as he
stepped aboard the tug he was pulled into
the pilot box and from that time until the
landing -al the Mission-street wharf he
was in the hands of his wife and mother.
There was much to say between mother
and son, yet little was uttered. It was a
reunion that none on the Markham cared
to disturb. ' ..
Msets His Mother.
Mayor Fhelan, ¦ Colonel -Bergin, Lieutenant
Colonel Conaolly, Father McQuaide, Major Fill
more, General Warfield, Colonel Boxton, -Colonel
O'Neill, Major llacreig"n. Colonel Barry, Colonel
Fippy, Major Curzon, Captains Ballinser,.
Kitzpatrlck, Jansen and West, Lieutenants
Newbert, Rann, Pritchard, Lynch and Weazel,
Colonel McCarthy, Judge Murasky, Pete Cur
tis,-John Connors, J. C- O'Connor, Dr. Bun
nell. Dr. O'Brien, Dr. Morrisey and James
Dunn. • - - t .
The First California officers who wel
comed their old commander did not -fight
the battles o'er again. They will do this
at some future day over the board where
the good things come and go and the wine
flows. - General' Smith. -was too busy.yes
terday inquiring after this man and that.
Later on there will be reunions, fetes and
speeches. Orf the* Markharn. were the fol
lowine named: . •; ;¦ '. . ¦ "'-'¦'¦ !
With His Old Officers.
they -will go to Columbia College for a
three years' law course, then return to
Manila tcTpractlce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
9
: ;w-': G^S^5? S :
BBBHBHBBBEHBDBEEBHBB
s £*y< ¦, a
g No tired g
I Brains 1
¦ when - B
s s
s Grape-Nuts s
¦ ? ' 'W$z£ I
5 food is used m
I FACT! ! ! g
-a £oid by all Grocers. f;
BnBBBBBBBBBBSS2BBS3B3B
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED
I "THE SUPERIOR OF I
THEM.ALL" ' J
Everything that tend3 to g
speed, comfort, pleasure and §j
luxury unlimited. $87.0O H
Buffalo and Return. October I
3 and 4. Reserve berths for g
this famous train at 641 n
Market Street. i
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AHD |
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE |
SANTA FE J
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large er- 4 i
perience In fitting and curing /^^fc^^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method ej-^^ fSya
i3 secured in this office. We f7 J^i'J^
only charge for ex-g>A li£^vt%£
pert fitting and X^fe,. *&HM&
furnish • • • •
TRUSSES FREE/Wm
We can cure reducible Kwt'^ffl 1^1
ruptures in 60 days by our Sli| SL Bf
method without pain or loss flSE^ ' Ja /^J
of time. Over 20,000 cares flffffl 6&j&?
in 10 years. The fee may K^^*^L
be deposited in a bank, pay- Effi^S.^^'
able to your own order, to fce Kaj»u i*
handed us when cured; NOT nftjf iw4
BEFORE. Successful on K§| K?j|
men, women and children. Ea n
Branch offices in all large tjral a
dtles. Consultation free. HP . |
Fidelity Rupture Cure. Jj§. \\
Rooms 4, 5 A 6, Ho. 26 # Kewny St., S. F.
53 <3 B9 ShQ E3 _j8i M wl,. \3
h."V M Em HS$&3 Es3 ***2 n *» v* Si
¦ ¦ ¦ ,
rbnrfiv I
Used by , people of refinement
for oyeraQ.\iarter of a centtiry.
'^visitDR; JORDAN'S great 0
<*H.USEUI9 OF AHATOBYl
9 laamsTig sg.tes. s±t?x s.?.ca. I
\\~ '. Cy^ ¦ The Largest Anatomical Mincns in U>e \
A "^JknL. *Veakn«sve* o« any comractoi fi
Y CKsiuW * sea ** p«=»*«»*«-».» «-ur«5.1 i-.y the olcie»l T
Q • #«?? 253J Specialist on the Coast hsc. 36 ycr.\r>. fj
4 «S? i 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEH 0
\ Tfti&^s] Coiwultition free .intl strictly rrira:«. \
5 B A*tr « Treatment personalty or by letter. A.Q
T fl* 1/ *?l |l fofUi— Curt in erery case undertaken. »V ,
Ah I llA Wrte'tor Book. PU!LO<((Jl'HYof A
?! 1' I™ MAUKIACE, MAILED FXBE. (AZ
A W U* **l"»l> ! e b«ok for m.-n) \
f DR. JOED AST & CO.. 1051 Marfeet St-.S. T. V
1EASTERN MARKETS.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags VA®
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas-' Wool
Bags, 32@35c: Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit Bazs
5%©6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute . - '
¦ COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $0: Seattle,- $7; Bryant $6 50- Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; • Co-operatlve^Walls
end." $9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 73
General Merchandise.
- There , is s nothing new to report; -'-• Business
continues quiet,' with a disposition to sell. , *
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White, 'fl'gj
@5; Large White, $2 75@3; Pink. ' $2 25@2 35 •
Red. $2 7u@3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 35; . Llmas
nominal; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.-. ~:
SEEDS— Brown Mustard.- 13 15;- Yellow : Mus
tard, $3 15® 3- 25; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary.' Sfc
Beans and Seeds.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; 10@15c lower; lambs,
10«315c lower. Good to choice wethers. $3 6004;
fair to choice mixed, $3 40@3 60; Western sheey,
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, 28,000; Friday. 24,000;
left over, 2870;- active -and 6@10c higher, " clos
ing easy. - Mixed* and • butchers, c $6 40(g>7 07%;
good to choice heavy, $6 S5<$ 7 20; rough heavy,
$6 25@6 75; light, $6 40®6 90; bulk of sales, $6 60
@7. ¦ - ; .¦•. _-. - . ¦ • .: -/ • • - .:.,.<;
CHICAGO. ¦ Sept. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18,'
000, including 1000 Texans, 4500 Westerns; ¦ ac
tive and strong to 10c higher. / Good 'to prime
steers. $6 10@6 60; poor, to medium, $4@6; stock
ers and feeders, ' $2 50®4 30; ' cows, $2 50@4 75;
heifers, $2 25@5; canners, $1 50@2 35; bulls, $1 80
04 75; calves, $3 2.0GT6 85; Texas Bteers, ?3®4 50
Western steers, $3 73@5 50. • / .' •
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS."
WE ENESDaT. Sept.' lsi-4 p. m .
• liiU.ASk. ' TJtJ 4-1,
Alpha 01 ,03 Justice ...... 03 04
Ana ..02 05 Kemuck :::::::_ I*
n ,de3 01. 03 Lady, Wash .... 01 —
Belcher^........ C8 09 Mexican ... in z7
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental .} .'.'. 05 o«
Bullion 01 «2iOphir ......:: 7? „
Caledonia ...... 26 28 Overman 04 05
Challenge Con. 13 14 Potosl .... £ 15
Chollar 07 OSlSavage .. : "" Jl 03
Confidence ..... 56" 58iScorplon ..... _ «
Con Cal & Va..l75 1S0 Ses Belcher.... 02 0»
Con Imperial... — \ oil Sierra Nevada. 21 23
Con New York. / — ' 01 1 Silver Hill ... 3' S
Crown Point... 03' 04 St Louis . ' c« _
Eureka Con..... 14 — Standard ....'.'.'¦ — 3 ?5
Exchequer ,— 01 Syndicate I — 03
Gould & Curry 07 08 Union Con .'s... CS 07
Hale & Norc... 17 19 Utah ,.........;. 04 06
Julia ............ 01 Yellow Jacket.. 06 07
LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— ' . Sept. Dec.
Opening. 5 6% -'5jii
Closing 5 6% 6 8
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept .Jan.- Apr.
Opening -2145 22 75 ¦'.
Closing .....2140 .22 65
Flour— • - - . . ¦ . . ;
Opening : 27 B5 . 28 75
Closing 27 45. 2S 70
,-Hay dealers say that were it not for the
strike there would now be at least 25 per cent
more business, than ever before known, as or
ders are coming . in ' from / all directions. ¦ But
the strike is killing this, as it checks the un
loading, or cars in this market. The demand
extends over a large area, and Includes domes
tic and foreign orders. The dealers are feeling
sore over the situation, but it apparently can
not be helped, and the Hay growers and deal
ers will probably lose the plum.,
Feedstuffa remain as before.'
BRAN— $20 60«m 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $22@23 perton. .
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill,- $25@26; Jobbtng,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17® 18; Corn . Meal, $34@
35: : Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50; Mixed Feed.
$18 50®19 50. j - .:¦ , • . ¦ ¦
HAY— Wheat, ¦ $7®9 50;: • Choice.' $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@9; Oat, $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 50; Clover.Sa 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50. :
- STRAW— 25@42V-c per bale. ' - '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttpr
vinrkH was firm. Creameries, 14@2Oc;. Dairies,
,3@l7c. Cheese, steady. 9?i<810%e. Eggs, firm;
'resh. 15%c. . '
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments..
Flour, barrels 5S,O0fl # 34.00H
Wheat, bushels 515,000 l4S.nnn
Corn, bushels ...351.000 . ' 203,00!)
Oats, bushels 24S.A0 223,009
Rye. bushels 27,000 l.Oflt)
Barley, bushels 107,000 . 20,000
NEW YORK. Sept 18.— People who argued
that thr sudden weakness that developed in
the etock market yesterday afternoon after
the early chow of strength was due to the
frost scar* In the corn bolt, found confirmation
for tljelr views In the recover}' In the stock
market to-day simultaneously with the re
action In corn. The loss of all yesterday's rise
in the price of corn showed an eagerness to
realize on Jong lines that took the 'edge' off
the apprehension regarding the reported fur
ther damage to the corn crop. The effect of
thii development was naturally most pro
nounced in the stocks of the great Western
railroads, whose traffic Is large In corn, name
ly, the grangers and Pacifies, Including Atchi
*on and Missouri Pacific. But there was no
reason why the developments In the corn mar
ket should have a sympathetic effect on rall
i-oads In Southern territory, those carrying
anthracite and bituminous coal and the net
work of central traffic and minor Eastern trunk
lines which are usually designated as Junior
Vanderbilts. Prices of all of those stocks were
notably buoyant and the buying of them was
on a scale which could be only for the ac
count of largest local Interests. Buying was
•without any tspecific news to explain it. It
was attributed to . the same sources .. as that
¦which constituted the determined support of
the market all .through the recent crisis. The
public in Wall street waa Btrong.ln the. con
viction that what are called the Vanderbilt.
Morgan. Gould. Rockefeller and Harriman in
terests were all buyers on a very large scale
of the various stocks In which they are in
terested. Speculators and professional opera
tors exhausted the best powers of conjecture In
striving to discover the motive of this' buy-
Ing. As there was no acute pressure of liqui
dation, the mere purpose to support the mar
ket was not sufficient explanation, as it wab
on last Friday and on Monday. There was
considerable cross trading . early In , the day
which had the appearance of an effort to con
fuse sentiment, brokers usually , acting for
t!$h e tal V 5ts ;, makln * ver V large trades on
£«£o£B?r tV" 1 ' markct a °<» almost simul-
New York Stock Market.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: .
, Morning Session.
500 Belcher 08 100 Crown Point. 02
E00 Best & Belcher 16 5C0 Mexican . 19
100 Caledonia ,28 300 Occidental " " ' " Ofi
3C0 Challenge Con. IS 500 Ophlr -7
500 Con Cal & Va..l 75 500 Potosl'!""""** 04
400 Crown Point... 03 200 Yellow Jacket.'.* 07
Afternoon Session.
600 Best &' Belcher 10 200 Mexican " 10
100 Caledonia 27 200 Mexican """¦'¦" ji>
200 Chollar ..../.... 07 100 Ophlr -«
100 Con Cal & V.I 77Vi 100 Ophlr '.'. 70
100 Confidence ..... 58 100 Sierra Nevada' »
2SXS 0 Y Id ,*Nr Curnr -? 7 300 Union Con .I 07
200 Hale & Norc... 18
Afternoon Session.
SSKlAi?!?!^ J? ioSSKr * curry Si
iSSS'Sn-va-iS m ™><-'j-ckei:: 07
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
2P0 Best & Belcher 1RI 200. Occidental c«
200 Confidence 57| 500 Ophlr 77
200 Hale & Norc... 17 100 Union Con ..'.'.'. (4
500 Mexican 19| 200 Yellow Jacket.. 03
MINING STOCKS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
<&4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. $4 E.0; Whole ! Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®8 35;
in sacks. $6 50® 8: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5;. Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
• FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
8 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 15®S 25;
Oregon, $2 G0@2 75 per barrel for family . and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. ¦ $2 75
@3. ¦ ¦ ¦ , .
Flour and Millstuffs.
PORK— Live hogs. 200 lbs and under 6®6«c
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c;. feeders. '-—-sows 20 Der
cent off; boars, 50 per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs; 7%69Vic. ' ,.- ; ....-,,- •
The quotation of «%e for Hogs In yesterday's
Issue was- an error of the types and should
have read 6@6%c.\ The market is steady for
this description, but no higher. . ; .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • 1( r .: . .
BEEF— 6®6%c for Steera.and D@5%c per lb
for Cows. .' . . ' .-.¦;••
VEAL— Large. <7@8c; small. S(g9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound. ¦ ¦ - : '
. LAMB— 7(fJ8c per lb. . . . , L'
San Francisco Meat Market
Fall— San Joaquin, v 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7%® 9c. Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain free. 9@llc; do,- defective, 8®9c-
Humboldt and Mendoclno. Hi512o per lb. ' "
HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern.' defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8cr Oregon Valley fine, 14®
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll®13c; Oregon
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9Wllc-
Nevada. 10@12c. ¦ •
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about. l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Bteers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%e: Snlted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Cnlf. 10c: Dry Hides. 16®16%c; Culls, 14c;. Dry
Kip. 16c: Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands. 15c:
Sheepskins, gheerllngs, 15<f?30c each; short Wool
3fl^50c each; medium, 60@75e: lonit Wool. SOc©
$1 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 B0<JT2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 BOJf 1 75 for small
and ROc for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $175 for
large. $1 25@1 CO for medium, Si 23 for small and
ROc for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin
(.kins, 20c. ' Goatskins— rrtme ¦ Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, COc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, ; 4%e«5ic per lb;
No. 2. 3%©4c; grense, 2%(5'3c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@68V4c;
No. 2 red, 70%@71%c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 68%c;
No. 2 oats, white. 39c; No. 3 white, 3S@39c; No.
2 rye, 55®55%c; fair to choice malting barley,
B4#60c; No. 1 flax seed. $162; No. 1 North
western, $1 65; prime, timothy srod, $5 2595 35;
mess pork, per barrel, $14 90^14 95; lard, per
100 pounds, $9 50<&9 82%; short ribs sides (loose).
JS G05T8 SO; dry salted shoulders (hoxf-d), ~%flf
7%c: short clear sides (boxed), $9 S0(S>9 40:
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade, $8 35®8 50. • -
Cash quotations were as follows
Morning Session.
Board—
429 Four i 40
75 Home 3 75
100 Home 370
SCO Independence 10
SCO Monarch of Arizona 24
300 Monte Crlsto 1 75
300 Occidental of West Virginia 49
1C00 Petroleum Center 01
10 San Joaquin Oil & Development 8 so
100 Toltec so
100 West Shore • mi
Ptreet
1000 California-Standard 22
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1 17 Hanford, b. 90 \** 00
2500 Independence 10
2S0 Junction „ 26
200 Monarch of Arizona 24
400 Reed Crude 32
400 Toltec |o
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Another advance In Bacon and Lard. Is ex
pected in several days, and Hams may possibly
advance, too, as all three descriptions are now"
below the parity of- the Western markets, which
are active and very firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light. 14«4c for
extra light nnd 16c for sugar-cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14fT14%c; California Hams,
13%c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
pound. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%<SSc per lb for
compound. and U%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12V4c; 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins.
12%c. . .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c: three
hair-barrels, 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. . •
Provisions.
Articles— " Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
September 69% 69% 68%. 69
December. 72V4 12% 70% 71^4
May 75% 75% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2—
September 58V& 68V4 56% 5S%
December 61 61 58V4 58%
May 63 ¦ 63 60% 60%
Oats No. 2—
September 35Vi 35% 35V{, 35%
December 37% 37% J 36% 36V
May 39% 39% 38% 3S%
Mess Pork, per barrel— >
October 14 97% 14 97% 14 80 14 87%
January 16 10 16 15 16 05 16 10
Lard, per 100 pounds — :
September 9 82% -9 82% 9 80 9 80
October 9 72% 9 80 9 70 9 77%
January 9 42% 9 42% 9 35 '9 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September .... ' ..... '870
October.... 8 72% 8 72% 8 67% 8 70
January 8 35 8 35 8 30 8 35
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather 'Thursday, probably showers; fresh
southeast winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy unsetttled
weather Thursday, probably showers in north
ern and central portion; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, cooler at night;
!:~ht southerly winds.
Conditions are unfavorable for fair weather
Thursday. Fruit dryers should be ready to
cover in case of rain.
Warm weather prevails over Oregon, North
ern California. Nevada and Utah.
Fog prevails along the coast from San Fran
cisco to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 19:
There has been a sharp fall in pressure dur
ing the pa6t 12 hours along the Pacific Coast
north of Cape Mendoclno, and a storm of
moderate energy is probably developing over
the North Pacific.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
San Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 56.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
. Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Atternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Whether this market or Puget Sound
will get the Government order for the 4000
tons remains to be seen. It is the impression
that the order will be filled here. The situa
tion remains unchanged.
Grays. $1 10@l 20; whites. $1 10@l 30; black,
90c(&$l 10. and. red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
• CORN— Chicago was nervous and unsettled,
rising from 60%c to 61c. and falling back to
58%c. There were more sellers than buyers.
The predicted frost came along all right and
was general as far south as Arkansas, but did
little injury, most of the crop being reported
safe. There have been very heavy transactions
during the past two days.
This market is unchanged. Eastern Is quoted
to arrive In bulk at $1 624 for White, $1 52^4 for
Yellow and %\ 50 for mixed. /
RYE-75©77V4e per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o' clock— December— 6000
ctls. $100%; 14,000, ?1. May— 4000, $103%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000
ctls, 99%c.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
99%c. .
BARLEY— Conditions remain as previously
quoted. The market In this city is dull, but
offerings are light and sellers are disposed to
be firm. .¦ ¦ -
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, S0@S5o; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl. •
¦CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher.
Paris futures were weak.
Chicago was easy and declined lc, with gen
eral realizing by professionals. Some sales
were ! subsequently replaced, but sellers as a
rule predominated. ' One house took several
million bushels of wheat and corn. Minneapo
lis . was a buyer of wheat and reported the
largest export sales of flour this year.
'This market was ; weak, with lower futures.
The Produce Exchange will not be in session
to-day, and the Liverpool Corn Exchange will
also remain closed. . . '
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 05@96Kc; milling, 98%c
<g$l 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The situation remains unchanged, both as to
demand and 'prices.
FRUITS — Apricots, . 7%@9%c for Royals and
8@12%c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7@8c; sun dried, 4@4^c;
Peaches, 6@Sc; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 4@
5V4c; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 3Vic for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of 3%@3^c for the four sizes: 30-40's,
5%@5%c; »40-50's, 5@5^c; • 50-60' s, 4&@4%c;
60-70's. 4@4%c: 70-80's. 3%@3%c; S0-9iys, 3@3%c;
90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned ud at 3@3>,ic for the four sizes.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal. • -
NUTS— Walnuts, No.. 1 softshell. 12@12%c;
No. 2. 8@S'/4c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c: No. 2.
6V4@7^Ac; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell; 10@
lie for softshell and 5®6c for hardshell : Pea
nuts 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12>4c;
Filberts, 12@12VSc; Pecans. U@13c,\ Cocoanuts,
$3 50«T>5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12i/4c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5VS
@6c; light amber extracted. .'4Vi@5c; dark. 4@
4Uc.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
• B S H T3 2 T
STATIONS. 3 =H = | 3= £ o g
I 1 1: i p r h
• . • • . p
Astoria 29. S4 82 54 E Clear o"
Baker 29.96 76 44 N Clear 0
Carson 29.82 88 46 N Clear 0
Eureka 29.90 £4 50 N Cloudy 0
Fresno 29.74 94 60 W Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.00 SO 38 S\V Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello. Idaho... 29.92 7S 42 N Clear 0
Independence 29.72 90 €2 S Clear 0^
Los Angeles 29.SS 74 66 W Clear 0
J'hoenix 29.CS 104 72 NW Clear 0
Portland 23.82 S4 58 NE Clear 0
Red Bluff 29.74 92 66 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29.7S 88 46 NW Clear 0
Sacramento 29.78 78 54 S Clear 0
Salt Lake 29.S4 7S 50 N Clear 0
Kan Francisco 29. P2 56 62 SW Cloudy 0
Ban Luis Obispo...29.94 70 54 W Clear 0
San Diego 29. S6 6S 64 NW Clear 0
Seattle 29.S4 76 50 NW Clear 0
Fpokane 30.OS 74 42 NE Clear 0-
NeahBay 48 0
Walla Walla 29.96 82 S2 N Clear 0
Winnemucca 29. £4 K6 3S SW Clear 0
Yuma ..29.SS 102 72 S Clear 0
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ — • $4 83',J
Sterling Bxchange. sight ' '— 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86»i
New York Exchange, sight ;. — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 12',4
Silver, per ounce — 68Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 3 @ 47V4
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— Frost was the dominant
factor again to-day in the corn market and the
opening was excited and higher. The whole
corn belt had been nipped according , to reports
and the feeling -was that yesterday's heavy
buying would be renewed. With this Decem
ber started %@%c higher at 61@60Uc There
was, however, a conspicuous absence of .yes
terday's demand and longs who bought yester
day began to realize profits until December
slumped off to - 5S%c. Frosts were predicted
again for to-night, but that prospect did not
seem to influence the market. Covering 1 by
shorts and general evening up of contracts for
to-morrow's holiday steadied prices at the de
cline and December reacted to 59140. The close,
however, was weak, l%c lower at 58%c.
Wheat was dull and heavy and in the ab
sence of individual Influences followed corn
closely. Outside support was lacking and the
large amount that was carried over last night
was thrown over. December opened %(&>,ic
higher to a shade lower at 72V6@71%c. Liquida
tion set the price down to 70?4c, where the
market became a narrow one. The reaction in
corn brought the price back to 71V4c but De
cember closed weak, %c lower at 71@71Hc.
Oats opened steady. December V4@%c lower
at 37%<337c. Considerable selling by holders
weakened the market along . with corn. The
close was %c lower at 36%c.
Provisions were quiet and steady. They were
higher in sympathy with. the early strength in
grains. January pork closed 7%c up, lard 10c
higher and ribs with a gain of 5c.
Note — There will be no session of the board
to-morrow. • • .
The leading futures ranged: as follows: . ;:
The tolloWing maximum and minimum tem-
I-eratures are reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 76-60; Kansas City. 58-38: Cincinnati,
64-44; Philadelphia. 7S-58; Jacksonville. 8S-76;
Washington. 74-58; New York. 80-60.
San Krancisco data: Maximum temperature,
£<; minimum, 12; mean. hi.
The following maximum temperatures irere
reported Irom stations in California to-<3ay:
Eureka, 54; Red Bluff. 92; Sacramento,- 78;
Mount Tamalpais. 92; Fresno. 9S: San Luis
Obispo. 70; Independence. &0: Los Angeles, 74;
San DIeso. 6S.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 1S-5 p m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific} Time.)
I Feather Report.
CONVICTED OF CUTTING
GOVERNMENT TIMBER
Two Shasta County Settlers Who £>
pent of a Recent Speculation
in Shakes.
Thomas McCoy and Collins Ritts wera
convicted by a jury in the United States
District Court yesterday on an indictment
charging them with illegally cutting tim
ber on Government land in Shasta Coun
ty, north of Whitmore. They were or
dered to appear on Saturday for sentence.
Charles H. Ritts, brother of one of the
defendants, was also indicted, but he
kept out of the way of the United Statea
Marshal and has not yet been arrested.
It is alleged that the trio cut a large
quantity of sugar pine off four sections
of Government land, most of which they
made up into shakes.
A civil action is pending in the United
States Circuit Court to recover a large
sum as damages from the persons who
purchased the shakes and lumber from
the defendants.
To Test Cemetery Ordinance.
With the object of testing the constitu
tionality of the ordinance which went
into effect August 1 prohibiting bodies
from being interred •- any cemetery
within the city and couaty, J. Hasshageri
of 2200 Grove street swore to a warrant
in' Judge Cabanlsa* court yesterday for the
arrest of George R. Fletcher, superin
tendent of the Odd Fellows' cemetery,
on the charge' of violating the ordinance
by Interring the body of Earl Charles
Prlntero In the cemetery on August 31.
Fletcher was arrested and released on
bail.
« ? ¦
May Yet Escape Punishment.
George "Walker, who was convicted of
the embezzlement of JSO J5 from the
American Tract Society about four years
ago and who, by taking advantage cf
legal technicalities has thus far escaped
serving any part of his sentence, has
been granted another hearing by the Su
preme Court. Had the defendant accept
ed his original sentence he would have
been out of Jail months ago.
There was a fair business .executed In the
market for evaporated apples at unchanged
prices, with the tone steady. State, common
to good, 5@8c; prime. 8V4@8%c; choice, 9c; fan
cy. 9V4@9%c.
California dried fruits, inactive, steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@13%c; Moorpark, 8®12c.
PEACHES-Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6<§9%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— WHEAT— Receipts,
165,650 bushels; exports, 38,005. Spot, easy; No.
2 red, 76%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 76%c t. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened momentarily firm on the
strength of corn, but soon turned weak, de
clining under a heavy pressure of long wheat.
Irregular conditions prevailed in the aft'ernoon
with the close weak at %@%c decline. Septem
ber. 74%@75%c, closed. 74ftc; December, 76%@
77%c. closed 76%c.
WOOL— Quiet.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, steady; C©rdova, 8@ll%c. Futures closed
steady with prices net unchanged to 10 points
higher. Total sales were 34,750 bales, including:
October, 4.90@4.95c; December, 5.15@5.20c; Jan
uary. 5.20@5.25c; March, 5.40@5.45c; May. 5.53©
5.60c; August, 5.80c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair' refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5230 packages. Firm.
State dairy. 14@19%c; creamery, 15@21c; June
packed, factory, 14^4(??15%e. .
EGGS— Receipts, 4575 packages. Firm. West
ern candled, 17@18c; do uncandled, 13%@17c.
Street—
$17,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 12%
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 13-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 114 4s qr c (new).139 140'^
4s quar reg. ...112 113 3s quar coup.. 108 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 106% Oceanic S3 3s.l02%103
Cai-st 5s 113 — Omnibus C 6s. 132 —
C C Water 5s.lO8 108% Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s...l28%133% Pk & Cl H Ss.109 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R. 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R is. — ¦ —
H C & S 5%s.lO6Vi — Sac E G R 5s. 93 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 53.123 —
Los Ang R Ss.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 107%
L A Light 6s.l01>4 - S P of Ariz 6s
Dd gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910)- 113^, —
L A & Pac 5s. — 102% B P of Cal 6s
D 1 c m 5s. — — (1905), Ser A.109%110%
Mkt-st CaB 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.110% —
Do 1 c m Bs.121 — (1906) 112HU2T4
Nev C N G 7s. — — (1912) 121%
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 122%— c gntd 5s 110 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l0l% — S P Br Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s ..106 107 S V Water 6s. 111% —
Nor Cal R 5s.. Ill — Do 4s — 103»A
Oak Gas 5s.... Ill — Do 4s. 3d m.101% —
Do Trans 6s. — 121 Stktn Gas Cs..lO4 —
Oak Wat g 5s.lO2% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 78Vi|Port Costa .... 60 63
Marin County. 58 — I Spring Valley. 87 88Vi
..y GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 '5 Pacific Light.— 46Vi
Equitable '314 3% Sacramento ... — — '
Mutual 4% h\L S F G & E.... 41% 42V4
Oakland 51% — San Francisco. 4>4 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 37 40«i I stktn G & 12.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 1
BANKS
Anglo-Cal — 80 ,L P & A 153 159U
California 405 — Mer Ex (lie.).. 16
Cal Safe Dep.. 108 — S F National. 127%123
First National. 305 — I
. SAVINGS BANKS. '
German 1S90 — Sav & Loan.... —
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130- — O S L & H 40 —
Geary. — 50 Presidio 30*.
Market .....%.. 79 —
POWDER.
Giant 73 74 )Vigorit .'. 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana — 6% Kilauea ....... 9U lay,
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli 24 24%
Honokaa 10M — Onomea — '4
Hutchinson ... 15 15U Paauhau 10% ii%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l37%13S Oceanic S Co.. 45% 4S%
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 Pac Aux FA. 2 2%
Cal Wine Asn. — 93 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 137 75
60 Honokaa S Co n 50
600 Makaweli S Co 24 00
50 Makaweli S Co 24 12 1 *-
5 Spring Valley Water 88 25*
5 Spring Valley Water .- 8S l°ti
30 Spring Valley Water 8S 00
10 Spring Valley Water 87 87V4
l^Spring Valley Water 87 50
300 Vigorit 400
Street—
5 Giant Powder Con 74 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
. 25 Giant Powder Con 74 00
25 Giant Powder Con 73 75
125 Makaweli S Co .....24 00
25 Paauhau S. P Co 11 50
75 Paauhau S P Co 1100
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co...; 42 00
100 Vigorit Powder «. 400
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$3; Lemons,
Jl@l 25 for common and $2 50@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, |1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
¦ MELONS— Nutmegs.. 30@85c per box; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate; Watermelons, Q Jo®
17 50 per 100. . .... . ' ',
GRAPES— Large open* boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes, and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontainebleau
and Sweetwater. 40(g60c per box and crate;
Tokay, 50@85c per box; Muscat, 40@85c; Black,
50@75c; Isabella, 50@75c; Wine Grapes. $27@30
per ton for Zinfandel and $22@25 for white.
PEACHES-25@50c per box and $15@20 per
ton for Frees and $20@30 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, 35@60c. according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 4l)@60c per box.
NECTARINES— Red, 75c per box for cold
storage.
POMEGRANATES— 75@85c per box for small
and $1 25 for • large boxes.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 75 per. box; Winter
Pears. 35@75c per box.
QUINCES— 35@60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES-$6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5@6 per chest.
i RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@9c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 25@75c for double layer boxes;
White, 35365c.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for. good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary • • • • '
CRABAPPLES— 50c@H per box. according to
package. ¦ * ¦ J . . '
PLUMS— 40@50c per box; Prunes, 40@60c per
crate. "
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
There was not much going on yesterday. ¦ A
car of 270 boxes of overripe Bartlett Pears came
in and they were offered down to 50c per box,
but could not be sold. Peaches were in good
supply and dull. Figs' were suddenly plentiful
and the market was much weaker in conse
quence. The market for Wine Grapes ad
vanced, both -here and in the country, and
Table Grapes were steady. Apples were quoted
firm.
Melons are dull, owing to the cold and cloudy
weather. . .
The fruit trade will observe to-day as a
closed day on account of the funeral of the late
President McKinley. • One large house offered
two Market street -peddlers a lot of ripe Bart
lett Pears cheap. The» replied that they would
buy nothing that they would have to sell to
day, as nothing would Induce them to sell goods
on the day of the President's funeral.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
""New crop Glenoble walnuts, to arrive about
November IS, are reported selling quite treely
at about lC%c. No prices have as yet been
made on California No. 1 softshell, but at the
price talked of, 9c on the coast, California?
could hardly compete in this market. New
filberts for October delivery in New York arc
offered at S%c
¦"Evaporated apples are unchanged and easy
on epot. Prime for future delivery are slightly
firmer.
•¦Currants on spot are very easy and can be
bought practically at buyers' prices. Amalla
grade per first direct steamer, the Manin, are
mostly quoted at 6%c. The Manin. it is un
derstood, brings about 2500 barrels. She left
Denia September 9 and Is due to arrive here
about September 24. New currants for Sep
tember shipment from Greece were quoted
slightly higher then yesterday.
"New crop prunes are easier to get at a 3%@
3%c basis and the trade is taking hold to a
limited extent. Apricots have been a little
easier since early in the week and several cars
of gpot goods have been worked off in small
lots. Peaenes are quiet. Two cars of new
choice Crawfords in bags have arrived and are
ottered nt S%c in bags.
"The spot market continues quiet and prac-
Tically unchanged. Seedless Muscatel raisins
Ere firm at 6%c and about the only article that
Is at ail active in a large way. sales of two
oars being reported. Seeded in cartons, are
held firm at 7'jc for round lots, although stocks
have been increased by arrivals of se\-eral cars
from the coast. The cartons now coming in
bear a red "sticker," but Jt is not the one
bearing the 10c price mark which has been so
objectionable to the trade and which has led
to repacking of coast goods on arrival. Loose
Muscatel raisins are easier, being offered more
lreely at 6%c for 3-crown.
Mall advices from New York say:
Dried Fruit in New York.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London financial' cablegram- says:
The stock market to-day was stagnant, the
American department not being excepted.
American stocks dpened at parity and were
heavy till the afternoon, when New York or
ders caused a rally of %@1 point. The close
was dull.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 18.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchlson
77%; Canadian Pacific, 114%; D. & R. G., 48%;
do prefd, 97%; Northern Pacific prefd, 100;
Southern Pacific, 59%; Union Pacific prefd, 91.
Bar sliver, quiet. 26 15-16d per ounce. Money
1@1% per cent.
New York Metal Market
NEW YORK, Sept, 18.— London tin prices
ruled weak all day. closing weak at £114 2s 6d
for spot and £112 10s for futures. The local
market for that metal went about 25 points
lower in sympathy with depression abroad,
finally closing weak in tone at $25 20@25 30.
Trade was fair. A 5@10 point rise occurred in
spelter locally' as a result of buying orders,
and the market was firm all day, closing firm
at Si 05@4 10. -'At London, however, values were
unchanged at £16 15s. • ' ,
Lead was dull at $4 37% here and unchanged
at' £12 in London.
Copper eased off slightly at London to £67
5s for. spot and £67 12s 6d for futures. Here
the market was nominally unchanged at $16 5 J
@17 for Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 62% for
casting. •
Domestic iron markets ruled dull and closed
at $9@10 for piglron warrants; No. 1 Northern
foundry, $15@15 50; No. 2 foundry, southern,
$14@15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, $14 75@15 25;
No. 1 foundry, southern, soft, $14 75@15 25.
Glasgow warrants closed at 54s 2d and Mld
dlesboro closed at 45s 9d.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.-The market for cot
ton futures closed steady, 3@4 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Foreign Markets'.
LONDON. Sept. 18.— Consols, 93 13-16; silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes, 101 f; wheat cargoes on
passage, rather easier; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 28s 6d; Walla Walla, 27s 6d; English
country markets, quiet. . •.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 18.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. • 5s lld@5s ll%d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour, in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England fine.
COTTON- Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
. CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red "Western
winter. 5s 6%d; No. 1 Northern spring. 5s 8%d;
No. 1 California. 6s ll%d. Futures, dull; De
cember. 5s 8d. .
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new,
firm. 5s id. Futures, easy; October, 5s; No
vember, 5s Id. -
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. IS.— Clearings, $442,675;
balances, $56,459.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Sept 18.— Walla Walla, 53%@
54c; valley, 55c; bluestem, 55@56c.
TACOMA, Sept. IS.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 55%c; club, 54%c.
WASHINGTON,
All the exchanges will be closed to-day.
The Makaweli Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 40c per share, payable on the
25th inst. The directors announce that owing
to the decreased price in raw sugar and in
creased cost of labor there will be no further
dividends until next Fehruary.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was lower
at $41 75 and Giant Powder was weak at
?73 75. ' • • .
The only fluctuation worthy of note on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange was a
decline in Spring Valley Water to $S7 50. Trad
ing was light. There was nothing new in the
oil stocks. . •
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.: .'V;
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice ."...... 46 Ontario. ........11 75
Breece • 1 40,Ophir ............... ; 75
Brunswick Con .. 6 Phoenix - 8
Comstock Tunnel. 7 Potosi ..............: 1
Con Cal & Va.... 1 65|Savage '..*....; . 6
Dead wood Terra...' 50 Sierra Nevada ... 10
Horn Silver 1 75! Small Hopes ...... 40
Iron Silver 59 Standard - 3 25
LeadvUle Con...... «l • . .
Total sales 739.500*
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s r*£....10S% Hock Valley 4t£s... 106
do coup 109 L & N Un 4s 101
<lo 3s reg 108 Mexican Cent 4s... 85
do coup 10S do 1st inc 32%
do new 4s reg.. ..139 Minn &• St L 4s. ...102%
do coup 139 M K & T 4s... 98%
do old 4s reg 112 do 2ds 82%
do coup 1 113 N Y Cent lFts 105%
do 6s reg 108 do gen 3%s 107
do coup ....108 N J C een 5s. ...129%
Atchlson gen 4s. ..104' North Pacific 4s... 104%
do adj 4s 96% do 3s 52%
B & O 4s 103% N & W con 4s. ...102%
do 3Vis ..* 93 Reading Gen 4s. t.. 95%
do conv 4s 106% f?t I. & T M con Ss.lls ,
Can South 2ds 106 • St L & S F 4s 95
Cent of Ga 5s 106% St L S W lsts...: 97%
do '1st inc 80 do 2ds 79%
Ches & O 4%s 105% 8 A & A P 4s 96%
Chi & Alton 3%s... 85 Bouth Pacific 4s... 91%
Chi B & Q new 4s. 96% Southern Rail 5s. ..116%
C M & StP gen 4s.llO% Tex & Pac lsts 118%
C & N W con 140 T St L & W 4s.... 85
Chi R I & P 4S....106 Union Pac 4s. 105
C C C & St L gen do conv 4s. ...... .107
4 S 102 Wabash lsts ....'..118%
Chi Teftn 4s ., 94. do 2ds 110%
Col & South 4s .... S8 do- deb *B 62%
Pen & R G 4s. .....101% West Shore 4s. ...113
Erie prior lien 4s.";. 97% W & L E 4s.:.;.. 90%
Erie Gen 4s 88 Wisconsin Cen 4s.. 88%
Ft W & D C 1st.. 103%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— . * Sales High Low Close
Atchlson 19,500 76% 74% 76Vi
Atchison pfd 800 96% 96 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 6.600 104% 102 104V4
Baltimore & Ohio .pfd.. 100 94V4 94% 94Vi
Canadian Pacific 1.300 111% 111 111%
Canada Southern 6,600 .8Hi 75% 81
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,100 46% 45%, 46%
Chicago & Alton 2,400 39 37% 3SV*
Chicago & Alton pfd... 100 78V4 78% 78
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 5,600 42% 41% 42U
Chicago Ind &. L pfd... 100 76 76 75
Chicago & East Illinois 126
Chicago A Gt Western. 1,300 24% 23% 24%
Chicago & G W A pfd .... 84
Chicago & G W B pfd 48
Chicago & Northwestern 300 196 195 196
Chicago R I & Pac 3.100 146% 143 143
Chicago Term & Trans. 300 22 22 22
Chicago Term & T pfd. 1,000 41% 39% 41 •
C C C & St Louis 2,300 98 97 97%
Colorado Southern 1,200 14% 14 14%
Colorado So 1st pfd 200 54%" 54 54
Colorado So 2d pfd 700 26 25V4 25V>
Delaware & Hudson .... 700 165 -164 164%
Delaware Lack & West 400 224 222 224
Denver & Rio Grande.. 400 47 46% 47
Denver & R G pfd 100 94% .94% 94%
Erie 30,100 43% 42% 43
Erie 1st pfd 3.600 71% 70% 71%
Erie 2d pfd 1,200 57% 57% 57%
Great Northern pfd.....' .400 184% 184% 184%
Hocking Valley ......... 2,100 54% 53 54
Hocking Valley pfd 200 76 75 75%
Illinois Central 700 146 145 145%
Iowa Central 38%
Iowa Central pfd 71%
Lake Erie & Western... 7.800 68% 65 67
Lake Erie & West pfd. 100 126 126 129
Louisville & Nashville. 6.300 104% 102% 103%
Manhattan L 8,100 120 119 119%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 1,000 164% 163 164
Mexican Central 300 24% 24% 24%
Mexican National ...... 1.000 14% 14% 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis 800 1CS% 108 108% >
Missouri Pacific 7,700 105% 103 104%
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 200 29% 29 29
Missouri Kans & T pfd. 1.000 54% 54 54%
New Jersey Central 250 163 163 162
New York Central 1.600 158 134 157%
Norfolk & Western 17.700 55% 64% 55%
Norfolk & Western pfd :... 87 '
Northern & Pacific pfd. 100 96% 96% 96%
Ontario & Western 18,000 .35% 33% 35%
Pennsylvania 12.900 146 144% -145%
Reading 4,100 42% 41% 42%
Reading 1st pfd... 1,000 76% 75% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 5.600 53% 53 63%
St Louis & San Fran... 200 45% 45% 45%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 78
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 300 68 67% 68
St Louis Southwestern. 600 30% 30 30%
St Louis Southwest pfd 1.200 6J% 63 62%
St Paul 32,500 164% 161% 162%
St Paul pfd 188
Southern Pacific 15,300 58% 57% 5S%
Southern Railway 12,600 34% 32% 34%,
Southern Railway pfd.. 11,000 89% 87% 89
Texas & Pacific 3.200 43% 42% 42%
Toledo St Louis & West 100 21 21 21
Toledo St L& W pfd... 600 35 34 34%
OnlOPl Pacific 92.900 99% 97% 99Vs
Union Pacific pfd 1,800 89% 88% 8!s%
Wabash 1.100 22% 21% 22%
Wabash pfd 2,200 40 39% 39%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheel & L Erie 2d pfd 30
Wisconsin Central 600 22% 22 22
Wisconsin Central pfd 42
F.xpress companies-
Adams 1S2
American 190
United States 93
Wells-Fargo .... 160
Miscellaneous— •
Amalg Copper 130,800 106% 103% 105%
Am Car & Foundry 600 30 29% 30
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 1.000 84% 84 83
Am Linseed Oil .... 18
Am Linseed Oil pfd.... 200 50 50 49
Am Smelting & Refln.. 2.100 46 45 43%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd. 1,600 101 98% 100%
Am Tobacco 200 135 J35 135
Anaconda Min Co.. 4.600 44% 43% 44
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 3,300 66% 65% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron 4,300 102 99% 99
Consolidated Gas 1.100 222 221 221%
Continental Tobacco 67%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 117% 117% 115
General Electric 200 262 260 262
Glucose Sugar 300 57 56% 56 '
Hocking Coal 300 18% IS 18
International Paper 24%
International Pap pfd.., 79
International Power 100 95 95 94
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit 300 44% 44% 44
National Lead 100 19% 19% 19%
National Salt 41
National Salt pfd 200 77 76% 75
North American 100 97% 97% 97%
Pacific Coast 100 -69% 69% 68
Pacific Mall BOO 41%' 41 ¦ 40%
People's Gas 2.100 109% 108% 109
Preised Stwl. Car 100 41% • 41% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 100 81 81 80%
Pullman Palace Car.- 210
Republic Steel 1,700 15 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd 1,200 67% 66 67%
Sugar 29.200 135% 131 134%
Tenn Coal & Iron 1.900 64% 63% 63%
Union Hag & Paper Co. \ 300 16% 16 16
Union Ii8K & P Co pfd. 100 73% 73% 73
TTnltsd States Leather.. 500 13 12% 13
United States Lenth pfd 1.000 $1% 80% 81
United States Rubber 18
United States Rub pfd <..'Vi
United States Steel 23.400 44 43% 43%
United States Ptc#l pfd. 11.000 94% 93% 94V*
Western Union 11.000 94 92% 93%
Speculative bonds were: active and strong, but
there was some Irregularity among less active
issues. Total sales, $2,095,000.
United States refunding 2s. advanced % per
cent on the last call.
Conditions In the money market were tran
quil under the influence of continued fc large
outgo from the sub-Treasury to the money mar
ket.
The rise of 4>4 in Sugar was due to the
stock's subscription rights declared by the,
stockholders to-day. %'.
that stock made a vigorous rally of 2%, the
effect of the buying elsewhere became empha
sized* and prices rose buoyantly throughout the
list to the top level of the day. Southern Rail
way was easily the feature and nearly all the
transactions in the stock during the last hour
were In 1000 to 6000 share lots. The price rose
two points, and an extended additional list of
the Morgan railroads advanced from one to
two points. Hocking Valley gained &%. The
Vanderbilt group. Including New York Central,
the New York. Chicago and St Louis stock,
Canada Southern, C. C. C. and St. Louis, Pe
orla and Eastern and Lake Erie and Western
rose from 2V4 to "hi. giving rise to confident
predictions of an early announcement of a com
prehensive plan of merger for all the Van
derbllts.
There will be no business In the United State«
to-day, owing to the funeral of the late Presi
dent McKinley. The Liverpool Corn Exchange
will also remain closed in respect to the mourn
ing throughout this country.
No Business To-Day.
EGGS — Ranch, 30<g.3ic for choice" to fancy,
and 26@29c for fair to good; store, 22®25c per
dozen; cold storage, 22@22y 2 c; Eastern, 17@22Vic.
BUTTER — Creamery,' 24@25c per lb for. fancy
and 22%@23c for seconds; dairy, 18@22%c'; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@21c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old. 10'Ac; Young
America, 12 1 / Jc per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. .„• .' .
Receipts were 24,100 pounds of Butter,.
pounds Eastern Butter, 538 cases of Eggs,- — '•
cases Eastern Eggs, 11,000 pounds of California
Cheese. . • . . : . - :;¦ ¦_
. With the exception of fancy Creamery, which
keeps up. Butter is still dragging and stocks
are accumulating. Prices stand about the
same. ; • There is no change in Cheese.
Eggs are slow. The advance' has been too
rapid and some dealers are shading the quota
tions to sell. There is no scarcity of stock.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— Close— Money on call
closed firmer at 4V4@5 per cent; last loan, 4 per
cent; ruling- rate, 4 per cent.. Prime mercan
til« paper, 5@6 per cent Sterling exchange,
steadier, with actual business in . bankers'
bills at $4 S4%@4 S3 for demand and $4 82%@
4 82ft for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83tf and
|4 86. Commercial bills, $4 81%@4 82%. ' Bar
silver, 58Hc. Mexican dollars, 45%c. Gov
ernment, bonds, strong; State bonds, Inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market
Game is firmer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and' 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16@18c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, {1 50@l 75;
Ducks, i$3®4 for old and $3 50@o for young;
Htns, $3 5'6@4 . for common and $4 50@5 for
choice; young Roosters, $4@4 50; old Roos
ters, J3 50@4; Fryers.' " $3 50; Broilers, $3@3 50
for large and $2 50fi3 for small; Pigeons, fl 23@
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen,- Jl; Hare, $10125:
Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail , and $1 25 for
Brush; English Snipe, $3 50; Jack Snipe, $2 per
dozen. - . - •.• -•
¦ . , ,,.> / ¦;
'. Another car of Eastern .came in, making six
thus far this week. The market is weak and
dull under these heavy arrivals.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks. 2O.8S3 Shorts, sks 25
"Wheat, ctls 6,920 Broom Corn, bdls 61
Barley, ctls 15,100 Hides, No 1.151
Oats, ctls ........ 620 Pelts, bdls So
Hay, tons 174 Beans, sks 1.141
Corn, ctls .... 1.143 Wine, gals ;. 46,200
Potatoes, sks 4.852 Leather, rolls "... 113
Bran, sks 1,435 Quicksilver, flsks 50
Middlings, ska ... b90 Sugar, ctla 5.2S1
"Wool, sks 175 Lime, bbls 273
Hops, bales 20' Chicory, bbls .... 50
OREGON.
Bran, ska ......;'. 275 Middlings, sks .. 70
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales 2311 •
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Pears—
Bartletts, box, $1 40@3 40, average $2 58. Grapes
—Tokays, single crate, $1 3U@1 9u, average $1 59;
Muscat, single crate, , average $1 20. Peaches —
George's Late, box, 60@65c, average 63c; Sal
way», box, 45@70c, average 54c. Twenty-one
cars sold. Weather wet; unfavorable.
BOSTON, Sept. 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales or California fruit at auction to
day are as - follows: Graces— Tokays, single
crate, $1 25 ; Muscats, single crate, ?1 15.
Peaches— Salways, box, 5U@05c, average 59c;
George's Late, box, 45©60c, average 50c; Crim
son Beauty, box, 55c. Three cars sold.
Weather wet; unfavorable.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. IS.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and- the ': following price* were realized:
Peaches— Salways, box, 65c; Grapes— Tokays,
eingle crate, $1 95. Weather wet; unfavorable.
Four cars sold. '.-•••
No business to-day.
Exchange about the same. Silver a fraction lower.
Liverpool Corn Exchange to remain closed to-day.
Wheat weaker. Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Activity in Hay checked by the strike. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as before.
Butter dragging, Clieese steady and Eggs rather slow.
Fruit trade will observe the day of mourning.
Situation in Dried Fruit unchanged.
Wine Grapes higher liere and in the country.
A further advance in Hams, Bacon and Lard expected.
Poultry market overstocked with Eastern fowl.
Light transactions in local stocks.
California Fruit Sales.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- West End ..96%
Call loans ..5@6 Westlnghse Elec... 71%
Time loans 5@6 Bonds—
Stocks— Atchlson 4s ... .". . . 101%
A-T&StPe 76 Mining Shares—
A T & St F pfd... 96 Adventure 27%
American Sugar.. .134& Bingham M Co.... 3714
Amn Telephone. ...163J4 Amal Copper 113%
Boston & Albany.257 Atlantic ....._.... 37>i
Boston Elevate'd... 172 Calumet & Hecla.720
Boston & Maine.. .191 Centennial ......... 26
Dominion Coal ... 42Vi Franklin 18
Dom Coal prefd..H5y 2 Humboldt ...; 40
U-S Steel 43% Osceola .....Ill
U;S Steel, prefd... 93% Parrot 49
Fitchburg prefd ..143 Qulncy .....170
General Electric... 260% Santa Fe Copper.. 6U
Mexican Central .24 Tamarack 340
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Utah Mining 21%
pld, Colony "-. ..206% Winona 2*4
Union Pacific ..... 99% Wolverines ..." 66%
Pld Dominion 23^4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
POTATOES— 90c@Sl 25 in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, Jl 35@1 55;
Sweets. 50(g75c for Rivers and *1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@?l per ctl; Pickle Onions. 50
@75c per ctl. ¦ •
' VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@2c; String
Beans. 2@3%c; Llmas. 3@4%c; Cabbage. 40@50o
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@35c; from
Alameda, 25@40c; Dried Peppers, 10@12 l ,4c;
Green Okra, 40@60c per box; Carrots, 25@S5c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay. 25@40c; Pickles-" 1V4@
iHc per lb for small and %@lc for large; Gar
lic, 2@3c; 'Green Peppers,- 25<g)60c per box for
Chile and 25@35c for Bell ; Egg Plant, 30@50c
per box; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack; Alameda,
75c@$l 25. per crate; Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer
Squash, large boxes. 25@40c; new Marrowfat
Squash, $10<&12 per ton; Hubbard Squash, flu
@12. . .
Potatoes and Onions remained about the
same, receipts of. both being sufficient for the
demand. , Vegetables came In late, and the
market was liberally supplied.
Potatoes, Onions mid Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
@3V*c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
@2%c; Hemp, 3%c-per lb. • ¦¦¦••. '• : ..
DRIED PE AS— Niles, *1 65 per ctl.
a SHEEP— Receipts, 6400; market, slow. Steady
to shade lower. Top/Idaho: lambs, $4 60; top,
Idaho wethers, $3 50.
. • HOGS— Receipts, 5700; market. 5@10c higher.
Light and- light mixed, $6 65@6 85; medium" and
5 e - a J? r ' $6 70 ®« 9?H; Pigs, ?3 75@6 35; bulk, *6 80
QEtU SO. " '¦,-». V
i ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 18.-CATTLE-Re
ceipts, 2200; market generally 10c higher. Na
tive,. $3@fi 25; Texans- and Westerns, $2 504?
4 90; cows and heifers. $1 35@5 10; bulls and
stags. -?2 25@4 75; yearlings and calves, $2 33
@3 8o; stockers and feeders," $2@4; veals, $2 50
(gB 50. ¦ \ - ..'..;• ....
ST. JOSEPH,
$3 25@3 60; native lambs, fancy. $5; fair to
choice,' $3@4 60; Western' lambs, $4@4 60. .
in sacks: Pennsylvania^ A n «? r «i i6 t Jf S in' bulk
Cannel 110 De"r ton; Coke, $la per ton in DUlK
and ?17 In sfcks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
*S 45 per 2000 lbs and ?8 SOper ton. according to
b O?LS-Callfornia Castor Oil. in cases No.
1 70c- pure $120; Linseed Oil. In barrels,
bol ed 74c; raw. 72c; cases. 5c "»«J5
39c for boiled and 57c for _raw inbarrejf •¦£»«»
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. SOC'-Ca*"'
S3c China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neats
foot Oil. barrels. 67%c; cases. 72%c. Sperm,
pure. 65c;- Whale Oil. natural white. 4<^*f
per gallon; Fish Oil, In barrels. 3<V4c, cases.
WMte Coal Oil, in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil; in cases. 19c: Astral. 19c. .Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c; Lo ce ne. -I...
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15cMn ca *?f'
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases. 20c. se-ae
gree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In cases. -6c. .
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases ana
E2c in drums or iron barrels. rwn
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:_
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, o.lOc; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated. 4.9pc. ury
Granulated. 4.85c; Confectioners' A. 4.8ac; J™ 11
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated. 4.(ac; Mag
nolia A, 4.45c: Extra C. 4.35c: Golden C. *.2»c.
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
60c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos. half-barrels, 5.35c; boxes, 5.60c per ID.
THE SAN FRANCISCO fCALL, THURSDAY; SEPTEMBER 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE COAST RECORD.
10
AUCTION SALES
<>-,. FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE /ggbg*
*-** FOR HORSES, two. four and £* i 3£?=a»«
six horse wagons, wheel, .fresno, slip and
buck scrapers, road plows, all sizes, stable
tents, etc. FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1722 Mar-
ket st, S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«. Steamers 'leave Broadway
ik Wharf. San Francisco:
PgSt^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
Kg5S*&i Sept. 13. IS. :23. 23. Oct. J.
KKSpJjBWv Change to company's ateam-
1 KK HSiVffa ers at Seattle.
• El&Sei For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
( EH£2C*«e9i C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^lXmSijxSfiA Tacom'a, Everett and New
JA Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Sept. 13, 18. 23. 23. Oct. J.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.. Sept.
14. 19. 24. 29. Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Stata of California. Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa . Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days, 9 a. m. )
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to chan*9
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKPICE-4 Neir Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In the North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service— Quick Time.
THE SHORT LINE TO \
Walla "Walla, and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewlston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
No. 1 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE 'WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting- at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board, on
day of sailing.
feS. NIPPON MARU. .Friday, September 27. 1901
SS. vAMERICA MARU *.
"Wednesday. October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.: Saturday. November 18. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HXW YORK. B0OTHAXPT0K. LONDON, PA&23L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Haverford Sept. £1 1 St. Paul Oct. -3
St. Louia Sept. r St. Louis Oct. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 2| Philadelphia ....Oct. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon. '
•Zeeland Sept. 2J[ "Vaderland Oct. 18
Friesland Oct. 2|Kenstngton Oct. 23.
Southwark Oct. 3i "Zeeland Oct. 30
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR; .
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
ArftAanf 4* C C P A HA wAtt, Samoa, he.1
oceanic s.sxo. --?, ™ =
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sept. 19. 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Sept. 21. 2 p. in.
5. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. ..Thursday. Oct. 3. 10 a. m.
J. 0. SPSECXELS k BROS. CO., Gtnarai Agents. 327 Karen 51
een'l Pauangir (Mi*, 643 Harkst St, lisr la. 7. Pacitc St
PANAMA R. R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, |105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. 6. Arftyll . sails Mond»y, Oct. 14
6. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Alondny, Dec. 2 j*
From Howard-street Whart at 1 p. m. "*
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st. '
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAQNI2 GENERALS THANSATIxUTIQCJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ».*>_.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead o£ *ra«trfy
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. »»*"Pw*
North River, foot of Morton street; "L'Aqul-
talne, September 19: La BretJgne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savoie. Oc-
tober 10.
First claaa to Havre. $70 and upward. Second .
class to Havre, $45 and upwail. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agenta. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard. 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. 2S1AREQUIPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL • ILIMARI Oct. 24
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
.(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
EAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3.
: -Steamers GEN. FRI3BIB or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. .9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves ValleJv^
7 a. tn.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except SundayT^l
Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far« 50 cents.*!
Telephone Main 13CS. Landing and otflct. pier
2,'Mlsslon-at. dock. HATCH BROS..AN* INSOLVENT SALESMAN.— H. W. Lan
(tenour, a salesman of "Woodland, Yolo County,
Hied a petition in Insolvency yesterday In the
United States District Court. He owes $1950 50
and has no assets. ". .
¦ . ¦ ¦-.- - ' ' '"¦ .... '.*
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 18.-Dr. Willis R.
Congdon and MJss Edith L. Case, princi
pal of the Laurel School, were • married
last night. The Rev. J. R. Knodell of the
Congregational church was the officiating
clergyman.
Santa Cruz Wedding Bites.
- Robert Downing, stage director at the
Central Theater, filed; a suit for divorce
Tuesday against his wife, Eugenia A. B.
Downing. In the complaint he alleges
that his wife, to whom he was married at
Minneapolis in 1888, deserted him.
Actor Downing Files Complaint.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 18.—
The senior class met to-day to elect of
ficers. As there were no contests for the
various offices the secretary cast the bal
lot for the nominees. The following will
hold office for the ensuing semester: Pres
ident, K. E. Wigle; vice president, J. Q.
Young; secretary, R. V.* Reppy; treasurer,-
G. W. Dryer; sergeant-at-arms. H. ¦ C.
Jones: fctbletic manager, ¦ E. M. "Chad
bourne; executive committee, Charles A.
Whitmore and F. A.. Brown.; ; :. . •
Stanford Seniors Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, 'Sept. IS.— Licences to mar
ry were issued to-day to Robert S. Laws,
26 yeors, and Mary B.' Carpenter, 23, both
of Oakland; Horace 'E. Nelson,. 21, and
Hortensia Inman, 18, both of San Fran
cisco ; Charle3 M. Iverson, 30, ] and Lizzie
Brettnacher, . 20, both of San Francisco;
Paul Cruciannl, ,26, and Annie McCarthy,
26. both of San Fjancisco; William S.
Holladay, 25, and Mauda Hamilton, 19,
both .of Oakland;. Manuel Lapranta. 21,
Oakland, and . 'Fannie 'Lennan, 21, San
Francisco:" Frank JV J Wilkinson, . 30.
and Lena F. McDonald, , 26, both of Oak
land.'. .-; ; : ' -¦"- ¦ ', V • ¦ ' ¦,'•¦
Licensed to Marry.
Transport Meade at Manila.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— General Chaf
fee has notified the War Department that
the transport Meade arrived at Manila
yesterday. .
During the past, week Mr. and Mrs.
John Quist of 191 "Peralta avenue .have
lost three children by diphtheria.- The
eldest died on Sunday, the second on
Tuesday and the third yesterday. The
oldest was than seven years and the
youngest slightly over, three years of
age. ' : . ..¦'¦.: ¦ • •¦. ... ., , ¦¦
Lose Three Children in One Week.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 18.— It was
given out here to-day that a deal is pend
ing between Canadian Pacific officials
and Goodall, Perkins & Co. for the sale
to the latter of the big sidewheeler Yo
semite. The vessel, will be used on the
route between Seattle and Vancouver,
which pays exceedingly well for the two
steamers now operating. The Yosemlte
will handle business by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, so that the regular
liners will not have to come to Vancou
ver. The extra passenger rate to San
Francisco, as against the rate from Seat
tle, will be absorbed under the new ar
rangement. -
Buying the Steamship Yosemits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— At a special
meeting of the stockholders of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company in Jersey
City to-day the directors were authorized
to cancel the $10,000,000 mortgage bonds
created when the company was organized,
but which were never Issued, and to issue
115,000,000 additional stock. The new stock
will be half common and half preferred,
and present stockholders of each class
will have the privilege of subscribing at
par to the new stock at the rate of one
share of new stock for every five shares
of old stock.
Will Cancel Mortgage Bonds.
James F. Seed.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 18.— James F.
Reed died in Capitola last night. He was
among the survivors of the ill-fated Don
ner party, which came to California in
1848. He was a native of Illinois, aged 61
years. _
James G. Patterson,
HARTFORD. Conn.. Sept. 18.— James G.
Patterson, president of the Travelers' In
stn?mce Company, died at his home to-day
affer a short illness with sciatica. He
was eighty years of age. •-» ..
BERKELEY, Sept 18.— Dr. William
Foster, a Ban Francisco physician, resid
ing at 2920 Otis street, had the flesh of
the calf of his left leg torn off and the
tibia broken by falling under the train at
Ashby station at an early hour this morn
ing. - • V' '
Physician Injured by Train.
Francisco Da Luz, a carpenter employed
in the Union Iron Works, died yesterday
morning from ' injuries received on the
preceding day. While he was sawing a
piece of lumber on a circular saw one end
Of the stick struck him violently In the
stomach. 'Da Luz resided with his wife
at 22 Monteziima avenue. He : was 44
years old and a native of 'Portugal.
Killed by a Buzz Saw.
' DENVER, Sept. IS.— Judge Johnson, in
the Criminal Court' td-day, made an order
for the suspension of District Attorney
Lir.dsley and the appointment of a spec
ial prosecutor to present the cases of
alleged jury bribing to the special grand
jury. C. S. .Thomas, Llndsley's attorney,
gave notice j thai the Supreme Court
would be asked for a writ of prohibition.
The grand jury was excused until next
Monday. , . ; . . • • .¦"•_¦
Asks for Special Prosecutor.
NILES, Sept. 18.— A letter has been re
ceived by W. H. Bliss from his daughter,
Rosie Bliss, now Mrs. Horace Hall of
Watsonvllle. Mr. Bliss opposed the mar
riage of his daughter to Hall, and a lew
days ago she disappeared. She now writes
that she was determined to marry Hall,
and when she became of age ran away.
Suns Away to Marry.
As the applications for admission to the
model school classes maintained In con
nection with the State Normal School in
this city are in excess of the accommo
dation from the fifth to the eighth grades,
the board of trustees at their meeting
yesterday decided to charge all grammar
grade pupils who may be admitted after
October 1 an annual tuition fee of $3. The
total attendance is now 123 students. Re
ports show that twenty-five of last year's
graduates have secured positions In eight
een »countles of the State. F. A. Hyde
was added to the executive committee.
Make Charge for Tuition.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 18.— The
story of a probable murder was brought
here by the steamer. Tees. The body of
an unknown man was found burned to a
crisp on the rocky shore of Moresby Island,
400 miles north of Vancouver. Prospec
tors found the charred remains in a
thicket. Large stones had been taken
into this remote spot, the body placed on
the pile and a fire made of dried logs.
The remains were plainly those of a white
man, apparently about 30 years of age.
Found on a Rocky Northern
Shore.
Evidence of Murderer's Awful Crime
BURNS VICTIM'S BODY
ON A FUNEBAL PYRE
'.C. B. Johnson, representing Kohler &.
Chase, 28 O'Farrell street, secured a war
rant from Judge Fritz Tuesday for the
arrest of L. C. Miller on the charge cf
felony embezzlement. Miller has been
outside salesman for the firm for about
five weeks. The particular charge against
him is that of selling a piano on Septem
ber 13 to MaxGallick, auctioneer. Mar
ket street, near Seventh, for $S5 cash, a
gold watch and chain and a quantity of
clothing. . ..••¦•
Charges Salesman With Felony.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 18.— The dele
gates representing seven political parties
of reform, who came here to the "Allied
Third party" conference, held their ses
sion to-night, after two days of separate
meetings behind closed doors. All of the
preliminary work, of launching the new
political party, which is to be a union of
all reform parties, was done by the con
ference of committees of the several dele
gations .before the delegates met In joint
session to-night. It was directed that the
party is to be called the Allied party, and
a platform embodying the principles . of
the party was agreed, upon.
Name for the New Party.
Judge Graham Intends to investigate
the conduct of Attorney Collins, who se
cured the arrest of Actor Thompson on
an order from the Judge by presenting an
affidavit which was not filed and no trace
of which can now be found. Judge Gra
ham appointed ex-Judge Slack and Attor
ney Edward L?.nde to inquire into the
<"i£appearance cf the paper. Judge Gra
)JBn intends citing Collins to appear be
nFe him to Bhow cause why he should
not be punished for contempt of court
Will Cite Attorney Collins.
Mrs. Josephine Smith, from whom her
husband, Charles H. Smith, obtained a
divorce some time ago, filed notice of a'
motion for a" new trial yesterday. She
also asks to be allowed $50 costs and the
further sum of $250 for counsel fees.
The Smith divorce *case attracted a
great deal of attention during the trial,
owing to the attitude of Mrs. Smith, who
acted as her own lawyer. She conducted
the case in a manner that savored more
of a family quarrel than a legal proceed
ing.
Mrs. Smith Asks for a New Trial.
DENVER, Sept. 18.— The officials of the
National Livestock Association to-day re
ceived, word from Flagstaff, Ariz., that
the Arizona Wool Growers' Association, in
session there, had appointed twenty-five
delegates to the annual meeting of the
former, which will convene in Chicago on
December 3. This is the first delegation
this year to be appointed for this con
vention. Strong resolutions were also
passed indorsing the policy of the national
organization. . - _ • •" '.
Wool Growers Name Delegates.
Miss Cutter was compelled by ill health
to come home some weeks ago, and;
though she has not yet fully regained her
strength, is hastening her return to as
sist Mrs. Moody, who has been keeping
up the work in the hospitals and other
quarters single-handjed.
Miss Genevieve Cutter, who went out
to Manila some two years ago as the ad
vance guard of the Penlel mission work.
Is about to return to her chosen post and
will make her farewell this evening at 8
o'clock at the Penlel Mission Hall, 49
Third street.
Miss Cutter Returns to Duty.
Carelessness with gasoline in the rooms
occupied by the Golden Gate Renovating
Company caused a lively blaze about 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon in the build
ing at 10, 12 and 14 Montgomery street.
A considerable quantity of clothing was
destroyed. The fire also damaged the
printing establishment of Heyman
Brothers on the floor above. Baldwin &
Hov.ell and G. H. Umbsen & Co., who
occupied offices on the ground floor, were
damaged by water. The building Is
owned by Charles Holljrook of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson. The loss was about
$2500, fully covered by insurance.
Fire on Montgomery Street.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 18.— At a meeting to
day of sriking ironworkers from the Star
and MonongahoJa plants, at which 500
were present, it was dec ded by unanimous
vote to repudiate the New York agree
ment and continue the strike independ
ently. Failing to hear from President
Shaffer on the terms of the settlement,
representatives of the two lodges con
ferred with J. W. Phillips, district man
ager for the American, Tinplate Company.
The terms offered by Mr. Phillips, the
men claim, means a big reduction in ton
nage, rates, while the output is greatly
increased. . The men will continue the
strike against this reduction.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 18.— Battery A
has been under orders all day and ' is
ready to leave for Hopkins County at any
time their services are thought to be nec
essary by Governor Beckham, who has
a personal representative at the scene of
the trouble. Company A, at Bowling
Greenland Company D, at Hopklnsville,
are also under orders.
MADISONVILLE, Ky., Sept. 18.— Early
this morning a force of union miners at
tacked the Poinecke mine here, where a
strike has been in progress for some
time. The union men opened flre when
:ne guards were least expecting an at
tack and about 500 shots were exchanged
but no one was injured. At 6 o'clock this
evening another attack was made
After about 200 shots had been ex
changed the union men retreated. County
Judge Hall and Sheriff Hankins have
asked Governor Beckham for troops
Warrants have been issued for J D
Woods, district president of the Miners'
Union, and others.
The Republican local convention will
meet at B'nai B'rith Hall next Thurs
day evening. It is doubtful if nomina
tions will be reached this evening, as
much time will be taken in the discus
sion of resolutions from the platform
committee. The programme, which was
thrown aside at the session last Monday
evening, provided in effect that H. G. W.
Dinkelspeil is not even a member of the
committee on resolutions and in that ca
pacity would be able to present a ready
made Dlatforro to the convention. As a
result of the disaster to the programme,
Dinkelspiel is not even a member of the
platform committee. In the Forty-first
District delegation he is one of the Dib
ble minority of three members, hence he
was not selected to represent -the dis
trict on the committee.
It is the general impression among poli
ticians that many of the delegates who
were nominated on the tacit understand
ing that they would accept a programme,
have, in the light of subsequent events,
resolved on independent line of action. At
the present time there is no slate. John C.
Kirkpatrick, George Stone and Thomas
V. Cator are spoken of as leading candi
dates for Mayor. 'Colonel Stone attends
the funeral of President McKlnley at
Canton to-day. As a department com
mar.der of the G. A. R. he was delegated
by the National Grand Army Encamp
ment at Cleveland to represent California
and Nevada at the funeral.
Eugene E. Schmitz, the Union Labor
Party's nominee for Mayor, is a Native
Son of California and a member of Ni
antlc Parlor. He is president of the Mu
sicians' Union and a director of the Re
publican Primary League. To-morrow
evening the convention . of the Labor
Party will meet again at Metropolitan
Temple and -proceed to the nomination of
candidates for other offices.
will have only one attendant, her sister.
Miss Bessie Palmer.
The wedding of Miss Freda Dorsch
and William Tinkeldv, which was to have
taken place this evening, has been post
poned for a week on account of the un
expected ¦ death of the aged mother of
Mrs. Dorsch.
VALET JONES TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
Man Who Said He Killed Millionaire
* Rice Seeks to End His
Life.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.-Charles F.
Jones, the valet of William Marsh Rice,
whom Jones said he had killed by admin
istering chloroform, made two attempts
last night to commit suicide. Jones first
tried to cut his throat with the jagged
neck, of a large bottle, which he had
shattered for the purpose. Later he fas
tened his head between the uprights of
his iron bedstead and tried to throw his
body off the bed and thus break his neck.
Both these attempts were frustrated by
the police watching him. Jones had been
feeling badly for several days and wa3
subject to fits of melancholy.
Lets Contract for Grading.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— The San
Pedro. Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road Company to-day let the contract for
grading the hrst thirty miles of the new
fine out of this city to F. M. Monroe and
George O. Monroe of Monrovia, Work
will begin Immediately and the contrac
tors expect to have the grade ready for
the track within ninety days.
Lively Battle Takes
Place at a Kentucky
Colliery.
Theodore Schneider, a representative of
the Agricultural Department of the
Government, arrived in this city
Tuesday, for the purpose of inquiring
into the fruit growing Industry of Cali
fornia, that he may carry information to
Chile, where lruit growing on a large
scale may be undertaken if the reports
submitted are favorable. He Intends /visit
ing every fruit growing county in the
State. Secretary Dennison of the State
Board of Trade has given Schneider let
ters to the chambers of commerce, boards
of trade and similar organizations in the
interior. .
Chilean Commissioner Arrives.
Eugene E. Schmitz Is a
Director of the Pri
mary League.
Hand of Miss Lottie
Herzog.
Local clubdom was treated to a sur
prise yesterday when the marriage of
James Knox Polk and Miss Lottie Herzog
was announced. The wedding occurred
in the afternoon at the residence of the
bride. £11 Turk street. Rev. J. Kuendeling
of the German Lutheran Church officiat
ing. The ceremony was witnessed by only
the immediate members of the family,
and immediately afterward the young
couple left for the southern part of the
State on their honeymoon trip. On their
.return they will take up their residence
m the California Hotel.
Mr. Polk holds a responsible position
with the firm of Macondray & Co. Besides
being one of the most popular members
of the local lodge of Elks, he is a mem
ber of the Press. Olympic and Monticello
clubs and the Corinthian Yacht Club. The
groom is a descendant of one of the old
Southern families, which gave to the
country a President after whom he is
named.
Miss Herzog is the daughter of Gustav
Herzog. She is a young lady of charm
ing personality and sweet disposition.
James Knox Polk Wins the Heart and
POPULAR CLUBMAN
I JOINS THE BENEDICKS
UNION MINERS
FIRE ON GUARDS
W; J. Bartnett, D. Meyer. R. D. Fry,
James Treadwell and John Treadwell are
the leading spirits of the new industry.
The briquets arc made of a combina
tion of coal and oil, and while the initial
expense is about the same as that of or
dinary forms of fuel, the quantity neces
sary to be consumed to secure the same
amount of heat is about 50 per cent less.
The . plant for the manufacture of the
product Is located in Stockton and has a
capacity of 400, tons daily. ..AIL- the pro
cesses have been patented and the out
look for the venture Is most propitious.
The enterprise Is one which should
prove of great value to California, since
It opens the way to the domestic use of
oil, a goal toward which Inventors have
long striven but which they have not pre
viously attained. The coal utilized con
sists of screenings and slack, which com
bined with oil and placed -under heavy
pressure comes out of the factory in the
form of small oblate spheroids.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin
Coal Company, the pioneers in the man
ufacture of briquets on the Pacific Coast,
placed their new product on the. market
yesterday. Experiments with a view to
perfecting this sort of fuel' for domestic
use have been going on for a period of
more than three years and results have
proved the Judgment of the founders of
the enterprise. »
Company Commences Manufac
ture of Briquets.
San Francisco and San Joaquin Coal
NEW VARIETY OF FUEL
PLACED ON THE MARKET
SAN LUCAS, Sept. 18.— James O'Neill,
foreman of the Southern Pacific . Milling
Company at San. Ardo, disappeared last
Sunday night. Search was made for him
and his Hfeles3 body v/as discovered this
forenoon lying at the bottom of a twenty
foot embankment. It is supposed he was
suffering from' temporary mental aberra
tion and in wandering around in the dark
ness fell from the bluff.
O'Neill was a past chancellor command
er of Beatrice Lodge. Knights of Pythias,
and was a native of Liverpool. He was
about 40 years of age.
O'Neill, the Missing San
Ardo Man.
Searchers Find the Body of Jame3
FOUND COLD IN DEATH
AT FOOT OF A BLUFF
The marriage of Miss Ida Belle Palmer
and George Wheaton will be solemnized
at the bride's Jackson-street home on
October 8. The wedding will be one of
tin most important social events of tlie
month, owing to the prominence of . the
two families concerned. Miss Palmer
Mrs. W. A. Bray entertained a small
party at a "red dinner" last evening in
honor of Mrs. Henry Weatherbee and the
latter's sister, Mrs. Farnum. Covers
were laid for Miss Bessie Martin, Mrs.
Martin, Mrs. Coon, Mr. and Mrs. E. M.
Bray, Miss Hilton, Mrs. Balfour Adam
son'and Mrs. W. A. Bray.
The bride wore a pretty gown of white
organdie and carried Bride roses. She
was attended by her sister, Miss Nettle
Hewlitt, who was attired in white or
gandie over blue silk. The bridesmaid
carried a bouquet of pink roses. ' Dr.
Howard Lackey was best man.
The different apartments were beauti
fied with an artistic arrangement of'as
paragus ferns and pink chrysanthemums.
The bower where the bridal party stood
was of delicate green ferns and from the
center depended a large bell of. .white and
palest pink flowers. The ceremony was
witnessed by a few intimate friends and
relatives only., ' ••,_•, „, ,
The bride is a daughter of the late Wil
liam Hewlitt, a wealthy rancher of Pleas
anton, and a niece of H. Hi Hewlitt, the
Stockton banker.
The groom has been connected with
the Hall Warehouse Company of.Pleas
anton for , a number of years, but will
hereafter reside in Washington, where he
has business interests. Mr. and Mrs.
Jamieson left to-day for their northern
home.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18— A pretty
" home wedding took place yester
day afternoon at the residence of
Mrs. Mary Hewlitt .in East Oak
land, when her eldest' daughter.
Miss Carrie Pauline Hewlitt, became the
bride of George Gillott Jamieson. The
marriage was solemnized in accordance
with the rites of the Episcopal service,
Rev. William Carson Shaw, rector of the
Church of the Advent, officiating.
One of his train crew had set the switch
of a "crossover" in such manner that
when the freight went ahead it was
turned on to the main track. Engineer
Sheldon did not notice the switch quickly
enough to enable him to, stop his train,
and before he realized the express dashed
on the other track. ; .
• The engine of the express and the bag
gage car succeeded in getting by before
the freight engine reached the train, but
the second car of the train, the smoker,
was struck squarely In the middle and
turned over, being thrown down the
steep embankment, landing on its side in
mud. The third car of the train, a pas
senger coach, was dragged over by the
force of the compact and likewise landed
on Its side in the ditch. All those who
were killed outright seemed to be in the
third car, while those injured were in the
car which was struck by the engine. •
•The accident occurred at the Avon'sta
tion, by the side of a high embankment.
The express was one minute behind time
at Avon at 1:37. A freight train of thirty
cars laden with granite, coal and gravel
had just made up on a siding and was
proceeding south in the same direction
as the express. Engineer Sheldon of the
freight train figured that he had four
minutes to spare to get on a sidetrack
further down.
The two unidentified bodies are those of
women, one elderly and very large in fig
ure. The other unidentified victim was
apparently 28 years old, with light hair,
evidently a Swede. ¦ . . •
MISS M. W.'TUNKIN, aged 18, a stu
dent at Howard Seminary, Bridgewater,
daughter of John Tunkin, Oil City, Pa.
JOHN LOWELL, real estate dealer,
Boston.
BROCKTON,. Mass., Sept. 18.— A switch
not properly set brought a passenger ex
press and & heavy freight train together
this afternoon, with. the resultant death
of six passengers on the express train
and injuries to twenty-five others on the
main line of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad at Avon. The ex-*
press left Boston at 1 p. m., and was run
ning forty miles an hour at the time of
the accident. Of the six persons who
were killed but four have been identified.
These are:
EVERETT JOYCE, Brockton.
GUSTAVUS HAY JR., lawyer, of Bos
ton.
James Munsell Jr.. a well-known insur
ance man of San Francisco, died last
night at hie residence in this city. He
was taken sJck last Friday, the day of
the President's death, but serious results
were not expected, he grieved constant
ly for the dead President and this is be
lieved to have prevented him from rally
ing. He was sixty-three years of age and
the California agent for the Mutual Ben
efit Life Insurance Company. He leaves
a widow and two children. The funeral
¦will take place on Saturday afternoon
from Trinity Episcopal Church.
Mr. Ench was one of the leading mem
bers of the Oakland Lodge of Elks. He
had always taken a great interest in the
order and was revered by the members
as a. friend and brother. The funeral
will take place Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock, the Elks taking entire charge of
the services.
Frank Ench was one of the builders
of the famous monitor constructed by
Jtthn Ericsson. Ench was a native of
Germany, but came to this country when
but nine months of age. He became a
skilled mechanic and was chosen by
Ericsson to help him build his vessel that
revolutionized the bulldinsr of war ves
sels. After the war between the States
- Cr.ch went to Mexico, where he engaged
v.n mining, and at the time of his death
tie owned the La Dura mines in the State
of Sonora. He married In Mexico, his
first wife dying after the birth of one
son. He married Miss Christ of San Ra
faej fourteen years ago and she survives
him with six children.
Frank Ench died last night at his East
Oakland home from heart disease. He had
not been well of late and last night went
to bed early. Shortly before midnight
Mrs. Ench tried to arouse her husband,
but found him in a stupor. His physi
cian was called but he died before morn
ing. Heart disease was the cause of
death.
In 1835 Mr. Girard was elected a mem
ber of the Board of Education from the
Second Ward and in 1S97 a Councilman
from the same ward. In 1S99 he was re
elected to the lattter office.
The operation -was performed this after
noon by the three doctors. The tube was
V«tt s " ccess *u»>\ but before the
clotted blood could be cleared from th*
throat and tube Mr. Girard died. Dr Gi
rard says that there is an apoplectic ten
dency in the Girard family, -which partly
explains the sudden death. fi«uy
Mr. Girard leaves a widow and two
children, a son and a daughter. He was
the president and practically the owner
of all the stock of the Girard Piano Com
pany. He was a native of Switzerland
ana came to California twenty years ago
entering the employ of Sherman, Clay &
Co. as a piano salesman. He has been
:n business for himself about twelve years
in Oakland.
OAKLAXD, Sept IS.— F. R. Girard
former Councilman and one of the well
known business men of Oakland died
here to-day. The death of Mr. Girard
followed an operation upon his throat
which was intended to relieve the con
gested condition of the lamyx.
Mr. Girard: returned on Monday from
Fresno, where he tad been selling some
plar.es. Going there he contracted a cold
from riding: In an open caboose, and his
throat was In an Inflamed condition when
J»? h ? m £' < t on e«tion set in 2nd
the glands of the throat beean to ew^ll
Threatening death by .uffS3£n. t0 D?.*!
P. Dunn was called and he called In br
?nTf?r r£ aT f ee ' the throat speclaltst!
u Dr. Girard, a son of Major Girard
th ? o^ ef f U rP On , ?* the Presidio, and a
relative oi the eick man Mr Glrard's
*£«»* bromine much worse. It vraj? de
cided to-day to perform the operation of
tracheotomy This consists of the inser-
Jon of a. silver tube into the throat to
f^Ji breathinsr. Without this opera
tion death Is- certain to result from euf
iccation.
Contracts Inflammation of the
Throat 'With Fatal
Result.
Passenger and Freight Trains
Meet at a Dangerous
Point.
Former Councilman P:
R. Girard of Oakland
Passes Away.
secretary of the Carpenters' Union wrote:
"No. we don't favor manual training in
schools, as It would give a boy - Ideas, and
we have too many ideas now." The secretary
of the Bricklayers' Union, said: "W« be
llevo that the present manner of producing
mechanics and foreign immigration is fully
equal to the demand." Another &ald:
"Americans are not wanted In the trades.
If educated they would not obey union orders
unless convinced of their wisdom, nor pay as
sessments without an accounting."
By excluding American apprentices 'from
the shops and excluding American boys who
learn trades in the trade schools, and claim
ing the right to inflict the death penalty upon
non-union workmen, foreign influence and
power have effectually deprived American
youth of Its lawful birthright. To the youth
of the land we must look for the preservation
of the spirit of Americanism But deprived
of their birthright we find thousands of Ameri
can boys confined as incorrigibles In the State
reform schools. Idleness has wrought Its evil
work upon them and they fester in the vices
of association, .while the ranks of their perse
cutors are recruited by an immigration that
lakes the places which they should fill.
All this Is done under the pretense that the
high wages of this country ace caused by the
efforts of the union leaders. This I deny. We
had the highest wages in the world when we
were colonies of Great Britain and have con
tinued to advance wages as the productivity
of labor has Increased by the use of labor
aiding machinery. Granting that wages have
been somewhat advanced by union organiza
tion, that advance has been more than dis
counted by the economic losses caused by the
industrial wars declared by the walking dc-le
gates and union leaders. One great establish-,
ment in San Krancisco practically closed *by
the strike of last May was paying $240,000 per
month in wages. The loss to Its workmen
alone now reaches a million of dollars. A
conservative estimate of the loss to Califor
nia by the existing strike is J20.000.000. As
this loss paralyzes trade, bankrupts men and
brings want everywhere, Its final effect i% to
injure labor by producing conditions . that
makes the demand for. It less.
Cannot Tolerate Two Governments.
The American people cannot tolerate j two
governments. The laboring man pays . his
share of taxes to his Government for its pro
tection of his lawful right to labor. But In
addition to this he must pay his initiation
lees and assessments to a union leader or he
is not allowed to earn his bread. It is a Eys
tem oi double taxation, and the tax paid to
the union is 'the price of his license to exer
cise a right which the Government guarantees
to him.
I by no means cry. out against foreign im
migration. If it come here to obey the laws
and be American In act and sentiment. It is
welcome and wholesome. But If It come
here to set up a Government within a Gov
ernment and base that upon the right to as
sassinate Americans who' are lawfully and
loyally following our Industrial occupations
necessary to community life, it is not enly
unwelcome, it is un-American, treasonable and
undeserving of the least toleration. We say
te it, "Take your hand off the American boy.
His person is sacred. He Is the fruit of our
rublic schools. He Is the hope of the repub
lic. He shall learn trades whether you like it
or not, and earn his bread in their practice
whether you license him or not. When you
sentence him to death fpr this, you are at
tempting to assassinate this republic, and' It
will crush you to powder.".
At the conclusion of Coloel Irish's ad
dress five-minute replies were given by
advocates of trades unionism. . M. B.
AVllkins propounded the question, "Why
Is it that if the country is so prosperous
as it is claimed there have been found
enough idle men to take the places of
25,000 strikers?"
Colonel Irish replied that the law of
supply and demand applied here. Strikers
had gone into the country to work and
forced country labor to come to the city.
There were really no idle men.
John Aubrey Jones pleaded for a more
general application of the doctrine of the
brotherhood of man.
"I l-elieve in the brotherhood of man."
said Colonel Irish, "but I- don't believe in
the brotherhood of fifteen or twenty men
that takes a workingman into a blind
alley and beats him into insensibility."
Herman Whlttaker said conditions* had
been improved by the labor unions and
denounced the trusts, to which the
speaker, replied that unions should have
the same legal restrictions as corpora
tions. .
MEN TO LEAD
PARTY FORCES
The report of the Labor Commissioner of
New York prints the answers of sixty-five
irad> unions showing their policy to be the
-exclusion from the trades of American boys.
The Plasterers' Union In Xew York com
pelled employers to sign an agreement that
no one should be permitted to learn the trade
for seven years. The secretary of the Fin
ish***' Union said: "If a boy become a. full
fledged mechanic in a technical -school he
would not know anything 'about unions." The
Exclusion of American Boys.
The Milwaukee labor riots of 18S6 were led
by two foreigners who had been less than eight
months In this country. The New York Labor
Commissioner reports that labor disturbances
are almost invariably led by foreigners. That
class In the New York Labor Convention of
1S88 demanded repeal of the State laws against
industrial conspiracy and of all laws against
the use of violence toward non-union men. The
Century Magazine, after a comprehensive In
quiry Into the policy of the labor union leaders.
f=aid that "the American boy has no rights
which organized labor Is bound to respect. He
is denied Instruction as an apprentice, and if
he be taught his trade in a trade school he
Is refused admission to nearly all the trade
unions, which are controlled by foreigners.
V.'hlle they reject the American boy they admit
all foreigners with but little regard to their
degree of skill."
These leaders, usually of foreign birth or
sentiments, have found It necessary to have
foreign material in the unions In order to con
trol them. In New Jersey 62 per cent of the
members of the unions are foreigners. In Illi
nois €S per cent are foreigners. In New York
a majority are foreigners. Mr. Furuseth, nead
of the San Francisco Water Front Federation,
has recently stated that 60 per cent of the
members of his union are foreigners, not citi
zens of the United States, and only 5 per cent
of them married.
It is pleaded by union leaders, walking dele
gates and business agents, most of them for
eigners or Americans only In the second gen
eration, that labor unions have been the potent
agency In advancing wages. Upon this premise
they base their right to license labor. I deny
this premise. The policy of these leaders is to
make themselves necessary by inciting strikes
and making demands.
Leaders Usually Foreigners.
Trade unionism is antl- American when it as
sumes powers that are denied to Government
and proposes that no man shall be permitted
to labor unless he have its license and permis
sion. The ultimate base of all government is
the power to force submission to its laws. The
assumed right of labor unions to license the
laborer being- the assumption of government
over him naturally rests upon force and is car
ried out by attacks upon the person of the un
licensed laborer who depends upon the laws
of his country to protect his right to work. In
its extreme the penalty put upon him by the
licensers of labor is death. In this code of
unionism capital punishment Is decreed against
any man who works without a union license.
We have all stood for weeks in the presence of
this assertion of power by union leaders, and
the statistics show In that period over 2000
attempts to visit capital punishment upon
American citizens for violation of the union
code. These events make it necessary to in
quire what rights they have under the laws
of their country and what means exist for their
enforcement.
Therefore it Is a mistake to assume that ob
jection to the illegal and Illegitimate use of
the power of such unions is opposition to the
lawful and praiseworthy purposes they may
subserve.
Th« American revolution was a movement to
create one Government In which personal and
property rights would have equal protection of
the law. Prom that time until now It has been
believed that the right of every man to follow
his lawful vocation was primary, that It was
established In our Institutions and that the law
would permit no hand to be raised against it
Our Institutions permit the Iree association of
citizens for lawful purpose common to the as
sociates, and this permission is properly used
by any number of men occupied in the same
calling to form a guild or union for the ad
vancement of their mutual interests. Labor
unions so formed to shorten hours of labor and
increase its wage are lawful and praiseworthy
and there Is no well-founded moral or legal
objection to their existence.
i ¦
OAKLAND, Sept 18.-Colonel John
P. Irish addressed a large audi
ence this evening at the ladles'
night of the Unitarian Club on
the subject of "Americanism vs.
Trades Unionism." The speaker's re
marks were frequently applauded. Colo
nel Irish said In part:
Mistake in Switching
Causes Wreck in
Massachusetts.
In Speech on "Americanism Versus Trades
Unionism' ' Distinguished Orator Says
Foreigners Are Fast Filling Labor Field
CRASHING CARS
END SIX LIVES
DEATH FOLLOWS
AN OPERATION
UNIONS KEEP DOWN AMERICAN
BOYS, SAYS COLONEL IRISH
EAST OAKLAND YOUNG LADY WEDS
A BUSINESS MAN OF PLEASANTON
JUDGE OBJECTS
TO USE OF DYE
Miss Garrie Pauline Hewlitt Becomes Wife
of George Gillott Jamieson at Pretty
Wedding at Home of the Bride's Mother
Scathingly Rebukes the
Plaintiff in a Suit for
Divorce.
Say3 Married Man Has No
Right to Change Color
of His Hair.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 18.
Because he dyed his mustache Judge
Hall decided this afternoon that Jon>i
Boehrer of Berkeley is /not entitled to a
divorce from his wife, Mary Jane Boehrer.
Judge Hall said he was convinced that
Boehrer had scandalized his family by his
determination to appear young again and
added that he did not think that any man
with a family had a right to change tha
natural color of his hair simply to make
himself, attractive to others.
The testimony of Boehrer*3 wife and two
sons, was to the effect that he had become
infatuated with a young woman who lived
in the neighborhood and the first thing
he did was to dye his mustache, which
was of a sandy color, to a deep black.
He received the woman at his house every
night in spite of the remonstrances of his
sons.
In his own behalf Boehrer denied that
he was or is interested in- the woman,
though he did not deny that he dyed his
mustache for the purpose of creating an
impression.
Judge Hall showed his deep interest in
the dyeing process by asking many ques
tions.
"I am convinced." said Judge Hall In
rendering his decision, "that this family
was greatly scandalized by the fact that
the head of it dyed his mustache and that
he was often seen in the company of the
young woman mentioned during his wife's
absence. It shows that he was carried
away with the idea of making himself
young again, which he had no moral right
to do. His sons testified that they had to
listen to ridicule on their father's account.
He is responsible for his own troubles."
Judge Hall denied the application of the
husband for divorce and ordered that he
pay his wife 540 monthly for the support
of their children.
WILL SITE FOR SHARE
OP A BASEBALL CLUB
Elmer Ellsworth Claims Equal Inter-
est With Manager Moriey in
the Los Angeles Team.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— Elmer Ells
worth of the Frawley company is prepar
ing to bring suit against James F. Moriey.
the baseball manager, for an accounting.
In his complaint Ellsworth will allege
that ho and Moriey entered into a verbal
contract sixteen months ago by the terms
of which they were to share and share
alike in such baseball ventures as Moriey.
as principal, might enter into.
Moriey denies that he so much as knew
that Ellsworth considered himself a part
ner until a week ago, when Ellsworth
called upon him and demanded an ac
counting. On the other hand. Ellsworth
declares that he has demanded fron. Mor
iey frequently, by letter and otherwise, a
settlement of their business affairs.
DOCTRINE OF. MONROE
WTLIi NOT BE A JOKE
Russian Paper Comments Pointedly
on the Prospective Foreign
Policy of America.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 18.— The Ros
slya to-day says:
"President Roosevelt fs a genulm
fanatic for imperialism and pan-Ameri
canism. He will retouch all President Mc-
Kinley's accomplishments in foreign pol
icy. With President Roosevelt will beglii
an era of pan-Americanism."
. After quoting an Inaccurate version oi'
President Roosevelt's last speech th<-
Rosalya declares the Germans will b»
taught that the Monroe doctrine is no
joke, and that the United States is su
preme throughout America.
Senator Kills a Phyiscian.
BATON ROUGE, La., Sept. 18.-Dr.
John W. McKown of Clinton, Iowa, wa:?
shot and killed to-day by State Senator
R. E. Thompson of East Feliciana parish.
Some time ago Thompson was arrested a:
the instance of McKown for the alleged
stealing 1 of the fencing b( ween Thomp
son's place and the plantation of Mrs.
Pipes, the sister^ of McKown, and this
caused a bitter enmity. The two men
met to-day in the public road. Thompson
asserts that McKown assaulted him and
that he shot McKown in self-defense.
Thompson surrendered.
Washington Town in Ashes.
EVERETT, Sept. 18.— Fire started in tho
Odd Fellows' Hall in Monroe, "Wash., and
destroyed most of the town. The loss Is
$28,000; insurance small. The principal
losers are: Independent Order of Odd Fel
low. 1 ;, $2000; J. E. Jolloff & Co., general
store and postofflce, 510.000; H. M. Tread
well, 51000; B. L. Monck. hardware store.
$6000: T. F. Welborn. furniture store, 51000;
Hotel Royal. 52000; "W. R. Persall, confec
tionery, $2000. It is believed the flre vai
of incendiary origin.
English Frigate Buns Ashore.
QUEBEC, Sent. 13.— Two English frig
ates, the Indefatigable and Psyche, left
for Montreal this morning, and when
about eight miles up the river the Inde
fatigable, which is a second-class cruiser
of 3000 tons, ran ashore. After four hour**
work she was hauled off and returned to
port in a leaking condition. She will be
Death. Suds Player's Suffering.
CHICAGO. Sept. 18.-Charles Bueckman
died to-day from injuries received Sunday
In a football game. The police are now
searching for the opponent ¦who played
•with Bueckman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
GEORGE GILLOTT JAMIDSON
OF PLEASANTON AND HIS
YOUNG BRIDE.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
A Constitutional Affection.
Sprays, washes, powders, salves; medicated !/^-'^/m\\|wWwv^^$w^
tobacco and cigarettes, however long and persistently l(. *^C l^slw^s^^/^^'
used, do' not cure Catarrh. They relieve temporarily v^^^^^vwvVnvwCm ?
the inflammation in the throat and nose, and enable \^^^^W|a^AV^wW) \
you to breathe more easily and freely, but the con- V^^#|iTOW^^^)V'J
tinual rush of impure blood to these parts keeps up j^|^^^ftw3^^^^^^^_
the irritation and ultimately produces ulceration of \\^J||i||iii)5^ jWisllEff^f
the glands, when the breath becomes exceedingly
offensive and the soft bones of the nose are frequently
destroyed. The catarrhal inflammation extends over vS^SJt^ 35 *^^**^^*— * c —-«*
the entire surface of the mucous membraneyor inner skin ; the stomach, kidney
and lungs are often involved ; the whole system soon becomes affected by the rapid
¦ absorption of poisonous matter into the blood, and the disease that you had hoped
to cure with simple local remedies, assumes a dangerous form.
I had Catarrh about 15 years, and I had. Catarrh so bad was entirely
tried during the tixno everything I could, deaf in one ear, and all the inside
hear of, but nothing 1 did me any good. of my nose and part of the bone
At last I came to the conclusion that sloughed off. The physicians gare
Catarrh must be a blood disease, and me up as incurable. I determined 1;o
decided to give S. S. S. a trial. I could try S. S. S., and began to improve at
see a little improvement from the firat once. ! It seemed to get at the seat of
bottle, and continued it three or four the disease, and after a faw -weeks'
months, or until I was cured. Have treatment I was entirely cured, and
not taken anything: for six years, and for more than seven years have h&d
am just as well as I ever -was.— 31. MAT- no sign of the disease.— MRS. JOS13-
BON, Iiapeer, I£ich. PHINE FOLEILL, Due 'West, S. C.
Catarrh, is a constitutional^ disease— -a blood disease which is frecmenlty
inherited, and only a blood medicine, such as S. S. S., can remove the hereditary
taint, destroy the poisons that have been accumulating in the system for years
perhaps, and restore the blood to a healthy and pure condition. The jmnamed
membranes and diseased glands are healed by the rich, pure blood which is carried
to them, and the offensive discharges from the nose, and the terrible headache aisd
neuralgic pains cease, j Chronic cases of the most desperate character and apparent-
ly hopeless, have been cured completely and permanently by the use of S. S. S. •
Write our physicians fully about your case and they will cheerfully assist you
by their advice%~ We charge nothing whatever for this service. Book, free on
application. ' THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, 6A.
¦:¦¦¦¦¦'¦..¦¦.¦¦ '.".¦¦¦.¦¦.>¦¦-¦¦;-..,:....;-,.-., - , . . .iTHE SA*T FRANCISCO CAM,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
12
_JHELP_WANTBD—^IAXE^Coik^^
A.— MURRAY* & ' KE A1>Y. . . . . .-Phone Mam.oSW
LeacunV JSiupioju^nt and Latx>r Agents..
; . . . . t>i-£;ciAL i< oxiuis ....... ••-•••¦
This ofnee win be open only a few hours
this morning. /V
ft t> MTTNr FREE FARE
g- SS™^ ££ ££
bo laborers. Ukian */ee lara
60 right of way and axmen *ree tare
s^^ Q -::.. s^^re^
Merced and otner Divisions .........
50 laborers to work on section, steel, ballast
and extra gangs, free fare •
....SEE BOSS HERE 10 A. M. Tp-p A *-y-
5 laborers, no experience . required, to work
around salt work*. Jsevada, *>7 aO, *ee bes*
here reduced rainoad rates and fare re-
f^ d !!!.:::::::-wbo-Ds"HkLp-:::::::.":::::»
founa? 5 d c?o k - e S y c?t en sawyer S he $o"J 0 a^d fo^ndTt
barkers, $50 and found; 5 men to work around
donkey engine, $65 and found......... •••••
10 laborers, no experience required, to work in
mills, yards and woods, $33 to **» and found..
MISCELLANEOUS --•;•
Wood turner, country planing mill. $3 to $J of)
day; 4 rough carpenters. $2 a day; 3 harness-
makers. $35 to $40; well borer; 2 marine nre-
5 miners* "sVs" 50 " laborers, no experience, for
th« mine's $60 and $7»; 10 laborers to work in
brush $37 50; 4 teamsteTfc, vineyard company,
$30 and found; 15 farm hands; 7 choremen;-
butter maker and milker, $35
FRUIT PICKERS ........ ..¦¦.•r
15 more men and strong boys to pick fruit,
work in packing house, etc.. $20 and foupd;
150 fruit and grape pickers, $30 and found....
..HOTEL" AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS,.
Cook and wife, country hotel, $60;. second
cook, country hotel, $50. see boss here; butcner
for the mines, $40; 3 butchers. $52 and $60; 9
cooks, different places; 8 ranch and camp
cooks. $30; baker's helper; kitchen help, etc
_MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
BOY wanted to answer telephone and take
notes. Call 13 Howard at., 10 a. m.
GOOD errand boy for printing offlce; fine
chance to learn trade. Box 278, Call offlce.
JEWELER and errand boy wanted. Apply to
DONOHUE & KERDELL, 134 Sutter st.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A few good strong boys obout 17
years of age to learn machinist's trade. Ap-
ply THE J. A. GRAY COMPANY. 213-213
Mission st. ' .' .
WANTED— Reliable man as foreman for manu-
facturing business; must be well recom-
mended and have security. Box 323, Call.
STRONG intelligent boys, 18 to 20 years old,
to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st
CABINET maker, first-class man. FINK &
SCHINDLER. 1309 Market St.
PLUMBER'S helper: also boy to learn; state
age, experience and wages. Box 470. Call.
WANTED- Boys over 17 years old to learn to
. run lathes, drill presses and milling machines.
Apply to UNION GAS ENGINE CO.. 2«
First St.. city.
A SNAP to suitable party— Barber shop, with
.fixtures complete; Richmond district. Inquire
. 538 Clementina st.
WANTED— Manager for a bazaar; experienced;
first-class references required. Address box
2313, Call offlce. Oakland. -
STEADY, willing boy, 16 years, to learn trade:
good opportunity. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 33
Market st.
WANTED— Genteel boy, about 14 years, for
photo studio. HAUSSLER. 1418 Market st.
YOUNG man, about 16 or 17 yeara,. for men's
furnishing store. Address box 279, Call offlce.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.. S. F.
WANTED— Bright young man. IS to 20 years of
age. Apply at HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to GGc. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
WANTED — Blacksmiths, horseshoers and
wheelwrights to go to Manila, P. I. Apply
Depot Quartermaster's Offlce, 3S New Mont-
gomery st. OSCAR F. LONG. Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army.
WANTED— Recruit3 for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
offlce, 40 Ellis at., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers., tunnel, brush
and travel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the fiweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.j apply on
work; steady work, good board and besc
waged in Plate, $an Francisco Construction
Co,, g« Montgomery st,, room 15, San Fran*
Cisco, Cal, -, -
MEN tfl leprn barber tr«fiaj only requires eight
weeks] positions secured &t $«4 monthly}
t|,»«lai Jnrtupements »Iit=* mantft: write »i
fince for free fatalngue, JUOLgh DAJtBBft
WANTRO=f«»hf»r«F» »nrt mechanics ta know
that Brt Relkin, Hen9 Home ffeefietnf, §til|
runs Denver h§usb, ut Thffrt ef.i IM larga
foeffisj g§e p?f nights jl to ti per weqk,
pHWfON my,, B. A, fjuliis, r M, Philatl
bl g i _Pa»Lgg.giJJ*g'JL 1 ' A - **»_
XlL siaes man's sha*s, slUhUy damaged, half
Mc-tJO-NALt) ft P"KMitY~hrtve 6on t»fllfs i-MHd*
tiftfltl »tiqea_fftt^salPi jifr? tit*. 2H Ttilfd st,
YOUNG" tnati to do Iflnltdf Work fof tuition In
6an FraNcisco flafber School, 741A Howard al,
WANTfit>^-5O0 men to buy new and 2.1-hand
army shoes, Si up; soling ZOc up, 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar*
I ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
, Experienced Piledrlver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work In this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various jobs along the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new 'Jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN.,
4 California st.. room 15.
•i — : =i
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hoiir. board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 614 Bat-
tery »t.
WAN'TED — Strevedores. seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cookn and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
i where employes are boarded and lo-lged on
s steamer lying alongside: men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
i time will be Riven preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
. Broadway wharf. San F-ranclsco.
i : - •
100 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
i portatlon night and morning provided.
! TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. "203
Front Bt.
I ¦ .- " " ' *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
" Valencia st. ¦
, _ HOSriTALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
', Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LIST.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
; - cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let — Residence, 104 Guerrero St.. near 13th;
10 rooms: sunny; high ground; garden; sam-
; tary plumbinsr; 3 • lines of cars: rent cheap
to sermanent tenant.
r HOUSE -to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
St., near Ellis. •
• STEINER, 218, cor. Halght— Nice sunny house,
S rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
10-ROOM corner residence; fine order; top man-
'. - tels; porcln. bath. 1363 Webster, cor. O'Farrell.
. CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in ' the
,' United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ;_,v >. _'-_¦
HELP^WANTEDj~FJ^I^A^-^on.
WANTED— Young girl about 16 years to assist •
, with housework; 2 in family. Apply Friday,
between 10 and 12 o'clock, 826 Clayton st. f be-
tween Frederick and Carl.
GIRL for general housework; German or
Scandinavian preferred. Call at 2835 Wash-
ington St., between Scott and Devisadero,
. from 10 to 2 . o'clock.
WANTED— Infant's nurse; neat, middle-aged
woman; must be experienced and have unex-
ceptional references. Apply Hotel St. Nicho-
las office. : • ¦ - .-
WANTED— Saleslady for dry goods store; a
resident of the Mission preferred. O'DWYER
CO., Inc.. 3027-3029 Sixteenth St.
A DOCTRESS wishes a lady assistant; good
home, fair pay for right party. Leave age
. at box 4S4, Call. ; ' : '
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk and
wool waists: good pay; steady work. S. F.
MFG. CO., 523 Market St.
GIRL to learn to feed printing presses; state
age. Address box 452, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1434
Golden Hate ave.
GIRL to do plain cooking 1 and washing; Rich-
mond district; salary $20. Box 4S3. Call.
"WANTED — Girl for" light housework in small
private family. Apply 710 Castro st.
YOUNG $rirl to take care of two children:
good home. 1938 Bush St.
HELPERS on custom coat?. Apply factory
S. N. WOOD #CO.. 27 Gearyst.
GIRL for general housework; two in family;
laundress employed. .2416 Webster St.
WANTED— Girls to learn waiting at table. For
particulars Inquire at 725 Market st.
NEAT girl |for second work; references re-
quired. Call 9 a. m., 1724 Bush st.
NEAT willing woman for light housework; $10
per month. 631%B Stevenson st.
PROBATIONERS— Strong, healthy ladles, aged
20 to 30, to become trained nurses. Apply
mornings at St. Elmo Hospital, 230 Douglas
St., near Eighteenth. :
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for general
housework; good wages. Ocean Beach, next
t door to the shooting gallery. -^
WANTED— Girl who understands metal burn-
ishing; must have her own set of tools. Ap-
ply box 461, Call.
GIRL 15 years old to help In housework and
care of children. Call 1508 Franklin St.. from
9 to 11. '
GIRL to . assist in light housework. Apply
u47A Castro St.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaker. 831
Valiejo st.
FIVE experienced driving glove makers and
apprentices. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market.
WANTED— Reliable woman, past 25, for re-
sponsible position; permanent. Box 46S, Call.
PANTS finishers wanted. 227 Fifth st.
GOOD finishers and apprentice on^pants wanted
at 925 Market st.. room 16.
WANTED — Helpers and apprentices for dress-
making; paid while learning. 1022 Washing-
ton st. ' "
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants, 25c pair; also
finisher. 211% Tehama St., upstairs.
WANTED— Refined young girl as apprentice in
photo" studio. HAUSSLER, 1418 Market Bt.
GIRL to attend to shooting-gallery; $5 week
and board. Call 523 Pacific st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook; boarding-house.
2130 Oxford st., Berkeley; apply mornings.
A-l FINISHERS wanted on cloaks. M. SIM-
INOFF, 1228 Market st.
GOOD helpers on waists and skirts; also an
. apprentice. 610 Ellis st.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss A
Co." a factory, 32Va Fremont st. ; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and. neg-
ligee I'hlrts, also a few bright girls about 19
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing, Standard Shirt Factory, cor, Uough an!
Grove ets,
WANTED-^Flrst^class notion saleswoman!
one who is competent to take charge of a
stock; state age, experience and salary ex-
. ptfcleii. Address box 400, Call office,
Wa I n P » 8(33 IN"a7^yeTng,~ blea"cH]neji"m»M'agi^
manicuring taught In J weeks for iai employ,
went guaranteed, Call?g«, MS m.ifiktnn, r. 15.
BXPSR1BNC&8 v llrll wanted] boeWln4»fyT
63<j (jlay >t,
WANTSB—WomiB tor Hih( wofTTefPfTyTtT
nut Ffllgftm H.
GhA W\Y\iil) advertisements and HiibgorlpTlufl!
t tfcgftvgil at Call t)F8f)eh effl§8, gg&Q mumme tt,
A IfitANOii efflee tor l?all advuriiseiHgms «f»J
fcUket'll|illriliS ImS lie ft/ (?§tabtigh@S at iUVti
Val§ffgia it.
yilHAJMJBT ami best In Am>Heft=?he Weekly
Cfltl, ic> t<ae@», f§nt ffi any tiririfetig tfl tin
tfnltert Ktatna flf t'n'tarl't tin? yeaf tar ti,
ttpLV WAXTHU— ¦MAtiH.
AT C It, HANgtfN A C67B 104 deafy st,
ttAlLftOAt) WottK RAILROAD WOttK,
FREE FARE.. ,.,,<•...,.- ,,..FftEE FARE
..,,,,,,,, FOIt TRUCKED, i. ,,.,.,,. 4, ....
to masons' helpers and laborers Jl 75-|2 ;
FOR NEVADA, ..,......,.,.,.,.
100 teamsters and laborers ................ ,.$2
FOR SANTA KB SYSTEM
20 laborers, section work $1 75
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
Engineer and electrician for railroad tunnel
( plant, ?50 and found; free fare.
6 blacksmiths, country, $2 60 to $3 a day; 10
laborers for salt work3, Nevada, $2 25 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $60; sec-
ond cooks, fryers and broilers, $50 to $60;
waiter, $25; vegetable man, $25; dishwasher,
$25, for an institution, 'country.
Porter, country hotel, $30; 2 neat bell boys,
country, ?20. . " . ¦-
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A KITCHEN steward, country hotel, $50; head
waiter, country hotel, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton St.— Closed to-
day. Wanted, Friday morning, gardener and
. milk 2 cows, $25; stableman and milker, coun-
try, $30; choreman. cheese factory, $25;
French couule. country, $40, etc.
A— PANTRY boy, $20; arm waiter, $20, city;
second cook, $50. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— 10,000 active agents 'immediately to
take orders for "Life of William McKinley";
memorial edition; graphic record of his ¦whole
illustrious career; elaborately illustrated;
sells at sight; best terms to agents; books
on credit; sample, enabling you to make from
$3 to $12 dally, by mall postpaid; free on ap-
plication. Address Globe Bible Publishing
Co.. 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
"WANTED— Salesman, Christian gentleman,' to
sell enalheled iron and steel signs; must be
an active, experienced and successful sales-
man and one that can draw designs; wages
$75 per month; references. Box 285, Call.
WANTED-Strong boy for . assistant . stock
clerk. Give references and wages expected.
Applications must be written and addressed
' to Box 453, Call offlce.
WANTED— Man for seneral j work, care for
horse and> cow, country; good man; steady
wcrk all year. 10 to 12 Friday. W. E. LUTZ,
205 Sansome st.
WANTED— Young man 16 to 17' years of age,
.for wholesale dairy produce house; quick at
figures; must : speak German. Address M,
Call offlce. • .¦ •
WANTED — Bakers and confectioners; good
pay; permanent positions; no fee. Apply
Friday, 127 Mason st.
TAILORS— Good coatmakers wanted for the
country. ¦ Apply - to STEIN, SIMON & CO..
corner Second and .Market Bts.
UPHOLSTERER— One who can hang curtains
and do general custom work. A. BRUHNKE,
1713 Polk st. ,
GOOD driver for mineral water wagon: must
have' reference and security. Box 294, Call."
; FIRST-CLASS man . to sell stock of a manu-
facturing company. ION Van Ness ave.
j BRIGHT offlce boy, 15 or 16 years; references
required. 16 Fremont. St., top floor. |
1 ONE feeder and . one experienced make-ready
J . on job presses. ,16 Fremont st. .
WANTED — Cash boys 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
, WANTED— First-class all-around job printer;
.* none other need apply. At 933 Market st.
: BOY to assist In office, with good education;
; . experience preferred. Box 348, Call office.
» WANTED-^-Wood-turner. Apply at 221 Perry
street. / . - - - .
; WANTED— Tin roofer at CHAS. MEEHAN'S,
'• 642 Sacramento st., near Kearny."
'. WANTED— A boy about 16 years of age for
¦ wholesale house. Address box 454. Call offlce.
I B ASTERS on . custom coats. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
I "WANTED— Dishwasher at 1505 Kentucky st.,-
J Potrero. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED English lady desires position as
' companion to lady or care of children; musi-
cal, , sewer, . reader aloud and can speak | Ger-
man. 1823 Devlsadero Bt. , " . ¦
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes position
' as working housekeeper; city preferred. Ad-
dress 203 Bartlett St., near. 23d, in rear.
GOOD dressmaker wants to go out by the day;
alsoltake sewing home. Please call at 3002
California st. - ¦ ¦ -
HIGH School graduate with a good knowledge
of German would like situation as nursegirl
for 1 or 2 children. Address box 459. CalL
YOUNG lady desires position as entry, clerk In
office; accurate . and a good . penman. Box
418. Cay offlce. .. .
AN expert lady stenographer desires situation;
city references. Box 437. Call offlce. :
GOOD home in refined family for girl of 11
where she can help before and after school.
Box 427, Call office. j
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25e to $1 60 per night: ?l 50 to
?6 week; convenient and respectable; tree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore »t. '
. BRANCH olfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦Valencia st. ¦ *.v ¦¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS gardener in all branches, best
of references, desires position in city or coun-
try. Address box 482. Call offlce. ., *
RESPECTABLE colored man, lately from Aus-
tralia, wishes a situation aa janitor or porter.
JAS. HEADLEY, 127 Second St., city.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long ex-
perience In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 450, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as porter in whole-
sale house; can give references for honesty,
- sobriety and industry. ¦ Box 451, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; small
wages if good place. H. WARREN. 115%
Second st.
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; understands the care of horses; good
driver; can milk and attend to -garden; good
references. Box 455, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as day cr night clerk In
hotel or rooming house; city or country; well
acquainted among, the traveling fraternity;
first-class references and security. Box 111,
Call offlce.
COACHMAN, competent, sober and reliable,
wants situation in the country: can do plain
gardening, milk and is generally useful; ref-
erences. Address M. C, 415 Powell st.
CARPENTER wishes work. 409 Turk St.,
room 17. ¦
YOUNG man 23 years of age, speaking English,
Spanish.- and French, wishes position in busi-
ness house; good references. Address box
479. Call offlce. .
YOUNG married man from ! country wants
work; handy; security given. Address box
' S88. Call offlce.
BLACKSMITH wants work on mine; 10 years'
experience: good hand about steel.' Address
N. P. WINTER, 1020 Howard st. •
COOK— A middle-aged man who is a plain cook
would like to get a place to do plain cooking;
moderate wages. Address Cook, 543 Howard.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 3767. Call offlce.
VERY reliable Scandinavian ' wishes work;
city or country; is handy with tools, a 'good
porter, handy at anything. . L. OLSEN. 631
Sacramento st. -__^
CARPENTER— Good repair hand, middle-aged,
single, of steady habits, desires work at
moderate wages on country work, ranch re-
pairs or similar employment. Box 4S0, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wants a situation;
flrst-class city reference. Box 444. Call orflce.
STRONG young man wishes position to work
and learn trade; bond and references If
necessary; wages no object. Box 445, Call.
A COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position
on a private place; thoroughly understands
the care of horses; a careful driver; milk
rows; care garden; good reference, Address
F. D-, 1619 Howard st,
SITUATION wanted In grocery or meat mar*
ket! experienced young man, 25, with refer»
eneee, Box 43ff, Call office,
pRUMMETt solicits position bis local or travel'
ing salesman; commlsalpn or eatery, Box M,
call offlpe, f
MlPPf^rXflKn i a'ermsn wsntplo eefn~p\ieo
In a wine cellar op llfjHor Bteraj has fa vann*'
p*perience, Addr??!* II. J, 8,, Ht, Oeorge
Hotel, HI3 Kearny Stj
¥ fHWJ"' man, HiVaMs f^rniflR »f»4 English
fluently, Ue» ef feemiimemiailons end Fefep»
eneeg, deg|fp§ pesltionj e§untFy pref§FF§rt.
MAliW treineiJ flin ;^, *riesk§ GafmaH ani
tfiiBlfehi late u\ 8. mMlesI setvie#, d(?§lFe§
(ifiiUoii ef any kinds liest si r§fiF§ne§B. Dex
hi, call,
OhAgHiJi'iKL) ailvertis&ftienis and sttti«efl|tllefis
me! vert at Cb 1 1 Jny_q q^h jp/fle^ 3»<^jllffli<_ e fit.
A MltANGll Office lot Call adveMlfeemeiiUl and
Fti»jfi-ri|ititins has been established at vm
Valencia H.
FfiATlltirt pillows A mnttresssn steamed, retto*
vatea. H.J.O'nourk-.taM Valencia jtel, Capp 2fi«
PACIFIC Const Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. .
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought: also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey. 1008 Call bid.
FLATS~TO~LET^ ~~
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts. —
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A— TWO brand new, 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
418 Hermann st.. near Webster.
A-NEW sunny 4 rooms; porcelain bath. 1419 A
Green st., near Van Ners ave.
A— NEW sunny middle flat; reduced rent; 8
rooms; bath. 2414 Van Ness ave., nr. Union.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1416 Devlsa-
dero St., near Geary. '
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
CHEAPEST and bes^ In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
r postage, paid.
« FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
MODERN, sunny upper flat; furnished; 4
rooms and bath. 830 Noe st.. near Castro.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE. L. KELLER, 12S-130 Hayes, nr.V. Neas—
Stylish effects: High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1 — Solid oak chair: factory price.
|2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, J48 50, with No. 7
ranae. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 14G2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. : phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. • P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., , bought. -
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1491; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, planes, etc. CHA3. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for gecond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. >
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. -Ill Grant ave.
HELP WASTED- — KE9IALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ...Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head -waitress, 530; 3 "waitresses. Salt Lake
City, fare paid, $20; 2 waitresses, flrst-claas
country hotel," $20, fare here; waitress,, com-
mercial hotel, Nevada, $25, fares paid; 14
waitresses, first-class city and country com-
mercial hotels, $20 and $25; 2 laundresses, $20
. and J25. ' • - .. . .
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, houia girls, second girls, best wages;
working housekeeper, 2 men, * $15; second girl,
?25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.'
MISS MORGAN'S. S23. Sutter St.— Cook. $30;
cook, Alameda, $30; house girl, Oakland, $25;
girl, Alameda, $25; house girl. Menlo Bark,
T25; 2 »arlor maids and waitresses,' $25; 10
house girls, city, $25; house girl, San Ra-
fael, $25; 4 2d girls, city & Oak., $25 and $20;
2 nurse girls. $15 to $20; 12 young girls. $20.
COOK, German or Swedish, for American fam-
ily. $10; German cook; Jewish family. 1st Oc-
tober, $45. MRS. LAMBERT. 413 Powell st.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various posl-
tions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
OPERATORS on skirts. , MEYER BROS.,- 404
Market st. . — ''" ,
SAN FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets: open
untii 12 o'clock every nlsrht Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CI3 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin 6treet; open until 9:S0 P. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 P. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until Sji.ni.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C36 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. nu
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreetf; open until 9 p. m.
303 Fillmore etreet: open until 3 p.jn^
cuun CH s ERyiggg:
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason Bts.— A special memorial service, in
honor of , the late President, will be held
Thursdav at 11 a. m.; special music by the
choir; an address by Hon. Van R. Paterson.
The pastor. Kev. Oeorge C. Adams, U.V..
will have charge of the service. All are ln-
vlted. ¦
KT.* STEPHEN'S Church, Fultoa St., near
Webster— Divine service In St. Stephen s Hail
at 11 a. m. Thursday. In memoriam. -
MEMORIAL service— The Congregation Temple
Emanu-El will hold a memorial service on
THURSDAY, Sept. 19, at 2 p. m., in order
to pay a fitting tribute to our beloved and
Luth St. Paul's Church, corner Eddy and
Gouch sts. Rev. J. H. Schroeder will de-
llver the sermon. __
MEETING JVOTICES. __^
CALIFORNIA Consmandery No. 1. K. ,*_
T S Poet st.— Officers and 61r Knlshta TjSjp
are hereby notified to assemble in the fpjg
asylum THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- «*>
ING. at 7 o'clock sharp, for the pur-
pose of attendine MEMORIAL SERVICE at
Odd Fellows' Hall. Sir Knights who may
have failed to receive admission tickets for
the members of their families through the
mail can procure same from the recorder,
S16 Market et. By order of the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery y a
No. 16, K. T., 629 Satter st.. city— ijrji
Members are requested to assemble at MJBJ
tie atylum THIS EVENING at 7:30 Np
o'clock for the purpose of attending the me-
morial services in honor of our late Presi-
dent Sir Knight WILLIAM McKINLEY. A
full attendance of Sir Knights and their fami-
lies is earnestly requested. Full Templar
uniform except swords. Visiting Sir Knights
and their families cordially welcomed.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder. ¦
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. o
ii... wiil meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^i
EVENING. Sept. 19, at 7:30 o'clock. ISz?
Th'id decree. 13y order of the Master, r^gr \
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St.. will meet on FRIDAY. _f\_
Sept. 20. at 1:30 p. m.. to attend the 5&>S
f uuerai of our late Senior Past Master. • !
THOMAS ANDERSON. All members. Ma-
sonic Veterans and Master Masons are In-
vited. GEORGE PENL1NGTON. Sec
IN consequence of this {Thursday) being »
a flay of national mourning for our _a\_
lamented brother. President WIL- itXf
L1AM McKINLEY, South Kan Fran- / V
cieco Lodge No. 212, F. and A. iL. will have
no meetinc THIS EVENING. By order of
SAMUEL HANSEN. Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— •
Officers and members are hereby notl- _#\_
fied that owing to the death of Brother >S! >f
President WILLIAM McKINLEY /Va
tbvre will be no meeting THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING, but a special meeting will
be held SATURDAY EVE.. Sept. 2L at 7
o'clock. Third decree.
LtoVIS A. LARSEN. W. Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary. '
OCCIDENTAL I^ofige No. 179. I. O. <ge** ii -
O. F\— Important business THIS e§5*sSag.
(THURSDAY) KVE. Members
are requested to attend. ///i'>
F. R. WEBB. N. O.
E. S. W1SWELL, R. S.
SiEIiHJERS of the St. Andrew 1 * Bo- A <y >.
ciety are requested to attend the IJV 4 £h J/J
funeral of our deceased member
and es-fcreEifient. lilt. THOMAS
ANDERfcON, on FRIDAY, Beutember 20, at
2 p. i!.., at O'nai U'rith Hall, 121 Eddy tt.
ALLAN POLLOK. President,
GEORGE 6T, J. CREMNEH, geeretary,
THE officers sml members of the Draymen and
Teatnfltns' Union are r<-quetu;,J to attend
it.e iuneial of. our iais brother, WILLIAM
(el/T^LlVAN- WIJI form et ii. B, Hall »t
k;iu o'elork THJH MGHMtfQ, The fine of Jl
Will be prpssei on members pot atundlne'r
> p. w, kbatinq. President.
t'NJOX Let«jr Fany Camtniim win convene
tf II, H, HbII. ill K44y st,, on fJUPAY
J^jlliAAtWV,, Chairman, _
to run NATivj; w tsiTf i¥~rnB holubs
TlifHSPAy, «fee »ih at ieet#fnb#r, lias
1 >¦ ¦• g#t ..J...M fli ft iinjr i.f inerurtiifif «v#r
tl)« i.)t...-ni.,i iir.-itD of wr great and gdod
the j«"pple vt th# city of gan Ffanelsee
have htiflfigeii tut Bi't'ioiitlflte HiefiWflal ob=
ecrV6hcti« to be li«id at ileAahlca' Pavilion
tn that <l«j-,
Tlie ttiPttitieM ot 111* ordef In tn§ ell* bt
Fan rraticieco are requested tu Attend these
1 rueeeft to the rafiors throughout ths
Btftn that at some appointed time appro*
¦ priate exercises be held by each, Kivlng ex-
vaiiing in our country.
_^ FRANK L. COOMBS. Grand President.
THH California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proce?it from A. E. Jones In the Hamton
placer mine, near Johnsvllle, Plumag County,
to deposit tailings in Nelson Creek; from
Ellen C. Sargent et al.. in the. Quaker Hill
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City. Nevada County, to deposit taillnes on
a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Mining, Water and Power Company, In the
Round Butte placer mine, near Sheep Ranch,
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In O'Nell
Creek, jrives notice that a meetinc will be
held at room 59. Flood buildinc, San Fran-
clf=co. Cal.. on September 30. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTION.
GIRL end hoy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUN'KK. mfi Eighth et. Alameda.
AGKXTS WA.VTED.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McXinley; five hun-
dred pase iaree book; handsomely Illustrated;
outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent discount to
agents; freight paid; credit Riven. HENRY
XEIL, 223 Dearborn et., Chlcaeo.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt-
afc'.e and easier to sell than books or insur-
unre? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASrHAt'l'L'M HOOKING. ~
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pa!red: postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTOR.VEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
v.ills, deeds. etc % , prepared; charge low; estb
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, S50 Market ft.
ADVICE free ;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
Jeciions;attachments; mortgages ;bills of sale;
rartner«!M5J5;clee<Js; wills drawn ;fees low;open
f\(9. THURSTON. IOOS14 Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if euc-
ceFFful. EDW. R. EHIKRAN. 927 Market Et.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W,
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market ft., opp. Mason.
/ L. R. CLARK. Emma Sprwikels bid?.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.: consultation free; no fees in advance,
COOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS or even.- kind bought. TeL Red 2956
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-70C-70S Mlsgion St.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
AEK to eee Lund beck's improved drawei
trtjnk: «t all dealers or factory- 826 Howard
BUSINESS CHAXCKS. ~~
•
PARTNER wanted In a restaurant; $150. Me
BRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market 6t.
CHOP house, tl2i McBRIDE & CO., 101i
Market Et
A DELICACY and lunch room, ?2S0. McBRIDI
& CO.. 1016 Market st.
GROCERY and bar, $600. McBRIDE & CO.
1016 Market Bt •
»260— PARTNER wanted; great chance In t
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
$450— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down
town; enap. RETSLQFF. 906 Market et. r. 12
$500— LAUNDRY route; erood horse and wag-on
full investigation. Apply 1 p. m.. 3372 Mission
MAN and wife, business people, who commam
J1000, can find unusual opening in Arkansas
For interview address box 467, Call offlce.
DAIRY route. 21 cows, complete. In operation
FRED nOHRER, P. O. box, Trestle Glen
East Oakland.
FOR sale at Invoice price— Grocery and llquo
tt.ore: pood cash business: In fine location
low rent; must sell on account of sickness
Address box 464, Call offlce; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: 13 rooms: 16 beds
• always full: every convenience; must sell
111 health. MISS M. HEATH. Belvedere. Cal
A— CIGAR stand: fine location; rent only $15
monthly sales $450; owner getting old; will eel
cheap. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott building
¦-- ¦ ¦ -
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
A— $660: SALOON: .central location; well
stocked with liquors. RETSLOFF, 906 Mar-
ket e t. , room 12, corner Ellis.
$5000 WILL establish a permanent business In
Alaska, paying annually from $5000 to $20,000
clear Droflt; no risk. Call or address M. C
THOMPSON'. United States Hotel, city.
A BUSINESS chance of a lifetime; hotel mak-
ing money for a Email money investment.
Cull 20 Montgomery st. '
J75— PARTNER wanted In real estate office.
GEO. NEWTON & CO.. 759 Market St.
FOR SALE-Sacriflce, account illness, good es-
tablished country hotel. Owner. Box 366. Call.
FOR sale cheap— Butcher shop; a splendid op-
portunity; established 14 years; good loca-
tlon. Box 4876. Call office J T
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing business;
good chance for active man; will yield to
each about $»0 a month;, duties light and
easily acquired; capital required, $500. DON-
KELLY & CO.. 632 Market at. /
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest in
established blackslmth business: price in each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress bos 2S3, Call office.
WANTED — Good saloon and lunch house; no
agents Address box 417. Call. office. '
RESTAURANT 6n Market st., near city front;
r cheap rent; at sacrifice on., account of goin^
north. For particulars call 550 Mission st.
SALOON for sale cheap; must be sold this
week: good locat^jn; cheap rent. Inquire
1206 Market St., vooms 9-10.
WANTED— A paying: barber shop for caah;
no other need answer. Box 432, Call office.
ALL unused stamped bank "checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R, Garvey, 100S Call bid.
GEO. NEWTON. 769 Market st— Large lists of
lodging houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches,
business chances: all kinds for sale or ex.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$275— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $500; must
sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st
A— 54-ROOM CORNER SUNNY HOUSE/ •
NEW FURNITURE AND NEW HOUSE.
40 rooms, furnished: good location; owner •
sick; reduced from $3500 to $1700
10- room house; tine location 425
14-room house; good transient 600
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms: clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; tine corner 300
S6 rooms; on Market st 19C0
10 rooms: north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; Hat near City Hall 425
,15 rooms; fine corner; clears $S0 6C0
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 425
4S rooms; hotel, and bar 1300 i
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
IS rooms; corner; just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; S600 cash, balance payments...: 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
22 rooms; sacriilce; clears $150 $850
7-room flat; a bargain 650
14 rooms: choice location 900
6-room flat; new furniture 275
15 rooms; full of steady roomere 850
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
17 rooms, $700; .12 rooms 500
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
EO rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
1C0 rooms; grand corner: clears $400 6000
28 rooms; on Mission 200
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A- CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market St., and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r.; corner; downtown; sunny $3500
45 r. : rent $165; good fur., carp.; traps.. 1500
Notice — 15 r. ; r^nt $S0; NE. cor.; 5 years'
lease; new house; elegant furniture.... 1800
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 P- C
22 r. ; rent S1C0; mahogany and oak fur. 1500
17 r. ; rent $50; 6th et. ; good house 850
S r. ; rent- $40; oak furniture 425
Over 600 houses listed. Call before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent f35; must be sold $.400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 roome; nicely f urn. ; good home 275
10 rooms; good fur,, carpets: Bush st..., S00
45 rooms; tine sunny corner! central.,.,. 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap., 2500
JCO r. ; fine location; good money maker,. C0O0
$6000— S7 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all
J650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain,
isco— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent t?5,
IHOO^JT rooms; money maker; rent {55,
f£50*HI rootr.s; now being furnished,
t?£C0^70 rooms; Kliit; wire opportunity,
\Ve loan money on an« r proposition, POfJALD
INVESTMENT CO,, ISO Market Et,
MARION onil'FIN,"7lfM»irl(eCVmp7TTn(iT J
J have 4 eeleenien! long list: meney te lean,
H fyofflej rent |ji)| near Marten et,. .,.,,. |2uo
)» rtmms; fent Ml', Inenms 175,,,, ,,,,,,,, s<x)
J7 ipnms; reni |5u; clears IfS a mafUh..,. 750
11 foomsi rent I4«; inflame uifl ,,,,,,...., 8fi«
ill fflfimPi pent Ms; pleafe fii.i meiuh...... l»n)
M raom*}! r?nt tn"; fne«m# *?ny.-. .......... i& fl 9
43 rantits; refit *1Z»s clears IIEfl u fflflnth... JW
M founts; liflp loftier apartment lunige.... ifSM
to» rn'ims*! will wi'UftHBe for ft farm...... 4ftflrt
»5 fooitinj a )if»»wliH'Ht eerflgf.. ............ £gfr}
WINSTON A WOLF,
3f2« Market ct,i teieiihene Jessie S2ii<
\% toolnei nicely fufhfiOied; Miap.........ifl1?5
S» ronftisj liajs *Vf]I: gnoii location.... ....11400
SZ t-ootnss ).pst transput iti the eity.,,.,,$?2io
i* roohis; all on one iltiofj bat-tain.. ....<< i»oo
12 room*! neatitirul yard; grand", ....m... .$1500
I mortgaged houses; must be cold.
FlflHEH & CO., 633 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r,.,. .1140.1 22 r. $800 lfl f,,/,,.»S00
£0 r.,.., 11J3 20 r.<.... 800 14 r...... 450
18 r 1000 13 r COO 12 r.....i 401
15 r 700 Ir 8M 10 r...... 400
8r 550 6r 225 7 r...... 225
McBRIDE & CO.,sl016 Market St., opp. Fifth.
20-room house, $250; 8-room house, $125; 10-
room house. $150; 10-room house on Eddy st.,
$650; 11-room house. $650; 20-room housu, $1500;
21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
suit the buj-er. -
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St.. near Fifth.
A BARGAIN seldom offered; 27 rooms, $1500;
invoice $2S0O: low rent; fine Income; call to-
day. T. J. MAY. 63S Market, st.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seance?;
Sun., Tues.. Fri., S p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. '2275 Larkin.
DEVELOP your mediumlstic gifts; ladles given
proof before beginning; guaranteed full names
90 days. 721 Post. nr. Leavenworth. Franklin
on door.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. 1023 Market St.
BUOCKWAT'S, 25c; seances this week, Tuea.,
Wed. and Friday. 8:15 p. m. : full names to
every one: readings daily. 29a Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBAUD, 109 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m.: Wednesday ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
MEMORIAL services by Mrs. Seal, spirit mes-
pagps by Mme. Young to-night. 605 McAllis-
ter et.; 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance 1n honor
of our late President, 8 p. m., 50c. 10S4 Bush.
EARLE. independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
,Polk 1601; eeance Tues. and Thurs., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S33 McAllister— Mra. C. J.
.Meyer: sittings daily: test to al". to-night, 10c.
MRS. LESTER'S ppiritual test meeting 8 p. m.,
10c; readings" daily. 148 Sixth Et.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. ppirltual test meeting, t
p. m., 10c. 305 Ijarkin. cor. McAllister.
.CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.~M BERNARD.
; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the paEt, reveals the present hap-
perilnge and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If . you ere In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have. domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
2uc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc?
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et,, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: tend stamp for . pamphlet
¦. with epeclal terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦
IF you wish to know your future success oi
fate go to the reliable clairvoyant, who pre-
dicted Mrs. McKlnley's recovery, the Presi-
dent's assassination and his chair belnjr va-
cant September 13. MRS. C. MALORY. 91'
Howard st.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSTCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk 6t.; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptiar
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; oper
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
'MISS ZEMDAR. young* gifted clalr. and palm,
she has second sight ; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. EOc, G. ?1. 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader
German epeken: 25c up. 777'4Mar!:etEt..roomlfi,
CLAIR VO YAXTS — Conf Inwrfl.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight ;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50.- 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, oil
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m..
FREE, ladies, morning, September; free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely free.. 72 j Post; open 10 to 6. .Franklin.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN.' clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 1007»fe Market St., near Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1S46.
M. WILLE crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a: m. to 8 p. m., 50c. 326 A Ellis.
MRS. Dr. Valeen, 1583 Market St., nr. 12th;
clairvoyant, palmist, bus. medium; advice.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, cardreader; ladies
25o, gents ZOc; readings daily. 132 Sixth st-
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;paimistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
G^O^GE r w7^EL^Y^F^gency^No chargTun-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A NICE cottage, 7 rooms and bath; 614 Hamp-
shire St.; rent reasonable. Apply 1106 Harri-
son st ; •' '
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 107 Collins St., near Geary. '
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. J53-357 Tehama St.; tel South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating 'Works— Cleaning,
3c ;renovated ;relald. 105 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 8c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, I5im Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
lei. Main S34. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKL^N'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Jtfgr.. SS-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
'J." E MITCHELL Carpet-beating ftnd Rcno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF-Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St., room 307.
. deStists.
A^DlC tT^. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
lcr painless dentistry; pure gold tilling Jl 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crown i $5 to $10; teeth
¦without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
hav«i your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free, J4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. TH/ fCHKR. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years"
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
wtnvinted for. 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
DOe: platee, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlcrs, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy Et.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu»h—
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dentnl work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth Et,
HET of teeth without plate, DR, Jl, G,
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Et, .
PR, n, L. WALSH, 815% deary, nr, I/jrUln^l'ain-
jess extraction SOp; plates tSup; phone Pnlk 1135,
pit, H,"d, THUMAN, rteiiisf, "third" floor, Ex.
amlner building; formerly m Mur-pUy b><1g,
VAN V r JtnOM^"Pafn|ePH"i evenings an>l p«n,
*flsya, loot Market Et,, pornep p|»th,
Cm?APP7ST and liesMnXmerTpft-ThB WeeMy
Cn\\, it riafn»H, **nt la any address in u»e
United States nr Panada wn» v^r fw f),
l)O(l iwiiVlTAltfi,
DHTHiiEfif^ r fT <?~ i', dig «as |i bjTrtfuiglsii
ftf fit Hie }lftspilfll, MO «1flltiPn (Iflj^ BVf '
l)ftl^l«MA l7J311« ASU HViA'MVfntiU^K^
¥t t V, N Cl f e eeoni jTiii~aTtTl~^h m7e~ H estTtTif , WM,
PlLQKit, 121 Pett, b\*t O'eofin^feMejtatt^
MenoWKLl. bf^sHiftkinirf h Mllllfler* 8ehool=»
CIhpm l-at°<*i tiMttet-fltt tot. IMS Maf Ket »t.
AVUES' Leading Husiness College, 723 Market—
18 per month j *50 life scholarship fcuaraiitees a
complete business education; shorthand, tyt»*
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE; is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship J50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an cccredlted preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D., .dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
ussociated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. '120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, . typ-
Jng, practical bookkeeping. . Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— *Civil, elee.,m!ning,mech, sur-
vey, aisav, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
<}er Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
'BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates &. bookkeep-
ers is "TARE, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg. .
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $G0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 123S Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School or Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. •
ACTING — Send to Grand Onera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bcokkeep., $5 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin.' guitar
lessons,, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008. Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1SC3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. Cth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
!*>nfla Ft. -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JA?A3?E^E^'a^d~~Cinn^"TeTp~~oT^irTundsl
cooks, waiters ' and* house servants. . GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41114 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
BAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California St.; tel. Rf>d 401.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush Et. ; tel. Bush 516. -
. ORPHEUM Employmint Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. :!15 Stockton; Main 51S8.
SITUATION wanted; a competent girl for
cooking; wages $30 to J33. Apply at 1712 Hyde
Bt., near Broadway. . -
YOUNG woman with a child wishes situation
. as cook or working housekeeper. . 1C43-1045
Market st. • . • - ¦
STRONG, good, willing -woman; a great house-
Cleaner and can do most any kind of work;
good references; wages $1 per day and car-
fare; good washer of flannels. S8 3d st., r. 10.
GIRL wishes a position to do general house-
work with a nice family; wages $20. Box
282, Call offlce. . .' . -
THOROUGHLY competent middle-aged Ger-
. man lady wishes position as working house-
' keeper. Address MRS. BLINT. 39 "West Mis-
sion St. " ; ¦ - . '
WOMAN would like to assist in housework, J3
a week; no Sunday work. ¦ Box 48G. ¦ CalL ¦
REFINED Swedish. girl desires a situation for
light upstairs work'in an "American family
or as nurse for 1 or 2 children; understands
massage; best of . references. Please call be-
tween 3 and 5 p. m. at 701 "Howard st., flat A.
¦¦.¦¦•"¦¦ '- -.¦¦:
HORSES A?O> WAGOyg.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO.. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 813 Folsom st.. with taai. .
sortment of eale hors-js; also livery and <•'
boarding; new boarders solicited; brick itabl«
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale: also wajons, buggte..
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
321 Sixth St.; auction sule« every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, ona
.fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 60a Q. O. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. W.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. r>ox 68, Call offlce.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, t
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and "Wagoa
Co.; he sells too cheap. M Eighth bx.
FOR sale— CouDe and buggy: cheap. Address
box 68. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission tt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely, dgan.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pageg. in wrapper for mailing. $1 P«r year.
"^ LOST AND»FOU:VD.
LOST— A pass book with tha Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In th*
name of SARAH SNOW No. 229-334. Tfc« fiad-
er will please raturn to oank.
LOST— Tuesday evening. Market-st. car. pair
opera glasses. Reward 657 Bu»h st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog. belonging to
MR. HENRY BABCOCK; probably taken by
mistake from 9:30 morning train to city at
Valenda-st station; a suitable reward will b«
paid for Its' delivery to PARROTT & CO.. 308
California st.
AT Dennett's Restaurant, a black silk um-
brella. J3 reward If returned to Dennett's .
cashier; no Questions asked.
LOST— Wednesday, September 18, fleur <J« Its
breastpin. Return to 1714 Van Ness ave.; re-
ward. _____^____
LOST— Lady's purse containing over $3 on
Geary St.. near Scott Reward 20-1 Post »t.
LOST— Gold wreath pin. 1610 Van Ness ave.;
reward.
LOST— Bay horse and light business buggy on
Hayes St.. near Stelner. Return 1227 Stelner:
reward.
LOST— Pocketbook with * photographs and let-
ters. Return to C. H. BODE. 936 Fourth St.;
J2 50 reward.
LOST Black French poodle, trimmed; liberal
reward. Hospital, Fort Mason.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfcr-
. nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
»rold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES • AM) PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPXE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421. -
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the special! :. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
- been relieved by my mettical treatment: fre*
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treatel; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
' W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
THE original MRS. DAV-TSS, who has been tn
bu*inef>s here for 25 years. Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided: offlcs
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 4 to 8:iO p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market-Reliable la- ]
dies' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur- I
Ing confinement; best medical cars; low fses. '
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity hcm«: »u>m«
Jn confinement. 1126 Ma ket St., 3. F.
HINDOOHERB AND URi). DAVIE3' original
method of treatment; ms.ternity home; bom*
in confinement. 1128 Market it. 8. V.
MRS. V. WYETII, reliable ladles' specialist;
private home tiefora and during confinement;
removed from Post to 41) O'Farrell it.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market at to 419 O'Farrell »t.
A WEEK'S l-ews foF 9 ean.s^Th* Weekly Call,'
]4 pages. |n wrapper tnr mailing ft per ysar.
JUIigELLAflKOUfj— yOH (ALB,
HoTt/EHd, engines, ?(i=hand maehlnary. M»*
imofiii * wor.PMAN, mm r»mQnt tt,
k»f irtt.UB. l.ai fmf.t t half*, |lf».i|Bi|ii», It'W *mt
ieeeflfl.-hani; we always >ftv# a !<*w sine* st
Mix"** eutflis m h»n>fi 11 eempl't* eutrtw en
§ne flaiif, ready ma^i «* w snip tvimhlM
In ti hours. / NCWMAN. mi, M19, loft, loii
Mteslan »{,, abev» Hlj»h^wfltj_t}if^gM<U£<ti^
liTifcjt*, baiter and ia*\\,P. <n«jln# edfflpl«t«.,f*>i
19=11 P, bollef and }Mi,f.0nein4 edrtiplfti.nM
iO*M,P, boilSf and i=IM*. intflM eomplet«.ll3i
i'tl.P, twilef and 4-M.f. iflgifl* «*mpl««^. !«
Alsd p!pr, nitlnaa, etc. II. S. WHITE, lit
Mission 9t. _
MISFIT parlors (Upstairs), 23 Stockton, refits
full dress, Tuxedo ( Prlno* Albert or mourn-"
era' black- suits tot $2 50 misfit tailor-mad*
cults and Raglans for sail? and to rent; a bl<
ctock of travelers' samples in trunks, valise*
an4 full dresa reasonable. .^__^__
Graphophones. Phonosrapha, Gramophones, 13 tn
(150; easy terms; children'! toy graphophones.
$1 £0; 2d-hand Phonographs. Oramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 123 Geary.
1901 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns. 8nell
and others; 2d-hand bicycles; cheap: send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL 309 Larkln st.
A— BUTS, sells or rents sear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-^Jj Spear St.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ia)(
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CCt,
9-17 Stevenson st., near First.
FOR sale— Ten plates. Van Houten A Tea
Broek static machine, with X-ray apparatus.
Address Physician. Call office.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; J55;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 203 Callfor-
nla st.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.: 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2^-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dresa
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— S3 10 DERBY and Fedom hats. Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kenrny St.. near Pine.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
G\SOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-hand.
¦ and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
FOR sale— Al fresh cow. Apply 10 Bonita st,
off Polk.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. IDA Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St. -
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewe.ry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
ENGINES and boilers; second- hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beal.) st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel,
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California »t*f
MAGIC lanterns, new and 23-hand moving pfci
tures. BUI-LARD <fr BRKCK. 131 Post St..
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Mount Olivet Cemetery stock; quota
price on 500 shares or less to box 4S3. Call.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Girvey. 1008 Call bid.
WANTED — At once; old s.>alsk!r.--. : will par
highest cash prices. Box »7. Call Office.
T1LTON wants good second -hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at S per cent tn suais to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property: second
mortgages. life Insurance 4k securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. W>» will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. RiM 50:«. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. CrockT bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT C PER CENT
First, second and third mo.-tKases
Undivided Interest In real estate In probats..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms' before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlng-
$5, 000, COO at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. It your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
tee HERMAN MURPHY. iiO3 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests; corporation leans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEO ROB E. OLSiafc
- ~~" ZZZ ! "5^ "7*
UNCLE HARRIS baa retlrtd froSs ¦ busln«a«* .A grand opera will be given in Native
Sons' Hall on the 26th inst. for the benefit
of the Presentation Convent. The event
is commanding much attention and the
advance sale of tickets is proceeding 'well.
The instrumental and vocal music will be
fine. The dialogue is amusing and spright
ly. Tickets are for sale at the convent.
1901 street: at the pastor's "resi
dence, 620 Vallejo street; by P. A. Buck
ley. 1311 Stockton street, and at Xast's
shoe store on Market street
Grand Opera for Convent.
Mrav Jobson had been divorced from her
husband; and later took up with Sam
Maxwell, a pugilist. Maxwell is now in
Alaska. '-
Mrs. Mary Jobson,* otherwise known as
Dolly Maxwell, a waif on the Barbary
Coast, died yesterday morning In . the
Adelphia House. 913 Kearny street. She
had been drinking with Fired Anderson in
the Vandalla saloon and was taken sick
•while there. Anderson took her to the
Adelphia House, where she told him that
she had taken morphine. A physician ¦was
sent for, but too long a time had elapsed
since she took the poison and he was
unable to save her.
Suicide of Mary Jobson.
On© of the prettiest home weddings of
the year occurred las* Tuesday eVenlng ,
when H. Bostwick, who holds a respon
sible position with the Western Union
Telegraph Company, was married to Miss
Lillian Parsons, the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. E. Parsons, at the home of tha
bride's parents, 4331 Twenty-third street.
The wedding ceremony was performed by
Rev. John A. Every. The parlors, were
beautifully decorated for the occasion
with palms and choice cut hothouse
flowers. Only the immediate relatives
were present. The happy couple left for
a tour of Southern California and expect
to be gone several weeks. On the re
turn of Mr. and Mrs. Bostwick they will
reside in this city.
Parsons at Her Parents'
Home.
H. Bostwick —Carries _Ciss TittHnn
TELEGRAPH OPEB_.TOB
WINS A PBETTY BEIDE
C W Williams. D C
J B Prath. : Denver
D McCarthy. Denver .
H Richmond, Los Ang
Z E Buckner. Sta Rosa
A J Hoben. Portland
J O'Brien; Vallejo
J Brown, Vallejo -
F R Reposa. Ltllis
F Rocke. Keato ;- - '
,T W Flangr. Vallejo
E H W- Hamilton, Cal
J McGee & w Alaska
C W Porter, Denver
C H Murdock. Gllrojr-
M.IE3 F Dunlap. Redlds
Miss A Kelly. Ohio
J B Pratt, Uktah .
F J Nutting & w. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Lankershim, L Angf
W Kerckhoff. L Ang
M Whlttler, Bakersfld
Mrs Ketcham, Iowa
Miss Ketcham. Iowa
P F Bond. Akron :
P Richardson, London
Z ¦ J Riggs. Salem.
G P Black, Cal
C E Metzger, N T
T Field & w, Monterey
F H Buck, Vacavilla
P G Gow & w. Cal
Master C Gow, Cal
C Beldlng _ w. Cal
AW Brown, N Y
C Munroe, L Ang
Mrs Fitch, Milwaukee
Miss Carr. Phila
C Stewart, Cal
Mrs U Darrell, Cal
J M Wise, U S M
D H Biddle. USA
J H Estes. Mass
Miss Morgan, London
D Rosenbaum, Stocktn
E G Hothorn. N Y
O P Posey. L Ang
O W Poeey. L Ang
J V G Posey. L Anr
J Edwards, England
S Mills & w. U S A
P Shlllock. USA
Mrs Lasslter, U S A
W Clarke, Kansas City
G T Perkins. USA
Mrs T Towl, N Y
GRAND HOTEL. \
J A Kubbard, Cal '
F E Wright, Sacto
J W Abrama, Sta Rosa
W A McNeil & f. ArU
O F Schwerdtman. Mo
H H Wintzer. St Louis
J R Bowles, Portland
H Wittenberg, Portlnd
J Brlswaugh. - Portlnd
TL Reed, Reedley
Dr F M Archer, Cal
C E Sweezy, Marysvill
"Mrs G K Ryder, Sacto
J H Batcher, Sacto
J A Henderson. Ls Ang
H M Reed, Reedley .
WO Spear, Phila
L Jaffe, Seattle
Mrs S M Mason, Cal
Miss Z Mason, Cal
L O Torres. Manila .
A Torros.' Manila ~ B
C J Christianson.USN
R L Andrew & w. Cal
FAhren, Manila .
M Nor. Manila
R Mariano, Manila
F Zialeta, Manila
T H Elles, Iloilo
Dr E E Endlcott, Cal
A Nelson. Alaska
A C Rowland. R I .
H Brown & w, Napa
C K Anderson. Chicago
A Smith. Loa Ang
J W Vail. Chicago
I Rogers. Cal -
I Alexander, Sacto
J H Northcraft. Cfilna
Dr C S Seaman. P I
W A Jones. Manila
W.W Goddard. Manila
F H Smith. Manila,
W N Michel. US A
P S Brumby, Mich ¦
H Hoyle. San Rafael
H K Carter. Davlsvtlle
R D Smith & w. Ind
H L Cooley & — , Col
L Ceresole. London.
G Hlrshhorn, London
J H Henry. S Jose
Mrs Darper, Oakland
C H Wolfe, Pasadena
F W Billings, S Cruz
C Morgan, U S N
A J Hunt. S Josa
J K Cassedy & w. Fa
G T Hersh & w. Pa
Master L Hersh. Pa
Miss I Hersh, Pa •
Miss F Hersh, Pa
Miss B Baker, Pa
G W Hersh, Pa
H E Hersh, Pa
R F Miller, Pa '
Miss Halgh. Boston .
Miss M Prime, N Y
Miss K Prime. N Y
Mrs MA Dickey. N Y
W C Dickey. N Y •
Count Suxburg. Genny
B G Holt, -Honolulu
C Smith, Honolulu
¦F Shrader. Honolulu
W Cornwell, Honolulu
C M Clark. Pa
L J F Iaeger. Yuma I
R E Peake, London -
Mrs McQuade, Sydney
Miss McQuade, Sydney
J Gerardy, Belgium
A H Canby, N Y
G F Simonds. N Y
M Griffin, Riverside
H W Hasey. N Y
A Bell & w, L Ang
¦HOTEL AURIVAIiS.
Mrs. Fuller also charges that her hus
band has conveyed to Bertha A. Smith
four holdings on First avenue, a piece of
land on Tenth avenue and the residence
at 323 Seventh avenue. She asks that %
restraining order be issued to- prevent her
husband disposing ot any property pend
ing the suit. The Smith woman Is named
as co-defendant in the suit.
Mrs. Fuller claims that her husband's
holdings are valued at $150,000, and that it
Is all community property. She says ha
Is trying to evade the community prop
erty law by encumbering and disposing
of the property.
A suit for maintenance was filed in tha
County Clerk's office yesterday by Emily
T. Fuller, wife of George H. Fuller, the
well known capitalist. In the complaint
Mrs. Fuller alleges that, though her hus
band enjoys an Income of $25,000 a year,
he allows her but J5 a week on which to
keep house. She asks the court to grant
her a monthly allowance of 1350, which
sum. she claims, is necessary to keep her
in accordance with her station In life. The
complaint further alleges that Fuller
compels his wife to go to his office every
Saturday to collect the miserable pittance
he allows her, and that he has warned her
repeatedly that in the event of her ex
penses exceeding $5 per week he would
publish in the papers that he would not
be responsible for the debts contracted by
her.
monious Conduct by His Wife,
Emily T. Fuller.
George H. Fuller Accused of Parsi-
WJ-_ OP A CA-TTAT.TST
SUES FOR MA_m_T_2TCE
The McKenzie Musical Society has post
poned its concert, programmed for this
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall, until next
Thursday night, September 26.
The Chutes and Zoo postpones its usual
amateur night until to-morrow In respect
to the day of mourning.
At Fischer's Concert-house this week's
programme Includes "The Beautiful Gala
tea," .Suppe's operetta; Mae Tunison. so
prano; the Gagnoux, Jugglers; the Bern
axds. sketch artists; Dilges, the celebrated
aerial perforrner, and many other cele
brated vaudevillians. Fischer's will be
closed to-night.
The Orpheum's programme for this
week is one of .the best ever presented at
this popular place of amusement. Dor
othy Morton, justly styled the "queen of
comic opera," is singing at her best. "Tha
Bridegroom's Beverie," presented by the
Miases Delmore and Walter Caryll. is on©
of the prettiest performances ever given
in San F"ranicsco, and Ernest Hogan in
his coon songs is simply Irresistible. Mr.
and Mrs. Karsy extract wonderful music
from their "giant myriophone" and
George W. Leslie and his company of
farceurs score a tremendous hit In
"Chums." Libby, Trayer and Gilbert are
applauded to the echo In their musical
sketch, "The Debutante." and Stella Lee,
the clever dancer, and Marsh and Sartella.
novelty performers, complete a good pro
gramme. The biograph pictures, by the
way, are unusually Interesting. The Or
pheum will close to-night.
This is the last week of Belasco &
Thall's big production of "A Voice From
the Wilderness" at the Central Theater
and no one should miss it if only for its
spectacular beauties. "Little Lord Faun
tleroy" Is the succeeding play to be put
on on Monday evening next. To-day and
this evening the theater will be closed.
The doors of the Columbia Theater -will
be closed throughout to-day as well as to
night. « Friday night, Saturday matinee
and Saturday and Sunday nights Thomas
Q. Seabrooke will continue to present
Sydney Rosenfeld's comedy, "A Modern
Crusoe."* It will continue throughout next
week. "Florodora," of which so much
has been heard during the last year, la
announced as the succeeding attraction at
the Columbia Theater. Many of the prin
cipals who have appeared in the New
York production of the. great musical
success are coming here with the com
pany.
There will be closed doors at the Al
cazar Theater to-night and all of to-day.
The very good little production of "The
Taming of the Shrew," that has been so
popular with the patrons of the Alcazar,
will hold the boards for the remainder of
the week, and next week, that marks the
farewell week of Miss Florence Roberts'
engagement at the Alcazar, will bo given
over to an elaborate revival of "Sapho,"
in which the favorite actress fines per
haps her best opportunity. ¦ .
S The Tivoll box office will be closed to
day and the theater this evening on ac
count of the funeral of the President.
Everything is sold out for "Carmen"
and "Faust" has run the Bizet opera a
close race in public favor. "Carmen"
will be given again next week, alternat
ing with the new. production of "Na
bucco." which takes place on Monday
evening, September 23. Salassa has the
name part in the opera and is said to be
at his best. Dado. Barbareschl and Pol
lettini are the other principals.
All theaters and places of amusement in
San Francisco will be closed to-day and
this evening in respect to the funeral of
the President. At the Grand Opera
house "Richelieu," In which Mr. Ha.worth
Is doing such good work, will hold the
boards for the remainder of the week.
Mr. Haworth is very well supported by
Miss Florence Stone as Julie de Mortemar
and Herschel Mayal is also winning favor
for himself.
Estate P. S. Wilcox (by same) to J. Folcia,
lots 1 to 4, 1 to 10 and lot 12, block 757, Hough
ton Tract, tax deed. Oakland; %tLZ , _
Same (by same) to same, lots 14 to. 17, block
765. same, Oakland; $112. _ ¦ -.
¦ Margaret Lamb (widow of Hugh) to Joseph
A Furtado, two acres beginning at point on S
line of plat 64,'Ranchos V. and D. Peralta, SW
2054:7 from common • corner to plats 61, 64, .66
and 67 being SW comer of land conveyed to
Margaret MacGregor. 97 D. 17 and 131 D. 434.
thence SW 248.84, NW 302, NE 261.95, SE 300.75,
portion of plat 64, Kellersberger's survey of
aforesaid rancho,. Berkeley; $10. \- .
• R - Sesnon (by James B. Barber, Tax Col
lector) to J. S. McDowell, in tide lands, section
20 township 2 south, range 3 west, fractional
lot 12 tax deed, Brooklyn Township: $36.
Paul K. Buckley to Elizabeth O. Buckley,
lot on E line of Union street, 92 N of Enclnal
avenue, E 100 by N 48. block 5. Bartlett Tract.
Alameda; and property In other counties; gift. v
Frederick and ' Anna C. Bammann to David
Morris, lot on W line of Broadway, 315:9 N of
Santa Clara avenue. N 40 by W 140:2,- being a
portion of block 2, Hays and Caperton property,
¦ Joseph*' A; ; Fltzpatrlck to Mary Dickson. lot
on S line' of Central avenue. 190 E of Caroline,
E 30 by S 125. being a portion of lots 160 and
161 Enclnal Park Tract: lot 11, block D, re
subdlvlslon Halght Tract. Alameda: $10. ¦ _
Carrie B., Thomas B., Leila S., Frederick J.
"and Nellie M. Russell to J. C. and Annie C.
With. -10 acres, beginning v at stake onS line of
county road No. 1009, from Haywards to Rus
sell station,' SW 7.05 chains from W'line of
county road, 1649, SW 6.67 chains by SE 13
chain?* 'being, a portion of S 'half of "Soto
Rancnb, Eden Township; $10.
Henry N. Wlnton to Mary. Field (widow),
lot 13 section 1. plat 11. • of Lone Tree Ceme~
terv Eden Township; $25. ¦¦" . ¦¦
Charles F Benjamin • to Clinton Gurnee, Jr.,
undivided Interest in SE quarter section 34,
township 3 south, range 3 east, quitclaim deed,
M'irray Township; $30. •
Frances M. and John E. Markley (by Isaac
L Requa and W. W. Garthwaite, trustees) to
Oakland Bank of Savings. 660 D. 69. lot on W
line of Linden Btreet.,127 N of Fourteenth, N
50 by W 132, trustee's deed, Oakland; $3980.:
N ' Gertrude . Brown, (widow) (by. same trus
tees) to same, 701 D. 13. lots 14 and 15,. block
G tredivision of portion of Brumagtm. Tract, W
of Shattuck avenue. Oakland; also lot 28, block
B map ; portion of Woolsey Tract, trustee's
deed, Berkeley: $2391. .: . '
G F W. -and Catherine Schuitze to Mary B.
Nicholson, lot on E line of Grove street," 100 N
of Eighth, N 1 by E 68, block 92, Kellersberger's
map,. Oakland; $10. -. ,
<¦& Ellen Parker (McFarland), (wife of H. G.)
to James Lanyon. lot on S line of Simpson ave
nue " 600;90 W of Telegraph avenue.- W 50 by S
106.33. lot 15. Simpson Tract. Oakland; $10.'
Emma and David Berwick to Alexander, Ed-
Alameda County.
Ann Hughes Edwards to John H.- Edwards
and Annie E. Davis, lot 7. block 33, West End
map 1; gift. - • •
J. B. Reinsteln to Sadie Schaertzer, lot on
E line of Chenery street, 66 S of Randall, S
25, E 115, N 25, W 108, block IS, Falrmount; $10.
John C. Doose to Agostlno Tassaro, lot on
NW line of London street, 225 NE of China
avenue,. NE 75 by NW 100. block 1, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. » — "¦--.
Francis H. Page to Olive Verkouteren, lot
or. S corner of Twenty-first - avenue and L»
street. SE 75 by SW 100, block 422, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association ;
$10. ¦ •
Elizabeth* M. and Carl W.von Tiedemann to
Theodore Jv Weiss, lot on N line of Montana
street. 2S0 W of Capitol avenue. W 50—, E 50. S
125, block U, Railroad Homestead; *650.
Nelson L. and Kate Wood to William C.
Alrey, lot 6, block 11, Fair" s subdivision of
Holly Park Tract: $2000.
Annie Vredenbursrh to Thomas D. Riordan.
lot on » E line of Van Ness avenue. 60 E of
Turk street, N 30, E 100, S 22, W 4, S 8, W 96;
also Iot3 21 to 24, block 11, subdivision 2, Clar
endon Hetehts; $10.
Henry J. Evans to John J. Qulnn, lot on N
line of Vallejo street, 64:9 E of Franklin, E
5 by N 100; $10. - "-» •• _
David McKay to Antus McKay, undivided
half of lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 176:6 E
of Laguna street, E 26:6 by S 127:8Vi: $10.
John W. Guscetti to Mlnnfe Gercke (wife of
Fritz), lot on "W line of Steiner street. 110 S
of Fell, S 27:6 by W 100: *10. - _
Isabel Durney to Rebecca Durney, lot on W
line of Scott street, 87:10 N of Turk, N 25 by
" C W. and Elizabeth C. McAfee to Blanche'
M. " Rykert, lot on SE corner of Union and
Devisadero streets, S 68 by E 103:1%; also lot
on N line of Vallejo street, 171:10% W of Scott,
W 103:1% by N* 137:6;. $10. . ££*¦'¦£.
Herbert E.'and Grace W. Law to Fred H.
Merer lot on N line of Lombard street. 106:3
E of Brodertck. E 75 by N 137:6; J10. .
James Wallace to Elizabeth Butler, lot on N
line of Twenty-second street, 405 W of Valen
cia, E 25 by N 114; also lot on E line of Fair
Oaks street. 61 S of Twenty-second, S 30:6 by
E Ber 7 na'rd* 1 and Rosa Levy to William Wilson,
lot on N lino of Morton street. 1S2:1O»4 E of
Stockton, E 5% inches, N 34:8%, W 2% inches.
S 34:8%, quitclaim deed; $1. .
Jemina and William F. Smith. Mary E.
Hughes and Eliza J. Kennedy to same, lot on
N fine of Morton street. 160:5 E of Stockton.
E 22-11 by N 60, quitclaim deed; $10.
Christian h: and Clara Voigr to Henry J.
Aden." Samuel Hirst and L. G. Harrier; lot on
N line of Sutter street, 13i:C E of Mason, N
137-6 by E 63:6, quitclaim deed; $5. ¦
Same to same, lot on N line of Sutter street,
137:6 E of* Mason, N 137:6, E 68:1%, S 137:6,
"M'cA. Newlands to S. and H. Lachman
Estate (corporation), lot on W line_of Mason
street. 87:6 S of Sutter, W 117:6 by S 40 (quit
claim' deed); $100. " .
Eva McA. Prichett to same, same; $100.
A M SDeck to George Jacobs, lot on SE
line of Minha street, '123:4 NE of Fifth, NE 24:8
Estate 'of Catherine Sullivan (by Hanna
Moran and - Catherine Brennan, executors) to
Aznes Brodle. lot on SW line of Harriet street.
225 NW of Folsom, NW 25 by SW 7»: I2S00.
John A. and Mary M. Buck to William D.
and Albert H. Marden, lot on E line of Hamp
shire , street. 100 S of Eighteenth (Solano), S
2a john^ishfo*rd to Benjamin F. Cooley^lot on
W line of Mississippi street, 12o N of Twenty-
Margaret 'or Margaret E.,' James P., Amelia
and Bridget CuUinan and MaryKamlade to
Albert W. Lehrke, on SW corner of Eigh
teenth (Solano) and Minnesota streets, S oO
b^.lbert W. Lehrke to A. H. Payson (trustee),
Freada. Jos.e and -Bertha
Bloomingdale and Hattie Kline, same. same,
quitclaim deed: $10.' _ _
George M. and Lilian A.'Rolph to John Wyl
lle lot on SW corner of M street, and Twenty
second avenue, .W" 32:6 by S 100; also lot on
NW corner N street and Twenty-second avenue,
W 32'6 by N 100; $10. •
- Louis F Dunand to Commercial Building and
Loan Association, lot 26/ block 34. Sunnyside;
$10
Estate of Vitus Wackenreuder, by Henry
Wackenreuder, executor (by ' R. ¦ L Whelan,
Sheriff) to Mary Dillon, lot on W line of Ne
braska street, 483 S of Yolo, S 25. W 112, NW
37. W 31, NW 73. E 91:6. S 50. E 100; $750.
Julia C. Lyon to Thomas W. and Christopher
C. Rivers, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue
(Nebraska), 52:2 N of Nineteenth (Butte) street.
N 25 by W 200; also lot on W line of Dolores
street, 83 S of Army, S 25 by W 90; also lot on
W line of Ninth avenue. 125 N of K street,. N
25 by W 120; $10.
George F. Lyon to same, lot on W line of
Mississippi street, 375 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo),
N 25 by W 100; $10.' j.
Stewart A. Barr to Maggie E. Barr. lot on
N line of Bush street, to £ of Franklin, E 23
by N 78; gift.
Maggie JSS. Barr (wife of Stewart A.) to Kt
tore jjoschetti and Deodato Magnani, same;
110. ¦ . .. . - . - .. - «
William, Jeanette and Edward Wolf to Bat
tista and Micnele Cianciarulo, lot on N line of
Ellis street, 137:1% E of Octavla. : _ . 4H inches
by N 137:6; $10. • •
Francis W. -and Catherine Arnold to Morris
Slminoft, ; lot on W line~of Uroderick street, '150
N of Page, N 25 by W 1U0; $10. . ' >
Edward -and- Jane Me Adam to Marian van
Zandt (wife of Reuben), lot on W line of Ash
bury street, 125 S of Oak, S 25 by AV 106:3; $10.
William Paterson to Susie E. Paterson, lot
on E line of Mission street; 335 S of Twenty
nrst. S 24 by E 122:6; gift.
Charles E. Livermore (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on S line of Twentieth Btreet, 153 W.
of Dolores, W 50 by S 114; also lot on SE corner
of Twentieth and Church streets. S 228, E 305,
N 114, W 150, N 114. W 55; $10,900. '
David Condon to Florence McCarthy, lot on
W line of Noe street, 198 N of Twentieth, N
25 by W 125; $10. . -.
Ann. Hughes Edwards to John H. Edwards,
lot on ¦ SE corner of Hampshire and Twenty
second streets, S 100 by E 100; also lot on W
line of Georgia street, 73:6 S of Sierra, W 50
by S 26:6; gift. *
¦ Peter or Peter J. Tiernan to Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on W line of San
chez street. 89 N of Day, N 25 by W 55; $10.
Albert Joseph to Emma Joseph, lot on NW
corner of Mason street and Latham place," N
60 by W 77:6: $10. ...»
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
F. O'Brien, lot on N line of Union street, 60 W
of Hyde, W 20 by N 60: $1500. "
Benjamin and Fannie Harris to B'nai B'rtth
Endowment Fund Association, lot on NW line
of Natoma street. 312:6 NE of Third, NE 20 by
NW 70; also lot on NE corner of Twenty-eighth
and Noe streets. E 135 by N 114; $10.
: Estate of Mary McLane (by Dennis Hayes,
executor) to < Agnes Hayes, lot on SW line of
Sixth • street. 150 NW of Folsom, NW 12:6 by
SW 155; $4000. -
Ann Hughes Edwards to Annie E. Davis, lot
on.SW line of Seventh street, 100 SE of How
ard. SE 25 by SW 85; gift.
Managers Act in Accordance
With General Gloom
Pervading City. -y\"
SEAIi ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
No Performances at the
Show Houses This
ALL THEATERS
TO BE CLOSED
James L. .'Flood (owner) with Raymond Gran
ite Company (a corporation) (contractors),
architect Albert Plssls — Granite work for build
ing on lot on NE corner of Powell and Eddy
streets. E 22:8%. NE 1S6:6%. NW 62:8%. N
114:11%, W 137:10, S 275; $12.729 80.
Helen A. Deamer (owner) with G. C. Sweeney
(contractor), architect none — Plumbing, gasiflt
tlng, sewer work, water and gaspipe and con
nections for a three-story frame building now
partly constructed on lot on NW corner of Mc-
Allister and* Fillmore streets, . W 87:6 by N
62:6; $2400. ..".
Abner I. Lowell . (owner) with McCulUrugh
Contracting Company (contractors), architect
James A. McCullough— All work for a two
story, attic and basement frame building (two
flats) on lot on E line of Clayton street. 75
S of Hayes. S 25 by E 106:3, W A 671;. $5525.
D. B. Murphy (owner) with R,, Fahy (con
tractor), architect Thomas J. Welsh— All work
for a two-story and basement frame building
(four tenements) on the N line of Fourteenth
street. 151:2 W of Hbward. N 116, W 157. S 115:3.
E 131:2; $5500.
Same owners with Paul Agmar (contractor),
architect same — Painting, varnishing and
whitewashing for same on same; $1123.
:¦ Same owner with Shepard Bros, (contractors),
architect same — Plumbing and gas piping for
same on same; $2970. • •
Henry E. Eothin (owner) with Newsom St
McNeil (contractors), architect Henry H.
Meyers — Carpenter, glazing, mill, stairs, glass,
hardware, tiling, lathing, plastering and man
tels for a two and three-story frame building
(ten flats) on NE corner of Vallejo and Polk
streets. E 75 by N 126; $15,435.
Builders' Contracts.
J. E. A. Phillips Sr. .to Joseph H. Phillips
Jr., lot on S line of Railroad avenue, 100 W
of St. Paul street, W 50 by S 100, lots 7 and
8. block 27, Mary A. Fitch Homestead. Ala
meda; $10. . . «
Tillie Campbell to Margaret H. Greer, lot 6,
block D. Latham Terrace, Fruitvale, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Judson Wheeler to Mrs. Sadie C. Webb, lots
7 and 8, block 3, Map Wheeler Tract, to cor
rect error in 772 D. 125, Berkeley; $1.
Rebecca and /Myron L. Wurts to-S. Carle
ton, lots 13 and 14, block 175, map subdivision
lots' 12, 13 and 14 and portion of ¦ lot 11, Cor
rected Map Snyder Homestead Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Martin Dale to Anson Hilton, lots 15 and 13,
block 75, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
N. D. and Phebe M. Rideout to same, lot
on- NW corner . of Eleventh and Bella Vista
avenues, SW 62.28. NW 150. NE 54.87. SE 152.75.
block B, Bella Vista Park. East Oakland; $10.
J. S. and Mary I. A. Myers to H. B. Cros
cup, same. East Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to J. S. Myers,
lot 9, block B, Bella. Vista Park, East Oak
land; $10.
Charles and Annie Helmke to Diedrich Bruns,
lots 10 to 15, block 11, resubdivlslon blocks 10
and 11, Howe Tract, Oakland; $1100.
Oliver Carpenter to Fred B. Taylor, lot on
N line of Fourteenth street. 117:4?fc E of Brush,
E 42:8U by N 103. Oakland; $10.
Lizzie, James and Christina A. Mix to Jack
son S. Wilson, lot on N line of Virginia street,
170 E of Bonte avenue, N 50 by W 50, block 24.
Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
David and Mary B. Morri3 to Frederick
Bamrnan, lot on N line of Enclnal avenue, 230
E of Willow street, E 50 by N 140. block E,
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Dora and George G. Davidson. Louis Metzger
and E. N. Chapman (by Clarence Crowell, com
missioner), to Louis Metzger, lot on NW corner
of Oakland avenue (Seventh) and Wood street,
N 1CO:4% byW 130:7%, betas* lots 5 to 9 of
land on Oakland Point Railroad Ferry landing.
Oakland; $19,000.
Louis Metzger to J. P. Rohrbach, same,
same; £10.
Nela P and Emma Anderson to Jackson S.
Wilson, lot beginning at the intersection of
& line drawn N from Virginia' street at right
angles and 120 E of Bonte avenue, with line
drawn E from said avenue at right angles and
50 N of Virginia. N 60 by E 50, block 24. Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
Charles E: Davis to Continental Building and
Loan Association, lots 19 and 20, subdivision
G, Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. V
Home Building Con.-yany (a corporation) to
C. P. Jones, lot on N line of Washington
street, 40 W of Merrill avenue, W 35, N 124 :«,
E 35, S to beginning, being W 15 feet of lot 13
and -E -20 feet of lot 19, subdivision A. same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Nathaniel atfd Mary L. Butler to A. R.
Denke, lot on Sline of Pacific avenue, 163 E
of Euclid street, E 32 by S 153:9, being lot 7,
subdivision Orchard Tract, Alameda; $10.
A. R. and Henrietta Denke to WUhelm W.
Scherer, same, Alameda; $10.
R. W.. Lottie V. and Richard W. Tutt to W.
F. Kroll. lot on S line of Twelfth street. 39:3
E of Magnolia' street, E 39 by S 115. being a.
portion of block 563 (recorded SeDtember 17,
1901). Oakland; $10.
William R. and Ellen L. Thomas, First Na
tional Bank of Oakland. Pacific Box Factory,
Californa Bank and Sarah M. McLean (by
M. W, Simpson, commissioner), to William H.
Hardy, lot on N line of Eleventh street. 135 W
of West street, W 50 by N 100, block 151, Kel
ersberrfs map, Oakland; $3000.
Elliott B. Davis to Mary W. Davis, lot on
SE corner of Fifth avenue, 100 NE of East
Ninth street. NE 37:6 by SE 140. block 9, Clin
ton, East Oakland; gift.
Georgianna de R. Barondls to Eugene Wll
cox, lot • 8, block 8, map I. M. Wentworth
Boot and Shoe Factory Tract. Berkeley; *10.
James Y. and Jessie Eceleston to E. A.
Heron, lot on SW corner of Sixth and Grove
streets, S 100 by W 75, block 50. Oakland; $10.
W. F. and Effle L. Kroir to R. W. Tutt.
lot on E line of Union street, 133:SU N of
West Eighth, N 30 by E 133:3; $10.
J. a and Mary. I. A. Myers to Etta S.
Genung (wife of R. H.), lot on W line of Mc-
Clure street, 230 N of Prospect avenue, N 45
by W 104, lot 7, McClure Academy Grounds.
Oakland; $10.
W. F. ana Effle L. Kroll to Karl H. Nickel,
lot on W line of Twenty-fourth ' avenue, 30 S
of East Sixteenth street. S 30 by W 112. East
Oakland; $10. . . •¦
Michael and Mary Quaney to Harry M. and
Mary A. Daggett, lot 4, block N, Knowles and
Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land; $10.
- Emilie A. Bertsch (Trlpler) (wife of WlXiam
H. and Charles S. Tripler) to J. J. Johnson,
lot on N .corner of Eleventh and East Ninth
streets, NE 300 by NW 150, block 116, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10. -
John J. and Eda Johnson to Emilie A.
Bertsch (wife of William H. and Charles S.
Tripler Jr.), lot on.SE line of Eleventh avenue,
201.20 SW of East Twenty-eighth street. SW
50, SE 122.516, NE 50.07. NW 119.926 to begin
ning, being NE 30 feet lot 11 and SW 20 feet
lot 12. Templeton Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Ella Lolor to E. C. Blackwood (widow), lot
on SE line. of B street, 168.65 NE of Main.
NE 33.35 by SE 200. block 37, Haywards, Eden
Township: $10. .
George L. Payne (by James B, Barber. Tax
Collector) to D. Lambert, lot 101, Regent-Etreet
Homestead, Berkeley; $6844.-- .
Gee D. and Catherine G. Smith (by Isaac L.
Requa and W. • W. Garthwaite. trustees) to
Oakland Bank of Savings. 644 D. 37. lot on N
line of Dwight way, 52 W of Mary street, W
52. by N 134:8, lot 11, block 23, map of Jlagee
Tract, trustee's deed. Berkeley: $5067.
Sophia F. and Andrew Peterson to Nellie B.
Howard (wife of H. M.), lot on B line of Ade
line street, 225 N of Thirtieth, N 23 by E 122.
block C, lands of Peralta Homestead, subject to
mortgage for $6C0, Oakland; $ltO.
ward G. and Edith Berwick and Sarah Kltch-
Ing, lot on S line of Ninth street, 75 Wot Cy
press," W 3S by S 100, Oakland; $10..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1901.
13
PALACE HOTEL.
• "A: Wolf, -beloved son of Jacob and the late
Lizzie Wolf, and brother of Abe, David. Jo-
seph- and the late Jacob Wolf and Mrs. Bes-
' . sie (Isaacson and the late Mrs. Joseph, a na-
* tive of San • Francisco; aged 40 years. *. ¦ V.-;
•- ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited : to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J#B. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Third and- Townsend streets by 3:30
1. o'clock train. ¦ Interment > New Salem -Ceme-
-¦¦ tery.- — - ¦ ¦ ¦.- ¦ • ¦ -' ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Shanahan Florist Co
Vk - y ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
. Prices Reasonable'.-
107 POWELL ST.ncamELLIS 7X5. 5056
ROOMS TO LET-— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
LASKIE, tl, bet. 8th and 9th, off . Mission— 4
, furnished rooms; complete housekeeping; $15;
sunny front parlor for gentleman. ..." .
LARKIN, 715— Newly and handsomely fur-
nished gunny single or double rma.; all front.
MARKET. 2066, near Haight— A fine sunny fur-
nished bay window room, suitable for two;
rent $10. ...¦-¦. : -- . . ¦ ¦
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms,- $10 up.
MISSION. 930«4, Laurel House— Rooms to let;
no transient. .-'-¦-
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market -st. ¦ •
NINTH. 91—-Two nice sunny furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PIERCE, 339. bet. Page and Oak— Two large,
sunny, furnished rooms; running water,
grate, mantel, alcove, gas; four street car
lines; near the park. ¦
POLK, €03— Sunny suite and single room.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to $150; week. $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eight* St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished!
SILVER, 121% — t pleasant rooms.
STOCKTON. S32— Nioe sunny clean suites and
eingle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient
TURK. 943— Sunny room parlor floor, grate, gas
and bath; $2 25 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch office. 2200 Fillmore si.
~~ ROOMS WANTED. '¦ ' '
WANTED by 2 adults, 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms; east of Van Ness and north of Eddy;
references. Bor 462, Call. - ¦ ¦ _'
ROOMS AND BOARD.
_____ *| "
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; ' reasonable in price;
.suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth. . .
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single ind en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE NIARA, 615 Taylor st (formerly . the
Clalrmount) has changed hands. MRS. MAY
BOOKER has thoroughly renovated and re-
furnished the house; rooms single or en suite,
with or without board; home cooking; refs.
BOARDING— MRS. K. A. D'ARCY. has taken
charge of the dining-room ot The Niara, 615
Taylor St., and it is under her personal super-
vision; family or transient; home cooking.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission— Sunny cor-
ner suite, newly furnished, $60; smaller suite,
$50; house modern; American cooking. ' '
A SUNNY suite, with excellent board; mod-
ern; also table-board. 1184 Ellis; reference.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion: select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; a£tra^Uv^jrooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 603 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
POST, 739— Exceptional rooms and board;
beautiful grounds; table board given to few
select parties; refs. MRS. J. CALHOUN.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD Fellows' Cemetery Association— The an-
nual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
•September 23. 1901, at 2 p. m., at the office
of the association. Point Lobos ave., for ths
election of Trustees, etc. By order ot the
Board of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
mitatlon free. American Dispensary. 514, Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
'ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
. storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and. Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. '
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ;. .,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
TO LEASE. -.
WANTED to lease for 3 or 5 years, a dairy of
from 20 to 60 cows; correspondence solicited
in regard to same. Address box 457. Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HUTCHINSON SUGAR~PLaNTaTION CO.—
Dividend notice — Dividend No. 95 (twelve and
one-half centa per chare) will be payable at i
t*ie office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Friday. September 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books clore Saturday; September 14, 1901,
at 12 o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Ca!.,
September 17. 1901 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Tuesday, October 1, 1901, and opened
¦ immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders and blank form of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to W. H. BALDWIN. Major and C. S..
U. S. Army, Purchasing Commissary. .
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department. 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, August 20th, 1901.
. Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on September 20th, 1901,
and then opened, for construction of stone
wall along southern boundary of . Military
Reservation, Presidio of San Francisco, in
accordance with plans and specifications on
file here, which can be seen on application.
OSCAR F. LONG; Major and Quartermaster,
U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. ¦
MABKIAGE LICENSES.
. The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Albert E. Bryon, 24, 141 San Jose avenue, and
Mae Kinne, 19, 3341 Twenty-second street.,
Franklin F. Minaker, 20, 1327 Sacramento
street, and Florence M. Ferguson, 20, 713 Web-
ster street. < _.- . . •..
Frederick V. Meyers, 44. city, and Rachel
Dav, 37, city. . . . ¦
Ernest Andrews, 33, 2615 Clay street, - and
Maud L. Adam, 21, Akron, Ohio.- .
Erick Buerg, 27, 414 First street, and Hulda
Zar.Call, 23, 414 First street.
Jame3 G. Doane, 24, 1320 Pacific street, and
Emma E. Renwlck, 22, 571 Third street.
Robert de Spiro, 28, Cripple Creek, Colo., and
Ruth L. - Berretts, 21, Louisville, Ky.
Edmund J. Nunan, 26, city, and Ellen
O'Donchue, 18, city.
. Edward Kalnin. 28, 61S% Natoma street, and
Annie Johnson, 25, - 227 Shipley street.
Giuseppe Bond!, 24, San Jose,- and Salvatora
Sunsera. 17, 62 Manchester street.
"BIRTHS— MARRI_&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices ; sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have. the same , published.*
BOEN. *. ,
CHRISTENSON— In this city, SeDtember '. 13,
1901. to the wife of Peter Chrlstenson, a son.
HARRIS— In this city,- September 4, 190L to
the -wife of Stephen Loring Harris, a son.
KIRLE— In this citV, September 17, 1901, to
the wife of Bartle Kirle, a daughter. "
ROBLING — In this city, September 10. 1901, to
the wife of William Robling, a son. \,
WEBER— In - this city, to the wife of A.'
Weber, a son. ¦¦ ¦
__ MABRIED.
? BREESE— ROGERS— In this city, September
17, 190L by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Fred F.
Breese of /"Nevada City, Cal.. and Fannie
Rogers of Vl»alla, Cal. - . ¦ ...- r.
HOWE— OPPENHEIM— In '.this city, Septem-
ber 18. 1901, by the Rev. J.E. Moore, Rus-
sell Boyd. Howe and. Clara Louise Oppen-'
helm, both of. San. Francisco. . . . ¦. , *.
JONES— WHITEHEAD— In Alameda, at- the
First Methodist Episcopal Church, by - the
Rev. E. -P. Dennett, Fred C. Jones and Eva
Whitehead, both of San Francisco.
MOXCY TO LOAX— Contlnnfd.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
. mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
t Grant ave.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rales. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third et,
—UJTICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furnl-
. ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out .tndorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
-annum. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
- party; no removal; no commission; conAden-
¦ ttal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
¦quick; lowest interest: eaey terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market «L. room 68.
OX REAL estate— 6 per cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% on furniture and pianos; 515 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SL 6 Eddy st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome «t.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and discounts.
2S1 Parrott building.
.MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Er.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOAN'S money on salary ; no indorser: Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Ca. 309 Phelan bldg.
_—^^ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BONANZA FOB SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 cood upright. *3; 1 better. $85.
2 good ertnds. J175. $195.
6 uprights. 5135, $155. $180. $190, $198.
Also Conover. Steinway. Weber. Vose. Curtax.
Decker Bros.. Pease. Standard, little used.
1 t-stop. $33; 1 7-Etop. $44.
1 V-stop. *4S; 1 fine like new. $64.
1 2-manuai. $75; 1 16-stop. Liszt style.
Mason & JIarnlin. very fine, $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CCRTAZ & SON.
1« O'Farrell et. Chickerlng Agency.
14,000 eg. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL piano* purchased ot SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
J years frcm date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright nlanot. $« per
month ; rorne good pianos ecld for it, $1 and
« per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
et».. San Francisco; corner Broadway aad
Thirteenth Et.. Oakland.
OUR special "anniversary" 6aie is *tlll on; If
. you have net already bought we can make it
an object for you to come and see us; we
have uprights from f75 upward; you get low
prices for cash or payments. THE ZENO
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALL hirbest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
t sole scents for famous and oldest Araerl»*i
makes. inclu<5!r? Hallet-Davis; great bar-
pain list. $50 up; St«inway. $1SS up; Fischer.
HOC: Chiekcrlns. $165; Z0 other». rents $2 up:
great Inducements to aeent*. 217 Geary st.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
etrike hag placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in 6torace to be sold at Eastern fac-
tcry prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170C Market gt.
ANY piano 60ld by us taken back any tlm*
»ithin 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed oh a new peerless Kntbe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER t CHASE. » O"FaiTe:i
et.; established 1S50.
PIANOS— Steck, Everett. Hardman. Packard.
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
refcented: -wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market et. (opp. Mason);
branch rtore. 951 Broadway. Oakland. . .
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Pohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabier. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Soielman pianos to be had new
" only at BYRON MAUZY'S. SOS, S10. 312 Post.
A FINE upricht grand Spencer piano: almost
new; very cheap. Address box 420. Call.
WANTED— Upright piano, first class make
and condition; cash. 1933 Pine st.
$50— EMERSON and 7 bargain uprights and
baby grand. Fay's PJano Factory. 1^29 Mlssn.
LEFT on sale — Novella upright. $37; Steinway
upright, J1S. Room 38, 217 Geary Et.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Fine larsre 3-pedal up-
. rlgrht piiroo; leaving? city. 770 O'Farrell st.
6TEINWAY. $200; Hartrnan. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. S Flood bldg.
TLKOAXT piano as p<-od r.ts new: standard
.- make: r sacrifice. Horcung*B 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. rear Market-
. Er.onir.ger. tkhubcrt and Steinway bargains.
175 AND upward— Fine upriGhte. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church et».
A" PPICCIAL for this we?k-S4uO piano for $275.
BRUENX. 20S Post et.
ELEGANT n*-w uprieht planoy for rent, $3 per
" mb. KCOTT-CTJRTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Haye*.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
• MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
Gnoil w«oni-h»n(I upright for sale cheap.
PrTTMTTZ. It Mf-ATMyter rt.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
TENDERS are wanted for removing brick wall.
For information anplv at office of Risdon Iron
Works. Beale and Howard sts. -?
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
- TO Lease — 3 sunny lofts cr separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
¦ t>2y CrrLLIN'S, 500 Mission et.
OIL.
CIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; ail
tteets: cheap. Tl. S. WHITE. EU Mlsiion st.
IMI.M'liKS AM* DKCUUATOKS.
BOOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 315 3d: tel. Red 352L
PHYSICIASS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Orflce and residence,
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DE. WOKG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb Ooctor; sanitarium,
. . 764-766 Clay Et. ; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union SQuare; all diseases cured by herbs.
- PALMISTRY-
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; bead and face
reading; lessons given. <!17 Jonea st
rERSO.VALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
ctore gray and faded hair to natural color;
s«p falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
'.not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. , At drug-
' hairdressers cr our office, 385 Geary st.,
K. F. The Star Remedy Ca, phone Black 4835.
VOTICE— As my wife. ANITA MINER, has
lett my bed and board I will not be respon-
sible lor any bills contracted by her after this
, date. E. F. MIXER.
HAG carpets wove to order and for eale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
,. arwt twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
v - rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70? Fifth. Oakland.
JtVE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
* rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia et^ S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
fl WEEKLT — Suits txi order from genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress eults, $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
. A DY under 40 wishes acquaintance of elderly
gentleman of means; object matrimony; best
'references. Box 276. Call office.
WHITE enamel iron beds, ringle, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO." 1210-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
t>t?tvaTE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna at.
iu>KTVLEVS photo; beet In existence. P. K.
DANATstudio C32 Market St.
¦niTTin'sPennar'ent Superfluous Hair Remover at
d^igglstsThatrdressere-. Free trial. S35 Market.
A_if your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Pr.iro— oore. 832 O'Farrell; send for circular.
KTTPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
Metric needle, MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter rt.
TmjrciTY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THH
A' VID A CO.TtJ« Valencia St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
ni LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
P £rn^«re; 25c; all druggist..
".u^EDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
*hT£ „ TuTnatoral color; tl; at all drngglsta.
•TAILOR-MADE cults. $7 60; dress pants. $2 60.
MUflt Ctoth-> P&rtor. ~. Bush and Pnpont.
O* D eold etlver. diamonds and precious etones
bowht! J R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
SACKOW-r-FRIEDRICH— In this -¦ city, Sep-
tember 17, 1901, . by the Rev. .- Paul Branke,
Gustav Rackow and Laura Frledrlch. '
SULLIVAN-McCLOSKEY— In this city, Sep-
: tember 10, 1901, by the Rev. Father' William
P.' Kirby. Raymond Sullivan and Grace C.
McCloskey, both of San Francisco. : ,
rURNBULL-STURTEVANT— In this city, by
the Rev. L. C. Sanford, Thomas J. Turnbull
. and Leonora Sturtevant, both of San Fran-.-
Cisco. .-.-¦•
_______________
Anderson, Thomas Lausten, Anton
. Bergren, Llllie . Le Roy, "James
Cahill, Mrs. Fannie McAleer,- Frank
Cooper, John R. Moffatt, Elizabeth
Denny, Anastasla Moffatt, Jcesph 1
•Ench, Frank : Munsell, James
¦ Gamma, Albert- . Pendegastr- Maurice
Gebhardt. Anna M. Qulst, Alma T. -
Girard, Frank - R. Sheehan, James
Haskins. Walter I. Sullivan. Margaret
Hynes, John . Sullivan. Wm. T."
Isaacs/' Michael Wolf. Morris A.
Knowlton. William - , .
A.NDERSON-In this city, September 17, 1901.
Thomas Anderson, dearly beloved father of
Walter G. Anderson,- Mrs. Frank Fredericks,
Mrs. D. H. Vail and Mrs. H. M. Gorham. a
native of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 71
yeara and 7 months. - '-
Si IE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at, 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
•Hall, 121 Eddy- street, under the auspices of
Pacific. Lodse No. 136, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment private. ¦ . • ¦ '• ....,¦
BERGREN— Jn this city, Llllie Bergren., be T
loved daughter of Peter and Rose Bergren, a
native* of San .Francisco, aged 4 years, 1
month and 6 days. ~
CAHILL — A month's mind mass will be cele-
-brated at 9 o'clock to-morrow (Friday) morn-
ing for the repose of the soul of Mrs. Fannie
Cahill at Sacred Heart Church, Fillmore and
Fell streets, ..
COOPER— In this city, September 17, 1901, John
Raymond, dearly beloved- and youngest son
of Michael and Annie B. Cooper, grandson
of the late Mr. and Mrs. M. McQuaide, and
nephew of Rev. J: A. Cooper, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months. \
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullyinvlted to attend the funeral, which
.will take place = to-day (Thursday), at 11
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
1462 Guerrerq street. Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery. . ' .
DENNY— In this city. September 17, 1901, An-
astasia, wife of the late Charles A. Denny,
and beloved sister of James, John. George
and Maude Denny, a native of South Caro-
lina, ased 35 yeais. . t
ICTFuneral private. . . -
ENCH— In Oakland, September 17, 1901, Frank,
beloved husband of Pauline Ench, and father
of Henry, Frank, Josephine, Pauline, George
and Leo Ench, a native of Germany, aged
56 years and 8 months.- '
C7"Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1757 Tenth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Elks' Plat, Mountain View Ceme-
teiy. ¦' ' -. - . v.
GAMMA— In this city, September 17,/ 1901. Al-
bert, youngest and beloved son of Frank and
Bertha Gamma, brother. of Olga and Moritz
Gamma, and nephew of Edward and Minnie
Resli,^ a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months. ' ;
C^?"Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday),, at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 3550 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. •' .''.-
GEBHARDT— In this city, September 18, 1901,
Anna M., beloved wife of Wendel Gebhardt,
and mother of Lewis and Charles Gebhardt
and Mrs. Nettle Horwlnski, a native of Ger-
many, aged 73 .year*.
IH?"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Friday), at 1 -o'clock,- at her late
residence, 959 Howard street. Interment Cy-
prefs Lawn Cemetery.
GIRARD— In Oakland, Seotember 18. 1901,
Frank R. Girard, a native of Switzerland,
aged 59 years 1 month and 15 days.
HASKINS— In Mayfleld, Cal., September 17.
1901, Walter I. Haskins, a native of Con-
necticut, aged 42 years." , \ . .
HYNES— In this city, September 17, 1901. John,
beloved husband of the late Mary Hynes, and
father of William D. and George Hynes, a
native of Ireland, aged 72 years. v ..
[CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-da^
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter &.AVhite, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery: ..' -¦
ISAACS— In this city, SeDtember 17, 1901, Mich-
ael Isaacs, beloved father of Mrs. Louis
Levin, Mrs. A. Yehl of Oakland, I. Isaacs of
Portland and Henry, Sam, Alexander and
Morrl3 Isaacs of ¦ Tacoma, ! a native of
Schneidermeihl, Germany, aged : 76 years.
(Portland and Tacoma papers please copy.)
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral " to-day
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 508 Hyde street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
KNOWLTON— In this city, September 17, 1901,
AVilliam Knowlton. a native of New York,
ased 75 years. . j
LAUSTEN— In this . city, September 17. 1901.
Anton Lausten, beloved brother of Mrs. E.
Ward and Louis, Harry, Christ, Anna and
Lehnhard Lausten,' a native of Schleswig, i
Gesmany, aired. 23 years.' ..-.--. . ]
jn^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. In- j
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . . - ,
LE- ROY— In' this city, September 17. 1901, i
James, beloved son of Kate and the late ;
Philip LeRoy.a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 1 month and 11 days.
• (CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the. United' Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street, thence to -St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cfoss Cemetery. .
McALEER— In this city. September 18. 1901,
Frank, beloved husband of Julia. McAleer.
and father ot Ella, • Josephine and Mary L.
McAleer, a' native of Ireland.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MOFFATT— In this city. September 18, 1901.
Elizabeth, dearly- beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Julia Molfatt, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 6 days.
MOFFATT— In this city, September 18. ,1901.
Joseph, dearly beloved son of William and
Julia Moffatt. a ! native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 1 6 days.
MUNSELL— In Oakland, September 17, 1901.
James, husband of Jessie G. Munsell, and
father - of J. Roy Munsell and Mr3. F. M.
Colby; a native of New York, aged 63 years
5 months -and 6 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 21, at 2 o'clock, at Trin-
ity EniscoDal Church; corner Twenty-ninth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland. Interment
private.
PENDEGAST— In this city, September 18, 1901.
Maurice Pendegast, a native of Ireland, aged
1 60 years. , ' .
tc? Remains at the ¦ parlors of McFadden,
Mr.Brierty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
QUIST— In this city, September 18, ! 1901,
' Alma Theodora, " beloved daughter of John
and Josephine. Quist, and sister of Elsie
Christina Quist and the late May Josephine
and Jenny Louisa Quist. a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 j-ears 10 months and 11
days.
SHEEHAN— In this city, September 17, 1901,
James Sheehan, beloved son ' of the • late
James and Mary Sheehan, a native of Call-'
SULLIVAN— In this city. September 18. 1901.
Margaret, Infant daughter of Eugene an I
Lizzie Sullivan, and sister of Michael, James
and Eugens Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 23 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, September ' 17, 1901,
William T., beloved son of John and 4he late
Catherine Sullivan, and. dearly beloved
brother of James, John, George, Joseph,
Mamie. Maggie, Nellie and Nora Sullivan
and Mrs. Jamea Terrell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years.
U CTFrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Thurcday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 12D0 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' tery. . " -'• ¦ I - ¦ ' ¦ '¦ '•' " .
THE officers and members of^the Draymen's
and Teamsters' Union will assemble at B'nai
B'rith Hall . to-day (Thursday), at ' 8:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, ¦William Sullivan:. By order of
. D. W. KEATING. President.
WOLF— In this city, September 18. 1901, Morrla
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P- DONOVAN. Micr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
; Telephone South 80.
Mtv Olivet Cemetery,
;. ¦ - Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
-. J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly . with McGinn Bros., has ooened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,- I
••27 and 29 Fifth' St.; Tel. South 16T. I
FUNERAL DIRECT0R3 AND EM BALMERS I
Flnestlggulpment^ at j M<^* r *te '- Rates, - ; I
Eugene McGinn. : McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. ¦
.¦¦.•-. 31 EDDY STREET. : -
Telephone South 252.-. •;.. San ' Francisco."
- No Connection With Any Other House.
¦' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ I -¦
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
-Samuel McFadden, 18 years -manager Tor
the United Undertakers' Association;- M,
J. f McBrearty, with the same company for
. 10 years; , P. - F. ; Green, . late with J. ' C
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. • Telephone South . 44. < • .
PLAJflKG ASP TPRyiXQ MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont gt.
REAL ESTATE — -CITY— FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ;S^
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS!
We have wonderful bargains to offer.
$75. 5100 to $350— Best ocean boulevard and
level lots near Mission Bt. cars; $5 monthly.
£500 to SSOO— Graded and sewered, beautiful
Eunset lots; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H
street.
MOO to $800— Richmond lots: $10 monthly.
J3200 — Two-story residence. 9 rooms and
bath, Larkin St.. near Union st. cars; 2Sz
105:9.
11300 to $3000— Elegant modern cottages,
Eunset and Richmond districts; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
1350-LOTS 34, 35, 36, 37, block 33, City Land
Association. -
$325—25x112:6 N. S. Hearst ave.. between
Conpo and Detroit sts., Sunnyside Homestead.
$275—50x100, San Bruno road, near Cort-
land ave. JOOST, FISHER & CO.,
137 Montgomery St., take elevator.
I AM instructed to make a purchase of a
property on Valencia, Mission, Howard,
Guerrero or Dolores st., and-, ask owners
who wish to sell to submit properties on said
streets. W. J. GUXS, 630 California Et.
LOWER and upper, flats, 6 large rooms and
bath. 4 beautiful rooms in attic; elegant
grpunds; keeping- no expense to tenants; com-
pleted Sept. 25; large bay window in every
room; NW. cor. Portola and Duboce Park,
off. Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day: large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st.
FOR sale— Sacrifice; nice flats: Liberty st;
choice neighborhood. Owner, box 349, Call.
SIX. eeven and ei"ht room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe Ets.: hi. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro cr Guerrero-st. cars. F. NKL-
EON. builder.
SPLENDID bargain— Large double . house and
cottage; house 2S4-386 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 360S Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 2S0: Call.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Eutter County, short distance from
Marysvllle: all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land" will be eold in whole or in
part at a very lo-sr price; also 140 acre*, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; wen fenced: short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The* two abeve pieces
. are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
Icg district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 49S0, Call office,,
for information a bargain will be given.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and genera! farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
euburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large lict of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale; place for
sale or rent; chickens, hogs, horse, 6 will
wagon, etc.; about $430. C. WILMOTT. 816
Market st.
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache st., off Crescent ave.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE far— bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster, "Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for eale: write for
free list. C R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
* United States or Canada one vear for SI.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
'acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADYElfflSEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$;S0 cash, $6 monthly: lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
grand chicken run; 3. room cottage, chicken
house, sheds and all fenced; fine' well of Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electric
oar line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
lic grammar school; soil, climate and view
the very best; no tons nor cold winds here;
price, all told, $675. Call or send for circular,
455 7th St.. opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
HOUSES of every description and price fot
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10."
OAKLAM) FL'RMTURE FOR SALE.
AK introduction to you from H. Scnellhaaa, t&o
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR' HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let; gas and bath.
GEARY. S13%— Two, three or four furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, gas range.
HOWARD, 1058— Nice room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping. .
HOWARD. 1703— A nicely furnished bay-win-
- dow room for housekeeping; also single one.
LEAVENWORTH. 1010— Two large nicely fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas.
MINNA, 434— Large furnished • housekeeping
room for 1 or 2, $6.
NEW modern apartment house; suites of 3
rooms for housekeeping. Malor Flats, 531
Turk st.
O'FARRELL. 332 — A handsomely furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms; light housekeeping If de-
sired.
POLK, 1002—2 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeepinK; cheap; reference.-
SHIPLEY, 262^ — 3 good housekeeping rooms un-
furnished^
SIXTH. 24J— 1 to 3 nice rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms.
THE Bell, 1773 Market— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms, gas range. {10; one single, $6.
TURK. E25— Solar flats, fine, new, Chicago
style; 3 and S room suites for housekeeping;;
Unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
WALLER. 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory;
hot and cold water; bath; gas; grate; marine
view; al»o sunny bedroom; private; 115 for 2;
tis for ?3. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia gt.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best W a
day. family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2Sc to |i per night; $1 25 to 15 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 2S4 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny:
grill attached; country visitors Una no place
like the Argyle; take Me A Ulster- st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated: 25c to 75c. Jl to $3 week.
A— OCTAVIA, 28. 1 block from Market— Large
room. 10x10, for single gentleman; $8 month.
BACHELOR Hotel! 18 Mason Bt.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 60 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
first-class: quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (Old No. 1361)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 2026 — Large sunny alcove bedroom in
. small family; . reasonable; reference.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished cunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 732— Nice clean room; private family;
breakfast optional; central; modern flat.
ELLIS. 639." cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished room,
folding bed; for L S6; 2. $8.
GEARY,' 405, The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
euites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 621— Sunny furnished
reoms: reasonable. • • -
HOTEL "ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market — Central -location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
tOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; beet in the city; references;
take Market-at. cable cars to Turk et.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.The debonair heart-breaker, swindler
and alleged bigamist was -not at all de
pressed by the testimony introduced to
prove his guilt, but, on- the contrary,
seemed greatly pleased at the discomfiture
his attorney, Frank J. ,Murphy, caused
District Attorney Byington and the pretty
Norine Schneider and her.mother.
SIR HARRY WESTWOOD COOP
ER, or Ernest Moore Chadwick,
as he is also known, Is again try
ing to convince a jury, this time
before Judge Lawlor, that he is
not guilty of forging the telegram that
led Miss Norine Schneider to marry him
at Crockett several months ago.
J. H. Lothrop, appointed general-agent of the
St. Louis territory, headquarters at St. Louis,
Mo. "Will have immediate supervision of the
St. Ixnils territory and the general direction
of • the southeast territory for Union Pacific
traffic. He will report on Union Pacific traffic
to the freight traffic manager and general pas
senger agent, respectively, of the Union Pacific
at Omaha. On Southern Pacific traffic, Atlan
tic System and Texas lines, to the freight traf
fic manager and passenger traffic manager, re
spectively, of these lines, at Houston, Texas.
With respect to the Pacific System. Southern
Pacific, to the freight traffic manager and pas-
Manager McCormick gave out for pub
lication the following circular, issued by
Traffic Director J.C. Stubbs. It is the
result of the recent changes in the pas
senger and freight traffic departments
following the consolidation of the various
offices of the Harriman lines;
-... ,.,- „- ;' _ j CHICAGO. ; August 20, 1901. ;
"W; G. ' Nelmjer, appointed general agent,
headquarters Chicago. Will have Immediate
supervision of the . Chicago territory and gen
eral'direction of agencies in Pittsburg, Cincin
nati and Detroit territories. He will report
on Union . Pacific traffic to the freight traffic
manager and the general passenger agent,'re
spectively, ol the Union Pacific at Omaha. On
Southern Pacific traffic, Atlantic System and
Texas lines, to the freight traffic manager and
passenger traffic manager, respectively, of
these lines at Houston. With respect to Pa
cific System, Southern Pacific, to the freight
traffic manager and passenger traffic manager,
respectively, at San Francisco.
Agents and Tlieir Territories.
The division of colonist rates between
the . transcontinental and Eastern lines
has been satisfactorily settled and the
same rates will prevail this coming sea
son. "The exact date of these rates be
coming effective has not yet been settled
upon, but it i will be some time in the late
fall or early spring. Last season over
20,000 people were brought into the State
on these colonist tickets. ¦¦¦ It is not known
how many of them settled here, but, as
the tickets were all one way fares, it is a
fair supposition that a large proportion
remained here. The rates in auestion are
$30 frcm Chicago, $25 from Omaha and
Kansas City and $27 50 from St. Ixmis,
Memphis and New Orleans.
Colonist Kate Advantages.
All of those attending these conventions
are representative, substantial citizens
and will do much toward the prosperity
of the places they visit. Some idea may
be had of .the advantages \ that accrue
from these, immense excursions when one
is told that at the recent meeting of the
Mystic Shriners in- Toronto . the . local
banks did a business of $1,500,000 in excess
of their usual amount. The recent meet
ing of, the Knights Templar in Louisville
brought over I&00.000 to that city.
The Kpworth Leaguers who have ; re
turned to their homes are loud in their
praises of California, its climate, peopfe
and. scenery, and they are doing much to
advertise the -Pacific. Coast '.as , an ideal
place of permanent residence..- . • • - •
In speaking of the other conventions se
cured for this State Manager McCormick
mentioned the fact that the Southern-Pa
ciiic ., Company nad secured ' the ¦ Episco
palians, who are about due here ana who
expect -to come about 7000 strong.,; Tne
Women's Clubs Convention has.beeji se
cured for Los Angeles in May -next. It
will bring about 50W visitors to the State.
The Mystic Shriners meet here next year
and they expect a representation of over
8000. The Knights Templar will hold their
next triennial conclave here. Thia will not
take place,, however, until some, time in
1904.- ¦ •:-<;•*••*.••: • ¦' - :-.¦•¦' * - ¦¦¦
In speaking of traffic matters in general
Manager McCormick said that California
was fast becoming as popular a summer
resort as it is a winter, one. People are
beginning to appreciate the evenness of
the climate of this State and to awaken
to the fact that it offers as comfortable
a refuge from the fierce heat of an East
ern summer as it does from the pneumo
nia-breeding winds of an Eastern winter.
He says that he se'es no reason why sum
mer travel in the near future should not
fully equal the winter travel of the past.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. . Mc-
Cormick of the Southern Pacific Company
has returned to the city after an absence
of about two months. When questioned
yesterday concerning the changes in the"
presidency of the company -and the prob
able retirement of some of the lesser ex
ecutive officers McCormick said he was
in entire ignorance of the intentions of his
superiors j in these ' matters and | that all
he knew of the rumored changes was
what he had read in the papers. •
Number of Large Conven
tions Have Been Secured ¦
for the Coast.'
E. O.McCormick Returns
From the East and
Talks Traffic. ¦",
COLONIST RATES
TO BE RESTORED
SHARP LETTER
TO GOVERNOR
* Board of Trade Accuses
Him of Dodging the
• Issue.
Also Finds Inconsistency in
Position of the Ex
• ecutive.
General Chipman, as president of the
State Board of Trade, has addressed a
stinging letter to Governor Gage. Therein
the Governor is accused of dodging the
issue that the State Board raised when it
expressed the opinion that protection
ought to be given to those who stood
ready to handle grain at Port Costa. The
general uses sarcasm in a passage as fol
lows:
Your elaborate exposition of the duties of
the executive and the limitations placed upon
him by the constitution and laws of the State
is wholly gratuitous, since nothing in the
memorial called for such treatment.
There is a sting: in the concluding para
graph, which reads as follows:
It is to be regretted that this phase of the
matter, wholly of your own creation, took
f>uch possession of your mind that you en
tirely overlooked the prayer of the memorial.
As the letter from Governor Gage \ was
addressed to General Chipman and Secre
tary Dennison of the State Board of
Trade, General Chipman has answered for
the board. The text of his communica
tion is as follows:
Text of Stinging Letter.
SAN FRANCISCO. S£pt. 18, 1D01.
Hon. Henry T. Gage, Governor of Califor
nia. Sacramento, Cal. — Sir: Your reply to the
memorial of the California State Board of
Trade is Just received. You have so entire
ly misconceived and misstated the object of
the memorial that in justice to the board I
feel impelled to notice your communication.
An examination of . the memorial will dis
close no suggestion whatever that you call
out the militia, or that you resort to \ any
particular remedy in aid of the fanners who
are unable to move their grain because of
the pending strike. Tour elaborate exposition
of the duties of the executive and the limita
tions placed upon him by the constitution and
laws of the State is wholly gratuitous, since
nothing in the memorial called for such treat
ment. The memorial had no other object than
to call attention to the conditions which were
believed to exist and were resulting in great
loss and damage to the farming industry of
the State. A belief was expressed that if pro
tection could be given to those who stood
ready to handle the grain of the State at
Port Costa all turther embargo on grain move
ments would at once cease, and within a rea
sonable time and before the rainy season had
commenced the grain of the State could be put
under shelter in the warehouses. It was an
unwarranted assumption on your part that
you were expected forthwith to call cut the
militia; nothing was further from the thought
of the board than that. The conditions to
which reference was made were such as
seemed to the board to call for investigation
at least, and it was but reasonable to ask
a.t your hands the application of such remedy
as v.-ould give "all who wished to work the
protection of our laws, if they were not now
receiving such protection. Hence the prayer
cf the memorial:
Admission by GoVemor.
"We therelore respectfully request at your
hands such investigation of the facts as may
disclose to the executi\-e mind the necewary
remedy and the earliest practical .application
of such remedies."
If I do not misinterpret your reply, your po
sition is that you are powerless to interfere
In any way, except upon the request of the
Sheriff of Contra Costa County, and upon
euch showing by him as brings the case with-
Sn your conception of your power under the
constitution and laws. You quote the Sheriff
as saying: "If the Board of Supervisors of
Contra Costa County will defray the expenses
of p° ss e comitatus I believe the trouble would
Boon be ended." Here is certainly an admis
sion that there is trouble requiring official
intervention of some character, and if given,
euch trouble "would socn be ended."
I do not vouch- for its truth, but it is etated
that a cbmmittee * of farmers of the State
composed of William Beckmann. J. Craig and
J. H. Rice, all well known citizens of this
.State, have recently called upon the Sheriff
of Contra Costa County for protection to labor
in handling the grain at Port Ccsta; that the
Sheriff made answer, as he did to you, that
he could take care of the situation If the
Supervisors would pay the expense, which he
has no assurance they will do. It appears,
therefore, that the Sheriff of Contra Costa
County is as helpless as you confess yourself
to be. Under the circumstances the farmers'
committee, it is stated, have determined to
recommend to the fanners that they come to
Port Costa with their men and in such force
as to be able to protect themselves. It it. to
be hoped that if the officers of the law can
find no justification for securing the safety
of men who desire to work they will at least
find no warrant for Interfering to prevent
those ircm working who desire to work and
stand ready to protect themselves.
•The board expressed no opinion, and has
none, as to who are responsible for the pres
ent situation. It respectfully Invited your at
tention to the condition and not its origin.
The board did not request you to call out the
militia, or to substitute military for civil au
thority. The discussion of these questions by
you was therefore not called for by the me
morial. It Is to be regretted that this phase
of the matter, wholly of your own creation,
look such possession of your mind that you
entirely overlooked the prayer of the memorial.
Blncerely yours. N. P. CHIPMAN,
President California State Board of Trade.
Lake Tahoe for Eight Fifty.
.Special train excursion leaving San
"Francisco 8 a. m., Saturday. October 5.
Daylight trip through scenery of Sierras,
arriving Lake Tahoe for dinner. Very
low hotel rates. Tickets good for a week
on regular trains - returning. Fishing,
hunting, boating at their best. Free lit
erature €13 Market street. Round trip,
Including lake journeys, $8 50.
New Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed as follows
yesterday: Margaret E. Monahan against
Joseph E. Monahan, cruelty; Lillian Sher
lock ag-ainst Thomas 'H. Sherlock, deser
tion; Mae Miller ag^Jnst George Miller,
failure to provide: Charles P. Wilson
against Mary Wilson, desertion; Adeline
Picard against Frank ! Picard, desertion;
Margaret Montgomery against Samuel M.
Montgomery, cruelty, aud Etella M. Cohen
against Richard Cohen, desertion.
"SIR" HARRY WESTWOOD COOPER
IS AGAIN ON TRIAL FOR FORGERY
THE SAN FKANCISCOJCALL-THUESDAT, SEPTEMBER 19, 190i;
THREE TOUNG WOMEN ENGAGED IN THE PROSECUTION OF '"SIR" HARRY WESTWOOD COOpiR WHO
Start October 3 or 4 and return In December.
Full particulars regarding Pan- American . Ex
cursion tickets, which : - cost only : $87 for • the
round trip, at the Santa Fe office. 641 Market
Street. . ' " . ' •
Best Time of Year to Go, East.
Agnes Mangels and Frederick Tillmann
Jr., executors of the estate of Emma L.
S Mangels, who died August 24, 1900, peti
tioned 'the -.Superior "Court yesterday to
appoint \ an appraiser to M determine the
amount^ of | money , which ; should , be paid
by the heirs as collateral Inheritance tax.
The estate is valued at more than $300,000.
Want Inheritance Tax Fixed.
j The Southern Pacific Company. notified
the Board of Works yesterday that it will
; be unable to move its. tracks to a position
•about six feet west of the center line .of
1 Illinois street as required by the City En
gineer in order to allow the completion
1 of the paving at Illinois and Napa streets.
iThe reason assigned is that if placed in
such a position it will interfere with the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Railway
Company in the construction of its tracks
on. Illinois street. The Southern Pacific
Company requests thafthe location of- its
tracks be not changed until arrangements
can be made for joint use of the tracks by
the two companies. - ¦ .-
Tracks on Illinois Street.
. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger delivered last
evening at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art his first of the series of free lectures
now being given by the University of Cal
ifornia. The lecture was in the nature of
a general introduction to those that are
to follow on "The Literary History of the
Old Testament." The reverend gentleman
cut away from the usual orthodox man
ner of handling the subject and gave an
interesting narration. of the law, the his
tory and tradition and the poetry of the
Bible. The lecturer said that probably
the greatest difficulty we have in getting
a clear understanding of the Bible is
caused by the fact that it is an Oriental
work, written in an Oriental language
and atmosphere, and comes to us, an Oc
cidental/people, translated into an Occi
dental tongue, and that a literal transla
tion is therefore next to the impossible.
The lecture was attended by a cultured
and attentive audience. As factors in
public education too much cannot be said
about this work of the university, arid the
large attendance and .interest displayed
promise well for the rest of the series.
Dr. Voorsanger's Lecture.
Wants Actor Thompson Jailed.
A suit was filed yesterday by George D.
Collins, attorney . , for Mrs.r Josephine
Greer, demanding that" W. H.^ Thompson,
an j a S toi l ln the Ann e Russell company, be
ad judged of grand larceny," and
that, he be confined in the County. Jail
}" <&!<> ?^ ys i Mrs ' Greer - hls mother-in
law, $7422o alleged to be-due her on a
judgment. Thompson Is at present in the
southern part of the State.
iu rm \* Mrs - Schneider denying constantly
, that it was understood to be an engage
ment, ring. • ; ¦ : °
' The pretty Norine,' arrayed in the latest
fashion and having ,a Gainsborough to
surmount all, rustled up to the stand. She
told her, tale of woe and the deceit prac
ticed upon her in a faint and hesitating
way, and also insisted that the diamond
ring was not an engagement ring, but was
called address ring by' ?'Sir" Harry. She
denied a having been engaged to ; the de
fendant/and was 'then tangled up consid
erably by Attorney. Murphy. She was
asked if she would marry a perfect
stranger upon the receipt . of a telegram
such as the one purporting to come from
I "^^V She replied that she would
To h *T h ? n M urphy tried to have her ad
,mit that her acquaintance • with "Sir"
.Harry had something to do with her mar
ryinghim, but his efforts to get an intel
ligible answer proved futile.
Murphy had objected throughout the
hearing- to the introduction of all tele
grams, especially the one reading, "Do as
Ernest tells you at once." v .
;, He contended • that this was a most
harmless telegram and on its face showed
,"° intent to deceive. Judge Lawlor
thought otherwire and admitted it as evi
dence. -
The further hearing of the- case was
; continued •¦ until Friday- morning at 11
o clock. ¦ . ,
Auditor Wells filed his annual report for
1900-01. yesterday with the Mayor. The re
port shows that. the demands outstanding
against the various funds on June 30, 1900,'
amounted to $534,401 71; demands audited,
$5,635,644 77; total, $6,190,046 48; 'demands
paid, $5,684,094 03; : demands canceled,
$438 9S; demands outstanding, $485,513 47.
The financial condition of the treasury is
shown in the following statement: :
Moneys paid into treasury, $9,445,968 34;
sinking fund, park panhandle bonds, from
taxes, $120,851 08; sinking . fund,, sewer
bonds, from taxes, $2791 93; sinking fund,
school bonds, from taxes, $3150 78; sinking
fund, hospital bonds, from taxes, $1595 39;
total, $9,574,397 52. . . /
Auditor Files Annual Report.
In the afternoon Attorney Murphy was ¦
full of all, kinds of objections, and the'
court ruled in his favor generally. When
the attractive Mamie • Schneider was ;
placed on the 3tand and asked about "Sir"
Harry's statements to her sister, Murphy
objected and finally convinced Judge Law
lor that the District Attorney was pro
ceeding irregularly to prove the sending
of a forged telegram. ¦¦-¦''- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ , •
She was withdrawn and Mrs. Marie
Schneider was called. The mother of the
pretty Misses Schneider , denied having
sent or authorized any one to send the'
telegram that caused. all the trouble and
which read: ¦¦¦<¦ .-.¦ ¦ >/. .
/ "Nora Schneider— Do as Ernest. tells you
at once. MARIE SCHNEIDER."
Then the $250 diamond ring which "Sir"
Harry gave Norine prior ) to the sending
of the telegram and which was returned
to him when the falsity of his tales con
cerning his vast estates in England- were
learned by the mother was . brought into
question. -•.-.*
Mrs. Schneider said the. versatile "Sir"
Harry had called it a dress. ring. ....
Attorney Murphy sought an explanation
but could not fathom the meaning of the
phers at' Vallojo Junction, where 'the
Schneiders formerly resided; and to the
identification of "Sir" Harry's, writing as
displayed in a letter he had- written
while in the County. Jail to a reader of
hands. .. . • . ' . ' -...',. . •
The forenoon session was devoted to the
hearing of the testimony of Theodore
Kytka, a hafldvrriting expert, of telegra-
' The Redwood Park Commissioners will
go to the , Great Basin in Santa Cruz
County to-morrow for the purpose of
looking over the basin and determining
what lands are suitable for a Sequoia
Sempervirens Park or reservation to be
acquired by the State. \ They will bs ac
companied by an advisory committee of
expert timber men, including Hervey
Lindley, General N. P. Chlpman, ¦ W. ¦ W.
Van Arsdale, Drury Melc-ne and Robert
Dollar. There will probably be no selec
tion at this time for the. reason that no
part of the $250,000 appropriated by the
; Legislature will be available until -next
January. , . :
termine Upon Site for Sequoia
Sempervirens Park.
Commissioners and Appraisers to De-
EXPERTS WILL VISIT
GREAT BEDW00D BASIN
United States District Judge de Haven
dismissed the proceedings in habeas
corpus Tuesday instituted on behalf of
John F. Corriea, convicted recently in the
Police Court of having had more than
fifty wild doves in his possession on one
calendar day. Corriea contended in his
petition that that portion of the State
game law was in violation of the consti
tution of the United States.
Judge de Haven said that In his opinion
the State law did not violate the Federal
constitution. He was of the opinion, how
ever, that the law was passed in the Inter
est of sportsmen's clubs and that the
Legislature should not have passed it and
: the- Governor should not have signed it,
but" as it was. not in conflict ,vjith the Fed
eral constitution he had no jurisdiction in
the matter. ' Corriea was ordered re
manded into custody.
Jurisdiction to Pas3 "Upon Its
Validity.
Federal Courts, However, Have No
COHSH>EBS WILD DOVE LAW
IS TJNWISE LEGISLATION
St. Paul and Minneapolis territory will be
handled by the general offices of the Union
Pacific Railroad at Omaha with respect to all
business except Texas. New Mexico and Ari
zona. The business for these territories will
be bandied by the Chicago agency.
J.- C. STUBBS. Traffic Director.
Sioux City and its territory -will be handled
by the general offices of the Union Pacific
Railroad at Omaha. , .
H. G. Kaill. assistant general freight and
passenger agent, Union Pacific Railroad, will
have charge of Kansas City territory, with
headquarters at Kansas City, Mo. He will
report on Union Pacific traffic to the freight
traffic manager and the general passenger
agent, respectively, of the Union Pacific at
Omaha. On Southern Pacific traffic, Atlantic
System and Texas lines, to the freight traf
fic manager and passenger traffic manager, re
spectively, of thesef lines at Houston. With re
spect to the Pacific System, Southern Pacific
traffic, to the freight "traffic manager and pas
senger traffic manager, respectively, at San
Francisco. . ¦ -
H. W. Nathan, appointed general agent of
the Southeastern territory, with headquarters
at Atlanta. For all Southern Pacific and Texas
lines' traffic he will report to freight traffic
manager and passenger traffic manager, re
spectively, at Houston, ' Texas. For all Union
Pacific traffic he will report to the general
acent at St. Louis.*
\V. H. Connor, appointed general agent of the
Cincinnati territory, with headquarters at Cin
cinnati. He will report on all traffic to the
general agent at Chicago.
. G. G. Herring, appointed general agent of the
Detroit territory, with headquarters at Detroit.
He will report on all traffic to the general
agent at Chicago.
F. B. Choate, appointed general agent of the
Pittsburg territory, ¦with h€-adquarter» at
Pittsburgh "Will report \o the general agent at
Chicago upon all traffic except the traffic of
that portion of his territory which is east of
the line of the. Allegheny Valley Railway to
Oil City, thence the Western New York and
Pennsylvania Railway and Buffalo, Rochester
and Plttsburg Railway to Buffalo, for which
he .will report, for the present, to assistant
general traffic manager, Southern Pacific Com
pany,' New York.
Other Important Consolidations.
sengrer traffic manager, respectively, at San
Francisco.
So the trial went on, with' the unfolding
of the oft-repeated tale of how Norine
Schneider was deceived by. a telegram
purporting to come from her mother into
marrying "Sir" Harry.
Ethel Young, the Brisbane wife of "Sir"
Harry, was not called as a witness, and it
is not likely that she will be given an op
portunity to testify unless he is Indicted
for bigamy. The prosecution was in hopes
that Attorney Murphy would. object to the
testimony of Norine Schneider on the
ground that she was the wife of "Sir"
Harry. Then the District Attorney would
usher in Esther Young- and prove by her
that Norine Schneider was not the wife of
the defendant, but that Miss Young was.
Miss Young has a -dark tale to . unfold
about the life of "Sir" Harry, but Attor
ney Murphy was shrewd enough to avoid
having It presented at this time. =
14
¦> -v _ j •
3DAYS' SPECIALS ! <i
FRIDAY, SATDBDAY, MONDAY.
OUR STORE BEINO CLOSED TBTCRS-
DAT WE "WILL GIVE OUR PATR0N3
ADVANTAGE OS* THESE PRICES
FOR THREE DATS TO MONDAY
EVENING. DURING WHICH TIME
WE INVITE ALL WHO ARE LOOK-
ING FOR GOOD THINGS AT "BAR-
GAIN PRICES" TO CAIjI*
GBAPE-NUTS, pfcgTT. 12£c
A brain and nerve) food. — *¦--' *
Regularly _ 15c - - .
BUHER, £ e n a c £ery. square 371c
Uneeda Biscuit, A National
Uneeda Milk Biscuit, I Biscuit
Kennedy's Oysterettes, t Co.
Za-Za Snaps,* J pkg..5c
'All regularly 10c
JAMS, New, jar .15c
Strawberry. Raspberry ani Blackberry.
Regularly 20c.
ATLAS OATS, 3 pkgs 25c
A delicious Breakfast Mush.
Regularly 10c pkg.
PEERLESS ICE-CREAM FREEZER—
The most practical Freezer made.
Freezes cream in 3 minutes.
1 qt. 2 qt. 3 qt. 4 qt « qt.
Special— $l.lir> ?J.TO )Jtt.i>5 f3^5 fS.8O
Regular— n 70 $220 |2 SO $2 95 (375
BALDWIN BRANDY, bot........ 75c
Gallon $3.50
Pure Grape Brandy. .
Vintage 1882, - • ,»,
Regularly $i 23 and $5 00. „. (ft.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED AND CARE-
FULLY FILLED.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
- .. TELEPHONE MAIN* 5322.
¦ ¦ ¦ .< ¦'•'*¦
STUCK IN THE MUD.
You will be as surely stuck, if you
put your money into a poor, cheap ve-
hicle made by irresponsible manufac-
turers, who do not even put their name
on the vehicle they manufacture. ~*T
Four hundred vehicles shown on. our -
floor.
STTJDEBAKHff
Rros. Company
Market and Tenth Sts.
1 tV VAN VROOJW" I
I • PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, : B
I 100! MARKET, Cor. 6th. I
SO prominent buslnes'a men ' sent as referen<-Jr~
For parUculars eddresa PHTSIdAN, bli
U50. CaU ofilce.
i ¦;.- If ' your doctor ', prescribes whiskey, order
Jesse Moore every time. . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
PARLOR SUITES!
The very latest fads and styles in
Mahogany,:- with Velours of Silk.Bro-
. catelle; all' colors, beautiful designs
and patterns and prices to please any
purse. We carry an immense line of
Carpets, Linoleums and Mattings; .in
.fact, furnish your. house complete.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
1 ' (Incorporated), .•
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, San Kranclsco. '
We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
FLAmmARION
OF»ER/V AISO RACE
GLASSES.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' . : i' ..'. • '. " ¦ : - ¦'-
Made under the supervision of the cele-
brated, astronomer. . .
Quick Repairing. . ' . Factory 03 premises.
Phone Main 1O.
-¦;-.. •-.•;; ¦ . k hqiuu Scientific -
642 Mark e t 5t. instruments \
¦, unpcp cmpomicie nun.oiN'6. Catalogue Free. •
DR. G.B. SUSSDORFF, (
Late Superintendent Physician City ( ;
. and County Hospital. /.
.MENTAL, AND NERVOUS • DISEASES. V
SPECIFIC TREATMENT ; : \
For UQUOR I and j MORPHINE . HABITS. A'
. .; Twenty .- Years' ." Experience. ¦
'. Patlenti ' may be treated at home or prt-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building. ' •
105 Eili> St., near Powell. Hours. 19 to 12 )
a. ni. > :!,to 4 p.m.' . \
&?&&&Bz$M "Presents more than Three 'BM^^^^P??'H
W'^^m^M Hundred and F^ty Cents. It
Bt^'-W^te represents satisfaction or dis- ' W^WfB^^^m
HlV -.v^>368? v i^B satisfaction, according to the §£#$ ¦K£r*%£* : -^il
a^'^i^iS^r^'M service it gives its owner. In \&%*t3m&&&Z&m'
B > i*^>B^'^<| shoe s we are able, in our $3.50 K^V^;«^vi^'B
m^MZml- raPAMMEOT, to make it |##&i@l
E'-"^T •..*?« #£*%f£| represent satisfaction, where I-i-^i^B'^^'^'fi
kg -:'-^^£(^^%l others would give only dissatis- -X'siMffi-
B •'¦i'-'-M i&^^wi faction. This is because every k&Irsw r^£fi
1 *''*M P'W/l one mu . st make a profit. Big I$3»$fi L^ftll
m"'-' t ' : B £$H$M stores like ours, by reducing the lr??^f B$Sj??9
E''"' : a '&PmI profit on each pair of shoes, . \0£?%
m.'-'TJa lititti make more on the increased \$$£y$ Wk$W
H'-fil %^'}M total sales. In addition to this llt'f.^fi S^t-H
K ''Wi l^ e * actor i es which supply us W/^€^ Ra^H
B 'is ;P~^M can P roduc e fine footwear at a I->^ 114^11
85**1 \>$Wm lower cost than any of their »£-$• W^'M
E:;.-f? W$$S& competitors. The result is we W^ZM 'ft-ii
W?t£ S&^a °? n &1Ve yOU a P erfectl y comfort- w£??v Wf'-JB
I -^K^ii^^ " " m /O7~i// ffearny+sJr 1
I Martyred President, |
M Whoso Memory We Honor To-day. M
«i He was God's man — one of earth's noblemen, ||
H evsr true to principle, ever loyal to duty. His
H life of love, devotion and sacrifice is one of the ||
el richest heritages of the American people. M
HI The strength and beauty of his character is §J
Hi • mora clearly manifest and more potent in the ||
pa world's affairs to-day than evor. His greatness f*.
R§ will grow as we get farther from him. |i
H ? As we bow in grief over our' loss M
H I may we see in his life an incentive to . K|
Wl n&>. higher citizenship and nobler living— I |]J
13 Ib^ thus God's will shall be accomplished. '' . IL |if
£9 J!^*Nv\\sS> * * It >Xm ' mSm