PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCI3CO, : \YED:NESI^Y^
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 166;
f^CENES of almost unprc-
enthusiasm marked
the President's reception yes
terday. Streets on the line of pa
rade we're thronged with diccring
multitudes. Illumination at night
and the public reception and formal
welcome to the city completed a red
letter day.
j J~? OR the second day of Presi
j[~^, dent McKinley's visit in
San Francisco the folloiving
weather forecast is made:
; "San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled. weather Wednes
day; ' brisk westerly winds, with
fog-' '¦'¦'¦¦¦¦•¦-¦' '¦ ¦'•¦
"ALEXANDER G.McADIE,
"Forecast Official"
AT TWO O'CLOCK THIS MORNING a statement was given out from the Scott residence that the condition of Mrs. McKinley is such that it is thought
it will be impossible for her to he removed in less time than three weeks; The President under no « circumstances will leave his wife for any
length of time. This means that unless conditions change the trfp beyond San Francisco wiH be abaridJDned., In fact, it is p
President will go to the State University at Berkeley to-day. r l he President desires to, visit the^ State^University and the Stanford University,
and also to take part^in the launching of the battleship Ohio. :
His devotion to his wife will not permit him to leave her for more than a : ;few hours at a time.: As ; far as the general public functions are
concerned, the Pres^gent feels that the people of San Francisco have seen him and that he has done trie Ibest under the unforeseen circumstances of
his wife's iilness. • The President is of the opinion that the social functions arranged for him can be abandoned,; and that no disappointment will be
felt in consequence. 1 he President considers that he can sacrifice many of the social f unctions arranged -in this city, especially as tn
no part in them. i • " J - • ...'.-.'.'.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY MAY W^^MMM^M^^^^^M^ ILLNESS OF HIS WIFE
PRESIDENT McKINLEY IS SPLENDIDLY
WELCOMED, BUT WIFE'S ILLNESS WILL
PROBABLY END HIS TOUR THIS CITY
¦ VEXTS scheduled for tu-day are rs follows: 8:3O a. m., nnveilJnjr of Donahue fountain; D:3O
H a. m.. President embark* on revenue cutter Golden Gate for Oakland mole; 1O:15- n. m., . com-
B A riencement University of California, DerUcley; 12:GO i>. m-, Innclieon nt residence of President
D ' Wbeelcr; -:30 p. m., President and party depart for Oakland in carriage*; 3iOO p. m.. recep-
I , tlon nt residence of Senator PerUins; 4<OO i». m.. parade to steps of Oakland High School; open.
" ~ n f r reception for public; 5tOU p. m.. President leaves Oakland in SZocnni for Snn Francisco;
5:30 p »»•» President arrives in San Francisco; O:OO r.. in., for visiting: Congressmen, drive to Golden
Gate Park, ocean beach and Cliff Iloase; lunch nt CliC House; retarn liy way of Point Lobos Slwnnl
Station and the Presidio; 3:OO p. m., Pontofflcc Department employes* reception to , Postmaster General
Smith, nave of Ferry depot; 8:OO p. m.. Union Lcacac banqnet. Palace Hotel, ta Governor .Nash; HtOl)
m. AVnter and Forest Association banquet to Secretary Wilson | 8 iOO p. m., postoffice employes' han
net'to Postmaster General Smith at Delmonlco's; 10:00 p. m., trip tlironsh Cliinatovrn for. visiting;
Congressmen. '. ¦ v
PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY'S EVENTS.
\ Continued *on Second Page.
SCENE iNi THE FERRY BUILDING VKHBRE--THE PRESIDENT MET THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY.
-^- i ¦»- IL.LJAM McKINLET, President of the United _' States,: the guest
.i_M..;, .. Jk ..._.^^bX.:SajiLlEian^scoT^uch^wiasl:the'.:sentlment_pr.esent_in - every-
/% / V n^nd. yesterday, -attuning all; to a harmony ; that made San
r % /' % '/'•' y Francisco's; "wefcomipTo'the nation's 'chief genuine^ whole-souled
'•'.'. %/' ; %/ .',-. ;. and.' enthusiastic, to . a! degree j possible . only I because u the '. people'
T T ¦¦''¦"¦ love' ¦W"llliam^McKlnl€firthe'man;no less than they pay homage
.... . ;. — ,..__ to-the*hlgh"onlce"he"S67worthllyrfllis*"^The'receptifin ac
• -. l[<- ;the< city^s ,;dlat.ln^sh^;e^yst^w'as 1 :.hoVlpeVfunptory Wd ; vet-not:
adulatory. . It | was ; a' warm-hearted \welco'me','kiven to j a'_ manj. of \ the people ;Whom
the people ' dellght'itev honor , and whose present .pre-eminence, a ] gift ' of the j people,
carries with it. the. reverential ; a-i.ectloh of his countrymen. :V ¦" - ' :
' If * any predicted ; that" the reception 'would * lack 'because of th» .
President's previous and unofficial entrance to the city, -they were shown to be
._ false. prophets, even .before McKlnley*s- foot -touched the-planking of the railroad
depot platform, and none, even^the most ardent and demonstrative of his personal
'friends.' among San' Francisco* s'publio men. could: have hoped for such an out
,':¦ pouring, of people,' such 'demonstrations, such entire genuineness of feeling as was
-manifested from the 'moment that unfurling flag and bursting bomb announced
"" the" President's" arrival.""" •
. •; •;. It was a great reception" from the' moment the Presidential train rolled Into
> the depot until late at night when the President was ditren homeward through
./; brilliantly, illuminated streets thronged with cheering thousands— a reception that
seemed a glittering avenue of light, brilliant as the sun, col
ored like the rainbow and reachiug far away until each lamp
was a tiny spark and each glorious arch a narrow, gleaming
band. . •- 1 ¦*
Down the center of the hall was stretched a wire netting,
dividing the space into two way3. Again the western side
was divided at the entering stairway and on Into the street
the division was carried, so as to catch the crowd before it
became unmanageable and turn it into the way it should' go.
The idea was that the people: should come in through tha
stairway, turn ". to the south and walk down' to the end and
past the President's stand," then turning to the . north walk the
length of the nave ; and turn again to the south until the stair
way was reached again- .Then ';the. hope was that the people
would go out. into the street and lose 1 themselves.
The wire netting was - dotted with pink geraniums, wreaths j
and garlands of green. At the upper end and just before the
..President's position, was.a.mlniature.of.the Ohio, its shrouds
hung with tiny lights and over it its name in flowers^
The President's stand wa3 decorated in the trl-color and
over this was thrown a net thaticovered the railing and hung
down in front to the floor. " In this net thousands of carna
"tlons, pink andred," had been" fastenediTgivirifif the "drapery ,'thcT
appearance of a delicate ¦ lace f work, patterned with S flowera :
and foliage.- Behind the stand ', was ; a great bear; outlined in
lights, and with the word. "Shake", gleaming in red- lights in his
OF the tremendous crowd that surged around the
ferry building and crushed through its great nave
last evening, not one one-hundredth saw the Presi
dent and not one one-thousandth heard his vblce.
The arrangements were good In theory but bad in
practice. They contemplated a grand review of the
people of the city passing before the President, who
would stand on a raised platform and greet the
citizens as they passed, but no consideration was
given to human curlooslty and human selfishness, and instead
of moviKg when the time came, the lucky ones stayed and lis
tened and refused to move, and the unlucky ones crowded and
crushed and sweated and many were pulled fainting frorn^ the
pack. yO.
It was one of the grandest sights a mind could conceive,
that of two swaying, swinging lines of people slowly working
their way up one side of the nave and down the other, under
the gleaming lamps that stretched in arches far away., until .
they blended their luster and became a blur of colored light.
McKinley stood on a high platform at the southern end
of the nave and looked down six hundred feet to. where a
gleam of red light, like an eye of fire, marked the north
wall. Radiating from this were beams of red and" white and"
blue, and above it and down the sides sprung arches outlined
In fire and banked one upon the other through the length of
the great hall. On the sides, too, lamps flashed bright
and In many colors, and overhead the ¦ red [ changed to blue
«ad the blue to white in bewildering succesilon until the nave
C6ntlnn«d on Second Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CALL SIGNAL THE ARRIVAL OF THE PRESIDENT
THE SAff If K AiN UlSUU CALL, WEDNESDArY, yAY 15, 19U1 .
President Turns to Bow to the "Workingmen.
The enthusiasm at the depot was prophetfc of what was to come and Mc
£inley smiled and bowed repeatedly. A group of railroad employes standing
lust inside the gate gave three lusty cheers for the President, and he turned
and raised his hat and -waved his hand In recognition of their greeting.
The carriage rattled up the street, the four mounted policemen of his body
ruard keeping pace as outriders. The other carriages were filled rapidly with the
members of the Presidential party, committeemen .- and others of -. prominence.
General Warfleld, the grand marshal, gave command, a bugler sounded "For
ward, march!" and the parade moved up Third street between two dense lines
of madly cheering people. - '
Then an unprecedented transformation occurred. The flag on the staff sur
mounting the dome of The. Call building. was suddenly unfurled, and simultane
ously a bomb exploded with a roar and a volley of day rockets
went hurtling high . into the air from the top . of the sky
scraper. The effect was more than electrical. Immediately whistles . began to
eound and In a moment their various tones mingled In a . mighty crescendo.
Prom mills, factories and locomotives arose the screech of sibilant steam, sirens
shrieked and the deeper notes from steamship whistles came roaring up from the
bay. Bombs exploded, cannons barked and roared. „• From every block of Its
territory San Francisco was saying welcome '. '- : "•¦"'
Like magic windows and roofs and streets were filled ¦with . cheering people
and' waving flags. 'No longer was there thought of business cares. Men, women
and children massed in an incredibly short time along the line the parade would
follow. Sidewalk space was filled until progress wa3 difficult or impossible.
Third street, Montgomery and Kearny as far as Bush street; and Market -out to
V'iin Ness avenue swarmed with people struggling for places from which the
pageant they knew was coining could -be seen to advantage., * •
The Presidential train arrived a trifle late. President McKinley was ushered
out from the flag-bedecked depot into Third street. Mayor Phelan and' Irving M.
Scott on either side of him. His bodyguard of policemen and detectives was
close at hand and an adequate force of policemen held the surging, cheering
zrovrd back while the President was being shown to his carriage.
The Call's Signal Caused Big Transformation.
Thin lines of people gathered along the- wire ropes stretched on the line of
march to keep the crowds In check. At some points of vantage crowds began
to collect, but for the most part there was nothing to indicate the massing of*
such throngs as former, red-letter days for San- Francisco had seen.
. In the vicinity of Third and To wnsend streets the sidewalks were crowded
ar>d every window, housetop, telegraph pole or other, place that afforded visual
advantage * was occupied. Carriages with well-known citizens arrived early and
stood in lines waiting for the President to come. Sturdy bluejackets 'ana
marines came swinging along on the way from landing places to their assigned
positions on Townsend street- to await the. parade's formation. Clattering
artillery and yellow-plumed troops of horse hastened to the rendezvous.
Up on Market street and beyond there was an air o£_ expectancy, but not
great crowds, even when clocks showed the time for the arrival -of the Presi
dent; had come and five, ten, fifteen minutes had passed. ¦••':•
warmed the cockles of his heart and wreathed his face with, smiles. Gratification
ehone in the countenance of the President and, intent upon the manifestations
of the love and loyalty of his countrymen, he was oblivious to fog. and wind and
fatigue. .-, ;-' —
No Presage of the Afternoon's Enthusiasm.
The forenoon gave little presage of what the afternoon was to bring. Men
went 'about their business as if they could not leave office or counting room or
shop business,- even' on 'so great an occasion. Commercial activity scarcely
showed diminution as noon came and as the scheduled hour of the President's
arrival approached. True, the city was garbed in holiday attire. Flags fluttered
from fiagstaffs and.. housetops. Bunting and gay pennants, evergreens and a
wealth of floral decorations were the gages of the city's hospitality, but individ
uals 'seemed apathetic and trade flowed on in its accustomed channels. Even
while troops and batteries and battalions were clattering noisily toward the
point; of parade formation, trucks and drays busily employed at work that could
not wait got in the way of the military and retarded progress toward the
depot. - . . * .
THE CALL'S arrangements
for announcing the arrival of
President McKinley in " the
city were a great success.
Everything went like-clock
work. The moment the train
bearing the distinguished vis
* itor pulled into the depot at
• Third and Xownsend streets
, bomb shot high into the air above
Be Claus Spreckels building and ex
loding with a loud report announced
* the expectant thousands that the Presi
ent had arrived. The next instant a
ijghty shout of welcome resounded from
tie assembled throngs in the streets be
»w, drowning the shrieking whistles
rhich had caught up the signal from the
Sail's bomb.
With the approval of the executive com
sittee in charge of the preparations for
ae McKinley reception the official slg
al of the arrival of the Presidential' train
fas to be by day rockets being sent up
nd the nag unfurled from the dome of
ae Claus Spreckels building. A direct
fire was laid between the depot at Third
nd Townsend streets and the business of
ce of The Call. Another wire connected
ae office with the dome of the tall build
ig so the transmission of the signal was
lxnost instantaneous. The train dis
atcher at the depot at Third and Town
end streets stood at his key and the mo
icnt the train slowly rounded the curve
ito the depot he clicked off the eagerly
waited sisrnaL
It was exactly at 3:56 p. m. when the
was received in the Call business
Bice. The signal was instantly communi
tted to those waiting in the tower, and in
second a bomb was discharged and "Old
iory" was flung to the breeze.
The signal came somewhat unexpectedly
» the thousands that lined the sidewalks
laitlng to greet the President. But In a
tcond they realized that the city's dls-
Continued From First ,Page.
VIULTITUDES THRONG STREETS
tinguished guest was at last here and a
mighty shout went up. A second bomb
was fired several seconds after the first
by the watchers on the dome of the Claus
Spreckels building; and just as the smoke
was clearing away the powerful siren on
the roof of the Examinerf building bel
lowed out a rousing welcome; The Ex
aminer's siren was the first whistle to
take up the Call's official signal and soon
after every steam whistle in the city was
hard at work. The factory whistles, the
ferryboats' sirens and even the railroad
engines way down the Potrero- were by
this time making as much noise as they
could. Lads with miniature cannon on the
roofs of houses . fired ' salutes and the
whole town was in a din of uproarious de
llg-ht and enthusiasm.
The Japanese rockets discharged from
the dome of the Claus Spreckels building
worked like a charm. At • intervals
of a half • minute one was discharged
skyward. A stiff breeze was blowing and
they sailed to all parts of the city.
Everybody was pleased with The Call's
splendid service. Congratulations came
pouring Into the offices of the paper from
every source for the enterprise shown in
giving the residents of , this city such a
novel and prompt information of the ar
rival- of the President in our midst.
The decorations and illuminations of
the Claus Spreckels building came in al
so for great praise. Promptly at 8 o'clock
last night the many thousand electric
lamps were turned on. The illumination
of the building was almost" instantaneous
and with the lights turned on the streets
below became as light- as- day.
The general effect of the illumination of
the building was best apparent when
viewed ' from,- a distance. The ef
fect standing several blocks away was
marvelous. . The building presented the
appearance of . a beautiful fairy house
studded with ¦•' diamonds. Old travelers
and globe trotters who make it a point to
witness carnivals and celebrations In all
parts of the world said that' no Illumina
tion they had ever witnessed was so ar
tistically-conceived and carried out.
Bomb Shot From Dome of the Glaus
Spreckels Building Informs Waiting
Thousands That McKinley Is in Town
Examiner Accepts the Cue and Follows
With Shrieks of Its Great Siren
From Roof of the Hearst Building
Continued Prom First Pago.
McKINLEY AT THE PERRY DEPOT
Police Arrangements for Handling the
Vast Multitudes on the Streets Dur
ing the Parade Are Almost Perfect
ChiefSulHvan's' Orders Are Carried
Out to the Letter and the Day- Is
Remarkably Free From Accidents
outstretched paw. He stood- against a
background of flags. More flags were
draped from the crest* to the spring of
each arched window along the sides and
at the keystone of each, and In the cen
ters a shield and a stand of flags gave a
neat and tasteful finish to the scheme.
: .The Crowd. Enters. ¦* /
It was half-past 9 o'clock before the
crowd. was let in. It. was a quarter to 10
before the President had taken his seat.
It was fifteen minutes later when he rose
after the speech-making and left -. the
stand, while the. struggling mass of peo
ple, forgetful of all. else but a chance to
see his face, stood and stared and jostled
and passed the fainting women into .the
press stand and bore with unruffled tpa-.
tience and good humor the shouts of the
police and the prods from the muskets of
the soldiers whose duty it was to keep the
crowd moving. : " _. _ \. "-
That duty devolved on the First Cali
fornia Regiment, rounder command of
Colonel O'Neill, and the First Battalion
of the Fifth Regiment, under command of
Major L. W. Joulllard. The men marched
into the hall long before the crowd waa
let in, and they were stationed in lines
down both walls and back on each side or
the dividing line of flowers. They did
magnificent service and to them is due the
absence of serious Injury to any one.
The President came In behind a platoon
of National Guardsmen, Mayor Phelan. on
his right and P. H. McCarthy, chairman
of the reception committee, on his \ettl-
They walked up the nave from the stalrr:
way entrance so quietly no one seemed to
realize that the man they had come to, see
was passing in front of their eyes. ;•: ;
Behind . him. walked several of his party,
but by: the time they reached the end of
the nave they had become so mixed in. the
crowd that it was hard to;tellwhowas
distinguished visitor and who but ordinary
citizen. * ' , I : /"
McKinley Conies Forward.
There was no doubt who was who, how
ever, when the • President after being
taken through a side door was brought on
the platform, and then a cheer that made
the arches tremble burst from the people,
whilefar down the nave— it = seemed miles
away— came the faint but stirring notes of
"Hail to the Chief." S ¦ ¦ ' ¦ '
McKinley was in the center of the plat
form, seated in an imposing high-backed
chair. Mayor Phelan was on his right
and Governor Gage, who met him, upon
the stand, was on his left. On the right
of Mr. Phelan and on the. left of Gover
nor Gage were seated Cabinet officers,
and on the extreme right and left were
seated the executive committee and the
officers of the Governor's staff all in uni?
form. Behind the President was seated
the Governor of Ohio and the Ohio dele
gation and ¦ then behind that were seated
the Supervisors, Federal ojcers, promi
nent men of the city and members of the
reception committee. . . ' i >
Commander Thomas Phelps, aid to the
President while he is in California, took
his stand- just behind '.McKinley's chair'
He, was in the special full dress of the
navy 'and was quite the most imposing
figure in the party. , <• '.
TPhelstn's Speech.
. When Mayor Phelan rose to speak, the
people had packed into the end of the
heard, but now and then he road* a fa
miliar reference and the crowd cheered
and waved flags and hats and canes and
crushed closer to the platform. At Fhe
lan's reference to the First California,
the pioneer - regiment In the Philippines,
there was 1 tremendous enthusiasm.; there
was more when he referred to the Oregon
and there was almost hysteria when he
spoke of the Ohio, the great vessel that
will.take' her first plunge next "Saturday.
He said:
Mr. President: The people of San-Fran
cisco bid you cordial and patriotic wel
come. They have for many days been
making ready for your coming and now
enjoy the pleasure and the honor of re
ceiving and entertaining their President,
the President - of the republic of which
they are ""a- devoted part and in whose
greatness: and glory they are proud to
share.
. w d feel that San Francisco Is Indeed
one- of the nation's capitals. Our city not
only renders municipal service for Its In
habitants and . fulfils the purposes of a
metropolis as: the chief city of a great
State, but its position Is better defined as
the principal port of the United States on
the Pacific Ocean. It Is therefore, Mr.
President," in a peculiar sense your city as
well as ours.. It belongs to the country.
As late - as 184% however, Daniel Web
ster said that California on account of her
remoteness could never be expected to ac
cept laws from Congress. But it Is a mat
ter of history that she eagerly joined the
union of States, and you know, Mr. Presl
rdent,-havlng Just crossed the broad conti
nent, that you were never absent for an
hour from the seat of government I We
are no longer remote. It is true that forty
long days-elapsed after our admission be
fore we were appraised of the event, but
Invention and enterprise which Webster
failed to foresee have since that day dis
tanced the revolutions of the earth and we
can now -in point of time anticipate Con
gress itself In the passage of its acts. By
the grace of electricity our western posi
tion puts us in the vanguard of the sun
and by the awakening of the Pacific we
have become a center, whereas we were
an outpost.
San Francisco a World City.
We are Indeed a world city, serving the
United States on the greatest of the
world's oceans. The lands beyond look to
us for commerce and trade; the armies of
our country camp within our confines; her
transport fleets crowd our docks; her
squadrons ride at anchor in our bay. We
have been and are an active and patriotic
factor In the stirring events of your ad
ministration, and while serving our coun
try, permit me to say that San Francisco
has splendidly vindicated her own es
cutcheon, which Is inscribed with the old
Spanish legend, betraying her origin, *Oro
en paz, flerro en guerra," "Gold In peace,
iron in war." For ours is the golden ore.
the golden grain, the golden fruit, and I
may say the golden opportunity, which
the march of events has opened to us;
while iron, emblematic of fortitude, indus
try and the mechanic arts, has been illus
trated by our people in every field. The
first transport that ever departed from our
country's shores on a warlike . mission
carried a San Francisco regiment,- the
First California, the first to the front, and
our artisans constructed the cruiser Olym-
NEVER before In the history
of this city Have parade con
ditions been more perfect.
-Miles- of wire rope attached,
to the wooden posts pre
sented to the city by the
Merchants' Association held
. . ¦. ' . the cheering crowds in check
; and the police .. officers who
were stationed on either side of the street
along" the line of march. had virtually a
sinecure. Chief of Police Sullivan had hl3
entire force on the street, and thanks to
the energy displayed by the officers there
was not an accident to mar the splendid
spectacle. On every corner and within
hailing distance of. each other the officers,
dressed In their best uniforms, kept .coat,
stant watch. Their vigilance and closeat
tention to the orders given them by7 their,
respective captains won them the high ap^
proval of Chief Sullivan and the members
of the Police Commission.. :.?>-'" jgfct
Even the - distinguished visitors spow
highly of- their appearance and;compIP
mented the chief on the. splendid disci
pline that was apparent in the depart-
Lieutenant of Police Anderson and a po
liceman were provided with a buggy and
the two rode through the lines and saw
that everything was In readiness for the
parade. Chief Sullivan was one of the
busiest men on the street. He was every
where and his presence was of great value
to his men.- Captain Sptllane of the South
ern Station had a post of honor in tiie pa
rade. He marched at the side of the Pres
ident's carriage and was In virtual com
mand of the escort to the Chief Executive.
All along the Una of march the popular
officer received the salutes of his men and
returned them with the military precision
for which he is noted.
At the reviewing stand there was none
of that confusion that Is not unusual in
affairs of this kind. A strong cordon of
policemen under the command of Sergeant
Wolff kept Interlopers from taking posses
sion of the place of honor and from
crowding too close to the temporary
wooden structure.
». Sergeant Clarence Coogan and bis squad
of mounted policemen won the admiration
of thousands along the line of march.
They led the procession and their ac
couterments and clean-limbed steeds won
the unstinted praise of every one.
The cordon of policemen and detectives
that surrounded th© President's carriage
made it impossible for any one to run out
and grasp the hand of McKinley. This
was not attempted. Only in a few in
stances were men called up ana intro
duced ttr the President by Mayor Phelan
or Irving M. Scott.
2
THE GALL BUILDING ILLUMINATED IN r;H0pDR ;OF THE VISIT QF PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
us Market street -was approached the
pees became denser and the enthusiasm
tn more • turbulent. At the junction of
ird. Market and Kearny streets people
re packed in between buildings and
t wire ropes at the gntter" curbing; until
( one more could be added, for hers the
parade could' be seen, both zeroing and
doubling back from Kearny street.
The cheering was continuous. and deaf
ening as the President's • carriage moved
along and McKinley acknowledged the
people s greeting, not forgetful at "any
time and always appreciative of specially
attractive • features -of - the 'welcome ac
corded him. • ... , . .,
The length of Market street to Van Ness
avenue and Van Ness to well beyond Bush
.Street presented solid-walls, of .humanity
on either side. ¦ Seldom has such a throng
of people been-seen^ln-San Francisco. >•: At
no : place on • the -line* of > march could a
latecomer find ; place from which to get a
good look at the kindly, generous, smiling
countenance of the President as he -was
driven past. :• ¦-.' '" .. ¦
;>For,two blocks on either side of .the re-
, viewing stand -on --Van Ness avenue- the
J Continued onv Page Ten; * j
nave so tight that motion' in any direction
was practically impossible. Everywhere
through the struggling crowd was heard
the warning cries of men. calling to those
behind to stop crushing and shouts\of the
soldiers' ordering the people to keep mov
iric- But little of the Mayor's SDeech" was
plar, the flagship of Dewey at Manila, and
the battleship Oregon, the matchless racer
of the sea and the famous fighter for the
flag. • ' - .
During your visit we will show you how
1 Continued on Tenth Pajre. %•
*A Month's ' Test Free.
I" you have" Dyspepsia, write Dr.Sboop, Racine,
Wls..box 137. for elx bottles Dr. Shoop 1 a Restora-
tive. HxD.i»ald.-Send no money.- PajJ5.60 It cured*LONG before the hour sched
uled for the arrival of Pres
ident McKlnley and the
members of his Cabinet at
ibe Third and Townsend
street depot large crowds
congregated in the vicinity
if the spot where the Chief
greet the President as he stepped from his
car. Accompanied by Mayor Phelan and
Henry T. Scott, the President alighted
from his car and the members of the re
ception committee were introduced by the
Mayor. The Cabinet Ministers and their
ladles followed the President and the re
ception committee quickly took charge of
the distinguished gentlemen.
In three minutes after the arrival of the
train the President started for the street,
walking with Mayor Phelan and Henry T.
Scott. As he entered into view and walked
to the waiting carriage a deafening cheer
went up from all sides. With hat. in
hand, the President acknowledged the
salute and his face was wreathed In
smiles. Mayor Phelan followed the Presi
dent into the carriage and sat beside him,
while Henry T. Scott sat on the opposite
seat. Five minutes were occupied In
escorting the Cabinet Ministers to the car
riages designated for them and then the
word was given fcr the parade to begin.
Order of the Procession.
Preceded bv the mounted police and
the Veteran Guard, tho carriage of the
President headed up Third street to Mar
ket and was followed by the Cabinet Mln-
Multitude Gathers at Third and Townsend Streets to Greet
McKinley as He Steps From , the Train to Make His
Official Entry Into the City by the Golden Gate
Keith's great picture- "Tamalpals" Is to
ba hung In the White House, or wherever
the first lady of the land may decide. On
Thursday the great' picture will be pre
sented to Mrs. McKlnley by the ladies
Keith's Work Will Be Pre
sented to First Ladu
of the Land.
A workingman who greeted the Presi
dent with "God bless you. Bill." caused
the President to smile and bow to the
son of toll. The League of the Cross
Cadets gave the President a rousing wel
come as he passed their armory. At St.
Ignatius College on Van Ness avenue tho
steps of the building were crowded with
gayly dressed ladies and they saluted the
President with cheers and waving of
dainty kercheifs. The President asked
Mayor Phelan the name of the building
and rose to his feet and bowed to those on
the college steps. A group of orphans,
drawn up on Van Ness avenue, was
pointed out to the President. He saluted
tho little one*, who stared with open
mouths in surprise at tne distinction ac
corded them. 7 When President McKinley
left the reviewing stand and drove to his
temporary home, knots of people cheered
him as he passed along. To the credit
of the many thousands who crowded the
strects yesterday not a single case of dis
order was reported by the police. Th©
President was heard to express his pleas
ure at the reception given him and in
formed Mayor Phelan that the Police De
partment was deserving of all praise for
the admirable manner in which tho
crowds were managed.
"TAMALPAIS" FOR
MRS, McKINLEY
Children Receive Salutation.
tion. Once when the President saw an
old woman sitting In an invalid's chair
In front of a dense crowd he rose In his
carriage and Waved his hand to her, caus
ing the people to cheer louder than ever.
* M AN FRANCISCO has covered
# itself with glory. Never in
the history of the city has
there been witnessed so enor
1 . ' mous an outpouring of people
£^ M as was seen yesterday on the
f^^m^^ streets— every man. woman
. \ and child of the multitude
being there for the purpose
of honoring William McKinley, President
of the United States.
From the moment the President left the
depot at Third and Townsend streets un
til, he entered the Scott residence, three
hours later, he was accorded an ovation
such as seldom falls to the lot of man or
wtman. For hours the people waited pa
tiently to see the head of the greatest re
public of the world, and when he came
in sight the cheering drowned the strains
of martial music of the bands . and the
rumble of "artillery over the stones.
At the railroad depot thousands congre
gated to see the President arrive. Third
street to Market street was a mass of hu-
Gheering Thousands Surge Through the Streets to Wel
come the President and View the Splendid Pageant
That Is Created in Honor of His Visit to San Francisco
Good Effects in Framing.
.The most charming -effects/ in -natural
wood moldings ' in the 'dull Flemish [ and
polished .finishes.'. .-Many ¦ new'- things .in
mat '.boards '. recently, added." • Tiny blacks,
grays, , greens, mahogany and gilt mold
ings used, for framing small pictures pro
duce "b-vlutlful perns , for Wall- decorations
at very reasonable prices. •• Sanborn; Vail
& Co.,' 741 street. . . •
Only Two Days Left
And all the shoes of the California Shoe
Company will be sold. 500 pairs of ladies'
and 500 pairs of men's $3.50 shoes must be
sold within two days. Mr. W. F. Plpher,
receiver, will sell them for only $1.45 a
pair. These shoes are Vici kid. latest
styles, all sizes and widths, and worth
$3.50 each and every pair of them. Tou caa
buy them for ».« a pair at the bankrupt
sale of shoes. 1506 Market street, above
City Hall avenue. *
ls. livelier than, his dad, but -Montgomery,
street, suffering from the westward march
of progress, ga.ve unmistakable 9 signs • of.
rejuvenation. From their aeries on the
railroad building, Crocker building : and
Occidental Hotel feminine hands sounded
.gladyricclnim.* Along Kearny Btreet, from
Busffto Market, where the parade swung
into its broader pathway a change ensued.
; It:.was .the. latter- day development of
prosperity/:. ¦.,-....,. ¦.".':.. - ' .: -
Montgomery: street, was sedate.-. Kearny
street. was joyous and vociferous. : There
was less decorationon the buildings of the
former, thoroughfare. There seemed to be
a rncra" conservative ... condition ¦ or . sen
tlmest pervading the crowd- It was more
like a VChautauqua salute'.' than the lusty.
:' s *three' cheers and a tiger~ that marks: a
political -assemblage- '•:.',* «•*.
• But there was no; political feeling in the
crcwd on > either : street. They were : all
thc-re ; to I honor, the < President of . the
nation. From the curb to housetop flags
waved, and childish trebles mingled with
the .voices of .their, elders- ' The change of
rou^e-was a concession- •: but " It -was one
that brought forth .such ,a hearty and
spontaneous greeting- as the people of .this
city know , so well . how to ' give.
inanity. -Market street from Montgomery
to Van Ness avenue was a sight to -be
hold. Van Ness avenue held thousands
of women and children, "who desired to
avoid the downtown crush, and the streets
traversed by President. McKlnley were
jammed with humanity from the side
walks to the house lines. It is estimated
that 400,000 people witnessed the . parade,
the suburban towns being emptied of their
residents, who came to view the "grand
spectacle. .* -. '.
: Waited Patiently for Hours.
.^Not,a single '. happening: marred ; the
pleasure of the people. They waited pa
tiently for hours to see the President pass
and gave the police officers but little trou
ble. ¦ The use of the wire- ropes kept the
roads perfectly ' clear and the procession
had a clear right of way.- The police offi
cers were considerate to: every one -and
not a single Instance was noted of.rough
ness by the crowds. ""When the ' President
started from the depot he was -greeted
with vociferous cheering on all sides until
he reached the ' reviewing stand. * From
the sidewalks, from windows and from
[ roofs of houses a mighty sound of accla
mation -went up. • - ' ; '• :
; Women cheered as lustily as their stern
i er companions and thousands of boys and
girls greeted their -President and received
his acknowledgment. • ' • '.--.
-There was -not a -break In the volume
of welcome. .¦ It boomed out from, the'de
parture from the depot until the Presi
dent left the reviewing stand for. the Scott
residence. In the downtown k portion of
the city, as ,well»as in the residence > dis
trict sidewalks . were black with \human
ity and windows held bevies ot beauty.
5 One of the . President's official •• family
said -yesterday after the parade that San
Francisco had given the President as
great 'a welcome as that accorded hlm'.'n
Chicago. 1 which tho President himself had
declared was the most hearty he had. ever
known. . -
. For every one the President had a smile
and a friendly nod or bow. • ¦ .:
" " President Gets Enormous Ovation.
'As- the mighty shouts reached his ears
the President waved hl3 hat in acknowl
edgment to the crqwds on the sidewalks
and at the windows. In passlnar the big
office buildings downtown • the President
would look upward and .wave:. his hand:
His lips moved In accordance with his
saluration ftnd seemed to say, "God bless
you all." / '"'-'.»
. Flasrs and .banners were -waved from,
the sidewalks and -windows and housetops
as the, chief executive passed along. The
thousands only had eyes for the Presi
dent, the distinguished > members of the
Cabinet passing almost unnoticed. Major
General Shafter came in for hearty cheer
in«r all ; along- the line. ¦ -
.The children seemed to attract the atten
tion of the President. •• Whenevjer a group
of little ones hailed him with shrill shouts
he would give them a special recogni-
""Well, there is one thing that we cer
tainly can beat Puget Sound on. We have
the biggest clams on. earth."
Mr. Van Epps coiild not at that time
dispute the ] Governor, but the Olympian
told him .that if. he ever came "West he
would - show the Governor how poor the
Massachusetts clara looked beside ths
Pucet Sound article. "And now the op
portunity is offered and Mr. Van Epps
will present to Secretary Long the biggest
kind of a big Gooduck to make good hi3
boast.
••Mr. '.Van. Epps met Mr. Long in 1S80.
when the present naval secretary was
Governor of Massachusetts. Mr. Van
Kpps was . naturally enthusiastic over
Puget Sound- and its resources. In a
bantering way Governor Long and Mr.
Van Epps. told bigr stories of what Mas
sachusetts and Washington could produce
as world beaters, and finally the Governor
remarked:-',- ----- ¦ •
j TACOMA. May 14.-T. C. Van Epps has
posted. all the fish market men of Tacoma
and Olympla to procure for him the larg
est Gooduck clams to be; found on the
Sound by the time of the arrival of the
Presidential party. There Is. method in
Mr. Van Epps' request, as he desires to
present a ten-pound- dam to Secretary
Lonsr and Incidentally .'to "get "back" at
the Massachusetts statesman when he ar
rives here.
Tacoma -Resident..Preuar
: ing Feast for Secretaru
of the Navu.
GIANT CLAMS
FOR MR. LONG
Representing the Art Association— Mrs. Phet>«
Hearst. Mrs. Irving 1£ Scott. Mrs. Margaret
Irvine, MrS. Emma Shafter Howard. Mrs. John
F. Merrill. Mrs. J. B. Crockett. Mrs. Lewis
Gerstle, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Miss A. B. Chlt
tenden. Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs. David Bbtler,
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge. Mrs. Loula Sloss,> Mrs.
Joseph Grant. Mrs. ! William Crocker. YMrs.
Zeile, Mrs. Henry Payot. Mrs. "W. B. Bourne,
Mrs. William Alvord. Mrs. Henry T. Scott.
Century Club. Mrs. Fred Hewlett: California
Club, Mts^ Lovell "WJite; Sorosis, Mrs. "W. R.
Eckart: Laurel Hall. Mrs. J. Brandt: Forum.
Mrs. E. G. Deniston: Sketch Club. Miss A. F.
BrlRgs: Women's Council, Mrs. G. I. Bryant:
Spinners' Club. Mrs. A. Gertierritnsr: Corona
Club, Mrs. Frank Dalton; Press Club. Mrs.
Klla M. Sexton: MlHo Club, Mrs. F. D. Bates;
Wl-Mo-Daugh-Sls. Mra. F. J. Thayer; Town
and Country, Mrs. James A. Robinson; Fort
nightly. Miss Susie Russell; Collegiate Alum
nae. Miss F. Dean.
The . presentation will be a memorable
occasion to the women of San Francisco.
who constitute the - various committees
having In charge the great reception, as a
souvenir of the club women of San Fran
cisco.
. The ladies have been particularly happy
in the choice of their gift and are being
complimented on all sides for the rare
good taste they have displayed. The ladies
who will present Mrs. McKlnley with the
great picture are: •-¦¦¦- ¦ .
' Never ; since the "water came up to
Montgomery street,'* '. away back in the
days when San Francisco had not attained
to the dignity of a black spot on a yellow
map, was there a- more representative and
cosmopolitan crowd assembled on that
thoroughfare. , The same may likewise be
said of Kearny street. If there was a
committee to decide the cosmopolitan
character of both streets perhaps - the
palm might be awarded to- the latter.
Hawaiiane, Mexicans, Chinese, Ger
mans, Frenchmen, Italians, Greeks, Jap
anese. Americans and many other nation
alities buniped elbows, and both native
Rnd adopted daughters of the Golden
West, gowned In their prettiest furbe
lows, were out In force,
Montgomery street, with its historic rec
ord, put on its prettiest air, and combat->
ed the assumed distinctions of Kearny
street, .
There was a genereu3 rivalry between
the two streets as to which wore the bet
ter decorative apparel. Perhaps the . lad
who can tie his tie in all kinds of knots
Motleu Throngs Gather on
" Kearnu and Mont
cromeru.
PICTURESQUE
STREET pRGWDS
distinguish the executives of California
and Ohio.
Comrades of McKinley in Line.
With faltering steps the Veteran Guard,
Grand Army of the Republic, marched up
to the depot, stepping out with brave ef
fort to the music of drums and fifes. The
old soldiers were to form the guard of
honor to the President,, Surrounding a
carriage that held four old comrades of
President McKlnley the veterans were the
center of attraction. In the carriage rode
H. H. Woodruff of Oakland. M. V. Ritter
of San Leandro, O. P. Burgett of Meridian
end C. W. Moore of Yuba. The old sol
diers carefully guarded four tattered bat
tle flaps brought from the State House at
Columbus, Ohio, / by Governor Xash. The
flags were those of the Twenty-third Ohio
Regiment, in which President McKlnley
served during the war, and were carried
through many a bloody battle.
Shortly after 3 p. m. carriages drove up
to the depot bearing the visiting Con
gressmen and the local reception commit
tee. Shortly afterward a four-horse car
riage gaily bedecked with American flags
drove up to the main entrance of the de
pot. The carriage had been sent by Henry
T. Scott for the use of the President, but
General "Warfleid. grand marshal of the
day, would not allow it to be used. Gen
eral Warfield had furnished a four-horse
carriage without American flags, and in
sisted that the carriage of- Mr. Scott
should not be used. The grand marshal
won a victory and the President was
driven through the city in the hired ve
hicle, while the private carriage of Mr.
Scott was sent to the stables. The little
Incident was unknown to the President,
and the crowds that had witnessed the
gorgeous Scott eaulpage drive up to the
depot marveled afterward why it was not
used in the procession.
" Privileged Few on Platform.
The platform where the President's
train was to draw up was gaily dressed In
bunting and flass". a similar lino «it decora
tion being used for the entrance leading
on -Third street. Only a few privileged
persons were allowed on the platform.
Rear Admiral Casey, in command of the
Pacific Squadron, together with his aids.
was on. the platform and they presented a
superb picture in their full uniforms The
naval aid of ihe President. Lieutenant
Commander T. S. Phelps of Mare Island,
was also on the platform to welcome the
Chief Executive and the civilians were
the reception committee, composed as
follows: «•"•¦"
F. W. Dobrcnaniv. president of the Merchants*
Association: A. Sbarboro. Dresident of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association;
Georce A. Newhall. president of the Chamber
of Commerce: P. H. McCarthy, president of
the Bcildin* Trad** Council: Claus Spreckels.
chairman of citizens' committee: James M.
G leaves, president of the Ohio Society: Horace
Davis chairman or ths university committee;
A. D, Cutler, chairman of-tne G. A. R. com
mittee: C. R. Allen, vice chairman of the
decoration committee: H. U. Brandensteln.
chairman at the press committee: J. P. Cur
rier, chairman of the commercial committee:
F. S. Ptratton. Collector of the Port: W. W.
Montajme, Postmaster of San Francisco; W.
R. Dalnjrerfleld. Judge SeawelL Jasper Mc-
Donald (Park Commissioner). ex-Governor
James Budd General John K. Dickinson (N.
d. C). Major J. L. liathbone and Joseph H.
Spear Jr.
Chief of Police Sullivan. Captain "Witt
man .and Captain Spillane personally su
perintended the arrangements for the ar
rival of the President at the depot.- The
mounted police, detailed to lead the par
ade, looked spick and span In their yel
low trimmed uniforms, and for the occa
sion used new military saddles. ':' .;., ;>.
President's Train Arrives.^
The President's train arrived later
than the' time scheduled. It was at exact
ly 3:56 that the dedorated locomotive
rounded the curve leading to the Third
and Townsend street depot and at onco
the cheering was started by the crowds.
In another minute the train was at rest
and the reception committee made for the
car "Olympla" In the rear of the train.
In order not to delay matters. It had been
arranged that the committees and the
naval officers should be the only ones to
Then came carriages with the visiting
Congressmen, accompanied by the Cali
fornia Congressional delegation., the
Board of Supervisors and general commit
tee of the celebration. -
The first military division consisted of
Infantry, artillery and cavalry. Major
General Shafter, United States Army,
commanding the Department of Califor
nia, rode ahead of the soldiers with his
staff and was followed by Colonel Rawles,
commandant of the Presidio, Then came
the marines and bluejackets. Lieutenant
Commander J. B. Milton In charge. Gen
eral Warfleld. errand marshal of the day.
followed with his staff and the National
Guardsmen closed the procession.
No. 22— Colonel A. K. Crawford, representing;
the Governor of Kentucky. -Lieutenant Colonel
F. Vail and Lieutenant Colonel Miner.
No- 23^Rcar Admiral Silas Casey, U.' S. N-,
and staff. . .....
No. 24— Ex-Governor James Budd, W. W.
Price and Major General Dickinson.
No. 25— P. H. McCarthy, L. S. Brown and C.
R. # Allen. ._••••.
No. 26— Judge Sea well, M. C. Latte and Henry
No. 27— J. C. Hemment, Tt. L. Dunn. James
Hare and Jasper McDonald.
No. 28-Frank P. Lord. B. A. Strohmeyer,
Morel Marau and H. U. Brandenstetn.
No 29—Georsre W. Ribble, Wilson P. Webster
snd W. R. Daineerflcld. -
No. 12 — Rear Admiral George F. Melville, J.
Kruttschnitt and F. S. Stratton, Collector of
the Port. ' ¦ . • ¦ ¦
No. 13 — Governor Gasre, Governor Nash of
Ohio and General Spltzer of Ohio.
No. 14— Governor Ge-ir of . Oregon, Lieuten
ant Governor Nell and General Seamans.
No. . 13 — Colonel B?ck. - Colonel Donovan of
Ohio and Lieutenant Colonel Tounp.
No. 16— Colonel Win? of Ohio, Colonel An
derson. Lieutenant Colonel Choynskl.
No. 17— Cylonel Burrows of Ohio, Colonel
Wilhelm. -f^eutenant Colonel Doollttle.
No. 18— Colonel Gillette of Ohio, Lieutenant
Colonel Pippy, Lieutenant Colonel Runyon.
No. 19— Colonel Bird of Ohio, Colonel Ellison,
Lieutenant Colonel Rabins. V
No. 20— Colonel Hosier • of Ohio. Lieutenant
Colonel Ho-well, Lieutenant Colonel Hendy.
No.. 21— Lieu tenant Colonel Rcitzel of Ohio,
Lieutenant Colonel Martin. ." . ¦ '.
No. 5— Secretary Hitchcock and daughter and
President C. M. Hay* of the Southern Pacific.
No. C — Secretary Wll-son and Mrs. "Wilson,
Claus Kpreckels and J. M. GleaveB.
No. 7— Secretary and Mrs. Cortelyou and Ai
Sbarboro. ¦ • : ,:•¦¦¦:
No. 8— Assistant Secretary . Barnes, A. J.
Leonard.' -Mr. Dlnjrniari and James Sp»ar.
No. 9 — Miss Earber. Miss Crockett, Henry T.
Scott and I>aurence I. Hcott. ¦ :
No. 10— Mrs. Rlxey. Mrs. H..T. Scott and F.
W. Dohrmann. ! ,
No. 11— Mr. and Mrs. Charles Moore, Master
Moore and George A. Newha'l.
* . *
isters and reception committee in the fol
lowing order, the carriages being desig
nated by numbers: ; . ' « .;.
No. 2— Secretary and Mrs. Hay and Horace
Dai-Is.
• No. 3— Postmaster General , and Mrs. Smith
and W, W, Montague.'
No. 4— Secretary Lon< and daughter and A.
A. Watking.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, "W EDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1901.
CHEER M'KINLEY FROM WINDOWS AND ROOFS
The depot was carefully guarded by the
new corps of State railway police brought
Into existence by a recent act of the
Legislature. On all sides good humor pre
vailed and the police had no trouble to
handle the crowds that flocked to the de
pot in order to catch a first glimpse of 'the
head of the nation. J
The two hours that elapsed before the
President arrived ..were not dull ones to
the waiting crowds. They scanned the
notables as they drove up ia carriages or
dashed up on horseback to the depot. The
marines, bluejackets, cavalry and infantry
of the regular army formed in line on
Townsend street, while the National
Guard of California and the staff officers
of Governor Gage and Governor Nash of
Ohio rested on Third street.
The appearance of Governor Gage and
his staff was hailed with cheers and a
similar reception was accorded Governor
Nash of Ohio and Governor Geer of Ore
gon. The staff officers were in full uni
form and the array of colonels served to
Executive of the nation
•was to make his official entry into San
Francisco. ..r ¦
Shortly after 2 p. m. all was bustle and
excitement around the railroad depot. Po
lice officers In smart uniforms marched to
their designated stations; bluejackets and
marines from the warships in the bay
stepped out in brave array to the music
of martial airs; cavalry from the Presidio
galloped along with clar/xing sabers; ar
tillery lumbered over the cobblestones;
mounted aids darted from corner to cor
ner carrying: orders, and the police mar
shaled the spectators behind wire ropes.
so that when the President should arrive
all would be in good order for the gen
erous welcome to be extended to him by
San Francisco.
3
Every man is all right in his way, but
a lot of them are right In tha my of
others.PRESIDENTIAL PARTY AT STANFORD AND IN THE CITY.
to present them at the gates before 9:30
and to be in their seats by that time, as
after that hour no seats will be reserved.
This is imperaive and the holders of tick
ets must not be disappointed if they find
their seats occupied after the time speci
fied.
Will Be Received by Wheeler.
President McKinley will be received at
10 o'clock at the Berkeley depot by Presi
dent Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of the State
University. The party will be taken in
carriages to the Center-street entrance of
the university, up the main drive to the
football statue, then to the Dana-street
bridge, and then directly across the
campus to the grandstand. There the
party will be met by a committee, con
sisting of Professors Martin Kellogg, Jos
eph Le Conte, Franke Soule, W. D. Ris
ing, George Davidson, G. H. Howison. E.
"W. Hilgard. F. G. Hesse and Irving
Stringham. , .
The order of exercises will commence
with an Invocation by Bishop William
Ford Nichols. President McKinley, who
will be introduced by Governor Gage, will
be preceded by the student speakers- The
conferring of degrees and military com
missions will close the programme.
Programme to Be Rushed.
Everything about the . commencement
exercises will be carried through with the
utmost rapidity In order that all may be
through by noontime. Carriages will then
distribute the party to the various resi
dences where they will be dined. The
President and his party and Governor
Gage will go to the residence of Benjamin
Alameda County Is
Ready to Welcome
the Nation's Chief
-Continued on Eighth Page.
sharp, short and clear, and after the
three cheers, which as from one man,
went us from the rooters'., section they
clearly and In concert announced who the
cheer was for. It came first "for the
Presidential party," and then while the
members of the party were taking, their
seats the boya went down the line. Then
the Glee Club was called upon for a sonar,
and they sang a welcome through an old
college song with simple music and non
sensical words, but with full, rich chor
uses that carried at once the college spirit
of loyalty and of levity.
Secretary Hay was the first to speak
and as he came forward the rooters broke
loose ag-ain.
Secretary Hay's Speech.
Secretary Hay Spoke as follows: .
Gentlemen: It Is with profound depression
that I appear before you in the most -ungra
cious role it Is possible for a human being to
acsume — that of the bearer of evil tidings. I
am charged to express to you in behalf of the
President his profound disappointment that he
Is unable to be .with you .this morning. He
had looked forward to the pleasure of meeting
you, and nothing; but an imperative necessity
would have kept him from coming: this morn
ing. He is unable on account of the illness of
his wife to make even so brief a trip as this
would be from San Francisco, even in the face
of the great temptation afforded by the wel
come and the honor which you were ready to
give him. I cannot say how all. of us sympa
thize with the President in not being able to
be here, in losing: the pleasure which . he ex
pected in meeting you. We sympathize with
you also in the disappointment you naturally
feel at his not being here. A* my task is at
best a most tiresome one. I will not make it
worse by dwelling upon it, and will give way
for. those who will be able to Bay. something
more cheering- to you than I am able to do. .
. Cecil M. Marrack." the president of the
student body, was then Introduced, and
in a neat and brief speech he gave the
students' welcome to the party.
Pokes Fun at the Students.
There was more cheering and yelling be
fore President Jordan was allowed .to in
troduce Postmaster General Smith, who
spoke In a vein r half humorous, half se
rious and altogether cordial and sincere.
He poked fun at the students and at the
party and at Marrack's speech until,
when he concluded, the hall\was in an
uproar. - • . * .
. Secretary Long then spoke, and he In
creased the uproar and the applause until
the hall shook with the thunder : of the
students' approval.
• Secretary Long's Speech.
Secretary Long spoke as follows:
il don't mind the rythm but I don't quite
catch :the~ words. Still I will : not ask | you to
repeat" It.' President- Jordan has well stated
th« position of the Secretary 'of the Navy.
Enthusiasm Is Great
i Although. McKinley
Fails to Appear
Stanford's Assembly
Hall Rings With the
Cheers of Students
By W. F\ Burke,
Staff Correspondent of The CalL
PALO ALTO, May 14.— The
assembly hall of Stanford
University rang with college
yells, college songs, the mu
sic from the college band
and the furious applause of
enthusiastic students to-day,
for they"- were as near see
ing a real live President as
they ever had been and they gave full
swing to their enthusiasm over the occa
sion. The President was to have visited
Palo Alto this morning, but he did not,
and In view of the cause of his absence
the students made no complaint, but set
about entertaining the distinguished mem
bers of the remainder of the party whom
they had with them.
There was some delay at the railway
Btation, for it was not until the last mo
ment that it was definitely known Mc-
Kinley would not be with them, so when
the party reached the assembly hall the
students already filled the floor and most
of the gallery and members of the Grand
Army of the" Republic and citizens from
the town of Palo Alto filled the rest of
the hall. In the center of the floor were
the rooters and yellers, led by "W. F. llc-
Cormick, yell leader of the college. On
the left and in the gallery was the Glee
Club and opposite it on the right was the
college band. In the center of the gal
lery were the Palo Altoans, and in the
center of them four hoary veterans, the
Grand Army men of Palo Alto, sat with
their flags leaning over the gallery rail
and drooping their folds over the heads
of the people below. Beyond these as
signments there was no system in seat-
Ing the students, so co-eds were mingled
with their scholastic brethren Indiscrim
inately, and with their gay ribbons, pic
turesque gowns and mortar boards and
faces . beaming with pride for their alma
mater, they lent no little, assistance to
the effect of the decorations that hung
from. wall and eallery..
Decorations of Cardinal Hue.
The cardinal of Stanford was the theme
of the decorations. Across the front of
the stage stood a row of flower pots,
Fwathed In brilliant red bunting and over
flowing with a wealth of delicate green
maidenhair . ferns. Into these ferns had
been clustered red carnations in riotous
profusion, and in the glare of the foot
lights they seemed like a band of flame
reaching from wing to wing and flapping
as the carnations nodded their gorgeous
heads. The stage itself was set with wav
ing palms and ferns. The cardinal flashed
from the gallery rail, from knots of bunt
lug on pillars and cornices, and the na
tional flag lent its crimson bars to add
to the splendid color and its white and
blue for contrast. The curtains of the
hall had been drawn' and all the lights
were blazing.
I>r. Jordan and Mrs. • Jordan met the
party at the station and escorted the vis
itors to the university, where they were
at once taken through a rear entrance
and upon the stagre. • •' '/¦>
A. yell from the rooters greeted them.'
The boys had been training and the yell
teased forth like the crack of a whip,
five miles is a long: way to ride, but the
little country boys and j girls . are going
to make the trip so tliat they can welcome
the President "to their county. All through
the county to-day the , children are prac
ticing patriotic ¦ songs so that when they
stand in the big depot at Sausalito on
Thursday morning there may be no dis
cord in their choral greeting to the great
President.
It is ¦ estimated that fully ,1200 school
children w^l be present. . This includes
the cadets of two military academies, who
will also be there with their natty,uni
forms. , • . '
It has been -the especial aim of the re
ception committee to arrange everything
for the benefit of , the children. The
youngsters will have the best of it and
are perhaps the only f ones who will be
close enough » to hear what the President
will say, for grown people at ¦ Sausalito
will not be ' allowed ' inside the depot or
inside the picket fence beyond it. They
will have to £e content 'with a peep over
the fence or a ¦ view -from the hillside.
Sheriff W. P. Taylor : will be there with
his deputies to carry out the arrange
ments made by the committee.
Yesterday many - men were . sent up
among the redwoods to gather greenery for
: decorative purposes. The depot at Sausa
lito will be decorated, also the one at Mill
Valley, where , the President •; and : party
will change cars for the trip up the moun
tain-. . The- quaint . tavern at the top of
the mountain • will not be forgotten, and
pretty decorations will grace its walls.
The people of Mill- Valley feel slighted.
The President will change cars there, but
it Is doubtful- if the < people will get a
glimpse of him. The committee has been
unable. to. fix a time schedule for the trip,
owing to the uncertainty as ' to , the hour
the Presidential party will leave the city.
If the party leaves the city at 8:30 they
will arrive in Sausalito at 9:10. This will
allow the steamer to make a little tour
of the waters ' around Belvedere and.
Sausalito. Arriving at the latter place it
is estimated" that the welcome lay the
children, address by Judge Angellotti and
response by the. President, will occupy
fifteen minutes. The run < to Mill Valley
will only occupy fifteen minutes and after
allowing about ten minutes to change cars
the party will start at about 9:50 on the
Mount Tamalpais Railroad for. the sum
mit. , The . run • up will : ra-ke about one
hour and ten minutes. Arriving at the
Tavern at 11 o'clock luncheon and sight
seeing will be in order until. 12:30. when
the return trip will be commenced. There
will be no stops on the return : trip and
the party will land in the city about 3;3O
P.-m,
It Is behind the navy, behind the guns, and
the further behind the safer and the more
agreeable. (Laughter.) The Postmaster Gen
eral has spoken of the absence of the Presi
dent, but as we listened to him we were con
scious that all the other characters were pres
ent, certainly the philosophic grave digger
discussing the skull.
I hardly know why you care to see us. or to
hear us in the absence of our chief. We can
bring little except our hearty sympathy with
your work, and let me say that we can give
you nothing in the way of speech after the
exhibition that has been made by the young
manywlth whom the Postmaster General e'vi
dently had some private conference before the
meeting began. (Laughter and applause.) %Ve
should fall, "however, in our duty If we did
not speak of the ., pleasure with which we
visit this golden State and bear our testimony
to its infinite riches and its great prosperity,
and I am inclined to think that on that scbre
we i can add nothing 'to. -your i own knowledge.
A prayer by Rev. Mr. Gardener of. Polo
Alto, the singing of "America" and m.U3ic
by- the bawl : concluded^; the exercises l iti
the hall. ...¦'. . i
The visitors were then taken out to the
stock farm and were shown some of the
horses famous, the world <5ver on • truck
and in stable, . and then the party took
the cars and were whirled away for Bur
lingame., •¦: ¦ . -
On the way. to the .college buildingsMhe
carriages were halted while Secretary-
Hay completed the planting of: a cypress
tree- by the museum. It Is the custom
at Stanford to- have any. visiting celebrity
plant a tree, and the grove of, famous
ones, is growing rapidly. It was the in
tention to . have President McKinley add
to the grove, but in his absence Secre
tary. Hay took the shovel. ¦¦"'¦¦ > !
i The day was doubly significant, fromihe
fact that it was the anniversary of the
birth of Leland Stanford Jr. and the an
niversary of the founding of the college. ;
Luncheon at Burlingume.
BURLINGAME, May l^The luncheon
at Burling-ame planned for the President
and his party was given '/under the trees
back of the clubhouse this afternoon with
Secretary Hay in the.place of honor and
regrrets Instead of. the presence . of the
President. It was '. a quiet - affair and a
most pleasant one, and all, it lacked was
the presence I of the man for whom all
were waiting.'. ¦ ,
When the • party arrived at Burllngame
station . to . take the train for San Fran
cisco the St. Matthew's School Cadets
formed a guard .of honor from the car
riages to the cars, and as the train pulled
out of the station the ' cadet band struck
up a most inspiriting: march. i •
Secretary Hay, for President McKinley,
and Mr. George H. Newhall, as president
of the Burllngame Club, addressed the
boys stt Burlingame station.
— • .
VALLEJO READY ¦
.:. FOR VISITORS
BriuMNewFlaffsWlllBe
Flown in Honor of
Secretaru,
VALLEJO, May 14.— Senator Luchsin
ger, chairman of the Vallejo Citizens'
Congressional Committee, says that there
will be seven ty-flve people in the party
to - come - to the yard Thursday, and In
addition to Secretary Long and Admiral
Melville, Congressman Foss, chairman of
the House Naval Committee, will be in
the party.
On Thursday a beautiful Secretary of
the Navy flag will fly from one of the
staffs on the I handsome new
and bright new Stars and Stripes from
the other. : , \
MARIN COUNTY
IS GATHERING
President Will Be Met at
• Sausalito bu School
Children, "
SAN . RAFAEL,, -May . I4.f-Th!s county is
preparing to receive. President' McKinley
with open arms." From every schoolh'ouse
in the county children ; will^ flock to-Sau
sallto on the morning, of the 16th. Those
residing , In the , upper . end of the ' county
•will have to be up with the chickens : in
order to reach ; Sausalito on time. Forty-
Berkeley and Oakland Are
Prepared to Rush
Programme.
OAKLAND, May 14.—The general pro
gramme for the visit of: President Mc-
Kinley and his party to Oakland has not
been changed, in spite of the illness of
Mrs. McKinley. The arrangements as an
nounced in Th« Call this morning will be
carried out and no delays will be per
mitted at any part of the route. Every
thing will be put through as nearly on
time as the local. committees, assisted by
two troops of cavalry, two companies of
infantry and two companies of marines,
can make it. The condition of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the President's party will
make promptness an absolute necessity.
Of course, the big event of the day will
be the commencement day exercises at
Berkeley. These will be the first com
mencement exercises of the State Univer
sity witnessed by a 'President of the
United: States." In order that thero may
be no confusion that might delay the ex
ercises the holders of tickets are requested
BERKELEY, May 14.— The
Regents of the University
of California to-day con
ferred the degTee of L.L.' D.
upon President William
McKinley. It was done
upon- the recommendation)
of President Benjamin Id©
Wheeler "and the regents
unanimously accepted the recommenda
tion.
¦ This is not a common honor, for it is
only the sixth honorary degree, that has
been conferred by the California State
University, and but two others have re
ceived this degree from this university,
E. C. Pickering . and J. M. Schaeberle,
both astronomers. - - ...
California is not, however, the first to
bestow this degree upon the President.
He already ha3 been accorded the honor
by Harvard University, the University of
Chicago and Smith University.
PREGAUTIONS
AGAINST DELAY
Calif orni a Confers an
Honorary Degree
on the President
TWO UNIVERSITIES HONOR PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
THE SAN FKANCISCO GALL, WKEKNESDAY, MAY . 15, 1901.
4
Humors •
Spring's Inheritance From
wniic/.
•Waste matters^which the skin, kid-
neys and other organs were too torpid
(in the cold days) to take care of, and
cannot take care of now without help,
there is such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, and other eruptions,
loss of appetite, that tired feeling,
bilious turns, fits of indigestion, -dull
headaches and many other troubles
common in the spring are due to them.
Hood's Sarsapanlla
removes all humors, overcomes all their
effects, strengthens- and tone3 the who!«
system.
"I broke out with pimples, boils, eta
Hood's Sarsapanlla stopped this break*
ing out and improved my health." Har-
vey Pelton, Sharon, Kan.
• Hood's Sarsaparllla rromlse* tt
cure and keeos the promise.TACOMA, May, 14.— A new mining town
called Troy has been laid out in the Por
cupine mining district, near the junction
of the'Chilkat and Klahena rivers," Por
cupine River empties at Klahena River,
several miles above Troy, which is on the
American side, but very close to the in
ternational boundary. A few miles north
is the town of Wells, in British, Columbia,
where the camp of mounted police is lo
cated -. and , other .British officers reside.
Two roadhouses have been established at
Troy. and it is rapidly becoming a typical
mining towa, : ' »'•• - -
New Mining Town ¦ Founded.
victed by Court-Martial and Ssn- P.
; tenced to Imprisonment.
MANILA, May 14.— Thci military ' court
to-day .sentenced Commissary Sergeant
Woodcock to dismissal from the. army
and three years' imprisonment. He was
found guilty of having . improperly dis
posed of Government stores. ' *¦•¦ '/" "
Detectives and the police have broken
up a band of American, brigands, - who
have been operating in the province : of
Pampanga, north of and not far from
Manila. r George Raymond, Ulrich Rog
ers and Oscar Mushmullwr. have been cap
tured and Andrew Martin, Peter Heise,
George Mugh and two others are being
pursued. This band operated at Bacolor,
Pampanga province, and in that vicinity
and last Sunday they killed Henry Dow,
an American. . The band sometimes . rep-,
resented themselves ! as I American - desert
ers and at other times as American sol
diers. ' George Raymond wore; the uni
form of a captain. Raymond was for
merly a policeman in Manila.
Commissary Sergeant at Manila Con-
SELLS GOVERNMENT GOODS
AND MUST GO TO JAIL
• Great Wave of Applause. i
The mounted police of the marching
column coming along in brave style did
not reach the stand until nearly 5:30 p. m.
The escorts and the military' and naval
organizations passed along without inter
ruption. The enthusiasm .which the.'ad
vent of the mounted escort evoked grew
In volume, culminating in a great wave of
applause when the multitude saw the Vet
eran Guard of the Grand Army escorting
the- carriage in- which .sat the President,
Mayor Phelan and Irving M. Scott, chair
man of the executive committee. At a
point on the avenue north of Bush street
the countermarch began. Space was In
stantly cleared to permit , the President's
were conspicuous. They selected points
of vantage at convenient range to sweep
the field of humanity in that locality. The
crowd was reinforced by a contingent "of
little girls from the home of the Ladies',
Relief Society on Franklin street. The
little ones were lined up under the wire
ar.d permitted to rest Ip reclining atti
tudes until the boom of exploding* rock
ets heralded the near approach of the
President. ¦¦¦
ST, PETERSBURG, May 14.— Six hun
dred and fifty-two houses, ' including 190
shops, have' been \ destroyed by fire at
Brest,, in the province of .Warsaw. The
leu is given at U.000,000 ruble* .
Ruined and Loss of Property
Is Enormous. . •
FIRE DESTROYS HOMES
IN PROVINCE OF WARSAW
More -Than Six Hundred Houses Arc
. .Dr. Kellogg was called ino consultation
with Dr. Scoj,t. It was deemed' advisable
to amputate Cornell's leg, which had been
shattered by a bullet, above the knee.
When the leg was examined Dr. Kellogg
refused. to operate, as it was in such an
advanced stage of decomposition that the
operation would be useless. .- . ... . • '. . ',
It is reported that Cornell Sr., who is a
wealthy mine owner in Plumas County,'
has engaged detectives to investigate the
circumstances which led up to the shoot
ing, which may result fatally for. his son.
BAKERSFIELD, May 14.— G. P. Cornell
Jr., who was recently shot on the Mount
Diablo'claim in the Midway District dur
ing ' a battle for possession of the land,
may die of. his .wound. Though he has
been reported in an improved -condition
from .time to time, he Is at present so low
that the attending physicians are of the
¦opinion that there are no nope3 for his re
covery. ' • ';"„
DEATH MAY BE SEQUEL
TO THE MIDWAY BATTLE
G. P. Cornell Jr.
Likely to End the Life of
Wound Inflicted by a Vigilante
POPULAR interest in the
memorable parade attained
its highest Cegree when the
President alighted from his
carriage and stepped to the
reviewing stand on the west
side of Van Ness avenue,
between Post and Sutter
streets. Before the signal
from the dome of the Claus Snreckels
building proclaimed that the column was
in motion. Van' Ness avenue, on either
'side, from Market street to Bush, was
lined- with the expectant. The throng
grew in density until the head of the
column- wheeled into the avenue from
Market street. The multitude was good
natured but insistent. A detail of police
under the immediate command of Lieu
tenant Price found it necessary at times
to use gentle force to prevent the throngs
on the sidewalk from crowding against
others who were lined up against the
wire ropes.
Among the early comers photographers
carriage to drive close to the steps of the
stand nearest Sutter street.
The position assigned to the , President
was the front and center of the review
ing platform. On his right stood Irving
M. Scott and on his left Mayor «Phelan.
Grouped about him were John Hay, Sec
retaiy of State: ' Postmaster General
Smith, John D. Lons. Secretary of the
Navy;. Ethan Allen Hitchcock, Secretary
of the: Interior; James Wilson, Secretary
cf Agriculture; Secretary Cortelyou,
Charles Moore, Governor Gage, Lieuten-'
ant Governor Neff, Governor Nash of
Ohio, Governor Geer of Oregon, and their
respective staffs; Admiral Casey,; Admiral
Melville, Major General Shatter, Horaca
Davis, John D. Spreckels. George E.
Morse, J. M. Gleaves, W. W. Montague,
George A. Newhall, Joseph S. Spear Jr..
Henry J. Crocker, Adjutant General Sea
mans, A. A. Watkins, C. M. Hays. F. W.
Dohrmann, Marshall B. Woodworth. D. E.
McKinlay, Julius Kahn and many others.
McKinley Reviews the Parade.
As the President reviewed the column
of troops he chatted occasionally with
those, at his side. He shook hands with
several ladies who were brought forwar-i.
It was observed that he was punctual in
returning salutes from the passing pro
cession and that he never failed to re
move his hat when the colors went by.
When the survivors. of his old regiment,
bearing the -regimental flag, passed he
bowed in gracious saluation to his com
rades and remarked. "There goes the flap:
of my ¦ old I regiment." • In his - comments
on the demonstration he spoke of the-or
derly management of the affair and the
cordial bearing of the multitude. Secre
tary Hay was delighted over the demon
stration, saying- that it even surpassed
the great parade in Chicago. ~"
The President, accompanied by Mayor
Phelan and Irvinir M. Scott.'ieft the.re
viewing stand for his temporary residence
in the city before the entire column had
passed in review. Governors Gage. Nash
and Geer, with their respective staffs, re
mained until the avenue at Sutter street
was clear of countermarching troops.
Carriages were brought up from the wait
ing line on Sutter street just as the vast
crowd was ', dissolving, hence, the police
had some active work to do in clearing
away space for the vehicles and prevent
ing mishaps t» women and children.
BUTTE, Mont., May 14.— The Anaconda
Mining Company and the Great Northern
Railroad announce that the mining com
pany machine shops at Anaconda and the
railroad machine shops at Great Falls,
which have been closed for some time on
account of labor troubles, will remain
closed permanently and the machinery
transported elsewhere. According to the
company's officials, frequent " efforts to
treat with the strikers at both places
nave proved unavailing and as trouble Is
constantly occurring it is proposed in this
way to put an end to It.
ST. PAUL. May 14.— The Great North
ern it is said, will hereafter have all its
work done at the Spokane or, St. Paul
shops. Several thousand men are . said
to have been thrown out of employment
by t.ie different shutdowns.
Eeyolt Is a Failure.
SAN DOMINGO. May 14.— The revolt In
the provinces of Moca and Lavega has
proved a failure. The operations of the
Government troops, led by Vice President
VasQuez, have been successful and the
rebel I*a4er» h&v« been made prisoner*,
Frequency of Strikes Causes Great
Northern to Make Important
Changes in Montana.
ANACONDA WILL LOSE
THE RAILROAD SHOPS
his death like a soldier on the field at Ma
nila. . »
AH along the line of march there were
many humorous and pathetic incidenta.
As the President's carriage passed
through Third street the little faces that
peered over the wire ropes lighted with
joy and chubby hands were ralr-d and
piping voices cheered the man. of tiie hour
as he passed. Old women and men who
are on the verge of the grave smiled on
and cheered the honored guest. Cameras
clicked from every side and enough photo
graphs were taken to be souvenirs of "the
momentous occasion for a lifetime.
Even the crippled were given an oppor
tunity to watch the grand spectacle. Many
of them were wheeled up to the wire
ropes and watched the magnificent parade
as it passed.
Little Ones See the President.
Mothers guarded their little ones and
lifted them up to see the President and
the children gazed at him in open-eyed
wonder. On Van Ness avenue little or
phans dressed in their dark blue uniforms
and dresses and in charge of kindly Sis
ters of Mercy, silently greeted the distin
guished visitor as he rode by. #
When the President passed St. Ignatius
College, Mayor Phelan called his atten
tion to the Jesuit fathers who crowded
the windows, and he bowed gracefully to
them and they in return waved him a
dignified salute. The President was
pleased with the decorations and gazed
with a pleased eye on the immense pic
ture that surmounted the side of the
structure. The cheering that greeted the
President as he passed the students of
St. Ignatius was incessant.
College Rooters.
General Shafter's heart was gladdened
by the cheers that greeted him all along
the line of march. The gray-haired vet
eran sat on his black charger with dig
nity und with graceful waves of his
plumed chapeau he returned the hearty
salutes given him by his admirers. Con
gressman Kahn occupied a seat in a car
riage and was also given a hearty greet
ing by his friends and admirers. Gover
nor Gage and Governor Nash sat side by
side and their hats were constantly up
lifted in response to the huzzas that greet-,
ed them.
MY BOY ought to be
here." sobbed a little
old woman yesterday as
the First California
Regiment passed the
Phelan building^ As she
spoke tears coursed
down her withered
cheeks and sobs shook
her aged frame.
"He went with them to Manila and
never returned," she sobbed in answer to
the questions put by those surrounding
her.
The dead soldier's mother was brave, as
such mothers usually are, and endeav
ored to dry her eyes and pay her meed
of applause as the regiment marched by,
but the effect was too much, and she
would have fallen to the ground if by
standers had not caught her. Kindly
hands were extended, and the mother of
a Manila hero was escorted to a doorway,
•where, surrounded by strangers, she
sobbed as If her heart was breaking.
She was more than brave, was this lit
tle woman, w~o gave her son to Uncle
Sam, and soon regained her composure.
Smiling gratefully to those whose sym
pathy had enabled her to witness the
comrades of her boy as they massed by,
she asked to be taken again to the edge
of the sidewalk, from where she saw the
rest of the parade. With moistened eyes
and quivering lips she stood gazing at the
blue-clad militiamen as they passed, but
uttered never a word. When the parade
was o\'er she quietly disappeared.
Another patnetlc incident of the march
was presented on Van Ness avenue. Two
young women who were dressed in black
occupied places on the curb and as the
procession passed their ratriotism was ex
emplified in the hearty cheers for the hon
ored visitor. But when the First Cali
fornia Regiment passed, led by their band,
their eyes . filled with tears and they
turned their heads away and wept. The
tears were for a brother who had gone
away with the brave volunteers and met
ROMANTIC WEDDING
IN YUKON CAPITAL
Captain Edward Bright and Mrs.
Buckley, Both of San Francisco,
the Principals.
TACOMA. May 14.— In Dawson two
weeks ago was solemnized one of the most
romantic marriages that has taken place
in the Klondike. The principals were
Captain Edward Bright and Mrs. Buck
ley, both residents of San Francisco. A
Dawson dispatch received at Skaguay
says they were wedded at the home of
the Rev. Mr. Hetheriiigton, pastor of the
Dawson Methodist Church, in the pres
ence of several friends. • Both are middle
aged and have kno«vn one another since
childhood, having attended school to
gether.
Mrs. Buckley was formerly the wife of
John Buckley, who in later years became
purser on a steamship commanded by
Captain Bright. Mrs. Buckley sometimes
went to sea with her husband, thus con
tinuing the warm iviendship existing be
tween herself and Captain Bright. A
period of ten years then elapsed before
they met several months ago in Dawson,
where Captain Bright has large mining
interests. Mrs. Buckley had been wid
owed. Their friendship was renewed and
culminated in the wedding. After closing
their Klondike business they will live In
£an Francisco.
One Woman Gives Way to Grief When the
First Californias Pass,. Thinking of the
Soldier Boy Who Died in Distant Land
Many Pathetic Incidents Are Witnessed
Along the Line of March, Caused by Sor
rowful Remembrances of Unhappy Events
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT IB, . 1901.
VAST CONCOURSE AROUND THE REVIEWING STAND
Immense Throng Congregates on Van Ness Avenue, Where the
President Mounts a Platform to View the Grand Pageant of
Marching Soldiery and Veterans Passing in Review Before Him
Continuous Cheers Go Up From the Multitude of Spectators
PRESIDENT McKINLSY AT THE REVIEWING STAND ON VAN NESS AVENUE.
5A RECENT discussion in Parliament brought out
certain facts in relation to affairs in Ashantee
which afford a ready made theme and plot for
a rousing romance. It appears the British are eagerly
searching for a golden stool used as a throne by the
ki^gs of the Ashantee tribes and regarded by the na
tives with superstitious reverence. It is believed by
the British that if they can obtain the precious stool
and seat their man on it the Ashantees will accept him
as King and the British will be able to rule them in
peace from that time on.
The stool, however, is lost. "... When last removed
from the royal headquarters two chiefs and two slaves
had charge of it. The slaves were required to bury
the stool, and as soon as'they had completed the task
they were put to death. The secret hiding place of
the sacred stool was then known only to the two
chiefs, but both of- them were killed in recent battles,
and now no one knows where to look for it.
A CHANCE FOR ROMANCE.
Taken at its best the showing is not a pleasant one.
The nations seem to have expended wealth about as
fast as it was created. The' twentieth century starts
rich indeed in the way of all forms of material good,
but with heavy mortgages in the way of- national in
debtedness to.be 'paid off, so that really the nations
are not much better off financially than they were a
century ago.
1882....;.......... ; 26,249,901,000 "
1901 ....31,493,749,000'
It thus appears that the debts of the nations at the
close of the nineteenth century were 1200 per cent
greater than at the close of the eighteenth. During
that period the population of the countries owing the
¦debts increased by 150 per cent, and gold and silver,
which form the basis upon which the debts are to be
paid, increased by 300 per, cent.
The- situation, however, is not so bad as. appears
from the face of the figures. The wealth of Great
Britain, France, Spain and the United States in 1800
is estimated at $20,244,640,000; while Mulhall in 1895
estimated their wealth at $195,759,8297660, or practi
cally ten times that at the beginning, of .the century.
The debts of these four nations in 1793 aggregated
but $1,630,270^000, and in 1900 were $11,764,000,000, or
seven times as much as in 1793. If the rate of
growth in wealth which has characterized the four
nations whose growth during the century may be also
properly applied to the world at large it may be said
that the growth of national wealth has about kept
pace with that .of national indebtedness.
x It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that while it is
true the greater part of the huge debt now resting
upon the nations was caused by wars or by the main
tenance of military, or other non-profitable establish
ments, a considerable part of it represents national
improvements in one form or another. The contribu
tions of the United States and Great Britain to the
aggregate indebtedness of the world have been due
almost wholly to wars, but with other nations it is not
so. France has contributed about $4,ooo,ooo]boo, but
not all for war, since some of the debt arises from
state purchase of railroads, a productive enterprise.
The 'German addition has been less than a billion
dollars, and this partly on account of railways. The
Russian addition has been some $3,000,000,000, also to
a material extent on account of state ownership and
construction of railways and other public works.
1820.. 7,299,750,000
1848 <....... 8,419,045,000
1862 ....13,382,875,000 ,
1S72 22,410,232,000
OWING to the public interest in the rapidly
augmenting debt of Great Britain the United
States Treasury Bureau of Statistics has com
piled a statement showing the national debts of the
world at this time in comparison with what they were
at the beginning of the Napoleonic wars.
The total amounts of such debts at various periods
is given as follows: .
1793... $2,433,250,000
THE DEBTS OP THE NATIONS.
A New York man whose legs had been amputated
went crazy after being dismissed from the hospital
and killed- himself because, as he said, his toe hurt
him so he couldn't, sleep. Doubtless, moreover, the
irritation was aggrafated by the fact that he couldn't
scratch his toe nor put a poultice on it.
..All over this country the club movement
is: spreading, in cities, in towns and in
farming. communities, and it Is Impossible
I It would be most suggestive to cite the
example of Individual clubs which have
exerted a great influence on the civic life
of their communities, but where all have
done well It is almost invidious to sinele
out a few. k - Some of the clubs in the laree
cities, aro chiefly -occupied with municipal
conditions. Among those of the most
prominence are. the women's clubs of Den
ver, of San. Francisco, of Cincinnati, of
New Orleans and of Chicago, and the
Civic Club- of Philadelphia! The last
named Is a splendid example of what n
disinterested, intelligent body of women
can accomplish for the advancement of a
community. . - .
A meeting of the women's clubs of the
Southwestern States was held recently in
Kansas City to decide on the part which
club women should take in the exposition
which is to be held -in St. Louis to cele
brate the centennial of the Mississippi
purchase. Eleven States sent delegates.
The Important decision was reached not
to ask for a separate building for wom
en's exhibits, but to place all' articles
manufactured by women, either In facto
ries or at home, in the general classifica
tion. .
Influence That Continually Widens.
• .The success of the World's Columbian
Exposition, especially that ¦ of the con
gresses auxiliary, was greatly aided by
the enthusiasm of the women's clubs.
They made that exposition an object . of
study while it was in process of construc
tion, attended the various congresses and
returned home to arouse their own com
munities to the benefit and pleasure to be
derived from a visit to the exposition.
When there was a doubt as I to .whether
the President vrould be able to appoint a
woman commissioner to the Paris Expo
sition every president of a State federa
tion sent a petition asking that one or
more women commissioners be appointed,
and the larger number named Mrs. Potter
Palmer as their choice. Also when it was
doubtful if women would be named on the
Jury of award of the, Paris Exposition t the
federation presidents sent telegrams to
the commissioner general urging him to
use his Influence to obtain the appointing
of women' on tbc Jury.
The subject of "Peace and Arbitration"
has been studied in the clubs. ' During
the sessions of the international peace
conference at The Hague a cable of ap
preciation ¦ and a promise of co-operation
was sent by the board of the General Fed
eration of Womens' Clubs to the dele
gates. ". *\>.'i
During the Spanish American war the
women's clubs took a prominent part in
relief measures and in providing for the
comfort of the soldiers. This was notably
true 'of the Western cities, such as Den
ver, San Francisco, Boise and Salt Lake
City. The clubs in those cities sent com
mitt«es to meet the men in transit, pro
vided warm meals and did - everything
possible to secure a comfortable trip for
the soldiers. . . - . • - !
Women's Clubs and World's Fairs. ,
The women's clubs have always thrown
their influence on the side of civil ser
vice reform. At the Milwaukee biennial
meeting of the .General Federation of
Women's Clubs a session was held in
which the subject I was discussed. The
women's auxiliary of the New York Civil
Reform Association recently offered two
prizes, one of $100 and the other of $50,
for the best essay on the 'subject of civil
service reform, the competition to be re
stricted to members of clubs holding
membership in either the general federa
tion or a State federation. The Massa
chusetts federation has a committee on
civil . service, which has organized into
committees in the clubs.
After the murder of Governor Goebel
the "Emergency Association" was formed
in Kentucky, with headquarters in Ltfuis
ville. * In that city alone there are over.
4000 members. Branches are being,rap
idly organized in other cities and towns.
The object of the association, which is
largely comDOsed of women, is "to incul
cate principles of good citizenship, to urge
a single standard of conduct ; for public
and private life and to enforce the laws
against murder, carrying concealed weap
ons," etc Ultimately some of these prin
ciples will affect the "troubled political
life", of the State. '
Civil Service Reform and Arbitration
The Massachusetts ' federation held 'an
important exhibit last April in Boston of
the home industries of the country; • Rugs,
blue and*- white * needlework from ~Deer
field, the weaving of the. Georgia, Tennes
see! and Kentucky -women and of the
Acadlans, together with. the lace, .baskets
and embroideries of the Mexican and In
dian women, were displayed. Altogether
it was a "brave show" and most encour
aging. *
The Women's Club of Central. Kentucky
held last summer an exhibit of arts and
crafts .which was very successful. It
opened a market for the sale .of some of
the curios. and the beautiful weaving of
the mountain people.
This movement has its counterpart In
the "town and country" club> of Minne
sota, Missouri and Kansas: also in the
"summer camps" under the < auspices of
the Kentucky federation. The first of
these camps was started in a mountain
county by four young ladies, who, with
their chaperon, camped out all summer,
teaching the mountain women and chil
dren to sew, to mend, to cut out. to cook
and other simple household duties. The
mountaineers flocked to the camp and
eagerly offered themselves as pupils. Last
summer a ; large number of clubwomen
spent the entire season in the mountains
working on the same lines. Such personal
devotion and good-fellowship must become
a social power and win these shy and sus
picious people into comradeship. -:'V-v'
The 'Cosmos dub of Chattanooga has
Introduced the weaving of carpets Into
the mountain districts, furnishing artistic
designs and providing a market. \ '•¦• - v ¦•*' '
Work Among Mountain Women.
federation has aroused Interest all over
the State in school sanitation and has
spent in two years over $6000 In decorating
model schoolrooms.
The Louisiana federation, as soon as it
was organized, began to work on civlo
lines. The Shreveport "Woman's Club is
erecting a public fountain. The Woman s
Club of New Orleans is trying to clean the
streets, and the publio is being. educated
by it to a realization of the unkempt con
dition of the cities and villages.
A woman's club of Harriman, Tenn.,
found the sidewalks of the town In a de
plorable condition and . when not abl6
otherwise to Improve them its members
have rebuilt them. I This same club has
offered a prize for the best-kept tenement
house and has placed receptacles for
waste paper in all the publio buildings.
The/ president of the federation of Okla
homa Territory and Indian Territory re
ports that "the pioneer woman is a great
factor in the public movement of a pio
neer-commonwealth-" The clubs of her
federation, she says, are Interested on
civic lines of work. Streets and alleys
have been made clean; trees have been
planted and their destruction prevented;
parks have been begun; cemeteries have
been cared for; schoolrooms have been
adorned with works of art and school
grounds have been tastefully laid out. To
appreciate the full force of this report a
person must be conversant with the diffi
culties with which settlers of new or out
lying States have to. contend.
A unique association has been organized
in Iowa called, the Daughters of Cerea.
The headquarters : of the club is in Des
Moines and thejbrauch clubs are scattered
in the farming districts. The members are
wives and daughters of farmers; it is said
that some of them clnve over twelve miles
to attend the semi-monthly meetings.
They have a system of circulating-librar
ies among their branch clubs, and have
debates on social and economic subjects,
especially on such as Interest rural popu
lations. ¦.';;-, ¦¦.<,;-; ;>
All the State'federations have appointed
committees on legislative work, the mem
bers of which are selected from different
parts of the State. When a law is pro
posed which must affect the entire State
it is absolutely necessary to secure the .co
operation of the country women as well
as those of the city. Thus" many an object
lesson of the interdependence of town and
country has been taught the club women.-
Some remarkable results have been ob
tained through the efforts of these com
mittees. There is space here to give only
a few examples,' but every State federa
tion has secured some needed legislation.
In Delaware the educational committee of
the State federation and a committee from
the Legislature and the constitutional
convention held many conferences which
resulted in the creation. of. a State board
of education and new and Improved school
laws. Sanitary ; school, conditions were
made obligatory and women were qualified
to vote for school trustees by the payment
of a small property tax, as on silverware,
etc. At the next meetinfe of the General
Assembly of the State a bill will be pre
sented by the federation making school
attendance compulsory, also a bill to cre
ate a State normal school and a bill for
the protection of children on coast ves
sels and Inland waterways. The federa
tion of the District of Columbia during
the first year it was organized secured an
entire modification of; the laws which af
fect the:legal status of . women. As the
district contains the national capital it
cannot fail. to have an important effect on
the legal status of women in all the States
to have the district laws conform to those
enacted by the most advanced States and
thus be in harmony, with* liberal public
opinion. . The committee having in charge
the amendment of these laws went before
the Senate and House committees and
were so well received that they went the
next year and obtained the adoption of
the kindergarten as : a *part of the public
school system of the district. ¦
i The legislative committee of the Michl-'
gan federation has obtained . the passage
of a^ bill through the Legislature placing
.women physicians in air State institutions
where women and children are held; also
a bill authorizing women to vote in school
elections. • The State federation of'Mary
land is seconding the admirable efforts of
the geological department of Johns Hop
kins University in endeavoring to secure
needed legislation in favor of good roads.
That federation is • also assisting ~ in the
preservation " of • colonial manor houses,'
churches, cemeteries. and old county rec
.ords.- As a state is 1 very rich
In colonial relics. .
; ', Other,! Public Works.
. The educational committee of the Maine
Legislative Work of Clubs.
The club life and its interests are prov
ing . a bond of union between the city
women and the country women. JThey are
thereby discovering that their welfare is
promoted by active co-operation; that
they must work together to secure edu
cational advantages, library facilities and
a broader social life. •:-"¦¦*.
In the past the town and country have
held apart, as if they had no common tie.
One of the factors which is pressing these
seemingly: separate Interest is the annual
meeting of each State federation, where
the programme is prepared by a commit
tee selected from all parts of the State,
so no subject is treated from one point of
view and all discussion must take a wiSe
range. The; civic club of a large city, pre
sents a report of its achievements and*
dlfficutles and it may be followed by- a
report from a rural club which has just
secured, by great' effort, a law to estab
lish a village pound and to keep the cat
tle off the streets. r The report of the pub
lic school art societies has aroused a de
sire to improve the conditions of both city
and rural schools, and city and country
women co-operate to this end.
Mrs. Bourland of Peoria, 111., in one of
her drives through the country happened
on a little schoolhouse which appeared
unkempt and most' unlovely. She went in
and found the inside even more neglected;
the teacher, a young man, was interested
in his school and earnest to do all in his
power to help his pupils. He told his vis
itor that she was the first person who had
ever evinced the least interest in' the
school. Mrs. Bourland promised to aid
him and ultimately secured some fine
photogravures to hang on the walls.- The
teacher told her that many of the chil
dren then saw for the first time a work
of art. .
City Women and Country. Women.
In the large cities it was not difficult to
enter public life through the door of edu
cation. The initial step being taken it
was only a question of time when all pub
lic interests would command the attention
of the clubs. The attempt to solve educa
tional problems brought the members face
to face with others equally vital and dim
cult of solution— glaring evils. which af
fected the children in each neighborhood,
or the name in which they lived, or the
bread winner on whom the child was de
pendent. Each situation in turn resolved
itself into a discussion which , in time
opened up all the field of industrial
achievement 1 and especially the part which
women and children take-in factory and
mercantile life. The clubs of the large
cities were at onco interested in many
forms of public activity, instituting re
forms, administering charity, ¦ aiding - In
civic efforts, securing legal protection for
women and children, -placing women In
public institutions where women and
children were confined, amending the fac
tory laws, serving on committees for
tenement house reform; helping to secure
public parks and playgrounds— in a word,
their interest soon embraced all the large
civil movements.
Even the clubs in the smaller towns and
villages have found a wide scope for prac
tical, effort They have . simple . civic in
stitutfons, Tjiit it takes great' courage to
criticizeHhe members -of ' school boards,
the Aldermen or the Mayor. The members
must use great tact when suggesting that"
any institutions may be improved,. for of
ten ! the town officers are family* connec
tions of some one member and the criti
cism is almost personal. But the neces
sary courage has been . found and rural
districts will improve now that women are
looking out of the doors into the com
munity life.
Taking TJp Other Questions.
.The- primary purpose of the. women's
clubs entirely precludes . the possibility
that they should become, in any sense of
the term, political associations. The clubs
have evinced a great aversion to interfer
ing in political questions or taking any
action In which State or national partisan
issues were involved. They have recog
nized that. the members were representa
tive of all shades of political beliefs and
have avoided all controversy on political
lines. The numerous civic and s'ociologlcal
activities now conducted under the aus
pices of the. clubs have been undertaken
through a stem sense of duty and have
been on strictly I non-partisan lines. ; The
clubs realized somewhat slowly what a
power is association, but once awakened
to a consciousness of the opportunity
which concerted action . gave they were
not slow in putting it into practice by en
tering on a semi-public career. ¦
At present every department club has
a section devoted to civic action or sociol
ogical investigation. When the clubs first
realized their civic duty the only work
in which they could unite was education,
so a. department or committee on educa
tion was organized, in which was cen-,
tered the study and thought of the active
club members. Most of the clubs inaug
urated practical work on educational lines
by supporting kindergartens until the
school boards of their localities were suf
ficiently educated to incorporate the sys
tem into the public schools. In most of the
cities where this result has been achieved
it was through the efforts v( the women's
clubs, aided by private donations. The
fund which has . been raised recently by
the clubs of. Pittsburg and Allegheny City
to support kindergartens for the children
in the mining districts offers a case in
point, and an example which could be
multiplied by citing the report of every
State federation.
correspondent wants to know If a certain
police officer was asked to resign from
the force on the ground that he had ac
cepted a bribe to get a man on the police
force. The powers that be will not tell,
and therefore it Is one of the police mys
teries. " -'• .
APPEAL TO RBASON-N. S., Oakland.
Cal. There is a paper published in Glrard,
Kans., called "Appeal to Reason." Row
ell's Newspaper Directory does not give
its circulation. If you will look In Row-,
ell's Directory you will find the circula
tion of newspapers generally. You wiil
find the book In the Free Library.
'¦: INVESTMENTS— F. A. T., Amador
City.- Cal. . This department, does not ad~<
vertlse private business concerns, nor
does it advise correspondents that a cer
tain concern "is a good and safe invest
ment for a wage earner who can save a
few dollars, a month." A man who wants
to invest money should do so only after a.
personal investigation.
BIRD LIME-L. H. D., Bisbee. Ariz.
The . following Is the manner in. which
bird'* lime is prepared: Boil the middle
bark of the holly, gathered in June or
July, for bIx or eight hours in water, un
til it becomes tender; then drain off the
-water and place it in a pit under ground
in layers with fern and surround It with,
stones. Leave it to ferment for two or
three weeks, until It forms a sort of mu : .
cllage, which must be pounded in a mor
tar into a mass and well rubbed between
the hands in running 1 water, until, all the
refuse is worked out; then place 'It in an
earthen vessel and leave it for four or
five days to ferment and purify itself.
Bird lime may also be made from mistle
toe berries and the bark of the wayfar
ing tree and other vegetables by a simi
lar process. Should any of It stick to the
hands it may be removed by the means
of a little oil of lemon bottoms or turpen
tine.' It Is to be used by rubbine it over
twigs to catch Bmall birds or small ani
mals. ' i < "'
APOIJCE MYSTERY— A. S., City. Thl3
freighter Californian was launched during 1
the early part of 1900. Her dimensions
are* Length 413, breadth 51, depth 22,
eross tonnage 5879, net tonnage 4597, apeecJ
10 knots. ¦¦ ¦:"<¦
BICARBONATE OF SODA- A. S., City.
Bicarbonate of soda given to a horse Is
for a laxative and for the purpose of ton
ing the stomach. It ia given with other
Ingredients and In small doses, not to ex
ceed two drains.
GENIUS AND APPLICATION— F. D..
City. Genius Is Indicative of high mental;
especially originative and artistic, powers
and faculties. Application, by which a
person Is enabled to do that which others
have done, is not genius; It Is imitation.
pany. ¦
OIL LANDS— C. R., Woodland. CaL A
lengthy and important ruling defining the
status of the oil producing lands was pub
lished in the San Francisco Call of the
26th of April, 190L .
THE CALJFORNIAN— A. S.. City. Tha
department of a steamship^ company
should file his application with the com-
TO FIX COLORS-Gracella, Vallejo,
Cal. Any first class paint house will fur
nish material for fixing indelibly India Ink
or sepia.
ENGINEER— Subscriber, City. A per
son seeking: employment In the engineer
ANSWERS'TO QUERIES
Such is the argument put forward by the advocates
of Panama. Against it stand the reports' of the va
rious commissions appointed by the United States
Government. The issue is complicated by the action
of the Senate in rejecting the Hay treaty with Great
Britain in relation to the construction of the Nicar
aguan canal. It is a big fight, and the sooner it is
fought out the better. The country wishes an isth
mian canal, and is less interested, in 'the route than
in the early completion of'the waterway.
Finally, he argues, it would be folly to construct a
canal across a country so subject to earthquakes as is
that through which the Nicaraguan route passes. He
'cites records to^shpw there has been no destructive
earthquake near Panama in two hundred years', while
there have been numerous disastrous earthquakes on
the very line of the proposed Nicaraguan route within
the last sixty years.
would be equally unsuccessful, and still fewer to en
tertain thejnp.tion that, once 'in possession ofithe canal
Equally; favorable conditions of Vcohtfolf could ]not; ; be
obtained from the Colombian Government as are now
promised by Nicaragua and Costa Rica."
Passing to a consideration of the comparative avail
ability of the two routes for commerce, he maintains
that the slight advantage in point of I distance that
would be gained in a voyage between our Atlantic
and .Pacific coasts - by way of / Nicaragua - as
compared with Panama would be practically lost
by the delay caused, in the passage of the
more numerous locks, the tortuous curves and
the greater length, of the proposed Nicaraguan canaL
The latter would be four times. as long as its rival —
187 miles as against 47/ miles for the Panama canal. ;
As between Atlantic ports and the west coast of South
America the steaming distance, computed on a time
basis, would be less by nearly . seven hundred miles
by way of Panama than by way of Nicaragua, and
Hawaii and all ports of China and Japan would also
be nearer via the former route.
to overestimate the educational vaJue on
the community.Ufe. The work of the clubs
has been accomplished, by Insistent effort
and by co-operation with existing ,-flgen
cies. and therefore without rousing
tagonlsm. The only regret is that clubs
do not half appreciate their power and are
slow to wield it on some occasions when
it would be of immense benefit But their
sphere of influence is ever widening and
they will continue to be a potent factor in
the life of the nation.
Xm.— WOMEtfS CLTJBS AND PUBLIC " MOVEMENTS."
Mrs. Ellen., M. Henrotln.
By
EK-PRESIDENT OF T&E GENERAL FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS.
Questions of Timely and Important Interest
Which Have, Engaged American
Women's Clubs. --kI
Prepared, by Experts and .-Specialists for
¦ : The San Frangisgo Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPIC.
While Buffalo is running an exposition in this coun
try Glasgow is running one for Europe, but while
each of them may think a great deal of the. other
neither is saying anything complimentary
The Canadians and the Australians are making
preparations for exploring the unknown wilds of their
vast domain. . Each expects to find new sources of
wealth and new means of surpassing the other/ It
is a close rivalry for the position of chief colony.of the
empire at present, but in. the end it may mean a strug
gle as to which shall 'first set up for itself as an inde
-¦-„ •¦•¦.•'• ¦¦--; - -•
pendent country.
Several of our Eastern contemporaries, carried
away by the enthusiasm engendered by the ovations
McKinley has received at every point of his route,
have declared in favor of giving him a third term,
and one of^them, the Worcester (Mass.) Gazette say»:
"It might be profitable to sweep away the eld barrier
of prejudice against third terms." That is what a
President gets for being universally popular. Some
of the people are never willing to give him a rest *
In the Commoner for last week. Bryan gives a com
plimentary notice to the report of a grand tour ar
ranged for David Bennett HilL by his friends, but
after giving a list of the States through which the al
leged tour is to be made he adds: "As the States to
be visited happen to be the ones-in which Democrats,
Populists and Silver Republicans co-operate, it will
be interesting to know whether Mr. Hill will under
take to persuade the Democrats of the West to op
pose fusion and thus aid the Republican party, or
whether he has become a convert to those policies
which have led to the triple alliance." That is put
ting an awkward question to David, but if he make
the tour he will have to meet it.
MEN all over the country are breathing easier
now that the Wall street cyclone has passed
and blown over only houses of paper.
Time was that such a tempest on the street would
have gone far beyond paper properties, would have
destroyed confidence, depressed prices of staples,
caused a run on the banks and started an industrial
panic
We do not deny that industrial depressions will
occur under any system of finance and any standard
of value, but it is a satisfaction to know that with
everything based on the gold standard a speculative
panic does not project into the industrial field and
produce a panic there. '
The industrial credits of the country rest upon the
gold standard, and even if depression come-liquida
tion, which is the jettisoning of cargo in an industrial
storm, will not be cas destructive as it would be upon
a less solid basis.
In the paper storm on Wall street a great deal of
good money was lost But it was money earned in
the country's industrial operations, to take to itself
wings and fly away in speculation. Speculation is a
luxury. There is none of it when industrial depression
stops the profits of legitimate trade. Men don't specu
late then, just as they don't buy fine raiment, build
fine houses, take fine pleasure tours, or drink fine
wines. But give them legitimate profits of business
and they indulge in all these.
If they lose in the luxury of speculation it is some
comfort to know that they can go back into the
staple market and repair their losses out of legitimate
trade, which they could not do if a speculative panic
were followed by an industrial panic.
It is now quite safe to conclude that trade condi
tions are firm and will continue through the year
without any alarming symptoms, and for this condi
tion we have to thank the improved soundness of our
financial system.
SOUND FINANCES.
WEDNESDAY .MAY 15, 1901
- JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Atirtti All ComnmaiettiOM t» W. 8. I.EAKE, . Maaiger. ;:_;-..
M A V A G
1*LBLICA.TIO>' OFFICE. . .Marlcet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Preii SOX. /„
EDITORLAX nOOSIS....«2IT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. . . ¦
Delivered tiy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weefc.
(Slnjrle Coplew. 8 Cent!.' ¦ • Y.
Terms by Mail, Including Poataret '_ ;
r>AILY CAXJi (including Sunday), one year .?«.M
DAILY CAXJb (including Sunday), f months t.to
3DA1X.T CALL* (Including Sunday), » months 1.60
IDAILT CAXir— By Single Month . - «fe
WZEKLT CALU On* Tear ... ~— — . l.»
All postmasters are authorized to' receive
subscriptions.
temple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Kali ~ eubeerfbero In ordering cbanre of Bfldr***' should ¦ be
particular to «lr» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lrrore a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
D AJKLAJTD OFFICE /... 1118 BroadTray
• - . ; C' ; GEORGE KROGJTRS9.
If it i per Foreign Adrtrtts'mg, HtrqTieUe Bcllding. Chieags. •
. (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2C1I.")
new' toek bkpresentattvbs
C C. CARLTO.f. ................. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: ':¦¦¦¦
STEPHEN B. SMITH. 30 Tribune B nil dins:
NEW TORE KEWS STANDBt •
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, U Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel. . ¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
Ebannaa House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIXGTOJT (D. C.) OFFICE.. . .1406 O St., W. W.
MORTOX E. CRANK, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 100 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 6SS
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
f» o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. ' 1096 Valencia, open
er-tll t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second end Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The first of the two objections the professor dis
misses with the statement: "There will be few to be
lieve that because a commission not authorized to
enter into a formal trade transaction was unable to
obtain satisfactory conditions of transfer from the
present Panama Canal Company the United States
By way of explaining why the commission reported
in favor of the Nicaraguan route despite the advantages
of the other line, he says: "The decision of the com
mission is based primarily on two considerations:
(1) The assumed impossibility for th.e United States
to obtain full and absolute control of the rights, and
franchises which are involved in the Panama canal,
and- (2) the belief, unfortunately not justified by the
facts, that the* Nicaraguan 'route has commercial ad
vantages in being the shorter and more direct trade
carrier." .
The most notable of recent contributions to the
discussion has been furnished to the Philadelphia
"Record by Professor Angelo Heilprin, vice president
of the Geographical Society of that city. The pro
fessor warmly advocates the Panama route. He
quotes the report of the Isthmian Canal Commission
submitted last November, to the effect that the con
struction of the Nicaraguan route will cost $200,000,000,
while the Panama canal can be completed for
$58,000,000 "less; ' and, furthermore, that the annual
cost of maintaining, the Nicaraguan canal would be
much greater than that required to maintain the
shorter route. . \
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL PROBLEM.
BY reason of the recent offer of the new Panama
Canal Company to sell its franchise and prop
erty to the United States, and the agreement
of the Colombian Minister at Washington to obtain
the assent of his Government to the transfer, a re
vived interest has been given to discussion of
comparative merits of the Panama and the Nicaraguan
routes. The subject, therefore, will doubtless be ex
tensively debated during the summer, as* Congress
will probably be called upon next winter to finally, de
cide between the two. :".•,.-.
A Berlin dispatch announces that Count von Wald
ersee is expected to return to that city in June; and
now the nations can sing the good old song about
"Tidings of' Comfort and Joy."
San Francisco will do her. metropolitan duty. Into
its discharge enters the spirit of all our people. The
Italian and Greek fishermen on the bay, in their round
wool caps, the picturesque people in our Latin quar
ter, the folk from the Danubian states and the Bal
kans, the. bankers and merchants, and the Asiatics, all
mingle their personalities into one great figure, which
represents the metropolitan" individuality, and lights
the welkin and makes it echo to the shouts of a popu
lation that speaks more languages than caused the first
strike in the building trades on the tower of Babel.
While we banquet him and talk business to him,
and grow florid in describing our resources, and'
prophetic as we arrange a horoscope and paint our
future, it is all in high fellowship and has no dross of
self-interest. It is pleasing a guest, not soliciting a
stranger.
This marks the great line of division between the
government of a republic and a monarchy.. The
President is a genuine expression of the popular ideal
and will. The monarch represents the spirit and pur
pose of one family, and that frequently the least pro
gressive in his realm: . .-.. .¦ - .
Every Californian looks upon Jhe President as the
reflection and incarnation of his own best, of his
highest purpose and his ultimate devotion to his
country. San Francisco displays her hospitality in
this spirit. In many important respects the brightest
and most intellectual city on the continent, theimetro
polis sees in the President an image of her highest
thought, in his official career steadfastness to prin
ciple, and in his domestic life a model' that may be
ckerished in every home. i
Therefore his welcome to the metropolis of the
Pacific hemisphere is an expression of the people's
regard for the office he holds, gilded by a warm and
genuine good feeling for the man. One of the most
eloquent and philosophical preachers in this bay re
gion in his discourse last Sunday gave an American
explanation of the reason why our American Presi
dents have all excelled the Kings and Emperors of the
world who have reigned during our constitutional
period. Monarchs are the fruit of a dynasty, born of
unions made for reasons of state. But our Presidents,
have all been the pick and choice of the best branch
of the race. For this reason the average- king has
not risen to the ankles of the average President. ¦
Now neither can be uttered. President McKinley
has entered upon his second term. He comes as the
representative of what has been accomplished, not
what is expected. This is his time of fulfillment and
retrospect. If his retirement in 1905 shall be broken
by a re-entry into public life it must be by the wish
of his immediate fellow citizens, as in the case 'of the
second Adams. Otherwise he will rest upon his fade
less laurels and pass into his dignified place in history.
In all that has been offered to him in the way of
affectionate and honorable greeting, as in all the ex
pression that is to come, there is on his side and that
of the people a thorough unselfishness. Had he made
the tour at this time last year critics would have said
that it was for the purposes of personal politics, to
gain votes and use public enthusiasm as a partisan in
fluence. And, on the' other hand, it would have been
charged that the people themselves were merely
ing that form of gratitude that has been denned as a
lively 'sense of favors to come, and both criticisms
would have found believers.
A plain man in his life and habits, his public career
has made him an observer and participant in all of the
greatest pageants that have occurred in this country
since the Civil War, from the great review of the
Union army in Washington to the conspicuous '
demonstrations in his .own honor since he, achieved
the Presidency. In the habit of looking upon these
expressions of enthusiasm and good feeling as. if he.
were apart from them, an observer and not a re
cipient, his frank award of the palm to California is •
perfectly sincere and does justice to our people. In
the metropolis the scene changes somewhat Else-,
where, the -wealth of demonstration has been a sump
tuous out-bf-door manifestation, the material for
which has been drawn from the contiguous rural
resources of the country. Here we have all that, and
added to it a round of indoor events that bring the
President in closer social touch with the life of our
people.
This is a great compliment to the resources and the
spirit of the people of California, and none. could have
put it in more delicate taste than the President.
I* N his excellent speech- at} San ; Jose President -Me-.
Kinley described the metropolitan welcome and
greeting that have been extended to him and his
party all the way from Redlands to the Santa Clara
Valley, and "yet," he said, "we have not reached the
metropolis."
THE METROPOLIS.
CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado Beach.
Cal., will be, the popular summer resort thla
season. - It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, -1901.
In the course of the "discussion on the subject, -Mr.
Chamberlain said the value of .: the stool is mainly
"moral and intellectual." It appears, however, there
are a good many, people who. think otherwise,- and
accordingly: quite a number of adventurers are roam
ing 'over the wilds of the Ashantee 'forests searching
for . the golden stool. The ¦ availability of the story'
for romance purposes lies as much in the superstitious'
glamour that surrounds the royal rdic as, in its mone
tary value. 'The days of romance are not' yet over,
and to people who like that' sort of thing a' search for
a golden stool whose possessor can 'command the
absolute .obedience of so many savage warriors is
just as-good a quest as any other. that was 1 ever made
for the. sake of adventure.
6
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palaco Hotel?
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out for 81 4th, front of barber and grocer. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or .- Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and- public men by the ,
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ••
A zealot Is one who will commit a crime -
In order to uphold the standard of mor-
ality. „'.-•'¦'•
Remove the causes that make your hair life-
less and gray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercbrns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
A main may be rather slow befor© mar-
riage, but after the knot la tied he is made
fast.
AD VEHTISTTM K N TS.
The Montezuma Mining Co.
OF WASHINGTON.
RELATIVE IMPORTANCE OP
MONTEZUMA PRODUCTS
:§ "^ 24 MINES I* T
£ 16 TO 36 PER CENT COPPER g>
2OOO ACRES S;
§ 14 VEINS COKINC AND :>
v BLACKSM 1THINC C OAL J'
90 1-2 PER CENT CARBON
The Montezuma. will bear any test, of which
we will pay the cost. It offers exceptional op-
portunity for profitable Investment. Ask for
prospectus. - Read the company's report la to-
day's classified columns.
Join our Excursion to Seatile. Taccma
and the Mines.
Leaves San Francisco June 13 In special train
of Pullman Sleeping Cars..
THE AMERICM GUaFaHTY & TRUST CO
Soiling- Agents, .
31O Safe Deposit Building:
Corner California and Montgomery Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm cf 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM, 313 Mxrkst
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWJ FOR THE SUMMER,
Call subscribers contemplating a cb&nge of
PeslAesee dnrlna; the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
•ddrnin by notifying: Tbe Call Business Office.
Thin paper vrlU also be on; sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agrent la
all towas «n tbe coast.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Friends." -/•'•*
Grand Opera-house — "Government Acceptance." \
California— "Barbara Freltchle.'^
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
OrjifceTim — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Saf: Harbor."
Olytnpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnff.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrels.
Ferry BuJldlngr— Grand Flower Show, May 16, 17 and 18.
Sutro Baths— Swimming,
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.Time— U. :24; %, :48; %, 1:13%. Good start.
Won ridden cut. ¦ Second and third driving.
Winner. W. L. Stanfleld's ch. m. by St. Carlo-
Llbbertlfllbbet. Good Hope never able to catch
winner. Dollle Welthoff cut ¦ off on back
stretch by Nettle Clark. Mocorlto had early
Speed. Scratched — High Hoe 107.
Betting— Valoncienne, 3;' Good Hope, 7-5;
Dollie Weithoff, 8-5; Mocorito, 20; Nettie
Clark. 100; Galene, 200. , . - - ¦
2451. SIXTH RACE-Slx furlongs; Belling;
mares; four-year-olds and up; purse, $330.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V>- Str. Fin.
(2413)Valencienne. a, 107.Ftlry 3 12 14 13
2413 Good Hope. 5, 107.Alexdr 2.2 2 2 3 2 5
2432 D. Welthoff. 6. 102.Rnch 1 3 h 3 2 3 n
2413 Mocorlto. 6, 102 Fox 4 4n 4 5 4 12
23a8 N. Clark, 4. 103.Burgme 5 5 2 6 10 5 15
2399 Galene, 4> 102 Slocum 6 6 6 6
Timo-^-%, :13; U, :24; y,. -A9%; %. 1:15; %.
1:28. Poor start. Won all out. Second and
third driving. Winner, Caesar Young's ch. h.
by imp. Golden Garter-Fedalma. Meehanus
did not ha.ve anything to give away at the
finish. MacGyle must have trained oft. He
did not run his race. Jim Hale is good now.
Betting — M>ehanus, 1-2; Jim Hale, 15; Malay.
8; MacGyle, 7-2; Rio Chico, 150.
2440. FOURTH RACE— Four furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2412 Quiet. 118' Shields 3 11 12 12
24C4 Waterscratch, 113.. ..Ruiz 4 3 4 3 3 2 1
2406 Sol, 115 Bennett 5 2U 2h 3 3
2441 Flattered, 115 Hoar 7 4 2 4 1 4 1
2417 Lento. 118 Alexander 6 5 5 5 8 5 10
2429 Knockings, H5..Armstng 17 fi y 2 1; is,
2417 Warder, 115 Sheehan 2 6 2 7 7
2417 F. Atterbury, 115.Makln • ...
Time— %, :24%; H. :43. Good start. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, A \ X?
Stemler & Co.'s ch. c. by imp. Goldfinch-Imp.
Silence. Winner best. Under excellent hand
ling Waterscratch showed Improvement. Flat
tered cut off soon after start. 'Fell.
Betting— Quiet, 6-5; Waterscratch, 3; Sol, 4;
Flattered, 8; Lento, 10; Knockings. 100; War
der, 60; Fred Atterbury. 15.
2450. FIFTH RACE— %even furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %• Str. 'Fin.
(2432) Meehanus. 5. 116 Ruiz 4 13 li 1 1«
2418 J. Hale. 3. 106..Fauntlry 2 3 n !U H
2420 Malay, 5, 113.. Alexander 3 4 u 4 10 33
(2418)MacGyle. 4. lll...Ransr.h 1 2 3 3 1 4 12
2391 Rio Chlco, 6, 113 Fox 5 5 5 6
Betting— Yellowtail, 4-5; Rosormonde, 3-2;
Jim McCleevy, 40; Barney F, u0; Alturas, 23;
Nilgar, 75. ,
Watercress-imp. Paloma. Yellowtail had the
footing over his field. Rosormonde ran" a nice
race. Stuart on Barney F made a cheap effort
for the show.
The Santa Fe will run their splendid steam
er San Pablo to the launching of the battle
ship Ohio on Saturday. May 18.
She will leave Market-st," ferry at 11:15 a.
m. and return, after the launching. Tickets,
50c for round trlD. at Santa Fe Ticket 'Orflce,
Market-st. ferry.
San Pablo to the Launching.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 14.—
Harvey B. Young, the famous landscape
artist, died yesterday of congestion of the
lungs at his home in this city. He was
born at Post Mills., Vt., and was 55 years
of age. He leaves a wife and four chil
dren.
Harvey B. Young.
WASHINGTON, May 14.-The Postofflce
Department has closed a contract with
the Hawaiian Navigation Company for
performing steamboat mail service be
tween . Honolulu ' and points on other
islands in Hawaii for a distance of 200
miles each way on an irregular schedule.
The - contracting company Is directed to
"notify postmasters by telephone as far
as practicable on arrival at landing."
New Mail Service in Hawaii.
ard, better known as "French Mary," a
vivandiere of the Civil War and one of
the most picturesque figures produced
during the rebellion, committed suicide
last night by taking poison. Mrs. Leon
ard served" through the war with the One
Hundredth ' and Fourteenth Pennsylvania
Volunteers, I doing remarkable service In
a number of battles. t for which she re
ceived conspicuous mention and V medal
for bravery. .
244S. THIRD RACE— One mile; four-year
olds and up; purse, .$400. .. a* '.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2443 Yellowtail, 4. 113... Ruiz 2 12 12 11
2300 Rosorm'de, 6, lll.Alxndr 12 5 2 10 2 15
2433 J. McCleevy, 6. 121. Bass 4 6 4 5 3 1
2418 Barney F. 4, 114.. Stuart 5 4% 3* 4 6
2427 Alturas, 6. 113...Macklln 6 5 5 5 2 5 6
2388 Nllgar, 5, 118 ..Hafley 3 3^6 6
Time-'i. :25i4; %. :49; %, 1:14%; mile. 1:40%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Hacketfs ch. h. by imp.
Ag-ed Vivandiere a Suicide.
PITTSBURG, May 14.— Mrs. Mary Leon-
2447. SECOXD BACE— Mile and 100 yards;
selling; four-yea»-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2392 Faversham, 5, 113... Ruiz 2 12 13 12
2437 Sylvan Lass, 6, 105. Prior 7 2 2 2 3 2 3
2405 Mead. Lark, a, 107.Tullt 3 4 h * 3 1 3 1
2421 Rapido, a, 107...McBrldel0 6 % 4 h 4 6
2«8 Boardman. 5. 107.Alxndr 16 3 6 2 5 1
2392 Guilder, 6, 107 Paul 4 Sh 5!i 6 5
2421 Dare II a, 103. ..Bennett 8 8 1 7 1 7 10
2230 Kastaine, 6, 105.Fauntlry 6 9 4 8 1 8 1
1749 Cafifiale, 5, 107...Tamplin 9 10 9 2 9 2
2435 Sw't Voice, 4, «103.Treanr 5 7 2 10 10 "
Time— 100 yards, :06V*: V*. :23; %. :49?i; %,
1:1S%; mile. 1:42K; lm 100yds. 1:4S%. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. W. Chappell' s blk. h. by imp. Dun
combe-imp. Victress. Winner a good horse to
day. Casdale poorly ridden. So was Dare.
Scratched— Kstro 107.
Betting— Faversham. 11-5; Sylvan Lass, 5;
Meadow Lark. 7; Rapido, 8; Boardman, 15;
Guilder, 12; Dare II, 8; Kastaine, 15; Casdale,
10; Sv^eet Voice, 40. \
239S Oscar Tolle. 122.Alexndr 1 1 h 1 1% 1 n
2435 Rasrp, 112 :.. Russell 7 6 2 4 1 2 2
2S»8 David S. 112.. Armstrong 5 5 2 3 h 3 2
23S1 Quibo, 122 Hoar 3 4% 2h 4 2
(24V4)Gayl. Brown, HS.Bozmn 4 3 3 5 '4 5 1
2435 Carlovignian, 112.Jack.mi 9 9 4 7 2 6 4
2410 The Galflr, 119 Ruiz 6 8 3 6h 7 1
1007 Intrepido,- 112 Greene 8 7 2 9 4 8 3
977 Carlonlan. 113..Basslnger 2 2 1 8 1 9 5
2430 Master Cal, lU.MatthwslO 10 10 10
Time— \i, :12?i; H, :24; %, :49tf: %, 1:02. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner. E.
J. Baldwin's ch. c. by Amlgo-Ssven Up. Oscar
was straight at the end. Rasp would have won
at a longer route. The ' Gaf flr away poorly.
Carlonlan had speed. Intrepido very sore.
Gaylon Brown gave it up. Scratched— Phil
Archibald 122, Sissenvine 112.
Betting— Oscar Tolle.- 2; Rasp, 15; David S,
10; Quibo, 9-2; Gaylon Brown, 10; Carlovlgnlaji,
25; The Gafflr, 10; Intrepido, 25; Carlonlan. 12;
Master Cal, 12.
OAKLAND BACETBACK— Tuesday,
May 14, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
244«. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs: selling;
three-year-old colts and geldings; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %! Str. Fin.
First race— Four and a half furlongs, maiden
two year-olds; selling.
2393 Dan Collins lim Big Massle 113
2423 Hon. P. Sterlgll3 2393 Pepper Sauce.. 1 13
.... Shell Mount. ...110 1417 Ectado 113
i'417 Lilly Dale HO 2423 Botany 110
2441 Hard Night. ...113 2429 Prestene 110
2429 Quadra no 2441 Autumn TiaicllO
2432 Snowberry lio'
Second race— One mile, lour-year-oldi and
upward; selling.
<i4K)Frank Duffy.. .103 2403 Hohenlohe .1...1C6
244S ICllgar 103 (233S)lIont Eagle 103
241S Alaska 103 2200 Melkarth 103
2333 Ping 103 2351 Tizona. 103
(£392) Rainier 103 2428 McAlbert 103
2447 Casdale 103 2423 Canejo .J01
To-Day's Entries.
Track Notes.
Ruiz, experiences no difficulty in more
than holding his own with the riders now
seen at Oakland. If Barney. Schreiber
starts Bannockburn In the Brooklyn han
dicap "Pi" will have the mount on the
brown horse.
A match race at four furlongs has been
arranged to be decided within ten days
between Wardman and Companion. Pete
Donaleche, owner of the former colt, is
laj'ing Sam Merriweather $500 against $400
that the filly will be beaten. "Moose"
Taylor Is now training Companion.
LONG posted as overdue In racing
circles, Captain Hacketfs big
colt Yellowtail floated into port
an almost easy winner of the
third event at Oakland yesterday.
So often has he disappointed his audi
ences that, with only Rosormonde in her
present ragged form to beat, the ring laid
4 to 5 about the Hackett entry. It is Just
possible the distance — one mile— may have
had something to do with this luscious
quotation. There was never any doubt
about the result. Ruiz on the favorite
showed first after turning into the back
Ftretch, and always under gentle restraint
finished the string out in 1:40*4. Rosor
njoncle, of course, downed Jim McCleevy
for show honors.
First choices just missed one of mak
5ng a clean sweep of the card. Good Hope
'in the last breaking the combination. The
winners were all well packed and the
becks lost some of the coin they picked
up on Monday. As on the preceding day,
Ruiz, now the star saddle artist, finished
first en three different occasions.
Oscar Tolle. a. colt from the Baldwin
stable, trained by W. J. Spiers, took the
opening sprint at five furlongs. Backed
from 4 to 9 to 5, Alexander hit every post
in front, beating the outsider Rasp with
little to spare. David S, a touted one, ran
into the show.
Before the racing began C. .W. Chap
pell disposed of Faversham for $200 to a
Victoria horseman, retaining the running
qualities of the black horse, however, un
til after the deciding of the second event,
at a mile and 100 yards. Chappell then
bet the money received on Faversham,
¦which was backed down from 5 to 2 to 1
favoritism. Ruiz had him. In front all the
way, scoring in a gallop from Sylvan Lass
and Meadow Lark.
Ab Stemler's Goldfinch-Silence colt
Quiet carried the big commissions bet on
the two-year-old dash at half a mile. The
youngster went to the post a 6 to 5 chance,
ridden by Henry Shields, and turned up
a clever winner over Waterscratch and
Sol. The latter had his odds forced down
from 10 to 3. ¦¦ *
Bookmaker Caesar Young's fast horse
Meehanus made.lt three straight by cap
turing the seven furlong purse run. Well
supported at 1 to 2, he showed first al
most from the start, sulxfuing Jim Hale
handily at the wire, McGyle. the second
choice warmed up In a. manner that did
not please the critics, and showed to poor
advantage in the race. Malay was third.
By repeating a former fine performance
over six furlongs Valencienne upset cal
culations in the closing number. After
a warm tip on Dollie Welthoff had cooled
off Good Hope answered post call the fa
vorite. At the start .Fauntleroy rushed
Valencienne for the lead, and despite
Alexander's hard urging the first choice
could never overhaul the. St. Carlo mare,
which stepped over the line In 1:13%. £>ol
lie finished third.
BY F. E. MXTLHOLLAin).'
Third race— Five furlongs, two-year-oMs, St.
Carlo handicap.
2417 Carlo 108 1 St. Sever 90
2352 Halnault 106] 240*"St. Phlllipplna.112
2406 Achilles 106! 2339 Parizade • 107
i -
Fourth race— Futurity course, four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
2431 Ralston 110] 2290 Nullah- 105
2355 Montallade 110 2302 Amaea 110
J418 Mellocoie .....M07I 2413 Midlove 103
Fifth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2434 Invlctus 100 2442 Darlene 98
2383 Flamero 114 23S3 Glissando 112
2414 Moringa 114 2413 Dangerous M'd.llO
2426 Scr'nwell Lake. SS 2428 Mike Rice 114
2425 Rlnaldo 1141 2430 Jim Hale 100
YELLOWTAIL FALLS HEIR TO BRACKETS AT LAST
2444 Loconomo 112J 2431 Duckoy 112
Sixth race — One mile and an eighth, four
year-olds and upward; selling.
2433 Rio Shannon. ..112 2372 Cromwell 114
2433 Wyoming Ill (243S)Impei+ous Ill
2439 Dr. Bernays....ll3
Probable Winners.
First race— Estado, Autumn Time, Prestene.
Second race— Alaska, Ping, Casdale. .
Third race— St. Phllippina, Parizade, Carlo.
Fourth race — Mellocoie, Amasa, Xullah.
Fifth race— Jim Hale, Dangerous Maid, In
vlctus.
Sixth race — Rio Shannon, "Wyoming, Crom
well. _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.J,, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1S)O1.
diana Show.
VINCENNES, Ind., May" 14 —Miss The
resa Russell of Denver, an equestrienne
connected with a Wild West show, was
fatally injured last night while attempt
ing to perform a new and exceedingly
hazardous feat.
Miss Russell was practicing a new act
in which she leaps from one rapid run
ning horse to the back, of another going at
full speed. Just as she made her spring
her foot caught in the stirrup and she was
dragged around the ring among the hoofs
of iho frightened broncos. The cowboys
made desnerate efforts to stop the horses
but were "unable to do so until finally one
oi them stuck a ioitchfork into the side
of the animal which was dratrgins Miss
Russell,, killing it instantly. Miss Russell
was unconscious from various injuries.
Woman Receives Fatal Injuries While
Practicing 1 an Act in an In-
CIRCUS RIDER DRAGGED
¦ IN A TLTNG BY A HORSE
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
7
TRAVEL.
ARE YOU Q T BUFFALO?
THE
Great Wabash R-> R.
HAVE >•
TRAINS A
jl From the West Direct J-
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS . WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask Your Agent About the
WABASH.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. A..
St. Louis, Mo.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A.,
. . ¦ Los Angeles. Cal.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
, Commencing April 28," 1901 ,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:33, 8:30, ¦¦•9:30 11-00 a m
12:45, 'IMS, 3:15, 4:15; 5:l. r >, •6:15.' 6:45 p. ' m. "
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Monday?, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:43. p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00, *10:00 11:00 11:30
a. m.. 12:43, »l:30. 2:30. »3:«. 3:00. 6:00, 7:30"p m
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. . ,- .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10 15
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:33.- 4:40, 5:30 p m
EXTR-tf TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p "m
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:00. 9:45. *ll:00 am *12
m., 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, »o:4o, 6:43, 7:30,10:10
p. m. . . . . '.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, • 6:45, 7:55. 8:53 10"30
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45, 2:45, 3:5H, 5:10, 5:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on i Mondavs, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. m. 12-15
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m. ' ©'
THROUGH TRAINS. "."
6:55 a. *m.' week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. _ ¦,-
2:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions... . • ¦,
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. - •
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and.way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
l>ave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
\ - .' '' . Local Llm'd Ovrl'dl Local
' \ . , Dally. Da^ly. Dally. I Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:|0 a 9:00 a' 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:fc tp 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
"•Merced .. 12:2!". p 1:17 p 1:15 a ..•
"Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Harrford . 4:22 p 3:27 p. 7:06 a
"Vlsalla .. 4:10pl4:10p 4-45 a ........
u " Tularp-.: 4:27 p I 4:27 p B:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p I 5:20 p I 7:30 a ....
"Kan City. I 2:41 a I 7:30 a ........
" Chicago | 2:15 p | 9:00 p j
•a lor. morninsr. ' p. for afternoon.
9:00 a.' m. train Js the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars an<l Dlnln-^
'Cars through to 'Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of ' local
flrrt-class passengers. No second-class
tickets ar<? honored on thla train. Corre-
sponding train nrrlves at 5:3."i p. m. dally
n 4:20 p.m.:Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
, ln«r i train : arrives at 11:0." a.' m." dally. •
. 8:C0'p. nt. Is the Overland • Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining- Chair . Car. -also - Palace
Sleeper. ' which cuts out at Fresno. Corr*»-
• sjxindlng train nrrlves at'5-SS p.m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is' BakersfteJd L<v?sl. stOTiplng
at all points In San .Toaouln Vallev. Corre-
Bpo^dlns:, train arrives at R:40 a:.rn. rta'ly.
" Offices— fill' ?.Tarket street' and In Ferrv
... San Francisco:' 1113 - Broadway.
. Opklnnrl. ' . .
'¦ if^^W -^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
m *»**Jra 629 EEABNY ST. Bstabllshed
Oil il^Ks' 11 • s5 '* for the treatment of I'rlvHte
KiiJv^gSff Disi-iises, \.mt Muiihood. Debility or
wenrlngdii tiorlynn<l miii'l and
S*8*M*S»v'gaSl>in Diseases. I'll e Doctorcurcs when
i^>jS»S : »3ra othpr; ' fal1 - ' rry hinl - *'l>nigps low.
•!3!i3£333Kilu3<''urrM(ru:ii-:in<«-cci. Call or write.
Hr. J. F.UIBBON. ban Francisco, CaL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralai lew**- »n<l »r« an* »• i«rrl»» ••»
MAN I'UANCINIO.
(Main line. Foot of Market SUeet) ¦':'„"¦- '
lbavb — Frou Mat 5, 1901. — arriti
7:30 \ Eenicia. Sniaau, Elmira, Vataviile,
Kumaey uuU aacnuaeuto... ...... 7:A9r
*:30A^>a«ia, Woodland. KnightaLsi.dliie.
ilarysvilie, OroTille ~:."».lr
7i3»< Atlantiu Kx press— Og Jen and >ut I2:^3r
7:U«aPoi6 lost*. M«rticez. Vntno* E.*n-
ford, Visi»li», P«rt«.Ue ,.. 4:53»
8:O»a Martliiez.rtanUaMioii. V»llejo. Uai>»,
(.'slinti^aatulSiiutA Kooa... ...... ti:23p
ta 8:00a Ifilea. rieasanton, LiTennon", Stock. .
ton, Fresao, Hanfoid. \yiB&lii»
Porterrilla 7:23»
8:30a ShuU Bixpress— Uatla, Will) ms(for •¦• -
Uartlett Springs), Will, ws, Ked
Bluff. Portland , - 7:33»
• IiBOa S»ii Jose, l.iivrciorr, .Stockton. , . •.
lone. - Hacraniciiu>. Pla •-¦» viiie.
JI.irynts:ip, Ubicu, K»d It .* -t.SSr
8:30a Oakdalf, Chinese (Ycsu.niie), »o~
nora. Carters •liZSy
D:OOa Hajwurds. N ilrK > ncl W •y SUtions. • 1:53a
U:O«a Los Angeles Fz^reaa — Mnrtinox.
Tracy, i^itiirrp, ,-j u.Kton. Mercrtt
FreHiiu »n<l I»S Ancolcs ?:2S?
»:»<»* Vail. Jo. alurliTi../. ana Way Stations SiOSv
IO:»oa Th« Urerlaiui iiniited— Ogdeti. Dou-
Ter, Oiuaha. Chicago 6:i»3r
" fl:O0p Siicraiiifiito Itlier Stttninern... t-"»:<>»\
3::»l>r IUynitrcirt, Nilcnaml Way Ht;itii>ni. 7:3.»f
J.iiur Heuieia, Winters. Macrauioii to,
W.M..II»i.a. Knitl.U LhuJIiik.
Marysvillii.-OroTille 10:35a
4:»<)r Martinez, Sail lliunoi, Valle]o,
N»l>». «;«liHti>K». S»nln ICob* »-»S»
4«OOp Nl!ea, LiTermore, Stockton. Lo.li... »<? »Sa
4::>ur Hajwards. Mile* Han.lusv.Livtnrjore f:S5A
3:<>(>r 1'heOwl Limited— Tracy. Stockton,
Krs»in>, lUktrafiel'!. ¦Snugiis fur
Santa ISarbarm, Los Ancelex .' «:53*
J:OOr New Orleans Eipre»8— Bakendeld.
Los . Angeles, 1> mine, - El Jt'aao,
New O;lciU» and East 7:-13a
. 5>0«p Yoacmitu..- :?*Z3a
tioor Haywaius. Nile« «ml San Juse MJ|
ttt:OOr V»lleji».-. I !:.•>.» 4,
O:O<»rOrieutal Mall— Ogtleu, Chejenuo.
Omaha, UUloago 12:23>
«:OOr Oriental Slail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33r '
?:OOr Oregon and UalifornH Bxt>rnmi,H>0'
ranmiit... Marynvii:*, U«.MIiik.
rortlnn.l, Pugnt Himinl an<l Kasl S:33a
8iO3pSv> Pablo, r»rt Coata, Martiaea
ami Way CJUtiuns 11:»3*
t»:»3P Valli-jo. ?:3->F
COAST LINE (Narrow Uatise).
(foot of Market Street.)
{•> 13a EUnta Cruz Rxcnrslon to .Sanu Cruz
and Tr'.uc p*l Way Stations....... }^:O.l j
8>l3ANeirark.C«iitertllI*,.<jaii.]<M<>,irelton.
- lioulder Ciuek.SautaCriizantl Way
hUtloim 3:3«V
tS:l 5r Kewark, CentetTllle. San .loie. New
Almailmi, Fulton, HonUlor Creek,
Santa Citn aad l'rluolpal Way
Stations : tlOsiiOA
«il3r'Newark. San Jos«. Los Gatos { jiol'ljoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY./
rrtmSil raiKClSCa— rut *r B.rkil Strut (Sli» 8)—
t7:15 9:00 ' 11:00a.m.. 1:03.3:03 5:1>.«.
FmibOIIUIID— F««t«rj»tl»ilwij.— 1«:00 JS:OO 1S:03
10:00 a.m. 12:00 2:83 1:03 r.H. ¦
COAST IjINE (llroail Ouga).
(Ihird and Townseml Sts.)
Gtl«A ban Joaeand W«; Htitions......... «:.»•»«•
? 7:«Oa Han Joaenml \V»r.SUtl.iin Uitor
t?i3UA Snnday Excursion for Ban Jife.
flacta Cruz. P<c!3c Gro7« and
. Principal W»y SUUonw t8i30r
•••»A Han Joae. Tres I'iinw, Hanta ('riiJ!, . '
r«eliic Grow, Kalinas. San Lcii
Obispo ami Principal iutensedUaa
' Steti.ina .....'. «:JOp
lOt^OA San Jcae and Way Stations. ?s3op
/I«»:3»A New Alinadcn ...„. / 3:30»
.| Ii:c»a Man .loss ami Way Htatlon» SiU«r
t»:l.">p3»n Jlatro, Ueilwnrxl, Alsnlu Park,
Talo Alto. Santa Clara. H»n .!.««.
Trea Pinos, Santa Cm/., Saliuaa.
Montcnty am! raclllc lirnrs.. tn»:l3i
S)»»r HanJussaml Way Stations O:»»A
itilSe Sa:i June ami Principal Way Stations 0:13*
; t'lOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
. Way Stations J9:<!O\
¦itSOp .San Jose ami Principal W»y HUMons 8;33a
OiOOp Eedwoid, Han Jos-.. Gilny. Salinas,
8anta Barbsra. L«m Angeles IO:O3a
O:C0p Del Monte,' Monterey. Pacrfc Grove,
Loxpoe ". :.... I0i05*
tliSAr SastJoasauit Way SUtions t*:»"*
qlli'i.leaan Joa-aml Wty -Stations 7:30?
A for Mnniinx. 1* tnr A f teruoon.
? Sim.liy excepted. , t «nnday only. »
a BatarOay only. /Tuesdays and Fridays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Via Sausallto Ferry— t*oot of Market St.
9:30 A:MrTRiP ABANDONED MAY !6.
Leave San Fran. Arrive San Fran.
9:30 a. m.1 3:33 p. m.
1:45 p. m WEKX DATS 5:55 p.m.
4:15 p. m.J Stay over nlsht at the 8:13 a. m.
S:0Oa.m.l • Tavera. , 12:15 p.m.
0:00 a. m. 1:13 p. m. »
10:000.1^.1 SUNDAYS , 3:30p.m.
11:30 a. m. • 4:50 p. m.
.1:20 p. m. , B:50p. m.
2:30 p. m.J , • ¦ I 7:10 p.m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit & Return. $1.40.
i Ticket Office, C21 Masket St., & Sausallto Ferry,
BAILWAY TBAVEL. «
m Just a tittle belief 'v; a
S than an^ other train h
I —a little better service— •; '^ |
a a mors homelike !
H . feeling on the - 1
LIMITED ,
I than you {ind elsewhere, i
I and it runs like this
j LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO ' 1 I
1 9 an Kon Tues Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun
I ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Kon Tues Wed j
! . y 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
I ON THE I
CALIFORHI& NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Footof Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS-7:30. 9:C0, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. , Saturdays— Extra trips at l:£0
¦ and 11:30 p. m.'
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:C0 ia. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, ( 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco..
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
I 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ¦ - • /
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40,. 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
i Between «an Franclaco and Schuetzsn Park
same schedme aa above. ¦*¦--*.•
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 2S, 1901. | San Francisco. .
"Week j Sun- I I Sun- j Week
Days. . I day.«. | Destination. [ days." | Days.
7:30 am S:CO am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 j>m 6:20 pm
• Fulton. /
7:30 am Windsor. > 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
i GeyservlUe.
'S*30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
\ 7:30 ami 6:00 pm! Hopland [10:40 am[10:2S am
3:20 pm I 8:00 am [ and Uklah. | 7:35 pm|^6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:49 am 10:25 am
. 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm .5:00 pm \ 6:20 pm
. 7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma ' 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stajres connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring ; at FuUom
for Altrurla; at L^ytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skagsa Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland. for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle,- Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and. Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper : Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lterley'a Bucknells,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westl
port, ,UsaI, Wlllits; ILaytonville^-. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's," Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. i .-.•...
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On t Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market street. Chronlclo
;'• Building.
' H. C. ' WHITING; R. ' X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Ritualism Is' merely the art of mixing
brlc-a-brac with our religion..
I^^^MT^m^^^yi ' At our store are congregated the representative lines of I^^^^^S^
r^^^^^^^^^yj^ the world's greatest shoe manufacturers: . > . BWWnP iVWT®
.-' Each pair that is put in our stock has received that in- ' • . V A M i 1
j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Sm dividual attention given by custom shoemakers, 'this fact [_JJ_L I, li UJ UJJJ^Jjjj
(^§^nfi P^ n PllilSi combined with the ever careful and cautious attention in J ~— ~___
Yf MnKl serving the needs of our customers, places us in that envi- ;
J^lijL-iLJlJj l|l| able position of being THE LEADING SHOE HOUSE ON ; ' ]7^|-|-|-f '¦¦¦¦¦¦
-^f^^^V^^^^^^^^L " Each year we have, added to our departments, and .
'^^^^M^'^^^^^^^^M^ wit^ e recent .addition of a complete line of $3.50 shoes [f^^^J^' s * r
we are now able to 'supply every man, woman and child s!^T^nL& \^i^^^ '
Tplir I^^^^S wj th footwear, which for the amount paid, and the quality h$f \\\ 'IJ^Ku
M fl " I M Bl •'' g' ven » cannot be duplicated in America. : ¦ fta f ¦ ®^ v
(c^> 1 \% T' le visitors now in San Francisco are welcomed to our > W^^^^ #
| N mf I 1 store— for a visit we kriow will fully justify our claims. * i^M^yl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" dr. ng~t6y~keT~
Has Recently Removed
From 704 Sacninrn'o St.
t210 STOCKTON ST.
Opp. Union Square.
San Francisco, Cal.
Has recently established
the Tea and Herb Sanltar-
lum,in this city. All man-
ner of disease, both exter-
nal and Internal, and all
manner ' of local disease
are skillfully treated with-
out performing any kind
of operation whatever.
Toothache cured free.
Office hours — 10-12 a. m.,
2-5 p. m., 7-9 p. m. dally. Telephone Red 1605.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 1901.
DR. NG TOY KEE,
210 Stockton st
For .twelve years I have been a sufferer from
a cancer, and have had several operations
performed by the most renowned physicians in
this State, 'and beinfif informed that it was
incurable had given up all hope when a like
sufferer whom you had cured advised me to
consult you. I did eo, and am happy to say
that after five months' treatment I am entirely
cured, and only too pleased to certify this to
any one who will call upon me. Yours truly,
NELLIE WALDSTEIN; 633 Golden Gate ave.
¦ DR. NG TOY KETJ, ¦
210 STOCKTON ST., OPP. UNION SQUARE.
MILLBRAE, Cal.. Dec. 10. 1900.'
Dear Sir: For thirty years I 'have suffered so
that at times life felt almost unbearable. The
different physicians I consulted could give me
no relief, pronounced it a complication of kid-
ney troubles, etc. ! I was constantly feverish,'
pain in my side and had night sweats. I am
happy to say that with a month's treatment
and your herb medicine I am to-day a well
woman. And take great pleasure In giving this
testimonial and hope, you publish it eo the
public may know of your wonderful skill.
Yours sincerely,
MRS. MARIA BUETERSLOH.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct. 25, 1900.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.— Dear
Sir: I have been treated by other doctors for
my ctomach troubles, and all have failed, but
I finally called on you, and you, with your
skillful treatment, have cured me. > feel bet-
ter now than I have for years, and I will
gladly recommend you to any one.' Yours truly,-
. C. H. COWCAT,
Brooklyn Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
JiOSEUBS OF 'AMTOlrf
9 ¦ £jB 1051 UA2ZET ST. let. 6:hS7lh, S.P.Cal. A
\ . X3^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the V
m fl ¦ .World. Weaknesses or any contracted^
Z. 1 disease positively cured hy the oldest T
0 I 'feS S§ H Specialist on the Coast. list. 36 years. f»
1 f3gv§ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A Consultation frctf and strictly private. \
6 Aff^t fl Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ 1/ <jia Poritivt Cure in every ca« undertaken. W
»' I \\(9 Write for Book. FIIILOSUfUYor A
T (I I '» DJIIIBMGE, MAILED FREE. ( A V
A (J iJ,: valuable book Tor men) . , - \ ¦
f ? 11. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
3R. CROSSiVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cut a of Gonorrhoea. Gleats.
Strictures and analogous complalat<
' '>!• oV tha Organs of Generation.
P|ice Jl a bottle. For sale by ¦druggists. -Ex-Senator John ,M. Thurston was
mingling with the crowd last night. He
at one time was chief counsel of the
Union Pacific Railroad, but resighed to
practice law in the East. He is out here
on a law suit that opens in the
States District Court in this city next
Monday. He was immensely popular with
the Washington delegation last nigfht and
was in earnest conversation with a num
ber of them until a iate hour.
saw better times ahead for the CaUfornla
agriculturists.
President McKinley has always been con
scious of the high and delicate position he oc-
It affords us a great and most sincere pleas
ure to join our American brethren in sending
to the President the warm .wishes and greet
ings of the Italians of San Francisco and all
the Pacific Coast. ¦ ¦
William McKinley, the first citizen of the
United States, the supreme magistrate of the
American nation, is our guest in this beautiful,
picturesque and patriotic San Francisco. ' His
countrymen are jubilant and cheerfully avail
-themselves of this opportunity to extend to him
their heartfelt thanks for the good he has done
to tbe country, for the loyalty and -the will
ingness and ability with which he has per
formed his high duties. • •
The Daily L'ltalla this morning: pub
lishes the following salute to President
McKinley in behalf of the Italian colony
of San Francisco and the Italians of the
Pacific Coast:
L'ITALIA GIVES
WARM GREETING
Market street presented a magnificent
spectacle last night with its myriad of
lights and color. Thousands upbn thou
sands of lights greeted the eye, and the
! effect was so harmonious that it was a
; pleasing sight.' . From the Ferry depot,
| outlined In the pky by incandescent lamps
: to as far out the main thoroughfare as the
eye could reach, it was a blaze of light.-
Nlght was literally turned Into day, and
the countless throng gave the street the
appearance of a city in carnival time. -.
The streets were impassable. People
came down town to see the illumination
and they were repaid with a grand spec
tacle. Borne criticism was made of the
long string of arc lights that shone on
each side of Market street because they
left the center of the thoroughfare in
comparative darkness. . Attention was
called to the street illumination' at the
time the brave California volunteers re
turned from Manila, and many were of
the opinion that the effect was far pret
tier. However, the people were loud In
their praise of the street illumination. The
Ferry depot looked grand from a dis
tance. The tower that surmounts the
Union Depot had been decked with lights
from the top of its flagpole to the base
and was greatly admired. A star of red,
white and blue hung over the tower and
was "in perfect .'harmony with the lights
beneath it. Coming up Market street the
visitor's eye was attracted to The Call
building, which was outlined against the
night by thousands of glittering lights.
The imposing structure never looked
more beautiful. Every line of its grace
ful architecture stood out in bold relief,
and the onlookers could not help giving
vent to their feelings. Every window was
ablaze with light and the thousands who
saw the magnificent spectacle from the
surrounding hills or from far out; on the
water expressed their approval in the
•highest superlatives. • '
Opposite the tall structure the Chronicle
presented a striking appearance with Its
vari-colored lights. The building was
beautifully decorated and came in for its
share of praise.- The Hearst building on
the opposite corner was the cynosure of
all eyes. Pendants of colored lights grace
fully hung on the structure and the motto
"We all honor our President" shone out
brightly. .The three morning newspaper
offices, located as they are on the three
corners, made an imposing sight, and the
decorations of the trio were warmly
praised.
All along Market street from Third to
Sixth the merchants beautified their
buildings by tasteful decorations. Elec
tric lights play an important part and the
effect is very beautiful. The dome of the
City Hall as usual presented a pleasing
sight. Llehts outlined the dome, and in
the distance they blended into one vivjd
line of flame. Like the ferry depot and
The Call building the dome was seen to
better advantage in the distance, and the
three tall structures were greatly ad
mired by those who saw them.
The Illumination of the
City Is Dazzling to
the Onlooker.
MYRIAD LIGHTS
IN THE NIGHT
American citizens during the successful trip of
the President from East to West, which hardly
could be equaled by any nation of Europe,
is the best and most evident proof of the
patriotiAn and Infallible bright future of the
United States: It la true that this country
always had the fortune of having at the head
of the nation the most virtuous, honest
and loyal men, who command respect
and admiration; yet our soul is pro
foundly . impressed by the fact that in the
glorious trip of William McKlnley across the
continent all the ¦ American citizens forgot
political views and parties; they forgot
whether they belonged to the North or the
South, the East or the West, to be all united
in this splendid display of reverence and ad
miration to the chief of the nation. When a
people demonstrates such a wonderful concord
and fusion of thoughts and sentiments it means
that It haa great confidence in its welfare and
will undoubtedly reach the summit that is only
reserved for the audacious and the brave.
cuples and of the particular conditions of his
country before the foreign elements, thus.fol
lowing the. traditions of the United States,
which has always been hospitable and gen
erous to all the peoples 6t all nations who
come here U.o enjoy Its freedom and wonder
ful resources, and contribute the progress
of the nation and the development of its com
merce and Industry. So that, in his wise
policy and honest discharge of his duties he
never made any discrimination between the
native and the foreisn elements, but he was
always equally goqd and Just to all.
We are sure that the respectful salute of
the Italians will be greeted by the illustrious
guest, who is aware of the fact that the Ital
ians are among the best elements of this cos
mopolitan population, they being law-abiding
citizens, good-hearted fellows, Industrious, en
terprising and active, affectionate to this fos
ter land as they are toward, their native coun
try. " ¦
The immense enthusiasm- displayed by the
-• r .
8i3O a. m.— Dedication of Doaahac fountain.
1O:15 a. iii.— Commencement University of California, Berkeley.
12:30 p. m. — Luncheon at residence of President Wheeler.
2:30 p. m President and party depart for Oakland In carriage*.
3 iOO p. m.— Reception at residence of Senator Perkins.
4iOO p.m.-— Parade to steps of Oakland Hitch School j open-air
• - reception for public. f;[': £';•.'¦
. 5j00 p.m. — President leaves Oakland. In Slocnm for San . Pran
.. cisco. ™
5:3O p. in. President arrives In San Francisco.
OiOO a. ni. — For visiting? Congressmen i Drive to Golden Gate Park,
ocean beach and Cliff Houses lunch at Cliff House j re
turn by way of Point Loboi Signal Station and the
PrcHldlo.
3:00 p. m.— Postofflce, Department employes' reception to Post
master General Smith, nave of. Ferry depot.
8:OO p. m.— Union Lcagne Itanunet, Palace Motel, to Governor
Nash. *
8:00 p. in. — Water and Forest Association banquet to Secretary
Wilson.
SjOO p. m. — Postal banquet to Postmaster General Smith at Del
monlco's. '-:'.••."
lO:0O p.m. — Trip through Chinatown for visiting- Congressmen.
THURSDAY, MAY 16. "
8:3O a. m. — Trip to Mount Tamalpals, arriving: at summit at
11)30 a. m. V }"'
2:30 p.m. — Reception ~ in parlors of Palace , Hotel by Sons and
DauKhters of American Revolution.
3>30 p.m. — President breaks groond for monument to American
navy. Union Square.
3:40 p. m.— Reception at 'Native Sons' Hail by Mexican -War Vet
erans, Loyal Legrion, Native Sons and Native Daush
/ ' :• tem'. v
7:00 p. m. — Ohio Society banquet, Palace Hotel.
8:30 a. m. — Congressional trip to Mix re Island Navy Yard.
3:00 p.m. — Reception to Din. McKinley and ladies of the Presi
dential party at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
7:00 p. m. — Banquet to ladles of Presidential party, given by,
ladies of Ohio Society, California Hotel.
FRIDAY, MAY 17.
0:30 a.m.— Reception by school children, Tan Ness avenue; drive
| to Golden Gate Park and ocean beach; luncheon at
Cliff House.
2:30 p. ni.— Knights Templar parade to Mechanics' Pavilion and
reception. , •
0:00 p. mr.— League of the Cross Cadets' drill, Mechanics' Pavilion.
O:3O p. m.— Caznpflre, McKlnley Provisional Post No. 1001, G. A.
R., Golden Gate Hall.
0:00 a.' m.— Governor Nash starts ;for Mount Tamalpais.
9:15 a. m.— Congressmen's automobile trip about the city.
; Morning— Visiting Congressmen will Inspect public buildings
• . and water front.
12:00 m. — Luncheon for visiting Congressmen at Merchants''
Club.
• Evening— Reception to Secretary Long by Unitarian Clnb at
Merchants' Club.
7:00 p. m.— Missouri Society's reception to Secretary Hitchcock,
Y. M. C. A. buildtng. . '
8:OO p. m.— Ohio Society reception to Governor Nash.
SATURDAY, MAY 18.
10:00 a. m^— President embarks at transport wharf for launching;
Naval parade to Union Iron Works.
11:00 a. m.— Reception to workmen of Union Iron Works.
12:20 p. m. — Launch of the battleship Ohio.
1:30 p. m.— Luncheon to President by Union League Club, Palace
Hotel.
7:OO p. m.— Citizens' banquet to President at Palace Hotel.
10:00 a. m.— Trip about bay on Resolute for visiting Congressmen.
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
11:00 a. m.— President will attend services at Central Methodist
| Episcopal Church. : ,- : ';.\.
5:00 p. m.— President dines with niece, Mrs. George E. Morse.
MONDAY, MAY 20.
10:00 a. m.— President's departure. , ' ' •-.•5
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
Secretary of the Navy Long may leave
the Presidential party and depart for the
East at any moment. The news first be
came known last evening when he was
¦waited upon by the Oregon delegation
which came to San Francisco to extend
greeting to the President and his party.
Secretary Lons to-ld a member of this 1
committee that he had received word that
his daughter, who has been living in Colo
rado Springs over a year for her health,
was dang-erously ilL
Secretary Long is accompanied on the
trip by Mrs. Long and a son of tender
jears. This boy was also taken ill yes
terday at the Palace Hotel, where the
Lcngs axe staying, and the physician
Long Mau Leave Presi
dential Partu and Start
. Eastward.
DAUGHTER ILL
IN COLORADO
The postal employes are making great
preparations for the entertainment of
Postmaster General Charles Emory Smith
who arrived with the Presidential party
yesterday. To-day the Postmaster Gen
eral will be tendered a reception in .the
nave of the f,erry building at 5:30 o'clock,
on his return from a trip to Oakland. He
will be Introduced to the postal employees
one by one. After the reception he will be
<».f corted to the Palace Hotel by the postal
employes. * *
To-morrow evening Postmaster General
Smith will be tendered a banquet at Del
monico's by the postal employes. Cov
ers will be laid for seventy-five. The ban
t;t;et will be served in the private dining
room on the top floor, and special care has
bten taken in decorating the dining room
for the occasion.
The committee in charge of the recep
tion to Postmaster General Smith are
Postofflce Inspector J. W. Erwin, Superin
tendent of Delivery A. M. Cox and Gen
eral Superintendent Daniel S. Richardson.
Postal Emploues to Enter
tain Postmaster
General.
PLAN TO GREET
THEIR CHIEF
The following dispatch further discred
its the rumor:
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., May 14.— Hon. H.
Clay Evans passed through this city this
afternoon en route to Chattanooga, u hen
asked concerning a report that he is soon
to succeed Hon. Charles Emory Smith
as Postmaster General,. Mr. Evans said:
Tt-ere is positively nothing in the report.
Mr Emith is a popular official and will remain
In hla present position. I am soinjr to Cnsi 1 '
tanoojra to spend a week looking after private
b-jeiness.
Mr. Evans would say nothing as to
whether he is to » remain in the office of
Commissioner of Pensions.
TELEGRAPHIC reports were
received yesterday of a ru
mor current In the East that
Postmaster General Charles
Emory Smith contemplates
retiring from the, Cabinet and
that H. Clay Evans, United
States Commissioner of Pen
sions, is scheduled to supceed
him. The Postmaster General was asked
last night concerning the truth of the
rumor.
"There is no truth in the report, ne
said. "I have not even considered such
a ste?. I think it probable the report
arosefrom the fact that upon the expira
tion of lease upon the house I occupy in
Washington. I did not renew it, for the
reason that I wished to make a change
of residence, but not to leave Washiug-
Charies Emory. Smith Denies Rumor From the; East That He Will
Be Succeeded by H. Clay Evans, Commissioner of Pensions.
Secretary of the Navy. Long May Leave the Presidential Party
POSTMASTER GENERAL WILL NOT RETIRE
THE SAM -EB Afi'UlSCU CALL, WEDNESDAY; MA Y 15, 1901.
8
CHARLES EMORY SMITH. POSTMASTER GENERAL, WHO DENIES
THE RUMOR THAT HE WILL RETIRE FROM THE CABINET AND
BE SUCCEEDED BY H. CLAY EVANS.
Bishop R. Dubs,' D. D., LL. D., pf the
United .Evangelical- church, will conduct
a series of meetings In the German United
Evangelical Church on Twenty-fourth
street near Harrison. The initial Service
will be held this evening and services will
be held every evening during the : week
with the exception of Saturday. Bishop
Dubs presided over the Oregon Confer
ence of the Church,' and will .leave .here
next week for his horns in Chicago. .
Bishop Dubs on a Visit Here.
Admiral Melville, Designer
of the Ohio, Will See
Launching.
The hotel corridors presented a gay and
animated appearance last night. Officers
in full dress ¦ uniforms smoking, after-din
ner cigars and fair women in handsome
gowns made a pretty scene.
In the Palace Hotel lieutenant T. S.
Phelps, naval aid to the President, at
tracted perhaps the most attention. His
breast was v covered with orders and med
afs. He was, previous to his present ap
pointment, stationed on the coast for^sev
eraJ years, and last night he was kept
busy greeting old friends.
Rear Admiral Georsre Melville was also
around the Palace Hotel lobbies. He is
the designer of the battleship Ohio and
has come out with the Presidential party
to see his fondest dream realized. Admiral
Melville is a venerable man, and has the
appearance of a minister rather than a
seafaring man who has designed a modern
battleship. He is very shy of newspaper
men and modestly refused to talk about
the ship that will dip into the sea on
Saturday.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson is also
a guest at the Palace. He is accompanied
by his daughter. He takes more interest
in observing orange groves and fruit
orchards than in the imposing duties ot an
officer of state. He says that he is glad
that he took the trip and that he never
Last night Secretary Long was very
worried about the illness in his family
and could hardly be persuaded to leave
his boy's bedside long enough to attend
the reception to President McKinley at
the Ferry building.
PROMINENT MEN
VISITING HERE
called in ordered the child's retirement to
bed a.t once.
Congressman Foss of Illinois is chair
man of the committee on naval affairs in
the House of Representatives. 1 He is
pointed out as the next man ,UDon .whom
the folds .of the Senate toga will fall in
his State. He is out here to witness inci
dentally the launching of the battleship
Ohio and at the- same .time inspect the
various naval stations on the coast. He
is pointed out as one of the coming states
men of this country. <
D. \V. Baker, assistant librarian of the
United States Senate, is also at the Pal
ace. He is a young man with a world of
experience in Washington affairs. He is
a quiet man who would pass unnoticed in
a crowd. He holds the reputation, how
ever, of having the latest moves in politi
cal affairs at his finger tips.
Mark Smith, Delegate to Congress from
tho Territory of Arizona, was aJso around
the Palace last night. He is deemed the
moat liKely candidate for the United
States Senate when Arizona is admitted
us a State to the Union. .
The Oregon delegation, composed' of F.
W. Mulkey, M. C. George, George A.
Steel, John H. Hall, J. E. Haseltine and
F. L. Patterson, arrived here yesterday
to see the President. They want the
President to extend the length of his visit
in Portland. They claim that his arriv
ing there in the afternoon and leavfng
the next morning will not give time to
get a good impression of Portland. They
will see Secretary Cortelyou to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KSl For fifty years Schlitz Pf
CJ3 '"beer, has been brewed at B^
fggi Milwaukee. From this Kg
jj/jSi city it goes -to the remotest Wr,
jgrnj parts of the earth. The E^
S&?j8 sun never sets on Schlitz Ep^
lPP°i agencies. Civilized men V>£
B Ka not *' ve w^ ere Schlitz jT|t
P^ffl beer is not standard. L^
fc|gS Schlitz beer has made Ira
r*Pj Milwaukee famous. It has ijjjEg
El'jq! gi ven Milwaukee beer the W)Jl
JP3 distinction of purity, and |Ur
§yy| purity is everything, but' §p
f*fj all Milwaukee beer is not
Schlitz beer. People now Sj/
ePs] demand a beer that is £*>£
||ffli healthful, and that demand sfc?
r?J calls for Schlitz. g^
fLGS Schlitz purity is abso-^ R|a
PI! lute. Every process is Eg?*
||>gg cleanly. Every drop of rZQ
[XI the product is cooled in R^sj
\kM filtered air. Every barrel |V*
e3|] is filtered — every bottle gpS
[/Nil A beer that is aged and g^
|ylj pure is healthful. That P/
Ffl Thone Main 447. Sherwood SSher- fejjB
fcia wood, 212 .^rket St., San Francisco Esi*
3AM C SHAPE
f|i|&Iiffv TWO QUALITIES VMJBSai
§VJM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have be«n ; In use ever fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure tho
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses cr
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lose
Manhood. Impotency. Lose
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, —m Verlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stopa Ne*5«flrvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects i^JTrl.a r e immediate.
Impart vigor and C^jvxs potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restore Email, andeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; ( for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
?o cure or money refunded with s boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 E1U« St.. San Francisco. Cal. GRANT!
DRUG CO.. 33 and 40 Third st.
%Jtr FAVORSTE
pSCRIFHOM
I JL FOR WEAK WO MEN.
. <ljj>aB3* LNJECTION. |
I A PERMANENT CURE |
J » of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea, 5
" •! 5 G' 661 * guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< hats ; no other treatment required. . i
5 . Sold by all druggists. S
RRTTQW! ; rQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
X/AUOXl£lO«". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers,, fiounnills. foundries. laundries, paper-
langers. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.,
IfEARNY AND "WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
X). European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $S to 120 month.' Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre crates In every
room; elevator runs all nisht.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAHIANA BITTERS. THE
*-* great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application. '
COAL. COKE A.ND PIO IRON.
f.C It II SfiV SCO 90 ° -Battery Street.
J-V- TTmUflttUI;. Telephone Main 13SI.
COPPERSMITH.
CW. SMITH f^ 1 * CiP'nbJne. Steamboat and
V- TT« OiHUll, ghjp Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main EMI.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. ROYES & CD £ h! PP">S Butchers. 104
«IA J- liU 1 L. J U WU- Clay. Tel. Main 129*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front st.. S. P. Phone Main 1TO.
PRINTING.
E.CfflIG B ES, • m S aS, ? .
PRINTERS,. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTJTJD CO..
. . ¦ .. ' 23 First Street. San Franclsoa.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
«» Ca^forma PARTRIDGE ' *%S2**
X, S£j$iM]5*& V^T^ k| ' have been suffering from female diseases for four years. At times I have III
iL SHrP^*$w\\ Tila Hi lo 3° to k e^ # * have had several doctors but none of them did me any »j9
|^^^^^^^^^^^ x^^^aJJKi^K <t/*AYP .^-llla §H good. My menses have not been right for years and they get worse every ip®
fe^^^^^^Mi^V ' Vy NS^J^gf^^fe^g^$^---^^'^a^ year. My friends advise me to,take Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black- Egf **
>< mSMm Draught. I will tell you of my troubles and ask you to write me whether or not fM
feil^^^^S^^S^^Sl^^^^^l \\ fllittit l should take Wine of Cardui. I have pains all over me. I have no appetite to HI
1 B^^^^!^^wS^^BBliCTa^^^ll^^^^^Jl^V^Et^> J 1HU eat * At limcs !t hurts me to stand on my feet. I have spells in which I nearly f||
Kl^^^^^^^^^l^^^^^a^S I^S^iffi^^^^wSte^i s§Sh s "»other. My stomach and bowels are in bad shape and it hurts me to lie on W$L
t^SSI^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l^i^^^^^'^l ?ifiii my Slde * ' haVC catarrh in mv head so bad » mv head nearly kills me some- f|||
**/ fff The future seemed about hopeless when Mrs. Pearson* wrote Mi
suffering! This good woman knew she was gradually growing Wk
J|a'Jj|p"^ a^^^ 1 *^^^^ : pain grew sharper and continued longer each month, and each Jfi
$$10^ m " - -: m ' • ' month she grew less able to bear it. What was she to do? A Ii|*
III friend answered that for Mrs. Pearson by advising her to take Wine of Cardui. Mrs. Pearson can never fully repay that friend. §lf
IpS ' have used five bottles of Wine of Cardui and five packages of Thedford's Black-DraucfaJLaand I feel like a new woman My husband and 'my friends Illf
trl Sa u better than I have in some time. I wrote you in February about your medicin^Mlnl T liave been taking it ever since. I am doina all my work iU?
la u eaS - e> t? m r ? stln 2 well at night and sleeping like a child. My menses coupon r*&ularly now for the first time in three years, fhave no more ffl
£| smothering spells and no more headache, and I am feeling better in every way. Wfien I wrote" you last February I was not able to sit ui>. I betjan mendina IS3
HI as soon as I commenced taking your medicine and have been improving ever since. Your medicines have done me more good than all the doctors* 111
J|f How can any woman who suffers as Mrs. Pearson suffered read this statement without recognizing that Wine of Cardui will Kl
&j% cure her own ills in the same way. Wine of Cardui has brought relief to more than 1,000,000 women during its history of nearly H
Pj 100 years. It is not an untried experiment. A million healthy women are examples of the health-giving power of the Wine. It is ' S3
m a simple, harmless vegetable medicine, that always does one -thing— regulating the menstrual flow and strengthening the weakened IP?
HI and diseased female organs. That is what you need if you suffer like Mrs. Pearson. If you are in distress as she was, the way to iU
H health is open to you^-go to your druggist and buy a $1.00 bottle of Wine of Cardui. Don't accept substitutes. These women f|TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 15.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last' tide
of the day, except ,when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. ;
Sun, Moon and ¦ Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times - and Heights of High and Lov
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sai
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of • the- Superintendent.
NOTE— The - high I and . low waters occur . a
the city front ' (Mission-street ' wharf) abou
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
May 14, 190L
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. J3. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. a. N., in charge.
Steamer Movements.
FAMILY OUTING
IN THE CANYON
Ancient Order of United
Workmen to Gather
at Niles.
Arrangements Are Made for
an Old- Time Basket
Picnic.
Floor— J. B. McDonald, manager; M. L.
Stern, assistant manager; W. H. Krause, Wil
liam J. Ryan, L. Michelson, H. M. Gunder
son, T. J. Connihan, L. M. Manzer Jr.. R. W.
Downs. E. A. Dunn, W. B. Kelly and I* J.
Klein Jr.
Prizes— C. F. Kimball, O. Herzog, J. B. Mc-
Donald, C. E.- Sheffer, F. W. Kotelman, Mrs.
C. T. Spencer and Mrs. A. Morrison.
Games— Edward Lee Sr., M. Falleck, D
Keef e, J. M. Cattran, D. Keefe and J. -T. Kidd
Badges— Mrs. Walter Malloy, Mrs. C. P.
Shea, Mrs. A. Morrison and Mrs. C. T. Spencer.
Finance— Major M. J. Blackman, Julius Meyer
and Will J. Beatty.
Reception— S. H. Jenner, chairman; Mrs.
Mary J. Steart. Mrs. A. Morrison, Mrs. W
Malloy, Mrs. C. T. Spencer, A. Levy. W. O.
Zahn. P. W. Postel, D. B. Richards, C. H.
Mann, G. O. Jones, J. H. - Dan ton, E. L. Oyarzo,
H. Stein and C. A. Shea.
Honorary committee— Past Supreme Master
Workman William H. Jordan. Past Grand Mas
ter Workmen J. N. Young, W. H. Barnes, Ed
win Danforth, George H. Bahrs, J. W. Collins
and C E. Snook; Grand Master W. D. Morri*
son, Grand Foreman Freeman, Grand Overseer
F. W. Browning, Grand Recorder S. T. Spen
cer, Grand Receiver Sam Booth, Grand Medical
Examiner Dr. J. L. Mayon, Supreme Represen
tative D. S. Hirschberg; Corporate Directors J.
Bowman, John Hoesch and E. J. Fennon; Sec
retary of State C. F. Curry and. Herman Schaff
ner; Past Grand Chiefs Mrs. M. J. Stewart
Mrs. E. A. Lovejoy, Mrs. E. F. Mayon, Mrs.
N. J. Masters, Miss Margueritte Henrietta
Ohea and Mrs. Viola N. Norman; Grand Chief
Mrs. Flora J. Nay, Grand Lady of Honor Mrs.
Minnie Bacon, Grand Lady of Ceremony Mrs
C. Albin and Grand Recorder Miss Loretta F
Donnelly. . >
General committee— C. Spencer, John Mont
gomery, F. A. Worden, J. T. Shay lor, A. W.
Tuggey. T. W. Ward, J. M. Chase, GusPohlman,'
Leonard Stone, R. F. McKenzle, J. F. Walt
hour, 'H. Colson, C. Bloodworth, L. T. Rankin
Frank Norton, Robert Walker, W. M. Doyle,
Charles Maisel, G. Mosbacher, M. Glennon, M,
CLeary. William Coosh, H. J. Trowbridge, F.
Benjamin, H. Leavitt, J. P. Whitney, C. W.
Edwards, Joseph Lee, Joseph Schuster, T. Grif
fiths, H. McCracken, George Ceavley, J. H.
Barron, W. H. Daniels, James Land and A, D.
Hawley.
The committees are as follows:
Walter Malloy, president; Mrs. A. Morrison,
Mrs. W. Malloy and Mrs. Mrs. C. P. Shea, vice
presidents; E. A. Smith, treasurer; Will J.
Beatty, assistant treasurer; -H. Kaiser, chief
of police for the day. . ¦,
The following are the oflJcers:
All arrangements have been concluded
for the grand family outing and old-time
basket picnic of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen and of the Degree of
Honor that Is to be held in Fernbrook
Park, Niles Canyon, on Thursday, the 23d
inst. All of the thlrty-cne local lodges of
Workmen, the two local lodges of the De
gree of Honor, those of Alameda County
and those of Santa Clara County Have sig
nified their Intention to make this one of
the greatest fraternal gatherings that has
been held in this- state for years, Ar
rangements have been made to have, two
trains of the broad-gauge line convey pas
sengers to the grounds, one to leave at 9
in the morning and the other to leave at 1
in the afternoon. The several committees
that are to manage this great gathering
have been selected on account of their
knowledge of family outings and they will
do all that can be done to make the affair
a most enjoyable one. There will be
games and races for minors and' adults
and prizes will be awarded to old and
young, beautiful and only fair, fat and
lean, and a special prize to. the one who
will admit that he is the "champion
kicker" of the crder.
twenty-flv© minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
CEBTHTOATES TO BE
ISSUED TO TEACHERS
Board of Examination Recommends
Permanent Credentials for a
Large Number.
At a special meeting of the City Board
of Examination held yesterday the fol
lowing named teachers were recommend
ed for certificates to be granted by the
Board of Education:
Renewal of grammar grade certificates—
Misses M. L. Wiseman, Kmma J. Dornih, S.
Louise Bruce M. L. Sabins, R. JacobB, Stella
(i. liurnell, Viola Bruce, B. Smithson, Edith
M. Lapham and J. L. Murphy.
Permanent High School certificates— George
O. Mitchell, Miss C. E. Wilson. Miss Helen
M. Thompson, Miss C. L. Hunt, Klisha Brooks
Miss Fidelia Jewett. Mrs. Mary Prag, Miss
Kate Elliott, Mrs. M. J. Mayborne, Miss Nel
lie "M. Owens and Miss Laura T. Fowler.
Permanent grammar school certificates— Mrs.
Mary P. Gannon, Miss Margaret F. Haussler.
Miss H. M. Pairchild, Miss B. M. Bonelli
Mrs. A. H. Green, Miss A. M. Johnson. Miss
Ada Martin, Miss M. Frances Fitzgerald. Miss
U McElroy, Miss M. J. Fapan, MIbs May R.
Duraind, C. W. Moores. Misses E. Douglas,
A. M. Lastreto, Marie Horton, Ida R. Strauss,
Lucy M. Wade, Sadie R. Thompson, M. E
Hill, E. S. Loud, Florence S. Haynea, Eliza
beth A. Or, Isabella Patterson, M. E. Kaplan
M. A. Haswell, C. L. Sweeney, Mary A. Hous
ton, Jean Seymour Klink, Cbrinna M. Curtis,
Quinette O. McConnell, Pauline Langstadter,
Elizabeth Crowley, Mrs. L. A. Shaw, Miss
Luella Gilespie, Mrs. M. A. Hoogrs, Misses N
N. C." Stallman, H. Featherly, F. E. Coleman
F. Greenhood, E. S. Heney, Edna Cadwala
der, May T. Camblien, Evelyn Levison, Mrs.
M. E. Steele, Misses Lucy F. Adams, Helen
D. Conlon, Roberta A. Thompson, Richard D
Faulkner, Misses L. Kalmuk, Martha H
Ritchie, Mary E. Roberts, Mrs. Laura Jacobs
Misses Louise H. Koch, M. Elliott, Ella n!
Booth, Nellie Keruhaw, M. A. Castelhun, E J
Moynihan, K. O'Brien, Caroline B. Barlow,
Belle M. Stanford. Lucretia Burnham, Belle
McXtcolI, Bessie Meyers, K. R. Paxton, K T
Nunan, Kate T. Fltzsimmona. Elizabeth
Hitchens, Cecilia F. Langiey, Pauline Hart,
Emellne M. North, M. E. Curry, K. F. Casey,
Mrs. G. l'Hommedleu, Misses Josephine Cohen,
Sophie Athearn, F. M. Franklin,. Louisa F.
Bray, M. L. Lynch, Flora Van den Bergh
Annie F. McDennott. Laura Helneberg-, Fran
ces A. Mooney, Lucy M. McNear, A. N.
Unper, E. J. Barber, Mary E, Traynor, Ellen
A, Sleator, M. B. Casey, Elizabeth Carson,
Marguerite M. Moore, Louise Renwlck, Nellie
O'Langhlin, R. H. Hazleton. Mary McNerry,
Annette D. Miley, Agnes McLaughlin, Chris
tine M. Stack, May Soule, Mrs. Elizabeth But
ler, Misses Mary L. Downey, M. F. Edwards,
Jeanette Bphraim, Jennie Johnson, J. Hoch
helmer, Nellie A. Jacobs and Mrs. Grace D.
Mitchell.
Permanent primary grade certificates— Miss
Nellie E. Ewlng, Mrs. Theresa I>avidson, I.Iisa
Rose C. Gallagher. Miss J. A. Blgley, Mrs.
Hattle B. Steele, Miss Maria A, Irwln, Miss
M. E. Morgan, Miss A. Nelson, Miss E. T.
Ryan, Miss Mary E. Flynn, Mrs. B. M. Peake,
Miss A. M. Forester and Miss Nellie T. Foley.
Permanent special certificates. High School,
history— Mrs. H. B. Steele. Grammar grade,
Gei man— Misses Laura Helneberg, A. M.
Unger and Annette D. Miley; French— Miss F.
Mooney; cookery— Miss Kate E. Whltaker.
It was recommended to the State Board
of Education that Miss J. L. Murphy be
granted a State life diploma of the gram
mar erade.
SWIFTLY SLIPS
FROM THE WAYS
Launching of Alaskan
Comes Off With
Success.
She Is the Largest Steamship
of Merchant Type
Built Here.
The steamship Alaskan, the largest
merchant steamship ever built on the Pa
cific Coast, was successfully launched last
evening at S:23 from the yard of the Union
Iron Works. Bhe was In a cradle near
the battleship Ohio, that is to be launched
next Saturday. Miss Frances Sherwood
Hopkins broke the bottle of champagne
en the bew as the huge craft began to
slide down the ways and named the ves
seL Attached to the v bottle was a lonsr
blue ribbon on ¦which were the name of
the vessel, the date and Miss Hopkins'
name. There were present on the plat
form two score ladles and gentlemen,
among the business men being Messrs.
Chesebrough and Dimond of -Williams,
Dimond & Co., the agents of the Ameri
can-Hawaiian Steamship Company, for
which the vessel was built. Superintend
ent Dickie of the ship yard and Mr. Gunn
represented the shipbuilding company.
Just before the launching Miss Hopkins
was presented with a casket containing
a large picture of the steamship, above
which was her own portrait.
A majority of the employes of the
Union Iron Works and many others were
spectators of the launching and many
cheered as the ship went down into the
wa.ter. A powerful searchlight was
turned on, making- her progress visible to
all spectators.
The Alaskan is estimated to be 200 tons
heavier than the battleship Ohio, and she
has a carrying capacity one-half greater
than the Californian of the same line.
£he Is of 12.000 tons gross burden, 489 feet
long and 57 feet breadth, with 32 feet
depth of hold. She is for the run between
San Francisco. Hawaii and New York.
From the last named port she will bring
peneraJ merchandise to San Francisco,
from this port will take supplies to Ha
waii and from Honolulu sugar to the At
lantic coast.
ITTIATIIY A CONTXAGBATION.
Gasoline Explosion Sets Fire to Fol-
som and Howard Street Bulkhead.
Tfcere ¦was a narrow escape from a
serious conflagration at the bulkhead be
tween the Howard and Folsom-street
wharves Monday night. - Had It not been
for the chemical engine on the transport
wharf thousands of ; . dollars' worth of
damage would have been done. A tank
of a gasoline boat was being filled when
a young lad approached the running oil
with an open lantern. There was an ex
plosion and the oil set fire to the wharf.
Lruclnly Third Assistant Engineer Bird
and George Corbett of the transport
Samoa were present and they, with the
assistance of Watchman Russ of the
transport -wharf, got the chemical engine
to the scene and in a few minutes the flre
was out. An alarm was turned in from
box 36 and Chief Sullivan and a chemical
engine responded, but were too late.
In consequence of the flre the Harbor
Commissioners have issued orders that in
future all gasoline boats will have to fill
their tanks at a place remote from much
used wharves.
Movements of Transports.
The Sheridan, with the Forty-fifth ana
Forty-sixth regiments of volunteers,
ehould reach home any day now. The
big: transport is seventeen days out from
Nagasaki to-day and as that Is her sched
ule time, she is now being looked for
hourly. ¦• *¦ '.. '¦¦'
The Pennylvania, with the Fortieth; the
Hancock, with the Thirty-first, and the
Buford, with the Forty-first volunteers,
are now out five days. The Kilpatrick,
•with parts of the Thirty-eighth, Forty
third and Forty-fourth regiments: the
Grant, with the Forty-eighth and Forty
ninth: the Ohio, with the Forty-seventh,
and the Indiana, with the Forty-second
regiments, are ready to start from
Manila, When the fleet Is all in the last
of the volunteers will be at home.
The biiar freight transport Samoa sails
for Manila, via Pug-et Sound, to-day. She
takes about 5000 tons of general supplies
from this port and will take on board
about 5000 tons more at Seattle. The big
freighter will probably have to come back
from the Philippines in ballast.
Charters.
The barks Andrew Welch, Amy Turner. Al
<3en Besse and the barkeatine Archer will' load
merchandise for Honolulu; the Allen A., lum
ber at Eureka for Honolulu; the Aberystwith
Cartle, lumber at Eureka for Sydney, 62s 6d;
the Lota, lumber at Blakeley for West Coast,
I'isagua range, 65s. prior to arrival; the
Ftronsa, wheat at this port for Europe, 37s 6d.
I-rior to arrival; the Tropic Bird, merchandise
for Tahiti.
Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Tuesday. May 14.
Stmr CoquIIle River, Green, 78 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 72 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 98 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Condor, Anderson. 18 days from
Salaverrj'-
Schr CoQuille, Pearson, 4li days from Co
qullle Hlver.
Schr J H Bruce, Petereen, 14 days from
Kaanapali.
Schr Volunteer, Brissem, 8% days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Lily. Bottger. 7 days from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 14.
6tmr Queen, 1 Thomas, Baa Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Denderah. Von Riegen. Hamburg
and way ports; J D Spreckeis & Bros Co.
Bark Albert Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Diraond & Co.
Tuesday, May 14.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, Fanta Cruz.
gtmr Matteawan, Ctoscud. Tacoma.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Fouth Portland, Hall Seattle.
Star Celia, Hipirlns. . *
U 6 etmr Warren, Barneson, Seattle.
Ger itmr Dendorah. Von Reieen, Hamburg,
etc.
Ger ship Anna, Bohlmann, Queenstown.
Br 6car Alexander, Ericksen, Petropaulov-
Eki, via Aberdeen, Or.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 14. 10 p m— Weather
SPOKEN.
May 6, lat 4S 2 N. Ion 80 12 W— Br ship Al
cinous. hence Jan 15, for Queenstown.
Acrll 30. lat 25 N, Ion 22 W— Br ship Ar
njifia. from Shields, for San Francisco.
Judge Carroll Cook delivered an im
portant decision yesterday in the habeas
corpus case of Con Ming, a Chinese fish
erman convicted of violating the fish and
game laws by having shrimps when out
of season in his possession. The question
at issue involved the validity of section
C28 of the Penal Code, which was amended
at the last session of the Legislature so
as to protect shrimps among other fish.
The writ was dismissed and the prisoner
was remanded into the custody of the
Sheriff.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
For the defendant it was contended that
the section in question was void, because
of the title of the act purporting to amend
it. To maintain the point; the Judge
said, would be esablishing a precedent
which would compel him, if he followed
his own decision, to hold (if the question
should after July 1 be presentned to him)
that all of the new codes adopted by the
Legislature were void since the titles of
the act adopting them were open to the
same objection made to the act involved.
"While I feel." said the Judge, "that
when the question is presented to ahe
Supreme Court it is probable that that
court will, on the ground advanced, de
clare the acts adopting the new codes in
valid by reason of their titles. I do not
feel Justified in committing myself in ad
vance on a question of such general im
portance throughout the State./ Every
trial court in the State will be called upon
the first of July to pass upon the validity
of the new codes and the question then
can be definitely settled by the Supreme
Court. I will not, therefore, attempt in
advance of a decision by that tribunal to
decide this question, for should I hold the
act to be invalid an appeal would be taken
from my decision, whereas by remanding
the prisoner the question can be at once
presented to the Appellate Court.
thick; wind SW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 13— Stmr Victorian,
for' Ska^uay.
Arrived May 13 — Stmr Dlrigo, from Dyea.
May 14 — Stmr Senator, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 14— Br
Btmr Glenogle, from Puget Sound; Br stmr
Glenesk, from Manila-
Sailed May 14— Bark Carondelet. for Callao.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 14— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed- May 14— Br
stmr Alpoa, for Nanaimo.
EUREKA— Arrived May 14— Stmrs Signal and
Suoth Coast, hence May 12; stmr Pomona,
hence May 13.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 14— Br Btmr Oopack,
from TaComa.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 14— Schr
Endeavor, hence May 1; brig Tanner, hence
April 29.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 15— Schr Abbie, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 14— Br ship Cypro
mezxe, from PiBazua.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Allian
ca, from Colon; stmr Calif ornlan, from Hono
lulu, via Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
" FALMOUTH— Arrived" May 13— Br ship Lang
dale, from Oreron.
Passed May 12 — Br ship Dunsyre, from Ore
gon, for United Kingdom. -
HAMBURG— Arrived prior to May 13-Ger
ship Maipo, from Oregon. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 12— Br 6hip Riv
erside, hence Jan 7; Br ship Crocodile, hence
Deo 28.
PANAMA— Arrived prior to April 30— Ger bk
Baldur, from Newcastle, Aus.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed May 13— Br bark
Dunearn, from Shields, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 29— Br ship
Albania, for Panama.
QUEElNSTO"W'N"— Sailed May 11— Br chip
Anglesey, for Dublin.
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 13— Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 12— Br ship Afon
Alaw, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 13— Br ship Lei
cester Castle, from Oreeon.
COROKEL— Arrived prior to April 24— Aus
stmr Federica, hence March 8. for Valparaiso.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed May 13— Br ship
Rajore, from Antwerp, for San- Francisco.
CENTRAL AMERICA— Sailed April 25— Ger
stmr Pentaur. from Hamburg-.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 11— Stmr City of
Peking:, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 14 — Br stmr Doric hence
P ' OCEAN" STEAMERS. »
XEW YORK— Sailed May 14— Stmr Bervla, for
Liverpool; stmr Georgic, for Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 14— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed May 13— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg:, for New York.
CHERBOURG — Arrived May 14— Stmr Graf
"Waldersee. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburz, and proceeded.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 14— Stinr Duke of
Fife, from Tacoma 'and Victoria, B C. for
Honekcng.
Affects All the Codes Adopted
by Last Legisla
ture.
Important Decision Ren
dered by Judge Car
roll Cook.
NEW AMENDMENT
MAY BE INVALID
THE SAN FRANJDISCO CALL,^WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1901.
9
WANTS STREETS REPAIBED •
IN DOWNTOWN DISTRICT
.
North. Central Improvement Associa
tion Suggests TJse of Movable
r 4 Refuse Cans. :
Secretary Edgar Painter of the North
Central Improvement Association ad
dressed a communication to the Bureau
of Streets yesterday in which he directs
attention. to the fact that various down
town'streets are in urgent need of re
pairs He refers particularly to Leides
dorflf street, where the bitumen is in bad
condition. As the Board ol Public "Works
has expressed its intention to repair bi
tuminized streets whenever necessary.
Painter Tequests that the work In that di
rection be prosecuted 1" in . the district
named. , ' • .
Painter also suggests that the plan or
having dirt cans propelled on wheels for
the cleaning of streets which is.in vogue
in some Eastern cities be put in operation
here. He says that the cans now used
are too small. The refuse is frequently
allowed to remain alongside when they
are filled up and the wind scatters It in
all directions.- Larger cans would obviate
the difficulty and the sweepers would save
time if they were able to move the cans
about as they gather up the dirt, Painter
Bays. - ¦ _ _ , • '
,
Cullen Is Tired of Living.
James Cullen, until recently employed
on the transport "Warren, attempted to
commit suicide in Golden Gate Park yes
terday afternoon by cutting himself in the
throat and chest with a pocket ,knife.
None of the'wounds are considered fatal,
although the knife blade slightly pene
trated the left lung. Cullen had been
drinking heavily and while in a despond
ent mood determined to end his life.
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalls.l Pier.
May 15. I
Mandalay Coqullle River — 2 pm|Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pmjPier 2
Queen Ban Diego I 9 am | Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
May 17.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
Santa Ana..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier —
¦ May 18.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
Fulton..'. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 18
San Pedro.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 4 pm Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
G W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Acme Tillam<>ok Bay 12 m Pier 13
May 10.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
. May 2O.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 2
.May 21. ,
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls.
City of Topeka. Skagnay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports.. May ID
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports,. May 19
State of Cal Skasuay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 25
Ruth Golovln Bay direct May 25
:eame:
iue.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt |May I
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May]
Washtenaw Tacoma May 1
Acme Siuslaw River May ]
Kvaryen Comox May ]
Marlposa Honolulu '. May 1
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. May 1
Corona Newport ..May!
Orescent City.. Crescent City .May!
Santa Rosa San Diego ...' May]
Point Arena. Point Arena ; May ]
Rival Willapa Harbor May 1
Ban Pedro San Pedro May 1
Pomona. Humboldt May ]
Protrreeo Tacoma May!
Umatilla Puget Bound Ports May ]
R. Dollar Ban Pedro ..; May 1
Rureka.... Humboldt May 1
Acapulco Panama & "Way Ports. May,!
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May J
Arcata Coos Bay May 1
Bonlta Newport .:....;.:... May 1
Queen San Diego : May 1
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 2
America Mam. China and Japan May 2
Sun rises ..'.
Sun sets
Moon rises
• Time Time Time
Date r- Ft Ft.
, L TV H W L, W|
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41
16... 3:43-0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28
17 ... 4:32-0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14
18 ... 5:21—1.2 12:26 4.9 6:00
19 ... 6:11 —1.3 1:20 B.O 5:51
H W L. W H W
20 .. 0:00 6.5 7:00—1.2 2:14
21... 0:53 6.1 7:51—1.0 3:06|
I Ft
1.7
2.0
2.3
2.6
2.8
4:59
7:12
2:52 a. m.
IHme
Ft.
H W
9:04 6.2
9:46 $.5
10:30 6.6
11:14 6.6
6:41 8.0
7:45 3.1
.6.0
B.I
Steamer.
Destination.
lSalls.l Pier.
May 15. I
Mandalay Coqullle River — 2 pm|Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pmjPier 2
Queen Ban Diego I 9 am | Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
May 17.
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 34
Santa Ana..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier —
¦ May 18.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
Fulton..'. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 18
San Pedro.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 4 pm Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla Honolulu 10 am Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
G W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Acme Tillam<>ok Bay 12 m Pier 13
May 10.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
. May 2O.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 2
.May 21. ,
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls.
City of Topeka. Skagnay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports.. May ID
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt. ...... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports,. May 19
State of Cal Skasuay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 25
Ruth Golovln Bay direct May 25
Sun rises ..'.
Sun sets
Moon rises
• Time Time Time
Date r- Ft Ft.
, L TV H W L, W|
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41
16... 3:43-0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28
17 ... 4:32-0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14
18 ... 5:21—1.2 12:26 4.9 6:00
19 ... 6:11 —1.3 1:20 B.O 5:51
H W L. W H W
20 .. 0:00 6.5 7:00—1.2 2:14
21... 0:53 6.1 7:51—1.0 3:06|
I Ft
1.7
2.0
2.3
2.6
2.8
4:59
7:12
2:52 a. m.
IHme
Ft.
H W
9:04 6.2
9:46 $.5
10:30 6.6
11:14 6.6
6:41 8.0
7:45 3.1
.6.0
B.I
:eame:
iue.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt |May I
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May]
Washtenaw Tacoma May 1
Acme Siuslaw River May ]
Kvaryen Comox May ]
Marlposa Honolulu '. May 1
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. May 1
Corona Newport ..May!
Orescent City.. Crescent City .May!
Santa Rosa San Diego ...' May]
Point Arena. Point Arena ; May ]
Rival Willapa Harbor May 1
Ban Pedro San Pedro May 1
Pomona. Humboldt May ]
Protrreeo Tacoma May!
Umatilla Puget Bound Ports May ]
R. Dollar Ban Pedro ..; May 1
Rureka.... Humboldt May 1
Acapulco Panama & "Way Ports. May,!
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May J
Arcata Coos Bay May 1
Bonlta Newport .:....;.:... May 1
Queen San Diego : May 1
Columbia Portland and Astoria... May 2
America Mam. China and Japan May 2
THE EittrOBIDM. | ; : THE EEffPOBITnO. / | -:*.t; ¦:¦ \ 'THE EMPOBIXTM. ' |. . THE ElgPOBnng. - -,
ffrj.- ¦¦-. ¦. . • ¦•¦ . .¦-•;¦•¦¦- -...-• .- ' ;.: , "•' ¦; ¦" ¦ ¦ ... -" - * •"' - ¦ r , ._¦•- •. ¦. ¦ .-• . | • . Ji
I Visitors to the city vv^i^ Emporium g
I and Golden Rule Bazaar. All Market-street cable cars pass the main en- |
I trance, and! the terminal points of the Turk and Eddy street electric lines and fj
J the Powell-street cable system are directly across the street. You will find here luxuriously appointed Ladies' J
g Parlors, with Lavatory, Emergency Hospital and Children's Nursery adpining; an Information Bureau, wnere ac- J'
«C curate information of /he haDDenin^s ~>f the weak, railroad and steamship time tab'es, street-car service, places o,f *
.{f interest, etc. /can be obtained; Free Parcel- Checking Bureau, ''Local and Long-Distance Telephones, Telegraph Station and Postoffice, Restaurant and Barber jt
K Shop, Hairdressing Parlor, etc. Don't leave the city. without seeing the Big Store, with its nine acres of floor-space and its thousand-odd employes — it is one of jj
I White Goods We* The Sale .of Ladies' Trimmed Hats S
I To -day only, we : offer two cases of good grade, § CfU FtIIIPV ffn^rV fOl* 2^C S5p $6, $7, $8. *
J seasonable white goods; fancy open work and JVC FailCy rllOMCry IVF COK, ;. ,. ; -: : TheTery thT v^ new«t Sd^e v«T '«
I -;-fi::^. for -^ w* Lyons sslk Veiyet 57c yard.
i Trunk Sale, w :. , ma ™ &*$!*•*?* Only - v h thi SfsSSS |
ft? . The big-store's silk buyer has b;en exccedingy fortunate in his purchases this /^^slSffl and are fresh and "?
?» hun "**> w . In y aacov "- season, and many have been the rare bargains that we have been able to offer in V unhandled: never **
>^ fS^"t* u lj t*k <antcd, four thls department during the' past two months, but none to excel this one. before . shown} no •»
&* ¦^^li'^"*' iJ ats on ' to P and About '5°° y ard ' of L y° ns Silk Velvet in a beautiful line o c colorings; all gool, feisouable better taa^hive * v
ftf -ft^^jft Wi I H two around bo'^y shades, such as tin/ brown, old rosr, olive, magenta, reseda, yellow, national EE m 9' 4^ fj°if ** **'"
*i l^vSjnr 1 I )f trunk- go)d blu:, light blue, emerald, pink, gobelin, ecru, etc.; velvets that arc sold regu- £ Qj, eral doUrs mon; «V
I SSffi^^^Effr — Hi ra slock and larly at gi.oo ani a yard; on ipecral "sa'e to-day (Wednesday) only.... four lots, Wednesday "g- • • • • ¦.••¦• — %
I W&^&SWIm Silk Waists Worth Up to Si|p " m " ros M |
I $12.50, To-Day Only $4.95. {y=S=gSt±n::.«S 5
| marked for «™i, ale Wednesday only, at We bought the stock of a" manufacturerr«id while 4 ' CPtt ° $
» -Sizf U .\" C r!!f^|t! f * Ce3 -_, sin f; some few-are mussei and' som- few are slightly . - Beit BuckieS S
K Reguii'rl"y'.''.!".A'.". S6.DO "^n^ soiled, the s:vcral . hundred fine tilk waists! are mwt.y in W^ &**&i JLCSS than H&tSfm "5
$ To-day I.. $4.55 $4 85 d W*Z!f S ~*F ThelargctvarietyandthebestqualitiejinLadfa- |
£ S ; ze IL. .30 in. 32 in.- back, and aU sizes; regular.y |6.oo,^7^o, Jl«.oo and ; .Belt Buckles fiat the Big Store for any store 5
$ $ 7 .oo .^.50 |ia.5O;aUa one price Manday and 4g^Q«- . in this citv) haa ever shown. It is a 'manu- ?
$ To- ay... $5.33. $57O «l»le the lot last, •-- 8^^' M|»»W fectuter'. fo'J line. Every pretty new ft
K S:ze • • • 34 in. 36 in. / $2230, $25.00, $27.50, $30.00 NCW TaUor DreSSCS fm\\Wif) jfMk style is shown in the lot, and prices are less £
g Regu'arly * <J.oo 58. co ; $19.50— Assorted lot of 2oo.of the newest Eton Jffy&WSMflMf\& thaa half tbMe rouall y Mkpd ? tCMLlv °°^ 1 $
XT. 0 -***-- *•¦ $°'1O $6.55 presses; tome^ with and sora without^vest effects; in all the " K « '.VII l/i JStxUI llB/ ifil" 25o. 35 C, 5Og, 65 C* *
$ R^y:::::;:;; C°' -^ 5 "' v wHSHbL^ 75c,$loo, $1.25 each :5
5 „, 6 . J *c ob' a* <»« model dreses, ma. e mths highest manner; also an all-silk yr - H
lo-czy »P.b>O 97.2O !j n . d Belted Eton p eMe cheviot; navy and black; all / y¥ &\X y .<
I _ 25cPaneteHeS T^^^^M $19.50 " The Emporium desires to arr *
5 y . 1*:*% • — — '¦ nounce the enlargement and imr $
I H 10 Cm Sale of Men's , Sf.OO Wine Sets 69c movement of its workrooms for •;
S I a fine quality of Writing Paper; qsgfr H smnriir*»»**hM**f*s To-dly only,' ¦ Hair Dressing, Manicuring and 3r
If J A8.a, crram rose^ and blue tnts, *UK nanUKGrGmeWS, yv one of our new Facial treatment, trting the *?
X ¦¦ • ?£M$M Octftesi ' \WO, 27C, 37C. § Venetian Ojj- largest capacity and " as ,J ng its S
% P^ti^ 24 tneets of paper and 25 envelopes We off " at about h Of the'r real wcrth, the , fe decanter six the finest Set vice in San >C
If W 7 ta match; to-day per box babnee of a lot of Men's Silk Handkerchiifs, f£ H - wiae sttt FranCXSCO. %
i Wm ••••• 'W f^ ht b^ ™ from \fi"r^ housc .«=, iQa glass tray to compieU stock of Hair Goods £
ii =*%3SS£i , . that was winding up its busine s. Japanese f^S=* -^#==\~Li -...a. . ' _ . . C . , ,. , ., , .%
* MIS . " Silk H ai dkerchi ; f 3 with hemsttcned borders; ¦ , , ' . ? \ « earned, including white and .*
$ Sli! f Y&" Fobs 38C worth 35c each; Wednesday only \-filil^ft3^ *i oo 5 the sit natural gray, and the"Vera" g
5 W$k " Fs*fh • • V • • V ; " • •'• • • e:,; • vv •;, T? SSSfeJL^ySSP emp'ete, Pompadour roll. Stecial pieces .J
l IS Fineouffofs^Fobs; war- 6 9C «* *** » «*?*** %**#% \
% ¦^^^K^ i |^^^^g^^2 '- T^~T- . In ms department win *
S : o, biooi or jade stone •^•- •,• • -f'C Sale of Coiored be found a leautitul dpplay o : x
*C s=^.i-i= cha-ms attached; on special ja'e 10 kinds of Men's Silk Handkerchiefs; in the . _„ *¦«•**» /{,;„„ novelties in real and imitation "2
f m 3»- jsagg '^ 38c «^ 3 d^J '^ y T^mH a ,.„ JSSSSSZSZZiLi she !' Tt and hair S ; : 5
- • . brge size that usual ys:lls for 75c; raphy outfits; our buyer has made an ex. W the ManiCUrmg Department jj
J£ XVl /T9^91/^e KtiP»ct# specal Wednesday on y, each ...'. jT#C ceeaingly e'erer purchase of about 300 beaa_ noneout sklled Operators are em- "2
*S -*• o / -— "^TT : ~-. tifui colored sheepskins, the same t ize tha t ployed ; and onlv the lest material* :«
t Grocery Bargains. 5OC Pitchers 29C. ' f'^P. 80l .t for 75 C ; ** wh . at y ot f are used. Gents' Manicuring 50c; 5
ft „ t, " tj . . ... - fa. .making piLows and other burnt leathe . , ., * . . •__ _, . ¦ ' .J
» Hams — Best Eastern, nice mild cure, The new shape D pve:tes; on special tale Wednes- Ladles' Mamcvrm3 25c; Harr Dress- .«
5 at the very special price to- , shown in illustra-^^^^^^^^^^ day only| each * 41 C ing 25c >t
f day (Wednesday) only, Ib. B*S%2 tion, a handsome _, y^^^5^W Kn OV»#«' a<» 99^ Leave orders for special service > $'
g Tomatoes-Good standard quality, to-dav, 3 gold-edged Milk // k -2a^5'«\ « OUG rtCtUrCS m^Gm a f hoUh, at VetV reasonable 5
2, tins ,,. 21 G Pitcher, decorated WvvgS&siklfl -Ji JfJ a excc P t i° na^y choice h'ne of 1 6x20 inch .. • J*
Jf Crackers — Champion and Frisco Lunch Crack- with co:ored floral \* \^^^Vi%^ carbonettes; 20 carefully selected subjects of vTlCeS. ft
K ers, new ani crisp, to-day, per Ib SO designs, holds 7 AVrar/ A' landscapes, fancy heads, figures and chid — jg
X Puree de Foij Grai— Regular 25c tin; to-day, pints, a splendid. \A > fe/ studies, mounted and finished with 3-inch __ _^ » ¦ «
K 20o , 50c value; to-day &Hf^isS -carbon mat, regularly 50c each; on ***% NGCf{Vf63l* t33J*ff3§flm
Jf Chocolate— Ghirardelli's Eagle Chocolate, i-!b. only, each 2QC V _ : special sa'e Wednesday only ZSZmC *A special sale for to-day (Wednesday) only, x
tt cakei; tj-cay only ...."¦•. i ..::-.'.... -.21 3 ¦ ~ ~ ; : ~~~ — ; :^~~- — ' — r ; — : — ~ — ; — —"" Lace Collars — 150 this season's choicest and If
!£ Harper's Whiskey— Rye or bourbon, reauar- P«i I^JflS»E3*^ <ak«\>{| NwIWH «-» > *»f
f ly Ci.oo a bottle; to-day 75o %% mP^Z m . jSt mi A ' 8fi € O TUS CUrGtfm $
Johannis Mineral Water— The king of tab'e |j?A r tfB^^jB^B^pyft Hm 11^4^ P^2^ TR2*l ft^> V\ ' Corn9 ' Bun5ons > In^owing Toe N^ns, etc., •*
f Zr25o;%r%l^::^; y sl%B CALIFORNIA'S LARQECT..AMERICA-S ORANDEST STORE S?i2*SS^S-?~ < * h<^l
AMUSEMENTS.
TO GREET THE NATION'S PRESIDENT.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINED SAT. 2:30 P. M.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And tho NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
v Triumph, ¦ . •. .
BARBARA
ffflETGH/E.
Evening: 25c, 35c, 50c. 75c, $1.00
Saturday Matinee ......25c, 50ci 73c
-•• ¦ ¦¦ NEXT— "PHROSO." -.
vn&thi. SAT R eHp
EXTRA BIATIPE TO-DAY.
Our President's 'Greeting:.
Elaborate Scenic Prodyctlon of Milton Royle's
; v - ... ". • ". Comedy Drama, » . ' ¦ • . •
'• - .. ¦¦;": .', ¦ ¦ ; ¦- SV-^'.j ¦¦ ;
'/ Reserved Seats^-lSc, 255, S5c, 50c.
>'/> Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next Week— DOUBLE BILL.
"THE FIRST BORN" an1 "GLORIANA."
P- SEATS NOW READY. - '
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
«*A Splendid Success!"
"And Has Caught the Town."
T If ff T-^
Sparkling 1 with Fun and Musla
POPULAR PRICES.TJTTT... ......... 25c and 50o
. Telephone— Bush 9. -
ALHAMBRA
The Place to Lau^h^v
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK,
Columbia Minstrel Co.
MBlack-Faee Artists -Sing- n A
ers, Dancers. Comedians, hi J
- Vaudeville Pepfopmers. UU
PRICKS ...\. .:...::. ..l:.. T . ...10c. 23o and SOe
Seats at the Theater and the Emporium.
Phone Howard 1974.
PTQr.HP'R'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riatUiitt D Admission lOc.
, Damery and Bancroft, Augusta Salvlnl.
Clara . Palmer. Hyde, De Boe, Belle , Wilton and
Evans, : Devees and Evans. :.. ¦¦,
' - ¦ Reserved ¦ Seats, " 25c. ••• ¦ Matinee - Sunday. ' . ,
POSTUM CEBEAL.
AMUSEMENTS.
¦MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). MAT 15.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren,^ 10c, any part, except reserved.
A PRESIDENTIAL WELCOME BILL
JAMES • O/ BARROWS, JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY; BISON CITY QUAR-
TETTE, ED LATELLE/ THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS, ZEB AND - ZARROW, THE BIO-
GRAPH. • , ..;¦; I :
Last Week of the Favorites.- -I ¦•
THE AGOUST FAMILY and V
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
SPECIAL MATINEES
Tnursday, Friday, Saturday
? and hunday.
LAST 4 NIGHTS
. AND SATURDAY MATINEE. ? - ¦ >
James A. Herne's Great Play,
A STORY OF HEART AND HOME. . •
Last Performance Saturday Night.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY, ' '
HENRY MILLER,
An<J.a Strong Supporting Company . in '.
"HEARTSEASE." v
Seat Sale Begins To-morrow Morning.-"
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
• ALL OF THIS WEEK! .
FLORENCE : STONE ¦ and • JACK ¦ WEBSTER,
Supported by Oar New Stock Company,' r. :
in Daniel I* Hart's Great Drama.
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPTANCE."
" One of Stuart Robson's Greatest Successes.
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats, 75a.
¦A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— "QUEEN OF CHINATOWN."
Grand Flower Show,
California State Floral Society.
GRAND NAVE,. FERRY BUILDING.—
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
„ MAY 16, 17. 18.
ADMISSION 25c. Day and Evening.
• : — : — ,, \ . ; — -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGH TS. - j r
Open Daily From 7 . a. ~ m. ' to : 10 ; p. m.
¦ Bathing From 7 a..mJ.:to 10 p." m.
¦ ; ADMISSION 10c. ¦ .'- CHILDREN ' oc. t ¦
Bathing, Including' admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
Pictures' at Half -Price.
Following our usual custom this month
we will close out a - lot of odd-framed . pic-
tures at exactly one-half price. ¦ Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •¦ T ¦¦¦
TRANSFORMATIONS.
Curious Results Wlieii Coffee IMnlc-
ing Is Abandoned.
Tt la almost as hard for an old c,offe«
toper to quit the nee of coffee as it is for
a whiskey or tobacco fiend to break off,
except that the coffee user can. Quit coffee
and take up Postum " Food Coffee with-
out any feeling of a loss of the morning
beverage, for when Postum Is well- boiled
and served with cream, it Is reaJly better
In point of flavor than most of the coffee
served nowadays, and to the taste of. the
connoisseur It is like the flavor of fine
Java,
A great transformation takes place in
the body within ten days or two weeks
after coffee Is left off and Postum Ffcod
Coffee used, for the reason* that the
poison to the nerves has been discontinued
and In its place Is taken a liquid that
contains the most powerful elements of
nourishment.
It is easy to make this test and prove
these statements by changing from coffee
to Pos turn Food Coffee. > ;•:¦¦
1 <^^^n|Lniu[|Hj|[iy
¦BlflJlIllflif ATT T* tT TT Ti
f^jj^Qj|I| SUBSTITUTES
Sc^&nl|| FOR LARD OR '
fK^^\£J I BUTTER FOR
¦^l^^^sl HAVE . FAILED !
li^^BPi I BECAUSE OF
GIVEN THE •
fK. » ,. fti'lll ' F O P, -D IN
jgSWfttMM^Ji i|'j \t7HTrM THFV
V^ " i «i Tlmiffl ARE USED.'
\ Iwtili Jt3 Lar li^O^ B^^ Vm M E*L WdBSSI /
ljjBFnriWl.ffn arlrj *^ " fTT> FiBrrrnl I
9 Can bo used over again and over again until th» . B
Am List drop hos done its appcttelni; work, tt, remains a
Mi ' sweet, puro and dean to tho last and does not ex- u
H chanRo tho flavor of tho various foods cookod In It. H
AA/. X. HESS. :
NOTARY PDBLI0 AND ATTORNET-AT-LAW. "
Tenth Floor, Room. 1015. Claus Spreckeis Bids.
.., •„ . , Telephone'Brown" 931. ".. -;, -
Residence; 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
AJTTJS KMKN TH.
BELASCO a»bTHAIES s&C$&
MATIXEB TO-DAT— 10c. 15c. 25a t
Regular Matinee Saturday and SundaT. ¦
TO-NIGHT AND Ali. THIS "WEEK. t
The Champion Feather- Weight,
TERRY McGOVERN
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
"THE BOWERY AFTiiR DARK.'*
A sensational "melodrama. Terry McGovera
appears as the Bowery Boy in every act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
in the I-ast Act -Between Terry Mc-
. Govern, and Danny Dougherty. .-•'-.
DDIfEC EVENING 8...... 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c, 50o
III IV C«> MATINEES 10c, 15c. 25o
Next Week— "SHADOWS OF A GREAT!
CITY." .
RACING I RACING! RACING I
' SPRING MEETING— Opening April 25.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday, and Saturday. ¦ Rain or snino,
. Five 1 or more races each day.
. Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. • •...<>
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. . Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no gmokln?. Euy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avecua
electric cars at Seventh and .Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via. Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 ami
4:43 P. m. and Immediately after the last rac».
THOMfcS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President-
R. B. MTXiROT. Secretary.
CHUTES AND_Z00 ¦2F££;«
...JOSEPHINE CASSMAN...
AND HER THREE PICKANINNIES.
FORREST ! SE ABURY,
HIGH DIVER. .
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATET^RS
And THE LADT BLACKSMITHS v
In a PRIZE STRIKING CONTEST. \
' • Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
»»PALACE HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco who maka
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. . Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequ*le<!
cuisine. American and European plans.
»GRAND HOTEL**
¥ . >J
tf^tSP J3>l»A»i m Big « to a non-pofsonota
-Ar^t^F^T^in rsme<lr • for Uonorrhoe-i.
M&W Qnarantud \J chargt , or any infliMBma-
K*a not a •trtrta.-t. a tion. 1 ritati> : n or uicera-
gfc eopunioa. tion I mucons mem«
&^\tkeE»»ms Chemt.iCo. *°*-* st " a *Z 1 '
'^§\i fc y expreHS, prepaid, fo*
•g'lRggN^wrfWfow! t 10o « or 3 bottle9 ' P- 73 -
Q _lz wlar ient on rwjao#t«Mayor Barstow will introduce President
McKinley, who will speak about five min
utes. The party will then jnove down
Twelfth street to Washington, up Wash
ington to Fourteenth street, to Broadway,
and down Broadway to the ferry ¦ slip,
where the President will board a govern
ment tug for San Francisco.
One of the features of the Oakland cele
'bYation will be the mile of^chool children,
each one armed with an American flag,
between whose- ranks the President will
drive.- The orders for formation of these
children are as follows: .
Nineteenth street from Webster to ' Jackson,
Jackson street from Nineteenth to • Thirteenth,
Thirteenth street from Jackson to Harrison.
The pupils of the various . schools will . as
semble at the places designated as follows:
Bay school, on the west side of Jackson, ¦ Just
below Thirteenth, will occupy not to exceed
150 feet; Peralta school on the west side of
Jackson street, about 150 feet from Thirteenth,
the school to occupy about 75 feet; Temescal
school on Ihe west side of Jackson street, next
to the ¦ Peralta, school, about opposite Four
teenth street produced, the school to occupy
about 125 feet of street; Piedmont next to Tem
escal school on the •west side of Jackson street,
3oO feet from Thirteenth, or about opposite Fif
teenth, this school will occupy about 100 feet;
Harrison school on the west side of Jackson
street, next to Piedmont school, about between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets produced, thU
echcol to occupy about 130 feet; Clawson. school
on Uve.TTcrt side of Jackson street,; next to the
Harrison echool and about north of Sixteenth
_ ¦ _ . - - ¦-. -' .¦S..-'. ¦-. .-*
President Will- Speak Briefly.
The start for Oakland will be made at
2 o'clock and will be down College avenue
to Broadway, along Broadway to Moss
avenue, along Moss avenue to Vernon
street and to the residence of United
States Senator George C. Perkins, where
a brief reception will be held, to last not
more than half an hour. It Is expected
that the party will arrive at Senator Per
kins' house at 2:45 and will. leave at 3:15.
From there the route Into Oakland will
be lined the greater part of the way with
school children. It will be down Vernon
street to Bay place, to Webster street, to
Durant street, to Jackson, to Thirteenth,
to Harrison, to Fourteenth, to Washing
ton, to Thirteenth, to Jefferson and down
Jefferson to the High .School, from the
rear of which the President will address
the citizens of Oakland. i :
Ide Wheeler, Governor Nash and the Ohio
party to the residence of J. \V. Richards
and another portion jof the party to the
home of Frank Wilson. •
Continued from Fourth Page.
Others In the parade were accorded gen
erous cheers as they passed. The Veter
an Guards escorting the four old comrades
of the President, with the colors of his
old regiment in their keepinsr, aroused
much enthusiasm. General Shatter, riding
at the head of the regulars and having
oare that* a generous space was .eft be
tween him and the last of the carriaces,
was cheered all along the line. .
Governor Gage was greeted with cheers
and Governor Nrfsh of Ohio, riding in the
carriage with Gage, was quite generally
recognized and generous applause given
•f '¦ -*
CALEFORHIA HONORS THE PRESIDENT
"The best of it all is." said a sr>ectator
opposite the reviewing stand, "he will be
ecrme one of these days no more than you
or I— a private citizen. This dav ought to
furnish the young men who have seen it
the greatest inspiration they have ovor
had."
Cheers for Others in Parade.
sidewalks were crowded to the point of
blockade, and fcg blew in upon crowds un
mindful of physical discomforts so long
as McKinley was in the line of vision.
But the long ride and the chill fog told
upon the President, and when half d the
parade had passed in review he re-entered
his carriage and was driven rapidly away
to the Scott residence, the cheers of thou
sands following him as he rode away.
The parade itself was In, marked con
trast to all others that have marched in
the President's honor since he became
California's guest. Elsewhere a wealth of
flowers delighted the eye, an.l every yro
cession was essentially a floral parade.
•San Francisco, aa befits the metropolis of
the coast, the gateway to the new Facinc
possessions and to Oriental trade, had
only military and naval bodies in line.
The President's carriage was unadorned.
The parade moved with a martial swing.
And yet there was nothing in Its sugses
tion i)f other things than republican sim
plicity. People scarcely saw the police
bodyguard, for the unassumlnp, smiling
countenance of the President held their
attention, ' and no one felt that ¦ barrieus
kept them back from the "heart-touch" of
which McKinley himself speaks oo fondly.
The Lafayette School.
street produced, this s:hool to occupy about 150
feet; Dv.rant school on the west side of Jack
son street will occupy the space between Nine
teenth street and the Clawson school.
I>afayette School, on the north side of Nine
teenth street, between Jackson and Harrison.
The Cole School, on the south side of' Nine
teenth street, between Jackscn atrl Har.-iscn.
The Lincoln School, on the east side of Jack
son street, south of Nineteenth, will occupy
Continued on Page Two.
dent pleasure this only could be gathered
—it was worth the trouble.
MULTITUDES 1HR0NG THE STREETS
School, on the south side of Nine
teenth street, between. Harrison and Web
fter ' .streets. ..nearest i Harrison. Grove
street School, on the . north side of
Nineteenth, street, between Harrison and
Webster, nearest 'Webster. Prescott School,
on the east side of Jackson street, next to the
Franklin School. Prescott School will occupy
200 feet. Central High School, on the east srida
of Jackson street, next to the Prescott School;
this school will occupy about 200 feet. High
School, on i the east side of Jackson street,
about 2oO feet. Garfield School. ' next to the
Lincoln. School, on the east side of Jackson
street, will occupy about 200 Test: Swett School,
nnxt to the GarfieUl School, on the east side of
Jackson street, about between Seventeenth and
Sixteenth streets produced, will occupy about
150 feet of space. Franklin School, n<?xt to the
Swett School, on the east side of Jackson
street, between Sixteenth and Fifteenth streets
produced, v/Ul occupy about 2o0 feet., Tomp
ltlns School, on the north side of Nineteenth
street, between Harrison and/ Webster. Grant
p,^^ HE water front made a splendid
¦ showing yesterday In honor of
8 President McKinley. Every vessel
y[ in portwas decked with flags, and
the mail, dock, transport, Oceanic
and Pacific Coast wharves and the Post
offlce building were, beautifully decorated
for the occasion. The ferry building made
no attempt at n display during the day,
but at night it presented a sight worth go
ing miles to see. From th£ top of the Hag
pole to the ground floor it was decorated
with electric lishts in a most artistic and
effective manner.
At the mail company's wharf the steam
ships Coptic and Newport made a fine
showing, while the bark Albert at Steuart
street was gay with bunting. At Fremont
street the South American steamship Gua
temala looked well, while the German^
steamship Denderah at Lombard was*
decked from rtem to stern. At Union>
street wharf the French bark Brenn and
the British ships Eurasia and Dowan Hill
had all their signal Hags set, while the
British bark Dovenby Hall at Harrison,
the Ladakhat Howard and the Lrverpool
in the stream were - pretty sights. The
American bark Kaiulanl at Steuart, the
barker.tine J. C. Pfiuger and the steam
ship Zealandia at Pacific street also
"dressed ship" and added greatly to the
general effect. Kvery foreign vessel was
decorated, and in fact some of them made
, After the parade the sailors and marines
were taken back to the warships and the
vessels were got ready for the grand
electrical display of the evening. When
the President reached the ferry building
the electric current was turned on and the
Iowa, Wisconsin and Philadelphia became
a mass of shining light. Along the side
of each was. the name: of the vessel, the
whole effect being very beautiful. . .
cutters and pinnaces and five launches to
bring them, ashore. The band from the
Iowa headed the procession as the. men
marched along Kolsom street to join the
parade at the railroad depot. Fourth and
Townsend streets. With the departure of
the sailors and marines the water front
became deserted as everybody went up
town to Join in the welcome to the Presi
dent.
About 1 p. m. the men from the war
s,hips in the bay and the Goat Island
training station began to land at the foot
of Kolsom street. In all. about. SCO men
gathered there, -and it took twenty-five
' During the morning ' the government
steamer General McDowell made a short
excursion around the bay with some of
the visitors. Genera: Shatter was the
host and the guests of honor were Gov
ernor. Nash of Ohio, Governor Geer of Or
egon and Governor Gage of California. A
start was marie at 10 a. m. and the army
posts and many points of interest on the
bay were visited. The party returned to
Ciay street wharf about noon and was
driven up town In carriages.
much better displays than did the Ameri
can vessels.
LANDING OF BLUEJACKETS AND MARINES FROM WARSHIPS IN THE BAY.
employed by the Seattle Bridge Company,
at. La Conner, "Wash., reprimanded his 15
vear-old boy for some trivial offense.
This wounded the boy's feelings so deeply
that he stole 'out of the room, obtained a
gun and shot himself in the head.
Hearing the report, the father hastened
to the scene, and, seeing his son writhing
in the agonies of death, he picked up tha
weapon and blew out his own brains.
Two Suicides the Outcome of a Repri
mand for a Trivial
Offense. .
EVERETT. Wash., May 14.— John Fay,
SAME GXTN" EOTDS LIFE
OF FATHER AND SON
Celestial Maverick Viewed for tha
First Time From tHe North
ern Hemisphere.
LICK' OBSERVATORY, May 14.— Tha
comet discovered at Queenstown, Aus
tralia, on April 24, was seen here to-nisht.
In the strong twilight no tall could be
seen — only the head of the comet- Its
position, observed by Mr. Altken at 8
p. m., was: Right ascension, 5 hours and,
33 minutes: declination. 3 degrees and 37
minutes north. ¦>*_ '-' • '
This is the first time the comet has been
seen at any observatory in the Northern
Hemisphere. The comet 13 much fainter
than when discovered and will not be vis
ible here ,wlthout a telescope.
ASTR0N0MERS AT LICK > :
SEE THE NEW COMET
It v.as some time before the crowd
learned of his departure, and even then it
was; useless to do anything but to keep
a footing and drift with the tide. For
hours after the President had left they
.shuffled and then as the guard relaxed
and the crowd thinned, the people climbed
on the platform and dropped into his seat
and were happy. If they had not seen nor
heard. the President they had at least sat
in his chair, and by their smiles and evi-
McKinley watched the seething, writh
ing mass of people for a few minutes and
then he wisely concluded that the best
way to prevent trouble was to leave the
stand, and this he did not forty minutes
after he had entered it. ¦
: It was a wild scene when the President
raised his hands for silence that he misnt
speak. Far down the "hair seemed paved
with faces, flushed faces and eager ones,
with eyes burning bright in the excite
ment of the crush and lips apart in the In
tensity of the moment. The glow of the
light blending in their many colors threw
an uncertain shimmer over the scene and
hid the distance of the hall in a confused
mass of color and crowds. Tv.-Ice he start
ed and twice he .stopped t>efore the wav
ing of the. flags ceased and the crowd set
tled to listen, and then as he started again
those behind, being just out of hearing,
crushed nearer and nearer until *he warn
ing- shouts began again and the Presi
dent's words were drowned in the turmoil.
Phelan tried to stop the noise, but it was
useless and McKinley's words -ell only
upon the ears of those whom he could al
most touch. He said:
Mr. Mayor and Fellow-citizens: I wish I
might command fitting- words of response to
the gracious and beautiful welcome extended
to me in behalf of all the people of San Fran
cisco by your eloquent and distinguished chief
magistrate. It is true, as was well said, we
needed no formal or official welcome after the
demcnstratlons to-day, and repeated again to
night as we drove to this assembly hall. I
can only in a single word express the very
treat satisfaction it is to us to feel that you.
irrespective of creed or politics or nationality
or race, give greeting to the President of the
United States. (Applause.) We heard to-day
no note but that of national joy; no song but
that of patriotism: no music but for the union
of the States. We locked upon the faces of
hope and coitentmenl, and I assure you this
splendid manifestation of the feeling of the
people wljl give me encouragement for the
great responsibilities which have been com
mltttd for a time to my care. (Applause.)
Nothing has pleased me more In all this de
monstration than the greeting which 1 re
ceived from the workingmen of this city, from
their hhops and vour streets to-day. I wa.s
Elad to be welcomed by them, by the Grand
•Army of the Republic, by my old comrades of
the Twenty-third Ohio and by all the people,
who now have- but one flag, one hope, one
faith, one destiny. (Great and long-coiitinuet^J
applause.)
Crowd Congested.
As soon as the President ceased speak
ing the crowd around the stand was
started down the other side and up again
to the outlet. It had become so
congested, however, that it was a matter
of extreme difficulty;. women were begin
ning to faint on every side. Nearly twen
ty were pulled out of the crush by the
men In the press stand, who reached over
the raii and drew them ur> out of the
crowd. The ambulance corps of the regi
ments on guard was kept busy, and more
than a dozen women were hurried out
into open air by the hospital men, helped
by corporals' guard?.
A Wild Scene.'
San Francisco In the gentler pursuits of
life has keptpace with the social, educa
tional and material development of the
country. From the summit of Mount
Tamalpais, almost 3000 feet ' above ; the
sea, you will be Invited to survey our city.
bay and tributary country; our great
park, extending to the shores' of the
ocean shall bid you thither; our tables
bearing the fullness of the- land, will
yield you refreshment; our schools and
universities shall exhibit to you the pro
gress of learning, and monuments In hon
or of labor and m commemoration- of val
or await your dedication.
And now to the object of your visit, Mr.
President, the city which constructed the
Oiympla and the Oregon claims the priv
ilege, which you have graciously granted,
of giving to the sea a battleship which
shall bear the name of your own State—
the Illustrious commonwealth of Ohio, and,
•it is out sincere wish and expectation that
her achievements shall be. worthy of the
exploits of her sister ships, as well as the
unusual and auspicious ceremony of her
christening.
We trust that these many evidences of
the growth and power of this American
city, the creation of the pioneers and the
pride of their descendants, representing a
span of little more than fifty years, shall
be pleasing in your eyes. What we have
and what we are is'at the command of our
common country— a part of Its possessions,
a fragment, perhaps, of its glory. In this
spirit, Mr. President, you are welcome to
It all: and in a more personal sense, I ask
vou for yourself and Mrs McKinley and
the members of your party to now accept
the hospitality of the hearts and homes
of the people of San Francisco.
At 9:25 the cries of "Here he comes!"
gave way to resounding cheers for Presi
dent McKinley. A long line of carriages
passed through the lane formed by the
troops, and as the Chief Executive of the
nation passed through the soldiers pre
sented arms and the cheering grew deaf
ening. , President McKinley passed up
stairs, followed by his body guard and
invited sruests. When the latter had as
cended the police were practically com
pelled to let down the bars, and men,
women and children surged forward in a
mass and fought their way upstairs. It
was impossible to stop the onward rush.
All the policemen could do was to pre
vent overcrowding, and even in this they
were unsuccessful. Time and again the
crowd became so congested that a halt
was necessary. Those in back were un
mindful of the delay and they surged
forward. Women fainted by the score and
had to be pulled out of the crowd and
cared for. Dresses were torn, hats crush
ed, veils lost, glove* dropped and wear
lnr apparel disarranged in the mad rush
to gt>t a closer view of the President. . .
Dr. Rethers, Dr. Hansen and Sergeants
Bertand, Schwsb, Cottingham and Langer
were constantly busy caring for thofe
who had fainted. Hysterical women were
carried to room 14 and within a short
time it took on the appearance of a hospi
tal. Other rooms were pressed into ser
vice, and the physicians and their assist
ants did excellent work.
Fortunately there were no serious acci
dents. There •was every danger of one.
but the committee on arrangements so ar
ranged the interior of the nave that the
surging mas? of people entered through
one passage and went out through an
other.
G. W. Magwood, residing at 139 Taylor
The President Arrives.
Major Bush commanded four batteries
of the new First Artillery, N. G., and the
work of his men deserves commendation.
The first troop of cavalry in command
of Cautain Charles Jensen was also
early on the scene and did effective -work.
An Immense crowd congregated in front
of the ticket offices of the Oakland ferry
and pressed forward in the hope of caus
ing a stampede, so that ail those close to
the stairway could rush upstairs. Their
effort was foiled by Lieutenant John Mar
tin, who sent a dozen husky policemen in
their midst, and by a judicious use of
their clubs quelled the small-sized college
rush. However, before the officers could
get around to those in the back a number
of women fainted and had to be carried
out and restored to consciousness. The
crush was so great during the night that
more than thirty persons succumbed and
had to receive medical care.
Captain Wittman saw that sterner
remedies were necessary . and he called
upon the military. The soldier boys took
to their work with a will. They prodded
the people with the -butts of their guns
and forced them back by sheer weight of
numbers. Entire companies were neces
sary to carry out the orders, but the
heroic work was effective.
At first the crowd formed a semicircle
in front of the depot. A passage being
necessary for the oncoming ¦ hacks a
number of cable cars were sent through.
Cavalry was dispatched to the scene, and
by clever horsemanship and a show » of
mild force the immense throng was forced
to take different sides of the street.
Calls Upon the. Military.
During the long wait for the President
the police and ¦ tiddlers were kept busy.
As early as 6:30 p. m. .the crowds begin
to gather. Wire ropes were stretched in
every direction and the early arrivals took
up places of vantage. For the next three
hours the people simply surged into East
6treet. Every car to the ferry and every
boat brought its countless numbers and
within a short time the street was black
with people. The cars were stopped
about 7:45 and an effort was made to
press the people back on either side of the
street, but without avail. The sidewalks
and streets were jammed and those in
the back ranks, unmindful of the shouts
and appeals from those who were being
pressed against the ropes, swayed for
ward. The police strove hard, and in
their effort to control the mob they lost
their hats, stars and tempers.
President McKlnley and escort dfo not
arrive at the ferry depot until 9:25 p. m.
His late arrival created no end of
trouble for the Police Department. It
was powerless to handle the immense
crowd that congested the streets leading
to the depot and the officers had to call
upon the cavalry and militia to aid, them
in keeping the people In check. -Wire ropes
had little effect in hold^the people back.
They were there to see the President and
they crushed, jostled and pushed each
other until the scene became almost in
describable. Captain ¦ymtman had a
large sauad of officers on hand, as did
also Captain Dunleavy. but their united
forces were a mere bagatelle and but for
the presence of the military ' the nave
would have been overrun before the dis
tinguished guest arrived.
Tremendous Crash -Causes
a Lot of Trouble for
the Police,
WOMEN FAINTED
v AT THE FERRY
Continued Trom Second Page.
street, was treated at the harbor hos
pital last night for a severe laceration oi
the scalp.; The wound was Inflicted by a
cavalry sergeant, who, while attempting
to keep back a crowd from the ierrj
building:, used his sword too freely.
A rocket sent up from the fireworks
wagon last nigrht failed to explode and In
failing struck Miss Annie Pearson of East
Oakland on the head. She was taken to
the harbor hospital and treated for a
laceration of the scalp.
McKlNLEY SPEAKS AT FERRY DEPOT
Kdson F. Adams. F. TV. Henshaw. a F.
Gordon. John A. Britton, P. E. Bowles A. S.
Macdonald. Charles R. Tates R. M. Briare.
E B. Jerome. Charles R. Ott. T. I* Williams.
W. H. Chickering. W. G. Henshaw. J. W.
Phillips. C. D. Bates. M. J. Keller. Georp C.
Pardee. Alexander Toun?. T. "£ - Dargle.
George W. Fisher. Senator Geonre C. Perking
G. K. Lukens. F. A. Leavltt. George K
Reed. J. VT. McClymonds, F. Sinclair. Robert
Watt. Charles N. Fox. H. P. Dalton. H. P.
Carleton. John Charjes Adams, S. T °?,^°»
John I* Howard. John D. Isaacs. C."V\. Kel-
Icgg. Charles H. Redlngton, Sam Bell McKee.
A. A. Moore. F. S. Stratton. W. T.
William Veitch. R. M. Fitzgerald. W, V. .
Foote, Sol Kahn. A. C. Henry, George W . Mff-
Near. H. C. Taft. W. R. Thomas. G. B.
Daniels. R. G. Brown. Anson Barstow. Z. ?J.
Goldsby, Cary Howard, R. H. Klttredge, J. U.
Requa. E. C. Williams. E. P. Taylor. F. M.
Smith. Vf. E. Darsie, Charles S- Booth. TV. K.
Davis. M. D. Hyde, James A. Johnson. F. A.
Leach. S. P. Hall.- F. B. Osden. A. B. Nye.
J. B. Richardson. A. Schilling. George E. 09
Golia. F. AV. Bilger. W. F. Kelly. Oile« H.
Gray. John P. Irish. W. I*' Landers. Warren
Olney. H. M. A. Miller. Vlrtor" H.- Metcalf.
Edwin - A. Sherman. L. L. ! Bromwell. D. E.
Collins. S. C. Hodgkins, Edwin Goodair. Rev.
J. K. McLean. R. H. Chamberlain. "W". A.
Boole. Jr.. Theo Gier. E. W. Marston, Rev.
Thomas McSwe-ney. John !•. Bromley, W. W.
Garthwalte, William E. Greene. I>. F. Mc-
W r ade. Rev. E. E. Baker. Edwin G. Brtncker
hoff John It- Glasoock. Arthur Brown. Charl<?»
M. Cook, A. H. Breed. C. D. Pierce. M. C.
Chapman. J. L. Davie, Rev. J. B, McNally,
C. H. Brosnahan. R.' W. Turner, Louis
Schaffer. J. Kelley. Joseph R. Knowland. R
K Taylor John A. Bliss. J. ¦ G. Mattos Jr..
D Ha«kell. K. C Clif t and F. M. | Campbell.
The following named citizens compos*
the Oakland reception committee:
north of Thirteenth, occupying: about 100 feet,
and acrcas Jackson street to Alice, on south
side of Thirteenth. . ,
Principals will be at the places designated
about one hour before the time set for tha
reception of the President. There wiU be suf
ndent room fcr all teachera and for tna
parents of all the younger children to witness
the reception of the school children. The com
mittee Of arrangements desire It announced in
the schools that there la to be no throwing of
flowers. Flags will be given to the princi
pals of the grammar and primary schools for
distribution among the children. School chil
dren will convene at the "places above Indi
cated and be in order for the reception of the
President at 3:15 p. m. The President will be
at Nineteenth and Webster streets at 3:25 p. rn.
sharp. PrinciDals will be at the places indi
cated above not later than 2:30 p. m. In order
to, receive the flags. K^ ct^ c^ TMOXI)g .
Oakland Beception Committee.
BLUEJACKETS AND MARINES WIN WARM PLAUDITS
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALIi, WEDNESDAY; MAY 15, 1901.
Eight Hundred Men From the Iowa, Wisconsin and Philadelphia Landed at
the^ Foot of Folsom Street in the^ Ships' Gutters, Pinnaces and Launches in
Less^Than Thirty Minutes— Shipping Gay ly Decked in President's Honor
10
II ; e \ Many thousands of people arc so situated that 1
1 NP Jrv *-— - Ii they cannot take the proper exercise at the proper i
|p - M^^^m fe^ J &*Skw tinie* Their food doesn't digest; they become thin |
jl ttflffi and scrawny and chronic dyspepsia makes half in- |
ii va^ s °^ t h ern » F° r such men and women pf
I -iSmi^mL - fl "^^ft^ is'better than dumb bells, Indian dubs/ I ,
M W/ J^lll^ ¦ t '~ vP^^^% mechanical exercisers or any of the com- B
1 m ° n means at han^' * or m us--|
ill^^^^ " yTu ~'~*^ ffl[ \ \ Wha * ThSn Poop3e R2eod to Roiind 1
M \ Wb^%6t. 1^ fSmWi <^^' T ° b6 B y mmetrical and Properly proportioned ever y 11
111 &• -^Ifj^fil^l^TMT^^-^fttS^^B^'vSl person should have a certain amount of excess flesh, but to be plump does not fgj
H hi I J«jr^^n3e^W- -^1 ¦¦ necessarily mean to be fat. J%:-*. . g§
11 S'^-^MIBW'-' + ; HS^*'3VJ SI \ 1 -Uira^ill^i Fat is. undesirable; it clogs and retards the action of the muscles inter- W*
U K-WI^PKS '•$¦ £H$fP$ Ti if" TTfl IqPl feres with the nealth y action of the heart and lun ? 3 a °d when very excessive %
M h*$tMlffl!fim I Hl-f 5 4$8& : $¦ » \ \ \ * ? Wi %$tfk Predisposes too fatty degeneration of vital organs, to say nothing of the discom- M
Hm fc'$Aw40im$M'i- |T -liW^-M^ \ \ JW^^l fort resulting from too much adipose tissue. . &
H wi? t r I i t 'ft^f^ » l - \ i -1 fe^ll*! Common sense vrould suggest that if one wishes to become fleshy and plump S$
H V^»fe^i'--"^r* l^M'i'Ml 'i \ % \ KffeSi thethirj g mo . st needed would be flesh-fortoing food, that is, albuminous foods M
|U i :^ ; $fl!lp f t *•¦?•' S^Mfe$§ h * '&$|:jfeJ|j§S The kinds of tood wbich make flesh are the foods we have on our tables 8
iffi l'^r*|4%iff § f -j .* |x^;?y-V?l P- '%, ' Jrl. .tSlpUff'M] , every day; but the trouble is that our stomachs, from weakness or derangement El
H til '$f •? m : 'H -*• II 1 9^iin\* ? ji' "1 li^f Irl v- of some kind do noipromptly and properly digest it. * fc|j
II '^ f' ? i v *S ft '$ i'T'il ; 3 &l§f ¦1-'%*1 I ' -I I IlSrWl ¦ — Keally, the principal reason so many people remain thin is because their H
HI ¦ Si 3 J ' '" w '$. % '$M • %%*'$ -iW % '& & J ip%iff J Btomachsi do not properly jind completely digest and assimilate the flesh forming fM
H 'itsrf ll;Sfe| ¦ There are thousands of such people, and they are really dyspeptics althonjrb H
III "-. 6Vl' ; M : I'k" '' l-%i*^Wl ¦?.'!:£ Ipv:£v:l they may not suffer any particular pain or inconvenience from their stomachs i^
II 1 "ff l' ; I t 'S^IWf I § 1 1*!:! IWPi ¦"¦' I If such P ersons and a11 thin Peopte, take after their meals some 0
H ! Mi f i ffililf • 1 ".V? '•' |8 W&&M simple and natural digestive, like Stuart's Dyspepsia, Tablets the food would be H
iS \$l+:'ie ' M&%$ir \ '"^i^ W^M^-n-' 1 uickl y digested and the proper degree of plumpness very goon result because IP
gw . , \W. ¦']?•" .. PMM-Jlff 'I It! J 'il i rMl^f these tablets are prepared exactly for that purpose. They digest every varietv of
|8 [¦¦¦•ii"'^ iilftlllli 1*^1.^1 ifii^l \':' fl «M 0 ™^^ 'W*' 18 .^ 1811^"'^-^ so ijiiickly bnild up §
H '"¦ W.-I 1 M^^i pfifl lMf'1 Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets euro every form of indigestion on this common H
m W"\ i BI'Mf '¦:". 'P&^.' •{ llfil 8ense plan? that they thorou g hl y di S est the f °o d promptly, giving strength to everv W
la »l"l^^^^%- li^i^^^^v " nerveand or g an in the body, and the weakened stomach a,-chance to rest a d &¦
fM \' 'ffl.WM&M. ' WMM WS& recoverits natural vigor. Nothing further is required to cure any stomach trouble P
H • / ¦ i'pf'iS'iS lillf^S ' exce P tcancerofthe5tornach - Thev m ake thin, dyspeptic people strong, plump p
1 * 1™!! P'B S^r^s^^^ir f * ¦*•"•?' * •» 1
i^flPX ' le man w * 10 or ders liis
' Wwnm made-to-measure clothes from
us is saving money. Ha is
paying a fair price for gooJ
,"3T I 'materla 1 , gocd workmanship,
V\^T/j^ V together with a fair profit to
/<^^F^rP^m. which we are entitled, That's
/i! ' il?&r^il!fl\ a11 he does pay for » - t0 °-
/ Mil [I j!j jjl 111 I \ There -are no" fancy prices
• In ''<! I' II ' I'll * iere — we don't' charge for
'¦'fit ¦'' ' i'TM'tn I 'I {'ill ffljji . n 3me.
fill '• \ I I' I ; 'I IV We mike cIothss in a11
lUiiil I ! If S l! I 111' styles from all kinds of suit-
illlt! j! ! f! i if 1|I| able materials; the pri;es
\ TO S 1 fl i \ J I ! i ill ; ran 2- from £ I0 -°° t0 * 3O.oo.
XmW W tnP ' lit II • Come in, look over .our
r^ 'til Im W cloths ' — take . home 'some
iiiif.il' !l I ii! / samples, cofnpare. them —
I'll 1(1 lip ! M f|H jf select your favorite — then
"¦¦ 11 i Ii ill;- p iace -y° urorder ''
?**sl I l \\ iMlfb' ou run no ~ r '"k — your-
w^h^S E®Sb? money back if you are not
¦'I | |I} j Suts for ouf-of-town cusiom-
1 1 I l| ers satisfactorily made through
ii 1 II our self- measuring system—
J$J| SMWOQPfrfp
718 Market St. and
Wj4 Cor. Powell and Eddy.SAN BERNARDINO, May 14.— The
San. Bernardino street fair and
merchants' carnival, In conjunction
with the Twenty-eighth District
\ Agricultural Fair, opened at S
o'clock to-night with the crowning of
Queen Mary. Mayor Hanford presented
her. Majesty with the golden key of free
dom, and the city of. San Bernardino was
. given over to merry-making. After* the
; l coronation a cake walk, in which twelve
little girls participated, was given on the
" throne. This was followed by a corona
, tion ball at the City Park Pavilion.
Never before, has the city .looked-so
beautiful. Thousands .. of . Incandescent
• > lights * are strung across-, the principal
'streets, colored alternately in red, yellow
and white, the carnival colors. The; entire
business district is artistically illumiriat
' ed. -Already more I than fifty booths have
been erected. Many of' novel 'and 'un-
rhe news of his hurried visit yesterday
and the hasty departure to the bedside of
his sick wife had not reached them and
they had come to pay homage to the head
of the republic! The parade had been
pet for 9 o'clock so that President McKln
ley could review it and the ne^s he
SAN JOSE. May 14.— Flora's tribute
to the nation's chief to-day was
an elaborate one. Although the
President could not be here to see
it, the acres and acres of blooms
grown for his greeting were brought for
vard • and used in welcoming the thou
pjnds of visitors* who flocked to San Jose.
IVbUe some of the enthusiasm pent up
:Mid awaiting the' appearance of President
McKlnley was lacking, the carnival of
roees was not the less grand.
Many country people had delayed their
visit here to see the President until this
morning and these -were disappointed.
San Jose Presents in a Surpassing Pageant Nature's^ Wondrous Beauty as It Is
Portrayed in the Flora of the Golden State, and With the Crowning of Queen
Mary San Bernardino Is Given Over to the Jolly Throngs of Street- Fair Visitors
TWO CALIFORNIA CITIES FORGET ALL ELSE
IN THE PLEASURES OF THE CARNIVAL SEASON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1901;
would not be here came so late that it
was not advisable to change the hour. At
7 o'clock the country people began to ap
pear on the streets and when the great
floral parade began its line of march fully
15,00i) visitors were in the city. ,
Photographs for the President.
The Cabinet officers felt they could not
wait to see the offering of the people and
at 9 o'clock left for Palo Alto. However,
I a couple of the prettiest floats were taken
j to the depot for/ them to see and the
guests expressed surprise at their beauty
and grandeur. The floats, arches and all
] decorations will be photographed and the
i photographs presented to President Mc
1 Klnley in a handsome album.
J The carnival now in progress is the
•I greatest, floral display ever witnessed in
j Central California, even surpassing the
great rose carnival held bere six yeard
ago. Never before have flowers been so
plentiful and so tastily and profusely ar
rayed. St. James Park, with' Its eight
floral arches and the mammoth Presi
dent's bouquet, presents a magnificent
Bight. In it the beauty of the surrounding
country Is centered, for each section con
tributed an arch, and each tried- to outdo
the ethers. The same rivalry existed ln
the districts and schools furnishing floats
1 and when their work of weaving nature's
beautiful gifts Into artistic designs was
displayed this morning It was hard to de
cide which was the' prettiest.
When the parade started the streets
were crowded. Chief of Police Kidward,
with Chief Hodgkins of Oakland, drove at
the head with a double team attached to
a prettily decorated rig. A squad of police
followed. Then came Grand Marshal
Cash and his aids. The Flfjih Regiment
Band headed Company B. National Guard
of California. Mayor Martin, Director
General Greenlnger and others followed in
carriages.
The San Jose High School presented
"Progress of Knowledge." It represented
the parts played by the different nations
and peoples in their progress in educa
tion. There were three platforms. On the
first were the Arab, Moor, Greek, Egypt
ian and Persian In costume ; above were
Art. Music, Science'and Liteurature, and .
above these Liberty.
"Music" was the theme chosen by the
Horace Mann School. On a mound »of
rrses ln the center of the float stood Ian
immense lyre made of red roses, while
the body of the float was a mass of ftow
ers. Each of the four corners had a pillar,
surmounted by small lyres. , A floral mu
sical staff, with clef, notes and bars, sur
rounded the . base of the float. General
Jacqueminot roses were' used principally
in the floral decorations. Maud McKay,
Gretchen Kepple, Lorma. Donnelly and
Lydia Custner, pupils, were attired in
crimson Grecian robes and carried floral
musical instruments. Henri Hill and Ru
dolph Kocher, attired in crimson togas,
were bugler and herald. -"• "*.
Two floral bunnies drawing- a chariot ln
the shape of a broken egg shell were the
tribute East San Jose had prepared. £.11
was done in marigolds, and it was one of
the prettiest in line. On the float were:
Queen, Alba Milroy: fairies — Violet Smith,
Georgia Lauders. Louisa Wilson, Ethel
Haub, Marie Avilla, Celia Haub; pages-
Georgia Fowler and Willie Bradley. The
name of the float was "A Midsprlng
Fancy."
Saratoga represented a section of sem
pervirens in the hills. There were trees
and woodsmen, who, in the act of falling
a / tree, were stayed by a citizen. Six
school children tossed "Saratoga chips"
as souvenirs to the crowds.
"Wisdom Enthroned" was the float of
the State Normal School. It was a char
lot of white La Marque roses on a base
Of pal© acacia. The color scheme through
out was white and pale yellow and the
costuming to Greek ideals. Miss Eleanor
Sampson was the Goddess of Liberty anu.
Misses Minnie -Miles and Lillian Briggs
her maids of honor. Miss Margaret Sum
mers < represented Art lighting the lamp
of wisdom. Miss Cora Kipley was tho
charioteer. Four young men in Greek cos
tumes acted a« an escort. ._
Hester district presented "Copa de-Oro."
It represented • an immense poppy. Nu
merous school children represented fairies
and flowers. . •¦¦__ - ' ¦.¦
Natives Dispense Melody.
A scene representing early pioneer daya
was depicted by Palo Alto Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West. It was a camp
A novel float- and" one representing a
great Industry of Santa Clara County was
the one made by the Almaden Mines. It ;
was termed "Cinnabar." TJtxe front w.as:
a realistic reproduction of a mountain into
whose sides miners were drilling, globules,
of quicksilver shining' in the mass. On
each side was the \ mouth of a' tunnel,
which showed a' car and a miner leaning'
over it. About the float red-shlrted rrtiners<
stood with picks. .The top of the mountain 1
was covered with moss and roses. ,•'
The Foresters of America and Compan-:
ions of the Forest'were represented by a
forestry scene. Miss- Josie Burnes was;
Goddess of Liberty and about her stood a
number of huntsmen. . , • . . »
Franklin School ¦ District-was represent
ed by a revolving Ferris wheel.. »v
Miners in the Procession.
the parade. The base was of white and!
gold silk. In the front was an immense ¦
harp and ., t e back represented a lyre.s
These were done in red roses and rested
on bases of white La Marque roses.
"A Messenger of Peace" represented the
Oak Grove -School District. Fleecy clouds ;
formed the groundwork. Under the rays^
of a guldlntf star was an angel bearing the-
American, flag. On the four corners were
doves bearing olive branches.
"The Temple of Vesta" was the subject
presented by the University of the Pa-,
cine. The "priestesses of Vesta in white ;
gowns were so grouped as to reproduce;
three , famous paintings — "School of the;
Vestal Virgins," "The Vestal Tuccla" and'
the "Vestal Virgin." On the float were.
Margaret^ Lewis, Helen Harrison. Geneva;
Watson. Edith ..IcChesney, Elizabeth,
Green, Lillian Nichols, Edith Tiffin, Eva'
Thomas^Gertrude Allen and Lenora Cum
mins. - • _. . -,
e Lincoln Grammar School had. an appro-,
priate float in "Emancipation." It repre-!
sented President Lincoln freeing the'
negro. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ -;' • ¦ '•
A floral boat after the. design'of an an-,
cient galley with a swan's head at the'
prow was the design of the Lowell School
float/Beneath a canopy of red roses sup-,
ported by rose-entwined standards were,
seated M*ay Miller and Ada Oneito, while
Harold Bray ton and Robert Hanks were,
garbed as boatmen. , .. ,
A horn of plenty was the offering of the
Gardner School District..' Miss Jennie •
Grimley in a robe of poppy colored silk
represented California. Hattie Goodwin
and Ruth Hight. two small girls, were
dressed as fairies. .¦ .y '.';*-
The youngest of the school children of
San Jose, the . kindergarteners, had the
smallest and one of the handsomest floats.
It" was decorated entirely in sweetpeas,
and they had planted, tended and plucked
.the blossoms themselves. . On a chariot
shaped wagon, bedded in white flowers,
were the symbols of ¦ the kindergarten —
the cube in deep pink, the cylinder in a
lighter shade and the sphere in white.
From the top floated a banner with the
motto, "Come, let U3 play with the chil
dren."* Two little negro boys not over
five years old, dressed in pink and white
silk page costumes, acted as* footmen.
The float was drawn by four white horses
abreast with harnesses of pink.
The California Ladies' Band, in white
uniforms with gold., .braid, occupied a
handsome float and discoursed music in
Float of the Little Tots.
The "Fairyland" presented by the Grant
School was a- beautiful affair. It repre
sented a group of large yellow marguer
ites made of yellow, marigolds, with en
twined stems, resting on soft rolling
banks of moss. The- flowers were large,
each supporting a tiny elf carefully
poised and appropriately dressed. Tinsel
and gossamer threads over the whole
formed an enchanting fairyland retreat.
The fairies were Eva Foley, Gertie Hayes,
Lorine Knowels and "Mary Casley. . ' -
in the midst of redwoods. Native Sons
and Daughters favored the throngs with
songs along the line of march. . ¦
The most gorgeous i float was "The
Barge of State" of the Longfellow School.
It was 30x12 feet in size and possessed the
graceful lines of the ideal boat. On the
prow, made In gold, floated the American
eagle. It was patriotism personified.
White and gold blended in beautiful pro
fusion and fragrance in, the decorations.
Callas and white roses were mingled with
the rich yellow of the marigold ln the pro
fusion of flowers that covered every avail
able space. From the center of the barge
arose a gold encrusted dome, supported
by four columns, rose-entwined. Upon
this eminence was "Enthroned Woman
hood" as the principal character of- the
representations. Other female persona
tions were "Sunshine," an embodiment of
the beauty of our glorious clime.. "Pomo
na," "Ceres," "Flora" and "California."
Eight little sailor boys manned the boat.
At the side of the float as attendants were
many other boys. All of the personations
and attendants were clothed in white and
decorated with regal trappings of gold.
'ixiDIES^ANlTGENTLEMEN OF SAKh BERN ARD1NO WHO HAVE ASSISTANCE IN : THE PREPARATIONS
! >FOR THE. STREET CARNIVAL, AND DISTRICT FAIR THAT HAVE OPENED SO AUSPICIOUSLY IN THE
" SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA CITY OF ORANGE GROVES AND FLOWERS.
"The Old Oaken Bucket" was the con
tribution of the Washington Grammar
School. „ ¦ , ...
I A huge poppy -was Santa Claras dis
play. This was constructed of poppies and
marigolds and in the middle was little
Miss Steinhart. . ¦ ¦ i-> :
Meridian District presented a typical
negro, family In a red float.
The St. Joseph Cadets of Santa Clara,
made up of uniformed small boys, made a
fine aupearance.
After the parade the floats were placed
around the City Hall Park and: proved an
attraction. . , '. .
There •_ were ' numerous decorated- car
•riages, bicycles and automobiles in line. "
'-. This afternoon there was a . band con
cert in St. James Park and bicycle. and
automobile races at Cyclers' Track.
' Many of the bicycles and automobiles on
tho streets to-night were gayly illuminated.
The parade, which was set for this even-
Ing, did not materialize, but wheelmen
and autos were, out in force. On the
Alameda the machines were speeded. and
many a pretty race was had. The wheel
men had a ball at Turn ,Verein Hall.
Cyclists from all over the State, who
came here to attend to-day's races, were
present. * ! .---;^
usually attractive designs, different from
those ordinarily seen at street fairs. The
Midway is filled with new and interesting
features, and it is one of the principal
places of interest. ' ,
The carnival will continue five days,
during which time mirth and hilarity will
be the order. ¦ • . •.
11
¦:{.:> OCEAN TBA7EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•ey Steamers leave Broadway
. W. . Wharf, San Francisco:
SoiSt. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
*Iay 1. 6 - ai . 16 > 21 - -*• 31>
1 fss*L*5tf^ June 5 - Change to company's
' ISC rSiirt« steamers at Seattle. • •
C^jE^ \!*1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦ FESS«ir!*'^- : >^ C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
| r**3&^]&h Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtca
p«iggaR an< i New Whatcom (Wash,)—
11 a. m.. May 1, 6, 11. 16. *1.
26 31' June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company s steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
i coma to N. P. Ry. I at \ ancouver to C P. Ky.
[ ' For Eureka and Humboldt Bay-l:30 p. m
May 3 8. 13. »1S, 23, 28, June 2 (*4 p. m.), anl
every fifth day thereafter. . „
For San.Dlsgo. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.,
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. _
¦ For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. p . ort Harford
(San - Luis Obisno), Gavlota. Santa Barbar^
Ventura. Huenerne, San Pedro East San Pe-
dro. -Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays,
For Er.senada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlair. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
\ For further information ' obtain company's
The "company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without preview notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). '
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R* & N. CO.
Only St»«.m»liil» Xjino to j
PORTLAND, Or., -
And Short Rail L'-e from Portland to al!
points East: Through tickets to all
points. *V -ni' r»iJ Bte-tis'i'n rail, at
8TEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails May 23, June 2, 12. 22
ss! geo. gESffiS^psjfegg n
DAV.iklTCHCOCK. Gen.Agt., 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
NOBTDERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR— — '] "
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yakoa Rirer.
• • galling Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. ¦¦ From SeatUo. 1
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND .....
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL" June 8
Ma y23 *S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
- •••CONEMAUGH" carries* freight and live
stock. No passengers.
. For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
S10 Sansome st.. San Francisco. .•
CI£CG2ii£5.5X". ZEALAND »D SYDNEY,
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) .
..,..-. ¦..-;.-...:. Saturday. May 18. 10 a. m.
SS MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
. New Zealandand Australia.. —
-. Thursday. May 30. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti :......... •
- ....¦..• ....Sunday, June 30, at 4 p. m.
I D.SPREGXELS k BROS. CO., Bsneral Agents, 327 Market St
fiffl'l Passenger OffiM, 643 Market St., Pier Ka. 7. Pacific St
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *^ w
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of /?*|V*?R»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •=^*i*i**«»
North River, foot ot Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR -UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York: J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific. Coast Agents. .5 Mont-
romery- avenue, San Francisco." Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ADVEKTISEM^NTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.'
A Free Trial Paekasre Sent by Mail
* to All Who Write.
• Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
¦will write the State • Medical . Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sulf ering, of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and' all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. ', .?*•, -¦¦¦
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
ancl development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
'all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. ¦• 328 Elektron building, Fort
¦"Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
•wbo are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
¦to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper
•are "employed. The Institute makes no,
restrictions. Any man who writes' will be
sent a free sample, carefully -sealed in a
plain package,. so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-'
licity. Readers are requested to write
.without delav. ..
. OCEAN T3AVEI#.
AMERICAN LINE. .
SHEW YOHBL SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIB.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
1 From New. York Every Wednesday, 10 a,'m.
St. Paul. ......:. .May 29 St. Louis.. ...... June 26
St. Louis.. ...... June 5 St Paul ..July 10
St. Paul..... ....June 19 St. Louis...... ..July 17
RED STAR LINE/
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
-Pennland .......May 22 Friesland .......June 12
• Kensington May 29 Southwark June 19
Zeeland June 5 Vaderland June 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION-COMPANY,
•r * : r>*-i chas. d. taylor,
General Agent Pacing Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf. '12 m. •
GUATEMALA . May 17 1 LO A .June 12
PALENA-:..-..;.May 30ITUCAPEL . June 27
¦Theee steamers are ¦ built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
.BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen: Agents.
TO SEATTLE.
NORTH -AMERICAN •TRANSPORTATION
• AND TRADING CO.'S ELEGANT STEEL
S. S. ROANOKE
SAILS FROM. SAN FRANCISCO MAY 17TH.
el ,'. ."•• FARE TO SEATTLE. *\
- First-class, $12.00. -¦¦ Second-class, $7.00. ¦
'For tickets and . freight rate* / apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE, '
' '¦¦¦„ - . " 630 Market street ¦
ADVERTISEMENT^
Don't You
Want the food you set before
your family, Madam, to be the
best you can prepare? You are
overlooking a vast opportunity
for improvement if you do not
use
White
Cottolene
The vegetable shortening and
frying medium, which renders
your "rich" food as wholesome as
it is delicious.
Being pure and nutritious, also
odorless and neutral, it makes
better tasting and more satisfy-
ing things to eat than is possible
with animal fats.
Why not try a pail?
r-£22SS5* The N.K.Fairbank Company,
£~ 'til\ Chicago— Sole Uanof actarers.
i va^S5$&T» FDPF' Our dainty booklet,
$*™*'&**&^i i \ rnsilea free to any address.
wt^J^V^'twvt ¦ For two 2c stamp* we will
»Scw3*SS££* ' li * rid free our l'5-pare reclp«
%^3£32 / &j book, "Home Helps,*" edited
fcy Mrs. Rorer. •
p. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENB
Announcement
&to the
Public
AWCfO TO THE FA-
V? vomble critlcUm aad
many inquiries received by
ua from the Medical Pro-
Teselcn and other* intereeted regarding oar
etatement that the oo-called Weakneei of Men
1s not a weakness tout symptoms of lnflam*
nation of the Proetate Gland (neck of blad-
der) caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that IVics of Vitality. Prema-
tur^r.ess. ftc, arc Invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this inflam-
mati<Si. we wish to etate to these many in-
quiries. ' ln the columns of the press, that It
takee approximately ten weeks to cure thes*
disorders of the male. -The treatment Is en.
t'rely a local cne. as no drugging the stomach
la neressary. and that the patient may treat
K!m6elf at bom*, under our fllrectionm. We win
rh*f>rfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on aPPUca-
tioa to any one Interested in the subject, will
be found a great advantage ln '•Home Dlag-
r.os'.E." bs well a* a study for all interested in
tV.^lr anatomy. Very respectfully.
D3. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
MUNYON'S INHALER
r»F^B rATAPPH
Colds, Coughs,
J|||&£|^^ Influenza, Bron-
j^^M | fell chitis, Asthma
X$$Zf^P te^ and all Diseases
*Wr^\ w oi the Throat
and Lungs.
Cloud* of Medicated Vapor are inhaled throng*
the mouth aad emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
tag; aad vaporizing all the inflamed and_ diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
Into the Gtomach.
It reach** thetore nott—healt Out raw places
—voes to tfn> ncai of disease— arts at abaim and
tonic to the vital* system - f 1.00 at druggists or
\m v mit Vuxaian. Xea York andFkiladtlvhia,
Medical Bulletin Cites Remarkable
Gtires by Paine's Celery Compound.
'"I have never known a remedy equal to
Paine's. Celery Compound," writes Dr.
Wm. H. Vail, visiting surgeon to the St.
Louis Mayfield Sanitarium, in the Hos-'
pital Bulletin, of which he is the editor.
"It builds up weakened, Irritated nerves,
increases the nervous force, keeps the
liver, kidneys and stomach in healthy ac-
tion, maintains the body free from harm-
ful humors, cures debilitated and exhaust-
ed conditions and prevents the breaking
down of the nervous system.
"The great causes of wornout nerves are
worry, business anxieties and overwork,
which impair the vitality of the system,
and cause disordered liver, weak kidneys,
indigestion, dyspepsia, melancholia, nerv-
ousness, < headaches, exhaustion, neural-
gia, heart disease, paralysis, insomnia,*
rheumatism, pains and aches all over the
body and a host of other derangements.
- "I have thoroughly tested Palne's Celery
Compound and know Its efficacy. ' Jt ad-
vise all persons who are at all r,un dorwn in
health to nourish and strengthen the
nerves by the use of Paine's Celery Com-
pound — no matter what the cause of the
nervous condition may be, nor how se-
rious the disorder is.
"I have treated many obdurate cases of
disease •which promptly yielded to Palne'B
Celery Compound, and which made most
marvelous recoveries in a very short time
after I had prescribed this effective rem-
edy." r*';
Palne's Celery Compound Is not a patent
medicine. - '
No class of professional men axe more
conservative, more careful ln giving- ad-
vice," nor more painstaking- in finding
but the real facts of a case tban physi-
cians. •
• "When doctors of known repute not only
prescribe and use, but also carry horn*
Paine's Celery Compound for their own
families, there can be no doubt of its higi
standing in the eyes of medical men In
general. i lilll
TRAVEL.
.Pacific XoasLSteamship Co, '
il '• . FOR
GOLDFIEL.DS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
wm saa
From San Francisco May 26
Crnnectlne at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship ' ¦'# ¦
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th:
The Senator made five trips to Nome la»t
year, being one of the first to arrive ther*.
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montcomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A?ta..
10 Market street.
5 .ILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD-
ffl INGCOMPANT.
|§ Passenger and / Freight Steamer
I CHAS. D. LANE.
H TELLER, GOLOFNIN.. PORT CLAR- -
H ; ENCE. ETC.
M SAILS JUNE 1.
|1 Superior First and Second Class Pas-
IA senger Accommodations.
Pa 50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
|*| This company owns the most success-
n tu\ lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
E9 safe discharge of all freight: also owns
Kg and operates the Wild Goos« Ry. p.
M Heavy Machinery, Barsres. Etc.. Taken.
g CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 6G7 Market st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe t (Hipgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai - and
connecting at . Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc.. No cargo received on board oa
day . of sailing. - ••
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May ». 1901
SS." HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22,1901
S3. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
«21 Market street, corner First.
» W. H. AVERT. . General Agent,
PANAMA R.R.f^* w
TO NEW YORJC VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. ?40.
5. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Juno 3
6. S. Argyll sails Monday, dune 24
8. S. Lee anaw soils Mondiy, duly 15
From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. in.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
. . F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY; YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUES. >: WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. S:1S, 8:30 p. m. (except Thur»-
da-" night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. - m.. 8 p. m. . Landing and office. Mls-
•ion-Bt. Dock, Pier No. «. Telephone Mala UCft
> It Costs Nothing to Consult These Reliable Specialists.; An In- 9
| terview Will Give Sufferers a Great Deal of Valuable Information J
I Concerning Their Ailment if They Do Not Take Treatment. ' q
I €^SP 8 ?P I «^' .. SPECIALISTS FOR lEN. |
( *f0i0%ty' V$t ESTABLISHED 1SS1. §
| i||§i WaCure the Following Ailments : g
I ijl^^P' tost Mtnhoad, Virlorcele, 9
: k<&&sfi& i -a— «. V.rrft?* Prem»tnre Deo&y, Inmors. a
» • V/®k$''w /^^^^^'j^^y nnn»;.nr»I Loi»e», Also Diseasei g
I ' \\ %J&< ¦ t "~ J *p% W^* PriT»t« DUeasei, Bladder, Bpine, 9
i /^%T' l J^''^PSSv* fc *i ' ' '"curable caso3 taken at any price. ©
I W^0m^^^&- 'PAY; WHEN CURED. |
I \ <©ilil^*awnP*^ Patients may deposit the price of a ©
I \^wVSsK%£«"^Mxr' : ?irHy • cure ln any San Francisco bank, to be jZ
I , ' P ald only after they are well, or may Jg
> /. . *«*^a^SwSs^yi 0 Y$£s P a y ln monthly installments. Prices 9
t jO!\ .si .&$sfim$ffi 'Vyty reasonable. No Injurious medicines 9
> /^lx^Z :or i^^^w?N Home Cures a Specialty. •
I • ¦"•"—«' ¦\.\**'l" ' , . Private-book- free at office' or by a
' + + mall. . Correspondence confidential. - J
JV/^I B/I V J r J A • Hour8-8to5dally.2
t731 Market Street,- gj™ffigg, mn<°H I
I . SAN F«fl»C/SCO, 1 . .; v . Evenings— 7 to 8. #
PAXBTE'S CELERY vCOMPOTJlSTD.' New York Grain and Produce.'
TT — "Jf
NEW YORK, May ; 14— FLOUR— Receipts,
10,978 barrels: exports, 17,922 barrels. "Weaker
and less active, closing a 'shade lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 104,100 bushels. Spot-
Easy. No. 2 red, 82%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, 80%c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S2%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. 86%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options—^Opened steady, but at
once weakened under reports of showers In the
Southwest, breaking the drought In some sec
tions. Liquidation was a feature of the mar
ket all day. Closed weak at net decline
May, S0%<Sj81c. clcsjd 80%c; July, 77 •7-16®78»ic.
closed 77'^c; September, 75 3-16@76>,ic, closed
75 1 -4C. .'; ¦ • . .. ... . . . ;.' ,-'-•
HOPS— Quiet. • •
HIDES— Steady.
Quiet..
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. S\i&l2c. Futures-
Closed quiet, 10 points lower. Total sales, 17,
230 bag's, including: May, J5 25@3 30; June,
$5 30: July, $5 45; August, $5 50; ¦ September,
jo 55ff?5 60; Octobor, $5 63; December, jr. 75.
SUGAR— Raw. firm but quiet. Fair refining,
S%c; centrifugal, S6 test, 4 8-32c; molasses
HUgar, 3V4c. Ileflned— Quiet.
BUTTEH— Receipts, 10,498 packages; steady.
Creamery. 15® 19c; factory, ll@13c.
" EGGS — Receipts, . 27,684 packages. Slow and
weak. Western, regular packed, 12V£@13c;
storage, Western, 13V4@14e.
DRIED FRUITS
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples ruled active and about
steady at fully sustained prices. State, com
mon, SQ^Uc; prime, 4V4@4%c; choice, 6@5V4c,
and fancy, €(36Hc. > > • ¦
California dried fruits ruled rather qultt, but
at steady, unchanged prices.
. PORTLAND. Or.; May U.-CIearln*s-, J3S3,
749; balances, #8, 872. .
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 6s.llVid; No.-l Northern spring, 6s Id;
No. 1 California. 6s lHd. Futures— Quiet; July,
5s 10%d; September, Es 9%d. ...
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed, nominal,
4s; do old. 4s Id. Futures— Steady; July, 3s lid;
September. 3s llVid.
CLOSING
LONDON, May 14.— Consols, 94%; silver 27^d;
French rentes, lOlf 60c; cargoes ¦ on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stan
dard California* 29s 9d; cargoes 'Walla Walla,
29s 7%d: English country markets, quiet and
• May 14.— WHEAT— Firm; ' No.
1 standard California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, partly cheaper; weather in Kng
land, fine. '
COTTON— Uplands. 4 5-lSdj
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. May 14— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13.483 bales. A
emitter tone prevailed, but prices were firm.
Good scoureds' and merinos were in active de
mand. Coarsebreds were irregular and were
taken mostly by the home trade. ,
London Wool Sales.
¦ NEW YORK. May 14.— Cotton closed quiet,
unchanced. ii* •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 14.— Special cable and tclfc
graphlc communications to Bradstreefs show
the following changes in available supplies,
compared with the last account: .-. ¦ '
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 1. 357. 0O0 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, increased 1.200.000 bushels. To
tal supply, decreased 157,000 bushels.
Com United States and Canada., east of
Rockies, decreased 1.763.000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, cast of the
Rockies, decreased 1.225,000 bUEhels.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Very little interest
was manifested in tin to-day. After a very
dull day the market closed easy in tone _ at
$26 B0®26 75. Plglron, unchanged, at $9 B0@
10 50 for warrants: Northern foundry, $lo 2o<S&
16 60.. Lead and spelter ruled inactive and
nominally unchanged. Copper, unchanged, at
$17 for Lake and $16 62V4 for casting.
New- York Metal Market.
, BOSTON, May, 14.— There Is practically no
ehanuo In tho condition of the wool market
hm-e and there In nothing In the wool outlook
to encourage speculation. Tim prices at which
wools are being bought In tho West ore. about
the same ns the cIhmi of wools hro selling
for in this markat. For territory fine and line
medium, ncourei and etuple. 40<l?42o is quoted,
while the strictly staple article sells for 44tf45c.
Quotations.'
Territory, scoured basis. Montana fine med
ium end fine. 14«fl5c; scoured, 42fff43o; staple.
4fifl>46c: Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine,
medium and fine. 12fl4c: scoured. 40© I2o;
staple, 44®4Cc; Australian scoured basin, spot
prices, combing euperflr.c. Cb^'Oc: good, 6C<&68c;
nvcrage. 63(Q6Dc.
I Boston Wool Market.
' WASHINGTON, May 14.— The monthly state
ment of imports and exports of the United
States, issued to-day by the Bureau of Statis
tics, ehows that during April, 1901, the im
port's of • merchandise amounted to $76,750,982,
of which $36,461,728 was free of duty. Tha
whole amount Is $1,000,000 In excess of im
ports of April. 1900. The exports of domestic
merchandise during April aggregated $120,780,
too; an increase, of $2,000,000.
For the Inst ten months the total Imports of
merchandise were $41,049,350 less than for the
corresponding period last year. During tho
?toma months the export of domestic merchan
dise exceeded thono for tho corresponding
period In 1W0 by $85. CM. 238.
Tha slatein<M»t of the exports of domontla
products of tho United States for April, W01,
show* ns fnllnws:
• llreadntuffH. $24,406,712. nn Increase over April,
inoo of $.vni',r>i:n. Cattle and hogs, $3,lt3O,C7G;
Increase, $fion,ftOO. Provisions. $14,278,2*7; in
ereiid* $1,000,000. Cotton, f22.0W.238; de,crea«e,
$2,1^1,000. Mlimral oils, $0,164,777; Increase.
$120,000.
For th« last ten months the total exports of
donieHtlo products was $741,800,004, an Increase
of
Exports and Imports.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 15,000; to-morrow,
28,0(0; left over, 2000. Market. 5c higher: good
clearances; mixed and butchers', JS 65@5 87V4:
good to choice heavy. $5 75@5 90; rough heavy.
$5 60<f?5 70; light. )5 65©5 S2>i: bulk, $5 75@5 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8WK). Sheep and lambs,
ctrong to 10c higher. Clipped lambs up to
$4 85. Colorados, $5 35; (rood to choice. $4 25®
4 60; fair to choice mixed, $4@4 25; Western
Bheep. *4 20^4 60; yearlings, *4 35@4 65; native
lambs, |4 15Q'5 35; Western lambs, 14 50^5 35.-
CHICAGO. May 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2S00.
Generally stronscr. Butchers', stock, firm.
Good to prime steers. $5 10@6; poor to medium,
$4@5; stockers and feedeis. $3 25@5 10; cows.
$2 8504 65:. heifers, $2 85@4 75: canners, . $2 10®
2 30; bulls, $2 75©4 40; calves, $3 75@5; Texas
fed steers, U 25@5 40; do. bulls. *2 75(53 80.
Chicago Livestock Market.
• "Wheat— ' July. Sept.
Opening 5 10V4 6 9%
Closing 5 10% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening " «5 20 30
Closing I9 60 20 30
Flour —
Opening 24 80 25 45 .
Closing 24 80 25 4*
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
the same as that 'of Dry Granulated Fine. Th«
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, pe*
Ib. in 10O-lb bags:
Crushed 6.25e: Powdered. 5.83c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 6.7jc; Confec
tioners' A, 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5,»jc: Mag
nolia A. 5.3Je; Kxtra «*, 5.2.'>c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes,
lOc more: W-lb bugs. 10c mnr». No orders tikea
for le«» than 73 barrel* or U* •qutvaUnt. Doml
nos half-barrel*. «.50e; boxn, «.7Se p«r lb.
LUMBER— R*««tl price* nra an follows: Pino,
ordinary »Ue». IIMH 1 *; txtra slws higher: R-»d
word. $11019; M»h. 4 fe«t, |3 9<Xfti: Picket*. »2f»r
Shingles. |2 for enramin ""^ W '•* ' op '•""-*''$
Phtk»». 113 for spilt and $\4 for wwn; llu*t.o.
I»O23.
STOCK MARKET.
Lomi itocks and bonds w«r* dull an th*
morning session of th# Bond Exchange., but
the feeling was firm. Giant Powder advanced
to $78 and Contra Costa Water to tViJfiO 60.
Oceanic sold at I U.
Th«r« was nothing n«w In th« oil stnclcs.
The Eureka Oil Company pays dividends of
1 vr er-nt for March ami nl«» for April.
Tn» Oray EagU Oil Company paid lt» slxtl*
dividend on th« 10th inst. Th» rats w« 4to
Pfr rh«r«. -
The Mexican Mlnin* Company |g ais«s««d
lie.
STOCK AND EOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May II — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Antrfl BM.Ask.
4s-quar coup.. 113HU* Ms qr ep (new>.137H13«'i
4s quar reg 113Vitl4 ':» quar coup. ..109 109«i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5a..l0i'i— Oceanic S Gs..in2t4103H
Cal-st In U7H12O Omnibus R 8s.l2« —
C C Water 5s. — 110H Pac O Im? 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6S..12SH133V3 Pk & C II 8a..lO.> —
Fer & Cl R 69.114'.* — Pk- & O R 6».117 —
Oeary-st fs ... — — Powll-st R Ss.120 —
H C & S 5^s.lO6U — Sac E O R 5s. — 100
Do ns......... - - S F & SJV 58.120^121^
Los Ant R 6S.U2H113 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 103
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 8s
Do entd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 112%113%
Do sntd rs..l0O — <1310> U4 —
L A & Pac os.102 - S P of C «s
Do 1 c m os.101 - (19C9). ser A.108H -
Market-st 63..— 127V? * IOT), ser B.10.V* —
Po 1 c m 5s.l22%123Vi <1!M1«> 110 —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113',«j (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114'4 S P of Cal l«t
Do 5s 118%im* cp nmtd g 5»|104 —
Nor Pac C 6a.. 100 — SPBr Cal 8s. 134 —
Do 5s - 1C9 S V Water 6a.ll3H -
Nor Cal R 3s.. 113^ - Do 4s.... }*j —
Oak Gas 5s.... 112 — • Do 4s. 3d m..lO2<4103
Do Tran 6s.. — l'"V4 Stktn Gai 6a.. 100 —
Do Wat E8..104 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 80tf /Spring Valley. 86H —
Marin County. 53% — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt ...; 43% 43%
Equitable 3H 3*i Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4y 4 7 S F O & E.... 33% 38*
Oakland 50}* SI San Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp.... — 36 Stockton 7Vi —
» INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 235 245 I
- • - BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 7S — |L P & A 117 —
California ....40« «0%|Mef Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — S F National. — 125
First Nat 309*4312%!
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1330 — ISav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — (Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — I Union Trust.. 14C0 —
San Francisco. 515 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....120 138 IO S L & H.... 40 —
Geary 47H — Prestdlo 23 tt
Market 59% "fn,«i
POWDER.
Giant — 73 |Vlgor!t t\i —
SUGAR.
liana T'.i 8 Kilauea 19 —
Hawaiian — 54 Makawell 30'i +>
Honokaa 26% — Onomea 20 —
Hutchlnson ... 13% 20 Paauhau 23'. i —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDa
Alaska Pack.. 129H130H, Oceanic SS ... 42% 45^
Cal Fruit Can. — 97HlPac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99H — iPao C Borax. .146 —
Mer Ex 110 — IPar Paint .... 18 —
Morning Session. ¦ •
Board —
205 Contra Ctoata'Water 00
165 Contra Costa Water » 80 50
1« Giant Powder Con »..» •¦ 73 00
100 Honokaa S Co 26 B0
25 Kilauea S P Co 19 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 113 00
(Oceanic S S Co , 45 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 3S 23
Street—
I3CO0 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Hoard —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 133 CO
MAlaika Packers' Association 131 00 '
40 Alaska Packers' Association 130 CO
IS Alaska Packers' Association 129 75
I100O Bay Counties Power Co 6s 104 23
ieo Contra CoaU Water 80 00
13 Equitable Gaa 3 37H
23 Hutchlnson H P Co , 19 73
50 Kilauea 8 P Co 19 00
100 Kilauea H P Co. b 5 w 19 Oft
100 Market 8tre«t Railway ...70 04
S4000 Market-ftt R R enn 6* 122 75
S10D0 Oakland ttut-r 5* 101 23
20 Paelfie Coast Itorax 146 M
to 8 Y Has A Electric Co S* 50
IJikiii Hprtng Vnllay 8a ..113 CD
f 10,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d oust) 103 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXC1LANOB.
Morning Session.
Bonrd
mooaiant m
Iwimiii City Petroleum ti
21K11) oil City Pctrolsum, b 30 n
2000 petroleum Csntsr. • 00 07
toon Petroleum Onttr ..................... m
50no prtrolnum Center, cash 0*
7J Twenty-Eight J 113
Afternoon Session. >
Board—
40ft Dominion ..' 20
60 K«rn Oil Co « on
500 Monarch of Arlaona. 43
too Monarch of Arlsona, 8 30.............. 41
CO Peerless .' 7 60
10 Peerlens 7 37',
r.nn Petroleum Center, b 90 0*
500 Bunset (original) 20
100 Sunset (original) 2ft
BAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
lfiflO McKHtrlck ji
500 Monarch of Arizona 47
400 Monte Crlsto 2 32*4
20W Petroleum Center OS
100O Petroleum Center, • 30 07
6C0 Petroleum Center 0?
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 14-
Flour, qr sks 12.315 Straw, tons........ - I
Wheat, ctls 7.AO0 Wool, bales 473
Barley, ctls 1,560 Chicory, bbls H>
Oats, ctls 850 Sugar, ctls 4.030
Corn, ctls 9«0 Tallow, ctls 227
Potatoes, sks 1,612 Leather, rolls 7S
Onions, sks... . 593 Lime, bbls m
Beans, sks SOS Hides "63
Bran, sks 1,145 PV-lts. bales 452
Middlings, sks.... M>6 Wine, gals 23,100
Hay. tons... 312
MINING STOCKS.
* Following were the eales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange^ Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
S0O Chollar 05 40O Potost .......... 03
500 Con Cal & Va..S 05 100 Sierra Nevada.. 13
100 "Hale & Nor.... 22 2C0 Union Coa IS
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 23 200 Mexican IS
200 Caledonia 51 50 Cphlr 83
5C0 Con Cal & Va..2 10 2C0 Savage 12
1000 Con Imperial... 01 100 Potost 03
2CO Crown Point — 12 200 Union Con 17
2C0 Gould & Curry. 11 300 Yellow Jacket. U
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnx Session.
ICO Con Cal & V.2 07^i cCO Sierra Nevada. 11
40O Con Cal & Va..2 0i 300 Union Con ls»
10O Hale & Nor.... 22 100O Utah ...... K .... C9
300 Ophir 83 200 Yellow Jacket.. IS
400 Overman 11
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., - Bid. Ask.
Ophlr S3 83|Exchequer — 03
Mexican 16 13|&eg Belcher.... 03
Gould & Curry. 11 12 Overman 11 12
Best & Belcher. 23 24 j Justice 04 OS
ConCal & Va_.2 10 2 15 Union Con 17 11
Savage 12 13. Caledonia 61 53
Chollar 05 — 'Julia — 03
Potosi C3 (HAlta 08 —
Hale & Norcros -21 ' — ISUver Hill ' 30 —
Crown Point... 12 13 Challenge .......10 13
Yellow Jacket.. 17 ¦ 18, Occidental 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 C2 Andes C6 07
Kentuclt — 03 Scorpton '— M
Alpha 03 03 Con New York. — 01
Belcher — lliStandard 4 00 —
Confidence 63 — ; L«dy Wash..... — 01
Eferra Nevada.. 13 14 Eureka Con.... 0« —
Utah, 06 O7.Byndicat« M —
Bullion 03 -:St. Loula « —
Sterling Exchange firmer. Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower. Barley neglected. ¦
Oats and Rye very dull. Corn scarce.
More new Hay arrived. No change in Feedstuffs. ,
Colored Beans moving off fairly and white dcscriptiotis^nn.
Old and new Potatoes firm. Onions easier-, a gain.
Asparagus, Rhubarb and String Beans very weak.
Poultry market well supplied and quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Fresh Fruits firm and in light receipt. .
Oranges firm. Lemons and Limes plentiful and weak.
Dried Fruits inactive. Fair demand for Honey.
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
Wool market in better condition than for mouths.
Hops firm and Hides steady ivith lighter stocks.
Meat market generally unchanged.
Codfish scarce and firm.
Nothing new in Oils.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
weather Wednesday, with possibly light rain
on the northern coast: fresh southwest wind,
with fos on the coast.
Southern California— Clcudy Wednesday, with
ton on the roast: fresh westerly tolnd.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednes
day; brisk westerly wli'ds. ¦ ,'
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Wednesday,
possibly light showers; brink northwest winds.
Arizona — Cloudy,, unsettled weather Wednes
day, with showers in northern part; brisk
rcrthwect wind's.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday: brisk westerly wlpds,
with fog. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
* Forecast Official.
. Dried Fruits in syWo York.
J'all advices from New Tork eay:
"Currants were leps active than on Tuesday,
but the market was He higher and exceedingly
firm at the advance. A few orders were re-'
ceived from the country and several hundred
• •ases were told during the morning at SSic,
Imt up to" a late hour no considerable sales
at barrel* were heard of. Cleaned In bulk
have advanced 'jc, to ST&e. and cartons %c, to
fc^c. with little demand. No further cables
from Greece were reported. The advance In
that market on Arr.alias is equivalent to 1<" per
jiound here.
¦¦Imported Sultana raisins are He higher in
*ympathy with an advance in Smyrna- Sales
of JfO boxes were reported here at the new
ranpe. California bltached Sultanas are prac
tically in the hands of one, holder and selling
fairly well at S'iliS^iC. Eastern bleached are
•juotfd at 7',iC. Prunes are In quite good de
mand. 40-Wts, Z0-6Cv. 60-7OS and 90-100s being
most wanted. A little Inquiry was noted for
~h-U$ r.t 34c
"The apricot market Is in better shape, chjap
lot* being well cleaned up. Choice Royals in
V>a?F are still wanted, but hard to find.
J'«"a<-h<* are In some demand and are firm.
Dat<»i» arc <-a?y, holders chowlng anxiety to
sell."
The Weather and Crops.
The report of A. G. McAdie, section director
of the cltmate and crop service of the Weather
Bureau, for the week ending Mcnday, is as
follows:'
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been nearly normal
along the coafct during the week, with consid
erable cloudiness and heavy fogs; in the Inte
rior hisher temperatures have prevailed with
generally clear eky and light winds. Light
Fhov.ers have fallen in the southern portion.
Conditions have been favorable for the growth
of all crojis.
As a result of the heavy rains of last week
the condition of grain has been materially
improved, and there will doubtless be abun
dant <-!•¦ i'K of wheat and barley in the Sacra
mento and San Joaquln .valleys, ' with probably
nearly an average yield In other sections ex
<t-pt Southern California, where the long dry
:-j» :i blighted late sown wheat. Late hay and
j^Murate also chow the beneficial effects of
U-.t- tain and the damage to cut hay is cald
to be ll;ht. Green feed 1e again plentiful in
most sections and stock are looking well. Hops,
corn, beans and t-ugar beets are thrifty and
Fhow indicatione of a good yield. The sell is
in good condition for cultivating and consider
able work is being done in the fields.
Reports at to the condition of deciduous
fruits are still somewhat conflicting, but
there wnt no doubt that the yield for the
Mate will be aLundant and in some sections
fcjuul to tin- average. In portions of the Santa
Clara Valley and in some parts of Alaineda,
Hcncma and other counties the damage by
April fro£t6 was most serious and there will
l~- lislu crops of apricots, prunes and cherries
In thoce localities. The season has been very
favorable for citrus fruits und walnuts.
SACRAMKNTO VALLEY— The weather has
l.i '•!! generally clear and warm during the
wm k and' crops have made rapid growth.
Oraln shows jilainly the benefit derived from
the recent heavy rains and an abundant crop
»e*ma amur^d. Hay and pajturage were also
greatly benefited. Haying Is progressing and
th* yield and quality are said to b« excellent;
tli* damage t>y the rain was very light. Hops,
corn 4nd alfalfa are in good condition. Pros
rnfts continue joed for an abundant yl*ld of
nerldunua frultn in in >t auctions, The aeuson
tin* l.i-t-n unutually favorable for citrus fruits.
«'OA8T ANU WAY KK<rriONfl-Heiivy fogs
u\"uy thn mm) an<1 ne&iiy norm*! temperature
:. .!!..« iii»f th* rain of la«t wwk have Venn
very tirnefluUI in nil crojiM, Oraln was greatly
improved by the r«ln nnd prospects are tsood
fnr * heavy «ro|>, A lurge «rop «f hay Is now
l-.-it>C cut; it in rnl'1 to I"- at excellent quality.
l..r<« and IicjJ* are l»olflng wall. I'nrtumt'n is
abundant In infut plmrn, Vineyards and or
rharde ar# In good rendition In most neetlons.
In jinrtlurm of the Hunt* CUn» Valley, however,
Orf-jrtuoup fruttn were an «rrlouy|y Injured by
April frost* Hint s very llsht crop l« prnniihlo.
• litirl>» nif tijiriilni: rapidly In Alnniiiln
• •mint y, but are mil to be later than last
•ratxin,
HAS JOAQl'IN valLHY— Ths. weather dur
ing the jmM wi-rk hm> t<rrn dear ntii warm,
rendition* wMi N wrre ni"M favorable for nil
cr^wirg croj*. Th«< ralnn of the preceding
work have entirely changed the crop prospect*
nni indlratlon* now |mlnt to a good yield of
whrat and barley and n fair fruit crop of ex
rrllrnt quality. Home hay had been cut pre
vious to the min* and it was damaged, but
the bulk of the crop remained standing. Hay
ing If In full jirofrrem and n • large crop of
Ktjod quality will r*» harvested. Wheat and
barley bit filling nicely and beginning to turn
In Home localities. Fruit and grapes are mak
ing good progress. Cultivation of orchards and
vineyard* is well advanced. Foil is In good
condition nnd water and preen feed are plenti
ful. Ftork are doins well. About ISO acres
noun In flax near Elmda.1*. us an experiment,
i* now In hloom nnd looking well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The weather
hs* been generally corm, with considerable
cloudiness and heavy fogs along the coast and
oondltlonn have been favorable for all crops
except hay and early fruit. Light showers
have fallen In some places. Grain is looking
remarkably well in some sections and prepara
tions are beine made for an early harvest.
Hay cutting ocntinues. Vhe rain last week
dan:ag«>d considerable of #he cut hay, but the
l«t* hay was benefited. Deciduous fruits and
prap^F are in fair condition, but would be im
proved by dry. warm weather. Walnuts are
locking well and citrus fruits are in good con
<I!t<on.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Cool. d.-mp
week with misting fogs, benefited growing
Tops and improved late grain. Bean planting
i» prorressing: the ground is in fine condition.
Oranges and lemons have set heavily and
olives are blrmmln?.
ET'RKKA SUMMARY— Favorable conditions
continue. Growing crops ar« progressing e*tlv
factorlly. Some oats are heading and straw
berrief ere beginning to ripen. Prospects are
good for full crops of hay and grain.
Weather Report.
(120lh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 14—5 p. m.
The following are Lhe seasonal rainfalls 1 to
(Sate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Ean Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
C7; minimum. 49; meaa. 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily during the
past twenty-four hours over the entire Pacific
Flop* 1 . Alcng the coast of California from
Eureka, to San Diego the rise has been very
rapid Over Utah «u»d Arizona unsettled
weather prevails. Heavy rain is reported in
Northern Arizona. At FTagstaJr there has
b«en a fall of .70 of an inch in the past twelve
"The temperatures have changed but little
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
In the great valleys of California the temper
atures are about 4 degrees above the normal.
Heavy fogs prevail along the coast.
Forecast made at Bsn Francisco for thirty
hours endinr midnight. Msy 15. 1901.
Kortbern California-Cloudy, and unsettled
Nci'j York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The inherent weakness
of the stock market after last week's severe
shock to confidence became obvious to-day, and
some violent declines were caused by a com
paratively light volume of liquidation. The
weakness was apparently due to the fact that
the natural rebound after the panic had ex
pended itself. The factors which caused that
rebound were elements of weakness at the
higher level of prices. For instance the pro
fessional operators who were so fortunate as
to secure stocks that were sacrificed at the
low level- en Thursday were very willing ¦ to
sell and take profits when they perceived that
the rebound had about reached Its limits.
There was another class, that of the insiders
and friends ' of various stocks, who bought
heavily on Thursday to support their favorites
in order to protect their value* as far as
possible. ' This class was anxious to lighten its
holdings when the panic was checked and took
advantage of the high level of prices. There
v.xs a large amount of belated liquidation also
in to-day's market, on the part or the capital
ists and operators who were strong enough
to hold through the panic and save their prop
erty from absolute sacrifice, but who were
nevertheless bent on liquidation. The Satur
day holiday was taken advantage of all
through the Wall-street district to • bring ac
counts to date and the weak condition disclosed
in many cases prompted the closing out of
these accounts. This factor would have had
more Influence yesterday had it not been for
the encouraging effect of the favorable out
come of the London settlement. The bears also
resumed their aggressive mood to-day and not
only offered prices down to take the market
away, from those seeking to liquidate, but
were Industriously: circulating alarmist rumors
of the further consequences to ensue from the
conflict In Northern Pacific. It was observed
with apprehension, as indicating a possible
spread of hostilities to a general stock market
warfare, that brokers usually supposed to be
backed by Standard OH Interests were, sellers
of so-called Morgan stocks, while the sup
posed Morgan brokers were In evidence when
the stocks in the Southwestern group began
to give way. This might easily have been a
bear maneuver, but It was effective In driv
ing prices downward. There were whispered
about the exchange also rumors of a new ele
ment of disturbance in the Union Paelflo »lt
uatlon. The stock whs mont prominent In the
market all day, und its violent break after a
period of strength was an etTectlva Influence
in unsettling the whole market. The Hdlinc
was seemingly for tho aucount of Innidttrn,
Judging from tha agenta employed In execut
ing orders, and very Urge ndiing orders in
this «nd In other Western railroad stocks camo
from that portion of the country through Chi
i-hu'i, H.iMnii whs also actlv* on the polling
side. With the obvious tendency of th<t, mar
ket to yield, the Investment buying which has
been more or less In evident** for the last day
or two was largVly withdrawn In the hope of.
irettlnK storks later at lower prices. It was th«/
prevailing belief In the mnrket also that the.
powerful operators, Including th« most con
¦plcu&UH 011* uf Dm eruup who were so Ionic
foremost In the bull mniket, hail turned in thn
bear side anil wt<r« setllriK freely. Whatever
lite causes nt work It was clcnr that the buy
ing ilrtimnil for stocks had fallen in Insignifi
cant proportions, and the liquidation even of
comparatively light lines mused sudden and
rapid melting awny of valurn. Thrre wrre In
tervals nit the down grade of 1, 2 and even S
points t*-twp»n unlei. A scrutiny of the price
rhntigfs of the day will reveal not losses from
3 to 6 points for a. large number of the prln*
rlpal active storks, The dccllna below last
nlght> level reached, In Union Pacific. 15; St.
Paul, !'»i; Delaware and Hudson, Missouri
Pacific 'and Consolidated Oas •;',» and Hock
Irlmi'l 6. The money market was not an in
fluence, as there was no large demand for call
loans. Jn fart people were mostly converting
securities into money us rap4dly its possible.
For the same reason the growing difficulties
of the foreign money situation and the belief
that it will draw largely on New York's money
supply was viewed with lessened apprehen
sion. The coming Installment of the British
war loan, the expected issue of the Russian
loan In Paris and the embarrasgrnent feared
/or the London market by the withdrawal of
the French credits are expected to result In
a considerable movement of -.gold from New
York, notwithstanding tile easier tone of the
exchange market to-day.
Bonds became weak In sympathy with stocks
after an early show of strength. Total sales,
J2.870.000.
United States refunding 2s and new 4s ad
vanced Yt per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ' Closing
Sold. v Stocks— Bid.
63.400 Atchlson 66V4
25.500 Atchlson prefd 92\4
5,400 Baltimore & Ohio 95>i
1.000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 88
5.200 Canadian Pacific 100
3.100 Canada Southern 64
21,800 Chesapeake & Ohio 44V4
¦8.200 Chicago Burlington & Quincy •.. 189&
' 2,200 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 30
600 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 6S
1,600 Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 120
Chicago & Northwestern 199
11.700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 140Vi
1.200 Chicago Terminal & Trans •... 20%
2,400 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 42V4
6.400 Chicago & Alton 43V4
1,200 Chicago & Alton prefd 76V4
1,200 Chicago & Great Western : \. 19
Chicago & Great Western prefd A... 76%
7C0 Chicago & Great Western prefd B... 45
200 C C C & St Louis 77
6.100 Colorado Southern 12%
1.200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45%
1.000 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20V 4
4,900 Delaware & Hudson 153. .
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 207
300 Denver & Rio Grande 42
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90
49.900 Erie « .'. :..:: S0V4
4.900 Erie 1st .prefd ., 62 ,
1.7fK) Erie 2d prefd i 47
1.RO0 Great Northern prefd 172V
1.SO0 Hocking Valley 49
1.200 Hocking Valley prefd 73
5.-no Illinois Central 132
700 Iowa Central 27.
200 Iowa Central prefd 53
400 Lake Erie & Western 55
Lake Erie & Western prefd ........117
17,700 Louisville & Nashville 98
26.800 Manhattan L 108
fi.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 157%
2,700 Mexican National 10%
7.200 Mexican Central 33U
200 Minneapolis & St Louis........ 84
23.100 Missouri Pacific !>«V4
5,300 Missouri Kanras & Texas 23 l .i
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... 51^
10.9W New Jersey Central inn
6,100 New York Central 14SVi
100 Norfolk ft Western 4SVx
903 Norfolk & Western prefd 87
1.500 Northern Pacific 150
15,900 Northern Pacific prefd 104
Ontario A Western 29%
PCCAStL 60
13.100 Pennsylvania I42\i
8,600 Heading ........... 36
Atchlson, 72V4: Canadian Pacific, 103; Union
Pacific preferred, 96; Grand Trunk, 11%: Ana
conda, 9V4; United. States Steel, 49; do pre
ferred, 92. Bar silver, firm; 27V4d. Money, 2r<J3
per cent.
# . 1 1*'
The dealer whose difficulties I mentioned in
previous dispatches was only a champion scul
ler.'He resigns his membership as a condition
to the arrangement of his accounts by thaSh-e
ferring committee's decision of yesterday in
Northern Pacific. I have learned that the most
important, arbitraeeurs 1 stand to lose some
three-quarters of a million pounds and a com
mittee of them say they would do naught un
less some special steps were taken in their
cases.
The call money rate was 2% per cent.
CLOSING.
Dead silence prevailed In the stock market
here to-day, a state of things In romarkahlo
contrast with the recent yells of exultation a:id
profit. The stagnation Is universal and the tone
Is h<»nvy and depressed. Jobbers refuse to deal
until the settlement is over.
Americans are not traded in at all practically.
Such market as there Is is simply an arrange
ment of accounts which are completed by sales
for weak men a or 4 points below the ruling
prices. No big failures are expected now, how
ever.
NBW YORK, May 14.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram sp.ys: ¦
London Market.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— To-day's statement
Of the Treasury balnnces shows: Available
cash baltince, $168,879,781; gold, $97,241,785.
Condition of tllb Treasury.
NEW YOniC, May 14.— Money on call, firm
at 4'xG per cent; last loan, 414 per cent; nilltiK
rate, 6 per cent. Prime metvnntllo paper, 4fl>
4'» 1* i" cent. Rterllng ••vIhhikm nasl*>r, with
actual business in bunkers.' bills at $4 KR'-i 1 MVfc
for demand Mid nt l> xwi/iii MH for sixty day*,
l'nMrii rates, It s.',m/,,4 on. Cnmmertilsl bills,
M xvi/ai 84. Hllver .•-itlilrnir h, mi,., Mar B u.
vit, Mi\i>. Mexican dollars, 4s',&<\
Hontls— Onvernment, stronK; Hlote, weak;
riillnmil, wenk.
Nczu York Money Market.
Do prefd imi Franklin 17ft
U K Steel 41V£ Humboldt 30
Do prefd 90 Osceola 85
Oen Electric 219 Parrot 61
Ed Elec III ....255 Qutncy 1C5
Mexican Central... 2U4 Snnta Fo Copper... 7
N K Gas & Coke.. 11 Tamarack 320
Old Dominion 31 Utah MInin* 2»
rtubber 20 Wlnonti 3
Union Paelflo 10314 Wolverines M
Union Land SVi
Money— West End 94
Call loans 4 ©.* Bonds-
Time loans i l Mio Atchlson 4s ...101%
Stocks— N E Gas & C os.. C2H
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 67 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 92H Adventure lii'/a
American Sugar. ..140 Blngham Min Co.. 23
Do prefd 120 Amalg Copper 111V4
BoHton & Albany. .255 Atlantic 80
Boston Elevated.. .178 . Boston & Mont. ...445
Boston & Maine. ..190 Butte & Boston... .103
Chi B & Q 1S!»U Calumet & Ilecla.,830
Dominion Coal S3V» Centennial 27V4
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
6.500 Reading 1st prefu 71*:
9.H0O Heading 2d prefd 45iJ
1,200 st Loula & Kan Francisco 4j'
....... Kt Louis & San Francl3CO 1st pfd.. 80
2,103 fit Louis A San Francisco 2d prefd. 64'-i
2.200 St Louis Southwestern 31
3,100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 57>4
28.81)0 st Paul 7. 14»
700 SI Puul prefd 185Vi
67,700 Southern Pacific 44Vi
41,60.) Southfin Xhilway 25%
11, 4)0 KruitlH'in Hnllway prefd 79» t
i.tro Toi st l a w ;. nij
1.200 Toi Bt L & W prefd 32»i
10,1)00 Texan & Pacific 41
20«,ioa Union Pacific 103%
R.ioo Union Pacific prefd ...: f9%
1,000 WdbBHh 171/4
8.SO0 Wabosh prefd 83
1,810 Wheeling & Lake Brl<» 15V4
1.7M Whccllnic A I-dk-si Krle 2d prefd.. 27V4
8,000 Wisconsin Central 18Vi
1.2.00 Wisconsin 'Contml pp»fd.. 41
Kxprrss (^ompunifs—
Adams 180
American 18S
600 United fitntfs 80
Wells F/irgo 140
MIsrellHncnus—
80. CCO Amalgamated. Copper Ill'
4,100 American Car & Foundry... 234
900 American Car & Foundry prefd 7«H
11.300 American Linseed Oil 18U
7.100 American Llnteed Oil nrefd 43
8.000 American Smelting & kef 54?fc
1.0C0 American Smelting & ltef profd (•&
lft.900 Amerlcnn TohHceo 121
3.4C0 Anaconda Mining Co 45
81.6C0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70%
r.00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 88»i
2,700 Connoltdated Oas 209
18.GC0 Continental Tobncco 63 j
1,800 Contlnpntal Tobacco prefd 10&V4
2.200 General Klectrlc 220
300 Glucose Sugar 56
300 Hocking Coal 16%
1,800 International Power 80
1.C00 International Paper 20
400 International Paper prefd 75
Lnclede Gas 82 ,
l.JCO National Biscuit 40>/i
20O National Lead 16U
. 600 National Salt 43
3C0 National Salt prefd 77
600 North American SOft
Pacific Coast .'....—. Do
1.0(K) Pacific Mail 33
17,400 People's Gag -'. 106>.i
1.200 Pressed Steel Car.... 42
1.200 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3
200 Pullman Palace Car 200
2.700 Republic Steel 17
1,200 Republic Steel prefd 72
17,400 Sugar 139%
4.600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62
200 Union Bas & P 13
ICO Union Bag & P prefd 67%
11,500 United States Leather 12
2,100 United States Leather prefd 75
700 United States Rubber ., 20%
United States Rubber prefd 61%
143.100 United States Steel 41»»
105,900 United States Steel prefd 90
5,800 Wet^rn Union 90
1.218,700 Shafts sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 10614 NYC lsts 107%
Do coupon 106V4 N J C gen 5s 132
Do 3b reg 109 N Pacific 3s 71U
Do 3s coupon. ...109 Do 4s 105H
Do new 4s reg...l38 N Y C & St L 4s..107>i
Do new 4s coup. 138 N & W con 4s 100
Do old 4a •reg....-imi Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup..H3ii Do 4s ».. .104*4
Do '5s reg 10S»i Or Short Line 6S..127
Do 5s coupon.... J08*i Do con 5s.. 116
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .125V4 Reading gen 4s.... 94
Atchlson gen 4s...lO2Vi R G W lets 101V4
Do adj 4s S4V4 St L & I M con 5s. 115
Canada So 2ds 10S St L & S'F gen 6s. 134
Ches & O 4^s 105 St Paul cons 190
Do 5s 120 St P C & P lsts-.-HS 1 /*
Chi & N con 7s...l3SVi Do 5s 120
Do S F deb &B..121V" S Pacific 4s 91V6
Chicago Term 4s.. 94 S Railway 5s LieVi
Colorado So 4s 84 Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R O 4s 102 Tex & Pao lsts 119
Erie gen 4s 87 Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts. ..106 U Pacific 4s 106%
Gen Electric 5s...,l$5',£ Wabanh lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts ."/.. 117% Do 2ds 110^
L & N unl 4s lC2»,i West Shore 4s 11414
M K & T 2ds S1V4 Wise Cent lsts 8D
Do 4s 98Vi Va Centuries 93V4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 13
Alice '40.Ontarlo 8 00
Breece 1 60 Ophlr /.... 80
Brunswick Con IS Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 00
Con Cal & Va 2 05 Savage w .... 12
Dead wood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada...;.. 20
Horn Silve> 1 10 Small Hopes "50
Iron Silver 68 Standard ..3 85
Leadvllle Con OCi
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 14.— Whtat opened weak on
disappointing cablte; July, ?i€V»c to Uc lower
at 71'4c to 71«4®71%c. • Offerings were mostly
local holdings. Kenprts of damaged crops in
tho West, Southwest and Northwest from con
tinued'dry weather nave an impetus to the
bull clement to begin buying and the opening
decline was 'speedily rhecked. Then began an
upward movement, caused by buyers. The
lulk of tho traJIny. however, was by those
who hfcd sold on the opening depression. The
price gradually advanced to 72Hc when reports
of rain in Oklahoma and. predictions of rain
In Southern Kansas i farted a reaction. The
market fell steadily to 71c. closing weak and
Tie lower at 71Q71V4C. . ...
Corn opened Irregular but under bull manip
ulation tho price boon advanced. It eaiied oil
with wheat, Jiily closing frm and a shade
lower at 44Hc. May corn. was Inactive, 'clos
ing firm and 2Vic higher at f'4e.
Oats were strong end active with more
trading thnn either wheat or corn. Poor crop
reports and locil buying sent the short* to
cover. The close was firm, July Ho higher at
27% c» ¦
Provisions were dull but strong in sympathy
with oats and corn. July pork clowd 6c high
er, lard 12V4c higher and ribs a »h«d« hljsher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. INsh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ' ..„' „„./
May 71H 72 70H 70%
July 7174 12M 71 7U4
Corn No.' 2— . ,„ ..
SSI? :::::::::::::::: -8h ?. $ » h
September H% « «H ¦ ««
Oati NO. 2 f ¦ „,,
September 25% 26% 2oH 26
Mess Pork, rer bbl— . . .,,,
jS ::::::::::::::::ii'77V4 um un urft
Sentember 14 45 14 67V4 14 45 14 65
Mav rd> Per 10 ° lb V87H 7 90 7 87V4 7 90
,MS'«. K .--.T,n» ..& .p
BgptembVr ".:::::::: 7§o 7 85 ?m"»w
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 3 spring wheat. 69#71Hc: No. 2 red. 70%@
71'ic; No. 2 corn, 52©53%c; No. 2 yellow, £2©
53V4c No. 2 oats. 2S\i(g28%c; No. 2 white, 2Sc;
K<?. 3 white. 28V4«29i4c; No. 2 rye. 52c; good
feeding barley. 52<£f,5c : fair to i choice malting.
66@57c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 73>^; No. 1 North
western, $1 73%; prime timothy seed, $3@3 o5
mess pork, per bbl. $14 60@14 6o; lard. P|r 100
lbs. $7 87%@7 90; short ribs sides (loose). $.900
8 10- dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%@7c; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 12^<g8 25.
Articles- ShlP^ me fSo 3 '
Flour, barrels 23,000 2S.00O
Wheat, bushels »2.000 182.0CO
Corn, bushels 238.000 811.000
Oats, bushels 33o.000 268.000
Ry. bushels 11.J00 33.0C0
Barley, bushels 4.000 00 '
On. the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams. ( ! M d *' rle8 '
ll@16c. Cheese, 9U@llc. Eggs. 10H@H%c.
Berries;. of all kinds areflrm. and with the
exception of Strawberries receipts are mea-
Reclpts of Cherries are slowly* Increasing,
bu 1 are still light, and prices continue hlsli In
consequence. Very few Apples ' aro comlns
in. Apricots bring good '• prices enough, " but
thrt - demand for them Is not active. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, , full cream. : 8V4c; choice,
8c; common, nominal ; Young Americas,' 10c;
Eastern, full cream. 14@13c per lb.
.EGGS— ¦ ¦¦• '¦ ' '
-California Ranch— Selected White, 14^c;
mixed colors. 13c . per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13c; standard,
12ijc; seconds, — — .
Dairy — Extras, 16ci firsts, 15c; seconds,
store, 13c. .'¦ . .
Prices for all descriptions stand about the
same. Butter Is not as weak as it haa been,
as the liberal packing haa reduced the sur
plus. Cheese Is ¦ coming in • freely | and Is In
large supply and weak. Stocks of Eggs con
tinue'large.' and it takes a fine large white
Egg to bring the top quotation, and then only
In a small way. ¦ ¦ • • •
Receipts were 66,900 pounds and 139 tubs "of
Butter, 1511 cases Eggs. ,1207 cases Eastern
Egg*. 15,450 pounds. California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS. I
BUTTER— Creamery. ' 17%©18c per lb for
fancy 'and 16&@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16&c
per lb. -
CHEESE— New, ' SViOO'/ic; i old. nominal.
EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14c per dozen.
. DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
' BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@Uc for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150®
175; Goslings, $1 50@2; Ducks, $3 50(^4 50 for
old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens. $11} 5; young
Roosters, $8 50@8; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers.
$3@6; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and $2@3 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs. . '
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush. !
¦ Another car of Eastern Poultry was put on.
Local stock Is weak, especially Hens and
small young fowl. Whatever changes are
made are generally In the direction of lower
prices. The demand Is nothing extra.
Poultry and Game.
VHOKTAULKR-llhulmrb, 40c©$l per bdx;
Aspurnffus, $1 f>iir« i 7S fur large, 7ScQ$l 23 i»t
bt)x for No. 1 and 2.WC0c for No. 3: Green Peas,
75i"tf ?1 per sack; Garden l'ens, 2c; String Beans,
2Wn U\ for Los Angoles and ;i'(T«i! for Vacavllle;
llorso Ueans, nixi/noo per sack; Cabbage, 90o
Imt ctl; Tomatoun, Mexican, $1 S.Vifl 60 per
crate; from Los Angrles; 60r.il|$l 25; Dried Pep>
prrs. 12®18cj Dry Okra, 16c per lb; Carrots.
25iU3r>c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 30£f73a
1>t dozen; Garlic, 8 © 10c per lb for old and Co
for new; Oreen Peppers, 6©So per lb; Egtf
Plant. l(Xffl5c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 60rCf$l 23 p«r sack
Auitrnllnns. Jobbing, nt Him M); Green Onions,
luStmu tior box; N*-w K«l, 7Sc(f/$t per sack.
nrrATOrcS—rcftrly Rose, Mc©fl: Burbanks,
7r.uC$l 10 for Hlver and $1 2otfl 60 for Oregon:
iiiuimt Chll«s, |1 I.ViM CO; ftweots, r.iKfpMU for
Mrrced: New t'utnlops, I(tt2o per Ib,
UfVftptH wrn> ir.77 boxes Asparagus, 431 boxes
Rhubnrh, S00 sacks Day Teas and 80u sacks
Hiring Henri*,
AspnramiN hn« twrn declining for some days
arid Is now very weak. Th.« ¦nmo. may bo anlil
uf Ithubitrb and Hiring ]l«ans. Other Vtgo
tnMi'n am In sufficient supply at nornml price*,
(Jrcoit Corn fnnn Winters sold at GOu por
do/mi, • .
Old Potatoes are again quoted ftrm, being
controlled by on© or two dealers. Now are Also
quoted flrmrr. Now Onions seem rather wenker
again, whllo Australians are In light demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 6033; Canary, SViW
S%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2®
2Vfce: Hemp, 3He; Timothy. 6V4e.
DUIBD 1'KAS— Nile*. $2©2 60; Green, $2 700
8 per ctl; Ulackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 43©2 60; Small White. $1 90
(fi3; Large White. $l*/4 20; Pink, $1 60@l 80;
Red, $303 25; Blackeye, $3 10®3 25; LlttiaB, $6 25
0«i 33- Pea, nominal: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
' Pinks and- Bayos are the only Beans to show
any particular movement. Llmaa are scarce
and firm. White descriptions continue firm
enough, but are,, not moving very briskly.
There Is nothing new In Seeds, the market be
ing nominal and very quiet. ¦¦- - K
Beans and Seeds.
A car of new Volunteer Oat Hay. green and
slightly touched by rain, sold, at $7 per ton.
The range on this class of new Hay is $708.
Old Hay is steady and unchanged. Feedstuffs
are quoted at previous prices.
BRAN— $16 3OCT17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60019 GO Per ton...
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@1S per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal.
127 C0<S2S; Cracked Corn. $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$15®18.
HA Y-«- Volunteer. $5@8;- Wheat, $lligi3: Wheat
and Oat, $9<S!12; Oat, $9@11 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. JS09 50: Barley. '$7 50®9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47Hc per bale.
liny and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (3 15@3 25;
Oregon. |2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', 12 75
®2. .
¦ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour,' $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hom
iny. $3 7504; Buckwheat Flour. $4® 4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 33
@7 83: in sacks. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, |6 50 per 100 Ib3.
Flour 'and Millstuifs:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 20C0 ctls,
70%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70%c;
2CC0. 70%c.
OATS— The market is very dull at present,
but owing to the extremely slender stocks the
'feeling continues firm. White. $1 37V4@1 55;
Surprise, nominal; Red,. $1 35@1 45; Black,
$1 17'/4@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Dealers quote previous prices, with
light- stocks and a limited demand. Small round
Yellow $1 50@l 60; Eastern Yellow/ $1 27&@
1 30: White. $1 33; mixed. $1 25@1 27%.
RYE— 80^82^0 per ctl. The market continues
dull.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63 per ctl, ex
warehouse.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot business contin
ues more or lees nominal at 33s, usual options,
with 36s 3d for handy Mzed carriers. The char
tered wheat fleet In pert has a registered ton
nage of 28.870, agalnet 27,170 tons on the same
dntft last year: disengaged, 4944 tons, against
6026: on the way to this port, 168.850 tons,
acalnst 170,450. . 4r
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firmer,
with an advance In futures.'
A private cable from Odessa reported serious
crop damags In Southern Russia. Hradstreet's
gave the stock* on hand as -follows: Enfct of
the Rockies, decrease, 1.8R7.0O0 bushels: Europe
and afloat. Increase, 1,200,000; total decrease,
157.000 bushels.
Chicago opened steady but declined, Specu
lation was chiefly In W\* conrso grains. It wm
clear and dry In the Southwest, but later on
there were showers In Oklahoma and reported
rain In Kansas, which Dtarted some selling,
especially for Southwestern account. There was
a good cash business.
In this market both shipping anil future
prices wero off.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1; milling. $1 02HO
1 06 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—
40CO ctls $1 03%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls. $1 C3%; 46,000. $1 034.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 03%;
2000. $1 O3V4. S
BARLEY— The market continues neglected
and local millers seem to be the only buyers,
and their purchases are limited. The fesllng
continues weak.
Feed. 75@77V4c for No. 1 and 70®72%c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
85c; Chevalier, nominal. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange.' CO days — - J4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 89
Sterling Cabjes — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12V4
Silver, per ounce — ' 59ft
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49'.$ © 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TACOMA, May II.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 61c; club, 69c.
PORTLAND. May 14.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 59@59Vic.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14U13c for strictly
prime to 'fancy washed: ll^ifflSVic for prime
Washed; ll@lHic for good washed; HH@13c for
good to prime washed peaberry: lOfillVjc for
good to prime peaberry: 10%©HHc for good to
prime: 9@10c for good current mixed with
black beans; 8U@Mic for fair: 6<ft79ic for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— 120134c for strict
ly prime washed; 9®ll%c for good to prime
washed; 8<3%%c for fair washed; lOH^^c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 8Vi@9c for
good to prime semi-washed; 8%@ST»c for su
perior unwashed: &98Uc for good green un
washed; 9@9%c for good to .superior unwashed
neaberry; 6<8)7V&c for common ' to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12©15c for prime to fancy washed;
9<®llHc for fair to strictly good washed:: 7*i@
8&e for good to superior unwashed; 9@9^c for
good to -prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— 12@13Hc for prime to fancy
washed: 10%@ll%c for strictly good washed;
9%@10%c for good washed; 8@9'.£c • for fair
washed; 7Vi@7 ! Jic for medium; 5%@"c for in
ferior to ordinary; 10Hmz%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9i@9%c nora. for good . to
prime unwashed peaberry: 8@S?4c nom. for
good to sur>erior unwashed. . • -
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@S2c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@30c; Sole Leather, light.
25@28c; Rough leather, heavy. 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, •25@26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
S8@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium, 30@37c: Harness Leather,
light, 29@35c: Skirting. 36®40c: Collar Leather.
]S@16c per foot; Kip. unfinished, 40030c per lb-
Veal, nnished. 50®55c; Calf, finished. 75c@$l 20-
Sides, finished, 16@17c • per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14@16c: Rouffh Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $:G@2S per ton; Stick,
$18(fi~20 per dprd. . i
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled
75c; raw, 73c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases. 85c: China
Nut. 55<8«5c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels. 65c; case*. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil. natural. white. 37H®42Hc per gallon; Fish
Oil in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
We; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
10c; Kxtra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene 21c
deodorized stove Gasoline, ta bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21c: Benzine, In bulk, 14c; In cases »0c >
SG-degrrie Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 65c per gallon Jn cases and
49c In drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Le«d. 7«»
7%e- per lb; White Lead. 7S7»ic, according to
quantity.' • ¦
. SALT-H. R. H. Is quoted al J1S 73 per ton
In large Backs and $19 75 In 50a. Liverpool Is
quoted at $17013 50 for the best and $14 50<S15 25
for lower irradeii. Hlg«rln»'. $27 BO&3O p«r ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 60047 pe«" fla»k for local
use and $46(947 for export.
SUGAR— The refinery announces that from
now on tho price of Fruit Granulated will b<s
"White Seal." 8%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy. Bone
less, 9c; 2-lb boxes, do, 7V&c: desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7 73;
do, half-barrels, each, $4 75. • • •
PACIFIC CODFISH— The market Is very
firm, with light stocks everywhere. Bundles,
per lb, Sc; cases, regular, G.SOs; do, extra large,
5.75c; do. Eastern- style, 6.50c: Boneless, 7c:
"Norway," 7c: "Narrow Gauge." 7c: "Silver
King." 7ftc; blocks, "Orlenta.1," G%c; do. "Sea
bright," 7c: tablets, 7.14c; middles, 7%c: do.
CORDAOB — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal size. 10c; Hale Rope. 9!ic: Duplex. Sc.
Terms, 60 days, or Hi per cent cash discount,
liots of 10.000 lbs, le lens.
COAL-WelllnKton, |9 por ton; Routhflpld
WelllnRton, $8; (Seattle, 17; Bryant, Id SO; Coos
Hay, t3 60; WatUend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, j:i; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
snrks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
net, $10 per ton; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks i Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 CO per ton, accord
ing to brand.
CANNED FnUITS-Kxtrns In Jtf-lb tins art
quoted nil follows: Apricots, $1 Co; ChcrrlM, «
for black and 12 for noy&l Anne; Grapes, II 3A.
ivnchrs. Cn-iiv "; |v,in., $1 83; Plums, 11 1'ott
1 40; gulnces.ll C; titrawbortie*, 11 73.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN iiAUH-Hnn Qutntln Dags, IS (8; Cal
cutta Grain Dags, «M[7c: local rnnkt. Ho Usa
thnn Calcuttnsj Wool Bogs, 80Q3lc; Fle»e«
Twlno, 7W©8o.
The range In Mutton U wider, as there ts
now more difference In th« quality of the
sheep. Average prices remain about the same,
however. There Is no particular change. In
Heef. Lamb and Veal. Hogs continue weak,
ii m the local packer* are doing -their beat to
buy them at lower quotations.
iinEF-7<gi%c for Steers and «S«J4c per lb for
VEAL— Largo. THCSc: small, ItWe p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethem, 7tt«fSftc; Ewes, 7®7%o
per pound.
LAM n— Spring. SHflSe per pound.
PORK— Llvn Hogs, ISO lbs nnd und«r, d'if?
6H4c; 180 to 228 lbs. 6Uo; 225 and over, 6c; feed
ers, — ; dressed Hogs, 7UK9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4o under quotalons. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c: medium. 9c: light. SfJSttc: Cow
Hides, 8V-c for heavy and 8V4c for light; Stag*.
6Uc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9i89Vic; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 13V4ffl4c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 16<ei7c: Culls and Brands.
13@14c: •Sheepskins, shearlings. 15©30c each;
short Wool. S0@5Uc each; medium, 60<g73c; long
Wool. S0c<3$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for
large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1Q1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, |1 25 for medium. {1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth uOc; medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4*£c per lb; No. 2,
3'/iii(?4c; grease, 2(£?2Vic.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or * 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15®>16c per lb; Northern, free, 12ig>
13c- defective, 9® lie; Middle County, free, 10@
lie; <lo. defective, SSlOc; Southern,- 12 months,
8©flc; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective. 7 months, 7®?c; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
©16c; do. medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon.
Kastern, choice, 12@14o; do, fair to good, 9<&llc;
Nevada, lC©12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per. lb.
Hides are steady, and stocks are not as large
as they have been. Quotations show no change,
one way or the other.
Local dealers are reporting a better "Wool
market than for months. The demand Is good,
especially for bright shipping grades, which
are now well cleaned up. Some old clips are
belnc taken, but not at full rates. It Is no
trouble to sell now, if selers will meet buy
ers half way.
The situation in Hops remains unchanged.
Buyers would willingly make contracts for the
new crop, but the growers are shy and in
clined to wait until their goods are baled be
fore selling.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12}i©13c for light medium, 13^c for light. 14%c
for extra light and 15>,ic for sugar-cured ; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: Mem Beef, $12 per
barrel; extra Mess,»$12 50; Family. $11 60; prime
Mess Pork, $13: extra clear, $23; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef, 13V4@l»c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and lOHc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll'ie; 6-lb tins, HHc.
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel, S%c; three
half-abrrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
SVfcc; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Dealers report a dull market at tilt moment,
but they expect Increased activity from now
on, as the harvest demand will soon set In.
Prices remain as before.
Provisioiis.
itAIUlNS-Th" Rat»ln» Growers' Association
has established the following prices; Bleached
Thompson's fancy, lie per Ib; cholct, lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son'*. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lfl 1 ** P' r
1b; choice, 9Wc; standard. 8%c; prim*. 8c; un
bl-Mchcd Sultanas, te; S*edle*s, M-lb boxes,
6Hc: 4-crown, "c; 3-crewn. 6lie; 2-crown, ec.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, BUc, and
4-crown, 6V4e: seeded Fresno prices), one;
Iioinlon Layers. 2-crown. fl 60 per box; 3
crown. $1 CO; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. tl B0;
Imperial, 13. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lCflllc; No.
2. 7Vi*?8c: No. 1 hardshell, 10c: No. 2. Sft'c:
Almonds. 137114c for papershell. KKJllc for soft
shell and 5«6c for hardshell; Peanut*. 5i36c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, HSllVic; Filberts,
12t?12Hc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 dOiga.
HONEY-Comb. 12©12>4c for bright and 11^
IHjc for light amber; water whlta extracted,
6'e6c; light amber extracted, 4Q£c; dark, 3ft
<t<4c.
BEESWAX— 2:©2Sc p^r lb.
PRUNES-4 sizes. Sc: 40-Ws. «Uc: M-«Cn. 4Vie
W-700, 3%c: 70-60*. 3V4c; 80-90s. Z'ie; 9>-l<!i'»
2Uc; 10O-120s, IUp.
FnUITS-Aprleots. m'Me for noyals; Evapo
rated Apples, 43«e; min-dried. lV*C2c; reaches.
3Vi«4c for ttandnrd. 4W«5V4o for cholc« and 6A
CV4c for fancy: Pears. 2©7c; Hums, pitted. 3V4*»
Xc; unpitted, l*Jl%c; Nectarintf, 4{J4Hc tor red
and iGSe for white.
Fruit* Nut» and Raisins are reported sl^w
at unchanged prices, though there I* a mod
crate outgo all tho time.
Fair sales of new Honey are reported at the
quotations. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
* APRJCOTS— From Tumi and Vacavllle. $1©
CHERRIES-^-Recelpts were 2302 b .°* e . s « ""l
ing at 25@85c per box for red and foc«ni w
STRAWBERRIES— $7@10 P" chest for Long
worths and *4<S« for large berries. Receipts
were 277 chests and 5S4 crates. The latter sola
at JlQl 15 per crate.
BLACKBERRIES— Frcm Covlna. P CT
crate; flora Newcastle, $2 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— 75c@$l per drawer; from
Newcastle. $2 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES-2S<34Cc per- drawer.
CURRANTS— 73SS0c per crate and BocGJl per
drawer. • ¦ ' • _.„, '.„
ClTKtTS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. '£<gjZ $£
Seedlings. 6nc«?U 50: Tangerine*. 5 ? c^*i_-r;
Lemons. 75c© Jl 25 for common and $1 50«2 jo
for good to choice; Grape Fruit. Wc'rfll nox
Mexican Limes. $1&4 50; Bananas. $1 2o<82 oU
per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25«2 for
Honolulu; Pineapples. $2#3 £0 per dozen.
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CAJ.L, WEDNESDAY, MAY, 15; 1901.
. APPLES— Eastern, , |2 W®2 75 per box; local,
rreen. — . . • * . • •-;
ger. ' >_.urrn.niH mane a hkiu diiowiiis ,. ana
Gooseberries , are dull.
.Oranges continue firm under light supplies.
About 8 cars are announced for to-day's auc
tion. Lemon* and Limes show- little change. :
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
12
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
EASTERN MARKETS.
I p^ttneS— 3^®7c per pound.. as to size and
quality. ' 1 : ' ,*¦
. Royal. 8%@12c; Moorpark, 8k®
12c' ¦ • ~
PEACHES— Peeled. 12>4@20c; unpeeled. 6V4®
10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
l i>ast I inis I JL.aFt
STATIOXS. 24 Hours Season. I Season.
I !
Eureka 45.53 4S.J5
Red Bluff .... 24.21 22.94
Sacramento 19.5,2 20.24
San Francieco 20.51 18.42
Fresno 11.06 10.27
Independence £.85 3.65
San Luis ObUpo.... Trace 30.85 17.20
[y» Angeles 15.68 7.91
5an Diego Trace 11.25 S.89
l i>ast I inis I JL.aFt
STATIOXS. 24 Hours Season. I Season.
I !
Eureka 45.53 4S.J5
Red Bluff .... 24.21 22.94
Sacramento 19.5,2 20.24
San Francieco 20.51 18.42
Fresno 11.06 10.27
Independence £.85 3.65
San Luis ObUpo.... Trace 30.85 17.20
[y» Angeles 15.68 7.91
5an Diego Trace 11.25 S.89
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
fc» EXECUTOR'S SALE. $*»
I will sell the contents of th* late A. HableV
etables. s7> >'oittcm st.. Friday. May I., at
11 a. m.. c;."»:stins of horses, carriages, bun-
gle*, surreys, wagons, harness, robes, office fu-
tures, etc. Sale peremptory.
JOHN J. DOTTLE. Auctioneer.
Offiiv.- 127 Sixth st.Over three hundred guests attended the
annual reception of the alumni of the
University of California at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art last night. The
affair was strictly Informal . and began
with an orchestral promenade concert un
der the direction of Henry Heyman. Dur
ing the rendition of a number of selections
the guests admired the many beautiful
works of art which the Institute contains.
At 10 o'clock the guests adjourned to
the new "Searles Hall" and listened to
speeches designated on the programme as.
"spirit messages." "The Spirit of the
Occasion" was the theme of C. S. Greene,
president of the alumni. President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler spoke on the "Univer
sity Spirit." in which he exhorted the
members of the alumni to work hard for
the welfare of their alma mater.. Otbpr
speeches were: "Spirit of '76," Dr. H. M.
Pond; "Spirit of To-Day," May L. Che
ney; "Spirit of the Future," M. Butler,
president of class of 1901.
The committee having the affair In
charge was composed of the trustees of
the alumni— Charles S. Greene, Francis
Dunne. Anson P. Blake and T. A. Per
kins. The following named ladles consti
tuted the reception committee: ¦
Mr. and Sirs. L. W. Cheney. Mr. and Mrs.
Alexander Morrison. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Tur
ner, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Olney, William Gor
rill. Miss Annie Brown, Miss Elllie Muller.
Miss Asnes Frisius, Miss Grace Fisher. Miss
Mabel Craft. Fred Buttons, Dr. Leon Bur
chard, Lculs de F. Bartlett, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Koch,' Mrs. Thomas Haven, Miss Eva Powell,
Miss Rose Ryan and G. Russell Lukens.
Speaks.
Pleasant Affair at Hopkins Institute
at Which President Wheeler
MANT ATTEND RECEPTION
OF UNIVERSITY ALUMNI
COMBINATION FORMED ¦ ;•
OF. STEEL COMPANIES
Outside Concerns Are Uniting 1 With
a Capital cf Two Hundred
Millions.
CHICAGQ, May 14.— The Chronicle^tb
morrow will say:- v ,*'<¦"
-~A -combination of '.the outside steel con
cerns, with, a capital of 5200,000,000; Is* said
to be in progress of promotion by johfl i \V.
Gates, John Lambert and Isaac L; Ell
wood, the promoters and organizers of the
American Steel and "Wire Company. The
concerns to be gathered into the new com
bine are the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany, the Republic Iron and Steel Com
pany, the Pennsylvania Steel Com
pany and the Tennessee Coal and Iron
Company. The aggregate capital of these
concerns is $135,000,000.
The Morgan combination has been seek
ing -to affiliate one and all of them at vari
ous times, and negotiations had advanced
almost to the point of completion when
the stock market broke last week and
spoiled the arrangements.
HEW FREIGHT BOATS
. FOR ORIENTAX TRADE
Hamburg- American Steamship Line
Negotiating With the Santa Fe
for Railroad Facilities.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The Staats
Zeitung to-morrow will say that nego
tiations are drawing to a close between
the Hamburg- American line and the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad
Company to establish, in conjunction
with that transcontinental road, a steam
ship line" between 'San Francisco and the
Far East, ! touching Honolulu, Yokoha
ma, Hongkong and Shanghai. Within a
year a line of freight steamers will be
running and six steamships of sixteen
knots' speed will be contracted for and
put in service for passengers within two
years. The acquisition of the Atlas line
of West India steamers was a mere de
tail of this plan.
Colleges in San Francisco is as follows:
Hastings College of Law (Bachelor of Laws)—
Thomas Dickey Aitkln, San Francisco; Phil
Brendt Arnold, Ph. B., Colusa: James ' Hall
Bishop, San Francisco; Thomas Porter Bishop,
Ph. B., San Francisco: Hugh Barr Bradfcrd,
B. L., Bruceville; William Aloysius Breen, A.
B.'San Francisco; Everett John Brown, Ph.
B., Oakland; John Quincy, Brown, Ph. B . San
Frarcisco; Charles Marcellus Bufford, M. A.,
San Francisco; John James Callaghan, Liver
more; Charles Strother Chandler, A. B... Baker
City, Oregon; -Allen Lawrence Chickerin?, A.
B., Oakland; Herbert Eugene Clayburgh, Ph.
B.y San Franclsc*; Edward Ignatius Coftey,
San Francisco; Samuel Milton Crim, San Fran
cisco; Oliver Dibble, Ph. B., San Francisco;
Marie Cecilia Dillon, San Francisco; John Wil
son Douglass, Hanford; Dennis Maxwell Duffy,
A. B.. Austin, .Nevada; William. Ede, A. B.,
San Francisco; Perry Evans, B. L., San Fran
cisco; George Franklin Gill. Tulare City; Al
fred Ephriam Goldsten, San Francisco; Frank
James Hennessy, A. B., San Joee; Guy Hln
ton, M. A., San Francisco; Roy Gage Hudson,
San Francisco; John Louis Armand Jaunet, A.
B., Pinole; Edwin McMurray, Woodland;
James Diven Meredith, Auburn; Charles Louis
Neumlller, Stockton; Hartley FIske Peart, B.
L., Woodland; Frank Edward Powers, Vallejo.;
Mag-gle Adella Ross, B. S., San Francisco;
Harry Francis Sullivan, San Francisco; Law
rence Talcott "Wagner, A. B., San Francisco;'
George Erastus Weaver, San Francisco;' Wil
liam Joseph Weyand. Colusa: Handel Hart
Zobel and Brooke Maynard Wright.
Medical Department (Doctor ' of Medicine) —
Edgar Allen Arthur, Wilfred Fenton Beerman,
Ph. G.; Kate Isabel Brady, A. B.; Walter
Murray Dickie, Ph. B. ; Ralph Orlando Drcaser,
John Nlvison Force, B. So.; Harold Phillips
Hill, A. B. ; Reuben Chandler Hill, Mary Fran
ces Kavanagh, Milton Byrne Lennon, A. M. ;
John Vaughan . Leonard, William Klr.kade
Lindsay, Rasmus Iranspn Madsen, A. B. ;
Florence McCoy, B. S. ; Frederic Lincoln Mor
ong. William James Murphy, George Philip
Purlenky, Ph. G. ; Fletcher Greene Sanborn.
Lionel Samuel Schmitt, James Walter Seawell.
Haydn Mozart Simmons, Ph; O. ; Hudson
Smythe, George William Sweetser, Th. G. ;
Benjamin Thomas, A. M. ; Joseph Michael
Toner, John Lysander White. Chester Howard
Woolfiey, B. 8., and Una. Yone Yanaglaawa,
B. . L.
Dental Department (Doctor of Dental Sur
gery)—George Smythe Alkcn, Pala, Maul Isle,
H. I. ; Domenlco Antonio Albert!, San Francis
co; Charles Stuart Ayres, -Oakland; Adolph
Baer, B. L., B. S., San Francisco; Julius Baer,
San Francisco: Thomas Ira Cook Barr, San
Rafael; John Clifford Baxter, Independence:
Edward Lee Betterton. San Francisco; Samuel
Daniel Block, San Francisco; Ralph Ellis
Burns, San Jose iijoseph Anthony Carew, San
Francisco: Jesse Chllton, Santa Anna; George
Samuel Connor, Dixon; Archibald Younger
Dick, Woodland; James Severlno Domenlconl,
San Franciscb; Martin Espinosa. Sausallto;
Percy de.Will Gaskill. Oakland; Harry Everet
Bates, Sacramento; Maurice Louis Green, Ala
meda: Adolph K. Marshall, San Francisco;
Horace Noble Henderson. Berkeley;. El wood
Falrbalrn Herbert, San Francisco; Oliver Jos
eph Howard, Fresno; Anna Lee Hudpens, Den
ver, Col.: Walter Ernest Janke, San Francisco;
Charles Henry Jurgens, Oakland; Henry Bur
ton Knox, Oakland; Lee Valentine Levlngrer,
Paso Robl.es; Walter French Lillard, .Dlxon;
James Albert Lindsay, Sacramento: Edwin
Henry Mauk, Watsonville; James McGough,
Boonville; John Fred Orville McMath, Oakland;
Guy Stillman Mlllberry. San Francisco; Joseph
France Novitsky, San Francisco; Edward Wil
liam O'Brien, Wadsworth, Nev. ; Eugene de
Shong Painter, San Francisco; • Percy Stuart
Regnart, Santa, Clara; Edward Jack Rinckel,
Carson City, Nev.; Guy Rogers, San Francisco;
Ralph Bartholomew Scheler, San Francisco;
Frank William Seydel, Wheatland; William
Shepard, Alameda; Fred James Selford, Marys
ville: Frederick William Stapff,- San Francisco;
Henry Stuart Stern, Arcata: John Lyons Sulli
van, Yuba City; Anna Christina Frpnk Wag
ner, Austin. Nev. ; Jay Fxemont Wilson. Santa
Cruz; Roy Irving Woolsey, Berkeley; Chapman
M. White Jr.. Chico.
California College of Pharmacy (Graduate
In Pharmacy)— Marquis- de Lafayette Barrett,
Newcastle; Harry Irving Blackman, San Fran
cisco; John Marvin Booher, Maxwell; Arthur
Brett Clapp, Covina; Philip. Scott Clapp, Co
vina: William Henry Dunlap, Amador; Orin
Eastland. San Francisco; Oecar Harrison Ed
inger, Santa Ana; Fred Chester "Englesby,
Watertown, S. D.;John William Joseph;En
right, San Francisco; -Theoaore- Emmet Far
rell, San Francisco; Francis - Xavier Fleming,
Pomona: Clark" Merrill Foote, San Francisco;
John Henry Franklin., Gllroy: Gustave -Adolph
Griesche, Berkeley; Fayette Harris, San Fran
cisco; John Dante Illia. Woodland; John Car
penter James. Sacramento"; Charles Saux Kitz
meyer. Carson, Nev. ; Herman Kronerberg,
San Francisco; Emile Theodore Lacoste., San
Francisco: Elmer Baker Maze, Modesto; Laura
Alice McCord,- Fruitvale; Herbert Leslie Mc-
Donnell, San Francisco ; Thomas Talbot -. Mc-
Guire, Petaluraa; Edward McKlnlay, San
Francisco: Frederick William Nish, San Ber
nardino: George McCamley Oswlll. San Ra
mon; Wftldemar Bruce Philip. Sacramento;
Robert Courtland Ramage, Danville; Stanley
Herbert Robbins, San Francisco; Albert Frank
Sidney Schmidt, San Francisco; John Pitt
Tajrgart. Oakland: Jackson Temple Jr.. Santa
Rosa; Thomas Dollard Trueworthy, Watson
ville; Robert Greenleaf Whltlock. . Quincy;
Maurice John Zlmelll. San Francisco.
Veterinary Department (Doctor of Veter
inary Surgery)— George John Donnelly. .
Under graduate scholarships for the
year 1901-1902 were awarded as follows:
Phebe Hearst' Scholarships— Mary Hannah
Cross Saratoga;' Ruby Lacey Cunningham,
San Bernardino; Sally Agenes Dexter. Little
Shasta; Kathertne Stewart Hannah, Tacoma,
Wash. ; Elizabeth Adelaide, Herrmann, Berke
.ley; Rose Humann, Santa Rosa: Grace Emily
Moody,. Long Beach; Rose Moskowltz. San
Luis Oblspo. .
State of California Scholarships— First. Con
gressional District: William Burt. Albertson,
Buckeye; Henry Hans Mattlesen, You Bet;
Ernest Everett Wood," Auburn. Second Con
gressional District— Rena • Mae Dart, Mendo
clno City? Louis Albert Elmore, Santa Rosa;
Beatrice Urania Hagmayer, Cloverdale; Wal
ter Leroy Hubei\ Grafton. Third Congres
sional District— Fannie H. A very, Berkeley;
John' Morton Eshleman, Berkeley; Nina Me
lissa Farwell, Berkeley. Fourth and Fifth
Congressional Districts (together)— William. John
Allen, Palo Alto; Ella Gertrude Cook. Camp
bell; Ellen McKay Hensel, San Francisco; ¦ J.
Shirley Jones, San Jose; Albert Henry Mow
bray, San Francisco; Annie Silverberg, San
Francisco; James Hugh Wise, San Francisco.
Sixth- Congressional District— Katherine Flor
ence Magneson. Livingston ; Caroline Alden
Nash, Hollister; Effle Josephine Rlgden, Santa
Cruz; Elizabeth Smith Wetmore, Stockton.
Seventh Congressional District— Nathaniel Nel
son Eddy Avalon ; Ethel Blaine Magee". Los
Angeles; Grace Bell Swain, Acton; Helen
Sarah Watson. Colgrove. Eighth Congres
sional District— Ethel Carter. . Wasco: Clinton
Kelly Judy, Hemet; Earl Hamilton McCollls
ter, Santa Barbara.
Levi Strauss Scholars— First Congreslsonal
District— Mary Helen Campbell. Arcata; Mabel
Elizabeth Coddtngton, Auburn; Henry Bert
Glover, Corning; William Eugene Yocom, Blue
Lake. Second Congressional District— Nellie
Frances King. Santa Rosa; John Joseph Mazza,
Nlcasio; Mary Leona Poage, Uklah. Third
Congressional District— Fred Field Goodsell,
Byron: Cora Elizabeth Hampel, Oakland: Flor
ence Trebitt Hudson, Niles; James . Mossln
Koford, Vacaville. Fourth and Fifth Congres
sional Districts (together)— Flora Adelina. Do
menica Bacigalupl, San Francisco r Edward
Gustav Cahill, San Francisco; Monroe Emannel
Deutsch, San Francisco; Anna Herkner, sopho
more, San Jose: Reginald Heber Kelley, San
Francisco: Leslie Wrightson Stocker, . San
Francisco; Ralph Watts Wardwell, sophomore,
San Francisco. Sixth Congressional . District-
Ethel. Bartlett, junior, Santa Cruz; Evie Myrtle
Gilbert, 'Oakdale; Martha. Elizabeth Miller.
Stockton. Seventh Congressional District—
Everett Eugene Adams. Los Angeles; Judson
Raymond Carter, Pasadena: Rachel Laurena
Steele", Compton. Eighth Congressional Dis
trict—John Marks Brewer, San Diego; Ralph
Oliver Reiner, Riverside; George Maxfleld
Sheldon, Anaheim; Avis K. Smith, San Luia
Oblspo. ¦ . .
CALITORNIAirS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The following
Californians are in New York: FronTSan
Francisco — Miss Blanding. at the Holland;
J. B. Dabney, at the Hoffman; F. S. Kel
by and wife, at the Marlborough; A..Rob
inson and J. D. ' West, at: the Herald
Square; I*. C. Conlon, at the Holland; E.
H. Merrill, at the Imperial; J. H. Wilson,
at the Delavan; A. Aronson and wife, at
the Navarre; J. B. Hooper, at the Murray
Hill; J..Rose, at the Herald Square;. S. H.
Seymour, at the Gllsey; Dr. E. C. Tel
lenck and C.-H. Zacharias, at the Herald
Square; .-;:-r.y- . v-*:
DENVER, Colo., May 14.— J. It. Ghoate,
a' nephew of the Embassador to Great
Britain, was shot at twice at 7:30 o'clock
to-night by Martha Ewort. He was not
wounded. Mrs. Ewort, proprietress of the
Vallle, a fashionable boardingr-house, . se
cured a judgment ag-ainst Choate for
breach of Dromise last winter, but he
failed to pay it. The shooting occurred in
the law office of former Senator E. O.
Wolcott. - ' ' : ::<
WOMAN TRIES TO KTLIi . , -
AN EMBASSABOB'S NEPHEW
EASTERN RACES.
CINCINNATI. May 14.— The racing at La
tonla to-day drew but a meager crowd and tha
outlook for a successful meeting la very dla
couraging. It was rumored to-day that there
would be a free gats to-morrow, but It had
not been decided at the close of the racing to
day: Results:
Six furlongs— Harney won. Princess Ottillie
second. The Butcher third. Time. 1:18.
Four and a half furlongs— Owenton won,
Andy Williams second, ilcChesney third. Time.
:56%.
Mile and fifty yards— Farrell won, Jeannot
second. Poly Blxby third. Time. 1:46%.
- One mile — Anthracite won. Fancy Wood sec
ond. Chorus Boy third. Time. 1:42.
Four and a half furlongs— Sting won. Miss
Gaines second. Lulgo third. Time. :48%. .¦*
Six furlongs— G W W won, Velma Clark tec
ond, Sybil Maasie third. Time, 1:15%.
CINCINNATI, May 14.— There was another
large crowd at Newport to-day. Jockey May
berry had his skull fractured while working
the two-year-old Martha D. His condition la
serious. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Ocone- won.
Flop second. Brother Fred third. Time, 1:07.
Five and*, a half furlongs, selling— Linden
Tree won. Dr. Worth second. Debenture third.
Time, 1:C2%. ;*
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Billy Mason
won, Leeta second, Roltaire third. Time.
1:08%. •.> ¦,,.,•-
Four furlongs— Foundling won. Silk Cord
second, .Wedding March third. Time, :48.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Eitholln won.
Outburst second, Virgle O third. Time, 1:5«.
Six furlongs, selling— Frances Reis won. Pine
Chip second, Albert Edward third. Time.
1:14%.
CHICAGO. May 14.— Worth summary:
Four and a half furlongs— April won. The Es
mond second, Arlean B third. Time, :55 4-5.
Seven furlones— Guy H won. Lakevlew Belle
second, C. B. Campbell third. Time, 1:301-5.
One mile, selling — Excelsis won. Vineennes
second. Joe Collins third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
I One mile and an eighth, handicap— Robert
Waddell won, Ohnet second, Ben Chance third.
Time. 1:52 4-5. • .
Five furlongs — Abe Frank won. Red Hook
second. South Elkhorn third. Time. 1:01 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Myth ; won,
Trebor second. Radford third. Time, 1:43 1-5.
NEW YORK, May 14.— Morris Park sum-'
mary:
Six and a half furlongs— An Green -won.
Water Color second, Somerset third. Time,
1:21%. '
Seven furlongs— Alard won. Dolando second,
Margravlate. third. Time. 1:23U. ¦
The Baychester, one mile — Smile won. Tha
Rhymer second. Nones third. Time, 1:41%.
The New Rochelle handicap, seven furlongs-
Knight of Rhodes won. King Bramble second,
Malster third. Time. 1:28%.
Four and a half furlongs— Prophetlne -won.
Par Excellence second, Champafrne third.
Time, :52%. 3 . • .-
Six furlongs — Red Path won. AH Gold secend,
Paul Clifford third. Time. 1:13%.
ST. LOUIS. May 14. — Fair Grounds summary:
Four furlongs— Zoralde won, Jungfrau second.
Okla third. Time. :49.
Five and a half furlongs, purse — Oudenarda
won. The Wag second. Ellis Glenn third. Time.
1:08%.
Four and a half furlongs, imrse — Trio won.
Lacrymae second. Jim Scanlan third. Time,
:55H- ¦ •
One mile, purse— Ampere* won. . Blink second.
Maximus third. Time. 1:41.
Mile and twenty yards, selling — Hurry iion,
Aureau second, Chappaqua third. Time. 1:44<4.
Six furlongs, selling — Tuskarosa won. Samlvel
second, Fridolln third. Time. 1:1*.
EASTERN BASEBALI*.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN, May 14.— The Brooklyns opened
their »erle3 axainst the West to-day by win
ning an eleven Inning- game from Cincinnati,
thereby rivingr New York the lead. Attend
ance, JiCO. Score: .; ,^. <
Clubs— H.JL.JS.
Cincinnati .. '. 7 17 , 5
Brooklyn « 12 1
Batteries— Newton and Peltz: Kltson, Hughes
and McGuire. Umpire— Dwyer.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The New York team
scored Its sixth consecutive victory to-day,
shutting out Chicago easily. Attendance, SSOO.
Score: - /
Clut»- . R. H. E.
New York 3 ¦ 11 1
Chicago 0 5 0
Batteries— Denzer. Phyle and Warner; Mene
fee, Chance and Kllng. Umpire— <yDay.
PHILADELPHIA. May 14.— The home club
lost to-day's came with Plttsburg through '
their error". It was a pitchers' battle, and
both Duggleby and Phlllppi were In fine form.
Attendance, 211L Score:
Cluts-r R. H. . E.
Plttsburjr • 3 & ¦"' ¦¦: t.
Philadelphia 3 8 5
Batteries— Phlllppi and O'Connor; Duggleby
and Douglass. Umpire— Nash.
BOSTON, May 14.— Dlneen's unsteadiness
nearly lost -the game for Boston to-day, but In
the last ' two innings he played well and the
home team won out. Attendance. 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston i .....'. 4 8 0
St. Louis 3 7 1
Batteries— Dtneen and Kittredge; Harper and
Nichols. Umpire — Kmslle.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 14.— Boston lost again to-day
through ragged fielding and poor base run
ning. Both pitchers worked excellently. At
tendance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 8 ' 3
Washington ,.. 3 8 1
Batteries — Young and Criser; Gear and
Clarke.
BALTIMORE, May 14.— The Baltimore
Club to-day took the game from tha Philadel
phia Athletics by superior all round playing.
Attendance, 23C0. Score:
B. H. E.
Baltimore 11 10 3
Athletics ; 5 8 •
Batteries— Dunn and Robinson; Fraser and
Mllligan. Powers and Murphy.
DETROIT, - May 14.— In addition to pitching
a splendid ' game to-day Griffith fielded his
position magnificently. Attendance,' 2880. Score:
' R. H. B.
Detroit 3 » S
Chicago .8 9 1
Batteries— Siever and McAllister; Griffith and
Sullivan-.
i MILWAUKEE, May 14.— Milwaukee made it
four straight . to-day from Cleveland, winning
a one-sided game through the masterly pitch
ing of Reidy, who allowed only four hits. At
tendance. 600. Score: - ¦
Milwaukee. • 1J 1* »
Cleveland * * •
Batteries— Reldy and Leahy; Hart and Wood.
LONG ATTENDS
SAILORS' BALL
Officers of the Wisconsin
Join Jackies in the
Dance.
•
Captain Reiter Witlf Mrs.
Milton Leads the Grand
March.
?
Able seamen and commanders rubbed
elbows last night at the ball given by
the ship's crew of the Wisconsin at Na
tive Sons 1 Hall. Fair women and gullant
j^ckies went through the mazes of the
dance with great enjoyment. While the
entertainment was essentially a dance
piven by the sailors, conventionality was
for the nonce abandoned, and young lieu
tenants, ensigns and cadets from. Annapo
lis met the "men behind the guns" on a
footing of comradeship, not to say equal
ity.
At 9 o'clock Secretary of the Navy Long
arrived and for an hour participated In
the dances and festivity. Officers from
the Wisconsin. Philadelphia and Iowa, re
splendent in gold laco and professional
disrnlty, danced opposite the humblest
sailors of the fleet and their best girls
from all points of the compass.
Promptly at S»:30 o'clock 200 couples
ranged themselves for the grand marcl:,
•which was led by Captain Relter of the
Wisconsin and Mrs. Milton, wife of Com
irander Milton. The band from the train
lug- ship Pensacola, accompanied by a
Ktrtssed orchestra, played, and until the
small hours the revelry was at its height.
Succeeding the irrand march the notable
pu<-.«ts of the sailors took partners for the
larcers.
Secretary Long, dancing with Mrs. Lieu
tenant Wiley, was a conspicuous figure
In the center group of the ball and went
through the intricate measures of the
dance with the grace of the nimblest vo
tary of Terpsichore. Opposite the Secre
tary was A. A. Watklns, president of the
<'hamber of Commerce, while Chief Ma
chinist Collins and Able Seaman Pete
<J;i.n~ney, with pretty partners, shared the
honors of the distinguished square.
The hall was a glittering mass of color
p.nd while the refreshment fount in the
l>usenj<mt had a busy time Dan Shea,
chief master at arms of the Wisconsin,
pplit the time very diplomatically by
Keeping his charges on the floor a greater
portion of the time. The entire comple
ment of officers from the Wisconsin at
tended the ball, many of them accom
panied by their wives, and many came
from the *»ther warships now in port.
Commander Milton performed gracious
ly the arduous duties of master of cere
monies and the various committees of
seamen managed the floor and reception
of the guests in a most hospitable man
ner.
Among the naval ofHcers present were
Secretary of the Navy Long, Captain
Reiter, Captain Davis of the Marine
Turps. Commander Milton, Paymaster
John Doyle, Lieutenant Senn and wife,
Lieutenant Wiley and wife. Com
mander Phillips. aid to Secretary
Long; Captain Perry of the Iowa, Lieu
tenant Commander Tappan, Lieutenant
Williams, Lieutenant Cutts, Lieutenant
Winphip, just assigned to the Wisconsin
alter distinguished services at Manila;
Flag Secretary Senn, Ensigns Gilmer.
Winston and Church, Lieutenant Vogel
sang of the marines, and Chief Engineer
MeElroj-.
On the committee of arrangements were
the following named petty officers and
seamen: G. L. Aulmann, chairman; J. K.
Nckes, secretary: D E. Shea, H. T. John
ton and C. J. Collins. On the reception
committee were W. C. Caxty, H. L. Brend,
J. Pomfrey and A- T. West.
J. F. O'Neill was director of the floor.
He was assisted by L. C. Masterson, E.
E. Hopper, J. J. Wortman and B. F.
Little Boy's Remains Dragged
From Slough by C.
Miller.
SEARCHERS FIND BODY
OF LOUIS HENRIOULLE
The search for the missing boy, Louis
Henrioulle, the account of whose disap
pearance was published in Monday's Call,
was brought to an end yesterday by the
rinding of the body by one of the search
ers in Alvarado Slough.
l^ate yesterday afternoon the father
received a telephone message informing
him that shortly after noon the body of
his boy had been recovered. Charles
Miller, a cierk for Mr. Henrioulle, had
been dragging the slough since the boy
had been missed and yesterday morning
his efforts were rewarded; After a few
hours' work along the slough the grap
pling hooks caught, and as they were
pulled up the remains of the missing boy
were brought to view. Just as the i>ody
reached the surface it slipped from the
hooks and sank again to the bottom.
After a few moments, however, it came
to the top a few feet away and was se
cured.
The place whc*e the remains were lo
cated is but a dozen yards from the ark
where the boy* was last seen alive. Cir
f-urristanees confirm the theory' of the
father that the boy got into the small
boat at the ark, and, losing his balance,
tumbled into the water head first. The
water at that point was at the time not
high enough to reach the boy's head, and
it is probable that in falling he made
a slanting dive, which brought him into
one of the deep holes, where he drowned.
Mr. Brown, who was -at the ark at the
time of the accident, said that the boy
had stepped out of the boat and was
about to come aboard of the ark. Brown
went below and after waiting some time
came on deck again to look for the little
fellow, but could find nothing of him.
When Mr. Henrioulle was apprised of
the finding- of the body he sent a launch,
which he had engaged to assist in the
Fearch. to bring it to Oakland to await
the action of the Coroner of Alameda
County.
Louis was about 14 years of age and
•was a member -of Adams Cosmopolitan
School, on Eddy street, between Van Ness
avenue and Polk street. As yet no ar
rangement has been made for the funeral.
McKee (Latin. English). Sacramento; Lucius
Dean McKlnley (history), Berkeley; 'Margaret
McLeod (English), San Francisco; Nettle
Meek (Latin, French), Berkeley; 'Henry Clin
ton • Melone iKomanlc languages), Oak
Knoll; Vlncenza Catherine • Milledge (Eng
lish, Latin), Oakland; , Mary Grace
Miller (English, French), Santa Rosa:
Florence Etta Montgomery (English, phil
osophy), Berkeley; Ida Cornelia Moodey
(English, French). Santa Rosa; Stanley
Moore (Jurisprudence), Oakland; Ruby Rose
Morse (English. French), Berkeley; Edna Mur
dock (English, German), Santa Rosa; Char
lotte Elizabeth Neale (history), San Diego;
Oney McCutchan Nicely (philosophy, juris
prudence), franta Paula; William Horsley Or
rlck (philosophy. Jurisprudence), Oakland;
James Orlanc! Osborn (history. Jurisprudence),
Visalia; Edna Tulloch Owen (English, Latin),
Santa Barbara; Albert Wentworth Palmer
(English), Los Angeles; 'Clella Augusta Pa
roni (English. Romanic languages), Berkeley;
Gay Willis Parsons (history), Arroyo Grande;
Eva Powell (history), Oakland; Mauile Harriet
Powell, (English, French), Alameda; Edward
Augustus Powers, (English), Berkeley; Caro
line May Fulcifer (English, French), Oakland;
Ellen Kate Rea (history). Anaheim; Estello
Grace Roblin (English, German), Stockton;
Eugene Wellington Roland , (Jurisprudence),
Oakland; Evangellne Sale (English, Latin),
San Rafael; Milton Harry Schwartz (English,
Oriental languages). Oakland; Elizabeth
Mitchell Scupham- (English, Latin), Oakland:
William James Shaw (history), Soquel; Paul
Ainsley Sinsheimer (English, German), San
Luis Oblspo; Mrs. Marion Cummlngs Stanley
(philosophy. English), Santa Cruz; Jesse Henry
Stelnhart (jurisprudence), San Francisco: The
resa Viola Stoer (Latin, German). Oakland;
Fanny May Strong (French, German), Berke
ley; Amy Tabrett (history), San Francisco;
•Olive Lord Taylor (history), Alameda; Helena
Pearl Thomas (English. German). Grass Val
ley; Mabel Winifred Thomas (English, Ger
man), Oakland; Margaret Trolli (English,
Latin) Oakland; Richard Walton Tully (his
tory English). Berkeley; 'Grace Abbie Tyr
rell (Romanic languages). Berkeley; Amy Ger
trude Van Deerlin (English, Latin), Kohala,
H. I.; Anna Frances "White (Latin, English),
Oakland: Howard Collins White (English),
Mesopotamia, O. ; Ellen Wilkinson (Latin). Po
mona; Mabel LUclnda WUllams (Latin, Eng
lish), San Francisco; Andrew McLellan Wolf
enden (history, jurisprudence). Oakland.
.. College of Social Sciences— Bachelor of Phil
osophy—'Joseph Everett Brand (philosophy,
education). Berkeley; 'Carl Sophus Hansen
(English). Berkeley; 'Franklin Porter Nut
ting (jurisprudence, history), Berkeley: Mar
garctta Louise THIrnton (philosophy), Fruitvalc.
College of Letters— Bachelor of Arts— Hilda
Abraham (Latin, German). Berkeley; Annie
Harriet Allen (Greek. Latin), Berkeley; Lurlle
H Bailey (Greek. Latin). San Francisco;'Wal
ter Burling Bakewell (history), Oakland; James
Clark Blair (zoology, chemistry). San Fran
cisco- Vivian Beatrice Bryan (Latin, Greek),
Berkeley; Franklin Underwood Bugbee (Greek,
Latin) Los Angeles; Jessie Ellsworth Burnett,
A B (English. -Greek). Santa Rosa; Blanche
Maple Clark (Greek,- Latin). Santa Cruz; Wal
ter Everett Conlin (Jurisprudence). San Fran
cisco; Cornelius Geoige Dall (mathematics., as
tronomy). Berkeley; George Nelscn Dldlon
(Jurisprudence) Sacramento; Jeanette Ellison,
A.B. (English, Latin), Berkeley: Grace Emlly
Hazelton Fish (Latin. Romance, languages),
Martinez: Ralph Talcott Fisher (history). Oak
land: 'Alice Linscott Freese (French, Oriental
languages). Berkeley: Mary Theresa Gallagher
(Greek. Latin. Berkeley; Frank George Goode
now (Greek, Latin). Los Angeles: Arthur Wil
liam Goodfellow (Jurisprudence, history). Oak
lard; Mrs. Elly Mahoney Grosjean (Latin, Ro
ma-ace languages), San Francisco; John Emanuel
Gustafson (philosophy, English), Oakland: Frvd
Beckman Hart (jurisprudence). San Francisco;
Catharine Hirstel (Latin, English). San Fran
cisco: Wesley Newcomb Hohfeld (philosophy,"
Jurisprudence), San Francisco; Florence Edna
Hoyt (Latin, English). Berkeley: Anita Giles
.Hubbard (Latin, English), Oakland: Oorinne
Hutton (English. Latin), Berkeley: Martha
Adelaide IJams (Latin, French). San Francisco:
Katherlne Courtenay Johnston (English), Los
Angeles; 'Myrtle Jeannette Joseph (Greek.
Latin), San Francisco; WInthrop Leicester
Keep (Latin. Greek), Mills College; Louise
Kellogg (Greek, Latin), Oakland: 'Mabel Earle
Kelsey (Greek. Latin). West Satlcoy; Elizabeth
Keyser (Greek. Latin), San Francisco: *Thomas
Drummond Mansfield (Latin. Ene-llsh), Hay
wards: Helen Louise Martin (English. Latin).
Berkeley- Stnart Galbraith Masters 'Engli.«h),
Berkeley; 'Margaret McCowan. A. B. (Greek,
Latin), Phoenix, Arizona; Herbert Turbltt
Moore (German. Latin). San Francisco: Na
than Montgomery Moran (history, philosophy).
Stanford University; Minna Helen Nelson (Ger
man: Latin), Monrovia; Emma Estella Parker.
A B. (Latin. Greek). Pasadena; Clara Chris
tine Piper (Greek, Latin), Berkeley; Florence
Mabel Preble (Latin. English), Oakland; Fan
nie May Sanborn (Greek. Latin), San Fran
cisco; Mary Southern Shreve (English, Latin),
Alameda: Elizabeth Jackson Skinner 'English,
Latin) Berkeley; Irene Taylor (Greek, Latin),
Hanfofd; Edith Grace Thatcher (Latin.
French) • Hopland: Lillian Claire Versalovlch
(English. Latin). San Francisco: Louise Hlnck
ley (Greek. Latin), Oakland; 'Flora
Wilson (Latin, English). San Francisco; Miri
am May Wollner (Latin English). 3an Fran
cisco: Alice Bowman Wright (Greek. Latin),
San iFrancisco. '•¦ '
'¦ 'Degree conferred December 27. 1900.
Higher degrees were conferred, as
follows:
Master of Science (College of ' Chemistry)—
George William Beattle, B. S., East Highlands;
thesis "Nernst's Theory of the Concentration
Cell "' William Thompson Skinning, B. S.. Los
Angeles; thesis, "Thermal Vajues and Chemi
cal and Physical Properties of California Pe
troleums."
Master of Science - (Collmre of Natural
Sciences)— Gulielma Ruth Crocker. A. B., Cen
tervllle; thesis, "Larval Development and Meta
morphosis of" Astenas EqUalls." Kahtrlne
Matthews Crusoe, B. . S., Berkeley; thesis,
"The I Effect of the Surrounding Atmos
phere on the Spark Spectra of 'Some
Metals." Arthur Scott King, B. S., Berkeley;
thesU "The Effect of the Surrounding Atmos
phere'on the Arc Spectrum of Carbon." San
ford Alexander Moss. B. S.. Sheffield. Mo.:
thesis, "Thermodynamics of the Gas Turbine."
' ' Blaster of Letters (College of Social Sciences)
—Adeline Belle Croyland. B L San Fran
clsco; thesis. "A Philological and Historical
Study of 'L'HIstoIre de Gulllaume le Marechal,
Regent d'Angleterre de 1216 a . 1219. ' Poeme
Francals du XIHme Slecle." Mabel Hall
Jacobs, Ph. B..- San Francisco; thesis. "Les
sing'a Dramatic Principles and Their Applica
tion to Typical Elizabethan Dramas." Fanny
Eliza Snell B. S. (Carleton College), Los An
geles; toils." '-The Didactic Element in Vic
to'Han Poetry."
Master of Arts^-College of Letters— Louise
Crennel Callow, M.A.. Western Reserve Uni
versity, Cleveland, Ohio; thesis, "Plato's Treat
ment of Poets." David Raymond Curtiss,
A.B.. Redlands; thesis, "On the Invariants o'
a Homogeneous Quadratic Differential Equa
tion of the Second Order." Richard Lenox
Halsey, A.B. Princeton University, LL:B.
Columbia University. B.D. Chicago University,
Berkeley thesis. "Present Attitude of the Jap
anese To'ward Their I Native Religion." Lalla
Fowler Harris, A.B.,' San 1 Francisco; thesis,
"The Origin and Growth of Plato'B Logic."
by W. Lutoslaweki. .William Inch, A.B., Uni
versity of Southern California, Los Angeles;
thesis "The Relative Worth of the Manu
scripts of Plato's Republic.' Ivan Mortimer
Llnforth. A.B., Berkeley; thesis, "The Adverb
Am; With Particular Reference to the Usage
of Lucretius." .Francis Robert Morrison, A. B.,
Oakland; thesis, "The Canons of Literary Crit
icism." Helen -Wooster Peckham, A.B., Vas
sar College. Pulaski, N. Y.; thesis, "Pope
Gregory VII."
Doctor of Philosophy— College of Natural Sci
ences—Russell Tracy Crawford, B.S., Willows;
thesis "Determination of the Constant of Re
fraction • From Observations Made with the
Repsold Meridian Circle of the Lick Observa,
tory." Frank Elmore Ross, B.S., '.Berkeley;
thesis,' "Differential Equations Belonging to a
Ternary Llnearold Group." • .
The list of graduates from the Affiliated
MEDALIST OF THE 1901 GRAD
UATING CLASS OF CALIFOR
NIA STATE UNIVERSITY.
Yf*?v ERKELEY, May 14.— The meeting
LJj of the Regents of the State Uni-
P^V versity to-day was most import
.X^alr ant. Usually at this meeting on
'this date only the degrees are
announced, but to-day a lot of construc
tion work was ordered and the new head
of the German department announced.
Hugo Schilling was named professor of
German and head of the German depart
ment at a salary of $3500 a year. He
comes from Harvard and 'will take charge
of his department next term.
It was decided to found a dairy school
at Berkeley next year and 510,000 was set
aside for the inauguration of the work.
LeRoy Anderson was chosen to conduct
the school. It was ordered that he should
begin the work of constructing dairy
barns in Strawberry Canyon at once, i A
section of the upper part of the univer
sity grounds will be set aside for grazing
purposes. The basement. of the agricul
tural building will be turned Into Instruc
tion rooms for this institution and Berke
ley will have a real "cow college," to
open next term. *.„>«««
It was decided to erect ' a new $40,000
building at the Wilmerding School. The
building is to be erected by the students
of the school in the course of their study,
but under the supervision of the Wilmerd
ing Instructors. It will take from three to
five years to complete the building and
$4200 was set aside for the first year's
Regent Rogers moved that $5000 be put
in the budget of the department of anat
omy for the purpose of founding a chair
if the Regents so determine in the future.
It was announced that President "Wheel
er would go East after commencement,
to be gone about a month. Regent Foster
was empowered to sign salary warrants
dU^e n s S ley lS N ab9 l| n oh e feld of San Francisco
was named' as the medalist of th£ gradu
ating class. This is the highest honor
that can be conferred upon a member or
the class. Two years ago Miss Lillie
Hohfeld, his sister, was the medalist.
The degrees awarded were as follows:
College of Chemistry— Bachelor of Science-
Edgar William Alexander (chemistry, zoology).
Oakland; Glenn Loring Allen (chemistry),
Pasadena; Contah Leigh Bt&elow (chemistry,
zoology) Berkeley; Harvey Monroe Hall (chem
istry, botany). Riverside; Richard barren
Harvey (chemistry). San Francisco; Frederick
Lalst (chemistry). La Mesa; •George Walter
Monroe (chemistry, botany). Monrovia; Anna
Morgan (chemistry, mathematics), Berkeley,
Carl Schilling (chemistry). Oakland; Florence
Marglret £#ott (chemistry, zoology). Scotts
dalc, Arizona; Hiram Franklin Sheldon (chem
istry, mathematics), Ventura.
College of Civil Knglneering— Bachelor of
Science— J. Shirley Bright, San Bernardino:
Walter Nettleton Frickstad, Oakland; Adolpn
Judell, San Francisco.
College of Mining— Bachelor of Science-
Harry Winter Bangle, Oakland; Edwin Law
rence Beck. Oakland: Walter Wadsworth
Bradley, « Spreckels; »Ralph Stuart Browne,
Haywards; Harry Louis Cornish, Berkeley;
Ivan de Lashmutt. Spokane, Wash. ; Carlos
Parker Griffin. Oakland; Melvln Scribner Grif
fiths 1 Oakland; Jack Dietrich Hoffmann, Oak
land- Lee Sylvester Kerfoot, Ferndale; Edwin
Ralph Leach, Oakland; "AloysluB Paul Mallon.
San Francisco; Henry Daggett Morse, Berke
ley; Horace Lankton Moulthrop, Alameda; Ar
thur Charles Nahl, Alameda; 'Vance Craig
miles Osmant. San Francisco; Warren Vin
cent Richardson, Truckee; William Beaumont
Schaw, Sacramento; Paul Selby, Oakland;
Howard Dunba*. Smith. Lorin: Richard Charles
Specht. San Francisco; Eiry Jay Wagor, Oak
land: Otto Charles Zinns. San Francisco:
College of Mechanics — Bachelor of Science —
Hartey Sargent" Brltt. Newberg. Or.; Oscar
Frederick Kern, Visalia; Frank Walter Kerns.
San Jose; Paul Lebenbaum. San Francisco;
Claude Wilson Place. Riverside; 'Kurt Schluss,
San Francisco; Charles Robert Sessions. San
Francisco; Walter Samuel Sessions. Los An
geles; John Stanislaus Soares, Haywards;
Talchl Tanabe. San Francisco; Edward George
Thunen. Cherokee; Edward Ingram Titlow,
Alameda. ' - • > .
College of Apriculture-VBachelor of Science—
Julia Roselle Pearce. B. a, Berkeley; Moos
hegh Vagouny, Berkeley.
College of Commerce— Bachelor of Science—
Benton Alvin Hammond, commerce (history.
Jurisprudence). Seattle. Wash.
College of Natural Sciences — Bachelor of Sci
ence—"Helen Louise Emille Arent3 (chemistry,
physics), Alameda; Minnie Beatrice Bannon
(mathematics, philosophy), Sacramento; May
Alice Bowcher .(zoology, geology). A.amed'i;
•Paul Castelhun (chemistry, zoolosy), San
Francisco; Ralph Hamilton Curtiss (mathe
matics, astronomy), Redlands; »Leo Eloesser Jr
(chemistry, zoology). San Francisco; Margaret
Maria Fee (chemistry, zoology), Berkeley: Mar
garet Fortier (philosophy, education), Berke
ley; Joseph Le Conte Goldsmith (mathematics),
Santa Ana; Hephzibah Elizabeth Green (phy
sics, chemistry), Pasadena; Ellas Marcu* Hvcht
(mathematics, physics), San Francisco; Rachel
Kurlandzik (mathematics), San Francicco;
Benjamin Overfleld Lacey (mathematics, phy
sics), Pasadena; Elisabeth Henrietta I«hr
(chemistry, zoology), Nevada City; Mrs. Gene
vieve S. Manchester (chemistry, philosophy),
Berkeley: 'Samuel Philip May bach (chemistry,
physics), Dundee, Ohio; 'Marion Mlchener
(mathematics, education), San Francisco: TC-"e
lyn Marianne Ratcllft (mathematics, physics),
Berkeley; Otto Paul Rathke (mathematics,
philosophy). Pleasanton; Lionel Samuel
Schmitt (biology), San Francisco; Mary Wini
fred Tyrrell (biology), Oakland.
College of Social Sciences— Bachelor of Let
ters—Jewel Alexander (English, German),
Watsonville; Elizabeth Arlett (history). Ojik
land; Florence Eunice Barnard 'English,
Latin), Oakland; George R. Bartlett (Latin,
French) Healdsburg; Theobald Percy Bayer
(history). San Jose; 'Robert Belchor (history;
jurisprudence), San Francisco; Ida Body (Lr.tin,
French) Santa Rosa: Jessie Bohall (English.
French). Arcata; 'George Otto Brehm (history,
jurisprudence), Berkeley; Brownie Brownell
(English, Spanish), Oakland; Thomas F.
Brownscombe, M. A. (history). Riverside; Ella
May Bunnell (English, French), Berkeley: John
Wlnchel Spencer Butler (Jurisprudence) Berke
ley: Cora Belle Campbell (Latin), Claremont;
Carl Laurence Carlson ((history), Alamcdi;
Ethel Beaver Catton (history). Berkeley; •Adri
enne Cerf (Latin, French), San Francisco; Lil
lian Gertrude Chace (English, Latin). Nevada
City; Antoinette Ciemence Chevret (Latin, Eng
lish), Arcata: Madeline Veronica Christy (Ger
man, English). Berkeley: Helen Elizabeth
Clapp, B. L. (English) Covina; Amelia Yntz
Coeke (German, Latin), Berkeley; Charles
Matthew Coleman (history), Pasadena; Chnrlcs
Maxwell Colton (Jurisprudence, history), Bak
ersfleld: Mary Sara Cooper (Latin English)
Oakland: Edith Pearl Cox (Latin). Wateon
ville; Josephine Devine (English philosophy)
Edgewood: Lou Irene DeYo (Latin. English),
Astoria. Or.; Edward Augustus DIckson (hle
tory), Sacramento: Margaret Elizabeth Doherty
(history, philosophy), Salinas; Louis Fred Dre-
her (history). Pomona ;• 'Benjamin > Franklin
Driver (Jurisprudence), Sacramento: Boutwell
Dunlap (history). Auburn: Lillian May Durk>e
(history, philosophy). Warm Springs; Muriel
Eastman (English). MaryBville; Elizabeth Kby
(Latin. Ensllsh), Oakland; Guy Walton EUdy
(history, philosophy). Arroyo Grande-
Clarence William Edwards (history. Juris
prudence), Fresno; Thomas Henry Emerson
(history. Jurisprudence), ¦ Arcata; Clarlbel En
sign (English. German). Los Angeles; Edward
Thomas Ford (history, jurisprudence), San
Francisco; Lilia Gertrude Forderer (English
French), Alameda: Maude Malcolm Fraser
(English). Alameda; Agnes Frlaius (English,
German). Alameda: Edith Edna Gaddis (his
tory. Jurisprudence). Santa Rosa; Leland Isaac
Gale (Jurisprudence), Berkeley; Leonora Gau
tler (French). Santa Rosa; Mabel Emma* Gll-
Bon (German. English), Berkeley; Marcella
Catherine Glazier (Latin. Spanish), San Fran
cisco; Isabel Blanchard Godln (English, Latin),
Los Angeles; Demetrius Alexander Gordenker
(philosophy. French), Glen Ellen; Elisabeth
Goyne (Latin, French), Nevada City; Ruby
Estelle Gracier (Latin, English), San Fran
cisco; UlrJch Graff (German), San Francisco-
May Bess Graham (Latin. German), Oakland;
May Ellenor A. Gray. (Latin. English). San
Krar.cisco; William Buckout Greeley (history)
Berkeley; Laurence Lincoln Greene (history).
Berkeley; Marcella Gunning (English, French),
Berkeley; 'Karl Henrlch (German, French),
Berkeley; Margaret Frances Hill (English,
Latin). Berkeley; Sophia- Adelaide Hobe (his
tory). San Francisco: Anne Lucia Holmes
(Knglleh. Latin). Riverside: Helen Lemoyne
Hoose. Ph.B. (history. Latin). Pasadena; Har
riet Heppln (English. Latin), Yolo; Frank
Evans Howard (English, philosophy), Berke
ley; Alice Orne Hunt (Latin, English), San
FraneiFCo; Hattie Handal Jacobs (German
English). Santa Rosa: K May Belle Johnson
(Latin, English), Madison; Clare Jones (Latin,
German), Modesto; Almira Jane Kelshaw
(English. Romanic languages), Paso Robles;
Edith Mabel Kendall . (English, philosophy),
Manchester; 'Virginia Nason Klenck, Ph.B.
(French, 'German). San Francisco; Edith Ro
sine Kurtz (English), .Berkeley; 'Edward Ger
hart Kuster (history, jurisprudence), Los An
geles; Katharine Maloy Layne (Spanish, art),
Pomona: Elizabeth Eloise Ledgett (English.
Latin). Golden Gate;- Harley Marlon Leete
•(English. Romanic languages), Santa Barbara:
Hugh McCaskey Love (history). Ventura; •Do
lores Elenteria Machado « (English. Romanic
languages), Santa Monica; Harry Ellis Magee
(jurisprudence), Mayogftll, Ireland; George
Peabody Manchester (German), Berkeley;
Francis Freeman Marshall (lurlsprudence, his
tory), Vacaville: Ethel Genevieve Marston
(English, Latin). Oakland; Martha Jane Mc-
Dill i (English, French), Beaumont; Edna May
Illiugsworth, probably believing him
dead, gathered up his blankets and pro
visions and left. He was trailed twelve
miles, having reversed his route entirely
and going toward Redding, when the
trail was lost in the wild mountain re
gions.
According to Behrens the battle was
a fierce one. He ran toward Dorland, al
leged to be the more dangerous of the des
peradoes, and kept him covered. When
bullets began to pierce his clothing, as
they did live times, he realized he was
the target of Illingsworth, who was se
creted in the bushes. Illingrsworth had al
ready fatally wounded Walker, who was
a close second in the charge. Behrens
turned his rifle on Illingsworth but as
soon as he did so he felt a bullet tear
through the side of his coat from the rear.
It came from the revolver of Dorland,
who had opened fire the instant the Sher
iff's attention was diverted. Swinging
around, the officer sent a bullet crashing
through the body of Dorland, killing him.
Shielded by the body of Dorland, behind
which he lay, the Sheriff exchanged fif
teen shots In all with Iilingsworth. His
ammunition exhausted, he jumped up and
ran for his life, but was felled by a bullet
lrom Illinssworth. It struck a pair of
handcuffs in tht Sheriff's back pocket and
rendered him unconscious, although not
seriously injuring him.
REDDING, May 14.— Sheriff Behrens ar
rived in Redding this morning after hav
ing ridden all night, and gives details
of the encounter three miles north of
Adin, Modoc County, on Saturday morn
ing between officers and escaped prison
ers, which resulted in the death of Con
stable "Walker of Alturas and fugitive
Dorland. Behrens says that but for the
cowardice of a man named Stanley, whom
he took out from Slsson to assist in the
chase, he would have taken Illingsworth,
the comrade of Dorland, either dead or
alive. He says Stanley never left a spot
100 yards from the desperadoes, from
whicli a running charge was made by
Constable Walker and himself.
SHERIFF TELLS
OF THE BATTLE
LOS ANGELES. May 14.— It was given
out positively to-day from a quarter
which is exceptionally well informed that
an attempt is to be made by tne opposi
tion to Governor Gage to crystallize the
opposition throughout the State, and Los
Angeles has been decided upon by. those
having the anti-Gage movement in hand
as the key to the situation. Governor
Gage's real opponent is to be Thomas,
Flint of San Benito, president of the
Senate, who, after mature deliberation,
has decided to enter actively Into the con
test for the gubernatorial nomination.
Senator Flint, it will be remembered,,
visited the city recently as one of the
delegates to the Grand Parlor of the Na
tive Sons, of which order he hns always
been a prominent member./ It was while
he was here that a meeting of a select
few anti-Gage leaders was held. At that
gathering Flint is said to have been asked
point blank whether or not he would be a
candidate for Governor, and he is said to
have replied., after considerable hesitation,
that he stood ready to make an active
canvass.
Senator Flint was then assured that he
would be supported in this city and
county to the extent of the combined
anti-Gage local strength, whatever that
might be, and the battle for supremacy in
this city and county may be said to be on.
Sr>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
Attempt Will Be Made to
Centralize Anti-Gage
Movement.
\i-
Enters the lists ' as a
Candidate' for the
Governorship.
SENATOR FLINT
IS CAGE'S RIVAL
but he Is confident the Shamrock II is the
better boat and thoroughly believes some
thing has gone wrong. He is anxious to
see her in the drydock.
It is just possible that the Shamrock I
may cross the Atlantic, but Sir Thomas
Lipton does not entertain any Idea of sub
stituting the old one for the new boat in
tho cui> races, being certain Mr. "Wat
son's creation, in the long .run, will prove
superior to Mr. Fife's.
NEW YORK, May 14.— According to tho
deed of srif t" of the America's cup to the
New York Yacht Club, It would appear
that the Shamrock I cannot be substituted
for the Shamrock II in this year's con
test for the America's cup. One clause
of the deed of* gift reads: "No vessel
which has been defeated In a match for
this cup. can be again selected by any
club as its representative until after a
contest for it by some other vessel has
intervened, or until after the expiration
of two years from the time of such de
feat." ; .'..
The necessary two years have not
elapsed. The Columbia and the Sham
rock I met October 16, 17 and 20, 1899. and
the next series of races were* scheduled
in the acceptance of the challenge for
August 20, 22 and 24 of this year, or a
week later if anything should happen to
delay the challenger. Consequently, It
seems the two-year condition cannot be
made available until after the next series
of races.
Lipton Is Confident That New
Boat Is Better Than
the Old.
— > . •
LONDON, May 14.— Sir Thomas Llpton
returned to London this morning: cha
grined by tlie result of yesterday's race.
Defeat of Challenger by
Shamrock I Causes
Difficulties.
SIR THOMAS IS
IN IN QUANDARY
' It was decided that all workers '. in machin
ery and allied metal trades should demand a
nine-hour day without reduction in pay before
May 20, the same to go into effect on that
date. The officers of the organizations de
cided that the men in their respective trades
would stand by each other In the enforcement
of the demand should It become necessary to
cease work. In view of the encouraging reports
received from a large' number of employers In
trades having already notified their employes
of concession to the foregoing demand, no
serious opposition to the movement is antici
pated.
The conferences was held at the head
quarters, of the Federation of Labor and
lasted rearly all day. At the conclusion
of the conference President Gompers gave
out this statement:
There was another conference here to
day of irepresentatlves of the various or
ganizations directly Interested in the pro
posed strike. The conferrees Included
Samuel Gompers, president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor; John.Mulhol
land, president of the International Asso
ciation of Allied Metal Mechanics; James
O'Connell, president of the International
Association of Machinists; ¦ I* R. Thomas,
president of the Pattern Makers' League
of North America, and E." J. Lynch of the
Metal Polishers', Buffers', . Platers-'- and
Brass Workers' Union of North America.
It Is possible that the strike may be averted.
In 'view of the large number of employers who
suddenly consented to adopt the time and pay
schedule we are striving for. The responsi
bility now rests -with the employers. We have
given them ample time to consider the sub
ject, and I am glad to note that many of
them are prepared to concede that our cause
Is not unreasonable, although It may be dis
tasteful from their point of view. As I said
before, we have closed our side of the case
and now await further action from the other
side.
We have made our final declarations and we
propose to rest our case where It now stands,
and any overtures for calling off the strike
must come from the other side. Our demands
have been presented in a straightforward, bus
iness-like way, and many of the employers are
beginning to realize that we are In earnest
and also that our demands are not only rea
sonable, but just So far as we are concerned
there Is no change in the situation to-day.
We are reinforced by all of the trade organi
zations of the country, and the order for the
strike to begin next 1 Monday will be carried
out unless the opposition yields to our de
mands. .
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 14.— According
to reports given out here to-day by lead
ers of the threatened strike of the Inter
national Association of Machinists, there
are Indications of a, disposition to yield
to the demands of the association on the
part of employers. President O'Connell
of tho International Machinists and Sam
uel Gompers, president of the American
Federation, claim to have received con
cessions during the past twenty-four
hours which may result in the strike be
ing averted. Said O'Connell this evening:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Employers Are Conced
ing the Nine-Hour Day
.Demanded.
Leaders . Hopeful That
the Strike Will Be
Averted.
MACHINISTS
MAY NOT QUIT
. ¦ . , .. ¦ • \ ¦ ¦¦•'¦: . ¦ • .¦¦¦:;¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1901.
Wesley N. Hohfeld, Emulating His Talented Sister, Carries Off
the M?dal— vHugo K. Schilling Named as Professor of German.
D^iry School Projected, LeRoy- Anderson Chosen as Its Head
UNIVERSITY REGENTS ANNOUNCE
THE LIST OF DEGREE WINNERS
13
One- Thousand Physicians Testify that
' , '"':/.> ' V" ••• ' -^ ' : »? ¦ ¦¦¦•
Is the Best Naturtl Laxative Water Known to Medical Science.
pr. William A.lXammond, Sew' York, *
Professor of Diseases of the Mind and Nervous SyBtem in the University of the City of
• New York, writes: " The Hunyadl Janos Water is, according to my experience, the
most pleasant and efficient of all puTgaiive mineral waters, and I have no hesitation in
recommending it to the Medical Profession."
For Constipation, Torpid Liver and Obesity.
No Medicine In the World Compares with "HUNYADI-JANOS."
T mA-*AT.THE' LABBZ, on Bottle, I fli, 11 For The FullXame.
JUOOIL Blue with Red Centre Panel. \ V«*li "Hanyadi-JANOS."
Is the subtle force which controls the different organs of the
body. It* makes them strong or weak, healthy or • diseased,
according^as the brain and nerves are strong ( and vigorous or
weak and diseased. Weak nerves cause headache, nervousness,
neuralgia, indigestion* Jieart trouble and many other forms "of
chronic weakness. Make 'the nerves strongs the brain clear and;
ac"tivc and the body will be healthy and vigorous,
•1 was taken with a peculiar ailment that affected
my head and my nerves were all unstrung. I vras very
nervous, could not sleep and my mind was all confused. I
doctored for several weeks without getting better and •
then began taking Dr. .Miles' Nervine. The first bottle
relieved me bo much that I kept on, and when I had used
geven bottles I was well." .. .
"Mrs. C. Scheoedek, Metropolis, Ilia
, ; . eoothes and rests the tired brain, strengthens the nerves
- and supplies tho nerve Influence that is so necessary to
build up health of body and vigor of mind. Try it*
£old by drus gists oa zuaraatea Xte. Milks Mxnir ax. Co., Elkhars. In*
Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and fan-
cy woods for burning-, cameras albums
and books on photography in artists' ma-
terial department. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. . *
WIFE BEATER ARRESTED.— Daniel Jes-
person was arrested yesterday and charged
with battery on complaint of his wife, Maggie
Jesperson., The woman is considerably bruised
about the face. «.-:.'..
Verus cures piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists. Si*
Some men make a specialty of doing
others they are dunned by.THE SAN FBAKC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 1901.
14
SAN FRANCISCO CALIj.
EUEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, ccrner of Market and Third street*: open
crml 12 o'clock every night in th# year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery ttreet.
correr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f!2 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p..tn.
flS L.-i.rktn street: open until 9:30 p. in.
If41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
i;si Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
-Mil 9 p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street: cpes until 9 p. m.
JC98 Valencia street: cren untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-Second and Ken-
iii<-ky FtiyetF: civn n*»ni n n. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CKOCKETT I>idge No. 129. F. & A. M.— __
I> 1st. THIS EVENING, May 15, at^%^
730 o'clock. By order of the W. M. pLjr\
H. FORTRIEDS. Secretary. .
EXCELSIOR~Lodge No. 1C6. F. & A. M. n
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-
PAY) EVENING. May J5. at 7:30 /£/J\
o'clock; "third degree. By order of the ' r '
\Y. M. Hy J. OWEN, Secretary. .
UIESXOX Lodffe Xo. 1£9. F. & A. M.— fk '
«^!!ed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock: third de- 7fc_jT
Kree. R.' E. ALLAN, Secretary. ' V '
MKS. WILLIAM McKINLEY— Dear Sis- »_«
ter: California Chapter No. 1SS. O. E. <££__
S., reauests the honor of your presence v
at the" meeting of the chapter SAT-
URDAY EVENING, llay 18. 190L at »
o'clock, Kan Francisco.
LIZZIE TONNINGSEN. Worthy Matron.
ISADORA HORTON. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodre No. 13, I. O. O. .**»!__£&.
F.— The officers and the fun-ral
committee of the above named
locjre are hereby notified to as-
semble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh ets., on THURSDAY. May 16. at
1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother. Emil Lubeck.
By order of the N. G. CHAS. QUAST.
Financial Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 1T3. I. O. O. ,*sj___i2v
F. — A special meeting of •polio §_2S2S?__-
Lodge will be held on WEDNES-
DAY NIGHT in Assembly Hall, '"
Odd Fellows' building:, corner Seventh and :
Market streets, at 8 o'clock, when Apollo |
Lodge degree team will confer the third de- j
pree in presence of the Grand Lodge. All j
third decree members in good standing are
welcome, and every member of Apollo Lodge
is expected to be nrpsent.
CHAS. E. PERRT, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
COSMOPOLITAN Lod_e No. 194, I. < __aif,'^ >
O. O. F., will have initiation of __?l_JSfr
candidates THIS <1VEDNES- :5 S£J2SsS?
DAY) EVENING. MayVo.
NICHOLAS FlCK. Nobla Grand.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. o_>___T"
F.— Special meeting WEDNES-
DAY, May 15, to confer Initiatory 55^
degree .before the Grand Lodge.
W. E. WEICHHART, N. G.
BAY CITY Lod?e No. 117.~K.-of P.* T~~
22S Sutter st.— Members and visiting >#>
brother Knights are invited to -'c>
attend a convention of this lodge on
WEDNESDAY, May 15, at 8 p. m. The rank
cf Knight (Ions form) will be conferred. !
CHAS. C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S. <
THE Brotherhood of Teamsters will ytfTTSv j
hold it? first annual picnic on SAT-jH?y_A I
I'RDAT, May IS, at Schuetzen Park. py^S <
Members are requested to meet at \$'v*y
Teutonia Hall at 7:"0 a. m. and ViiV
inarch in a body to the ferry.
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, Secretary, t
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual j
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic j
Sal* Water Company will tx? held at the I
office of the company, 3Z7 Market st.. San I
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 27th day I
of May. 1901. at the hour of 3. o'clock p. m..
for the purpose cf electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the I
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 190L at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office ?-7 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery,
fn the Avalanche mine, near Valllclta. Cal-
r.veras C'-untr. to deposit tailings In Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
TCeesy. In the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Plumas. County, to deposit tailings in
Hinehrran Creek, plves notice that a meet-
ing -.-III be held at room 59, Flood building,
Pan Francisco, Cal., on May 27, 19CL at
1:30 p. m. :
AGEXTS WANTED. ~
NEW YORK establishment having Just opened
its coast branch desire a few live salesmen;
liberal eomdSElfla -v-ith chance for advance-
ment. Address box 4114. Call office.
ABLF". solicitors can earn $1CO per week on our
propositions. American Exploration Co.. 1113
Call building. \-_
ADOPTION.
GOOD fcrme own trr hpalthy boy and Kirl ha-
bi«". MRS. PR. rrXKR 1<1<j'sty Alarr^da.
ASPHAjLTUW KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER.' asphalt roofing, sic" -walks Tre-
rain-d- postal. 11SS Mission; tel. Folsom 1CQ7.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.'
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
nr> fee without success; collections. G \V. 1
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market, cor. Stocktn. I
FRANJv LITTLE, attorney at law; seneral law I
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F. j
ADVICE free: no charge*! unless successful W.
tV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLAHK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
ket Ft.: conTiitation free: no fe^s In advance. |
nOARDIXG FOIt CHILDREN. !
2 OR 3 children to board; best care; sunny j
yard; near school; $10 up. 1607 California st.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chll- !
<3ren to board: pood care. "218 Sixteenth ct.
I1CSITVESS CHA\CES.
A— J2C00; BOARDING and livery stable~West^
era Addition; net rent U$; clearing above $150
per month: „, large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harness first class. Call R
G. WILKE, tf% Kearny st.
A— SttO; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms: established years; rent $35; location j
csn't be beat and tbe business is first class. I
Ca'.l R. G. WILKE. tGV 2 Kearny st.
A— J37OO: ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead- !
ir.R business etrett; rent. iC5; tirst-class pay- I
insr establishment: owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars. H. G. WILKE.
£C'i Kearny st. I
A— H400: ICHpREAM parlois and candy store; I
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
S7iC; value in slRht; net profits at least $150
per month. Call R. G. WiLKE. 2__ Kearny. |
A— I17S0: CORXER grocery and bar: place es- •
tablished years and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries in this city; location
one block 4*om Market st. Particulars K
gOAWlLKB, 26ii_Kearny st.
A— iU00; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest bi'S-uess location; rent
J2S: investigate and in_i;t an offer; a rare
and erood chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 2G'_
Kearny tt.
A— MOOo; SALOON on Market Ft.; place estab-
Iithed many years and doing a large busi-
¦ . ness; net rent $135; sickness in ramlly cora-
• i+!s owner to sacrifice; a mint. Cal! R. G.
WILKE. TSM Kearny st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries andbarsi
300 candy and icecream stores, 500 restau-
rants. 9V> stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a ousiness call and tee us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S33 Market st
BARBER shop. 3 chains, with baths; clears $30
week. WALTER HAYES & CO.. &3S Mar-
ket Et. . . . . t- , ¦
FCR private rale— Some of best saloons Inc'.ty
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
A— CANDY store in Western Addition $550 j
I Delicacy store: &ood stock- no oppcwsitlon. 500
Saloon in business district : 4:00 ¦
Sslocn near beach, $100; saloon and lods- •
ing-house .' 590 j
Photograph gallery; pays well: Market 'st 2000
• Merchandise business fn good town i»0O j
Corner grocery and bar. from JSOO up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses
delicacy stores, in all parts of city, from $150
MP- EITEL & CO.. 1C32 Market -Et. '
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars res-
taurants. bakeries, candies, clears, notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt!
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches"
chicken canches and eeneral ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
ONE of the oldest and best-paying saloons in
Sacramento; a great chance to make money:
trial, given before buying. Business Board
Trade, 226 Pine St.; phone Davit 326.
$450' WILL buy the best restaurant bargain In
the business center: Montgomery ed; call to-
day. ' LUNDIN' & CO.. 906 Market st.
DUCK and chicken ranch for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN, 777 Market Et.
DON'T invert $1 in any investment until you
see the Business Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
«HOEMAKING and repairing business In
Oakland fcr Bale: union prices; proprietor
leaving the city. Box 2237, Call office. Oakld.
BARBER shop wanted. 4 chairs and up. for
cash: state full particulars; - no agents. C
R.. 1707% Jones' Et ..--•-¦- -
U'ANTED— Partner with $500, in merchandise
business: situated in good mining town.. Box
4115. Call office. , ' .
DOWNTOWN morning paper route for sale.
Box "4118, Call office. . „ ,
nUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st. '
$S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; dally receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$1800— GROCERY, fruit and produce store doing
1 ¦ a business of $45 per day; full value In sight.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny et.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$500— CANDY store and icecream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alom
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to investigate; HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400
or, owner will self half-interest to good busi-
ness man for $S00; will Guarantee $180 to $300
per month HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny 6t. : .
WHEN you want to sell or buy a payin_busi-
ne<?s call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; telephone Main 1604.
BREWERY doing a good business In a prosper-
ous town of 2000 inhabitants, 40 miles from
San Francisco; situate on the principal street
in center of town; dwelling and other build-
ings on premises; several adjacent towns pup-
plied with beer; only brewery In the vicinity;
sold on account of death of the owner; rare
chance to purchase a prosperous business:
liberal credit given. Address GERTRUDE E.
JORDAN. Livermore, CaK
NEIGHBOR— If you are in town this week or
coming In call at Smiths' Cash Store, 25 and
27 Market st., for a complete outfit of gents'
furnishing goods— shirts, underwear, gloves
and neckwear. You will -find them on the
thfl-d floor; prices are right; so are the goods.
A MAN who can be recommended, acquainted
with merchandise and general business, to
take charge of a large storage place on
shares; sure Income; good pay; permanent
work. Apply for details and particulars 27
Market st. •
IF you would engage In a profitable business,
requiring little or no capital, yielding a small
income, with good prospect of increase, call
or address Smiths' Caeh Store, 25 Market st.
$5000 BUSINESS for sale: profit 37 per cent;
established 10 years; located on transfer cor-
ner; best location in city. Apply A. J. RICH
& CO.. 112 Montgomery st. .
! FOR SALE — Grocery Etore, horse and wagon;
j large outside route. ANDREW JACOBSEN,
21st and Folsom sts.
AN excellent opportunity Is offered for parties
with capital to earn a good income- on safe
investment. 118 Phelan building.
CANDY store and factory for sale cheap on ac-
count of sickness; good paying business. Ap-
ply 841 Folsom st. • " :
A— $400; RESTAURANT for sale, four living
rooms; nice trade, nice place; rent cheap;
suitable for man and. wife; going East; must
be sold. Box 419S. Call office. •
STATIONERY, notion- bazaar; living rooms;
established 20 years; near schools; downtown;
owner leaving city; price $1100; a bargain.
Address box 4147. Call office. ,
SNAP— Dairy depot clearing $200 per day; make
offer; must be sold. Address A., box 17. Call. '
A— FOR sale— A small tailor shop; good loca-
j tlon; doing _ood business. Inquire at 1220
! Webster, bet. 9 a. ai. and 1 p. m.
1 FOR sale— Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
i at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
I .
j LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Ar^AMERON -^ go'^~^~~~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
j Rooms 21, 22 and 33. Phone Bush 328.
I If you have hotel, rooming house or business
' to sell list with us. We have cash cu-ston lers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 rooms; oak furn.; good transient $2510
24 rooms; fine furniture and carpets 2250
10 rooms; central; well furnished 450
! 15 rooms; furn.; carpets extra good 1050
1 33 rooms; permanent and trans.; elegant. 3500 j
18 rooms; rent $65; elegantly furn; p«rm. 1600 j
IS rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans.. 1500 !
20 rooms; rent $60; water free; good furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
19 rooms; rent $G0: clears $70 1000
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
719 Market st.. by the Call building.
5 flats. of 6 rooms each; $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms each: $700 to 390
46 houses. 15 to 20 rooms; $1600 to 750
34 houses, 22 to 30 rooms: $2700 to 1000
22 houses. 31 to 42 rooms; $1000 to 1800
19 houses 44 to HO rooms ;> $3000 to..'. 2000
i 26 big houses and city hotels. Call for list.
; WALTER HAYES & CO.
i GREET
PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
' Watch this space next week fcr • an unprece-
dented list of Bargains in Houses. .
838 Market st
ATTENTION BUYERS!
' Tou may buy any roomlr.g-house In
1 the city, and pay for -It,
in monthly payrr.ents
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
Sa ROOMS; rent $S0; receipts about $20O....$S50
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month... 650
I $300— Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very cheap
¦ rent: water fref: nays good profit. HORN,
j SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
: 18 ROOMS; Mission rt.: rent $C0: price $723. j
: 12 rooms; Mason st. : rent $45; price $750.
j H rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
¦ 13 rooms on Eddy St.: rent $5S; price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth St.
I BOARDING hous3, 12 miles from San Fran-
cisco: 14 rooms nnd larpe yard, stable and
chicken-houses; 10 to 12 steady boarders;
rent S15 or lease. Apply to N. F. PATTER-
! SON, 7C5% Tennessee St.. Potrero. •
i FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st., opp. Mason.
I If a bargain we have them at any price.
1 1G ROOMS — Only IS 50: fine location, near Mar-
; ket; fine transient. FISHER, 935 Market St.
1 JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market Et.— A good list
I of lodging-houses. _^^^^^
spiritualis3i.
mr?Tj]~jT wUitney—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1161 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis-
mt. car; sit.. $1; letter. J2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
I and life affairs: trance circles Tuesdays,
j Thursdays and Sundays. S p. m.. 25c; other
evening. 50c: reading* daily. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m.. $1: ladies. 50c. 305 Larkin St.. rms. 87-SS. !
SPIRIT test circle to-nlsht, 10c: readlnrs and
spirit i-hoto-raphs daily. ARNOLD DICK-
SON. 148 Sixth st. .
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
ct.; tel. Howard 2711- hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
SISTER JULIA'S banffit seance by C. V. Mil-
ler to-nlRht. S o'clock; 10c. 1084 Bush st. v
Mrs. Gillingham. spiritual — lfetinjr, S n. m.. 10c;
bring sealed quest. 303 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Clrcl? to-night, 8:13; sittings,
10 to 4. 1S03 Stockton Bt", near Greenwich.
EARLE. C22 Geary r.t.. telephone Polk 1297—
Rcading-s daily: sear.c^s Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission St..
nr. 10th— Clr. Sun. & Frl. eves.: sitt'gs daily.
MEETING to-nig-ht. 1238 Howard— Convincing
test readings dally. MRS. MAXWELL.
MRS. ANTHONY, medium. 22S'/4 Sixth Bt.;
ladle?. 25 cents; pents, BO cents.
MRS: DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 313 Turk
Bt.: hours. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33T> McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
VAvpr: P'ttlnirs d*liv: test to nil to-n|jtht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic. _gve or business, troubles, consult this great
inei%im and you will be tcld how to overcome
- them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ',
BROESKtH BROESKET BROESKE!
The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm-
ists. gi\ r es advice on all affairs of life: -reads
your entire life, past, present and foture;
your character, talent, abilities and health;
perfect satisfaction by mail; gives advice In
regard to profession, love affairs, business,
speculation; shows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes In the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $L 203 Turk St.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120b Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special .terms. Dally and Sunday.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, ' '-without asking questions, looking at
tongue cr feeling of pulse: tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pothic Co.. 1382 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.— Circle Tuesday
and Friday 8 o'clock; Wednesday 2:30, 10c;
readings. DOc. , .
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, -never
fails: readings, EOc. 8 Hayes st.. »r. Market.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor. Cth'
CLAIRVOYANTS — •Con«lnnt<l.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and -future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up: satisfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215«4 Sixth.
MME. VALEEN, 1027% Market st.. near 6th,
palmist and life reader, ; psychic and , mag-
netic healer; Cures disease and habits;'
teaches how to influence people and be suc-
cessf-I in love -and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents. $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; ¦ past
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. -room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, . card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
,MME. ZEREDA, the Kj'psy; palmist, card read-
er; 25c up; leaves May. 20. 7 Seventh .'st.
MRS. BROWN: clairvoyant. card reader;
ladies, 25c; gents, 50c. 132 Sixth Et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life tfiuently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. a Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
Jones & Co.. reliable carpet-cleaners and reno-
vators. 25-27 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-becting Works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351..
SANITARY cleaning and dyelnsr company. 342-
344 McAllister Bt. : phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-10 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel: Mission^4.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter s_. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. : telephone Jessie 944. - \
CONKLJN'S Carpet-Beatinc Work?, Z21 Golden
Hate ave. : telephone Ei\_t 126. "
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, rhll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION .OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Xo charge un-
)fts fuocersful. Roo~i 310. '.'27 Market st. -
DENTISTS. • (
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
! J3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
i flee hours, 9 a. m. to ]0 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER,«.M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
ajld ' fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painlessi method: 20 years'
experience; no -students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
COc; plates. $0: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors,- 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in ordsr to build up a prac- j
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and brldse work at bedrock prices: payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling: no hammering
as before: absolutely no pain: call inves-
tigate: examinations fre<*. Ideal Dental Co.,
6 Eddy St., rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full p»t of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary. nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bid.?.
LOWEST Prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
EOc. N. Y. T)entists. 96? Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of ' teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOHNOT1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milinery School —
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. '121 Post, ovor O'Connor & Ifnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^LLAGHE^MARSH 'T^lIeg^rTaTrotrbTdlT—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
5. F.— EooUkeeplng, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
. & night sessions ; new 80-"page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
6. eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg- J
raphy. etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual j
instructions; positions secured; catalosue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical,
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
vtlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
' can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical aeencr securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil, el ec.minlnB.niech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113. Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Grejrg shorthand costs nnly $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bcokkeepinc; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.'
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-13,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction: catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils in nil branches in
oil paintlnar' by very competent lady teacher;
f.Cc. Box E. Call office.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. 1008
Mission: concert May ?9. Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writirg,
etc. : day or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPUTIC-
Electric-C-hemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blond & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and House-
cleanir.g fCo.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house , servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Ptfwell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; ; all kinds help. 1U46 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. .315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment ' office—
Best help. 411'A O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN woman, raised in America, is a
good cook, wishes a situation to do
work. Call at 609 Howard st. ; wages mod-
erate.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do* most any kind of work; good
• references; wages $1 '.per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. ' 60 Third st., upstairs.
A MIDDLE-AGED* woman wants housework
by day or month. $10 to $12 a month. Call
or write EG Hermann st., 9 a. m. to 5 n m
MRS. REVESS. \ .• '
WNTED by a middle-aged woman — A situation
to do housework; is good plain cook and neat
worker; no objection to short distance In
country. 34 Slx|h st. . ;.¦'.-
GERMAN girl wants situation as plain cook
in private family in Oakland*. Apply 473
Sixth St.; the Prescott House, Oakland, Cal.,
room 12. . . , -,, ¦ . , ¦-..-... . \
STRONG woman wants work by the. day;
washing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. 'Apply
212 Clara st. (rear). , ,
FIRST-CLASS , laundress, specialist on fine
baby clothes, • wants to take work home.
. £20 Treat ave. .
RESPECTABLE woman, good "cook, desires
housework In small f_mlly; small washing.
20 Eleventh st.' -¦¦-¦"; j '¦' .' '
REFINED woman; housekeeper or managing
housekeeper, for hotel; fine cook; 1 no objection
to country. Box 4130. Call.,
GERMAN girl wants position, for < upstairs
work; wages $15. 271 Lexington ave. , . ..
YOUNG girl wishes- situation to do housework.'
Call at SC9 Thirteenth st. ; no cards.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH~"g*irl wants to do houseworic in
American family. Please call 1209B Florida
St.; near Twenty- fourth^
RESPECTABLE girl would like position to as-
sist with child and light upstairs work. Call
at 20 Middle St., off California.
YOUNG woman wishes position in v small. family
as working housekeeper; references, ex-
changed. Address R. B., 1941 Mission St. .
WOMAN would like to do up curtains; reas-
onable. Box 4143. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 -week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage *o and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. . .
.EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A "YOUNG man wishes position as under press-
man on pants; 11 months' experience. .Call at
215 Sixth st. ."-.,-¦
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
place or residence; many years experience:
steady and sober man. Please | address 1309
Stockton Bt. ¦ . I
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture; reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
drcs3 1033 Union st. _____
AN architect and civil engineer wishes to do
work at home; does quick work and at rea-
• sonable prices. Address 1033 Union st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes position as cook
or waiter. : Address 931 Sacramento st. ; R. T.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been' established at 109S
Valencia st. 'j - . ¦ " .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
FEATHER RE^NO__ATiyG. _
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 M.Ission. cor. 5th.
_j_ FIXAXCIAL.
I 400 SHARES capital stock of Smiths' Cash
Store at $30 per share, par value $100; 10 per
cent guaranteed on purchase price; a piofit-
sharlng . proposition. Apply 27 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
MO^E^N^p^er~lflaT^f~4~rooms at 941 San-
chez st. Key at 310»i Waller st.
SUNNY corner, 4 rooms and bath; up-to-date;
$20. 1694 Page st., corner Clayton.
TWO new elegant flats just finished; 8 rooms,
bath; rent $42 50. 1523 Clay st.. near Hyde.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for " $1, •
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, bath; 2 beds;
pas and coal stoves; 1 all necessaries. 1917
Geary st.
MODERN furnished flat, 6 rms. & bath, piano,
etc., to Sept. 1; cheap. 1530 Grove. 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITUnE FOR SALE.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A.. B. SMITH Furniture Co., .123
and 132 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
rango. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSEHOLD goods for sale at 2515 Chestnut
ave., Alameda. Cal.; call Thursday. , .
ASSORTMENTS of ' furniture, carpets and
/stoves: give us. a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED,
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
.etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1341.
BEFORE disposing of your ! furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st.; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent,1303 Lftrkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY- buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos. Ptc. 11S5 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
HELP, WANTED FEMALE. -
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 cooks, summer resorts; see party here. .$30-35 •
Laundress, summer resort '...... ....$30
Assistant laundress .....'..' ". .....'...$20
Waitresses, hotels, resorts, city, country.... $20
Mangier ". v .•.......$25
Woman for washing institution $20
FAMILY - DEPA RTMENT. -
Cooks, house girls, 2d girls,- nurse girls, city
and country, at going wages.......
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— JAPANESE woman cook for small family,
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for club short distance in
country, $35; 6 cooks, plain wash, city, $30:
10 waitresses, ¦ city and country, $£O-$25; . 2
waitresses for summer resort, J20; restauranf
waitresses, city, $7-$9 week; second girl, $30;
2 laundresses, city, $30-$35; ladles' maid, $20;
'second girl and sewing. $20, and all kinds of
housework at $20-J25-$30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone" Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, Lake Tahoe, $20; 5 waitresses,
different resorts, $20; 16 waitresses, city and
country, $20; 2 waitresses, same hotel, $25; 4
chambermaids to wait, $20; cook, no dish-
washing: ISO.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
25 girls of all nationalities for first-class city
and country places, $15 to $30. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO... 335 Geary st.
A NURSE for one child; Oakland; see party 10
o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 312 Sutter st.
TEN more, young girls, residing.' at home, to
learn operating; paid while learning. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and button hole maker
on ladies' tailor garments; also apprentice.
BARON, Ladles' Tailor, 22 and 21 Grant avt.
YOUNG girl to press children's wear; one who
can sew on machine preferred. 220 Sutter St.,
room 25.
STENOGRAPHER, who uses Smith Premier;
state system of shorthand and experience.
Box 4149. Call office.
LADY bookkeeper for manufacturing concern;
state experience and salary. Address 1941
Mission st. ' •
FIRST-CLASS finisher and operator on vests;
also apprentices. 528 Stevenson st. .
EXPERIENCED waitresses; permanent posi-
tions; also extras; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason.
PANTS finishers; steady work. ROYAL PANTS
CO., 223 Kearny st. ¦ ' '
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at Go. ro..thls evening.
CHAMBERMAID at 321 Ellis st. (The Rose-
dale.)
"WANTED— A waist hand; also apprentice.
Room 66. Murphy building. ¦,..--
GIRL . wanted to strip and book tobacco. 631
Washington st. -
NEAT, reliable girl fjr general housework.
1372 Masonic ave., bet. Waller and Frederick?
GIRL wanted to learn bookbinding. R. I.
__VHELAN & CO., 42-44 Steuart st.
WANTED— Waitresses. Hotel Repeller, 781
Sutter st:
A LADY to manage lodging-house of 12 rooms.
Apply 837 Mission st.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2 wks.;
. entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Hairdressing College, .574 Geary.
GIRL for second help and light housework; 'sal-
ary good. Inquire drug store, 4267 Mission st.,
' near Silver ave. ' . . :. ' <
YOUNG girl wishing good home; family one
lady; no washing; light housework. 2218
¦ Webster st. • ' •
COOK and second girl for Alameda; one that
has worked in German or Jewish family -pre-
f erred. Box 41S0. Call. __. _____
WANTED— Experienced operators ¦ and - finish-
ers on Bhlrts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. C35 Market st. >
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32H Fremont St. Apply • to
MR. DAVIS. . " ,. . ".,-.-:
WANTED— A . woman, German ' preferred, for
; general housework and cooking In Alameda.
Call mornings at j3S Polk St., city. .
ASSIST ANT. in office, age 15 to 18; salary $15
per month; hours 8 till 6. . Box 4128. Call office.
WANTED— Woman of intelligence,. sympathetic
with sick people.' Box 4200. Call office.
GIRL for general housework. . 661 - Howard
street. •" .- -.. -'•.¦¦¦ .»'.;
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking; paid
k whlle. learning. 1542 Webster, st. .-
GOOD hands on vests, machine and hand; good
wages proper parties. 641V4 Stevenson st. -
COMPETENT dressmaker .Immediately; . good
wages. 848 Haight st. . '
L HELP WAXTKP--FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children: must have good refer-
ence: wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196, San Rafael.
EXPERIENCED operators cm electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS. 531
Mission st. .. . ' ¦:.--' - ¦
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers, who und*r-
stand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.\~ }
i AT. C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant "185
WANTED FOR NEW R. R. WORK
; Gang of teamsters, Bakersfleld $2
. ¦ Free Fare. . . ; ' .Free Fare
Gang of teamsters, Ukiah .........$2
Gang of laborers, Uklah $2
Tunnelmen and plowholder-i. Ukiah.. $2 25
All for Cal. & N. W. R. R,
Free Fare. Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK, BIG TUNNEL
100 tunnelmen... $2, $2 50
50 outside laborers around tunnel $1 75
All fcr S. P. R. R. Co., L. A. Co......
Free Fare Free Fare
100 laborers for ballasting track... $1 75
For S. P. Co.'s Own Work.....
..Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Divisions..
Free Fare ...- Free Fare
¦ Coal miners; 50 men for country sawmills; 50
tiemakers and boltmakers; 50 woodchoppers;
milkers, farmers, . choremen ; German and
Scandinavian farmers; man to ride horseback
and assist milking, summer resort, $25 and
free fare; shampooer for Turkish baths,
north, $40; 100 Italian laborers and teamsters.
....HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPT
100 cooks, bakers, waiters, kitchen hands for
country hotels, resorts, springs and restau-
rants and a number for the city as extra and
steady; best of wages. '
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ........ ...104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Pnone Ma'.n 5848
Leading — Employment — and — Labor — Agents.
.......... WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Free fare. ...WE— SHIP— TO-DAY. ..Free fare
LOS ANGELES— SANTA BARBARA-and
ALL OTHER DIV. IN CAL.
150 laborers, no oxperienee* required, S. P. R.
R. Co.'3.own wtrk..$l 75 and $2 day. free fare
MECHANICAL-HELP
Harness maker, ranch ...$40 and found
Wood turner 'and band sawyer $3 day
2 carpenters; millwright; • cutoff sawyer;
'¦wheelwright, country shop; 12 blacksmiths
and helpers, ranches and country shops ;
wood worker, camp, i
Blacksmith lor ranch, HO to $60 and found,
see boss tere.
TO— THE— GOLD— AND— SILVER— MINES.
4 machine miners, new gold mine.. $90
2 machine miners, gold mine North $98
Married furnace man, $65; 6 single hand min-
ers; 10 quarry men; fireman for furnace.
MISCELLANEOUS
Catholic j handy man, institution; choreman
and wife, small Institution.
25 men and boys to pick fruit.. $23 & $30 & fd
10 laborers, sawmills and wods.$26. fare paid
1E0 laborers, city and country. -$1 75 & $2 day
10 teamsters, near city .$1 75 day.
50 farmers and hay makers.... $30 and $35
25 milkers, city and country. $30 and $35
Buggy washer and hostlers, city and country;
15 choremen and boys $20, $25, $30
¦ 'Bus driver, country hotel.
T COOKS— BAKERS— WAITERS
E0 cooks,' city and country $40 to $80
50 waiters, city and country $25 to $40
waiter and dishwasher, same mine. .$25 & $20
15 bakers, city and country.., $40 to $80
...Laundry Help — Bartender — Kitchen Help...
4 cooks, small ranches; porters, 'bellboys, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay^st.
AT The California Employment Agency,
59 Third St., phone Bush 405.
Railroad men, free fare.
50 railroad laborers '.. we ship-to-day
Free fare Free fare Free fare
20 men for rock crusher $2 per day
10 laborers for. quarry ..$2 per day
10 mill and woodsmen. free fare
6 men to make ties.. ...lie, free fare
6 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft $1 25 per cord
10 hay makers $1 25 to $2 per day
4 stone masons, city ...$4 to $5 per day
4 milkers.' .' $35 per month
10 lumber pliers.. $35 to $45 per month & beard
BUTTER maker, no milking, $i0 and found;
driver for milk wagon, $35 to $40 and found;
English, Scotch or Irish stableman. $30 and
found ; private stable, groom, $30 and found ;
gardener, $30 and found; man about place,
$25 and found; German for wine cellar, $1 25
day; farmers, $25 and $S0 and $1 25' day:
milkers, $30; 6 miners,- $2 day and board, and
$2 E0 day; carmen for mine, $2 day; laborers,
quarrymen; sheepherder, $25 and found; team-
. sters; boys for factory and 1 mills; 2 men to
pick cherries, 75c day, * and others. J. ' F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, country hotel, $40 arid found;
Scotch or American baker | for country, $60
and found; 2 bakers, country shops, $40 • and
$50 and fund; baker's helper for country, $20
•and found; .boy to learn baker's trade, $10
and found and Increase: waiters, country ho-
tels, $30; restaurant cooks, ¦ waiters, dishwash-
ers, and others. J. SV CROSETT & CO., 62S
SACRAMENTO st. * *
WANTED— Man and wife for country hotel;
wife as waitress and man to help in kitchen,
$40. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
JOURNEYMEN 'Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market ,st.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate .habits, who' can speak, read and i
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer/ 121 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, Cal. •__
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; abie-bodled unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply at the- Recruiting
Of flcp. 40 Ellis- st.. Saj Frenclajbo
WANTED — A boy to learn the palntlnsr trade.
Call to-day between 12 and 1 o'clock at 181
Fourth st. . - _, . . ¦
WANTED— Steady mar.: light indoor work;.wlil
pay $75 per month to start: steady place;
, must have $150. READ & CO..- 1007H Market.
WANTED— Good foreman for planing mill. Ap-
ply at INGLER & YOUNG'S, Fourth and
Washington sts., Oakland.
¦WANTED — Men to lay composition roofing;
-quick nailers. Call Friday morning, 1163
.Washington St., Oakland.
MAN to do chores and make himself useful
arbur.d place: 10 miles out of city; fare paid.
Call at 212'Ellis St.. 10 o'clock a. m.
UNDERPRESSERS on pants wanted by, S. N.
WOOD & CO. Apply' at factory, 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Hatroom boy. FOSTER'S Dancing
School. 1358 Market st.
OLD established barber shop to let; equipped;
good stand. 3510 Valencia st
OLD man wanted to make beds at 330 Main st.
STRONG boy wanted. 134 Guerrero. St., be-
tween 2 and 5 o'clock.'
UNION barber: steady job. 1145 Valencia st. '
UNION barber wanted Wednesday. Saturday
and Sunday; good wages. 2197% Powell st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Oak Barber Shop, 111
EUls st. "¦ -
BOYS to distribute circulars. Apply K. S. C.
Medical Co., 1236 Market St., rooms 121-122.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $80 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St., room 1.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. . .
STRONG boy wanted for a bakery. Apply
313 Sixth st. . "¦'"¦/
FIRST-CLASS coatmakcr to work at home.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st.
COOK wanted for boardlns hfluse. 322 Main
street. , ' . ,
SALOON porter; single*; must be neat. Ap-
. ply . 760 Howard St., after 9 a. - m. .
WANTED— Dishwasher. Hotel Repeller, 781
Sutter st. ¦¦¦'_.- . : ' ; .
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton. st. '
FOR SALE — Plumbing and tinning shop. Ap-
ply 411 Third street.
10c SHOP for sale; $65; 'must be sold'this week.
109*4 Fifth st. » "-¦'¦'» '".--'-'
BAKERS and confectioners wanted; wages $30
to $S0. 6S7 Broadway, "American Bakeryi" "
WANTED^-Card writer and sketch artist for
advertising work. - Address box 4134. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes. cllghUy damaged, half
yjrice." J62 Mission nt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. •-,...
GOOD pants presser wanted. 1000 Harrison
_ st.; corner Sixth. .
WANTED— Good "tailor to work inside on cus-
tom' coats. 927 ; Market eti, room 623.
BARBER shop for sale. See BLOOMHEART,
: 66 Second st.
RELIABLE 2-chalr barber shop for . sale; a
month's rent already paid. 101% Sacramento.
FIRST-CLASS bread . baker foreman ; also sec-
ond hand; good wages. 'Box 4199,' Call office. .
WANTED— Union ¦ -barber; steady situation.
5ia "Broadway. . >
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3058'
Twenty-fourth ' st.
WANTED— A grocery - clerk - over 25 years of
age; unmarried. ¦ Boi , 4197 'Call .' office.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop for sale . cheap. 14
.Turk St.,.-' ... ¦-, v # - v .
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. E62 Mission St., bet. "1st and 2d sts. .
HELP WAXTEP— MALE— Con.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade; w«
teach the work' in 2 months; donate complete
outfit of tools; give Saturday wages; grant
diplomas and pay $15 weekly when compe-
tent; the. new barber law , increases demana
for our graduates; catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 63o Clay.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment <X<* right party and nrst-
claes wages. Apply id A. MEISTER & SONS
" CO.. Sacramento, Cq|. -
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers* Assocla-
tion. 127 Mason et.. {restaurant help of all
kinds; male ard female: register at once;
permanent positions; good pay. :
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. f
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale in best
mining town in State. . See party between \i
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. EUls st. i
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
Q. A. R.. room 4O._Phelan bldg.. SOS Market.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; permanent
position to good man; state references and
salary. Box 4133, Call office.
POPULAR chef, owning union restaurant,
wants partner with $300. LUNDIN & CO..
9C6 Market st. _j ' m
WANTED— Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co.. 1145 Market st.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to loam barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st. ,
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys., '
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 318.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— "CO rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22Qtt Flllmore st.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AM) WAGONS.
40 HOHSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
' S27 ' Sixth st. : atiction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. ' Auctioneers.
S. F VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A BARGAIN— Strong light two-seated spring
wagon: also go-cart. 1923 Howard st.
GOOD end spring piano: box buggy. $25; also
1 cheap horse. Apply -238 Fulton st.
ALL kinds of wagons, butrgl9S. carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for s-ale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let — A fine bay-window house.. 769 McAllis-
ter st.: 10 rooms, large yard, etc., by JOHN
PFORR. 403 Pine St. ; ¦
X3 — FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated,
.with enameled sink and patent chimney; its
own toil»t. 310 Clementina St., in the yard;
key 782 Folsom st.
$45.00—8 ROOMS; large finished basement; suit-
able for dressmaker; large yard. 1613 Bush.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal magnetism,
etc.. privately. Geo. W. Burke. 618 G. G ave.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary St.,
either in car or on street, lady's, brown purse,
containing $15 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office, Claus
Sl>reckels building.
LOST— Thursday, May 9. coat containing mem-
orandum book with deed of some property.
A. RICHTER. Twenty-fourth and San Bruno
ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— Purse containing $35 gold coin; liberal
reward if returned to L. WEINAND, 534
Clay st.
Wanted — Old gold fcr manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jewelr. US O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis St.
ALL contemplating" matrimony send 13 cent3
for "The Weddine Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MA^TiKE^iET^nT^mo^rsT^teT South ~7927
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: «>xDert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
abl». HOPKK BROS.. 318-33) Eleventh st.
MACHINERY— Boaeht. Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines, second-hand and other
machinery bought and sold. EPSTEIN. 538
Mission st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
cbtaln results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; nil classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most, dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods ctWr-
antecd. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Markt.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints; th«
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1121
Market ft., next to Owl Drus: Ptore.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies— No medicine or
pills used: 37 years' experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed: cure in one day ; % call
, on r physician with men's knowledge. 'DR.
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason St.,
rear Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladies'
Fpeclalists: ?2 years' practice: all cases treated
1 y our wonderful herb , remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn sam» day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th — Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable: L'3 yrs. experience: treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR WTETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs."
Fuocessful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; an.v aliment; home before and durins
confinement! 342 Post. bet. Hyde and Lajkln.
MRP. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
rioic* cwHsiHei. he«t n~i«><n«-s»' r*ar n : l«w fees.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people cac
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; dc
¦not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. •
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~
....'.... IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
C30 Market st,- Loans on estates, in probate,
undivided interests in estates, ' second mort-
gages. etc. .
ANY proposition, any. amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estate?,'. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first, 2d, and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay.; set my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private, place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
DN furniture, pianos: no removal; money
qulc-k; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. . W; J>»HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or secur-
Ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
1% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity HILL, r. «.- Merchants' Ex.. 431 Califnla.
rASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott building. . "
DN salaries or wajres*: no lndorsar required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
IIOO.COO TO loan on real estate or for building; <
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2. i
3ASH loaned to salaried people on note without !
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— J6CC0 at 6 per cent on ample secur-
ity; short or long term. US Phelan building.
MONTEZUMA COPPEK.
Monteauma Copper.
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coal.
Montezuma Coal. ,
Montezuma Coke.
Montezuma Coke.
Montezuma Coke.
Thousands of people have read the»« an-
nouncements with more or less Interest who
have not yet applied for a copy of the pros-
pectus or report from the mines. Every share-
holder has received a copy of the reports as
Issued from time to time and haa read therein
that which has added to his confidence In the
company and tha properties. While the reports
are Intended primarily for shareholder*, we
are willing the world should read them. The
Montezuma Company haa no secrets. It I*
willing and even anxious that the light of day-
be turned upon Its properties- and its business
management. The report follows:
OFFICE OF MONTECTJMA MINING CO.
TACOMA. Wash., April 8, 1901.
To the Stockholders:
Agreeably to the Intention expressed In my
February letter, to from time to time issue
a report on the progress of the Company, it
gives me much pleasure to state that the last
60 days have been very prolific In develop-
ments.
COPPER PROPERTIES.
The night and day shifts at our Tacoma
Group of Mines have been doing good work.
We are Just in receipt of the first report, since
the date of my previous letter. The tunnel
Is now in 140 feet, the ore has been classified
and placed on the several dumps. The Su-
perintendent sent in three samples of -ore from
three separate places in the tunnel, a copy
of the assays of which I herewith submit.
Description.
~~i i W~
3 "3 3
¦O V V
itlNTjR ALS ** 5* ST
Jr" -f* *» ?*
• • ;
Gold oz BO-100 80-100 40-100
Silver oz 8-5 S-* «-8
ffi e \!?l?.^:::::::: &% »f& 8'S
Silver $3 10 »3 04 $4 08
Copper J80 51 $79 68 *27 a
Total value per ton 195 61 $100 72 $39 29
(Concentrates 5 in 1.)
Please note that the assayer's test shows
that our No. 3, which is concentrating, would
concentrate 5 into 1. which would give the con-
centrates a value of $196 45 per ton. from
which a small allowance would have to be
mads for a loss in the process of concentra-
tion, if water is used; but it Is our present in-
tention to concentrate by smelting. In which
event the loss would be very small.
I might here add that while groins; In on
the "Tacoma Mine" tunnel, each miner is tak-
ing out per day approximately $20 00 worth of
ore and putting it on the dump. 'VSSe have to-
day several thousand dollars' worth of this on
the dump, and this, while simply doing tunnel
work, shows the great richness of the Tacoma
Mine.
Our force on this property has Just been
doubled, and by the first of July we antici-
pate having a compressed air plant aad power
drills in operation.
The five feet of snow reported at our copper
properties will delay the starting of work on
the Chicago and Blue Star Groups until some
time in May.
COAL MINES.
Since my last report In February we have
been constantly at work with a crew of over
30 men and can .report satisfactory progress.
We have opened up on the 'surface S veins
of coking coal; one 11 feet wide, one 8 feet
wide, one 7 feet wide, one 4% feet wide, one
3 feet wid» and one 5 feet wide. By the aid
of this development we have been able to lo-
cate two permanent drifts which will crosscut
the strata and develop the 14 veins known to
exist on our property. . • .'
A wagon road from Fairfax to the mine has
been completed, and we now have on the
ground a water wheel, air compressor and
power drill, which will be In operation during
the present month. We have a sawmill also
upon the ground which is being Installed and
which will be in operation this month.
•' We are now driving entries on the coal and
pllinE the coal up ready for shipment in May.
RECENT PURCHASE. .
We have just purchased 1G0 acres of coal
land, adjoining the property we are operating,
and which will be worked through, the same
entries. The land is covered -with the finest
of fir and cedar. This property belongs ex-
clusively to our Company and Is a very valu-
able piece of land. Sincerely yours,
(Signed) C. W. THOMPSON, President.
KEEP ABREAST OF THE TIMES.
There is Indisputable evidence that an era
of great prosperity Is dawning for the Pacific
Coast. Representatives of rich Eastern syn-
dicates are traveling the length and breadth
of the Coast for the purpose of determining its
resources in the base minerals such as cop-
per, iron and coking coal. These representa-
tives have suceeded . beyond their most san-
guine expectations, as the following extract
from the New York Commercial will testify:
"For several months past representatives of
strong New York syndicates have been looking
over the Pacific Coast from Mexico to Alaska,
examining in the most critical and thorough
manner the iron ami coking coal deposits in
order to determine the possibility of establish-
ing furnaces, rolling mills, plate and structural
works on Puset Sound. Doubt was expressed
by Eastern associates regarding the ability to
find iron and coal in sufficient quantity and
of the right quality for a large plant. But
that doubt ia now dispelled. They have se-
cured the San Ysidro Iron mines in Lower
California, where expert examination shows
20.000.0CO tons of ore cropping above ground.
They have found laree Iron deposits in Wash-
ington. British Columbia and Alaska, all with-
in easy distance of tidewater. They have been
equally successful in locating coking coal in
large quantities, accessible to tidewater and
cheap transportation. Thi3 coa! makss coke
.equal to that produced at Ccnnellsville. Pa.
These coal fields are in the vicinity of Seattle
and Tacoma. and a number of mines have In-
stalled plants and are supplying coke to smelt-
ers and foundries. The New Yorkers have dis-
covered that they can produce pigiron and steel
billets as cheaply on Pug-et Sound as they are
produced in Pittsburg or Birmingham, and have
as profit the $12 per ton charged for trans-
portation across the- continent. The consump-
tion of -iron on the Pacific Coast is 1000 tons a
day. with increasing demand. The Orient also
affords a great market. It Is the purpose of
the New York syndicate to build a plant with
a present capacity of 10OO tons daily. They
look upon the Pacific Coast as the greatest un-
occupied Iron field in the world, where trusts
or combinations cut no figure and large profits
are permanently assured. They anticipate the
beginning of the" foundation for the furnace
plant within sixty days, and will push It to
early completion. They are receiving great en-
couragement from foundry and shipbuilding
people all over the Coast, who assure them
unbounded success." •
The above Is one of many eigna of time, all
of which go to show the enormous develop-
ment assured the Pacific Coast within tha
next few years. It is for the reader to deter-
mine whether or not he shall share largely In
this prosperity or whether he shall plod along
in the same old rut. It Is our candid opinion,
and that opinion Is shared by 600 people who
hold Its stock, that the Montezuma Minlnff
Company will make more money for Its share-
holders (the present low price of- the stock
considered) than any other company on tha
Coast. The mines are rich in copper naA cok-
ins coal, and have only to be developed to
become great dividend payers. The co-opera-
tive, principle adopted by the Company makes
It possible for anybody to share In the profits.
EXCURSION TO THE .MINES.
We are glad to show the Montezuma pron-
erties, and that we may do so are organizing
an excursion to. Puget Sound and the mines
which will leave San Francisco June 15 In a
special train of first-class Pullman cars Fare
for . the round trip, . including sleeper «0 or
free transportation to the purchaser jst *30O0
shares of stock for cash or on Installments-
Ask for excursion folder*
PRICE OF THE STOCK.
Montezuma stock <par value Jl) may b# hail
during all of "Presidential Week" for 10c cash
or 12c on installments. We invite visitors and
others to examine specimens of copper ore
coal and coke at our offices. Ask for proal
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY A>TD TRUST
COMPANY. Financial Agents^
r^,, 3 } 9 ? afe Bulldlny,
Cor. California and Montgomery Its.
San Francisco, Cal. Telephone Main KCiThief Loots . a Gypsy's Tent.
ST. PAUL, May 14.— Leonard Wella, a
son of the "Gypsy Kingr." Isaac Wells, re
ported to the police that some unknown
person had entered his tent and robbed
him of $3460. • ' ' : ''y..
$10 25, Sari Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only twenty-six hours en route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. . . ;
Low . Bates^ — Improved Service.
VIENNA, May 14.— The papers of Vlen
r.a publish j alleged details of a j plot pro
moted by members of the Young Turkey
party to kidnap Abdul Hamid and to pro
claim his younger brother, Prince Moham
med Rschad, Sultan. It is asserted that
the plot was frustrated by the Sultan'*
secretary. Izzett Bey, and that many per
sons supposed to be connected with It
have bee:i arrested. -;":. . : ,
nap Abdul Hamid /fre Ar
rested and Sent to Prison.
Conspirators Who Proposed to Kid-
YOUNG TURKEY PARTY
WANTS A NEW SULTAN.
The jurv waa out only a ' short time.
The verdict is a surprise, as it -was gen
erally expected that the jury would hang
or bring in an acquittal.
Mrs. Nation was convicted of breaking
into Ed Murphy's joint one Sunday morn
ing, last February. .
TOPEJCA, Kans., May 14.— The jury In
the case of Mrs. Nation, charged with
joint smashing, this evening returned a
verdict of guilty. The trial waa before
the District Court and sentence will be
pronounced to-morrow. It is the general
Impression that she will be released on the
payment of a fine and costs.
The trial of the case began yesterday.
To-day the defense had Its Inning and
made no effort to deny the truth of the
accusation. An effort was made, how
ever, to prove that Mrs. Nation was In
sane at the time of the raid.
erty in a Saloon.
tion Guilty of Destroying Prop-
SMASHER OF "JOINTS"
IS QUICKLY CONVICTED
Topeka Jury Finds Mrs. Carrie Na-
The conductors and one motorman
joined the strikers, and the wounded man
went to the hospital. He said his name
was Marshall and that he lived at Green
Point, L. I. 'Five arrests were made, and
thus ended the first day's efforts to run
cars. '
There was a perfect fusillade of stones.
They came from all directions and
crashed through windows, front, rear and
sides of the car. The men aboard dodged
and jumped from side to side to escape
and were successful with the exception of
the motorman. A great ragged edged rock
struck him full in the forehead and he
dropped to. the floor of the platform. It
was a deep, ugly gash the rock left and
the blood flowed from, it in a stream. The
unfortunate man dropped into, a pool of
his own blood that covered the entire
platform. The assistant, as soon as the
man dropped, grasped the brake and con
trolling handle and faced the mob. A few
feet more and the car was upon an Insur
mountable barricade. With a sudden jerk
it came to a stop and all aboard It were
thrown forward, one of the conductors
falling among k pile of broken glass and
receiving some ugly wounds and cuts.
Before the car had started two police
men boarded It. ' They simply made two
more targets for the stones. The car had
not gone fifty feet before one's helmet
was crushed, and the other policeman waa
in danger of having more than his helmet
damaged.
All restraint in the great crowd broke.
Through the middle of the street men ran
with women and children, mingling with
the officers of the law, whose clubs were
swinging and arms moving in vain almost
to keep the people from danger. Men
stooped to pick up stones and were over
turned, to be pushed and kicked by the
others. • .
It continued . to the Union Station and
returned, followed most of the way by
bicyclists and people in vehicles. Tne sec
ond car did not escape. When the doora
wera cpered the mob surged toward It de
spite the efforts of the police. The crew
consisted of four men . dressed in plain
clothes. As the car swung around the
curve there was a rush fbr It. but the
crowd was driven back. The committee
from the strikers was allowed to approach
the men. . . '
"Do you want to come with us, boys?
You won't regret it."
There was no response from any of the
men. The motorman, with his smile gone,
waved them aside, and the car was off
again. -
Car Wrecked, Motorman Wounded.
TIm riot to-day was full of exciting
features. At 10" o'clock two of the big
car doors swung open and out darted a
closed car with all the windows closed.
Immediately there was a roar of hisses
and stouts. Several men made an effort
to board the car, but were kept from do
ing so by policemen, one of whom was
stationed on each car step. The car made
rapid headway and almost before .the ex
pectant crowd realized what had hap
pened it was well on its way over Quail
street.
General Oliver issued an order assemb
ling at their armory the Tenth Battalion
of Albany, comprising four companies of
the National Guard Infantry, and the
Third Signal Corps, mounted. General
Oliver said that he would warn the re
mainder of the Third Brigade to be in
readiness for a call.
'The men claim that they were brought
here under a misapprehension, and they
supposed they were going to Philadelphia.
This afternoon the police practically ad
mitted that they were powerless to cope
with- the large crowds on the streets If
cars were run, and General Manager Mc-
Xamara Immediately called upon General
Oliver, in command of the Third Brigade,
fpr protection. He said:
"We intend to run our cars if It takes
the entire National Guard of New York
State to protect us."
Militia Is Called TTpon.
ALBANY. N. T.. May 14.— When dark
ness fell this evening several thousand
weary street car strikers and sympathis
ers went to their homes, but they were
replaced by as many more who took up
the vigil to prevent the United Traction
men. from running their electric cars with
non-union men. The darkness brought
some confidence that there would be no
attempt before morning to move cars, tor
two, attempts made in broad daylight bad
brought bloodshed and riot on such a
scale that the total police, aided by scores
of deputies and i Pinker ton men, had been
unable to quell the disturbance. One man
lies in a hospital seriously wounded, on*
of the two cars the company attempted to
run is in the gutter of a street not two
blocks from 'the carhouse wrecked, and
the trolley wires are cut in several places,
practically crippling the road. Near the
car houses are thousands of men, women
and children wrought up to a pitch of
frenzy that bodes ill if the doors of the
car house open to let out another car.
Inside the car house, afraid even to look
out of the grated windows, are about
seventy-five non-union men, whom the
company expects to use in running the
cars. Early this morning there were
about 150 of- them, but by nightfall sixty
five had deserted and Joined the ranks of
the . strikers."
Police Are Unable to Prevent
I Riot and Bloodshed and
Militia Is Called Out.
Disastrous Attempt Is
Made to, Run With
Imported Men.
CAR IS WRECKED
BY ALBANY MOB
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 15, 19O1.
15
HOTEL AREXVALS. j
PALACE HOTEL.
S H Rogers, Wash. DCf
T G Noyes, Napa, •
T T Williams. S Rafl
G BBufferm. St L
G Ertlco. Mass
L L Roberts, Riverside
B E Green. Los A
C H Mooers, Los A
T J Jones, USA
E Hackett, Ind
C. Emory Smith, Post
master General
Mrs Smith
John Hay, Sec State
Mrs Hay
J D Long, Sec Navy
Mrs Long
Jas Wilson, Sec Agrl •
Miss Wilson
Bee Cortelyou & w.
Assistant Sec Barnes
A J Leonard,
M Chatta, stengr
H M Thompson, A P-
W E Clark N Y Sun
Press Association
R HHazzard. Scripps
Press Association
J C Hemmett.Harper's
Weekly .
R L Dunn, Leslie's W
J H Hare. Collier's W
Chas W Brown. DC
W W Price. Wash
Evening Star
H L. "West. "Wash Poet
F B Lord, Wash Times
R A Strohmeyer.stengr
M Marean. W U Tel .
G B Ribble, Postal Tel
G W Melville, Rear- Ad
,G A Steel. Portland
F W Mulkey. Portland
I Li Patterson, Salem
H Llndley, Klamathon
J M Laehlan«& w. Cal
J E Hazeltine, Portlnd
Mrs H C .Hoyt. Pa
Mrs W H Evans, Napa
T S Phelps, U S N
J J Bryne. Los A
Edw Chambers, Los A
J M Baker, Wash, D C <
C Sugberger &. w, N Y
H "W Moore " & w. S B
Mrs B A Kennedy, Chg
A G Wells. Los A .
H E White. Los A
T J Field. . Monterey
D J Field. Monterey
Mr Moore & w. DC
Dr Degman. Wash, DC
J M Curtis, Clinton
G L Curtis & w, Ind
T R Kelly, N Y
J H Mitchell, Portland
GRAND HOTEL. .
6 H Lenz, New York
H Levy, New York
E W Westgate, Cal
E L McAllister & w.
Seattle •
B E Smith, Palo Alto
F D King & w. Reno
C F Cramer. Oregon
A Albert. New York
D P Hall. Modesto
C W Pendleton & w,
Los Angeles
J Goldman, Merced
C Rowell, Fresno ,:."
C Stewart, Pasadena
A Pascal & w. Pa
Miss Pascal. Pa
Mrs Raynor, Pa
A A Rogers, - Chicago
8 R Smart, L Angeles
J H Glbbltts, Redding
W J Harris. Vlsalia
J M Roberts, Cal
W-D Tillottson. Redng
W F Barnes, Klamath
F G King. Redding
G A Schroter, Denver
F H Green, Fresno
r W Montgomery, Chlco
C J Cavanagh. F Brgg'
R T Heath. Grass Val
A B Kern; Phlladelph
W J Glllesrie. Cal
P L Flanna<ran, Reno
Miss Grover, Colusa
J W Dayan & w, PAla
C L Allison. Cal
C S Pierce. Fresno
N Han sen, Hanford
G Wiley & s. Martinet
D Cotcher. Mich ,
C H Dearborn . & w.
Canada '
T E Theberatb..Marysv
L M Hancock, Colgate
Mrs T G Walker. Cal
C L Rea, Riverside
A H "Johnson. Monrov
J HTopley, Vallejo .
• D J McFall, Nev City
i G Klsllnffbury. L Ang I.
A Brown, Milton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ; .
F Wisman, NY
C Pago, N Y
E T Phillips. Cinn
T J Perry, Denver t !
W K Gibson, S Jose
P Cunningham, Mo
R G Slddenn, Mo
M GHarris, Mo
J T Shelton, S Rosa
S H Dougherty. Ga
W Centers, Oa 'v-^l
A G Lowar, Ga I
C M Huff. Ga I
C H Murphy, Ga
F B Murphy, ' Ga .
W R Bulger, Detroit
Miss Carter. Corning .'
A McPhelon. Chicago
F Dteher, Chicago
F Snyder, St Louis
HEAL ESTATE TEANCACTIOirS.
Thomas K. and Sarah D.' O'Connor to A.^ K."
Magrane; lot on N line- of Union street,- 87:6
E Webster, E 25 by N- 100; $10.
Same to Jamos W. Cbleman, lot on N line
of Union street, 112:6 E of Webster. E 25 by
N lOOj- J10. • •-¦.."'
.--City and County of Ban Francisco to Charles
H. Gruenhagen, lot on W line of Pierce street,
100 N of • Vallejo. N 75 by W 2C0. .
J. G.-F. and Elizabeth Berghauser to Julius
H. Berghauser. lot on N line of Washington
street; 220 W of Scott, W 27:6 by N 127:8Vi: $10.
John-Kelso Company et al. to Tallant lSank
ing Company,' lot on SW corner ' of . Green and
Scott streets, S 65 by W 110; also lot on W
line of Scott street, 82:6 S of Green, S 65 by
W 110; $13,857. -' . . .
¦ Same to same,"lot on W • line" 'of - Howard
street;. 100 S.of Eighteenth, S 90 by W 122:6;
$13,322. ¦ • -- ¦• '' ;
Board of Home Missions" : of Presbyterian
Church In . United States of America - (a cor
¦poration). Board of Foreign Missions of Pres
byterian Church in United States of America
¦ (a - corporation) to ; Abraham Aronson, same •
$36 500 •¦•'¦' - '"' ' • - ¦*•
¦ .'.; Builders' Contracts.
Emil Blanckenburgr (owner) with Johnson and
Secor (contractors), architect E.; J.- Vogel— AH
work : except mantels, shades and chandeliers
for a two-story • frame residence on lot on N
line of Jackson street, 61:6 E of Maple, E 30 -i
by £ 119:1: $3994.- • .
James Madison (owner) 'with George Moore
(contractor), architects Dunn & - Schroepfer—
Concrete walls of building and front buttresses
for a two-story attic and basement frame' resi
dence on lot on N Una of Vallejo street, 162-6
B of Fillmore, E 45 by N 137:8; $829. -••¦•.
"Waterman," "Stanly, "Marshall" and
"Falcon" fountain pens are the best in
the world for the money. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., stationery department, »el!lnj
agents for San Francisco. jj*g«
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Mic'nes, M-lrarrd machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
pecend-hand; we always have a large stock of
fcalorm outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
or. a floor ready made: we can ghlp everything
In ?4 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. MC3
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring- from business I offer a J1000
burplar proof safe for JSjO and a fine pla.no
for $30. UXCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avo.
I AM retiring from business; bargains In dla-.
itioikIf, watches. Jewelry; goods at your own"
price*; take your chcice, UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
pines, bnilnrs. water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. S16 Spear St. ,
OLD lumber. $6 per thousand; all kinds. J.
REYNOLDS, disn.antler of buildings, Perry
et.. between Fourth and Fifth.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 13 Montgomy.
"WESTINGHCUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
\i-ill exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON. 5SS Mission et.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
5iC Mission 6t.
A— V. r>0 DERBY and Fedora hats, U 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny gt.. near Pine.
F1P.PT-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and joia. KRO'JH MFG. CO.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safe at C. J. !
PERIAM & CO.'P. 42 Main St.
FINK suits. $10: dres* pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st,
HOUSE for sale, to be removed. 1S0S Gough
St.. at premises 8 to 10 a. m.
HOUSE for saie to be torn down. 420 Ellis st.
Apply to HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
WE pay big prices for sealsJtins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .
MAGIC lanterns, neiv and 2d hand moving pic- j
turps. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES p.nd boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. Ul'RKE, 1Z» Beale si ¦ ¦ j
Gasoline cr distillate enrines. new & 2d-hand; '
a!l eizes: sruaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome. '<
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods '
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
EAFKP— New and Eecond hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 41T-4M Sacramento st.
SAFE?— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WA'.T/ SAV'K ir?-in Market <*t.. Pan Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— 2 steam tugs, Elze from 65 to 75 feet
lonjr: either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugrs, box 3618. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatriea4 goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
PHOTO car or wagon. Address Immediately
box 411G, Call office.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
'-ash TT. L. VriTTTKHEAD. 1706 Market st.
MCSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
A~~NHW "WHOLESALE PIANO HOUSE-^-THE
"WILEY B. ALLEN CO. have opemal up an
ofSce at 923 Market St.. ground floor, with
pienty of warehouse facilities above, and
for the time being will do a strictly whole-
pale piano business. We want agents "every-
where to represent the line of pianos which
w control for the entire coast — the Everett,
Stock. Packard. Hardman, Ludwig, Conover.
Kinpsbury. Cable. Jewett. Harrington, and
others will be added to the list. Good. live,
enrrpetic "piano men" should apply to us
at once for territory and help build up a
most magnificent business. Our prices the
lnweFt — our terms the most liberal! THE
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market St.. San
Francisco.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
mke new) $323 2 Heines $315 rfip
1 Steinway JlSi 1 Hallet-Davls $465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davls. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.0CO In use In most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co., 117 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or be.by grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per !
month; some good pianos 6old for $3, $4 and
jr. -per month.' SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth rt.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE"S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters,
2i4 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZTE, 308 POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric eelf-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and «ee how tf piano is made.
Aper.t Sohmer, Byron Maury, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Spielmann pianos.
ABPOLTTELT the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26,
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
end prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to rlea.se and satisfy the
curtomer.
A. LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
eon, } Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, 575, $125, S145. etc. ; easy payments.
BENJ. CTRTAZ & RON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickering. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of eelf-players.
FP.OM now until June 1 we will have a gen-
uine <"B.fh clearance sale of pianos. Custom-
ers can gret the best bargains in the city
from us during- this sale. Read our display
•*¦<*" in the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS. 769 Market St.. city.
AT WILSON'S y6torage. 1706 Market St.. an-
cther lot o? pianos put on sale; uprights, $35,
!CT>. $100; aico very small fine baby grand;
great bnrsalny. at auction prices.
BARGAINS — Clearance sale bargains; upriKht
pianos, $7'" and upward; Steinway, Knabe,
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUEXN, 208 Post Pt.
A. SECOND-HAND upright piano In good con-
dition, J r 0: extra bargains In new pianos
during celebration week. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
FOR sale— Talking machine, the zonophone,
records. ca»>e. etc.. all new; a bargain. Ad-
tire.ss box 4190. Call office.
WILL ray cash for a good Steinway or Knabe
upright. Box 4151. Call office.
A— $400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister St.
FINE, hlg-h-irrade upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. 219 Leavenworth et.
CHICKERIXG square for sale; nearly new;
perfect condition. Box 41S1, Call office. «
CLOSING oat Ftock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
HAVE sold 1 piano; have another excellent up-
rlght at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo, S46 Mission.
Ll'DWIG pianos the mest popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents. S33 Market st.
53 PER menth rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., G60 Hayes st
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary Ft., room 28.
A SMALL Chickering upright. $125; 6 uprights,
Fecond-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
$45 rPRIGHT. $125 Knabe, $133 Pt«?!nway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St.. you
can pet f-tprape pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN*— Must be nold; nice uprijrht piano.
PCHMITZ. 1« McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
EfPFRIDn violins, zithers, old and new. H.
VT*T,T .T'TT . Tnplcor. repatrr. 2 Lgtham niace.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LE.T.
FOR rent— SSO Harrison, etore and living
roms in complete order; partly furnished for
titiFinepf- or homes; rent $15. Apply at once
9C6 Hprrtecn Et. v; .
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 620 Market St.,
PTir^lte polRoe Hotel: AI business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT, 623 Market St.
LOFT. 20x70. 309 Fremont St. Apply at 105.
LIGHT. «tinny afflc** JU to $20. Emma Spreck-
«,!« »>.. <;,.:-¦. c?7 Mp-Vrt ft.
•^ _ t| _ OIL.
A 6MALL block oPstock in~a Bound, wlde^
awake company, now drilling on 160 acres
in the cream of the Midway-Sunset oil belt;
has cash in bank and no treasury stock of-
fered for sale; this block made up from de-
linquent balances of original subscriptions;
price all right; a genuine snap; first appll-
cant geU it. Address Box 4113. Call office. »
COSTA RJca, 10 cents per sharo, will make you '
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Eafe Deposit and Trust Co.; 6enJ for
prospectus. Pacific States "Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 2^ Post et.
CALISTOGA Oi! and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acre* of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex.
Livrc orcanizers can secure oil lands without
cash. Call "NOW." 36 Geary St.. room f>..
PIL tanks, eecond-band. In pood order: -"all
•lies: cheap. H. B. WHITE. C16 Mission rt. -
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR - SALE. -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., • ',
' - ' . • 638 MARKET STREET.
POWELL-ST. CORNER; AT YOUR OWN i
PRICE— Large fine corner; lot 34x67:6; large
brick building containing grocery; barber shop;
10 rooms, wine cellar, etc.; ground alone
worth more than price asked; price JSOOO. " •
• ELEGANT PACIFIC-AVE. RESIDENCE;
MUST BE SOLD— Under foreclosure and must
be sold this week; best swell residence block;
can- arrange any ; terms desired ; : 10 rooms and
bath; modern. . : • ' A •
'•* WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK, near Van
Ness ave.— Assessed $21,000: must be sold; no
reasonable , off er refused; mortgage $15,000, can
remain; -34s fine level building lots; will sell
or trade at assessed value or for one-half of
what adjoining property eold for last ..month.
SNAP-SEE THIS AT ONCE :
Three modern flats on large sunny corner."
the finest In this portion of the city; 6. 6, 7
rooms and porcelain'bath; interior beautifully
finished; large plate glass doors; tiled vesti-
bule, etc. 5 This property wUl be sold ' abso-
lutely to highest bidder before Saturday, May
IS. All bids in writing accompanied by 10 per
cent deposit. x-
• • >'i ZZZZ ' ¦
ON YOUR OWN TERMS; AT YOUR OWN
PRICE— Elegant modern cottage; will be fin-
ished in five days; 6 rooms and bath, porcelain
tub; tiled birdseye maple mantel;, dome ceil-
ings; large basement, etc. ; light and sunny;
large lot; price $2750. " •• <
* ™^^-^— . ' * ' v • - .
MARKET-ST. LOT; MUST BE SOLD TO
CLOSE ESTATE— Large lot on Market st.;
forced on the market; will be sold for one-
half value; speculators see this. '
ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS AT A SACRI-
FICE— Two fine lots, close to Park Panhandle;
adjacent to car lines and surrounded by new
and beautiful bouses and flats; price $1000
each. '
BCOTT-ST. RESIDENCE— Handsome bay-
windowed residence of 8 rooms and bath ; por-
celain bath, tiled mantels, etc ; bitumen street;
cement walk; can arrange terms; price $G0O0.
« . i
TWO FINE MISSION CORNER LOTS^-Mls-
Eion warm belt; street work all done; sewers,
etc. ; very cheap; N.W. Twenty-third and Bry-
ant sts.; 30x100; $3000; S.W. . Twentieth and
Alabama- sts.; 25x104; $2250. ¦
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market street.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery Street.
$45,000— Fine business corner; north of Market
St.; not far. from town; : new improve-
ments; all rented; stores and rooming-
house- above ; pays . nearly ¦ $300 per
month; offer wanted.
$10,000— Corner of Flllmore and Page sts. ; 63?
120; fine place for flats.
$3750— Lot 45 feet front, good depth; sunny side
of O'Farrell st. ; improvements, 3 houses
renting for $40.
$9500— Rents $97 50; 3 handsome new flats of
6 rooms and bath; extra large lot; best
sun and light possible in flats;. best por-
tion of Panhandle district; offer wanted.
$7250— Rent $67 50; 2 brand new flats, 6. and 7
rooms,, bath; etc.; large lot; Park Pan-
handle district; splendid district; will
always" be rented.
• $H700— New bay-window residence of 7 rooms^
bath, etc.; finished In good taste; in the
. latest style; easy terms if desired; Park
Panhandle district; best home for the
( money in the city. .
$9000— Fine two-story residence: commanding
grand marine view; 8 rooms; with base- |
isent containing laundry; almost brand
new; on sunny side of the street; extra
large lot, 30x137:6; rented for $62; a
beautiful home in a fashionable district;
close to- Fillmore st.
$20,000- r Splendld corner investment on Sutter
Ft.; extra large lot, SjxSO; present rents
$150; could- be increased by small' ex-
penditure of money; Improvements good
and substantial.
$4600— Rent $48; Broadway, near Leavenworth;:
. 3 new flats;, always rented; in good con-
dition; -an excellent Income proposition.
$10,500— Expensively ' built vflats; sunny side of
Page St.; 2 exceptionally finished flats;
always rented; cost over $10,000 to build.
$6500— Offer : wanted: rent $58; near Guerrero
and Fourteenth stsl; 3 flats, 6, 5, 6
rooms; lot 25xlCO.
LYON & HOAG,
, 114 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— 3-room house, lot and barn. 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNER
1207% Scott st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City.
Sutter Co.. short distance from Marysvllle; all
under cultivation; all rl6h valley land; few
beautiful live, oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all. kinds of fruits: this will be sold
In .whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings; welUfenced; short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
EOld In' whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be $een to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for Information a bargain
will be given. * R. D. BROWNE,
. Manager Country Department.
BUY ' In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent, 719
Market st, by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scriblng farms for sale, all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale;* write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J.. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
IN Mill Valley— A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St., S. F. ,
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
170 ACRES on mountains; small house, barn,
. furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land;
beautiful place; exchange for lot In San
Francisco or small place In eountry. Box
3675. Call office. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
4 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$15 PER MONTH— TOTAL~ONLY~$100o! '
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny Bide; handy to San
Pablo ave. : walking distance of downtown;
street and walks complete; snap for a home or
investment. :
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— IN EAST OAKLAND. . . : ..-..' ' .
A bank sale; chance to get a big bargain;
elegant Eastlake, seven-roomed cottage, I with
all modern Improvements and extra well built;
lot 50x150; nice garden, stone walks, etc.; sunny
all day; choice location; handy to school,
churches and train: terms if desired.
- GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTDRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H.- Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '
$2000— $100 DOWN, . balance $20 per month ;. new •
5 or 6 room cottage at Ashby station, Berke-'
ley; porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs; high basement; fine mantel and ', gas
I fixtures; all sewered and ready to move In-
to. W. C. MORAN & CO.
WHEELER .Tract, adjoining the- U. a
. grounds; call for map. W. C. MORAN &
CO. - - . ¦ ' - - : - . - " '- - ¦
$2200—7 LARGE rooms on one of the best
. streets in ; Berkeley ;-"new"; only 2 blocks to
train and electric cars; $300 cash, -balance $20
per month. W. C. MORAN CO. .
$1750 — 6-ROOM house: good as new; lot 42x120;
1 block to train; 80- foot street; worth $2500;
must sell on account of departure; $250 cash, '
balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150^-ACRE lots. W. C.lMORAN & CO.. Loria
station and Schmidt* block, Berkeley.
..'. SAUSALirq REAL 'ESTATE.
SAUS ALITO residence for sale ;. the ¦ beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
" utes" walk of depot;, large 'modern house of
¦ 20 rooms nnl 2 baths; completely furnished;
private gas " works ; fine well; magnificent
view of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tivation. Apply S. G. . HINDES, 330 Market.
i ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
ELIZABETH, 12, near Guerrero— 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent- $15...
FOURTH, 225— Nice large furnished room for
housekeeping; also single. / --• ...;¦•
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front and back
room. $8 and $10, for housekeeping.
MARKET 24S'— 2 sunny - housekeeping- roonis;
bath; private family; adults only; $10.
MCALLISTER ¦ 53S— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; eirik; gasr range; bath and
laundry; $20. ¦ - . ¦
MINNAl 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms. 75c and \\ per week. •
MINNA - 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bow window; ' mantel; closets; water; gas
NEW Auburn House, 334 Third st— Housekeep-
ing rooms for family: also single rooms for
gentlemen; reasonable prices; references.
TURK • 613—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10 per month; 1 large front room unfurn-
Ished. :¦ . ; ¦-"-¦ ':¦-¦" ". -: ¦
TWELFTH 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1096
I Valencia, st. . ¦. ' . 1__! ' .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfiirn.
aIilbORiTiIOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Beat $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c; free > coach. *
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Slxth-^Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms ; ; open ' all night. "
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. s,uites, single; also unfurnished.
CENTRAL House, 62 Second Bt. — Furnished
roms by the day or vf«ek; price reasonable.
CHESTNUT, 293, North Beach— 2 or more fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
view and sun; quiet neighborhood.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting: Bureau,. 22 Kearny St.—
*TeT>. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GEARY 3S4— A suite of rooms; sunny; front;
1 double bed and 2 single furnished. -
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
arid Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. . DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private ' bath ; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
bell, in every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
JESSIE, 363, rear Fifth— Furnished rooms, $5
and $6. ¦ .' "'
KEARNY. 215— Four furnished rooms to let;
also two' front windows to let. MRS. E. M.
TOBIN. ' ;
LARKIN, 610— Two furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
METROPOLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
ROSED ALE House, 319-321 Ellis • St.— Rooms/
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night; 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$3; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. . .
SHKRMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
- "near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 635— Large sunny furnished
.rooms; nice for gentlemen. .". . " . j
| , j
I SUTTER, 703, cor. Taylor (The San Remi)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single.
STOCKTON, • 41 and 45— Desirable rooms can be
had, $1 50 per week up; near all theaters.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 26S (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; board optional. Phone South 422.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore. ' »
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
.. ROOMS AND BOARD.
. HOTEL OLIVER, Pine and Mason sts.— Flrst-
cla'ss family hotel; transients taken during
Presidential reception;- rates J2 to. $3 per day,
with board. Telephone Main 6510.
A FAMILY hotel, Wilmott, 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms, with beard,
use of parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to .tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmaa, 1820 riarket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS and board ;. prices reasonable. 413
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant.
THE GAGE. 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; bdard . optional ; references.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St., Mission
warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;, reason-
able rates; cars pass the door. / ¦ ¦
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
table; wine dinners. 807 California st.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN wants room In private house; 1
or 2 months. Box J152. Call office. -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery Bt., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
8EW1SG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES;
SECOND-HAND, machines all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 1<5 Sixth st. ;' phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired ;V>pen even.; phone Brack 1124. 205 4th.
PROPOSALS. ibi
PROPOSALS for Clothing for U. S. A. Trans-
port Service, Depot Quartermaster's Office,
36 New Montgomery street., San Francisco,
Cal., May 13, 1901.— Sealed proposals, In trip-
licate, will .be received at this office until H
a. m.. Thursday; May 23, 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and I then opened for furnishing
White Duck Aprons, White Caps, Blouses,
Dark Blue Caps, Cap Ribbons, White . Duck
Hats. Working Jumpers, White Duck Jack-
ets, Lanyards, Neckerchiefs, Dungaree
Trousers, Working Trousers, . White Duck
Trousers, Overcoats," Reefers, j and Hospital
Flags. Preference will be given to artlcles>of
domestic production antl manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
. preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by, the public service there.
' The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
" posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals - No. 4545." and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. .'¦
ADVERTISEMENT— Office c-f the Chief Kn-
. ginetr. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March" 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards "concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters,". about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. K Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material .to,.. bo ( . used' for,- reclaiming land.
Bids must. be ; accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand • dollars ($100,000) . in gold.
One contract will . be made for the- whole
work. Contractor's 'bond' will -be 10 per cent
¦ of the amount -bid. The right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
' blank forms apply to this 'office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, -Washington, D. C; United
Btatos 'Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San -Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE.
¦ Captain. ..Engineers. >-y ¦ .: " .. . - , -. .
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D.~ C; until 12 o'clock noon,
May- 28, 1901, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish : the annual' supply of
coal, coke, wood and charcoal at the Navy
Yard and Naval Hospital, Mare Island, Cal.,
the Naval.Training Station, San Francisco,
Cal., and the Naval Station, -Puget Sound;
Wash. Blank forms of proposals will be fur-
" nlshed upon application to the Bureau, to the
Commandants of the .Navy Yard, Mare
Island, Cal., or Naval 'Station, Puget Sound,
Wash., or to the Navy Pay Office, San Fran-
'. ctsco, Cal; A. S; KENNY, Paymaster Gen-
eral ¦U.'S.-jN. 4-26-OL -.:-,.<,;-,.'-?- "
- OIL LANDS. ' _..,...
OIL lands for sale or lease- in- all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for ¦ lan>'.d
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before goins el sew hem. "
SHEA & PETERSON. S01 Examiner building.,
PARTIES with means wish to lease; royalty,
option purchase; those conditions absolute;
proven acreatce. Kern River: bond assurinp de-
velopment: state exact location. Box 4131 Call.
I'AIVTISIIS AND DECORATORS.':
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
tS up. Jensen & Bath. 3CS Sixth: onen even.
rALJIISTRY.
H.JKKOME FOSSELL1. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st.. bet. Cear.v and Post; tel. Black 561..
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist ot the
Pacific Coast. 9CC Market st.
Mrs. Lamb.Fcientific palmist and character read-
ing; lessons in c!ass and private. 204 Ellis, r. IS.
PATCST8 AXD PBKSXOKS:
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO D..«?AMPFELL. 'Lawyer. Krqminer hlg.
TERSOXALS.
BEST on earth— Blood poison, Itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.,- permanently
located 628 Montgomery 6t., room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES. ;
CHARLES M. HOERIDGE, left Radcliffe.
near Manchester, England, eleven year ago.
Was then employed in Whitlcher Bleach
Works, Mount Sierra. Any Information
would be gladly received by his mother,
, MRS. WILLIAM SMITH. 61 East Brooklyn
st..* North Adams, Mass. ¦
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to 'twelve hours, according to
Fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter et.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st., and you
will not he disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: So; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, ocium, all drug", habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S39 Polk St., San Francisco^
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
pant -overcoats. ¦ $15 «P- LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between. Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC- light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms:
Tic to \\ 50 per night; $1 BO to $6 per- week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES' and gents' shampooing, manicuring
and halrdressing; also expert massage treat-
ment. The Superior, suite 69, 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel Iron -beds, slnsle, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN* OUTFITTING
CO.', 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MRP. WILLIAM MILLER— Send address to
JOHN P. QUIRK. The Leepalmer, corner
Mason and O'Farrell sts.
SURE cure for poison oak; guaranteed; will ef-
fect permanent cure in 5 or 6 days. J. J.
COSTA, Concord. Cal.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
PHIL — Come home; everything all right.
GEORGE.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 813 McAllister st.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
C59 Clay st., cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office; 1021 Market et., nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriett Welch,- 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom;tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mont* gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, ho matter what's broken, $l;guar.
W. F. MEAGHER. 131 Post., room 7. makes
shoes that fit and wear.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; re*t6res gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at alyrugglsts.
MASQUERADE costumes, plav books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 723 Mkt.-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with !
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
.DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: nil drusrelFts.
PHYSICIASS AND "SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.-
PICNIC SUPPLIES.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors; biggest house; open Sundays.
_-.___'_-___¦ PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered . 20 to 30.
years; over fifty names of \ prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference ;^-no chloroform,
surgery or delay . from business, : and no
ralves for . sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. 'Call office. S. F.. Cal. " .. . «¦
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR . SALE.
GROVE^STREET RESIDENCE.
Near Lacuna st. ; 2-story bay-window house,
8 rooms and bath; large lot; price $4350.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOTS ON DOLORES STREET.
Four lots on Dolores st., near Twentieth; only
$75 a front foot; street macadamized; splendid
chance for builders; very desirable for a home
or flats; only J75 a front foot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE ON CHURCH STREET.
Price only $1750; bank mortgage $900 can re-
main; contains 8 -rooms; lot 25x80.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
BAKER-STREET HOME. " " ?.
Near Post St.; 2-story house of 6 rooms; lot
25x100; street work done; price $3000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
PARK COTTAGE. \ ~~ ~^~*
Near Oak st and looking into Golden Gate
Park; 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x
106:3; cement sidewalk; bltumlnized street;
price only $3500, no less; lot alone worth -the
money.
BALDWIN & HOWELIi, 10 Montgomery.
PRICE $C500; RENTS $62 60. . •
Sold to close an estate; 3 flats; well located;
cloee to Larkin and Jackson sts.; pays big in-
terest; always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SMALL HOME— CHEAP.
Price 11300; only $350 cash required, balance
can be paid at rate of $12 per month; cottage
of 4 rooms and unfinished basement; 159 Cor-
bett road: take Elghteenth-st. electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
FLATS FOR INCOME.
Pay $50 10 per month; price $5200; lot 25x70;
4 separate fiats; Woodward ave., near Mission
and Fourteenth sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. ' —
Buchanan-st. residence, near Vallejo; con-
tains 8 rooms, bath, etc. ; price $GSOO.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
INVESTMENT— MODERN FLATS.
Rents $000 per year; 2 modern up-to-date flats;
finished attic, etc.; "6 and 9 rooms and bath
each; lot 23x110; always rented; only 3 years
old; ewell neighborhood .In Western Addition;
price $S15O. - • -. . . •
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BAKER STREET— TWO FLATS. T - ' " ' '"
Near California St.; rents $4150 per month;
contain 5 and 6 rooms 'and bath* street bitu-
minized; -cement sidewalk; price most reason-
able; only $5000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. "
RENTS ?l«>0 PER ANNUM. .
Price -$10,000: only $COQO cash required; bank
mortgage of $10,OCO at C per cent can remain;
pays 1 per certt net per month; substantial 3-
story and basement bay-window building of 2
stories, with Cfi rooms above; used as & hotel:
lot &0:9xl37:6; vicinity of Montgomery and Jack-
son sts. • . •;. •¦ -•
* BALDWIN & HOWELL; 10 Montgomery.-
INCOME PROPERTY.
Price $4000; rents $42 per month; : lot 23x90; •
2 substantial frame houses; always rented;
Bryant St.. near Second. - - .
. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE SALE^ ~ I ~
Asking $3800; rents $38 per month; make us
an offer; 4 separate flats of 4 rooms each; lot
28:7%xl22:6; only one ; half . block from. Folsom
and Fourteenth sts. " - . .
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern, residence,
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business with English. , French,
Italian and Spanish speaking . people. - -
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated' Aow mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole ot. ; open dally.
. STORAGE A?JD WAREHOUSES.-
office Fost and Powell sts. : tel- Main 5713. - :
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., .722 Mission st.;.
tel. Main 1840; -shipping at: cut rates. ¦ ..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
- pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone : Jackson 281. Y f.
GOLDEN .WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis- \
slon gt.; tel. Mint 1S21. Fl. W..>ZEHFUSS.
•¦<¦'--• TO • LEASE. \ ' . - •:¦;•,'!
LOVELY HOME. .
To- lease for a lone term • to ¦ responsible :
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-|
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit r apples,- cher-
ries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc. ; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
S841. Call office. ¦'¦-.-.
TYPEWRITERS AND . SUPPLIES.'
GREAT BA^GAINs""lN"TYPEWRITEItS— -We
sell, better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 CaUfornla; telephone Mai p.' 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. %V (twenty
cents per • share) , of the Hutchison . Sugar
Plantation Company will I be payable," at the
office of the company, 827 Market st., on and
after Monday, May 20, 1901. Transfer books
close on .Wednesday,' . May ' 15, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. .-¦. E. H. SHELDON, Secy
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 21 ttwvhty.
five cents per share) of the . Kilauea Sugar
! Plantation \ Company will be payable at • the
office of the\company, 327 Market st., on and
after jj Wednesday, May 15, 1901. -Transfer
books closed Wednesday, - May 8, 1301, at 3
o'clock p. jn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.' ¦
~^ MARRIAGE LICENSES. - .
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . - - • - -••'.. ...
Gustavus A. Klndberg, 44, Kelseyvllle, ' and
Nettle H. Worth,' 34, Dows Prairie. •= .
¦ August Gambs,. 26, Winters, and . Maud ¦ S."
Hill, 25. Winters. -
¦ Joseph J. . Elsener; 34, E09B ¦ Larkln ¦ street,
and Belinda S. Neri, 30, Martinez. ¦ »
James Paplna, 45, 113 Stockton street, and
Rosina Ghisla, ¦ 18, oity. - . " .
- Peter C. Fors, SI, 81 South Park, and Isa-
bella Naughton, 2S, 81 South. Park.
John C. Bruns, 35, -2528H -Bryant street, and
Mary M. Williams, 27, 3930 Nineteenth street. -:
James M. Wallace, 41,-566 Geary street, and
Lotta Gray, 24, city. ' . ¦¦•••.
Daniel Cataneo, 34,-PortervIlle, and Agnes
Adamson, 20, 325 Lexington avenue.
Julius C. Buhlert, 33, 149 Taylor street, and
Etta L. Lucas, 25, 149 Taylor street. . ' ¦"
Henry W. Lange, 24, Oakland, and Elsie
Slnren, 20, Oakland. .".-¦.-¦'. : '.
Mike Banning, 32, Los Angeles, and ' Willa
Tracy, 18. 26 Langton. street. ••¦-.-• • "
EIMS--MARmES-DEAm; ; :
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall "Will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the. same published, i
-..' ,-•' born, v , vY' -, ¦-;••''
LANGE— In this city. May 6, 1901. to the wife
of F. ¦ W. . Lanse, a son. ,..".. •..-.,¦¦.
SMITH— In this city, May 9, 1901, to the wife
of Thomas P." Smith, , a daughter.- <" •
TVTA7ra.TT;T>. ; .
EPLER-CRANE— In this city, May 11, 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. William
B. Erler and Ethel Belle Crane, .both of San
- Francisco. ¦ ¦ ¦' .-"' ¦ • " ¦¦' . -¦
WALTER— DENNY— In this city. May 12, 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. ,B. Wilson, Earnest,
John Walter and Florence M. Denny, - both
of v San Francisco. ¦ -- ¦ ¦
DIED. .. ~~ . ~~~
Arnold, David , Jones, Harriet W. ..
Campbell, Robert S. . Lagger, Sebastian
Casey, Joseph A. Lubeck, Emil
Clark, John -- . McCarron, . Susl« T. .
Cleland. Win. T. W. McNeil, Lachlan
Dawson, Josephine Melbourne, Lizzie
Devine, Mary Norton, Thomas.
Gibbons, Patrick ; Reap. James P.
GilHck. Annie Sexton. David •
GlUigan, Matthew A- Smith. Edward
GOodfriend," Terris Towndrow, Rachael
Hagenmeyer.Gebhard Tuite. Patrick"
Hauck, William Wuthrich, Amalie
Henrioulle, Loui J. Zachrisson, Mary A.
Holland, Amanda , v
ARNOLD— In this city. May 14. 1901, David
Arnold, beloved husband of NeBie Arnold, a
native of Iowa, aged 62 years 4 months and
5 days.
lETRemains at Charles J. B. Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington .street. -.„; - * . ,
CAMPBELL— In this city. May 13, 1901, Robert
8., . beloved husband of Catherine Campbell,
and father of Dugald, .John G., Robert S.,
'Walter G. apd David' Campbell, a native of
Scotland, aged 53 years 3 months and 9 days.
' (New Zealand papers please copy.)
JC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence, 328 Missouri Btreet. near Eighty
eenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriase. . ¦. . -
CASEY— In this city. May 14, 1901, at his resi-
dence, 2762 Twenty-fourth street; -Joseph A.,'
beloved hu6band ot Amanda Casey, father of
Roy W.. Joseph E.. George C. and Willis A.-
Casey, beloved sonTjf Mr. and Mrs. William
Casey, and brother of Nellie. Annie and Wil-
liam Casey, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 29 years.
(E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. . .
CLARK— In Oakland, May 14, 1801, John, hus-
band of Janet Clark, and father of Margaret
and Catharine Clark, a native of . Scotland.
¦ aped 66 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow - (Thursday)," at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, '755 Brush street, Oakland. In-
terment . Mountain. View Cemetery.
CLELAND-In this city. May 13, 1901, William
T. W., beloved husband of. 'Minnie E. Cle-
land, apd father -of Agnes R. and the late
Hermoine M. Cleland, - a native of Belfast,
Ireland, aged : 37 years 9 months and 28 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances- are respect-,'
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 328% Sixth avenue, between , Point
Loboa avenue and Clement street. Interment
¦ Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ; •
DAWSON— In this city, May 14, 1901, Josephine
- Elenor Dawson. beloved dauehter of John
and Mary Dawson, and • . sister of Emma;
Grover, Ambrose and Edward Dawson, a na-
tive, ot San Francisco, aged 7 years 5 months
and 16 days. .- . .>¦'..¦
(n^JYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 158 Pflefter street, oft Stockton, thence
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for interment. . . .
DEVINE— In this city, May 14, 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of Samuel Devine, a native of
Sweden/ aged 40 years. .
GIBBONS— In Oakland, May 13, 1901, Patrick
Gibbons, beloved husband of. the late Cath-
erine Gibbons, brother-in-law of John Cloo-,
nan and Jeremiah, and uncle of John Coyne;
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 63
years and -8 months. - ' - j '¦ .
ITjyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his nephew, ,767 Campbell street,
thence- to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
GILLICK— In Oakland, : May . 13, * 1901. Annie
Glllick, beloved wife of the late Matthew Gll-
- lick, and mother of Annie and Edward Gll-
lick and Mrs. A. Leffler, a native of Ire-
land, i aged 41 years and - 8 months. • ¦ . .
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 615 Madison street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
.repose of her - soul, commencing: at 9:15
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. \.
GILLIGAN— In this, city. May 12, 1901. Mat-
thew A. Gilllgan, father of Mrs: Margaret
. Clemmens and Louisa Gilligan, a native of
Ireland, aeed B2 years. • ¦ ." ' .
icy Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully, Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at St. Raphael's Church, San
Rafael, where 'a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock.
GOODFRIKND— In this city. May 14. 1901,
Terris, dearly .beloved daughter of Louis and
Emma Goodfriend, I and sister of Leila Good-
friend, a native of Stockton, aged 18 years 6
months and 3 days. (Stockton and Virginia
City papers please copy.) . ¦" . - . :
|C7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ¦ the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock.: from her late resi-
dence, 2103 Pacific avenue. Interment Home
.of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. . *: - • •
HAOENMBTBR-ln this city,"" May 13, 1901,"
Gebhard Haeenmeyer, beloved brother of-
Teresa S. . Helgoth, a native of Germany,
- aged 69 1 years 6 months and ' 13 days. .
ICTFriends and acquaintances " are - respect-'
HENRY J. 1 GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
•DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND -EMBALMERS. •
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln Scl.ool."
;- •,„ Telephone South 80. ->' ... ¦ -'. j' ' .
("^uTejJTjJcGlimT^^^^^TlculNN^RO^™'
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,' .'
.-.:-• SI EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252.' - Ban Francisco.
: No Connection "With Any Other House.
I/VleAVO'V* «fc GO.'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
•,1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th." •
.. :. Telephone South 247. ." : • ; '
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 1901.— This Is to cer-
tify that CHARLES H.- JACOB has this day,
in Department Ten of the Superior Court of
the City and County, of San Francisco, Cal.
changed his name to CHARLES H. J. TRU-
MAN. Signed: CHA8. H. J. TRUMAN.
- fully invited -to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple," corner Post and. Montgomery Btreets,-
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and,A.;M. Interment- X." O. O.' F.
Cemetery. Remains at: the -parlors of the
I Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-,
slon street, near Twenty-first. ¦ /• . .
HAUCK— In the City and County Hospital.
May 14. 1901. William Hauck, a native of
Indiana, aged ¦ 17 years. • .
HENRIOULLE— Drowned in Alvarado Marsh,
May 11, . 190L Loui Joseph Henrioulle, dearly
beloved son of John B. and ' Mary A. | Henri-
oulle, beloved brother- of Elizabeth Henri-
oulle. and nephew of Gustave Gresroir and
Joseph Henrioulle and Mrs. K. Baccus, a' na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 13 years 3
months and IS days. (Chicago papers please
copy.) - . • - ¦ . -
CTNotloe of funeral hereafter. Bemains
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntx Un-
dertaking Company, 1209 Mission ' street, be-
. tween Eighth and Ninth. "
HOLLAND— In this city. May 14. 1901. Aman-
da, beloved wife of Edward Holland, a na-
. . tlve." of "Wisconsin, aged 34 years. ' 1 ¦
B^Friends" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission. street. Interment
¦ Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
JONES— In Benicia, Cal., May 14, 190L Har-
riet "W. Jones, wife of the late J. W. Jones.
LAGGER— In this city, May 12. 1901. Sebastian
Lagger, dearly beloved brother of Caesar
Lagjrer, Mrs. John Bacher. Mrs. Baptist
Hischier, Mrs. John Latscha and Stefan and
Clementine Lagger, a native of Munster,
Canton Wallis, Switzerland, aged 35 years 9
months and 5 days. - - •
CTTriends .; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
j of" the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. BoniCace's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street. - for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. . . ...
LUBECK— In this city. May 13, 1901. Emll Lu-'!
beck, a native of Altanau, Hamburg. ¦ Ger-
many, aged C5 years. .»
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), . from I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Market and Seventh streets, where ' services
will be held under the auspices of Harmony
Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F., commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street, between Seventh " and .
• Eighth.
McCARRON— In this city, May 13. 1901. Susie*
T.", beloved wife of Owen McCarron, beloved
mother of Anita McCarron, daughter of An-
nie and the late Patrick McGinnis. and sis-
ter of Mollie C. McGinnis. a native of San
Francisco.
lES'The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, . 328 Bartlett street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for tlfe repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ¦ , . • - -
McNEIL— In this city. May 14, 1901, Lachlan ;
• McNeil, beloved brother of Daniel McNeil \
and Mary M. Cook, a native of Sydney, Cape i
Breton, asred 70 years. • ... ."
MELBOURNE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 14, 1901, Lizzie Melbourne, a na- 1
tlve of California, aged 38 years. j
NORTON— In- this city, May 14, 1901, Thomas i
Norton, brother of Patrick and • "William '
Norton, a native of County Galway, Ireland, !
aged 56 years. - . . ; ..
(E7"Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con- i
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice. of fu-r !
neral hereafter. • . ~ .... .,i <
REAP— In the "City and -County Hospital. I
' May 14, 1901, ' James P. Reap," a native of
Pennsylvania, a&ed 47 years. • • • : ¦
SEXTON^In this city. May 13, 1901, David,
belovod husband of Margaret Sexton, and
brother of Dennis and -Patrick Sexton and of
the late Thomas Sexton, a native of Ash-
ford, County Limerick, Ireland, aged' 51
years,
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2953 Twenty-third street, corner
Alabama, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. - ¦ ;¦ . .
SMITH— In' the City and County Hospital.
May 14. 1901, Edward Smith, a native of
England, asred 69 years.
TOWNDROW— In this city, April 14, 1901.
Rachael A. Towndrow, a native of Warren-
ton. Ohio, aged 72 years 6 months and 12
days. -
C^Funeral services at 11 o'clock to-morrow
(Thursday), at the First Unitarian Church,
corner Geary and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment private. . . - -.
TUITE— In this city. May 14. 1901, Patrick
Tuite, a native of Ireland, aged SI years. .
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 17. 1901, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
WUTHRICH— In this city. May 14, 1901, Ama-
lie, beloved wife of W. G. Wuthrich. mother
• of Edward and William Wuthrich, daughter
of John P. M. Gootz and the late -Augusta
Gootz, and sister of Adolph and Ernest
- Gootz, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 10 months and 26 days. ¦
C7"Friends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow:
; (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 255 Thirteenth street.
ZACHRISSON— In this city. May 14. 1901, Mary
Annie, beloved wife of C. O. Zachrisson, a
. native of Ireland.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 17. 1901. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1111 Shotwell street. • between,
Twenty-flfth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
" Holy Cross Cemetery. - ¦Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Aler
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route.
Ask about»it at 611 Market street.
Berkeley Real EstateJiffan Disappears.
. Mrs, Guenelia Lyon *of Harper street,
Lorin, called at the Coroner's office yes
terday and reported the disappearance of
her., husband, Charles Edward Lyon, a
¦well known real estate dealer of Berkeley.
He mortgaged his house recently for $1600
and came home intoxicated on the evening
of April -22 and went to sleep on 'the -floor
of the parlor. Some time during the night
he went out. of the house and since then
she has not seen or heard from him. When
he left the house he had $65 and a- note
for $600 on his person. • .
Our Best Offering.
"We. place on • sale to-day 1000 .pairs ladles'
ties in black or brown kid for 35 cents the pair;
also 600 pairs Gents' up-to-date shoes, In black
or. brown, for $135 the pair; every pair worth
$3 50. Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1029 Market st,
above Sixth. ¦ : , '¦'¦. ¦•". ' ¦ . ' * .-
S. H. Friedlander. Arrives.
S. H. Freldlander, formerly, interested
In the Columbia and California theaters,
arrived in this city yesterday and • is at
the Palace. - He is still | on j crutches, not
having fully recovered from the operation
on his foot, : which was severely injured
some time ago." He said yesterday^ that
he expects to engage again in -business in
San Francisco as soon as he regains per
fect health. . * .
Presidential . Offering.
To-day at 9 o'clock we offer 900 pairs Ladies'
Tan Shoes, ; kid or., silk .vesting tops, , hand
turned,, with low or 'French heels, for. $1 25 the
pair; every pair . guaranteed , to be worth $6.
Busy Bee Shoe Co.,- 1029 Market st., above 6th. *
Chinese Slave Released.
• Toy Hung, one of the Chinese , women
captured on Sullivan alley last. month by
the Federal posse, was discharged yester
day morning ¦ by United I States Court
Commissioner Heacock. Lyman I. Mowry,
her attorney, produced her certificate of
registration showing -that she was law
fully in this country.
In: the ; Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Lottie J. Harding from John H.
Harding for cruelty and Susan L. Griffin
from Joseph ,T.: Griffin for.desertion.^Suits
for divorce were filed r by Minnie E.
Jacobs against Benjaminy Jacobs for
cruelty . and * Cora .' M. Gibson : . against
Thomas M. Gibson" for failure to provide.
Burglars Steal Jewelry.
Burglars; broke into the residence of J.
Elliott ; at * 799 ; McAllister street yesterday
afternoon* while' the ; family iwas down
town • looking;, at the -parade and . stole
about *$100, worth of jewelry." |An entrance
was effected' by prying open the rear door
with a , "jimmy.". ' • , " • , - v,--. >-¦
Major Joseph KnowUtpn appeared in
Judge Mogan's . court yesterday . on the
charge of embezzlement preferred against
him by his brother-in-law, James H. Doo
little, "of the St Nicholas Hotel. He was
instructed as to his rights and his arraign
ment was at 'the request of a representa
tive of Attorney George D. Collins con
tinued, for a week. Collins will represent
the defendant, but it was stated that he
was unable to be in court as one of his
children was buried Monday and another
was seriously ill from* diphtheria. '¦ . i .
Knowlton Appears in Court.
HE forty-ninth annual comrftuni-
II cation of the Grand Lodge of the
II Independent Order of . Odd Fel
il lows of the State' of California
opened in Odd Fellows' Hall yes
terday morning. There were present
Grand Master W. W. Watson and the fol
lowing named grand officers: William
Nicholls Jr., deputy grand master; M. G-.
Gill, grand warden; George, vT. Shaw,
grand secretary; J. W. Harris, grand
treasurer; Karl C. .Brueck and W. A. Bo
nynge, grand representatives; C. O. Bur
ton, John Glasson and J. F. Nichols, grand
trustees; A. F. Jones, J. F. Thompson.
David Newell, John Morton and Daniel
Flint, trustees of I. O. O. F. Home: E. R.
Dllle, grand chaplain; Henry Jacks, grand
marshal; James Booth, grand conductor;
Percy R- -Fox, irrand guardian: -M. P.
Forbes, grand herald, together with the
representatives from - 358 subordinate
lodges. ¦ - . ...¦• ' '
After the presentation of the report of
the committee on credentials -the Grand
Lodge degree was conferred on 288 past
noble grands and later in the day on ten
more. .... •
__The_ reports of the several grand offi
cers were presented- and referred to . the
committee on. distribution. -The only one
read was that of i Grand Master Watson.
It was in part as follows: . '\
It affords me great pleasure to state that the
predictions made at the close of the last session
have been fully realized. . The order has en-
William Cluff Company, "and other credi
tors of Gecree R. Cothrell and James
Sharinghausen. the Saratoga Grocery
Company, filed a petition . yesterday to
have them declared involuntary bank
rupts.
in fantastic costumes and paraded about
the meeting hall preying upon the elder
and more pensive members of the flock.
The committee that had the entertain
ment in charge consisted of: A. C. Ber
thier, chairman; H. I. ' Mulcrevy, vice
chairman: Charles G. Jsagle, secretary;
William Clack, treasurer, and R. M. Don
nelly, marshal.
The programme was as follows: Ad
dress of welcome, Charles G. Nagle; re
sponse and* informal speeches by grand
officers, delegates, visitors' and local
Eagles; remarks, silver tongued an
nouncer, Joe Humphrey; song, Fred Ev
erett, accompanied by Miss' Sallie Cline;
specialties, Kelly and Marlow; selections.
Waterman sisters; comic song, C. S. Ol
iver; comedy sketch, McKay and Law
rence; selection, Columbia quartet: se
lection. Neuman; comedy sketch, Mcln
tyrc and Heath ; Card Table de Hoot,
Otto F. Johnson; monologue. W. J.
O'Toole: specialties by "Smoked Sweed"
of the Everett Aerie,. No. 13.
August J. H. Hing, a teamster of San
Francisco, filed a petition yesterday in in
solvency in the United District Court. He
owes f.5178 and has $2S0 assets.
Insolvency Petitions.
"We Luy trunks by . the carload. That's
why we* sell good trunks at reasonable
prices, Suit cases, valises, traveling
bags, coin purses and pocketbooks in. our
leather goods department. . Everj'thing
lettered in gold without charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks and Valisos.
S. G. Whitney, president; F. LI Turpln, vice
president; . W. H. • Barnes, secretary; - r>.- Sew
ell, treasurer; J." F.- Thompson, marshal; Moses
Greenebaum,' ¦ George j\V.: Dlxon, Ia.'W.-S.
Downs, C. O. Burton and J. F. Crosett, di
rectors. ¦*.: ¦¦¦¦.•••¦; v -. " , . .'
Veteran Odd; Fellows.
The twenty-fifth Installation banquet of
the Veteran Odd Feilows was "held at" the
California ; Hotel . last i kight ' faj honor ' of
th© election and installation of; the fol
lowing named ' ; officers ¦' for ¦ the current
term: . •. : - ,
In the evening the initiatory work was
exemplified by Brooklyn Rebekah Lodge
of- Oakland, after which "San -Francisco
Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 gave- one of its
exhibition drills,' which", was greatly ap
preciated. .-•.'" ¦ ' * . ; - ; .
• The report of Secretary Mrs. '.¦. Mary ESi
Donoho shows a ~ membership of 18,443,
with a net gain during the year of 1271. -
The entire afternoon session was taken
up in the reading of the report of . the
president, ,a voluminous document, which
gave in- detail the work of. the year. She
recommends • the appointment of a com
mittee on f oriegn correspondence ; the in
crease Cofi the ' president's allowance | for
visitation to $500; that all lodges receive
an official visitation; that delegates to the
assembly : be elected r for two years; /that
telegraphy be taught ' at . the Orphans'
Home ; that ! the Sovereign Grand , Lodge
be petitioned to establish a National Re
bekah Lodge and that an .'information
bureau be established: ¦¦..;. ; '
More than - two hundred, past noble
grands received the assembly degree; va
cancies .were filled. on various committees
and addresses were made by Past Grand
Master Davis Louderback and Past Grand
Patriarch • E. O. Erlewine, .
: The eleventh annual session of the Re
bekah Assembly, I. O. O. F. of California,
was opened in -the. Memorial Hair of the
Odd Fellows' building yesterday, by Mrs.
Caroline A. Hoxett, the president, There
wero present the largest number of dele
gates' that there has ever been in any Re
bekah assembly in tois State. .
oline A. Hoxett, the President.
REBEXAHS TN ASSEJSIBLf .
. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•: ... - M ¦.
Recommendations Made by Mrs. Car -
This evening Fidelity Lodge will exem
plify the initiatory work before the rep
resentatives, to be followed by an exem
plification of the third degree in full and
new regalia by Apollo Lodge.
The Grand Lodge took a recess in time
to allow all an opportunity to see the
Presidential procession:
(1) Peralta Pa_rk Hotel property, Berkeley.
(2) Chadbourne property, Pleasanton. (3)
Clark property, Niles. (4) ; Chittenden property,
Niles. (5) Bedard property, Niles. (6) /Ken
nedy tract, near Loa Catos. (7) White proper
ty, near Alum Rock, Santa* Clara County. (8)
Cartner property, Irvlngton. (9) Burke proper
ty, near Redwood City. (10) Coleman property,
near Redwood City. (11) Oridna Park, Alame
da County. (12) Snyder ranch, near Callsto-
Ka. (13) Crosby ranch, near Santa Rosa. (14)
Laveaga Park site, . Santa, ICruz. (15) Zeile
property, Haywards.
The committee recommends the White
property, near Alum Rock.
This report will be made the special or
der at the session this morning.
The report of the special committee on
site for a home for Odd Fellows shows
that since the adjournment of the pre
vious Grand Lodge the following fifteen
sites were offered, but that only the first
seven named were visited:
The renort of Grand Secretary George
T.Shaw is a carefully prepared statistical
one of the condition of the order.
A great portion of'the report is devoted
to the Odd Fellows' Home at Thermalito,
It gives the result of the grand master's
observations without any recommendation
as to the future of that institution. The
report concludes with an expression of
thanks to the San Francisco Call for its
reports of news concerning the order.
The receipts exceed the disbursements for the
year, $67,019' 51, being $4541 18 more than last
year. .'-'., . '• . ' ;
The total revenue during the year was $564,
287 69. an Increase over the preceding year of
$16,605 46. -. . . •¦ .. \ . ¦ ¦
The dawn of the new century is full of proniT
ise for our beloved order. . It 'was never in a
better , or more . prosperous condition: It was
never better qualified or more" fully equipped
to carry on the great work of ministering to
the distress and afflictions of humanity. The
signs of the times all point to a lively interest
and renewed activity promoting the use
fulness. Inculcating the pure principles and
beautiful lessons, and diffusing the great bless
ings and many charities of our great and grow
ing order, i
The subordinate lodges of the State during
the year have expended for the burial and re
lief of brothers. $245,247 40: for the burial, of
sister?. $4160 60; for relief of widowed families,
$7197 35; for education of orphans (not in home),
$133 90; and for charity. $15,741 97: making a
total for relief and charity of $272,501 22. which
is $34S3 56 in excess of the previous year, and
Is about $746 5S per day. ¦ . .
The Rebekah lodges have enjoyed equal : if
not greater prosperity than the subordinate
lodges, for the net increase of 1271 members ¦•!?
the greatest gain for one year ever made by the 1
Rebekahs in this jurisdiction.
Three halls have been dedicated, four subor
dinate lodges instituted, two consolidated, and
otherwise not one charter has been recalled or
joyed a full measure of prosperity during the
past year. Our finances have grown stronger
and in membership we have had a flattering
increase. . The net gain for the year Is 810.
which is more than double the highest figures
reached for a single year since 1S92.
Testerday Secretary Park gave a list of
questions appertaining to the : administra
tion of street affairs to Boyle and he was
busy all day putting his answers to them
down In writing. The others will be simi
larly examined to-morrow and the day
after and the one giving the best answers
will be selected for the second deputyship.
The Board of Public Works decided yes
terday to reappolnt Andrew J. Donovan,
who stood first on the civil service eligible
list, to be -deputy in the Bureau of Streets.
There ¦ are ¦ two deputyships to be filled
and the board will subject the three other
eligibles who follow Donovan on the list
to a civil service test of its own. Should
the Civil Service Commission certify the
name of only one eligible for each posi
tion, John C. Boyle, who stands second,
will get the other place. As. the custom
has been. in the past to certify the names
of three for each place. Boyle. Andrew
McCreery and William I. Reardon, who
compose the remainder of the eligible list,
will submit to the examination arranged
by the Board of Works. ,
Examination.
Service Eligibles to Another
Board of Works Subjects Three Civil
BUREAU OF STREETS
SEEKING- A DEPUTY
Review Work of the Year and Elect
Officers for the Current
Term.
The annual session. of the grand body of
the Sons of Hermann was brought to a
close yesterday afternoon after the elec
tion and installation of the following offl
oers: William Rust, grand president;
Gustave Guenter. grand vice president;
Otto Grev, grind treasurer; John Pope,
C. Hahn and A. Stier, grand trustees; L.
Scharenberg. E. Brugge and William Len^
decker, delegates to thp convention to
meet in Austin. Texas, September 10; J.
Marten, grand marshal; J. Lippert. grand
inside guard, and H. Barth, grand outside
guard.
The following committees ¦were appoint
ed: Finance — D. Brune, F. Fortmann, C.
Uebermann; laws — William Lendecker, L.
M. Fabrey. H. Hippert; appeals— Oscar
Hocks. A. Brugge, F. Hensel, L. Scharen
berg and J. W;mmer.
The reports show a membership of 2000,
with a satisfactory increase during the
year; also an increase of 55000 In finance;
amount paid in benefits, $31,000; for funer
als expenses. $6000.
The past presidents of the order were
granted a charter to organize a past presi
dents' association, which shall have* for
its purpose the advancement of the order.
It was also decided that the Sons of
Hermann shall take part in the shooting
festival in this state next June.
In the evening there was a banquet in
Saratoga Hall at which nearly 200 were
present.
SONS OF HERMANN MEET
IN ANNUAL SESSION
When seen yesterday " Chief Organizer
Pierce would not make a reply to the pub
lished statement of Vice President Ches
ter of the Building Trades Council. Ches-, 1
ter accused Pierce of being in the^'strik-i
business" for what there was in it, but
Pierce maintains that he is only working
for the good of the cause.
Labor matters remain practically un
changed. A conference was held yester
day afternoon by'the leaders of the labor
movement, but no definite" results were
reached. Jeff D. Fierce, Chairman Goff,.
Secretary Rosenberg and other members
of the. executive committee , of the j San
Francisco Labor Council, met in confer
ence. Later in the day there was another
meetingat which the situation was again
discussed. The effecc of- the enforcement
of a general boycott with its attendant
consequences was considered. Radical
measures were considered, but no definite
or startling results were obtained. ,
From outside sources comes the infor
mation that not until next Monday will
any attempt be made to inaugurate a
general strike. So far the executive com
mittee of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil has wisely determined to let matters
take their usual course. But the charge
made by Louis Chester of the Building
Trades Council that Organizer Pierce is
not in 1 the business for his health alone
has set some of the more rabid workers
thinking. The situation may change at
any moment, but there is no apparent
disposition on the part of the leaders for
a final test* of strength.
A conference was held last night at the
headquarters of the- labor alliance, but
no definite results were reached. A num
ber of unions met and passed resolutions
of sympathy with the cause of the strik
ing cooks and waiters. The influx of
strangers attendant on the Incoming of
the President, necessitating additional
help, slightly disarranged strike Condi
tions. .. ¦ '.'¦ ' '. « ¦.' . .
Adjoining the sulphur works is • the
building of the American Chemical and
Cream of Tartar Company. For a time
this structure was threatened, but by dint
of hard work the firemen succeeded in
confining the flames to the sulphur works.
According to the directors of the com
pany the loss is fully covered by insur
ance.
Notwithstanding the dangrer of being
suffocated by the fumes of the burning
sulphur the firemen entered the building
and heroically gave battle to the flames.
After two hours' hard work they finally
succeeded in extinguishing the blaze, but
not until several of them had been over
come by the overpowering fumes, and
carried out.
By this tims the flames were shooting
through the south side of the building
and threatened to destroy the entire
structure. An alarm was promptly
sounded from box 352, but as the flames
were gaining considerable headway a
second alarm was rung in a few minutes
later.
The fire started in the packing-room of
the works, presumably from a spark from
the furnace. It was first discovered by
John Peravvi, v:ho was standing on the
opposite side of the street. Accompanied
by Charles Manson, who conducts a gro
cery store in the immediate vicinity, he
started to enter the basement of the
building, intending: to notify the watch
man, but was driven back by the over
powering fumes of the burning sulphur.
Realizing that a serious fire was immi
nent. Peravvi ran to the nearest, engine
house and notified the foreman of the
company of the blaze.
The San Francisco Sulphur Works at
Bay and Dupont streets came near being
destroyed by fire yesterday afternoon. As
it was more than $3000' worth of sulphur
¦went up in smoke. •
Blaze at Bay and Dupont
Streets Results in a
Serious Loss.
Several Hundred Tons
of Brimstone Go Up
in Smoke.
FIRE DESTROYS
SULPHUR WORKS
ANNUAL COMMUNICATION
OF THREE LINK APOSTLES
Reports Read at Session? of J the Odd - Fellows
and, Rebekahs Show That* Both : of These
Societies Have Made' Material Pro
Drastic Measures 'May > Be
Taken at the Wrong; -
Moment.
Conditions Ameliorated
by the President's
7 Reception.
LABOR LEADERS
AWAIT RESULTS
E AG LES GATHER
IN GRAND AERIE
Delegates Attend From
All Parts of the •
Union.
The reception which was given last
night by the local Eagles to the officers,
and delegates <f the Grand Aerie proved,
roost delightful. In an address intended
to Introduce tha merriment of the evening-
Charles G. Nagle, in | behalf of the San
Francisco Aeries, once more bade the vis
itors welcome to the city. Appropriate re
sponses were made by several of the
¦worthy grand officers.
The talent in the entertainment which
followed for the most part was .furnished
by the local theaters. A number of the
more sportive "birds" attired themselves
Eeception Tendered the , Visitors.
visiting delegates:
M. S. Chapelle Aerie Ho. 49, XV. Wheelock 57.
J. H. KU1» 54 Jack Ros:- SI, J. E. Donahue 34.
Del Cary Smith 2. P. J. Molholl&nd 103. Ed
ward Krouse 74, Charles J. Flynn 27, Charles
B. F.rush O, Charier E. Sturges 115, John P.
Quirk 34. E. F. Hasn 64. Harry C. Hayes £5.
D. Byror. Hall 14, J. K. Kheeh an 43, J. J. Fitz
jrerald S9, L. A. Marck S9. H >raee E. Merkel.
M D 1. Alex S. Fcrtrter 67, W. D. Davis 138.
James B. O'Hay 111. Arthur H. White 33, E.
M. Turner 37. Colonel C TV. Fi Sckey 30, Charles
M Croft* 30. S. B. Wadtwortt 104. J. F. Pel
leties 47. Ed L. Head 5. Jessie He<irick 122. A.
P. Partridge 1. J. F. Smal 1. James F.
Cheetham 5. Alonzo Brov.-n 118. A. Abraham SO,
J. Etroble 11. B. HUyins IS, G> on?e W. Hamil
ton 24. Pat O'KeeJt S5, George Cook 73, J. B.
Schwatka, M. !>.. 5S. TVilllaji> Goswell 22, J.
A. Johnson 54. Mazir«ce HIsei berg: 11. W. S.
Hcpson 119, Charles M. Fifiher 5, B. J. Mona
irhan 42, John L. Herret 61, Oeorge R. Smith
102, Jaraes P. Dockery Cl. At red H. Ritchie
SS. J. J. Schlawie Jr.. M. 'x).. 77. Thomas
FJynn 43. C. P. Rendon S3. H. R. Littegue 4.
John Lamont 4, J. M. CockreCI 4. Fred Gun
ther 13. W. S. Hall 109. Jo«ph Gribler 17.
James Crossan 15. Alboon Rheiti 12. George E.
Lawrence 3, H. H. Thompson X H. W. Find
ley 6. L. A. Hugreins 12. .">V. J. McGuigran 6,
TV. J. Verner 10. D. T. Barman 2. Dr. Arthur
Burns 6S M. H. Glnni 7. P. F. Trainor 40.
M. P. Justy 29, M. L. Larkin 56 and G. T.
Shanklln 3.
Hany Delegates Attend. •
The following is a coiaplete list of the
. \ ..
The Grand Acne of f he Fraternal Order
of Eagles m'et in annu ul session yesterday
monJng at . Pioneer \ Hail. > ' Delegates
from all over the Unite? States and from
British Columbia were present. • As the
visiting Eagies were stL^i busy-acquaint
ing themselves with; the ctty and becom
ing acquainted with 'their local brethren,
very little' business of in variance was
transacted.' It Is expected -that the dele
pates will fee ready to begin tho real work
of the session this morning- .
After Grand "Worthy President Dr. H.
R. Uttlefield called the mect-tog to order,
Ed L. Head of San Francisco Aerie No 5
formally welcomed the visiting Eagles
and extended to them the hearty hcspital
rty cf the local aeries. A metaagw from
Grand Worthy Vice President £*««r J.
Hughes, who is 111 at his home in Phila
delphia, was read. He express**! regrets
at being unable to attend the Gn laid Aerie.
A committee on credentials, consisting of
John Lamont of Portland No. 4, tiiair
man; A. T. Van de Vanter of Seattle No.
1. Ed L. Head of San Francisco- No. 5, H.
N. Findley of Vancouver Xo. 6 and John
A. Johnson of Wallace No. 54, was ap
pointed, after which the aerie adjourned
to meet at 2:.T0 o'clock. The committee
on credentials was not prepared to report
a.t that hour and an adjournment was
taken until .this morning.
¦ Assist ¦Welcome President.
Throughout the 'day the meeting hall
was thronged with, visiting Eagles. No
spec'al programme of entertainment ; had
been prepared and the delegates enthu
siastically joined in welcoming President
McKiniey.
The entertainment of the delegates to
the Grand Aerie is under the supervision
of a. committee of twenty-five, of which
'A C. Berthier is the chairman and
Charjes \ G. Nagie secretary. The . com
mittee is leaving nothing undone to make
the stay' of the visitors a pleasant one.
On, Thursday the grand officers and dele
gates will drive through Presidio He \grhts.
Golden Gate Park and stop at the Cliff
Hous.b. where a sumptuous collation, will
be juv>vided. Arrangements have "been
mado.so that the flagles can have the
hono- of receiving President McKiniey
Thur.«lay afternoon at 3:30 in Native
Sons' HalL The local aerie will t&ider
a. banQV et to their guesis Friday evening
at the Palace Hotel. The affair pc-om
ises tol* one of the memorable evens In
the history of the order. A steamer has
beer, cha.t^red so that the visitors may
have an «. Opportunity of witnessing the
launching . *f the battleship Ohio and sub
sequently t.\ey will be taken on an excur
sion around : the bay and shown all the
points of int vest. v
Among the Vielegates who are taking- a
prominent pa»"t in the proceedings of the
Grand Aerie i fe Hon. Thomas Flynn of
Paterson, N. J, speaker of »}ie New Jer
sey Assembly; State Senator Patrick F.
Trainor of New York City. John J. Fitz
gerald. Mayor olVuPawtucket, R. I.; A. P.
Loomis, president, of Mlnnesipoll? Aerie
No. 34; Dr. J. B. I Schwatka. Baltimore.
Md., Albert S. ] Utchie. Omaha, Nebr.;
Alexander L. Fowler, v/ortby past presi
dent of Salt Lake Aerie No. 67, and John
E. Sheehan of B<?st on. Mass.
Grand Reception Tendered
Visitors\by ; the Local
:j Members.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, MAT 15, 1901.
16
1 NEXT GRAND MASTER AND NEXT
GRAND "WARDEN OF THE I. O.
0. F.
' "Wedding , invitations t and ; visiting-cards
engraved and printed. ' Correct forms and'
moderate, prices, < Sanborn, Vail & Co.; 741'
MarkeVstreet ,¦¦- ¦.:. '¦ ;Wv, : p. • *
X * V^ XYX JLmJ 11 I ,
Perfect health and strength denote the absence of disease. When you are weak it means that you lack' that
which is the foundation of streneth— of life it? elf— Electricity. You may be afflicted with Rheumatism. -Dyspepsia.
Lame Back. Weak Kidneys. Loss of Power. Vancocele, Wasting Weakness, Sciatica, Constipation .or any of the
numerous diseases which lead to an early breaking down of the system. If you have any of these troubles thev "
should be attended to at once. You have iried drugs and found that if they even stimulated you they did not cure,
but left you with some. new trouble as a result of the poison put into your system.
Electricity is Nature's Cure.
#- , , v t »f^T^ For H 1 < llseases ot blood, nerves, muscles arid or-
'¦¦-¦ '¦¦•-;'•;.? . <T j&Sra 8 * 11 .^ , I J ., , ve spent twent y years and almost unlimited
-X. JfciAS-" apltal dl8C ° v erlngr this fact and developing a body bat-
/fl!!rj$t£t)£ • C v J7Smf lery whlch erJvea a strong curative current to the wearer.
iWs&F^S ' ¦ : '- \ /»^^^ wltnout tne least discomfort. This perfected appliance is
fS I 7 K MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
>.' -S~>< ' • t' \ II has cured 50,000 people and the testimony is on file for
CfrSgr&K K jl/v\ y? ' ' I '" l al1 wh0 want llroof of what thlB R rand remedy has done.
M&2 < 5jj»W' . •. ."¦*'-, Vy . V- jf' /j. JFor six or eitfht hours every night it pours a steady
iggSfcJ5«aO /¦* * * f T^L_ J^"^ /stream of electricity into the nerve center, saturating- the
RJ$C§£|£|3V ¦¦ , ' .' j' S •» t|, J*« / yl -weakened tlssueB and organs with Its life. This is strength
KX3«1*WC5 -..'. /' ¦s J ' •** s' ~'^* r - /^ / irronl lt come the vim. energy, the flre of perfect physi-
/ y s/.'.~ y^\kj^ CaI and mental action. It renews the health and happl-
'^^T Read What the Cured Say.
?V^^^^^^^^^^^<^-' ' Chronic Rheumatism Cured. '/¦
W^SSS^Bn»nMtr^^Z^<^- ' ~~ J , DR - M - A - MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Vl I g su°n^red with
tufmn^tjPWm1MjaS3ISSL\ itffor- ~~ • — ~T\ &8lmBB&t&» - chronic lame back for years. About three months ago I
HHaMgJffJBTlSBffiiflgl K /ritlcfr^"""* •> — " IwWPWtM purchased one of your high-grade Belts, and am pleased
P*t5g35SS?py e3»fiS3^JrTHyfi>,-^Iir~ — • — - — W&^ to say that by continuous use of it I have been complete-
fo&ffJslVS&ni i Tr ** rm * J y*s.w2sS7 t . W^~ i ly cured. I am now as well as T ever was. I could not
BengRiJ&ag'l SryS3r/-^>- — . - - nf _^ If **> better, and I have only your Belt to thank for lt.
Uw&Bt&i&fR 4 ~ ==M :^<?~~***^>^^' *-«."" A II v ours very truly. . ¦?_ GEORGE M. CURTIS.
BSfiaBaffa' ' "^.^ ¦ -IL. I I Weak Back and Kidneys Cured.
\MJUtgBKf \ "V. ***** ¦\^"" // / 33 Merchants' Kxchange Building, San Francisco, Cal. '
wfS^^S^Sy -. v w * g '»'«^\ \ "'// I DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN — Dear Sir: Your Klectrlc
p J t- (I ' stand erect, dress and undress more easily than for years:
' " y Y*^ I u has aJso restored me to vigor and sound health. - Very
\\ \\ ™Y0U 8 CAN PAY WHEN CuSeTK
t^t, 1^ 1 %A£ IN THE W ORLD WHO HAS CONFIDENCE ENOUGH IN HIS REMEDY TO WAIT
FOB HIS PAY LjJjTIL. YOL» ARE CURED. I know what my Belt will do, and as you do not. you can try It first If you
will secure me, and I will wait for my nay until you are cured. I have cured 50,000 people In the last 20 years, and though
my Belt can t cure every case I am willing to stand the loss where it fails. So come and try it now. You have nothing
to loge.:,^-' * . ' -.¦¦'¦'¦ . ¦¦-
Cnn^IlIf'Pl'fion Free If you are close enougrh to call do so. Let me show you the difference between my
L !. ,». , .,* up-to-date appliance and old-style burning Electric Belts. . Let me prove to you
why my Belt cures when they fall. - if you will call I will give you a free test to show you how it cures.. : :
C* A ITT'lflM « wa £! old-style, burning electrode belts/which are using an imitation of "my cushion electrodes.
vrtUl l\jn My office contains hundreds of these old belts, discarded as useless and dangerous by persons whose
1 . . " *> oales have been seared and scarred by the bare metal electrodes. I. will make special terms to any
one having one of these old back-burners. - - . . ojij-
P|t£A Rnnk F yo . u *?"'! call> write for my- beautiful descriptive book showing how my Belt is used and giv-
fl l vw uwrv ing- hundreds of letters from grateful people. OPEN EVENINGS. Sundays, 10 to L . * •• ¦
f|D M P Mnl AlinUI iM 702 MARKET STREET, Cor Kearny,
URi IHi U. mGLMybnLllHv San Francisco, Cal.
Tubs | and a swlmmins. /- 317 to 325 1 Bay street ;
thirteen minutes' ride ; from Market street. •
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
, r : A.'. B..Smith' Fur nitureyCo. , 132 Ellis. -• Sell
furniture on easy payments. : .^»
CASTLE GARDEN FOB
, SAN" FBANCISCO POBT
Acting Immigratioii Commissioner
General Lamed Makes Suggestion
Only Partly Approved.
F. H. Larned, ?Acting Commissioner
General of ¦ Immigration, wrote recently to
United States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart H. North at this port asking his
opinion as to the advisability of havinng
an immigrant station established on one
of the islands in the bay. The note men-
tions that Special* Immigrant Inspector
Robert Watchom recommends such afa es-
tablishment in connection with the en-
forcement of the Chinese exclusion laws.'
Acting Commissioner Lamed suggests
that the quarters .might be made suffi-
ciently commodious to serve for Chinese
immigrants as well. " y
Commissioner North -in .• his reply ap-
proves of *the proposition fs.o '.far -as "the
Chinese exclusion laws are concerned,' but
does not approve of.it in the case of other
classes of immigrants. He says that the
system of examining immigrants on board
ship while coming down the harbor is
more expeditious, and gives better satis-
faction to travelers and to the shipping
Interests than would be the case by ctlig-N
ing all the immigrants to go. to Angel
Island for inspection. Mf. North adds:
"If there should bs another influx of Jap-
anese immigrants like that of last year
T think an immigrant station would be
very^useful, but such immigration is very
slov/*at this time. "
¦ o * .
Sudden Death, "of E. C. F. Lubeck.
The aged man who was found last Mon-
day night in an unconscious condition on
the sidewalk on the corner of Twenty-
fourth and Folsom streets, and who died
in the 'ambulance on the way to the City
and County -Hospital was identified at the
Morgue y'esterday as E..C. F. Lubeck, a
retired cabinet maker residing on Treat
avenue. He was i unmarried. The au-
topsy by Morgue Surgeon Dr. Bacigalupi
levealed valvular disease of the heart as
tho cause of death.
"The Price
1 ' "* -- ' "
very low — compared to the
value j btit the shoe is high—
\\ inches all told.
You will wonder how we
can afford to s-H them for
S2.OO the pair.
Our reason is a very large
stock bought for cash, at a |
special figure. Bargains like
this are not surprising to oui
regular ' patrons (and the;
number many thousands), but
strangers will marvel because
such opportunities arc not to be
f 3und elsewhere.
: Another astonishing bar-
gaia . is our White or Tan
Canvas Oxford iot i^J m Q Q m
You^nust see them to appre-
ciate their virtues.
$GL,ORiA, ..the perfect
and refmcd shoe for womsn,
is makingjthe hit of the sca-
son-4353 #< 5O the pair. ,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE COL i
|jot»hp^si -'ajircwcisoo j ¦
'Phone Howard 102L ;
119 TAYLOR STREET.
May 15, 16, IT, 18.
C 1 1 P S D Spreckels* best cube. <fi i ft f|
oUbAn j? pounds ;-$IiUU
** ". Our pnee on sugar al- *«' IIWW
ways lowest. . .
. NAPHTHA SOAP, 4 BARS 25c.
BUTTERS JSsta^^T^rQOc
uu ¦ >lmlf Sold 2240 squares last 4 "* 10
week. Three popular brands to select
from. Not made in city.
JUNKET DESSERT TABLETS lOc
rnnp Very best Ranch. Large (7. «
rhhN white; dozen I f 1 Q
fawuv Gathered dal i y j^ gapped ¦ • 2 U
direct.
HOG AND HOMINY, TIN lOc
OinnilirO Boneless, "Bezler's; Hi «
NAnU NtN 25c tm : I z 1 n
on 1 1 u i ii lo Mo8t perf ect sar . l j 2 «
dine Imported. 10 limit.
ENGLISH LUNCH SAUSAGE. TIN lOc
WORCESTERSHIRE^ i 7 ,p
genuine; 23c size • '2**
For roast meat. steak3, fish, etc. Made
and bottled in England.
BARATARIA SHRIMPS. TIN 10c-
nvOTCDO "Cosmos" brand, Ofi*
U To I tno large can •••'• zUC
timore cove. Three for 55c. *¦¦*•*
POTTED CHICKEN OR TURKEY,
TIN IOC
OfillDO Campbell's or Ander-nc«»
oUUlO son's; assorted. 3 tins JnK
WWMI ** Always special at Fa- uu
ber's. One tin enough for 6 plates of soup.
SCOTCH OR ATLAS OATS, PKG. lOc
DI4DCT Rlch smooth, 5-year nr.
.uLAnC 1 old "« 60c gallon'. JHR
>UUnllUI St. Helena Vineyard. VUU
You ask. Is It g-ood? Price cut in half.
RAISINS SPECIAL— ALL GRADES.
1 If II 1 0 1/ T V Highest quality, 3 f) r n
WnloKtT brands, quart bottle.. Uhfc
IIIIIUIVUI OLD GOVERNMENT. UUU
matured In bond and bottled at distillery:
JESSE MOORE A A, most popular whole-
some stimulant; O. P. S., best straight
whiskey on the market.
33 I 6 PKGS. TOILET P. -PER 25c
FAIRY SOAP H3 ; '^v25C
floating: soap. For toilet and bath.
YUCO MUSH 15c PKGS. lOc
Country orders cannot be shipped before
. Friday. May 17.
:0R. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
» \meriea Ahead of the World in Electric*! Inren- '
» tions! Everybody know* thlst Our new Body-;
? Battery, (U. S. Pa tent) is strictly »n American
t lnTentioa-TIIK Belt of the Century. It sends a,
! powerful, reTersible current throngb. tne human ,
;tiody from Head to *oot. onrJur Ctrontc and,
.NerTong Diseases »nd Weaknefsof Male or Female .
. as If by Matrtc So positive are we that no other •
. belt is the equal of " tfr. Fierce's /' that we will send-
? it «> APPROVAL for comparison with any belt'
? now sold In America. " Seeing is BelieTing." ;
t NOTE.— We never send belts "On. Trial," there- 4
Cfore in ordering "Dr. Pierre's" no rUk is run of ?
V contracting hu» l»l«e«we or other iJisorders by ?
? uainz an appliance pr«Tl»u»I.r worn ky other *
> neraona. Call, or send a2c. stamp for new "Booklet J
»'ko.% r Address: PIEKCK KLKCTRIC CO.l
$.1145 r.ro»rtvrr»T. '"car ?<5f»i ps > ?>f»«w York, f
Or 206 Post St,, San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
T«his\veljo-k:xowniant> rkliable old
,L Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhcen, Gleet,
Stricture, Semlnul Weakness, ir notence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Du«%es of Men. free
Over20years'e:r.peretiee.T<»rnM reasonable. Hoar*.
9 to3dally;6:30 to 3. 30eT*K*. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free andsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BO8GOB McXUIiTY, M.D.
«»SJi J&earnySt.. San Jb'rancincft. CsJ-
ftlTP nni/RI Corner Fourth and
lirr nfliu '•snwk.'-as?
UHIL nuiHL g-^siJ-sa
valisea ch*c*«i fe«f
'AJViEBTISEMMTS. '•___
4C~r I Hi. mat £ Ij /» B
THIS WEEK
i • .• - ; ¦•¦"... •••¦ s-L .
45-inch ALL-WOOL CREPE GRANITE CLOTH,
a new fancu weave for summer wear, 1 all
the fashionable shades} .
Price $5.oo Dress Pattern.
Best aualitu ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLAN-
NEL, in all the leading shades, also polka
dots; full 21 inches wide;
Price $l.oo Yard.
47-inch SILK AND WOOL CREPE DE CHINE,
in shades of Mode, Reseda, Pastel Blue,
• Violet, Old Rose, £rau and Garnet]
Price $2.oo Yafd.
SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, 3i. inches wide; in
hoth changeable and plain? all the latest
shadesj Price 1 5c Yard.
FANCY STRIPED MERCERIZED MOREEN
SKIRTS, extra ! width, with accordeon
pleated flouncesj veru fine aualitnj
Price $2.50 Each.
FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, full size
and assorted borders? 6-pounds in weight}
1 Price $500 Pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS (in "Cream onlij),
full length and width, with fast lock
stitch edges? Price $4.oo Pair.
LADIES' FINE BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
soles, heels and toes, 1 pure Hermsdorff dpei '
25c Pair.
JUST: OPENED—
An elegant line of NEW BELT BUCKLES,
HAIR BROOCHES, PERSIAN TRIMMINGS,
FEATHER BOAS and BRAID TRIMMINGS.
HI. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. \ S, .