VOLUME XCI.~ NO 26.
RIOTING SOLDIERS GATHER AROUND A SALOON NEAR PRESIDIO AND POLICE
AND THE MILITARY ARE CALLED OUT BEFORE THE DISTURBANCE IS QUELLED
ITALIAN GOVERNMENT RENEWS ITS EFFORTS
TO HAVE AMERICAN LAWS SO EXTENDED AS
TO GUARD ITS SUBJECTS AGAINST LYNCHING
Embassador From the Court of King Victor Emmanuel De
clares a Cash Indemnity ;Would Not Be Considered
Adequate Restitution for Recent Outrage in Erwin, Miss.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 25.— Tho
Italian Government has been
renewing its efforts of late
•with the authorities in Wash
ington to have our Federal
statutes so extended as to protect for
eigners in cases arising within the Juris
diction of States, thus giving a Federal
remedy for lynchings and like outrages
directed against Italians, such as have
occurred in Louisiana, Colorado and Mls
fissippl. It is the exchange of views re
cently which brought on the discussion
In the Italian Senate, when Baron Fava
interpellated the Italian Premier as to
■ the progress of an adjustment. Immedi
ately on the arrival of the new Embassa
oor, Bignor Mayar des Pianches, he took
up this question, which had arisen in
connection with the lynchings of several
Italian citizens In Irwin, Miss. In this
connection Signor Mayar said to-day:
Treaty Proves One-Sided.
"Under the treaty which exists between
Italy and the United States the citizens
of each country are guaranteed the full
est protection while residing in the other
country. In the case of Americans re
tidlng in Italy they have exactly the same
rights, th© same protection, the same re
course to the courts that fin Italian sub
ject enjoys. The only exception is in con-
Eectilon with political rights. In the case
of Italians residing in the United States
the treaty assures them the same rights
and protection given to American citi
zens. But. unfortunately, this expression
of th© treaty, so far as it relates to Ital
ians in this country. Is somewhat theo
retical, for under the American system.,
which limits the Federal authority over
States, the central government is not
able to give effect to the guarantee laid
down by the treaty. We fully recognise
the difficulties of this situation, which
been as apparent to the statesmen
this country as they have to those of
Italy. "We have hoped this would bring
about the enactment of a law which
would permit the Federal Government to
carry out the guarantees of the treaties.
This would be a genuine remedy for af
fairs similar to those which hay© oc
curred in Louisiana and Mississippi, and
would prevent the periodical agitation
POISONED BREAXFAST
IS GIVEN TO SOLDIERS
Eighty Men of Company F, Eigh
teenth United States Infantry,
Suddenly Taken 111.
DENVER. Dec. 25.— A special to the
News from Cheyenne, Wyo., says eighty
members of Company F, Eighteenth In
fantry, were poisoned at breakfast this
morning and for a time fully half of
them were in danger of death. Before
breakfast v.-as over every man In the
><-:inp had to leave the table and soon ail
r.ero prostrated and in great agony. The
p.jst purgeon was hurridly summoned and
a«5 ministered antidotes. Forty of the men
who sat down first were In very bad
Ehape. Antidotes relieved all of them and
ty-jp evening: some of them were able to
The San Francisco Call.
RULER OF THE ITALIANS AND THE EMBASSADOR THROUGH Wh6m
HE IS PROTESTING TO THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
AGAINST THE LYNCHING OP HIS SUBJECTS.
over cases arising In the States. As these
cases arose they would be assured of at
tention under the Federal authority, with
careful regard for the execution of treaty
obligations.
Does Not Seek Blood Money.
"Since the recent lynchings at Erwln,
Miss., there has been more or less dis
cussion of the payment of a money in
demnity. But, in the view of the' Italian
Government, the question of indemnity
does not enter Into the case. There has
been no suggestion coming from us, much
less a demand, for a cash Indemnity to
the Government. The Italian Government
does not seek blood money. At the same
lim© the families of the victims, who are
the ones moat directly affected, are nat-
be about. One old man, however. Is criti
cally ill.
The surgeon is of, the opinion that
poison was In the beef.
MAY MAKE PURCHASE
OF LAND COMPULSORY
England Said to Be Preparing Bill of
That Character to Apply to
Ireland.
LONDON. Dec. 26.— The Daily News
gives it as a rumor that the Government
Is preparing an Irish land bill providing
an equivalent to compulsory purchase. It
is believed that the measure provides that
the tenant may buy at seventeen and the
landlord sell at twenty years' rental, the
state providing the payment; of : the three
gears' difference.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901.
urally willing to listen to a suggestion of
a monetary indemnity, and when these
suggestions are voluntarily made by tho
State or Federal authorities we can do
nothing more than be the medium for
considering them In behalf of our people.
Such Indemnities are to the people af
fected, and not to the Italian Govern
ment, which feels that there Is a far
greater question involved than any finan
cial return to individuals. It is the real
and the permanent remedy "of having the
Federal laws give to Italian subjects the
protection guaranteed in our treaties that
we desire, and it is to this end that any
exchanges of views are tending, rather
.than to the payment of indemnities in
special cases. What the Italian Govern
ment desires is a system cbverlng all
cases."
FEAR FOR THE. SAFETY
OF A MISSING SCHOONER
Owners Think ' Vessel Foundered in
a Heavy Gale Off Newfound- •
land Coast.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Dec. 25.— Eight
men are believed to have lost their Hve3
in the probable foundering of the schoon
er Eliza S. Parkhurst, which was posted
to-day by Its owners as missing.
The Parkhurst, commanded by Captain
John D. McKlnnon, sailed from the Bay
of Island, Newfoundland, November 24 for
this port with a crew of six men and one
passenger, Lawrence McDonald of this
city. The boat carried a cargo of her
ring. . A gale sprang up November 25 and
In It • the '• Parkhurst is 'believed to have
foundered.
VENEZUELA
INCURS IRE
OF FRANCE
Castro Involves the Re
public in a Fresh
Complication-
Seizes Property Leased to a
Subject of the Paris Gov
ernment.
Prompt Notice Is Served That a Strict
Accounting Will Be De
manded Because of
the Outrage.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. J901. by the Herald Pub-
1 'shine company.
FORT-OF-SFAIN, Dec. 25.— Another
complication has arisen between France
and Venezuela owing to President Cas
; tro's proclivity In getting into hot water
whenever an occasion is offered. With a
revolution on his hands, with Germany
preparing to enforce her claims by a na
val demonstration in "Venezuelan waters
and with Colombia anxious for his over
throw, Castro has added another to the
grievances of France against the Vene
zuelan Government, because French citi
zens' rights have been violated.
This new grievance arises from the
seizure of the properties of Senor Manuel
H. Matos, leader of the new Venezuelan
revolution and a man of wealth. Senor
Matos leased a part of his properties to
M. Secrestat of Bordeaux for two years,
under the Venezuelan Civil Code, which
permits such a transaction to be effected
without ■ the necessity, of .- registering the
documents.".- By the seizure, of the leased
properties President; Gaitro- has- deprived
M. Secrestat of their revenue and use. , rx>
France ' Takes Prompt Action.
The French Government has notified
President Castro of the Infringement of
M. Secrestat' s rights and that It intends
to protect them to the fullest extent by
demanding damages and interest If the
revenues are not Immediately paid over
to M. Secrestat. France has made a com
plete investigation and has learned that
the demand, even under Venezuelan law,
is well founded.
Venezuela has been on bad terms with
France since the rupture of diplomatic
relations in 1S95, because the South Amer
ican republic would not pay French claims
growing out of revolutions.
Germany intends to act immediately
against President Castro's Government
for the latter's failure to pay interest on
the debt owing German bankers during
the last three years, and also Its failure
to settle other claims of subjects of the
German Emperor. The German claims
arising out of the late revolution amount
to about 2,000,000 bolivars, and It is said
that $2,000,000 is due for coupons not paid
on the German loan.
The naval demonstration, it is said,
would have taken place by this time had
it not been that the German cruiser VI
neta needed repairs and had to go to the
United States for an overhauling. It is
believed that within a short time Presi
dent Castro will find a German squadron
making an effective demonstration In
Venezuelan waters and that a Venezuelan
port has been seized.
Germany's Naval Demonstration.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— United States
and German warships are converging on
Venezuela. Three of the German vessels
are at St. Thomas and a fourth is at
Port-of-Spaln, Trinidad. They are ex
pected to shortly assemble and, In squad
ron formation, move on and occupy a
Venezuelan port.
In order that the United States' inter
ests, may be adequately protected, the
United States has gathered in the Carib
bean Sea a force more formidable even
than that which destroyed Spanish naval
power in the Western Atlantic. The bat
tleships Kearsarge, Alabama and Massa
chusetts are at Havana and will sail to
morrow to continue their cruise, which
will carry them very near to the Vene
zuelan coast. The battleship Illinois, now
at Algiers, La., will join them within a
few weeks. The battleship Indiana will
remain at Curacao. 170 miles from La
Guayra, and If the revolution in Vene
zuela menaces United States interests she
will hurry, to Venezuelan waters; if not,
she will join the squadron.
Besides the battleships, the United
States flag files from the masts of two
gunboats and three training ships now in
the Caribbean Sea. They will be rein
forced by seven more training ships be- j
fore the winter is at an end. The Gulf i
of Parla, a magnificent sheet of water
which washes the shore of Venezuela,
will be the destination of most of these
ships.
The authorities have not- lost sight of
the advantage of having warships in
close proximity to Venezuela. Complica
tions dangerous' to the United States may
follow a German demonstration in Vene
zuelan waters, and the administration de
sires to be prepared to meet them.
The Navy; Department received a tele
gram to-day announcing that the train
ing-ship Prairie would leave Tompklns
ville at daylight for Hampton Roads,
whence she will proceed direct to Port
of-Spaln, or Trinidad Island, just off the
north coast of Venezuela,
FIGHT STARTS IN DAVE TARPEY'S SALOON,
BUT SOON BECOMES GENERAL FOR SEVERAL
HUNDRED PROTECTORS OF THE NATION
William Ross Is Stabbed in
Back but Not Seriously
Hurt.
NOT much of peace on earth nor
.good will toward men was dis
played yesterday afternoon by
more than 1000 howling soldiers In
front of Dave Tarpey's saloon, on
Baker street, near Greenwich, just
outside the Presidio grounds. They
were men from several regiments,
cursing, yelling, demanding blood
and mixing in a general free-for-all
SCENES IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF DAVE TARPEY'S SALOON ON BAKER STREET. WHERE A RIOT
STARTED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, IN WHICH 1000 SOLDIERS PARTICIPATED AND WHICH WAS
FINALLY QUELLED BY THE \ POLICE AND ARMED GUARDS.
i . •■ ■ c ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
fight. The riot was finally quelled by
the police and several detachments of
troops from the Presidio. Revolvers,
clubs, stones and mud were brought Into
play during the riot, and for their partici
pation fifty-nine of Uncle Sam's warriors
are under arrest in the reservation and
fifteen of them are lodged In the North
End police station. '
The wonder of the riot Is _ that no one
was seriously injured. Dave Tarpey's sa
loon received a shake-up that brought
back recollections of the old Tennessee
days. Not satisfied, with .tearing 'down
bottles, demolishing furniture and trying
to make debris out of Tarpey's place, the
infuriated . mob of soldiers moved down
Bakervetreet to Greenwich and up Green
wich to Lyon, where P. W. Anderson has
a saloon. Windows were smashed here
and a few shots were fired into the place
Just by way of variety. At this juncture
the police arrived and under Sergeant El
lis did effective work In dispersing the
rioters.
Fight Centers Around Ross.
On one of the cots in the post ; hospital
at the Presidio lies Private William Rossi
suffering from a cut In the back.' Around
Ross the disturbance of the day centers.
About' 3 : o'clock, in the afternoon he was
•walking up Baker street with a pail on
his arm when he noticed two soldiers
fighting on the sidewalk. Ross, who is a
, private In the Seventieth Coast Artillery,
•;...*•;■:
interfered. The street brawlers belonged
to the Eleventh Cavalry and one of them
vowed vengeance on Ross for taking a
hand. Ross helps to serve drinks in Tar
pey's saloon whenever he can get away
from post duty. Early In the morning he
ejected two bellicose corporals of the
Eleventh Cavalry for rowdyism and
threats of destruction.
Liquor flowed freely just outside the
precincts of. the Presidio all day long and
when the early hours of the evening
were reached there was fire and riot in
the air. The corporal of the Eleventh
that vowed vengeance on Ross collected
a few of his comrades together and then
they went looking for. their enemy. Ross
was in Tarpey's saloon waiting on custom
ers" at the time. Dave Tarpey himself
was sitting behind the counter, reading a
paper when the soldiers entered his place.
Ross moved out in front of the bar to
draw a glass of beer when a corporal of
the Eleventh Cavalry rushed toward him,
caught him. about the neck and stabbed
him In the back. Ross fought until he
could fight no longer. Chairs were bran
dished, bottles thrown about and clubs
used with reckless disregard for heads or
furniture. Tarpey saved Ross from fur
ther injur'y. by dragging him out through
the . rear door of the saloon and having
him carried over to the post hospital.
Riot Quickly Follows.
• The soldiers meanwhile . had rushed out
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Policeman George Brown Is
Severely Cut Over the
Eye.
of Tarpey'a, but they soon returned
threatening vengeance and punishment
on the head of the proprietor If he
brought charges against them or divulged
the names of any who took part in the
fracas. News of the row traveled fast
and in a very short time choice pugilistic
representatives from various regiments
were on hand. ready for further violence.
Ross was forgottten in the frenzy and
the soldier mob was ready for anything.
One man had a rope in his hand, another
was on the lookout for kerosene. Stone3
were thrown at windows and at men.
The "casuals," recruits who will soon be
on their way to Manila, came down from
the old site of the Tennessee regiment
and Joined in the melee.
Police Officers Hostetter. Rice and Her
ring, whose details He immediately out
side the Presidio grounds, rang for help
and Sergeant Tom Ellis of the North End
station I responded with the wagon and
Officers Frary, Brown, Riley, Alvares,
Rooker, Meagher and Tlerney. The fight
between the police and the soldiers was
a hot one. Stones wrought the greatest
damage and every officer engaged has a
mark or two to show for the .conflict.
George O. Brown came out of the strug
gle with a deep gash over his eye and
was taken tq_ the hospital. Sergeant El
lis with his men managed to gather in
fifteen of the soldiers and they were hur
ried up toward the North End station.
They are by name: James Doyle, John
Miller. J. F. Kinman. William Edward?.
M. E. Sullivan. Ernest v Rodgers. Roaco
Lounsbergr, John J. Jones. Vames Taylor,
E. H. Christopher. Walter* Stevrn. Sam
Hueston. Frank L. Morris. Dave Stan
ford and John Stepord. HPtf
Up Greenwich street the aoldiers were
driven by the police, clubs in hand. Op«
■ Continued on Page Seven,
B3ifl8HBHflB9BBlflfaHflBflHHfl2
GIVES MILLIONS
BACK TO CHINA
United States Will Not
Accept the Full
Indemnity.
Other Powers May Divide
the Sum Thus Saved to
Yellow Nation. ; - ,.
Special DiEpatch *o The Call. :>..'.- _
CALL BUREAU. HOC G; STREET, '-N.'
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec; .25.— China will
be relieved of the. payment of, $lS,tW0,003
of the $25,000 ,00U demanded by; the United
Suites as indemnity tor outrages perpe
trated upon Americuji .cU-iS^p.s curing the
toxer revolt of UhX). , The aamimatration,
alter consideration of all ciainis nied by
.uuencans who Euffereu injury or wnose
i/ioperty was uaraajjeU ,anu me expeiiBe^
iiicurrea by ■ lac' army' and navy, has
cujiio to tne coiiclubioii ahm »7,Wi>o,ia«> win
cover the A-mericnu bni> Preniutiiu Koose
velt submilted to CojiyTifeS a lew tiaytf
at;o a recommendation mat ua appropna
tiun of 6e hiado 't«i eitauie tn»>
tsutmiactiun 01 ciiiiiii.-i recetvwl fiuiu
Atnenctttw. 'me rutvai ynu muuajy ix
j>eiibt'S WSV0 less than Ja.iwo.uiw.- •
Mr. Itoi'kmu proiJuteu to the powers
that the Ciutmu be cut 111 hull. Tin*. \>:<>-
I>u6u\ wuu rejected unu tnv powcii* it
iu^cd tu reuutu ineir cmitu*. j'ne uniitul
;-i.»i. .-, UMTOtOTV, tlHVinu (-umiiil |i-.l ail
fuumate for fci5.wJ.wu, wu» vuinpuiled »o
:l:.-iH mat It .-H.'W:.! In- liiti.l. 11 iri i» 1» -
j.uli i.t UlUt if 11.;.- i;..V «J ;;im-Hl Illlulinh
nit- r. l.n-.K i.iiiii.i! j»i> - nut me i mini
m..i.-» wut not take iu..i. titan j;,»h,.i.h,
I- .'Itn I l>..V.il» Will .1.111 III. i III,. I 111.
I .iu.ni . i.r uini.-i! into n K'U" 'at fund
aim i»- distributed u r. them tu .-.h^i.v
claims which they hula, titn'h a, rrmi
would be extrratcly <u.-'!ii •• ml in tliln
Uovcrnmciu, c»-peen»Uy an all of thu pow
rr», with tin- MtnRte .a.-i i ti<.n <r Japan'.
h.-iii:>tuiimI indemnities fitcnuy in «xccsn
vt the sum to which they were jupU> en
titled. 1 ,
The tnnltcr 1« further eomplicalod hy
the method uerecd upon by tho powers
for the payment of bonds mnuwl— o>»-th«-
Chlnest* Cruvi-rtinipnt in settlcmrnt of tho
Indemnity. The payment^ extends -over u
period of forty years. It 1b, of course, in
advisable to wait that time before" re
storing the flf>,<XH),000 to China und some
other way must be deviled, to arrange
either Tor the return of the bonds to the
Feking Government or to relieve it of the
necessity of issuing them in favor of the
United States.
RAILROAD TRAIN RUNS
INTO A BURNING BRIDGE
Five of the Passengers Are Badly In
jured and Only One of the
Cars Is Jsaved.
DALLAS, Tex., Dec. 23. — TSie north
bound Texas, Kansas and Pacific "flyer,"
oue at 11 p. m., ran into a burning bridge
five miles south of this city just before
midnight last night. There was no I0S3
of life, but five persons were injured and
four cars were destroyed, only the Pull
man beinjf saved.
The injured: J. S. Clark, engineer, Den
nlson, shoulder and ankle broken; Fire
man William Kearney, Dennison, cut on
lit-ad and severely bruised; Joel Henry,
colored, internally; Mrs. Rose Lull, col
ored, Waco, slignily; unknown colored
woman, -slightly.
On rounding a curve at Seven-mile
Creek Engineer Clark saw a burning
bridge ahead. He reversed iiis engine,
applied the brakes and jumped, as also
dm the fireman. The engine crossed the
bridge, but the baggage car went down.
Tlais derailed the engine, which, after
tearing up the track for some distance,
turned over into a ditch. The train be
hind the baggage car was left standing
on the track and caught lire from the
burning bridge. The passengers were
able to escape from the train by jumping
down a twelve-foot embankment. - The
contents cf the mail, express and bag
gage cars were saved. The Pullman was
rolled out of danger by the crew and-pas
sengers, but the remainder of the train,
including a chair car. two coaches and a
combination mail and baggage car, was
consumed.
THE VEST LATEST COL-
OB PROCESS. Eight Pages
in Eeautiful Colors that are
pleasing to the eye.
Tfovrriac Kills His Aged Mother.
TAYLORS FALLS. Minn.. Dec. 25.—
Abraham Xelson, an old resident, has
been taken Into custody, charged with
killing his mother, 83 years of age, by
splitting her head open with an ax last
night. He was weak-minded, but was
considered harmless. He was alone wltn
hi? mother at the time. Nelson is 55 years
old.
M. af T^n*!^ 8 *! 6 °l mcdIcines an£ l toilet articles begins \ •
n c j -, g Co - toii y and continues unt!l a week from* "
It oaturday night, January 4th. " . ffi\
m ' « Th r ° W ! • DrUg Co - ls '°P en da y and night and thev never \
M nn out of anything, Telephone orders delivered-call up Scmh 3 S 6 j. 1
. ' Pears and Churchlirs Soap " Cuticura SoaD ik --■i\-
I One Cake each' ■ 25C T W» U our r eK nltr «Uing price of ° % 1
Sh f e t d a ?- P ?^" CC arter's Pills, 15 c 1
| Kirk'5 Irish Moss Cough £2^&j$?J!$ I
i '' ''' " : Ra!c!m Aft our price. - '.. -II
I 11 The bekt mcSiciat for i coagh we Coke's Dandruff Cure 65c /iff
\'ti U K-° W °!r" Ut »*nl*riy for joe SelU erery where for ti— out ree- 'fit
y\" -/Maxvina v^ream 25c uiar price is 85c . ;. . . -, thu
fljV;. . A good crcasa for the face, 15c lest Lflblachg P3CC PowdCf • • 2Sr fnll
W ».' l ♦" 7 ?S. Pay t^ . h « at ° ther itorei ■ Made t0 Kil for'joc-others charr e . Ml
wjj numer, i^ye Whiskey. ■■■ : $J 4°c— «ar usual price 30c IsJl '
\\ ■■■v**?'$? i J l ??■'■■?■ :**•*> : Duffy's Malt Whbkv ■7^ i'/f/
M. IVCC S ar ? * SCOtch Whiskey 95c • R«e»!ar price everywhere it $i if'//'
UkO, . Made to »ell for <i. 50 — here Ton I v/m'a T..11. ' n j i ■//
w& we 55c tbi* week ' e j°» Lyons Tooth Powder I5c/$y
SHAW ACCEPTS
CABINET PLACE
Roosevelt Will Retain
'Secretary of Agricul
ture Wilson. -
Pacific Coast Man Likely to
Be Head of the Interior
. s v ; Department. [3«
* j.'i: r*6»ec!al Dispatch to The Oftll.
■"WASHINGTON, Dec. • 25.— Official an
nouncement was made from the White
House ti-night "that Leslie M." Shaw of
IowU'Will become Secretary of the Treas
ury, "aha^hls' acceptance of the^positlon in
Roosj&yeU's Cabinet will not affect the po
sition "of Secretary Wilson. This settles
the question as to the President's atti
tude* to\vard ; Secretary Wilson.
. The late President McKinloy found Wil
son a gpod.advlsen during the. war. with
Spain and afterward, because he was In
touch with Western people and followed
the Bound common-sense' views which
represent the. patriotic spirit of the coun
■try.; Wilson *a«- the flna man in public
lrfe to declare that the Hag which Dewey
Hiii 111 h ,1 over Manila Bay whould never bu
withdrawn and that the Philippine I$l
tinds" must become American territory.
While other *tttteetn,en wailed he Bpoke
out, and the country Indorsed hlu utter
ance, ho that MeKlnley, after- hid- trip to
the West, gave' titticiul attaurance that the
Hug mis«*«i. ••■ in Maniltv would, never he
huuled down, , '
Iowa will shave two members of the Cnl>-
Inet, but. both of them are more than
Iowa 'mm. 1 They are both Western men,
win* r«<|ire*enl the grent Rgrleuliurftl »«,■
tlun of ihe'voiintry, ami rue an popular In
llUnolB, isebrftekft ami the wem m in
their own home Btute.
With 8haw. WilBon nod Payne repre
•rntiiij? iho Mieniseiiiiit Valley.' the next
ci'unKw Iti tin- Cabinet will probably bo to
a*- man from the Went fully nc
tjunltued wltn the needs of the mountain
ift f tlon and tho Pucllta Cntist fnr 8<?cre
ttiry of the Interior. When Secretary
Long rctlrca nn.lSaPtcrn man will succeed
litm-nn Secretary of the Nuvy.
To Senator l)oIHver of Iowa, whore re
lfittons with Governor Bhnw have been
eMfu?, the latter's eelpctlon for the Trene
'ufy'portfolio gave the greateat pleasure.
"The Governor," he euiil, "has demon-
Ftrated by speeches delivered before
Chambers of Commerce and banking
associations In every large city of the
Tnited States the soundness of his theory
of our banking and currency system. He
is not only a student of these questions,
but has been for many years a successful
banker. In selecting him the President
undoubtedly acted in a great measure
upon his personal familiarity with .Gov
ernor Shaw's abilities in dealing witn the
special subjects that belong to the Treas
ury Department.". .
PROPOSE TO STRIKE OUT
THE MINIMUM GRAINS DUTY
Germany Is Yielding to Russia's Un
compromising 1 Attitude Regard
ing Tariff Bill.
BERLIN, Dec. 25.— The Government,
yielding to Russia's uncompromising atti
tude regarding the tariff bill, will propose,
when the committee having the matter In
charge meets, that the minimum grains
duty be stricken out. These minimum du
ties were put in by the agrarians,
who desired to fix a limit under which
ccmcessions could not be made- in the
commercial treaty negotiati9ns. The elis
ions leave the Ministry free to meet the
views of Russia respecting grain and hay.
Thus far it has not made any report con
cerning the tariff, being advised to wait
until it was seen in what form the meas
ure would "be apt to pass:
FRAY FOR DELIVEEANCE
. . OF '. BRIGANDS' CAPTIVES
Special Services Are Being Held in
Every Christian Church in
the Orient.
NEW YORK/ Dec. 25.-Letters received
In this city by natives of Armenia contain
the information that the people of the
East are still greatly agitated over the
abduction of Miss Ellen Jkl. Stone, the
missionary, and her companion, Mme.
Tsilka. The Armenian and Turkish Em
pire Christians have assembled daily in
their places of worship since September
3 to pray for the deliverance of Miss
Stone and her conrmanion. . , " '.
Special prayers were held to-day in Bey
reut and in every Christian church in
the Orient in pursuance of a plan formu
lated several weeks ago.
Marriage of a Popular Actress.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 25.— Miss Ellen Mor
timer, who takes the character of Esther
in "Ben Hur," now playing at the Alvin
Theater, was married to-day to Claude A.
Cunningham, a music teacher of Chicago.
The wedding was witnessed only by close
friends and members of the company.
TEJ5 SAN FRANCISCO, CALX., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2G, 15)01.
FINE MONUMENT WILL COMMEMORATE
THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT'S VISIT
■ ■ . • . . ■ ...-■•
Orders Are Given for the Immediate Erection of a Statue of
William McKinley M the Spot Where He Addressed
the People at the Time of His Visit to This Coast
AN JOSE, Dec. 25.-The design of
(^»jk I the monument "to be erected to
< <jJ^J the memory of President Mc-
Kinley was chosen yesterday and
the sub-committee in charge of it was
AVERTS CLASH
OF REPUBLICS
Argentina and Chile Ar
rive at Temporary-
Agreement.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 25.— A dispatch
from Santiago de Chile says that after a
fresh conference held this evening be
tween President Riesco, Foreign Minister
Yariez and Senor.Portela, the Argentine
Minister, the new agreement was signed,
the latest modifications to the former pro
posals being accepted. -The Government
officially confirms the. statement that the
protocol has-been signed.
The newspapers say the new protocol
dispels the Immediate danger of war, but
that the remedy is not permanent. At a
secret session of the Chilean Senate yes
terday the Government demanded author
ity 'for the expenditure of $15,000,000 in
preparation for defense. The sitting was
an exciting one. It was finally decided to
authorize the floating of . a loan for the
purpose.
According to the Diarlo Argentina, for
her part, in view of the new naval acqui
sition by Chile, has decided upon the con
struction In Italy of two warships. of 8u03
tons, to be ready by the end of 1W8.
LIMA, Peru, Dec. 25.— Advices from
La Paz (capital of Bolivia) report that
Congress close on Monday without hav
ing sanctioned the treaty of arbitration
in the matter of. the controversy regard
ing the boundary between Peru and Bo
.llvia, but that secret sessions sanctioned
the . contract with a Bolivian company
formed in London for the leading conces
sion of territory in Acre. « *- •■
Queen Alexandra Is Improving.
LONDON, Dec. 25.— Queen Alexandra is
making excellent progress toward re
covery but will not be able to be out for
several days.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take . Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All
drupgists refund the money it it falls to cure
E. W. Grove'* slgnaiure is on each box, 20c •
authorized to arrange all the details for
its erection, -The -action of tho sub-com
mittee on de3ignVthat chose the, model of
Rupert Schmid of" Sain Francisco was en
dorsed by- the general memorial commit
tee. :■■■:.■■.-." •■!.■;•-•
FEAR MUTINY
ON A WARSHIP
Wisconsin ;; Leaves ' Har
j';,;. bor of. Honolulu .
-Hurriedly. ;
■ "'• ' ;•:?■.•-«■•:* ■".•■_•: ' :: ■}'!'•'■'<' ■ V • ■ • ''
. • ,-.;■ (Sg Special :,Dlspatch to The^li. . ■. -
VICTORIA;--B.:-C3yebl r 25:--The sailing
Of the United States battleship Wisconsin
ironr Honolulu one day ahead cf. the time
scheduled for her - to leave created sur
vmso at that "ulaee:- ■ - • '<'-
The Wisconsin. /^as supposed to sail for
Acapulco on December 12. but on Decem
ber 11 she quietlyund without notice left
the harbor. 'It :ia ascertained that the
cause of her premature departure was tho
fact that tne imen were quarantined
aboard nhe ship on account of an epidemic
of rneasies. Toi^ prevented the men from
going i ashore and was so detrimental to
aisciplme: that to avoid trouble the' Wis
consin- sailed one day, earlier than: was
expected.; ■ V .. ... :-■. . _■
A large number of. vessels bound for
Honolulu at the time of the steamer Aro
rangi s .departure were overdue. Among
this fleet were the schooners Churchill and
Novelty and the ship Prince Louis from
Newcastle, all of which are long- over
due, trom the same port. the schooners
Robert Searles and Su3ie M. Plummer and
the bark James Johnson are due.
From Puget- Sound and Oregon ports the
list is a, long 'one, and Includes the bark
entine Quickstep, thirty-feix days out from
•racoma,;for,Kahululand Jthe ship S. D.
Carleton, forty-four days . out from Ta
coma. .The barkentine Klickitat is twen
ty-seven'days out from P6rt Ludlow; bark
Ceylon twenty-nine days,- out from Port
Gamble;'.'schooner Bendixsen, forty-one
days out from Port BlaHeley.
From Grays Harbor the schooners
Murler and W. F. Wltzemann are' out
thirty and thirty-geven | days respectively,
and frcm Eureka the bri« Consuelo is out
twenty-seven days for Hilo.
A strong southerly wind has prevailed
for the past few days. This, it was ex
pected, would bring in some of the New
castle fleet. . On account of the prevailing
winds Inter-island traffic is almost | aban
doned. '. Several schooners engaged in the
trade have not been able to go out. Sev
eral steamers have had hard trips.
The report stated that six designs had
been submitted and Schmid's model was
considered the most appropriate. Other
competitors were Robert I. Aitken t>f San
Francisco, F. D. Jackson of San Leandro,
Schwind E. Schmitt of this city, Jean
La Veau of San Jose and Miss Sibyl Eas
terday of Niles. It was a close contest
for a time between Schmid and Aitken.
but the committee by a final 10 to 5 vote
decided to take the Schmid model.
The figure shows McKinley with an
overcoat as part of his attire, his hat in
his left hand and his right hand extended
in the form of welcome. ' There is much
minor elaboration which adds to the at
tractiveness of the statue.
The monument will be erected In St.
James Park, at the spot where McKinley
addressed the people of the city last May.
It will cost $13,500. All artists who sub
mitted models were allowed $25 eacb for
expenses.
MEN OF SCIENCE
EARN REWARDS
Win Fortunes Through
Discoveries Benefit
ing Mankind.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.-United States
Minister Thomas has reported to the State
Department that events of unusual Im
portance and interest took place on De
cember 10 in Stockholm and Christiania
in connection with the award of the No
bel prizes. Alfred Nobel, the discoverer
of dynamite, who died five years ago, lett
th'e whole of his vast fortune for the ben
efit of mankind, and in. his will directed
that it be divided into prizes, without re
gard to nationality, the worthiest to be
awarded the prize, whether he be Scandi
navian or not. The prizes consisted of
five allotments, each of more than $40,000.
The awards were as follows:
In physics, Wilhelm Conrad Roentgen
professor at the University of Munich,
the discoverer of the Roentgen rays: in
chemistry,. to. Jacobus Heinricus Vanthoff,
professor at the University of Berlin; in
medicine, to Emil von Behring, professor
at Halle, the discoverer of diphtheria se
rum; in literature, to Sully-Prudhomme,
member of the French Academy. The
works of peace prizes were divided be
tween Frederick Passy, national econo
mist, of France, and Henri Dunant of
Switzerland, the leading spirit in bringing
about the Geneva convention and insti-»
tutlng the societies of the^ed Cross.
The prize diplomas were awarded by the
Crown Prince in Stockholm in the pres
ence of. a great .gathering of distinguished
persons, and in Christiania the award
was made by the Norwegian Storthing,
convened in session. Sully r Prud
homme was unable to attend because of
sickness.
Ex-President Cleveland Improving.
PRINCETON, N. J., Dec. 25.-Ex-Presi
dent Cleveland's i condition was, if any
thing, more favorable to-day. He showed
a greater disposition to move about and
while he did not attempt to come down
stairs and take- part in his children's
Christmas he showed much interest in
the gifts. ..
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
Danduff Is Caused by a Germ That
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
• It Is now a settled fact that dandruff is
caused by a germ. Falling hair and bald-
ness are the result of dandruff. Dr. E. J.
Beardsiey of Champaign, 111., got hold of
the' new hair preparation, Newbro's Her-
plclde— the only one that kills the dandruff
germ. He says: "I used Herpicido for my
dandruff and falling hair and I am well
satisfied with the result." Dr. J. t. Fu-
friite' of Urbana, 111.; says: "I have used
Herplclde for dandruff with excellent re-
sults. I shall prescribe it in my practice "
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. ■ Phy-
sicians as weir as the general public say
so. S303S
"SANTA CLAUS"
PROVES A HERO
San Diegd Man, in Burn
ing-Garments, Extin
guishes Fire.
Participants in a Celebration
Bun From a Blazing
Tree.
Special Dispatch to Th.e Call.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 25.— The heroism and
presence of mind of A. M. Vincent prob
ably saved the King's Daughters' Home
on Third street, between C and D
from destruction by a fire last night which
not only endangered the building but the
lives of its occupants.
Mrs. Vincent, president of the organiza
tion, had arranged for a Christmas ceie
bration for the benefit of the boarders.
A tree was set up In the back parlor, its
branches burdened with gifts tor tn«
young women. While the merriment was
at Its height, Vincent suddenly appeared
as Santa Claus. He wore a coat of white
cotton and a mask with the legendary
flowing beard of the children's patron
By' an unfortunate accident Vincent
brushed against tho tree, and Irt an in
stant the light fabric with which hla coat
wua covered had taken nre and nia bouy
was u. maea at tlrfmes. The fire eommum
ctttert to the tree und ita bmnehea wera
noon eraekUnar and biasing. The room was
fluun Illled with dense smoke, «nil Ua
lianic-atrleken inmut^. mindful unly of
their own safety, rushed fop the door
HtTeamlns hvnterlenlly and joatllnff one
another In their m«tl runh for safety.
Apparently unmindful of ihe fact that
the flro whs rm\MlnB the flesh on hla
hnnfli, nrrns nnd neck, Vincent flung the
mAPk from hln face nnti overturnetT the
bl(»8tng tree. It waa nil over In ft very
few momentB. Tht? fire wan extinguished
with a few pnlle of water and Vincent
wrappod hlnii*ntf In a blanket ftnd
tmf the fiamrs which had destroyed hU
costume and wcro Hearing -hi# fleah.
DEATH AJ?T£R FESTIVITY.
Nurso in a Now York Hospital B«
ccives Fatal Injuries.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— Miss Madeline
Bammons, a nurse in the Laura Franklin
Hospital for Crippled Children, was so
badly burned while playing Santa Claus
on Christmas eve at the hospital that sho
died to-day.
Miss Sammons dres3ed as Santa Claus
In a costume of light material. After all
the children had been seated and were
ready to receive presents Miss Sammons,
looking like a real Santa Claus, entered
the room. She had given presents to two
or three children, when as .quick as a
flash her costume was ablaze. The chil
dren were horror stricken. The nurses
did as much as they could to smother tho
flames, but the material was so light It
burned like tinder.
RAILWAY MAGNATES PLAH
A GIGANTIC ENTEBPBISE
Propose to Build a Trolley System to
Connect St. Louis "With
Hew York.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Dec. 25.— A re
port has been received here from New
York that Hugh J. McGowan, president
of the Indianapolis Street Railway Com
pany, is prominent among the men behind
plans that are now being made for a tr,ol
ley system to connect New York and St.
Louis. The scheme, it is reported, is even
broader in scope than that of the great
Everett-Moore syndicate, whose system is
being extended to connect the principal
cities on the Great Lakes.
Convicted of Cattle-Stealing.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 25.— The jury in
the United States Court in the case of
Robert E. Lee and Samuel Garvin.
charged with stealing- several hundred
head of cattle from the Indians in the
Crow reservation, returned a verdict late
this afternoon, finding both defendants
guilty.
iplpiiii v 9
41 It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
the world.
Established 17S9.
|JU|1 v rrl) #?^ • 1 ■
, Repairs broken glasses, j
Lenses duplicated for £o I
cents— if astigmatic j
$1.00 or $i.i?o.
■^642'Imarket St. J
World Famous Marian! Tonic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin
Mariani is on sale ; at ' drug stores
throughout the world. The public is
especially cautioned, against substitutes
and imitations attempted owing- to the
popularity of Van Mariani. - -"-.".' ■•'
AMTTSEMB^rrSw .
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
TO-DAY. SATIJRD AY/ SUNDAY AXD IJEW
; . YEAR'S- ■
ADMISSION 25o AND 50c.
FISCHER'S CO NCERT HOUSE.
. . ■:, Atimimslon lOc.
T^k n J - T T °PP ln S. Eleanora Jenkins, Otto
vJZ iS?' ¥}?*$ ?** Han - Coleman and
M « : 5, *-.»"J>«h Xella, the-Paloma QuarW?
and Hlnnchs' Orchestra. Raserved Seata 23c
Matinee fcunday and Christinas. '
AMTJSEMENTS. \
OUR XMAS OFFEIIINO.
TO-NIOHT— All This "Week,
MAT1XEE 8ATUUDAY AND SUNDAY.
Ercrybody"* Favortt» Play.
The Silver Klo^"
A Great Cast— A Suwptuows Production.
DD rrE5 Evenings \\- 10( \ r t<y srt<1
JtKltti Matinees If*. 15c. 23o
Next Week— "THE TWO SISTERS."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Thursday), Decji
Parquet, any seat, 23c; balcony. 10c; «V^-
dren, any part «xc«pt reaerved, 10c.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Mclntyra and Heath, Joe Welch,
Elizabeth Murray, W. C. Fields,
Union Oatling Guards, Macomber
and Engleton, tha Screnadeia and
Lea Agios.
*TI VOL1*
i:v«ni.nii at H HhHrp.
MATTNKJJ BATim»,VT ANI> NBW "A*" 1
PAY «t 8 Pharp.
"TUB UE8T HOU PAY SHOW EVER." '.
Ferris Jlsrtmttn'i Merry KutravBifanw,
Little Bed.
Riding Hood
IT HAS CItAttMKO TUB TOWN.
POfULAn t'ntCKS^SSc. 6Oo ond lit.
T9le;ihun« Buah 9.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND StIXDAT.
Tonight and Every Night This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In & Magnificent Scenic Production of
"CARMEN."
Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
Special Engagement of the Marvelous Dancers,
KOSE AND JEAN'NETTE.
I Incidental Music From Score of Opera.
POPULAR PRICES — lOc. 15c. 25c, 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— MIX NIB SELIGMAN in "A
LADY OF QUALITY."
Curtain. Ris«9 — Eveninsa. 8:30: Matinees, 2:13.
THI3 AND NEXT WEEK.
Matinee Saturday and New Tear's Day.
Mary lairoering
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Forrl
i and Edward E. Rose of the former's wideiy
j read romantic revolutionary story.
1 JANICE MEREDITHS
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
Matinee Pe?fopmanee' Thursday
Afternoon, daouary 2- Mary
! Manncring in "CamiHe,"
EVERY EVENING. THIS EVENING.
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION.
20th Edition and the Best Ever.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
This Year Everything New.
Mats. New -Year's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
Belasco ft Thall, llgrs. 4\ .jdk.
ALL. THIS WEEK. e^^vf EaS^
MATINEE SATURDAY VtisSf, tSS
AND SUNDAY. %|M3^
OUR HOLIDAY FUN. /^*S5S* l 5fe^
CHARLEYS &*lilp
"From Braall. Where tha A % ♦js'H
A Laugh a Minute for 2 \Kj^<'gjj5»P > k-
Prices— 15. 25, 33, 60. 73c. ' \^^ '^J
CHUTES and zoo
Great Vaadeville Bill !
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE
SPECIAffO-HIGHT!
THE AMATEURS'
CHRISTMAS PARTY.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. l
gll^s, RACING
Js^^*« Every Week Day—
T Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
, . . OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at- 2 :13 v- m. «han>.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12?S0. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:UO and 3 p. m., connecting
with UaUi» atopplnjr at the entrance to th»
track. • Last two cars on train reserved for
ladle» and their escorts; no smokins. Buy yonr
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via . AlamecU mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadwr.y, Oakland. - Tnese electrics
'cars «ro direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m. and lmm»a lately after the last rae-s.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3 JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side, of these magnificent
hotels ls the wholesale and manu-.^
facturers' district— on the other re-^r
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
. . American. and European plans.i|p| GARTERS
jfXf^KS&T LW.^ ft fi fry fijg %g$
Positively cured by these
Littlo Pills. ~ - \
Thry < also relieve distress' from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and.Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi- |
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste j
in the Mouth Coated Tongue. Pain in i
tha Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Rr>iilate the Bowels. Purely Vecetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
California
Limited.,. i
The greatest' train across the conti- ;
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it ths most popular with travelers. :
Frcm San Frfincisco. daily, 9 A. M. j
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
I
y I fjJRISTMAS] |
A WELCOME ARRIVAL
For Christmas is the dress shirt and the <
fine linen done up at the U. S. Laundry, j
"When we do the work it is always done \
right. We don't damage the goods, and
•we give them a perfect finish. We do the
best work on ladies' garments as well. '
We deliver the goods with a promptness |
our customers appreciate.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Cffice 10O4- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave. j
, __ ,
HgpilJIpP^ $5, I
The -Dr. fRfl: Alden Electric I
Belt" ("with suspensory) is i
feuaranteed <?•-'.• to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
v now EoJd by doctors and drug-gists. It gives
W a very strong current of electricity and is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
on!y XO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. . Cir- \
cular free. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Post Et.. San 'Francisco, or
1145 Broadway. New Tork.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
iGiUSEUH OF &HalQffl\
6 CjD lC51i£A2ZKSI.iei.6i*7tfc.S.r.Cal.4
*\ X3[ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
JSSt£?\ »sea<.c pomfcU».-!y*.tir«»d h-the oldest Y
Q F£2 gT J bpcc:al;ston the Coast. Est. 36 years. O
4 &¥r*h DH * "ROAN-DISEASES OF KEN ()
\ l(**Ef?5n Consultation free snd strictly private. \
m t l*t:£ li Treatment personally or by letter. KB
V n uf <& if J^ontive Cure in every case undertaken, T
IB) it/I Wr.te fw Bock. PElLOSOPUYof (J
V ' 0 I " SiBB!A6E, MAILED FREE, (AX
X n IL valuable book for nvn) \
V DB. JOBDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. Y
ROOFIN^SLATE.
fT« art prerared to furnish unexcelled black,
also rray. rooflas slate, manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. W« Invite com-
parison with any Eastern elate.
On application full Information will be fur-
nished intending builders.
r' EUREKA SLATE CO.
Hoom 15. Second Floor. M11U Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
BE* BALL'S EEINVIGQRATORgfgfgl
Steps all losses In C4 hours. Five
hundred reward for any case we u3 B2K
cannot cure. This secret remedy T^ IB
cures Emissions. lmpowncy, gg 35*
Varlcoccie. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Trp irTf
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- tM Xil
hood and all other wasting ef- 3pSg bS|S
feels of self-abuse or excesses. h**OX-22P
Kent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
4k. eure any case. Call or address orders
.-■RaLL'S MEDICAL, INSTITUTE. S55 Broad-
u-ay Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073»
Market et.. S. F. Send for free book. ..
Weefcly Gal $L0fl w Year
PASS CHRISTMAS
IN QUIET WAY
President and Family the
Guests of Commander
Cowles.
Public and Private Charities
Care for the Poor of
Several Citiea
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.-The President,
Mrs. Roosevelt and the children, Robert
Ferguson and another friend took Christ
mas luncheon with Commander and Mrs.
Cowles at the latter's residence on N
street.
The party remained at the house sev
eral hours and then the male members,
including two of the Roosevelt boys, and
joined ' by several other friends, among
whom was Secretary Root, went for a
horseback ride in the outskirts of the
city.
To-night therq was quite a gathering at
the family dinner, which included the
Presidential household. Commander and
Mrs. Cowles arid other guests. After
dinner the entire party adjourned to the
east room, where the evening was spent,
the guests being entertained with a med
ley of popular airs. ■
The dinner was followed by a musical
promenade and afterward, in honor of
Theodore Rooseveit Jr., the evening was
closed with a dance, in which about
twenty couples Unished Christmas night.
NEW, YOriK, L>ec. 25.— Public and pri
vate charity gave happiness to thousands
of persons in this city to-day, while in
the outlying districts, where tne wealthy
have their homes, the poor were better
cared for and made happier than ever
before.
The feature oit the day -was the or
ganized work of the Salvation Army. By
means of a fund raised by that organiza
tion 3000 persons sat down this evening to
a substantial dinner in Madison-scjuare
Garden, while 'earlier in the day 3400 bas- ;
kets, each containing a complete dinner, |
were distributed at the garden. These j
baskets are estimated to have contained
food for 20,000 persons.
At the Bowery Mission nearly 10,000 men
and boys were fed and entertained. Vari
ous other organizations supplied all the
applicants with clothing and toys for the
children.
"All the churches held special services,
with elaborate musical programmes, and
despite a chilly, drizzling rain the day is
believed to have been a record breaker in
the way of charitable work.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 25.— The Salvation
Army gave a Christmas dinner to 5000 peo
ple in this cit>vto-day. Two thousand
were served in. Central Armory and bas
kets of provisions were sent to the re
maining 3000. At the armory Colonel Sly
ron T. Herrick made a brief address on
the work of the#Saivation Army.
CANTON, Ohio, Dec. 25.— Mrs. McKin
ley spent Christmas day alone at her
home. She was urged to join the Barber
family at their Christmas dinner in the
old Saxton home, but declined to do so.
She did not wish to be so forcibly re
minded of the Christmas days of the past
as she would be by»such a dinner. •
Mrs. McKinley's condition is as good as
or better than it has been since the trag
edy. Relatives who see her most often
say that she shows gradual improvement.
She remembered many of her friends with
little Christmas presents to-day, and she
received flowers and presents from all
over the country.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 25.— The
Elks of Birmingham presented to the poor
people of this city a Christmas tree load
ed with gifts to-night, and 2000 children
took part in the festivities. Every poor
child or woman who went to the theater
where the celebration took place was
given a silver quarter as a present.
LITTIiE TOTS BLADE HAPPY.
Mr. and Mrs. de Young Distribute
Christmas Gifts in Paris.
PARIS, Dec. 25.— The weather to-day
was fine and the boulevards were throng
ed all day long by animated crowds of
promenaders, visiting the toy factories.
American children in Paris were bene
fited by the kindliness of Mr. and Mrs.
M. H. de Young of San Francisco, who
gave a fete this afternoon in their apart
ments at tbe. -Continental Hotel. An im
mense Christmas tree, laden with glitter
ing toys, had been erected in one of the
rooms. United States Embassador Porter
and Mrs. Porter and Consul General
Gowdy and Mrs. Gowdy were present at
the distribution of gifts and a "constant
stream of children left the hotel, carrying
armfuls of toys which Mr. and Mrs. de
Young had brought from America.
LONDON. Dec. 25.— Christmas in Lon
don was fairly fine. The King, with
the Princess Victoria, attended service in
the morning at the Chapel Royal in St.
James palace and later dined quietly with
the Duke and Duchess of Connaught at
Clarence House.
The Queen sent an enormous quantity
of toys, with autograph cards, to the
children's hospitals in London, and the
royal family made generous gifts to other
hospitals.
King Edward sent contributions to the
dinners of all of the household troops.
BERLIN, Dee. 25.— Emperor William,
while walking in the environs of Potsdam
yesterday, tosses several three and four
mark pieces to poor looking persons whom
he passed. The Emperor's Christmas
bounty is never limited, but this year he
has doubled his usual subscriptions to
charitable funds.
ROME, Dec. 25.— The Pope celebrated
midnight mass at the Vatican last night
and assisted at two other masses. The
health of his Holiness has improved and
he will resume diplomatic audiences to
morrow. , •
Fire Destroys Warehouses.
MEXICO CITT, Dec. 25.— Word reaches
here from Merida, Yucatan, that a great
fire has been raging at Progreso, start
ing in the warehouse of Eshanova Broth
ers and spreading to the warehouses of
Gabriel Escalante and the consignment
department of the -Merida Railway. Some
10,000 bales of henequin were exposed to
the flames and it is believed that much of
it has been destroyed. The loss is esti
mated at $1,000,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" CEttBRATEO ' '
On the first indication that your stom-
ach is out of order, you should try the
Bitters. It will strengthen your digestive
organs and cure
Sick Headache, Flatulency, Indi-
gestion and Dyspepsia-
Obtain a copy of Hostetter's Almanat)
from your druggist, free.
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalinej Water
22O BUOADWAI, N. X.
THE % SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -DECEMBER 26, 1901.
WALTER MOROSCO DIES SUDDENLY
AT HIS UPPER FRUITVALE HOME
Former 'San Francisco Theatrical - Manager
Passes Away, Supposedly From Heart
Disease—- Absent Sons Hastily Summoned
DEATH came suddenly last night
to "Walter Morosco, the . noted
theatrical man. while • he was
sleeping at his residence, Ger
anium 'place, in Upper Fruitvale.
Mr. Morosco had gone to his room to
rest after enjoying the holiday with his
brothers, Edwin A. Bishop and Henry
Bishop of Chicago, and his nephews, Ed
win J. Bishop and Willard Parry.
Mr. Parry was sitting in an adjoining
room and heard his uncle breathing heav
ily. The young, man went to the bedroom
at S o'clock and noticed that Mr. Morosco
was apparently not breathing. Closer
examination revealed the fact that death
had made its claim. Dr. E. S. Depuy,
who had been attending Mr. Morosco for
a recent slight illness, was called. The
doctor could only say that death had pre
ceded him. ",.
Mr Morosco had been feeling indis
posed for several days, but he was not
so seribuslv ill as to occasion any. alarm.
His sudden death was a severe shock to
those that had been enjoying his hospi
tality. Plans had been made for a gala
time at his home during the Christmas
holidays. .
So far as is now known death came
from heart disease.
Sons Summoned Home.
Mr. Morosco's sons were all away at the
time of his death, Harry Morosco was
FAMILY CAUGHT
IN BURNING HOME
V
Husband and Wife Jump
From Window to Save
Their Lives. , .
PHILADELPHIA; Dec. 25.— One child
was burned • to death, its parents were
seriously injured and two other young
children were slightly hurt as a result
of a fire at the home of James F. Con
nolly, 3976 Wyalusing avenue, at midnight
to-night. Shortly after the family had re
tired lire was discovered on the first floor
of the house. The flames had gained con
siderable headway and escape by ! the
stairs was cut off. Connolly threw his
two-year-old son and two-months-old
baby out of a second-story window into
the arms of neighbors and the little ones
escaped with slight injuries.
The parents then jumped and were both
badly hurt by striking on their heads on
the stone sidewalk. In the excitement the
four-year-old daughter, Mary, was for
gotten. When the parents realized that
she had not escaped a frantic effort was
made by the firemen to save her. The
house by this time was badly damaged
and after the flames had* been extin
guished the little charred body was found
in a second-story rear room.* It is not
yet known whether the parents will re
cover from their injuries.
Trouble Over Mining' Claims.
' GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec 25.— United
States Indian Agent Randlett of the
Kiowa and Comanche tribes is sending
out notice to all persons who have staked
mining claims in Indian allotments that
they must vacate at once or they will be
ejected by Fort Sill troops. The action is
based upon the opinion of the Attorney
General, approved by Secretary Hitch
cock and sent to the agent under recent
date, prohibiting miners from filing on
Indian allotments.
Accidentally Kifted by His Brother.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Dec. 25.— Charles
Robb, an 11-year-old boy, was shot and
instantly killed late this evening near this
city. With his elder brother he .was on
a hunting trip. The gun waa carried
over the shoulder of the older boy and
was accidentally discharged, the bullet
striking the younger boy in the heart.-
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 25.— District Passen
ger Agrent Frank D. Gllesleeve of the Balti
more and' Ohio Southwestern has been ap
pointed assistant general passenger agent, with
headquarters in St. Louis. The appointment
is effective January 1. . . -. -
WELL KNOWN -THEATRICAL MAN
• WHO DIED SUDDENLY YESTER
DAY IN HIS FRUITVALE HOME.
summoned quickly from San Francisco.
Dispatches calling Leslie -Morosco home
from Seattle and Oliver Morosco from Los
Angeles were sent at once.
Mr. Morosco's long and profitable con
nection with San Francisco theatricals
gave him prominence throughout the
United States. He was born about fifty
five years ago at Gullford, Connecticut,
his family name being Bishop. As a young
man he joined a troupe of acrobats, styled
/'the Morosco brothers," and for .years the
circuses of the country had the team on
their bills. Mr. Morosco abandoned the ,
circus and embarked in the theatrical
business. His first move was a remarka
ble one in the history of San Francisco
theatricals. He opened a playhouse in old
Union Hall, then on, Ho ward ;, street,
tween Third and Fourth. It was south of
Market street and t*»e old-time". theater,
owners looked with amazement upon the
move. But it was af big success, and led
to the subsequent leasing by Mr. Moros
co of the Grand Opera-house, where he
continued his successes along popular
price lines. For many years Mr. Moros
co, with his son Harry, was at the head
of the Grand Opera-house.
His Benefactions Many.
Several months ago, desiring to retire
from active service, Mr. Morosco disposed
of his theatrical holdings to- a corporation
with which his son Harry is connected.
Since his retirement Mr. Morosco had
been residing at his country home, which
is one of the beautiful places of Oakland
and its suburbs. There the retired man
ager e-njoyed comfort and rest. Among
his pleasures was driving. He was pas
sionately fond of horses, and drove often
a fine team of eight black horses to a
tally-ho. His famous collection of Shet
land ponies was »a great attraction. Of
large liberality',. sMr. Morosco's benefac
tions were' many: He took particular de
light in assisting "the work of the asso
ciated kindergartens of Oakland.
There will be nothing done about funeral
arrangements until the absent sons have
arrived...
The relatives are prostrated over the
sudden shock, for the death was most un
expected. Mr. Parry said last night:
"We are simply overwhelmed, for noth
ing was further from our thoughts in this
holiday time than the possibility of the
sudden taking off of my uncle."
yjtff^Mfclv made to
/w Si I iifip I '^'t i MiSH 31 We make suits to ° rder
$) ((Hi ivl iril'P I I rN^iMlII'Vi f$ for as low as xt is safe for
V liWM'li W-M ' '^l%\^iW\^ ] M customers to buy, .up to as
VI I ■}{■ ff Uni I 111 ' ibl'MvI |lli]f$\ I |f much as most men care, to
III! lolillli !^i)))*fi l| iiP'w!^l ( r pay " In this range of *P rices
II / il WWmmmlV§\ \ \Ww from $I ° \° $3 ° is re 'pr e s ent -
' ryJI I i/I IB'Ill! I Ilfllifllr ed evervt " in S in materials
I'Jw If 11 H if ' II Bv ■ and patterns ! hat - a>re either ■
IIS IH1 ft lilt department. To-day we are
I' lill I la li I If Iff making more suits to order
I lliliy If llP 111 II if than ever in the history oi our storc -
llrllllllllli i! ill) Mill s counts f° r something — it's all
I lUlllwy i W mm due to t ' ie va^ ues we S' ve -
Hi iiillmf I 111 Ml e * : our sam Pl es a °d compare
B ■Pi'irf il iilnlli them; then give your order with this
I Snllllill " ill il lilff assurance the suit will satisfy in
I ttslw 11 1 1 mil/ every respect or you get your money
I' 1 fllfa f It Hill Sui's sat is/act :ri.'v maJe for out'
iflflJii \ lira cf-town customers thnu^h (our stlf
' fm|j|||jr 'illlilH'' measuring sys. em — tcnte for samples.
wOfflm llinlSl Cop- Powell and Eddy
COURT AWARDS
HAWAII LAND
Property in the Pearl
Harbor Locality Con- .
demned. ■
United States Is Successful
in First of the Law
suits.
1 HONOLULU, Dec. 18 (via" Victoria, B.
C, Dec. 25.)— The first of the suits brought
by the United States to condemn lands
needed for the naval . station at Pearl
Harbor was decided last week by a jury
in the United States District Court,
which awarded the land to the Govern
ment at a price far below the demands of
the owners..
The case was that of the United States
against the estate of Bernice Pauahi
Bishop, Involving over 600 acres of land
at* the site of the proposed station. The
Bishop estate, in its answer to the suit of
condemnation,' demanded about $600 per
acre for the land, while the Government's
price, was about ?30. The jury brought In
a verdict awarding the. defendants about
$75 per acre. The verdict is taken to indi
cate that tne Government will get land
wanted for a naval station for a small
sum.:' .
A special election held In the Hllo dis
trict last Week to choose a successor to
the late J. E. Waliko, member of. the
House- of Representatives, resulted in the
,. (-lection of James Lewis, who was the de
feated Republican candidate at the for
mer election. The campaign -was a quiet
one. " • :
President Roosevelt's message is com
mented here as averse to tne sugar in
terests of Hawaii. The declaration
against allowing more Chinese to come
here was a.' disappointment to the plan
ters.*: The prospect of reciprocity with
Cuba and the possibility of tree admission
of sugar from that island and the Philip
pines, as well as Porto Rico, are also dis
appointing to Hawaii. In spite of these
inferences, however, the sugar stocks
remain firm.
Attorney General Dole will leave for
Washington in the near future to present
to the. United States Supreme Court the
appeal of the Territory in a case involv
ing'the question of the legality of trials
without Grand Jury indictments under
the Hawaiian law allowing jury verdicts
by nine jurors after an examination.
Two other suits brought by the Gov
ernment have been compromised, the
United States getting the lands without
cost. ' The John II estate agreed to and
has deeded to the Government a strip of
land amounting to twenty-three acres on
Ford- Island, and the suit against the 1 li
estate for the whole of the island has
been withdrawn, as it is held to be un
necessary to take It all. The Oahu Sugar
Company also, surrendered its leasehold
interest in the same land. The suit
against the Oahu Railway . and Land
Company for the lands covered by its
right of way has been settled. The com
pany deeds the land to the Government
with the understanding that its tracks
shall not be disturbed until a new right
of way is provided.
The most important condemnation suit
now pending is against the Honolulu
Plantation Company to secure the com
pany's leasehold interest in the lands of
the Bishop estate already condemned. A
suit against the Dowsett estate for 4SS
acres of this same land is also pending.
GENERAL GOMEZ FARES
POORLY IN POLITICS
He Is Met With Charges of Treachery
and Stones Are Thrown
at Him.
HAVANA. Dec. 25.— According to tele
grams printed in Senor Estrada Palma's
organs. General Gomez is faring badly in
his-', political matters. In' the
: Principe province his meetings have been
• broken up and he has been greeted with
shouts of "Traitor" and stones have been
thrown at him. General Gomez is mount
ed, on the same horse he used during the
war and is accompanied by a band and a
number of veterans. The Maso' feeling is
running strong in Puerto Principe.
The Nacion says Gomez Is paid by the
Government to stump the country. He is
met with that accusation on every hand.
Maso's followers have withdrawn every
one of their candidates and the feeling
at some points is bitter.
*- 4-
THE VERY I/ATEST COL-
OR PROCESS. Eight Pages
in Beautiful Colors that are '
pleasing to the eye.
! " _i
Death of Waitress Arouses Suspicion.
DENVER, Dec. 25.— The body of Flora
McDonald, a waitress, 26 years of age,
was found this morning in the City Park
Lake. There were marks on her throat
which: indicate that she was murdered.
The police, however, have concluded that
Miss McDonald committed suicide, as
there were no evidence^u* support the
theory of murder beyond- the. few marks
on the face and neck. .
. ... v ;.^V~ ADVEBTIBEMENTS. '•..'__'_ 1 ._'
STOP THAT COUGH!
Pe=ru-na is a Cough Medicine That
Always Cures Permanently.
(A SOCIETY WOMAN'S EXPERIENCE.)
Miss Jennie May Borders/a young so dety woman of Memphis, Tenn., writel
from 744 Walnut street, as follows:
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus , Ohio:
Gentlemen — "A few months ago, after getting my feet wet, I con-
tracted a heavy cold, which soon started me to coughing badly. My throat
was vary raw and sore, my head ached and I felt very miserable.
"I tried a number of well-known remedies, but nothing gave ma relief
unfit reading in the paper of Peruna. I bought a bottle. It gave me blessed
relief as soon as I began to take it. Th3 soraness of my throat and lungs
was soon relieved, and I noted that it acted as a strengthening tonic."
JENNIE MAY BORDERS.
Mrs Colonel E. J. Greshain, Treasurer to check the secretions is as foolish as
Daughters of the Confederacy, President it Is harmful. The true cough medicine is
the Herndon Village Improvement Society, the one that cures the congested mem-
writes from Herndon, Va. : branes and thus stops the discharge when
..... ... , the cough ceases of its own accord.
"/ cannot speak tco high!/ of the value The cough medicine that has been found
of Peruna. I believe that I owe my life to always cause and
Us wonderful merits. I suffered with It contains no opium nor narcotic of any
«/«..tA *./ Ihc hanii nnrl tnnne in Ho u/nr<t md and * 3 a SUre CUre ioT WndS Of
catarrh of the head and lungs in its worst cough PeruTia operates directly to heal
form until the doctor fairl/ cave me up and the congested or inflamed mucous mem-
, , . . , ..„*«•,,_ „,-// „„„,•„ brane of the air passages and lungs.
I despaired of ever gst!m3 well again. A table aT,oonful before each meal and
"/ noticed your advertisements end the at bedtime will cure a winter cough per-
,,..... . , . . ■ _ , . manently and quickly. Two ounces of
splendid testimonials given by people who rock candy added to one bottle of Peruna
had been cured by Peruna. and determined and taken ai above is the best treatment
,. *"■« l ,+, i * i* l * /•*«/- kl-ul.2 *...« ln existence for a common cough, the
to try a boitle. I felt but little better, but COU gh of consumption and chronic bron-
useda second, and then a third, and kept chitis. according to the testimony of the
.... . thousands of patients scattered all over
on improving slowly, i the length and breadth of the United
"It took six bottles to cure me, but they States. ... ■ .
, , . , . , . ,, If you do not derive prompt and satis-
were worth a king s ransom to me. I talk factory results from the use of Peruna
Peruna io all my friends and am a: true be- ffi&^t o°f ? O r ur H c £ Se ma a n nd ffl he n wil1
liever io its worth. ' be pleased to give you his valuable advice
• MRS. COL. E. J. GRESHAM. Tess Dr . artman . Presldent of The
To stop a cough in any other way than Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
STEAMER BURNS
TO WATER'S EDGE
Four Passengers. Perish
in Staterooms Before
Aid Arrives.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Dec. 25.— The steam
er Sun, employed in the Memphis and Ful
ton trade, burned to the water's edge at
an early hour this morning and four lives
were lost. The" dead: . .f.-
D. N. RA1NOR, Old River, Arje. _
MRS. D. N. RAINOR, Old River, Ark.
MRS. G. M. TIMBS, Richardson Land
ing, Tenn. • • - .
Child of Mrs. G. M. Timbs. . •
The fire was discovered at 4:10 a. m. as
the steamer lay at her wharf here, and
spread with such rapidity that the craft
was a mass of flames when the depart
ment responded to the alarm. 'When the
Sun arrived in port last night from Ful
ton most of the passengers went ashore,
but ten or' a dozen of,. them decided to
spend the night on the boat. Among these
were Mr. ana Mrs. Timbs and baby, Mrs.
Timbs* sister, Miss Josie Hammers, and
Mr. and Mrs. D. N. Rainor. . Miss Ham
mers was sleeping with her sister and the
baby in a stateroom, and when she was
awakened by the smoke she aroused her
sister and started toward an exit. Mrs.
Timbs, however, went back for the baby,
and before she could return the hurricane
deck gave way and escape was cut off.
Miss Hammers got out without injury.
Timbs was in another stateroom, and un
til the collapse of the roof came tried by
every means to reach his wife. Mr. and
Mrs. Rainor had a stateroom, and al
though it was thought that all the pas
sengers on the boat had been saved noth
ing was heard from them until their
charred remains were discovered. "When
! the first body wasftaken out Timbs iden
tified it as his wifcjby a ring worn on her
finger. The body- was horribly burned.
The body of the baby has not been found.
The steamer Sun was the property of
George W. Phillips, who was her captain,
and John- Breiner, who acted as clerk.
The loss to steamer and cargo probably
will reach $20,000. partially Insured.
rORGEBS OF RAH/ROAD.
ARE BECOMING NERVOUS
Fraudulent Stamp Used to Validate
Return Portion of Tickets^Is -Vol
a ' untarily Surrendered. '
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 25.— A fraud
ulent stamp, similar to that used at the
union station ticket office for the purpose
of validating the return portions of rail
way tickets," has been voluntarily surren
dered tp George H. Foote, secretary of
the Kansas City Passenger Association.
The stamp was presented to Foote t by a
local attorney, who said it was turned
over to hinvby a client in this city, who
begged that) with its surrender the Inves
tigation of recent wholesale frauds in
railway tickets started by H. C. Town
send of St. Louis, general passenger
agent of the Missouri Pacific Railway,
and Foote be dropped.
The name of the owner of. the stamp
was not made public' Foote says the in
vestigation • will be • continued and inti
mates that arrests will follow.
RIOTERS KEEP
OFFICERS BUSY
Serious Clash Bet^ween
Negroes and Whites
of Harlem.
'NEW YORK, Dep. 25.— A race skirmish
between whites and blacks In Harlem to
day . developed serious proportions and
kept the police busy for a time. The ne
groes, 100 strong, were armed with revolv
ers and clubs, while equally as many
whites used stones and other weapons.
The negroes had the advantage, but were
driven back into their tenements by the
police after they had charged on the
whites with pistols and razors. Fifteen
negroes were arrested. Four whites, in
cluding a policeman, were badly shot or
cut. . .
The rioting began when some white
boys stoned two colored girls, whereupon
a dozen negroes, seized the white boys and
beat them. The boys, when released, told
their story to white men in the vicinity
and an organized attack was made on the
negroes, who were driven back to their
tenements under a shower of stones. The
confusion increased when the white men
began to bombard the tenements with
stones and other missiles and the negroes
fired from their windows into the crowd.
The whites, surprised by the shooting and
seeing men fall wounded, turned and ran.
followed by the negroes, who used knives
and clubs freely.
At this point a squad of policemen ar
rived on the scene and with drawn clubs
stopped the rioting, chasing the negroes
into their houses.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured of Plies
Where Ifplfa Failed.
Amos Crocker , of Worcester writes:
"After going through a frightful surgical
operation and after, trying any number of
salves and ointments, one 50c box of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure gave speedy relief and It
quickly cured me." All druggists sell It.
Little Book, "Piles. Causes and Cnre,"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall.
.Mich. . ■ v
34
WORSHIPERS GATHER IN ALL CHURCHES AND JOIN
IN CELEBRATION OF THE NATIVITY OF CHRIST
Chrismas Sermons and Beautiful Music Are
Greatly Enjoyed by Congregations That
Overflow the Various Houses of Worship
DEVOUT worshipers filled
those churches that celebrat
ed the Day of Nativity yes
terday. In every Catholic
house of worship congrega
tions assembled at the var
ious masses and listened to
the beautiful hymns and an
thems that were rendered.
The Christmas music never was more
splendidly sung than this year. The
choirs, augmented for the occasion and
aided by orchestras, sang carols and the
melodies that have been sung from time
In the churches of evangelical denomi
nation services were not held on Christ
mas day. The custom of holding the ser
vices on the Sunday preceding Christmas
was carried out. The Catholic. Episcopal
and Lutheran churches were the only de
nominations that celebrated the Day of
Nativity on the prescribed day.
A feature at the services at o!d St.
Mary? Cathedral was the violin solo ren
dered by Mayor-elect Schmitz. The se
lection was a sacred one and was played
at the offertory.
CHILDEEN SING ANTHEMS.
Interesting Feature of First English
Lutheran Church Services.
A feature of the morning services at
the First English Lutheran Church was
tbe singing of the girls' vested choir of
fnrty voices. The children did justice to
the beautiful melodies they rendered. The
interior of the church was appropriately
decorated. The Rev. E. Nelandcr, pas
tor of the church, delivered a sermon on
"Christmas as a force fcr the Diffusion
of Happiness." His text was Matthew
•xxv:21: "Enter thou, into the joy of thy
Lord." In part he said:
U>n Christmas angels begin to »-ing. it Is
hard to ke«'p the chapters and verses of mv
Bible in order. Tliey rise up from where
ihey belong, in Genesis or Revelation, or any
where betw*>en. and crowd together to claim
a place in the treat, glad fong. The words
of the text belong to the mufic of the home
going, but somehow they broke away from
their eetting in tlie parable and got into my
Chiigtmas music
Christmastime falls like the touch cf an an
gel's hand in softening influence upon the coM
e« h-:art. For one day all weapons are
»h<?athP(5. All ►igns of battle have died out
in the market -pi ac. Even miserly men will
be generous on Christmas day. Wonderful in-
Aeri\ if our poor old *>arth th»se Christmas
dsjF. T>«% Christmas plow lips like a band of
jroli" across- the- brow of tli° old Vjpar. Ponn
«im«- in imaginative hours we think of the
recording angel standing at one Fide and not
ing the s=igh»« and pourrlf! of mir busy city.
Mftffllnt en other <Ja.vf ol' the year, perchance,
Tr-» sr,t<; would h»ar sobs, groan:*, curses,
blcws and thf Founds of strife. Oft stopping
his tar?, the heavenly visitor would ftv fro:n
ih» fi-r-n» se from some battlefield. But th-i
Oir'.ftmas Fpirit liath now transformed our
earth, aid an angel drawing near our <*arth
Uat pv<nii:g would have seen our city ablaze
■aith light, vocal with th<? gla<i shouts of chil
dren an<\ radiant with tbe spirit of pood will.
Thf cradle of Christ represents the only uni
fying force- thst has so far appeared in the
w erl<5. When one race finds a hero, that very
fact makes him hated by other nations. In
February wp -revere our Washington, but Eng
land has no place for his birthday. If once
each yar France exalts Xapolfon, Paris docs
not cflebrate the natal day of Kaiser William
the First. Italy enthrones Garibaldi, but does
let know that RufFia honoris- the birthday of
the Czar. But at last there «»ntp/s one who
breaks oonn all bcrrk-rs and unites all hostile
rations in a day of peace and good will to
mm.
Thi* chill wrapiwd In twaddling clothes is
the very God that fat upon the circle of the
«niv*>nt* anfl f«il»<? into Iving the things that
■were not. Tliis llttlo hand, pink and dimpled,
lying "n its mother's breast, is the very etmc
that spun new-created worlds into space, that
to'.}* the rattling thunder through the f=klrs.
The mother soothes him with a lullaby,
"Sleep, my baby. pippp." Tho lips that smile
fcack are destined to epealc the word whereat
the tlirones of all the ("aefarf shall fall Into
irr<?m«1iabl<» ruin and Kive way to a kingdom
of truth and righteousness upon the «?arlh.
Since that flirt Chrirtmas eve J0O0 Christmas
mornings full of jcy have come and gone Ver
ily, during that time this child has lifted the
gratr* of the empire* off th^ir hinges. For the
ridings cf that is joyous to-day are the tidings
of that holy night. The noblest of all long
ings is at last to fee him who entered the
<>srth at Bethlehem and sprang back to God
irom Clivet.
SERMON ON THE NATIVITY.
Rev. Father Caraher Preaches on the
Birth of Christ.
"Behold, I bring you tidings of great
j6y that shall be to all the people, for this
day is born to you a Savior, which is
Christ the Lord, in the city of David,"
Luke chapter 2. verses 10-11, was the text
which Rev. Father Caraheis pastor of St.
Francis Church, selected ' for his Christ
man sermon. Father Caraher described
•the humble circumstances which sur
rounded the birth of the S3vior of man.
He ppoke in part as follows:
About a mile and a. half to the fast of
Bfthel<»m is the grotto of the chepberd. It is
Fltuatetl !n the field of Hoax, -whrre . Ruth
gleaned the ears of corn that had escaped the
hands of the reapem Here it was>, over this
frrotto, that the angels hovered on Christmas
nlrht. Klnginir the word* <>f my text to the
wondering fshepherds. It i* believed that, the
frood ne*'« ft the Savior's birth was borne to
the nhepherdu by the angel Gabriel, who an
nrAinced the mystery of the Incarnation to the
Virgin In Xazareth. The evangelist tells us
that th». shepherds went to Bethlehem, where
they found Mary and Joseph, and the Infant
lilts In tbe oiaiiger. Let us to-day journey in
spirit to Bethlehem. We will enter the grotto
of the Nativity, and after grazing upon the
civine infant turn to the lesson that he wishes
to teach.
Unless God himself, or an angel from heaven,
had declared it. we could not believe that this
helpless, shivering infant, whom we find within
the walls of a cheerless, desolate stable, was
the Savior pointed out by the prophecies, the
redeemer of the world. Who would be con
vinced by the sole aid of reason that the ten
der, innocent babe, who " is lying there, sur
rounded* by cattle and other domestic animals,
is the Ions-expected Messiah, the savior of
fallen man?
Is not God wonderful in all his works? Do
not the heavens, earth and every .production of
his hands show forth his glory, his power and
his wisclom? Undoubtedly the wisdom and
power • of God are manifest in every depart
ment and detail of creation, but where is he
more powerful and' glorious than In the na-.
tivity of his son? That son. had he so or-,
dained. could have had a queen'for "his mother
and a king- for his father, instead of the-hum
ble Mary and the lowly Joseph. He could have
been born in a ' palace instead of a cheerless,
desolate cave. He could have been clothed ir.
purple and fine linen instead of living the life
of the poor while he was incarnate. He could
have been surrounded by royal attendants at
his birth instead of by asses and by oxen. But
ihese things he would not do. for it was his
aim and purpose to come into this world lo
fulfill his mission, that of saving fallen mar..
The end and aim of the Incarnation anfl of the
birth of the Son of God was our salvation,
which was wrought chiefly on . Calvary. but
which may be said to have its beginning at
Bethlehem.
Rev. Father Charles McMann acted as
celebrant. Rev. Father T. Caraher as dea
con and Rev. Father E. McGough as sub
deacon. The altar of the church was
decorated with festoons of evergreens and
Christmas berries. An elaborate musical
programme, composed of selections be
fitting the Joyous nature of the occasion,
was rendered at both the late and early
mass. At the 5 o'clock mass Miss Marie
Ryan directed the choir. Miss Daisy Mer
rill and Margaret Stevenot, who sang
solos, acquitted themselves in the most
commendable manner.
The musie- at the late mass was under
the direction of Mrs. A. B. Collins, organ
ist. The programme and the singers were
as follows:
Kyrie (Mozart's Twelfth Mass): Gloria and
Credo, Weber, in «E flat; offertory. Adeste Fi
rlelis (NovelloK Sanctus (Mozart's Twelfth
Mass). Agnus= Dei (Haydn's Second Mass).
Solcists: Mrs. B. F. Sides, Miss Llllin
Vlautin. MIfs Florence Schage, A. F. Wood
bridge. CV Schmitz.
Members of choir: Mrs=. .1. Mahoney. Miss
Ina Coltins. Miss M, Dowling. Miss M. McGIv
n«>y. Mips C.t Paulissen, Miss Herold. Miss
Thell. Mlra . t.. Vlautin, Mrs. P. J. Enright,
Mrs. Klnsejt.;.
SERVICES AT ST. IGNATIUS.
Flowers and Christmas Berries Ar
tistically Arranged on Altar.
Appropriate Christmas services were
held yesterday morning in St. Ignatius
Church. At the late mass the vast edi
fice was crowded from chancel rail to the
outer door. The main altar was most
beautifully decorated with flowers. Christ
mas berries and verdant foliage. Myriads
of candles shedding their gentle light in
the midst of the green decorations pre
sented a scene very appropriate to the
celebration of bo joyous a festival. A very
elaborate and delightful musical" pro
gramme was rendered.
The first mass was celebrated at 5
o'clock in the morning. *Very Rev. J. P.
Freiden acted as celebrant. Rev. P. G.
Butler as deacon, A. O. Villa as sub-dea
con and Rev. W. Culligan as master of
ceremonies.
At the solemn high mass, which was
celebrated at 10:30 o'clock. Rpv. Father
Edward Allen officiated. Rev. R. Arnalot
acted as deacon and W. J. Hogan as sub
deacon, while Rev. Father Culligan was
again master of ceremonies.
Rev. M. J. Boarman delivered an im
pressive sermon. He took for his text
"For to-day is born to you a Savior— glory
be to God In the highest, on earth peace
to men of good will.'/ lie spoke in part
as follows: ' I
In the paean world thl. Ignorance was ap
palling. The world knewinot of justice, Jaw
or holines?. Talk not of Athens or Rome, th»
statues still stood dedicated to the Unknown
God and the Unknown God meant an unknown
morality and an unknown higher civilization.
But with the birth of the Savior a new era
arose. His doctrines and precepts will reno
vate the world, and behold as the r.ngel loikel
he saw the world growing brigl:v;r an-1 liaii
pier. True knowledge of man, of his nature
and of his 'destinies, and a true ktiow!»u'{& nf
God and his attribute* had been t|»roil io the
remotest ends of the earth.
Man was -free, again in thei freedom of the
children of God With Ein blorr^d mil in tlie
blood of tbe Savior ;-.nd with tho roar ->f GtU
to assist him man can lead a life «ii jmokness
cnastlty and disinterested:>ess.
The musical programme follows:
"Kyrle," "Gloria" (General! • and Merca
dante); "Crede." "Sanctus," "Agnus Del"
(Gounod); "Motet." "Pastores" (Melvel)
"Motet." "Adeste Fldelis." .
At the 10:30 o'clock mass: "Mass" (Alary)
"Motet." "Adeste Fldelis." .
Evening — At 7:30 o'clock the music was
"Psalma" iGregorlan): "Magnificat"' (Cagll
fro); anthem. "Nazereth" (Gounod): motet
"Christus Natus" «Melvel); "Tatum Ergo"
(Catalinl); "Motet," "Adeste Fldrtls."'
Dr. M. O'Connell rendered organ silos
from the works of Bach. Handel, Glgout, Best
Mailing. Ix>ret, Callahert. Grlson and Caesar
Frank. Father A. Cotelli, S. J., directed the
choir.
MUSIC AT GRACE CHURCH.
The music at Grace Episcopal Church
yesterday morning w-^s of»the usual high
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2(5, itfOl.
order. It was under the direction of Wil
liam H. Holt.
Rev. R. C. Foute, rector of the church,
preached a sermon appropriate to' ' the
day. The musical programme rendered
was as follows:^
Organ prelude. "Pastorale" (Merkel); proces
sional, "Harki tho HeralW Angels Sing" (Men
delssohn): venite to Gregorian tone, after
l\salter. "Gloria in Excelsis Deo," "Messe de
Orpheonistes" (Gounod): "Te Deum" and
"Jubilate" (Buck); festival service in B; offer
tory, "The Heavens Are Telling," from "Cre
ation" (Haydn); anthem. "While All Things
AVere In Quiet Silence" (Harris): introlt. Afles
te Fidelis. Sanctus (Taylor) in C: Gloria, plain
song: recessional, "Angels From the Realms
of Glory." . • .
FIRESIDE CHRISTMAS
SPENT BY SOCIETY
Functions Are Given at But Two of
the Fashionable Homes
of City.
Society took a day off to~ untie little
ribbons and open dainty parcels yester
day. The "ohs" that followed a sight of
the gifts crowded out all ideas, of want
ing to be anyhere except at "home, sweet
home." The afforded by these
gifts of the yuletide is not surprising, for
the shops never offered a -more: dazzling
array of the "just what I have always
wanted" sort of presents, and the people
never began earlier in tho season to buy
them. AVhcn December arrived many of
the prettiest articles had been picked up
by the early birds, and those who pro
cured thelr'*Christmas cards in' Novem
ber were able to 'select artistic designs,
which could scarcely' be aald later on.
Everybody had planned a happy fireside
Christmas and little attempt was made
at entertaining- this year. With the ex
ception of Mrs. and Miss iMcClung and
"Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, who received a
few friends, the day was a quiet one as
regards functions.
• . * *
Miss Elllnwood'a tea at her home, Pa
cific, and Devisadero streets, was a most
informal affair. A large number of
friends dropped in between -4 and 6
CONGREGATIONS CROWD PLACES OF WORSHIP
AND HEAR GRAND MUSIC AND ABLE DISCOURSES
THE attendances in the churches yesterday were very large. The interiors of the various edifices were prettily
decorated in holly and Christmas berries. The sermons were appropriate to the nativity. In the Catholic churches
masses were celebrated every hour from daybreak until the noon hour. Augmented choirs rendered special music
and orchestras 'added to the effect. Bishop Nichols delivered a Christmas sermon to the Sunday-school children of
the Cathedral" Mission. The weather was' ideal. ':: .^ .. .. :
o'clock, but these guests were invited by
word of mouth. MissElllnwood issued :io
regular invitations- whatever.
The Elllnwood home was decorated In
an artistic manner with red berries and
Christmas foliage. - • .
Among the young ladies who assisted
Miss,- Ellinwood were Miss. Leontino
Blakeman. Miss Katherine Herrin, Miss
Grace Spreckels. Miss Lillian Spreckels
and Miss Kate Dillon. .
SALISBURY. N...C. Dec. 25.— Ray and Mil
ton, sons of John Rufty. , an employe of. the
Southern Railway, were ground to pieces by a
passenger tralp early to-day. Zeb Trexley,
who witnessed' the accident* attempted to save
thw children and was str—uaUr in^jjeA,
GIRL CHORISTERS AND WOR
SHIPERS LEAVING SACRED
EDIFICES. -U . i
Bishop W.F. Nichols
Addresses Members
of Sunday Schools
RIGHT REV. WILLIAM FORD
NICHOLS. Bishop of. Cali
fornia, preached .the . Christ
mas sermon -at the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samari
tan yesterday morning.; He
. suited his sermon to the
minds of the Sunday school
children, who attended the
ser%'ices in a body. At the outset of his
sermon he said his remarks would be
very short, as. he believed a Christmas
sermon should be brief.
In a general way Bishop Nichols
brought out • the fact that there was a
great deal of fiction. in regard to Christ
mas and Santa Claus. He imprinted on
tne minds of his- young listeners that it
was the birth" of Christ that was being
celebrated. He told them of the Savior
and pointed out that he : was an actual
man. He said Santa Claus was a myth
and his., coming at this season of the year
was simply told to • children in order to
Impress upon them that an unknown and
not the 'parents .brought : presents for. the
children. The speaker told of Christ, nis
lowly birth, the good he did In the world
and of his death. '
•a he church was very- prettily decorated
in .holly and Christmas berries. The f ol- ■
lowing music was rendered: *..'.-. .
xvafffrvm.l-hj.-mn. ■"O Come All Ye FaHh-
&&M ".^fste Fidelia"; "Kyrle": "Gloria
Tlbl : Mcene Creed (Woodward): sermon
hymn. "Hark, the Herald Angela Sing" (Men
delssohn): "Gloria ratri" (Woodward): an
them, "There Shall Come a Star" (Cuthbert
Harris): • Sursum Corda": "Sanctus" (Wood
ward); Eucharistlc hymn. "Shepherd of Souls"
(Dykes); "Agnus Del": "Gloria in Excclsls"
(Vvoodward); "Nune Dimittls" (Govrer): retro
cessional hymn, "Angels from the Realms of
TELLS OF THE NATIVITY.
Rev. Dr. Clampett Preaches a Force
. ful Christmas Discourse.
The Christmas music at Trinity Church
was of an unusually impressive character
Rev. Frederick "W". Clampett. rector of
the church, preached from St. John, i:14:
'The Word was- made- fiosh and dwelt
among- us.' He referred to the increas
ing and widening interest of the churches
of the land in the commemoration of the
nativity of the blessed Lord. In part he
said: ■ " •
Nothing Impresses Itself upon the mind more
than the simplicity of the story of Bethlehem.
It has been told In language of transparent
. beauty. It is an event so striking as to im
press itself upon an entire civilization. And
yet our time is reckoned upon the event, the
eyes of millions are turned in holy love upon
the Infant form ot Bethlehem, and kings and
queens bow, as the wise men of old, before
tho "Word made flesh."
He was likewise sublime.' Truly »he
heavens were telling the glory of God. when
the Star guided the first worshiper to Bethie
hem and the angel '.-hnrus Riled the air.
Time has demonstrated Its permanency. The
world was never more prepared to receive and
reverence the message.
Tills message of simplicity, sublimity and
permanency la valued because the child Jesu«
was the revelation of the Father. Nothing
short of the divine Incarnation will satisfy tlie
longing soul. Nothing short of the deity of
the Son of God. will harmonize the truths 'of
revelation. Meen may extol the Master as a
pure moralist and unique example of-self-sac
rifice, but in the supreme thought of his ab
solute deity — his oneness with the Father —
rests all that makes the Christian faith a
power. We behold God through the attributes
of Jesus. The majesty, the mercy, compassion,
pity and Infinite love of the Father were re
vtnled through 4he life of Jesus of Nazareth.
His incarnation, again, was the enrichment
of humanity. 1 It was "God manifest In the
flesh." With singular force this truth comes
to us in Chrlstmastlde. It adds sacrednesa
and dignity to manhood. It speaks to us in
the language of St. John: "Behold, now are
we the sons of God, and It doth not yet appear
what we shall be: but we- know that when he
shall appear. we shall be like him."
The Christian faith, at this season, speaks
with remarkable power of the Infinite, possi
bilities thus opened out by the life of the
child. Jesus. His humanity has sanctified all
humanity. To this end he came that we might
have r life abundantly. ■'
These truths make possible all the joys' of
Christmas. Beneath social and home bleselncs
exchange of gifts and mutual well wishes, is
the one supreme truth of the incarnate Jesus
Christ, the Son of God. "The "Word," verily
"was made flesh and dwelt among- us." -
/ - ■ -.-■•--'■■::-■. • ■.:■:•/' -Iik
Mayor-Elect Eugene E. Schmitz Renders a
Violin Saloi at Offertory in St. Mary's
Church — Impressive Services Are Held
AT St. Mary's Cathedral the
music was a. feature, as it has
always been on holidays. The
choir and orchestra, under the
direction of Professor Harri
son, rendered an excellent pro
gramme.
At the 10:30 o'clock mass the
Rev. Chariest A. Ramm
preached the sermon. ; His discourse was
a beautiful one and was of Christmas. In
part he said:
God being a pure spirit the worship of him
is the worship of a pure spirit. Since, however,
■we have never had any experience of spiritual
being,: and cannot, thereto^, even imagine
what they are JJke. this worship of God —
which is our highest religious duty — Is neces
sarily extremely difficult. Worsip is a mental
and intellectual act; the will and mind must
produce it or it does not exist; but aa we can
not think. AX. all without the accompaniment of
figures or images lit the imagination tha
thought of God involved in hia worship must
necessarily be attended by some Image of him.
It. is the difficulty of forming this image which
makes our mental grasp' upon God commonly
so feeble. - You will at once realize what I
mean if you have- ever tried to cultivate de
votion to God the Father or to God the Holy
Ghost. To most people. I am sure, the object
of such devotion will seem illusive, vanishing
before them as they try to fix their mental eyea
upon it. What sort of a mental picture can we
form of th« Holy Ghost?
This initial difficulty of worship springing
from the spirituality of God is increased by a
second, arising from the character of the wor
ship which he requires of us. Worship. I have
said. Is an intellectual act. . But it is more
than that. It is an act of our whole being.
The first and greatest commandment is this:
"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy
whole soul, with thy whole heart and with thy
whole mind." Not alone our intellect, but
our feelings, our emotions and our affections
are to have a share in our worship. Without
these the purely mental acts which form the
basis of our love and adoration are- cold and
feeble. It is the heart which gives to worship
Intensity and color and warmth.
When our feelings run along with our will
religious acts are easy. When they are ab
sent or contrary it takes all our'resolutlon and
courage to remain faithful to our duty. One
half our being seems then to be rebelling
against the other half; and generally, in the
end, If the conflict be long, our mental powers
lose their grasp and we are swept away by
the persfstent current of our feelings.
Yet these feelings are a part of our strange
little being. Powerful aids they are for good
when they respond divinely to some noble in
spiration; flemon furies when perverted to the
cause of sin. They are God's gifts to us. and
he asks us to bring them to his service, so
that our whole being, spiritual ana physical,
may offer him one harmonious homage, i ■
But how can we bring our hearts to serve
him? Can the thought of the Invisible spirit.
God. who is everywhere and yet nowhere, warm
us with the glow of fervor? Can an imma
terial being kindle emotions within us? Can
the fingers of our affections twine around that
which we cannot even imagine? ■
The kind heart need3 the tangible, the vis
ible, the present, the concrete to move It. The
absence of these from the pure spirituality of
God Snade the worship of him in the olden time
doubly hard. It is for this reason that his
chosen people could with the utmost dlfflculty
be made to cleave to the theism which it was
their mission to preserve. They wanted to see
and feel their God, and so fell an easy prey
to the Idolatry of their heathen neighbors.
When- Moses delayed In coming; down from the
mountain the people forgot the Lord whose
prophet he was, -and cried out to Aaron:
"Arise, make us gods that may go before us."
It was but the strong cry of their sensible
nature drowning the somber' but weak voice
of reason. .
So it was throughout their history. They
were constantly falling away: and It was only
by the direct punishments that God could hold
them, even to a fitful, cold and feeble worship.
But surely a merciful Father will at length
have pityupon this weakness of human nature.
He will not always remain far aw&y from his
children. He will not always wile by fear;
he will come to them; be wilt win them to
himself, and hold them by the cords of Adam,
by the bonds of love.
Jesus lives to-day en every altar. He Is
there, the same gracious Savior who had com
passion on the multitude' in the wilderness;
who brought Mary Magdalen weeping and peni
tent to his feet;' -whose touch healed the sick
who comforted the grief-stricken widow of
Nain ; who wept at the tomb of Lazarus and
whose look of reproach brought the bitter tears
of repentance to the eyes of Peter.
The doors of his temple are always open,' in
viting us to enter and fall down before him
in silent adoration. There. In hia presence
our hearts grow warm again, our strength is
renewed and our courage revived. There our
difficulties of worship are solved and the Irre
pressible cravings of our nature to feel our
Savior near us find their answer. He has not
condemned us to wander over the face of the
earth, like Cain, with the curse of our sln«
upon us. For we know where he la and we
may arise and go to him and cast our burden
upon him, as Martha's sister did when h»
heart was heavy. u * r
Around the altar where Jesus dwells thpro
is life and warmth. There hia kneeling chil
dren adore him with the ever-present an«>]«
In the great cold world outside his very nkmi
and life are. .las. fast becoming a merl rne™
ory and worship Is losing Its heart bec»il««
the object of it is too far away °«caus3
Oht J 1^. USt then - whom faith has gathered
around this mercy throne catch uo with »h«^t
Ml souls the angels' song of gladn^s on th^
the natal day of the word made flesh 1 I
when, in a few moments, he will be born »£.i
for us. on the altar by the whispered wort! £
consecration, let us bow down befori hi Jr °i
offer him the warm homagVof srateftM 2i *"*
tion. for It I, the ineffable my^ery ot d £T
manuel — God with us. j=«ry or Em-
MAYOB-ELECT PLAYS SOLO.
Eugene E, Schmitz Renders k Chopin
Nocturne at St. BEary's.
There was a large congregation* .m
11 o'clock mass at St. MaTy? Chu^h
solemn high -mass was cellbrat^rt
the music ■ incidental to the «iw f and
10 me solemn serv-
ices was beautiful and impressive. Mayor
elect Schmitz played a Chorjin Nocturne
on his violin at the offertory. He has
taken part in the musical programme of
St. Mary's at Christmas for the past
eight years.
Rev. Father Wyman preached tho
Christmas sermon. His text was taken
from St Luke ii:15: "Let us go ovei
to Bethlehem and let us see this word
that is come to pass which the Lord hath
shown to us." In part he said:
I Ruskin in his beautiful essay. "The JIj-3
1 tery of Lift>." says, "In the cloud of the hu
man soul there la a fire stronger than the
lightning and a grace more precious than
rain." But as in nature there are c!outl3 in
the sky which are only of vanishing vapory
and pass away, clouds that are mere shadows^
fantastical and spectral. clouds that are
threatening, carried by the tempest, yet are
dissolved only into mist, so In the human soul
there are the painted clouds of the imagina
tion, the dark barren clouds o£ passion which
bring forth no precious rain of grace.
What la this soul-fire? It is the desire for
and the hope or expectation of something bet
ter. And what is this grace' more precious
than rain? It is the fulfillment of thfa desire,
the actual attainment of this gift, which only
th»> Author of Life can bestow.
Is this desire universal with men? Before
answering this question I must make a. dis
tinction. Potentially, yes; in actual exercise,
not always. There are both light and dark
ness in the human soul and the former ia made
brighter by contrast with the latter. If I
should ask any man. woman or child whom I
might chance to meet. Is there anything that
you want? I should soon discover in every In
stance that there was something which they
were seeking but had not yet attained. That
something might be a mere trifle, and the-etn
we find an explanation of why the wildernesses
and deserts of the soul are extensive and why
there are so many spiritual springs, wella and
river beds run dry.
Faith tells us that th« One who was born
en this day is to every child of Adam a "dar
epring from on high"— tha "Eternal Word"'*
who was in the beginning before all thing?,
who wan with God. who was God. who was
the one by whom all things are made.
Comment on Barrett's Betura.
MEXICO CITY. D V . 23.-E1 TIempo. a
clerical organ, says that diplomatic cir
cles and politicians are commenting- on
the return to the United- States of Hon.
John Barrett at a time when the confer
ence has just begun the consideration of A
important and fundamental questions. El 4
Tiempo says It is now coming to be be- "
lieved that at Washington there is discon
tent over the fact that the Latin nations
do not show. docility In accepting the
leadership of the United States.
DtXUTlI, Minn Dec. 25.— By th« terms of
a decree in foreclosure, the property of th«
Duluth Transfer Railway Company will be sold
a *-* uc *j on .°n Jai "«ry 2. The company was
originally bonded to the extent of $1,130,000
and the amount of Indebtedness J3 $1,284,221.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bargain Babies.
If babies were for sale the most invet-
erate bargain-hunting woman in the
world would not look for a bargain baby.
She would want the best baby that could
be bought, regardless of price.
Every woman naturally craves a
healthy, handsome child, and her crav-
ing can be gratified if she will but re-
member that the child's health is her
own gift, and to give health she must
NgjjC *SJj*|^iy whose babies have
JetjIJJa^**^ been weak and puny
" JBS&tfSs. nursed in strength.
i£iH|||| their first strong child
MM fa lifil after US * D 2 **• Puree's
r/ff/U By3i Favorite Prescription. It
■ " . " *^ is the best preparative for
maternity, encouraging the appetite,
quieting the nerves and inducing re-
freshing sleep. It gives the mother
strength to give her child, and makes
1 the baby's advent practically painless.
1 n My wife had been sick nearly all her life."
1 "?y s T ?*r. E. E. Fricke. of Petersburg:. Menard
j-o- Illinois. Box 367. "and after trying every-
thing : 1 could think of I made up my mind to
tr 7. Favorite Prescription." I got s£t bottles,
which my wife took, a tablespoonful tliree tim«
a day. until the baby came. She felt better
I niter taking: the first bottle, and when baby was
Dornhe weighed nine and a half pounds. Tc^ %
Cay he w six months old and weighs tweuty-ttflB J
pounds. He is as good a child as anv one coura*
1 J* 1 *". The doctor says he is as healthy as any
paby could be, and also says the use of your
Favorite Prescription ' was 'the cause of. such a
healthy baby,^
Dr. Plerce's Pleasant Fellets are the
best and safest laxative for the use of
delicate -women,.COPPER METROPOLIS OF NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
IS EVERY DAY ASSUMING GREATER IMPORTANCE
Immense Mineral Resources of -the Several
Northern Counties Are Giving Redding
Proud Place Among Cities of the State.
Smelters Belch Smoke Day and Night
THE phenomenal advance nf
Redding, the county seat of
Shasta County, is of moment
to the entire State. Last
year Shasta County produced
minerals, as officially report
ed by the State Mineralogist.
to the high aggregate of
55,574,026. The total for the
entire State of California during the same
period was $32,622,545. Roughly speaking.
Shasta, therefore, is to be credited with i
more than one-sixth of the whole value I
of all minerals which California added to '
the wealth of the world in the year 1900. ;
Gold, silver and copper, like a trinity of
genii slumbering in the hills of Shasta
answering to the Aladdin-like touch of
energy, came forth— glittering and potent
— while the mountains quaked and rever
berated. Their allied wealth gladdened
the hearts of the sturdy miners of the
north and pointed the way to a future
that looks very bright.
Along the water courses, along the high
ways leading- from Redding to the coun
ties of Siskiyou, Trinity and Modoc, in
the bed of the Sacramento River and
other streams; in the depths of high
mountains, Enterprise groped her way.
The mines of an earlier and historic day,
in which the pioneers found treasure,
were again exploited for gold, but cop
per is the new giant of the north. Gold
is still a factor in Shasta and a large one.
The total output of the county in gold
last year was $733,467, and only seven coun
ties in California made a better gold
record, but the value of Shasta copper
was $4,166,735, which was more than the
values in gold output of any two counties
combined. Copper is king of the present
and near future.
Day and night, unceasingly, vaporous
cloujs float, banner-like, over the smelt
ers of Keswlck, in full view of Redding.
Something like a score of miles farther
removed the unceasing fires of Bully Hill
are reducing the flinty ores, copper bear
ing, of another belt or region — rich in
mineral wealth. On the line of the rail
road going to Oregon is Kennett, in which
there is great promise. tBalaklala is an
other name to conjure with in this fa
vored county of Shasta, The Mountain
Copper Company's operations at Keswick
end De La Mar's at Bully Hill have al
ready given rise to communities of some
.size. Other hamlets and towns, thriving
and vigorous, will come into existence In
the rear future— wherever and whenever
the magic hand of copper points the way
and marks the time on the dial. The pres
ent prospect Is that each and all of these
communities within a wide radius of
Redding will for a long term of years
enhance the prosperity and growth of
Redding, while other places are also pres
ent gainers. m
IN COMMANDING POSITION.
Sends Supplies to a Region of Great
Richness.
In a certain degree Redding occupies the
tame relative position to the surrounding
mining country that Sacramento held in
regard to the placers in early days. It is
a supply point and center of distribution.
Stage routes radiate in all directions.
Over the grades, up hill and down, over
bridges, by the rivers and through, the
mountains, the teamsters crack their
whips as their dusty horees carry in and
out machinery for the mines, boilers and
pumps, ores for the smelters and all the
miscellaneous supplies needed at the
mines. The stage routes from Redding
i ead to all points north in Shasta County,
"%o points in Modoc, Sigkiyou and Trinity
I ounties. At a general stage office the
following 1 named localities are enumerated
as being reached regularly by stage ser
vice from Redding:
Anderson. Adin, Alturas. Bear Valley, Bie
\>er. Burney Valley. Balls Ferry, Bella Vista,
Baird. Black Diamond, Bis Bend. Springs,
• "enterville, Cauby, Carvllle, Coldridge, Can
von City. Copley, Copper City. Castella,. Cin
nabar. Delta, De La Mar. Deadwood, Douglas
«"Ity, Dedrick, French Gulch. ; Furna^eville,
Fall River Mills, Fort Uidwell, Harrison
*;ulch. Hatchet Creek, Horse Creek. Hay Fork.
Iron Mountain, Igro. Junction City, Keav.-lck.
Kennett Lake View, LUlienthal Lowden
Kanch. Mlllvllle. Montgomery Creek. Mfriere
ville, Morleys, Middle Creek, Montague, North
Fork, Ono, Oak Bottom, Pit River Bridge,
Palo Cedro. Pltville, Round Mountain, Shin
rietown. Shasta Stillwater, Sallee, Tower
House, Trinity Center, Watson Gulch, Weaver
vnie, Whiskytown.
With the commanding station of gate
way to the heart of a great mining region
large benefits have come to Redding dur
ing the last few years, and are still swell
ing her wealth. There is not room enough
in the city for the people who have gone
ihere recently to dwell. In the suburbs
people have been camping in wagons and
tents waiting for houses to be finished to
accommodate them. Parties who expect
ed to have houses have compromised on
having a few rooms. Nevertheless there
has been a. great deal of building- in progr
ess recently. The value estimated to be
'represented by buildings in progress at
one time very lately was. $250,000. At this
time two new hotels are being added. One
of these Is a brick four-story structure,
to contain 340 rooms. This is built with
money taken from the mines of- Trinity
County. The other new hotel mentioned is
of wood, three stories high, which stands
on the corner of Butte and Oregon streets.
The Shasta County Bank has a new and
costly home on Market street, between
Yuba and Placer. Office and store blocks
are in construction. Many cottages have
been built. Real estate agents are fore
seeing the coming of a greater population
and are placing large tracts of eligible
lands on the market for building sites.
City improvements will undoubtedly be
made on a large scale.
MOUNTAIN COPPER PLANT.
Millions in Bed Metal Annually Pro
duced at Keswick.
The nearest of the great copper plants
to Redding is that of the Mountain Cop
per Company at Keswlck. The force of
men employed there has ranged as high
as 1500. M. E. Dittmer says that the
Mountain Copper Company is producing
at the rate of $4,500,000 per year, and that
the Bully Hill Copper Mining and Smelt
ing Company, of which J. R. de la Mar
Is the moving spirit, has a present an
nual rate of production of $2,750,000, which
will .be doubled soon by the Increase of
nmelters. Every visitor to Redding who
has time at his disposal visits Keswlck.
Very few ever are permitted to enter the
grounds inclosing the great plant, but
that is not necessary to comprehend the
greatness of the enterprise, lor the hills
surround the smelters, and from any point
a good view is obtainable.
The mine is away up on the mountain
side. Thirteen miles of track are em
ployed by the railway trains to bring
ACTING MAYOR ROHM MAKES
FORECAST OF ADVANCEMENT
THERE is no boom in Redding. The conditions' are those of perma
nency. Redding relies upon the mines for her prosperity, at least in
a very large degree. The reliance Indicated is based on knowledge of
the proximity of great deposits of ore at Keswick, Bully Hill, Bala
klala, Kennett, Clear Creek, Harrison Gulch and other loc;ftities. Redding
has a great forwarding business, which is hers by^ right of situation as re
lated to the surrounding country. There are two large lumber districts trib
utary to Redding. One is centered at Bella Vista; the other is in the coun
try about Sisson.
There is no doubt that we have a progressive population in Redding. The
present Board of Trustees of the city was elected upon the programme of
bonding to furnish better streets and a sewer system. So rar that has not
been carried out, but there is no doubt that public sentiment favors putting
the .city in the best possible shape to attract outsiders of the desirable sort
to become permanent residents. A part of the programme Is to build a city
hall and to set out shade trees along the streets for beautification and also for
comfort of the passers.
This is still a comparatively new city, but there are evidences that citi
zens of the most progressive type have settled here, and that Redding has
the favoraoi- consideration of the keenest men in California. .It also has
the advantage of a world-wide reputation as the city nearest the great cop
per mines that have been opened up in this county in^the past few years.
These are factors that count for advancement. ..
We have a free reading room and library, good schools, good hotels, good
prospects in all directions and advantages to match, so that -we have no rea
son to doubt that we shall reap a full harvest and that all who make their
homes with us will have reason to be thankful that they came here to share
with us what we have.- The enterprising spirit of Reddirtg may be relied upon
to push-this city forward constantly. / J. T. ROHM,
President of Redding Board of Trustees.'
down the ore from the mine, and the
trains are rarely quiet. The works are
operated by two shifts of men, so that
the work never ceases. ■ To have what is
technically known as a "freeze up" costs
money. Outside of the gates of the op
erating plant the town has grown up. It
is of unpainted houses for the greater
part, all perched upon hills, for the
ground floor of Keswlck is extremely
broken. This town has a ' recent origin.
The population is estimated at about 1200.
The stages run to and from Keswick three
times daily. Vegetation fades away be
fore the fumes of the smelters. Two miles
distant the ; forest trees are , dead and
withered, but the men, women and chil
dren in Keswlck appear to thrive. The
pay roll at Keswick amounts to about
$250,000 per month. The price paid for
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALLi THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901-
TYPICAL SCENES IN REDDING AND AMONG THE LARGER MINING SECTIONS OF SHASTA COUNTY, IL
LUSTRATING THE METHODS BY WHICH THE PEOPLE OF ; THE NORTH ARE MAKING THEIR WORK
COUNT AND ARE FOSTERING PROSPERITY. - ' .:. '-
the Keswick property is reported to have
been $200,000. The present capitalization
is $6,500,000. Last year the dividends
amounted to $1,125,000. lue British cap
italists owning the property are making
a very fine thing out Of their investment.
The De La Mar mines, at Bully Hill,
have given rise to two settlements, Cop
per City and Sallee. The two have a pop
ulation of something like 1500, according
to the local claims. The town of De La.
Mar belongs to a stock company. It is
about one year old. Stores, a schoolhouse,
one church, a weekly paper, four hotels
(one of which Is three stories high), a
butcher shop, laundry, lodging-houses,
etc., are the features of this struggling,
one-year-old Infant Copper City, which
promises to be much larger. The De La
Mar mines are shipping largely to New
Jersey, where Mr.De La Mar has con
structed a refining plant on a large scale.
PROMISE BIG BETTJBNS.
Many Mining Properties Hold Out
Fine Promises.
It is manifestly impossible to describe
all the multitude of mining properties in
Shasta County. There are great hopes
of the future of Balaklala and Kennett.
The Mount Shasta Gold Mines Corpora
tion is operating the old Mount- Shasta
gold mine, which has a: record of having
sent $25,000 per month to . the Keswick
smelters. Among the prominent mining
districts is Harrison Gijlch, already well
known to fame. The great operations at
the Sweepstakes mine, in- Trinity County,
are bringing profit to Redding. One con
tract for teaming pipe in to the mines
amounted to $35,000, the contractor, being
a Trustee of Redding. Between Redding
and Keswick gold dredging operations are
under way. •
It is a great sight when the teams that
are to travel over the country roads with
supplies for distant mines and mining
camps and towns are loaded up in the
square facing the railroad freight sheds
on one side and' a principal business street
of Redding bn the other. One needs to
travel no farther to see how things were
done in the pioneer days, when men re
lied upon their own energies to cover the
distances to the mines. There have been
counted as many as 150 freighting teams
in the square in one afternoon. The men
are sunburned and hardy — tough, as a
knot, and at once plucky and good
humored. You will see them later in the
day, if you ride abroad, making their
noonday meal at some small town or by
the roadside. Redding appreciates to the
full the advantage of the possession of
this service of freighting teams to bring
business to it. Equally with, the miners,
the stage drivers and the teamsters are
making the city grow.
There Is a good story going the rounds
which illustrates the avidity with which
eligible mining properties in Shasta Coun
ty are now sought. According to this the
Mountain Copper Company had the Bala
klala mine under bond for $200,0C0. On
the day that the bond expired the man
ager of the Copper Mining Company tele
phoned the owners to come out and get
$15,000, the amount required to keep the
bond alive under renewal. They did not
respond. The money was not sent to
them: In ninety days the property was
sold for $450,000 to Philadelphians, a win
ning for the owners of $250,000 In three
months by waiting. ■ \
During a recent suit in court in Red
ding Mr. Cohen, manager of the Bully
Hill property, made a statement under
oath that the profits of the Bully Hill,
were $100,000 per month; The price paid
for the property by the present owners \%
reported to have been $250,000. * ■•.-•■
One more statement of interest should
be made concerning the mines of Shasta
County as a whole. This ia derived from
the annual report of the State Mineralo
gist, who finds that the total output in
creased from $4,661,981 in 1899 to $5,574,026 in
1900, the difference in favor of the last
year being $912,045. The present year will
show another large, gain. No one believes
that the price of copper, which has fallen
as a result of manipulation, will be as low
for any length pf time as it has been're
cently. The multiplication of electrical
uses makes the demand for copper larger
all the time. Conditions will be more fa
vorable in the matter of prices after a
time, a consideration... which 1 vitally af
fects one of the largest copper belts on
earth, that of Shasta County.
BIG SHIPPING . CENTEE.
Redding Holds the Fourth Place as
. Freight Distributing Point.:
Local estimates and .the figures of. the
Southern. Pacific Company give Redding
the position of being the fourth forward
ing point in California. .The freights mov
ing- between • Redding and. Keswick alone
are of sufficient bulk to give. rise to a plan
for the: construction- of an electric ' road
between the two points. The movers in
this enterprise .are R. G. Parker, T. D.
Boardman and George C. Boardman, all
of whom are well known in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Parker says that he has looked
into the matter of making the road pay
and is satisfied, after a full Investigation,
that there is money in it. The route may
involve bridging the Sacramento River at
two places. Mr. Parker has been resid
ing some time In Redding, where he has
opened up the Boardman addition to Red
ding and has energetically "pushed the
sale of many lots, for which a good de
mand has been found. The Southern Pa
cific Company's road does not go near
the smelters at Keswick. Mr. 1 Parker says
that in that fact Is a promise of business
for an electric road. He also thinks it
probable that the road would have the
effect of removing many families from
Keswick to Redding: on account o f tne
EDITOR SWASEY SEES SIGNS
OF GREATNESS FOR REDDING
THE United States census of 1900 , placed . Redding's population ap
:" proximately at 3000. Since the census was, taken at least 1000 more
persons have taken up their residence here. Within the next five
j years we will have a population of 10,000. Mining is the leading: in
dustry. Our ores being base in their nature; their treatment never met with
much success until the smelter was introduced .by an English company
which purchased the celebrated Iron Mountain Mine, a vast deposit of cop
per, sold and silver. :
:' Since then the county has advanced from the . sixth to the leading or first
county in the State as a mineral producer. "We have .now two smelting
plants with a prospect of two more in .the near. future.: It has been posi
tively'ascertained that, beginning at Keswick, on the Sacramento River, we
have a continuous copper deposit in the form of a horseshoe, for fifteen
miles, reaching to the town of De La Mar.'near PifRiver, with spurs there
from. -...-..
Redding Is not only the center of this rich mineral belt, but is also the
distributing point for Trinity County, which has become famous for her
rich placer mines, surpassing any county in the State for her extensive and
rich gravel deposits. Add to this the timber resources of the ' county of
Shasta and the rapid and continuous growth of Redding Is certain. ,
The traveling public tells us that Redding is the best advertised city In
the State, and we expect to experience, growth in the year 1902 surpass
ing that of any five years. There is sure to be a, large and prosperous city
between Sacramento and the State line. 'and that Is going to be the City
of Redding. , P. M. SWASEY, Editor Redding Free Press.
many advantages of the latter as a place
of residence.- ■* ..■ - ;
. ■■ According to the returns of County Aud
itor.- Blodgett. the assessed valuation of
Shasta County, outside of railroad prop
erties, has Increased from $7,674,778 In the
roll of 1900 to $7,926,120 for 1901. The In
crease largely represents the growth of
Redding, so Mr. Blodgett says. The as
sessment of " the county- in 1899 footed up
$6,648,760, less the railroad properties. The
increase -ia seen by these official figures
to be continuous. . .
REC0R.D OF GROWTH.
History 'of the Town Is One of G-feat
■ '. :■"..;•• Advancement. ,
The history of Redding Is typical. It was
laid out by the railroad surveyers and was
named ■ after Joseph D. Redding,. \ once
prominent in the councils of the Southern
Pacific Company. The first railroad train
reached Redding bn the night of Sunday,
September 1, 1872. The railway office in
Prosperfty Follows Discovery of Ledges
'Upon Which Nature Has Laid a Midas
Finger and Vast Fortunes Are Being Made.
Roads Traversed by Hundreds of Freighters
the new place was opened for business on
-he following day. A. S. Castle estabb
lished the first boarding accommodations,
in a large tent. Judge C. C. Bush began
the first substantial Improvement, erect
ing a frame store building on the corner
of California and Butte streets, the site
of the present Bush block.
Mhe inherent vitality of Redding was
demonstrated when the railroad was ex
tended to Oregon, which furnished a test
concerning Redding's ability to retain its
hold upon the forwarding trade. .Red
ding did not suffer in the least. The re
moval of the county seat to Redding
from Shasta was authorized by the coun
ty in 1SS8.
■An estimate is made .that 30,000,000
pounds ■ of freight are annually un
loaded at the Redding depot.
Redding is lighted by electricity. The
business structures in the center of the
city are constructed of brick. The streets
are wide and easy of grade. . The Sacra
mento River is spanned by a free bridge,
which facilitates travel very largely.
From many points in the city Mount
Shasta looms up grandly and other
snowy mountains are also in sight. There
are many nice residences. The most
prominent building in the city Is the
County Courthouse. This structure was
erected in 188S at a cost of , $60,000. Two
handsome buildings are owned by fra
ternal organizations, the Temple Hotel
building being the property of the Ma
sonic Building Association, while the Odd
Fellows own a business block.
There are two sets of public officials in
Redding. The Board of Trustees of the
city consists of Dr. J. T. Rohm, president
of the board and acting Mayor; Carl R.
Briggs, H. Clineschmidt, Samuel Hill and
William Welch. The county officials in
Redding are- Superior Judge Edward
Sweeney. Sheriff Charles ~H. Behrens.
Under- Sheriff James Riehardson, County
Clerk and Auditor W. O. Blodgett, Re
corder J. R. Lowden, District Attorney
Thomas B. Dozier, County Treasurer L.
M.. Dennis, - School Superintendent -Miss
M.«l. Poore, Assessor Alec Ludwig, Coro
ner Thomas Greene, ■ Surveyor Alf Balt
zell, Supervisors Charles .Stevens, A.
Cahow, O. Grittner, C. C. Bidwell and
William Smith. .
In addition to two bright and enterpris
ing daily papers, the Free Press and the
Searchlight, • the community supports a.
mining, journal, the Mineral Wealth ot
Northern California. T.o these journals
much of the prosperity of the county ia
due. ■ .
INTERESTS ARE VARIED.
Lumber and Cattle Industries Add to
. Shasta County's Welfare.
Mining 'is not the' only large Interest of
Shasta County. Fruit growing has been
successfully followed at Anderson, which
Is twelve miles south of Redding. -At
Bella Vista, twelve miles east from Red
ding, is the headquarters of the Terry
Lumber Company, which has a vast lum
ber output in sugar pine and yellow pine
principally. Burney Valley, situated
sixty-six miles northeast from Redding,
is a good agricultural country. There are
also agricultural and stock interests at
Burgess, fifty-five miles northeast from,
Reddirg. The Shasta King, Balaklala
and Stowell groups of mines are near
Copley, on the railroad, nine miles north
from Redding, 'on the Sacramento River.
Cottonwood is a good shipping point. It
is eighteen miles from Redding. The soil
la productive. At French Gulch there are
good mining properties. A daily stage
connection Is maintained with Redding.
There are excellent mining prospects at
Gas Point, Hart, Whltehouse, Igo, Knob—
which latter is the postofflce name for
Harrison Qulch— Middle Creek, Oak Run,
Shasta, Shlngletown, Whiskytown and
Still water.
The mineral springs and health resort3
of Shasta County are famous.
The Redding local papers give an ac
count of a railroad which is now project
ed for the purpose of connecting' Fall
River Mills with the Southern Pacific
main line. The company concerned in
the project la the Shasta Mineral Belt
Railway, of which r>. P. Doak of St.
Louis is the president. Two routes are
offered— one following the Pit River from
its junction with the Sacramento River,
three miles above Kennett, and the other
extending from Bella Vista, the terminus
of the Terry road. The purpose alleged
Is to push on through Modoc County
with this line.
The historic town of Shasta is gradual
ly being merged into the corporate exist
ence of Redding by the simple process of
migration. People who were formerly
dwellers in Shasta are now leading citi
zens in Redding. They and their house
hold goods have gone to Redding for fhe
greater number of advantages afforded by
the larger community. The stores of
Shasta are now nearly all closed. Dur
ing the last year the only hotel of Shasta
has succumbed. Various business places
have followed suit. The old-time stores
are represented only by unoccupied brick
buildings. The former store windows are
covered by iron blinds, or shutters, that
are never taken down now. A few of the
old residents remain. The oldest of these
in point of years of residence is probably
Mrs. C. N. Knox, who has resided in
Shasta continuously ever since 1852. Else
where the story is told erf the taking
away of the county seat to Redding.
Over the principal street of Shasta— tha
town is mainly all upon one • street— the
teamsters drive constantly on their way
to Whiskytown. Weaverville and other
points, where there ia a demand for sup
plies. Shasta Is the oldest town In North
ern California. Once it was the center of
great mining activity. No one can safely
say that it will not again become promi
nent. The copper discoveries that have
given Shasta County its present -leading
position among the mineral counties of
California were not known a few years
ago. Other discoveries are probable.
It was in Shasta, in 1850, that the first
public meeting was held at which the or
ganization of Shasta County was pro
posed. Then Shasta County embraced an
area 200 miles square, extending from the
Oregon State line on the north to Red
Bluff on the south and from the summit
of the Coast Range Mountains on the
west to the Sierra Nevada Mountains on
the east. County officers were elected for
Shasta County on October 7, 1850, which
was about one month after the bill was
passed by the National. Congress admit
ting California as a State of the Union.
Shasta was chosen as the county seat oO
February 15. 1831.
Heavy Frost in the South.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— There was a
heavy frost this morning in exposed
places, but no reports of damage to fruits
have been received. The local weather
bureau to-day sent out a warning notice
to orchardists predicting a heavy frost to
night and advising the. usual precautions
against damage.
BRAZIL, Ind., Dec. 25. — In defending his
mother from an assault by her drunken hus
band, Theodore Watkins, colored. 13 years of
age, shot and killed his father to-night. Wat
kins had attacked his wife with a hatchet.
GRAIN COFFEE
"'■. '■'■■' ■• ■ ■• ' ■
Grain-O is not a stimulant, like
coffee. It is a tonic and its effects
are permanent.
A successful substitute for coffee,
because it has the coffee flavor that
everybody likes.
Lots of coffee substitutes In tha
market, bat only one food drink—
. Grain-O.
All grocers; 19c. andUe.
■
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 26, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attrttt All CemmvcSntieu to W. S. LEASE, Htnajer.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market nnd Third, S. F.
. Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l>r Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelt./
Single Copies. ."» Cents. \
Terms by- Mail, Including Postage I
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year JS.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). C l-onths 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
TTEEKLY CALL, One Year 100
All postmasters are nnthorlxed to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In crderlrg change of address *iic\ild be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their reqmfit.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
r irif er Tcrtign Atartisiiif. Mtrqwttt Building. Cfclctgs.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2«1S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARI/TOX. .Herald Sqoare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. S3IITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlntr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union JSfluare:
Hurray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: •
Eherman House: P. O. News Cc; Great Northern Hot£V.
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES — 5rr Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
1:30 o'clock. 'UU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22& Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1500 Flllmore. open until • p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
California — "Devil's Auction."
Tlvoli— "Little Red Rldlne Hood."
Central — "The Silver King."
Alcr.zar— "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "'Janice Meredith."
" Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Carmen."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
even inc. : - "
Fischer" f— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
FOR more than a generation there has been no
amendment to the constitution of the United
States. After adopting such changes in the
fundamental law of the republic as were needed to
settle the issues of the civil war, the people have been
content to carry on the Government under the con
stitution without further alteration. The content
ment, howeve-, has been by no means unanimous.
With each succeeding Congress there have come ef
forts toward amending the constitution and some of
them have received strong support in the House.
This Congress is to be no exception to the rule.
Already several amendments have been suggested,
and some of them may be urged with sufficient force
to become questions of practical politics.
As a matter of course we have a revival of the old
issue of amending the constitution with resptct to
the election of United States Senators. This time,
however, in addition to the plans heretofore proposed
there is a new one advocated by Senator Burrows.
He proposes that when the Legislature of a State
fails to elect a United States Senator the people of
the State shall have z right to elect by direct vote.
The measure is designed to remedy such evils as now
exist in Delaware, which State has no representative
in the Senate by reason of the prolonged Legislative
deadlocks.
An amendment likely to receive considerable favor
is that proposed by Senator Stewart giving the Fed
eral Government authority to control and regulate
for irrigation purposes the waters of rivers flowing
through two or more States. It is believed that un
less some such amendment be adopted it will be im
possible to carry out any comprehensive plan for the
.irrigation of the arid lands lying within the bounda
ries of the States.
The advocates of uniform marriage laws have be
fore Congress an amendment offered by Mr. Gillett
of Massachusetts, providing that Congress shall have
power to establish uniform laws on the subject of di
vorce throughout the United States. The evils re
sulting from the existing differences regarding mar
riage and divorce in the various States have long
been a cause of confusion to lawyers and to courts.
The need of some remedy for them has been repeat
edly pointed out, and the American Bar Association
has made an effort to. bring about the enactment of
something like uniform laws by the State Legisla
tures. Such efforts, however, have effected but little
in the way of reform, and it is therefore not strange
that the more earnest promoters of the movement
should new seek to accomplish it by giving the Fed
eral Government power to act for the whole country.
■, An amendment likely to give rise to much discus
sion is that proposed by Mr. Crumpacker of Indiana,
providing that "Congress shall have power to tax
the capital stock and earnings of all private corpora
tions carried on for the purposes of gain, without re
gard to the population of the States, and such tax
may be progressive." The amendment has a double
object. First it would enable the United States Gov
ernment to levy an income tax on corporations, and
second, by means of such tax it could exert control
over the huge aggregations of capital known as
trusts. The proposed amendment will doubtless be
keenly debated, but there is not much likelihood of
its passage, particularly at this time when the Gov
ernment has a larger revenue than it has any need
for. : -jy
Experience has shown that the people never make
amendments to the constitution for slight causes.' It
took the strain of the civil war to wring consent to
the amendments which grew out of that strife. We
have no strain upon us now, and consequently most
of the proposed amendments will hardly have much
support either in Congress or out of it. When once
the vast work of preserving the forests and conserv
ing the water supply of the West is fairly undertaken
such constitutional amendments as are needed to car
ry it out may be provided, but the repeated failures
of efforts to amend the method of electing United
States Senators seem to prove that the other amend
ments proposed will hardly do more than furnish
subjects for constitutional debates.
The California orange-growers' have had. their
little fight with frost and have won out, and now the
Florida growers have to tackle the same cold propo
sition. .
LACK OF LOCOMOTIVES.
COMPLAINTS made/by the orange growers
of Southern California against the railroads
for an inefficient service in the transportation
of fruit direct attention once more to. an evil which
seems to affect every part of the Union. It appears
the railway managers have been so much occupied
during the .past year in reorganizing, the. roads, and.
manipulating stocks that they have • permitted the
equipments of the reads to run down, and conse
quently have been unable to handle the "traffic- of
fered them by the industries of the country.
Infcie East complaints of the lack of transportation
facilities have been frequent and insistent. Again and
again our exchanges have noted instances of large
factories refusing orders for work solely because they
could not get the railroads to haul their freight. In
one case a large coaling company in Virginia found
itself unable to supply even its regular customers
with coal, and as a "-esult something like a coal fam
ine was threatened over a wide district .of country.
So serious was the evil that it was reported the com
pany thought of applying to the Federal Government
to compel the railroads to furnish cars for its inter
state trade. •'■"':. * <A_
Many of our Eastern exchanges after investigating
the trouble have reached the conclusion that the
deficiency is due more to a lack of locomotives than
to a lack of cars. It, is said' that if the railroads had
engines enough to handle their traffic they could in
crease the rapidity of the movement of trains suf
ficiently to make the cars do double the service they
now do. That view seems to be confirmed by the
complaint of the orange growers, who among other
deficiencies of the service allege that in many cases
this season it has taken twenty-five days to transport
a car of oranges to New York and eighteen days to
Chicago, when the distance should have been covered
in less than half the time. It'is clear that if prompt
runs had been made the cars "might have been used'
twice or perhaps thrice in the time consumed in car
rying a single load to market.
It is not likely the roads will be caught next sea
son with so deficient an equipment as that which
they now have. The recent combinations, have prob
ably settled railroad organizations and control for
some years to come, and consequently the managers
will have more time 'to devote to the equipment of
the roads. Furthermore it has been noted that the
orders given for cars and locomotives have this year
been- extraordinarily targe. Next season, then, will
find all the roads with many more cars and loco
motives than they now possess. That fact, however*
will not help the shippers of this year. It therefore
behooves railroad commissions and others having au
thority to do what they can to urge the railroad man
agers to exert their utmost energies to supply the
needs of the time. '
Reports frorJi Great Britain are to the effect that
there would probably have been a congestion of
business along the main railway lines there but for
the adoption of electric trains to handle local trade,
thus leaving the heavy trains free to carry the
through traffic. The use of electric traction has'en
abled the British roads to keep light freights in al
most continuous movement, and a recent estimate
based on the service on the Midland Railroad of Eng
land is said to show that by doing away with infre
quent and heavy trains and maintaining frequent light
trains moving at an average speed of forty miles an
hour foF its entire traffic, the capacity of the road
could be practically doubled.
So successful have these experiments been that
it is believed by some experts that freight movement
by heavy, slow trains will soon be almost entirely
superseded by the continuous movement of light
trains. If that sanguine expectation be fulfilled the
orange growers will not have in the future any com
plaints to make on the score of delay in delivering
fruit to market. Certainly something will have to be
done. A railroad that requires twenty-five days to
haul oranges from California to New York is prac
tically worth very little more to the" fruit trade than
air ox train.
The very fact that the British military authorities
in South Africa are to abandon the concentration
camps is a proof that they have been found too de
structive to human life to be longer defended against
criticism; but the critics will now have a right to ask
why they were not abandoned before so much loss
of life occurred and before the criticisms became so
keen. j}
SUFFRAGE IN THE SOUTH.
TWO resolutions relating to the suppression of
the negro vote in several of the Southern States
are now before the House of Representatives.
One of these is the Crumpacker .resolution, Which
was introduced at the last Congress but not acted
upon. The Other, a resolution by Moody of Massa
chusetts, differs in many respects^from the Crum
packer resolution and is believed to be more likely
to obtain support from the Republican majority.
Either of them, however, will suffice to bring the
Southern arid the negro questions once more before
the country as matters of national politics, and con
sequently there are sure to be serious objections
from all who are opposed to a revival of sectional
issues unless it can be shown that they work an in
jury to the nation as a whole and that a definite and
effective remedy can be provided by Congress.
• The difference^ between the two resolutions is a
wide one. That of Mr. Crumpacker assumes that the
colored population in several of the Southern States
has been suppressed and proceeds to reduce the rep
resentation in Congress from those States in propor
tion to the disfranchisement of the population. ' The
Moody resolution is one of inquiry. It does not ac
cept the validity of the Southern suffrage acts, and
asks an investigation into their constitutionality. If
the acts be found invalid they will^be declared null
and void. ; If they be found to be valid Congress will
be asked to reduce the representation from those
States where disfranchisement prevails, in accord
with the provisions of the fourteenth amendment.
It is said the Southern members of Congress are
not at all afraid of the. Crumpacker bill. They are ■
sanguine it will not be supported by the whole body
of 'Republicans in the House, while it will be opposed
solidly by the Democrats. The Moody resolution,
on the other hand, they regard as dangerous. It will
bring up a on the constitutionality of the
Southern suffrage laws, and on that question not only
would .the "Republicans be united, but many North
ern Democrats would vote with them. In fact, one
Northern Democrat, Mr. Thayer of Massachusetts,
has already said: "The stupidity of the Southern
people in bringing the suppression of the negro vote
so squarely before Congress passes all bounds." He
holds that the Louisiana suffrage law, for example,
is unconstitutional and that the Supreme Court will
so decide. He for one, therefore, will not follow
the Southern lead.
.In the South .the new resolution has excited much
more discussion, than that of Mr. Crumpacker. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO '; CALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901.
prevailing opinion in that "section seems to be that
it would be better to lose representation in Congress
than to have the suffrage laws declared unconstitu
tional. Georgia, for example, has not disfranchised
negroes and would have nothing to lose in the way
of representation should it be determined to enforce
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment, and yet
the Atlanta Constitution says: "The critics of those
Southern -States, that have adopted the educational
qualification' may be sure of one thing — that those
States will not be driven from their convictions of
What is best by any threatened or actual. reduction of
representation in Congress."
Another view of s the case was presented by a
prominent business man of South Carolina, who,
when asked what he thought of a loss of represen
tation on the part of that State, replied. , "Our repre
sentatives are worth so little it would make no , dif
ference to the State if we lost all."
Whatever view be taken of the question/two
things are certain: First, that the constitutionality
of the various suffrage acts will have to be decided
by the Supreme Court and not by Congress; and*
second, that a. revival of/sectional or racial issues in
this country would be deplorable. Congress, there
fore,, might well wait for the decision of the Supreme
Court. It will then be. time' to act, and the issue
could be settled once and for all without' a prolonged
agitation. * ; '■' .
.There has been a scheme in New York to get Cor
nelius Vanderbilt to run against Perry Belmont for
Congress this • fall, but unfortunately it has fallen
through and the boys will not have the flush tinies
they expected when the campaign "opens.
ONCE more a returning Christmas season finds
the peace of the world more seriously dis
turbed by the British and the Boers than by
any other peoples. Our strife in the Philippines and
Russia's aggressions in- Manchuria seem as nothing
in comparison with the struggle in South Africa,
where two civilized aud Christian races are fighting
for supremacy. On each side there are earnest ad
vocates of' peace, but their voices are lost in the
shouts of the / combatants fighting on one side for
empire and on the other for national independence.
Lord Kitchener has not eaten his Christmas dinner
in peace, nor even in comfort. Dewet, Botha and
the other daring .and energetic leaders of the Boers
were never more active than now, and the British
commanders seem at last to have acquired about as
much activity as the Boers themselves. The sur-.
prises of the war are no longer all on one side., The
later reports contain almost as many accounts of
Boer laagers surprised by British troops as of British
outposts surprised by the Boers.
Since the contemptuous rejection of Kitchener's
proclamation calling upon them to surrender there
appears little probability of any yielding upon the
part of theBoers so long as any considerable number
of them are possibly able to keep the field. On the
other hand the- Chesterfield speech of Lord Rose
bery put an end to all hopes that a responsible Brit
ish statesman would undertake the task of restoring
peace by conceding self-government to the men
whom the British seem determined to treat as rebels.
Before Rosebery made his speech a strong section
of the Liberal party had met in convention at Derby
and adopted resolutions favoring the removal of Lord
Milncr frpm South Africa and the concession of vir
tual independence to the Transvaal and Orange Free
State. Had Rosebery taken the same course there
might have been a union of the Liberal party that
could have forced the Ministry to yield at least some
thing for peace. As it is, however, Rosebery remains
a leader without a following and the Liberals a party
without a leader. Practically there is no opposition,
and Chamberlain can go on his course unrestrained.
. It is a doleful Christmas for the men of both
armies. The frequency and the fierceness of the
skirmishes fought during this week show that neither
side feels any relaxation of the spirit of war. The.
fight increases in bitterness and threatens to become
something like a war which will end only by the
extermination of the weaker party. It is another il
lustration to the world that the price of empire is
high, but the strong nations will pay little heed to
the lesson.- It is to be a long time yet before men
will see the realization of peace on earth.
Up to date the claims for damage filed with the
Spanish Claims Commission amount to more than
$6o,ooo,ooo, so the talk about the surplus in the'
treasury may be premature after all.
LESSONS IN SAFE-CRACKING.
ANEW YORK newspaper recently published
an instructive lesson in the art of blowing
. open a safe with nitroglycerine, and the article
has been -promptly lepublished by the evening rail
road organ in this city. The lesson given is easy to
learn, for rot a single detail, of the operation is omit
ted. It explain* to the uninitiated just exactly at
what point a safe can be best attacked, what tools
to use, how to apply them, liow to introduce the
explosive and how to explode it so as. to leave the
safe open to the exploiter. .
The information contained in the article may be
needed by the readers of the New York paper, for
some of them may have been playing the lamb on
Wall street and cannot get their money back without
a resort to burglary. Just why the railroad organ
should republish it, however, • is not . clear, . for the
railroad itself does not have to resOrt to such crude
methods as safe-cracking in order to get other peo
ple's money, and it is not to the interest of the road
to teach the criminal element how to rob the rail
road safes. ;
In all seriousness the publication of such an article
is clearly against public morals. The article is writ
ten in such a way as to tempt persons of criminal ten
dencies to^esort to burglary by teaching them how
easily a safe can be. blown open. It is an instruction
in crime pure and simple. It might serve as a lesson
in a text book in a school for thieves. It will almost
certainly set some criminal to thinking of safe-crack
ing and probably to planning such an exploit. -The
danger, of such crimes is therefore much greater than
it was before the instructive lesson was published.
There is pfSrburse.no way to^ punish a paper that
thus publicly incites criminals to further crime by ex
plaining to.thenr how to commit it with success.
Public sentiment, however, may be able to reach the
editors of journals which publish such things and
convince them that they cannot: expect popular sup
port if they continue such publications. It is not
within the, rightful scope of journalism to teach* men
how to crack a safe any more than to teach them
how to commit murder and escape without detection.
ylt seems at last to be settled that Miss Stone is to
be lekased' and is to come homeland itgoes with
out-saying: the lecture bureaus are ~ getting ready to
do business with , her. . .;
BRITISH AND BOERS.
OLYMPIC CLUB PRESENTS SILVER
COLUMN TO JOHN D. SPRECKELS
AN innovation was established at
the Olympic Club yesterday after
noon. Through the efforts of the
board of directors and President
William Greer Harrison a secular
and sacred concert was arranged for the
club members and their lady friends, and
the occasion was taken advantage of to
present to John D. Spreckels a very hand-
Some testimonial of the club's apprecia
tion of a boon which has come from hi*
hands during the last seven years.
The programme, which was entirely mil- j
sical, was under the direction of Wallace j
A. Sabin. In the big gymnasium, d«*co- j
rated with buntings, greens and bunches j
of Christmas berries, the audience gath
ered and listened to the carols of the
choristers of St. Luke's, the splendid |
singing of Donald de V. Graham and Mrs.
M. E. Blanchard,' three solos on the piano
by Miss Huilahand the eloquence of Gen- j
eral Barnes. . On the stage were the offi- j
cers of the club and their, wives, Ciaus
Spreckels, W. G. Irwin. W. D. K. Gttwon,
Joseph Grant, Henry E. Hlghton, Judge
Hebbard, Professor Hengstler and other
prominent guests.
William Greer Harrison In a neatly
turned speech , introduced General
Barnes, who delivered the presentation
address. Unfolding the national colors
from the stiver piece that stood on a ta
ble near the speaker, the gift was ex
posed to view. It is of silver and stands
four feet one inch in height and weighs
325 ounces. I In form it is a graceful Co
rinthian column with . a base of twelve
panels. On one of these panels are em
bossed the arms and emblem of the club,
the remainder portraying athletic exer
cises both ancient and modern. They are
all exquisitely elaborated, showing ath
letes in the quick and action on field and
water. The. base upon which these pan
els rest is marine in character. The work
throughout is • all hand carved. On a
globe surmounting the column is a grace
ful figure of the modern type of athlete.
In his extended arm is a laurel wreath.
Accompanying this handsome piece of
silver is an album containing the auto
graphs, in alphabetical order, of the 1200
donors of the present. The album Is in
itself a work of art. It is bound in leath
er with filigree work of brass, after the
style of the fourteenth century, appliqued
upon it after special designs.
-The inscription on the silver column
reads:
Presented by the Olympic Club to John D.
Spreckels In recognition of his loyal and un
helflsh service In providing for the club Its
splendid salt water system. Christmas day,
1001.
General Barne3 in his presentation
speech told the reason of the gif c To Mr.
Spreckels the: Olympic Club owes its fine
supply of salt water. For seven years the
members of the Post-street athletic insti
tution • have been furnished ', with ocean
water and no charge has ever been made.
The graceful silver column stands as a
testimony of the , Olympic Club's appre
ciation for the kindness and consideration'
of one of Its fellow members.
Presentation by Barnes. . .
The presentation speech of " General
Barnes is as 'follows: '
' Among the interesting events of this Christ
mas commemoration is the public expression
of the grateful esteem of the Olympic Club for
a gentleman whose generous bread has been
cast upon the waters of the Pacific Ocean, and
which, ■ after seven years have glided by. he Is
about to« find again in the memorial It Is my
agreeable duty «to offer him on behalf of the
members of the Olympic. Club.". •',-'-•, 'j
if£*&SfiSSj$£I33fiffl9&9£Mlteall&IV9MKBIHlBB^ISH£^Li
There are many gymnasia and athletic
schools in the United States, but it is uni
versally conceded that of all these Institutions
this is the most complete — the best and the
most comfortable place for work and play in
the whole country, and It Is most of all dis
tinguished by Its equipment of fresh and salt
water for bathing purposes and for the stead
fast culture of the sentiment of personal clean
llneps, which Is the prototype of the higher
civilization. No unclean race was ever a great
race, and he Who regards not his body as the
temple of his soul is not fit to possess the one
cr perpetuate the other.. Four hundred year3
ago Francis Bacon in his great work on the
advancement of learning declared that "clean
ness of body was ever esteemed to proceed from
a due reverence to God." Two hundred years
later the great Methodist preacher. John Wen
ley, admonishing his flock, then, I fear, quite
Inclined to physical self-neglect., if one may
judge by the context of hW discourse, upon
the subject of "dress," uttered the. memorable
epigram which deserves to be engraved in let
ters of gold upon the face of the wall of the
Olympic baths: "Care of the body ia cer
tainly a duty and not a sin;, cleanliness is in
deed next to godliness."
And so, founding the observation upon this
text, we may say that the Olympic Club. If
not a church, is very near one.- and William
Greer Harrison, if not a reverend, is all* the
same revered.
History of the Company.
This splendid structure, devoted to athletic
training is, as I say, especially endowed, and
if only Lord Verulam and the great Methodist
could again cross the boundaries of death and
visit here they might' heartily congratulate
each other -that the" seed th?y sowed had come
to a glorious harvest.
I believe it is now about ten years since
the Olympic Salt Water Company was organ
ized. The. idea of supplying the public with
cheap salt water bathing, easy of access, .was
born of • the -active brain- of William dreer
Harrison. To the capital of the corporation
Messrs. John D. Spreckels and Adolph B.
Spreckels were the, principal subscribers, and
of Its shares they have always retained the
vast majority. This beneficent corporation ex
pended in the construction of its pumping plant'
and connections with the great bath house on
Larkin street more than -$500,000. This, es
tablishment has been an Infinite blessing to
the health of the public who frequent It and
an unmixed good to the neighborhood, whose
sewers Its exhausted waters perpetually flush
The Olympic Club at about the same time, for
certain legal reasons, organized an outside cor
poration and obtained from the Board of Su
pervisors a : salt-water franchise, % whlch It
proposed to transfer* to the Olympic Salt Water
Company in consideration of a perpetual supply
of salt water for bathing purposes. But, un
fortunately, it turned out, upon careful' in
vestigation, that the franchise so offered for
barter carried with It no power to the pur
chaser to collect tolls for any salt water which
might be sold. The agreement between the two
corporations was then clearly void for want
of consideration or, at' least, utterly ineffective
and without value, but that discovery made no
difference to John t>. Spreckels — hla word was
as good as his bond. He had promised the
water to the waiting swimmers of the Olympic
Club and he performed j his promise with re
ligious exactitude, not by way of sale, but by
gracious gift. For more thaa seven years his
, and his associates' pumping plant and pine
lines have the salty, glory of the Pa
cific Ocean and exhaled it* here, in infinite
freshness, with the saline scent of the seaweed
upon it, and in it the vigorous ozone of the
sea. More than 600.000.000 gallons of ocean
water have. In a constant tide that has known
no ebb, be«n delivered into the great bathing
reservoir of your gymnasium to your vast gain
but at a personal loss to Mr. Spreckels and his
brother of more than $100,000. and this costly
benefaction Is assured to you for the future as
long as the salt water company shall exist or
until the bed of the ocean shall be pumped
Cry. ... • . .
It is indeed most fitting" that the Olympic
ORATOR AND TESTIMONIAL HE
PRESENTED ON BEHALF OF
OLYMPIC CLUB TO JOHN D.
SPRECKELS.
Club should recognize on this day of universal
good win and kir.dly sentiment the great liber
ality and unselfishness of John D. Spreckels.
San Francisco has witnessed the descent of
numerous gigantic fortunes Into the out
stretched hands of many of Its citizens, but
there have been no other millionaires who with
quiet and unostentatious good will have done
so much for the health of the young men of
our city and made so little noise about it as
Mr. Spreckels.
With all my brart I congratulate the mem
bers of the Olyn.pic Club that It has found so
generous a friend, and I congratulate Mr.
Spreckels upon the pleasure which the beautiful
token presented to him to-day must always
bring.
It will adorn his home more than any
achievement of the painter's or sculptor's art,
and his children/ and his children's children,
as they look upon it. will be reminded of the
deep and grateful respect and affection with
which the members of the Olympic Club re
garded their father and grandfather.
John D. Spreckels Responds.
General Barnes' speech was punctuated
with hearty applause. At its conclusion
he extended, his hand to Mr. Spreckels,
who arose to thank the club for its ex
pression of good will, but General Barne3
had not yet finished. As a personal friend
of Mr. Spreckels he had yet a few words
to say. When the speaker sat down a
general handclapping followed. M^
Spreckcls responded as a fellow Olympiad
thanking the cJub members for their
handsome gifj and their kindly expres
sion. He said:
I heartily appreciate 'the gl« of the club anJ
the oratory of General Barnes. What I have
done would have been done by any other one
of you. I have always been fond of athletics
and what little I have done was from my own
desire and my best conviction to establish
something permanent for the Olympic Club. We
are all here as friends devoted to manly efforts
and clean aports. • To n»e this griff will repre
sent many a pleasant hour of good fellowship
which I have known in the Olympic Club.
Mr. Spreckels' response was warmly re
ceived. •
The musical programme continued after
the presentation and upon Its conclusion,
ladies, escorted by the club members,
were taken through the building. This
Christmas social innovation was voted a
general success.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. "Weil, a merchant of Sanger, Is regis
tered at the' Grand.
J. L. Bryson of the Gold Crown mine is
staying at the Grand.
Frank Lyman and wife of Sacramento
are among the arrivals at the Grand.
Charles B. Harris, United States Consul
a^ Nagasaki, Is staying at the Occidental.
Frank Longr. a mining man of Fvfiy.
Mont., Is among the arrivals at the
California.
Edward Stratton, Interested In the oil
business at BakersHeld, is a guest at the
California. ' ; ./. : • •
L. S. Alexander of Watsonville Is In the
city for a' few days and has made the Oc
cidental his headquarters.
A , CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Women have no originality — no Inven
tive genius."
"Nonsense: I've seen ray stenographer
make a memorandum with a hatpin on a
piece of soap when she had no paper
handy.".— Chicago Record-Herald.
— — — • «
•She-rl see, this paper has an article en
.titled "The Bee as a Barometer."
He — Well, I've known 'em to make a
, fellow's temperature go up, all right. —
j Yonkers Statesman.
j . m .
i Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townse&d'a*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsemr^ •
Gulllet'a New Year's extra mince pies ice
cream and. cake," 003 Larkin: phone East 198. •
Special : information supplied dally to
business houses and public men - by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 810 Lnt
gomery utreet. Telephone Main 1M2. •$?<a$v T is significant that in homes of wealth where
rj|P|I| the very-best is demanded, ivory Soap is
Wemf ■ usc * *» the nursery. , At the same time, in
■|Qg <» i ) hundreds of families wher£ economy decides
the choice, Ivory Soap is selected. ; Thus its purity
attracts the rich; its economy attracts the poor. High
quality and low cost : is there any better combination ?
. .COWMHTUMW THE M.OCTE. A CA«U CO. OhCMHUTI
TEAMSTER KILLS
HIS COMPANION
Beats Him With a Shovel
and Leaves Him Un
conscious.
Cornelius P. Williams ai:d Vivian Cow
an, teamsters, employed by Felix Gross,
413 Ninth street, had an altercation yes
terday afternoon in the stable of their
employer, and Williams struck Cowan on
the head with a shovol, inflicting injuries
from which Cowan uitd early this morn
ing.
The men after delivering: a load of coal
Bt the United States Marine Hospital
stopped on the way home at the residence
of Charles Williams, 34 Sheridan street.
There, according to the reports secured
by the police, they had a few glasses of
beer. While the Williamses were drink
ing Cowan drove olT with the team, re
lurr.ing to the barn. Later Williams fol
.ow>-d and met him as he was about to
-itave.
Words followed, and while they were
arguing Morty Kitznerala. an employe of
wie stablt. asKed tht-m to keep quiet. The
men apparently left and Fitzgerald went
into tne loft. He heard the sound of
blows, and coming down found Cowan
lying; cm the floor, bleeding from a num
ber of wounds on the head. Near Cowan
v.as a shovel covered with blood and on
it a quantity of hair. The police were
notified and Cowau was removed to th-2
Receiving Hospital. Williams was ar
rested and his name was placed on the
detinue book pending the result of
Cowan's injuries.
At the Central Emergency Hospital it
was found thac there were four lacerated
wounds on Cowan's head. Dr. Murphy
pronounced them very dangerous. Every
indication points to a fracture of the
skull. Cowan was placed in bed. He re
mained unconscious and died at 1 o'clock
Williams freely rela-ted the circum
ftanceb attending the difficulty, but
claims he struck the blows in self-de
fense. As Fitzgerald claims to have been
?way from the scene at the time, the
only statement the police have no far se
cured is the voluntary statement of Wil
liams, who will be held pending further
investigations by Detective Bell, who has
beer, detailed en the case.
The Very Latest Color Process
Eight Pages in Beautiful Colors
That are Pleasing' to the' Eye
MORE WOLFVBLLE
STORIES
MAJOR SAYRES' BATTERY
By*Alfred Henry Lewis ;
Illustrated by Ed Borein, the Cowpuncher Artist
Mammy Pleasant, The Woman
By Isabelle Fraser . .
The Reindeer Queen of Alaska
Voyage Tthe Cordelia Heaid
By Albert Dezendorf
Mary Mannering Talks of Her
New Play, "Graustark"
The Sunday Call Calendar for 1902
The Sunday Call Has the Literary
Magazine of the Coast. ;
ANGLO-AMERICAN
UNION UNLIKELY
Daily News of London
Takes Issue With
Stead.
LONDON, Dec. 25.— The Daily News this
morning, in an editorial discussing Stead'H
pamphlet on "The American Lion of the
World," admits that Mr. Gladstone's
prophecy that the United States would
replace Great Britain as the premier na
tion has been, on the whole, realized; but
It declares It to be utterly impossible that
Great Britain, as Mr. Stead extravagant
ly expresses it, should enter an Anglo-
American union except after a series of
disasters rendering separate existence im
possible. The paper considers any kind
of an Anglo-American federation equally
unlikely, owing to the Briton's Insatiable
love of caste. For the rest, It confesses
the enormous influence which the United
States wields over British colonies and
that a majority of Irishmen would vote
for federation with the United States.,.' -
The article further says It would be In
teresting to see what must happen If the
I,nlted States should drop its protection
ist policy and should offer to Jamaica, In
dia, or even Australia the immense bribe
of admission on reciprocal terms to their
vast, evtr-extending markets.
Suicide Ends the Love Affair.-
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 25.— Dolly
Quappo took a dose of carbolic acid and
died from Its effects this afternoon. She
loved Nell Pickerell, whom she believed
to be a boy. The Pickerell girl mas
querades in men's clothing and has won
the hearts of several susceptible girls.
The Quappe girl was a waitress. She
came here from Portland, where her
mother lives.
Quarrel Results in Three Deaths.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 25.— Three
negroes were killed near Wilmot yester
day as the result of a quarrel over a land
sale. Martin Davis and John F. Davis,
cousins, engaged in a fatal duel. Jame.4
Thompson, a friend of one of the dead
men. was subsequently shot and killed by
Arthus Davis, father of Martin Davis. Ar
thur Davis is in Jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901.
TWO MEN ROB
A LONE WOMAN
Footpads Hold Up Annie
Martin on Powell
- . Street.
Masked Highwaymen Oper
ate in the Shadow of a
Church.
In the shadow of the First Baptist
Church (colored) two masked footpads
perpetrated a daring hold-up on Christ
mas eve. They waylaid and relieved Miss
Annie Martin, who resides at 518 Powell
street, of $38, all the cash that she had
in her purse, and a bank book containing
notes to the amount of 51000. The robbery
was immediately reported to Lieutenant
Birdsall, but the footpads had made their
escape and the police could find nothing
of them. - »
When the holdup occurred Miss Martin
was on her way home. The footpads,
both of whom wore masks that concealed
their features, sprang out from' their hid
ing place and confronted the frightened
lady with a pistol. From the deliberate
manner in which the robbers performed
their work the police are of the opinion
that they are professional -footpads. After
having relieved Miss Martin of all the
money which she had, the highwaymen
took to their heels and made good their
escape. At the time of the holdup there
were no people on Powell street to whom
Miss Martin could have appealed for as
sistance. •' - * • :
Lieutenant Birdsall reported the hold
up toyCaptain Seymour yesterday and he
detailed two men to search for the foOt
pads. Notwithstanding the fact that the
robbers wore heavy masks, Miss Martin
was able to give a very good description
of them. A notice hag been sent to the
bank in which Miss Martin has her
money deposited instructing the man
agement not to honor the checks that the
robbers secured.
EXPRESSMAN COMMITS
SUICIDE IN A BARN
Charles Steinway Hangs Himself
While Suffering From an At
tack of Melancholia.
Charles Steinway, an expressman whose
headquarters were at the corner of Sut
ter and Stockton street, committed suicide
last night by hanging himself in a stall
at J204 Webster street. He was 45 years
of age. For some time past he has been
complaining and frequently took days off
from his work. He was suffering from
melancholia and drank heavily. Yester
day he complained of being worse.
It is not known at what hour of the
evening Steinway hanged himself. The
body was cut down about midnight by
Special Officer Harvey. The barn in which
the body was found belongs to William
Both. The expressman left a note written
in a foreign language. ».
Wanted in Shelbyville.
Sheriff Thomas S. Miner of Shelbyville,
111., arrived in the city yesterday with the
papers for the extradition of - Tony Bar
ker, who was arrested at . the Presidio
about a week ago by Detective Reynolds
and has been kept in the guard houso
since. Barker was tried and convicted at
Shelbyville November 27 on charges of
burglary and larceny and escaped from
the courthouse. The Sheriff learned that
he had enlisted in the army for the Phll»
Ipplnes at Sioux City and had gone to tho
Presidio here. The Sheriff wired Captain
Seymour and Barker's arrest followed. He
will be taken back by the Sheriff.
Dinners for City's "Wards.
The 580 patients and employes at the
City and County Hospital enjoyed a
sumptuous turkey dinner yesterday.
The menu was got up under the su
pervision of Dr. Maher and supplied by
Commissary Maguire out of the surplus
of the regular allowance.
A similar spread was laid before the %1
inmates of the Almshouse.
Held for Investigation.
Sergeant Duke of the Seventeenth
street station arrested two men yesterday
and placed '.neir names on the detinue
book pending investigation. The police
believe that the men who are under ar
rest have had a hand in the many burgla
ries that have been committed lately in
the Mission district.
WOEK OF ASSOCIATED
KINDERGARTENS IS TOLD
Oakland Society Issues Tear Book,
Showing What Has Been Ac
complished.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The Associated
Kindergartens of Oakland have just
Issued the first annual year book, in which
the good work of the organization is told
in Interesting facts and figures. Included
In the association are five Oakland kin
dergartens, the enrollment for each of
which is as follows:
Central, 90; Good Will, 77: West Oak
land, 152; Kast Oakland, 73; and North
Oakland, €6, making a total of 437.
• During the year ending June 30 dona
tions to the amount of $203 were received
and $137 67 was disbursed.
The officers of tho association nre:
Mr». F. M. Smith, president; Mrs. Henry
Walsworth, first vice president; Mm. J. B.
Rlcharduon, second vice president; Mrs. C, 11.
Parcella. third vice president; Mrs. 0. A.
Brcwister, fourth vice president; Mra. Warren
Olnoy Jr., recording secretary; Mm, W, 13,
Hale, correupondinu necretary; Mm. li. l;.
Beck, treamirer: MIm Ornoe Harnard. nupervl
■or; 1'r. Anna M. Small, medical advlaer.
One of the objects of the society \n to
Nocure the adoption of thu kindergarten
system by tho public *ehool«.
Faculty Men to Spenk.
BEUKISI'KY, Doe. 25.— Thu thlnl annual
rn«'ttnR of tho riilloloRtonl A«»oclatlon of
tho Pnclflo Count will be hold at tho Mark
IIopklnH IiiKtltutc of Art in Sun l-'ran
cIhco, cuminvnclnir to-morrow. StwalonH
will bo hold on that day at 2:30 nml 8 p.
m.: on l-'rliluy-ui 0:30 a. in. and 2:30 p. m.
and on Saturday nt tho sumo hour*. Mem
bers of the University of California fac
ulty will reud pnprro a« follow?:
Profepnor E. 13. Clapp, "Hiatus In Pin
dar"; Prnfopnor A. V. Langc. "Some
Notes on the Sources of Delaticy's Gontlo
Art": Professor C. M. Gaylc-y. "Fresh
Light on Henry Porter, a Neglected but
Important Elizabethan Dramatist"; Dr.
H. \V. Preseott, "Two German Parallels
to the Daphne Myth."
Funeral of George Robertson.
BERKELEY, Dec. 25.— The funeral of
the late George Robertson, the father of
G. M. Robertson,* the railroad attorney
who resides In this city, will be held Fri
day at 2:30 o'clock from St. Mark's Epis
copal Church. The family is as yet unde
cided whether to, ship the body to the de
ceased'3 home In Georgia for Interment or
to Inter here. Mr. Robertson was 80-years
of age and had come here from Georgia
two years ago for his health. He leaves
a wife and several "children.
Negro Stabs Fellow Laborer.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Fred Thompson,
colored, became intoxicated last night and
when he arrived at his home in. the Em
eryville race track early this morning at
tacked Henry Alles, a white fellow labor
er, with a knife. He inflicted three slight
wounds before Alles made his escape
Alles' wounds were dressed at the Receiv
ing Hospital. No arrests 1 have been made.
Burglar in a Shoe Store.
HAYWARDS. Dec. 25.— M. Olsen, pro
prietor of a shoe store on B . street
caught a burglar last night In his shop-,
but before Olsen coyld secure assistance
the thief escaped through the front doer.
Nothing was stolen. ! •
DETROIT, Dec. 25.— Nettle House, a 16
year-old girl, drank the .contents of a bottli
of Btrychnlne to-day while standing at- a pa
trol box with an officer who had taken her
out . of a saloon a few minutes) before and
placed her' under arrest. She^dled . a short
time later in the Emergency Hospital.
I I When you decide to try "Turkish," smoke I I
ii to begin on. They are made 1 1
|J of pure Tur&ish tobacco of I I
I I such excellent quality that 1 I
ii you can determine by them 1 1
1 I whether you liKe " Turkish " I I
10c for 10 S * ANARGYROS, j j
| • *"^»*"* *V« Manufacturer of the famoas Egyptian "Deities Cigarettes. || — S
FIGHT HASTENS
MAN'S DEMISE
W. J. Harrison, an Ex-
Convict, Dies Prom
Tuberculosis.
An ex-convict known to the police as
William J. Harrison, alias W. J. Elwood,
alias W. M. Williams, alias W. J. Wal
ters, alias W. Watson, who was in ttitj
last stages of consumption, had a fight
with Annie Bassett, a habitue of the Bar
bary Coast, with whom he lived, yester
day morning In Vallejo place, and he died
a few minutes later. The woman was
arrested and will be held pending the re
sult ol the Coroner's Inquest.
The woman's statement made to Captain
Seymour was In effect that Harrison
knew she had some, dimes and- wanted
them. She had them in her hand and he
made a grab for them. She put them in
her mouth and he struck her on the jaw
and arms. She grabbed him by the lapel
of his coat and threw him. to the ground.
He got up, staggered in the direction of
the .Louisiana lodging house, where they
lived, fell on the steps of a house beforo
he reached there and expired.
The body was removed to the Morguo
and on autopsy allowed that death was
due to tuberculosis, hastened, probably,
by tho excitement of the tight with the
woman,'.
Harrison, who is eald to have been of
a Rood family, htul a long' criminal rec
ord. Ha v.iih about 49 yearn of age, and
was first nentonced on April 19, 14(79, to
one yenr in tho House of Correction for
burglary, September 20, 1SS0, ho got two
yearn in the County Jnll for nnxnult with
r\ rtendly weapon; November 5. U*5, ha
Kot three month* for potty hiroeny; Juno
in, ISSil, p\s ytmrn in 8nn Quontln for grand
lun-eiiy; Jim.- iM. 1MU2, ttvu months tor
petty mrcony, and Hoplumber 20, 1S1C,
Hoven nntl n half yearn In Folnom for
Kriuirt larceny. Uo wiih also arrested nu
merous tlmtH for hultury, vagrancy and
illMllllhlliK till' |ir»tct>.
Crushed Under a J.-reig-ut Train.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 25,-Poter
Helming, n native* of Russia, was killed
to-dny by n railroad nccldcnt on tho
Southern Pucltlc near Lomn Linda. Zol
mlnK wnn boHtlng his way on a freight
train. The train was dcrnlled nnd Jfiel
mlng was crushed to death. . •
RIOTING SOLDIERS GATHER,
Continued from Page One.
posite Anderson's saloon the row became
fiercer and further damage was done to
property. Then came the tardy assist
ance of the military, which joined forces
with. the police to drive the soldiers back
into the post. £??:';;:;.■'
Troops Called to Arias.
Colonel Rawles, commander of the post,
was informed of the riot by Lieutenant
Rice, officer of the day, soon after the
light became general. ,A call to arms was.
then ■ given and two companies ' of the
Twenty-seventh Infantry and detach
ments of cavalrymen and artillerymen
were sent out to quell the disturbance.
Provost guards were established and for
the time the peaceful Presidio was trans
formed into a scene of war.
The companies marched out to the scene
of the riot and the .soldiers were then
driven back of the fence that marks the
boundary of the reservation. Here they
collected, still fuming from the engage
ment and their Christmas drinks. On the
other side of the fence the soldiers hoot
ed and yelled and howled. The noise
could be heard for blocks, and many min
utes elapsed before they were dispersed.
Orders were given, out last night that
no one should leave the reservation
whether a pass had been issued or- not.
The turmpil was so great that at a late
hour- last night the residents in the
neighborhood had not yet recovered from
their scare. JlliWity<tfilBtoM«|iW3BiiBMB
HOLIDAY SHOWS
DRAWING WELL
"Charley's Aunt" at Al
cazar One of Season's
Successes.
Mary Mannerlng, presenting the dra
matic version of "Janice Meredith," is a
strong attraction at the Columbia Thea
ter. The charming actress In the title
role of this play has won the hearts of
all playgoers who have thus far wit
nessed her performance. The piece Is ex
cellently staged and the company appear
ing in the various roles is entitled to no
small amount of commendation for ex
cellent work. "Janice Meredith" tells a
tale of Revolutionary times and is full
of action and pretty sentiments. Miss
Mannerlng invests the role of Janice with
no small amount of charm and Interest.
There will be matinees on' Saturdays and
New Year's day.
Miss Mannerlng is to appear for tho
first time In the stellar role of "Camllle".
at a special matinee to be given at the
Columbia on the afternoon of Thursday
next, January 2. The cast will be se
lected from nmong the members of tho
"Janice Meredith" company and will In
clude among others Robert Drouet, H. 8.
Northrup, Cnrl 4h.rendt, Charles Cherry.
Mrs. K. A. Kberle' nnd Amy Kicard.
"Charley's Aunt," nt the Alcnanr Thea
ter, la one of tho beat holiday entertain
ments of Uu> HeitHoii. Ahvuy* funny, tho
Hiinp nnd vim of the Alcnsar company,
who enter Into It* coinlcftlltUiH with inuuh
Kest, inul'.e the plecn oin« lung lr.iiKli from
ht'KlnnliiK to end. Kvery on« hi the cunt
Ih woll piacod, nml tho audiences have so
far been of tho largest. «;
Tlit- Grand Opora-houno linn an nttrae
tlvo bill In "Cannon," with Aim* .Minnie
H.-llnnmn In the tltio role. It In the
HtrougeHt work MIsh Bcllgmnn hna donu
since her eiiKngGment nt the Grand Op
em-hou»e, nntl tho company does fairly
well In support. A feature of tho bill Is
the Incidental munlc, Delected from the
opera. Thurfc In nl«o n inking specialty,
cleverly Introduced, In the national
dunces of the two children. Rose and
Jennnetto. Next week Mlsa Sellgman will
appear In "A Lady of Quality," by Fran
ces Hodgson Burnett and Stephen Town
send. -
The Tlvoll has a charming holiday en
tertainment in "Little Red Riding Hood,"
Just the thing for the little folks and big
folks,, too. It is being -strengthened with
every performance. New songs and Jests
are added almost every night and the
show is kept Up to- the mark in every
way. Arthur Cunningham, he of the
•melodious barytone, has a comical new
ditty this week yclept "How the. Irish
Beat the Band," that is going to be quite
popular. "Little Red Riding Hood" will
hold the boards for many weeks to come,
judging by its drawing power.
* • •
The Central Theater, with "The Silver
King," Is pleasing large audiences at the
uptown . house. The popular melodrama
is excellently cast and exceptionally well
staged/ There are also a number of good
specialties included in the bill. Next
week "The Two Sisters" will be put on.
The Orpheum Road Show is attracting
crammed houses at every performance.
There is a wealth of good things on the
bill.- Joe Welch,. the king of monologists,
convulses his audiences nightly; Beatrice
Murray charms in her songs and stories,
and Mclntyre and Heath give one of the
cleverest black face acts on the stage.
The Gatling gun drill is a unique act and
impressive to the end. It should not be
missed. W. C. Fields juggles with much
skill and originality; the Serenaders do a
pretty turn, and Macomber and Engleton
in a funny, travesty and Agios, a
clever balancing trio, complete the excel
lent bill.
• • *
"The Devil's Auction," at the Calif or-
nfa. is delighting its audiences with its
effective spectacular features. It is
brought fully up to date, and new bal
lets, specialties and mechanical and elec
trical features considerably strengthen
the popular extravaganza.
On Sunday evening BUck Patti and her
troubadours come.
Professor A. J. Topping, Eleanor Jen
kins, Otto T. Johnson. Lamar and Hall,
Coleman and Mexis. Elizabeth Nella, the
Paloma Quartet -and Hinrichs' Orchestra
are the clever people who contribute this
week to Fischer's good holiday bill.
There Is a Christmas tree with presents
for all the child visitors at the Chutes
and Zoo this week, and the amateurs in
a Christmas party is to-night's special at
traction.
Arrested for Burglary.
Charles Johnson, who gives his occupa
tion as a miner, was arrested early yes
terday morning in a room at 23 Turk
street by Policemen Juel and Coleman and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. The porter discovered Johnson
in a room occupied by G. Sandegren of
* JU If 'UUUWJJU^'wa.mi u.m_i ■PLW-LBf.wiii wm-mjli juljiwb — lj m urn *^im^^^mmm^ml^^^^
of piaivos^^ |&5
W@*b?© closing o\it
j tlie styles ojf l^Ol
a You don't care if the case of your piano is a little out of fash-
I You see, within the past six months colonial effects have come
I into such prominence that the styles of the spring of iooi are no j ;
8 more in demand.
I The instruments, of course, arc the same— it is only in the case.
R You will save from $100 up on any piano in this lot you /
| Among them are Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Lester, Hamilton and
I All prices and reductions are marked in plain figures— cash or
I 3IO-3I2 Post St.SJC
1130 Eddy street and notified the officers.
When they reached the scene Johnson had
put Sandegren's clothes into a parcel and
was leaving the room with It. Sandegren
was asleep when the officers arrived.
CASBCB0Y BELIEVED OF
A TAILOR-MADE SUIT
Successful Trick Flayed by a Han
by the Use of a Pretended
Message.
R. Itoden, a cash boy employed In J.
O'Brien & Co.'s store, 1146 Market street,
was standing: in front of the store
Wednesday night about 7 o'clock with a
parcel In his possession when a man ap
proached asking him to take a message
to a man named Gordan at the Windsor
Hotel. The man gave the boy 25 cents,
and. taking the parcel from him, -said:
"I'U hold this till you return."
The boy -went to the hotel and delivered
the note. When he returned the man and
the parcel had disappeared. The parcel
contained a lady's black tailor-made suit
and was addressed to Mrs. Davey, 473
Douglass street.
78
CHRISTMASTIDE SPORTS AND MERRY SOCIAL PASTIMES
MARK THE GAY FESTIVITIES OF THE HOLIDAY SEASON
SAN FRANCISCANS ENJOY AN IDEAL
DAY AT THE CITY'S PLEASURE RESORTS
Park and Ocean Beach Are Crowded With Merrymakers and
Theaters Are Filled to the Doors — Many Residents
Take Advantage of Fine Weather to Visit in the Country
1DKAL weather and prosperity were
the means of making the celebration
of Christmas, 1901, long to be remem
bered by the residents of this city
and vicinity. It was a day of glad
ness. Even the poor were not forgotten,
fts they were invited to partake of a din
ner spread by the Salvation Army.
The tired salesmen and women who
•worked incessantly for the past month
were given a much needed holiday. All
the stores were closed, and only places
•where refreshments are sold were open.
In the afternoon the various theaters
gave matinee prformances, and the play
houses were crowded. In the evening re
served seats were at a premium. What
with private dinners, entertainments of
all kinds and social affairs the people of
this city spent a delightful day. The
baseball games in the morning and after
noon attracted large crowds. The race
track at Emeryville contained thousands
of visitors, and other sports were liber
ally patronized.
The park was crowded in the afternoon
with pleasure-seekers. Eevery car on
route to the Cliff House was uncomfort
ably filled, and the beach was crowded
with people who enjoyed sunbaths. '
Many people took advantage of the
weather to go into the country and spend
a. quiet Christmas day with their friends.
Trains and boats carried thousands out
cf town. No accidents of note marred the
pleasures of the day.
MAYOR-ELECT SCHMITZ
ASSISTS AT BENEFIT
He Adroitly Brings Voices and Or
chestra Together in the Beauti
ful Anthem "America."
There was no uncertain strain in the
outburst of enthusiasm which greeted the
appearance of Mayor-elect Schmitz in the
musical director's chair last night at the
Lincoln Monument League benefit given
at Odd Fellows' Hall. The Mayor-elect
chose "America" for the opening number
I The High Standard of §
I Hunter f
Baltimore Rye
I t
% is the result of \
| Se'ected Rye, I
I Careful Distillation, J
| Thorough Aging.
\ CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO.. 2
> Inc. 223-225 California St., San Fran- X
> dec©. Cal. Telephone Main 873. A
SCOTS WHO PLAYED YESTER
DAY ON THE PARK BOWL
ING GREEN.
and with the first impressive notes the
members of the audience rose from their
seats and heartily and patriotically sang
with the orchestra. It was a spontaneous
outburst, and Mr. Schmitz, touched by
the situation, faced the audience and vig
orously brought voices and orchestra to
gether in rousing harmony. It 'was a
triumph in national chorus. The Mayor
elect telt so and the- audience realized it.
At the conclusion the applause was deaf
ening and the Mayor-elect cannot soon
forget the ovation.
Mr. Schmitz had promised to direct his
own new composition, "The American
Citizen March." He did so, and another
volley of applause awaited him upon his
taking his seat in the conductor's chair
and on the conclusion of the spirited
march. Indeed, so delighted was the
audience with the composition that its
repetition was demanded. The dramatic
part of the programme was given by pu
pils of the Caldwell College of Oratory
and Acting and the Robert Downing In
stitute of Dramatic Art. The play chosen
for the occasion was "The Tigress," in a
prologue and four acts. It was capably
acted and without exception the ladies
and gentlemen taking part showed not
only intelligence, but remarkable dra
matic aptitude.
The following named were prominent
in the drama: Caroline Flanders, Thomas
Graham, Ernst Vincent, Herbert Morris,
Charles Wilson, Louise Saxton. Ethel
Farley, Jack Woolson, Walter Miller, J.
Morris Foster, E. J. Bender. Harriet Jean
Brown, Emily Ross and Master Arden
Saxton.
SCOTS PLAY AT "BOOLS."
Team of Oaklanders Defeats San
Franciscans on Park Green.
Sixteen members of the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club had a grimly
merry time for several hours yesterday
playing at the time-honored game of
bowling out on the green sward near the
baseball game ' in Golden Gate Park.
Eight of them were grouped under the
team name of "Oakland," because all
were residents of the town at the other
end of the ferry run. The other .eight
were the "San Franciscos." Two "rinks"
were played and Oakland won them both,
scoring a total of 43 points to San Fran
cisco's 27. San Francisco got " fifteen
points in the first "rink" ana twelve in
the second.
The green is not yet ln condition to suit
the members of the new club, for instead
of the perfect surface they -were used to
on the bowling greens ln the old country
the park lawn presents a succession of
corrugations and little hillocks that keep
the players guessing and interfere sadly
with the most skillful calculation of force
and direction and the amount of "green"
to give the bowl.
But if the sward was not the most sat
isfactory the accent was in the pink of
condition, and many a bowl that appa
rently meant to circle wide of the "jack"
after an erratic course over the green
was coaxed into point-winning position bv
the very richness of the braw Scotch that
the bowler or the leader used to coddle it
The old game is very different from the
one played with so much stage thunder
Jn the alleys. There are no* pins to be
bowled over and no alley to be followed
by the bowl. The green is 12C feet long,
and a white bowl, called the "jack," Ts
rolled across the sward by a team leader.
It must come to rest between the 80- foot
line and the end of the green. Then the
members of teams follow in turn, aiming
to hit the "jack" with their bowls or to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901.
leave them near the "jack," as each bowl
a side has nearer the white one than any
of the opponent's bowls scores a point.
The bowls themselves are built on a plan
to make any one but a Scotchman think
that his Christmas has been too merry.
They are turned with circles on them,
and instead of being perfectly round
there is a bulging portion that makes the
bowl curve after it has rolled a certain
distance across the sward. The curve be
comes greater as the speed decreases, un
til the bowl is making circles somewhere
near the "jack" before it finally comes
to rest. ..
The Oakland team was composed of
Hugh Forgie, Dr. A. T. Crawford. An
struther Dalziel, James Hutchinson,
James Orchison, James P. Taylor, James
Moir and Robert Dalziel. The last named
scored ten points, the highest individual
score.
The San Francisco team consisted of
Joseph Gray, Wallace Cook, John Mc-
Laren, J. C. Moffat, John D. Robertson,
David Dalziel, Andrew Wllkie and An
drew McNair. . ,
Bowling was continued until late in the
afternoon. Among those playing after
the match game were Y. C. Lawson, John
Reid. Robert Park. J. C. Moffat, Andrew
McNair, Joseph Gray and Robert Dal
ziel.
Christinas at the Eoanoke.
Christmas night was spent in a de
lightful fashion at the Roanoke on Bush'
street. After dinner a reception was held
by Mrs. Morris, the proprietor, and her
two charming daughters, after which a
Christmas tree was unveiled and Santa
Claus, in the person of Dick Wise, dis
tributed an appropriate present to each
of the guests. A beautiful, musical pro
gramme was rendered, the principal par
ticipants being Mrs. Laselle, Miss Gilbert
and George H. Richardson.
ZOUR MILLION DOLLARS
A RAILROAD WILL SPEND
Cut-Off Line in the TTorthwest Coun-
try to Be Built Early Next
Year.,
TACOMA, Dec. 25.— The bringing of the
Northern Pacific and Great Northern rail
roads under one control will not prevent
early building by the former of the pro
posed cut-off between Ellensburg and
Llnd, in Central Washington. By this
new line, 110 miles long, the main line
will be shortened ninety-nine miles," be
sides giving a better grade than the pres
ent roundabout line, which runs south
ward to North Yakima and then turns
northward to Ellensburg.
Surveys for the cut-on* were finished
this summer, and surveyors have just
been eent out to finish the work of cross
sectioning it. The traffic of the Northern
Pacific has become so heavy In lumber,
shingles and wheat, that a large saving
can be made on the much shorter haul
which the cut-off will afford.
While the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company hauls Eastern Washington
wheat down the 1 Cohimbia River water
grade to Portland, the Northern Pacific
is handicapped by its present roundabout
line, together with the necessity of haur
ing grain over the mountains. This is
largely offset by securing its own coal at
Rosslyn at a cost of less than $1 per ton,
while coal costs the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company more than double
this price. The advantage will be largely
in the' Northern Pacific's favor after the 1
Lind . cut-off is built. Its cost will be
$4,000,000. Everything indicates that work
will commence early next; spring.
OVERTURNED BOAT TELLS
STORY OF TRAGEDY
Tather and Son Are Believed to Have
Been Drowned Near Santa
Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 25.— In the
channel on comparatively smooth water
a small boat containing Frank -Dowler
and his son Ralph was capsized this aft
ernoon. Both men are supposed to have
been drowned.
Ralph, who was engaged in the oil drill
ing business at Plru.came here to spend
Christmas with his parents, and to-day
he and his father went on a fishing expe
dition to try a new boat which! the father
had recently built. On their non-appear
ance at a late hour this afternoon a
searching party was organized.. The boat
was found bottom-up about three miles
from shore. The bodies have not been re
covered.
BASEBALL STARS
DIVIDE HONORS
Eastern Teams Each Win
on Recreation Park
Diamond.
Nationals Capture Fastest
Game of the Winter
.Series. "
The Nationals and ;the All-Americas
each; won .a game of baseball yesterday
at Recreation Park. The morning game,
which was won by the Nationals by a
score of 3 to 2, was one of the fastest anl
cleverest gaines of the season. It was
witnessed by 200 spectators. In the after
noon 4000 admirers of the game saw the
All-Americas - win by a score of 5 to 2.
The playing did not approach that of the
morning in quality. ..■:•. /■& !
Waddell was in the box for the Alt-
Americas in the afternoon and only three
hits were secured off his delivery. He
struck out only two men, which Is away
below his average in previous games. It
is possible he is suffering from "writer's
cramp," as he has '.been, working overtime
recently signing contracts for next sea
son. ■ >
"Sandow" Mertes was the hero of the
afternoon game. With two men out in
the third inning he sent the ball over
the center field fence for a home run.
The Nationals scored their second and
lust run In the fourth inning.
Lee, the first man up, was safe at first,
as Davis took: his foot off the -bag in
reaching for the ball. He went to sec
ond on a passed ball and made third on
a wild pitch. He scored on the throw-in
of Steinfeldt's fly out near the flagpole in
center field.
The All-Americas did their scoring in
two innings. In the first they scored one
run. . Umpire McDonald had three close
decisions to render, each r time calling the
runner safe. Beckley and his men stop
ped the game to object to the decisions,
which were not changed. Barrett, the
popular center fielder, was the man who
scored. Pickering, the first man ups hit
to the pitcher -and was safe at fir^t. Bar
rett also hit to pitcher. The ball was
fielded to Mertes at second to shut off
Pickering, but Sandow dropped it. Pick
ering then played too far otf the base and
was put out, Barrett making his way to
second station on the play. Mercer hit
•to Mertes and beat the ball to first, Bar
rett going to third. Lajoie hit to second,
forcing Mercer out and bringing Barrett
home. Davis flew out, retiring the side.
The All-Americas bunched tneir hits in
the sixth, sending four men home. Bar
rett led off with a single. Mercer secured
another. Lajoie followed with a clever
sacrifice, advancing his team mates. Da
vis sent the ball out to Carr in right field.
He misjudged the flight of the ball and
Davis was safe at third before it was re
turned to the field. Barrett and Mercer
scored. Irwin's two-bagger scored Davis
and Irwin came home from second on
Sullivan's single.
There were two j unusual plays during
the afternoon. In. the fourth Irwin tried
to reach home from third on a foul fly to
the catcher, but did not succeed.
In the second, with "McHale at the bat
and the bases clear, Waddell commenced
to deliver the ball, but overbalanced him
self and held the ball. The umpire called
it. a "balk," and McHale was given his
There will be no game to-day, but the
same teams will meet again to-morrow
and. Saturday. The score of the after
noon game: -.
NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f... 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hulen, 3b .'...3 1 1 0 2 0 0
Mertes, 2b .4 0 1 0 3 4 1
Chance, c 2 0 0 0 4 2 t>
Lee, p? 4. ■ 1 0 0 0 3 1
Beckley, lb.... 3 0 1.0 70 0
Stelnfeldt, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
McHale, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Carr, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals '.2S ~2 ~3 ~0 24 11 ~3
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering. 1. f.. i 0 1 0 0 0 0
Barrett, c. f ..3 2 1 1 6 0 0
Mercer, r. f 4 1.2 0 0 0 0
Lajoie, 2b 3 0 O 0 6 4 0
Davis, lb 4 1 2- 0 10 .0 1
Bradley, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 11
Irwin, s. s 4 1 1 0 1 5 1
Sullivan, c... 3 0 1 0 3 2 1
Waddell, p.< 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 1 32 5 9 1 27 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Nationals 0 0 1 1 0 0 0.0 0—2
Base hits....... 0 0 10 0 0 0 1 1—3
All-Americas 1 0 00 0 4 0 0 ••— 5
Base hits ;.. 20020500 • — 0
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Waddell 1,- Lee 5.
Home run — Mertes. Three-base hit — Davis.
Two-base hit— Irwin. Sacrifice hits — Beckley,
Lajoie, Barrett. First base on errors— All-
Americas 3, Nationals 2. First base on called
balls — Nationals 5. Left. on bases — All-Ameri
cas 5. Nationals 6. Struck out — By Waddell
2, by Lee 2. Double plays — Irwin to Lajoie to
Davis; Irwui to Lajoie to Davis; Chance to
Mertes. Passed balls— Sullivan 2. Balk—Wad
dell. Wild pitch — Waddell. Time of game —
1 :35. Umpire^ — McDonald. ' Official scorer —
Harry Cashman. .
Morning Game Is Fast.
The morning game was one of the pret
tiest exhibitions of baseball- seen here
this season. The . Nationals won by a
score of 3 to 2. It was one of the fastest
games of the year, requiring only one
hour and twenty minutes to complete the
nine innings. Schmidt was in the box
for the Nationals and pitched great ball,
showing what he can do with good sup
port. Carr accepted four difficult chances
in right field. .,
Frank Chance, the catcher, was twice
hit by a pitched ball, and each time it
was thought he was disabled. The score:
NATIONALS. -j
AB.K. BH.SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f . . . . 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Lee; 1. f 3 000 1 0 0
Mertes, 2b..... 4 lv 0 0 2 1 0
Chance, c ...2 110 2 0 0
Beckley. lb. . 3 0 1 0 12 0 0
Steinfeldt. s. u.. 4 0 1 0 2 4 0
McHale. 3b 4 0 10 2 3 0
Carr, r.f 3 0 1 040 0
Schmidt, p.. .4 0 10 0 4 0
Totals ......31 3 8 0 27 12 0
ALL-AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH.SB. PO. A. B.
Pickering, ■ 1.' f.....V4 0 10 1 0 0
Barrett, c. f. ....... 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Fraser, r. f... 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
La Joie,. 2b......... 3 1 10 2 40
Davis, lb... 3 0 1 . 0 10 1 2
Bradley, 3b ...4 0 10 1 2 0
Irwin. a. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Sullivan, c ..;.... 4 11 0 6 1 0
Mercer, p........ 2 0 1 1 15 1
Totals. 32 2 7 1 27 19 a
. RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Nationals . . . ; . . .. .;i 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0—3
Base hits ... 111 02101 1—8
All-Americas 0 . 0 0 0 10 0 0 1—2
Base hits ....... <T-1 . 0 0 ,2 10 1 2—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Schmidt 2, Mercer 1.
Two-base hits — Carr, Sullivan. Sacrifice hits —
Carr. Beckley. First base on errors — Nationals
■ 1; First base on called balls — Nationals 2,
All-Americas 1. Left on bases — Nationals ' 7,
All-Americas 5. Struck out — By Schmidt 1. by
Mercer 4.- Hit by pitcher — Chance 2, La Joie,
Davis. ~" Double. . plays — McHale to Beckley;
Steinfeldt to Beckley. Time of game — One
hour and 20 minutes. Umpire — McDonald..
Official scorer— Harry Cashman.
THEREBY LATEST COL-
OR PROCESS. Eight Pages/
in Beautiful Colors that . are
pleasing to the eye. /
RIO SHANNON, A 15 TO 1 OUTSIDER,
TAKES THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP
Jockey Lee Jackson Gives the Long Shot a Perfect Ride,
Beating Vesuvian Handily at the Finish— Entries of
(3reen Morris Out of Luck— Holiday Crowd Hit Books
RIO SHANNON, piloted by Lee
Jackson, and 15 to 1 in the bet
ting; furnished the sensational
feature : at Oakland yesterday by
capturing the rich Christmas
handicap. - Favorites divided honors with
long shots, , the' twenty-four books were
bombarded and battered out of all shape,
and what' more could an immense holiday
gathering wish for? When Sidney Bender,
the plunging talker,, told his friends in
New Orleans he found no sunshine in Cal
ifornia while here, he must have resided
in a basement and labored at night. More
perfect weather could not be found. Many
of the ladies were attired in summer silks,
and only those of, the male persuasion
whose systems had become^debilitated by
indulging in ferry-boat diet resorted to
topcoats. In the ring the crowd was so
dense that it was more difficult for a
stranger to place a bet than to pick up
a "sleeper" in a Kentucky faro' game.
Unfortunately for the layers of' odds,
though, the three long-shot winners, Sam
Green, Rio Shannon and Magi, were so
strongly played • that nothing was laid
away. Even the field books retired from
action with severe casualties. As a rule
their position is considered as invulnera
ble as was the Boers' on Spion Kop.
The wonderment of the spectators was
the staying qualities exhibited by Rio
Shannon in the $3000 Christmas handicap,
at one and a quarter, for which nine faced
the webbing. Green Morris started three —
Watercure 128, Autolight 122 and Janice
with 105 pounds up. Against this trio of
smart ones 7 to 10 could be had. To an
uneven start the chances of Autolight,
Janice and Brutal were shattered. Icicle,
from P. Ryan's barn, ridden by Tommy
Burns and well respected in the ring,
cut quite a figure in the lead for a mile;
then the summer sun got in its work.
After Icicle had undergone the evapora
tion process Lee Jackson, astride Rio
Shannon, moved from second to first po
sition, and, while Vesuvian once looked
troublesome, "Jimmy" Coffey's buggy
horse paraded past the judges two lengths
in front in 2:06 flat. Johnny Woods,
with Watercure, unloaded his cargo in
third place, followed closely by Auto
light, well kicked and thumped by Win
nie O'Connor. But for his piece of ill
luck at the start the last named- horse
would undoubtedly have earned more
than the bones of the turkey .to pick
on. Greyfeld was also unfortunate,
Mounce getting cut off on the back
stretch while endeavoring to go through
on the rail. '
Jockey. Owen Mounce landed Parlzade
first in the opening two-year-old scramble
by a head from Royal Rogue, a 15 to 1
shot. The' St. Carlo filly outbroke her
field and led throughout. Flourish, with
Bullman up, took show honors. Snowber
ry was nearly put over the fence on the
far turn by Royal Rogue.
For a- time. during the progress of the
six and a half furlong run it looked as if
Gibraltar might get the purse. With Ed
die. Jones in the saddle he led to the
stretch, when he suddenly decided to sulk,
running unplaced. Never far out of it,
Wyoming, the favorite, worked 'his way
to the front and driving hard got the
verdict from Orleans by a head. King
Dellis had a stormy trip.
A surprise .was furnished in the hurdle
event, over a mile and three-eighths, for
which Phil Archibald and Rainier, coupled
as a stable, ruled pronounced favorites.
Phil Archibald, the mainstay of the en
try, piloted by "Stew" Peters, came to
grief at the second jump, his rider escap
ing Injury. Distance, a 20 to 1 shot and
a handy jumper, looked to have the race
won, when his rider eased up and was
led out more than a length by Sam Green,
a 15 to 1 shot, ridden by Evans. Lord
Chesterfield got away from the post poor
ly, never showing prominently.
Another member of the Jennings string
finished second in the San Leandro handi
cap, at six furlongs, for two-year-olds.
Sister Jeanie, astride which O'Connor sat,
went to the post a 3 to 2 choice, and in a
long drive had her colors lowered by
Magi, a 10 to 1 shot played to 7. Escalante
quit after showing first to the stretch.
Bullman on the 11 to 5 favorite Cougar
captured the final mire selling run. At
the close he was hard pressed by the two
year-old Bragg, ridden by Knapp, win
ning by a neck. only.
Track Notes.
Twenty-one books did business In the
ring, with three field books to accommo
date the more conservative players."
Up to yesterday George Rose was cred
ited with being $17,000 winner since he cut
in, only a short while back. He lost about
$2000 yesterday. . ' . ■
R. B. Milroy, who for years has been
connected with the association across the
bay, was well remembered by the horse
men. His Christmas box came in the
form of a magnificent case of silverware
and a very handsome dressing case, the
latter being presented to Mr. and Mrs. R.
B. Milroy.
Eddie Greaney was fortunate enough to
have a good bet down, straight and show,
on Rio Shannon.
GENERAL AXGEB SAFELY
PASSES CRITICAL PERIOD
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 25.— Dr. C: G.
Jennings, who 13 attending General R.A.
Alger, said to-night: %
You may announce that General Alger has
safely passed the first and most critical stage
after the operation that was performed on him
last Sunday. Of course there will be a pos
sibility of dangerous developments for at least
another week, but we do not expect any.
The bulletin on the general's condition
issued to-night says: • «
General Alger passed a very comfortable day.
The patient has had no fever; his pulse has
ranged from 68 to 82 throughout the day. He
will be given liquid nourishment by the stomach
for the first time to-night. I It will be a solu
tion of egg albumen. The drainage from the
gall bladder is perfect. C. G. JENNINGS.
Forr the first time since the operation
all the family were to-day admitted to
General Alger's room. The general was
very bright and cheerful throughout the
day, and was ambitious to do more and
see more people than his physicians would
permit. ■
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 25.— Crescent City re
sults:
First race, five furlongs — Nellie 'Waddell
won, Little Jack Homer second. Rival Dare
third. Time, 1:00%.
Second : race, handicap, one mile and twent'y
yards — Nitrate' won, Piedrlch second, Aiidej
third. Time, 1:41. .
Third race, . steeplechase, . short course — Bris
tol won, Falella second. Golden Link third.
Time,. 3:08%., ,
Fourth race, Christmas handicap, ■ one mile —
George Arnold won, . Imp. Mint Sauce second,
Tayon third. Time, 1:30. ' • ' * ■■
• Fifth race, elx furlongs — Amlgari won. Ka
loma second./Ohaden third. Time, 1:13%'.
Sixth race,' one mile, selling — Frank M won,
Mr. Phynizy second, Eva , Rice third. . Tin e,
1:40. / .
.. /-.--■ »
Jeffries Starts' for New York.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 25.— James J.
Jeffries and his brother, Jack Jeffries,
gave a six-round boxing: exhibition at
Convention Hall in this city to-night.
'The champion will give no more exhibi
tions before he reaches New York, where
he goes.direct from here. • "
• Jack Beauschol of . Chicago and "Jack
Graham of Indianapolis boxed ten rounds,
the contest resulting in a draw. '
CINCINNATI, • Ohio, Dec. 25. — Larry
Temple of New York knocked out Eddy
Kennedy of Pittsburg in four rounds
before the Abbey Athletic Club here to
day.
♦ '
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Wednesday^Dec^J^—^f^^^J^^^^^^
3035. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds: value to first. $323.
i ; p 1. ~~- ~ ' ~~ Betting.
Index Horsa and Weight.lSt. ' %. %■ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2788' Parizade .........110 2 L ll Tl T% lh p. Cameron...... Mounce 6-2 3
2988 Royal Rogue. .^..106 5 . ,6 1 4 1 2h 2 !j J. C. Nealon. . .O Lonnor 6 10
3017 Flourish 7: 107 3.71 6 2 3 « 3 1 H. J. Wilson. ..Bullman 4 9-2
2951 Legal Maxim 105 «"3h 8% 52 42 Jones & Co. ...Buchanan 8 12
3005 Snowberry 103 1 51 71 4h 6h Kaufman & Co.. Jackson 6 10
3017 Dandy 10G 9 81 91 61 el Montana Stable.. Birkrth 8 lt>
2363 Tyranus 10ti 10 4b 3 b 7^71 Summers & Co.. J. Woods 5 8
2932 Sir Claus 106 7 9 V, 10 8 1 8tt A. B. Spreckels..Troxler 20 130
2S73 Dulcimer 105 4 22 22 91 92 T.H.Ryan Ransch 12 13
3017 Porous .108 8 10 6 1 10 10 L. A. Blaslngame.. Burns 5 12
3005 Matin Bell ....103 11 11 11 11 11 Chlnn & Forsyth..Faunt 20 60
Time — 3-16. :18%; V*. :24%; &, :49%; 6%f. 1:08. Good start. Won Hrtt three driving.
Winner, D. Cameron's b. f. by SL Carlo- Partisana. Winner a quick breaker and Just
lasted. O'Connor on Rogue used football tactics, nearly putting 1 Snowberry over the fence
' on far turn. Flourish finished well. Dandy did not live up to expectations. Tyranus away
pojorly^I>uiclmerquit. Porous no chance._ jc^ t 5^ e^~^"g^f°g^^i r>^ )^ (^ L^^-^^- w -^ r^-.
3036. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; gelling; 3-year-olda and up; to first. $323.
■- T" Bettlngr.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y*.. .%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3001 Wyoming, a 109 4 3h 31 21 ln Brown & Co... J. Woods 8-5 2
3032' Orleans, 3 104 7 76 61 ln 24 J. Burrows Buchanan 5 8
3032 Hungarian. 5. 110 3 4 1 2 h 4 h 3 ns G. W. Miller Mounce 10 15
2970 King Dellis, 4 112 5 5h 51 3h 4% C. Lind Birkenruth 3 13-5
(3011) Mid. Chimes, 4. ..109 B B2 7 10 5^ 54 Joseph Maiden. .. Jackson 6 it
2969 Mission. 4 109 2 -2 b -4 1- TS 6 10 James Wilson. ..Bullman 10 8
3026 Gibraltar, a 112 1 11 12 61 74 H. J. Jones E. Jones 6 7
2301 Osmond, S 100 8 8 -8 8 8 C. W. Chappell... Stuart | 60 100
Time— 1-16, :06#; %. :24; %. :43«4; %. 1:14; 6%f,- 1:20%. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, J. G. Brown & Cri.'s b. g. by Pardee- Caprice. AVith a better break Orleans
might have won. Hungarian showed sudden and marked improvement. King Dellis couldn't
do well in holiday garb. Gibraltar sulked. Chimes off poorly. Scratched — Lou Cllevedea
109, Nellie Forest 104. . .
3037. THIRD RACE— 1% miles; hurdle handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
| Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. Std. Vt- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3006 Sam Green. 4 125 6 5 4 10 3 10 11', Frank Duffy Evans] 8 15
2S43 Distance, 5 125 2 11 1 15 1 % 2 3 C. W. Chappell. .Harrlsn 10 2O
3022 Romany. 5.... ....127 4 8 15 2 10 2n 36 Liberty Stable Cairns 6 8
3006 Rainier, 6 131 5 42 344 4 J. Wells Mattler 8-5 4-5
2601 Rio Chico, 5 140 3 2n Refused. ... Frisco Stable. .McMahon 3 6
(3006)|Phil Archibald. 3.. 133 1 Fell-..; J. M. Crana & Co.. Peters ' • •
2310 |Lrd Chest'fleld. a.133 Left .. ... Alaska Stable.. Lloyd 3 4
Time — 2:37%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Frank Duffy's b. g. by Sam
Lucas -Shagreen. Archibald' bumped by Romany at second obstacle. Distance would hav*
won had Harrison not eased up. Rio Chlco short. •Coupled with Rainier.
3038. FOURTH RACE— 1% miles; Christmaa hdcp; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $2400.
Index (Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. j Opf CL
i^o Rio Shannon, 4.. 95 "i 2'l% 2 1% 1 2 Ti J. Coffey Jackson 10 15
™, Vesuvian. o 119 3 3 }j 3n 4^ 2n Jennings & Co.. Bullman 7 2 a
( S } Vate ,T C^ re 'o 4 12S X 6161 31 » 32 G. B. Morris. .J. Woods 7-10 7-10
2983 Autolight, 3 122 9 9 8 2 5 h 4n G. B. Morris... O'Connor • .•
2096 Rosormonde, 6 102 4 41 4h 61 53 Pueblo stable.. Buchanan 10 20
(3002) Icicle. 3 101 2 11 11% 2n «2 P. Rvan T Burns 4 4
3028 Greyfeld. 5 112 5 5 *4 8 h 82 71 R. A. Smith Mounce T 15
291.7 Brutal, 3 98 8 85 »»82 Burllngame S. Frm.Brkh 10 20
J02i Janice, S 105 7 7 1 7 1 7 fo 9 G. B. Morris. .. .Redfern « ' •
Time-44 :24^; %, :50; % 1:15; m., 1:41%; l*i m.. 2:06. Fair start. Won handily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, J. Coffey'b b. h. by El Rio Rey-Bessie Shannon. Th«
early pace was not very hot, and Shannon stretched it out further than usual Vesuviaiv
ran a fine race. Watercure peculiarly handled. Autolight came within an ace of beinz
left with Janice and Brutal. Former probably best, and under other conditions could
have won. Icicle quit. Greyfeld cut off on far turn by Rosormonde while squeezing
»-^I^?^_tS2 u £l3i3 U !L W^ ercure ' S"* 1011613 — Imperious 95. Goal Runner 95, Nones 115.
3039. FIFTH RACE— 6 furlongs; San Leandro handicap; 2-year-olds; value to first, |400.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Cto. 1 "^!.
2821 Magi 108 3 2 1 2 1% 2 3 l~n W. E. AupleKite Hoar' a T
Sister Jeanie 115 2 31 3 n" 3 n 2 1 Jennings & 8-5 7-5
3020 Escalante 116 1 11 ln 12 3n Baldwin & Co... Spencer 3 5-5
8020 Redan 112 5 4% 4 3 45 4 1 R. GuUfofle ..Bunman ■ 3 ltt-5
2976 Landseer 102 4 5 5 5 5 Szell & Lazarus. . Brkrh 5 15
Tlme T^'. : ? 4 vi : « % V :4 I^ : % \ , 1:14 %- a °° a "tart. Won first three driving. Winner. W E~.
Applegate s b f. by Simon Magus-Miss Xannie. Magi was fresh and stood a drive gamelyl
>^^^ a^2^2!ii5^^S^2tS^>5^5££2^^S2!i^S2^if5ir l3htar 98 - SiieU Mount ios.
3040. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; all ages; value to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %.'■"%. , Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op." 11 ?!.
3026 Cougar 3 113 1 8% 41. 2n ln Elmwood Farm.Bullman 5-2 U-8
29G3 Bragg. 2 . 87 11 8 1 2 1 In 2 3 Thomas Rowe.W. Knapp 10 I
3005 Larry Wilt, 2.... 82 5 2 1 3 1 5 % 3 % F. H. Stevens Jackson 10 1ft
2963 Castake. 6 119 2 -6% 5% 4 1 4h O W Xsecke to 15 SO
2974 Dawson. 2 84 7 4 1 6 % 5 % 5 % W. B. Sink Jr Redffm I rt
2907 Free Lance, a. . .122 8 10 2 7 1 6 2 6 2 W H. Ketchemin TnS 10 40
2890 Prestano, 2 84 4 11 ln 71 71 Jennings & Co LA Jcvin * «
3002 Mithradates. 3....113 9 7h 92 81 83 Burn, ?l Waterhstspnc? I 12
3010 Baldo. 2 89 3 91 10 ©1 92 B. Schrelber WlnsFe^te S 1
29S4 Marelio, 2 84 6 6 1 11 10 l io w. I Fountain Treanor 8 7
3029 Courtier, 3 110 10 . U « 8 % 11 11 Ezell & Sros Brkrh 10 IS
2990 Belarlo. 3 113 12 12 12 12 12 M. Ashle7& Coi.Howell 10 23
Time— y lf :25%;%, :50; %. 1|15%; mile, 1:41%. Good start. Won first three drivinir "Win
2fJ- C- n T - F°°? S l Cl ?" ?■ by T iKer " Ge . nette T Edwards - BraBfr should have won ijS?y wflt
dm well Castake is improving again. Jackson tired before Prestano. Scra£b2d— st!
Bragg, on which diminutive "Willie
Knapp had his first mount, would have
beaten Cougar with a better start. "Willie
can ride at 65 pounds, but handles the
whip like the driver of a jerk line mule
train.
Lloyd, who rode Lord Che'sterfleld, was
indefinitely suspended for being under the
influence of liquor. Bob Cairns was also
suspended indefinitely for his j ride on
Romany.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
First race — Four and a half furlongs; selUng;
two-year-old fillies:
(2S42)Malaspina 108 2956 Meteoro 108
Ster. Towers..lOS 3023 Knock Ings ...108
Prudence IOS 3005 Cathello 108
•2429 Tibs 108 2902 Torila 108
3024 Esternell 108 2970 Flattered IOS
2974 Rn3y Cross... 108 .... Buzzer 103
■ Second race — Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
2903.Koenig 109 2050 TJlloa 109
2425 Tola 104 3032 Bapdad 109
2939 Wm. Broyer..l04 2962 Helen Smith.. 104
29S5 Graylette 104 30C4 Aphrodis . . 104
Ural 104 3OT54 Afghan ...::. 109
(3004)Billy Lyons.. .104 3025 McNamara ...109
2985 Rose of Hilo..l09
Third race — Six furlongs; selling; two-year
olds:
;©©©©©©oo©o©a©oo©©©oo©oooooooo©© o ©oo©«^^©
I £h£^) Meo, Wake Up! j
1 "A /I J Is Youp Back Wcak? °
> \rj[ mjj^ Have You Dragging Pains? ©
j s*^ IP/ A*"© You Easily Tired? ; J.
> I ¥ Have You Varicoce!e? •
I \ / *"^ ,¥*S\\ /WsM&W n?^«? ther Sisn cf break!n S OI down g
I «v43 /#\\\ II \ f / F&&£>VteZ&* « 5 r ne fves and vitality you will 2
'y^^^^^^m^^M Dr ' Hd-Mgiiiiii's Electric Bel! g
£ MWK 7 /^- e s 11^"! of life into the weak ©
? yjjjF*^ * ■■''•/. '; x "c»^ parts continually for hours every ©
) _1 ° ! Sht. It refreshes the nerves, ex- ©
) the circulation and makes you feel hri^>,» „ n *iL s the^ vital Powers, enriches Q
> use. You get stronger each das 'and in k feJ^wV^ vlgorous ln one nJ » ht » ©
J stronger and younger in the fire of vnmh t?^ week s you are a new man. 5J
j and every man who has evlr used .Hs Raising £ ' tWs meth ° d ° f mlne> O
I Dontd - laytin JRY IT NOW. S
I this d°rain u%on y^u?Vta"ijty° so ston r u h^ PPines l de Pen<is on your checking S
I jstaf res bssa£sE£jK£tj, ™«. z™ SagK«s t.
) for my beautiful illustrated book trtllJ^K 1 ? an do " lf you can<t cal1 sen<1
j free. I have 50,000 cures. Call °r w?t e to d« y method ' I send it sealed ©^
j _ _ ' ' . ■ l °-aay. Bend this ad. 0
> Dr. M. C. McLavghlm 702 market st. g
Office hours- i^ *•«•••*»*!« SAN FEUNCISCft O
» ' ours * 8 . *• »• to 8:30 p.m. Sundays 10 to L «
3012 Lapldus 104 3030 "Wlnnecook . .,101
3020 The . Giver. ... 10S 3012 Halnault . . . . lS
I?Mar 102 (3017)St. Phmipina.103
1^ 2MSoi:::iSl 3030 i>hyllls -"-^
Fourth race— Mile and arf eighth; selling
three-year-olds and upward: -
3033 Windward ....104 3015 Morinel 104
3018 El Mido 101 3015 ArtVlla ..V.V;:ioi
f«5Ulm 101 (3015)Dlomed ..... 107
3029 Compass 92 3025 Dr. Bernays..l01
Fifth raoe— Five furlongs; handicap- all
ages: "'
2784 T. of Candles. 95 1 (2006) Byron Rom 1fW»
<?013)Josle G 1» 8020 Stoy_;; 108
(2984)Homestead ...106| 3002 Doublet ......120
yea£oids? Ce ~ SeVen furtongs: "emmr; three
1715 Marshal Neil..ll2i 3040 Cougar ' 112
( 222? ) 5°» ick 109 3026 dTvW Si:::: 109
2971 Grafter looi 1241 Loyal siM^lS
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Buzzer, Rosy Cross, Esternell
Second race— Afghan. McXamara Bagdad
Giver rd race ~ Halnault ' st - PhiHiplna, Th«
Fourth race— DIomed. Artllla. Dr. Bernays.
stfad race — Tower ot Candles. Josle G. Home-
Sixth race— Rollick. David S. Grafter.FATHER SAYS
FUNERAL RITES
Joaquin Milled Speaks
Last Words at Grave
of Daughter.
Actress* Final Resting Place
Is on Hillside Over-
looking Bay.
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call.
1US Broadway, Dec. 25.
Joaquin Miller, the poet of the Sierras,
this afternoon said the last sad rites for
S?' h'M,?* the srave of hls daughter.
Maud Miller, the actress. The old man.
1S ,^ er€ft ° r aU his kin but one-the
child of his daughter-stood in the breeze
which blew his white hair about, and ad
dressed a few parting words to the dead
clay of his offspring— a sight that moved
the spectators to tears. *~
Maude Miller's grave lies on a hillside
overlooking the bay and its environs, in
a spot where a number of Joaquin Mil
vf«T h,/^ nds are buried and where he will
be buried in time. A mass of stones marks
the spot where the poet wishes his re
mams to rest. His daughter's grave is
near it. There were not many people in
attendance upon the obsequies— only a
lew of the more intimate friends of the
lamily and some of the deceased's asso
ciates. The remains were first taken to
the poet's home on the heights, and then
Dome by the pallbearers a quarter of a
mile to the spot that was marked by a
newly opened grave.
INSTRUCTIVE EVENTS
FOR ADELPHIAN CLUB
Hany Lectures on Interesting Topics
Are Scheduled to Be Given
Next Month-
ALAMEDA, Dec. 25. — In the monthly
bulletin of the Adelphian Club is an
nounced a programme of instructive and
interesting events for January. Members
of the club will open the year with a so
fcial morning on January 2 at the home
ot the curator of the organization. Vir
ginia Connor, 1S0S Alameda avenue. On
January 4 a union meeting will be held
at which Professor Charles Mills Gayley
of the University of California will de
liver a lecture on "The Greatest Book
of the Nineteenth Century."
Mrs. H. A. Hebard ■will read a paper
before the music section on January 7 on
'"The Development of Orchestral Music."
Felix Peano will address the art section
«n January 9. "Li Hung Chang" is the
subject of a. d'scouree to be given before
ihe current events section by Mrs. W.
Farrar or. January 16. G. D. KieruTff
will lecture before the new book section
en the same day. He will talk of Gilbert
Parker's book, "The Right of Way."
"Dancing and Dance Music" will be tfie
theme of an address by Mrs. Emma
Kath^eb, to be given before the music
section on January 21. The same speaker
will, on January- CO. discuss "Wirelt-ss
Telegraphy" before the current events
Fecticn. C. P. Neilson will lecture on
"Art" on the afternoon of January £3.
EELIANCE CLTJB OFFEBS
ATTRACTIVE PROGRAMME
Hank Griffin and Jack Johnson Will
Contribute Main Event of the
Tournament.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— The Reliance Club
offers an attractive programme for its
regular monthly boxir.gr tournament, to be
held on Friday evening at the club gym
nasium.
The main event promises to be of more
than ordinary interest. Jack Johnson, the
Eastern heavy-weight, has been matched
to meet Hank Griffin of Los Angeles. Both
lighters are colored and each has some
what of a reputation for administering
and receiving punishment. They have met
before, and in Bakersfield went twenty
fast rounds, with honors about evenly di
vided, although Griffin got the decision.
Griffin a few weeks ago humbled the
"pride of the British navy," as Con Shee
l^an calls himself, and then proved him
self a lighting man of considerable ac
count. Both men are reported to be in
first-class condition.
HAYWARDS GIRLS REVIVE
CHRISTMAS CAROLIHa
At Break of Day a Band of Sweet
Singers Usher in the
Holiday.
HATU'ARDS, Dec. 25.— A number of
liaywards young women revived a pretty
Christmas custom this morning by sere
nading their friends at break of day with
carols. The party visited a number of
residences and sang some of the welcome
songs of olden time. In the company of
carolers were Miss Nellie Ramage, Miss
Mamie Ramagre. Miss Priddy. Miss Stella
Logan, Miss Ruth Brown, Miss Hattia
Rice and Miss Mansfield.
Five Men Hurt in a Fight.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— In a free-for-all
fight on Park avenue, Emeryville, five
racetrack hangers-on were so badly cut
and beaten that for three hours the Re
ceiving Hospital staff was busy sewing
and patching wounds. Vance Powell,
colored, was seriously injured. Hia skull
was fractured and his head was a mass
of bruises. Arthur Mitchell, white, was
stabbed in the right thigh. Walter Mc-
Neary. colored, had his forehead cut open
to the skull, and George Webster, colored,
had his scalp laid open with a cut three
inches long. A white man known as
"Texas" was cut and bruised. He was
sent to the County Jail. The fight oc
curred at 9 o'clock and was the result of
holiday drinking.
Once Sat on the Throne Himself.
Queen Anno was once surrounded by a
host of grayly dressed courtiers, and in
the throng was a man of S3. wearing
t+ie plain dress of a country farmer.
"Have you ever seen such a eight be
fore?" asked a looker-on, and the throng
was startled to hear the old man say,
"Never since I sat in her chair." It was
Cromwell's non Richard, who went into
r*»tirpment on the restoration of King
Charles TI. ■ ' - ' "
ADVEKTISEMEUTS.
It Is a Shame for
Any Case of
Piles to Be Cut.
Modern science has comp!ctely
mastered the disease without sur-
gery or delay. Do not allow your-
self to bz butchered until you have
investigated. Over one thousand
cases permanently cured without
a single failure, 500 of whom live
in the city of San Francisco. The
names of 75 prominent business
mc.i sent as reference. Do not
take my word for it, but find out
y what they have to say. The
worst cases wanted. Write to-
day ior further particulars. Ad-|
dress Resident Physician, Box
2673, Call Office, San Francisco.
BOER TRAITORS
SERVE ENGLAND
Captured Burghers Are
Said to Be Assisting
Kitchener.
New Commandos Composed
of Former Patriots Will
Be Formed.
PRETORIA. Dec. 23.— The formation of
a new burgher corps, to be known as
National Scouts, has aroused' great in
terest among the surrendered burghers.
In view of numerous meetings and appli
cations General Lord Kitchener has au
thorized the creation of fresh wings to
operate in the Southern and Eastern
Tranvaal under permanent Boer leaders.
The forces are to be composed of burgh
ers only.
4t is said that the recent success of the
British is due to the co-operation of two
burgher commandos acting under Gen
eral Bruce Hamilton. These commandos
include many captured Boers.
STENOGRAPHERS WANTED
FOB, PHILIPPINE SERVICE
Chance for Young Men to Enter the
Government's Employ in
Manila.
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 25.— The Civil
Service Commission yesterday issued no
tice of a special examination to be held
on the 6th and 20th of January, 1902, for
positions of stenographers and typewrit
ers in the Philippines, as the list of eli
gibles has become reduced and the Ma
nila authorities have sent notice that they
need twenty or more to rill existing va
cancies. The examinations will be held
in Washington. Boston. Chicago, Cincin
nati, Denver, New Orleans, New York,
San Francisco and Seattle. Appointees
will receive a salary of $1200 per annum,
those who prove competent to be pro
moted to $1400 per annum in six months
or less time if vacancies occur subsequent
to the date of appointment. Applicants
will be required to pass a physical exam
ination, and .appointees will be required
to remain in the service at least two
years. The applicants must be between
the ages of IS and 40 years.
This examination offers an excellent
opportunity to young men to enter a
service which has many attractive fea
tures and to see a most interesting part
of the world.
*
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Cavins Rhodes, wife of Superior Judge
A. L. Rhodes, formerly of the California
Supreme bench, died this morning of
pneumonia. She was a native of Green
County, Indiana, and in her seventy-third
year. She had resided with her husband
in this city since 1856 and continuously in
the house where she died for nearly forty
six years. Besides her husband four chil
dren survive her, Mrs. Mary Barstow,
James H. and E. L. Rhodes of this city
and Sam R. Rhodes of Hermosillo. Mex
ico. Judge and Mrs. Rhodes celebrated
their golden wedding five years ago. She
was a woman of great energy and marked
Intellectuality, and Judge Rhodes has al
ways attributed to her the credit for
much of hi« success in life.
DE WITT CXINTON HOUSE.
Oldest Traveling Man in United
States Dies at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 25.— De Witt Clin
ton House, who is dead at his home in
this city, aged 74 years, was one of the
oldest and best known traveling men in
the United States. He was born in Ver
mont, and fifty years ago established at
Peoria the first steam bakery and crack
er factory in Illinois. When the War of
the Rebellion broke out House went to
Minnesota, enlisting in St. Paul In the
Sixth Minnesota Volunteers. Shortly
after his enlistment his regiment was sent
to subdue and punish the Sioux Indians
under Chief Little Crow, who had at
tacked settlers in Western Minnesota and
killed many people in the massacre of
New Ulm. While engaged in burying the
dead settlers House and about forty other
soldiers were corralled by a band of In
dians at Birchacoola. After a heroic de
fense of four days, during which time
most of the little band were either killed
or wounded, the survivors were rescued
by the other troops. At this battle House
received a severe wound in the left leg.
Alexander R. Andrews.
REDDING. Dec. 25. — Alexander R.
Andrews, a pioneer of this county, died
this morning. He was a native of Martha
Mills, Kentucky, and 73 years of age.
Heart trouble was the cause of his death.
Andrews was a veteran of the Mexican
War and a Mason of high standing. In
early days he represented the district in
the State Assembly and filled numerous
county officers since. He leaves a wife
and two daughters. The daughters are
Mrs. Edward Sweeny, wife of the Su
perior Judge of this county and Mrs. W.
J. Gillespie.
Pioneer Woman Dies.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— Mrs. William H.
Smith, a resident of Oakland for forty
five years, died this evening at her late
residence. 530 William street. Her hus
band is in British Columbia looking after
his mining interests. Deceased was a na
tive of Germany and 73 years old. She
leaves five children: Charles H. Smith,
Sandford Smith, Oscar Smith, Mrs. S. K.
Irish and Mrs. Emma Kinnear. Tho fu
neral arrangements will be announced
later.
Mrs. Elizabeth Hoover.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Hoover, wife of Wesley Hoover, and
mother of Henry and Samuel Hoover, a
pioneer of 1846, died here to-day on her
eeventy-third birthday. The Hoovers
traveled from Missouri to Salt Lake with
the famous Donner party, but decided not
to attempt the trail selected by the latter
and which ended so disastrously.
George B. Swain.
NEW YORK." Dec. 25.— George B. Swain,
Treasurer of the State of New Jersey
since' 1834, died to-day at his home in
Newark, from a stroke of apoplexy. He
was vice president and director of the
German National Bank of Newark and
was interested in manji other financial
and business enterprises.
Colonel George M. Taylor.
VINCENNES, Ind., Dec. 25.— Colonel
George M. Taylor, traveling passenger
agent for the Baltimore and Ohio South
western Railroad, is dead at his home in
this cityfrom blood poisoning following a
flight- surgical operation. Colonel Taylor
came here from St. Louis. ■'. ,,
Jacques Francois Fouquier.
PARIS, Dec. 25.— Jacques Francois
Henri Fouquier, the publicist and for
mer member of the Chamber of Deputies,
is dead, aged 63 years. v
T. M. James.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 25.— T. M. James,
uncle of Frank and Jesse James and one
of the leading crockery merchants of the
West, died here to-day.
Dunlap Smith.
CHICAGO. Dec. 25.— Dunlap Smith, a
leading financier and real estate dealer of
this city, died to-day of pneumonia.
Seamans' Condition Critical.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— The condition
of Adjutant General Seamans of Califor
nia, who is 111 here, is reported precari
ous, there having \ been no: improvement
during the last ■■twenty-four; hours.
IThc average wife knows more than he
husbund crives her credit for»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1901.
GLAD CHIMES OF YULETIDE
SOUND ON THEIR WEDDING DAY
Belle of Benicia and a prominent Young
Business Man Are United in Marriage at
the Pretty Little \Town in Solano County
BRIDE AND GROOM AT A MARRIAGE WHICH WAS CELEBRATED
YESTERDAY UNDER THE YULETIDE HOLLY AT A PRETTILY
DECORATED HOME IN BENICIA.
B' ENICIA, Dec. 25.— The marriage <
Miss Susan L. Boone and R. M.
Horton was celebrated here to-
day with a pretty ceremony. The
Rev. B. M. Palmer, pastor of the
Congregational church, officiated, pnly a
few friends and relatives of the bride and
groom were present.
The wedding ceremony took place In the
SUIT FOR LIBEL
WITH CROKER AS
THE DEFENDANT
Perry Belmont Resents In
s'nuation That He Used
Money to Obtain
Nomination.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Perry Belmont
has instructed his attorneys to bring suit
against Richard Croker for libel.
"Let him go ahead and sue," says Cro
ker.
All this is the result of Croker's unfort
unate absence in. Indiana when Seventh
District Democrats were trying to nomi
nate a man for Congress. They have nom
inated four men, Tammany contributing
two— Mr. Belmont and Councilman
O'Grady. The Republicans are content
with one. Montague Lesler.
Belmont said on Tuesday that Croker
did not tell the truth in saying he had not
interfered in the selection of a candidate.
i Belmont added that he himself was not
Croker's candidate and did not want to
be.
Croker rejoined to-day as follows:
v "All I have to say is that the only in
terfering I did was for Belmont's own
good. If somebody had not interfered the
Grand Jury would have interfered."
Upon reading these words in the even
ing papers to-day Belmont replied;
"Croker's statement that he had inter
fered for my good and that if he had not
interfered the Grand Jury would is of
such a character that it requires a posi
tive, unmistakable answer. He says I ob
tained my nomination by the use of
money. On account-of that statement I
have decided to bring suit for libel."
STREET CAR STRIKES
THE DONORS OF GIFTS
Agents of the Volunteers of America
Severely Injured in San Jose
Collision.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25.— A. W. Kennedy and
William Kidd. while engaged in distrib
uting Christmas boxes to the poor of the
city, on behalf of the 'Volunteers of
America, received serious injuries this
morning. , ■
The wagon in which the men were driv
ing was struck by a street car. Kennedy's
spine was badly injured, but the full re
sult cannot yet be determined. Kidd suf
fered a complicated . dislocation of the
shoulder and many severe cuts and
bruises. Both men say the car was driven
at reckless speed and that no bell was
rung for the crossing. The Christmas sup
plies were badly scattered and to a con
siderable extent rendered valueless. t
Prominent Pomona Man Dying.
POMONA, Dec. 25.— James Beckett, one
of the foremost citizens of Pomona Val
ley, is dying at the Pomona Athletic Club.
He was stricken there with apoplexy this
afternoon after having his Christmas dirf
ner. He became unconscious and physi
cians said he had no chance of recovery.
Beckett organized the Consolidated Water
Company of this city and amassed a large
fortune in the investment. He is a cousin
of Secretary of Agriculture Wilson.
Murdered in His Residence.
HUDSON, N. Y., Dec. 25.— Peter A. Hal
lenbeck, a well known farmer, in Colum
bia County, whila alone in his house last
night, was shot to death by three un
known men. The men were afterward
seen driving toward Catsklll Station ■.
Eleven shots were fired into Hallenbeck's
body. The farmers have lately been an
noyed by poultry thieves and it is believed
that the murder was committed by some
of them.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— The Standard hears
that an Important feature of the coronation
ceremonies will be a naval review at 8plthcad
on an unprecedentedly large- scale, to which
foreijn warships will be Invited. , ■...■ •.
Icottage which is to be the home of the
couple. The parlors were beautifully dec
orated with holly and ferns. After the
wedding Mr. and Mrs. Horton departed
for the South on their honeymoon trip.
The bride is a popular young lady and
has attracted much attention in society
circles. The husband Is a prominent busi
ness man and has lived for many years in
Benicia.
PAWNEES YEARN
FOR WAR AFTER
EATING BUFFALO
Taste of the Game Arouses
Oklahoma Redskins and
■Ranchers Flee to, the
Towns.
GUTHRIE, Okla., Dec. 25.— The Paw
nee Indians are on the warpath. An im
mense buffalo bull was so injured in be
ing transferred from the Santa Fe stock
yards to "Pawnee Bill's ranch south of
town that he had to be killed. The meat
was given by Major Lillie to the Indians
for a buffalo dance. The Indians have
been dancing and powwowing ever since.
They claim the vast herds of buffalo are
coming back to this country and many of
the Indians have notified the white les
sees to vacate their ranches at once, as
they wish to lay the fences low so that
the buffalo will have full sway of the
country. • .
The white in the remote parts'of
the reservation are coming into Pawnee
and report the Indians are acting in a
threatening manner toward them. Paw
nee Bill has placed mounted guards
around his buffalo ranch, as the Indians
are camping in the timber west of there
and in sight of the herd. He believes
they Intend to liberate the buffaloes and
kill them.
The United States Indian Agent has
been notified and has made a report to
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in
Washington.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
CCraner. Chicago Dr R W Murphy Jr Cal
H L Dunning," Maripos Cr Towsett, Sacto '
H J Ostrander, Meroed J E Town'e Oakland
Miss M C Buckel. Pa W Lovell, Sacto .
G Dest, Cal Mrs R J Perry, Cal
O C Meger, Fresno H O Perry, Cal
B Spark. Newcastle C P Long, San Diego
•Miss Anglon, Folsom Mrs M H Charles, N T
J E Daly, Salt Lake Mr & Mrs McLeon.N "S
E M Owens, Sn Rafael W T> Forster & w.'n 1
Mrs Owens, Sn Rafael J R Standly Iowa
P Mathens, Salinas C C Elkins Iowa
O N Hardy. Nome F G Woodcock Cal
B Henderson, Nome W Vollneers. Trinity
E Gile & son, Seattle F M Havens, Santa Fe
Mr & Mrs Shepard, Cal P Cameron, Santa Fe
E Peterson, Hanford G H Wlehman & w.N J
G McJiullen. Sta Rosa G N Thomas Newark
Mrs Smith, Cooperstwn S Young, Armona
E Keyes, Cooperstown T Winters, AVash ■
J Marsh, Cooperstown Mrs C Witheral, "Wash
D B Bummell. Ashld W McDonald. Seattle
V GarriBsereft w, Cal J B Miller, Hamilton
J J Dally, Bakcrsfleld M L Morris, Crows Udg
E L B Ross, Ross R A Craig, Newcastle
R W Bracken, Reno H J Clinch, N Y
S Choot, Sacto V J M Spree, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Cyre, San Rafael I Mrs E R McDaniel Mn
J'S Scally, Mare IslndiE C Coombs, 111
E Roddy, Presidio jj W Mavety, Kans • l
T W Green. Portland IT MeCready.Smths Rch
E I Agnews, Valleo Mrs G B Tibbetts.Smth
E C Young, Vallejo Ranch
O O Donahue, Vallejo W Stack, Sacto
J A D'Arcy, Los Ang J V Logan, Stockton
J J Mahannie, L Ang IJ J Cowperthwaite.Stle
7. E Buckner, Willltts LM Walsh, Mill Creek
W Grant & w, Minn I ■
THE VERY LATEST COL-
OB PROCESS. Eight Pages
in Beautiful Colors that are
pleasing to the eye.
Banker Meets Peculiar Death.
AKRON, Ohio, Dec. 25.— D. P. Wheeler,
cashier of the Citizens' National Bank,*
was found dead in front of the vault in
the bank this afternoon. , He -had been
killed by an electric shock Uhrough hand
ling a socket of an incandescent lamp and
opening the vault door at the same time,
thus forming a fatal current.
ROCHESTER. N. T., Dec. 25.— The large
factory of the G. H. Graham Machine Company
was destroyed by fire early to-day. . I Three
firemen were hurt, none fatally. The loss is
estimated at $100,000. * ;
..•'■•..- ■..:.■-. '. ■'. .■•■•■■■ ',:■■:•■:■.:■ j:":.-:t
BERKELEY WINS
IN THE SOUTH
University Football Men
Too Fast for the
Angelenos.
Scores Six Touchdowns and
"Safety" to Opponent's
Nothing.
-LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— The Uni
versity of •' Calif orna football eleven
smashed and battered the heavy line of
the local All Southern California team
this afternoon for six touchdowns and a
safety, scoring in all 38 points, without al
lowing the Los Angeles players a single
chance at the goal line. The game was an
easy one for the college men and was
only saved from being a farce by the
fast work and clever team play of the
Berkeley eleven. Outweighing the .varsity
team by fifteen pounds to the man,
the All Southern Calif ornia team was
supposed to be in fit condition to hold
its opponents down to a lower score, but
the team did not succeed in making five
yards once during the game nor in pre
venting Berkeley from keeping the ball
for consecutive downs.
, Only a fair crowd was at Fiesta Park
to witness thq contest, which was played
under a clear sky ..and blazing sun. Ba
zata, for the All Southern Calif ornias,
kicked off to Womble, who .ran the ball
In for twenty-five yards. After' a series
of small gains by the college backs Over
all punted and Los Angeles returned after
attempting to make the distance. Berke
ley worked the ball to the locals' five
yard line, where Womble fumbled and
lost it. Bazata's punt was blocked and
the ball rolled over the line, scoring a
safety for the varsity team. The kick
out was received by Duden, who fumbled
and recovered instantly. Then by long
gains around the end by Womble and a
thirty-yard run by Mini with the assist
ance of a "backs-over" formation, Berke
ley scored the first touchdown. Overall
kicked the goal and the score stood 8 to
0. Two more touchdowns followed in
quick succession, the "University men dis
playing perfect team work and ability at
line smashing. All Southern California
was forced to call in substitutes twice
during the half to replace injured play
ers. At the end of the first twenty-five
minute half the score was 20 to 0 in favor
of Berkeley. *
Substituting Whipple for Duden at full
and Hendricks for Overall at guard,
Berkeley crossed the line three more times
in the second half. In the middle of the
half Mini was disabled and gave way to
Hudson, whose place at end was filled by
Williams. The local- team was clearly
outclassed and entirely unable to with
stand the fast play " of the varsity.' Ba
zata was outpointed 'by More and Over
all and lost ground every kick. • With
splendid interference Albertson, «cored
the last touchdown, which defeated the
local team by a total of 38 points. Fol
lowing is the line-up of the two teams:
All S. Cal. Positions. U. of Cal.
Sabichi Center Gendottl
Wheatley Right guard Stroud
Miller Left guard Overall
Tappan Right tackle ......Hansen
Grimes Left tackle Albertson
CanHeld Right :nd Starr
Moore Left end Hudson
Ryas Quarterback More
Harris Right halfback Mini
Cromwell Left halfback. ..... .Womble
Bazata Fullback Duden
Referee — Edwards, 1900, University of Penn
sylvania. Umeire — Slaker. Stanford Univer
sity.
Michigan Football Men Practice.
The Michigan football giants availed of
their- brief stay in £his city yesterday by
practicing at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets. The players first went to the
Olympic Club, where they donned their
football clothes. After their practice they
returned to the club and availed of i«
bathing facilities.
The men canceled their social engage
ments here and left on the night train for
Pasadena, where they will meet the Stan
ford eleven on New Year's day.
BERKELEY CHURCHES
CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS
BERKELEY, Dec. 25.— Special masses
were said to-day in St. Joseph's Catholic
Church and in St. Mark's Episcopal
Church holy communion was celebrated.
At ine 11 o'clock service at the latter edi
fice the Rev. George E. Swan preached
a Christmas sermon and led in worship.
The following selections were sung by tho
vested choir:
Processional hymn, "Come. O Ye Faith
ful"; Introit anthem, "Nazareth" (Gou
nod); "Credo" (Dykes); communion serv
ice hymn, "Hark, the Herald Angels
Sing" (Mendelssohn); "Of the Father's
Love Begotten," old tune: "Gloria in Ex
celsis" (Dykes); recessional hymn, "While
the Shepherds Watch Their Flocks," old
tune. ,
The church had been artistically dec
orated by W. A. Powell ana Ivan M. L4n
forth. In front of the chancel was a
screen in . evergreen, surmounted by
candles. Over the altar was an arch, of
red candles. The body of the church was
decorated in evergreens interspersed with
oak.
Nine masses were celebrated at St. Jo
seph's Church. At the 8 o'clock mass in
strumental music was rendered by the
children of St. Joseph's School. The chil
dren's mass proper was celebrated at 9:15
o'clock, when Christmas carols were sung
by the little folk. The music was pro
duced under the direction of the sisters
of the school and the choir, composed of
the sisters, sang at the other masses.
High solemn mass was celebrated at 10:13
o'clock by the Rev. Father Cantwell. The
Rev. Father Dornan preached and the
Rev. Father Riordan acted as sub-dea
con.
CHRISTMAS CAROLS IN
THE LAKESIDE DISTRICT
Young Folk Entertain Their Friends
With Delightful Songs at
Dawn of Day.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— Throughout the
Lakeside District, Christmas day was
ushered in with caroling by a band of
choristers who wandered . from house to
house, singing the sweet song of "Noel."
The merry party of singers was chap
eroned by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Beck.
With them were Joseph Kendall and Al
Coogan with violins, Prentiss Selby with
a flute and Miss Marian Goodfellow and
John Dibert with mandolins. The singers
were Miss Goodfellow, Miss Edna Barry,
Miss Dottie Everson, Miss Mollie Mathers,
Miss Miriam . Gardiner. Miss Jean Dow
ney, Miss Lucretia Bumham, Miss Edith
Beck, Miss Bessie Fillmore, Miss Bessie
Reed, Miss Cordelia Bishop, Miss Irene
Bangs, Miss Lillian Isaacs, Miss Emily
Chickering, Miss May Coogan, Percy Gas
kill, Arthur Kales, Walter Bakewell. Ru
dolph Schilling, Ned Beck, Seymour Phe
lan, Allen Chickering, Roger Chickering,
Wilder Wright. Joseph Wilson, Benja
min Reed and Bryan Bell.
After the singers had made their rounds
they were entertained" at breakfast by Mr.
and Mrs. T. C. Coogan.
CHRISTMAS OBSERVED
IN DOMESTIC WAY
Alamedans as Usual Enjoy the Day
Amid All the Comforts of
." Their Homes. .
ALAMEDA, Dec. 25.— Christmas day,
as is the usual custom In this city, was
observed in a very quiet and homelike
■way. While the weather was ideal and
as warm as on many a summer day, Ala
medans did not move about much, but
contented themselves by staying in' their
own yards and enjoying all the comforts
of home. ■•■■ ' , >
Several of the local churches, among
•which were St. Joseph's Catholic Church,
Christ Episcopal Church, First Methodist
Church and the German Lutheran
Church, held special services, all/ of them
being well attended. , /. .
The annual football game between' the
High School team and the alumni eleven
of that institution was postponed because
of the absence of a number of the play
ers. The game will probably occur on
New .Year's . day.
The police *did not make an krrest dur
. ins- ttif» rlav. - r .
WITHNEY GAINS
TENNIS HONORS
Champion Defeats All
Comers in Singles
Tournament.
Smith Loses a Game by
Default* Through an
Error.
Champion George F. Whitney carried oft
premier honors in the Christmas class sin
gles tennis tournament which was decided
yesterday on the courts of the California
Club. He was easily the best player
among the forty who particpated in the
tournament. The handicaps favored the
championship class. The odds allowed by
the championship and first-class players
to the lower classes were practically the
same. -In the last tournament R. N.
Whitney, winner, of the championship
class, allowed Fred Brown, winner of the
first class, a handicap of "fifteen" and
won handily. Yesterday George Whitney
allowed the first class winner but "four
sixths of nfteen." He won easily from
Collier in the final.
The feature of the day was W. B. Col
lier's defeat of Grant Smith in the first
class. It was thought Smith, after the
excellent showing of last Sunday, • would
win in his class easily, but he was decid
edly "off" in his game and proved easy
for Collier. The latter made few errors
and played a. remarkably steady ■ game.
,The score in his favor was 6-1, 6-4.
In the second class Chet Smith carried
off the honors. He won both his matches
yesterday wthout the loss of a set. He
beat Frost 6-4, 7-5, and Homer Parker
6-1, 6-3. .
Herbert Schmidt won the third class on
Sunday. Fourth class honors went to
Leonard Wood, who played a long match
with Al Kenyon in the finals. The score
in Wood's favor was 6-3, 4-6, 7-5.
The championship class match between
R. N. and G. F. Whitney was not played
out. It was agreed between the brothers
that George should play in the interclass
tournament.
In the play-off the draw resulted as fol
lows: L. E. Wood vs. Chet Smith, Col
lier a bye, G. F. Whitney vs. H.
Schmidt. Chet Smith defaulted through
a misunderstanding. The committee de
cided the matches should go over until
next Sunday and Smith left the grounds
with that understanding. Shortly after
it was decided to play the matches off
yesterday and Smith not being present
the game went by default. ••
The best handicapping was that in the
match between Collier and Wood. The
odds in Wood's favor were "thirty and
two-sixths," and proved right. Collier
won 6-0, 7-9, 7-5. Whitney allowed Schmidt
thirty and won without an effort, the
score beine 6-2. 6-0. j
In the final Whitney allowed Collier odds
of "four sixths of fifteen" and won in
straight sets, 6-1, 6-2, 7-5.
Alameda Wins at Tennis.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 25.— The Alameda. Ten
nis Club defeated the Bellevue Tenni3
Club in the tournament played to-day on'
the Morton-street courts. The Alamedas
captured five out of the nine games con
tested.
In the singles Percy Murdock. Alameda.
beat R. G. Hunt, Bellevue, 7-5, 4-6, 6-4.
O. C. Haslett, Alameda, beat E, M. Otia,
Bellevue, 6-3, 8-6. H. Murdock, Bellevue,
beat Leigh Jones, Alameda, 8-6. 6-2. H.
Landsberger, Alameda, beat J. K. Hamil
ton Jr., Bellevus, 6-3, 6-3. Charles Teller,
Bellevue, beat Sidney Haslett, Alameda,
6-2, 7-5.
In the doubles Hunt and Jones, Ala
meda, beat the Murdock brothers, Belle
vue, 7-5, 6-3. O. C. Haslett and Landsber
ger, Alameda, beat Otis and Hamilton,
Bellevue, 6-3, 5-7, 8-6. Wheaton and Bain,
Alameda,, beat Newell and Sherwood,
Bellevue, 6.-SU- fi-4... and Gutte,
Bellevue. beat. Sidney and Monte Haslett
by default. . • ;
i-i i-i-i^-i-i-r-i-r-r-r-i-i-i-i-i-i-^
CULLOM'S BILL
EXCITES MIRTH
AND RIDICULE
Americans in London Rail at
the Proposal to Send a
Delegation to the
Coronation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 25.— A Central News dis
patch informs amused Americans here
that Mr. Cullom is introducing a bill in
the Senate providing for a Congressional
delegation of twelve to attend King Ed
ward's coronation as representatives of
the United States.
The absurdity of this proposition is
equaled by its snobbery. Such a delega
tion would be a source of unspeakable
embarrassment to the court.
The Earl Marshal, the Duke of Norfolk,
cannot now find places for those subjects
of the King and the Embassadors who
have a right to appear at all the ceremo
nies. What would he do with a junket
ing party of twelve thrust so unexpect
edly on his hands? >
Events in Society.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— The Monday Night
Whist Club varied its usual form of en
tertainment Monday evening and took a
trip across the bay to enjoy a perform
ance of "Janice Meredith" at the Colum
bia Theater. The members of this club
are Miss Clara Brown, Miss Jessie Hard
enberg. Miss -Edna Ford, Miss Ada Ren
ner • Miss Adelle Shepard of Alameda,
Miss Lillie Brink, and Walter Cole, Percy
Hardenberg, Herman Sagehorn, Hugo
Lorber of Alameda, Harry Keller and Lee
Griswold.
Dr. and Mrs. A. S. Larkey gave a large
Christmas tree party at their home on
Webster street last evening. The doctor's
"den" was given over to the tree, which
was large and beautifully decorated.
About thirty guests were present.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Laymance were
among those having their Christmas tree
on Christmas eve.:* It was a family af
fair celebrated in their new home on
Fifth avenue and East Tenth street, East
Oakland.
• Patti Helps Out of a Dilemma.
Last winter Madame Patti was staying
for a few days in an isolated village at
the extreme end of Yorkshire. To kill the
monotony of the place the prima donna
went one night to a concert given in aid
of a certain village institution. Not half
of th<* performers turned up. Appreciat
ing the difficulty, Madame Patti—incog
nita, of course— offered to oblige the audi
ence with a song or two. Then she sang,
in her own glorious way, three of her
sweetest. ballads. At the close the chair
man approached and in solemn tone
thanked her. "Well, miss." he said,
"you've done uncommon well. And al
though 'Arry Ock. the juggler, who thinks
nowt of takin' 'old of 'ot pokers and
a-swaliorin* needles, couldn't turn up, yet
you've pleased us very considerably,
miss."
Golf Unmakes a Minister.
A, Scotch "meenlster" took up golf. and.
despite great practice, could not succeed
in passing the tyro stage. His simple ex
clamations of "Tut, tut!" "Oh, dear,
now!" "Well, well!" and the like were
plain evidences of a perturbed spirit. One
day, when the perspiration flowed freely
from his brow and his honest contenance
shone with radiance, which was not due
to calmness of soul but rather to the heat
of the sun and his laborious efforts to
move the obstinate gutta percha from Its
station on the tee, he was tempted to in
dulge in strong language. "Dear, dear,
but I'll have to gie it up, I'll have to gie
it up!" he said at last, with a despairing
look at the ball. "Give up the game?"
exclaimed his friend, who had been a wit
ness of his attempts. "Na, na, the meen
istry," answered the other, with a sl^h.'
TRAGEDIES MAR
THE CHRISTMAS
Three Negroes Are Slain
in a Louisiana
City.
Combatants Freely Use Clubs
Knives, Pistols and
Razors.
SHEEVEPORT, La.. Dec. 25.—Christ
mas day had its trail of bloodshed and
tire in Shreveport. There were three kill
ings, all of the victims being negroes, and
a fire which destroyed property valued at
J70.000. The three killings reported -were
those of John Ryan, who was shot by art
unknown man; H. H. Ewell, shot and
killed by Charles Bell, and an unknown
negro, whose body was found in what is
known as Wilson alley. An examination
by the Coroner revealed an ugly bullet
wound ln_the risht side of the man. No
arrest3 were mace In connection with the
killings.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. £5.— Unknown men fired
about twenty shots into a saloon at the
corner of Broadway and Carr streets
early this morning. Two men . were
wounded, nearly all the glass in front of
the saloon was shattered and the pictures
were badly damaged by the bullets.
The injured are: J. W. Smith, shot in
right temple and right wrist, condition
serious; John King, shot through right
arm.
The men who did the shooting escaped
before the police reached the scene.
NACHODCHAS, Texas, Dec. 25.-While
a crowd of men were discharging- pistols
in celebrating Christmas a stray bullet
struck Mitchell Bird, aged 15. inflicting
a mortal wound. The boy's father then
fired Into the crowd with a shotgun, seri
ously wounding Ed Lee, Ruben Chandler
and Edgar Moore, all negroes. The boy
ia dead and one of the negroes is dying.
PINE BLUFF, Ark., Dec. 25.— Mose
Solomonson shot and killed George Stub
bleneld to-night. Stubblefleld's father
was killed by a member of the Solomon
son faction several months ago and to
day!s tragedy followed Stubblefleld's ap
pearance near the Solomonson house with
a gun after he had made threats against
the Solomonsons.
LOCKHART, Texas, Dec. 25.— As the
result of a duel near Coxville Alonzo
Baker was killed and "Jim" Caffey was
badly wounded. Caffey was brought here
and is in jail.
DUCKHILL, Miss., Dec. 25. — Frank
Royal, a young man, was shot and killed
near this place last night by the daugh
ter of his brother-in-law, J. S. Mills,
whom he and his wife were visiting.
Mill3 and Royal left for town in the
evening and upon their return Royal, for
the sake of a joke, failed to answer Mrs.
Mills, who called to him as he started to
enter the hallway. Beatrice Mills, a 15
year-old girl, bellevlng.he wa3 some per
! son bent on mischief, seized a shotgun
and fired, the entire load entering Royal's
heart.
DALLAS, Texas, Dec. 25.— Rev. Q. "W.
Clinton, living near Deport, was called to
his door at an early hour this morning
.and shot to- death by a crowd of men.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
FORT "WAYNE." Ind.. Dec. 25.— A chimney
flue obstructed with soot, which caused a
tlg-htly closed house to fill with the fumes of
natural gas. caused the death of George Shaf
fer and Anna James here last night.
CASS LAKE. Minn.. Dec. 25. — The village
Council has appropriated ?5OO to send a dele
gation to Washington to oppose the creation
of a national park in Northern Minnesota.
The people here want the Chlppewa reserva
tion opened to settlement.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2B. — John Bell, a car
penter, to-day shot his wife in their home In
Brooklyn. He then hunted up a policeman
and confessed his crime, claiming that his
wife, who had recently returned from a visit
to her parents in Scotland, had been untrus>
to him.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25. — Homing pigeons are
to give way to wireless telegraphy at the
Brooklyn navy yard. The pigeons are to be
sold anil the department will commence at one*}
a series of experiments with wireless tele
graphy as a means of communication between
warships. .
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. £5. — The first Chris
tian dally newspaper In the world la to be
established in TokJo, Japan, by a native. U.
Kowl, who is now tn this country making
purchases of materials. He ha3 concluded ne
gotiations for part of a newspaper propeity
In this city, and will buy the balance in Chi
cago.
When a man poses as a cynic it is a
reflection on hi3 wife's ability as a cook.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS IMPORTANT
To Know What You Are Taking
When Using Catarrh Medicine.
Catarrh is the short route to consump-
tion, and the importance of early and ju-
dicious treatment of catarrh, whether lo-
cated in the head, throat or bronchial
tubes, cannot be too strongly emphasized.
The list of catarrh cures is as long as
the moral law and the forms in which
they are administered numerous and con-
fusing, from sprays. Inhalers, washes,
ointments and salves to powders, liquids
and tablets.
The tablet form is undoubtedly the most
convenient and the most effective, but
with nearly all advertised catarrh reme-
dies it is almost entirely a matter of
guesswork as to what you are taking Into
your system, as the proprietors, whila
making all sorts of claims as to what
their medicines will do, always keep it a
close secret as to what they are.
The success and popularity of the new
catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, ia
largely because it not only cures catarrh
but because catarrh sufferers who use these
tablets know what they are taking into
their systems. Stuart's Catarrh Tablet3
are composed of Red Gum, Blood Root
and similar valuable and antiseptic Ingre-
dients, and are pleasant to the taste ami
being dissolved in the mouth they take
immediate effect upon the mucous lining
of the throat, nasal passages and wholo
respiratory tract. .'
The cures that. Stuart's 'Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished in old chronic case3 o*
catarrh are little short of remarkable, and
the advantage of. knowing what you are
putting into your stomach is of para-
mount importance when It is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using secret catarrh remedies.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval frqnt physicians, becaosa
their antiseptic character render thfcm
perfectly safe for the general public to Uso
and their composition makes them a com-
mon sense cure for all forms ot catarrhal
troubles.
All druggists sell them at 50 cts. for full
sized packages.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
frea at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST. i
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
910
8 AH FRANCISCO CALL.
BtTSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 0:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 0:30 p. m.
<vt9 McAllister street; op.n until 9:30 p. m.
S7R Larkin etreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
3041 Mission »treet; cpen until 10 p.m. .
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
tsntil 9 p. m.
JO<5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 0 p. m..
2JPO Fillmore ytre«»t: or"»n until 9 t»- m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of Yerba *XT> f
Buena Lodge of Perfection No. .dJfcJVaM/^Sk
I, A. and A. Scottish Itite of R*&*\Si^\
Freemasonry, will be hel<3 in ftjy5N/*r^uj
Commandery Hall, Masonic !>yKW-'< Tea
Temple. on THURSDAY W^f&LrJ^
EVENING, Dec. 26. 1901. at S
o'clock. HENRY BURNER. Vgg&r
Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — •■
Special meeting THIS (THCRSDAT) «#V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Royal ]&J\
Arch degree. By order of the H. P. ' V 1
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21 C, F. end A. M. — ft
Special meeting THIS (THCRSDAT) w*V-
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /S3f
gree. Master Masons are cordially in- / V i
vited. By order of the Ma6ter.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. w^MaaSK^
O. F.— Initiation THURSDAY =%*53?£;
EVENING. Dec. 243. 1M1. Visit- '^^?3^&
Ing brothers and members are ■^r/Hsv
cordially invited. T. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DeHAVEN, Rec. Sec.
i
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v <-»• v.
Ciub meets THIS (THURSDAY) &Sj
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, 82
O'Farrell st.. at 8 o'clock. Dls- *«*?»
trlbutlon of tickets for Hogmanay EUpper.
"Smoker" follows.
' GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
In the Gray Lizard mine. In Butte County,
near Rackerby, to deposit tailings In Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oreson Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings In Oregon Creek;
ana from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building. Ean Francisco, Cal.. on Jan-
nary 6, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal., will be held at Its banking-house, 301
Montromery et., San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1002. at 3:15 o'clock
p. tn.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
ruch other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. December IS. 1901.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
STEW book — "Theodore Roosevelt, Patriot and
Statesman" : thrilling interest; profusely il-
lustrated: low price; liberal terms; outfit
free. ZIEGLER CO., 322 Dearborn, Chicago
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F.- PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTCM ROOKING.
CITY AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market Et.— Roofs,
cldewalks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, gems and
colors, by mail if desired. RAYMOND. 003
Market ft., parlor 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market Bt., cor. Stockton
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
lections; attachments; mortgages :bills of sale:
partnerships: deeds ;wllls drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. 100SH Mkt.. r. 4, opp.Sth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. ■ W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
DICYCLES — For Sale or Krohaiiffe.
, ! i
KEW bicycles for children, men and women; j
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
ALLEN can fill your every want in the bicycle
line; Columbia, Hartford, Vedette. Eureka
and second-hand bicycles. "01 Larkin et.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 1429 Market St.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A — $2000; SALOON, ebout 20 feet from Call
building; rent ?125: long lease; rarest chance
in the market. Call R. G. WILKE, £CV£
Kearny st.
A— 51000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close to Market st. : good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kesrny st.
A — ?1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.; rent $25; place ests.bl:shed many years
and doing a good business; value in eight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms: rent
$20: good business and finest location in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years: first-class' paying; located
close to Chronicle building; bargain; call
soon. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— *VX); RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
S35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kear::y st.
A— $900; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A — $600; SALOON, Sansome St.; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; rent
$60 net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
$275 — BARBER shop, 4 chairs, old etand, near
Market, on 6th et. ; $280. lodging-house, a bar-
gain, 16 rooms: cigar stand, §500, $600; drug
store. $2000. DECKER. 021 Market Bt.
BARBER shop on a good busy street; 4 chairs;
old stand; $27.1. DECKER. 921 Market st.
$225 — PARTNER wanted where profits are $78
per week; no exper*nce.. See Decker, 921 Mkt.
$4000— fiO-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on every busy corner; 10 bay
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
*50 others; see us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 927 Market St.. room 208.
$1000 — GROCERY and bar in Mission; good
bus.; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co., 827 Mkt.
$600— SALOON. with 3 rms. and cellar; money-
maker. MILES & CO.. 927 Market St.. r. 208.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 277L
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, .grocery
•tores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
BRANCH bakery Produce Delicatessen
Price Only $550
Rent $15 3 living rooms
For nale only by STENBERG & CO., 759 Mkt.
FOR SALE: — At a great bargain, a restaurant
end oyster house in good location; must be
60ld by 24th. McBRIDE & CO., 763 Mar-
ket et., room 2. !
AN excellent commission house desires agen-
cies for Portugal from manufacturers or Job-
bers for all kinds of erticles; will take for
own account, novelties, patented articles,
etc.. etc. Address RODRIGUES CARDOZO
A CO.. rua dos Fanqueiros 84. 20 D Lisbon
'Portugal); bank references at disposal.
A SACRIFICE — Established 6 years; furnish-
ing goods store and shirt factory; 2 living:
rooms adjoining; rent $20. 10 Eighth st.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make money
cee C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
BARBER ehop for Bale. 105 Hayes ist.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 121 Myrtle St..
fanta Cruz. Cal.
FOR eaJe— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal
SPLENDID chance to r>ut cigar store In ea-
loon entrance. Box 3116, Call.
FOR SALE: — Saloon Sxtures. Apply at ea^
loon, 314 Front st.
$150— BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth
etreet.
FOR sale — Call newspaper route: COO names:
cacy terms to buyer. Inquire tel. Kate 2047.
CLAPSJFIKD artvertiFements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiHmore Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions lias been established at 1096
Valencia et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN !L>a.w and Collection Agency, 6tn
floor 01G Market St.: advice free. Tel. Bush
224; 'able body of attorneys.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
18-ROOM HOUSE-; RENT'ONLY $50.].T.T^T
.Price Only $650— Pay ments
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
88 ROOMS: 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
IS rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears 5150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 050
100 rooms; clears 5400 0000
00 rooms; clears $:J50 3600
10 rooms: on Kddy-st 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 'ii»Q.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market 6t and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and "23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains. - ■■ •■
G2 r. ; low rent; best house In city; never
changed hands; income $600; Investigate.
B3 r.; total expenses ?175; apartments $3250
SO r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r.; rent ?150; part offices: good house. 1800
17 r.: rent $45; cor.; oak ffr.: clears $100 850
11 r.; Jones residence; nice home.." COO
7 r. ; rent ?45; modern flat; reduced 375
18 r.; nice res.; good loc.; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF, . ~
1026 Market et ...'......1026 Market st.
(Photograph -Gallery Entrance.)
18 rooms; rent $60; rart cash $1250
18 rooms: Geary st. : ex. for clear pr'pty
22 rooms; rent $52; N. of Market; only.. C50
27 rooms; best corner In city; rent $100. 2500
46 rooms; cor.; rent $115; investigate... £850
A— Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. l-ms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on my installment plan.
A NOTICE— Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 900 Market st., cor. Ellis.
Largest List Lowest price Best terms.
A — NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city: get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.— We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list.
25-ROOM HOUSE NORTH OF MARKET:
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE; NO AGENTS.
Box 3044. Call office. .
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush Bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gougrh: phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun..
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 pm. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
A— PROF. GEE. 108* Sixth st; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10a
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS — Materializing se-
ance, 50c; Thursday ev'g only. 325 Ellis st
K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th,
nr. Guerrero; cir. Sun. eve., 25c; sit. daily.
PROF. PRICE, M. O.. lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology; new system. 137 Hyde.
MME. THYES. all receive tests; Sun.. Tues.,
Thurs., 8 p. m., 10c; prlv. read. 993 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLARS. . . ...'.'.'. . . . . . .ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading: and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
I how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13, 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love cr business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DK. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is Dermanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send Ftamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dailv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently
located at 125 Turk st: readings by mail.
j THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
: Just what you want to know; choice of three
I expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
■who ycu have been to, we convince all. C07
Kearny Bt., parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215*4 »th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
dlajmoses diseases with life readlng;lad!es50c,
ger.ts$l ; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gir>sy,clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 -a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal sf-er; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names, E0c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
Ings $1 & $2: readings by mall: satisfac. gruar.
CARD reading; ladies 10c. gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st. near Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 202 Minna st, near 4th.
50c pnd $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents r>0c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.,
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. M. DAIN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles. COc; gents. $1. 672 Mission st . ■
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F.
.MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advlre: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; 'steam cleaning. 3c: laying,
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
Sc renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. -.tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.-
CONKLIN"S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. j
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H..
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
\-atlng Co.. 240 I4th st: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWING toenails, bunions and corns cured
(painless) ; no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chl-
ropodlst.Indorsed bymed. prof'n. 304 Stockton.
DENTISTS.
A^R.T?1srmGGTNS,^27^lTrk'e7TtrEmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full setvof teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, fti up. .-'->'
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
■wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
j crowns. $.3 r>0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 GO-
'■ up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
i 9 to 2. J. W.THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
I A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth' st
! AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.'
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 00c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26, 3901. v
DENTISTS Contlnned.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst T
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D.. dentist.
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 060 Mission. SE. cor. 6th..
SET of teeth without plate. DR- . H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DR.R.L.WALSH.Sir.% Geary. nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST. J^^
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY. canine specialist,
late of New York City, has Just located at
906 Jones st.. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSIHAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st. •
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
~~ EDUCATIONAL. T"
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15- week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course ?4; classes in algebra. Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law,, electricity, elocution, English,
free-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science", social
economics, steam . engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY, Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St. S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OP MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accountg; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue" free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech. sur-
vey assay cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Hallett School: Mr. Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
ing January. Alcazar Theater building.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratorio. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 300S Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. -125 Mason St.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: S5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page.cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,-
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 25 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 7C0A Howard st, room 4.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; no children; reliable; competent. ' 16
Verona place, bet. Folsom and Harrison sts.
YOUNG German woman wishes place in coun-
try hotel or lodging-house. Box 3010, Call.
CAPABLE lady wishes situation ■ as house-
keeper in rooming-house or hotel; city or
-country. MRS. M., box 3008, Call office.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader j
and amanuensis to an invalid a few hours
dally or tri-weekiy. Box 21S5, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to ?1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 week*; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscriptiors
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, young
Irishman, well educated, highly recom-
mended, desires position. ROBERT E.
GRATTAN, Hotel Jefferson, Harbor View,
San Francisco; telephone Pine 3176.
YOUNG man. steady, about 27, quick and ac-
curate at figures, desires clerk or office posi-
tion; speaks French and English fluently;
salary no object; references. Box 3009, Call.
NEAT young man of good character,. 22 years
of age. desires a position in store or ware-
house. Box 3042, Call office.
GERMAN man about place and take care of
horses and milk; good gardener. Box 8045,
Call office.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young man of 26. salaried position,
$75; six years' experience in office work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119, Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 wishes position in butcher
shop; understands meat cutting. Box 3007,
Call office.
YOUNG man with some experience in laun-
dry, not afraid, of work, wants position.
Box 3120. Call office.
NAVY graduate wishes to run stationary en-
flne or at his trade on shoe machine. Ad-
ress E., 1041 Mission Bt. ".-; :
ELDERLY man wants situation as collector,
watchman or any place not too heavy work.
Box 2374. Call, Oakland. •
A YOUNG Danish man wishes position of any
kind in city; nober and reliable; handy with
tools. Box 3150. Call. ■
BUTLER-VALET leaving California for the
East wants to make Journey ti3 attendant . to
family or invalid; city ref. Box 2179. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1098
Valencia st. : --■■ ■ ■ - ■ ■_
„„„„ ' :
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stcck taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted: gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — Wo
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-S-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co. — New series of ■
shares now open; pays interest and dividends;
a. reliable paying investment. 39 Nevada. Blk.
WANTED — $7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market; thorough, good business
proposition; investigate. Box 3149. Call.
FLATS TO LET.: -.
OAK, 1909 — Flat to let and furniture for -sale;
new; never been used; . frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock. •
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
sun in every room all day; fine location, view
.and grounds. NW.- cor. Portola and'.Waller
sts., between Pierce and Steiner.
POLK, 630, bet. Turk and Edd" — Modern middle
flat, 0 rooms; rent $37 CO; no children.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED. .
FURNISHED fiat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
6 o'clock. 79 South Park. .
$25— 1517 GOLDEN GATE; middle floor, fur-'
hfshed; 4 rooms, bath; piano; garden. 1 to 4.
FLATS WANTED.
A MODERN furnished flat of. five or six rooms,
north of Market; not to exceed $45; good
tenants. Bex 3046. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR' SALE. '
4 ROOMS~furnlshed ln~oak7T48" 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for secondhand furniture ; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff clove order;
factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A^TCR HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant'l85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, ehort distance, see party here,
$20; 2 waitresses, mining town, fare paid,
$25; 50 waitresses, south, city and country,
$20; chambermaid to wait, country, N $20;
restaurant waitresses, 6 days a week, $8.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, second girls, nurse girls, housegirls,
city and country, $10 to $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
FOUR extra waitresses for 4 or 5 days' work,
free fare both ways, $160 a day., C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 10 Geary St. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses and Chambermaids
For Southern California
25 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20-$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT :
■ Cook across the bay, choice place, $30; pri-
vate family waitress, $20; houseglrls, $20-25.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED — Cooks, housework girls, nurses,
second girls, waitresses and many others to
fill our situations to-day for city and coun-
try; all at good wages; call early. J. IT.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter St.
! OPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32% Fremont St.; no ocperienco
r.ecessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you in 3
weeks halrdressing, manicuring, massage;
entire course $5; eve. classes; positions guar-
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill.
College, 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. "Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. •
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED pressers and folders on negll-
gee shirts. LOWENBERG & CO.. 27 Jessie.
2 WAITRESSES wanted. Palms Restaurant,
783 Market st. '
RESTAURANT waitress wanted ; $8 a week.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay St.- -j
WOMAN wanted to wash dishes in small res-
taurant. 183 Seventh st.
WANTED — Woman of fair education, good
business ability; position permanent. Box
3006, Call office.
DIGNIFIED business woman for permanent
position in a city of this State. Box 3009,
Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore St.-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia et.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY . .634 636 Clay st
Phone 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED— 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
10 teamsters, new work, near city $60
5 teamsters, south $34 and found
Carpenter, city job; gardener, $30 and found;
stablemen; 2 machinists;" stonecutters; 15
farmers; 3 plow teamsters; 5 choremen and
chore boys; dairymen; bookkeeper and sten-
ographer, ranch, $40 and found; foreman for
large ranch
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC
Baker, country hotel, fare paid. .$40 and fd
Bakery wagon driver $40 and found
Cake baker, country shop $40 and found
Cooks different places; kitchen help
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A — WOODCHOPPERS
SHIP FRIDAY MORNING
Big wages can be made on this job
VIRGIN TIMBER :LEVEL GROUND
25 men to open up a woodchopping camp;
job will last three years; redwood, pine, oak;
prices, 75c to $2 per cord
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PLANER mail, $2 50 day; 10 Russian laborers
for mill; 4 German, Scandinavian or Ameri-
can miners, $2 a day and board, see boas
here this morning; dairyman and wife, $45;
man and wife for private place, $45, see em-
ployer in city; piano player, $30 to $45 and
found; colored stableman and driver; gar-
dener, $35 and found; tlemakers, 10c to 14c;
blockmakers. $2 50 a day; 10 woodchoppers;
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104 Geary et.
Cook and wife for mine. boarding-house, $100;
cook, country hotel, $50 to $60; pastry cook,
hotel, $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Elderly business man; wages $10
per month and found. Call at ANDRE" S,
816 Stockton st.
WANTED — Reliable man with some cash; take
cash and assist In small restaurant; about
$30 month ; : no experience. BROWN, 1221
Market st. •
BARBER wanted to go in the country to run
small shop. Apply at Yosemite House, Mar-
ket st, room 43
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enerBy_ and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. .
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper. 212 Railroad
avenue.
GOOD cakebaker wanted at 1205 Polk st. New
Western Bakery. .;
STEADY man with $160 cash can make $75
month. Apply 209 Kearny , St., room 1. .
SECOND porter, $15 and found; dining room
porter. $15 and found. 321 Grant ave.
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand, for
sale; sickness. 800 Golden Gate ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO palra second-
hand shoes for sale; BOc up. . 241 Third st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 85; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and ! read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade : barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
FOR SALE^ — Two-chair shop: sacrifice.- 013
Seventh St.. near Market. Oakland. Cal.
ABLE solicitors can earn S100 per week on our
propositions. A. E.-Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 8. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
BOc up; goling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
WANTED— First-class bartender. ' Palace of
Art. 16 Post st. /
PENSION atty., E. A. Bull Is, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c 'night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggjage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • . ■ ■ . • . ■
HOUSES TO, LET.
A— PRINTED. list houses to let; eend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM. '
HYPNOTISM— The new method of hypnotiz-
ing; a grand success; the. course of lessons
explaining this new discovery eent on re-
ceipt of 50 cents. PROF. W. E. LUCAS,
S61 Market Bt. .
.^ HOl^SES^ AND ■ WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sals
•Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VII.r. MFC. CO., 48 Eighth St.
HORSE, $20; horse, $25; buggy. ?30; single coal
or hay wagon,- $40; cart, $7 50. 79 City
Hall ave.
WANTED — A pair of small donkeys, well
broken to double harness; must be sound and
free from vice. Box 3004. Call.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
■ and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of. waeons, bufrsles. carte, harness..
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
. camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured, ladles or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free^ MRS.
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. 628 California Bt.
LOST — A chatelaine purse containing $5 or $6;
also glove order on Moss & Co. 120% Hayes.
LOST — Gold watch set with diamonds, initials
M. R. ; fob and locket set with diamonds;
liberal reward. 411 Clayton Bt.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
v MACHINE WORKS. "f.
ENSIGN Machine "Works. 415% Sacramento st,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine holsta 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
BIATRI3IONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND, PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
, anteed. HOPKE BROS.. , 411 to 415 Powell
et.; tel.- Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult tha specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement. $15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
i residence, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st. near
Taylor, formerly of 1313 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to'8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. «D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. .
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25 yra.*
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
Home, 006 Market, opp. 4th. ■
DR. NG T.OY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite
TJnlon snuare: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MINING.
WANTED — Half grub stake for half Interest in
rich prospect In SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who know country
thoroughly. Box 3115. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, i!d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195 T 197 Fremont St.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special .for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sets. ■ ; -■ ' - ■ » -
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
LOT 2d-hand pipe" all slies; cheap; also new
lot belting: half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE", 516-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hai,s, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10;' dress pants. *2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. <37 Montgomery St.
A VERY fine old violin for sale. New Munici-
pal Loan Of flee, ■ 617 Washington st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815. wo>th $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
20-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined, $5.
( Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER. 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
. BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 6 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 12G Kearny st, rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st-
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELJLAXEOUS WANTS. ~~_
SECOND-HAND window fixtures and show-
cases for men's furnishing goods store. 409
Geary st. •
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Bilverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
,., :^ MO\KrTO LQAJi.
HERMAN^^ MU^Plfrr^oT^xa^ner b^Sidingr
$4,500,000 at lowest rates ........
: on first and second mortgages ......
«f. . Life Interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests lit real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6% & 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Eecond mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real. estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~~ f~
First.'second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY. proposition, any amount: C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, ' estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,'
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 0 Grant ave., nr. Mkt; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 027 Market st. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office 103' Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Bt; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Alrd st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
, out lndorscr or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
. annum, MORRELL, COO Examiner building.
MONFVY TO '■' LOAN Contlniifil.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. : any amt.^. low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by P rlva * d
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; mo °«/
Quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walswqrth ave.. Oakland.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walsworth ave.. Oakland.
Z% ON furniture and. pianos; $15 up: no re-
moval; open evenings. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mrkt.
ON salaries N Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
ccunted. TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: ?5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
gltlons. B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALlTgrades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes: easy payments; big allowance lor
old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased;
our new building and hall will be completad
before March 1; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the hrlidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; ».mong them are an
the standard makes, from $25 up to ?3oO.
open evenings during this sale. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
ALL must be closed out; great removal sale In
all grades of pianos; terms and prices, noth
rent and installment, at your option. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
AT this stage of the holiday business we can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and quality will con-
vince you that we are giving the very best
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction;/ pianos as low as $7u.
We take- cash or payments. Wissner, Decker
& Son Baumeister. Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 709 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, J4 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter *ts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. . •
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Pest Bt.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $35 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
planoa from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
BON. IS to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Mason
fc Hamlln. Voce. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; six-octav*
Mason & Hamlln organ, $35; Steinway
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $273: Bech-
eteln baby strand, almost new. BOWERS &
EON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a pian3
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
*t; established 1850.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap fin-
Etallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st.
A large shipment of LUDWIG planoa Just ar-
rived; also the new CHASE & BAKER self
piano players.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100
upward; values iest In the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
FOR sale, account death: new standard upright
piano; guaranteed; bargain. 777 Geary st
$17? — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bk.
$12S— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75: Erard upright. Hornnng. 218 McAllister.
EUFF.RIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, I Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 21 Turk st, near Market-
Phnnlneer. Fchubert and Stelmray bargains.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. 328 — Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also store. R04 Sansome St.. $10.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. . H. S. WHITE. Rift Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post ; tel. Black 561.
MME. ZELLA. palmist and card reader; 25c
and 50c. 7S3% Market st. ; bring this ad.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell. lawyer. Examiner bldg.
'PERSONALS. " •
LISTEN! Don't buy over $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship is high-priced; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more, no
less; any style. MASTEN, The Tailor, 701
Geary st., corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
. $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guees? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.'
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; It's what you get for what you
pay. They are world-beaters: best value on
earth: made to order. MASTEN, The Tailor,
/ 701 Geary St., corner Leavenworth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electric
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms -
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per Week-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng. manicuring, shampoo-
Ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON "
324 Post st; switches at bargain prices. .'
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale- also
chenille-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WANTED — 100 children to report Friday
10:30 a. m., at etudlo of Professor Both well
Browne. 318 Van Ness ave.. for rehearsal for
Fairyland Carnival.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th"
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-auarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stackton s^ near BVoIdwa"
Gl tnn C t?rr*i< Co - h K S / e ™ oved *r°m, 115 Stock-
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear!
WTRINKLES removed, scientific method. 50c-
££%££% L^bS'RV^s^kt^t 15001
3 ffi^gflgS 1Sff%ggg
A^ IP - y <° u £ halr !5,5 a JL 1 . ln8r or you are b ald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell ; send for circular.
A 7"™ D | A 22 m ? any Permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia st.. cor. 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure reipedv
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary, sf!
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair; moles removed
by electric needle. PCS Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171
ELECTRIC needle iDPcIaltst: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs, H. Eaton. 427 Sutler.
MASQUERADE costumes, play booKs wi«-
country orders.^GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73T. Mkt'
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatn"
cal costumer. O'Farrell: country orders'
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50- dress MT1 i, *o niT
Misfit Clothing Parlo*r. cor. Bush Tn^L^'
DR.. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT "
the best corn cure; 25c; all dWg| sts
PLAJTISO AND TTfRXrvn"j7^^~~~
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
t»t» n c n'DOVNELL — Office and residence.
D ?62fy, M3rke?^t , bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM, berb doctor, successfully
Ueats ait diseases of the human body : see
testimonials at office, llfr-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR WONG WO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
7g4-~66 Clay 8t. : see testimonial* at otnee.
REAL ESTATE — CITk — KOH SAI.S.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New purchases of blocks and lots enable ua
to offer unexcelled bargains.
We • will eave you money; see us cefor.
buying, j
$100 to 5450— Choicest Ocean boulevard lots:
beats any investment in the world; $•> monthly.
$300 to $900— Beautiful Sunset lots: choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, 9th ave., near H st.
$4C0 to $S0O — Best located Richmond lota;
$10 monthly. " J£ :'
$100 to $230— Level building lots near Mls-
slon-st. cars; 50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1350 to $20CK> — Splendid cottages, »n
bargains, on easy terms. «>
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. '
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
SAN FRANCISCO, the great future city — The
most valuable property to-day in S. F. is
that which 20 years ago people were afraid
to buy. Be wise and buy lots now near the
park In Sunset district, with a fine marina
view for $100 each, lot; $1 down, $1 monthly;
only a limited number left.
* JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter »t.
NEW 2-story house fronting the boulevard: 2
blocks south from boulevard park station; for
sale or rent. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter.
IF you want a home we will buy a lot and
build you a house- on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co.. 39 Nevada Block.
2 LOTS Excelsior Homestead: sell cheap or
trade 'for rooming house. 313_2Tth_Bt.
REAL ESTATES-COUNTRY — For Sale
TMPERIAL~SETTLEMENTS.
<£eli THomet Safe Investment*.
Government Lands at Government Price*.
Irrigated lands in valley of Colorado River.
San Diego County, on line Southern Paciflo
Railroad.
Fertility of soil unsurpassed; •water supply
absolutely safe: best winter climate in the
world; wheat. CO bushla per acre; alfalfa 9
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksgiving
market- other fruits from 2 to 6 weeks ahead
of Los 'Angeles: water stocks. $20 per acre;
$5 cash, balance on time.
140,000 Acres Placed in Paat 13 Months.
Crops planted ' last July have already paid
for land and water
For full information address IMPERIAI*
LAND COMPANY, A. Frank Hess, agent.
458 Ninth St.. Oakland. ■
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Small tracts. $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatl Sonoma Co.: future value assured, aa
Ean Francisco is ■ growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California mt-. for pam-
phlets and Information.
PROFITABLE oranare. lemcn, peach & pruno
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. Healy fe Henderson. 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for «ale: write for
free list. C. R. WTNFIELD. Petaiuma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY URAL ESTATE.
$3750 — IN the Hlllegass Tract; One 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: thoroughly mod-
ern: connected with gas and electric lights;
lot 50x156; street work all done; only 6 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
ONLY one left: new house of 9 rooms and
bathr combination fixtures: Sunshine water
heater: fine corner lot: street work all done;
near the station and electric cars; price
$3300.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
12 HOMES, ranging in prices from $M00 to
CCCO on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction: all modern and
have from 8 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms an4
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa.1.
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land lccal from Seventh and Broadway to
San Francisco. Further information apply
A. J. SNYDER.
4«7 Ninth at.. Oakland. Cal.
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNYDER"
Adeline Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE—1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, $6 monthly— New unfinished cot-
tage of 3 rooms; 5 fine lots, all fenced and
cross- fenced: chicken-house and outhouses;
Al well of fine water; large grove of trees;
away from fog3 and raw winds; 2 blocks from
electric cars and 90- foot boulevard: fln»
school, church and town hall; over 100 fam-
ilies on place; very nice neighbors- a cozy
home and a bargain; price in all $690- call
. or send for circular. 455 Seventh st, opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
S. M. DODGE & SON. ~ "
„,.. ,. 1160 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— Something extra nice Jn the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley: lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let as show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for sal*
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 1113
Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY lower flat 8 large rooms: electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gaa grate; largs
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
Bowers; lot elevated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth 5ts.. come •within 1 block. Call or
eddress 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th»
furniture dealer, llth and Franklla Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAVINGS XND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
gomery st. corner of Sutter — The board of
directors declared a dividend for the terra
ending December 31, 1001, at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3^>) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1002. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear the
Eame rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1, 1002.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome st. has declared for the
six months ending December 31, 1901. a divi-
dend r>f 8 per cent per annum on Classes" "A"
and F" stock, 0 per cent on term deposits
and o per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIX Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 1*
Ueary st. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2. 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST ,
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
-, ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deooslts at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on anti
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 1902. J.
JjXALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
ifornia st.. corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the Slst of December. 1901, a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredtha
' (3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
<3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
ClSCtfC— For the half year ending December
81. 1901," a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on alii
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after ;
Thursday. January 2. 1902. GEORGE A.
STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings jand Loan Society. 528
California st. — For the half-year ending with
December 31.. 1901. a dividend has been de-
. clared a» the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2.
1S02. GEORGE TOTJRNY. Secretary.1 ROOMS FOH nOt-^KEEPIXCJ.
OAK.' IS— 3 1^-'' f"" 111 "* 51 basement rooms,
JI0. .•.
srrrrn: :r.c.-Nflv ' f«rni«h*d mtu *n.l
ictteixn:it** ****? : «-replcf for house U Pjr .
THE BELL. :"-•! Kr^nTTIyT^.^
room and sun:i> Ritcben. gaa rant?-; 515. A
ci.assif7fTl> tgywttomtnti and
wrtv«g_at_C»» fcrarioh office. ;^0Q Fmrnore!
A BBAXCB 0T8« '°r. C *U e<Jvrr*u«irnenu a^rt
EdSSr'S" «*ab:s*hed at 103J !
akc.vlk Betd. McAwiEte73^r^?~rrr
tunny; pr.:: r.tlached; I5o «Ja» u-Ji-J- Sf**
ty weok or month: MeAlMst.e/^1'
-Be to H per night; $1 £5 i$*£?£S*2S
light housekeeping moms: BJfiiBSSS
H >£^e"!en^ UIlny rOom>i: new;
''Sfd rc?m "v r i FU^ and Market-Fur
eq rcam ' large front room, $S.
M PJ fA i y>~- corner LUrhth— Newlv furnished
bay-window room; Si per week; transient.
ogneq rooms; t2 a week up: :» = a day up.
° C r^y i ; Vl Urge cunny
front bay window room.
r^^P L^r2, T ~ NMcelj : furnished sunny fulte*:
<Ms% rooms; running water; phone Black
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms ar.4
c.flces; elevator: elec. light?: day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eiphth et..
»*ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
Sl l T^5 R - ;3=014 <The Stanford)— Suites from *»
to $.: singles. $2 to S5 per weefc; transient.
VURK, 543— Large front room; 15 minutes'
wa.k from Kearr.y; grate, gas. bath.
C^ A Jl? IF ? Er> ■dwrtis'eraents and subscriptions
recelv gd at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A B £. AICC H office for Call advertisement* and
futscnptlons has b;en established at 1C3H
\ al«ric'.a Et.
ROOMS AXD BOARD,
HOTEL Der.nieton, ccr. Valencia and 21et sts
In the "Wtrm Belt"; free from prevailing
.ogs; choice fur.r.y suits; first class.
THE Irvlnedale. «2« Eddy— Suite suitable for
three pentlemen v ith beard. Jt50; single rooms
■with board, if 22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont. 41S Ellis— Everything new; most
«?leeant;y furnished apartments; first-class
g'.n:r;g-roora.
THE Audubon. Ilo5 Hyde st.— Fine rconjs I
single or suite; excellent bo&rd.
CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
.asily hotel: exceptional table: popular ratet.
HARRISON. 1122B— X!oderr. flat: one larce
room, cne single; with or without boara.
VAN NESS. f.l» — Handsome furnished apart-
mects: conv.; 2 to 5 pect«: best table board. J
NIARA. €13 Tavlcr— Ni=ely furnished mnn/ j
room*: excellent board: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeiier. TS1 Sutter— Newly furnished; I
_exc*i!fnt table: rr-eclcl rates to tourlgta.
ROOMS AXD HOARD _ WASTED.
1VORKINGMAN with 3 children, youngest » !
ye*", wishes good horr.e with respectable !
persons: terms moderate. Box 304X Call.
RIPTIRE SAXITAJt I U3I.
Kl-PTUKE cure! Et HCNTER'5 S ANITA-
R1."M. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
ir.ver.-j.cn in the world that will net torture, j
SPECIAL. NOTICES. — -
BAD tenants ejected for 54: collections made* !
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montsomery st.. rooms 9-10;tel.55S0. !
* i:\vixo BiAciiiyss axd supplies.
ALL kinds boupht. sold, rented, exchanged; re- |
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4tn. j
ALL kinds bought, told, rented, exchanged; re- |
pairing: loweet rates: phene Mint 45. 145 Cth. j
PIERCE-RODOLPH Etorage and Movlne Co.,
office Poat and Powell sts.; tel. Main C713.
GOLDEN WEST Etor&ee Warehouse, 84'J Mis-
eion M.. : tel. Howard 941. F. W". ZEHFUSS. j
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving . Com- '
pany, 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone JacKson 28L |
liEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission 6t. ;
tel. Main 1840: chipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
G REAT^BARGAIN8^n"t vfE^VRrfERS^We
t*il better isachlnes lor less rconey than any
bouEe in the city; renu.1*. %&. The Typewriter
Exchange. CSii California; telephone &l&in M6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;eEtimate free. 20S> Eansome.
Piioyu&Ax.s.
♦liOPOSALS FOR PAPEH FOK THE PUBLIC
PRINTING AND BLNDING— bealed propo-
tais will be received until January i, I«y2,
fct 10:30 o'clock a. m., for lurcishinc the
I-aper for the public printing and binding for
the year ending 2Sth of February, l'JOJ, th<s
.-iiid proposals to be opened before and the
feW&rQ of contracts to be made by tbe Joint
Committee of Congress on Public Printing
;o the lowest and best bidder for the inter-
est of the Government, the committee reserv-
ir.g to itaeif the right to reject any and all
bias. &s its Judgment of the best interests
of the Government may dictate.
Detailed echedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W.
l'a'.mer. Public Printer. Washington. IX C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more.
Tbe estimated quantities eet forth in detail
in the schedule comprise:
*.",GChj rennf machine-finish printing paper,
S4x3S.
20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper, ;
SfexlS.
GC.OOO reams tired and cuper-calendered
white or tinted printing paper,
various eires.
«l,500 reams white writing paper, various
size* and weights.
3,600 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weight*.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
50.000 pounds of b*Et plate paper.
2:k>,OOO pounds of best map paper.
1 O75,OtX) pounds euperfin* (eingle and double) ,
coated book paper.
3,600 reams nianila paper, various sizes and
weights.
100,000 pounds bond paper.
i:u.000 pound* artificial parchment, various ,
eizes.
4,000 pounds parchment aeea.
I'M.vOO eheets cardboard, various colors, sizes,
and weights.
S, 100,000 sheets brietol board, various colors,
Eizes and weights. \, • '-'
7 000 rearms Erst-clas» ledger p«.p«r, white
or blue. laH or wove, various sizes
and we'ights.
fe 500 reams second-class ledger paper,
white or blue, laid or wove, various (
cize8 and weights.
G.400 reams tissue and copying paper.
35 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
LOO reams plaid, marbie. comb and lining
paper, various bIim,
800 reams typewriter paper, various siees
and weights.
1.115 reama letter, not« and quarto-post
paper.
£00 r< a-rris white French folio. 17x23.
2,000 sheets parchment, lSx£l.
Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
ctcs* on Public Printing.
F. XV. PALMER. Public Printer.
Washington. P. C. December 19. 1901.
c \LE of homing pigeons belonging to tbe
"'united States Navy — There will be sold at
the navy yards, Portsmouth. N. H. : Brook-
lyn N. T. ; Norfolk. Va.; Mare Island, Cal.;
Training Suction. Newport. R. I., and Naval
Station. Key West. Fla_. all the homing
pigeons belongtn^ to the na\-y and now at the
several yards and etationn above mentioned,
about 67 pairs of breeders and •.bout S<>0
filers In all. The birds at each station will be
offered in palra of" breeders and small tots of
fliers, and bidders will have the option of
bidding for jjert or all at any one or more
stations The pale will be for cash to the
H«rhe5t bidder by sealed proposals, to be
owned at 12 o'clock noon. December 30. 1901.
at all the yards and stations on the Atlantic
Coast, and January 11. l»02. at the Navy-
yard Mare Island. Cal. Schedule showing
number and kind of birds at each wtation, and
' «ont»inlner form of proposals nnd terms of
Fale will be furnished upon application to
■ »he Commandants of thp several yards men-
iioned. JOHN D. LONG. Secretary of the
Kavy.
*" LEGAL AOVEKTlSEMiiXTii.
Men's Legal Bureau," oonsulta-
1££ Jre*: tn bankruptcy and filvorct proceed-
fri. Mxties cot required to «o Irito court
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
BORN.
Wir^of \\-m. city u«*n\b«r 25. 1001. to the
FRvv-i " llam A - Oox ' daughter.
the ' ul'7 °f S his cIty ' Member 2* l ' Ml - to
son. Of Uave *>anks uice Labllng). a
* ihe^Trr 1 ? t^.' 3 city ' December 25. 1001. to
tne * ire O f X:iit z W. Paxton. a son.
DIED. ~~
t£r^ r ' i^ Ulla , r.- Onken. William J.
g*Zr "avid K. luton. Susanna
lW^T Joh S , 1'atchsl. Hush
Brennan. Helen Perrin. Edward R.
CovpRej- John Phillips. William V.
lJev.iri. Annie Primus, Mary G. •
l-insolen. Frledericke .Pryal. Ella O. ••
<£ m n V Jam<>s A - Robertson. Matilda J.
Margaret Ityan, Margaret
llennffsy. >l*ry Fchemit. Maria B. -^
llolman. Annie E. Schlcrel. Peter J.
Ivukiza. Mic»?lle Smith, Rocine
Lehman, Clara Steinmetr. Ausrust
Lew Ho Kay Waltjen, Delia
M?M Oney< Mary E - Whitney, Mary T.
Milieu. Catherine A. Wolf. August
O Connor, John :
UER3EZ — In this city~ December 24. 1901,
Ju.ia Berxoz. beloved wife of Aususte Ber-
ccz, and nv-her of Lucille Bercez. and
Uaugl-.ter of Ms a. Julien Raffestin. and step- I
daughter of Julien Raffestin. and grand- i
'laughter of Mrs. J. Oibiry, a native of San
Diego. Cal.. asred 20 years.
Bp^Friends an d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the French
church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BHRRV — In this city. December 24, 1901, Da-
vid IC. beloved son of Catherine and the i
late IV. D. Berry, a native of Oakland, Cal..'!
aged 5 years 2 months and 7 day*.
CTThe* funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McDrearty &. Green, 1171 Mission
fctreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. !
BOESK -In this city, December 25. 1901. John |
Iiofsc, a native of Germany, aged 36 years I
and C days. !
BRENXAN— In this city. December 24, 1901, I
Helen llrennan. beloved daushtes of Hugh
J. and Nellie Brennan, and loving sister of
Marie Krennan. a native of San Francisco,
ased 2 years and 9 months. (Pittsburg ami
Cincinnati papera cleave copy.)
t~f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at CM
Willow Hvenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
COVENEY — In this city, December 25, 1901,
John Coveney, a native of County Cork, Ire-
iand. aged 3S years. (Sacramento papers
please co;>y.)
(ETThe luacral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the carlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Internment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DKVLIN — In this city. December 23. 1901. I
Annie, beloved wife of the late Mark Dev- '
Hn, 8nd mother of James, Edward, Annie j
and John Devlin and Mrs. James O'Riley, j
Mrs. William Doran and the late Mark Dev- |
lin, a native of Canada, aged 75 years. ;
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday!, at 9 o"clock. from her lete resi-
dence, 015 Morse avenue, off Mission road, !
Six-Mile House, thence to St. Ann's Church, I
Colma, where a requiem high mass will be ;
celebrated for the repese of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EINSELEN— In this city. December 24. lfiOl, \
FTiedericke Einselen, dearly beloved mother j
of Mrs. J. Malfantl and Charles R., Gustave !
A. and Henry Eineelen, and 6lster of Mrs. [
Henry Gutzeit. a native of Wurtemberg,
: Germany, aged 77 years 3 months and 24
days. !
C^Friends and acaualntances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ■
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between E«venth and Eighth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city. December 24, 1901,
: James A., husband of Annie Flynn. and
father of Cecelia A. and William J. Flynn,
; and brother of Res? E. Flynn, and youngest
eon of Margaret and the late Joseph Flynn,
| a native of New York, aged 2*J years 2
months and 11 days.
MEMBERS of Leo Assembly No. 4. Young j
Men's Catholic Union, are hereby notified to i
attend the funeral of our late brother, James !
A. Flynn, 4S1 Hayes street, to-morrow (Fri- |
day), at 9 o'clock sharp, thence to Sacred
: Heart Church at 9:30 o'clock.
JOHN T. BURNS, Rec. Sec.
GALLAGHER— In Berkeley. December 24,
1901. Marcaret. beloved wife of Frank E.
Gallagher, and mother of F. J.. Mary, J. L.,
Alice, James, Willie and Thomas Gallacher
and Sister Irene of the Sisters of the Holy
Family, a. native of Canada, aged 50 years
and 4 months.
CTFriends and acouaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day [
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl- ,
dence. 2028 Francisco Btreet. thence to St. !
Joseph's Church, where a eolemn requiem ;
high mass will be celeberated for the repose i
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In- i
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. '
HENNESSY— In this city. December 24. 1901. j
Mary Hennesey, beloved Flster of the /late j
Alice Hennessy. a native of. County Water- j
ford. Ireland, aged 80 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Thursday), at 8:."0 o'clock, from her lati .
residence, 12 Walnut avenue, thence to St. ;
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencing et 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
10:40 o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and
I Valencia streets.
| HOLMAN— In this city. December 25. 1901.
; Annie E., beloved wife of John Holman. and
i mother of Lizzie Holman, and niece of Wil-
! l'am Steelman of Sutter County, a native of
New Orleans, aged 40 years 2 months and 25
days.
KUKIZA— In Aznews, Cal.. December 22, 1901,
Michelle Kukiza, a native of Austria, aged
63 years. A member of the Austrian Benev-
olent Society.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street. • Interment Laurel Hill
Ceraetery. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co.. 1239 Market Btreet. between
Eighth and Ninth.
LEHMAN— In this city. December 24. 1001.
Clara, beloved wife of Max Lehman, and
' mother of Sol. Adolph and Charlie Lehman
and Mrs. D. E. Harris and Ray Lehman, a
native of Germany, aged 53 years 8 months
I and 14 daj-s.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
•Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1431 Webster street, between O'Farrell
and Geary.
LEW HO KAY— In the City and County Hos-
pital, December 25. 1901, Lew Ho Kay. a
native of China, aged 40 years.
MARONEY — In this city, December 25, 1901.
Mary E., beloved daughter of Kate and the
late John Maroney, a native of Philadel-
phia, Pa. •
tOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
♦ Friday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at the mortuary chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital.
MILLETT — At Colma, San Mateo County. Cal.,
December 25. 1901, Catherine A., beloved
daughter of Michael and Bridget Millett, and
s-ister of James H. a John E., Martin M. and
Joseph F. Millett, a native of Colma, Ban
Mateo County, aged 27 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Frldey), at »:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, Colma, thence to St. Ann's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR — In the City and County Hospital,
December 25. 1001. John O'Connor, a native
of Ireland, aged 05 years.
OKKEN — In this city, December 25, 1901, Wil-
liam J.. beloved husband of Emma Onken,
a native of Germany, aged 61 years 10
months and 3 days.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
PATON — In thin city, December 24, 1901, Su-
eanna, wife of John II. Faton, and aunt of
Mrs. Walter R. Nichols, a native of St.
Georsre, New Brunswick.
5t7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lJWited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), from St. Charles Church, Corner
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets. ' at 9
o'clock, where services will be held. Inter-
ment private.
PATCHEL— In the City and County Hospital,
December 25. 1901, Hugh Patchel, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 45 years. ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M&r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF.CB 916 MARKET STREET, t V
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMES McGINN, j
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Pariors at 214 Eddy st. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
1 - 2 Z. mn * ** Fifth St. Tel. South 167 I
rUNFRAL OIRECTOaS AND EMBALMERS. J
f -"*,*- g«I"*P~*nt_sTt M«dcw»£~Riktyrl
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.~|
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, ■
31 EDDY STREET,
Telephone South 252. • 6an Francisco. I
fCo Connection With Any Other House. '
!KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
Eamuel McFadden, 18 years I manager for
tbe United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
KcBrearty. with the same company for It
year*: P. F\ Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., fcav« opened new Funeral Par-
lors «t 1171 Minion street, between Seventh
3 and Elshth. Telephone South 44.
THE SAN FRAKC1SCO CAL.L, THURSDAY, DEC&MJSlCJK SS' 1901.
1
PERRIN— In Oakland, DecemLer 23, 1001, Ed-
ward R. Perrin. beloved brother of Mrs. A.
M, Cayety, a native of Detroit. Mich., aged
7« yearn «l months and 21> day«.
GITTrlencls and acquaintances nrs respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hall. Fourth street, naar Market. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains ot the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
1C5 Powell street, near Pc«t.
PHILLIPS — In this city, December 24. 1001,
William V. Phillips, a native of North Caro-
lina, nged 3S years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thuisday). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvov & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eichth and Ninth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
PRIMUS— In this city. December 25, 1001,
Mary O., beloved wife of Nelson A. Primus,
a native of Nantucket, R. I., aged C5 years
10 months and IS days.
PRIMUS— In the City and County Hospital,
December 2!>. 1901. Mary G. Primus, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 36 years.
PRYAL— In this city. December 25, 1001, Ella
G. Pryal of Claremont, Oakland, daughter of
A. D. and the late Mary A. Pryal. and sis-
ter of William A.. James A.. Charles L..
Mary and Elizabeth Prjal.
tC7Funeral from the undertaking parlors
of Carcw & Enzllsh, 29 Van Ness avenue,
as per announcement to be made in to-mor-
row morning's papers.
ROBERTSON— In this city. December 25, 1901.
Matilda J., wife of the late John Robertson,
and grandmother of Stanley and William B.
Glidden.
RYAN — In this city, December 24, 1901. Mar-
caret, beloved wife of Patrick Ryan, and
mother of John and the late William and
Mary Ryan, and sister of Mrs. James Fitz-
gerald and Mrs. Mary Davis and John Foley
and the late Hannah Colbert, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
icy Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), ot 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, i:5ir Scott street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SCHEMIT— In this city. December 23, 1001,
Maria Ii.. beloved wife of the late J. J.
Sehemlt, and stepmother of G. E. Bacon and
Mrs. L. A. Sorbier, and aunt of Teresa Bizzi.
a native of Italy, aged 70 years 10 months
and 14 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Egliss
de Notre Dame des Victoires (French church),
• Bush street, between Dupont and Stockton.
Intern.ent Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerreo streets.
SCHLEGEL — In this city. December 24, 1901,
Peter J., beloved husband of Margarethe
Schlegel, and father of Mrs. Marie A. Rein-
ecke, and grandfather of Alfred W. Rein-
ecke. a native of Germany, aged 71 years 10
months and 10 days. (Plttsburg, Pa., papers
please copy.)
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitfd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 10 Baker street, between Haight and
Pace, and thence by electric funeral car,
leaving corner Guerrero and Eighteenth
streets, at 2 o'clock, to Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery for interment. Please omit flowers.
SMITH — In Oakland, Decemeber "25, 1001,
Roslne. beloved wife of William H. Smith,
and mother of Charles H.. Sanford and Os-
car Smith and Mrs. S. K. Irish and Mrs.
Emma Klnnear. a native of Germany, aged
73 years.
STEINMETZ — In this city, December 22, 1901,
August Stelnmetz, brother of Sophie Steln-
rnetz and Teresa Keith, a native of Alsace,
ayed 40 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. A
member of Marin Lodge, San Rafael, No.
20, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
WALTJEN — In this city. December 25. 1901,
Delia, wife of the late John Henry Waltjen,
and mother of Ruth and Margurette Walt-,
jen, pnd daughter of Patrick and the late
Bridget Mullen, and niece of Hanora Mul-
len, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 29
years.
\ry Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7«7 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
WALTJEN— In the City and County Hospital.
December 25, 1901, Delia Waltjen, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 30 years.
WHITNEY — In Redlands. Cal., December 21,
1VKI1, Mary T., wife of George H. Whitney,
and daughter of William J. and Sarah Flow-
ers, ayed 30 ye*>rs.
E?" Interment Ferndale, Humboldt County.
Cal.
WOLF — In this city, December 23, 1901. Au-
gust, dearly beloved son of Richard an.i
Anna Wolf, and loving brother of Henry and
Anneta Wolf, and grandson of Henry Roich,
and nephew of Joseph Roich, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years.
inyFriends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents, 14J!» Powell street,
between Broadway and Vallejo. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable A
107 POWELL ST.NtAaELUS TSSf. 50SC
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 25, 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours :
Last 21 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 KJ.07 20. Wl
Hed Bluff 0.00 9.06 8. SI
Sacramento 0.00 B.ttS 7.C8
Pan Francisco 0.00 5.80 7.22
Fr?sno 0.00 2.17 5.43
Independence 0.00 1.84 2.31
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.50 10.20
Los Angeles 0.00 2.45 fi.70
San * PiegO g.; ;7.~: .:.. :■ 0. 00 0.77 1 . 73_
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
04; minimum, 54; mean. 50.
THE COAST RECORD.
k £ i 5 i j
STATION. | SIP § I| |* |
iff"? • 5 ' 3 * n "*
Baker .10.32 38 20 NW Cloudy 00
Astoria 30.20 50 44 SW Rain .54
Carson 30.40 44 20 S Clear .00
Eureka 30.36 52 38 N Pt Cldy .00
Fresno 30.24 00 S8 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.32 44 10 NE Clear .00
i Pocatello. Ida.:J0.32' 30 2<> SW Pt Cldy .07
; Independence. .30. 18 54 30 N Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. 04 80 40 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 30.00 CO 36 W Clear .00
Portland 30.24 50 44 S Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.20 C4 50 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30. 3« 62 40 SE Clear .55
Sacramento ..30.22 C4 48 N Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.36 38 32 E Clear .00
! San Francisco30.22 64 54 SW Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 30. 10 CS 52 N Clear ' .00
San Diego... .20. 98 74 42 E Clear .00
Seattle 30.10 50 42 S Cloudy .01
Spokane 30.12 40 30 S Cloudy .04
Neah Bay 29.08 48 40 SW Rain .02
"Walla Walla.. 30. 18 48 36 S Cloudy .02
"Winnemucca .30.34 42 24 SW Clear .00
Yuma 30,04 72 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of moderate energy is central over
British Columbia, and rain has fallen over
Washington and Northwestern Oregon. Else
where on the Pacific Slope fair weather pre
vails. The pressure has fallen over Oregon
and Washington and risen over California and
the plateau region.
The temperature has risen along the coast
of Southern California and remained nearly
stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 26. 1001:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, except
cloudy in the extreme northern portion; light
variable winds.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy In north portion; fair In
south portion Thursday; warmer In north por
tion; Ught southerly wind.
fcan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light northeasterly wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (SHsslon-atreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 26.
Sun rises , 7:23
Sun sets i 4:57
Moon rises e:40 p. m.
O Time ' Time I'i'lnie Time
P 5 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S H W L W H W L W
20 0:41 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 0.5 «Il8 -^L3
27 1:2S 5.1 U:0t5 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03—1.0
28 2:11 &.3 7:04 2.« 1:OB B.8 7:48—0.8
29 '_ > :.1«i S.4 8:1)8 2.5 2:0(i S.^ 8:31 0.1
SO 3:38 5.4 »:17 2.4 3:10 4.U 0:16 0.0
31 4:21 6.5 10:30 2.2 4:10 4.2 10:01 1.2
1 E:16 5.6 11:riO 1.0 0:41 3.8 11:07 1.8
2 0:05 f..4 12:40 1.0| 7:02 3.7
KOTt: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand coiutnn and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. Tho heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
giver; Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charte. The plane of reference la the mean of
the. lower low waters.
SHIPS ARE GAY
WITH BUNTING
Flags and Evergreens
Us9d in Decoration
of Ships.
Masters of Vessels in Fort Join
in the Celebration of
the Holiday.
Christmas day was not celebrated in a
very ostentatious manner along the water
front. Many of the vessels in the harbor
had branches of evergreen at the mast
head and a few of them were decorated
with signal flags. The vessels noticeable
by reason of- their decorations were the
Sonoma and Lady Wentworth and the
transports Sheridan and Thomas.
Three hundred apprentices from the
English vessels in the harbor sat down to
a dinner given by the Seamen's Institute
at the hall on East street yesterday. They
spent several hours in disposing of all the
good cheer and edibles provided by the
institute, and returned to their various
ships grateful and pleased.
Boatman Harry Johnson rescued two
men from the waters of the bay early
yesterday morning. They are Joe Ander
son and Charles Christiansen, sailors.
They got .into an argument over their
swimming abilities, with the result that a
wager was made that Anderson could not
beat Christiansen swimming to Goat Isl
and. The men started on the race, but
the water was cold and becoming fright
ened they shouted for help. Johnson
heard their cries, put off in a boat and
pulled them out of the water twenty feet
from the end of Folsom-street pier, their
starting point.
The steamer Sonoma is scheduled to sail
for Sydney via Honolulu to-day at 10
a.m. She will leave on time if the colo
nial mails are not delayed.
The captain of the American ship Aryan
has not a very good memory, and to hia
forgetfulness is due the prevention of his
ship leaving port. The shipping laws pro
vide that all vessels shall be inspected at
least'- once a year. The Aryan's captain
forgot that more than a year had elapsed
since his ship had been inspected, and in
consequence when he trie'd to clear yes
terday he was notified that his ship could
not leave port until the local inspectors
had passed 1 upon her serviceability. As
the Aryan is loaded with grain for the
United Kingdom the captain's lack of
memory is likely to prove costly.
The America Maru Is the next vessel
due to arrive from the Orient. The Aus
tralia, from Tahiti, is due here any day.
The only deep water vessel to leave the
harbor yesterday was the big schooner
Helene. She sailed for Honolulu.
Andrew Sivertsan was treated at the
Harbor Hospital yesterday for burns in
flicted by carbolic acid. He claimed that
the fluid had been thrown into his face
by a jealous woman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ; \
Wednesday, December 25.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 86 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 16 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 81 hours from New
Whatcom.
Bktn J. M. Griffith, Arey, 11 days from
Port Hadlock.
Schr Monterey. Panzer. .
Schr Compeer. Laplng, 11 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Dauntless, Smith, 9 days from Fair
haven,
Schr Sophie Christensen, Lunvaldt, 10 days
from Port Blakeley. ... - .
Schr Lettitla, Zachary, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San
D'eso.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka.
Schr Helene, Christiansen, Honolulu.
Bark Carondelet. Faxe. Port Gamble.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 25 — 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 6 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr National City — Dec, 25, 1:45 a. m..
28 miles NW bf Point ReyeB, pick up disabled
stmr Gualala and towed her to port. Gualala
had broken boiler tubes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 24— Br atmr Salfor
dla, for St. Vincent.
Arrived Dec 25 — Stmr Washtenaw, from San
Francisco; Dec 24 — Br stmr Falls of Keltie,
from Seattle. -»-.
PORT TOWNSEND^-Arrlved Dec 25— Stmr
Tampico, from Honolulu; Ger ship Robert
Rlckmers, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Dec 2.1— Br stmr BangaTore, for Val
paraiso; stmr Oceano, for Manila: stmr Sal
fordia, for United Kingdom.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 25— Stmr Walla
Walla, for San Francisco; stmr Eureka, for
Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 25 —
Stmr Aztec, from Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 25— Fr bark Chas.
Gonoud. from Nagasaki; bktn Encore, from
Honolulu: schr Winchester, hence Dec 6.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Meteor,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Vader
land, for Antwerp, via Cherbourg; stmr Ger
manic, for Liverpool; stmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton.
Arrived Dec SS-^-Stmr Bolivia, from Genoa,
Leghorn, Naples and Gibraltar.
■ Arrived Dec P-5— Stmr Majesty, from Liver
pool and Queenstown.
Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Llgurla, from Genoa
and Naples.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Mandalay.... Coquille River Dec. 20
PleiadcH Comox Dec. 2(i
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay... Dec. 20
Pomona Humboldt Dec- 20
K. Dollar San Pedro Dec. 20
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria. . . . Dec. 2G
Santa Kosa. .' San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 26
Corona Newport & Way, Ports. Dec. 26
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Dec. 26
Australia.... Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Maru.. China &~ Japan Dec. 27
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Dec, 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro -. Dec °8
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot. Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec 28
Eureka. Humboldt Dec. 23
Maria Nanalmo Dec. 28
Empire Coos Bay Dec 28
San Jose Panama & Way Porta.. Dec. 29
Edith.. Seattle ....Dec 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 20
Washtenaw . . Tacoma . '. Dec. 29
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Dec. HO
Nome City... Seattle ;.. Dec 30
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. Dec' 31
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Dec 31
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 31
Rival Willapa Harbor Dec. 31
TO SAIL. ■ ■■•,*■?»
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 2G.
n. Dollar.. Seattle ft Everett... 5pm Pier 2
Chs. Nelson Humboldt 5 pm Pier °
Sonoma.... Sydney. & Way Pts. 10am Pier 7
'- ■'" '* "£• December 27.
Sequoia...'. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier °
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier u
December 2M.
Corona..... Newport & Way.... 9am Pier 11
Point Arena Paint Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 5pm Pier lo
San Juan. . Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm PMSB
Pomona. . . Humboldt 1 :30p Pier 9
December 2O. -.
Mandalay.. Coquille River... 5pm Pier 2
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10am Pier 13
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9am Pier 10
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
O. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2*
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
December 3O.
Empire.... Cooa Bay «..'.. 12 m Pier 13
December 31."
Rainier.... Seattlo & N Whatcm 5pm Pier 2
Jnnnary' 1.
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier '9
- January 2.-
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 6pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts Dam Pier 11
FROM- SEATTLE. ~ r
Steamer. . ' ; ' For. ;'• Sails.
City Seattle. . Skagway & WayPorta Dec .TO
Cottage City. RkaRway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Al-Kl...:.... Skajrway & "Way Ports.lJan: 5
Bertha....... Valdez and Kodlak |Jan. 7
SUFFERS WHILE
VESSEL DRIFTS
Fireman John Henery of
the Gualala Scalded
by Steam.
Bursty Pipe the Cause of
Serious Accident on
a Schooner.
John Henery, a fireman on the steam
lumber Bchooner Gualala, swathed in
bandages, suffering untold agony anu
hoping and praying that death would
come and end his pain, was brought
ashore from the vessel named yesterday
at noon, shortly after it . had
been towed Into port by the steamer Na
tional City. Blistered from head to foot
It hardly seemed possible that he would
ever reach land, *ut reach it he did anil
he is now occupying a cot at the Marine
Hospital.
John Henery's experience on the voyage
of the Gualala which ended yesterday is
one that he will long remember If he sur
vives. An iron steam pipe burst in the
engine room of the vessel and for three
minutes the unfortunate iireman was un
der the steam. That he was able to es
cape with his life is due to the bravery of
Assistant Engineer Houston of the Gua
lala.
Overcome by the Steam.
The p*pe burst Tuesday night about 7
o'clock, when Henery was the only man
of the engineer's force on duty. The
Gualala was carrying a full head of steam
at Ihe time, and in a moment the engine
room, which is a small one, was filled with
the vapor. With the bursting of the pipe
came the darkness, for the lack of steam
caused the shutting down of the dynamo
which lighted the ship. Henery, blinded,
made a dash for the companlonway lead
ing, from the engine room to the upper
deck. He was confused, ran into a
Btanchion and was thrown to the floor.
Regaining his feet he tried again, but his
scalded, blistered frame was not equal
to the task and he^fell once more to the
floor, and this time he remained where he
fell. His shipmates, who had been awak
ened by the explosion and the hissing
sound of the escaping steam, were crowd
ed about the hatchway leading to the
room where the explosion occurred,
shouting and yelling directions to the un
fortunate fireman. They received only
groans in reply. ,
Houston to the Rescue.
Finally Houston dashed down the steps
which Henery had been seeking blindly
and holding on to the rail swept his
hands about him. They came in contact
with Henery's prostrate form and in a
moment the fireman was dragged Into the
air, but so blistered that he was scarce
recognisable. Then came a time of suffer
ing for the unfortunate man. The vessel,
bereft of power to stem the wind and cur
rent, drifted about helplessly. For hours
the craft was at the mercy of wind and
wave, and during all this time Henery,
despite all the efforts of his shipmates,
suffered intensely.
At 3 a. m. yesterday, when the Gualala
was fifteen miles south of Bowens Land
ing, the steamer National City was sight
ed, and a blue rocket summoned her to the
aid of the lumber schooner.
All possible speed was made by the
National City after she had taken the
schooner in tow and at noon yesterday
she reached port. Henery was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where his blistered
body was dressed. He was then sent to
the Marine Hospital. He is terribly
burned and it is not expected that he will
recover. Henery i3 a single man and re
sides at 308 Folsom street.
Traded Salmon for Beer.
George McLaughlin was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging him with
petty larceny. He is accused along with
others of stealing nine cases of salmon
from one of McNab & Smith's trucks on
Brannan street, near Zoe, Monday. Three
of the cases were recovered from a saloon
on Brannan street, where it is said Mc-
Laughlin exchange them for beer.
OCEAII TRAVEL.
l>acifioTcoasTlN^^
i )L Steamers leave Broadway
fcfflj^^ AVharf, San Francisco:
S^^ftsik *' or Alaskan ports — 11 a.
■ v : S*^c£V>*fc m-> Dec. '2'2, 27. Jan. 1.
»5t |W?!i<£i3-l Change to company's steam-
i ®k*sg9\2sl eri; at Seattle.
! MCsJmSlS For Victoria Vancouver (B.
; f* S «*5§&?¥*M C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett and New
"*H\ Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Dec. 2. 7, 12, H, 22. 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Taccma for N.
P. Ry. ;' at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:SO p. m.,
Dec. 3, 8, 13, IS. 23. 28. Jan. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
K eles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sunday?, 9 a. m.
Steamer State bf Cal., Wednesdays, » a. m.
For Los Anireles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. Stin Slmaon. Cayucos, Port Harfor.l
rSan Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newsort— Steamer Corona. Saturdays, 9
a. m. . ■
For Ensennda, Magdalena Bay, San Jos=e del
Cabo. Mnzatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia nnd Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain the com-
pany's folders.
The comnany reserves the right to chanjr-
stfnmer?, sRlllnpr. days and hours of saillcs
without previous notlre.
TICKKT OFFICE — * New Montsomery
street (Pnlc.re Hotel).
GOODALL, PEBKINS & CO.. Oen. Asrents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
—TO —
Ports in Mexico,
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $00. Includ-
ing Meals and Berth.. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sailing from San
Francisco January 7th, due back January 27th,
will call at the following Mexican ports: . En-
senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo.
Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No, 10
Market St.. San Francisco.
O.. #?, & /¥„ CO,
Only Ste>«xn*»l»i-p> Xilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all mil or stcamshin and rail, at
XJO17V3ESS1* OEV.A.I'IES.
STEAMER TICKETJ INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24, Jan. 3, 13, 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER .*
Sails Dec. 20, Jan. 8. 13, 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDQN, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul.. Jan. llPhlladelphla ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 St. Paul Jan. 29
Et. Louis ..Jan. 15 1 St. Lou la Feb. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesday* at 12 noon/
Haverford Jan. liSouthwark ....Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. • S Vaderland .Jan. 2»
Frlesland . .Jan. l.MKenslngton ....Feb. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. I
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, ao Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Gia Sud Americana de Vaporss
To Valparaiso. 5 stopping at Mexican, Central
nnd South American porta. Sailing from How-
ard, 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
SANTIAGO Jan. 7|PERU ; ; . . .
LOA .-.:.......!
These steamers are' built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). . Freight
and passenger office. .'!lu California street.
. BALFOUR, GUTIIIUE & CO.. Gen. Ag£»U.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Holiday Fun and Folly
><-—^^\ Too much of a good thing"!
/fi\ >^\/" < ?^ That's what we are all lia-
vC \fe/ k* e to take during a holi-*
/^^mjC^^ jfCV day season. Healthy, jolly.
S> "^||L_}S/i \ >^ people will, do it and make
/TT^^|v5 ' themselves sick. "In time
Jfjl^ J j of peace prepare for war,"
and have about the house a
f r^^^^^^^^S —^> pleasant, perfect, palatable,
t S^fv: <^* >iii<^^^S^^ positive medicine for .sour
- '**^^ stomach, sick headache,
. . """" colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad,
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
waht;Va tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or •'■?
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure. •
/r?T\AATinlr\ Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, ssc 50c. Never sold in bulk.
IVVv^i/ «VV% The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
Tlj ._ money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
8tcrliag Remedy Company, Chicago or New Y«w>. m
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Yoyo kisen kaisha.
STEA2.IERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COK-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calllnK at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanxnal and
connecting at ' Hon?konK with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4th. 1902
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 25th, l!>02
Sound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R, R. ! S !
TO NEW YORX V!\ PAtUMi DIREST.
Cabin, tlO5; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
K. S. Argyll * alls Tuesday, Jan. 21
S. S. Leelanaw rails tfonday. Feb 3
S. *»• Argy'I rnili Monday. A'ar. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, S30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 20. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti r~.
Jan. 4. '02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
., Saturday, Jan. 4, *02, 2 p. m.
i. D.SPHECKELS it tm. CO., Bmra, Agents. 327 Hsrta St
f.on'1 Passenger OfScs, 843 liarket St., Pisr He. 7. PaciSa St
C0MPAGNI3 GENERAL IRANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS »+>^
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot -'/ffiaSs
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, «jR*BSEB5
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upwards Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
EAT AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY yTFTnTyALLEJD
Steamers GStf. FRISBI3 or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Train s— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local LtnVd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:*) a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30* »:11 P
" Fresno... 2:03 p 2:X5 p 3:1ft a 10:50 p
11 Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• Vl«alia.. 3:30 p 5:0Oa
•' Bakersfld 6il5 p 5:20 p T:45a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
■ " Chicago 2:15 p »:00 p
a lor morning, p for atternoon.
0:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to IJakerstloSd for accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at. 7:05 a. m.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
S:00 p. m. Is the Qverland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m,
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Office8—€41 Market Btreet nnd in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
HORTB PACIFIC COAST BAHROAH
Via SauMilt* Faery.
Commencing Seiuember 'M, lUOi.
prOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
*" AND SAN RAFAEL. "—-*
■WEEK DAYS — 6:65, S:SO, •»:S0, 11:00 a. rn.
•1-45 3:15. 4:15. 6:15. »0:J5, B:45 p. m. ."
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondayi, Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 8:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS- -S:00. *10:0O. •ll:30a.'m.. »1:1V
315 »4:45. 6:30. 0:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 0:27. 7:46, 3:35, 10.13
a m . $2:25. 2:15, '3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p.' m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
• nrt Saturdays at 6:45 and «:jo p. m.
3^i Y 5^4i45f-.; s :^- P ; l0 m 00 - •"?« - -i
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43 7:53. 8:55. 10.30
a m 12-35 2:45. 3:60, 6:10 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedne«day«
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:08, 10:06 a. m.. 12:08, 2:13,
«:»»:•* •g R^»j H . TlulNa>
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive i
San Fran. Foot of Market St San Fran. !
WeeiTSuTT T^ t , Ur . m . tniaKB^ m . Sun- Week j
Days, days. days. Days.
WO a. 8:00a. -a- ntt^ta. w«« *t iao 1-00 p. 9:45 a, '
1:45 p. 10:00a. f* J^T.^rtwui^ 3:0 ° *■ 3="»<> *• !
4:15 P. 11:30 a. !/T£>1t.^ 4:25 p.5iop.
1:15p. *-"- Wtt " vl " I/ - (5:55 p.
Fut.SuFruebn to Summit aalRtrara.tl.M.
SebtOfioM, 621 MA&KXTST&ER u4 &AU&AUI0 nut
/f^'hi Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiS*!?^'^! 1 " 1S54 'ortiie treatment of I'rivHtn
W\jLJtv J «ia< Iii««-3M"i, I^i-t ManiKMxl. DetiiMtyoJ
ESESBifSMO'l'sHas'- wearlngon hody and mlivl aixl
3g^ra^*WlSkIn Dlsi-iises. The I>octorcnrf«i \rli«i
«^ w^i>?"yCS5] olliers '""• ''' rv nlrT1 - »"hHrg«-s low.
CullorwrlMk
lit, JF. I". W1BBON. ttau Fmndaco. CiU. .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.
Trains |»>t« v«t nml nr« <ln«> >«• i«rrl»» >»»
KAN ritAN<:iM«:o. ■-••. ■■ -:
> (Malw tine. Foot of Market 3*r— O **
LXATB — FROU DlClXBBR 6. 1901. — AKBXTS
":*0a Benioi*, Sui»uu v Elmix* and S*cr»-
memo 5:5-Tp
":O0a Vacille. Wloken.'Ramier 7:i3»
<:Uoa Miitiiioi.SHii it».iio.i, V»li«jo. N»i>s,
Uallstoga mud Sant* Itosa *:%&*
»:OOa DavU, Wwidiand. Knignts Lsoding.
WarysTille. OrciTlll*. 7:5»p
8:0(l» AtUotla Kipreu-Ogden mad K*»S 8:3Sa
•:O«a Ntles. I,»throj), Stockton 'tiHAt
8««O.»Niles. Mendota, Usoford. Vlaalia.
PorterrUU 4:33*
•>3O* Sbute Kxpretu— Daiis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs;. Willoits. Hed
VluS. Portltind. 7:M»
•iSVa Butt Juse, LWermore. Htooktmi,
loire, Hseraineiito. FUerrTllle,
Mh ry»» II l». Chleo. Ue.l Illuir 4 :3."I f
Kian* Oakil*li-.0hine89.Hon<;ra. Tuolumno 4:a3p
»:♦>(»* lUriranl, Nil. a »!id VVmf Htatiun*.. Il:-Ui
•i«»a Vallcjo Yi-.iit
VsOOA Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tr»cy, l,athrnp. Htocktou, Merortl
Kremiu anil Lot Anze!«« 7:55*,
•:a«A Vallrt... Martiiu-z >ntl Way Htatlmia 7:53p
IOMi«i Th« ()TerUi»l Mmite.t-Ogdeti, L'eu-
Ter, Omaha. Chlca^-i. I»i83p
fl:»ftr SacrainmiNt i:i*rrMio*iti«rii t J1:»O»
3:«<>r ll-uicia. Winters. Hacrautenlo.
WimxI Intnl. K nlwlita 1, Hiding.
Mnrys»lll». I»ti>»11I«. IO:33a.
3tS0p If »y ward. M llrs and Way Btntions.. 7:53p
4i«t«r Mni'tin«x, Smi linn Vallejo,
N»|>». < 'nllnt.. x *. Simla Itom W>a3p
4 lOOp N ile*. Li » enn ore, Stockton . Lod] ... » a a a p
4>a»r Hayward. NII«r, San .loiw, Lirrrmore 1 •»:■■> •>*
. 4;8»pTli0 Ovl Limited- fit>mu>, Tu!-re,
Itnkeriflelrl. Saugus for Kunta. Car-
Wa. \a>» Aiik-Ici S:S54
AiOOr Port Cosca, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 »:«3*
S:OOp Martin- z. Antiocb, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno laitS*
SiOiip IUfffsrtt. NlIesantlHan Jcso ' 7>5A 4
|«tOOr Vallojo ll:«3*
OiOttr Oriental Mail— Ogtlen. Denrer,
- Oiualia. S» Louis, <:hln»eo 4i2Sa
1 lOOr Oregon r»n<l i'alir ( .ri.ia Kxi""W."»o-
innienli.. Jlnrjmll!... CioMine.
r.iitlnn.l, PuK-l. .S.IM...1 ami Ksni »:33a
SiflSpSan Pal.'.o. I'.ri CoMta, Msrliaez
aiM Way fiUtions il:*34
t»i«*P Valli-] 7iS.yr
COAST IjINC (Xarrnn (iunst.).
(F;mtnf M:.rli--tStrefU
MiISa Neirark,«.Vnlt!r\illf,MH>i.lc«u, I'rltiin,
]:oiililer(htt'«k..Sa4ita(l>uzain1 Way
NtHtlonn 3:3«»
{Sil.tr Newark CenteiTtlif. Ban .<•«.', Kr»
Alnimlnu. fi-ltmi, Cnnlilor Creek.
* Santa ("rui an<l lrln<:ii>»! Way
Stations IOs(»«A
4il!»P Newsrk, Mnn .!«««. Lou O»'os tS:S<»A
: aD.Snp Hunter*' Train— S*n J. re ard VI' ay
8tU)onn I7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS FUSCISCO— Foov of lUritet Slre:t (Slip S)—
tV:16 UOO 11.00a. m. }:C3 3:J3 S:15<>.M.
Ff«»0»IUII0— r«»t •'Bi»»d« J T.— t«i:t:8 J.-..UO t3:M
' 10:00 ».M. 13:33 8.C3 4:53 r.M.
COAST IiiXB (ttroa<l Kange).
(ihlnl and Tom ime:hl ,'iU)
«:lit» Sau Jcieaml Way sutiuiis. «:*«*
T:UIIaH«u,Iiw I \V»j - StiiLii.n.'i {8:«»|>
/7:»»l N«* Al.railfii. . /4:10V
8:00a Cosit Line Limited — Can J<we,
!•» (iiiri j. (Salinas, San Lnis Obupo.
Barbara. !.<« Arsrlt-s and
rriucipal intermediate stations... 10:137
BtOOaMkii Jiihx. Tioj 1'ii.ns. Santa rni3.
r».-liio dma i-»vlin»ii -*n l.cii
Oblajio ami Prinfii-ai intormediots
StaMutis ... 4:I«V
I0:U0a Stn Jf ac ami Way Stations »:36s>
tlilKM Han .>«kb nml Way Stutloim *J: 16*
13: ISp San Alat™, 1:, ■Ui.o.l. Mrulu Park.
'••lo ■♦ ito, Santa J,'iivra. San .lima,
Trenricc*. Sanu Ciik, Salinas.
Moiueir) • sip'l Cncilir KtiiN |IO:434
3::t«r Mi4ii.ii.ar an-1 VitJ Stations. !:»«»
Ull»P San. I,..- ami Prtxnsml Way SLutions »i.tU»
4i30r SntiMt I imltfd— Monday*, Vednrs-
•Uts. <^i<l»y». for Lot A^zeles, Kl
l*a«o New «.'rlean» and New York.
AiriTei Sundaj's. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lt»r»3i
{.1i«OpS»n .lour, f.os Gatoi ami Principal
WaySUtiona 11>:»O»
5:::or Hau.insci an<l Principal Way Stations 6,:sop
• :.no r Mai. Jon- an.i War SUtluna 7t3»r
. ":OI)p New Orleans Eipr«s — H»u I.nU
Ohixpa Sa.itu lut'nr.K 1jh> An-
pelcn, D intnu. El l'aso, New Or-
loans awl K'iit 7:394
all 1-15 r San ~>tv ..ml U'^y SUtiinn 7<30s>
A for .Morning |« f,^ Aft«rii«mn.
tSunrtar fxcn'.red. J 5>ai.<l<»r ouly
c Sattmtay ..oly. /Tue»«l»y« »».? rrl<lay«^
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
5an Francisco to San Rtifast.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:53..
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Exit*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
l:to and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:0O. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3;*JU
*:00. 6:2f» V- m.
4>aa Uuins". to San Francisco.
WEEK DAI'S— 6:10. 7:50, l>:20. 11:10 a. m.;
r_':J5, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Kxir*
trips at 1:55 and 6:3ft p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:ll\ UU«. ii:lo a. m.: 1:40. 3:10,
5:05. C:25 P. m. •■ '
Leave I In Effect I Arrire
San Francisco. |Apr. 1001] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7:3Uaai S:VAiam Novato, lu;4Uaxn| 5>:*Uan»
3:2Upm U:30am Fetaluma, K:05vm|10:^5an«
fi:10pm 6:00pm Santa Kosa. 7:3Spm| <i:20piu
Fuitun. |
7:30axn I Windsor. 10:25ana
6:«X)pm| Healdsburj;, 10:40am
I Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am lO-.l'Sam
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:32pm tki'Optn
7 :auam lu:-4oam|IO:25aia
S:C0am Guemevllle. 7:32poii
8:3Cpm 5 :OOj>n» | «:20j,n»
1 :30am 8:00am Socotna* V :15am 8:40aru
and
6:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:U0am| lli': l«a:n ,10;2"Uin
S:30pml S:l<0pm| Sebastopol. I 7:.:r.t>ini tt:2Oprc
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Kopland for Dur.can
Sprigs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carl.-)-
bad Springs. Hixla liay. L^keport and <B*rUett
KprinKi; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Baratoea
Sprints. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprtnss. Upper Lake, l'oaw. Potter Vall«y,
John Day's* Kiverslde. Llerl»(y's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilla. Orr's Hot
'Springs. Mendoclnu City. Fcrt Bragg. Weat-
girt. U»*l. Wllllts. Laytonville. Oummim.
ell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scott*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- *
duced rates.
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to nil points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. «30 Market street. Chronlo!*
building.
H. C. WHITIXO. H. X. RTAN.
On. Mmaggr. O»n. Paaa. Ant
fHE WEEKLY $ALL:
$1 per Yeari r
1112
— Wwawwftg^^^w. =
Special Reduction Sale
of Odd Lines of
Ladies' Winter Underwear
Although in each of the lines offered some size
will be missing or a color gone, those fortunate
enough to call early will have an opportunity of
securing the" greatest bargains ever offered in an
Underwear Department. There are Vests, Tights,
Pants and Combination Suits in the very best
goods, all in perfect condition — Nothing wrong
except that the assortments are broken.
Some of the Reductions
Ladies' $i.$o Imported Swiss Ribbed Merino Vests, <£i r\r\
Ions sleeves. White and Natural color, reduced to cpl.UU
Ladies' £1.75 Imported Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests, <£1 AA
low neck and no sleeves, Reduced to q)l.vU
Ladies' $1.75 Ribbed Unshrinkable Merino Vests with <^| QC
Pants to match, White and Natural color reduced to 4^-Z^
Ladies' $1-25 and $1.50 Ribbed Woolen Equestrienne
Tights, ankle and knee lengths, White and 75C
Natural color, Reduced to
Ladies' $2.25 and $3.00 Ribbed Merino .Union Suits, (Tm 7c
Long and short sleeves, ankle length reduced to
Ladies' Fine, Imported Swiss Ribbed Merino Union Suits,
Ankle length; White and Natural color; reduced as follows:
$3.25 Low Neck and No Sleeve Suits, reduced to .$2.00
3.75 High Neck and No Sleeve Suits, reduced to 2.75
4.00 High Neck and Short Sleeve Suits, reduced to 3. 00
4.50 High Neck and Long Sleeve Suits, reduced to 3.50
Odd sizes in Silk Union Suits, Vests and Drawers at greatly
reduced prices.
A Great Ribbon Offer
At 17c a yard
15000 yards of New, Stylish Ribbons are in this sale — All
Silk, Brilliant Chiffon Taffeta Ribbons, so much in vogue now,
the softest and lightest of Ribbons, that when worn around
the neck or in a belt, lie in the prettiest of folds. They are in
the most desirable colors, 4 inches wide, and the price is
unusually low, because we bought them, far below their
actual value from the manufacturer— PRICE WHILE THEY
LAST : — 17c a yard — 3 yards for 50c.
Blankets and Comforters
in splendid values — on second floor
Comforters — $1.50 each
Full size WHITE COTTON FILLED COMFORTERS, well
stitched and covered with pretty colored silkoline — Special
at 51.50 each.
Bed Spreads— $2.25 each
12-4 Servicable white MARSEILLES BED SPREADS in a
variety of choice designs — Special value at $2.25 each.
Blankets $5.00 a pair
A new invoice of superior quality 10-4 CALIFORNIA WHITE
WOOL BLANKETS, extra heavy, with Pink or Blue border-
Exceptional value at $5.00 a pair. <
Write for Our Illustrated Catalogue
1 Kearny and Suffer Streets \==
BOILERMAKER ENDS HIS DEBAUCH
BY SERIOUSLY WOUNDING TWO MEN
Earl G. Westmore, who claims to be a
boiler-maker at the Risdon Iron Works,
terminated his Christmas carousal last
right by shooting and seriously injuring
two Inoffensive men. Hans Halversen,
one of the wounded men, is shot through
the groin and has but a slight chance of
recovery. He Is night clerk in the Mont
gomery Hotel, 227 Second street, and ha
was shot by Westmore while tending to
his dutips. Charles Penne, Westmore's
second victim. i.« a barkeeper in Captain
Ubemeyt-rs saloon at 620 Alarket street.
He was shot through the left thigh while
walking along Tehama street on his way
home.
Both shootings were without the slight
est cause. Westmore entered the Mont
gomery Hotel shortly after 7 o'clock very
much under the influence of liquor and in
a very obstreperous mood. He went to
Halversen, at the night clerk's desk, and
. demanded the key to a side entrance of
the hotel, saying that he intended to
bring in a friend. Halversen. perceiving
that w estmore was intoxicated, refused
to give him the key, and Y^estmore start-
I 1902 \
1| DESIGN I
V\ IMx design is
j\\^y strikingly origin-
jr i]\ a * an d fetching.
/ j[\ It has grace and
Tj 1 1 decorative qual-
II \i « ity combined.
h I \ u \ Now that the
/Al \\\ Christmas ex-
// 1 V^\ citement is over
//nlrv\\ the ladies wil1
/ J V4 >gf^ begin to look for
(_*■/ Jr\v__$7 something new
in garments,
while we beg to remind them that
we intend to continue our plan of mak-
ing high class garments at prices ordin-
arily charged for ready-to-wear ones.
The advantage is in our favor, and we
cheerfully offer that advantage to our
patrons. Give us a trial order and you
will never again go back to ready-made
garments.
**£ TAJLORJ
914- yl A RJCET ST. • 5 &r\ Francisco
ed to go behind the desk to get it. Hal
versen shoved him out and Westmore
immediately drew a revolver from the in
side pocket of his overcoat and pointed it
at Halversen.
The clerk grappled with the drunken
man and attempted to get possession of
the revolver, but did not succeed. West
more fired and the bullet entered Halver
sen's groin. . The clerk did not immediate
ly fall, but continued to struggle with- his
assailant, who finally shook himself free
and walked out of the hotel. Halversen
collapsed on a couch, where he lay until
removed to the Central Emergency Hos
pital.
The clerk's wound is of such a serious
nature that the physicians at the hospital
feared to probe for the bullet. The shot
was fired* from a Colt's revolver of large
caliber. After the injured man was re
moved to the hospital Westmore was
brought to his bedside. Halversen identi
fied him as the man who fired the shot
John Earl, who is staying at the Mont
gomery Hotel, was in the office when the
shot was fired. He witnessed the entire
affair and declares that Westmore was
the aggressor.
Westmore went out with his revolver
In his hand, ready for action. He turned
into Tehama street and had proceeded
scarcely twenty feet when he met Charles
Penne, his second victim. He evidently
thought that Penne was going to inter
cept him, as he exclaimed: "I do not in
tend to be interfered with by any one "
He then raised his pistol and shot Penne
through the left thigh. Penne was also
removed to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. His wound, though not very seri
ous, was so painful that the doctors did
not probe for the bullet. When the shot
was fired Penne was only a few feet from
his own home.
Officers A. P. McQuade and P. T. Cas
sidy, whose beats are on Second street
and Officer G. P. Chase, from First street,
were attracted to the scene by the shots.
They found Westmore sitting in a door
way on Tehama street with his pistol in
his hand, cocked and prepared for the
first man who would attempt to take
him. Officer McQuado managed to rush
in on the Intoxicated man and overpower
him before he could make further use of
his weapon.
SHIET WAIST MAN IN ,
' PARK AND AT BEACH
Glorious "Weather Tempts Thousands
to Saunter on Lawns and by Sun-
Glinted Waves.
Seldom has there been a more beautiful
day in the middle of winter than that of
yesterday. Director McAdle. who prog
nosticated it, expects a big vote of thanks.
Santa Claus found the "open door pol
icy " the best and took the crowd with
him to the park, the ocean beach and con
tiguous points. Fair weather shone on
fair ladies, and even the brave shirt waist
man. It was a day of which San Fran
cisco could well be proud, and well did
the people of ! San Francisco enjoy it.
Traffic was extremely heavy on the street
car lines leading to the westward edge of
the continent and the strangers who gazed
at the rolling billows and listened to the
carols of the ocean waves as they broke
on the shore wondered and said to each
other, "This Is the kind of climate on
.which th* pa^nTa Qf r-oii^T-ptn jj v%i »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 26, 1901.
CAPABLE MEN
FOR JUDICIARY
Mention of Candidates
for the Supreme
Court.
Harbor Commissioner Herold
May Be Reappointed to
the Board. «-•;
It is not settled by any means \ that
Rudolph Herold will retire from the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners at the
expiration of his four years' term. It is
current gossip among politicians who are
close to Governor Gage that Mr. Herold
will hold office on the water front in San
Francisco until the Republican State Con
vention adjourns. It is even hinted that
events of the impending political contest
may suggest his reappointment. It is re
marked that the Governor has shown very
little inclination so far to displace Demo
crats from office. In certain Democratic
circles he is classed as a prime favorite.
The political situation is somewhat com
plicated by demonstrations from leaders
of the Union Labor party. The Los An
geles political workers in the Democratic
fold are planning to secure the ndmina
tion of Mayor Snyder by the Union Labor
party. Fusion is not recommended, but
the assertion is made that the Democratic
convention will indorse Snyder.*^ Demo
cratic success at the polls would not be
assured by the execution of this pro
gramme, for it is • called to mind that
James G. Maguire had the Populist as
well as the Democratic nomination in 1898
and could not win. The Snyder men say:
"Gage carried Los Angejes by 1400 ma
jority; McKinley carried It by 2800, and
along came Snyder, who rolled up a ma
jority of 3400." The Snyderonians claim
that their man could win out over Gage
by four thousand votes in Los Angeles
County. R. H. Beamer, W. T. Jeter and
"Washington Dodge are rated as good run
ners, but the laboring men are said to be
unacquainted with these Democratic war
steeds.
If Gage is renominated by the Republi
can State Convention the Democrats will
take heart and put in the fleld the best
ticket that their party can produce. There
is talk of nominating Judge Peter J.
Shields of Sacramento and Judge D. K.
Trask of Los Angeles for Associate Jus
tices of the Supreme Court. This sugges
tion implies a purpose to select some well
known and able Democratic lawyer in
San Francisco for Chief Justice. The peo
ple of the State will rejoice if Republi
cans and Democrats, respectively, nom
inate the best men in the legal profession
for service on the Supreme Court. Judges
Shields and Trask, who were appointed to
the, Superior Court by Governor Budd,
were subsequently elected to the bench
by the people.
Among Republican lawyers mentioned
for the Supreme Court are Judge F. M.
Angellotti of Marin, Judge John F. Elli
son of Tehama, Judge Edward Sweeney
of Shasta, Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano
and Judge Lucien Shaw of Los Angeles.
C. H. Garoutte. Associate Justice of
Supreme Court, is a candidate for the
Chief Justiceshp, but there seems to be a
sentiment among Republicans in favor of
renominating the present Chief Justice,
W. H. Beatty.
Stories are in circulation to the effect
that ex-Governor Budd would not decline
the Democratic nomination for Governor,
but he assures his friends that his am
bition in this direction has been fully
gratified and that nothing would induce
him to serve the people again as chief ex
ecutive of the State. He is active, however,
in urging old line Democrats of known
strength to jump on the party band
wagon. The other day he advised Hon.
B. F. Langford to enter the field for
State Senator in San Joaquin County. The
venerable ex-Senator remarked that he
was out of politics to stay out.
The ex-Governor, who was recently ap
pointed by ex-Congressman Thomas J.
Geary and commissioned by Governor
Gage to visit Washington and assist in
the re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
act, will leave the city for the national
capital within the next two weeks.
SORROWFUL CHRISTMAS
FOB, THE NTEBLOCKS
Their Nineteen-Day-Old Girl Baby
Suffocated Accidentally in
Her Crib.
Yesterday was a sorrowful Christmas
for George and Emma Nieblock, who re
side at 3318 Folsom street. Christmas eve,
so full of hope and pleasure to other3,
brought them only the keenest anguish,
for their little baby girl, only nineteen
days old, was suffocated in its crib.
On Tuesday evening, at 7:30 o'clock, the
mother nursed the baby asleep and
placed it in its little crib. A quarter of
an hour before midnight the father went
to the crib to kiss the baby good night,
but found that it had stopped breathing-.
Mr. Nieblock rushed out of the house and
brought in a doctor who lived near by, but
all the efforts of the physician to resus
citate the infant were in vain. The babe
had been suffocated by the blankets. The
case was reported to Coroner Leland, who
has ordered an inquest.
THE VERY LATEST COL-
OR PROCESS. Eight Pages
in Beautiful Colors that are
pleasing to the eye.
Aged Woman Dies Suddenly.
Mrs. A. B. Gibson, mother of Detective
Thomas Gibson, died suddenly yesterday
afternoon at her home, 536 Hayes street.
With her husband, O. B. Gibson, she had
been out to a Christmas dinner at a
friend's house on Pacific avenue. On her
way home Mrs. Gibson, who was 75 years
of age, was taken with a fainting spell.
Death came almost the moment that she
reached her own home.
'wllf^' Mil That smart Winter -Reefer
M \ ll//' Coat pictured Here.
11 m m fllliT 111' ' W 6Ve on^i <*. hundred of
\\ L' / If //' 'emr-and won't they go
\ I III IV -ft ' 'tG I
.. Cor. Kearny St. and Union Square Ave.
SALVATION ARMY
FEEDS THE POOR
Many Hundred People
Enjoy a Christmas
Dinner.
Cheer Is Furnished at Hall
and in Homes to
, Deserving.
More than 2000 persons enjoyed the
bounty of the Salvation Army yesterday,
not alone in the basement of Odd Fel
lows' building, but in their homes, where
the* visits of the angel of plenty are few
and far between. It speaks well for the
present prosperity of the city that an
abundance of good cheer had been pro
vided. It speaks well for the labors of
the members of the Salvation Army that
such an elaborate spread was made.
Man's innermost wants were supplied al
most, to the point of repletion. Many a
hearty "God bless you" was uttered by
men to whom the day might have passed
without a ray of sunshine, or perhaps
hope. .
Early In the morning a long line of
men, with a few women and children in
terspersed, began to form on Stevenson
street at the rear entrance to the ban
quet hall. There were professional beg
gars, there were honest men that knew
the pangs of hunger and there were oth
ers representing all degrees of needy hu
manity. But all who came were welcome.
In the big banquet room there were six
tables • set with accommodations for 450
persons at a time. They were decorated
with flowers and fruits and around these
tables the bonneted lassies passed and
attended to the wants of the guests of
the Salvation Army.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the flrst party
was let in. They found awaiting them
platters of turkey, roast beef, two kinds
of vegetables, fruit, pies and other comes
tibles that bo to form the menu of a
Christmas dinner. !
As soon as the guests were seated Col
onel George French, the provincial offi
cer, made a tfrief invocation and spoke
of the generosity of the people of San
Francisco. His remarks were brief, and
then the crowd at the tables, fell to with
a will. ■ There was a hurrying and scur
rying, a clatter of knives, forks and
plates. Dishes were filled and refilled and
no one was allowed to leave the table un
til his wants were satisfied.
"Let every one have all that is want
ed," said Major Alfred Harris, who had
charge of the arrangements under the
direction of Colonel and Mrs. French, and
his hundred assistants responded. Then
the tables were cleared, others were ad
mitted, and this was continued until all
were satisfied. But when the 1500 people
at the hall were dismissed the labors of
the Salvation Army did not cease. There
were those who could not come. Provi
sion had been made to feet 1000 others at
their homes and the work of distribu
tion was continued. It was dark before
their labors were concluded.
Throughout the city the workers of the
army will meet to-night about their
Christmas trees in their various posts.
No special programme has been an
nounced, but the members of the army,
after their arduous labors of the Christ
mas day, will seek some slight relaxation.
DRINK TOAST TO HEALTH
OF THE GRAND MASTER
At the noon hour yesterday, New York
time, Knights Templar embraced In the
United States jurisdiction, which also in
cludes the isles of the sea, clinked their
glasses to the good health, long life and
prosperity of their most eminent grand
master, Henry Bates Stoddard. Here Is
the toast:
To Our Most Eminent Grand Master, Henr7
Bates Stoddard : Peace, health and plenty,
with a merry Christmas greeting from all his
Knights from Maine to Oregon and from, the
isles of the Fea.
In accordance with universal custom
the two commanderiea of Knights Tem
plar in this city, to the number of 350, me f
yesterday morning at 9 o'clock in the asy
lum of Golden Gate Commandery. at 6:25
Butter street. The guest3 of Golden Gate
Commandery were the members of Cali
fornia Commandery and a number of vis
iting Knights from different, parts of the
United States. Promptly at the appointed
hour the Invocation ■was pronounced by
Sir Knight P. D. Code, prelate of Golden
Gate, and he was followed by the united
choirs of the two commanderles in the re
cital of the Lord's Prayer.
As the glasses were raised on high the
words of the toast were read, and John
F. Merrill read the response, as follows:
May the God of our fathers ever keep and
protect you rand may we meet In dally con
clave In the asylum above.
This sentiment was feelingly and ap
propriately voiced by Mr. Merrill in his
remarks that followed. The regular pro
gramme was then carried out. The toast
to the "Grand Commandery of Califor
nia" was responded to by B. P. Flint.
Judge Carroll Cook spoke of California
Commandery No. 1, of which he is tha
eminent commander. At the close he
called for a toast to Golden Gate Com
mandery, and a most eloquent response
was made by H. D. Loveland, the eminent
commander.
A telegram was received during the cer
emonies from Bay State Comamndery of
Brockton, Mass., presenting the toast
"Golden Gate." An appropriate response
was at once dispatched. Bay State and
Golden Gate commanderies have fre
quently exchanged courtesies at various
conclaves. "Templar Masonry" proved an
eloquent theme for Eminent Sir Knight J.
C. Campbell, while Sir Knight S. M.
Shortridge rose to the occasion when he
spoke on "Glad Tidings." The benedic
tion was given by Sir Knight James G.
Gordon, prelate of California Command
ery. . -
Some beautiful music was rendered in
cidentally to the exercises by the choir, of
which Sam D. Mayer was in charge. Next
year the ceremonies will take place under
the direction of California Commandery.
Hale's. . | Hale^s. __J ..w -™^ s - —
■»"-.. ""~~ : ~ ~~ ~— ?
Hole's After-Christmas Reductions:
iili rt On all these things:
i / #^4-4- Lamps and Glohs Statuary Doll cabs &- buggies Celluloid P.eces
K /f^ 111 I All Vases Marble Pedestals Wxker Biske'.s Picture Bichs
/ -C I f § I Jardinieres Toys Trams Ckrtslmas Cirds
/ QJ \J A K fancy China Gimes Furniture Calendars
_____ This morning for first time.
*> ' ~ r. i
You know why. No stocks.come out even. What's left over must be 111 . Ctti fifqec flff
sacrificed. It means a loss to us— like the loss of a'few oranges that fall off . Ail ****■ ulazJ 4 Ull»
after the basket is full. Almost a clear gain for you who are lucky This morning for the first time.
enough to pick them up.__ • . The former prices you've all be-
Original price marks remain untouched. We want you to see how big come accustomed to are unchanged:
a bargain you are Retting. Checks will be made out same as they were be- P«ces, too. that well informed tolks
fore Christmas, and then a full actual third (or with cut glass a quarter) £ave told us were fairest in the city,
deducted ' . Now to - £° a four th under that „
means a heap. !
Of them all perhaps you will be most interested in the The stock is broad. Past month
Lamps, Fancy China and Vases. 't^S^^SS^Si
Not a piece is withheld. . U > t0 _ Quickly get stocks in shape
Not a bit of it is faulty— not any of it we couldn't get full prices for if agai " tha * J ustlfie s ™ to take thus
we had full stocks. But what does it matter to you whether we have full quarter -ott. _ _^___
stocks or not, so long as we have what you want? 1 1« % a??
The Lamps • The Vases AlDOfflS 3 UII.
Including scores of bedroom styles-others Of Bohemian plass. come In many floral . Photograph albums, autograph al-
for dining-room, as well as many hand- decorations; others in gilt; others enam- bums, scrap albums, all this season's
some parlor lamps. Take your choice of eled. It's a varied collection, prices start- latest and prettiest styles
any one in the store at a third less than Ing at 65c and going up as high as you
marked price; 98c ones are 62c; $1.75 ones care to go. Every one a third less this CorAc onA C^CkttAnfc
are $1.17, and so on— one-third off. morning- for the flrst time. Viil U J mill LuIwilUiiliJ
BANQUET LAMP GLOBES go also. ART POTTERY VASES— In orieinal *
90c globes now 60c; $1.25 ones now S3c; beimiful decomtio^ S V RoyaTsaxe, Top- t fiff
ot^S; "P to T *h:£U° n S- thlrd off - Htz, Bonn, Bavarian, Bohemian, in graci- 3 Uii. i
FERRY LAMPS for cosy corners, ful shapes and styles. The prices • re- Vrm «,i!l h» ♦,!,.„ „.;♦;, ♦!,.„,
worth $1.50 to $6.00, selling now for 75c to maJning the same aa they have been-/ou ~, YoU WlU . be tak , cn . *'"? ? hem -
$4.00. may pay us two-thirds as much as you Aneir prcttiness, their daintiness.
Th? Fnfirv Chinn have * " their ori S inalit y have made them
1 ne i unuy \*iunu, y, Hmmv Tnhlae very popular; now this 1-.1 off price
Suffers same general reduction. Among ' »* i UVICS ought to make them still more ooou .
the many good things are cups and sau- The few we have left will be sold be- lar All we have left are on a table
cers, salad bowls.-celery trays, brush and fore Saturday one-third less than their 1 t 1 u 1 *
comb trays, chocolate pots,, sugar and marked prices. They start at $S 50 and by themselves where you can buy to
creamer sets, cake plates, as well as run up to $13 49; the new prices start at the best advantage. Prices are the
scores of styles of fancy single plates. $4 67 an4 run to $9. same as tne y were last week, but
Choose anything you like and pay us a n , , . ,,.,«„**,., ~-/ .,1 -. -. -.» ~, , u
third less than it's marked. \ Sidtuaiy. U ma J £ ay ° nly 2 " 3 aS mUch as
MarbU Ped^StalS Close to two dozen pieces are left. They \V < %^' • *' /v-«
\Z . J \ a L -^ , ,* rm, are in classical subjects, and were very LPlmlnifl DiPfr 1^ fift
About a dozen and a half left. They are tempting even at former prices Won't VvHUIUllI j/lWWW^ 3 Ull.
marked from $12 to $23 20, will be sold for they go quickly now at one- third that' xt 1 • i. t n t • t t
$8 to $15 80. On some of these pedestals -. , /, «*«■«"« mira mai. Necktie boxes, handkerchief box- ft-
you will save $5, $6 and $7. UeTlUine UVedgeWDOd. cs - smoking sets, toilet sets, cuff and '
I.irdinieres and Pedestals. , The real jasper, with but four dozen c . olIar , bo -^ e3 ; n . that j i. left wil ! be
J _ . . . .. „ , ■ - il_-V« pieces on hand, including pin trays, nuff closed out, beginning this morning,
th?SJ5 e ??l<S1n'ef"thG"iiS^l^S ,S e v;, SUEa i ancJ «*•■»"•«•. tta Jots for 1-3 less than marked prices.
AH Toys 3 Off. k <«<;.
Mechanical toys, wooden toys, trains, iron toys of every description Regulir 25c Value.
Buy what you like, but pay two-thirds as much as you would have Tuesday. ** e P ut on sale th Js morning 2300
■—■— — ■ —^ »-»m naaaiMmncM " yards of a new, stylish and pretty
Games and Picture Books SS£S£!S
Are included in this one-third off sale we inaugurate this morning. Of other good co] ? rs . are on white
course we have not much of any one thing and none of some lines. ' But grounds; also splid pinks and blues,
what's here is too tempting a bargain at one-third off for anyone to pass by. 'Beginning To-Djy 1$C. a Yard.
1 Gate Avenue. '4ff ~Z^*2^ -^^ I 11 I
ENGLISHMAN SAID TO BE THE DUKE
OF NEWCASTLE VISITS THE CLIFF
That the Duke of Newcastle left San
Francisco last Friday on the Owl train
for the south there is no question, but
the question now arises whether or not
the English nobleman left the train when
out of sight of his San Francisco friend*
and returned to the city for purposes best
known to himself — after all, probably. In
the interests of his brother, Lord Hope,
regarding whose matrimonial affairs he
showed a decided disinterestedness. At
any rate an Englishman who passed as
the Duke attracted some attention yester
day at the vicinity of the Cliff House.
"With a party of friends this supposed
peer certainly visited there, and J. M.
Wilkins is authority for the statement
that he received the DuKe and a party of
gentlemen that he escorted him through
the Cliff House, and further that the
nobleman showed and expressed the
greatest interest in the visit and
thoroughly enjoyed the animated scene
about the beach.
Of one other thine Mr. "Wilkins Is posi
tive: that the Duke was taking in th©
Christmas-summer zephyrs from the Pa
cific, and was heard to compare the ex
quisite, clear day with the possible chilly,
foggry, or muggy weather In his "dear
old London. It has been asserted that the
Duke's mission here was not for recrea
tion, but really to assist in procuring evi-
BIG
Clearance Sale
On All Winter Goods
IN MANY INSTANCES THE REDUC-
TIONS ARE STILL GREATER. THIS
MEANS THAT TO-DAY WE OFFER YOU
A CHANCE, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE WINTER SEASON, TO BUY
WOMEN'S WAISTS. WRAPPERS.
SKIRTS. UNDERWEAR, CHILDREN'S
CLOAKS, HEADWEAR. ETC., AT A
GREAT SAVING.
WE QUOTE A FEW OP THE MANY
GREAT BARGAINS AWAITING TQU.
A O /-► for regular 75c WOMEN'S FLAN-
NEL WRAPPERS.
QQ/> for regular $1 25 WOMEN'S
C>*yy* FLANNEL WRAPPERS.
<T» 1 Q <rr for regular $3 00 EIDER-
QliOl DOWN FLANNEL WRAP-
PERS.
ACkr* for regular 75o FLANNEL
■^•CfC' WAISTS.
*TBZ./-* for regular $1 25 FLANNEL:
(Ov WAISTS. .
<£ 1 Of! for regular $1 75 FLANNEL
tJ)8»^U WAISTS.
el /<K for regular $2 80 FLANNEL
Cfrle^O WAlSTS.
«lr O A rZ. for regular <4 BO EMBROID-
«l>^S«Trt> ERED FLANNEL WAISTS.
no. for regular 50c FLANNEL-NIGHT
UOv GOWNS.
pzf\~ for regular 75c FLANNEL NIGHT
OUL GOWNS.
/je;,, for regular $100 WOMEN'S
DOV*-. MERCERIZED SATEEN UN-
DERSKIRTS.
As before mentioned everything pertain-
ing to Women's and Children's wearing ap-
parel has been greatly reduced in price.
Call upon us and be convinced of genu-
ineness Of the BARGAINS we have to
offer.
OPEN NIGHTS TILL NEW YEAR.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
\. Bat. Taylor and Jones.
dence which might free the family from
an alliance which has rankled In their
noble hearts for some years.
That the Duke in view of the corona
tion of King Edward would scarcely leave
England for an extended tour is absolute
ly certain unless for matters of vast im
portance to the house of Newcastle. That
he has been in ardent opposition to di
vorce there is no doubt. A devout church
man and reverent, he does not believe In
putting asunder those who have been
united In the bonds of matrimony. But
there has been much influence brought to
bear on the Duke, which may have
brought about radical changes in his opin
ions.
PIONEERS EXCHANGE
MANY REMINISCENCES
Around the Banquet Board They Re
count Their Early Trials and
Tribulations.
The members of the Society of Califor
nia Pioneers celebrated Christmas by a
banquet In their rooms in the Pioneer
building: In the absence of the president.
Supreme Court Justice Walter Van Dyke
and W. L. Duncan, marshal of th© soci
ety, took the direction of affairs. Th©
dinner was a delicious one and afforded
a happy means of spending the day for
many old pioneers.
On e*of the flrst toaj »ts that was re
sponded to was that to the memory of
James Lick, "to whose munificence," said"
JDr. C. D. Cleveland in his response, "was
due the opportunity afforded the mem-
?,°c||ty to meet in their own
home to-day. He also spoke of his many
benefactions. M. G. King gallantly spoke
°*: h f Daughters of the Pioneers?"
Major Sherman of Oakland gave an ex
tended history of the State, particularly
referring to Commodore Sloat's part in
nart^fni?^, 0^ lts h lstory - other members
participated In. the numerous speeches
ment C afternoon's entertain-
WILLIAM EOCKEBILL '
KICKS HIS SIOK WTFjE
Water Front Saloon-Keeper, After
Being Beleased Prom Jail, Bru
tally Beats Ailing Spouse.
William Dockerill, -who was arrested
Tuesday night on complaint of his -wife
for disturbing the peace, celebrated his
release from prison yesterday morning by
returning to his saloon at 12 Stauart
street and kicking Mrs. Dockerlll In the
stomach. The heavy kick caused an In
ternal hemorrhage, which may end fa
tally.
Dockerill became frightened when he
saw the result of his bruta^.y. He hob
bled to the Harbor Hospital, having only
one leg, and told Steward Kahn what he
had done and an ambulance was sent to
convey the woman to the hospital. She
was very weak when placed on the operat
ing table, but later seemed to regain her
strength.
Dockerill was arrested on a charge of
battery and will be held until the result
of his vengeful kick is determined, i^rs
Dockerill will be held for observation and
in the meantime a little child of the cou
ple, who was found at the residence on
Steuart street, will be cared for by the
matron at the Hall of Justice.
Give Fletcher a Charm.
George R. Fletcher, superintendent of
the Odd Fellows', cemetery, was presented
on Tuesday afternoon. . by the employes
under his charge with a gold mounted
elk's tooth in the shape . of a watch
charm. An exchange of compliments and
a luncheon followed in Mr. Fletcher's resi
dence.
Corset Specials for This Week.
Sapphire corsets, $2.50; Royal "Worcester
corset, black, $1.25 quality, 65c. All cor
sets fitted. Chester F. Wright, -6 Gearv
st., cor. Kearny, first floor upstairs •
Cupid Captures a Fresno Editor.
STOCKTON. Dec. 25.-Willlam A. Fitz
gerald, city editor of the Fresno Republi
can, was married here to-day by the Rev
Thomas A. Boyer to Miss Minnie R. Rut hi
erford, eldest daughter of "\V. N.' Ruther
ford of Stockton. Mr. and Mrs. Fitz
gerald left on the afternoon train for San
Francisco,. :— . .
New Year's Specials I
These Prices Remain
Good Until January 1.
Sardines, bans!sss t 4, tins, I fer.25o
D and G celebrated brand
Regularly 15c.
Baldwin Brandy, bot . .75c
Gallon, S3.OO
Finest production in
the State.
Regularly $1 25 and $4.
Sweet Pickles, jar 25c
Heinz' a famous brand.
Sweet Cider, gallon . . .40c
Eastern Apple Cider^ — very delicious.
Regularly 50c.
Prunes. F s r t e y 1^ 4 lbs.. '..25c
Choice Santa Clara Prunes.
50 to the pound. Regularly 3 lbs. 23c.
CoeKtai s, bot . .85c
"Whisky. Manhattan.
Martini and Gin.
These are the finest cocktails.
Regularly »X 2i
Tomato Catsup, Dt. bot. 15c
Our celebrated "Ideal Brand"
Regularly 20c.
Oranges, dozen 25c
Another shipment of thosa
fancy Navel Oranges.
Regularly G3c.
Claret, gallon 35c
A rood table wine.
Regularly 60c.
A complete line of all ths leading brands
wU?3 P r?ric a e n s d KCy WC3t C1 « a " "
Country orders given prompt attention.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
. TELEPHONE MAIN GS22.
NOTICE!
GEORGE MAYERLE,
. Tho German Expert Optician,
A * 1071% Market street, near
.*<«K£¥gft. Seventh, personally attends
all complicated case*; ha
'/Sfi$*QVi***l does no: travel - "or dc*3 ha
mjjj-ar3^ employ any opticians to rep-
-"T resent him; neither has ha
any branch offices. . . t
Remember that Mayerle's Glasses, which ar.#-
Indorsed by the highest U. S. Army. Navy an<V
Government officials, can be had only of Georga
Mayerle, at 1071 Vi Market street, near Seventh.
Talephona South 572. Orman Eyewater. 50c.
$1000 Reward
I F "WE FAIL, TO DO AS WE AGREE. SrE-
« clahsts for men. As many physicians and
others have inquired regarding our ORIGINAL*
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles.
we have decided to demonstrate by sending tt>
?Jl^ wh ,° JT la ? r d e«lre A FREE TRIAL TREAT-
MENT UNTIL JANUARY 1ST. Slate cas*
plainly and receive plain package by mail.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary «t.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
SpecialisteurwBloort Poison, (ionorrhcea.Gleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook orf Diseases of Men. free.
Ov<»ra)years'«vxper:ence.TPrms reasonable. Hour*.
9to3daily;6:30toa.30f.v'gs. Snndavs, 10 to 12. Ci>n*ul-
tauonfreeaudsncredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McXULTY. 33. D.
2G14 Kearny EU.. Wan fr'raneiafO.Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT REKTOKATIVK:. INVIGORA*'
tor and .Nervine.
The most won<ierfu» aphrodisiac ana Sf>»c1»l
Tonic for tha Sexual Orjp»n.«. for b«ur< sexes.
Tha Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-,
neys and Bladder. Sella on its own merits.
.„ , r N A3ER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
VZ Market st.. S. T.— tSead for Circulars.)