PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN .FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, - MAY V 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 176.
tional Epworth League to be held hv your j
city In the month of July for the* success of.
which you have my best wishes. . I
Iate you upon the' noble " work . in -which .
you are engaged . and ! the \ great •. results .
which ' have followed your efforts. He* who
serves the Master best 'serves 'man 'best; and j
he who serves truth serves : clv!llzationl There
is nothing, in this , world that counts for as j
much H3 godly living. There is nothing j that '
lasta so long , or wears so well and is of .such '
inestimable advantage to the posaessor^as high
character and an upright life. "And that, is.
what you teach by example and 'by instruct
tlon. And when you' are . serving man, by
helping, him' to be better and nobler you are!
serving your country. I don't know 'whether
it is true that every man is tho architect" of
h«s own fortune, but surely every manita the,
architect of his own character and he , is the
builder: of his own ' character. It is [ what', he '
makes it and it Is growing all the time easier
to live ! right, to r . do ; right./ and . to be right, j
With our. churches, our Young Men's Christian:
Associati6ns/ ; our .various, .'church, societies,
every assistance , is given for •'. righteous : living '
and • righteous doing. '¦¦¦ It is ; no longer ' a draw- ¦
back to 'the, progress, of a young man to. .be a >
member of a Christian church. ; It 'is no. em-'
barrassment. It ls.an, encouragement.' It Us;
' no • hindrance! • It " is .' a . help. There , never ' in
all the "past was such _ a demand 'as t . now. [for :
Incorruptible character, strong enough' to : re
sist every "' temptation t", do- wrong.' , "We "need '¦
it in every : relation , of >lif%,:';in'' the .home,'\in
the ~ store, the i bank and in ; the great", business
affairs: of ; the", country. ,'. We ; need;" it-, in'-'the'
j discharge of ; the new .'duties that : have come ¦
: to ' tha \ Government; ; It ' is^' needed 'everywhere, •
never , more' than >' at' this '.-hour. ' il'- am 'glad
to i show my., interest ; in " the /great ;, cause' for ;
which you are enlisted, > for you are helpinj.aH-
the time home and family, law and liberty
and country. . ;
•I' bid you all God speed and say good night.
, . . , , Leaguers in Council.
*; The 'President was- heartily applauded
at the close of his address. He departed
immediately : thereafter and -then .-the,
leaguers - and the ; others proceeded • with
the regular : programme. This included
prayer by ' Rev. ¦ Dr.' Hutslnpiller, a selec
tion by the ¦ California-street M. E.';band,
a : concert overture by J. , B. \ Warburton,
¦ an anthem by.' the choir, ; a jduet : by B.
Georges and I Miss E. ,W; McCloskey and
addresses by . Bishop Hamilton, Rev. Dr.
Rader and Rev. Dr. '! Filben. The ad
dresses all * dealt ' with the greatness ¦ of
the - coming convention of . the Epworth
Leaguers in this city ¦ and with forecasts
of the influence : for good which will re
sult from, the fifth international.gather
ing. .-• ' /. . '¦ ¦¦'': u '',. '..
Rev. '¦ Dr. Rader spoke, of the causes
which' made the CHristain, Endeavor Con
vention ' of 1897 , in this' city, a success and
in* that; theme r found'" suggestions for the
coming : convention : of -the ! leaguers." >. He
spoke : of President McKiniey's appear
ance before | the League ' of the Cross, - to
which he referred j as "that noble organi
zation of -the Catholic • church. " • He> said
hewas glad that' the' President had' come
to : see the .leaguers. The" comlng 1 c6hven
tlon,' > tie ' said; /should be '- mindful '•¦ of its
real; spiritual > purpose. He counted upon
the f enthusiasm '. and . unity'of ' the ¦ young
leaguers, -upon music, ¦ upon the press * of
Sarr Francisco ; and upon -good; - old-fash
ioned • Methodist consecration " to make the
coming convention the most successful
that has ever been held under the Cali
fornia jsky.
Bishop Hamilton said that the conven
tion of 1901 would be memorable In the
history of the world. He said he had
been much impressed as he listened; to
President McKiniey's address with the
fact that the nation's chief executive was
counseling the young to good living and
to doing good. Fifty thousand persons
were coming ,*to San Francisco on the
occasion ,., of the leaguers' convention.
Every j one of j these . persons would stand
for personal integrity. They .would re
turn East to tell the . people of their State
about - the glories of California. - Every;
branch of \ the' Methodist church would be
represented on the convention floor.
: . __ ¦¦ Large Crowds Coming.
.The Rev. Dr. ; Filben told of; the 1 advices
that .were being' received. He said there !
were special trains in large numbers to
come laden 1 with the leaguers and their
friends. One -hundred special excursion
agents were. at work. A whole trainload"
of .Baptist peoplo were coming from one
Kentucky town. New England would send
700 leaguers. All the States, with' the ex
ception of three or four minor.' ones, had
already" given assurance that they would
•be largely represented. •, There would 'be
four and nve meetings progressing sirriul- 1
taneously daily. Speaking, as chairman'of
the - 4 committee, . he i predicted . *. that the
gathering, would be .a/great , success. . He
referred to . the need of, money, ; which the :
committee was /confident would- be freely *
contributed ; by business men and others. •' ;
; The -exercises of 'the rally closed with
PRESIDENT HcKINLEY attend
ed the great rally that was held
by the Epworth League Alli
ance last evening in the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Episco
pal Church. His coming, not
• having been announced in ad
vance, was a surprise to most of those
present He was received with much en
thusiasm, and addressed those present
with earnestness, highly commending
their work. ,A. A. Knox, president of the
Epworth League Alliance, presided. . >
Just before the regular exercises .were
to begin, Mr. Knox announced that the
President, late In the* afternoon, had
agreed to make a brief visit.' Other mat
ters were delayed that the . President
might be honored to the full extent. He
was accompanied by Secretary ?Cortelyou,
Chief of Police Sullivan and Bishop Ham
ilton. Mr. Knox signaled his arrival and
the entire audience, while the "Star-
Spangled Banner" was played on the or
gan, arose and gave him the Chautauqua
salute, with waving handkerchiefs. - Af
ter he had been introduced by Mr." Knox,
they made the rafters ring with cheers
for the chief executive of Ihe nation.: He
was escorted to the platform by George
B. LIttlefleld and Robert Husband.
A Striking Scene.
In front of the President was a floral
device, a cross of white flowers, the em
blem of the Epworth Leaguers, upon
which were the " letters "E. L." and. a
email cross worked in red. .At his right
hand was a gorgeous banner of , the Jap
tinesc branch of -the League, and other
white and red banners were near. The
railing fronting the platform was decorat
ed with red and white fabrics and red
and white flowers. Long streamers of red
and white were looped from the central
chandelier to the sides of. the galleries.
Overhead was a large floral device with
the word "Welcome" upon it. Back of
the President was an inscription "Cali
forriia-street Church, 1901," ornamenting -
the front of the organ loft. On the plat
form beside tho President were those
who arrived with him, and Rev. Drs.
Rader. Filben and Hutslnplller and Rev.
A. C. Bane, pastor of the church. In | the
congregation, in addition to the Epworth
Leaguers, were ' representatives \ of the
Christian Endeavor societies and the. so
cieties of the Young People's Baptist
Union, who had been invited to take part
in the rally. - .
"Mr. Knox spoke very, briefly, in welcom
ing President McKinley.' lie congratu
lated the young people upon the" vlsit'of ¦
the President to , them.
Again the Leaguers' cheers were heard
as President -McKinley came forward and*
spoke as follows: ;
The President's Address.
Ladies and Gentlemen: It gives me very
great pleasure on this , the -. last evening of
my stay in your hospitable city to meet, with
the' young, men and the; young .women of .the
Epworth League and the Christian- Endeavor
and the union of the Baptist; Church and;the*
Christian young j people; generally- who ' have
dedicated themselves ¦¦ to the * holy. •'cause : of
Christian teaching. ' I congratulate you -.that
you . are to . be the ' host of the 'great '" internal
McKinley Attends Unannounced an Epworth League Rally at the
California-Street methodist Episcopal Church and Delivers an
Earnest Address to Those Who Prepare for Convention.
SAN FRANCISCO REGRETFULLY SAYS GOOD-BY TO ITS DISTINGUISHED GUEST,! THE PRESIDENT.
San Francisco Nurses
to Accompany
Mrs. McKinley Strong
Enough for the
Journey.
MRS. McKINLET was able to
bo up for many hours yes
terday and the physicians,
who called on her at noon,
decided that it would be per-
'¥.'¦'. i fectly safe for her to start
for the East to-day. It was learned in the
morning that Mrs. McKinley had enjoyed
a perfect night's rest and she partook of
nourishing food durlntr the day.
While the President was away from tha
house In the morning and afternoon Mrs.
McKinley spent the time In sitting at the
windows of her room or In reading the
papers. V V-:'
When tha President left to attend tho
Morse breakfast^Mra. McKinley was still
asleep, but on his return she was sitting
at the window and she waved her hand
to her husband as he glanced up and sa
luted his wife, his hat in hand.
When the President departed for Oak
land Mrs. McKinley was again at the
window and she smiled as she saw the
children rush toward her husband and
shake his - hands, despite the police
guards.
Mrs. McKInley's face looked very pale
from the serious illness she has suffered.
.The consulting physicians were with Mrs.
McKinley half an hour at noon. Her con
'dltion was carefully noted and the reports
of Dr. Rixey and the nurses were exam
ined minutely. They and Dr. Rlxey then
held a consultation and later on Informed
the President that it would be safe for
Mrs. McKinley * to make the start for
Washington. '•' ty,,A
A few minutes after- the physicians left
the. house- the President came out, an4
C : , the ,- polled, had .difficulty in restraining
camera" fiends. »Tjfiey;toroke. through ,th«
lines and snapped their instruments at tha
President from, all directions.' Mrs. Mc-
Kinley .watched the movements of the
crowd and waved her. hand to the Presi
dent as he drove away.'
Final Bulletin Issued.
Secretary Cortelyou issued a bulletin
previous to leaving the house with the
President, as follows:
Mrs. McKiniey's physicians report that she
has continued to improve and . has gained
strength since their visit at noon of Wednes
day.' the 22d. and that they are of the opinirn
it will be safe for her to leave for Washing
ton to-morrow mornlnj.
It was expected that the President
would take his wife for a short drive in
the morning, but the plan was abandoned,
as a high wind was blowing. ¦ •
A largo number of floral gifts were sent
to Mrs. McKinley during the day and
many ladies called at the hoflse.
After the President returned from Oak
land he spent some time with his wife
and related to her the greeting he had
received from the- school children in that
city. ¦
Later on, when the Chinese Consul and
other Chinese dignitaries of San Fran
cisco called on the President and present
ed him with valuable gifts, the chief ex
ecutive carried the presents to his wife's
room and showed them to her.
After dinner the President drove to
the California-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, where he made an address to the
members of the Epworth League Alli
ance. On returning to the house he spent
a few minutes with Mrs. McKinley.
OHIOANS FORGET THEIR FLAGSl
The Ohio delegation when It arrived in
this city brought the regimental flags
that were borne by the Twenty-third Ohio
Infantry In the. Civil .War. These flags
were the colors that President McKinley
followed In the bitter strife and are highly
valued. . ' %•" : ~
The Ohio delegation, through thought-,
lessness or some unaccountable reason,
left this city without the flags and they
are at present in the custody of General
Waxfleld at the California Hotel. The
flags were turned over to General War
field the day before the big parade. They
were carried in the % procession under a
special bodyguard of former Ohloans who
had served In the Twenty- third, but who
are at present residents of this . State.
After the parade they left the flags with
General Warfield and the Ohio delegation
forgot all about them.
The flags will be taken back to Ohio on
the Presidential train to-day.* Just at
present a few that are in* on the secret
are ' having lots of fun estimating the
amount of worry the traveling Ohloana
¦will be put to when they. arrive home to
day and are asked where the flags have
gone.
benediction by the Rev. M. D. Buck.
A' circular letter has been issued by I.
J.* Truman calling attention to the neces
sity of canvassing for, the Epworth
League convention at once, and stating
'that $25,000 ought to be raised. A commit
tee will soon call upon citizens to get their
subscriptions to the convention funds. Tha
work of the finance -committee. It Is an
nounced, was delayed because of the prep
arations'for the reception of President
.McKinley, and the- time remaining for
work ¦ is - short. The advisory commutes
has also prepared "a statement,, setting
; forth the need Tor money, and asking that ,
the' finance committee be assisted so that
the work can be creditably carried on.
? Thlsis signed " by .Rolla V. Watt. J. 3.
.Webster,. C. P. Perkins, - Charles Nelson,
¦£;':. s." Holmes, W. L Hawkins and R. T.
gtrattoiu' ' ~- ¦ % *r~-Su. ;
PRESIDENT McKINLET will bid
farewell to San Francisco this
morning and, accompanied by his
wife and. the members of his
Cabinet, will start on the return
Journey to the national capital.
The physicians who have attended Mrs.
McKinley saw their patient at noon yes
terday, and at 1 p. m. Secretary Cortelyou
issued a bulletin to the effect that Mrs.
McKinley would be able to endure railroad
travel and that the Journey home would
3>egln this moraine.
The railroad companies and Chief of Po
lice Sullivan were notified at the same
time aa to the hour of leaving and all ar
rangements were made for the President's
departure.
Chief of Police Sullivan at once mapped
out the route from the Scott residence to
the ferry depot over whiph the President
and Mrs. McKinley will ride. Henry T.
Scott, Sergeant of Detectives Ross Whit
taker and Dr. Rlxey made a trip over the
streets in order to.be sure that no ob
stacles existed by which the comfort of
Mrs. McKinley might be disturbed. The
route selected -was gone over in the car
riage that will convey the President and
his wife to the depot. With the exception
of three blocks, the entire journey will be
made over' asphaitum. Down town the
carriage will travel qn the iron tracks
from Sutter street to tne ferry building.
Dr. Rlxey stated yesterday that the drive
from the Scott residence to the ferry would
not be detrimental to Mrs. McKInley's
condition.
Route of Carriage.
The route of the President's carriage
will be a* follows:
From Clay and Laguna streets along
TLasaiia^ttnacclcson -street, to Van Ness
avenue, to Golden Gate avenue, to Market
street and to the ferry depot.
Chief Sullivan will have a large force
of police officers on duty at the Scott resi
dence and the expected crowds # of sight
eeers will be kept at a distance from the
house. Officers will be stationed at vari
ous points along the route and mounted
men will surround the President's car
riage and also precede the vehicle.
Every precaution will be taken by Chief
Sullivan to prevent the President's wife
from any annoyance, and. as the carriage
will be closed and the curtains lowered,
there will be few opportunities for owners
of cameras.
The start from the Scott residence will
be made about 9 a. m., as the President's
carriage will be driven at a slow pace to
the ferry.
At the depot the carriage will be driven
cn the ferry-boat and will be taken
with -its distinguished occupants to Oak T
land. There the carriage will be driven
directly to the steps of the President's
private car and Mrs. McKinley will be re
moved by trained attendants.
Dr. Rlxey will accompany the President
and his wife in the carriage from the
house at Clay and Laguna streets to the
special train at Oakland mole and will be
at the side of Mrs. McKinley constantly.
The two trained nurses who have attend
ed the patient in this city will also go to
Washington v/lth her.
The. members of the Cabinet and their
wives will drive from the Palace Hotel In
lime to reach the ferry depot shortly be
fore 10 a. m. and will be on the ferry-boat
before the President's, carriage arrives.
The depot will be kept clear, and no one
rrill be allowed to approach the slip where
the special ferry-boat will await the chief
executive and Mrs. McKinley.
Return Journey to Washington.
Railroad officials were busy yesterday
making final arrangements for the return
trip to Washington. To handle the spe
cial train of eight cars so that the jour
ney can be made without a hitch requires
skillful management. As In the trip West,
General Manager Kruttschnitt will take
charge of the train, and his responsibility
will not cease until he lands it In Ogden.
The arrangements from this city were
perfected yesterday afternoon. When the
President and Mrs*. McKinley arrive at
the ferry building at 10 o'clock this morn-
ing the regular Oakland boat will have
pulled out on time and another ferry-boat
will be run into the slip Immediately to
take the party across the bay./
No fast time will be made, and the train
will riin slowly to Stockton, arriving there
at 1:30 p. m- An eigrht-mlnute stop will be
made there, and then the journey will be
resumed to Sacramento. The first rail
road division will then have been covered.
At Sacramento there will be practically
no stop, time being taken only to change
engines. The train. If on time, leaves
there at 3;30 d. m.
After leaving: Sacramento a slow run.
will be made all the way over the divi
sions, and should no mishap occur the
train should arrive Jn Ogden to-morrow
afternoon about 3 o'clock.
The train will then be turned over to the
Union Pacific officials and the run to
Oir.aha will be made in faster time. From
Omaha to Chicago the Presidential party
will run over the Chicago and Northwest
ern. The Pennsylvania Railroad is select
ed as the route to Washington from Chi
cago.
Precautions Are Taken
for Comfort of
Patient.
Pol ice Perfect Plans for
the Drive to
Depot.
PRESIDENT WILL BID SAN FRANCISCO FAREWELL
THIS MORNING AND DEPART WITH MRS. McKINLEY
ON THE JOURNEY BACK TO THE NATION'S CAPITAL
The San Francisco CallBitter Disappointnients of Past For
gotten in Present Satisfaction.
CHIEF MAGISTRATE BECOMES TIf E GUEST OF OAKLAND
AND REVIEWS THE SCHOOL CHILDREN OF THREE CITIES
. r-THE SAN FRANCiSjCO fOALL, SATURJDAY, MAX 25, ,1901. • '?¦%£?¦
VIEWS OF RECEPTION GIVEN PRESIDENT. IN .OAKLAND.
"Mr. President, we welcome you to
Oakland, and we only hope, that you will
enjoy being here as much as we enjoy,
having you." v ' ¦ ¦
That was all that Oakland's Mayor saidr
The Mayor is . noted for making short
•speeches. a.nd the Presidential - party has
beforo commented upon the fact that the
.head of the municipality, of Oakland had
a happy^ knack of saying things in about
;as short a time as possible. . .- , „- -
President McKinley- raised, his .hatband'
accepted the welcome gracefully. He was
introduced to the other members ot-. the'
.party from Oakland, and then they, .were
all escorted down the gangplank and seat
ed in the carriages. The order- in? which
fthey.came was: •< \ •••.;. - • •;. -»¦-
Carriage No.il— The President, Mayor .-Anson
Bar*tow. Edson V. Adams. ';• r,?
• Carriage No.I- Secretary .of State JoTin Hay,.
Senator George C. .Perkins, Congressman-Vic
tor H. Metcalf. ' ; t . . ' ¦'- . -
• CarriaRe No.- 3— Postmaster.. General ; Charles
Emory Smith, Charles A. Moore and son. John
"A. Britton. -' .' ' - " ' 'r- ¦ --"-:•: -.¦-¦
. Carriage No. -4 — Secretary nt Interior'. E. A.
Hitchcock, Naval Officer John P. Irish, H. C.
Taft: :.-. ¦ I-.-:. " ¦ .. • ';:'.'
Carriage No. 5— Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son, of Port Frederick S. Stratton, P.
B.'- Bowles. ¦ . - ¦ ' •• • ¦ '•'.¦* '' - - '.• ¦ ;- •¦> - •
Carriage . No. 6— Secretary Georjre- B. Cortel
you, Assistant Secretary Barnes, Superinten
dent of, Mint Frank A. Leach. • , ' ¦• -...-¦
• Carriage No.' ,7— Secretary • Bennett •¦ of. 1 the
United States Senate. and Mrs. Bennett. T. T.
Darcle. •' .- . ' , : ---¦•:.¦---.-.-• .-
Laconic Address of Welcome.
The gangplank was run out and Major
Barstow, followed by the other members
of the local reception committee, boarded
the revenue cutter. \ They walked aft,
where the, President - stood, and Mayor
Barstow was introduced by Edson F. Ad
ams.
John P. Irish, Collector of the Port F. S.
Stretton, Superintendent of the Mint F.
A. Leach, Frank Brigham. and a number
of Oakland gentlemen who had crossed
over to San Francisco to meet the Presi
dential party and escort them to Oakland.
On the dock were Mayor Anson Bar
stow, Sam Bell McKee, H. C. Taft, P. E.
Bowles, William Lair Hill, C. H. Cole, J.
W. McClymqnds, Chief of Police Hodg
kins and Major E. -A. Sherman.
' LAUNCHING; OF; THE OHI9 7ln «the"
Wasp's Presidential souvenir.' ' Sixty pages
ofireception pictures. On sale at 'all news
/stands. 25 cents. ; . .
i A Month's Test Free.
If you ha.veRheama.tisni,writer>r.Shoop,Ra«lne,
¦Wls..boxlJ7,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure.
-xoress paid. Bend no money. Pay $».5O If cured*
r.,,The officials of, the^Society for 'the Pre
.ventloh of Cruelty .,;tq ; Children /yesterday"
restoredUo, Mrs. ; j Koch j her child," Vwhtch
was; being kept : f rom '• her • by ' Max Ruben
stein'of 222 Seventh street on account of a :
•debt/for board.' --: . - ;•;.¦,
Seeps Child "as Security 'for Debt.
.State Senator Charles M.'.Shortridge ap
plied at .the office' 'of /the'! Supreme : Court
yesterday : j for - application ' blanks ¦ for', ad
jtnlssion-to . the » bar." , He • .will - appear . for
examination before -the Court Commission-;
era on the 10th' of June. -¦ ... ;. '-, ;
: jit is ; said : that* the Justices; will be fa
vorably Inclined to" admit : him ; to J the . bar
In order that •• he ; may,: interpret : some , of
the legislation ' which: he .has helped ' to
enact. " The' subject? is ' causing considera
ble amusement among his . ma^y ¦ f rjend*
and ,the expert. services of? all j have been
volunteered in his behalf. ? •.
SENATOR < SHOBTRIDQE
• ; .PLANS TO BE A LAWYER
to point out some of Its needs. :'i
The young people of Oakland triumphed
where .their elders; failed In more ways
than one. :The only speech that the'Pres
ident delivered in Oakland : was to • the
boys and - girls of the ;-Oakland <High
School and such schools as were massed
about. McKinley said that he did not
have the time to: make ;an address, but
'when, he was urged to say. a few, words to
the boys" and girls he yielded and.it- was
arranged that he should stop his carriage
before them and -make' the only remarks
given -on the Oakland side of the bay to
the pupils of Oakland's pet school. ; '~
But one. change was made. "In the pro-
I gramme and that was ordered 7 , by'-- the
President himself. When the linat of
march and the programme were : submit
ted to Mr. McKinley on the boat coming
fo~ Oakland, he asked-lf the . procession
could . go by the house of R. G. Brown,
and he explained- that he- had known Mr.
Brdhjvn : when he war. in Oakland many
years ago, = and.he would Jike to have the
procession "pass that ¦house . if '. possible.
And so the parade was changed and went
one., block further. up Jackson street.. and
then counter-marched past the house of
Mr.- Brown. ' v : ' ¦ '¦'¦ -' . ~' : - ' ¦ ¦
< • President : McKinMfy talked a' great ' deal
about • Oakland on his ;, way back * to > San
Francisco. * He* said 'that -he, had' enjoyed
the I day, and- his; every action .seemed | to
indicate that he had. He expressed great
regret that he had not been able \ to j ap
pear, at -Berkeley at : the", university • com
mencement: He: spoke of a visit i that he
had -received', during the morning. -from
Mrs. Church, „ whom , he y had ; ? appointed
Postmistress at . San rLeahdro. \ i -.. :\ ¦ -.-r- ¦
• Congressman >r Metcalf ; and- Senator ' Pe'r
king ¦: : improved > the ~ opportunity a to /show
the President the harbor of Oakland and-
N President Enjoys ; tHe Day^': '
Chief of Police Hodgkins had made ex
cellent police arrangeqjgjrts. His forces
were scattered' along" the route of the pro
cession in. an excellent manner. Police
Captain Wilson was given charge of the
lower end of town and Police Captain
Peterson the upper. A mounted ' squad
kept^order-along- the route. The crowded
places^were all, -wired..- •-• • ,.* vv : .
.....The ,only..decoration that was. put up
was by th6. Oakland Transit Company.
It hung bunting from the' wires:* of: its
road on. Broadway, giving, a' Canopy effect
that' was very attractive.*. . ' : . *-.
I Tne.. general populace assembled oh .the
tftaih i streets. The ! school' children: .were
•massed alopg -Thirteenth, .Jackson,v:Lake
and. Oak streets. ¦; The little r girls .; were
nearly all In Ught dresses and .with nhe
American' flags and Hhe bright ribbons
sparking In. the* sunlftrht- it- made ar sight
that Oakland, could well he proud of-,: -and
it was little wonder that the r President
said, when he- was '-'returning-; to : San
Francisco on; the - reVnue' s cutter, .; that
.California.' had. the*prettiest Jot of .school
children" "..that ,he r had .seen.' anywhere on
his travels..^.' -~ ', ',.
*¦ BbuqUets had been expressly, forbidden
for fear that , some ; of the party 'might
be too severely bombarded;-, but the-Pres
idential ¦ carriage was filled - with flowers
before it had.gonca dozen bloelts.'" , -'
Excellent. Police Arrangements.
Carriage No. 8— Mrs.- George B. Cortelyou,
Mrs. lilxey, Mrs. Jones, » Sam Bell McKee. •
Carriage No. 9— C. H. Redington, president
Oakland Board of Education; G. B. Daniels,
Superintendent 'of Schoola J."W. McCIymonds,
M.-C. Latta. .
•Carriage No. 10— J. C. Hemmett, H. L. Dun,
James K. Hare. E. H. Hamilton. V-
Carriage No. 11— Henry L». : West, Frank P.
Lord, H. A. Strohmeyer.
Carriage No. 12— Mr. Stone, Mr. Marian, Mr.
Jones. ¦ • — .
THE echo of cheers and huzzas
sweeping .over the blue waters
of Lake Merritt Bounded: tho
• signal of the approaching Presi
dential party to tho double rows
of school children that were
¦ massed along either side of Oak
street from the broad turn at Lake street
down to Thirteenth, where a barrier of
wires blocked- the end of the line of
march. No prettier spectacle met the "eyes
of the President than that along the beau
tiful thoroughfare, which is -bordered on
the east side by the wooded slopes which
stretch away to the "lake.
With loud and, hearty enthusiasm did
the children, boys and girls, who had wait
ed patiently for his coming hall the Presi
dent as tha carriage, surrounded by the
mounted policemen, drew into the street.
At the head of 'Oak street, along the west
side, was the station of the Oakland High
School, where there were nearly 600 boys
and girls. Just beyond and nearer' the
Junction with Lake street were the Cen
tral High, the Glawson and the Swett
school pupils, the groups set in a frame
work of the national colors, formed,. by
the hundreds of flags that fluttered from
every expectant pupil's hands.. ' . i
The Franklin School had a post at the
very -turn of the streets, and here a^ain
waved the flags that threw so much color
into the scene.
The 'carriage occupied by the President,
the Mayor and Chairman Adams. moved
very slowly down Oak street and the long
line behind kept pace. As the President's
carriage was opposite the banner of-the
Oakland High School the ' lusty young
sters In well trained unison shouted the
¦school yell. , ; ¦-?>• ' s •• -¦
:- McKinley Acknowledges Salutesl
With gracious salutation; his counte
nance beaming with evident gratification,
the President, saluted,, with vhead uncov
ered again and again as. he \vas passing,'
the horses now moving very slowly In
deed. * . , ¦ ' . ' ¦*¦[ ;• .*,, •
: The ¦¦- accompanying ' members of the
party, were cheered vigorously, and "not
ably was Sacretary Hay. welcomed again.
The young people remembered his visit of
last week With pleasure. \ • " . .
-. Further along -the : thoroughfare, were
the. childi^n from the Alameda and' the
Berkeley public schools."' ,
The turn on, 'the^countermarch was
made, and back toward the re-embarking
point started the Presidential > procession
HBut v the.' climax -of .enthusiasm.' was
reached .when the . carriage stopped oppo
site the Oakland* High School pupils, and
then - there were cries for a "• speech. * To
the '¦- delight :; of r the ? thousands .that
swarmed about the carriage, « Mayor Bar
stow, arose, faced . the ' cheering .youths
and, raising his hand for. silence, said : ' *
:•. I have 'the great, honor and the pleasure to
present to you the- President , C f the -United
, . ¦:.'•;- /Tribute to Education'!- -
>> There was a v 'second wild outburst," and
"the President.* stepping : to the i side of the
carriage ¦ nearest to . the school children
waited quietly while the cheers were sub
siding.. By a gentle uplift of his 'hand he
stilled • the *> exuberant ¦ > pupils and : , then
spoke In tonesithat could be heard to the
edge of the throng.- He said: V • --
,': It* gives v nib ..very ' great pleasure ¦ to visit
again the ' beautiful^ city , of Oakland after
twenty ¦. intervening years, 'and . I -note -Its
growth £ and • and . the -large * Increase'
of homee and 'population; -• .'_. .¦ , • . •
I 3 -" 1 ?"?! 19 'nothing that shows, the' wisdom and
forenightednew of tha father* of the remibtla
to much Mlhi provisions which tiny made
for publle education. (Great »pplatw«.) -rh^y
dedicated va«*. tract* ot th« public domain
for the freo education o< th« people and they
never did a wiser thin*. These mat »chooU
of the country, found in every State and Ter
ritory,' which invite the people and all the
people to . partake of their advantages, - have
done quite as ranch. If not more, than any
one single thine for our liberty, for our en
lightenment and for the safety of our insti
tutions (Enthusiastic applause.) There Is
nothing better for the United States than #du
, cated citizenship. And there la no excuse for
any boy or girl anywhere beneath our flair
not enjoying educational opportunities that
will at them not only for their civic duties
but for good successful business in every walk
of life. (Applause.)
. And tny young friends, .. there never was a.
time In all our history when knowledge was
• so essential to success as now. • Everything
requires knowledge. Industries require science
td conduct them. ¦ There Isn't a manufacturer
anywhere who doesn't have to employ chem
ists, and the great electrical plants of the
¦ country are drafting 1 thousands of .youny men
every year into their service. "What we want
of the young people now Is exact . knowledge.
You want to know whatever you undertake to
do a. little better than anybody else. And It
you will do that then there Isn't anything that
la not within your reach, I don't care what it
Is.' And what you want besides education is
character. Character! 'There is nothing that
will serve a young man or an old man so
well as : good character. And did : you ever
think of It, it Is Just f as easy to form a
good habit as it la to form a bad one. and It
Is just as hard to break a good habit as it
-is. to break a bad one; so. get the good on?a
and keep them. With education and character
you will" not only achieve ' Individual success
but you will contribute largely to the progress
of your country. • ...
. I thank you all and wish you "all well, and
bid you goodby. (Enthusiastic applause.) -
-The signal to advance was- given at
¦once, and, amidythe cheering voices, the
President was driven away.
OAKLAND has at last been
visited by the President of
the United State*. After
many disappointment! that
city hab been able to wel
come the head of the nation,
and the failures of the Har
rison visit and the cancellation of the
visit of President McKinley last week
have all been forgotten in the reception
cf ytsterday.
It was called a "Mltle reception" be
cause Oakland considered It so.' There
had been no preparation— the time had
been so short that this was' impossible.
Jt was most Informal, and consisted only
of a drive about the city, with a stop of
five minutes while the President Eaid a
few words to the pupils of the Oakland
High School, who were gathered at that
point.
But while there was no set programme,
and no addresses «f welcome by promi
nent citizens, and while there were only
eorae American .flags and a few yards of
bunting and streamers on Broadway
alone, and while the politicians and the
jpforesaid prominent citizens had to take
a back seat for the children of the Oak
land High School, and the schools in gen
eral of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley,
Jt was a reception which none have ex
celled in heartiness and sincerity. The
people of Oakland wanted merely the
privilege of seeing the President and of
having him see a section of their city, no
matter how short the time. And they
turned out in such numbers that the re
ception was' anything but little. It was
little only by comparison with. what Oak
land would like. to have done. .
All of the upper portion of . Alameda
County migrated to Oakland and gave the
President a sincere and hearty welcome
without any framework of flags and de
corations and long speeches.
School Review the Feature.
The review of the school children was
the feature of the Cay in Oakland. ' In
fact the day was given over to the little
ones. The politicians, me leaders in so
'ciety/the men of trade and commerce and
the men of money and of power all gave
way. to the children. The little, folk had
Tull swing: and those who were pld grew
young again that they might- enter into
the spirit of the occasion and enjoy the
day as did the little ones.
The youngsters came by thousands, and
when the Oakland contingent dld= not fill
the streets those from Alameda. Berke
ley.' Emeryville. Fruitvale.and not a few
from other points In the county came to
twell the crowd. . There - were thousands
cf them, and they, lined the streets alon?
the route of travel from the foot of
Broadway up to the edge of Lake Merritt.
*To estimate the crowd would be an Im
possibility, but It Is safe to say that everv
pupil of the schools in the cities named
came to Oakland to nee the President.
Eight thousand flags were given out by
tho Oakland School Department, and they
«i!d not go around. Two enthusiastic men
f j-om AJameda, who grew young once
' The trip. to Oakland was not marred by
a single' unpleasant incident: From 'the
time that the- party: left San -Francisco
until they again reached/ the metropolis
overything was pelasant from the bright
sun overhead to the modest arrangements
that had been made for. the brief visit - •
• The -revenue cutter Golden Gate '. arrived
at the foot of Broadway on time ;to- a
minute. On « board was the Presidential
party. United States Senator Perkins,
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf, Edson
F. Adams. T. T. Dargle; Naval ! Officer
No Unpleasant Incident.;
Then the Golden Gate puffed down the
harbor for San, Francisco while the crowd
who had seen the -President's- last- act in
Oakland cheered as 'If they would never
• At Broadway and Thirteenth street a
similar incident happened.* A 'little girl,
without regard for danger, bolted through
the crowd and up to the Presidential car
riage and threw a tiny bouquet at the
chief magistrate. McKinley lifted his hat
to the little girl, while the police reined
up their horses to prevent her from be-
Jnj? trodden under foot. . ¦ ¦-
But It was at the wharf ' upon his de
parture that the most affecting 'Incident
of the day occurred. There was an im
mense crowd around the gangplank up
which the President had Just passed. The
Golden Gate was almost ready to pull out
when from far. down in the crowd came
the wail' of a small boy. - He was wedged
in between older people and' he could not
see the .'Presildejit..-.' He ¦ announced * that
fact in tearful tones that couKbbe heard
all-over, the wharf -and 'even on* the deck
of the revenue cutter. ¦ He wanted- to -see
the President and he 'wept because' that
pleasure ww denied I him..- The- President
heard It all. He ordered the preparations
to get the boat under way stopped and,
walking back down -the gangplank, he
found the little fellow in the crowd and
shook him by:the hand while he told him
not to cry any more. . ¦- ¦ : ;
more an'd ran. by the side of the Presi
dent'* carriage over the entire route, de
clared that there were 20,000 children.
AH alone the route President McKln
ley ehowed his regard for the little onei
and there were many acts of Mis that be
tokened a kindly regard for the genera
tion that Is growing up to fill the places
now held by those in the Presidential
party. . <r'.
The etalwart- policemen, were mounted
on horseback and instructed to ride by the
side of the President' d carriage. Police
men Turner and McSorley were chosen
for this difficult work and well thev did
their -fork, . but with • all their vigilance
they could not keep the children back
from the carriase. '"')'¦
President Kisses Little Girl.
Coming down Jackson street one little
girl, scarcely more than 8 years of age,
bolted under the horse of Policeman Tur
ner. The" little one was dressed . all !h
white and she made a run wnder the
horse's head before any one could stop
her: She jumped upon the steps of the
Presidential carriage and, there she hung,
with her curly head Just peering 1 above the
carriage door, with her tiny hand out
stretched. The President started in fear
that the little girl would fall.: -He caught
her and held her close to the eide of the
carriage and then signaled the driver to
stop. The entire procession was brought
to a halt and as the President lifted the
little tot in white down he kissed her.
Then the little white vision darted under
the heads of' the policemen's horses • and
disappeared in the crowd, happy and ex
cited. " " „,
Eloquent Tribute to Education in
Speech to High School Students.;
Young People Score Triumphs of
Programme of Entertainment.
President^DecIareS' That Visit Across
• Bay iiffdrded Him Pleasure.
2
There
Are 2400 %
Disorders incident to the. human frame,
of which a majority are caused or .f'uro*
mojed by impure blood. V " .- , >: . ,'
.- The .'remedy' is simple. ' •
Take Hood's Sarsaparilla. S'~
. That this medicine radically and effec-
tively purifies the" blood is known to
every druggist, known to hundreds of
thousands of people who" themselves or
by their friends have - experienced its
curative powers. ; • . "
The worst cases of scrofula, the most
agonizing sufferings from "salt rheum
and other virulent "blood diseases, are
conquered by it, while those cured ot
boils, ; pimples, 'dyspeptic 'and ; bilious
symptoms, and - that tired- feeling: ar*
numbered: by" millions. >
Hood's Sarsdpdrilla
Will do you good. 'BeRin to Uka it to-. j Why eodure torture *¦ from fleas when ' you ' can
get rid of them by, using Searby's "Fleas-Must-^
.Gor'^OO.Sutter^reet,. r. < v .-; ,-..y
THE V i PRESIDENT IN ¦ SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA.'* Depicted In ; the
Presidential souvenir number. Sixty, pages
of . reception > pictures. ;. 25 , cents.- ', , , vi • ¦
-* ¦' -.: ¦¦•¦-.-.¦¦¦.. ¦
SYNDICATE PURCHASES ' , :
; ; ALL THE NEW BONDS
"Union Pacific Four Per Cents Taken,
Probably by Kuhn, Loeb and
: . .
, NEW YORK, May 24.— It was semi
officially-reported in Wall street to-day
that-the $60,000,000 new issue of Union
Paciflc 4 per cent bonds had been sold to
a syndicate, presumably Kuhn, Loeb &
Co. No statement was made, however, as
to whether or not these bonds had been
disposed of for Northern Paciflc stock re
cently ? acquired in the - interest of Union
Paciflc. ¦¦¦•':¦ '¦ - : ' : ¦" -1 "' ¦.¦"¦' --- "' ¦ . '~,
¦.The flurry in Northern Paciflc common
which began . yesterday : and caused an
advance of forty-flve points was not con
tinued to-day. There was no transaction
in this stock on .-.the local exchange
throughout the. entire day's session.
Finds a Giant Mushroom.
• PACIFIC GROVE. '* May 24.— A' monster
mushroom ;.was ibrought . here'from A.' A.
Mauriel's ranch in the Upper Carmel Val
ley ' yesterday, and is attracting a great
deal of attention. -j It - measure* thirty
seven, inches , in \ circumference ana is the
largest specimen* of edible mushroom ever
seen hereabouts. '
RAPID TELEGRAPHY .
. „ IN THE KAISER'S REALM
Multiplex System, the Invention of
the Late Professor Rowland, Is
Being Introduced.
BALTIMORE, May 24.-The- multiplex
system of 'telegraphy invented by the late
Professor Henry - A. '.. Rowland, r which « is
being Introduced Into Germany, permits
of -the transmission '« of eight messages
simultaneously over a single wire, four in
each direction,- at the rate of forty, words
a minute. "¦¦ -The messages • are sent by
means of a* keyboard similar to that of a
typewriter, which can be operated by: an
ordinary typewriter and are recorded jat
the other end of the wire by -a small ma
chine, fit is possible to print the message
upon a sheet of paper v or upon a long tape
like that which is . used . in the ordinary
ticker service.* . ¦ ' , ? ,' .
-Napa Election Contest.
NAPA, May,24.— As a result of the mu
nicipal election 'held here on May;6 : there
is to be a contest over, the office of > City
Marshal. I*: R. Ix>ckard has- filed a -suit
against Marshal-elect N. S. Thomas -for
a recount of the 'vote. ' Lockard was de
feated by 'only, 5 votes, and; on this small
margin believes \ that he | has been elected
to the office. 1 Lockard's complaint alleges
that votes were counted- for Thomas that
should have been given, to himself:^ also
that , votes were thrown out . by :. the elec
tion officers that should have Keen counted
"for him.--:-" ~V, - ' : v;.-" •„-.>.¦:,.'£ ;•¦-• ---;.
Bernhardt Talks of the
Fair Sex in This
Country. \
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
PARIS, May 24.— Mme. Sarah Bernhardt
has given her > opinions on . American
women to an Interviewer, whom she saw" 1
between the acts of "L/Aiglon," at the
Theatre de la Monnase at Brussels.' The
great tragedienne is entirely favorable to
the transatlantic method of female edu
cation.-: : ; ¦ ": ''¦¦ ¦;'/-..:.. , v ;-.
"I find the American women far superior
to our women,'* she said, "but you see the
American woman leads a very different
life; a life of which we have»no idea in
¦France. The sexes have absolutely dis
tinct and separate spheres of life. Woman
is an intellectual being in the widest sense
of the word. Her husband .works for her
at his workshop, factory or office from 6
o'clock in the morning .to 6 o'clock In the
evening, while the wife isat her club or
engaged in' sports, literature, science, mu
sic or art. In America the home scarcely
exists. People - live; in hotels' or employ
housekeepers. , *\ . " '.,• . ,,,. .
"The AmeVlcan woman, is - pretty and
di esses in good taste. She marries as late
in life as possible, and that is easy. to un
derstand, as she enjoys absolute freedom,
and,. what is more, the laws are all In her
favor.' In Europe girls have only one ob
ject in life, and that is tb; escape from the
family hearth and get married, n In' Amer
¦ '' . • ¦¦-.::'• ¦. •'.:¦. v'-'« !a v5
SARAH PRAISES
AMERICAN WOMEN
lea they are In no hurry to enter the
bonds _ of matrimony, because to them
marriage .brings an obligation from which
the unmarried are free."
i To / sum up, Mme. Bernhardt is - con
vinced of the tremendous superiority of
the American woman over her French
sister. , ' " ' '
': NEW ; YORK, May 24.—Ex-Congress
man, now; United ; States ' General } Ap
praiser, 1 Marion de Vries of California and
wife will leave to-day for, Atlantic City on
a vacation." ' De ; Vrles is oh a leave of ab
sence from duty for the restoration oif his
health. : He has been very ' sick* for the
past several • weeks and until . recently
grew. steadily worse. _-.. • •:.:...
• Several : of the : most eminent " physicians
of New York and Philadelphia were called
in .without affording relief. ¦ De >. Vries was
preparing to undergo a surgical operation,
when, - yielding^ to the , persuasion of I Dr.
Clara M. Freeman, an old Stockton friend
of Mrs. '¦- de Vries and himself, - he '.placed
himself under the charge > of Dr. George
-W. Boskowitz,' dean of the 'New York
Electric College of Medicine, who advised
against an s operation," and -with Dr. : Free
man succeeded in relieving' the patient of
all | pain ' and effecting a radical -. improve
ment. -~~ •-•:: ' -• -V. ¦•"*:..:>-¦ ¦••, . ' ;- '- ;,.-.>*..
, Dr. Boskowitz has ordered absolute rest
audxfreedom from all business : cares , for
De -Vries, .who . ia • suffering • fronv nervous
exhaustion, ,.which , has induced internal
complications.' ,. Mr. ; and : Mrs. ¦ de -Vries, ¦
when seen by a' Call' representative at/the
.Hotel .Orleans; last) evening, x stated Kthat
they - expect » to ij remain i at Atlantic 5 City
for ¦ about ' two .weeks ¦ and ¦ then . go : to • the
mountains'; of : Colorado j on" a hunting and
fishing trip of several. weeks. . ¦ : .
DE VRIES GAINS
HEALTH SLOWLY
The General Appraiser
Leaves Business for
a Vacation. £ £
HIGH SCHOOL 'SENIOBS, -.//.:'
GET INTO -
Line and Thirteen Are
Suspended. ,
Bakersfleld Youths Set XJp a Social
BAKERSFTELD, Cal., May 24.—Thir
teen members of the senior class of the
County High School were suspended to
day by the Board of Education for In
subordination. The seniors demanded that
commercial graduates be relegated to
back seats at the commencement exer
cises on June 7, but the board refused to
make any changes In the arrangements,
which give the commercial graduates one
half of the front of the stage.
No Cars for the Kansas Grain.
Trouble Brews at Barcelona. *
TOPEKA. Kans.. May 24.— The rail
roads are unable to supply the cars to
move Kansas grain. Keek & Young of
Yates Center served notice on the Stats
Railroad Commission to-day that they
would at once bring suit against the San
ta Fe for failure to supply car3 for a
large shipment of .corn. Under the new
i ail road law a company falling to supply
cars to shippers is liable for the actual
damage sustained by the shipper.
¦ — ¦» - 'T>
'* v Trouble Brews at Barcelona. '
> BARCELONA, May. 24.— Although Bar
celona elected three Republicans and four
Regionallsts, the Government has placed
only; Monarchists at the head of the polls.
The | greatest • Indignation and excitement
prevails, and the situation is so grave that
the civil Governor has resigned. Should
the Government persist In proclaiming the
Monarchists elected « serious disorders
among the Catallans are regarded as in
evitable. • ,. .>-¦.• ¦ ,--. -; - . - ¦-
Eider and Horse Are Drowned.
PUEBLO, Colo.. May 24.— A special to tho
Chieftain from Florence,' Colo.', says the
body of an unknown man and also that
of a Corse with saddle and bridle were
taken from the Arkansas River there to
day. .Their; mutilated condition indicates
that » they came through the . whirlpools
of the Royal Gorge and they are supposed
to bo victims' of the recent cloudbursts on
the upper, Arkansas.
Tnickee Residence Burned.
' TRUCKEE, . May. 24.— The residence . of
David J. Smith was burned to-night. The
cause of the fire wa3 a defective flue In
the kitchen. The loss is $6000. A gale wai
blowing and for a half-hour all of,HIgh
street was endangered, "
FORCED TO JOIN
ARMY OF RAISER
American Citizen Must
Become a German
Soldier.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PENXGROVE, May 24.— Peter Siemens,
a well-known young German citizen of
Penngrove, will, according to recent ad
vices received here, enter upon a three,
years' term of service In the army of the
German Emperor on June 1. Behind Sie
mens' advent into the Kaiser's army,
which is by no means voluntary on his
part, there is a sad yet interesting story.
More than seven years ago Siemens,
then a lad nearing his eighteenth birth
day, arrived here from his home in Ham
burg and took up his residence with his
uncle, the late B. F. Harms. He was at
the time of his departure from'his father
land subject to military duty, and before
being allowed to sail was required by the
army officials to sign a pledge obligating
himself to return whenever they should
see fit to call upon him to serve his term
In the army.
About two years ago Siemens received
a notification to at once report for ser
vice. Having in the meantime become a
naturalized citizen of the United States
he supposed that this removed his liabil
ity to service in the army of his native
land, and in reply, to this notice he po
litely informed the Government that .as
he was now a full-fledged American he
did not have to and would not serve any
time in any army other than that of the
United States. He heard nothing more
about the matter and thought that the
incident was closed.
Siemens paid a- visit to Germany, and
no sooner had he set foot upon German
soil than his identity became known and
he was arrested and thrown into jail,
where he was confined ' ¦ for some time.
Siemens' folks are wealthy and influential
and made every effort, to save him, but
without avail. In addition to the three
years of service in the army young Sie
mens must pay a fine of about $75.
The unfortunate man is 25 years old
and is a duly naturalized and * registered
elector of Penngrove precinct.
dignitaries for their words and for their
valuable gifts, assuring them that he
would always treasure their offerings.
The Chinese Consul General and his com
panions then bade farewell and left the
house.
Surveyor of the Port Joseph S. Spear Jr.
and Arthur Spear accompanied the party
from the consulate in Chinatown and re
turned with it.
Among those who called yesterday at
the executive residence and were received
by the President were Miss Emma G. Sul
livan, Miss Elizabeth F. Sullivan, Miss
Grace Sullivan and Master Willie Sulli
van. The little lad of the party proudly
exhibited a carnation when he left the
house and Informed . the police officers
that the President had placed it, on his
coat. . ¦ •
Postmaster General Smith, accompanied
by J. W. Irwin. assistant superintendent
of .free dellve^ system, yesterday went
to the dome or the Claus Spreckels build
ing. The weather was clear and a glo
rious view of the surrounding country
was obtained. ' . ¦
Last evening Dr. Cushing entertained
Drs. Rixey, Hirschfelder and Gibbons at
dinner at the Bohemian Club.
The President was presented last eyen
ing with a grold plate by Mayor Phelan
on behalf of tho city of San Francisco.
The' plate was engraved with the resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors welcom
ing the chief executive to this, city and'
bore the arms of the President, the Mayor
and the municipality. - . . .
Mrs. Clara Josephi Howeston called at
the President's temporary home yester- ,
day. She carried .with her/ a beautiful*
bunch of pink carnations, and the flowers
I were conveyed to th.e President's wife.
IHOQTJOIS CTLTJBv BRAVES
TTKATt JEFFERSON PIERCE
Labor Organizer Delivers an Addres3
in Which He Describes Neces-
sityfor Organization.
j At. the meeting of the Iroquois Club last
night the members listened to a speech by
Ji r>. Pierce, organizer of the American
Federation' of Labor. Mr. Pierce spoke on
VLabor Conditions" and was frequently
applauded for his remarks. He spoke of
the efforts of , organized labor to secure
benefits for the worklngman, referring to
the strikes at Homestead, Pullman" and ta
the mining districts of Idaho as exam
ples. He said:
•Trades unions sprung into existence at
the moment when laboring men deter
mined to follow in the footsteps of the
minute men.'"
. He also ¦ said the employers had orga
nized, and- that the present condition of
affairs in this city was due to the efforts
of the bosses to deny their employes the
right of organization.
"Fifteen years ago in the East and Mid
dle "West," said Mr. Pierce, "conditions In
labor' circles were as they are now in this
city. We hear of objections to our pro
posed system of apprenticeship. The ma
chines of to-day make such provision a
necessity. In. providing for the appren
tice organized labor Is not working
against the American boy, but is prevent
ing the son from reducing the wages of
his father, and to do this requires that
every apprentice shall be made into a full
fledged mechanic." . - •¦¦..-
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
NEW YORK. May 24.— The recent ac
quisition of railroad properties by' George
J. Gould and allied interests has given rise
to a growing belief that the plans for the
Missouri Paciflc system aim to place It In
the very -forefront of railroad properties
of the country. It now appears that the
project comprehends the connecting of the
Atlantic and Paciflc seaboards.
Russell Sage said to-day that the devel
opment of the plan for a greater Missouri
Paciflc would not, in his Judgment, de
velop any hostilities in the railroad situa
tion. Every thing, he thinks, will be ami
cably arranged.
"The general plan uw to extend the sys
tem from, ' the Pacific to the Atlantic
Ocean," said Sage. "This will doubtless
take a good deal of time. I cannot say
how long."<
"What means do you expect the road to
take to get its outlet to the Atlantic sea
board?" was asked. • • - .
"That matter is in its infancy," Sage
replied. ."I have no doubt a, plan for the
entire system will be worked out harmoni
ously. In connection with the acquisition
of the ."Wheeling and Lake. Erie, it is to
build into Pittsburg. It is probable that
short spurs. of road of 60 or 100 • or 150
miles willbe built to accommodate towns
not on the main line." •
"Will the Texas- Paciflc be absorbed by
the Missouri Paciflc?" '. .
"Yes." said Mr. Sage, "that will come
about." - .'.¦•¦¦
: A well-known ally of the Gould-Rocke
feller interests said to-day:
"There has been talk about Mr. Gould's
extension of .. the Missouri Pacific system
eastward provoking . a railroad ./warfare,
but it Is nonsense.\ Representatives of the
Pennsylvania and New York Central • did
desire to head him off and had some inter
views .with him, but he explained his posi
tion so logically that they saw the justice
of it and there was a better, mutual feel
ing after the talk than before."
Missouri Paciflc Will Ex
tend Across the
Continent.
RAILS TO REACH
10 SEABOARDS
Stockton Will Greet
the President in a
Quiet Way.
Citizens Will fleet
Special Train at f
Depot.
>>;TOCKTON. May 24.-Positive asl'
I . v surance having been received
her© through the Associated
Press that .President McKinley
i " 1 will pass through Stockton to-
K^y morrow, arriving at 1:30 p. m., ,
- a committee from the local
Chamber of Commerce is making ar
rangements to handle the big crowd that
is expected here to get a view 'of the
head of the nation.
A large billboard located east of the
Southern Paciflc depot will be temporar
ily removed, so that a clear view can be
7u * fr ? m the va cant iot . east ' of where
the train will stop. A platform will also
be constructed and efforts will be made
to have the President address the crowd
from it. •
Chief of Police Gall is making arrange
ments to keep order during the time the
President will be here and at the re
quest or the Chamber of Commerce, out
of consideration for Mrs.- McKimey's
health, there will be no firing of bombs
and no noisy demonstration permitted
Extra officers will be sworn in and a
wire cable will keep the crowd from en.
croachlng upon the space around the
train. ¦ \
The local banks will close at noon.
As soon as positive assurance was given
that the President would visit Stockton,
the following telegram, was -sent to lead
ing citizens In Modesto, Madera, Merced
Fresno, Jackson, San Andreas. Sonera
Mariposa. LodJ, Milton. Angels Camp.
Sutter Creek and other places:
President McKinley will visit Stockton on
Saturday afternoon at 1:40. There will be ex
cursion. rates on all trains. Please give thla
publicity. , : .
It is the belief of the Chamber of Com-
2 nerc S« tl } at *he steps taken In this mat
ter will. Insure a great outpouring of peo
ple and that there will be an immense
crowd assembled. . . «,'
Foreign Consuls Pay
Respects to Mr.
McKinley.
Chinese Dignitaries
Give Gorgeous
Presents.
PRESIDENT McKINLETS last
day in San Francisco was a
busy one. In the morning he
attended a breakfast at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs.
George Morse and while there
was presented with a handsome
large American flag by the ladles of the
California Club. The flag was made en
tirely by the ladies of the club of mate
rials wholly produced in California. The
delegation of club women was headed by
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the club,
er.d Mrs. Alexander D. Sharon made the
presentation 6peech. Mrs. Sharon spoke as
loll owe:
Mr. President: It Is my great g-ood fortune
to be selected by the ladies of the California
Club to present to the honored head of our
nation the most beautiful emblem of America.
The reason for this choice is. first, that its
origin emanated from a weman^s brain, her
deft lingers formed it into chape; second, that
it was produced in California.
I have read that George Washington was
proud to record in his dairy that on his in
auguration day he wore a coat that was made
in Connecticut. Sir. we are proud to say to
you that this nag: we are about to present to
you was made, every part of it, in California.
Its silk was manufactured here, its 6tandard
taken from our noble forests, its making a
labor of Jove by Californian hands, and. Mr.
President. I would say that we feel that we
could select no abler standard bearer than
you. Tou have taken it through calm and
through tempest and brought it forth with
no stripe sullied by dishonor and no star
dimmed, and we trust that any star added to
its azure field during your administration may
prove the brightest Jewel In Columbia's crown.
The flag: was then presented. _to the
President by little Marjorie Morse and the
President made a neat speech 'of thanks
to the ladies of tbe club. Miss Morse
¦was presented by Miss May Sharon with
a handsome doll in recognition of her
services. * •
While the President was at the Morse
home he met a large' number of friends
of his hosts and it was close to 11 a. m.
when he arrived at the Scott house.
Foreign Consuls Pay Respects.
At noon the foreign Consuls stationed In
this city called in a body on the Presi
dent. The majority of the gentlemen
•were dressed in. .uniform, while a few
were garbed in civilian clothes. The glit
ter of gold and silver lace attracted con
siderable attention from the crowds In
the park as the Consuls entered the
house.
The Vice Consuls and^attaches attended
their chiefs and the dean of the consular
oorps. Herr Adolph Rosenthal of the
German ; empire. Introduced his col
leagues.
With the exception of the Chinese Con
sul General all the foreign representa
tives in San Francisco were present. The
Chinese Consul, however, came in the
evening, accompanied by the presidents
of the Chinese Six Companies.
The President greeted the Consuls with
cordiality. After the departure the
President started for the reception of the
Srr.s of the Revolution at the Palace Ho
tel and then proceeded to Oakland to
review the school children.
He .returned from Oakland at 5- p. m.
srcl half an hour later received some of
the members of the Loyal Legion.
At 6 p. m. a procession of carriages
heralded the arrival of the Chinese Consul
General. Ho Yow. the attaches of the Chi
•noFe consulate and the presidents of the
F'x Companies and their secretaries. All
the Chinese officials -were dressed in the
full robes of their respective offices, and
formed a dazzling array of color as they
marched into the President's residence.
' Beautiful Gifts Presented.
Attendants of the Chinese Consul Gen
rral carried Into the house two boxes of
KP.ndalwood containing gifts for the Pres
ic'Tst. valued at $2000.
The Consul General and the officials
were introduced to the President by Sur
vpvor of the Port Joseph S. Spear Jr.. and
the Consul read In English the words on
the silken scroll embellished in Chinese
dimeters.
The address was written in ink on im
perial yellow silk, the document being
37x24 inches In diameter. It was embrtaiG
oreci with 1000 pearls and Is a superb speci
men of Chinese work. It was made In
<'&nton and arrived here two Says ago on
the America Mara. The cover containing
the address is also made of silk and is
embroidered in sold threads. The text of
the address is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 22. 1801.
To Hi« Excel ency McKinley. President of
the TTniteiJ St&t a of America— Dear SJr: By
she will of heav n every one has to follow the
destinies of tt ? world. Recent happenings
<n the Orient r ive brought all different na
tiors together Ii to, as It were, a theater for
on" international drama to which all eyes and
hearts- are attracted. Each nation lrnperson
.it«s a role; but amidst this 6cene and con
fusion the stately figure of the great United
j>ates of America, through its august, and
rr.bl" leader and President, Is very plainly and
'¦-rriblr x-lslble enacting tbe part of hero, ex
fndbac its trnety and powerful arms an-1
wW to protect its exhausted and Innocent
¦ : Tid China. I
~V« vorld te at the dawn of a new era. The
•5a4 race Is mfeetln? and amalgamaUns with
r new, which! must necessarily become the
r trolling factdr In the world's future des
''¦r.'.c% or politics^
rcs*eiocs of your Excellency's acts of wis
¦¦•¦m. nobleness pnd accomplishments the Chi-
D*se hail and congratulate you as the most be
hred and respected man In the universe, for
-nil have the respect of the five hundred mtl
'i. n subjects of China as well as the love of
-i ; ,. seventy odd million inhabitants of the
' V!:c<J States. J»o ruler or individual, whether
>.>«! or living, has ever enjoyed this proud
• t'retion. which will be the history of pos
' ' r a token and memorial of our sincere re
t-»t and admiration, we, the Chinese com
vnity of San Francisco, who are now tem
•;airy domiciled within American territory,
i.-p you and Mrs. McKinley to accept these
nfwmpanying souvenirs and testimonial to
rWlier with our well wishes for Mrs. McKln
l-y'p and your' ecod health ami everlasting
pirtpcrtty. ' •
President Will Treasure Offerings.
Tho Chinese then- presented
: 55 o' President with a pair of beautiful silk
portieres, thickly embroidered with gold
thread and fringe, the curtains being val
ued at $1000. A pold Intense burner and
ether gold ornaments, worth $200.~ were
also presented to the chief executive. "
The President then thanked the Chinese ;
FOREIGN CONSULS CALL ON PRESIDENT McKINLEY TO PAY THEIR RESPECTS, AND CHINESE DIGNITARIES PRESEN T GIFTS.
PRESIDENT SPENDS A BUSY DAY PRIOR TO DEPATURE
BIDDING FAREWELL TO MANY OFFICIALS AND FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/Ta ; SATURDAY; MAY 25; 1901.
STOCKTON HOPES
FOR SPEECH FROM
THE PRESIDENT
THE President's train will b9
met at Stockton by the city's
officials and leading citizens. I
No demonstration will be
"made in. deference to Mrs. McKinley.
The accompanying pictures are those •
of the Stockton Committee of Ar
¦ rangements. -
3YOUNG PEOPLE OF . VALENTINE HOLT. SOCIETY WHO PARTICI
'PATED IN THE RECEPTION TENDERED PRESIDENT McKINLEY BY
THE SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
torfc act that 1 love to recall Is that the only
speech George "Washington made as president of
the Constitutional Convention, presiding over Its
deliberations,-, was in favor of a proposition to
Increase the power of the people. And the
statesmanship that will continue to' recognize
the people In the affairs of government, the ad
ministration that will keep close to the peqple,
the lawmaker that will consult the wisdom and
the Judgment of the people, will 'constitute the
statesmanship of the future.1 which" will give
security for all time to this free Government of
ours. . • . - .-.,-¦
. I thank you for this cordial greeting. I am
y glad -to meet, my companions, of the Loyal
Legion, those with whom I kept step more than
thirty years ago. The spirit of .'61 was the
spirit of -'76. .and the (spirit 'that led our people
• at the beginning of our recent war to volunteer
' to the. number of 250.000, with a million more be
¦ hlpd them wanting: to enter ¦ the. ¦ service. • The
• ; spirit that • went . to, Cuba and freed that : op
pressed people and to Porto Rico and to the
Philippines Is but the reproduction of the spirit
of '76 and 1861. Let us keep that spirit alive in
these associations to-day and as they pass
away let the little children's .organization that
you have carry on the great I work you have
commenced. I thank you and bid you good
t afternoon. : . . ' •
• Children Present Souvenir.
. When- the applause had died away Elsie
Hilton Cross, aged 7. bewitchingly pretty
In a colonial dame costume, and Douglass
Chapin Mitchell, aged 9, were ushered for
ward and introduced' to the President,
who shook hands with them. The children
The plate, - of solid gold, is five inches
long by three wide. In the upper lef t-
are flag-bearers of the Valentine Holt So
ciety, Children of the American Revolu
tion, and their .mission was to present to
the President a gold plate as a souvenir
of his visit.
The number of deaf mutes in the United
States is over 111,000;. the number of total
ly blind is 88,924. , s . ' ¦ ',
Liptcn Granted Time.
NEW YORK, May : 24.— The challenge
committee of the New York'Yach* Club
at a" meeting this afternoon decided to ex
tend the time for the international yacht
race one month in accordance with the
wish for. this length of time expressed by
Sir Thomas Upton. - ¦¦ ¦•-.-¦-', .;¦•¦ ¦¦¦-•; . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
NEW YORK, May 24.— Miss Hortense
Carroll of Oakland, Cal.,; and Samuel
McLeary, who claimed residence at the
Hotel Washington, in Jersey City,- ap
peared before Justice of the Peace : Le
hane in that city at 3:40 o'clock Thursday
afternoon and said they wanted to get
married' in, a.hurry, as. they had to de
part for. the West on. the 4 o'clock train.
They were accompanied by Mrs. Alice
Carroll, who said she was the young wom
an's mother. ~~ *V
¦ The Justice told the pair to hold hands.
He rushed through the ceremony, filled
out a certificate and pocketed a fee of $10
in exactly three minutes and eleven sec
onds... The mother-in-law said the young
folks would be married over again by a
minister when they reached Oakland. ;
New York' Justice Makes
Time in a Wedding ; ,
Ceremony.
TIES WEDDING KNOT
IN A RECORD HUSH
Men never' Ket' too 'old 'to' acquire ex
perience. _ r . : ,.. v , v
Nevada Debaters "Win. i » •
RENO,' Nev., May, "24.— The intercol
legiate debate between the University of
Utah and the University^ of Nevada this
evening on the subject "Resolved, That
the : promotion of industries -by., subsidy,
bonus ; or bounty is bad public policy in
the United States", was won by Nevada.
CHICAGO, May V. 24.^-John Alexander
Dowle, the j "faith healer," was placed
under : arrest j here to-day, pursuant to
the' action of the, Coroner's jury, which
immediately declared him "criminally re
sponsible" for the death pf Mrs. Emma
Lucy Judd.
H. /Worthington Judd, a disciple of
Dowie, and husband of,' the victim, was
also placed '¦ under .arrest, having ap
peared. Both men were taken before
Judge Tuley," who admitted them to bail
in $10,000 each. Henrlka Bratsch and
Mary B. Speicher,' "maternity" • nurses
who were . at Mrs. Judd's bedside when
she 'died, were arrested last night and
later released under $5000 bonds.
¦ Mrs. : Judd died a week ago • after six
teen hours of ¦suffering." Her Infant also
died. -She was a member of Dowle's
congregation and : it is claimed she re
ceived no medical attention.
Dowie Held Criminally Rer
sponsible for Death of
a Woman.
POLICE CULL HALT
ON A FAITH HEALER
If Tammany wishes to make itseif solid
with New York society let It guarantee a
season of grand opera in that city next
winter.
Suspects Under Arrest.
WOODLAND. "May 24.— It is probable
that the men who robbed the railroad safe
at Yuba City are new In custody. A pris
oner In the Oroville jail gave Sheriff El-
Well a description of the men suspected
of the crime. He tractfti them to Sacra
mento, where one of them sold a lady'a
watch and bought some clothing, and an
other bought a revolver. Thence he fol
lowed th^m to Cacheville, in this county,
where they were arrested In a hobo camp.
Four men are in custody and the officers
are confident that three of them are the
men wanted. They were taken to Sacra
mento this afternoon for identification and
will be taken thence to Oroville.
. PHILADELPHIA. May 24.— The debate
on creed revision was continued by the
Presbyterian General Assembly to-day,
and Calvary Chdrch was unable to con
tain the throngs who came to hear the
discussion.
The Rev. Davis S. Kennedy of Alle
gheny, Pa., yielded the floor to Judge E.
W. C. Humphrey of Louisville, who signed
the minority report with Dr. McKibben.
¦ Judge Humphrey ¦ urged the elimina
tion from the committee's report of the
clause recommending: the brlof sum
mary of the reformed faith bearing tha
same~ relation to the confession which
the shorter catechism bears to the larg
er catechism, and formed on the general
mcdel- of the consensus creed. He
claimed it meant practically a new creed,
and should not be concurred In. aa the
Presbyterians did not desire a, new con
fession.
Dr. Kennedy followed with a forceful
argument against "revision. The .way to
break down the confession finally, be said,
is to go on making holes In it.
In conclusion, h& said:- "Our plea 13 that
now is not the time for changes while
the church is under fire. "We are not liv
ing in a constitution-making age. After
a fair, deliberate and free discussion, we
find ourselves all divided up. Let us wait
until God in his providence brings us to
the time when we can agree on the ques
tion at Issue."
Dr. John Dewitt of Princeton Univer
sity said there was no danger of a divi
sion in the church, and he wanted It to
go out to the world that no matter how
they may differ on the Westminster con
fession they stand united on the word of,
God. He spoke of the consistency of the)
beliefs of the church, which has stuck
closer to the doctrines of the Reformation
than any other church.
.President J. D. Moffatt of Washington
and Jefferson University advocated the
acceptance of recommendation B. The
recommendation asks that another com
mittee be appointed and that it be in
structed to prepare a brief summary of
the reformed faith. It would not be fair,
he said, to the 150 Presbyteries who haj
asked for some relief If the subject was
dismissed by the assembly. >
When the afternoon senior was» rnllM
to order, the Rev. J. W. Dinsmore of
California moved that the vote on L»r.
Banks' amendment, dismissing the whole
subject, be taken at 4:30 o'clock, and that
speeches be limited to ten minutes. The
motion was carried. General Louis Wag
ner of this city spoke against revision.
The Rev. Dr. Robert M. Patterson of
Pennsylvania declared it had been said
on the floor of the assembly that the con
fession of faith was not believed. This
brought- Dr. Johnson of Chicago to his
feet with the query: "I want to know who
says we do not bellleve the confession of
faith?" .
"I call Dr. Johnson to order," sajd a
voice in the assembly,
"Dr. Patterson has the floor," an
nounced the moderator.
Dr. Patterson concluded his speech wfth
the announcement that he was unalter
ably opposed to any change in the con
fession. Dr. W. H. Roberts, stated clerk,
declared himself in favor of a declaratory
statement. The amendment dismissing
the subject was lost by an overwhelming
rrajority. • .
Important" Session of the
] General Assembly in •
Philadelphia.
Presbyterians Discuss
the Revision Pro
posals, i-
CREED CHANCES
AROUSE DEBATE
Can This Be-TrtieP
The canny Scot has always been known
to love a social glasa, but the latest re
ports would ¦ indicate that I he is having
the .worst of the tussle with John Bar
leycorn., :
Thus we are informed by Mr. Clouston
superintendent of the. Royal 'Edinburgh
Asylum, the largest v In - Scotland, in re
porting, to the annual meeting .of the
board of directors, that -the increased
number of additions is to be ascribed to
the ' excessive use of , alcoholic • stimulants
during the recept ¦ period of. brisk trade
anjd • high : wages. : He " asserted that alco
holic .lunatics, Judging fom the admis
sions to the -asylum, had increased from
an ' average of 15V4 per, cent, covering the
years between 1874 to 1SS8. to 24V- per
centiln 1900. r •,_.¦'. • ' • ¦ • .- • •-,'
. Mrs. Nation' might . make a" summer trip
to : the ; land ¦ o' cakes and Investigate • the
situation.— Atlanta Constitution.-
Uniform Prices for Books.
It will be interesting to -watch and see
how the book publishers succeed in their
purpose .to establish and maintain uni
form* prices r for their books. The book
trade I has suffered severely by | the cut
ting of prices, ajid the plan, now adopted
is not- to Issue books • at higher prices,
but rather to put them on the market
at from 20 to 2a per, cent below the old
lists, and then; endeavor to i live up to
them, j Formerly the opposition of- the de
partment stores to this plan- would have
been very, great, but to-day, the book de
partments of these stores having become
established parts of their business, they
are very willing to aid in the enforcement
of the agreement. That" the undertaking-
Is only a tentative one so far is indicated
by the fact- that - it will not be made to
apply to books of fiction until later on. It
Is calculated that about 70 per cent of all
the books published in this country are
novels.— Boston ' Herald.
. - ;. - . ¦ - ¦ ... - •
A.Nice Surprise.
• A good story ia told on Rev. Mr. Hage
man. At the. annual meeting of the Con
gregational church the question of. hir
ing a preacher comes up. At the last
one, when the . question came up, Hage
man was rather anxious. The chairman,
a good old deacon, arose, saying:
"All those in favor of retaining Elder
Hageman for another year, at the same
salary, will please rise."
No one rose, and Hageman felt about
as mean as mortal man could feel. - But
tha chairman rose again, putting the
question:
"All those in favor of keeping Rev. Mri.
Hageman at an increase of salary will
please rise."
Every one rose. ; When it dawned upon
the good elder that they had been only
joking with him the scowl on his face
broke away ' into a . broad grin, as - an
icicle breaks away in sparkling water be
fore the beneficent rays of -a warm sun.
Some. of his best friends had planned the
scheme, which worked to perfection.—
Evening Wisconsin. £
Children Give Chief
Magistrate a Sou-
Vnir.
_
Distinguished Guest's
Final Address
in City.
• - ¦-.v < - :..;:, .¦¦:. v;<. .£- :
hand corner is the insignia of the society
enameled In colors and the inscription.
"Valentine Holt Society. Children of the
American Revolution, of San Francisco.
May 24, 1901." ; . .
After a short consultation between the
President, Secretary Cortelyou and
Colonel Jordan the President consented to
the personal introduction of<es many as
could be presented until he should have
to leave to embark on the Golden Gate for
Oakland to review the school children of
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
Handshaking Levee.
The handshaking levee did not last long,
but those present- passed rapidly and the
larger part of them had the pleasure or
shaking the President's hand before the
word for departure was given, and the
police escort took the chief magistrate in
hand and ushered him out, much as a
football team of earlier years formed
wedgrea to advance the .ball. -
The reception committee consisted of the
following representatives of the societies
participating: " ¦ ¦ \ '
Sons of the American Revolution — Colonel A.
S. Hubbard. Sidney M. Smith,. A. W. McKln
stry, W. M. Bunker, W. H. Jordan. Edwin
Bonnell. Charles H. Warner Robert Vander
cook, A. G. Eels. G. H. Gray. Wallace Ever
son,. W. J. Dutton and Byron Mauzy.
- Loyal ' Legion — Colonel \V. It. Smedberg and
Colonel Jesse B. Fuller.
Daughters of the American Revolution — Mrs.
John F. Swift, State regent: Mrs. Colonel- A.
B. Hubbard, past State regent; Mrs. William
Alvord, honorary State regent: Mrs. C. T.
Mills, regent of Sequoia Chapter: Mrs. Joseph
L. ' Moody, regent of. California Chapter: Mrs.
Isidore Burns, , regent of Puerto del Oro Chap
ter; Miss Mary R. Babson, regent of Oakland
Chapter; Mrs. J. D. Peters, regent of El Toyon
Chapter. Stockton, and Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Mrs. Frederick Hewlett,- Misa Eliza
beth M. Jones, Mrs. George H. Gray, Mrs.
Irving: Moulton. Miss Gertrude Burnett, Mrs.
George P. Thurston, Mrs. G. E. Mayhew, Mrs.
Isidore Burns, Mrs. H. P. Gregory, Mrs. S. R.
Patch. Mrs. J. D. Bolton, Miss Julia. Reed.
Miss Ida Gibbons. Miss Harriet Currier, Miss
Mary Voorhies. Mrs. B. C. Dick. Mrs. S. G.
Smyth. Mrs. Charles E. Bancroft, Miss Mary
S. Barker and Miss Gertrude Church. "
Valentine Holt Society. Children of the Amer
ican Revolution— Miss Ethel Stealey, Miss El
sie Moores and Shirley C. Walker. '
Fremont Club.
President McKinley did not attend the
meeting of the Fremont Republican Club
held In the maple room of the Palace Ho
tel last night. Secretary Cortelyou sent
a letter of regret, which was read to the
150 members present. Secretaries Hay and
Wilson were' also -unable to attend.
Speeches were delivered by Hon. James
A. Waymlre, N. W. Hall, Assemblymen
Treadwell and Macbeth. The following of
ficers were elected: President, N. W.
Hall; vice president, William M. Abbott;
recording" secretary, J. T. Gibson; finan
cial secretary. Grove Ketchum; treasurer,
L. Elkins; directors— E. F. Treadwell, F.
C. .Macbeth, Percy Hight and F. H.
Suhr Jr.
ONE MILLION
FOR THE BIRDS
New York Company
•May Have to Pay
Such Penalty.
NEW YORK, May 24.— State Game Pro
tector John E. Overton having entered the
Arctic Fieezins Company's storage-house
oh West street claims he found in cne
room 2000 partridges, quail, grouse and
ether game,, the shooting or possession of
which in this State out of season Is pun
ishable by K fir.e of $60 for ; the flr3t bird
killed or held in possession and $25 for
each other bird. .
The president of Ihe storage company
went to the Police Court with Overton,
where an "agreement was* made not to
search all the rooms in the place until to
day. Overton and a policeman will watch
the place and examine every package go
ing out.
The president of the company said that
he did not own a single bird in the place,
and he did not know who did the storing.
Assistant District Attorney Walsh said it
looked as if there would be a huge fine to
be paid. The possession of birds out of
season is a misdemeanor, punishable by
fine, and if the birds are such as to make
the company liable the fines will run up
into an enormous amount. He places the
sum total at $1,000,000. . ; .. , ;.. .y
: established this - free Government, and with
¦ them to give me welcome are representatives of
the men •who preaerved It in the awful clash of
- battle from,'61 to»'65.- .This association and the
Loyal Legion link the names of -Washington
and Lincoln Inseparably togetner. Great names
', they are in American history, the lustre lights
of their day,' the sacrificial giants who cleaved
the . darkness asunder and beaconed us where
. we are. . ¦ - • -...-•• • •
•j -, A Glorious Heritage..
And what a glorious heritage ' we have ! A
Government resting upon the will and judgment
' and conscience of all the people. A Government
a that develops human ' I effort and I energy and
noble purpose, ¦ as- we believe, better than any
government of earth. 5 There is nothing like it
* anywhere; : a .nation '¦¦¦: of ; 75,000,000 • of people
'stretching ".from the Atlantic to ¦ the Uaciflc,
. with possessions now far into the Pacific and
all .under, the control,! not of one man, not- of
Congress, • but : of the will of the sovereign peo
ple*. (Applause.) : What this Government is is
precisely what the people make it, and one hls-
Do you love nature? Are you proud of
your State? See the 40-page outing edition
of the News Letter. On sale !o-Ga.v. ;. • -
PROMINENT . REPUBLICANS" POR
TRAITS. Page3'ofthem" in the Wasp's
Presidential" souvenir number. On sale at
all news stancK: 25 cents.* . ?
"The Missouri 1 Pacific Limited"
'¦¦ The only, route' having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.~
Louis daily.'. 1 ; Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information' ask^L.
M. -Fletcher, 212 California street • "
Work on Tunnel Tied; Up.
NEW YORK, -May 24— Works on the
Rapid Transit tunnel was practically tied
up to-day; All the skilled- labor of every
form was idle from 108th^street down to
the City Hall and only diggers' or ordinary
laborers did anything in the tunnel at all.
. The strike arose out of a demand of the
rock drillers , for $2 75 " for an eight-hour
day and 70 cents an t hour for overtime.
These " demands were ,: sent In ; yesterday
to 'the various sub-contractors, and-only
those ¦ contractors above ; 108th street
agreed to them. 1 ?, /
Kills > a Woman and Hims&lf.
" NEW YORK, . May ; ' 24.—WilliamVWood
hull,' a farmer residing - at - Laurel, L. 1 "!.,
shot , and killed Martha Williamson, a
neighbor, last night, and then committed
suiefde. • The cause of, the tragedy is un
known. ¦'•:¦,''.' ' '¦'."'¦;'.'.:'. ' ' ' '¦"
ITALY IS AHOUSED
'» ' OVER SULTAN'S CONDUCT
Agent.
Immediate Reparation Demanded for
j ' '. the Arrest of an Italian Postal
CONSTANTINOPLE. May. 24.— In con
sequence of the arrest of an Italian pos
tal agent at Preveza. the Italian Charge
d* Affaires has demanded immediate repa
ration from the Porte. If this is not ac
corded Italy will sjjid warships. to Pre
veza to exact satisfaction. • -
Killed by a Falling Tree,
SANTA CRUZ. May 24.— Peter Peterson
¦was found dead to-day near Boulder
, fcreek. He had been killed by a falling
' tree. .
Schooner in Distress.
. PORT WASHINGTON, May 24.— An un
known three-masted lumber-laden schoon
er is in distress three miles south of here.
A heavy northeast wind prevails and may
drive the vessel ashore. A tug with the
life-saving crew aboard has gone to the
rescue.
ELECTHIC COMPANY
GIVEN EIGHT OF WAY
Question Over I/and Near Palo Alto
Will Now Be Considered by. a •
. ' . Jury.
SAN JOSE, '. May 24.— Judge Hyland to-
day made an order letting the Standard
Electric Company Into possession of the
property of Thomas Seale, near Palo Alto,
for the puipose of constructing" a pc^le line
across the same." The Standard Company
is required to deposit with the Superior
Court $500 to indemnify Sealfe for. any
damages which may result to his property
as a result of this electric line. . °
The hearing was primary to the trial of
.the case oniits merits by a' Jury, who are
to determine the price ,to be paid for the
right of way. Seale asked' an indemnity
of $10,000 before the electric company
should be let into possession of. the land.
This is the first of. many cases of the like
which will come up in this and San Mateo
County, and- the 'Standard' people have
thus won their first fight in condemning
for right of way several pieces of prop
erty along the route of .their pole line.
. Reports in Havana Convention.
HAVANA. May 24.— The minority report
of the 'Committee! on 'I.' Relations* was to
day defeated in the constitutional con
vention by a vote of 19 to 9. To-mcrrow
the majority report will be read and dis
cussed. The conservatives .believe the
•finah vale '.on -the latter report will be
taken Monday, but they do. not expect
to hold the full strength "shown to-day.. ¦*,¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 24.— Commander
Beaton Schroeder; Governor of Guam, has
been enjoying a novel experience on bull
back. He made a trip around the remote
island over .which he rules, using one of
the native bulljS tor a steed. In a letter
received by Acting Secretary of the Navy
Hackett, dated March 27. Governor
Schroeder refers to his . bullback ' riding.
The report follows: - • . ' .
"The condition of the island as affected
by the' hurricane is improving a good deal.-
The issue of rations has considerably. dU
minlsted and it Is hoped soon to be stop
ped. . S. M. Damon of Honolulu sent a
generous gift of thirty sacks of seed sweet
potatoes, which have been distributed and
Slanted.'.' . '. . ... . . ' .'.
.'.The Governor reports having made an
other* journey on bullback about the Isl
and i to , examine the roads. The ¦ town of
Pago was entirely destroyed by a hurri
cane.'and no attempt has been made. to
rebuild it. . A few planters- have built cot
tagap on neighboring heights, but the ma
jorl$y"b.ave come to Agana to settle. Yria
raj an* Has progressed considerably during
the past" two months, but will not be re-
Bttred'-'to iits usual condition,' for some
months! yet. The church, will not proba
bly, be rebuilt. • Spring/ rains Jiave begun
and the Governor's journey ton bullback
was attended with great inconvenience
and "discomfort, but the object was at
tained of seeing the. roads under-unfavora
ble circumstances. ,.',¦'; ... u ,
GOVERNOR OF GUAM'S
TOUR ON BULLBACK
Novel Method of Inspecting
Remote Districts on the
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, May 2?— Dr. H. M. Bracken,
secretary of the State Board. of Health,
declares that the increase of smallpox in
Minnesota is alarming. „ Since April 22
1161 cases have been reported to the State
Board, and this totalwas to-day reported
to the surgeon general of the marine hos
pital service at Washington. Commenting
on this report,. Dr. Bracken said this aft
ernoon:
"The condition in the country districts
is worse now than it has been at any time
during the past three years, and the pros
pect for next winter is truly alarming un
less officials and the people In general at
tend to the duties devolving upon them
in preventing the spread of the disease.
The increase of the disease at this time is
largely due to the return of lumbermen
from the northern part of this State and
Wisconsin to their various homes."
More Than One Thousand
Cases Are Reported in
¦ Minnesota. ;
ALARMING SPREAD
OF THE SMALLPOX
Last of Receptions
Arranged for
McKinley.
Loyal Descendants of
Patriots Extend .
Welcome.
FIVE hundred men and , women,
with pride of Revolutionary an
cestry welling up in loyal
hearts, greeted their compatriot.
President McKinley, yesterday
afternoon at the Palace Hotel
with an enthusiasm and affection
due to their recognition of his stalwart
patriotism and devotion to the flag whose 1
origin and subsequent glory 'are owing so
largely to the efforts of their fathers'
fathers. The reception was given by the
Sons and Daughters of the American Rev
olution and the Loyal Legion.
None of the smaller receptions in honor
of the President has been marked by
more pleasant features than was this one.
A certain homogeneity in character and
purpose among the men and women pres-
ent lent harmony and dignity to. the occa-*
sion, and the quiet underflow of patriotic
sentiment was strong and unmistakable.
The members of the three socletie's be
gan to. arrive early, and before 1 o'clock:
they had been admitted to the room com
monly used as the American dining-room,
where the reception was to ¦ be held. By
1:30 o'clock, when the President arrived,
probably 500 people -were present. Many
prominent society matrons, handsome, ele
gantly dressed young women and vener
able men prominent in business and pro
fessional circles were present.
The President's carriage was driven
into tfie court and he was escorted direct
to the reception hall." An aisle had been
kept open -along the north side of the
room, down which he was ushered to a
small platform at the west end of the j
room. -...-,-•
Colonel W. H.' ¥ Jordan, president of the
San Francisco Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution; William M. Bunker,
G. W. Spencer and Colonel John E. .Cur
rier, who composed the committee on ar
rangements; escorted the President • from '
the carriage to the reception hall plat
form. The members of the Cabinet—Sec
retaries Hay, Wilson and Hitchcock and
Postmaster General Smith— followed the
President and .were shown to seats on the
rostrum.' ,
Best Beloved Since Washington.
The appearance of the President was,
the signal for the beginning of a storm
of applause that lasted until Colonel Jor
dan stepped forward to introduce the dis
tinguished guest. Colonel Jordan said:
Sons and Daughters of the American Revo
lution, members of the Loyal Lesion: Lan
guage with all its wealth of words and gran
deur of description cannot express our pleas
ure after weeks of expectant waiting to be
hold in our midst the genial face and beloved
form of William McKinley, our chief magis
trate; one who, as has been said, is,, since
Washington, the best beloved of our Presidents,
one wbo -by his conservative and far-reaching
statesmanship and sterling patriotism has en
deared himself to the American people. When
the historian records the names of the Presi
dents most esteemed and revered and beloved
the four names that will be 'written are Wash
ington, Lincoln, Grant and McKinley.
Mr. .President, the descendants of those who
In 1776 gave to the country Jts liberties and
sent down to us our institutions, dedicated bj
their blood, and these members of the Loyal
Legion, who witji you in 1S61 fought for the
perpetuity of those institutions and liberties—
these greet you to-day. We welcome you most .
cordially.
And now, ladies and gentlemen. It gives me
great pleasure to introduce our compatriot,
William McKinley, President of the United
States.
An outburst of. enthusiastic • applause
followed the closing words of the speaker.
The President Speaks. r
President McKinley spoke as follows:*
Members of the Sons of the Revolution,
Daughters of the American Revolution and My
Companions of the Loyal Legion: It gives me
peculiar satisfaction and pleasure to be i greeted
here in the city of San Francisco by the mem
bers of these historic associations, and I salute
with reverence and affection this chapter which
was the origin and beginning of the now most
memorable organization known as the Sons of
the American Revolution. (Applause.) It was
here that the first order of this great associa
tion was established. It has spread all over the'
country and is doing magnificent work not only
in preservtng--the historic relics and caring for
the historic battle grounds, but is teaching to
our children the blessed history of the sacrifices
of the American Revolution.
This association links the past with the pres
ent. Here to-day are descendants of those who
NINE-HOUR DAY
ON RAILROADS
Machinists Will Make a
New Demand on
Employers.
Failure, to Comply Will Give
Cause for Tremendous
¦ v ' Strike. •
WASHINGTON. May 24.— President
James O'Connell of the International As
sociation of Machinists announced this
afternon that ho would recommend to the
next annual convention of machinists, at
Toronto, beplnnlg June 3. that a date be
set for a nine-hour day without reduction
in wages on all the railroads of the coun
try. On railroads which fall to comply
with this demand a strike will be ordered.
This recomendation will be made In Mr.
O'Connell's annual report. Mr. O'Connell
E«ys that such a strike would involve
probably 100,000 men. including 40,000 ma
chinists. . .'¦*¦.
The policy will be to enforce the demand
by tying up practically the. entire mechan
ical service of the roads. It was simply
a matter of policy, he said, that the rail
roads were not included In, the present
strike. Although a number of them are
now involved, none of the roads were
originally contemplated in the order de
claring the present strike. Mr. O'Connell
says the convention will doubtless fix a
date when the nine-hour day must be In
operation on all roads, and he beiieves
this date should be some day in the
autumn.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon Mr. O'Con
nell said the outlook. of the present strike
was very gratifying. The headquarters of
the strike has been shifted from Washing
ten to Toronto, for which city President
O'Connell left to-night.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Representatives
of the manufacturers of the metal trades
of New Jersey, New England and New
York held a conference in this city to-day
to consider the best means of stopping the
strike of the International Association of
Machinists. N. B. .Payne of Klmira pre
sided.
A. B. See. head of the A. B. See Eleva
tor Company, who was at the meeting,
when asked concerning the meeting said:
"There are 200 men here who are metal
trades manufacturers, -and they are a
unit in the decision to resist the demands
of the strikers. The machinists have vio
lated their agreement. Even if we did
give in to them and let them have the
nine-hour day with ten hours' pay, what
of the future? Their action is inspired by
labor leaders.
"Prom the printed reports sent from
O'Connell's office in Washington you
would think that our people are givingr
up the fight, but it is not right. A few
manufacturers are giving up, but as many
as 75 -per cent are standing firm.
"There was no need for this strike.
Most of the manufacturers wouia have
given the demands willingly, but the men
had l:*en ordered to strike months ago.
They are only hurting themselves by this.
We cannot trust these labor leaders and
are not going to put ourselves in a posi
tion to be dictated to In the future."
COUNCIL RECEIVES REFOBTS.
Delegates Assure Labor Body That
Strike Is Progressing Favorably. ..
The meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council at Pythian Hall last night
brought together a large number of dele
gates, but resulted in little being disclosed
concerning the strike.
Reports were made by representatives
of the various unions, which showed that
the ironworkers were with
by the labor organizations, but nothing
new developed in the situation. .'
The Machinists' Union delegate reported
a. stagnant condition of affairs regarding
the strike.
The delegate from the Moldero' Union
reported that the stand of that organiza
tion had been reported to the international
body and a reply is expected within a few
days.
The delegates from the Metal Polishers'
Union informed the council that five shops
had been unionized and that their strike
was progressing favorably.
J. C. Lane, representing the Cooks and
Waiters, said in an interview that the
FtrlkP tituatlon so far as they were con
cerned had suffered little change. Five
additional restaurants had been added to
the list of union establishments, two of
which were new places started by men
whu were out on strike.
It was decided by the council to com
municate with President. Gompers of the
American Federation of Labor requesting
that Organizer Pierce be allowed to re
main In this city until July 1, as his pres
ence was greatly needed.
CHARGES OF CONGER
NOT WELL FOUNDED
The council declared its intention of
levying a boycott on the American Bak
?ry. at 637 Broadway; F. Hageman, 1057
Howard street, and Sehmitz's bakery, at
243 Second street. The boycott was or
dered because these places furnished
bread to bakeries whose men were out on
strike.
Court-Martial Officers' Ex
onerate Captain of
Marine Corpa
WASHINGTON. May 24.— The record of
the court-martial in the case of Captain
Xewt Hall, .United States Marine Corps,
who was charged by Minister Conger with
cowardice in connection with the de
fense of the legations at Peking, has just
reached Washington. • •
' Admiral- Remey has promulgated the
finding in a special order, which complete
ly-exonerates Captain Hall from the
charge, and finds that the only matter
of .substance sustained in the charges is
an error of judgment, in connection with
the withdrawal of his troops at a critical
moment from the Tartar wall.
SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION
AND MEMBERS OF LOYAL LEGION GREET THE PRESIDENT
THE SAN /-FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1901, ;
4
A-PVEBTISEMENTS.
j^S TALL CORN
yx£?W doesn't come by accident A
ygWj fertile soil and careful cultiva.
H£Vp tion are necessary to produce
the towering steins and heavy
ifl^y /?\ Yet the ' arraei ' WQ o trnder-
VY^wX stands that he ca a't have *
V i Iffla ea^*^y c °ni ' crop without
rov Wj . feeding: and weeding, seems
n\v si X to think that he can ha-re. a
{/ >5 «2f>^ healthy body without either
I Iwr' f* 3 " 6 ° r culture. But the body
L^K» is built up just aa the corn is,
by the assimilation of the
Hrm J^ - several chemical elements on
In /* which vitality depends. And
H Iw^w w .^ at w^eds are to the corn,
Ifil i&4Jn ease9 °f tbe stomach and
1MJ w¥/9 nntr itive systems are to the
tOsJIMrh bc^ 7 ' toe y iTert the neces-
|g^B%l\ sary food supply from the
WwmVl proper channels, and the
I imil V n "°°7 becomes lean, sickly
X/xW MM an^ i^-nourished.
wl! S The proper digestion and
r^±L fwl assimilation of food is a. pri-
ffiin&k mai T ess « ntia l of health. By
WjxVS healiD ? diseases of the stom-
Wjf&M ach and orsrans of digestion and
Cd& ) *^ nutrition, Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery increases
rTj&^^S the digestive and assimilative
• -*™S>UkA powers, stimulates the action
IIBKHbH °^ e blood making glands,
]/J$ft9S8S& and sends to every organ of the
§§£&Qi£S%£ body the rich red-corpuacled
Ki<^^«| '^lood on which physical vigor
KrUaBsB aQ d vitality depend.
T M^- ."I toot two bottles of Doctor
r^J^j»*4 Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
H^HHra| ery, for stomach trouble," writes
Clarence Carnes, Esq.. of Taylors-
r^lMBSwB town, Ix>adoun Co., Va. "It did
i^a me so much good that I didn't
r JPRH take any more. I can eat snwt
k^^h anything notv. \ am so 'well
»\ HafiS? Pleased with It I hardly know how
£a Sf&SS to thank you for your kind Infor-
ySSMttSd mation. I tried a whole lot of
VaSSaua thiQS 9 before I wrote to. you
Vk&Stf There was a srentleraan told me
I BH' about your medicine, how it had
l liiH cured his wife. I thought I would
!/ WfSi try a tottle-of it- Am now glad
) / B'^o that I did, for I don't know what
H «n W& J woulcl hav e done if it had no:
Wil ? >cen f ? r Dr - Kerce's Golden Mtd-
N^rilf Wr * ca * Discovery."
WtiWm Dr ' pierce ' s Peasant Pellets
Vf^jfflE/ regulate the bowels and cure
... imtrnr,! constipation."
- ' _ ¦¦ ¦ . ." " !
M BIst f ts * non-pol«mot»
i i jflT Iff '<" l *Td^l J, fl , me <ly tar Gonorrh**,
jgSE&cEREi* TU £••«». 3j»ermatovrha»,
• /BSiJ'ln 1 to5dvr».\fl "hit"', uunuural ;ij-
BBftifl Ooaraateed H chargl . or any Inflaciaia-
H«»I not i* itrletort. Jion, ) ritation or ulccr*-
rw« /rtreau esDucioo. tlon t mil co us m«m-
KT1tkeEvassCheuic»iCo. branes. Non-astrinsent.
%*gAcmCINN»TI,0 -EBB Sold by Dranlttt.
n,S.A. 2Sm or B * nt * n Pl»'n ¦wrap-^r,
JlUm^^ L^Hrvk b ' express, prepaid. Cor
1 ! * 10o > or 3 bottles, )2.-3.
t Expert Opinion Unanimous I
Hfc[- -.•'.;•¦ '¦ '. . ¦ - ¦ \ IN ' DECLARING T : .V\ ' VS»;
THE SAFEST AND BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN. @)
* Senator Professor Paul Mantegozza, Florence, Italy, writes • . j V
0j[\ i " "Huuj-adl Janosls certainly tho best aperient vrater, seeing that a dose of from fSpL
one-half to a' glassful secures an immediate' and painless evacuation. Vlrchotv de- (• hP
y^ scribed j It : as 'most -, valuable, * .. a nd tho ' foremost clinical ; physicians of x Germany . oB .
have employed : it with the greatest •qccess.'V, '
® For Constipation, Biliousness &Torpxd Liver. ©
A Q 1/ for the fall Namc,< I, A D X? I U bi«, with ®
/A v3 1\ «*Hiinyadi.Janos.?» S LADLL ??, e ? Dtre ® ;The Maybrick Business.
Tho apparently semi-official statem«nt
that Mrs. May brick was to be released
from prison had been followed by a denial;
but there is no doubt that there is an ac
tive propaganda at work in the Interest of
the unfortunate woman.
A pardon at this time was hardly to be
expected from the English King, He Is
now under th« neoemiUy of hedging
uKHlnet the record of, tha late Prince of
W'ftleu, In the widespread respect shown
the munory of his mother he must have
noticed the underlying reason— an appre
ciation of her ronservfttlon of the home.
Victoria found a rotten court a» a, legacy
from tha flvo preceding monarehs, Con*
sMtutlonallsm deprived her of aotual share
In thfl Uovprnment, but her prerogative
In court wns unquestioned, Hho net the
nflPfi fnr Knglish society. Into her pres
ence ne woman of doubtful record ever
paused. The Influence of this was far
reaching, Tt made tha Knsllsh home of
the 'Vlntorlnn era a very different insti
tution from that under the Oeeratfs. <¦
Unfortunately for herself. Mrs. May
briek offended against th© family, and the
ficn of Kiitflrtiul's Qu#«<n was n«i a«aiMt
her. it may be depended upon that a
womnn ef .Vietaria's sense of Justice had
nil the fasts before her from private
sources. 'A pardon from th» King new
would be a revertonl of hln mother's polley.
Tt may pome Inter, when It cannot bfar
that construction, for Mrs. Maybrlck has
been HUfUclently punlshdd. whenever her
oiiuo Is prPBented on Its true mftrlt*— an
appeal for clemGncy.~Atlttnm Constitu
tion. ¦ ¦¦• • ' "
: PRESIDENTIAL,. RECEPTIONS \AND
PARADES. AU In. the Wasp's sixty-page
Presidential souvenirs On , sale every
where.- 25 cents. ¦¦." '•
THOU0AND WITHOUT, FOOD
IN STOOD-RUXNED TOWN
Receding Waters in Upper Bait Ten
ikbcco Reveal a Sad Scene of
Devastation. , •
KN0XV1LLM, TdMti.,/ May 84,-Repertfl
frem Upper Tomiessoo indlca,ta that tho
high water in all. tha flvers-la receding.
Ulleabethton, the wrecked tdwn, pree'duts
a terrible spectacle, and us tho water dis
appears tho more serious ¦ Incomes the
situation. Railway ! communication was
restored tc-day between Johnson City and
Elizabcthton. . , . '..'„*¦.;<,
The towns of Allcntown and Butler
have been moro or less devastated. All
the stores in the former place were swept
away and 1000 people are without food.
The dead body of an unknown woman
was found at Mllllgan; below Elizabeth
ton, last night. This brings the dead up
to fourteen.
Gunboats on Great Lakes.
WASHINGTON, May 24,-Any doubt
that may have existed as to tho right of
tho United -States Government .to send
small. auxiliary gunboats into the'j Great
Lakes in training for the national' militia
have been | dissipated so far as tho cases
of, tho Dorothea and the Hawk aro con
cerned by the graceful acquiescence of
the Canadian Government in the
ment, it being represented that the boats
would traverse the St. Lawrence and tho
lakes without -guns .aboard,,, and. It also
being understood' that they are to be used
solely for purposes. of drills.* :
Governor Nash' Getting Well.
OMAHA, 4 Ncb., May 24.— Mayor ¦ Moores
and Edward Rosewater „ headed /a dele
gation -of the; Ohio , Society of •.'Omaha
which - met Governor Nash f s ' train *¦ this
morning.. The Governor's health *.* was
much improved' and practically t. all'" tTie
effects of ¦ the- poisoning ' have been -re
moved.- The party; left over the "Chicago
and Northwestern at 8:45 for Chicago. 'v
Farmer Murdered in * a Barn.
SCHENECTADY, iN. Y., May, 24.^-rDavid
Reynolds, 1 a farmer living two nriles from
this city, - was ; found' murdered lin ihis
barn. : His head was mashed'to a.pulp by
an ax, -.which was found- near.-by.^Rey
nolds ' was and - wealthy, -and * the
report ¦ was ' circulated - that < he . was : In ; the
habit of carrying large.sumsi of .money In
his boots. .When the body ; was found the
LONDON, May 24.— An explosion
occurred this morning at tho Uni
versal colliery at Senghenydd, in
the Rhondda Valley. About a
hundred men were In tho pit at
thfl tlmo.'of the disaster,.- and'' there ap
pcarrni little hope of saving tho HvftB of
any of them, . '
.ReucufXH at tho colliery worked with
tho greatest dlflloulty, owing to lack of
air, Tha wreckage of tho pit was corn
plate, almost precluding liapu that Iho
Imprisoned men pan hs-vo survived,
/The rtisoitflrs have found h. number of
bodies, but there Is no hope that soventy
miners who aro still entombed will be
brought cuiytilive.
Explonlou in Quaniffl.'
GAPI9 TOWN, May 24,-There was nn
axpleslnn in the n«w Cnmpbell quarries in
Natal yesterday. Two JSuropeans and sev
eral natives were* Injured and twenty
eight natives are missing,
EAST TAWAS, Mich., May 24.-The
wooden steamer Baltimore foun
dered this morning in Ijake Huron
near Au tiablo and twelve of her
crew of fourteen were drowned.
Two men were washed about In tho lake
for several hours, laHhed to pieces of
wreckage, and wcrn finally picked up by
the tug Columbia and brought in here,
Oftorgo AJrfilmilH, a duck hand, one of tho
rtificued, w«nt urazy from his experlonue,
Tho oilier survivor, ThnmaN Murphy of
Mflwuukeo, HK'nrHi engineer, wuh able to
tell (hi! ntory (if tho illHitwt'ir,
Thfl <i«H/l:
(JAITAIN M, H/PLAOBi master of the.
¦ten-tntr-i
MHH. M, IT, PLACE, wife of Captain
]'inv(\\ HtawttrdfNN,
MIO7IA15T* TWUSATinSN, Hrnt mnte.
joiin DM^m-mH. steward,
JSinrAitn owjsn, whafiimnn.
C, W. HKATtH. whflPlmnn.
OBOIKIM W. Hl-'OTT, watchman,
IfiSltmailT WINNING, wiUohmftn.
V, MAUUOUX, fhlfif engineer.
WJMJAM flAHKKU; fireman.
]'. KHKWOKU, tlrnman.
AUUUHT ANDI5H8ON, deck hand.
Helmed by a Survivor.
It wflH some tlfflH Hfttip (ho Columbln
had brought the uhliiwreeked men into
uort before Murphy wag revived »uf
fldeiitly te tell his story, The Ualtlinena
foundered about d o'clock this morning
ti 11*1 Jm \vi»h lu the water until Into In t)m
afterndotti
"Wo wer« bound from Loraln to Bault
Bte. Mario,", he ttuld, "and hod In tow ft
largo ntcom drill and scow. When of!
Thundnr Hay laet night Captain Place
rtecidnti to turn about and run for TaWRS
for shelter. When Wo arrived olt Au
Sablo tho steamer struck heavily on the
bottom. Tho eean broke over her at the
Kama t'.mu and carried away the deck
house, then the after cabin and finally
the ontokcHtack foil. Both rails forward
broko In two Just aft of the forward deck
house, and wo know that It was only a
few minutes bofjro tha steamer would
go to piece*..
"'it la every man for himself now!'
shouted Captain Place. The look of de
spair on Mrs. Place's faco was something
I shall never forgret. It was awiul. We
took tho captain's advice, and each man
started to save himself as best ho could.
Some of the boys took to the rigging,
but McOlnnls and I laahed ourselves to a
rinsr bolt in a piece of after, cabin and
we were washed overboard shortly after
ward.
¦McGinnis Goes Mad.
VThe strain was too much for McGlnnis
and he went crazyibefore we had been In
the water very longr. He tried to 'throw
me off the wrockaxe, but I talked to him
and encouraged him to hold on. Twice he
got loose and tried to drown us both, but
each time I succeeded in quieting him... I
told him a. boat v/as coming to take' us
off, and then I would get him tied, fast
again.,. .,¦„.•¦¦¦•* . - . -.-¦¦„. ¦ •¦'„'¦¦"•
. "The Columbia finally "came along and
picked us up just as I was about to give
up hope". I am afraid all of the rest of the
crew were drowned, Including Mrs. Place.
I only wonder how it was that we lived
through it all." . * . , . . • < ¦ r
1 Murphy was In the water from 8 o'clock
this morning until 2 o'clock this after
noon. ' j . ¦.,.'¦• ' . ¦¦¦ • ' ' < ¦ •
Tho tug Columbia lost a drill scow with
six men on board just before she picked
up the men from the Baltimore. The, Co
lumbia went out again this afternoon and
found the drill. -The men were taken oft
badly frightened; as they had neither boat
nor life preservers. The. scow was then
towed In here. • -, ¦
¦ The steamer •w as ' rated ' at $40,000 by; the
underwriters and was insured for nearly
that amount. ¦ .
4
WATERTOWN, N. Y., May 24.—
A, special to tho Standard from
Oerdensburg says: The excur
. filon steamer Emplra State,
' one of tho largest of the Fol
ger line, has been beached" near Brock
vlllo', Ont,, and Its resting with nine fent of
wator In her hold, Tho Hteumer Imd GOO
•'•xuurMloniMtfi on' hoard from Proacott nrid
HrockvUlu, hmuid for tho Quenn'» birth
iiny I'eliibrullnn nt Kln&nton, The firemen
loft tho portholes open un<] thn water
ruuhort In, HxtlngnlNhlnar th« tiro, Tha boat
wan bonuiiHd »na her pusunnKflrB landed
safely,
The Bnnta Fe Is now Pnrrylng pgeien
gera to the YoeemUa via stage from Mer
eed. Stftitins en (JftllfornWi Limited to
day, you urn at the Hrtntlntil Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, j'mubIiiu Merced illg Trvgs
"'aLu about II hi. fill Market street. •
Yoiemtte Valley via Santa Fe.
KINGSTON, "N..V., May 91.— Frank He
ray, mn of h. Methodist clergyman, shet
and killed (?httrl@g Vundet'lyn tit Oreen*
ik*ld ypHtordity. , lleroy was drunk anrt
Hhiiiitig his uncle, .Ihih.im Iffiny, tut uged
••t'Uiplo. JIIs tnollutr asked Viuulurlyn to
Iritt'rfem lieroy bcoam« ittitfry utid, se
curing a shotgun, killed ViituTerlyn.
Kills thn Man Who Interfered,
Fearful Explosion Occurs in the Universal Colliery at Senghenydd and a
Steamer Sinks on Huron.
SERIES OF DISASTERS ON LAND AND LAKE
IN WHICH HEAVY LOSS OF LIFE IS REPORTED
pupils of the various schols had a holiday
and there were the usual ringing of bells
and the firing of salutes at -Windsor and
at the military and naval stations. There
v/cra special observances of the day in
Australia, at the Cape and in India.
SIR ALFRED MILNER, . BRITISH HIGH COMMISSIONER, WHO HAS
, GONE TO LONDON TO AIDSECRETARY CHAMBERLAIN IN BOOM
: ING HIS WAR POLICY IN "SOUTH AFRICA.
AMERICANS END
LIVES OF SPIES
General MacArthur Re
ports on Executions
in Luzon.,
?
Secretary* Root Receives Rec
ommendations From
Commissioners.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1403 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 24,-Major Gen
eral MacArthur has sent to the War De
partment the official orders he has Issued
In several cases of spies caught within the
American lines. One of the men tried was
Lorenzo Pricto, a Spaniard, who while
employed in Southern Luzon as an agent
of a Manila copra firm sent to the insur
gent general Callles and his subordinates
all tho military information he could
gather. The commission which tried
Prieto sentenced him to be hanged, but
General MacArthur commuted the sen
tence to ten years' imprisonment.
A society of dacoits has been formed in
Luzon to exterminate "American spies"—
natives friendly to the United States
forces. Juan Crisostomo Benedicto was
murdered by his servants at the instiga
tion of the chief of the dacoits. The na
tives were sentenced to be hanged. Nine
natives charged with the murder of Horo
taVuisumbing, a Viscayan merchant, who
was loyal to the American Government,
¦were each hanged or sentenced to impris'
eminent for twenty years. They were
members of a band of Mando dacoits,
whose chief office was to kidnap such
men as were reputed to be friends of the
Americans or obnoxious to tlie insurgent
authorities. General Callles paid some na
tives 20 pesos for the crime. To others he
paid a large sum.
Secretary Hoot received to-day the re
port and recommendations of the Philip
pine Commission as to the form of civil
government to be instituted in the archi
pelago on July 1. The Secretary declined
to make the recommendations of the
«-ommission public, explaining that he had
rot yet read them. Besides, he desires to
present the report to the President and to
discuss the views of the commission with
that official and members of the Cabinet.
]t is generally understood that .Judge
Taft is to be made Governor of the Phil
ippines and that the other members of
the commission are to form his Cabinet.
Anticipating the establishment of civil
government, the commission has been giv
ing civil rules to provinces, and it is pre
sumed that the recommendations made
are an application of the provincial gov
ernment system to the entire archipelago.
FEABS SECOND EEV0LUTI0N.
Judge Neer Says There Is Danger in
Eeorganizing the Judiciary.
MANILA, May £4.— The discontent
amTg the natives at the appointment of
American Judges and alleged discrimina
tion in the civil servicG in favor of Ameri
cans is finding expression, encouraged by
some of the native Judges, who are aware
That the reorganization of the judiciary
vrill result in the loss of their positions.
Judge Neer of the Court of First ln-
Ptance of Tondo. one of the leaders of
what is beginning to be called the radical
wing of the Federalists, declared to-day
that if such things continue there will bo
a second revolution. Some of the promi
r.ont Federalists ridicule the prediction.
The Philippine Commission's selection
of Judges was thoroughly considered. It
is undeniable that most of the native
Judges lack the competence reauired. One
of them has been removed for malfeas
nt}c* and others, ara nuspected of irregu
larities. The classlrtcatlons of the civil
service avoid discriminations, but native
and SpanFh qualifications .ire not equal
to those of capable Americans. Some de
railments arc employing natives at tho
risk of temporary inconvenience.
After a conference with General Mac-
Arthur General Trias has undertaken ne
gotiations at Lucban for the surrender of
General Callles, which is dally expected.
MncArthur Exonerates "Woodruff.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— The mall from
Manila brought the report of General
MacArthur upon the Investigation made
en to the connection of Colonel Woodruff
and other regular commlseary officers
with the fraud* In the commissary de
partment. This report. It Is understood,
rxor.erates Colonel Woodruff, although
nome of his former subordinates are eaid
in he criticized for lax methods.
Fierce Tire in Coal Mines.
CHEYENNE, "\Vyo-. May 24.— A fierce
fire is burning in the coal mines at Alla
rlln, in Crook County, and the mines havo
\>c€-n abandoned. The flre Ktarted four
vcfks neo, but all effort*) to extinguish it
bave failed. The entries have been
t-fu\c(i nnd the (Ire will be NtnothtTAri.
Tills may rf<iufr« several months. Nu
llvrs have !>ren lost.
Marries a Hoyal Navy Captain.
TENDON, May st— Mm, Arthur Tr«»e,
(\« lighter of Mnrt-Juill Field of Chicago.
wu« married W'edn^Hrisy to i'aptaln JJnvJq
tv-stty of i lift HoyMl N«vy.
The order issued by the King of Great
Britain for his first entry into Parliament
Includes a requirement that women par
ticipating shall wear dresses cut low. The
affair will take place in tho afternoon.
The order must, therefore, shock the
American flunkies, who maintain that a
swallow-tail coat and a low-necked gown
must never be worn before 6 o'clock, sum
mer or winter. There are men and women
who profoundly wish that neither a swal
low-tail coat nor a low-necked dress
should ever be worn, with an exception in
favor of cutting 1 out the dress bodice mod
estly for coolness in the heated term.
The objection to the royal and imperial
British order for low-necked dresses when
the Emperor of India opens the houses of
Parliament Is, however, purely humane.
Every woman who can will endeavor to
be present on so exciting an occasion. The
order Is absolute as to exposure of the
shoulders and bust to winter weather,
whatever it may be that day. Pneumonia
la as prevalent in London as In Chicago,
perhaps more so. The doctors will have
a profitable increase of business following
the day the Emperor of India appears be
fore Parliament. •
Nor should the new monarch be hastily
censured for this barbarous ritual. He
has said that he will follow the steps of
the late monarch, who never relaxed or
suspended this rule at her drawing rooms,
always held by day, and always the cause
of serious illness, with their full propor
tion of consequent deaths.
This is one of tho objects for which
monarchies are maintained — to thin out
the population.— Chicago Chronicle.
A Barbarous Etiquette.
The St. Louis Globe-Democrat lately re
quested 100 Missourlans to name the ten
greatest persons Identified with the his
tory of the State, living "persons excluded.
As the result it gives the following list:
Benton, Blair, Sterling Price, Eads,
James S. Rollins, Eugene Field, Bates,
Donlphan. Bland and Biahop Marvin. The
¦memory of tho present generation in
Missouri does not seem to extend back to
the deeds of Merhvethcr Lewis and Wil
liam Clark, who mode the wonderful ex
ploration to the Pacillc in 1804-6, and who
were both territorial Governors before
Benton or any of the elect went to
Missouri. They first made Missouri and
the trans-Mississippi known to tho world,
and are not only without a public monu
ment In St. Louis to record their great
deed, but are to be excluded by tho vote
announced by the G^obe-Democrat from
the Missouri Valhalla proposed as part of
the International Exposition of 1003. This
in on a par with Kentucky's neglect to
the memory of George Rogers Clark, her
greatest pioneer. — Louisville Courier-
Journal. * '
Neglecting the Pioneers.
Th« Hundred Year Club of Vew York
lias been searching for the oldest person
In the world. It believes It has found him
in Isal Rodefstl of Moscow, Russia, who
Is 136 years old. !!«¦ was horn in 1765, ten
years before tb« battle of Ix»xlnffton was
fought. Ho wh» 4 ypHTH old when Napo
leon Iionnniiite wuh horn ttnri f»<> vears of
ng« when tho buttle of y»tfirloo vim
fought, Th« nlfifst woman f« Mr3, Nunuv
HniJiliH.I of HiilHe <'n«-W, Mich. Hhw In
117. Old leal iuiH tnUen h lliil«> Honor nil
Ii|h iff" • hut ha pBPhawM tobncpo, Th« nln
lady. howflVfir, hn» llvfrt ft qul«t. elmnln
llfn till through Iht 117 yearn and inlNssad
iwiHi. of the fun.
Oldest Persons in the World.
LONDON, May 24.— Sir Alfred Mtl
ner. British High Commissioner
In South Africa, has arrived, and
it is announced that King Ed
ward has elevated him to the
peerage.- At tho same time Great Britain
Is going through tho novel experience ot
seeing u colonial governor publicly ex
ploited In connection with a much dis
puted act of ministerial policy. Secretary
Chamberlain spared neither time nor trou
ble In organizing 'a greeting for the High
Commissioner, and so far succeeded as to
Induce tho Cabinet Ministers to take the
most unusual course .of . gplng to Southr
ampton to welcome home the executive.
Chamberlain also ift to give an ostenta
tious luncheon to* Sir, Alfred "Mllner. to
which, however, a number of leading Lib-'
erals have declined Invitations. The visit
has been trumpeted through the ministe
rial organs as a fitting occasion for a
great popular demonstration in support of
the Chamberlain-Milner, war policy, but
public enthusiasm is lacking. . \
Sir Alfred when ho arrived at South-'
ampton to-day was formally welcomed by
the Mayor and corporation. In a brief re
ply tho High Commissioner said he had
been greatly benefited by the voyage. He
said he had come home for rest and not
to make speeches, * ,
When Sir Alfred arrived in London an
unusually distinguished crowd greeted him
upon the platform. The first person to
seize his hand wan Lord. Salisbury, who
formally welcomed him. ' Then, in quick
succession came Chamberlain, Lord Rob
erts, A. J. Balfour, Lord Halsbury, War
Secretary Brodrick,' Lord .Cranborne and
other Cabinet Ministers and a half-hun
dred Dukes and Earls and other personal
friends of lower degree pressed forward
to shake the High Commissioner's; hand.
All remarked how well Sir Alfred^. was
looking. Ho chatted with Lord Salisbury
and Chamberlain and then went out of
the station.' A fair-sized crowd cheered
him heartily. Sir Alfred left the railroad
Rtatlon in a carriage and* went to see the
King.
IN MEMORY OF VICTORIA.
Birthday of the Late Queen Is Duly
Observed.
LONDON, May, 24.— King Edward pre
sented a new colors to the Scots Guards In
the Horse Guards' parade »to-day. Subse
quently his Majesty witnessed tho cere
mony of trooping the colors, so long asso
ciated with the anniversary of the birth of
Queen Victoria. Queen ¦ Alexandra, the
Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the
Duke and Duchess of Fife and the Duke
of Cambridge witnessed the function from
a window overlooking the parade ground,
which was thronged with a fashionable
gathering, including Joseph H. Choate,
the United States Embassador, and Mrs.
Choate; Henry White, the secretary of the
embassy; John R. Carter, the second sec
retary, and Mrs. Carter, and Commander
Richardson Clover, the United States
naval attache, ar.d Mrs. Clover. Tho ap-'
proach of the King, who was surrounded
by a brilliant cavalcade of the royal staff
and foreign military attaches. Including
Major Edward R. Cassatt of the United
States embassy, was signaled by rounds
of cheers, and as tho royal cortege
reached tho saluting point the massed
bands of the guards played tho national
anthem.
Tho King, who wore a uniform of a
colonel of the Scots Guards, inspected tho
line of troops and returned to the saluting
point, where the ceremony of the pre
sentlon of the colors took place. Subse
quently tho Guards marched past and the
ceremony terminated. ¦¦ • •.»•• ; !?•¦
•There was a general observance, of
Queen Victoria's birthday, tho law courts
and Government ofllces were closed, the
Chamberlain Plans Demonstration in Support of War
Policy, W^MlW]^9J^M^^^t^^
* Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE TOWN, May 24.— A great concert
ed moverrient under General Blndon Blood
against the Boers is proceeding in the
Eastern Transvaal. Commandant Vlljoen
has been tf-ying to escape to the north, but
so far without success. The movements
of the various columns under General
Blood have been attended with the usual
sniping by small parties of burghers.. The
only time the Boers made any attempt at
a stand was at a point near Dalmanutna,
where the Carolina commando attempted
to hold offlthe British under Colonel Doug
las while their cattle and wagons were
being driven oft. The British had almost
turned the Boer position when the
burghers retired.
PRETORIA. May 24.— Tho troops of the
cattle rangers' corps which waa organ
ized by Colonel Morgan have returned to
Pretoria from Wolvenhoek. They had a
number of exciting adventures and sev
eral skirmishes with the Boers, but by
excellent scouting they succeeded in get
ting through the Boer lines with 40,000
sheep and 4000 cattle. The Doers lost seven
killed in encounters with this corps.
BLOEMFONTEIN. May 24.— It is report
ed that the Highland Infantry surprised
a Boer laager in the Brandfort district of
Orange River Coloney yesterday. The
Boors, it is said, were routed. They lost
twelve killed and thirteen wounded, while
twelve others were captured.
Concerted Movement Under
General Blood in East
ern Transvaal. ,
BOERS ROUTED
BY THE BRITISH
Republican Forces Still
Fight Most Stub
bornly.
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Following ' Is a statement of the estimated
Row of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inehes. or about
10 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
r'rom J. B. Llpjiincntt, hydro&rapher of the
United States Oeoloeical Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
KINGS RIVER ATKEDilIOU.NTAIN.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT IIERNDON.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Prohibited.
Individual Action to Compel
[ China to Pay, Is to Be
Special Dispatch to The Ca.ll.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. X.
W.* . WASHINGTON, May 24.-An adop
tion seems likely of the British proposal
that a special agreement be made by the
powers prohibiting individual action for
the collection of indemnity or Interest on
bonds or a loan floated, or a seizure of
territory in case of the failure of China
to pay. Germany has indicated a disposi
tion to favor the proposal: the United
States approves, and'Rusaia and France,
by their previous declarations, have
shown that they do not proposo to pursue
any other course.
Tho vital Question before the oowers at
this time is that of indemnity. Consider
able discussion is in progress between the
powers as to how the money shall be
raised. Russia and I*ra nee .favor a loan,
guaranteed, If not by all nations, at least
by some; tho United States and Great
Britain prefer bondH, and Germany." Italy
and Austria have the deciding votes.
WILL NOT WAIT FOB COUBT.
BERLIN. May 24.— The statements in the
London press that Count von Waldersee
has informed the Chinese authorities that
he would not leave Peking until the court
returns and he has an interview with Em
peror Kwang Su are authoritatively"de
nied.- . • I ¦:•'.•*
The officials here say Von Waldersee will
eave Peking. May 21 or a few days later
Tor Japan. It is uncertain whether he will
return by way of ; the United States or
/hi Shanghai.
Germany is trying to charter vessels for
tlie return of her troops, i The first vessels
:an- nail in about a fortnight. The Ger
man contingent remaining In the province
of Pechlll will be less numerous than the
British and French forces.
Powers Will Probably
Accept the British
Proposal.
AN AGREEMENT
ON INDEMNITY
CITY'S BUDGET
IS CONSIDERED
Taxpayers Criticize Dis
position of Munici
., pal Funds.
Mission Clubs Want All the
Unnecessary Salaries
Abolished.
Bay Coast Vranchifla a Law.
Mayor Ph«l»r» Informed the, board that
tlA had Allowed Uih orilinrinm grunting ft.
fnuu'his" to th« M.iy and Coaat Hallway
Company to (inter the elty nt Twenty
fmirth hm'I HllnalN iitreetft to be>cam<* m law
without litri tfltnmtur?. Ha r,1no tmbmittoil
a written flsreement In which th« com
pany bind* JtdPlf to romplyntrletty with
ell the condition* of th« frtsnehtp<* &nd#hft
requirements ' of the ehart&r. <Th«< eem»
puny agree* to finish tti« construction
work of thf> read within two years after
June, 27. 1W0. «
Hchnot Director D«nmnn Appeared on
bohnlf of Hp«wr Htreet property owner*
mid ihn gantn Fe ronrl with n petition
that the thoroughfare be repaired at an
eMtlmated «*o*t of fuftV). Chairman Jen*
tilngM Htnted that $3o,("O had netm.eet n«Mi
for repaying strecttt in the district.
M. Allen wanted Valencia street and
Market street west' oi Van Ness avenui
repaired. J. B. Vizzard.of the Preclta
Valley Improvement Club said. a word for
Army street sewer. Timothy Treay
nHkpii that Htreets south of Market street
be improved and that another park ba
eBtabllahed in that section, which had
b*en neglected in the past, or that Colum
bia aquure be extenut-d. A. Hackett of
the Went of Cnstro Improvement Club
advocated the erection of a school hnuac
in that dlutrlct. M, H. Galvtn opposed tin*
appropriation of funds for any particular
dlHtrlct ati advoeatad by Improvement
Clubs, Ha n«Hert*<t ttiHt U A. R«A In thfl
only member of the rrosTesatvo Improve*
merit Club. s , ,
"This Is a hearing of taxpayers." paid
the Mayor, "for the purpose of consider
ing the budget."
"I differ with you there." said Center.
"I have not Been the budget except what
was published of it in the newspapers. I
would like to havo a printed copy," and
it was so ordered.
"We believe there Is too much money
spent by the Board of Public "Works for
salaries," said Popper, "In comparison
with the work done. We think the funds
of that body should be segregated so that
it could bo ascertained exactly for what
purposes they were spent. 1 lathis board
does not see to It that the amount of sal
aries be limited and the- funds segregated
we will submit the proposition to a vote
of the people for charter amendment. The
Boards of Public Works and Health
should be restricted in their expenditures
as well as those of the County Clerk. The
Health Board has now more employes on
its roll . than ever before. TVe object to
doctors acting as sanitary inspectors and
keeping their private office hours."
Popper began to read a list of doctors
In the employ of the Health Board who
tend to private cases, when the Mayor In
terrupted by saying: ' '
"I thought you said attorneys?"
"We have not got that far,'* said Pop
per, "but I've no doubt that we can flud
some of them in the same category."
'We should not pay for the mainten
ance of feeble-minded children," con
tinued Popper, "nor should we contribute
to the support of the Magdalen Asylum."
Brandenstein suggested that Popper be
given an opportunity to familiarize him
self with the proposed budget and make
suggestions at a later date. Curtis aske<l
Popper to furnish a statement showing
the employes in the various departments
whom he deemed unnecessary.
Secretary Emery of the Board of Health
made a defense of his department. He
declared that figures of expenditures hi
other cities used for comparison with this
city were unreliable and did not state the
conditions as they existed.
George Center held that the budget wn*
not before the board, as ho had not
seen it.
Too Much Money for Salaries.
"Did I come here to be lectured?"
i "You are here as a long-suffering citi
zen," facetiously replied the Mayor.
Max Popper of the Mission Federated
Clubs was called upon ' to express his
views. He had not proceeded far when
Supervisor Hotallng scored Win for hav
ing signed the communication of the
clubs criticizing the Mayor and Supervis
ors for alleged Improper expenditures put
of the urgent necessity fund during th«
year' 130-1901. Popper had. said that so
many requests had been made for th«
needs of different districts that he had no
desire to prolong the agony. •
"I would suggest," said Hotalirig, "that
if Mr. Popper's criticism is gauged by his
strictures on this board in regard to th«
urgent necessity fund, that he do not pro
long the agony and sit down."
Popper contended that the board van
spending moneys for urgent necessities
which were not no ' regarded by his im
provement club. He objected to spending
$2)4 for the Supervisors' hand books and
$400 for buggies for the Assessor out of
the urgent necessity, fund. He suggested
that a miscellaneous fund be created for
minor expenditures, and Brandenstein •
agreed with him. Braunhart disagreed
with the latter and contended that th«»
Supervisors were - competent to - judge of
the necessity of expenditures. Braunhart
waxed eloquent, which caused Popper to
remark:
The Board of Supervisors met last night
to resume consideration ot the next tax
budget as recommended by the Finance
Committee, and to hear suggestions of
citizens and taxpayers thereon. The meet
ing: was principally devoted to a discus
sion of what constitutes "urgent neces
sity" In the city's expenditures, which
has called forth criticism from an im
provement club. The Board of Public
¦Works came In for Its usual share of crit
icism for spending much money with lit
tle results. , •;.*
HIGH COMMISSIONER MILNER
RETURNS FROM SOUTH AFRICA
5
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAEL, SATURDAY, MAY 25; ?' 1901. -
DATK.
Second Feet. . .
M'ngr Co. Total
, 1900. 1901. Canal. 1901.
May 21
Vtay 13
Vlay 14..:.....
Vlay 13
May 16
May 17.. .*.....
May 13........
6439 11,560
5494 13,620
£494 13.160
6111 12,840
6439 12.840
8704 12.620
9314 12.200
'¦ 1'-
, 7 .
7
7
7
7
7
11,567
12.627
13.167
13,847
12,847
12.627
12,207
Second Feet.
DATE.
I
1900. I 1901.
rtay II
4ay 13
Hay 14
tfay 35
Hay 1G
Hay 17
Hay 18
3760 14.200
8600 13.300
3600 13.000
4680 13,600
6260 14.200
8200 15,700
8800 18.000
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900. 1501.
Vlay 12
Hay 13 .;
May 14.
Jay 15
Hay 16
>tay 17
day 18 '. ....../.
B405 15,110
4175 15.1138
3445 15.803
3275 15.38(1
43SO 16.214
7618 17.042
7618 17.870
I DATE.
¦.'.>"' MOO. 1J01.
Way 12 . '...:.. 12,600 . 10.700
Hay 13 lt.300 10,400
Any 14 10.1CO 10.400
Hay 13.; 9,800 10.100
Hay 1C 9.20O 10,100
Way 17...., 9,200 10,100
Hay 18..... ; 8,313 9,800
, DATE.
DATK.
Second Feet. . .
M'ngr Co. Total
, 1900. 1901. Canal. 1901.
May 21
Vtay 13
Vlay 14..:.....
Vlay 13
May 16
May 17.. .*.....
May 13........
6439 11,560
5494 13,620
£494 13.160
6111 12,840
6439 12.840
8704 12.620
9314 12.200
'¦ 1'-
, 7 .
7
7
7
7
7
11,567
12.627
13.167
13,847
12,847
12.627
12,207
Second Feet.
DATE.
I
1900. I 1901.
rtay II
4ay 13
Hay 14
tfay 35
Hay 1G
Hay 17
Hay 18
3760 14.200
8600 13.300
3600 13.000
4680 13,600
6260 14.200
8200 15,700
8800 18.000
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900. 1501.
Vlay 12
Hay 13 .;
May 14.
Jay 15
Hay 16
>tay 17
day 18 '. ....../.
B405 15,110
4175 15.1138
3445 15.803
3275 15.38(1
43SO 16.214
7618 17.042
7618 17.870
I DATE.
¦.'.>"' MOO. 1J01.
Way 12 . '...:.. 12,600 . 10.700
Hay 13 lt.300 10,400
Any 14 10.1CO 10.400
Hay 13.; 9,800 10.100
Hay 1C 9.20O 10,100
Way 17...., 9,200 10,100
Hay 18..... ; 8,313 9,800
, DATE.
A DUCKEYE HOLLOW INHERITANCE.
EY DBET HART&
Mr. Mark's Latest and One ot His Strongest Stories. ,
A Vivid Tal: ot Mlnlnj Camp Lite In the Far West
'Oc»Of'Ofi>«OBQOOOOOOOOOO(3OO6OOG©O&bO6O(JO6G6&e68eo6©OeOO©06
5&6oeo6oe©oft966seQ^&(36co6Ge&o i &o6eoe9 6oeG66soee&eoeeeeeG6
59&O6OO9OO6QO&G6OOQ6'iOGa&GQGr>GGO6OG&8O6OGG66G06O6G©O6e&';
j t ¦ 'j z ¦ f) n D n " o o n r, n o o O o n r: o o e »^^mm dOGO0G66GGG6GG@6OGGOGO6
3 *5 c -o o 0 6 o o C C 1 r. o o o o O o o o o o o . 0 G O G G 0 0 G 0 G 0 6 G GG G 0 © 0 0 0 G fe
0&6G0600GGG6GOOOGOOOOOO
& 0.0 OOOGOGOOCOOOOOGOGOOO 06006660008000660066606
300CG0060GOOOOO0OGO60O0 C^ ' OO.GOOOG^GOGGOOGGGGGGOGG
j o o o o o oo o o o o o o o oo o o o o o o oo oooo oo o o 060 ooo o oo o ooe
D O O O O O O O O O O O O OG O O O O O O O O O O O O 0 O O O O O O O O G 0 0 O 0 O O O O C
ooooooooooooooooooooooo oGooooooooooooobooooooo
3CC0000COO0O0O w^^i^^^^™™ MMMaaMMMBM OOOOOOOOOOOOOC
30000000000000 OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
3000000000000 0 m ¦wr- mmr w S"^t OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo l^fek I W I m oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO I I M I m • OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
30000000000000 I Y|J H 1 HL j OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo • 1 'fl^. J x!he>y oocooooooooooo
OOOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
j THE O 1VT A THE
RICHEST \^4 Y\ J[\ STORY
G.A.R-POST v _^ v OF THIS
m }{ fl I WINTER'S
AMERICA. JLJ^ Lrf WRECKS.
p ¦ H v 'A'. -""W oooooooooooooo
ocoooooooooooo, R fa E oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO || • / it H OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00 000000000000 BJ /^ik. H OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oocooooooooooo ML JL ; JOk. rm tgff oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo oopooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooL^.^^. __ __
OOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOO 7K J OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO / OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooooooooo ¦ ooooooooooooooooeoooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO W OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOCPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO JgL OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooeooooo]t« - _ - »J ooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOO
0 O« O OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 000000000000000000000000
STORY OF AN EXILED THE HOW ROYALTY
COUNT VHO RETURNS : - VEILED PROPHET " TRAVELS 11^ EUKOPE.
TO HIS INHERITANCE O p Illustrated by
' ' Photos of the Royal Train
... CHRISTIAN SCIENCE *
H0V TO BUILD AC ALT'. ¦ ¦ - ¦ .
FORNIA CAMP . Vith Ulustratlons WHAT ONE CAN DO
! WAGON. of the "Mother^ Church. WITH A CHARNG DISH
ocoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
Rl^fll-HcaJth for Housewives i
MMHlf M^tJ^\ • om taking the third bottle of Wine of Cardui and it hu done me lots of good. At 1^|
¦IP^/1(1W El timM ' cm^ not stand on m y feet> m y " mbs am * fttt WCrC *° badI^ * wo "« n *"d black. JKB
hH Hfl/rV -^ltm \i K I had to sit on a chair and put my feet on another and set the dijh pan in my lap to wash KsSf
@ miWl mS l\ 9 dishes: My husband got me a bottle of Wine or Cardui and it did me much good. I do Wgk
vi BfJI P^ ll» >m IB not have to sit down to work now. It helped me in many oth«r ways also. I can
BBH01 1 ! UUV^ housewife needs ru^ed health and great physical endurance to meet ||m
¦m/3vllMWi H the demands made upon her. But there are women in nearly every home B&j
WSn/)^Jj mvS^vfi who$e montw y Periods make them virtual invalidi. And we want to tell them jgf
t° m &*y * ne y nec^ no * c 'nv 3 '^* Mrs. Perry was freed from all this suffering. ¦ wL
K^/^rv^al'/ H healthy wife is a blessing to the home in which she is found. She singj 18|
¦•'¦•^¦'/^>^fflp\\fl about her house work and can do four times as much as her sick sisters. |||
j^ m^ m m^SM^^Km^^ ve5 rt0 * ners an^ daughters robust health. This pure Wme regulates mensiru-
JJ^ miMM*' . ation, allowing that health-preserving natural function to throw the impurities JBj
from the system. • Falling of the womb is a terrible strain, on the nerves. Wine of Cardui eases the m
MB ' tension, by restoring the organ to a strong and healthy condition. Leucorrhoca, an inflammation of the Sgl
¦M lining of the womb, is a terrible ailment. Every woman knows the shooting pains, the dull aches in the ||
H head and back, which mean disorder in the delicate and sensitive female organs. Thousands of women Mja
MS after suffering them have taken Wine of Cardui and secured permanent relief. What valid excuse for putting Hi
BJ| off this simple treatment another day! Time complicates the trouble — Wine of Cardui will cure it NOW. OTa
Bm For advice and literature, address, Rlvinjr symptoms: "The Ladles' Adrisory El
KM .. . ' ' Department," The Chattanooga Medlcxae Company,' Chattanooga, Tenn.'.•Mrs. Pptter Palmer, has declined with thanks an
appointment to act as a volunteer garbage inspector
in her ward in Chicago •, on the ground that she has
arranged for certain, social functions. for the summer
at .Newport;, and so Chicago loses the joy of having
a society' leader for a garbage woman, while Newport
has the satisfaction of having a garbage inspector for
a social leader.
Europe owes us a large \amount of money on the
balance of trade, but from the number of Americans
who are rushing across the Atlantic for a good time
this summer it looks as if most of it would be burned
before winter.. - - . -_ . ' .
j 'Among the many reasons which have been given
to explain the gladness that will attend President Mc-
Kinley's return to" his* 'Washington .home;- is one
somewhat overlooked ' in .the general ; congratulation
of the Presidential; party. • McKinley /will' be I for a
¦ time, at least scot-f rce. UK : 'V ¦ ., * • li .V--f . '
'"Lipton is to repair SHamrock II and; bring her
over to make. the' race notwithstanding; the/bad' luck
that 'has" attended her ;' ; and while the. affair promises'
to be a walkover; for, us it ¦will'not do to be' too sure
of it/ for; in this world it 'sometimes -happens that pluck
wins. in --spite >of luck. . ¦ : v ¦ v • >'-, "*..
; Several oil companies, in Texas* have offered "a
limited number -of full-paid ' non-assessable ' shares at
25 cents f'^ach',"^ and "one.'nas 1 -gone!^so^faf^as'to offer
stock at 6 cents ' a ' share), .That cd'nies .very.' near raking
the ' State financially with ' a" fine' tooth '¦ c'ombl •- -,' ?. '£PZ ;y
, •Persons who - have . missed the . name of Roosevelt
in tKe'iiews of the day recently may probably be satis
fied by f the explanation' of the Springfield Republican
that "he. has been swallowed up in the amplitudinous
quietude'of the. Vice Presidency." ; The fate '.seems to'
be a sad one, but asVTe'ddy is vigorous he may. yet
emerge." < \ ' , • ' .¦¦¦-'•'.'' ,-
THE Seattle Times* finds itself enraged by The
Call's use of the term "Altbryangeldism" to de
scribe that queer political mixture which has
been on tap in this country since 1896. Our critic de
clares that it is unAmerican to indulge in such criti
cism of the minority party, and asks if it is wise or
prudent to do so "in a republic like ours, where the
safety of the nation and the liberties of the^pebple
depend upon a very equal division of the people into
political parties."
The republic and the liberties of the people seem
to have stood that sort of thing very well so far, and
we are unable to comprehend how they are endan
gered by criticizing a minority and not by serving a
majority party the scmc^way. 'The Times seasons,
adorns and illustrates its lecture on propriety by call
ing Republicanism "Hannaism" and declaring that "it
has uniformly stood for oppression, while Bryanism
and* Altgeldism have always stood for greater liberty
and greater benefits to the common people, and as
between the two every honest man will choose Bryan
ism. even with all the sneers and leers which such
publications as The Call may choose to make."
Now that is good. Twice the whole people have
had the chance to choose between the two, and ac
cording to this Seattle oracle all the honest ones have
chosen Bryanism. Then a vast majority of our people
are not honest. .
The Times should go and study logic for a few
years, and then take such a turn in physics as to learn
not to sit on a limb and saw the same off between
itself and the tree. \
We believe in freedom of criticism and that the
same rule applies to minority and majority parties and
is equally American. The people are the final judges;
They sift the wheaffrom the chaff, the true from the
false, as they did in 1896 and • 1000. We deny the
Times' position that only dishonest men voted against
Bryan. To admit is to disclose the. most horrible
situation that can be conceived for a republic. We
do not deny that the supporters of Mr. Bryan hon
estly believed that they were doing right, but we
think, as do a large majority of our countrymen, that
they were wrong. .;
No doubt Mr. Bryan is a. model of .the domestic
and civic virtues, but he can be that and at the same
time be the most fantastic freak that has ever cavorted
and kicked high in American politics. His principles
_re certainly not Democratic, when measured by the
teachings of Jefferson or passed upon by the best
living experts on the subject of Democracy. If the
country Ms deprived of the benefits of two political
parties, nearly equally divided, no one but Mr. Bryan
is to blame.' He has alienated the common s^nse of
the country from fhe party he has created and led,
and an equal 'division is not possible, till he gets out
of the way.
PARTISAN CONSISTENCY.
ANSWERS TCT COBBJ-SPONDENTS.
DIMES— T. H. F.. Watsonville. Cal.
Dealers do not offer a premium for dimes
of 1836. " ' .. "
SOLDIER'S PENSION— T. F., Los An
geles, CaL A pension check issued to a
soldier entitled to receive the same is not
subject to attachment for. debt." '.; "^
DIXON AND SMITH— George Dlxoh
and Solly Smith had "a meet" in Wood
ward's Pavilion October • 4. 1897, when
Smith was declared the victor in twenty
rounds. '
PLAY THE FOOL-J. T. H., Vallejo.
Cal. "Let me play the- fool, with mirth
and laughter, etc.," Is to be found In the
"Merchant of Venice," act I, scene I.
words spoken by Gratiano. , •
MAHOGANY TREE— Enq., Oakland.
Cal. The mahogany tree is a native of
the West Indies and of South America.
It grows to a height of from -80 to 100
feet and its growth is very slow.
GUNS—A. P. de B., Alaraeda, Cal. The
bore of the largest guns in the royal Brit
ish navy ia twelve inches. The largest in
the United States navy is fifteen inches.
No nation has any guns In its navy of
larger bore. ¦
. HEADWATER'S BEST TIME— M. C.
Baden, Cal. The best time made by Head* .
water prior to May 10 was that made
within the' ten days before that date.
Consult the racing charts in The Call vt
that period.
HUMMINGBIRDS— S., Parkfleld, Cal.
F. A. Lucas in an exhaustive article on
hummingbirds written In 1S97 has the* fol
lowing: "The family of hummingbirds is
exclusively American, and its range ex
tends from Patagonia to British Amer
ica." ¦¦;? ;,- • . , ,/v; ,
STATUTE OF LIMITATION-Inquirer,
Punta Arena, Cal. t A mortgage, like a
promissory note, is an obligation in writ
ing. In California If executed in the
State It runs four years from the time of
maturity, if executed outside of the State
two years. . , ._• -.%•- ' ' -'•
ROCHESTER INSTITUTION— SubscrU
ber, Santa Rosa, Cal. To ascertain if
such an institution as you ask about Is
in operation in Rochester, N. Y., address
a communication to the Chief of Police of
that city, enclosing a self-addressed and
stamped envelope for reply.
.POSITION ON A. STEAMER— M/W.-S.',"
City; An individual desiring to secure a
position on a steamer plying between San
Francisco and foreign ports should file his
application at the office of any company
running such steamers, stating what posi-'
tlon he would like to fill.
TAKING UP LAND— F. B., Ravenna.
Cal. The taking- up of government land
for homestead 13 vested in the head of the
family and the husband Is recognized as
the head of the family. If the wife Is
deserted or abandoned by the husband
she Is recognized as the head of the fam
ily and she can take up land. .-..
RAILKOADSPEED-E. J. B.. City.
The fastest railroad (long distance) in
England is the Caledonian, speed 60. *l
miles per hour. The fastest long distance
road in the United States la said to ba
the New Tork Central and Hudson River
Railroad.' speed from 60 to 63 miles per
hour. That road ha3 a record of 72.60.
MILLIONAIRE— Subscriber. City. In
different countries the qualifications
for millionaires differ. In the .United
States it takes $1,000,000 to entitle the pos
sessor of .such an amount to be classed
as a millionaire; In Great Britain he must
possess one million pounds sterling or
$5,000,000, and In Germany the quallflqa
tlon. is 1,009,000 - marks or $_50,000. ; »
GAME LAWS— H. M., City. The close
season. In California /for deer is between
the 1st of October of any year and the 1st
of August of the following year; for duck,
quail, partridge, • grouse or sage' hen, or
any rail, curlew, ibis or. plover, it is be
tween the 1st day of February and the 1st
day of October of , any year. The game
laws of this State have no mention of
geese as protected birds. . r^'-.»: 3,
UNITED STATES' CENTS— R., Santa
Cruz, Cal. The first copper cents coined
by the United States were those, of 1793.
Prior to that date cents stamped with .va
rious designs v/ere,issued;by the States.
There were the Vermont cent of I7S6, the
Connecticut cent of 1785, the Massachu
setts cent of 1786 and the New Jersey cent,
of 1786. There were also about two dozen
colonial cents. £• \ - : ¦ .
MAN WITH THE IRON MASK— 1)1*
City. "The Man with the Iron Mask." , was
a' mysterious prisoner In France'.weari.ng
a mask and closely confined under M. de
St. Mars at Pignerol, 1679; St. Marguerite, 1
16S7, and at the Bastlle, 1638, where he died
November 19, 1703. He was of noble meln
and was treated with profound respect,
but his keepers had orders to -dispatch
him if he uncovered M. de St. Mars him
self always placed, the dishes on his table
and stood in his presence. For additional
Information in relation to thi3 prisoner sea
Temple Bar, May, 1S72. ..-
Choice candies, Townsend'3,' Palace Hotels
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at ToWsend's.*
1 - . ¦ » » . ¦ • . C
Townsehd's California glace fruits^ 50c a
pound,- in fire-etched ¦ boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses; specs. 10 to 40c Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery.*'
¦ • • — - - . - <¦ ,-'
PRESIDENTIAL RECEPTIONS AND
PARADES. All in the Wasp's sixty-page
Presidential souvenir? On sale every
where: 25 cents. s ... . •-•<-
.... > . . .»¦?« ; — : —
Special information supplied dally tp
business houses and nubile men -by the
PreS3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. ¦ Telephone Main 10__^ - •)
„ There is a Chinese' farm in*. Florida
where the Johns have gone somewhat ex
tensively into the "small truck", business
shipping their product to New York. They
nave made a. success of it. -. > .
' ..",-: • ¦¦"¦
Do Your Peet Ache
And burn." and make you tired all over? Allen" s
Foot-Ease niakes thershoea comfortable, rests
and cools the feet and makes wanting easy.. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. • Sample sent
FREE. Address Allen S. Qlmsted. : . Le Roy. JJ.Y.
SalUngr under false colors are all cheap and
foiponous domestic . substitutes of. Dr. Siegerfs
Angostura Bitters, great South American tonic
' ¦ ,' •— ¦ » ? ¦ „ i- ,.\.,v'.
";Ne_lect your hair and you ' lose v It.' Parker's
Hair. Balsam renews the growth and color. '"
'.j t^he best cure for corns.* ' U oUL
SATURDAY. .v. . '/. s ....... .MA Y 25, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
* '"r^^^^T^S^ComaMieltitMtjWrs. LEASE. Xiatgtr.
i'LUJLlCATIOX OFFICE. . . Market and TUIrd. S. K.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone- Prera 202.
Dell ver*a *•» O»iT*«r r "' *° Ceritii'Per .TTeefc
Slairle Coplen. 5 Onto. !
Term* br Mall.- Including Postages
-»jtTLT CAIJi «neIn«Jnr l?nn(l«7>. <m» ye*r......J. '.;l.t*..M'
JIAILT CAtb flncTodinjr PnndaT). * months.................. 3.04
DAILY CALL, (iadndisr fiunday). X months.......; 1.50
DAILY CAUL— By Single Month <fe
WEEKLT CALL. On« Tear ........ 4....-....U. 1.0«
All poitmatteni are Mnthorlsed to receive
f subscriptions. ¦ ' j ¦-. -¦
f ejsple eoples will be forwarded when requested. *
W«ll «n»mcrn»r» In <«rfl»rtnr »"haar» > of *Mr*" «hmi1<1 >«*
fiartletdar to cir* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESfl In order
to Itusure m. prompt and correct compliance with request.
O AKLJLSH OFFICE .'. .1118 Broadway
C. GEOHCE KROC\R<!<I.
Ku&gtr rtniga AdTtrtlilag, tfarqutte Bcildlag, Cblrap. -
: * <Lccc Dletaace Telephoo* "Central 2tU.")
KEW TORB: REPRESENTATrVB:
C C CAJttLTOW Herald Square
__________ r
ITtW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITCPHES B. SMITH. .30 Tribune Bnlldlnar
k_tw tork :;ews stanus:
Walflorf-Aetorla Hotel; A. Brent-no* a __ton Square:
Mcrrty H1U EoUL : ;' . f
CHICAGO XKWS , STANDSi
Rxeman House: P. O. Sm Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hccse; AuOltorlnm Hotel.
.WASHIWGTOJT (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 a St.. V. XT.
MORTOI7 E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
retll l:J0 o'clock. 100 Hhjm, open until 8:30 o'clock. CSS
McAIlUter. open until 1:30 o'clock. fl5 Larkln. open until
¦ :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock, tin Market.
ocrner E!xte«nth. open until I o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
vrtll t o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty* second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
IIOO Flllmore. open until 9 p. n_
f-> UCH State elections as will be held this fall will
not be of much interest to the nation as a
S^ whole, but in the. commonwealths where' they
are to occur the political pot is already beginning to
boil, and in two of them, Virginia and Ohio, it is
probable the contests will be quite vigorous.
It has' been hitherto deemed fairly certain that in
Ohio the Republicans would renominate Governor
Nash, but recently there have appeared evidences of
a considerable opposition to him. It is quite likely
of course that when the convention meets the oppo
sition will prove to have been more noisy than strong,
but none -the less- it i* making a pretense at least of
getting up an. earnest fight against him. In one re
spect the Governor is fortunate in having such an
opposition, for according to the reports that come to
us the main argument used against him is that he
has made himself unpopular by stopping the Cin
cinnati prize-fight. It is safe to say that"any votes
he may lose among the sporting Element on that ac
count will be more than compensated by those of
good citizens who respect him for the action.
- The Democrats of Ohio are approaching the con
test with the usual number of faction fights by way of
preliminaries. There are some among them who wish
John R. McLean to run again and open another bar
rel. Others. would like Tom L. Johnson to make the
race. Johnson, however, seems determined to. re
main out of it himself and to be doing his best to
keep McLean out also- He has declared in favor of
nominating John J. Lentz, formerly a Congressman
of some notoriety. Lentz is known as an ultra
partisan and cannot be expected to win over any Re
publican voters, so it would seem that Johnson is
willing to have a Democratic defeat this fall rather
than have a victory that might bring into public view
an Ohio Democrat to compete with him for the sup L
port of the party as a candidate for the Presidency. •
In Iowa as soon as the Republicans have nominated
their candidate all will be over but the shouting. The
interest in the situation there is. due to the relations
of Minister Conger to the nomination for Governor.
It seems tobe conceded'he can'have it if he wishes,
but rfs yet he appears undecided" whether to return to
China or to stay at home and bel Governor.
From Virginia- c6me reports th'at riot since* the-* days;
of Mahone has there'been sucrra "contest for the Gov
ernorship as that now going* on? between Attorney
General Montague and Congressman Swanson. It
is said Swanson represents thg* machine -and Mon
tague is making a whirlwind .^canyass J 'Of the Statp
for the purpose of rousing the. young .pemocrac^
against the 'bosses. " In his speeches he has* bitterly
denounced the administration oj party (affairs irf~th£
State and is meeting with enthusiastic '-Teceptiori's'
wherever he goes. - t ;'•,:.-'* ¦*¦¦ X- ¦}?¦*;? J' 1' ¦¦'. :'
Maryland is to elect two State officers, and the an
nouncement that Gorman would take personal charge
of the campaign has given something' of national in
terest to the election. New.Jersey is to electfa Gov
ernor, and Massachusetts and . Pennsylvania ".are to
elect State officers, but in. neither is' there any< doubt
about the. result or any considerable campaigning
being done. * . ' "•
Perhaps the most interesting -contest oT'the year
will be that in New' York City, where Hill has or
ganized a Democratic fight against >Tamm'any, and
where tW citizens of all parties •seem 'determined at
.last" to elect an; honest -'. munioipal administration.
That election, moreover, is likely to be the most im
portant as well as the most interesting, for whatever
concerns Tammany Hall concerns nationalas welLas
local politics, and consequently the whole; cquntry
may.be affected by the result of the vote in the city.
The railroad men are oil course making every ef
fort'tp handle the business and to, be. ready for future
expansion. The American . Economist notes that
within a space of two weeks orders were given by va
rious roads for upward .of 2000 freightcars. , Of course
passenger-cars • and locomotives > will < be ¦ . ordered ' in 1
proportion.; It will be seen. that the prosperity of the
.country ;is">making the railroad, men' work hard to
keep up^with the -procession. What would' " be ; the
condition\of 'the' country. if at this time our railroads
were under Government control and we had* to wait
for^Congress to meet and make an appropriation be
fore 'orders could be given for new cars ! and new
'locomotives?./ > . .• . r f ¦ .
A recent -dispatch from Philadelphia said: ".With
orders enough ahead to ' keep five hundred hands
busily erilployedlof months, the blanket mills of Wil
liam & James Stafford in Manayunk have shut down,
to remain closed for two weeks. This unusual con
dition is due to the fact, it is stated, that all the stor
age room' the company has at its command is choked
with manufactured goods, : andi it is unable to, ; get
transportation facilities to carry the products away.
Haifa thousand wage-earners "are thus thrown out of
work when, under ordinary conditions, they might
be actively arid uninterruptedly engaged. Both.the
Pennsylvania and Reading railroads are accessible
to the Stafford mills, and both corporations have
been appealed to, but owing to. the generally prosper
ous .state of business in* the Manayunk manufactories
the roads are having the greatest difficulty intrying to
tak"e care of the business offered theni."
While the validity of the argument -may be • dis
puted, it is undeniable "that -at* present the tremen
dous expansion of-Arherican energy in traffic and
travel has surpassed the preparations made for
handling it by, evert the most enterprising roads. It
will be remembered that .'some.. difficulty was expe
rienced in this State in obtaining cars to handle the
citrus fruit <*rop, and the situation seems to be far
worse in the East.
RECENTLY in. a discussion of the question. /of
rates of fare offered by railway companies to
the Pan-American Exposition some authorities
on railroad matters argued, that if rates, were; fixed; at
what-^are known as popular^prices the^movement of
passenger travel would be larger than the roads. can'
handle. One of them said railroad officials "should
remember that all' who?; travel are- riot attracted -by
cheap excursions, and that those who do not want to
go to the fair have. a right to. demand that their regu
lar service shall not be disturbed." '.• v I
ELECTIONS OF THE YEAR.
IT is expected that Mrs. McKmley's' gratifying ' improvement and rapid convalescence
: will permit the President's party to leave for Washington to-day." The gratification
felt by: the people at this close of ;the President's visit originates entirely in happiness
' ; .;.;<i; at the recovery of $Irs. McKinley. Californians have 'not^ tired of, his sojourn and
would willingly see V it extended, if under conditions agreeable to him and his.
While his tour \tas necessarily, shortened by the unforeseen circumstance 'of his
wife's illness, it has been beneficial to the West and \ to/Western interests. He and his
Cabinet have received new impressions of the vastness of the country and the rapid multi
plication of its very varied interest's. They have, traversed the expanse of country that /has.
always been spread out under the skies, and have been impressed by the use, and develop
ment of its resources by the touch of man's hand and his energy arid enterprise. East of
the Mississippi is a . great country wrought upon by a dense population. But .this side of
that river lies a vaster domain and of more varied natural resources wKich invites and will
sustain an equally. dense and a far. more enterprising population. . . ¦ -j
_; ;, 'Heretofore this larger part of our share of the continent has been somewhat neg
lected : by the Government. But this condition will be mitigated by such tours as the
President has undertaken. It was purely unselfish on his part. He is not loqking ; to a
further renewal of the honors worthily bestowed by his" countrymen, and has no projected
interest as a candidate in the future- His purpose was purely public and economic, 'and
related to the interests of the people! Of. our people he;has; been able r to form a most
favorable judgment. They have all been his neighbors and his friends, sharing j with? him
the days of anxiety to which he was providentially subjectra^a^^g^^^^ffin^^sc)
the pleasure and happiness of the passing of the cloud which was for a time upon him;
'^His influence in national affairs has always been on the side of development of the
whole country/symmetrically and 'harmoniously. *• ' /¦ •
He can certainly point to the triumphant working out of- his economic ideas in the
prosperity of all the people, and we may depend' upon him to urge the application of his
policies to the further, more rapid and, needed development of the West.. }S:
Especially do our Pacific seaports need public attention. This coast wants mare
and better harbor lights, buoys and signals. . We need more lightships. If wireless ter
legraphy justify the expectations it has raised, we want a wireless telegraph station on the
Farallones, and on certain islands of the Aleutian archipelago, in the interest of naviga
tion and for the use of the weather service. We need attention to .the interests of. navi- 1
gation on this coast equal to that on the Atlantic. The weather/service now enjoys tele
graphic facilities in the West Indies.. The great storms born' there are now; notifiedto the
whole Atlantic coast, so that immense saving results from the cautioning of sea. com
merce, and its warning of the coming storm. ' Hatteras is s'hprn of much of its terrors and
the losses of commerce are minimized. -^
If the country is to be' great its greatness. must extend to all its borders. If it is to
be permanently prosperous that prosperity, must be general and not partial or sectional.
These ends are brought within easier reach by the tour^of the president, and the
people will reasonably expect economic results of the greatest •value'Vo them. . ;
California speeds the parting guest with a genuine effusior/of feeling. Our hospi
tality is unspent and we would gladly express it in more .emphatic terms' should occasion
require. V ,
Our thoughts will be with the President and his wife- on their homeward journey.
May its every mile be pleasant, and their return to more familiar scenes only serve to em
phasize the pleasure of their experiences in the midst of us/ .- • : . ' •;
DEMANDS FOR TRANSPORTATION.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Josse D. Carr of, Salinas is at the- Pal
ace.
K. Casher, a Vallejo merchant. Is at the
Lick." . •
C. H. Riege, a stationer of Fresno, Is at
the Lick.
L. W. .Shinn, a mining man of Angels,
is at the Lick.
Charles P. Braslan, a seed merchant of
San Jose, is at the Palace.
. E. W. Oaks, an extensive fruit raiser of
Riverside, is at the Palace.
W. L. Valentine, a railroad man of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
W. H. Lee. a well-known book publisher
of Chicago, registered at the Palace yes
terday.
C. H. Phillips, a capitalist and well
known real estate dealer of San Jose, is
at the Palace.
A. Musto, who conducts a general mer
chandise business at Stockton, is a gueat
at the Grand. _• .
Judge H. G. Pond, who Is one of the
largest prune growers of tire State, Is up
from Santa Clara and Is registered at the
Palace. .- " ¦ . *
Congressman Charles F. Joy of St.
Louis, Mo., is at the Palace: He is a
brother of Edwin W. Joy, the druggist, of
this city. \ .¦¦'.' -/' ' ? -
Mrs. A. R-Chaff.ee, the wife of General
Chaffee, accompanied by her daughter,
arrived here from New York and is at the
Occidental.. V ,'¦ .,
,' When it was founded,. a hundred years
ago,. the Library of Congress was created
merely as a. convenient to the members
of Congress, andjt. still retains the title
which was then given to it, although. its
functions have broadened." It is now a
library of general scope; It is in a building
distinct from the Capitol; it is performing
a .service; to^the 'executive ¦departments
and to -the public .'at "large, and if main
tains _the Copyright Office, which is '• as'
distinctively administrative in - its func
tibhs as is" the - Patent Office.' BuV consti
tutionally, the i library is not classed with
the' executive departments of the Govern
ment. The Librarian is, to be sure, desig
nated by .the President of the United
States; but the Librarian administers the
library under the | direct supervision of
Congress; he appoints his subordinates
under rules prescribed by Congress; he
applies directly to Congress for the appro
priations for the maintenance of the li
brary, and he renders his* annual report
direct to Congress. There is not in the
case of the library, asHhere i3 in the case
of the ; various scientific bureaus of Wash
ington, a higher executive intervening be
tween it and the legislative authority.
Founding of the Great Library.
The Library of Congress was created by
act of Congress In the year 1800. The cen
tennial of Washington as the Capital City
is also,' therefore, the centonnlal -of the
library. But in 18U the existing collection
(some 3000 volumes) was entirely destroyed
by the fire which the British troops start
ed in the Capitol. The private library of
ox-President Jefferson (6700 volumes) was
soon after purchased by Congress, and
formed the basis for a. now growth. This
continued until 1851, when a second fire,
this time accidental, destroyed all but 20,
000 of the 55,000 then existing volumes.
Since that .catastrophe, however, the
growth has been uninterrupted and has
had special impetus from several sources.
Seventy-five thousand dollars was appro
priated to repair immediate losses, and
later, two great .special purchases were
made, one of the collection of- Peter Force
and the other of the munuscrlpts of • the
Marquis do Rochambeau. In 1866 the
books in possession of the Smithsonian
Institution, (amounting to 40,000 volumes,
were transferred to the library, with an
agreement that future accessions through
exchange should follow. In 1870'the copy
right work was transferred to the library
and with it the. two copies of publications
required to be filed to perfect the entry
for copyright, • ; , • ' ¦¦.-.-.
These events, however, tended chiefly to
the enlargement of the collection. It had
been founded as a library for the use of
Congress. Its scope was now broadened
from one limited to the requirements of a
legislative -body to one whose limits were
but . the limits of recorded knowledge.
Otherwise, however, the ninety-seven
years from the creation to the opening of
the new building in 1897 had produced no
organic change. There was a: great ac
cumulation of matrlal,.lmt it was as yet
undifferentlated. - -The staff increased
from one person to forty-two persons, but
it also was undifferentiated.
Reorganizing the .Vast Collections.
I The new building implied-a, purpose *f or
the -library .'far: widen than -that of j its
founding. The building was not a mere
wing of the Capitol, it was set apart dis
tinct. It was designed and completed as
the ' largest, most commodious library
building in the world; also the most dec
orative and the most costly. It was ca
pable of a broad and a highly differenti
ated service which had not been possible
in the crowded room and with the over
burdened administration at the Capitol.
Since 1897 the library has been-undergo
ing a reorganization with reference to this
broader- and more highly specialized serv
ice.- The material itself, which had been
accumulating; In mass, has been set apart,
siftfd and summarily classified; the print
ed books and namphlets now form one di
vision, the. documents another,- the manu
scrips another, the maps and charts an
other, the music another, the, Smithsonian
deposit another, the prints still' another."
There is now a distinct group of employes
¦with a responsible chief for each one of
these divisions. • There is also a distinct
group dfivoting itself exclusively -to the
business involved in the acquisition of
material, whether by purchase, gift or
exchange; another group Is attending ex
clusively to its receipt; another group is
occupied exclusively with the classifica
tion of thi3 material and Its preparation
for use in the way of catalogues and
other aids. The direct service to the
reader, besides having attention in each
one* of these several i divisions handling
the special material (documents, manu
scripts, maps, music and prints) has its
general and liberal provision, in the main
reading room, in the reading room for the
current periodicals and in the reading
room for the blind, and a specialized serv-'
ice from a distinctive group of workers
who are prepared . to aid in . inquiries In
volving elaborate research. . • '
Large Force Now Employed.
Auxiliary to . all the a*bove is a fully
equipped bindery for the repair. and bind
ing of the library • books - and a printing
office for the . printing of the catalogue
cards and forms, and of the bibliographic
publications. The copyright work is now
set off in a distinct division employing the
exclusive services of forty-five persons, 1 a
number greater than the ! entire staff of
the llbrary'in the old building.
Distinct again from 'all of these divisions
having, the custody'of special material or
special functions with reference to the
material as a whole, is a small group at
the head of which is the librarian in chief,
having the general administrative super
vision of "the work as a whole. . ' .. '
-The building and grounds are cared for
by a separate i orgaijizatlon— engineers,
janitors, etc.— under; a superintendent,
himself . appointed by. the President. This
official . acts also as disbursing - agent for
all payments made out of, the library, ap
propriations. -..- ¦¦*•' '.. - •
The present employes ' in . the library
proper number 185 and in the Copyright
forty-five, -while the care of the
building and ground's requires now a force
(Including charwomen) of 111 persons. Only
statistics can make, evident such require
ments. The building with. its courts,cov
ers three and one-half acres of ground; It
includes over 10,000,000 cubic feet and eight
acres of floor .space;- it. has 2150 windows
to be kept clean; , It .is finished in costly
marble and mosaics and i decorated with
costly paintings, which must' receive as
siduous care, -and it employs elaborate
machinery — heating and . ventilating < ap
paratus,' elevators, book railways and
pneumatic tubes-^-which must, be smoothly
operated and kept in order.
Present Size of the Collections.
~ An- average '¦. '¦ of . 2200 persons visit V this
building every day In the year. It is wired
for 6000 electric lamps and its heating're
quires ' 3000 tons of coal : per annum. Its
care. and the responsibility for its proper
maintenance and physical , equipment rest
with its . superintendent, not. with | the- Li
brarian. Special appropriations are placed
at* his disposal, which : now average about
$92,000 a year. This is exclusive of appro
priations for furniture and shelving 1 , which
are ,• granted ; as the gradual. equipment- of
the. rooms; for. particular ..uses progresses.
The contents of the library, proper have
now reached .the following figures: Printed
books and pamphlets (not including dupli
cates In ¦ the Copyright Office), 995,000;
manuscripts, 27,000; maps ; and charts, . 55,
000;, music, 294,000; prints. 84,000. ,¦
•» Here is a. huge; mass of material which
of itself ¦ indicates-'- the : needs of a' large
force i and one- competent, for: specialized
service. That force/ is . gradually' being
provided.-. V" *¦;'»' -"'-." V. : : . -- . •.:•¦
.¦Now this , institution : is a, library. Its
work. is: not' merely to administer, like an
executive ; bureau ; ¦¦: nor., to investigate and
compile, like a scientific j bureau.-; The
.function^of -a. ¦library. Is, '.first, .to accumu
late : material ; • second, to ? make it t Useful.
The'material which it' accumulates is of a
defined A , library, is ' not ' a* mu
seum.'Mior.is it air art- gallery. 1 - It does not
acquire specimens > in science nor ordinary
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
< : \ * ______ " ¦
XV.— THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
But being a national library, its duties
extend still ' further. • It should render
whatever • service is within its power to
scholarly research all over , the United
States, and, as a fact, it endeavors to da
so. Inquiries come to it by mail from
every State in the Union. It. answers
them directly so far as it is able, and
where the answer cannot be given out of
the material in its possession it. seeks to
indicate where it may be had.
Now these inquiries, as well as those ad
dressed to it officially. . involve almost
every branch of human knowledge, which
has any literature; many, also that- have
no literature. To answer, it must, so far
as possible, have books; it must have the
bibliographies showing what • books exist
on any given subject- in addition to those
which it- has; it must have catalogues
showing what of these books are in its
own collection; and, so far as possible,
catalogues of other collections showing
where are, to be found those books which
it- dees not possess. I Lastly, it must have
the men competent not merely, to~ produce
a given book specifically - named— this is
the easiest and simplest service— but com
petent to advise as to . what literature
exists upon a given subject and the rela
tive bearing, of each book upon! a given
subject of inquiry, and the best method
of. pursuing that inquiry so far as it-in
volves the use of books. . Now this is a
highly expert service. It - means . a . corns
of specialists. \ Such specialists the library
always possesses within certain depart
ments of knowledge. It Is endeavoring to
ecure still. more, and. in addition its re
lations . -with - the scientific • bureaus at
Washington enable It often to supply from
those bureaus the scientific "opinion as to
this or that matter of inquiry which it
cannot supply . from Its own staff" in
time, : therefore, . its endeavor to' become a
bureau of information for the entire coun
try is likely. to be realized in a very b-oad
sense. -At . present : it is in Itself equipped
particularly, to answer with expert opinion
inquiries ¦¦ invplving: history and:-tonoe
raphy, particularly of America; > geneal
pgy, political and social science, statistics
including the legislation of various coun^
tries, and 'general, literature. ... r
•The processes of the library "do not "es
sentially differ, from • those In any other
largo : and * active : reference library - Thp
effort is.' first., to select the 'book which Is
.to;bc got; second," to get it; third, to pre
pare It for.use; fourth, to make it useful.
'-.. Note— This paper will be completed next
Saturday.. •¦ :'-¦•¦; • v " * -.* ¦¦¦
Washington is, moreover, itself becom
ing the center of research for scholars in
general, particularly ' in the departments
of history, law, . political and social sci
ence, ethnology and those natural and)
physical sciences which may be studied
to advantage in connection, with the sci
entific collections in Washington' or with
the scientific work being carried on In the
Smithsonian Institution, the Coast and
Geodetic Survey, the Geological Survey,
the naval. observatory, etc. It is already
the seat of various colleges and it Is with
in • one hour ¦ of the American University
most famed : for advanced ' graduate re
search. In all such research the national
library is ready to aid.
As a Storehouse of Knowledge.
: It is a library not so much for popular
education as for serious research. It has
a duty to accumulate and • preserve lrre
sptctive of the mere present use. It must
be content to see the major portion of its
books stand at any one time idle upon the
shelves. Its ambition is not so much to
secure a great number of readers, or. to
Issue a great number of volumes, as to
aid in investigations which may have im
portant consequences to the nation or to
scholarship.
As the library of Congress It is to aid
Congress and the various commissions es
tablished by Congress to make Investiga
tions or i to judicially ¦ decide - important
questions. Its next duty is to the execu
tive Federal departments of Washington
and to the • various scientific bureaus
maintained' by the Federal Government.
It is seeking an intimate relation of serv
ice with these bureaus. - Most of, them
have collections of books of their, own;
but their funds are small, and, as time
goes on, the collections cannot represent
more ' than the working tools which the
officials or scientists must have near their
desks. In course of time the Federal
libraries. of Washington will form one*or
ganic system with the library of Congress
as the center.
Its funds, however, are not and cannot
be .limitless. ,. It must apportion them." lit
order of relative importance It places first
material which will be practically useful
to 'Congress and to other -branches of the
Federal Government, and to the Inquirers
who 'form its immediate constituency of
readers; second, material relating. to the
United .- States and its component parts;
third> material relating to the "Western
hemisphere; fourth, material relating to
the history and the political and economic
conditions of other countries; and, lastly,
the literature of general knowledge.
Aids to the Nation's Scholarship.
Now the library of. Congress also seeks
to acquire and supply books to be imme
diately useful, but it does much more
than this. It is the national library of
the United States. It has a 'duty, there
fore, to accumulate and to preserve every
bit of material constituency of the li
brary, or to the present generation of
readers. Local libraries cannot acquire
everything. They have not the space,
they have not the funds. There should,
however, be one library > In the country
which should acquire everything obtain
able and appropriate in a library relating
to that country, whether written or print
ed. For years the library of Congress
has been accumulating on this principle.
Its funds for purchase were small, but it
was aided by the 1 copyright act. For since
1870 it has been made tUe depositary,
without cost, of two copies' of every book
and periodical and/ of most of the other
articles entered under the copyright law
of the United States, and for fourteen
years prior to 1870 it was the beneficiary
of one copy. The national libraries of
other countries ¦ do not, however, limit
themselves to the literature which is
merely domestic with them. The British
Museum, for instance, recognizes the
whole world as its field. The national'li
brary of the United States, which is nec
essarily to be the foremost library In the
Western hemisphere, can do no less. . .
Libraries differ. The free town library,
the free city library on its popular aide,
and the subscription library collect . ma
terial which is required for immediate use
by the present constituency of readers.
They circulate this as widely and as rap
idly as possible. Their usefulness may to
a certain degree be estimated by the
number of books they circulate. Their
usefulness may In a sense be claimed to
be at a maximum Oen they can show
not a single book rtzcing on the shelves
and the books as a whole wearing out by
use faster than they can be replaced.
They are trying to reach all asces and
every class in the community. They are
supplying not merely the books which are
instructive but those which are purely
recreative. • Particularly, however, they
are seeking to acquire the books which
are useful, .and their purpose is- immedi
ate ; practical use rather than mere pres
ervation.
. As to use also: -A library does not write
books, nor does it make them. It does not
engage in scientific research. It helps to
disseminate' knowledge, but only by accu
mulating, preserving and making availa
ble the sources of knowledge, not by mul
tiplying them. It informs as to what
knowledge exists, and what opinion. But
it is not a university. It" does not in
struct, and it has no opinions of its own
to promulgate or promote.
The Uses of the Library.
pictorial or other art. Its domain 13 lit
erature, . written, printed, stamped, en
gTaved, or by whatsoever process repro
duced, on, whatsoever material. A clay
tablet of Nineveh or the Moabite stone
would find appropriate place within it; but
only as literature, not as sculpture, nor
as evidence i in geology. ! All literature,
however, and . maps, music, photographs,
etchings, engravings, as well as the writ
ten and the printed book, are in its prov
ince. ' .- - • •
By Herbert Putnam,
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS.
What the Federal Government Has Done in
One Hundred Years to 'Create a Great
National Library.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists tor
The ;San Francisco -Call^
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE PRESIDENT DEPARTS.
THE -. SANv FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, MAY '25; 1901;
The British papers ;have ceased. talking about the
war and are now discussing the coal tax. The, one
subject is: about as unpleasant asj the; pther,' : but any
thing for;a change. ¦¦-¦•¦' "'".' .' r- s . '- ; -
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcttar— "The First Born" and "Glorlanx."
Qnmd Operm-hou»e— "The Queen of Chln-towr." '^
California— "Barbara Frlftchle."
Central— "Ebadowi of a Great City."
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Ileartteaee."
Olympla, corner Mnron and TAiy itreett— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every • arternoon and
erenlnr.
n»cher*»— Vauderille.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
• Alhambra— Benent Children's Hospital. Saturday, matinee,
June 1. •
Rutro Baths— Ewltnmlnr-
Emeryville Raeetrsck— R»een to-day.
AUCTION SALES. , ~~~
By S. Watklns— Tuesday, Way 28, at 11 o'clock, Horses,
Mule*, etc., at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
C-ll ftubscrlbera contemplating a. chance *f
rerlrteiice dnrlnjr the mmmer months can btr«
their paper for-rarded br mall to their new
&£dresnen by notlfylnc The Call Bnslneii Office.
T_»« pa,>cr will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and 1. represented by a local -cent la
ell towns «n tbc^coaat '. > .hand column and the -successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives tho last tide
9t the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except . when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
HIGHBINDER, ENJOYS
SHORT-LIVED FREEDOM
Novel' Point Raised at the Arraign
> ment of Jew Shuck in
¦ . - San Jose.'
: SAN JOSE, May 24.— A novel point was
raised to-day at the "arraignment of Jew
Shuck, a Chinese highblndter, charged
with perjury, and for a few minutes the
Celestial enjoyed liberty. A motion to set
aside the information was made on the
ground that Jew Shuck was not present
at the preliminary examination, held be
fore Justice Wallace, when he was held to
answer. Two white witnesses testified to
this, and Judge Lorlgan, after saying the
point was a novel one in this State, grant
ed-the motion. Another complaint charg
ing Jew Shuck with perjury was sworn to
before Justice Wallace, and this after
noon the court made an order for another
preliminary examination and directed the
District Attorney to file* a new informa
tion.
The perjury charge grows out of an at
tempt to kldnao a Chinese woman rfrom
Stockton by charging her with grand lar
ceny. ' •
* " /•
Silver Creek Has a Boom.
8AN JOSE, May 24. —The little camp of
Silver Creek, near Evergreen, at. which
rich depoiJts oi' quickBlIver were found,
Nine. Buildings an - the
Business Center Ar© ;
Destroyed.
Firemen From , Surrounding
¦'¦¦'¦ .Towns Aid in Checking
; the Flames.
JAMESTOWN, May 2-L— The explosion
of a gasoline stove in the. apartments of
Mrs. James , Johnston in the SlssOn Hotel
block this afternoon started a fire which
destroyed nine buildings and caused' a loss
of more than ; $20,000. . Owing to the brisk
wind it seemed, that the entire business
portion of the town would be swept away.
Sonora and other near-by towns sent ap
paratus and men, who materially aided
the "local firemen in getting the flames
under control. Only two of the losers had
any insurance— J. G. Pedro had $800 on one
building and the loss of Donohue & Fink
bohner was covered.
The losses are as follows: J. G. Pedro,
two buildings and furniture of lodging
house, $7000; Preston estate,. two buildings,
$3000; William McGinn, building, $1000;. E.
Durgan, blacksmith V and wagon) shop,
$1000 ; Gampora & . Bruno, Europa • Hotel,
building and furniture, $6000; Miss M.
O'Donnell, building, $800; C. E. Durgan,
damage to-building, $300; J. ; Jacobs,- gro
cery stock, $800; J.N. Johnston, household
effects and clothing;' $200; A.' B. .Overhol
ser, confectionery, $200; S.J. Jensen, : shoe
shop, $400; Jamestown Court,* Foresters of
America, $500; A. Anderson, saloon stock,
S200; Donohue & Flnkbohner, saloon stock,
$300: ¦ ¦ ¦ '
FIRE'S DAMAGE
IN JAMESTOWN
MILLIONS OF RAILROAD TIES
FOR A 50UTH AMERICAN ROAD
•• . ' • '. ' ¦¦• - v— ; — ¦ ' ' . ; . /, : ...¦.¦.¦... ' -
Adato Sails With First Consignment of an Qrder That
Will Take Eight Voyages to Fill.
--¦,:_.• .' w ¦¦A ' ¦ • ¦ - . . . • . .- , ... . ¦ ¦ . s- ¦•.... .-, .. . ¦ * •...¦¦ - • ,- t < ..* •.-¦ -.v :/., r. ¦ • •i.^sW-WJ^BiRI
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 25,11901;
FROM 8KATTLB,
TO ARRIVE.
SATURDAY, MAT 23.
' NOTE— In the above exposition i of the'.tlde*
the early morning tides are given In the left
Exhibits at Buffalo.
•'¦'¦ There : will • be ' exhibits from \ all f over' ' the"
world at -the -Buffalo - exposition": which ¦• will
prove very Interesting to- all who may attend*
but no more so than the news that the famous
remedy, ' Hostetter's ¦ Stomach : Bitters, - will ! cure
dyspepsia,: indigestion, , constipation, bilious
ness . and i nervousness. ¦. To ' all ¦ sufferers . from
the above' complaints -a' trial is recommended '
with ¦ the assurance * that - when { honestly a used
a » cure will be ' effected. It also tone* ': up " tit
entire" system.' • • ' " :
¦ QUINN HAS ; DIS AFPEA RED.— The ,'case of
Stella Bolman. charged with grand larceny ¦ for
stealing $135 fr6m Charles Quinn,- an ex-soldier
was - called « In ¦¦ Judge •- Frl tz' s court - yesterday'
but Quinn' failed to appear, and the , Judge s is
sued an- attachment- for his arrest. .->-..
Jacques Objects to Receiver.
¦• Argument on i the motion' to': remove D.
A. Curtin as receiver of the property of
aged Joseph CHare,, which is valued at
$72,000 and . which, '¦ it Is- alleged, was se
cured from him by , Thomas G. Jacques
through the exercise of undue influence,
was partly argued before ¦ Judge Sloss
yesterday.* ' The motion was made by ex-
Governor , Budd and Knight & Heggerty,
who .-represent ¦" "Jacques; - Jacques is
charged in the ! Police Court with having
abducted O'Hare* who Is old and mentally
weak, for the purpose ?, : of securing his
property, which he did at least secure pos
session of.'. -.The argument will be con
cluded, this moraine. ; -
Alta Parlor's Social.
A pleasing entertainment .was given In
Native Sons' Hull last night by Alta Par
lor in aid of the fund for the, relief of its
sick members. The programme included a
tenor solo by Charles Goetting ; piano 'se
lections, Maud Isaacs, child pianist; Span
ish selections, Senora Maria Roberson.and
Senof Roberto Escamllla; . musical; selec
tions, by Professor Graber's" mandolin
Class, and a farce entitled' 'JA Busy Meet
ing of the Literary, Metaphysical, and
"Whimsical Society," by members of the
parlor. The sketch, which was "written
by Ella M. Sexton, is a clever skit on.the
manner in vwhich some clubs are conduct
ed, and was well received. The ' pro
gramme • was idlowed ' by dancing. ' The
committee of arrangements was: Misses
Anna Brown, Eliza D. Keith, Ida M. Ker
van, Maggie White, Mabel Miller and'Mol-
He Brown, and Mesdames E. W. French;
Emma Fraser, J. S. Noonan and: Otilla
McLaughlin. •>-,'.« * - •¦
Time Sail.
Branch v Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
i chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 24, 1901. ' V • -
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e..' at noon of the 120th meridian, 'or at 8
o'clock- p. m..' Greenwich time.
• . /¦•¦'¦ C. G. CALKINS, -
.Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
United | States Coast, and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High : and . Low
Waters at Fort'' Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. - /
NOTE — The high -and low waters: occur at
the city front (Mission-street . wharf) I about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 2t— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton
for New York. ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
.-/ LIZARD— Parsed May 24— Stmr ' Southwark
from New. York, for • Antwerp. .'¦•;.-'-¦ • ,
GENOA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Werra, from
New York.
BREMEN— Arrived May 24— Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, from New York. . " .' •
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 24— Chll stmr Pa
lena, for San Francisco. ,
PUNTA DE ARNEL-Passed May 24-Ger
ship Paul Rickmers, f romr Vancouver, ¦ for Lon
don.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived May 24— Bktn Hawaii,'
from Klhea. . ¦ ...
COLON— Arrived May 23— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
CORONEL— Arrived May 7— Aus stmr Mari
anne, hence April 17. , .
1QUIQUE— Arrived May, »-Br' ship Yola,
from Callao.
DOVER— Passed May 28— Br ship Chelmsf ord,
from Hambure, for San Francisco, j
BARRY— Sailed May 23— Fr ship Anne de
Bretagne, for San Francisco.
KUSCHINOTZU— Sailed May 7— Br itmr Al
mond Branch, for Port Townsend.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 24— Br 8tmi
Doric, hence April 25.- I
LONDON-In port May 10-Br bk Dendraeth
Castle, for Victoria or Tacoma.
CALLAO— Sailed May 24— Ger stmr Hermon
thls. for -San Francisco. ¦ - .
BRISBANE— Arrived prior to May 24— Br
stmr Aoranei, from Vancouver. . . •.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 24— Stmr
Coronafio, hence May 21. Sailed May 24 — Schr
Chas R Wilson, for San Francisco; schr Ma
weena,' for Santa Rosalia.
EUREKA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 23.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 24— Stmr Progreso,
hence May 21, for Tacoma; bark Tidal Wave,
for Port Los Angeles. - "
TACOMA— Arrived May 24— U S stmr Samoa,
from Seattle, for Helena.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 24— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Passed May 24— Stmr
Acapulco, from Panama, for San Francisco.
CHIGXIK BAY— Arrived April 4— Stmr Afog
nak, hence March 17; April 25— Ship Eclipse,
hence April 1. ¦ N •
ASTORIA— Sailed May 24— Ger bark Magda
lena, fcr Oueenstown. .
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived May 24— Jap
stmr Idzuml Maru, from China. ' Sailed out
ward May 24— Br stmr Caithness, for — -.
CHIGNIK BAY— In port May 12— Ship
Eclipse, bark Ferris S Thompson, bark Har
vester and bark J D Peters.
PORT GAMBIA— Sailed May 24— Stmr W F
Jewett, for Hilo. • -
SEATTLE— Arrived May 24— Jed atmr Id
zuml Maru, from China., Sailed May 24— U S
stmr Egbert; stmr Czarina, for Tacoma; stmr
Farallon, for Skasruay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 23— Stmr Victorian,
for Skaguay; May 24— U S stmr Samoa, for
Tacoma. • ¦ . .
May 21, 4S N long— Br ship Riverside, from
Ix>ndon, for San Diego; May 6, 23.43 N lat,
39.07 W Ion— Br ship Oimara, from Callao, for
United Kingdom; 47 N lat, 23 W Ion— Br bark
Sofala, from Tacoma. for Queenstown; May
15, 28 N lat, 47 W Ion— Br ship Carmanlan,
hence Jan 1, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
' POINT LOBOS. May 24—10 p. m.—Weather*
hazy, wind calm.
Tug Geo R Voabsrg, Weber. Kehalem River,
with barge C H Wheeler In tow.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Cook, for Cape
J*ome.
Barge C H Wheeler, Wheeler. Nehalem
River, In tow of tug Geo R Vosberg.
Friday. May 24.
Btmr National City, Dettm*r§, — :
Htmr Alcnznr, Mnrtfn, — .
tit ctinr Anintu, Mclntyre, Guayaquil.
Htmr Km 1 ilrc. Maceenn, Coos Day.
Htmr <;ips>'. Inland, Santa Cms.
Htmr Matteawan, Crosscup, Tacoma,
Nor stmr Tltanla, Kgenrs, for Nanaimo.
Btmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, for Grays
Harbor.
8A1L.ED.
CLEARED, \
FVJdny, May 24.
Nor itmr Titanlo, Egenea, Kaiwlmo; John
Jlo*enfeId'/» gen».
Himr Hrtiitfl Jio.au, Alexander, San Diego;
(Vmdall, I'erklna A Co,
Stmr f'l'ioriij, Olelow, fun JVrtro; Ooodall,
JViMii« & Co.
Htmr Conemauffh, Daring, St. Mlehatl, via
Brattle; Northern Commercial Co.
Hchr Lena, Sweasey, Forest, <Mazatlan; W'm
Gl»en.
Friday, May 24.
Sttnr Mandalay, Reed, 3 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 36 hours'.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 68 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 45 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Rureka, Jessen, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 22 hours from Eureka.
BRrk Star of Bengal, Henderson, 10 days
from Chemalnus, bound to Adelaide. Arrived
on* this port to land Captain Henderson on ac
count of being sick. Captain Uhlberg assumed
command.
Brig Lurllne, Schaube, 20 days from Kahu
lul.
Bchr Maid of Orleans, MorrU, 12 days from
Chlcnlk Bay.
Schr Archje and Fontie, Hunting, 15 hours
from Point Ar*na, ,
Hzhr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 8 days from
Port Blnkeley,
Bohr Challenger, Anderson, 13 days from Port
BlakeJey.
gchr Ma McKay, Lchtola, 4$ hours from Eu>
rrka, t.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
day for Mazatlan with cargo to be landed at
various Mexican ports, valued at $19,826, con
sisting of the following: n
2360 cs powder, 24 cs caps, 30 cs fuse, 108
gals wine, 10 cs drugs, 359? bdls shooks, 169,
807 feet lumber.
Electric Plant Changes Hands.
BAN BERNARDINO, May 24.-A deal
was consummated here this afternoon
whereby the Redlands Electric Light anf
Power Company transfers its interests tc
the Edison Electric Company of LosAn
eeles for $600,000. The Redlands company
controls water rights in the Santa Ana
River and other adjacent streams. The
purchasers announce that they will take
immediate steps to develop more water for
electrical power and will spend $500,000 in
making improvements. The Edison com
pany now practically controls the busi
ress of Southern California.
LAUNCHING OK THE OHIO In the
Wasp's Presidential souvenir. .Sixty pages
of reception pictures. On sale at all news
etands. 25 cents. . •
ASTSONOMEB PEBRINE'S
ENCOUBAGING REPORT
Cables That the Crocker Expedition
to Sumatra Has Fulfilled 1
Its Mission.
LICK OBSERVATORY. May 24.—As
tronomer Perrine, in charge of the Crock
er eclipse expedition from the Lick Ob
servatory to Sumatra, has cabled the
rratifying Information that Rome regulta
were secured with all the Instrument*
taken with him. This, taken In connection
with his cable of laet Saturday, I under
stood to mean that hit successful jihoto
er&phs were secured between clouds
drifting across the vicinity of the sun. At
this Wai an unusually Ions eclljise, it ft
quite t;robabl« that his results will com
pare favorably In quantity and quality
with those »e<?ured at the short eclipses
of the past three years. The hoodi of
mronal streamer*, first observed at the
Indian eclipse of ISft, are recorded on tho
jilntes of the present eclipse.
Further details ot the results necured
it re i"t expected until the arrival of Mr.
Perrine's letters.
W. W. CAMPBELL, Director.
THE British tramp steamship Adato
sailed for Guayaquil, Ecuador,
yesterday with the first consign
ment of lumber and railroad ties
to be used In the completion of
the road between that seaport and Quito.
The contract calls for 13,000,00Qt ties in all,
and it will take the Adato eight trips to
land that number at Guayaquil. There
was some spirited bidding for the order
and at one time the Puget Sound lumber
dealers thought they had secured the
plum. They made a miscalculation, how
ever, and San Francisco secured the con
tract. T
The Ada*) took away yesterday 1,889,353
feet of lumber, 60,029 railroad ties and a
small quantity of merchand'se. The tramp
came here from the Sound and brought
down with her 678,974 feet of lumber and
the balance of 1,210,379 feet and the rail
read ties she took on here. The latter
were brought from Mendocino on steam
schooners and loaded on to the Adato in
the bay. The lumber was piled up aa high
as the tramp's poop deck and »ne looked
like a huge steam nchooner an »he passed
out through th» headu. On th« return trip
from Guayaquil the Adato will probably
bring nitrate to Ban Francisco.
SHIP IBOQUOIS DEPARTS.
ririt Sailing Vessel to Leave for New
York in Months.
Sir.6« the advent of the American-Ha
waiian steamahip lln© between here and
New York the galling .vewela have been
forced to look for charters In other direc
tions, tfinrc January ln«t find up to Inxt,
Thursday not a wind Jammer had nailed
from San JVanclHCO for the East with a
general cargo, but on the date named the
ship Ironuols broke the monotony. She
is now on her way to New York with' a
cargo valued at tenit of thousands. Among
it Is 4499 barrels of California wine, canned
goods, cedar logs, scrap Iron, wire rope
and 478 bale* of rags. The latter consign
ment when sold to the paper mills will
realize quite a neat sum, while the wire
rope and scrap iron will be sold as Junk.
The v.ine was shipped for the sake of
the voyage. The trip around the Horrf
will give it a racking that will add several
years to the age of the cargo, and that la
what the owners are after.
Lost a Man Overboard.
The schooner Queen, which arrived from
Port Gamble with a cargo of lumber a
few days ago, lost one of her crew over
board on the way down. When off the
coast of Mendocino a sailor named Olson
got on the deckload to take a reef In the
mainsail. He was dressed in oilskins and
had long rubber boots on. While at work
he made a false step and went overboard.
The man at the wheel at once put the
helm hard down and then threw the dog
house overboard. When the, schooner
came around the doghouse was there, but
Olson was gone. His boots must have
filled with water and sunk him like a
plummet. . •
Last of the Whaler Lydia.
The old whaler Lydia Is to be broken up.
Built in Rochester, Mass., away back in
1S40, she is known from Maine to Califor
nia, and there are few of the "old brig
ade 1 ' of whalemen who have not served on
her at one time or another. In her young
'days she was the pride of the New Bed
ford fleet and chased the sperm whale all
over the Southern Seas. In Australasian
waters she made some good catches and
many a thousand pounds of "bone" has
she brought home from the Arctic. On
this coast the Lydia was never a success
and many and many a time was she fitted
out by Wright, Bowne & Co. only to come
back "clean" after a year's absence. In
1S93 she made her last voyage for. that
firm." The next year she was not sent
north, but in 1895 a party of young men
sent her north, but all they gained was
experience. In 1S96 C. J. Hendry & Son,
the ship chandlers, fitted her out. but
they could not make her pay and she was
laid up in Oakland Creek and has been
there ever since. A couple of days ago
the old bark was sold to the Pacific Coast
Wrecking Company, so that after almost
sixty years of constant service the Lydia
has gone to the "bone yard" at last.
Water Front Notes.
The five-masted schooner W. H. Mars
ton, which was moved from Mission-street
wharf yesterday to make room for the
four-masted barkentine Lahaina, did con
siderable damace to the pier. Some Of
the piles were smashed and planking 1 torn
up while she was being moved. Both the
Marston and Lahaina are being rigged.
On her next trip from the Sound the big
tramp steamship Algca will go to Oakland
with coal for the Southern Pacific. After
that she may be returned to the Mail
Company and will carry merchandise to
the Orient. -
The ; collier Horda, which struck on an
uncharted rock in Oyster Harbor, has
gone on the Union Iron Works' drydock
for an inspection. It is not thought that
she is damaged to any great extent.
Peterson's launches will run to the bat
tleship's Iowa and . Wisconsin to-morrow.
This will be the last chance to see the
Wisconsin, as she sails next week for the
China station to relieve the Oregon. '
W. H. Glenn, a letter carrier, had his
leg broken by a kick from a horse" he was
driving along the front yesterday. The
broken limb was set at the Harbor Hos
pital:
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters, of Interest to Mariners 'and
.Shipping Merchants.
The Benlcla will load merchandise here for
Honolulu; the City of Adelaide, lumber at
Eureka for Sydney; the Dauntless, lumoer.at
Fairhaven for Guaymas; the Otella Pedersen,
lumber at Everett for.Hilo;- the Khorasan,
lumber' at Hastings Mills for West Coast, prior
to arrival: the Royal Sovereign, lumber at
Blakeley for Valparaiso (owner's account).
Lumber for Ecuador.
The British steamer Adato sailed yesterday
for Guayaquil with 1,210.879 feet lumber, 50,029
redwood ties, 2511 lbs rice,* 10 cs whisky, .102
pals wine, valued at $30,543. .In addition to
above there -was 678", 974 feet lumber, laden at
Port Townsend. . . t --'.-*
A Cargo for Mexico.
The sebjener Lena Sweascy ; cleared yester-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. May 24.— With the installa
tion of the newly elected grand officers
this afternoon the session of the Knights
of Pythias of California came to an end.
At the forenoon session resolutions were
passed thanking the executive committee
cf arrangements, the members of the local
lodges of Knights, the Mayor and citizens
and the press for courtesies extended. A
resolution introduced by Grand Vice
Chancellor-elect D. K. Trask, highly com
plimenting Damon Temple for the effl
ciency displayed in the Initiatory ceremo
nies last night, was adopted.
A resolution to accept the old college
building at Woodbrldge for a Pythian
Home was tabled. |This matter will be
permanently settled at the next session
of the Grand Lodge in San Francisco. It
will then be definitely decided whether the
Knights of Pythias shall build a Pythian
borne.
The Pythian Press Association was rep
resented to-day In the Grand Lodge by
three prominent Knights from the East.
They are Supreme Representatives Wil
liam B. Kennedy of Illinois and C. H.
Kuhnle of Iowa, Supreme Inner Guard H.
H. Curtis of Michigan and Past Grand
Chancellor C. O. Roener of West Virginia.
They spoke in glowing terms of California
and of Stockton.
The Rathbone Sisters' Grand Temple ad
journed this afternoon at 12:45 o'clock.
During the early morning session points
in the Grand Temple law were discussed.
The installation of the officers elected
yesterday followed. The delegates spent
the afternoon in sociability at the Rath
bone Sisters' headquarters.
The crowning social feature was the ball
to-night at Masonic Music Hall, for which
many Knights and their ladies remained
over. Quite a number of the delegates
from the mountain counties will remain
till to-morrow evening in order to see
President McKinley. who is scheduled to
make a short stop here to-morrow after
r.ccn.
NEW OFFICERS
AT THE HELM
Pythians and Rathbone
Sistera Conduct In- ;
stallations.
Grand Lodge and Grand
Temple End Their Ses
sions in Stockton.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP ADATO LEAVINQ, PORT WITH A CARGO OF LUMBER AND RAILROAD TIES. THIS IS
THE FIRST CONSIGNMENT OF AN ORDER FOR 13,000,000 TIES THAT ARE TO BE USED IN COMPLETING
AN ECUADORIAN RAILROAD. . ;
TO SAIL.
week. The trial commenced last Tues
day. The action is one to recover dam
ages - for the destruction of plaintiffs'
shingle mill by a forest fire alleged to
have been started by defendants In Sep
tember last.
¦The plaintiffs finished their side of th«
case yesterday afternoon, having exam
ined about twenty witnesses. Their testi
mony showed that the fire had Its origin
upon the Hughes & Peers tract and
spread from there to the Sampson mill.
This morning the defendants commenced
their case. Mr. Hughes testified that he
knew nothing about how the fire orig
inated. He had started none, nor had he
caused any to be set out. His men bad
been warned not to start any fires In the
woods at that time of the year, aa he
knew it would be dangerous.
It is understood that certain persona
will testify that they started the fire un
known to Mr. Hughes,
Is enjoying a boom. Besides the quicksil
ver works, which* are to be 'erected at
once, large firebrick works are projected.
Deposits of clay there have been pro
nounced by experts to be the finest In the
West for firebrick purposes, and the clay
is now . being experimented with In San
Francisco. The deposit contains Knglish
fireclay and kaolin, the latter being rare
in this country. •
CULEM THEY DID NOT
START FOREST FIRE
D€fendants in Bedwood City Damage
Case Deny Charges of \
Plaintiffs.
REDWOOD CITY, May 24.— The trial of
the damage case of Sampson Bros. vs.
Hughes & Peers was resumed here to-day
and will probably run well Into next
7
Sun rises '....„..
Sun sets ......................................
Moon sets .". '.............0:25 i
.4:51
..7:21
i. . m.
¦ Time . Time =¦ Time . Time
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. I
H W| L W H W L W
25 ..'. 5:11 4.4 01:20 0.8 6:24 6.4 ......
L, W| H W L W H W
26 .. .0:41 2.1 6:2) ' (.1 12:11 1.2 7:09
27..: 1:38 ' 1.6 7:40 .4.0 1:04 'il.6 7:51
2S ... 2:24 .1.2 '8:44 4.0 1:46.1.9-8:27
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 ,4.1 2:26 2.2 -9M
SO... 3:4? 0.4 10:3B 4.3 .3:03 2.6 -.9:33
31;.. : 4:181 0-0 11:20 4.4 3:42 , 2.8 ,10:00
Ft.
I- 5.6
15.6
I 5.7
5.7
"5.8
I- 5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 25.
Ruth Golofnln & Nome..
Valencia Nome via Seattle.
Corona Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle.
Portland Nome via 6t. Mlchl
May 20.
Eureka Humboldt
cityPuebla... p U get Sound PorU
Santa Rosa... San Diego ,,,.,...
Mandalay Coqullle RJver ....
North Fork... Humboldt
Nay 2T,
8. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma,
May 2H.
Kambyieg,,,, Utunbg & Wr.y Via
Hun Ills* Panama & Way...
O. W, Elder.. Airtorla & Portland
MMnni'-., Ptlnd It Qoon liu'y
:<onltft Newport
J'liinoiin. .,,... Humnoldt
Mny 20.
Amw. Maru.. China & Japan..,.
ArcaU.. ...... Coos Say.......
Queen......... Hun Diego ........
Mar 30.
J. 8. Klmbflil. Nomo via H«attle.
MaripoiA 8ydn«y tt Way 1'ti
May 31. <
Walla WMia. ruget Hound Porte
I 5 pmlS.W. 2
2 pm|OU wk
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 8
2 pm Pier 34
9 am Pier X3
H am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier %
9 am Pier 2
....... Pier 13
12 m Pier 27
12 tit I'MHH
H am Pier 24
Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
1:30 v Pl«r, 9
1 pm PM88
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier U
3 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
II am Pier 9
Steamer.
Dewtlnntlon.
SallB.
Cottagt City... HkaKUny A Way Ports.
Exceleior.. Valdez & Way Ports...
Santa Ana...... Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt...'. .. Skaguay it Way Ports.
Dolphin Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence.
City of Seattle.. Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Senator Nome direct
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.
KIlhuThomps'n Nome & St. Michael....
Oregon — : Nome & Port Clarence.
May 23
May U
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 23
May 29
May 80
May 30
May 30
June 1
June 1
Steamer.
From.
Due
South Portland.
G.W. Elder.:..
Mackinaw....'..
Acapulco
Washtenaw . . . .
Alliance
Wyefield
Queen
Pomona.........
Coos Bay.'.....;
Areata..........
Walla Walla...
Curacao
Fulton
Leelanaw
Alsroa
City Peking.;..
Hyades
Czarina
Eureka.....'.....
Falena
Sonoma...
City of Sydney.
Rainier.........
Rival .....
Columbia........
Crescent City...
Corona
Santa Rosa.....
Point Arena....
Progreso...'
Grace Dollar...
Seattle and Tacoma.... |
Portland and Astoria..
Seattle
Panama and Way Ports
Tacoma
Portland & Coos Bay.
Nanalmo '
San Diego
Humboldt
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican Ports .........
Grays Harbor
N. Y. via Panama
Oyster. Harbor
China. and Japan.*.
Seattle
Seattle .and. Tacoma....
Humboldt i .'
Valparaiso via Panama
Sydney & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports.
Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Willapa Harbor
Portland and Astoria...
Crescent City
Newport ... ,
San •Dlego..7'.
Point Arena
Tacoma ...:. ..\...|
Grays Harbor ; j
|May 1
May i
May i
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 1
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May i
May 2
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
May 25.
Ruth Golofnln & Nome..
Valencia Nome via Seattle.
Corona Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Connemaugh. Nome via Seattle.
Portland Nome via 6t. Mlchl
May 20.
Eureka Humboldt
cityPuebla... p U get Sound PorU
Santa Rosa... San Diego ,,,.,...
Mandalay Coqullle RJver ....
North Fork... Humboldt
Nay 2T,
8. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma,
May 2H.
Kambyieg,,,, Utunbg & Wr.y Via
Hun Ills* Panama & Way...
O. W, Elder.. Airtorla & Portland
MMnni'-., Ptlnd It Qoon liu'y
:<onltft Newport
J'liinoiin. .,,... Humnoldt
Mny 20.
Amw. Maru.. China & Japan..,.
ArcaU.. ...... Coos Say.......
Queen......... Hun Diego ........
Mar 30.
J. 8. Klmbflil. Nomo via H«attle.
MaripoiA 8ydn«y tt Way 1'ti
May 31. <
Walla WMia. ruget Hound Porte
I 5 pmlS.W. 2
2 pm|OU wk
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 8
2 pm Pier 34
9 am Pier X3
H am Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier %
9 am Pier 2
....... Pier 13
12 m Pier 27
12 tit I'MHH
H am Pier 24
Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
1:30 v Pl«r, 9
1 pm PM88
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier U
3 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 7
II am Pier 9
Steamer.
Dewtlnntlon.
SallB.
Cottagt City... HkaKUny A Way Ports.
Exceleior.. Valdez & Way Ports...
Santa Ana...... Nome & St. Michael...
Humboldt...'. .. Skaguay it Way Ports.
Dolphin Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence.
City of Seattle.. Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Senator Nome direct
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.
KIlhuThomps'n Nome & St. Michael....
Oregon — : Nome & Port Clarence.
May 23
May U
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 23
May 29
May 80
May 30
May 30
June 1
June 1
Sun rises '....„..
Sun sets ......................................
Moon sets .". '.............0:25 i
.4:51
..7:21
i. . m.
¦ Time . Time =¦ Time . Time
Date Ft. Ft. — Ft. I
H W| L W H W L W
25 ..'. 5:11 4.4 01:20 0.8 6:24 6.4 ......
L, W| H W L W H W
26 .. .0:41 2.1 6:2) ' (.1 12:11 1.2 7:09
27..: 1:38 ' 1.6 7:40 .4.0 1:04 'il.6 7:51
2S ... 2:24 .1.2 '8:44 4.0 1:46.1.9-8:27
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 ,4.1 2:26 2.2 -9M
SO... 3:4? 0.4 10:3B 4.3 .3:03 2.6 -.9:33
31;.. : 4:181 0-0 11:20 4.4 3:42 , 2.8 ,10:00
Ft.
I- 5.6
15.6
I 5.7
5.7
"5.8
I- 5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due
South Portland.
G.W. Elder.:..
Mackinaw....'..
Acapulco
Washtenaw . . . .
Alliance
Wyefield
Queen
Pomona.........
Coos Bay.'.....;
Areata..........
Walla Walla...
Curacao
Fulton
Leelanaw
Alsroa
City Peking.;..
Hyades
Czarina
Eureka.....'.....
Falena
Sonoma...
City of Sydney.
Rainier.........
Rival .....
Columbia........
Crescent City...
Corona
Santa Rosa.....
Point Arena....
Progreso...'
Grace Dollar...
Seattle and Tacoma.... |
Portland and Astoria..
Seattle
Panama and Way Ports
Tacoma
Portland & Coos Bay.
Nanalmo '
San Diego
Humboldt
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican Ports .........
Grays Harbor
N. Y. via Panama
Oyster. Harbor
China. and Japan.*.
Seattle
Seattle .and. Tacoma....
Humboldt i .'
Valparaiso via Panama
Sydney & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports.
Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Willapa Harbor
Portland and Astoria...
Crescent City
Newport ... ,
San •Dlego..7'.
Point Arena
Tacoma ...:. ..\...|
Grays Harbor ; j
|May 1
May i
May i
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 1
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 2
May i
May 2
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 3
:*'•' AMUSEMENTS.
WWLU W3i O_i A LEADING THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NICIIT-LAST TIME.
Heartsease.
HENRY MILLER
. And a Strong Supporting Company!
Beginning Next Monday,
Oscar Wilde's Trivial Comedy for Serious Pcopl*.
"Fhs Importance of Being Earnest,"
HENRY MILLER and a Splendid Cut.
Seat4 Now Ready— Matlneea Next Week . on
Thursday and Saturday.
"IT HAS CAPTURED THE TOWN."
EVENINGS AT ».
THISAFTERNOON AT 2, *
GREAT TOY MATINEE,
' EVERY CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDINO
r ¦ > W T B '
• I tTTLaLU i ..¦.-.,.
POPULAR PRICES.... .......25c and SO*
. ¦ . Telephone — Bush 9. . . • . ¦
BEtASCOfiBaTtiAiX&jferi^
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (Sun.)
TO-XIGHT and Sunday Evening — Last Times.
_¦ -'Th« Great Melodrama.
SHADOWS °a f
GREAT CITY.
Elaborate Scenic Features— Startling Effect*.
SPECIALTIES BY THE CLEVER LITTLB
BENNETT SISTERS.
DDIfEC Evenings 10c, 13c. 25c, 35c, 50o
I K1LC3 Matinees 10c., 13c. 25o
Next Week— The Powerful Melodrama.
"THE WAR OF WEALTH."
Special Matinee Thursday.. Decoration Day.
RACING I RACING / , RACING t
SPRING MEETING— Opening AprU ».
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.:.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclnt: Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thur*.
' day .Friday and Saturday. Rain or abln«. ,
Five or more • races each day. . i
. Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp-
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 aj. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains ¦ stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda -mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway.- Oakland. These electric caxa '
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. . MILROY. Secretary- .
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELESjs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY. AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATJON F*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels on-
Joy comforts and cotrvealences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches mad unequal eel
'cuisine. American and European plans.'
HOTEL«»
THE WEEKLY GALL,
$rper Yeap.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Bern to County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Cfara County.
Having bcught and developed . these mines,
Curing the past three years, and now desiring
to bullfl expensive furnaces, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, About
SO.GCO shares In each company, on the follow-
ing, term«:
E0 CENTS PER SHARE.
No etock sold unless equal amount Is taken
in each company.
Both mines under one management.
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE ALr-
KZADY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines tire the most permanent
»rd profitable of all mines. Our mines are
tdjacent to mines that have produced over
ilOO.OOO.OOO worth of quicksilver.
Let us tshow you these mines, and Judge lor
yourself.
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock for five years. _
The money obtained from the sale of Etock
»ill be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robert Scott Is now building,
• nd developments, which will Immediately raise
the pric* of the etock. I
H. R. BRADFORD,
President unJ General Manager,
7 North Market St., SAN JOSE, CAL. ~
Prospectcs and Exhibit at Branch Office,
<13 Kearny st.. San Francisco.
F. I>E FREITAS. Agent.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Co? a oj Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
Strictures and analogous complaint*
cf the Or£aas of Generation.
Price II ¦ bottle. For sale by drug-gists.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mail 3 i
on Application.
COAL. COKE A »I> PIG IROX.
If" till CflV ?¦ Cl\ . -¦ •» Battery • Street."
J-U- HlLiUK C. l/U;. '.elephone Main 1S64..
COPPERSMITH.
C W CITITH Plumbing. Steamboat and
*- TF« ...lill il, ghjp •Work a epedalty. IS and
IK •Washington et. Telephone Main E64L
FRESH xyD SALT MEATS.
?AS RttYF^itril Ehlppinif Butchers. 104
JA>- DUIEjStJ. Qay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS. SPfil
l.VBniCATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. E. F. Phone Main ITU. \
PHINTINQ.
F f Rf IfiHFS PRINTER.
L. W« liUUHCS, SU Sansome »L. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERj.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. ' - . '¦' - \ .
» First Street. San Francisco.
COmiOHT IIN »» TM« MOtlW * SAM1I.« CO. CINC1HNATI ', . \ r '~'^ '.
\V/ 1* I ' LJT1VT "DTT AYT-I
, . • W 1 1 JT1J1N rvCxx v^JTl •
Hr--vjjtiCAUSE of its low price Ivory Soap is
j--*f!j within the reach of all. Besides its low
|J^-^1 cost it has the advantage that it is
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses ;
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds
of soap each intended for a special purpose.
IVORY SOAP IS 99 «>tS> PER CENT. PURE. .7*
AMUSEMENTS : _ :y
MOROsee's
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORftOW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS Of
THE QUtENO^ CHINATOWN.
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
On* of Am«rtea.'« Or«»tcst Start in Sardou'a
Grand 8p«ctaeular Drama,
On* Of tho Mont Elaborate Productions Ever
B?pn on Any Stage. :
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
' 10c, ISc, 2Sc,< S3c. A ftw seata 7Sc.
Special Decoration Day Matinee Thursday,
May 30. ¦
Regular Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY SAT.,'" MAT 23.
Parquet, 23c, any seat;. Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c t any part except reserved.
A NEW BILL.
Al Leach and the Three Rosebuds,
._ .Grace .Van Studdiford, Genaro and
Bailey, Xievr Sully, Burton and/
Brooks, Bison City Quartet, Bio-
graph, and James O. Barrows, John
Lancaster and Company.
. MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT,
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEIt.t, COMPANY. .
: .I j : . . r LAST TIMES OF •
BARBARA FRIETCHIE.
Evenlns---- .. .....".23c, 35c,' 50c, 75c. JL00
Saturday Matinee........ 25c, BOc, 73c
Bargain Matinee Thursdays
25c and 5Oc.
To-morrow Evening-— -First time in the "West
the highly successful drama of adventure,
"PHROSCX"
iHilli
• MATINEE . TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
-FARCE AND .TRAGEDY!-;
TO-NIGHT at 8 sharp,
The Comic Play,
"G LORI AN A."
At 9:45,
Francis . Powers' Chinese Tragedy.
"THE FIRST BORN."
Coming— FLORENCE ROBERTS.
GHUTES_and
Special To^Night.
Big Cakewalk
• {• •-•'-• Including ¦ ¦. :
AH CHOY AND SUEY WONG, CHINATOWN
. . CHAMPIONS. ¦
¦ -'.•-, VS. :¦'-¦.,' '
JOSEPHINE ' GASSMAN'S PICKANINNIES.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW.
..;THE FLYING; JORDANS...
¦ .; •¦- Telephone - for ; Beats 7- Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS-
• -, Open Daily • From '. 7 'aTi m. to 11 1 jr. ¦ m.
. • .Bathing From.7a.~m.' to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. - CHILDREN 6c
Bathing, Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
FISCHER'S concert /house.
.n-'- -M - "": - ° ' Admission IOc. ' -
Gladys Middleton.iCarlta.; Carter arid; Gerald..
>Wra.i McDonald, .Augusta .. Salvini, Perry and
Lovell, : Powers and Freed and other*.' > :**
Reserved Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday/gpS
ApVERTISEMEyTB.
» ¦•
The Praise
of Pie.
What do people compliment
first, when they bite into aius*
cious looking pie?
The filling? No.
The crust—isn't it?
" What a delicious, crisp
crust!" they/exclaim. W r hat
makes a good crust ? \ ¦ v ...
Flour, water and what else?
White
Gottoleiie
¦ '• •*¦ " ¦ . 7- ' ' . ¦• '"¦¦:'}'
. What | is White ' Cottolene . ?
A. pure, ' vegetable product,
made of : selected beef suetj .and
pure/ vegetable oil, . odorless,
tasteless, neutral. . Preferable • to
hog fat in every way. . ."
A pail of it will ' best . prove its
superior merits ' as a shortening
agent./
¦ The N.K.Falrbank Company,
- Chicago-Sole iUnnX«ctun>ri.
FRFF! • Our 'dainty booklet.
rnCEI .- A public Secret."
mailed free . to . any address.
\ . For two 2c stamps we will
¦end, free our 123-page recipe
book. "Home Helps," edited
P. S.— No Ho£ Fat in COTTOLENE
• .. ... ; . ¦ I ' '.. - : . '¦ ..
«tt WBr TWO QUALITIES S
DB.MEYERS&CO,. J04^
Specialists. Dls- «§2zF q£
ease and , VVeaknesa V^JK^ ' Tf
of men. Estab- 'jF^g J*1^ESt*B3
¦ Ushed 1881. Consul- : ':T(Vf,.'"
tatlon and private '^JiV - * 1
,book.free.. at office; ¦¦-A^fe.-- /^aUsJ
or by mail. Cures ' f«SC£jj3M^Hr
guarunteed. 731 p^ifflHF^w'
Market street (ele- . -A. '*v$B2£''&
vator entrance). >A \J '^^Sfe'SfcJ
. San. Francisco." •¦ ;, " - s^^jLj^~-^^m* : ef~'
NEW WESTERN HOTBUv
KEAENY" AND WASHINGTON f STS.— RE-
•nqdeled and renovated." * KING. ;WARI> i &
CO. Kuropean plan. Rooms; 50c to $1 60 day;
$5 to, $8 week; $S to $20 month. Free baths;- hot
and • cold water every room; fire grates In everjr
room: elevator runs all nitht.;. 1 -: ;¦.- .;-, ! .. i r:. < -. .
I JSnl Standard remedy for Gleet, y^w I
K^^j Gonorrhoea and Runnings rutnv I I
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- IBULJT 1
¦ -^ " hay and Bladder Trwblet;>!>i^ 1 1 ¦¦COMMITTEEMEN WHO -WILL,
ASSIST TO MAKE THE PRIN
TERS' PICNIC A' SUCCESS.'
THE printers of this city will hold
their annual picnic to-day at El
Campo under the auspices of the
Employing Printers' Association.
The affair has been eagerly looked
forward to for several weeks by those
who are to participate In the event and
no Dalns have been spared to make tne
affair a grand success. A number of the
printing offices and associated trades will
not reopen until next Monday morning.
The committee on games has prepared .
a varied programme and valuable prizes
will be awarded the successful contest
ants.
k The Californian Northwestern Railway
Company has provided ample accommoda
tions to handle the large crowd that will
attend. The steamers Ukiah and James -
M. I>onohue will leave Tiburon ferry at
9:30 and 11:30 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. for- El
Campo.
. ¦ » »
Occidental Kindergarten Outing.
The annual outing of tho Occidental J
Kindergurten Association •was held
Wednesday, May - 22. at the children's
playground, Golden Gate Park.
The Market- Street Railway furnished
free transportation, and owingr^'to the
kindness and generosity of the Park Com-
Send It to Eastern i friends. The. Wasp's
McKinley souvenir. All the events ofithe
President's visit compiled in - sixty : paces
of splendid pictures.- Out to-day; 25c *~: -
$10 35, Ean Francisco to Los Angeles; for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only twenty-six hours en route.
Steamer Santa "Rosa or" Queen from
Broadway wharf every* Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. * Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
P&lace Hotel. ' «
Low Rates— Improved Service.
PROMINENT REPUBLICANS* POR
TRAITS. Pages of them in the Wasp's
Presidential souvenir number. On sale at
all news stands. 25 cents. • •
Removes Homestead Suspension.
\ ibAUA, May 24.— The Commissioner
of tho General Land Office in Washington
has during the past six months suspended
a ». la £ l F e » UI ? be J £ horo^tead entries in
the Visalia land district on the request of
ppecial agents. The Commissioner is now
reversing this action, and to-day relieved
twenty-four of these homestead entrie*
from special suspension ard also from the
effects of prior suspensions of townships
In which the entries are situated. - This is
the result of a decision by the Secretary
of the Interior affirming the action of the
Visalia Land Office in rejecting contests
against such entries for failure to estab
lish residence, the local office holding that
time does not run against en trymen dur
ing the period of suspension, i
TACOMA, May 24.— Judge Hanford of
the United States court handed down a
decision to-day in which he holds that an
assessment to cover, the cost r of street
grading against property not abutting on
the street to. be graded and which is not
benefited equally with abutting property,
equally assessed, is unconstitutional and
void. ¦:vageB&BHBaada
Assessments for Street Work.
in Fresno. «^;"
FRESNO, May 24.— Henry Spencer, a 13
year-old boy. met a tragic death In this
city this afternoon. In play he climbed
an electric pole which carries power to
the Kearney estate and, crawling on
the wires, was electrocuted. Two thou
sand volts passed through his body from
the' right arm to the left leg. Both 'were
horribly burned, and the arm fell off. the
flesh being desiccated. .,
Lad, Meets a Horrible Death
Henry Spencer, a Thirteen- Year-Old
BOY ELECTHOCUTED ON"
. AN OVERHEAD WIRE
VANCOUVER. B. CL, May 24.— J. G. Al
len of Honolulu has just been' released 1
from the New "Westminster Jail . upon
habeas corpus, after a strange detention
of ten months without trial. He was ar
rested last year upon a- charge of theft,
but one of the principal witnesses for the
prosecution disappearing ; his case was
continued from month to month and Allen
was kept in Jail. The habeas corpus ap
plication having been presented to Justice
Walkem, Allen was promptly released
upon his own recognizance.
tains His Release From Cana
dian. Jail.
J. G. Allen, of Honolulu Finally Ob-
HELD A- PRISONER TEN
MONTHS WITHOUT TEIAL
MONTEREY," May 24.— A corps of offi
cials of the United States Geodetic Sur
vey are measuring the streams in this
county, particularly in the Salinas Valley,
to ascertain the feasibility of extensive
irrigation .thereabouts. No report as : to
their findings has yet been made public
Planning for Irrigation.
When in' 1S73 the Canadian Methodist
Mission of Japan was organized Dr. Coch
ran was selected as its chairman, and.
associated with- the Rev. Davidson Mc-
Donald, M. D., and with ¦ Rev. R. S.
Maclay, now of. San Fernando, ¦ began
work as one of the first Methodist mis
sionaries in that ¦ then newly opened em
pire. Dr. Cochran's memory among con
verts in Japan will be long revered and
his work on that land will forever remain
as a monument to his deep and earnest
Christianity. He was an important factor
on the committee which translated the
Bible into Japanese.
LOS ANGELES. May 24.— Rev. Dr.
George Cochran, dean of the college of
liberal arts. University- of Southern Cali
fornia, died, to-day t at: his home In this
city . after a ; ' lingering . illness, "superin
duced by' old age. His end was peaceful,
with his wife and family at his bedside.'
He was 67 years of age.. . : . * ¦ / -
Career of the Famous Missionary
Comes to a Peaceful
1 Close. " t
BEV. GEORGE COCHBAN"
CALLED tO HTS REST
The thrifty bootblacks have, invariably
advanced the fee for a shine "to 10 cents
whenever the State fair season or Legis
lature session has promised a chance for
a harvest, but the new union promises its
members that every day will soon be Sun
day, so far as . the shine tariff j is con
cerned.
It is the purpose of the union to make
the price of a shine, which is now a
nickel on week days and a dime on Sun
days, uniformly 10 cents' throughout the.
week. The announcement has given rise
to considerable alarm, and already, the
young bloods of the town are laying in
supplies to enable them to polish up their
footwear at home. ;
SACRAMENTO, . May 24.— The boot
blacks of the city have applied to Frank
Smith; organizer for the American Fed
eration . of Labor, for a charter for a
union which they have asked him to or
ganize, accompanying: the request with
the proper fee. Smith says that he will
at once obtain for the bootblacks their
charter.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
COMBINE TO RAISE
PRICE OF "SHINES"
City Form a Labor
Union. .
Bootblacks of the Capital
The last Legislature enacted a law au
thorizing suits to be brought by the hold
ers of the- claims who had not received
payment, the intention being that the
judgments should be reported to the next
Legislature so that an appropriation
might be made to satisfy them. The suit
brought to-day represents the first of the
actions to recover under the new law.
Others will doubtless rapidly follow.
Further payments were checked by a
suit to define the scope of the act respect
ing payments. It was a long time before
the Supreme Court decided, it, and in 1895
the Legislature repealed the original
measure. Meanwhile additional claims
had accrued to the amount of $275,000.
SACRAMENTO, May Zi.— Suit was
brought In this county to-day by the San
Francisco Law and Collection Company
against the State of California for the
payment of assigned coyote scalp claims
aggregating $11,770. In 1891, owing- to the
ravages made by coyotes in stock raising
communities, the Legislature passed a law
granting a bounty of $5 on the scalp of
each coyote delivered. It was not long
before enough scalps were produced to
account for all the coyotes that ever
roamed the prairies. In less than a year
the State Controller cashed warrants for
scalps in the sum of $187,600.
Special Dispatch to The Calk
First of a Series of Suits Is
Filed Against the
COURT NOW TO PASS
UPON COYOTE CLAIMS
SAXTA ANA, May 24.— Judge Ballard
of the Superior Court rendered a decision
to-day which knocks out the "social
clubs" recently organized at Fullerton
and Capistrano, presumably -with the
view of evading the new county liquor
ordinance. Judge Ballard in his decision
says:
There are decisions holding that bona-fide
nodal dubs are not required to take out a
license under such ordinances; but the rule
eeems to be well established that where evi
dence ehows that the so-called club was but a
pretense and fraudulent device to evade the
law it. will not avail as defense upon proof
of the violation of the law.
Orange County Superior Judge Puts
So-Called "Social Clubs" Out
' • . of Business.
PETAX.TJMA. May 24.— The Sunset Tele
phone Company and the citizens of Peta
luma are at war. The company is trying
to put up heavy, unsightly telephone
poles along: the main street and the mer
chants have made vigorous protest. Some
weeks ago the Sunset Company started to
rewire- the city and sought permission
from the City Council to set poles along
the principal streets. There was a re
monstrance from a large number of citi
zens, but the opposition was withdrawn
when the company promised to put up
fine looking poles.
The work of setting the poles was com
menced to-<lay, and when the merchants
saw a few of them in place they made a
vigorous complaint to the Mayor, with
the result that all work is stopped and a
special meeting of the City Council Is
called to settle the trouble.
DEFEATS ATTEMPT TO
EVADE LIQTJOR LAWS
Citizens of the Sonoma Town at War
* # ; "With. Sunset Telephone
Company.
PETALTJMAITS OBJECT
TO "UNSIGHTLY POLES
day because the officers of the transport
Rosecrans hauled down the transport's
flag and ran the British flag to the top
of the flagstaff in honor of Queen Victo
ria's birthday. The regulations provide
that the transDort's flag- shall fly under
all circumstances, but permit the flying
of a foreign flag underneath. The latter
course was pursued by the transport War
ren.
The peculiar action on board the Rose
crans is believed to have been due to
carelessness or lack of exact knowledge.
Captain Dobson and several other officers
•were formerly British mariners, becoming
naturalized when the Rosecrans was pur
chased by the Government two years ago.
Several citizens went aboard the trans
port and complained of lack of patriotism
shown in hauling down the American flag.
In consecuence of which the flag was re
stored to its proper position.
British Flag Displaces Old Glory on
American Vessel on Queen's
Birthday.
TACOMA, May 24.— Much indignation
was displayed along the water front to-
TRANSPORT'S OFFICERS
BXTU" UP TJNTON JACK
WOODLAND, May 24.— A large moun
tain lion was killed on Thursday on the
Henry Lewis farm, which is only seven
miles southeast of Capay. Lewis was in
the field alone loading some hay when he
saw a mountain lion croching upon the
limb of a tree. Lewis' only weapon at
hand was an ordinary pitchfork, so he
wisely decided to beat a retreat and ob
tain reinforcements and arms. Charles
Barr, a neighbor, returned with Lewis to
the hay field. In the meantime the wild
beast had not chang-ed its position. Barr's
aim was true and the first shot from his
rifle sent a bullet crashing through the
lion's head and the beast died almost
without a struggle. When weighed it
tipped the scales at nearly 200 pounds.
It has been generally known for some
time that there are a few mountain lions
in the mountains that form the western
boundary of Yolo, but their appearance
in the foothills and on the edge of the
valley Is so infrequent that this incident
caused unusual excitement. •
Rancher Brings Down a Beast Weigh
ing Nearly Two Hundred
Founds. •
MOUUTAnr LION SLAIN"
HJ- THE YOIX) FOOTHILLS
for three hours the house was thronged,
each student being loth to depart until he
or she had personally chatted with the
president. ¦ It was . a time when words
meant the most— this last greeting to the
young people who are soon to turn their
backs upon college days and face the
world, many of them with nothing but
their diplomas and the -reputation of their
alma mater to back them. This was the
spirit of the reception, and every student
was in perfect accord with it.
To-night the Encina Club gave a recep
tion to the graduating- class in its club
jocms. Dancing was indulged in until
midnight
To-morrow morning at 10 o'clock the
senior-faculty baseball game will be
played. The seniors are expected to. ap
pear in fantastic uniforms.
Bo great a success was the extravaganza
given last night— "The Princess of Lee
land" — that the performance will be re
peated next Monday afternoon by request.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 24.—
President and Mrs. Jordan received the
members of the graduating class this aft
ernoon at their commodious home amid
the picturesque oaks. On account of their
recent bereavement the affair was' a quiet
one. Previous years have seen the lobby,;
halls and dining room of Roble Hall lux
uriously decorated for this annual recep
tion, and while -an -orchestra discoursed
music to enliven the scene a gay crowd
enjoyed the hospitality which such occa
sions afford. To-day the scene was differ
ent. The president and his wife, aided by
Drs. Stlllman and Branner, received the
class of more than 1*00 young men. and
women— the largest in the university's his
tory — in a simple yet most cordial man
ner.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
Students Enjoy a Farewell
Chat With University's
President.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan Re
ceive the Stanford
I Seniors.
PARTING WORDS
FOR GRADUATES
Members of the Employers' Association and
Friends Plan a Day of Recreation.
¦¦¦¦¦/. *¦¦,»'.. \ ¦ ¦ - ..' ' ." ¦
PRINTERS WILL ENJOY
AN OUTING AT EL CAMPO
RELATIVES FIND
ABDUCTED GIRL
Search of Twenty-Two
Years Ends in Hum
bolHt County.
• ¦ ¦ ~ ¦ ' — .»
Young Woman's Letter of
Inquiry Brings About
1 a Reunion.
. ¦ ¦¦ ?- ' .'¦:•'.
EUREKA, May 24— Search covering a
period of twenty-two years has been
brought to a close in this county by- tho
discovery at Elk River, eight miles from
thi3 city, of the long missing daughter of
William R. McLaren, a prominent iron
manufacturer of 'Honolulu. When two
years of age the child was abducted at
Honolulu by John D. Coates, alias John
Duncan McDougal, who posed as a Pin
kerton detective. McDougal, claiming to
have been called to Seattle, left the
Islands, taking the infant and promising
to correspond with the father. Failing to
do this, a search was instituted.
Eleven years ago McDougal came to this
county. The girl, then fifteen years of age,
accompanied him. Two montns ago, hav
ing reason to believe that McDougal. was
not her father, and learning- that her rela
tives resided in Honolulu, the young wo
man made Inquiries through the Chief of
Police of Honolulu. McLaren was easily
found and he communicated with his
daughter, Mrs. Marion Hill, of San Jose.
Letters passed, and Mrs. Hill, becoming
satisfied that' the inquirer was her long
lost sister, came fo Eureka on the steamer
Pomona. She found her sister yesterday.
Since coming to this county McDougal
has been known by the name of John D.
Coates. His putative daughter, the girl
he abducted, is now the wife of Frank
Shaw, a farmer of the Elk River district.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made' by. the - Postof fice De
partment and Issue of More, i
Pensions.
¦ WASHINGTON, May 24.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postofflces established: California—Brock
way, Placer County; Eastyard, Contra
Costa County; Pineland, Shasta County.
Washington— Crego, Lewis County. Dis
continued June 29: California— AtWone,
Merced County, mail to Plainsburg.
Postmasters commissioned: Calilornia—
Joseph S. Foord, Rio Vista; John Pick
ford-Jr.. Elmdale; Lucetta Wood, East
yard; Frank B. Alverson, Brockway; Hi 7
ram G. Works, Pineland. Oregon— Walter
Swart, Gibbon. Washington— Olivia I.
Cregro, Crego. : Appointed: California— E.
W. Springsted, Elk Grove, Sacramento
County, vice Joseph Hasinas, removed.
Oregon— F. C. Vader, Lutgens, vice A. H.
Lutgens, deceased; F. S. Brandon, Mer
rill, Klamath County, vice S. E. Martin,
resigned; C. O. '¦ Rice, Pratum, Marlon
County, . vice J.. H. Koltes, resigned.
Washington— J. H. Parker, Pilchuck,
Snohomish County, vice William Bryan,
resigned.
Rural free delivery will be established
July 1 at Highlands, San Bernardino Coun
ty; Cal. Tne postofflces at East s High
lands and Del Rosa will be discontinued;
mail to Highlands. *
These pensions were issued to-day: •Cal
ifornia: Original — Frjvncis Cummings,
San Francisco, $6; Isaiah C. Hoover, Dow
nieville, ?t5; Washington Abbott, Brice
land, $6; James McTeague, 1 , Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12; Philip Maas, San Fran
cisco,. $8. Increase — David Sterling,- Los
Angeles, $8; John Sweeney, San Francisco,
$12; Peter Burke, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $S; William. W.. Johnson, Witch
Creek, $12. Reissue and increase-7-John
Cawley, San Francisco, $10. •-." '^'
Washington : Original — Thomas J.
Green, North Yaklma, ?6. . :.:, A .; '.'
White Succeeds Sutton.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— John. W.
White has been selected to succeed C. S.
Button as auditor of the Santa Fe system
west of Albuquerque. Mr.- White has been
until his promotion chief clerk to the au
ditor of disbursements at Topeka. He will
assume his new duties about June 1.
8
THE SAN FBANG1SOO CALL, SATITBDAY' MAY 25, 1901.
The parishioners of Holy Cross Church
will hold their annual picnic at Mirabel
Park, above Santa Rosa, on Decoration
< day. Great efforts have been made to have
the affair a success and a uleasant time
! is assured those who attend.
Holy Cross Parish Picnic.
mlsslonera the children enjoyed all of the
privileges of the playgfound, Including
hir,cheon. J . ' . !
ADVESTISE2IENTS.
Weak ien
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood .
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mail, j
1 PROF. JULES LABOEDB, .
DISCO YKBEJB OF "CAJLTHOS."
**CAliTHOS" !¦ put before you on its meriti
alone. Try it and put it to the test. Trait Awe.
There la no security required— no C. O. V. scheme.
Send us your name nml address, aud we -will send
Ton enough "CAI/TMOH" to last five days. It
will be sent In a sealed package by mull.'.
. The marTelous French remedy "CA17HIO*"
recently introduced in this country by the VouMohl
Co.. of Cincinnati. Ohio, oue of the largest, richest
and most responsible business firms in the United
States, has attracted the attention of the entire
medical profession becaueo of tbe wonderful cures
It has effected.- If you suffer from Lost Manhood,-
Varicocele, Weakness of any nature in the Sexual .
Organs or Nerves, ( no matter how caused.) or If the
parts are undeveloped or have shrunken or wasted
away *? CALTHOS" •will restore yon. ;
"CAI.THO8" ia the discovery of Prof. Jules I*-
borde. fumed in Paris as France's foremost specialist.
"CALTHOS" is the only remedy recognized by
the medical profession as a specific cure for weak men.
• "CALTHOS" has the endorsement of tbe Ger-
man aud French governments, and is largely used in
the standing armies of those countries.
All correspondence relating to ttie ** CALTHOS**
department of our business is strictly confidential.
; We neither publish nor furnisa testimonials.
Address The VON MOHL CO., 153 B,
l»r»eit Importers of Standard - ' ¦
Preparation! In the V. B. ¦ CINCINNATI, OHIO*
Cl J
f } MARKETlnTS-F
- OCEAN TEA.YEL.
AAA2inIi> tT CT Pik HAWA "- 8AU0A ' NEW -
uceanicvb.io. g^iMsai
'BS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,,
New. Zealand. and Australia.............. v
• '.........¦..........Thursday, May 30. 10 a. m.
BS. ZEALANDIA • (Honolulu only).
:--¦•¦;..:..¦......:..:..'..¦.. Saturday.: June 8,2 p. m.
SS.' AUSTRALIA for Tahiti...................
! . '. .•....¦ ..Sunday, June 30. at 4 p. m.'
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents. 327 MarkatSt
Gen'l Passenger Office, 843 Market St., Piar Kg. 7. Pacific st .
COMPAQNIE GENEKALB THANSATLANTIQUfl
DIRECT .LINE ,TO . HAVRE-PABIS. : -jt^j^ '
Sailing every Thursday, instead of j38r?nnk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from • Dier 42, «»3RMC*Jl
North , River, - foot ¦' of Morton street. . . : La ' Bre-'
tagne, May 30;> La Champagne, June, 6; *La
Lorraine,: June. 13;".»L'AqulUine..' June 20. •--
x First; class to : Havre, $55 and 'upward. Second
class • to ' Havre. ¦ $45 and upward. - GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED : STATES and CAN-
ADA,. 32 , Broadway (Hudson building)," New
York ; -J. : F. .* FUG AZI ¦_ & •'. CO.; ' Pacific . Coast
Agents,". 5 Montgomery avenue, c San • Francisco. !
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket -Agents. ¦•;• i
•Twin : Screw Express Steamers. - ; . !
No others soap in;
•the world is used soV
much ; or sa little of
it goes so fen,
• . . All sorts of people use Pears* soap, au sorts -
of stores sell it, especially druggists. ¦; ; :j\ ¦
.•!-v. i^..v.vHai.iui.:.;-^;.-3^.-^.^;i% i .-.5,':iv ; ;..yL: : r-.'.-i^^v^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . C~~~ -
~1lB§QLUTE SECURITY. I
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of
CCC tf^AOTffrD'O HEADACHE. . QPP
V OLCl bAltl tRu for dizziness.
MlTTIF FOR BILIOUSHESS. • AnlIllI1IP
GENUINE ¦ ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
B PSLLS FOR CO^STIPATIOR. :
WRAPPFR JS_^" FOR SALLOW SKIK. WRAPPFR
WnArrLn lillml Iforthecomplexioh "nArriin
< ''DPK.IISrTEID O3ST K.E3D PAPER."
! • .."OCEAN TRAVEL
I Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
* . FOR ¦
GOLDF1ELDS,
THE STEAMSHIP '
V,CITY OF'PUEBLA
Will Sail '
j From San Francisco May 26
; nnectiiig at Seattle with the Company's Xew
"V and SpIendM Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la*',
rear. . being one ot the first to arrive there,
landing all her. passengers and freight without
s Iofs. mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street. - - ¦*
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A<ts..
10 Market street.
OF? J& RJ OO
Only Stea.xxisli.ii3 XjIito to
PORTLAND, Or.;"
| And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points Cast. - Through ti:kets to all
• points, nil rai' m» «teR»nsihin nnd rail, at
• I«O"«V3E1S < I' aaATETS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL?.
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sallf June 2. 12, 22, July 2, 12
1 SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails May 28, June .7, 17. 27, July 7
I D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Montgm'y.S.F.
! "U'ILD GOOSE MINIXG A~SV> TRAD- j j
, " ING COMPANY. i
i Pasfenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE. J,
TELLER. GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR- t
EXCE. ETC. 1
. SAILS JUNE 1. . j
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
Kenger Accommodations.
i BO Tons Cold Storage Capacity. i
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
.safe discharge of all freight; also owns j ¦
and operates the Wild Goo)<e Ry. ' j
H^avy Machinery. Barpes. Etc.. Taken. » 1
CHAS. CONKLIN &.CO.. 667 ,Marke tj>t. <jj*^
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR
NOME, ST MICHAEL
And All Points on Yokoa Biyer. ;
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. . From Seattle.
May 25.... ....3. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL".... .....June 3
May 25 *S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and lire
etock. No -passengers. . . • ¦- ; "
¦ For rates of passage, freight and . other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
¦ • • 310 Sansome st., San Francisco.-
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW YOKK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0SD0N. PABI8.
Stopping at Cherbourg, ' «restbtfund.
j From New York Every Wednesday,' 10 a. m.
St. Louis June 5 St. Paul July 10
St. Paul. ...... ..June 19 St Louis July 17
St. Louis.. ....... June 26 St. Paul... August 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland June 5| *Vaderland .....June 26
Friesland June 12 Kensington.: July 3
Southwark June 13'*Zeeland July 10
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. •
. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
• CHAS/ D.TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, SO Montgomery st.'
TOYO KISEN KAISHA:
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong ' with steamers for
India," etc. No cargo received on board on
• day of Balling. . -
: 38. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1901
: ES. . HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22. 1901
SS. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passageapply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. s
. W. H. AVERY. General Agent
j PANAMA R,R.^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin.' «1O5; Steerage, *4O, .
8. S. Leelanaw 'sails Monday"; June 3
6. S. Ar&yll sails Monday, June 24
S. *¦». Lee'anaw «nP«t Mond->v. . July- IS
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
" Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific, Coast. Agent. ; ,
HAMBURG-AMERICAN' LINE.
. . Twin-Screw Express, Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-rHAMBURO
COLUMBIA. . ....:.. ..;MAY. 30. 10 A. M.
F. : Bismarck.. ..June Cl A. • .Victoria,'. ... June 20
Deutschland ...June 13| Columbia ~...:.~ June 27
¦ , Twin-Screw Passenger/ Service.*. '.> .
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURGfHAMBURG. ;
•Phoenicia '..I.'.. June 1 .Waldersee. ¦..,;... Juna 13
Patricias. ...... .June 8 *Batavla .... June 22
¦: ••¦ ".."¦. ; 'Sails to Hamburg, direct.-—
rJamburg-Amerlcao Line. "61 B'v/ay, N.,Y.
' HERZOG &CO., General Agents for. Pacific
Ccast, 401 California street. ¦ ¦ , ' :¦¦../
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOR ES
To* Valparaiso, " stopping 1 at . Mexican,' Central
and I South American | ix>rts. ¦ Sailing . Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m. . ' .. .*¦ .. ,.~ ,- ¦
PALENA ...'.^.June 71TUCAPEL ...V.June 27
COLOMBIA :.V. June 12|AREQUIPA'... .July .
These ¦¦ steamers are -built expressly for Cen-
' tral and • South - American passenger - ssrvice
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) : Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.'
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE& CO... Gen. Agents.
BAY AND ' RIVEB STEA1LEB,3
FORU. S. NAVY YARD AND VALIEJO;
;. Steamer." Mbnticelio.", • - " -
MON..; TUES..." WED.. THURS. : AND SAT.
it 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. . (except Thurs-
'dc~ night): Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays
10:80 . a. ' m..' 8 p. m. t Landing . and office/ Mia- '
•ioa-it Dock, . Pier No. 3. v Telephone Main IMS.
oceAit travel.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•^ Steamers leave Broadway
fe>j^ Wharf. San Francisco: ¦ • -
j feSjts-c- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
' WwS&SK ¦¦¦ May'l. 8 - 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. •
i fig^KBJ@?X June 5. Change to company 3
' t%. r&M%fc<a .tprimprH at Seattle.
¦ K&SiSl 'rol For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i Ij3&3£j£&3&31 C.) Port Townwnd, Seattle.
¦ r^^^m racoma. Everett. Anacortes
a n d New TVhatcom (Wash.)—
. li a. m.. May 1. 6, 11. 1« ; . *'.
2B 31 Jun«! 5 and every fifth day thereafter
Change at Seattle for this company's "teameM
oo ma A1 to S N P^Ry- Ht" Va-ncouver^c! K Sy.
C °For Eureta S"Humboldt B f y-l:30 p. m
May 3 8. 13 *18. 23. 28. June 2 (*4 P- m.). ana
every fifth day thereafter. "a.-.i Tiar-
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
• Feles)-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m..
steamer Santa Kosa. Sundays 9 a. m j
For Los Angeles,, calling at Santa Cnw.
Monterey. Ean Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Fe-
dro. •Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo^ del
Cabo, Mazatlan/ Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a..m., 7th each
month. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
For further - information obtain company s
The company reserves the right to chango
Fteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICK15T OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). !
. GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
r —^^^r'-r—-^ j
• . t
All about the Burlington Over !
land Excursions. * V ' I
It contains a map of the
United, States ; time-tables ;
* [ illustrations j of f the exterior- "
and interior of .Burlington*
tourist sleepers as well as a j ,
great deal of inforraation likely \'
to be of Value to persons 1 go-
ing east, fe
Free at Southern Pacific
ticket offices.
The Burlington Overland Excursions ¦
leave Los Angeles Mondays and Wednes-
days ; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas'
City, St. Louis and beyond. -\ .
m_i— ._ i_ -n V * D " SANBOllJr '
IjTj^^^??^]] Gcn'l Agent,
|kfcS*g^wMJ 631 Market St., j
Santa Fe
I ITclinS— -Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
'I Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
• Dally. Dally. Daily. Pally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p -
• Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p (
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a \
" Hanford . 4r62p 3:27 p 7:06 a 5
•' Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a v
"'¦Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"Bksfield . 6:50p 5:20p 7:30 a .......
" Kan City. ........ 2:41a 7:30a I..:...
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
' a for morning:, p for* afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited "*
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnin?
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class • passengers. No second-class "
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond! T
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through "Palace and Tourist Sleepers and c
free Reclining Chair , Car. " also - Palace
Sleeper, .which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.'
7 :20 a. ' m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping ' ;
k at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. in. dally
Of flees— «41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway
Oakland. . ... ** [
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
';<• Via Sausallto Ferry. - _
Commencliur April 2S. -1901
FROM SAX FRAK ? SCO A TO A M iLLy ALL E T :
WEEK DATS— 6:55; 8:30, »9:30, 11-00 a. m '
12:45, 'IMS. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 6:45 p m - ' !
- EXTRA TRIPj^-For Mill Valley and San ~
Rafael on - Mondays. Wednesdajs, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p m Batu ™ ay »
SUNDAYS— 7:00,- 8:00. "9:00, *10:00.' Il-oo"l1>«i <;
a. m.. 12:45; «l:30 2:|), 5:00. eToo. 7-M "
SuSdas *" m ' d0€S ' not run t0 San Rafael
: Trains marked {•) run to San Quentln »' !
FROM SANRAFAEL.TO SAN nuwWft ~
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6^. 7:47 J-m P 10-?i •
a. m.. -12:25, 1:15. 2:20. •3:33. 4:40, 5-30r7'm -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays wJn-Vrt.v.
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10 £0 p " » e r n *" dajr " „
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 'SiOO, 9:45, m-OO-i • w, «i« -
m.. m l:00. 2:15. nOB. 4:30. '5:45. • sitt. V.£-\ O £ [i
Trains marked (•) start from Ran »->,,.„?• t
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRAXcfSno' v
SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. ll-ib 7/ _•„.,- I
1:10, 2:30. 3:43. 8:00. 6:15. 7:15. iom c^n™' Vila ' I
- .THROUGH TRAINS. P-m -- • "" - g
tioM. a ' m " da >»~Cazadero.and Wsta- |
Uoiut P " m Saturday9 - i .Ca*idero;- and* way' ,ta- *
5:15 p. m^week days (Saturdays 'excetitedi ' d
Tomaleo and way stations
?«^ m * Sund& >"»-Cazadero i and way station..' *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY =
VUStuMUtorerry-lroot^JtwkMS^ :.- i
iISp.m: j" -WEEK' DAYS...- < ?£~&
8-00 A. Ml Ptl^BBm rio : !- A ' M ' f
10-00 a" Ml 1:14p.M." J
1:30p.m. ' ¦ l^ 11 - 11 ; 5
:Tick;t r officS^^r1^^^:!!^!^ r : M ' i
BAI1WAY TBAVEL. ,
¥ ' Just a litjlc better ', »
I than any other train %
a —a little better service— g
U a more homelike S
i feeling on the ||
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED I
than you find e!sewhere.|||| B
and it runs like this 9
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO , |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed 5
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO |
jr_ J
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train- ¦•»«* ~ "J,.,"j[^, J; i.«»«:o.
: (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.;
WT « - gup* Mat K. 1301. - a*kit»
?>3Oa Benicia. Sutauu, Elmira. V»o»Tfll«.
Ramsey »ml Sacramento Tioor
ii3OAD»Tis, Woodland. KnighU Landing.
. MarjSTille, Orotille •:•:.—; .Z'S,*
7<3O* Atlantic Kxpresa-Ogden and East lSi*3*
»:OOa Msrtinwc.SaaKaiMoU'.VftlleJO.Nap*. __
C»U»tog»audSmutaUosa -ISXl
S:OOa NUes, Lathrop, Stockton........."- ***£»
»:«Oa NHes, Mendota, Fresno, Hanford.
, ViiUia. Porterrille ••—•;v' * :53f
•>S«a Shaata Express— Datte, Williams (for
Bartlett SpringsX WUlowa. Bed •
Bluff. Portland. 7:S«*
. IiSOa 8»u Jose, LiTennore. Stockton,
lone. Haerameuto. Placertille.
M»r>sf ille. Chloo, lle«l »!«« -ii*3r
•:3Oa Oakdale. Chinese (Yosemlte). So- 4taa
»:OOa Hay^riirNi™s*nd"Wa"j'staUons'.*. I1:»»A
»:OOaLos Aiweles Express — Martluex,
Tracy. Latlirop. .Stockton. Merced
Frenio and Los Anireles J 1 ??*
ttSOjt Vallrjo. Marlluoz ami Way Stations »i»»* .
I O:O»A The Orerland Limited— Ogdeo. Den- ¦
?er. Omaha. Chicago ,.... , ?'!!«?
fl:OOr Saeraiueiitn Klrer Steamers '•£„*•
3:3Or Ilaywatd. Nilrsand Way Buttons.. 7:Hir
4iw»r IteuicU, Winters. Haeranieuto.
\Voo<tl»nd, KniiihU ljuidlug. ¦
. M»rTSTlllc. Orot Ille 10:03a
<!«»p Martltiex, Han lMmon, Vallejo,
Napa. <!»lli!ti»|fi*. Hanta llosa ••*«*•
J:OOp Nl!es. IjTerraore, Stockton. LtnU... 12 '«»
I •!:»<»*< Harvard. Miles. Man J«vae, liTcrmora ?»••»»*.
J 4:3Up Port Cos a.Tracj. Lathrop, Stockton 1«»:*3a,
1 5:«M>r The Owl Limited— Kresuo, Tulare,
! lUkersBal.l. Sanpis ft* SauU i»ax-
i bara. Los Aiiceles j-.- «:»»*
I 3:OOr Martin' z. Anticch. Stockton. Mer- •„
I oed.Freano J5 S 5?S
, 5:rio,T M emite XXittSr
5:30 j» New Orleans Express— Mendota,
' Fresno, Bakersneid, Los Angeles,
; Doming. El Paso. New Orleana
i • and East I*??*
i 8:OOp Hayward. Nile* aud Han Jos« .I 4 *? 4
fOiOOr Valleit. 11:934
! fliOwr Oriental Mall-OgUen, Chejenne.
: Omaha. Cbloago 1»:8»P
• atOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver. - __
! Omaha. Chicieo. .¦*'*>»
I 7iOOr Oregon aud California Ksprea»,Mae-
| ntineiitii. Marrvllle. ICmliltuic, ¦
! furlramt, 1'iiget Noiiml ami Kasl 8:!t9A
! Sinn r San Pab'o. l*»rt C'oata. Jlirtiaer
¦Ml Wa» .Statlous ll>a»A
t«iOSp Vallrj.. 7;a.>p
COAST LINE (Narrow Ua»se).
(Koot of Market Street,)
f: > • y a Santa Cinz Kxcun'ou to .-"aata Cruz
! and Princ'pal Way Stations t %sO5*
> 8:1.1a Newark.tViiti:rillli',.Saij.lcw«,H'«'ltoii,
1 Boulder Creek.-Sanla Crux aud Way
i Stations 3.3»»
glSalBv Newark, Cei.tertltl.-. Salt .lose. N»w
' , Alimuieu. Fnlttiu. Itnnldar Creek,
Santa Cm aud 1'iincipal Way
Stations !•••••*
IjijMr Newark, Man Jose. Los Gatos j jio-Jio*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY., '
j rrtaSH FRtRClSCO— Hot *t Mirkit Stre.i (SU> 8)—
! ' }7:15 i 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:33 5:15r.u.
ffjaOllUlO— rut»HJt»»iJw»j.— 1«:00 UM 13:05
10:00*. ¦¦ - 12:C3 8:03 4:03 r.u.
COAST IilNE (ltroail IJansi.).
(Third and TowusenU 8U.)
«:I«a San Jose and Way Stations. ' 9 *'-*°r
17:«Oa .San Jw>inl Way SUU..I.0 Ii3»r
t7::niA Sunday Excursion for Sao Jcte.
«ar.t» Craz. P<d9c Grove and
Principal Way Sutions ;S:30>>
BiOOaSiiu Jose.' Tres Pino*. Nunta i'tnr.,
Paeiilc Urore, calinis. Han Lois
Ob"spo ami Prindpai iiitermedUta
SUti..iiH -all •?
1O:H«a San Jtse and Way Stations. 7:3up
/H»:3ua Hen A1.iiu.1hii / 3:30p
I Ii:M»a «an Jose anil Way MUtlnns SiHOr
fSi-iap San Matco, Uedwood, Menlo Patk,
. Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Bail Jiuie. ' . -
Tres Pinoa. Hanta Crux, Kallnaa.
Monterey ami l'acinc GroTa tl«:4.T%,
*:S«p San Jose and Way SUllons 6:3» A
' HllSr San Jose an. I Principal Way Stations »:-4S.
43:OOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations fD-.OOA
S:3Or San Joan and Principal Way Stations 8:35a,
.' OiOOr Bedwosd. Ran Josn. Gflroy. SaOnas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03a
6:00? Pel Monte, Monterey, Pacific Qrore,
Lompoc......... 1OiO5a
6:3»r San Joae aud Way Stationa t »:•»<»*
alli<.-ip San Joe« aud Way Stations.. 7=3Oy
A for Honiingr. "J; - P for Afternoon.
t Similar etcepted. t Srmdur only.
- a Saturday only. . , / Tnesdtys and Fridays.
GALffORBU HORTHIESTEM RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY, COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, U:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, (i:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. . .
STJND ATS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9:9). 11:10 a. m.; 12:C,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
ana £:35 p. rn.
S V^ DATS ~ 8:10 « 9:40 « U:10 a - '*»•: *5«f * : * 0 -
S:05. 6:25 p. m.
. Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April la. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week J Sun-. I ¦ I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:CO pm Santa Rosa.. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am ' ¦ Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 amj 5:00 pml Hcpland 110:40 am!10:K am
3:30 pm[ 8:00 am( and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 110:40 amllO:25 am
- I 3:C0 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
• 3:30 pm| t:00 pm . | 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am .. Sonoma I 9:13 ami 8:40 am
* [ I and 1 . I
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmf 8:20 pm
7:30 am} 8:00 ami ' ¦ . " •¦ " [10:40 am 1 10: 25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa' Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and "White Sulphur Spinrss; at Fulton
for'Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geycervllle for Skaggs Springs : at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: . at Holland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs. - Uri>er Lake, Porno. Potter. Valley
John Day's. Riv«rrslde. Lier!ey*s, Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights.. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. "West-
port. Usal. "Wlllits, Laytonvtlle. Cummina
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced mil i "ini'irl«[>"sii^«aimi»^|ii l t>.
On Sunday round trti> tickets to all polnt»
beyond San Rafael -at hair rates. »»«»«
Ticket OfHce, 630 Market street. Chronicle
BulMin™.
H. C. WHtTIKG. ~~~ R. x RTA>T
> Pen. Manager/ Gen. . Pass. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1. 62 «. KEABST ST - Established
| In 1S3» for the treatm*.ijt of l'rivnta
I DUcaxes, I^wt Manhood. Debility or
¦2wf a^*, wenrln <L on »>ody an«t mlntlanct
¦ Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
Bothers fall. Try htm. Charges low.
I»r. J. y. «JICno\. an, Francisco. CaL
•CaU,$l.op per Yea rA WELL-KNOWN RESIDENT !
- OF THIS CITY WHO DIED ON
THURSDAY.
The Vereln Eintracht will hold its an
nual picnic and excursion to-morrow at
Sunset Park. All sections of the Verein
will take part, and a good time Is assured.
VeTein Eintracht Picnic.
Arthur McCloskey,;the young man who
was arrested on the. night .'of 'May 13 .'for
snatching a. satchel containing 5145 from
Mrs. Lena S. Kennedy of 229 Geary street,
was sentenced yesterday by 'Judge Mogan
to six months in 'the County Jail on the
charge, of petty larceny and. six months
for carrying a concealed weapon. The
original charge against McCloskey - was
grand larceny, but Mrs. Kennedy made
such a strong plea 'for mercy, owing . to
the fact that the defendant stated he was
driven to the crime by hunger, that the
minor charge was substituted. Mc-
Clo*key's ' real name is Arthur Deming,
and he belongs to Leadvllle, Colo. " -
McCloskey Is Sentenced.
Hugo Landecker, a broker at 118 Mont
gomery street, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. The complaining witness is John
D. Hoey, 327 Montgomery street, who al
leges that he had a gold nugget stolen
from his watch chain, which he later saw
in Landecker's window. He asked Lan
de-cker to allow it, to remain in the-win
dow till he could prove ownership, but
when he went back Landecker said he
had mislaid it.
Trouble Over a' Nugget-
Girls' High School" Reunion.
'The Alumni .Association^ of ", the San
Francisco Girls' .High School Is to hold
its first annual reception and "high jinks",
at' the. school auditorium on the afternoon
of Saturday, June 1. Air graduates are In
vited-and an enjoyable occasion Is ex
pected.: , , ' '¦¦¦¦•..' ' : ' ¦'."¦
Efficiency of Fenders Discussed;
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
yeeterday took up the question of the effi
ciency of the fenders and brakes used by
various car companies. Chairman Bran
denstein explained that it was desired to
ascertain If the* device adopted two years
aeo is the most practical and the best ror
the purpose. Representatives from the
Union Street, Market Street, Sutter Street
and California Street Railway companies
were present, and each contended that his
fender was eafe. Sur>ervlsor Braunhart
favored the repeal of all former ordi
nances and the passage of a new bill In
consonance with the State law. The com
mittee decided to resume the investigation
next Friday, when it will consider the bill,
which provides that every dummy or car
shall have a suitable fender attached, be
tides a. brake capable of bringing such car
to a stop within a reasonable distance.
RABBI MYERS CONFIRMS
BRIGHT BOYS AND GIRLS
Interesting Services at the Bush-
Street Synagogue Conducted,
by Children.
Sixteen young people were confirmed by
Rabbi Myers at the Bush-street Syna
gogue yesterday morning. The occasion
was the "Feast of Weeks," which was
celebrated in all the synagogues through
out the city. The sacred edifice was
crowded with the parents and friends of
tho children. Flowers were used' in pro
fusion and the interior of the synagogue
presented a beautiful appearance.
Th© candidates for confirmation were a
credit to their teacher, Rabbi Isldor
Myers. They read from the Torah, or
sacred scroll, chanted prayers and deliv
ered addresses that were as Interesting
as they were surprising. An augmented
choir under the direction of Mrs. E. Ten
ney rendered several selections during the
services. ; The members of the choir were:
Mrs. J. *M- Jacobi, Misses Martha Bloch,
Blanche Cahen, Ray Delvalle, ,. Hilda
Green. Emma Kahn,' Sophia Loeb, Char
lotte Morris, Bertha Riese, Celia Samuels,
Viola Samter, Ida Wolf e; " organist, Pro
fessor F. Delleoiane. •
The candidates who were confirmed
were: Rose Block, Fernand Bloch, Mabel
Ccblentz, Bella de Costa, Milton Haas,
Milton Harris, George Katz, Bertha La
ser, Joseph Left", Florence Levy, Melville
Levy, Julius I Loeb, ' Mabel Rothenberg,
Henry Rudee, Abe Schneider, Seymour
Schneider. *
In the closing address Rabbi Myers
spoke of "God's Army," and in part said
that the Israelites were organized Into a
great army by Mose* at the base of Mount
Sinai thousands of years ago, and that
they were sent into the world to fight
against Ignorance, superstition, oppres
sion. Idolatry and immorality. He said
that during the centuries this army has
been marching from country to country,
living, suffering and dying for the faith.
He urged the co-nflrmants to> rally around
the Jewish- flag, - on which was written
"The I<ord Is One," and to take the intelli
gent Jewish weapons of faith, knowledge,
purity and love and to live by their exam
ple as a protest against everything that
tends to degrade human beings.
Lectures on Alaska.
An interesting: Illustrated lecture was
delivered last night at Metropolitan Tem
p!e under the auspices of the California
Camera Club by John P. Clum. United
States Postofflce Inspector, on "Trails and
Gold Fields of Alaska." The views that
were displayed gave a very adequate idea
of the scenery and topography of the
northern gold fields. The lecturer was
listened to by a very large audience. His
address was divided into two parts "and
during the intermission a. humorous recit
ation was rendered by B. I. Barnett. ;
Order of Red Men Sells Property.
A deed was filed in the Recorder's Office
yesterday whereby the Improved Order of
lied Men conveyed to the Union Trust
Company the property on Poet street be
tween Stockton and Powell. The consid
eration mentioned is fllO.000.
RETAIL LIQUOR-DEALERS
OKGAJSTIZE ASSOCIATION
Adopt Lines Followed by Tammany
Hall for Political and Other
. . : Reasons.
The retail liquor dealers of San Fran
cisco have organized on the lines adopted
by Tammany Hall in New York for mu-'
tual protection. Articles of incorporation
of the organization, which will be known,
as the California Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion, were filed yesterday. It is the pur
pose of the association to have a member
in at least every Assembly district. If not
in every precinct of the city, to care for
the political and other interests of the
association. The work of organization will
also be carried on throughout the State,
It being announced that organizations
have already been effected in Vallejo,
Watsonvtlle, Oakland, Sacramento, Stock
ton, Sen Jose and Los Angeles. . i .->
The directors of the association are: E.
L., Wagner, president; Harry Cousins,
vice president; William Clack, recording
secretary; Morris Levy, financial secre
tary; Oscar Hocks, treasurer; Charles
Kaufmann, sergeant at arms; J. W. Lar
sen, John E>. Coghlin, H. M. Plant. J. W.
Crowe, J. J. Boyle, F. N. Bent, J. Ethen,
James L. Ward, Charles L. Ward.-Charlesi
L. Adams. M. F. O'Connor, Frank Dunn,
Charles L. Fisher, William Laib, M. Lud
wlg, T. Lunstedt, I. Michel, Charles
Mitchell, Thomas H. Lindsay and James
Calrnes.
Appropriation for Clean ing Streets.*
Auditor- Wells has sent a communication
to the Board of Supervisors In which he
directs attention to the fact that the rec
ommendation of the Finance Committee
to set aside $196,900 for sweeping and
sprinkling streets Is too high by |20,000.
The Auditor suggests that the difference
should be used for public improvements.
The communication says:
"My attention has been called to the
fact that the Board of Public Works has
entered into new contracts for the \ per
formance of the work at figures much less
than the present contracts. which«will ob
viate the necessity of so large an appnH,
prlation for such purposes as that recom
mended by your honorable Finance Com
mittee, to wit, $196,900.. In estimating the
amount that will be necessary under the
new contracts I have based it on the num
ber of working days In the year and apply
ing the amount to the area over which
such work has been performed, and mak
ing a liberal allowance for the remainder
of the fiscal year, the amount necessary
will be about $176,000."
Two Sudden Deaths.
Rudolph A. Muller, 65 years old, was
found dead at 6 o'clock yesterday morning"
in the yard of his residence, 42 West Mis
sion street. He had been sick for some
time. Apoplexy is believed to have been
the cause of his death.
Mary E. .Brown, a confirmed morphine
and cigarette victim, died suddenly yes
terday at her residence, 1318 Hampshire
street. •" ¦' •; '.'..,
McLaughlin Brothers on Trial.
The trial . of . Alfred . and ; Daniel Me-
Laughlln on the charge of assault to mur
der for nearly killing Police Sergeant John
Lewis of.-the Potrero- on March 16 was
commenced before Judge B. T. Williams
in Judge Cook'8; court yesterday/ A* jury
had not . been • secured . when | an adjourn
ment was taken till this morning:
The former residence of- Captain Mahan.
at the southwest corner of Eddy and
Broderick streets is a source of much an
noyance to the residents of the neighbor
hood. • - - - ¦;•-¦ - • - ¦ •
Several months ago a flre partially de
stroyed the house, and since that time
numbers of tramps have made it their
headquarters. The house Is close to Cal
vary Cemetery, find the tramps steal into
it late at night and make the night hide
ous with their revelries.- This is not the
worst, however, for the men are very par
tial to milk and bread. In the early hours
of the morning they raid the neighborhood
and steal all the milk and bread left on
doorsteps in the locality.
The residents complain that they have
reported the matter to the police, i but
that no effort has been made to abate- the
nuisance. The tramps are now getting so
bold that they saunter around in the
morning and ask the neighbors . to give
them hot coffee for ' breakfast.
TRAMPS IN WESTERN
ADDITION GROWING BOLD
Make an Unoccupied Residence 'Their
Headquarters and Terrorize
the Neighborhood.
'rr OHN CUNNINGHAM, one; of the
I oldest and most trusted employes
I of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
0j/ . trie Company, - passed away on
Thursday after a short illness. His
death Is sincerely regretted by his em
ployers and fellow workers, who esteemed
him greatly. For forty ' years he had
worked for the corporation and a moro
faithful man could\not be found in ¦ the
works. He built all the retorts used by
the gas company and his work was so
valuable that he was sent all over the
State to. perform similar services. V
..Deceased came to this city -In .I860.-- He
had been employed by the' Manhattan Gas
Company of New York and was sent here
A progressive whist party was given by
Miss Alzadia Morris on Monday. May 13,
at her home, -1837 Green, street. ¦ Among
those present were Mrs. C. R. Morris,
Mrs. Alfred . Lane, .Mrs. .; Ulmer, Mrs.
Swartzel, Mrs.' George Foster, Miss Alza
dia Morris, Miss Nellie Cane, Miss Hat
tie Teague.fMlss Mabel S. Watts, Mrs.
F. B. Burnell' Miss Carrie Ulmer,* Mrs.
H. C. Smith, Mrs. J. Lincoln.':
-Among the passengers who sailed on the
Hamburg-American- liner express steam
ship Auguste i Victoria from New York,
May 23, were the following from the Pa
cific Coast: Dr. A. Barkan. G. H. Thomp
son, .Miss M. F.- Thompson, • Carl- Plaut,
Mr. and Mrs. -F. Frohman, Mr.' and iirs.
L. Shilling, Mr. and Mrs. A. Kutner, N.
Goldtree, M. Pel foil, Mr. and Mrs. E. Bar
tele, Master Bar$ele, G. S. Gay, G. > S.
Gay Jr., J. Platshek, M. J. Platshek, . S.
Well.. --="i*. ' . ¦.»¦• •.*'-' is*' »-**UE.ffi6«|
The following will sail on the Hamburg-
American line steamship Pretoria from
New York to-day: C. C. Hilbert, Mrs. A.
Heymans, Master Ernest Hey mans. Miss
Anita- Heymans, W. Josephson.i Mrs. M.
C. T Wagner, Mr. and Mrs.' 'Ivan jTscher
noff, Henry Hanlsch. ¦¦¦:. .
. Mr. and Mrs. L. D.' Staples celebrated
their ' china wedding at their residence,
1360 Folsom 1 street, on the 22d .inst. An
elaborate musical programme was the
feature of the evening. : .
A pleasant birthday surprise party was
given ,to ! Warren J. Tyson at his home,
2619 Twenty-first street, Tuesday evening.
May 21. The . house was decorated with
ferns and flowers and the evening | was
passed with music, jsongs and games.
Among the guests were Mr. and Mrs. Ja
cob "Tyson.— Mr.— and -Mrs.— John Morchlo,'
Mr. arid Mrs." James B. Tyson, George
Fagen, Miss May L.E. Magill,. Joseph J.
Shaw, Miss May Muldoon, Angelo RosSl,
Miss G. Allen, Raymond Tyson, Miss Eve
line Mars. Miss "Violet Mars, F. Bergez,
Miss Ada Sollberger, Pete Matrig, Mr. and
Mrs. Warren J. Tyson, J.- Everett Sharp,
Miss Lela Gehrig, Edgar Mayers, Mls3
Scott, Al Williams. Miss Tieten, Martin
Welsh, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Burns. •
The New Dramatic Society on Wednes
day evening, May 15, under the direction
of W. G. Sass, made a hit in the perform
ance of the three-act comedy, drama, "A
Noble Outcast." "What's Next?" a three
act comedy, -is in preparation and will be
given in July. \ „ > < •¦ '
On Thursday, May. 23, the ark Caspian
was successfully j launched from the foot
of Second street.' Promptly at r 6:02p. -m
pretty little Ethel Thomas, daughter of
C ¦ Thomas, the builder, broke the bottle
ah'd the . Caspian glided swiftly into the
waters : of the bav- ¦ The owners, '- F. v , F.
Anthes and A. Euler, will have her towed
to, Belvedere, where she will remain dur
ing the summer. . '¦ , • , ,'
Mr. and Mrs. H. Gutstadt announce the
engagement of their daughter. Bertha, to
David Stamna of thia- city. They -will, re
ceive Sunday, June €, from 2 to 5 p. m.,
at their residence, 618 Fell-street. v ."¦
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The matter of the return of ball money
has assumed a phase that may lead to the
courts being called upon to decide the
problem as the proper method to be
adopted' in- future". • Several wealthy Chi
nese who have thousands of dollars in the
hands of the City Treasurer deposited for
bail money came to the Hall of Justice
yesterday to make arrangements for the
commencement of mandamus proceedings
to compel the Treasurer to release the
money in His keeping.
Judge Mogan received a letter yesterday
from Supervisor Brandenstein, who intro
duced the ordinance, which was passed to
print, providing for the auditing of de
mands against bail money by the Auditor,
stating that Reuben Lloyd, attorney for
the Auditor, had advised the latter that
the ordinance was invalid/which is in di
rect opposition to the opinion of the City
and County Attorney.: The latter has just
returned from a trip ¦ East, and he and
Attorney. Lloyd will meet In a day or two
to discuss the matter. Brandenstein
thought some action would be taken at
the meeting of the Board of Supervisors
on Monday. : .-
Compel the Return of Bail
Money.
Preparing to Take Legal Action to
CHINESE TO MANDAMUS
TREASURER BROOKS
Mr. Cunningham was a. native- of Ire
.land; aged 77 years. He came to America
as a,boy and was brought up in Montreal,
Canada. He later went to New York and
subsequently moved to this State. . His
wife died twelve years ago, and. he will
be burled by- her side in Holy Cross Ceme
tery. A solemn requiem mass will be cele
brated in St. Jlose's Church next Monday
for the repose of his soul. Eight children
survive him. They are Jameb, John. Mary
j and Charlotte. Cunningham, . Mrs. W. H.
'Chenoweth, Mrs. B. ¦ C: Levey, Mrs. J.
MacLennon and Mrs. J. S. Slatteryr-
a month aeo. It is believed that the In-'
activity told on the aged man. He would
sit on his steps at 841 Harrison street and
watch the men coming from. work and re
gret that he was not among them. S On
Wednesday last he was confined . to his
bed and Dr. Dillon was called in to at
tend him, but despite the physician's ef
forts he passed away the following night.'
Death Is attributed to congested lungs. ..
Mr. Cunningham was taken sick three
months ago. He suffered from asthma,
but ¦was able to attend to his dU"tles until
to superintend the building of the retorts
in the- local gas works. He continued : in
the employ of the company and proved
invaluable. . . ¦
best be-alleviated.
the lecture. The lecturer spoke in a hu
morous \-eln of the peculiarities of the
Irish people as a race and related many
Incidents of the spontaneous wit for which
Irishmen are noted.
He dwelt at length on the troubles with
¦which the Irish people have been afflicted"
and he also described the remedies by
which he thought these troubles could
speaker arose to begin his address not a
seat wa* vacant In the hall.
Stereoptlcon views of some of Erin's
most interesting historical scenes, her
beautiful hills and lakes, of the University
of Dublin and a number of Ireland's most
noted statesmen were used to illustrate
ture was under the auspices of the Young
Men's Christian Association, and when the
lecture delivered last night in the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium by Rev. F. W. Clampett,
D. D.. rector of Trinity Church. The lec-
"Ireland and the Irish People" was the
subject of an entertaining and humorous
Eev. F. VT. Clampett lectures Under
Auspices of the Young Men's
Christian Association. >--
TALKS OF IRELAND .,.* :
AND THE 'IRISH PEOPLE
» • :
The Board of Public Works, yesterday
sent out a force of inspectors, who caused
all the big corporations except one to stop
trench work on the public streets. This ¦
action was taken because the companies
have refused to comply with the ordi
nance passed by the Board of Supervisors
April 29. last, which prohibits the breaking
up, digging up', disturbing, undermining
or digging under any public street, lane, i
alley, place or court m any manner or ror ;
any purpose without a permit from the i
Board ot Public Works arid the deposit of
fees for the inspection and supervision of >
the work.
The only company whose workmen were
not disturbed was- the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company, which has agreed to
abide by the provisions of the ordinance.
The board on May 21 addressed a com
munication to that corporation, also to
the Equitable Gaslight Company, the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, In
dependent Electric L.ight and Power Com
pany, Mutual Electric Light Company and
Martel Power-house, acquainting them
¦with the provisions of the ordinance and
stating that the board would adopt such
measures as would enforce compliance
with the law. The Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company replied to the communica
tion as follows: .
. We desire to know if It will be necesiary for
us to get a new permit for every service run
or whether we can receive a general permit
from the Board of Works and continue to
notify you whenever we expect to- lay a main
or run a service, f also whether we can make a
general deposit in advance for fees.
In answer to this letter the board stated
that the deposit of a general fee monthly
would be allowed and the difference would
be returned at the end of each month
should the deposit be excessive. The board
also decided to issue a general permit for
trenching work.
The corporations which have not com
plied with the ordinance claim that the
measure is unconstitutional and it is un
derstood they will test it in the courts..
The beard proposes to arrest any one vio
lating the ordmftnee and thus the matter
will be brought to an issue. In the mean
time householders will be deprived of
service pipes from the water company and
some gas companies until the disputed
point Is settled.
No Service Pipes Until tb
Dispute Is Settled by
Courts.-
Corporations Refuse to
Comply With New
Ordinance.
BOARD STOPS
TRENCHING WORK
Mr.' Frederick, having done the right
thing, i may now present himself ! for an
other, examination for a mate's license,
the. sea. experience which he has now had
being" genuine and not a pretended quali
fication as on the former occasion.
Dear Sir: i Please. find Inclosed my mate's li
cense, "which I surrender for cancellation, hav
ing obtained the same four, years ago by mis
representation. Not I having sufficient experi
ence I. was led to believe It an easy matter to
supply any., deficiencies ¦ In * my education. I
have always led an honest life, and having a
family of little ones dependent- on my labor
for support, the fear of exposure has always
been a burden.. .This is the . only mistake In
my life, and I sincerely hope to keep my fam
ily from shame by correcting, as much as pos
sible, the wrongd.oing of an overambltious na
ture. - Yours sincerely, *
y ¦ : ROBERT FREDERICK. _ -
¦Robert Frederick of this city is not a
Micawber waiting for ; something, to -turn
up, but he Is the kind of a man who goes
and does the upturning himself. ¦ - .
[Fouryears ago, not being T engaged in a
very ; lucrative | or wholesome occupation^
ho determined to take' a long sea .voj-age
for the betterment of his health. ; He could
not very weirtake'a trip around the world
as a passenger , he did not
the necessary -money, '^ but he hit upon' a
brilliant idea. He paid the fee for, a : course
in navigation in a^school in this -city, and,
being an; intelligent man with' a good ed
ucation,] graduated as a book sailor, wit!*
out experience; but knowing, theoretically
all about the , ways of , those that go down
to the sea in ships.' .After} receiving his
diploma he appeared before ; CaDtaln ' O.
F. Bowles. United States Local Inspector,
of Steam Vessels, and took an examina
tion and came out with. a very high per
centage and with flying colors; - ,;-¦;
; But in order to receive the license sought
it was necessary that he should have, bad
experience as mate on. board a vessel; and
Frederick was obliged to misrepresent his
case. The license was issued and for the
past four- years he "has been earning bis
living as mate and pilot on .vessels around
Coos Bay. :•.-..*¦ <->¦'. • ¦ ' ; ¦
|[ Captain Bolles recently heard that Fred
erick had never had any sea experience
prior,to the 1 issnance-of the license and
wrote to Frederick, who replied by return
ing his license, together with the follow
ing letter: ' - , ' • " ,' -
Passes a Creditable Examina
tion, Although^ Wholly ¦;
Lacking Experience.
Robert Frederick Admits
: Was t Obtained •
by Deceit.
GIVES UP HIS
MATE'S LICENSE
Those present were President Newhall
and Wiliiam M. Bunker of the Chamber
of Commerce, A. Sbarboro of th© Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, G.
W. McNear of the Merchants' Exchange,
Thomas B. Parsons of the Board of
Trade. F. W. Dohrmann of the Mer
chants' Association, General N. P. Chip
man of the California State Board of
Trade, James B. Taylor of the Oakland
Board of Trade and Frank R. Devlin of
the Chamber of Commerce of Vallejo.
President Newhall spoke of the import
ance of the visit of the committee, and
said that every endeavor should be made
to receive the committee properly and
give the members an adequate idea of the
benefits to be derived from river and har
bor improvements in this vicinity. The
discussion of plans ¦was not entered into
in detail, but al! present agreed that every
effort should be made to secure govern
mental assistance now that eo fitting an
opportunity was given for the presenta
tion of the claims of this section.
A resolution was passed providing that
at the next meeting of the body an invi
tation should be extended to the Califor
nia delegation to be present at the time of
the visit cf tfie Rivers and Harbors Com
mittee and co-operate with the represent
atives of the mercantile bodies in enter
taining the visiting Congressmen.
The following committee was appointed
for the purpose of making definite ar
rangements: W. M. Bunker (chairman),
A. Sbarboro. G. W. McNear, Thomas B.
Parsons, General N. P. Chipman, Frank
Devlin, J. R. Freud. Marshall Hale,
Craigie Sharp ind Major Hardy.
\ •
Representatives of . the . different com
mercial bodies of San Francisco and vicin
ity met at the Chamber of Commerce yes
terday for the purpose of discussing plans
for the entertainment of the members of
the Rivers and Harbors Committee of the
House of Representatives, who are to
make an official visit to this city during
the month of June. ¦ i
Event Is One of Importance
to Local Business
Interests.
Congressional Commit
tee Will Shortly Visit
San Francisco. ;
COMMERCIAL MEH
PLAN RECEPTION
THE SAN FBAlSreiSCO; CAX.L, SATURDAY, MAY 25, ¦ 1901^
John Cunningham, a Faithful Servant of
the Corporation, Is Called by Death.
TRUSTED GAS COMPANY
EMPLOYE PASSES AWAY
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
SHE QUIT.
But It Was a Hard Pull. " J \Z,
It is hard to believe that coffee will put
a person in such a condition as It did
Mrs. E. 8. Brown, of Apple Creek, O. She
tells her own story.
"I did not believe coffee caused my
trouble, and frequently eald I liked it so
well I would not, nor could not quit
drinking it, even If It took my life, but I
was a miserable sufferer from heart
trouble and nervous prostration for four
years. I was scarcely able to. bo around
at all. Had no energy and did not care
for anything. Was emaciated and had a
constant pain around my heart until I
thought I could not endure it . For
months I never went to bed expecting to
g-et up in the morning. I felt as though
I was liable to die any time during the
night.
"Frequently I had nervous chills and
the least excitement would drive sleep
away, and any little noise would Upset
me terribly. I was gradually retting
worse until finally one time It came over
me and I asked myself what is the use
of being sick all the time, and buying
medicine so that I could indulge myself
In coffee? •
"So I thought I would, see- if I could
quit drinking coffee and grot some Postum
Food Coffee to help me quit. I made it
strictly according to directions and I
want to tell you that change was the
greatesL step in my life. It was easy to
quit coffee because I had the Postum
which I like better than I like the old
coffee. One by one the old troubles left,
until now I am in splendid health, nerves
steady, heart all right and the pain all
gone. Never have any more nervous
chills, don't take any medicine, can do all
my housework and have done a great
deal beside.
My Elster-in-law, who visited me this
summer, had been an invalid f or some
time much' as I was. I got her to 'quit
coffee and drink Postum. Bhe gained. flve
pounds In three weeks, and \I; never, saw.
such a change In anyone's health. Any-
one by writing me can receive verification
of these statements."
yiMBS?; McKXNLEY'S V PICTURE. *ln} the
?Wasp'B*. sixty-page- Presidential'. souvenir.
For. sale at all news stands; 25 cents. *
.-.'An ¦application for I letters ) of , guardian-
ship . upon " tt e .person . and estate of : little
• Kathlynne . Coleman : was •¦ on Judge
fey's calendar. yesterday,' but the court re-'
fused ' to / assume 'jurisdiction ' of ' the case
•until such time as the matter of. the cus-
tody of the child has been fixed under the
terms of the 'decree of divorce secured by.
the child's father," John M. Colaman: from
his former i * wife, Mrs. . Coleman-Smith.
Colftman's petition for the custody of-the
child is now in abeyance in' Judge Troutt's
department of the Superior Court. 1
Coleman Case Goes Over.
TO PASS HIS LIFE I
IN S|||[NTIN
Robert E. " Glaze; the
Slayer of Trewhella,
Is Sentenced.
> .
Judge Dunne yesterday denied the mo-
tion of Robert E. Glaze for a' new trial
and ' sentenced him to life imprisonment
In San Quentin Prison for the murder of
his partner, William Trewhella, In the
"V^ incisor Hotel iast January.' • :
'After denying the motion for a new trial
Judge Dunne ordered Glaze to '• stand up
end asked him ii there was any legal rea-
son why 1 sentence should not be passed
upon him.
'- "Nothing, your Honor," answered Glaze,
"except that I am sure I am not guilty
of this charge against me."' ;
"It is the sentence of this court, said
Judge Dunne, "that you be confined in the
State Prison at San Quentin 1 for the term
of your natural life." ' : ' * • ' • .
Glaze again took his seat beside his wife
and stepchildren without giving any evi-
dence fit emotion. His attorneys ••; then
moved for a stay of execution for twenty
days, which was granted. .
G'aze and Trewhella were partners in
the Windsor Hotel.:. They quarreled over
money matters. Glaze finally lay in wait
for his partner in the kitchen of the hotel
and shot him ' down in cold ¦ blood. ¦ He
pleaded self-defense, but the evidence ad-
duced-at-the trial disproved his plea and
; demonstrated' beyond ¦ a doubt that his
crime .was without cause or justification;: .
"Wants . Engine-Houses". Repaired. ' •
Superintendent of Public Buildings Bar-"
nett directed the attention , of .the Board
of Works yesterday to the unsanitary con-
dition of the engine houses in the 'Fire
Department. Barnett suggests that as the
Fire Commissioners will have quite a sur-
plus in their : appropriation a j certain I
amount of • it be set ¦ apart for necessary
repairs. Barnett says In his letter:
.VMany repairs have become .urgent and
unless something is done immediately ac v
cidents are liable to 'occur to apparatus"
and horses that may cost much more than
the . repairs. 5 ; The - rules of the ; Fire De-
partment' require firemen- to live, in -the
engine houses and . it is an outrage that
their health and possibly their lives should
.be Jeopardized by forcing them : to remain
in unsanitary quarters.". . .: • > ¦
¦¦¦'.¦i- ...¦:.. Mil". :- -- ADVEBTISEMENTS.1 . . _' : _ _. ¦-'---'-'¦'
A gorgeous costume flashed . beneath the brilliant lights
of a ban room. The queen of society is radiant to-night.
. The nervous hands of a weak, woman have toiled day
and night, the weary form and aching head have known no
rest/f or the dress must be finished in time. • t J ,
'To that queen of- society and her dressmaker we would
say a word. One . through hothouse culture, luxury and
social excitement, and the other through the toil of necessity,
may some day find their ailment3 a common cause.
* Nervous 1 , prostration, excitability, fainting spells, dizzi- ?
ness, sleeplessness, loss of appetite and strength, all indicate
serious trouble, which has been promoted by an over-taxed ¦
system. ' ¦' .¦ . : - . ;^;>: : v^
For the society queen and the dressmaker alike, there is
nothing so reliable as Lydia E. Piiikliain's Vegetable
Compound to restore strength, vigor, and happiness.
Mrs. Lizzie Anderson, 49 Union St., Salem, N. J., writes :
r.'i- «• Deae Mbs. Pikkham :— I feel it is my duty to write and tell yon ho^s*
grateful I am to you for what your medicine haa done for me. At one
time I suffered everything a woman could. I had Inflammation of the
ovaries, falling of the womb, and le-ncorrhcea. At times could not hold a
needle to sew. The first dose of your Vegetable Compound helped me so
much that I kept on using it. I have now t^ken six bottles and am well
and able to do my work. I also ride a wheel and feel no bad effects from
it. I am thankful to the Giver of all good for giving you the wisdom of
.•' ' ¦ - -¦¦•¦- curing suffering women. I recommend your xned-
ll' i^sltea^'*' ""1 i c * Be *° e v ery woman troubled with any of these
'^^^^^^^ Mrs. Sarah Swoder, 103 West SW
\^S^^% U Porte, Ind., writes:
• I i^lill v • "Deab Mrs. Pctkham: — It gives me great
'ftjgjjp ~-V£-\ /^T'l pleasure to tell you how much good Lydia E.
iftgg 4&%t ¥^f Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has done for me.
vs .1 1 "I had been a sufferer for years with female
Vi / ¦ trouble. I could not sew but a few minutes at a
- - «. **>S*a time without suffering terribly with my head.
. My* back and kidneys also troubled me all the
J$h3aiaag$&l time. I was advised by a friend to take your ined-
' icine. I had no faith in it, but decided to try it.
K&ftkMfcilwiral After taking one bottle I felt so much better that
BJ3i?\Jis\ffira Ha I continued its use, and by the time I had taken
In /!pT <. Jio a u \ w m\ fr sis bottles I was cured. There is no other medicine
I *\ for me. I recommend it to all my friends.!" . _-.-.-
: . — .. • ¦ •¦ : ~ : ¦.'¦:¦.¦¦.•¦¦¦. - t ¦. - . ¦-?-?-.
4* bsh /flfev OA. dFtk. ¦% W 1 Aff Alin Owing to the fact that some skeptical
¦II If"' MH 9 IS RlS K B" 199 n K B 1 P«°P le h^ ve iTom time to t 'f ne questioned
T^k B B 9 I S I H B ¦ EtL SMH #4HI.kJ the genuineness of the testimonial letters
V# i*^ Wi ii §1 H & H r^**w* we con3tantly publiahinj. we have
IS IS II y deposited with the National City Bank, of Lvnn, Mass., f 3,00a,
¦ E I H a which will be paid to any person who will snow that the above
IB HJB QJS ™ W testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtaining
*¦ the writers' special permission. — Ltdia E. Pdjkham Mkdicute Co.
STEER RIGHT
When you send your laundry out, and if
you're undecided about your course ask
any well dressed man. j He'll tell you our
laundry work Is up to now in everything
to make your linen satisfactory. Prompt
calls and' delivery of all bundles.
No saw edges. Prices right. l •:
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street r
- : Telephone— South 42O. ¦
Oakland Office— 54 '•& art Pablo Ave.
oj| M EM
TfJSr ¦ Cured While
w^A. You Sleep :
g^jy^lSy In Fifteen Days
: ' "Gran-Solvent" dissolves Stricture like snow b*.
neath the • van, reduces Enlarge* Prostate aa«
ttrengtbens the Seminal Ducts, storelBC Drains IM
Bmisslons In Fifteen Days. . ,
- No drugs to rain the stomach, bnt a direct local
and positive application to the entire urethra". trae%
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayon* or Pencils, smooth and flexible
•ad so narrow as to pass the closest Sulctnn.
Every" Man Should Know HimselL
' Tve St. James Asan., Box 834, Cincinnati. C has
| arapared at rreat expense an exbaast- rnrpl
We illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL |
« svstem, which t&*r will send to any r fl f" F ¦
male applicant. »; . - . l . is * B *TV
ST IAMFS AWN 25O ELM 6T.,
31* JAMES A33rl. t Cincinnati! Ohio.
4 VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT i
:# MUSEUM OF UUTOIYf
\ .. . Cj • The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
M ¦JL' World. Weakaesses or any contricted m .
' Sea) disease po»Uiwely e»r«w*hy the oldest T
(B IS £31 b P ecul >* c on tbe Coast Est. 36 years. O
iAegfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN 4
r(f!w&] Consul tztioa free and strictly private. \
J iSWH Treatment personally or by letrer. A §
fl Or B Positive Cure in every case undertaken. . T
9 II (I A Write for Book. rHIfcOS)OPBir«f J
" J I' BAHBIACE. MAILED FRES. Uf
k ;Jr, Jl * valuable book for men) " -i
y DR. j©R»AX «**-'<».. 1051 MartstSL.S. W. V
Weekly Call, $1 per Tear
W/L Toasting -broiling ' M
Jjsksftn-r baking • .-; ironing . ¦¦ y^^^^jj
anything that can be done with a wood or coal fire is done fPlBRIJSENO, ¦' THE 3OY. SECOND BASEMAN OF THE LOS ANGELES TEAM./ HE IS- THE YOUNGEST PLATER IN
THE LEAGUE AND ONE OF THE MOST BRILLIANT,-' ALWAYS USING GOOD JUDGMENT AJJD SHOWING A
COMPLETE KNOWLEDGE OF THE GAME!'! A ¦•;.'/• :V ' •': ' ' ' x \ '. ] '. ¦.'•': ¦'' • ".'¦. ! " '- ; ¦'.:.:;¦ - : :'-•: ':¦' . .
THE BANQUET TO. THE POSTMAS-
TER GENERAL. - Among the sixty pages
of pictures : in ,the - .Wasp's Presidential
souvenir, number. . 25 cents.' — : .. . •
Tuna Club Banquet.
The Santa Catalina Island Tuna Club ;
famous all over the world, will hold Its
annual banquet at the Hotel Metropolo,
Avalon. Catalina Island. . on Saturday
evening, June -15..' Judging from the re
sponses already, received a large attend
ance will be : on hand this year. These
banquets draw, the expert tuna fishermen
from all parts of the country.
Bay City Fights.
The Bay; City Athletic Club will give a
terles of boxing contests on Monday May
27. at the Mechanics' Pavilion annex. The
card is as follows:
Dan Barry vs. Nobby Otts: Ed Tlllson
s - i°lY ey \P e S nett , : P«te Coleman vs.
Frank Merrett: Frank Neal vs. Harrv'
Baker: F. Mclaughlin vs. J. McGormack-
William Kelly vs. Frank Craig; Jock
Murray vs. Dan Haley;. Arthur Reno vs
Joe Angli. .JtjiayXjB '.
Swimming'. at Sutro's.
At Sutro Baths on Sunday. May 26, the
following swimming races will be run:
Special, 100-yard race— E. Wolfe and H.
Leicken.
. 50-yard dash. Juveniles— M. Griswald,
N_Ferrill,- J. McManus, H. MoKenzIe. C.
Crist, William Admae, H. Duggan, A. Fer
nandez. J. Boggs, R. Grundy. F. Clough,
D. Sullivan, C. Royal, H. Freeman, G.
Freeman, F. Paine/ J. Erasmy, D. Chase
A. Derks. H. Heinz. W. Stockton, J.
O'Brien, VV. Latz, F. Butterworth, M.
Reach, S. Finnigan. . D. Harrogan. P.
Janes, H. Cross, G. Hughes. P. Lockwood
E. Kipp, D. Mackel and R. Buckley. ' ,
Under water swimming, tub race, high
diving for boys— open to all. >. ¦ .-.* -.:
100-yard race. ¦ amateurs— G. Irving^ H.
Wallace. A. Clayton. E. Bell, E. Winfield,
«i. Sw ?. er >v ?* stellkes > W. RWing. M.
Mitchell, O. Lowenberg, E.KippTL. Han
lcn. C. Augustus. F. Ralston. M. Carmody.
J. Hunt,"L. Grueman. G. Carroll, C. Don
ovan. L. Haywards.I^. Scott, C.Harnes.
a' a^ n 'j H h D^ UBh iX ty ' C ' Fredericks,
S. Bodkin, J. Bevins. H. Duranf A. Hav
Si RcBe^ R- Cordell. H. Leicken, G
Freeth, O. Schultz and P. Revert.
Trick and.fancy springboard diving— J.
Dollar, J. Mclntyre. J. Collins, W.-Stock-
w ni wi 1 }* J ix A - Jacks °n. J. Thomas,
W 'ny' 1 ?? el T d ' 9- i Iar " es -- H - Wilson.; w.
Guild I.^M. Loud E v Wells, S. Locksmith,
W. Armacost. P. Logan. G. Kelber, O.
Misner. C. Duke. G. Wallace, F. Springer,
P. Sundberg. G. Brown. - J. Heckett * P
. •¦• '." •' ' ' ' ¦ -'•¦ '¦ . ¦ '- :
The handicap contest over nine .holes
against bogey for women members of the
San Rafael Golf Club that was scheduled
for last Saturday morning and the match
between teams of men .that was, set down
for the afternoon were called. oft* on ac
count of - the . launching ( of the battleship
Ohio. The return match between teams
representing . the San Rafael - and Sausa
lito Golf clubs .that was' set for to-day
has been deferred to" a later, date, the San
Rafael . captain not being able to get to
gether a team. ¦:¦"',¦ • ...',-. •' - . _
The match played last Saturday on the
San Rafael course was only a scratch one.
Decoration day will be a busy day for
the golfers at San Rafael. From morning
till night they will be pursuing the gutty
over the links of. Happy Valley. At 10
a, m. the qualifying rounds for. the Coun
cil's cup for women -will begin, the play
ers making the eight lowest scores being
entitled to enter the opening round of the
contest for the. trophy.' A prize will be
given to the lady handing in .the. best
handicap score In the .qualifying rounds.
The first, round i of the competition will
be played .on June 1. beginning at 10 a.m.
On Decoration day, beginning at 10 o'clock
in the morning, the qualifying rounds for
the Council's cup for men will -also be
played on the San Rafael, links,- the eight
entrants. making the lowest scores: being
entitled to enter the contest for the trophy
and a prize being presented. to' the player,
handing in the best net,score. -The open
ing round of the competition will be play
ed on' June 1, beginning at 2 In the after
noon;;. ..':. ' - : • ¦¦-.'' :¦¦{:'•
The annual 'meeting of ; the . Sausalito
Golf, Club will ;be held this evening; at. 8
o'clock. in the guildroom of the Episcopal
church at Sa.usalito, , the 1 principal •• busl-'
ness being the election of members of the
council, green' committee and- house com
mittee. The framework- of 'the. clubhouse
on the Fort Baker links is completed, but
the plumbing and -interior, equipment are
not quite finished. The grass on the fair
green is pretty. -high; but.'. the -putting
grounds are smooth and firm. After .the
rains cease ¦ the green -keeper «will • be able
to make headway »: against 1 : the i quickly,
growing grass . and thistles . and the course
will be In*: playable 'condition : until" fresh
rains fall in the autumn: , y '. .
•': Harry iRawlins. the resident professional
of the Oakland Golf Club,;hasbeen<look
ing over the • various : tracts 'suggested . for
a golf • course -at Alameda,, and while; the
foothills beyond 'Frultvaleoffer, more; roll
ing and diversified ground. they, are hardly
near enough: to the residences of the'golf-\
ers. ¦ . So • he has ¦ recommended ' as "the most
suitable spot -within; reach a' piece of land
in'. North Alameda 'owned -: by ".Beamer;
which Is, to the. north "of ! the San Antonio"
Estuary .'and- distant ; about - three-quarters ¦
of a mile from- Park-street etc. lion. •: i
GOLFERS TURN
TO SAN RAFAEL
JULY REGATTA
FOR OARSMEN
¦
The work on the proposed rowing regat
ta to be held on Lake Merritt on Indepen
dence day is progressing. The committee
appointed by the Alameda Boating Club
went on Tuesday evening to the Mer
chants' Exchange committee of Oakland
for a conference. The oarsmen were re
ceived, very well and the statement of
their case evoked a favorable expression
of opinion. The Merchants' Exchange
committee seemed well pleased with the
idea of holding an aquatic carnival and
arranged to meet the oarsmen again last
night. One of the Oakland committee, a
Yale graduate and oarsman, is stroncly
In favor of the regatta and the Alameda
and Oakland 'press has taken up the idea.
Last night the oarsmen stated more- in
detail the events they are prepared to take
part -in and . if the necessary funds can
be obtained the aauatic carnival on Lake
Merritt will certainly take place.
The Ariel Rowing Club held a meeting
5 J u v eday night at which it was decid
ed to begin work on the foundation of the
newboathouse to-morrow. Wooden ccscs
five feet square at the bttom and taut-r
ing toward the top will be built and filled
with concrete. Twenty-one of these will
be required. For the present the work
will be done by the members, but Itaer
men will be hired if It is found necessary
to do so. It is hoped that the house may
be ready for occupation In -.about two
months.
The Dolphins will probably be able to
keep their junior barge crew together af
ter all. E. A. Kragness will resume row
&S^f; -wm 6 otb «r thwarts will be filled
by Lee Wienand. Lieutenant Captain T
n. Dixon and Fred Sherry, an Olympic
StTng^Oub 0 haS 3t>lned the Dolp1^
A L BRISENO, the. youngest and'one. of the best fielders in the California Baseball League, -was recently enrolled in
; the ranks'of the Los Angeles team. 'In; size he is a. midget, 1 even smaller than Mangerina, •. who caught for Oakland
,last season: 'He is only 19 years of age; but' plays like a veteran. Brfseno weighs- 115 pounds, 5 which places him in
• the'banta'm class.' At present ;he plays second base for the!Angels, r and,plays;it'in-such;a way.aVto call for the-*
: .; praise and commendation of all, h^ admirers^ Although, yotmg' arid inexperienced in big games he displays the
best of judgment ; and coolness on the' field. « His natural position' is at short,, where "he", covers" ground enough on which to
¦ build a railroad-depot. ¦ Iif Los -Angeles is the hero of the day. since. baseball ; took 'firm', hplcr there. Briseno'is a native
.' Los Angeles' product. .' •. ' \r,' '•.•,"'•' • ; ''- .'V- .">'""•¦' ¦¦-•¦/•'¦¦ '¦¦'¦' T--. '•¦>.. '. ;- ,,p'^ .'¦... l. : .'-\ : ','.¦'.'¦¦'¦ j.:.." ; '. •¦-. • i- . J : •"*-"'- '
In 1892, wllen.the old . Los Angeles league team played in that; city, 'Briserio was.; a'boy to i.'whoni the- batsmen, of the.
• team would -knockout flies for practice. ¦ He then displayed- a -.baseball precocity, that made him the wonder of the profes
' sIonarplayers. : Ever'.sInce that time he'has played the ;<ame with the ,s.andlot.b6ys of ,the_town.-\ Manager. Morley /signed
Brlseno to use him asa change shortstop, as the. lack of weight is.a handicap at second,, but so well, has he acquitted him
self at the^mldaie station that unless ah extraordinarily good man cari.be secured Brisenb will not.be moved. . "" . '
ANNUAL EVENT
FOR RACKET
WI ELDERS.
Dates for Championship
Tournaments Changed
and New State Event
Is Added to the List
At a meeting of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association held last Monday night
the order of championship events was
changed considerably. It was decided that
instead of the singles tournament for the
championship of the coast being played
on July 4, as it has heretofore been done,
it will be piayed the early ; part of Sap
tember, just previous to the doubles
championship tournament. On the Fourth
of July In place of the coast champion
ship there- will be a tournament for the
championship of . the State.'. In nearly all
the Eastern States there is a State cham
pionship tournament, and the action taken
the other evening establishing a like
tournament in this , State is considered a
very good move by all the cracks. All
three tournaments will be played on the
courts of the Hotel Rafael, and at present
it looks as if there would be nothing much
in the way of tennis at Del Monte this
year. ,.,.:....
The latter place is hardly suited for a
championship event; as the light is very
bad and the overhanging foliage inter
feres with the play to a great extent.. By
changing the date of the singles to Sep
tember the midsummer heat of San Ra
fael will ¦ be avoided. This intense heat
has always made it difficult to play a
five-set 'match. - '-
The singles championship of -the coast
is the most important event of the year,
and many consider it a bad move to put
it over until September, when the-sum
mer season is practically over. On the
other hand, by doing this the best players
from Southern California and the cracks
from the north will be on hand to compete
in both singles and doubles. These men
will not come for one event, hence both
events will be played at the same time.
Such men as Goward, Foulkes and Free
man of Oregon and Washington, and Bell,
Sinsabaugh and Hendricks of Southern
California will probably be on hand when
play is called.
This morning on the courts of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club the finals of the
academic singles tournament will be
played. In this match Norman Hodgkin
son of Lowell High School will be pitted
against Roy Taylor of Oakland High
School. Hodgkinson is by long odds the
better player of the two, but Taylor has
been doing cortlderable practicing of late
and followers of the game expect he will
give his clever opponent quite an argu
ment.
The California Tennis Club will hold a
class singles tournament on Decoration
day. This tournament is one of the most
important "ones given by the local club
each year. Those who surely will take
part are Robert and George Whitney,
Sumner Hardy, W. B. Collier, Harold
Crowell. Merle Johnson, N. Hodgkinson,
Grant Smith. Dr. Lane, Ray Cornell. Chet
Smith, Sidney Salisbury, Du Val Moore,
Drummond McGavin and many , of the
lower class men, who will probably enter
at the last moment. ' . •
The tennis courts built In the park for!
the use of tho general public are fast
nearing completion, and in a- few months
there will be enough courts to accommo
date all. The courtsare macadam and are
already down and well packed, making it
necessary only to mark off the lines and
build backstops.
BOXING CLUBS
AND THEIR
MATCHES.
Fistic Programmes for
the Next Few flonths
Are Arranged, but Not
Yet Definitely Settled
On next Wednesday evening before the
National Athletic Club Terry -McGovern
will make his second public ring appear
ance in this city. This time he will meet
Aurelia Herrera, the Bakersfield feather
weight, of whom so much has been writ
ten and said by the native - enthusiasts of
the San Joaquln oil city. In every fight
that Is a fight there are always two
parties, and as Herrera is a strong, well
muscled youth, a surprise of some sort
may be in store for McGovern. .
Sam Harris, McGovern's astute man
ager, thinks that the Bakersileld terror
will be easy game for the Brooklyn whirl
wind and blandly talks of the $59O0-$350O
eide bet which will soon be annexed to
the licGovern-Harris fund. Hcrrera has
a manager in Carrilo who is playing the
argel with a new set of wings, if all that
is said of him Is true. Every day the word
is passed that Carrilo has made another
big bet on his protege at odds ranging
lrom 2 to 1 to 10 to 6.
Herrera is being trained by Tim Mc-
Grath at San Jose and is in good shape.
He la a bard worker, seems to be in
earnest and talks mightily about his con
fidence to whip McGovern.. Terry is also
training assiduously. His daily exercise
consists of road running in tbe park in the
morning and gymnasium work in the af t
eirjoon at the Olympic Club, where he
makes the most of the cold salt water
plunge. He is ruddy, strong and just as
r:ist as ever he was. When the- time
comes for the fight McGovern will be in
proper shape and ready to meet Herrera
of Bakersneld.
• • •
The Twentieth Century Athletic Club
has the permit for June, and indications
po!nt to another McGovern fight during
that month. Tim Heggarty is the man,
tiie elusive Heggany who has Deen
KjKiken a dozen times, but, 15ke overdue
\cFseis, seen only m mirage. He never
r.:ateri;ulzes, this same lisitc wonder or'
/.iftraila. Reports have him flitting trom
'one seaport to another. From the time of
tt:e tlrsz announcement tliat Heggarty
» us on his way from Australia to the
present cay the American sporting pub
lic hus been scanning the waters with
t-t rained eyes, but no Heggarty has as yet
liove in sight. George iiarting, who pur
licrtb to hold the American rights on the
Ausaraiiar., says this time it is sure that
lie is en route to San Francisco. Depend
ing upon this a match has been made be
tv tea McGovern and Heggarty to tight
in th^s city in June.
The July date belongs to the San Fran
e'.fcc. Athletic Clnb. a pugilistic org-aniza
iicn that has not yet promoted a prcfes
ticr.a! light for the San Francisco public.
The club is composed of Alec GreggrJns,
Ked licrnan. and Zeke Abrams, all men of
t xperience in sporting- affairs. Their first
Oi&a will be something new. On July 4
Vbcy will "present" an open air contest
at the Sixteenth and Folsom street
t?zn-dz-'ds. An open air "arena is a novelty
IB this city, and as the prices will be pop
ular the venture is likely to prove suc
cessfcL
Gtoipe Gardner and Jack Moffatt. the
tT.o rcir.aining- aspirants for the middle
v.c p-lu ; championship. Tommy Ryan ex-
ere booked for the main event.
Gardner has a good record and Moffatt's
rii:g history is too well known in this city
to r.L<>d comment. The original intention
«•;" the c'.ub was to match Jack Root and
Jack Mca'att. but Root is some five
pounds too heavy for the latter, so the
match was declared off. As. a preliminary
Thuiston •trill fijrure pmbablv 'vith the
winner of the Matthews-Turner fight.
¦i * St.
"Let us have a heavy-weight fight for
August" is the cry of ring patrons. • Three
fights in which McGovern figures as a
principal will more than sate the ring-
Kotrs, who always crave for new cham
t»ici:s. Jeffries and a string of less able
heavy-weights will turn westward next
rr.onth. and our population will be in
trcaped by the* influx of the big, bulky
pugilists. Ntd Homan has been in the
Kr.fct for some few weeks and has angled
'or the big fellows for his club. Jim Ken
rTedy has been writing and wiring to in
fluential acents In behalf of the Twentieth
CefitCry Club, and Jim Groom has kept
two eyes open and his pen in ink for the
National Sporting Club. Where is the
button?
..» . • •
As the Olympic Club tournament round
ed out last Thursday evening one T>oxer
oamO to the front who is likely to develop
into a more than ordinary fighter, He is
William Snailham. the protege of Alec
Grtpgains. Snailham is the talk of the
I'j-ttzi. He Is in the bantam class, fights
like a furious wind blows- and stops at
nothing. While not a clever boxer, he is
r very strong fighter, has confidence in
himself and seemingly likes the feel of a
punch. Snailham won the championship
of his class by getting the decision from
Joseph Haggerty, who fought the last
round with a broken collarbone, the re
sult of a fall in the preceding round.
li> Igrnofance . occasionally;;* borrows •¦¦ gar
ments and poses as, wisdom.
;-: : ": : ~< ¦¦,:¦"-/"*¦¦¦¦ h '•- ¦'.:.¦
Hart;Khpck« Out Creedon.
; LOUISVILLE. - : Ky.,' May * 24.-Marvin
Hart . of' LbuisvlUe r to-night \ knocked out
Dan-Creedoniof i "Australia i: ln" the 'sixth
round before the; Southern Athl^ic Club.
Hungarian Society Picnic.
The Hungarian Mutual Aid Society of
the Pacific Coast la making great prep
£i?.Vh n ti f i? r K ts i w e nt y-flrat annual picnic,
which jwtllj bo held Sunday, June 1C at
SiJ 1 "!'^* 1 Marin County. The fol-.
lowing 13 tho committee on arrangements:
Landor Hoffman. 1 1. Fried. A. Erdley. I*
Gutts, conn, J.:h.': Horn and Max
popper. ' iSHBHnBlBlanKl''*''''
FightsVfpr Oakland.
• OAKLrAND,tMay^24.— The West Oakland
Club "has. arranged Ta 'good card of boxing
matches "for ¦ its : night '•" next
.TuesiJayj evening.-' The. matches are all for
decisions at the; end /of :'a ; limited ' number
ol ; rounds/ The boxers to be" pitted 'against
each, other are : -.' Jack: Dolan, • O. c A. > C; , vs.
Mike". Welsh,; 'Alameda, * 112 *» pounds, six
rounds: ; "Cyclone"/ Kelly,': San Francisco;
vs. "Jack Casey." San Francisco,* 148 pounds,
eight rounds; • Charles 'Hanley, San Fran
cisco.'.vs.'.Jack.Kane.-.San Francisco. .142
pounds, y fifteen : rounds. 4 ;iThe , last ; named
Is- tb:,be the principal. number. on the {.ro
gramrne.-Both men: are: training haid and
a stiff .fight- is -.looked- for i from | them: i The
t club has gorie;to some pains to.'perfect the
seating-arrangements.. •.';"",'«
Danish' Brotherhood Picnic.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The local chanters
of the Danish Brotherhood will hold thH?
annual picnic at San Lorenzo wove on
has^&r^of t? he fol! ™'" S committee
has charge of the arrangements: J. A.
Sorensen, O..AI. Lutzen, S. P Moller H
D ./ndkjler. C. Jorgens'en. £. H. Kken.
E ' A - Lorentzen and R.
F. Jensen. Dr. H. Lorentzen will bt floor
manager; assisted by R. H Larsen A
-band^will furnish music for dancing from
•11 o'clock a. m. till 10 o'clock p? m.
Cricket Watch at Alameda.
. To-morrow on the "Webster-street
ground at Alameda the second match of
this season between the Alameda and Pa
cific Cricket clubs will take Dlaco. be-ln
ning at 11:30 a. m. The first match be
tween these two clubs, played on April
a, was won easily by the Alameda eleven
butithe Pacific men hope to turn the
tables on this occasion. The following will
wear thq red and black of the Pacific
Cricket Club: H. C. Casldy. captain: John
Myers, C. P. Coles, J. J. Theobold. A. W
Wilding, F^ Bennion. T>. Jamleson. XV.
Petherick, W. C. Comyns, V. Sollom and
T.J. A. Tiedeman. The blue and white
of the Alameda Cricket Club will be wcrn
by. J. J. Moriarty. J. H. Saunders P j
Croll. A. F. Stahl. H.- Ward Jr W "«'
Fortman, A. E. Chivera. W. Rtchter a"
S. Willis. E. H. Ward and B. Bird! H B
Hogue captain of the Alameda Cricket
Club, is now in Honolulu oh a trin of
business and recreation combined, and
wm return to this city next week-.
nwi'^'^ between Younar America and
Old England, set for last Sunday, did not
take place. It seems that the manaeers
of the Young America team hoped, by
keeping it doubtful till a day or two be
fore the game, to catch Old England with
a weakened team and. when on Friday
their willingness to play was announced,
several of the representatives of Old Eng
land had made arrangements for spending
the Sunday and were disinclined to break
them.. It. is to be hoped that no Jockeying
wiir prevent the next meetinsr of these
rivals on Jure 30. as the contest excite*
as much interest as any event in t'h*
cricket season.
_On Decoration day the match between
the Pacific and Santa Cruz Cricket cluhV
set for May 12, but deferred" will take
place at Atameda. It is of interest as th«
first match played" between a city and a
country club for the championship trophy
of the cricket season. wy
The annual 25-mile handicap of the Call-*
fornia Associated Cyclists, .run 'over by
order of the Racing Board, will be held
to-morrow on the San Leandro trlanguiar
course, starting at 10 a. m.: There: will be
sixty-five starters, which is a large entry,
list for this race, and Is accounted for by
the fact that many men were in 1 training
for- the recent :l00-mIle relay ' iace: and
continued in condition so as to participate
in to-morrow's event. •¦¦ '¦•':* *' "¦ • ¦ • •• ¦;
The following are the entries and handi
caps: ..•¦•¦¦- ¦ ¦ \ . ;. • .'¦ .'..
Seven minutes— L*a I'igrllB, O."C.*W.;'E.' A.'
Mitchell, C. C. C; A.. Zimmerman,. C. C. C;
Charles McConnell, C. C. C. : C. - F. LInd, - B;
C. W. ; John Guennln*?, Un; B. D.(Balart, Un.
Six -minutes," thirty seconds— Harry Kenne
dy," Reliance; Rivera t-mith, Reliance; G d ¦ H.
Williams. B. \C* W.; Charles Bowman, *Un;
W. D. Stoddard. O. C. W. ?•-,'. '. ..
s Six minutes— Georce. Hitchcock, C. C. -'. C;
C. A. Pareens; • Un; J. ' "Haurat, Reliance;
Will ¦? Moon, O. C. W.: Richard : "Williamson;
Reliance;. Ed ¦¦Eeeberu, C.:C. C. ¦ •. ¦*
Five minutes— Sol Goldstein. »"Un;' 'R.'i W.
Emery, O. C. W. ; W. 'U. Kgenhoff, O.'. C.\W. ;
Justice • Youngr. Reliance; ' W.\ J. Slentz, C.
C. C; F. McNultjvB. C'. W. ; Charles Reuser,
b. c.,w. j :- .:-.- .. ¦: :• , ¦- •¦ • ¦» :¦ .:•.¦, .-.
Four minutes, " thirty , seconds— E. .' E. ¦ Berg
man, C. C. C; Fred Westcott. C.'.C. C. ; Frank
Carroll, C. C. C. ; George ; Crawford,: C. 'C.r C. ;
G. S. Christensen. O. ? C. W. .
• Four . minutes— W. Nofty< G. . C W. : V. A.'
Curlin. G. C. W.;j V. Gray,' O. \C. .W.; I E.
Etlenne, O. 'C. -W. j'Gsorjre Krutz, O. C.~ "VV. " ;
Three .', minutes— R.- Teichner, : C.. C. C; C.
Utnberg, G.'C. :W.i 1\ A: Murray," B.C. W.;
Guy Anthony. iO.C.VV. ;<• Will Lane..G..C. W.;
H. E. Warren, C. C"-C. I M. Shannon, O. C. W.
.- Two minutes, thirty seconds — GU3 Siegfried,
C. C. C; C- Marty, G. Q.. W.; A..T: Smith,
Oakland; JOlius Ephraim, ' O. C W.;\ H." L.
Newsome, Reliance; .' George - McKlnney, • .'O.'
c.'w.ut..-- •.."'.¦;•¦•¦'•.¦ ''¦.-¦iy .'¦ ..,.* .-.¦..-¦
" -¦¦ Two, minutest-Charles Long; • O. C. > W. : ¦ C. L*.''
Braun, C.C. C.;:D.»A. Manning:.. G. C. W.;
J. E. ' Bolger, ¦ O. " C." • W. ; E. -A. Ruesac, B. C.
W. ;. George- A. <Wyman, r Reliance. •/ v. " • • '• . .
- One: minute; thirty seconds— Smll : A gras.^Un;
Robert Backrath, - C. •C.-''W.:'K John r Posclr,
C.;C.;W.; J. c. West; B. C. W.; Homer L«we,
g.'c.'w..-'--. >¦;-,. M-.^ ;• •: '.¦ •¦; "'.;•-•"•:¦¦;•
; Scratch— W. 1 Davidson. B. • C. ; W. ; B. • Down-
Ing, ,. G. C.» W. ; A. . McDonald, ';Gr C. - W. ; -I*
Downing,". G.C. W. ; . li. Wastte, G.' CiW.'- '
. Officials— Starter— J. W. - L«avitt. ¦ . . Referee-
Charles Albert ..'Adams. Judges^E.* B.' Learn
ing, J." w; Mullin. E.. B. . Rambo, : : B. . Reese,
F. ; Hermann, -n Timers — Joe' Desimone,'.' F. '" A?
Busch,:\V. ; B.C MorriH, .' F. .: G.: ¦-,. Montealegre.
Scorers— E. .• Goeler. ; Frank : Bollo, ' Chester ¦ My
rlck,';T. ( ;C. 'Spillane." Clerk— Jules, Hancock.;, .•„
s .The ~.: Racing , Board ' I offers : r some VfinV
prizes . for . the winners' 5 of -tlteie and i place
positions 3 and. the ¦ perslDnnel 1 of ¦ the , five
men on .the scratch; mark assures a: fast
race. " ".Vr^"^ 1 -•' '~ '¦¦:¦¦, .':.::¦ -i- "¦ ¦¦•<:'. -:¦** *
¦''•' The"' annual" picnic • run .' of ¦' the ' Bay > City
Wheelmen to Lake Pllarcltos wlH.be ".held"
on . Stmday, < ; June ¦ •; 2. ' v. Captain r Nye -. and
Lieutenants j Rusac and'Bollo.- are 'making
extensive-preparations ' f or., the .event , and
a large ;number r ' of 'the- members^are, sure
to ' attensi. /"~' J; !> ; *w ¦ ¦ ¦ **-*¦*. sZ-t^t
ROAD RACE FOR
THE CYCLISTS
DOUGLAS WILL
MEET TRAVIS
,RYE,'.N.:Y., May' 24.— The third and
semi-final rounds of match play finished
the programme . of 'the . MetroDOlitan "golf
championship at the- Apawamis Club to
day. ./.The. weather was delightfully fine.
The. general' opinion among the golfers
here is \ that , the final to-morrow will / be
another duel between Findlay S. .Douglas
of .the Nassau Country Club and \Valter
J. Travis 1 of the Garden- City Golf "Club,
the amateur champion of America.
Each of these, players. has four wins to
his credit put of the eight times they have
met and if they should meet again to
morrow there will be | an ' exciting game.
A', few., weeks .'aco. these' two. met. in the
finalat Lakewbod, N. J., and Douglas won
by one up after having to play nineteen
holes: 'The four pairs in the third round
started on* in -the following order to-day:
Walter J. Travis, Garden City, vs. Thomas
T. Reed; Montclair; R. F. Matthews. Apa
wamis, vs. Sidney, Carpenter, Lake wood;
Flndlay S. Douglas. Nassau Country Club,
vs.' C. B. Macdonald.-Meadowbrook: and
Charles. H. Seeley, Woburn Golf Club,
Conn., ¦ .vs. Devereaux. Emmet,' Garden
City. ¦ . ' ¦; - j .. - ¦ : • ¦ , •.
s In the first half of the Davis-Reid match
the latter. had the lead, being one up at
the turn. Travis won the tenth in three,
a ; distance of 345yards.. This, evened the
match and'the next two holes were halved
inflves. 1 - Travis won the next two and the
fifteenth and sixteenth were halved in
fives and/ fours, respectively. Travis won
the match on-the" next hole, the seven
teenth., in six to seven, defeating. Reid by
three up and one to x play. '. . .
'j TThe' match between -Douglas and Mac
ddnald,'both: amateur.'champions, result
ed: in an: easy win : for j Douglas by. five up
•and- four; to play, j Sidney Carpenter beat
R.*F. 'Matthews by one up after a very
even game. 7 --_' ;; [~-;: - ¦ " : .. '>' / . ¦¦'-¦¦.¦
FOR FREEDOM
IS BILLED
TO RUN.
The Unbeaten Greyhound
Will Compete in the
California Coursing
Committee Stake Event
The" California Coursing Committee has
completed arrangements for its inaugural
stake, which will be run»in its entirety to
morrow at Union Park. The; committee
will meet this evening - at Delmonlco's,
where a banquet to the members will tend
to make ' the . annual gathering a memor
able one. Besides other business, the
committee will elect officers for the ensu
ing term." ... . » '
'The twenty-dog, stake, in which the
members alone have the naming of a con
testant, is made up of the best coursing
material in the country and should prove
a Ereat attraction. 7- : -
Seven hundred and fifty dollars in prizes
will be distributed in. the champion event,
of which |250 goes to the winner, $150, to
the runner-up, $100 to third dog, $40 each
to the next two and $20 each to the next
five. \ Special. prizes will, be distributed as
follows: $20 to, the dog beaten by the win
ner, $15 to the dog beaten by the runner
up, $15 to the dog beaten by third dog
and $10 each' to the dogs beaten by win
ners of fourth and fifth prizes. ¦..-•
'I he feature of the event is the naming
of For Freedom by J. H. Rosseter. Noth
ing in. the doings of the sport of the leash
for many montus nas given such satisfac
tion ana pleasure to tne. followers or the
same as ihe announcement of For Free
dom's re-entry on the tield. It is two and
a , half years since this greatest of all
coursers has had a public trial. During
that time some good ones have developed,
and notably among them is Eugene
Geary's crack sprinter, Palo Alto. For
Freedom's record in this country, was
made before the black "and white stake
winner was a factor in coursing, and upon
his retirement to the stud there was no
hound on our shores. that could furnish
exercise for him, he being absolutely and
beyond question in a far away class of his
own. His wonderful performance of fak
ing the final flag in the eight stakes in
v.-hlch he competed with other champions
is one that will probably never be ao
proached. . , .
. Palo Alto in form goes to tte slips in
any event a favorite over the best on the
card, and his reputation has been. earned
by hard tests with the pick of ' the local
kennels. If these two able representatives
meet for final honors in -the stake— and
every one is hoping that they will—pa
trons can satisfy themselves in saying
that they have seen America's two grand
' est greyhounds slipped to a hare.
While. For Freedom has been out of the
game for a long time, the hound has been
Drought to as hne condition as the limited
time given would allow. •
H. # ri. Lyons and Charles Gassagne,
members of the California Coursing Com
mittee, came up from Los Angeles yester
day/to be on hand for the big event, t .--<
George Sharman will start a Pretender-
Miss Skyrocket puppy In next month's
puppy stake.
O. Sterl, member of the local coursing
firm of Sterl & Knowles, has left for Aus
tralia for a. short trip. • "•.:.**
The up-country doings for last. week re
sulted In Rona winning the stake at Val
lejo, with Aeneas as runner-up. • At Los
Angeles Master* Clair won . first money.
Mollle Haskins second. , ¦ ¦¦¦ ,
There will be no coursing outside of San
Francisco this week, the country mem
bers desiring to witness. the -big event at
Union Park. - . -
"Winners in the California' Coursing
Committee stake look to. be King Cotton
Little Sister,. Paying; Fox, Homer Boy!
Vandal, -Wedgewood, Santonin, Sir Pasha
Rector and Palo Alto. • V
In the- reserve -stake the courses tren
erally have an even- look. The pick of the
talent takes in America.'Candelaria Tlh
uron,- Rural Artist, Veto, Motto, ' John
Doe, Master. Lawrence, Spiteful ¦ Mav
flower, Tyrone. Prince. ¦, Agamemnon, Hot
Haste, Log-Boy The Grafter, Imperial,
Flora-; McDonald. Forget. ,. Blackhead
NIcasio, Eager. Round About, Boney Bov
Modest Lad,- Greenhall," Buck. O K CaDi
tol. Liberator. Vulcan, • Bonnie ; Pasha
Springback. • Maggie N, . Herschel's Pride'
Chicago Boy, St. Ives. Sleety Mist. Rl£
pie. -Ssra. Elista, Tapioca. Charta. Aethr£
Golden Russet;, War Eagle, Silver Cloud
The Jewess ana \A.chllles.^ - • '. ¦ '
BIG REGATTAS
ARE ON THE
SCHEDULE.
Decoration Day Events
for the Corinthians
and Calif ornians on
San Francisco f Bay
Thi3 evening:' the San Francisco Yacht
Club will give a dance in Its clubhouse at
Sausalito, beginning at 8 o'clock. Ferry
boats for 'Sausalito leave the city at 5:13.
6:15 and 6:45 p. m., returning from. Sausa
lito at 10:55 p. m. To-morrow is an open
day. on the schedule, and, as the tide
serves -well, running out till a little after
13 noon at Fort Point, and flooding all the
afternoon, most 'of the yachtsmen will
cruise out toward the heads.
H. R. Slnjpklns' yawl Tramon.ta.na sailed
down to the Union Iron "Works last Satur
day to witness the launching' of the battle
ship Ohio, and afterward cruised up to
Vallejo, where she anchored for the night,
returning next day with light breeze3 to
her moorings at Sausalito, which she
made about 5:30 p. m. She was to have
started on a trip to southern waters this
week, but is not yet ready for an ocean
cruise. To-morrow members of the club
who do not own yachts will be taken out
for a cruise in the channel.
. The . directors of the San Francisco
Yacht Club held a meeting on. "Wednesday
night, at which nine new members were
elected. The time within which to put in
bids for building the challenger for the
Perpetual Cup trora Crowntnahield's de
signs Is not yet up, and the bids are still"
unopened. The sails will be made in the
East, and it is said that the craft will be
ready to receive them In sixty days from
the date of the order being given to build
her. The plans "furnished by the Boston
designer are very detailed, showing where
every bolt and nail is to be placed. . It 13
thought that it may be better to employ
a small-boat builder than a shipbuilder,
as the workmen of the latter are not ac
customed to the fine, light work and .ma
terial necessary on a racing yacht.
The San Francisco Yacht Club fleet will
be increased by the addition of a big sloop,
the largest on the bay, having a length,
over all of sixty-seven feet, a beam of
twenty- two feet and a draft of six feet
six inches. She Is built for outside sailing,
having a flush deck. with, sunken sky
lights and a "fifteen-inch rail. She carries
eleven tons of lead on her keel and more
will probably be added. Her name Is Jilt.'
She was built at BenicMj. and is owned by
F. J. Croall. She has a fine cabin, state
rooms, lavatories, a bathroom, a sail-room
and Quarters for the crew. The owner
proposes to have a crew of a dozen mem
bers of the San Francisco Yacht Club for
cruising and a crew of twenty for racing.
The regatta committee of the Corinthian
Tacht Club, P. J. Martenstein, E. B.
Learning and "W. P. Harrold, have issued
the circular with regard to the sixteenth,
annual regatta to be held on Decoration
day. There will be tfiree courses, a short
one for the twenty-footers, one of medium
length for the twenty-five-footers and
yawls, and a longer one for the thirty
footers, thirty-six-footers and yachts in
Class 1. The twenty-foot clas3 includes
the sloops Venture, Dart, Witch, Spider
and Doris, and the yawl Kittlwake. The
special class includes the yawls Arcturus,'
Naiad, Spray, Nereid and "Wave. -Arctu
rus is not in commission this season. la
the twenty- five-foot class are the sloops
-Phoenicia, Cupid. May, Belle, Ceres. Me
rope. Mist, Josie and Discovery. The
thirty-foot class comprises the sloops
Aeolus, Presto. Truant, Amigo, Halcyon,
Mignon, Emilie and Sans Souci. The
thirty-six-footers are the sloops Edna,
Emma, Queen, Freda; Neptune and Ge
nesta (formerly Embla). In Class I are
Included the sloops Ariel (formerly Ethel
S>. Harpoon, Speedwell. Rover, Clara.
Mlxie and Mischief. The start will be at
11:45 a. m., yachts being allowed five min
utes to cross the line. Intervals of ten
minutes will separate th» classes.
I The California Yacht Club will hold its
eighth annual class flag regatta on Deco
ration day over the regular course from
the narrow gauge mole to and around
Blossom Rock buoy, thence to and around
Mission Rock, thence to the starting point.
The course is officially reckoned at ten
nautical miles. The yachts will be divided
into the following classes: Twenty-footers,
twenty-five-footers, thirty-footers, thirty
six-footers, forty-four-footers and flfty
flve-footers. Entries must be made in writ
ing by the owner or his representative at I
least three days before the day of the
race and must be countersigned by Treas
urer John T. Carrier.
.The sloop Pactolus. with Port Captain
Allen M. Clay and Secretary George L.
Wakeman of the California Yacht Club
starts to-day for a week's cruise up the
Sacramento River.
J. M. Macdonough, donor of the fund
for providing trophies for yacht races in
>San Francisco Bay, has returned to this
country from Europe, and haa telegraphed
to the trustee of the fund here that he ac
cepts the suggestions made by the Pacific
Inter-Club Yacht Association and will
write more fully. The directors of the
California Yacht Club will hold a meetin-
n S?, t J Fee l t ' at whlch several new members
will be elected and the proposed plan for
keeping the association alive by a payment
from each club proportioned to the num-
a Of J^n C K t3^ ntered J In J£ e annual re~
gatta will be discussed. The plan seem*
an absolutely fair one and free from all
objection, yet it is meeting with serious
opposition frcTn some quarters.
AL BRISENO, THE MIDGET PLAYER OF
THE LEAGUE, IS A BASEBALL WONDER
SPORTS BASEBALL, YACHTING, GOLF, TENNIS, BOXING
THE_SAy:.FKA^CISCp : :CALL, SATURDAY^ MAT 25, ;19O1 .
1024!)!>. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. 'St. 1 4/ Str. Fin.
(2l5S)McAlbert, 6. 111.... Hoar 2 1% 1% 11
22C3 Lena, a, 115 .Ruiz 3 7 1 3 4 2 2
2WP Morrlssey. a, lll.Alxd 14 2 2 2 3 4
2478 Cromwell, a, U4.Russell 8 8 7 1 4 ',i
2478 Flamtro, 5, lll....Collis 7 6 4 4 4 5 4
24S7 Alicia, -a, 109....Baslngr 4 2 4 51 6 6
21.79 Alee 4, 109... Fauntleroy 5 3n 6 1 7 3
2431 H Hoe, 6, 109..Bozeman 6 5 18 .8
Tlme^,. :12%; M. :234; %. :48U; %>"l|2%
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Wilson's ch. g. by imp.
Albert-Lorena Mac. McAlbert Is Improving
right along. Lena was closing strong. Rus-
Fell on Cromwell ran Into a pocket soon after
etart Flamero can do better. So can Alee.
Scratched— Foul Play 107, Mike Strauss 109,
Ostler Joe 114, The Buffoon 109.
Betting— McAlbert. 15; Lena, 8; Pat Mor
rlnsey - 4; Cromwell, 9-5; Flamero, 10; Alicia,
12; Alee, 7-2; High Hoe, 15.
2408. FIFTH RACE-One mile; Free handi
cap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. >.*. Str. Fin.
(246. r .)Yelloutail. 4, 120... Ruiz 1 2h 11 12
2463 B. Ormonde, 8. 104.Rusll 5 11 2 4 2 %
2463 'T. Fretter. 5. 122.Basngr 3 4 4 3 1 3 S
24«3 Mission. 4, 93 Hoar 4 6 8 4 4 4h
2448 RoEormonde, 6, 106.Alxdr 2 3 4 5 n 5 4
2399 Snips, a, 90 Butler 0 5 % 6 4 6 2
24S; Sunello, 4. 82 Jackson 7 7 7 7
Time-V«. :254: Vs. :«%: %. 1:14%; mile.
l:40»i. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, J. Hacketfs ch. h.
by imp. Watercress-imp. Paloma. Yellowtail
is cherry ripe now and though cut off at- first
turn simply breezed In. Ormonde ran a nice
race Fretter did his best. Rosormonde was
cut off before reaching the stretch. Snips and
Sunello delayed start.
Betting— Yellowtail, 11-5; Beau Ormonde. 9-2;
The Fretter. 9-2: Mission. 12; Rosormonde, 2;
Snips 60; Sunello, 200.
240T. FOURTH RACE-Four furlonn; maid
en two-year-oldg; purae, J300.
Index Horee, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
24C6 h. C. Oreenp, lll.Uajgr 2 1 H ... 1 %
2466 You Vou, 10S Aloxdr 3 2 n ... 2 4
23C3 Murcla. US Shield* 1 8 H ... 3 2
2464 Shell Mount, 115...Collls 5 6 1 ... 4 1H
2466 Lady Carlo. 10;i. ..Power 4 4 4 ... 5 2
, 2443 Flattered. 10& HoarlO 6 4 ... 6 1
L47I Hon. .Sterling. 111. Brown 6 9 1 ... 7 2
2484 Dan Collins, 108..Du;jan 9 8 1" ... 8 2
, 2452 Preslene, 108 .. ..Russell 7 10 1 ... 9
2464 Cay. Popper. 115.. .Ruiz 8 11 ... 10
2464 W»nd'g «oy. ULBurlgmll 7 M ... 11
1464 Gypsy Boy. H8..Haaardl2 12 ... 12
Tlme-U. :23&i; H. :49. Good sUrt. Won
first three driving. Winner, T. E. McLaugh
lln's ch. c. by Bowling Green-Katie, by the
D5or. Winner outfooted Murcla to the turn,
compelling Shields to take up a trifle. You
You closing fast. Shell Mount will bear watch
ing. Lady Carlo outfooted. Dan Collins a bad
actor. •
Betting— B. C. Greene, 16-5; You You. 15;
Murcla. 2; Shell Mount. 10; Lady Carlo, 8;
Flattered. 15; Hon. P. Sterling, 20; Dan Col
lins. 20; Prestene, S: Cayenne Pepper, 15; Wan
dering Boy, 100; Gypsy Boy, 20.
24tt«. THIRD nACE-Flve and a half fur
loncH; three-year-olds and up; puire, 'J350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin,
JtaO True Illue. a. 122....Hulz 2 13 15 1 » '
"4*3 Byron Itone, 3, lOS.Unsiir 8 6 «4 2 3 it
2344 Homage. 3, 107..Hozeman 4 Z 14 3 3 3 8
Z478 Cora UoetK, 3, ]0S. Stuart 3 7 10 IU 4 1
24S2 I I>'t Know, a. 122.RuimU 1 « »i 7 t D v;
2itJ Aurora U. a. KO.Dlnicley S 4 2 6 H 6 2
2374 Hpry Lark, •. 12O.Armittr » 2 h 4 4 7 1'
24, b Monda, B, 122 Hazard It 8 2 8 8 S3
124S Sea Spray, a, 122.J.Alxdr 7 9 t i
TImc-3-lC, :17\; U, :2«H: 4. :4»V4; BV4f. 1:07^.
pood Btart. Won fully. Second and thrid driv
ing. Winner. O. Summers & Co.'« ch. •*. ,by
I>uke of Norfolk-Cannen. Ttub U1u« has b«en
nhowlng nlgmi of lamenea*. which caused the
prtcp. Byron Rota hai no llc»me to beat him.
Honing ran well. I Don't Know outclaawd.
Monda away poorly. Scratched— RaUton 122.
Limb of the Law 107, Kmlle Zola 122, Jack
Rlrhfllc-u Jr. 107.
netting— True Blu», 11-8; Byron Rote, 1-2 j
Homage, 20; Cora OoetE, 80; I Don't Know, 80;
Aurora B 1W); Spry Lark, 100; iftnda. 60; Sea
flpr&y. rr.o.
24O3. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2477 Lento. Ill Fauntleroy 2. 2 1% 1 M-l 2
24K4 St. Sever, 115. Alexander 4 3 % 2 h 2 2
1S65 Marelio, 118. J. Alexander 8 5 1 4 H 3 n
2484 Big Maesle, 118. ..Shields 112 3 h 4 4
24C4 Knockings. 1C8. .Sullivan 7 6 1 5 2 .63
2<49 l-\ Atterbury. lOS.Brlngm 6 i'M 6^61
22.9 Cousin Sue, J15 Powerl2 7 2 7 2 7 2
?123 Resin. 118 ; otia 9 8282 8 1
24F4 Pheny L, 115. Armstrong 3 9 3 93 9 1
2119 Juros. 115 .'....Russellll 10 2 10 3 10 2
2429 Priam. 10S......Bassingerl0 11 2" 11 2 11 2
2484 Lily Dale. 115 Brown 5 12 12 12
2466 Botany, 10S Sheehan Left
Tlme-y*. :24>4: %. ti^. aood start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.. Winner, J.
r»oglee Burk'e ch. c. by Drum Major-Bravura.
On form Lento. looked the winner. -St." Sever,
under good piloting, ran an Improved raceL
Marello did weit" Big Massie stopped. Botany
Is not a good actor.
Betting— Lento. 2: St. Sever, S; Marello, 30;
Big Massie. 6; Knockings. 20: Fred Atterbury,
12; Cousin Sue.. 40; Renln, 30; Pheny L, 60:
Juros. 20;- Priam, 10; Lily Dale, 30; Botany,
Time— 50 yards, :04#; Vt. :24%; %, -ASM; %,
1:14; mile, 1:41; lm 60yds. 1:45. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. "Win
ner, T. J. Fields' b. g. by El Rio Rey-Lady
Dare. For a green hand at the business win
ner is a likely fellow and will bear watching.
Quibo ran a smashing race. Master Cal will
improve. Frank Duffy did not run to form.
Scratched— First Shot 113, Parader 116.
Betting— Rey Dare, 3-5; Quibo, 7; Harry
Thatcher. 13; Master Cal. 10; Frank Duffy. 8;
Firelight II, 200; Carlovignian, 7; Evirato. 200.
THE CULL'S RUCIHG FORM CHART
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Friday,
May 24, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
24U4. FIRST RACE-MIle and seventy yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up; 1 purse, $300.
Index. Horse, T^t, Jockey. St. %: ' Str. Fin.
C483)Hey Dare, 3. 107. .Russell 1 .'1 2 ¦ 1 1% 1 % ;
2174 Quibo, 3, 110...Basslnger 5 3 5 2 3 2 8:
(24S1) H. Thatcher, 4. 113..Sull 2 2 >4> 3 2 ' 3 4
24S3 Master Cal. 3. M7.Tullett 4 5 1 4 6 v : 4 8
2474 Frank Duffy, 4, 113.Collis 8 7 20 6 2 • 6. 2 !
2462 Firelight II. 4, 113. Power 6 6 4 725 63 '
2446 Carlovig'n, 3. 107.Alxndr 3 4 3 6 3 7 25
2470 Evirato. 6, 115.Armstrng 7 8 8, 8
THE PRESIDENT IN SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA! Depicted in the' .Wasp's
Presidential souvenir, number.' Sixty pages
of reception pictures. "25 cents.' - •
Mrs. Kincald, president of the Board of
Education, extends a cordial invitation to
the teachers and public generally to ex
amine the sewing exhibit of tho schools
from 10 to 12 o'clock this mornlnjr.in the
rooms of the board in the City Hall.
Five furlongs— Ercma won, Onomaatus sec
ond, Har\-ey third. Time, 1:05.
CHICAGO, May 24.— Worth summary:
Seven furlongs— Little Elkln won, Form sec
ond. Sculptrew third. Time, 1:31 3-5.
Four and a half furlonss, selling — Haydon
won, Onnest Parham second, Mehasa third.
Time, :£6. .
Six furlor.ge, selllni;— Federal won, Fireside
second. Governor Sayers third., Time. 1:16 2-5.
Mile and a hftlf. selling— Azim won, Excelsis
second, Sunro third. TJm(. .2:44.
One mile nnd a sixteenth, selling—Walken
shaw won, Myth second,' Trebor third. Time,
i:so z-5. ;J\rfj\fWKTtin\mtWVvMVKS^aa
Sewing: Exhibit of the Schools.
Fight Over Ppkei* Game.
J. Kanaka, a Japanese, was Sine defend
ant In Judge Mogan's court yesterday on
a charge of battery. He and two Chinese,
Gee Foo, and Cheo Fook, were playing
poker-sheen in a house on Spofford alley
Thursday, when a j dispute arose. Chee
Fcok dealt, three cards to the other tw»
players, and when there was a i show
down Kanaka had a card too many and
grabbed the stakes, claiming he had won.
Gee Foo accused him of cheating, where
upon Kanaka picked up a chunk of wood
and beat Gee Foo on the head with it. The
c?i.«u will be decided to-day.
LONDON,' May 24.— The full score of
Purcell's "Fairy Queen," which had been
missing for 200 years, has been discovered
in the library of the Royal Academy of
Music. It was among a pile of manu
scripts bequeathed to the academy by R.
J. S. Steven3 In 1837. . ' ;
Famous Music Score Found.
Officers Expect This^ Year's Games to Be the Most
CALEDONIANS WILL CELEBRATE
AS USUAL ON DECORATION DAY
ST. LOi;iS, May 24.— Fair Grounds summary;
F.vo and a half furl-nss— Sharp Bird won,
J.I!rfsurr.m<-r «,econd, Miss Aubrey third. Time,
J-'C'i. ' '¦ '
Tcisr and a half furlongs, celling— Lemuel
won. Marie Bell second. Baby Dixon third.
Time. a7'«.
Six an-l a half furlong, selling— Percy R
Tvon. Harry PuIIlam second, Virgle d'Or third.
Time. 1:2C>4.
Four cjicJ a half farlongs— H«» Oltt won,
I^x Crimea second. Wlnscndlne third. Time,
On* rnilp-Dissenter won. Hottentot s«:ond,
\Vax.Ta:>cr third. Time. 1:45. :"
One mile and nevcnty yard«, selling—Preij
tnme won. Satin Coat «econd. Tea Gown thJra.
Time, 1:51.
CINCINNATI, May 24.— Newport summary:
Six furlonrs, neUlns—PlDt Chip won. By
Cf-orife Bccond, JJrown Vo.ll third. TJme. l:i6'/4.
Four furlonKF-lngo won. Dr. Lovejoy second,
Tcarl Ban third. Tliro, 30%. ¦ '
Hix furlongs-Franc:!? Hees won. Flllbustrr
fffor.d. Sylvan Dell third. Time. 1:11.
one mllp and an «lghtb— Outburst won. IJan
quo cecontl. Charles E»>tc« third. Time, I:oCW.
One mile— Hija won, Tandble second, Ameri
can ITide third; Time. 1:44%. .
Six m»<1 a half furlongs-Obstinate Blmon
won. L*dy Hayman eecond^ Ida Pensance
third. Time, 1:V>%. /
CINCINNATI, May -24.— Latonia summary:.
Peven furloncs-Glips won, Zolo second, Full
I'rcyp third. Time, 1:25. •
Four and a. half furlonira— HarHa _?' on «
Prince Light second. Eeeter Boy third. Time,
:.'$4 - _'>i>"i<Bf"_irirnfmr
Five furlongs-Dr. J." W. Ramsay won. Ot
toman eecond. Lady Bramble third. Time.
3- r ~'4- ¥ui m"I|— IjWIU'llllll llUJL*" IWi^l'
One mile— Choms Bov won, Fantaey second,
DcUy Wagner third. Time. 1:4914.
Four and a half furlcngs— Santa Teresa woj,
Lady -Appleby eecond. Insolence • third. Time,
* s &- ' ¦ ' ' ' '., ;
Eastern Racing.
Probable Winners.
FIrFt race— Catherine Bravo. Rasp, Aphrodis.
Second race— Eacalante, G'.endennlng, Irma
Ih'.ri race— Stromo, Pr. Marks, Taunette.
Fourth race— Princess Titania, Valenclennc.
ilocorito. ''. "-"1 4%
Fifth race— St Cuthbcrt, Mike Strauss, Mee
tajtSM.)
Fixth race— El Mido. Merops, Burdock.
Th'.r3 rnce— Ono ir.ile and a half; four-year
o'^p nr..1 Bl'Wld: sell'rg
*""<7 Trm <"a!vert...li't ?4" T>t. Marks 110
54<<) Trr« Hi-iToon ...UD 2i7t Stromo 114
C4fiT Faunette 103; 24S1 Sylvan Lass ..102
C4SS- Hxpedlcnt !•*•
Tr,t:n'T rar»— Six furloars; three-year-clds
jtiri vrvart: selHng.
?592 Valpncienne ...1C3| 2471 A'.ae 102
£',K0 Donator Ill 24?7 Cartake Ill
1473 Duckoy VO\ 24S2 Mike Rice lOfi
r >4C!r)(-;!; s <. an fl 0 11T; <249^)McAlbert Ill
"it.- r?sda!p lfH. I 24»2 Mocorito 100
1938 Beau Monde. -.109' 21H9 Pria. Titania.. 35
Fifth race — FIk furlongs; three-year-olds and
Epnn: hnn(!icr.r.
'4TS T.I<»ehaTTj5 H7!f!pS)The Miller 35
E3S J r.lchelieu Jr. S0.<2*>i»)Mike Strauss.. .102
CICSJSt. Catbbert...llJU;i61)Doublet US
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards;' four-
V oar-fl3s and upward: sellinp.
V<>4S7)MontalUde ....1&S| 2473 Ping 103
CMSQOatter Joe K^i 244; Merops 109
";SS El Mido 10^1 24S1 Burdock lOo
F~-nl rr.co-Fonr and a half furlongs; two
y"p.r-<-]dF; selling.
2*™ Kuachuca. iO2UI4eS)EEcalante lfoi
:,CS Irr.ia A S7j 24S4 Glendenning ...1C.J
.... Discovery 1M! ;*72 IMvina 101
"*C% Forcus 10C 1 ISIS Al. Josephine.. 97
F!-Rt race— Tuturity course; three-year-olds;
.SCtPmnlts] US', 2<"i Matilda O 11!
•JUS Rbfp til 1STC Spindle Ill
.. 'GlPnir.R 1C9 1 2410 Count Hubert. .114
-121 ApfafoAia li:;(2422)Cath. Bravo ..117
t(7t Vh:\ Archibald. 122! ?4<U Eldred 112
217E Scaitary 103 : 24C4 Companion — 117
To-Day's Entries.
Track Notes.
Gaylon Drown, the well-known turfman,
Is convalescent after a very severe elege
cf pleuro-pneumonla. The many friend*
of Gaylon hope to eee him about the
track again In a few more daya.
Dan Hanlon, owner of Sly and others,
shipped Kant yesterday.
Alter betting had progressed some min
utes on the opening event all bets were
declared off and Parader wan allowed to
be scratched, owing to lamcneas. This
necessitated allowing twenty minutes for
i. new book.
Not long after, In the third race, a
Firr.llar action was necessary, because
Ssulltvan. carded to ride Byron Rose, waa
taken ill. The Judges substituted Bas-
Finger. but it appears that the latter rider
is so far superior to Sullivan that Bouk
n-.akers Roe and Eckert registered a
large kick with the stand. Bets were
i!:r i n declared off. Even money with Sul
livan up. the price fell, strange to relate,
la 3 to 5 when Basslngrer's name was
j.cisted.
The list of probable starters in the
prrat Brooklyn handicap to be run to-day
;* em ffllowp: Banaster 122. Odom:
fetan.lir.g 113. Piggott: Rafaello 111. Mltch
cll: Sidney Lucas lil. Van Dusen; Star
• ritrht 110. T. Burns; Prince McClurg 108.
UcCue; King Bramble 104, Bullman;
Watereure 100. Shaw; Conroy Blues 98,
. Added starterF: All Gold 107,
; Alsike 87, Brennan; Herbert 79.
Smith.
"Yellow" Dorsey. the courteous em
ploye of the California Jockey Club, is
dangerously sick at his home in Oakland
v.ilh typhoid pneumonia.
CAPTAIN HACKETT'S highly
prized chestnut horse Yellowtail
did himself proud at Oakland yes
terday. The big f un picked up 120
pounds in the mile handicap, and
judiciously ridden by Ruiz made his
neld look like a lot of scapegoats. And
behind him trailed «uch shifty perform
ers as Beau Ormonde, The Fretter and
Kcsormonde. In the betting his eeverul
disappointing races in the past caused
me price to recede from 6 to 5 to 2Vi to 1.
Cut oft at the lirst turn, Ruiz took mat
ie -s quietly to the stretch, tnen passing
Beau Ormonde won whistling in 1:40^.
i-'nving hara The Fretter lost the place
io Beau Ormonde by less than a length,
tarrying top weight, 1^2 pounds. Rosor
mor.de, the actual favorite at post time,
n-nished back in the ruck after showing
same early speed.
The fields were large and unwieldy,
abounding with bad actors and actresses.
Two favorites only were able to keep
above the surface, while McAlbert fur
nished the surprise by scoring at odds of
Bd to 1 in thg closing sketch.
With Parader out of the way, Rey
I>are, at short odds, made quick work of
his Held in the first number at a mile
and seventy yards. The lop-eared brown
colt made all the running and was not
hi'rd pressed lo beat Quibo and Harry
Thatcher.
Thirteen maiden two-year-olds then
lined up at four furlongs. J. Naglee
Burk's Lento was made- favorite on
terra and nailing Big Massie in the
stretch, got an early decision. Alexander
landed fat. Sever second two lengths
ahead of Marello.
it was common gossip about the ring
that True Blue had been showing unmis
takable signs of lameness in bis work
ana this was a factor in sending his
price back to 11 to 5 in the speculating
nn the Jive and a half furlong sprint next
decided. The smart ones unloaded on
UjTon Rose, and True Blue jogged home
the handiest of winners in 1:0/ Vi- Hom
age, at 20 to 1, ran third.
A second edition of maiden two-year
clds taw twelve face the barrier. Murcla
ruk-d a mild favorite, and after ex
hibiting considerable fpeed ran third.
liaf linger reached the wire first on B. C.
Greene, the second choice, downing .You
Vnu Jess than a length.
Big thing* were expected of Cromwell,
flayed down to favoritism In the betting
<.n the last seven-furlong run, but Run*
*<ell early ran into a pocket and wan un
placed. Leading almost from the start,
.McAlbert* piloted by Hoar, ran Into the
j>ipr flnt. a boat length before Lena,
tshow honors went to 1'at MorrisBey.
Easy Winner of the Handicap at Oakland
From Beau Ormonde and The Fretter.
* . : — * , — : —
YELLOWTAIL RUNS LIKE
STAKE HORSE ONCE MORE
COURSING, RACING AND CALEDONIAN GAMES SPORTS
.James Langtry, longshoreman, ¦ 332 Rltch
Btreet," was sentenced to- thirty, days in
the County Jail by Judge Fritz i yesterday
on the charge; of cruelty, to>children. His
.wife Maggie. was. sentenced to sixty.' days.
The two youngest' children have. been sent
to 'Mount St. Joseph j Orphan Asylum 'and
the oldest to the Children's Home. 'SMttSj
Langtryv Parents Sentenced.'
Japanese Notable in Town.' - •
'.'_¦ ','Y. * Tsumaki, : head > expert of . the -Cus
toms Building, Bureau of the Finance De
partment,] Toklo,- Japan"— such la 'the title
on his ' . card— visited Customs • Collector
Stratton v; yesterday ¦morning,. and was
shown ¦• through < the '"¦'¦ Custom-house/ ¦ Mr.
.Tsumaki 'has been ordered by; nis Govern-'
ment to : visit \ the ¦ principal Custom-houses
In -America 'and Europe for the purposa ot
studying their arrangement I and« methods.-
' . Railroad Bond Cas a Submitted.
vThe appeal In the case of , Charles 'W.
Smith against C..K. King as administra
tor "of the estate of J.W. Smith; deceased,
and the California Safe Deposit and Trust'
Company was argued yesierday: and sub
mitted before the 1 United States Circuit
Court -, of • Appeals. Mr. . Smith- won the
case in the United States Circuit Court a
few months ago, * the suit involving the
ownership of a block of bonds of the Cali
fornia and XeAfida Railroad Company.-
The -preliminary examination of Dr.-R.
E.' Bunker on the charge of murder in
connection with the death of Ja.ne.BouIl
laguet, a governess, was concluded before
Judgo Cabanlss yesterday and the court
.reserved decision till May 28. The wit
nesses examined for the defense yesterday
were Dr. E. S. Howard,. Dr." E. I* Cross,
Dr. C. E. Parent, Mrs. Nellie Lelnharde
and A. W. Martin, undertaker.
Dr. Bunker's Examination.
The Board of. Public Work3 opened bids
yesterday for repaving with basalt blocks
the roadway on- Front . street between
¦Washington and Jackson. J. J. Dowllng.
bid $4613 81, City Street Improvement Com
pany W523 93. and FHnn & Treacy $4300 21. ¦
For the crossing at Clay and Front streets
Dowling bid $1090 09. City Street Improve
ment Company -J101S 48, and. Flinn A
Vreacy $115!) 87. This morning the board
will award the , contracts, respectively, to
Flinn & Treacy. and the City Street Im
provement Company, they being the low
est bidders. :2iHttf|"Xlk4HMHHtaMM
Bids for Bepaving Front Street.
JUS NEW YORK, May 24.-rThe preliminary
trials to-day for intercollegiate .athletic
championships took place j at Berkeley
oval. The ' finals will be held to-morrow
afternoon."' Yale seems to be the^favorite
with Harvard and Princeton close up to
the front.. The summaries: . •
j 100-yard j run, trial heat— Won .. by^ H. H.
Cloudman. Bowdoln ; ' G. S. Westney, Penn
sylvania, second.; Time, :10'2-5. .' '" . \ ' .
Second- heatj-^Won "by F. M. ; Sears, Cornell;.
J. -B. McL.aln,"' Pennsylvania, '¦ second. Time,
:10 1-5. •- • '-. " - . •• ¦ , ¦ • ¦ ,
Third heat— Won by M.. T. : Llghtner, Har
vard, " G. Cook, Pennsylvania, second. Time,
:M 1-5. , : ... . . ¦ .-,¦-. , \ •
, Fourth heat — Won by "A. F. Duffee, • George
town: R. M; Insham,. Yale,' second. Time, ":10.
Fifth hem— .Won by C. Dupree, Yale; I. E.
Halght, Harvard, eecond. Time, v:10.
Sixth haat— Won by. N. H. Hargrrave, Yale;
E.. H.- Goodman .Jr., Pennsylvania, second.
Time. : 10 1-5. • . • .
Heats for eecond men: First heat— Won by
G. S.vAVcstncy, Pennsylvania.^ Time, :10 2-6. •
¦ Second ; hea t— Won , by VJ. . B. ' McLaln.v Penn
sylvanla. - Time, :10 1-5. ¦ • •
¦ Putting- 16-pound ¦. ehot, . trlal3— R. 'Sheldon.:
Yale, 43 feet- 9Vi" inches ; F; Beck, Yale.%43
feet C. Robinson, Harvard,- «:¦ feet'
4 inches ;-S. G. Kills; Harvard. 40 feet 7 Inches;
SA."-D Gill,'' Yale,; 40 feet 1U Inches.. ' - :. ,• ,. .
' ;\ Half-mile ; run, . trials: " First heat— Won : by
H> W. Hayea, ' Michigan ; J. : M. .; Perry, Prince- '
ton, second.. Time; 2:02 1-6. ' '. . ¦ ¦ ,
Second heat— Won by 'H. E. Hastings, Cor
nell;- D. W.. Fanshot,.. Yale, second. Time,
2:01 2-5. .' r . "¦; ¦ ¦•¦•-•' •
120-yard hurdle, ¦ trial heat— First , heat— Won
by E. - E. Clapp; . Yale; • J. C. Willis, . Harvard,
second. ' Time. ¦ :15 4-5." / . ..¦¦ 1P
¦Second heat — Won by J. H. Converse,; Har
vard; A.'-D. Chllds, Princeton, ¦ second. Time,.
¦:M 1-5. ' ¦¦...' " .-•¦¦• -- • . ¦•'¦ ¦'¦ -,
;-. Third heat— Won^by Walter Flshleigh, Mich
igan ; J. W. - Hallowell, Harvard, ¦ Becond.'.Tlme,".
-':ie i-5.-^tfujmemf'V^i*vrs^f''»6y»iym^
; 440- yard run, . first " trial heat won by E. ¦ C.
Rust, Harvard; -'J. Duffer, Michigan, second.
Tlme,' ; 50 1-3' seconds. 1 ¦ •..,-¦....--.
t Second 1 heat— Woniby J.I. Manson. Harvard;
.W. Holland," Georgetown. 'second: Time,: :E2 1-5."
;- 220-yard ? hurdle, -first; trial heat — Won "by. J;
G.'. Willis, s Harvard ; H. . H.- Lyon, Cornell, ;, sec
ond.'l'Tlme,-:23 3-5w "v*>-;- : '"¦',' ' , : •
¦ Second '. heat— Won by . J. H. • Converse, Har
vard;-W..G. Purcellr Cornell, second. Time!
• :2Cl-5. .- ¦-¦:¦ '¦¦-.¦¦-¦ . "-" <:.<•¦ •:; ¦ ¦ ¦ : . .
' Third . heat— Won by. s J. B.", Thomas,' .Yale ; r E. ',
: H. Goodman f Jr.,- Pennsylvania, ? second. Time
,:25 3-5."V*^i;;*%^-/r.>^? J f«sa!'Wp»te-. '.'- ' •¦•' ¦ • ¦ ••
- Throwing !•¦/ sixteen-pound , hammer— j; - R.
Eastern College Men En
! gage in the Trials on
Berkeley Oval — Yale
Seems to Be Favorite
CHAMPIONSHIP
AT H L E T I C
CONTESTS.
E. G. Rodolph, who was one of the com
mittee on racing, vehemently denounced
the manner, in which the privileges were
let yesterday. . Mr. Rodolph; said some
body had profited handsomely by the
transaction. Ho was particularly- out
spoken about the surreptitious course
pursued by Chairman McMenomy ami hla
haste to give the privileges . to Young
without the full committee's concurrence..
"I was prepared to bid as high uk $2500
for the. betting. ring,'-' said»Harry -Corb«tt
yesterday. "Sam Hammond presented my
offer and was Informed, that McMenomy
had turned all privileges over- to Young.
I was jobbed, and that is all. there is
tO-it." • ;¦• •• ' ¦ ••¦ • ' : :'- ' '»-..:
,.' George Rose last night confirmed the
report that he offered Secretary Gilbert
$2000 and a guarantee of $10,000 as an cvl
donce of good faith. . ;; • ¦ * ,
"There was something wrong In .the
manner the deal was engineered." said
Rose, "Young rounded up/ the right peo
ple, according to Gilbert; and nobody else
had a chance. I tried to give Young the
amount he paid for tho ring: and take 50
per cent of his bargain. .There was noth
ing doing.'' • '
It Is said the matter will be brought to
thf attention of the full board at. its next
meeting, and ¦ meanwhile McMenomy is
having his own , troubles. H^^8^^mj»
On butchers' daw Caesar Young- "skin
ned the lamb" at Oakland. According to
his own statement,, he^clearod $S000. : The
Brices laid' in his six Mokson the various
events would have astonished the shell
workers on Guttenberg Hill. ;
Young's Big Profits.
J. La Coste. Chairman McMenomy pre
sented Young's offer of $1000, and stated
it -was $200 more than the price paid last
year. He neglected to point out, however,
that formerly the racing season had been
over for weeks when the butchers had
their holiday, and therefore the conces
sionaires did not have a chance to book
on running races. This year the Califor
nia Jockey Club practically surrendered
one of its racing dates to the butchers,
which action enhanced the , value- of the
concessions threefold. On ' McMenomy 's
recommendation Young's bid was immedi
ately accepted. . .
Three weeks ago Harry Corbett began
to scout for the privileges and sent to
Sam Hammond, one of the committee, an,
offer of $2000 for them. About the same
time George Rose offered- J. M.. Gilbert,
secretary of the Butchers' Board, <2000,
and wanted to post $10,000 in cash to .bind
the contract. « Gilbert naively informed
him that the privileges had been awarded
to Young, and, furthermore, he couldn't
have, got, them anyway. ¦ Rose subsequent
ly offered Young a handsome bonus for
50 per cent of his bargain, but it was,de
clined. • ' ¦ .
Sciences Hall last night before California
Association No. 3 on "The Man and the
Engine." In an interesting manner he
demonstrated that the engine takes on
the characteristics of the man that has
charge of it, and that the man takes on
the characteristics of the, engine. JHe
showed that if the engine is of low pres
sure and does its work in an easy, quiet
manner the engineer will be found to be
of a quiet, easy-going manner, while It it
is a high pressure one the engineer will
be ' found to be a high-pressure ¦ man.
whose - advanced ideas would be out of
place alongside of an old-time engine.
Then; again, he said that there is a class
of engines that -require a man at the
throttle all the time to cave them from
going to wreck and there Is a class of
men who have to have some one at their
throttle all tho time, and oftentimes it is
the wives who lake that position and save
the men. In closing he said that^an in
telligent engineer who Is In charge of an
intelligent engine must always be three
or four revolutions ahead of hla engine or
he will find .that instead of controlling it
it will control and make a slave of him.
MAN" AND THE ENGINE
COMPARED IN. A LECTUBE
Interesting Address Delivered by
George W. Dick*»j4£ the Union J
;*• Iron WoriLsl
George W. Dickie of the Union Iron
Works lectured . in the. Academy of
Scarcely had the excitement attendant
upon the steer race subsided Wednesday
when the complaints of the butchers be
gan to go the rounds -and create strife in
the Inner circles of their Boardiof Trade.
One Indignant knight of the chopping
block asserts that Young stolo a march by
delivering divers meat contracts to the
chairman of the committee,, who In turn
delivered the profitable grama of laying
against everything from a 'potato to a
steer race, to say nothing of five regular
races between thoroughbreds, a . conces
sion never before enjoyed by the pencllers
who have controlled the ring on butchers'
day In previous years.
Young Had Influence,
It Is certain Young had great Influence In
the weights when ho lanaod the prize, for
others of his fraternity were laying awake
nights waiting for a chance to pay twice
the sum ¦ he surrendered for the ¦ betting
ring privileges. ¦¦• There were nine members
on tho racing committee besides Chairman
McMenomy. Several weeks ago, it la al
leged, a hurried call was sent out for a
meeting, at which It was proposed to dis
pose of the betting; concessions; Several
of the men on the committee declare-they
got no notice of the • meeting. The ., only
members who responded were J. -H. ¦ Mc-
Menomy; E.'- J. Taaffe, -H.\,Westphal'; and
A rare scandal is brewing in .the Butch
ers' Board of Trade over the action of the
committee in charg^ of the racing at Oak
land on butchers' day in allotting the bet
ting privileges to;. Bookmaker Caesar
Young. for a sum just one-half of that of
fered by both Harry Corbett and George
Rose. .
The wrath of several of the most influ
ential members the board is leveled at
the head of John H. McMcnomy, chairman
of the committee, who is said to have dis
pensed with the formality of asking for
competitive bids and assumed the respon
sibility of doling out the various privi
leges at his own. sweet will. Several, of
the indignant butchers declare the
board lost a handsome sum by this pro
cedure, and others go farther. and openly
charge collusion, especially in the disposal
of the betting rights.
Rose and Corbett Offer
Double Sum Given for
the Betting Ring Privi
lege by Caesar Young
BUTCHERS ROW
OVER THEIR
HOLIDAY.
THE thirty-fifth annual gathering
and games of the Caledonian Club
at Shell Mound Park May 30 will
be held under the auspices of the
officers of tho club, who are: A. M.
Macpherson, chief; Andrew McNair, first
chieftain; F. F. Finlay. second chieftain;
James H. Duncan, third chieftain, and
J. W. Cameron, fourth chieftain. . These
officers have determined to make the
games, being the first of the new cen
tury, the most successful in the history
made for the entertainment of the guests
of- the club in the "tent," which will be
in charge of First Chieftain Andrew Mc-
Nair, assisted by such well-known 'men
as Colonel Thomas McGregor of. the
Ninth Cavalry, Colonel C. L. Taylor, ex-
Chiefs John Reid, D. R.. McNeill. D. A.
Macdonald, J. F. Kennedy, Colin M. Boyd
and Christopher Chiaholm, John D. Mc-
Gilvray, George Davidson, John McLaren,
Joseph M. Cumming -and many others.
All may expect a genuine Highland wel
come. , '
There are forty events on the pro
gramme, including the usual athletic con
tests in which Scotchmen excel, and all
the favorite Scotch dances. Two-thirds
of the events are open to all comers, and
as the prizes this year are unusually lib
eral, competitors have, signified the'r in
tention of being present at the games'
from the East and from all points on the
Pacific Coast. Arrangements have been
of tho club, and they havo personally
taken a keen interest in the work of the
various sub-committees.
/. ¦ ¦ v ¦ ¦ • . . •
OFFICERS OF THE CAKEDONIAN SOCIETY WHO HAVE CHARGE OF THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE AN
NUAL GATHERING AND GAMES OP THE WELL-KNOWN SCOTTISH ORGANIZATION TO BE HELD AT
SHELL MOUND PARK ON DECORATION DAY. , -
. . ,¦ ¦. ,- ,..i-;r, ,.,.;..,.-.^.- :. '¦¦-': ¦¦-¦ ¦¦; ; •'¦
made so that all -trains 'coming from "tEe
north on the, morning of the- games and
all trains leaving, in the. evening will stop
at the park for the convenience, of visit
ors. Dancing will be carried on in the
pavilion from morning till night 'to the
music of iFairgrleve*' 8- orchestra. 1 '¦
Elaborate \ arrangements ¦ • have l ; been 1
. ¦•. ¦• -v : - \" . "*•'.¦¦- .-"\ j- ¦;¦¦¦'".-'.'• *¦•¦- " .: ' '¦".-"•":¦¦• ... - -
Fifth race, 2:30 class, two In ¦ three— James
O'Kane's Sandow, J. Doran's Lady G, H.
Schottler's Alameda Maid, F. Gommet's La
fayette.
OfHcialsr Judges— J. C. KIrkpatrlck. H. B.
Slocum, F. G. O'Kane. Starter— T. J. Crow
ley. Timers — L. E. Clawson and F. J. Vet
ter. { Racing secretary— H. F. Patrick.. Mar
shal—Dr. I. B. Dalzlel. • -•:
Fourth face, free for all, two in three— R.
Miller's Goldle. D. E. Mlzner*s Sable le
Grande. H. H. Dunlap's King Cadenza, Wil
liam Van Kuren's Mattie B. -
. Third race, teams, mile dash— E. H. Algel
tlnger's Our Joe and Ivan, ¦ A. F. Jacobs'
Eden Vale and Crescent. E. F. Sachs' Davn
Newman and Leon Franks. Charles Newman's
Maud Newman and Neerbell.
First race, 2:40 class, two In three— Dr
McLaughlln's A B P. M. M. Donnelly's
Pious; Dr. Dalzlel'g Belle, H. F. Patrick's
Denny Healey."
Second race, 2:20 class, two In three— E H.
Aigeltlnger's Bobby J, A. J.' Jacobs' Eden
Vale, C. E. Parks' Imp. F. W. Miller's Lady
Falrose, J. P. Curley's Prince C, J. " G. Cln
cello's Porto . Rico. Nell Prendergast'a Boi-
Uver.
On Decoration day at Tanforan tho
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
will hold Its annual race day.. The entries
and the events are as follows:
DRIVERS WILL
HOLD RACES
BOSTON. May 24.— Plttsbursr won to-day's
game by batting out four singles In the eighth
Inning; Attendance BCO. Score: ;
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston ..' 4 ( 6
Plttsburt* «¦ .7 2
Batteries— La wson and Moran; Tannehlll and
Zimmer. Umpire— O' Day.
NEW YORK, May 24.— New York again took
Cincinnati Into camp at the Polo Grounds.
Attendance 4260. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
New York 1 8 3
Cincinnati- .0* .» 3
Batteries— Mat thewson and Smith: Phillips
and Bertren. Umprie — Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. May 24.— The home team
defeated St. Louis to-day In a close and excit
ing game. Attendance 2420. Score:
Clubs— R. ' ' H. E.
St. Loula .l...« .. 0
Philadelphia 6 " T"; ,».
Batteries— Sudhoff and Nlchola; White and
McFarland. ' Umpires— Nash and Cunningham.
BROOKLYN, May 24.— The Brooklyn! turned
the tables on the Chicago* to-day, batting out
•n easy victory. Attendance 170O. 8cor«:
Club*- B. , H. E.
Chicago V •!« I
Brooklyn 15 17 1
Batteries— Eaaon and Dexter: Donovan. Mc-
Qulre and Farr«U. Umpire— Emstl«.
AMERICAN LEAOUE.
DETROIT, May 24.— Detroit shut out Bo»ton
this 'afternoon. Attendance 2120. Score:
Club*- It H. E.
Detroit *.... 3 I.> ; •
Boston -j • 0 • ,' I
¦ Batteries— Miller and Bur low; BeviUa and
Crleer.
CLEVELAND, May 24.— Up to th« ninth In*
nlng the vlaltors were ihut out, but they than
scored five runs and tied th« game. Datknosa
ended the content after Cleveland had fallod
to score In the ninth. Attendance 1100. Scon:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cleveland f 5 M- , »
Washington S 10 0
Batteries— Scott, - Moors and Wood; Gear and
Clark.
MILWAUKE. Ulay ' 24.— Milwaukee- Baltimore
American League postponed: cold weather.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
8. Left on bases — San Francisco 7. Sacramento
11. Struck out — By Iburg 3. by Doyle 3.- Dou
ble play— Devereaux to Courtney to Haalon.
Time of frame— Two hours and fifteen minutes.
Umpire— O'Cpnnell.- Scorer— Rutherford.
. • ? •
Ball Games in the East.
Runs responsible ¦ for— Iburg IS, DoVle 1,
Home runs— McLaugblln. Stanley. Strtcklett.
Three-baee ! hlta^ — Ibargr. ' Hanlon. " Two-base
hits— Hildebrand. Croll. Doyle. McGucken,
Hanlon, Devereaux, McLaughUn, Stricklett.
First base on errors— San Francisco 1. Sacra
mento 6. First base on called balls— OS Iburp
SUMMARY.
San Jtancisco 1 0 0 0. 1 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits ...: 2 1 2 0 111 10—9
Sacramento .' 1 0 9 12 12 0 4—20
Base hits .,...0 0 9 12 12 14-2)
SACRAMENTO.
- ¦ AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. s» 7 3 2 1 3 4*
McLaughUn. If .... 8 -3- 4 0 2 0 0
Courtney,; 2b 4 ' 2 ' 1*0 3 4 0
Doyle, p 7 1 3 0 1 J 0
HcOucken. cf 6 2 1.0 8 . 0. '0
Hanlon, lb .".: 8 3 1 10 - t ' •
Stanley.c 5 2 2 0 ' 3 '• 0 »
Sheehnn, 3b .3 2 11 2 5 1
Striclilett, rf ,.6 2 3 0 1 0 '0
Totals ........50 20 20 3 27 17 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '¦
Dewltt Princeton, 149. feet 4Vs inches: W. A.
Boal, Harvard. 136 feet 94 Inches; T. T. Hare,
Pennsylvania. 131 feet 3% Inches; C. P.
Walles, Cornell, 127 feet V& Inches; T. C.
Brown; Yale. 127 feet. ¦ •
220-yard run, trial heats: First heat— won by
H H. Cloudman, Bowdoln; J. Anderson, Penn
sylvania; second. Time. :Z2. • .
Second heat— Won by F. M. Sears, Cornell;
N H.'Hargraves, Yale, second. Time, :21 3-5.
' Third; heat— Won by J. W. Wesley. Penn
sylvania; C. D. Young, Cornell, . second. Time,
• V2 1-5. r . - .
Fourth heat— "Won by Preston Edmlston,
Georgetown ;; E. . H. Webb, Harvard, second.
Fifth heat— Won by J. E. Haight. Harvard;
J Watson. Cornell, second. Time. . :22 1-5.
'Sixth - heat- Won. by CD. Dupee, Yale; M.
T ' Llghtner, Harvard, second. Time, :24.
Heats for second men: First 1 heat— Won by
N. H. Hartcraves. Yale. Time, :23 1-5.
Second hc-at— Won by M. T. Llshtner, Har
*". Running broad Jump— The following qualified:
R U Kennedy, Columbia, 21 feet 6 3-5 lnch«j;
A* W Ristlne, Harvard. 21 feet 5 3-5 Inches;
W FishloiKh. Michigan. 21 feet 4 4-5 Inches;
H'H Cloudman, ltowdotn, 21 feet 3 9-10 Inches;
H* C Breneman. Columbia, 21 feet 11-5 Inches.
Half-mile bicycle race, trials: First heat—
Won by E. W. Farley; Yale; G. ¦ O.'W. Voor
hees Pennsylvania, second. ¦ Time, 1:08 3-5.
¦ Second hcnt»-Won by F. T. Jlaaon. Yale:'
B I 'Rlpley, Princeton.- second. ¦ Time; 1:07 3-5.
Third heat— Won by^ S. :W. McClcave • Jr.,'
Princeton; T. Webster, Yale, second. Time,
1-07. . . .MWICQi **w>«»tiM&£aBNHI M*>4
Running ¦ high Jump— The following qualMed
for to-morrow: CM. Roach. Harvard; S. G.
EUts. ' Harvard, and S. S. Jones, 1 Yale, each
clearing 5 feet 9 inches. . C.W.. Curtis, Prince
ton, and W. . C Lowe, . Syracuse, cleared - S ,
feet 6H • inches.'- . ~
Event No. 1— Olympic Gun Club trophy; 20
Event No. 2— San Francisco Gun " Club tro-
Dhy 20 birds; entrance, $2. . • . ' • : - ¦ . ?
Event No. .3— Empire Gun Club trophy; 20
birds; entrance. $2. .¦¦¦'•¦ '
Event No. ¦ 4— Gold Dust medal; 20 birds; en
trance, .$2. In, this event any brand of powder
° a Event No. 5— Garden City Gun Club trophy;
20 birds: entrance. J2. . ..-*.¦
Event No. 6— Antioch six- man team. trophy;
20 birds per man; entrance, $12 per team. Three
moneys— 50, 30 and 20 per cent. High" teams
win. . '.¦¦¦• ..-.:. l'~ ¦'¦,"'.¦
SECOND DAT.
Fvent Xo. 1— "Cinch Bros." trophy (M. O.
•Feudner, A. J. Webb. C. C. Nauman); 20 birds;
en Ev a enf'No 2 " 2-E. T. Allen trophy; 20' birds;
eI Event e No. 3— Association trophy; 20 birds; en
tr Event No. 4-<3olcher, trophy; 20 birds; en-
5— Union Gun Club trophy; 20
birds; entrance. 12. ¦ ¦•
Event No. 6— Crystal Palace three-man team
trophy; 25 birds per man; entrance. $7 50 per
team. Trophy must be won three times to be
come the property of any one club. High teSma
to win. -Three moneys— 50, 30 and 20 per cent.
First team takes trophy and first money.
FIRST DAT.
To-day the ninth annual tournarrent or
the California Inanimate Target Associa
tion will open at Ineleside. It will last
two days, and judging by the number of
entries received last night it will prove
one of the best ever held by the associa
tion. The best trap shots of tl^Stato
are entered and the contests-bid fair to be
very close and' exciting. 4 . .
Nearly a score of country, members ar
rived in town yesterday and went imme
diately to Ingleside for practice. Judging
by the averages they made they will give
their city brothers a close run for the
money prizes.
The grounds at Ingleside have been
thoroughly equipped to accommodate the
attendance of local shooters and those vis
iting from interior points. The association
will have entire charge of the grounds
during the shoot and all Profits derived
from the trapping of birds will go into the
association treasury. -- •
Following is the programme oft events
for both days:
TRAP SHOOTERS
IN TOURNAMENT
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Hlldebrand. If ...... 4 0 3 0. 3 0,1
Schwartz. 2b 4 ,1 1 ,0 3. 6 2
Krug M 4. 0 1 0 2 4 2
PabBt. lb .# 4 0 1 0 W 8 1
Nordyke rf 4 0 1 0 3 2 0
Croll, ci 4 0 1.0 1 0 0
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 4 11
Rellley, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 !•¦ 0
Iburg, p ...*. 4 11 0 1 0 0
• Totals 36 2 9 s 0 27 17 7
BAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO, May 24.— Sacramento
?;ave San Francisco a frightful drubbing
o-day, the score -standing 20 to 2. .Iburg
occupied the box for the visitors and was
hammered all over the field. Doyle was
touched up freely but kept tho hits well
scattered. Deiplte tho score the gamo
was interesting from a batting , stand
point. The score:
Iburg Was Hammered.
Runs responsible for— Johnson E, Babbitt 3.
Home runs— Hutchinson, Dunleavy. Two- base
hits— Btrelb, Kelly, Prancka, Brtseno. First
base on errors— Los Angeles 3, Oakland 1.
First base on called balls— Los • Angeles 3.
Oakland 1. Left on bases— Los Angelta 5,
Oakland 2. Struck out— By Johnson 1, by Bab
bitt 2. . Hit by pitcher— Rellly. Double plays—
Francks to Arrellanes to Decker. Francks to
Decker, Francks to Arrellanes. Passed ball —
Lohman. Time of came — 1 hour and 30 mln
utei. . Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer— H,
S. McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 1*0 10 0 0 3 0 0—5
Base hits "..3 0 1110 3 1 0—10
Oakland 4 0 0 4 0.0 0 1 •- 9
Base hits 5 1 0 3 0 0 1 1 •— 11
Totals 34 9 11 0 27 21 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
r , . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Drennan, cf.. ........ 3 1 0 0 2 2 0
Strelb,..rf 4 2 2 0 0.0 0
Decker, lb... 4 * 1 2 0 11 1 0
Arrellanea, 2b ...... 4 1 1 0 3 7 0
Dunleavy, If 4 2 2 0 3 0 1
Francks, s.b 4 1 2 0 2 3 3
Moore, 3b 4- 0 0 0 1 4 0
Lohman, o 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Babbitt, p .8 12 0 14 0
Totals ...'. ...84 5 10 3 24 f 10 " ' 4
'OAKLAND. ' ¦¦,
; --¦ -• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft, - rf ,5 •¦ 1'. 2 0 8 0 1
Kelly, s.s.... ...5 1 • l' 0 3 S 0
Hutchinson, -^ lb v'8 2 11(00
Householder, >cf....'. 4 0 2 1 2 0 1
Spies, o».»..» .....8 0 0 0 2 3 0
C.RellIy, 3b. ... 8 0 2 0 6 1 2
Bowman, K 3 ' 0' 1 11' 0 0
Briseno,- 2b... ..4- 11 0 1 0 0
Johnson, p K 0 0 0 13 0
LOS.. ANGELES.
-In;, the -first Inning, the fun began. Loa
Angelea scored three. hits, but made but
one run . from* them, v Then Oakland came
to the .bat and fell upon 'Johnson for five
hits and four, 'runs. resulted.'. .
¦ 'Donohueiana Householder had a differ
ence over a called strike and now House
holderAs $5 : poorer. The score: -
The Dudes won the second game of the
series ¦ yesterday afternoon, not so much
by . any meritorious , work on their own
part but . because - Youngey -Johnson was
easy in 'bunches and the Los Angeles men
fielded In ragr&ed ?form. The hitting on
both sides was terrific at times and the
support shaky. • . ¦
Hutchinson put the ball over 'the center
field-fence in the seventh when one Angel
was' restinj? on. a sack.- In the eighth in
ning Dunleavy drove the spheroid over the
right field fence and .thus evened, up mat
ters, t The other feature of the game was
a sensational catc|| in left field by Bow
¦man.^4 •.¦¦;.' . •„-•„
DUDES FIND JOHNSON
IN SEVERAL INNINGS
Iburg Is Batted Out of the Box at Sacra
mento==Locals Are Slaughtered.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALLj SATURDAY,!: MAY , 25, 1901:'
11NEW YORK, May 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,000; exports.: 3633 -. barrels. Quieter and a
shade ' lower . to sell. ,'- ]
WHEAT— Receipts, 266,950 bushels; exports,
80, 191. bushels.. Spot market, easy; No. 2 red.
81%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern ' Duluth, 84%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 84%c f. ,0. b. afloat. Op
tions opened steady on small Argentine ship
ments and at once eased off under realizing, 1
bearish Northwestern crop news, poor out
side demand I and short selling. Closed easy
at Me net loss. May, '79 13-16@80ftc; July.
78 7-16@79c; closed, 7S%c; September, 75 9-16®
76c: closed, 75%c.
HOPS— Quiet. ;
HIDES— Dull. .
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot. Rio, quiet; No. -7 invoice,
6 5-16C Mild, quiet: Cordova. 8U@12%c. Cof
fe.e futures closed barely steady and net un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales, 9000
bags, including: May, 5.40c; July, 5.50c; Sep
tember, 5.65c; October, 5.65@5.70c; March, 6.05
@6.10c.
, -SUOAR— Raw, flrm but quiet; fair refining,
3»ic; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molasses su
gar, 3Hc. Refined, flrm.
BUTTER — Receipts, 4534 packages. Steady;
creamery, 15® 18c; factory, 1 Kg 13c. .
EGGS— Receipts, 10,290 packages. Steady;
Western, ungraded, lttiQ^c; Western select
ed, 13<gil3&c.
DRIED FRUITS.
; NEW YORK, May 24.— The market for evap
orated apples was without change as to price
to-day, -but held tolerably steady in tone ow
ing to a lack of selling orders. State, com
mon, 8ii?4c; prime, 4@4%c; choice,' 6@5V4c; fan
cy. 6(fJ6Hc • ¦ ;• ¦.' ••¦• •"• * •
California /dried .'fruits _were ,; Inactive- but
steady. - • . - - -- - , . .. -
* PRUNES— 3US"c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8',i@
13c.
' PEACHES— Peeled, 12^(8200: unpeeled, 5Vi
©lOc. • . ¦ '
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
LIVERPOOL':-" - ,
• .Wheat— . ¦' ' July. Sept.
Opening : -5 10% . 5 10
Closing.............. 5 11 5 10V4
; '.- " ¦ • PARIS. ;• '.' ¦¦ -."'; - -•.
Wheat— ' ' May. > July- Aug.
Opening 20 25 . 20 S5
Closing 20 20 it 20 85
... Flour — . " .. . . ¦'' ".'
Opening/.. 25 R5- . r 26 10
Closing .........'...:....:.....¦.. 25 50 26 10 "
'New York -Metal Market. -
"'NEW /STORK,;- May 24.— The metal "market In
London to-day 'adjourned at 'noon to be. closed
until Tuesday morning In observance of Whit
suntide : holidays..- ' During the}', short. "¦• '• session
very little' business- was transacted other! than
evening , up j trade and . this was , done . at ' the
previous 'day's, prices. ',,. The close -., was '..quiet
at .; £129 .10s ' for,: futures. The 'local » market ' for.
tiniwas : also. quiet .and .without*.change.Vclos
ing 'quiet -at' $28 15028 45. t;. Copper ! in a Ixindon
was, reduced '2s 6rtr further,'* closing -easy -with
spot, at. £G9; 6s, 3d and futures at £69 I63 3d.
Foreign Futures.
Business was quiet on the . Bond Exchange
and quotations showed little change.
The oil exchanges continued to make ' a fair
record of sales, . though prices stood about as
before. Petroleum Center I was active . In the
afternoon at 3<&Cc.
•The Pacific Lighting Company has increased
Its monthly dividend from 30c to " 35c.'- • The
nevt dividend at the new rate will be paid
June 5. , ¦> « t.
STOCK A3TD BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY; May Zt-2 p. m.
UNITED . STATES BONDS.
lii.l.Ask 1 . '. f Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.113%114 [4s qr cp (new)13S%133
43 quar reg 113%U4 13s quar coup.lC9.110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDSV '. v
Bay Co P 5s. 104% — Oceanic ';..... .102%103
Cal-st 53 .....117% — Omnibus RS«. 126 —
C C Watm; Ss.lOSHllO Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P es.123%133% Pk &-CH 6s.lO5 —
Fer & Cl K Cs.116% - Pk & O R «s.ll7 —
Oeary-st .Is -.. — — Powl-st.R te.120 —
H C & S»3»,4a.in«U — .- Sac E O R 5a. — 100
Do 5s 131%tO2% 9 F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R 53.112% Sierra Cal 6a. — 1W
L A Light 6s. — - 102 3. P of A «s
-Do: gntd.6s. — 104- (1309) 112%tl3 l i
Do gntd 53.100 102 (1910> ...... ..in^lll'i
L A & Pac 53. 102%104 5 P'of C«a
•Do lem Sa.102% — "rtDO9>, ser A.10K% —
Market-st C 6s — 127% - <1905). «er B-lOT^i —
Do 1 c m 53.122%—. (190ff> ..'. IMiUO'S
Nev Co R 7s.. —.113% (1912) — ,121Vi
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S P of Cal 1st -
.•1 Do 5a .-.:.. ...11S%119% cp gntd r 59.105 "1 —
Nor Pac C 63.100 — 3 P Br Cal 69.134'* —
Do 5s r. — 109 3 V. Water Ss.ltSH —
Nor Cal R 53.113^ — • - Do 4s .:..*. ;..102%103
Oak Gas r 6s..Hl*i — ' Do 4s. 3d m.102^103%
Do Tran 6s..ll6%U"H Stktn Gas 63..MO-.— ¦.
. Do»Wat 5s. -.104 105
Continued on 'Fifteenth Pago.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Bradstreet's ,to-mor
row will say: .... .. ,
The general situation. Is still largely a favor
able one, the' primary encouraging feature being
the fine outlook for the country's crops. General
distribution, retarded hitherto by the backward
spring, has been stimulated by warm, sunny
weather. Industrial conditions head the list of.
disturbing features, but confidence in conserva
tism and good counsel is* widespread, and the
effect on general business exerted by the largest
number of men idle for several years past has
been apparently minimized. ".
¦ Reports as to quiet trade in iron . and , steel
come from the- East, where demand for pic iron
is of a hand-to-mouth character. : No special
activity is looked for, however, In this branch,
because large consumers are well supplied. : In
deed, Pi ttsburs furnaces are booked weir into
July. The demand for finished goods is as
heavy as ever, structural materials, bars and
plates , being, in especially good ' demand, with
premiums paid for quick delivery and a large
new business not accepted because of inability
of manufacturers ' to promise quick shipment.
The only -accumulation in pig iron' Is the lower
grades, and this is especially notable as regards
the Southern product. , Good reports come from
the Western hardware trade, the demand in
building and for barbed wire fencing being es
pecially active.'- ¦? .' . .".-: . .
'The boot and shoe and allied trades note con
siderable activity in manufacturing lines. East-"
em shoe shipments have , again, exceeded the
1C0, 000 cases mark, and the total for, the season
is now nearly 50.000 cases ahead of last year. . •
Leather finds ready purchasers among manu
facturers East and West, and stocks do not ac
cumulate. Sole leather prices are at full quota
tions, I which show a I substantial advance over
some time ago, while uyperr leather . is flrm.
Hides • are steady, at . the j West,': but easier - in
Eastern markets.' , '. ',. ,...,.., . ,.
¦ Such unanimity- as to ! good . crop reports has
rarely been seen at this period of ; the year.
Much was made In speculative grain circles of
dry weather at the Northwest," but recent rains
have placed | that section in • a favorable j condi
tion as regards the | spring '. wheat. 0 From I the
winter wheat belt reports .continue very optim
istic,' especially favorable advices being received
from Kansas, which promises a, yield of .100, 000,"-'
000 bushels,' and ,the ; only : anxiety expressed is
for the supply of labor to harvest the enor
mous crop. There is more doing in new wool at
Cash quotations were as follows: - Flour,
quiet; No. 2 red wheat, 75076c: No. : 2 corn. 42%
@43c; No. 2 yellow, 42 l fc@43c: No. 2 oats, 28%©
29c; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3. white, 29®
ao^ic; No. 2 rye, 55c; good feeding barley, 46c;
fair. to choice malting, r,0@55c: No. 1 flax seed,
$1 H8; No. 1 Northwestern, $168; prime timothy
seed,- ?3 50; mess pork, per bbl, $14 65@14 70;
lard, t>er 100 lbs, $8 15@8 17%: short-rib sides
(loose), $S®8 25: dry salte'd shoulders (boxed),
6%@7c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 12%@8 25;
whisky, basis of high, wines, $1 27;, clover,, -co_n-'
tract grade, $8 10. ' * '¦ . :.
-Articles— ¦ Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour barrels- 29,000' ;• 13,000
Wheat, bushels 42.000 363,000
Corn, bushels ........678,000 273,000
Oats, bushels ....325,000 304,000
Rye, bushels .......:... 6,000 , , ' 1,000
Barley, bushels ,9.000 ¦ 3.000
" On the , Produce Exchange to-day the -butter
market was firm; ¦ creameries, 14@18%c; dairies,
ll@16%c, Cheese, 9%@10%c.' Eggs, easy, fresh.
lie.;- -. • ¦ ¦; / . ¦ .-¦ ¦ :¦;.--;_•
Nczv York Stock Market.
N'EW YORK, May 24.— A final spurt of ac
tivity and utrength in the stock market was
all that saved the day from being the dullest
in the amount of business done since the No
vember election. As it was business was well
Ocvn totvard the minimum and was besides
largely congested in a few stocks. The
tMhacco stocks. American and Continental,
w««re the feature of the market. The volume
of bufineps in them grew as the movement
prcgreEivd and all the room traders, hungry
for a stock that would move easily, tailed on
to the movement. By bidding up prices
tm&rtly they ascertained that very few selling
orders for the stock were in the market above
the prevailing price level. These technical
conditions were responsible for the movement
• •f stocks so far as any news that was pub-
Ifphfd would indicate. Something is made of
the fact that the new tobacco company which
is being organized has representatives in it
r.-ho organized an opposition company once be
for*. -which was absorbed in a short time by
the American Company. The day's gain reg-'
t*tered for American Tobacco was eight points
*nd for Continental Tobacco 4%. The final
ftrength of the market was due to this move
ment and to the late accentuation of strength
in other stocks which hau shown signs of firm
t>.(?-s and strength earlier In the day. The
weak points were-, also pulled up, ,sd that the
losses, which were at one time very general.
w«?re either wiped out or greatly reduced all
around. The Eries, the Wabash. Missouri Pa
cific and Atchison were good points of resist
ance all day. The story persisted that efforts
wre making to secure a trunk line outlet for
the Gould Southwestern railroads and Wabash;
that the great trunk line proprietors had pro
tested against this project and that it had been
threatened that Atchison would be absorbed
by the Pennsylvania in retaliation. This story
and its variations* will b« found closely re
lated to whatever strength was shown in the
day's market. The movement of Union Pa
cific was a notable Influence on the whole
mtrket, its break to 99 being the principal
factor In the early weakness of the market
*nd its rally at the close largely relieving the
depression. > The forecast of a. strong bank
Ftatement and the fact that , no further gold
was engaged for export were strengthening
factors. The cessation of the urgent demand
for Northern Pacific also relieved apprehen
sion. The result was an active and flrm close
in the market after a day of feeble and desul
tory fluctuation?.
The bond market was Irregular and only
moderately active. Total sales, par value,
S«.790.<"00. - . ,
I'nited Stales new 4s advanced % per cent
rn the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. '
Fhares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
32.400 Atchison 77%
U.IC0 Atchison prefd 87%
6.5C0 Baltimore & Ohio .102%
1.100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd; 82%
Candian Pacific :...1C2
I.ino Canada Southern ; 64 .
5.100 Chesapeake & Ohio.-. 49%
3.200 Chicago & Alton , 41
l.Jrt) Chicago & Alton prefd 79%
S.7O0 Chi Bur & Qllncy 195%
2.500 Chicago Ind & Louis 33%
IO0 Chicago, Ind & Louis prefd...'. 71 i
.; Chicago & Eastern Illinois 125"
1.400 Chicago & Great Western 22\i
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 79%
400 Chicago & Great Western B prefd... 45
¦ WO Chicago & Northwestern... 19J
-1.200 Chicago. Rock Island Sc Pacific 1S3
*00 Chicago Term & Trans 22%
LOGO Chicago Term & Trans prefd.......:. 43
100 CCC&St Louis .80%
2.200 Colorado Southern 15
J00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd..: £2:
M70 Colorado Southern 2d prefd..... 23'
700 LVIaware & Hudson.. — 1«3
2.900 Delaware, Lack &.West »26 ¦':
700 Denver & Rio Grande 44U
- 200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd ...... 91^
jno.100 Erie 41V
2.600 Erie 1st prefd 68V*
:.S00 "Erie 24 prefd.... ..."... 55%
S00 Great Northern prefd............ 17S%
400 Hocking Valley:....- B3
100 Hocking Valley prefd. 78
1.000 Illinois Central ,'..:fn q^.'.TT..-. ¦ . . US
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will cay: '
Liquidation has apparently run Us course
and the stock market Is Inclined to be dull.
The shrinkage of the transactions at the New
York Stock- Exchange to below 1,000,000 shares
each day demonstrates clearly that the public
has not only been shakf-n out of speculation,
but Is not inclined to come in again at the
present. This is borne out by a general com
plaint on the part of Wall street interests that
commission business has been reduced to a
fraction of what It was before the. Northern
Pacific corner. In fact these developments
have altogether changed . the complexion of
the stock market, rendering it one In which
professional influences are uppermost, because
the present movements which occurred , seemed
to be almoet entirely the work of manipula
tors and the board room traders, who supplied
a very large share of the activity. . Prices were
irregular, and though a good deal of steadiness
was shown the sensitive feeling which I still
prevails made itself apparent in the readiness
with which the list yielded whenever there
v;as any symptom of further selling of long
stock. The most important incident of the
week was the further pressure which developed
at London in connection with short contracts
In Northern Pacific. The bears' there cannot
obtain the stock at any price, and while Mor
gan & Co. seem willing to- make settlements
on. a money basis with those who have con
tracts with them, there are many outside spec
ulative buyers of Northern Pacific who stand
out for their full rights. The London Stock
Exchange committee has met this situation by
a further suspension of the right . to buy In
the stock, which will postpone any forced set
tlement until about June 10. At the same time
the situation In London In this regard is an
unpleasant one and seams to present some ele
ment of danger. That thl3 is appreciated was
shown on Thursday whtn. some scattered for
eign buying orders put Northern Pacific up to
200 and caused a decided chill in. the general
market, ' prices selling oif all around the room.
The general conclusion, however, seems to be
that the London Stock Exchange authorities
will avert any serious disturbance- and real
trouble need ' not be apprehended.
CHICAGO, May 24.— Liverpool cables were
lower but no. more so than was expected, yet
under reports of copious rains In localities
where they were most needed, the market was
nervous when the session began and July
wheat opened unchanged to a shade lower at
73@78 I /4c ¦ Tho , crowd was ¦ mixed, and
for some little time there was no trading.
Then pit traders began work with a view to
quick sales and small profits and under these
campaigns tho price declined to 72%c. At this
point the bull leader In corn and other exten
sive operators began buying, and' a' reaction
to 73c followed. The close was steady, %@Uc
lower at 72%@73c. . .
. The corn market was moderately active, but
had a, weak undertone. Large receipts and
high grading were the depressing factors.
July closed fairly steady, %c lower at 43%c
May corn was neglected and closed %c lower
at 42%c. ' .-> *• ' '
The market for oats was considerably weak
er, principally on extensive selling, by the
large long interests." July closed %@'/4c lower
' at 28Uc. v ¦ : ¦ ¦ .'
Provisions were firm In sympathy with high
er prices for hogs, but were dull, and in the
absence of speculation the market eased off
as the season advanced. July pork closed 5c
lower and lard and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
' Articles— • - - . ™ '
Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
May .....1 73»i 74>/» 73% 73%
July .....:.... 73% 73% 72% 73
Corn No. ¦, 2—
May ../..... 43% 43% 42% 42%
¦July 44% 44Vi: 43% U3%
September 44% 44% 43%; 43%
Oats No. 2— ...... - :
Mav 29 29. 28% -29 •
July .28% -28% 27%. £8Vi
September 26 ¦ 26% 25% : 26
-Mess Pork, per bbl — ! ' ' ¦¦ .
May 14 67% 14 67% 14 60 .14 60
July 14 75 14 80 14 67% : 14 67%
September .14 70 ¦ . , 14 72% 14 62% 14 62%
Lacd, per 100 lbs — ' • . -
May L. 8 17% 8 17% 8 15- 8 15
July 8 12% 8 15 8 10 8 12%
September 8 15 . ; 8 17% \ 8 12% 8 15 ¦
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— »
May : 8 27% 8 22% 8 23 , ¦¦- 8 25
July : 7 97% . 8 00 ,7 95 : 7 97%
September 7 95 7 95 .7 90 7 92%
Bradstreet's Financial Review'.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — .$4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling Cables — , . 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — . 12%
Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49& @ 50
Wheat, and. Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures' higher. .Argentine shipments for
the week, were 840,000 bushels, against 2,248,000
for the corresponding week last year.
Chicago_ opened ' steady. - Indications' were for
an advance. There were copious rains In the
Central West and Northwest, but they were
largely offset by Increasing -reports of damage
by the Hessian fly in several States. The senti
ment seemed to be growing bullish.. The coarse
grains were weak.
This market was dull, unchanged and fea
tureless. ¦ • -,'
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1@
1 02& per ctl. i (-¦¦¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦ Informal Session — 9:15 o'clcok — No sales.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 03.
Regular Morning Session— December— 8000 ctls,
$1 03. -'
Regular Afternoon Session— December— 2000
ctls. $1 03: 6000. $1 03%. ; . . ¦ ' ¦
BARLEY — Futures are lower, ] and the spot
market is very dull. t ' : ¦
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 70@72&c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S5c;
Chevalier, nominal.. •
CALL. BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2C00
ctls, 70%c.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, 70%c.
. Regular . Morning Session — December — 12, COO
ctls. 7Oi4c: 2CO0. 70%c.
Regular Afternoon Session— December— 20CO
ctls, 70%c. ' ; .'-¦¦¦ .
OATS— Offerings l though moderate, meet
-with little attention. . Prices are steady.
White. $1 37%(?il 65; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 35@1 45: Black, $1 17%@1 30 per ctl.-
CORN— The market; is nominal, as stocks are
meager and'the demand is light. Small round
Yellow/ $1 50; ' Eastern Yellow, $1 27%@1 30;
White. $1 35; mixed, $1 23<g>l 27%.
. RYE— 80<f?82y.c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63 per ctl, ex
warehouse. ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-rCalifornla " Family Extras, $3 25®
3 E0. usual terms; Bakers' ¦ Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon,- J2 50® 2 75 per barrel for -family and
J2 75i33.for bakers'; Washington bakers' $2 75
@3. ¦-.¦•. .-, . • , . .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour'
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal 12 50-
Rice Flour. .$7; Corn Meal. ¦ $3; extra cream do'
$3 75; Oat Groats,- $4 75; Hominy, $3 75®4- Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat' $3 50-
Farina. $4 50;. Whole Wheat Flour, $3 25- Roll»d
Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50-
Pearl Barley. $5; SplItPeas. $5; Green Peas'
?6 50 l>er 100 lbs. -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
•New Hay is coming in every day now. It. is
all .volunteer, and if not stained by rain brings
?7f8 per ton, but if it shows any stain, Is
worked- off . at about $6 50 per ton. There 1s
nothing new in old Hay. ; , . ' -.
.- Bran ¦ and Middlings .are flrm at ' previous
prices.' ' . . N '
BRAN— $17@18 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $17@19 60 per ton. :^ ¦"-"• ¦'
; FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ' $17®18 ner
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@28- Jobbine
»26 50; Cocoanut ,Cake, » J17@18; . Corn Meal'
$27 50@-28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed
$15@16. . . " .^ '
HAY— New, $6 50@8; / Old is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat. Jllfflis- Wheat
and. Oat. »9@12; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal-
Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, v»7 50@9 50 per ton '
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. ¦- -* > - ¦ ;
Beans and Seeds.
The Government is In the market for SO~C0O lbs
of -; White , Beans and : may . take a good many
more. .These descriptions are very. firm. In con
sequence. : especially as stocks . are light Othpi
kinds are quiet. V- - - .' •-<¦*.-•• -.-- % ' ner
¦ BEANS— Bayos. , |2 43@2 60; Small White SI Rn
©5; Large White,- ; *4@4 20; 'Pink. *1 404*1 7a-
Ked. ?3@3 25; Blackeye.-, $3 1003 25; Limas $5 25
©6 35: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, Si 75 iTer ctl
.. SEEDS— Brown Mustard. •.- nominal- ¦
Mustard,' nominal; Flax, :%2 50<y>3;' Canary • sum
5%c for jEastern; i Alfalfa, nominal; Rape •>}»
2»ic; Hemp. 3»ic; Timothy. • CUc. "; ' •-. ~i! : V
. DRIED l PEAS-Niles, ¦ J2©2 50; Green ;",'« 70Q
3: per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. .. '• . • ¦ -• '• ., .,
Potatoes, r Onions and- ' Vegetables.
' • The ;. decline ;; .. in y." Potatoes ; and V Onions -, con
tinues, ; the former '-, being, especially r weak." '"."•;
-Asparagus Is higher.'; Corn Is In better supply
LOCAL MARKETS.
¦ Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain about as
before. All are In good supply. Eggs es
pecially.
There is nq thins new worthy of mention in
Meats and Poultry.
Fruits and Vegetables are> continually be
ing Increased by new accessions of tha sum
mer varieties, and Cherry Plums and Green
Corn are added to the list. Most of these ear
ly < products are still dear, however. A few
¦tray boxes of Peaches are coming In.
Coal, Ber ton— -, -• -¦ • *4f* . /«
Cannel I C12 00 1 Southfleld f: ¦
Wellington. ©U 00 Wellington • $—©11 CO
Seattle 9 00® 'Coo» Bay.... —if 7 50
i Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.33@45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 25@30 dozen ...17i820
Cheese, Cal 12® 15 Honey Comb, p«r
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@C0 pound ..13<fT:n
Cheese. Swiss 20(333 Do, extracted... 8®li>
Common Eggs.... 15® —
Poultry and Game—
Hena, each 50<S6o Turkeyt. p#r lb.,.17«2<i
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 50#75
each 73@83 O«ese. each...U SOtfl 7»
Old Ro«ster!», ea.. Borneo Pigeons, pair 50Q«O
Fryers, each ....60®63 Rabbits, pair .....40®—
lirotlers, each. ...35<&50 Hare, each —620
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15(318 Round Steak 10®—
Beef, choice ......12©15 Sirloin -Steak.... 13^!^—
Do, good. 10©-r Tenderloin, do....l5@—
Corned Beef ......10©— Porterhouse. do.l7 J <i<g:o
Ham — @13 Smoked Beef 20®—
Lard — 013 Pork, salt 10«*12'-i
Mutton — «el2 Pork Chops B401S
Lamb 12@13 Pork Sausages.. UM'SIj
Pork, fresh 154*— Veal 129—
Fruits aad Nuts^ —
Apricots, per lb-.10@ — 'LJmes, per doz..i;gis
Almonds 15®20 Lemons, doz 15@25
Apples 4@ 6 Logan Berries.
Bananas, doz...l2V?&25 per basket 12^(3—
Blackberries, bsk.l^g 1 — Raspberries, bsk. .10^12
Cherries, per lb.. 5^13 Raisins, per 1!>... 5<y is
Cherry Plums, lb.10©— Strawberries, per
Currants, per lb.. 6® — drawer 23@3T
Gooseberries, lb... 6@ — Walnuts, per lb...lj'c(JO
Oranges, doz ....15<&35
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. 5# 8 Leeks., dz bnchs. .15<85J
Artichokes, doz...25@40 Okra. .dried lb...— ©as
Beets, doz 10<a— Peppers, per lb...20<8:3
Beans, white, lb. &O — Potatoes, per lb 2*4t?—
Colored, per lb. 5@— New, do... 23 <>r i
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ 8 Rhubarb, per Ib.. 5^—
Cabbage, each.... 5@— Sweet Potatoes. lb 3@—
Cauliflowers, each 5@— Parsnips ' per dz 10<S—
Celery, head a@— Radtshes.dz bchs.l5«2O
Cress, dos bnchaL 15<7i2r> Sage, doz bnchs. 2*»3t»
Cucumbers, doz... 50@7; String Beans lb 6@ S
Egg Plant, lb 20023 Summer Squash
Green Peas, lb 30 51 per lb .'..j&jpio
Green Corn, doz:.40'S60 Sprouts, per lb....—@—
I^ettuce. per rtoz..lo«W20iSplnach, per lb.. 5(3—
Onions, per lb 3<a4|Thyme, doz bchs 25(330
New Onions 2^3;Turnlps. per doz..l(W?—
Green, dz bnchs..l3@a)lTQinatoes, per lb.10®—
Flsl» — -. " ¦ v
Barracuda .12%<ai— Striped Bass'.... 15>ffl—
Carp 8®— Sea Bass 1S&—
Catfish : 10(g>- Smelts ij«_
Codfish 12&13 Soles io@_
Flounders 8010 Skates, each ...-. aaio
Halibut 10015 Squid 12<4«—
Herring — @ — Tomcod ..........30
Mackerel — <f— Turbot — @—
Do. horse 10@12H Trout ..35®—
Perch ... 10O20 Whiteflsh 10@—
Pomplno 50<3 — Clams, gallon ....50^—
Rockflsh 15<§>— Do. hardshell, lb S«310
Salmon, fresh ..12<4@15 Crabs, each ....".. loiSM
¦ Do, smoked 15(840 Mussels. "quart.... 5SV)
Shrimps — «— Oysters. Ca!. 1OO..4O05U
Shad ...6® 8, Do. Eastern. dz.25<g40
Family Retail Market.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. May 24—5 p. in
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
"Oregon prunes are firmer. Virtually all the
«0-40s in this market passed out of first hands
the latter part of the week and this site is
now- firm at SQVip. Other sizes of Oregons
are well cleaned up. Loose raisins are quiet.
3-crown being held firmly at 6%c. Some in
quiry is noted for 4-crown sugared stock, of
fered from the coast some time ago at S'^c.
Currants are very firm, but the trade is buy
ing in a hand-to-mouth way.
"Apricots are very firm. There is some In
qufry for choice Royals in bags at 7^c f. o. b.
coast, but holders ask 8c. Peaches are very
firm, low grade still being wanted.
buying almost entirely for Immediate wants
only. Stocks of practically all the leading
lines, however, are -comparatively low and
prices are quite firmly held. California prunes
are quiet, but prices are fairly well eustained
in view of the small supplies on the spot.
There ere a number of lots of Inferior goods,
improperly graded. Belling at considerably
lower prices than those asked for really desir
tble fruit.
"Derotnd for dried fruits Is light, the trade
Mall advices from New York 6ay
Dried Fruit in New York.
The pressure has fallen a tenth of an inch
r<T more from Cape Mendocino to Cape Blanco.
A disturbance which was over Southern Cali
fornia this morning is working slowly north
ward, and will probably cause rain and possi
hly thunderstorms over the entire State of
California Saturday.
The temperature has risen from 10 to 20 de
*ree« over Oregon, except at Astoria, where
thoro has be4n a nharp fall. It has also fallen
rapidly In Southern California and In the
northern iwrtion of the Sacramento Valley.
Ra'n has fallen at San Diego. Los Angeles.
Fr*-Eno and Red Bluff. A thunderstorm is re
l-orted at Red Bluff.
The following maximum winds are reported:
Eureka, 38 miles from the north: Red Bluff.
?4 from the southeast; Independence. 36 from
th« southeast; Salt Lak». 32 from the east;
Mndena, 2S from the pouth.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 25. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
"•athrr with nhowers Saturday; brisk to high
? •.uth«-aFt winds.
Southern California— Showers Saturday; brisk
fouthwent winds.
Nevada— Showers Saturday; fresh southeast
winds.
I'tah— Cloudy unsettled weather Saturday,
piobaMy showers; fresh southeast winds.
Arizona— cloudy Saturday with showers in
lh<» mountains: fresh southerly winds.
San Francineo and \'icinlty — Showers Satur
day; fresh southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 48; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
600 Iowa Central 33%
Iowa Central prefd 68
400 Lake Erie & Western 65
Lake Brie & Western prefd 120
4.S00 Louisville & Nashville :102
6,000 Manhattan L lU^i
9,800 Metropolitan St Ry.... 169%
1,400 Mexican Central 25%
4,200 Mexican National 11%
800 Minneapolis & St Louis 89^
1L500 Missouri Pacific —
1.600 Missouri. Kan & Tex 27«.
2,100 . Missouri, Kan & Tex prefd.... 5«%
100 New Jersey Central 158
2,100 New York Central 149^
2.000 Norfolk & Western 50&
Norfolk & Western prefd 87
Northern Pacific 172 .
600 Northern Paciftc prefd............:*.. 97*4
9.200 Ontario & Western 33^
4,100 Pennsylvania 143%
9,200 Reading ". 42%
2.200 Reading 1st prefd 76%
6,700 Reading 2d prefd 53^
500 St Louis & San Fran 45^
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd: 81
700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd ' 68Vi
200 St Louis Southwestern 33
10O St Louis Southwestern prefd 624
....;.. St Paul 159%
St Paul prefd 184
10,900 Southern Pacific 47>£
8.100 Southern Railway :.... 29^i
1,200 Southern Railway prefd 82%
7.100 Texas & Pacific 46%
1,900 Toledo. St Louis & West 22t4
l,D00 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 37^i
71.900 Union Pacific 100%
3,100 Union Pacific prefd $$
6,800 Wabash 22%
27,900 Wabash prefd 42^,
100 Wheeling & Lake. Erie.... 17U
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 29%
2,400 Wisconsin Central : 20h%
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 44
P C C & St Louis 74
Express Companies —
Adams , 175
American 190
United States 80
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous— •
8,200 Amalgamated Copper 11514
2,000 American Car & Foundry 26ii
400 American Car & Foundry prefd 80%
2,100 Linseed Oil 4 19%
600 Linseed Oil prefd 47%
700 American Smelting & Refng 55'
100 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 96
126,fOO American Tobacco 133%
11.E00 Anaconda Mining Co 50^4
7.600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron... 11 92%
1.900 Consolidated Gas 219'
.67.300 Continental Tobacco 62^4
6,000 Continental Tobacco prefd HOVj
1,400 General Electric 222
100 Glucose Sugar :... E5U
Hocking Coal nvi
100 International Paper 23
400 International Paper prefd '78%
1,400 International Power 85
Laclede Gas- 83U.
300 National Biscuit 44%
600 National Lead 19
National Salt 43
200 National Salt prefd lu'fa
600 North American 85
Pacific Coast *.. 60
300 Pacific Mall-. 35
10,400 People's Gas 114U
1,200 Pressed Steel Car 45
2C0 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
3f>0 Pullman Palace Car 204
6<X> Republic Steel JRVJ
400 Republic Steel prefd 73U
6.100 Sugar 148
700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55»,£
100 Union Bag & Paper Co 12%
100 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 69
2,700 United States Leather 13%
600 United States Leather prefd 78
COO United 'States Rubber » 21
MX) United States Rubber prefd 62
25,200 United States Steel 44U
12.400 United States Steel prefd 93H
MOO Western Union 91%
738,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts ....108
reg 106U .V J Cent gen 5s. .132
do coup lC6Vi North Pac 3s 714
do 3s reg 109 do 4s ...105U
do coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s. .107%
do new 4s reg-.-lSSU Norf & W con 4s. .101
do coup 138^4 Or Nav lsts ; 103
do old 4b res 113'/4 do 4s lO4Vi
do old 4s coup. .113^ Or S Line 6s 127
do 5s reg 10S% do con 5s 116
do coup 108% Reading gen 4s ... 96V»
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..125 R G W lsts 100%
Atchison gen 4s. ..102% St L & I M con 5s. 115%
do adj'48 95 St L & S F gen 6s. 134
Can South 2ds 105% St Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 4\ie.. 106 St P C & Pac lsts. 118
do Ss 120 do 5s 119
C & N W con 7s.. 141% South Pac 4s ..... 93%
do S F deb 5s... 121'^ South Railway 5s. .116%
Chi Term 4s S4Vi 8 Rope & T 6s 58
Colo South 4s 87% Tex & Pac l£ts...l20i£
D & R G 4s 102'/i do 2ds 99
Erie gen 4s 88% Union Pacific 4s ..105V4
Ft W & D C lsts. 109 Wabash lsts 117&
Gen Elec. 6s 185% do 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts 117 West Shore 4s 114
Ij & Naah unl 4s.. 103 Wis Cent lsts.: 90
M K & T 2ds 81% Va Centuries 95
do 4s 98%
MINING STOCKS."
Adjuns Con 20i Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario S 00
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ... 17,Phoenix 11
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 01
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage .: 03
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada • 11
Horn Silver. 1 15 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 68 Standard 3 75
Leadville Con Oa
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94
Call loans 3%@4 Westlngh Elec 62Vi
Time loans 4©4% Bonds-
Stocks— - • Atchison 4s ........ 102&
Atchison 78 N E G & Coke 5s. 64
do prefd 37% Am Tel 4s 101
Am Sugar 148 • Mining shares —
do prefd 121% Blngham Min Co.. 22
Am Telephone I8OV2 Amalf? Copper 115'i
Boston & Albany.. 183 Atlantic ....30
Boston & Maine. ..197 Boston &. Mont. ..435
C 13 & Q 195H Butte & Boston. ..107%
Dora Coal 35 Calumet & Hecla.825 ¦
do prefd' 115 Centennial 28
U S Steel 44% Franklin W£
do prefd 93Vi Humboldt ..30
Fitchburg prefd.. .145 Osceoia ''.-..... 87V4
Gen Elec Parrot 53
Mex Cent 25% Qulncy 185
N E G & Coke.... 10% Santa Fe Copper.. "Vi
Old Dominion 32 Tamarack 325
Rubber '. 19M Utah Mining 28
Union P#-clflc 100^4 Wlnona 2»£
Union Land ...'... 3 Wolverines ........ 55^
London Market.
CLOSING
XEW YORK, May 24. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Stock Exchange presented a deserted ap
pearance* here to-day, the ' attendance being
nominal. - Kuslnss, it may be added, was quite
In keeping with the attendance.. In fact,
things were \ decidedly dull. In the early trad-
Ing Americans were inclined 'to -be sloppy on
the clearing up process before tne. holidays.
In the afternoon there ¦ was . a miM spurt on
the buying of Eries by the arbitrageurs. Tl.o
rally, however, was short-lived, anJ t.ie close
was heavy. Anacondas spurted to 10 with
free option dealing at 9-16 for calls at the end
of June and "i at the end of August. 1
LONDON. May 24.— Atchison. 77V4; Canadian
Pacific, 105%; Union' Pacific preferrod, , SO;
Northern Pacific preferred, 102 1 / J'; Grand Trunk
11; Anaconda, 10. Bar silver, steady, 27 7-iGd!
Money. 2»/4®3 per cent. • ¦ - . . .
Condition of the Treasury.
_ WASHINGTON, May 24.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive' of the $150,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, ¦ shows: Available
cash balances. $158,949,841; gold, $95,264,796 *.
New York Money -Market.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Close: Money on call,
steady at 3% per cent. Prime mercantile pa
per,* 4@44 ' per cent. V Bterling - exchange.^ firm
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 SS&
Atlantic (exports have been large for the past
week. Including flour amounting to 3,692,413
bushels, against 2,173,153 bushels in the same
week last year. . * .-¦••"•• ¦
Failures for the week numbered • 180, in the
United States.% against 185 last year, and 22 iu
Canada, against 20 last year. "..
• Correspondents report the -winter wheat ' out
look- steadily improving and there. Is every rea
son to anticipate an -abundant harvest.
.Although slightly smaller than in the two
preceding ' phenomenal ¦„ weeks, shipments of
boots and shoes from the East were more than
100,000 cases and far in excess of the same week
In earlier years. . '"- --, . . •>. ¦ " s
' The labor situation is the cloud hovering over
the business situation, but the difficulties art
not sufficiently widespread a.V present to seri
ously interfere; with. the progress of manufac
ture .and distribution,. Home , settlements of
strikes have been effected during the week and
others seem probable at ah early date. '¦' Mean
while, "prices hold 'firm, the capacity of pro
ducing plants in the leading industries is well
employed, and crop advices .are.'fiood. ¦ Confi
dence of : the; permanence . of -values appears to
have settled In all divisions' of the Iron and
steel ; manufacture." To this may be attributed
the decrease In orders for distant, delivery, pur
chasers merely, contracting .for :their^ require
ments for one to. two months in advance. Tran
quillity regarding the future is undoubtedly due
to the action" ' of the large combination which
has made n& effort to secure exorbitant prices,
but manifests an intention to maintain- quota
tions at the current level. Independent . pro
ducers show a disposition 1 to work along the
same lines, and the net result is less scrambling
to get orders, placed, but no Indication that the
actual demand is any smaller.- Notwithstanding
much talk of dullness in pig iron, Bessemer is
firmly held at $16 75 delivered. at Pittsburg or
$16. at valley furnaces. • Foundry iron is some
what .excited. - All lines . of • finished steel are
crowded to the limit of productive capacity, and
machinery houses at Chicago are granting,ma
chinists' demands rather than risk delay. • * .
NEW YORK, May 24— R. G.- Dun & Co.'s
weekly. review, of trade to-morrow will say:
NEW YORK, May 24.— Cotton— The highest
price reached in many days for, July was
touched soon after the call, when shorts paid
7.85c for several , hundred bales. The opening
was steady, 2 points lower to 3 points higher.
Immediately following the call there was a.
sudden demand for the summer months, which
carried July up to 7.83c and' August to 7.2So.
During the balance of tha morning and much
of the later session fluctuations were irregular
and quiet. The market closed steady, net 6
points higher to 1 point lower. . .
Nczv York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO. Hay 24. — CATTLE— Receipts.
2500. Strong, active and shade higher. Good
to prime steera, $5 30@6: poor to medium, ?4 25
<g>5 20; stockers and feeders, $3@5; cows and
heifers, • $2 90©5 Scanners. $2 25@2 95; bulls $3®
4 40; calves, $4 15® 6 25; Texas steers, J4 20®
5 40; bulls, $2 75@3 90. • ' ' ,.„„
HOGS— Receipts, , 22,000; : to-morrow, lo.OOO:
left over, 2300. Strong to oc higher. Mixed
and butchers, $5 65@5 95; good to choice heavy,
$5 80@5 97%; rough heavy, $5 65@5 75; light, $0 60
@5 85: bulk, $5 80@5 90. ¦ '
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Slow; good to choice
wethers. $4 40@4 65; fair to choice mixed, $1 1»
©4 35; 'Western sheep, $4 40® 4 60: yearlings.
$4 50®4 85: native lambs, *4©5,75; Western
lambs, $5@5 75. .
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW. YORK, May 24.— Porter Bros.' Company
sold California fruit to-day: Cherries— Tartar-
Ian. 05c«$2 15; Royal Anne, 95c@$2 55: Rock
port 40<375c: Cleveland. 45@60c: Centennial,
$1 65<?U SO; . Pontlac. $1 03. • Apricots— Pringle,
$1 EC@2 37. Two cars sold.' ¦ ¦_
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at' auction to-day and the following prices
were" reallz«d: Aoricots— Newcastle, single
crates. $1 60©3 23. average S2 14; Pr Ingle. 11-lb
pound boxes, average 70c. Peaches— Alexander,
boxes, average $2 25. Cherries— Black Tarta
rians, boxes, 4oc©$lC0 J average $119: Royal
Anno, boxes, 90c@$l 70. average »1 04. Two cara
sold to-day. Favorable wather.
California. Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. May 24.— Porter Bros.' Company
sold California fruit to-day: Cherries— Tartar-
Ian, -55c@$l 75; Governor. • Woods... 75c; Cleve
land, 50@ 55c; Imperial, 95c: . Rockport. 83c;
Royal Anne, . 75O&U 90; Eagle. 85c@$l; Repub
lican. 80c@$l 05. Two cars sold. .
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit at auction to-day are as follows: Cher
ries-Black Tartarians. ¦ boxes, 70c@U 40, aver
age $1 17; Royal Anne, boxes, $1 10©2 25. aver
age 1 $1 70. Two cars sold to-day. Weather fa
vorable. ¦¦' "'• ¦-.; -*it .4. ,'i- ..' ..¦
'.Domestic ..iron markets ruled easy, but not
quotably .'lower -at .-$9 50(310 60; Northern foun
dry, »15 25@16 50; Southern foundry, $11©13 50.
and soft Southern, $13@15 50.
; English markets -were unchanged. Glasgow
warrants ; were closed at . 51s ¦ Id and Mlddles
boro, 45s 7V4d. . ¦ ' • . ,
Copper here • ruled inactive and : more or less
nominal «t - $17 -for- Lake - Superior and - 116 63^4
for casting: and ¦ electrolytic. ... - ' "•*,<•'
'• Lead and spelter both closed unchanged in
London end in New York.' '43P9&&RR4 '
NEW YORK. May 24.— Consuls. 94 1-16: sil
ver. 27 7rl6; French, rentes. lClf 32%c@101f@
37%c; cargoes on passage,' quiet and steady;
No. 1 Standard California, 29s 7%d; Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets,' firm.
LIVERPOOL, May 24.— Wheat— Steady. No.
1 Standard California, Gs l^d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris; steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine, warm ; cotton, uplands, 4s ll-32d.
LIVERPOOL. May 24.— Closing: Wheat—
Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western, gs ll%d; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s %d; No. 1 California, 6s
lV^d; Futures— Quiet; July, 5s lid: September,
6s"lO%d.
Corn— Spot American mixed, new, steady. 4s
%d; do old, nominal. Futures — Quiet: May,
nominal; July, 3s 10%d; September, 3s lid. .
Hops — At London— Pacific Coast, steady, £4
@£4 13s. .
ForeigyvMarkets.
TACOMA, < May 24.— WHEAT— Quiet 5 and
steady: Blue Stem. 61c; Club, B9c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, May 24.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 59SJ 60c for export.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 24.— Clearings, $340,603;
balances, ' f 62, 2S5.
¦ Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
•J.NETV, YORK. May 24.— The following • table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
May 23, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— .,..,• . - Inc. "Dec.
New York ...... $1,750,044,661 '..' 89.8 '¦ ..V
BoEton 156,941,458 -.42,5 ;,¦'..;.:
Chicago 156.759.123- 24.5 ....
Philadelphia 110.629,133 19.7-—"
gt. Louis 47,838,398 55.9 ...."
Pittsburg 44,796,788 37.6 •.:..'
Baltimore :. 25.071,029 • S8.3 .;..
Kan Francisco Z 20,664,660 11.7 . - •
Cincinnati 7S.541.90O ': 32. 9 . ..."•¦
Kansas City 18,5*7,663 • 29.4 ....
New Orleans ....'... 9,939,792 20.9
Minneapolis 8,503,347 • .... - 4.8
Detroit ¦ 9,658, 813 '.20.0'" ....
Cleveland 16,118,112 68.0 .....
Louisville 10,040,512 ¦• 35.6 ....
Providence 6.688,500 4.0 ....
Milwaukee 6.642,957 18.7 ....'
St. Paul 4,789,636- ¦ 1.5
Buffalo 6,062,756 25.6- "....
Omaha 6.546.633 2.2 ....
Indianapolis 7,248,673 12.4 "
Columbus^ Ohio ... 6,S27,6<K> v - 27.4
Savannah ...: 2,967,728 '-4.7- .."..¦
Denver 4,136,924 - ' 10.8 '.
Hartford 2.901.947 45.9; ....
Richmond! 3-,706,308" '8.7 ....
Memphis 3,092,647 "49.9. ....
Washington 2,802,816 115.8 .'--...:¦
Peorla 3.347,055 _ 36.1 .....
Rochester .2,531,655 35.4 ' .;..
New Haven 1.525,356 17.4 . ...;•
Worcester 1,578,785 ¦'. 29.1 : ;...
Atlanta ...'. 2,404,458 85.7 ..V..
Salt Lake City ...'. S.110.626' 42.9 - ....
Springflerd. Mass.. 1,523,003' '30.1 '-. ...'.
Fort "Worth 2.68S.004 1 . 39.3 ¦ ....
Portland, Me 1.202.673' 35.8- ', ....
Portland. Or 2.190.2S1 .... 21.3
St. Joseph 5.022,361 . 8.7 . ..'...
Los Angeles ¦ 3,125.663 : 2011 ....
Norfolk 1,333,161 13.2 ....
Syracuse ' 1.001,552 4.7 ¦ ....
Des Molnes ' 1,362,834 *• ' .... ' 14.0
Nashville 1,332,797 8.4 ....
Wilmington, Del... !>28:777 • .5.5 '
Fall- River 787,849 7.4' .'..'.
Scranton 1.511.162 ' 26. S
Grand Rapids 1,182,317. 6.5
Augusta, Ga 923,853* 53.7 ....
Lowell ' 640,437 • 15.1 ' : >* s ;...'
Dayton, Ohio 1.102,427 10.3 ......
Seattle 2.393.427* .... - 3.0
Tacoma 1.125.69S > ....
Spokane 1,024,112 ' 8.2
Sioux City 1,135,944 8.5 ....
New Bedford 3S8.089 . ¦ ¦ . 21.8 ' ..'..-
Knoxvllle. Tenn 646.246 35.6
Topeka 977,019 35.5
Birmingham SS5.7S2 ' 13.8 ..;.
Wichita 478.364 • 17.6 ....
Binghamton 305.000 11.5 ....
Lexington. Ky...:. 408.393 15.2
Jacksonville, Fla.. 295.659 '18.2 ....
Kalamazoo 407,869 16.2 ....
Akron 5G9.0C0 23.9 ..:.
Chattanooga - 411,076 .... ....
Rockford, 111 ...... 423,000 54.9 ....
Canton. Ohio -.....; 369.000 38.0 ....
Springfield ¦ Ohio... 299.741 12.4
Fargo. N. D....;.. 299.293 . 41.0
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 186,449 28.6
Fremont, Neb ..... 119.307 .... 4.0
Davenport '.'.: ' • SS1.025 4.6 ....'
Tol»do« * 2,220,906 25.6
Galveston 6.000,000. 14.2
Houston 9,590,916 < 89.2
Springfield. Ill .431.978 16.5-
Colorado Springs... 767,553 .... ....
Helena -4 558.598 .'... 6.1
EvansvilJe 816,459 17.2 ....
Macon. Ga 57S.C00 15.6 .....
Little Rock ........ 454.970 16.3
Toungstown, Ohio. 403.S72 ' 3S.9 ....
Wheeling 650,128 .... - .....
Totals U. S....... $2,622,421,859 65.4 ....
Totals outsldo N.
T. 772,377,228 28.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ".... JIS.912,969 64.2 . ....
Toronto .-.VS. A 11.412.435 45.1
Winnipeg 2.062,816 .-'-. 16.7 •'....
llalifajc 1,840.498 .85.1 • .....
Hamilton X04.153 31.1 ....
St. John, N. B 783,551 36.8
Victoria, B. C 652.379 24.5
Vancouver.. 832,432 12.4 . ....
Quebec 1,520,503 ....
Totals '. $37,20L233 . 60.0 . ....
shall assuredly have three-quarters of a miUInn
tons of grain to move within the next twelve
months, which means a large influx of foreign
tonnage to transport same. A large portion of
their Inward cargoes roust be coal.., which must
find a local market. Australian is helil at aim
per ton higher at the colliery than In 1900. ami
English has an export tax of 25c per ton, h?ne>»
to meet local competition here coal freighn
must of necessity be marked down. This they
can afford to do. as outward grain fre'shi <
from here will rule v«»ry hisb all this year.
At last Bom» relief 13 in sight for some of our
Coallnga oil producers, where pipe lines an.l
navigation will combine to reach consumers.
These will enable a fair price to ba established.
where the Interests of consumers and producer*
will be equitably subserved. .This is the first
step in the right direction and will be fol
lowed by others, who wilt 'see that this is th»
only method to profitably market their out
, OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. I,
75c; pure, 1130; LJnseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
75c; raw -73c; cases, oc more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c: China
Nut, 53i@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.bar
rels, 65c ; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whal»
Oil, natural whiie. 37%®42!£c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels. 33c; cases. 40r.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. !n bulk.
12Hc; Pearl Oil. In cases. l*'.4c; Astral. 1SH^:
Star. 18Hc: Extra Star. 22^c: Elaine. 23*jc:
Eocene 2O J /4c; 'deodorized stove. Gasoline, la
bulk, 15c; In cases* 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
in coses, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c:
In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c In drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lbxbags:
Crushed. «.25c: Powdered, 5.85c.; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.73c: Fruit Granulated, 5.73c; Mas
nolia A. 6.35c; .Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes.
80c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domi
nos, half -barrels, 6.50c: boxes, 6.75c per lb.
1* » . .
San Francisco Meat Market. ?
Hogs continue weak and- the packers nil their
wants without difficulty.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ara as follows: '
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6®6%c per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Lanre, 7%®3c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6Vi@7a
per pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8©9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 8%c;
180 to 223 lbs, 6%o: 225 and over. 5%O6c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs, TJiSS'/sC . .
Receipts of Produce. -Vfl
FOR FRIDAY, MAY 34. ;
Flour, qr sks.... 24.785 ¦ Wool, bales 'I.:. 290
Wheat, ctls 7. 160 Shorts, ska*".;....- ' 224
Barley. ctl3 4,720 (Tallow, ctls...., 224
Beans, sks 21 Wine, gals :.„".-.' 63,60')
Corn; ctls. ' East 500 Chicory, .bbls ..- . 19
Potatoes, sks ... 2,380 Sugar.->ctls 4,100
Onions sks 785 Leather, rolls .. 9G
Bran, sks 1,59". Quicksilver flks.. - f *>
Middlings, sks .. 608 Lime, bbls 1S2
Straw, tons 5 Pelts. bdU ' 2M
Hay. tons 360 Hides. No. 437
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker. Exchange about the same.
Wheat very dull Barley futures lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye neglected. V
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay steady ard unchanged.
White Beans firm under Government demands. ,
Potatoes continue to decline. Some kinds of vegetables firmer.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in free supply and unchanged.
Poultry market sufficiently supplied and quiet. :'¦
Fresh fruits continue in good supply.
Italian Prunes reported dropping in Q&gon.
Provisions quiet at prrjions prices. » -
Hogs' in fair supply and weak.
Local stock exchanges doing a fair business.
and lower. . Tomatoes are In llberal_supply and
>¦- New Yellow Onions from Sacramento were of
fering at $1 23 per ctl. " •••' : *,, ' . ' ;* " *•" il
A car of Spanish Onions, said to have been
grown in Egypt, is on the market at UQ\ 50 per
ctl. They are intended for the Alaskan trade.
Receipts were 608 boxes Asparagus, 501 boxes
Rhubarb. 398 sacks Bay Peas and 93 sacics
S POT AT e OES-Burbanks. 50c{J$l for R Iyer and
$1 25@1 75 for Oregon:. Garnet, Chiles. $1 f5@l 40.
Sweets. 63@75c for Merced: New Potatoes. IK©
l%c per lb in sacks and $1®1 75 In boxes. -
l ONIONS— Australians. > jobbing 1 , at *4«n -->.
New Red. 30<»75c per sack. ; .„»«,-.
VEGETABLES-Rhuborb. 40c@$l 2a _ 1W box.
Asparagus, $1 75<ff 2 for I large. $1 2 a @l 50 pel
box for No. 1 and 50c®*l for No. -•^, Teen^V^'
«5c®$l per sack:- harden Peas, 2#2V«c: .String
Beans. 4@6c fo. Vacavllle and o@.c for
River: Cabbage.' 60©75c per ctl: Tomatoes. Mex
ican. $1@1 25 per crate: from Los Angeles. 5oc^
$1; Dried Peppers. 12®lSc; Dry Okra. lac per
lb; Carrots. 25®35c per sack: Hothouse Cucum
bers, 75c@$l per dozen; Marys ville Cucumbers.
$1 50@2 per box; Garlic, 4c for new. Green Pep
pers,-®V>e per lb; Egg Plant. 10@15c per lb:
Green Corn. 25c@40c per dozen; Summer Squasn,
75c@jl per box; Bay do, . . - , - / ,
Poultry and Game.
The market .' continues well supplied and
rather weak than otherwise. •!:¦".' ¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9010c for Gobblers
and 11012c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $123©
1 50; Goslings. $1 50@2; Ducks. *3 50®4 50 for
old and $5@6 for young; Hens. H®5; - young
Roosters, $6 50<g7 50; old Roosters, $4@4 a0;
Fryers. $4 E0©6; Broilers. $3 50® 4 for. large
and $202 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 2501 50 per
dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs
GAME— Hare, $1@1 23; Rabbits, ?1 2aSl aO
for Cottontail and 75c©$l for Brush.
Butter, theese and Eggs.
The condition of this market is easily . ex
pressed. Briefly, Eggs, Cheese and Butter are
all in good supply - and weak. Eggs being
especially depressed under 'excessive .' stocks.
Dealers are making concessions to work them
off.and even-then they do not go.
'Receipts were 55,100 pounds and* 61 tubs of
Butter, 1173 cases of Eggs. 400 cases Eastern
Eggs," 6950 pounds California Cheese and — —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. i7%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, t lt®16fto
per lb. ' . . -
CHEESE— New. 8@9c; old. nominal ; ., Young
Americas, 9@10c. . . .
EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, 12>£@13}£c per doaen. . ¦
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— . ' .
Creamery— Extras. 17c; firsts. 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c: choice.
7\4c; common, nominal; Young . Americas, 914c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Vsc per lb.
EGGS- " -.
California Ranch— Selected White. 14c; mixed
colors. 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; standard.
12c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
While, receipts of Cherries' are^below the
average at this season the market seems to
be oversupplied with them, probably because
the demand is less than usual.- Their quality
is excellent this year, save for the damage
done by the recent rains.
Strawberries are lower. Currants now sell
by the chest and are slow. Receipts of Apples,
Apricots and Peaches are still light.
Six cars of Orang-es were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $14?2 05; choice do, 75c© I
$170; standard do. C0c<3$l 40; St. Michaels,
$1 40@2 JO; Mediterranean Sweets, 80c@$l 40.
Raspberries are lower under larger receipts.
Eastern Apples are still lower and dull.
, DECIDUOUS FRUITS. . •
' APPLES— Eastern. $1 50@l 75 per box; local
new, 50® 65c. *
APRICOTS— 75c@$l per crate and 5Oc@$l per
box for Pringles and $1@1 25 for Seedlings and
Royals.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2740 boxes, selling
at 35@50c per box for red. 35@65c for dark and
4C£t*5c for Royal Anne; in bulk. 3@6c per lb
for black and 2J?4c for red.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per drawer.
PEACHES— $1@1 23 per box.
STKAWB0IIRIES— $l®7 per chest for Long
worths and $3©5 for large . berries. Receipts
were 415 chests and 5S0 crates. The latter sold
at- 75c(&$l per crate. - •
LOGAN BERRIES— $10013 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 50 per
crate. .'.•.'
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest; from New
castle, $1*31 25 per crate. -
GOOSEBERRIES— 20<g35c per drawer: Eng
lish. per lb.
CITRRANTS— $3®4 50 per chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— Naval -Oranges, 73c<S$2 23;
Seedling?, 60c<S$l; Mediterranean Sweets,
75cig$l 50: Tangerines. 50c©$l 25; Lemons. 75c
@$1 25 for common 'anil $1 i/ifli 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, o0cf>$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$4<j 1 50; Bananas, $1 5'."#3 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1@3 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $2@4 per dozen. ,".-¦,•¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
The climate and crop section of the Weather
Bureau reports as follows regarding the Oregon
crop of fruit: ,
"Complaints regarding the dropping of Ital
ian prunes have Increased* over the northern
portion of the Willamette Valley and th« yield
there will fall short of former expectations.
The outlook for a good crop of apples continues
favorable."
FRUITS— Apricots, t><3T>6e for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples. 4<S6c: sun-dried. 1%®2c; Peaches,'
IWQAq for standard, 4\J@5% for choice and &9
6'/ic for fancy; Pears,. 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 3@
4c: unpltted, . l@l^c; Nectarines, i'Qi'AQ for
red and 4ffl5c for whit*.
PRUNES — * Hlzes. 3c: 40-50s. fi^c: 5O-60a. *V t c;
60-70S, 3%c; 70-SCs, >3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90- 100a,
2Mc; 100-1203. l',*c. .
RAISINS— The Rai3ln Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. ' 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c;- prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lQ&c per lb:
choice. 9y,c: standard, 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; .Seedless. 50-lb boxes,'
G'Ac; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5>,4c: seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3
crown. $1-60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50:
Imperial, $3. All prices • f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California. - -.- v,
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10@llc: No.
2. 7%(g8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c: No. 2. 6®7c:
Almonds. 13@14c for papershelL 10@lle for soft-
Fhell and 5@6c for hardshell : Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. U@ll^c; Filberts,"
12@12»/4c: Pecans. 1W 13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50<35. :
HONEY— Comb. 12@12&c for . bright and 11®
lUAc for light amber;, water white extracted.
4V.©5i^c; light amber extracted, 3%@4' /2 c; dark,
3%c. - . ' ' .
BEESWAX-25®Kc uer lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report
CURKD MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@13c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12U@i3c; Mess Beef, $13
rer barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Family, $1150;
prime Mess Pork, $15: extra clear. $23; Mess,
$19 ; Smoked Beef, . 13V4<7?14c per lb.
LA^RD— Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
10\;©10%c; 10-lb tins, 10*;@ll«4c; ; 5-lb tins,
l&7*@ll%e. ¦ ,
COTTOLENE— One . half-barrel. 8%c: three
half-barrels, ,8%c; one tierce. 8Hc; two. tierces,
SHc; five tierces, 8?ic per lb.
Hides', Talloiv, Wool and Hops!
All " descriptions under, this head remain ¦un
changed.:. .
HIDES AND SKINS-pCulls and brands sell
about j l%c under quotations. ' Heavy. Salted
Steers, 10c: medium. 9c; llsht. 8@8%c; Cow
Hides,' 8>/4c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags
Gkc: Salted Kip. Sc; Salted Veal. 0mv>c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dr»r Hides, 16c; Culls. 13%@i4c: Drv
K!p, 16c; Dry Calf. 16@17c; Culls and Brands
13<!il4c: SheeriEKlns. - shearlings, 15@30« each
short Wool, 30<Q>Mc each: medium. 60@7"-c ; . Ions?
"Wool, SCc@$l each; Horse Hides, salt; p.y) for
large and $2@2 25 for medium. $l@i 23 f or 3m all
and :0c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 f O r
large." $123 for medium. : $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins*-Summer or red skins. 33c
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin snini"
20c' Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; lance and
smooth. Me; medium, 35c. . ; .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. IHc per Ib; extra
tne. 5c: No. 2, 3%©4c; greare. 2@2%c.
•.WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15<g)16c . per lb; Northern, free y>@\
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free' 10&
11s: do. defective. SigiOc: Southern. 12 months
S@9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do de^
fective. 7 months. ,7?/Sc; Oregon Valley, fine 15
(fil6c; do, ¦ medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, 12® 14c; do, fair to good 9@lle-
Nevada, '10@12c. . '-
HOP3-15@20c per lb. '
¦'-'_. General "Merchandise.
\: "GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags.'Jj 63f Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7Uc; local . make. He' less
than Calc/ittas; Wool' Bags. 30@34c; Fleece
Twine, ¦ 7%@8c.. '.<••', '
i COAL— Wellington," $9 per . ton: Southfleld
Wellington; $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50;-,. Wallsend, 19;- Co-operative Walla
end, $9; Cumberland; $12 in bulk and SIS 23 In
sacks:' Pennsylvania Anthracite - Egg. Hi: Can
nel,'$io per ton;. Coke, $15. per ton in bulk and
$17 In, sacks; Rocky . Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per. 2000 pounds and $3 SO per ton. accord
inc. to brand. - /*9EWflRSBflpE*q|t4nMHMOg>'
•Harrison's circular 'says:- "During the> week
there have b«en four .arrivals -'of coal from
British Columbia,- 14,223 tons; two from'Wash
ln?ton;|5720:>two from Oregon, '1110; total, SL
OES, tons."- No ' foreign has arrived .for. the past
three ¦. weeks -¦¦ and : there are only . two ' cargoes
overdue. I This demonstrates • that the . northern
collieries are fully competent" to deliver 'us all
the 1 coal; require*! for our local uses.' Still 'we
TEE SAJN rKAONCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ : MAY 2*. 1901-
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
all markets, an* manufacturers are hopeful, al
though-demand, for. goods, is still disappoint
ing. Especially, good ' • advices • . come ¦ ¦•• from
wholesalers and Jobbers In silks, and the raw
silk ' market still tends higher,', on . better , de
mand.", ;;..'. ¦¦:<'¦ ¦¦¦"¦• ¦'.',. i ¦">¦¦*.¦* i-
Wheat ': : (including flour) shipments for -the
week aggregate 4.796.0S4 bushels, against 3,984,
968 bushels last week, 3,698,968 bushels In the
corresponding: week of 1900, 3,198,319 bushels In
1899 and 4,309,133 bushels In 1SS8. , -¦ V
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 190,408,662 bushels, against 178,393,556
bushels last season and 209,893,175 bushels . In
1898-99. ¦', . • : ¦ • . . ¦"
Failures for the week number 192, against 192
last week, 167 in this week a year ago, 158 in
1S99.' 231 in 1S98 and 257 in 1S97. - Canadian fail
ures number 24, against 14 last week, 17 In this
week a year ago, 23 In 1S9D, 18 In 1838 and 20 In
1697. ¦ ' '
if* 8S% for demand and at $4 87% for sJxty
days. Posted rates, $4 85% and $4 89. Com
mercial bills, $4 84@4 84%. Silver certificates,
nominally 60c. Bar silver, 59%c. Mexican
dollars. 48%c. State bonds, steady; Govern
ment bonds, strong ; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
12
New York Grain and Produce.
I Last I This
STATIONS. 24 Hours) Season.
I Lest
.Season.
: : ¦ _
Eureka ....
Red BKiff 0.06 24.67
Sacramento 19.77
San Francisco 20.97 .
Fresno Trace. 11.03
Independence .'. Trac«. 6.61
fian Luis Oblspo 31.07
I -is Angeles 0.46 16.06
Pan Diego 0.05 11.S3
4K.63
22.94
20.24
18.42
10.27
,3.63
17.20
7.91
$.83
I Last I This
STATIONS. 24 Hours) Season.
I Lest
.Season.
: : ¦ _
Eureka ....
Red BKiff 0.06 24.67
Sacramento 19.77
San Francisco 20.97 .
Fresno Trace. 11.03
Independence .'. Trac«. 6.61
fian Luis Oblspo 31.07
I -is Angeles 0.46 16.06
Pan Diego 0.05 11.S3
4K.63
22.94
20.24
18.42
10.27
,3.63
17.20
7.91
$.83
AUCTION: SALES"
AUCTION SALE.
fe . . £=»
Tuesday. May 23. at 11 O'clock.
AT SWITZER'S SALES YARDS.
CORNER TWELFTH AND HARRISON
STREETS.
1 will sell a complete contractor's outfit, con-
sisting of 30 head of DRAFT HORSES. 13 head
of Good Work Mules; also IX head of Driving
Horses and a lot of Harness, and one carload
of well-bred unbroke Horses. " Havlns Hhjj«hrd
my contract. I will positively sell this stock to
the highest bidder— H. B. Furlong. Contractor.
' S. WA.TKl.VS, Auctioneer.
Office 1140 Folsom Street.SEPARATES FROM j HER HUS
BAND AFTER A QUARREL
OVER DOMESTIC AFFAIRS.
MRS. iMcKINLEyS^PICTURE^'ln 'the
Wasp's' sixty-page souvenir.'
For sale at all news stands. -25 cents.'-' .*•¦.
BERKELEY, '.'• May 24.— -The :: Associated
Students of - the Berkeley, v: High , ; School
cicctc-d the following' officers this* morn
ing for the ensuing year : ¦ President, Bert
Chaplin; vice* president, -'Jam'es . Brehm;
secret ary, Anthony. Dorn ; ( - treasurer, ,Wil
llamHenry.;',; ' ? ; ; J -.- v . .'
Student Offlcsrs.
The "flower of the family" often turns
out to be a "bloonUn", chump!" ;.•.;. . .
"The Taming of the Shrew" -and Whit
tlesey will - enact Pjatrucio. ¦ The latter
has just 1 finished an- engagement ' with
Ada Rehan and is said to have ! benefited
by:his season withthe 1 noted actress..
A week : . will be devoted to 'a revival of
"Sapho" and- other popular pieces -that
have, filled the :- Alcazar _• during their
former productions. .-"-.
.-'.THE 1 BANQUET TO THE POSTMAS
TER GENERAL. Among the sixty pages
of ' pictures In the Wasp's Presidential
souvenir number. 25 cents. ' - «
' Professor Burt. Kstes Howard of Stan
ford. University will lecture on the poems
of Omar Khayyam at : Metropolitan i Tem
ple on Friday evening. May 31. The sub
ject is one of unusual attractiveness and
one to which Professor Howard has*'de
voted much time and study. .
To Lecture on Omar Khayyam.
Judge Seawell sustained a demurrer yes
terday to the , complaint filed by , Mrs,
Theresa Bell, as administratrix of the es
tate of the late Thomas Bell,' to set aside
an assessment levied on stock- in the
Standard Quicksilver Company, which be
came delinquent and resulted in the loss"
of the stock to the estate. Judge Seawell
held that an action to quiet title to per
sonal property would ' < not lie, but he
pointed out that if Mrs. Bell was refused
the right to vote at a stockholders' meet
ing for the election of directors she oould
contest the election, or if a dividend
should be declared sho could ' sue to re
cover the same, which suit would estab
lish the. ownership of the s^ock. '.
Mrs. Bell Loses a Point.
Berkeley Memorial . Services.
BERKELEY, May 24.— Memorial day
exercises will be held here In: Odd Fel
lows' Hall on May 30 under the auspices
of Lookout . Mountain Post, - Grand Army
of ' the Republic. - -Rev.- Georg^-B. Hatch,
pastor of > the " First . Congregational
Church of this city, will deliver the me
morial, address. ; < -' *
Jury Secured to : Try Brandes.
OAKLAND* May 1 24.— The - work of ;se
curing i jury* 1o try Brandes a. second
time en the charge of murder was com
pleted to-day.. The regular panel and a
special venlro of thirty, talesmen were ex
hausted before the jury, was secured. ,
Says He Will Confer With^Counsel on
; / the Legality of Water
; -: ";. : ,' Bills. ¦',':•¦¦ ¦.;;.. > . ¦'
AUDITOR BREED ; WAITS ' : V
; ' . * POfi. ; IiEGAX ADVICE
OAKLAND. May; 24.— The. claims of the
Contra Costa ; Water Company, aggregat-*
ing J25.307.19 for water supplied to- the
city during 1 ; ten ; i months : of. v this : fiscal
year,; have been flled.wlth Auditor Breed,
having been ordered paid by the Board
of; Public Works under : instructions ¦ from
the City Council: Auditor : . Breed. r an
nounced that; he- would /take no action
concerning the issuance.- of .warrants*' ispon
the Treasurer . until : Monday, ; when he
proposes to take' legal advice before mak
ing any; moveJj; t '. :-. \y .-.-,. ;';•¦ ;.
'. ','Bef ore ; Monday my, deputies will ' qheck
up > and :.¦;-. compute 1 7 the ?. chargres 'to % see
whether they are correct as to items and
amounts,": said ! the Auditor. "The bills
will i be : handed | to me % Monday. I "shall
then have ¦ my counsel pass upon their
legality.".^ r ¦- ¦'.'. • -,.-, ;¦; .. . . : < . .- .-.- ,- ; ...-•¦
f' if, the rAuditcr- shall decide to draw the
warrants the matter of payment will, rest
with * Treasurer,; Felton; Taylor. \ J •
i These arc the bills involved In the com
promise ,madeby /WV* J; Dingee by which
:the claimsof May and June areiremltted
and .the -money: transferred to the -High
School ".fund ,for ; payment v of teachers'
salaries.!.,';-:-;,:. '•.-..¦ : •-,*.¦.;¦¦;- ¦ .-.. .*• ¦-. :¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.¦'Alajrieida County." \1>
• Frank L. Hammond to Harriet' L. Chamber
lain 1 , "lot on E- line of -Adeline street, '50 S of
West Tenth \ street. . S 33 by E 10O.\ block 546,
Boardman's Map," Oakland: $U0O. - - - . ¦
• Carrie C. -Plapp. 1 '¦¦ Rudolph • S.; Brauer. ' Lydia
B.-Bader,' Herman- O., Julia C.^Thusnelda C.
and Rose 1 " Brauer to "Charlotte F. -Brauer. • lot
on E line of Webster avenue, 1SS.!8:S. of Glen
avenue,- fi«l43. 25, W, 65.23, : N 1.0, W. 144. N45
to beginning, portion of 'Glen Echo Tract.'-Map
2/ Oakland; alao " " lots 21 - to 24. - block K.
Knowles v and -Potter subdivision" of Kennedy
Tract, East Oakland ; t also ; property In Lassen
County; a sift." ,. I ¦ .:.-¦. .¦.¦,..,..
• Palmlna-Semlo (wife of»B^rtolomeo) to Ora
zio Boicelll. lots 22. -23. 25, '2». and W 15 feet of
lot 27. block A. lots 18to 21, block C. lot* 1 to
7, 22 to 28, bJooU pilots 1 to 7, -block B, lots 15
to 23, block H , Garden ; Tract < Homestead. . Map
2 ; Oakland ;- ; also 'lot -on SE corner of Sixteenth
and -Wood streets, -E 105:3H. 'SW 113, N 43:6^j
to beclnnins: : : also lot on - SE cornsr ¦ of Six
teenth and "Wood streets, B 103:3^i. S 115.. N
4o:6 1 4 "to beginning:, t. block C, -Garden-; Tract
Horriesteacl No. 2, Oakland; J30C0. :- ; .*
" William and - Aygrie E. - Corbin to ; Hugn Mc-
NelU Jr., lot on SE line of Fontalnebleau ave
nue. ' 2U0 NE of" Madlnon' cr - East- Fifteenth
street,, NK .101.40 'i by , : . SE, JO. '_¦ block?4,.Map of
Fontalnebleau Tract, East Oakland; ?iyo. :' -
:,Anscn S. and Anita S, Blake to-EHse and J^
P. ¦ Trouillet, :¦ lot 10, block E, Map of 'Peralta
Heights, Eest Oakland; $2500.1' \- *i •;,»...
•¦Kmily.B. Hopkins to George '.W.- Randall; lot
on N line of Rose, street, :74.S6,W of Arch, iW.
CO. , N 125.43,, E ; 50, , S 121.20, to beginning," being
the;W50 fek of lot IS, block A, Hopkins Ter
race.*- Berkeley; ? ?15C0. '•. t^MHfqMsilfjHSBH
-J Fannie l^r. Fine - to Mary : R. James, ; lot on S
line of Tompklns or -Oreson * street,- 160 • K 'of
Dwinell; ;E 40 • by : S 135/ portion • of "State Uni-
verslty Homestead Association No. 3. Berks
ley: jieoo. . ¦ - f
Maria L. Pierce to "William J. Pierce. lot on
the N corner ¦ Central avenue and Chestnut
street. NW 54 by NE 157:6: also lot on N line
Central avenue. 54 W of Chestnut street, W 34
by N 157:6. block 1, map of Stewart property:
also lot on NW line of Chestnut street. 157«
NEJ of Central avenue. NE 20 by NW 108. Ala
mpda: $4C00. . , •
C. L. Murch to Donald Nicholson. lot on B
line of Haven street, 500 N of B, N SO by E
133, being subdivisions A and B In lot 6. block
802. portion of Watts Tract. Oakland; J100O.
Edward J. and Camilla A. Ste-wart to Sarah
C. Roberts, wife of John P.. lots 28 and 23 on
map of «ubdivl8ion of Wall tract. Oakland:
Agnes J. Parsons (widow) to Amanda A
Sander, wife of Joseph, lot 28, block A. map or
lands of North Oakland View Homestead Asso
ciation, portion Walsworth 100-acre tract. Oak
land; J1000. ,
Samuel H. and Alice M. Buteaa to Erani»
Lang, wife of Louis, lot on S corner of East
Twelfth street and Third avenue, SE 50 by SW
100. block 29, Clinton, East -Oakland; HO.
Judson M. and Louise S. Davis to Oscar T.
Hunt, lot 27. block O, Harmon tract. Berkeley;
$300. . - .--..¦..'
Andrew Moodburr to Gottlieb Kraschwtt i
lot 13. block C. Leonard. tract. Berkeley; $300. '
George C. and Maude Bi Rlley to Russell M.
Jewett.. Jot 11, block B, map of Moss tract.
Berkeley.Township; $500.
Warren Olney to Matilda. Nelson, lot 13.
block 13. North Alameda tract. Berkeley Town
ship; $130. - i . -^ , ,r • <•
»G. TV. and AbWe'B. Fisher to Puget Sound
Lumber Company, lot on NW corner Railroad
avenue and St Charles street. W 83:3 by V 150
Alameda; $10. . . • y Ja0 *
Reg Jna. Reilly to Joseph .R. Kaelln. lot on
NE corner of Eijhth. and Adeline streets B
40 by. N 125, block 548, Boardman's Map Oak
land; 15000. - . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
_ Conradlne C. Ever; (slnxle) to Llxale Stein
beck twlfe of H C. W.). lot on S line of
Lydla street. .100 E of West. E JH by S 100
block K. Curtis and Williams Tract Oak
land; J1000. .
rOeorge + P., John TV Margaret J. and Anna
M. Smyth • and Emma E. - Bryant et 5 al (by
Clarance Crowell, commissioner) to Central
Bank, lot on N line of Locust street. ¦ 88.30 B
of Telegraph avenue;, E 31,by,N 87, block 11
map of Paiitnc Homestead, Oakland; $1667' *
Joan O. - Dunsmulr to Jamea P. Taylor " all
interest In following: Lot on E' line of Frank
lln street. -75 S of i First. S 125 E 200 V 10O
W 75. N 100, W 23, S 75. "W 100.; to beVinning.
Oakland; also lot on NW corner pf Thirtieth
street and San Pablo avenue. N 88:3% W
51:11*4.-8 50. E ,141:514, to berinnin^, lots <
to 8, . block : 872. Glascock. .Tract, quitclaim
deed. Oakland : $10.
Albert S." Woodbridge to Selina * F.' Wood
bridge, air Interest* in following: Lot' on W
corner of East Twenty-first street and Twen
ty-second, avenue, SW 80 by-NW'lOO block
51, San Antonio. East Oakland: also lots 13
14. 21. 22. 27 t to 30, 41 and 4?. . block B Pros
pect Hill Tract,. Brooklyn Township: $ .
Allen D. TYllson to James Leon de Fretn
ery, parcel of land bounded on N by right of
way. Western division of the C. P. R. R as
now uHed.W-by center line of Fifth avenua
or Strode ¦ street as It would be if extender?
S across the -harbor line to Ship Channel. 3
by. Ship Channel, "E by center line of Ninth
avenue as It would be if extended -S to Ship
Channel, including' In part the premises de
scribed in decree quieting- tHl« In case of
Maria Hall vs. James Larue et al. East Oak
land: $62,000. >. . ¦ , '
., Bfary J. Foster, to Granville F. Foster, lot
on Nline of Fm»rsf>n street, 312:2 E of Shat-*
tuck avenue. E M by N 105,' lot 16. block C.
mai> ; of e»«t»m • portion of Xewiury Tract.
Berkeley; $510. ¦ -.»¦ ; ¦ . -
San ' Francisco Savings Union . ; to Edward • P. '
Bancroft, lots 2S and . 23, . block 11. amentJed
map; of Central Park. Alcatraz and Newbury
stations. "BfrkMey: $825. . ¦¦ . . . •
; Delia L. ¦Williams to Thomas Shorter, all in
terest-in lots 6, 7. 9 and 10. block 10, new town
Of Lynn, East. Oakland (warranty deed);.JSOO.
Elizabeth" T. White to'Franci3 Ferrier.i all
!iterej>t in lot 22 and N 2K f«*-t of lot 2V block
r>. | map of eastern portion . of Ne^rbury Tract,
Berkeley; *lCfe. *. - „
: Charles J Foye to' Josenh Scott. Iqt on NW
corner of let 3, thence NW" on H!Il?slde avenu?
33. NE, 146.47.. SE 21:75. th«nc».SW 113 tobe-
Kinnlnir portion of block B. Batchelder Tract.
Berkeley (quitclaim deed); $1. rafiMHV3MHB
!' Charles S. and 'Martha W. - Perry . to ' same.
same: ?2."C0. ¦ - . f '-¦."¦
' J. E. ¦< Baker, surviving trustee .foe Jos«ph
Marts-tany Jr.. to Elmer Westlakc (as trust?e>. •
64S D. 437." lots V 2 and 3. bloc k.T. lands adH
ccnt - to - Encinal, Alameda ' * (trustee's • deetU;
Funeral cf Rev.; Moses Williams.
• OAKLAND, • May « 24.'— The % funeral ," ' of
tho late Rev. Mosc3 • Williams.'; pastor /of
the , 'Welsh *;-' Presbyterian' Church, ¦>. took
place * this ' afternoon.- vv. -.: »'vt /"¦' ., •••-:¦ .. -~-y- ¦
: The officiating > clergyman, the Rev. ; Dr.
Baker, was : assisted ' by the 'Rev.' Mr
Curry and; Rev.: J.W. Phillips.
-,The . church V was -thronged *. with -•- the
dead s- preacher's -".friends.- :whx>' - brought
many beautiful ' floral , tributes. ¦¦'«' ¦''¦ ¦;--y> \ >
" The ; pallbearers ; were: V,W.". R. ; Thomas*
W. - S.s Jones,! Richard Hughes. Hugh Da
t vis,; "William > Abrams -, and John <- Williams l
.-¦¦> The ¦¦> Interment : was in ; Mountain View
OAKLAND. May 24.— W. J. Dingee an
nounces a big auction sale of Oakland real
estate to-morrow.. The realty belongs to
the estate of the late" Mrs. ? Elizabeth
Hutchinson, and the executors have or
dered it sold in order to pay. the legacies
of the Eastern heirs. ¦ Included in the es
tate are some of the best 'business and
residence properties in'Oakland.
¦"Will Sail Hutchinson Estate.
The deed recites that the Atchison Com
pany is the owner of all the shares of all
the capital stock of the Santa Fe road ex
cept thirteen, held by the directors thereof
and the owner of > 24,630 shares of air- the
capital stock of the Valley Company ex
cept eleven held by the directors thereof
and eleven held by others.
The deed covering the transfer of the
property of the^San Francisco and San
Joaquln Valley Railway Company to the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company was filed for record yesterday.
The deed Is stamped with revenue stamps
amounting to $2465 50,* showing that the
consideration is $2,465,200. The transfer is
subiect to a mortgage of $6,000,000 held by
tho Mercantile Trust Company of New
York, trustee. The property is 37o.37 miles
In length and consists of railroad and tele
graph lines running from Point Richmond
to a junction with the main track of the
Southern Pacific Company, a distance of
306.66 miles, and from Calma Juncti<$h to
Corcoran Junction, a distance of 68.81
miles. • . . • '- . .. ¦,
pany Becomes Owner of the
Corporation.
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Pe Com-
DEED TEANSFESEma THE
. VALLEY ROAD RECORDED
Reception to Returned Missionary.
BERKELEY, May 24.— Miss . Gertrude
Barker, a returned missionary from India,
was tendered a reception last evening In
the parlors of the First Congregational
Church. There was a programme of mu
sic and song and Rev. George B. Hatch
delivered the ' address of welcome. Re
freshments were served and the young la
dies who waited upon the guests wore
white with Hindoo draperies.
OAKLAND/ May 24.— The first impor
tant step toward the celebration of the
Fourth of July in Oakland was taken, to
night, when a general meeting of mer
chants was held and Chairman Fred Sin
clair announced, his list of committees.
Mr. Sinclair was recently appointed' gen
eral . chairman i for -the { celebration, with
power to appoint^ all necessary commit
tees. The committee* are as follows:
Executive committee— D. C. Brown, chair
man; A. H. Breed,' George C Pardee,; H. p.-
Cusbinp F M. Fisher, F. J. Mofntt. J. F. "VV.
Sohst, E. Lenhardt, At" Jonas, G. B. • Daniels,
H. M. Sanborn, W. B. Standeford, J. L.
Chamlin, C. J. Heeseman, E.« A. Sherman, J.i
S. NaismitlT. -* ,.- t
'Finance — Theo Gler, chairman ;»John Mitchell,
A. H. Schleuter, F. K. : Mott. J. P. . Taylor,
W. H. Wellby. J. F. W. Sohst. . .
Parade— O. W. Arper, . chairman: George
Kirk. . Daniel Crowley, J. P. . Kerns. "CD.
Rogers; St.* Clair Hodgkins, "Webb N. Pearce. •
• Afternoon entertainments — Dr. J. , L. Mayon.
chairman; F. J. Lea. J. J. Allen, Paul Car
roll, :C. K. King. H. C. Coward, F. M. Far-
Decorations— J. S. "Wbcson, chairman; E.^.T.
Letter E. F.- Muller,- ¦ H. • • G. Williams, F.
Pereira C. J. Heeseman, J. Naegrle.
. Evening entertainment— J. A: Britton, chair
man: W. Frank Pierce, H. 4 N. Gard. .H. N.
Sloper. H. Muir, Clay H. Hawbacker. p. A.
p ress _lp. M.. Fisher, "chairman; Cragle
Sharp, J.-g; White. • \
Fourth- of July Celebration.
OAKLAND, May 24.— The Pentecostal
service held this morning in the First
Jewish Synagogue was more than usually
elaborate on account of the confirmation
of a number of young people. Those who
received the confirmation rite were Sam
uel Abraham, Juaet Bahr. Percy Conn.
Sophie Karewski, Belle Pantosky and
Ruby Rosenberg'. ±>abbl Friedlander was
the officiating, clergyman.
Young People Are Confirmed.
retail butcher shops in Alameda County
have accepted the hours demanded'by the
Amalgamated Meat Cutters arid Journey
man Butchers. .With one exception, every
shop so. far visited has conformed to the
union schedule. ,
The committee from the "union is confi
dent that the new card will be unlversallv
in force throughout the county by June 1.
A meetinsr'of the carpet layers and up
holsterers has been- called for Saturday
night to consider organization under union
auspices. ¦••'•' • • " - .
At the Judson and Oakland Iron works
the situation remains unchanged, no
strike having yet been ordered for the
molders. ¦ . . . ". * ¦ _
Little Opposition Experienced in Se
curing the Adoption of New
Schedule of Hours.
OAKLAND, May 24.— Klghty of .the 110
ALAMEDA COUNTY BTJTCHER
SHOPS JOIN THE UNION
Florence Roberts, the versatile actress,
who has long been a favorite with local
playgoers. Is to open- a sixteen-weeKs
season at the Alcazar Theater, beginning
June 3. This will be welcome news to
the theater-goers of this city and vicinity.
Tney will have an 'opportunity to see the
clever actress In a number of new pro
ductions and in some of the plays that
she produced in past seasons and which
have added to her fame.
Miss Roberts will be supported by such
well-known actors as White Whittlesey,
Barton Hill and Lucius • Henderson. She
will produce a number of plays that have
never been seen on this coast. Among
them will be "For Bonnie Prince Char
lie," "Countess Valeska" and two new
plays by Miss Charlotte Thompson. The
first two plays have been produced in the
East by Julia Marlowe. Miss Roberts has
secured the exclusive rights to them. Her
repertoire will contain such popular plays
as "Peg Wofflngton," "The School for
Scandal," "The Taming of the Shrew"
and a revival of "Sapho," ' ' "Camille,"
"Romeo and Juliette" and "The Country
Girl."
Miss Roberts Is highly pleased with
"For Bonnie Prince Charlie." She says
it is one of the prettiest and best plays
ehe has ever read and she believes it
will be greatly enjoyed ¦ by the Alcazar
patrons. In it she plays the part of a
beggar girl and must of necessity be at
tired in rags. This will be somewhat dis
appointing to her feminine admirers, who
critically survey her gowns, as Miss Rob
erts is said to be one of the best dressed
women on the stage. Whittlesey will
hide his handsome countenance behind
bushy whiskers and his form will also be
clad In rags, as he ¦will play the part of
a blind man 80 years old. Henderson will
be "Bonnie Prince Charlie" and a bonnie
figure he will make. ' , .
The argument of the play centers- upon
ths disastrous attempt of Charles -Ed
ward, the "Young Pretender," to estab
i lish himself upon the throne. The hand
some young fellow lands in Scotland and
appears to the retainers of Clanmorris,
who. rally to his support. The play is
from the pen of J. I. Clark, the noted
playwright and. Is full of dramatic situa
tions and beautiful lines. It is expected
to surpass anything of its kind ever put
on at the Alcazar. It Is -a Scottish play
and the atmosphere of the land* of. the
heather, is sustained throughout. Special
music has been written for the produc
tion, the rehearsals of which began yes
terday. . ,
"Countess Valeska' V Is » also ¦¦ a strong
play* and has been well received ; in the
East. In this and other productions Miss
Roberts will wear some beautiful cos
tumes that- have been : specially made for
her by Herman of New- York. Barton
Hill, a survivor of the old - California
Theater Stock Company, will plav, Trlp
lett In the production of "Ppg Wofflng
ton." He has won fame In this part and
will be a good foil to Miss Roberts' Peg.
The ¦ two new plays by Miss Charlotte
Thompson are said to be excellent. They
ant up-to-date • comedy dramas and the
California •' playwright- -has shown gres.t
skill in the writing of them. - A; peculiar
feature of the plays - Is , that ; one., is a'
sequel to the other. One, Is entitled "Sil
ver • Mounted Harness," and » the .play
that: takes un ; the -thread- of the story
Is called "Miss Pendragon." ', . ,
. Miss Roberts will play Catherine in ,
Open Season at
Alcazar.
Florence Roberts Will
CLEVER ACTRESS
IN NEW PLAYS
ALAMEDA. May 24.— Miss Charlotte
Zimmerman of 2933 Lincoln ave
nue has met with such marked
tuccesi in several amateur op
eras and farces in which she has
appeared before the Alameda -public that
fehe contemplates making her professional
debut on the comic opera stage.
MIbs Zimmerman is a natural entertain
er, chic and witty, and possesses original
mannerisms which have mado her a fa
vorite-with audiences. Besides her talents
as an actress Mies Zimmerman sings well,
her voice being a high noprano. She has
many friends *n local eoclety, who predict
for her a successful career in her chosen
profession. Sh-» probably will pursue her
studies for the stage in the Cast.
In the recent entertainment given by
Alameda Tong No. 1 of the Alameda
White Highbinders Miss Zimmerman took"
a leading part. She was so disguised in
Chinese costume that some of her most,
intimate friends failed to recognize her.
It took two real Chinese women a whole,
afternoon to "do" her hair up in the Ori
ental fashion. The young lady made a
decided hit. She sang several songs from
"The Geisha," including "Chon Chon Chi
naman" and "The Jewel of Asia.'-!
Miss Zimmerman resides, with her moth^
er and is a California girl.
CORPORAL DAVES
AGAIN ON DUTY
Provost Sergeant at the
Presidio Acquitted
of Charges.
Corpcra.1 "Tu?" Davis is once again per
forming the duties of provost sergeant at
the Presidio. He was restored to duty yes
terday at noon, the findings of the court
martial which tried him. on a charge of
corruption having been approved by Gen
eral Shatter.
Corporal Davis was accused some time
ago of accepting bribes from merchants
doing business near the Presidio gates to
allow them to enter the reservation to
collect moneys cue them from soldiers for
civilian outfits. The character of the wit
nesses who .testified for the prosecution
•was attacked, with the result that the
board of officers appointed to receive the
testimony returned a verdict of not guilty.
The prosecution of the charges rested
with Lieutenant Lloyd England. Davis
wae defended by Lieutenant Boyd.-
The books of the merchants were sub
mitted as evidence against Davis, but no
record of the payment of any moneys to
the corporal could be found on their
pages. The aim of the defense was to
prove that the charges of the merchants
were due to a desire to secure tho re
moval of Davis from the arduous duty of
provost sergeant It was shown that in a
number of cases the testimony was of
fered by men that had been ordered off
the reservation by Davis, and on many
occasions had been escorted -off the
grounds by men under the command of
Davis. This clacs of testimony was of
fered freely but had little effect, as the
counrel for the defense showed that the
removal of the corporal through a- convic
tion on the charges preferred would
prove of great benefit to those who pre
ferred them. ,
The two companies of the Eleventh In
fantry will leave the Presidio this morn-
Ing at 8 o'clock "for the transport dock,
where they will embark on the transport
Lawton tor Manila. This detachment of
the Eleventh has been here since April L
It was due to sail on April 15, but was
kept here owing to the breaking out of
smallpox among the men. They were
eent to Angel island and remained there
for three week*;. They then returned to
•Lamp at the Presidio, and have been kept
there through the failure to complete the
repairs on the Lawton.
Lieutenant* J. I. McMullen arid William
S. Barrigcr have been assigned for duty
with the Fift2enth Cavalry at the Pre
sidio. .
Major George S. Young, Eighteenth In
fantry, has been ordered for duty at Al
catraz Island.
Veterinarian John Tempany, Ninth Cav
alry, has been ordered for duty at the
Presidio. Dr. Tempany Is the oldest man
at present doing active Ber vice in 'the
United States army. He has been a mem
ber of the organization since 185S, when
he enlisted in the First Dragoons, which
after the civil war became the First Cav
alry cf the organization of to-day. Dr.
Tempany patsed through San Francisco '
with the dragoons In 1858 under orders for
<Juty at Walla Walla. He passed through .
here again In 1861 en route to the scene :
of strife in the South. In 1S38 he went to
Cuba and served through the Spanish-
American war. At the close of that short
but bitter struggle he was ordered back
to the United States and sent over the
country to purchase horses for the cav
alry branch of the service. A short time
ago be was ordered to the Philippines, but
«he cessation of hostilities In the islands
.cndered his services unnecessary, and he i
has been assigned to duty here.
WILL WORK ON STREETS :
TO SECURE PREE -LICENSE
Bill-Poster ".Will I*abor Ten w Days in
Return for a Bight ; lo
.. •¦¦¦¦¦;.. : ; ..; : -Peddle/.; ::. v ;>-'- y \: :
ALAMEDA', May ; 24.— In exchange for a
free license to distribute ¦ medicine . and
campaign literature Arigrus McEnerney, an
aged bill-poster, has agreed with the City
Trustees to accept a position in theStreet
Department x and ; ; work.,- for. ten.'.' days
on the' streets of; the. .city .without
pay. By trading licenses ln'that way the
City Trustees ', have an idea. that they ,'!will
gret 'all-' the street work; done* for nothing'
and they are going to encourage people to
apply for free licenses, v; ,' ; ' ; : ;• ;
. McEnerney tried three times before, he
flnallygrot;the coveted free license. .The
City j Trustees refused the old man twice,
but he bobbed up 1 serenely, for. the third
time last .night. '. Trustee I Macki.e objected
to giving him a license when all the other
peddlers had to pay. .' But McBnerney' had
an original .proposition to make. > He said
he would labor on the streets for ten" days
if the Trustees would only give- him a
license. The license .taxes bijl-posters $20
a 'year for. the privilege of putting papers
under front doors, • which, meant that, Mc-
Enerney's wage per diem would be $2. The
Trustees i thought ¦ the scheme over for a
while and then ' decided : that they/would
grant McErcerney's request. .^, :,
When- he put ; the motion i to. give Mc-
P^nci'ney-a.ten-day Job President Forderer
got- badly mixed on the applicant's name.
The Ebell's "at home" to-morrow afternoon
will be unusually interesting, as it is the last
general meeting of the club before the sum
mer holiday season.- Miss Julia Fraser will
• The members of the Neighborhood Club held
their closing meeting for the season last even
ing sat the home, of Mrs. Hay ward Thomas.
As usu«l several Interesting games ] of whi3t
were enjoyed. A few of the members present
last evening, were Dr. and Mrs.. Jiayward
Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mr. and
Mrs. R. W. Qorrlll, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Snook,
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Dlmmick. Mr." and Mrs.
J. W. Nelson, Mr. and^Mrs. George -W-i Cope,
Mr. and Mrs. W^llllam Baxter, Mr. and Mrs.
William Letts Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. William
MorrK Mr. and Mrs. F. I. Kendall i and Mr.
and Mrs. Fred C. Whiting. . : •
OAKTiAND. May" 24.— Mrs. John Livingston
was the hostess this afternoon , at a very en
joyable tea, at her residence onJayne avenue.
The decorations were in pink and the ladles
who* received wore pretty gowns of the same
delicate \ hue. The tea was in honor of AllfcS
EHIe Mitchell i and Miss ; Florence f Mason , of
Alameda and was quite a' large affair, about
100 guests being present.' .Mrs. Livingston was
assisted in. receiving by Miss, Florence Mason,
M!sp Ellie Mitchell. Miss Clare Sherman, MIsa
Elsie Sherman, Miss Alice. Hawxhurst, Miss
Eva Bossing, Miss Ellie Cockrill, ¦ Miss Mar
guerite Bruntsch,- Miss' Teresa Wheeler, Miss
Kdith Pariser, Mrs. H;.F. -'Dott and Mrs. Clar-
be chairman for the afternoon and ! the pro
gramme she has prepared promises to be very
enjoyable. Miss Jane Seymour. KUnk will dq-
Hver an address, , entitled ' "Vour Luck's ill
Your Hand." Miss Kllnk was for many years
president of the Mills Club or San "Francisco
and ' is a ; well-known 'and charming talker. •
Mrs. James 'G. Allen wlU render several' vocal
solos, and Mrs.- Katherine G. I Porter will give
n : piano selection. Tea will be served from S
to 5 o'clock. The decorations will be in charge
of Mrs. Gilbert L,. Ctirtiss. Mrs. William Meek.
Mrs. E. J. Cotton and- Miss Jennie Huff.
Cards 'are but for the wedding of Miss Caro
line Barnard "Clisby and Charles . Ferdinand
Allardt. . ; The marriage ; is i to take place on
Wednesday evening', June 5. < at" the Flr*t I Pres
byterian Church. ¦ The ceremony at the church
wlir.be witnessed by a large number of ' in
vited guests, and a reception at the house will
follow, to which only relatives and intimate
friends of the two families have been Invited.
MIbs Cl Ipby - is the . daughter of Mr. and • Mrs
Seth Cllsby., well known residents of this citv.
¦ '• ">'.'. - , 'w *' : ¦•/' ': • ".¦¦'...•".<• .. ¦¦ "
A rummage sale for the benefit of the Emery
villo Free Kindergarten will be given next
Tuesday and Wednesday. May 28 and 29 in the
vacant store , on, the . corner of Thirty-second
and Peralta streets. - The rummage sales of
the past have been very successful and doubt
less the coming: one will be no exception. Par
ties desiring ¦ to donate articles may- have
them called for by telephone to Clay 832 "or nv
leaving, word at the First Methodist Ep'lbcrmal
Church, on. the corner of Clay and Fourteenth
streets. .-...¦ ¦ " • ¦_ •¦-¦ ¦..* . • ¦ ¦ ., , -,. . .
SOCIETY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND, May 84,-Californla College
held its commencement exercise's Wed
nesday afternoon In Mary Btuart Hall.
The graduated students were Mtas Mabel
Hoyt, Chrlstlun ChrlsUunson" and Samuel
F. Longford. College color* , and flower*
predominated In the hall decorations.
Rev. R, A. Woods of San Francisco de
livered t'hff commandment address.
The Academy of California College held
Its graduation «xerc!*cfl Tuesday evening.
Ml*s Georgia Sleek wus awarded, a diplo
ma for tho classical course. Miss Flora
Morel and Thomas Polk for the scientific
course, J. Homer Sandrra for the English
coume and George Joy for the muslo
course. A dinner followed the exerci««**.
during which it was announced that Presi
dent Brownson had succeeded In gather
ing the 110.000 subscription for which, he
had canvassed for the college.
Graduates Are Awarded Their Ds
grees at tho Commencement Ex
ercises Wednesday.
WORIt IS ENDED AT
. CALIPOBNIA COLLEGE
.Sessions procured tho agreement from
the California Improvement Company,
and among its provisions was one refer
ring to a quitclaim deed that Wilson held
to the property. Tho agreement ruclted
that this deed had been given by the
California Development Company to Wil
bop. for the solo purposo of permitting
his attorneys to examino It. The claim
•was mado that? having failed to perform
certain agreements In connection with
the making of the deed, Wilson was not
entitled to it and committed a fraud
when' ho had the transfer to, himself re
corded. • • ¦ ' • ¦
Capitalist do Frcmery has evidently
been the object of Hollcitous inquiry
concerning his plans about the purchase
of tho property, but Wilson appears to
have headed off Sessions In the actual
nalo, for tho deed to Do Fremery is
made direct from Wilson. Along with
tnat deed 1h recorded an nsslgnmcnU
however, which tells more of tho story.
Tho assignment 1b from WIIhoi> to II. 0.
CuveUler, Do Fremnry'e confidential
agent, and conveys all Wilson's Interest
In a contract of snl» of- tho Sessions
Hcsln property, made between H, W.
Oitrpfliuior and Reunions, later assigned
by Session* to tho California Improve
ment Company and HUbsMquontly to
Wilson, but tho last assignment is not
yet of record.
Apparently Sesslono has uteppM In
with his Hntpeedent contract and at
tempts to ho* pood his claim, while Wil
son ha» been negotiating on tho utrength
of his agreement with tho company.
This slgnlflnant clause is In tho assign
ment to Cuvolller of Wilson'* interests
in tho contract: "This assignment of
eald .contract shall not be construed ' an
creating any liability against, said Allen
D, Wilson In 'regard to camo,"
Neither Wilson nor Sessions have
shown any disposition to wage a public
warfare upon each other. They hnv<j re
fused to make? explanations. The De
Fremery side of the transaction appears
to be satisfied with the title gained from
Wilson, which he held on hla quitclaim
deed from the improvement company.
Agent Cuvellier said:
"My people do not fear the outcome of
any action Mr. Sessions may take over
the title to the property. We are con
fident our title is perfect and If the mat
ter goes into court we are satisfied that
wo can maintain our claim.
"This transfer of water front property
means much in the development of the
harbor front. Wharves and docks
be constructed and other facilities^ for
shipping will be provided, but at this
time I cannot give particulars. Of course
our people expect to derive a revenue
from their investment, but I am sure that
the improvements which will be estab
lished will be of great benefit to the
city."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Rrondway, May 24.
A big fight Is Imminent over the fifty
ncres of reclaimed land at the foot of
Sixth avciiiif, East Oakland, known as
Mcf,!jlnnn Hnnln. Jftint'H L, da Fremcry,'
the Now York capitalist,' has purchased
lho properly from Allen D. Wilson ifor
$62,000, The «1eod was placed on .record
to-day and explains somo of tho reasons
why K. C. BesHions recently caused a con?
tract of salo that ho held to be recorded
a few days ago. > '
Accepts. Deeds Despite E; 0.
SessionsV Claim of
Fraud.
the Lands.
a Large Sum for
James de Freinery Pays
BUYS SESSIONS
BASIN PROPERTY
OAKLAND, Mny 24,— Dewitt E. Young
wan brought down from Plncervllle- by
Der.uty United States Mnrnhal Rurnham
find lodged In th* County "Jail to-night on
a charge of making, hubs for dies to.be
u'ned Jn making counterfeit money. Th#?
tvnrrnnt' wa* aworn out by Secret 8er
vIcb Agent iGeorjro W. llnzcn, nnd Impll
(i(i(«-M CharleM Kaohlg In the name offense.
Kmn\u has not yot bflon arrested. The
Irffarmntion on which tho necrot service
Is acting cumo from Ocorgo W. MacDon
ald, nowundrr arrest In San Fruncinco
for having countcrfoltlng tools In his pos
session; Young said to-night thnt he whk
nrrpntcd • while engaged In mining near
Plncervllle. ¦
"I know nothing about the case," said
he, "nnd you must exetmc me from talking
about It until I enn mco Mr. Hazen and
learn why he caused my arrest. I would
rather uay nothing concerning any. rela
tions I may hnvc had with MacDonalrt
or whether I ever had any. I suppose h«
is. tha inrno man who wan written up In
the papers about a month ago at the time
ho was arrested,"
Dewitt E. Young Is Arrested
' by Secret Service
Agent.. ,
Taken Into Custody for
Making. Counterfeit
ing 1 Dies.
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST MINER
STARTS EAST WITH BABY
AND WASHINGTON'S SWORD
Mrs. Grace Lewis Mann Adds Another Chap
ter to Her Brief but Tletepric History.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
Hiss Charlotte Zimmerman Has Decided to
Enter Upon a Histrionic Career.
_*. . *
CLEVER AMATEUR GOING
ON COMIC OPERA STAGE
THE; SAN FRANCIS
TALENTED YOUNG OAKLAND WO
MAN WHO WILL GO ON THE
COMIC OPEKA STAGE.
13
OAKLAND, Mny 24.— Mm. Oracfl
LcwIh Mnnn haH p?on« Knst with
Hetty Washington Mann.- *Mr.
Mnnn In still In Oakland.
The»o tact* hiivc more interest
behind them than tin ordinary nodal an
ndunrflment which interest* mainly those
mentioned. Mr». Graco Lewis Mann has
been well advertised of late.
First sho blazed, fftrth n» a social light.
She was, so It was < said, a descendant,!
lineal or otherwise, of George Washing
ton. She was only 19 years. of age. That
trivial fact was of Interest because the
Daughters of tho American Revolution
had to take special action in order to
admit her to their ranks because of her
age. She was thereupon heralded by the
Industrious press agent as the youngest
Daughter' of the American Revolution.
Then Mrs. Mann named her baby Betty
Washington Mann, and pictures of Betty
minus costume were published for the
benefit of an admiring public. -
LaterfMrs. Mann, discovered—that she
was the owner of- the sword- of George
Washington: She declared that she was
going to sell her. great ancestor's side
arm to provide a dowry for Betty Wash
ington Mann, all of which duly became
public. l
It can therefore be seen that Mrs. Grace
Lewis Mann and Betty Washington Mann
are quite well known and have becomo
persons of considerable prominence. No
one had heard of Mr. Mann up to a few
ijays a?ro. Now Mr. Mann figures In a
story. He has come out of total eclipse,
having been hidden from sight since Mrs.
Mann sprang into r>rominence. He is em
ployed by the California Fruit Canning
Company and is the father -of Betty
Washington Mann and. the husband of
Grace «LeWls "Mann. ' ' — ~- .*--..,., ,
• A week or two - ago Mr. Mann and his
wife had a little family difficulty, - which
resulted In Mrs. Mann, taking Batty
Washington' Mann and making a trip to
San Francisco, where she remained with
Mrs. Simons for a ¦ week or more.
Then a legal contest began for Betty
Washington Mann and Papa Mann was
awarded the little one. Mrs. Mann finally
got her back, and this accomplished sho
packed Betty Washington Mann - and
Washington's sword up and headed^for
the East. •-• •¦" . , • ¦ ..
Mr. Mann remains in Oakland and con
tinues with the California Fruit Canning
Company, and. Mrs. - Mann has had an
other chapter added to her : experiences. .
' OAKLAND REAL j ESTATE.
WlLLLIAiiTj. D1NGEE,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
' — — ¦ * '
° B> Auction t • .
Auction*
Auction!
Auction!
'Aucttoni
Auetioal
At Sulturoom, -
M3 imOAtAVAY. OAKLAND.
Executor* of tb« ElUnb«th liutebtaon Eittu.
Thi» followinc property mu«t bt iold to clo«
tha fitate:
Buflln<i> property on 14th at., between Wash'
Ington and Clay: ona of ths beat buelnea*
*tr?Ft» In Oakland; oppoalt* tho City Hall and
the Motel Touralne; lot ftOxlOO, now 'occupied
by tha Hnnborn Nuraery; thle la the only tot
In tha bualnesa section of JUih it. that can be
had: all other * arq Improved.
' Telecraph-ave. bulldlnc lota: four choice lota
fronting- the avenue; 43 to CO feet frontare, 140
feet: In depth: the finest location on the ave-
nue: Juit north of 28th at.; eaay walk to trala;
electric car« pasa the property.
On 26th at., near Telegraph ave.: S beautl«
ful building lot*, 40x100 each; on the north
Hide of itreet; they get the »un all day; the
¦traet work la all dona; flne location; c|oa« to
town; between two electric car tinea.
Piedmont; nearly two acr«a on Vernal av» ..
pt the end of the ear line; choicest realden™
sit* In PlmJmont; overlook* Oakland, A!am«<U
un.i Ban KrancUco; no win.!*; no fogs; cllmat*
perfect; 301 feet on tha avenut by too f*«t is
depth.
Fronting Hroadwar, Birch or 60th at., Vtr*
non or Slit it. and Diamond it.: 29 Iota, at «
whole or in tubdlvUlona; lota Hxiio each.
aaremost lots. II In ail, fronting Clare mont
ave., lludaon at.. Hardy at. and Flrat avt.:
flne chance to get them at your own price; ta
subdivision*.
Four acrea oh Pleaaant Valley ave., clou* to
the Piedmont electric line; very fln« niece of
land and will •urely doable In value; adjoin*
the property of the Realty Syndicate, .
Arrangements have been made to secure 73%
Of tha purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable In annual Installment*, Interest pay*
able quarterly at the rate of 7H% per annum.
TITLES ARE PERFECT.
- Abstracts and certificates of title made br
the Stcektr tc Holland Abstract Co. furnished
to date, of tale free of expense to purchasers.
Send for Catalocues.
P WILLIAM J. DrXGEE.
103 Broadway. Oakland.THE SAN FB ANGISCO CALL, SATUBDA Y^ MAY 25, 1 901 ¦
14
SAX FRAJfniSCO CAlX. v r^.y>;i'
BUSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
crrncr Clay: oi*n until 9:50 p. m.
3P0 Hayes street; open until 9:C0 p. m.
(31 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. in.
j»«l Mission -street; open until 10 P. m.
2TC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. —¦'¦.*'.".
3C6 Eleventh street: open until 8 n. m.
• J096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky meets: open until 9 p. m.
ZT«O Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ' ;.
GOLDEN Encampment No. h , I. O. O.|* fl
F. -Meets THIS EVENING «t 8 Y
o'clock p. m. Patriarchal degree. /\
F L. TURPIN. Chief Patriarch. X X
H, C. 'GEORGE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR ' Degree Lodge No. -2. '.sjrtdBSZgfc.
I O O F. — Reg-ular mating -sJ^SisScr
THIS 'SATURDAY) EVENING. ¦^gjjB^S
Third decree. KryGSFORD p M .
A SPECIAL meeting of the Past " 2£
Chancellors* Association will be held M p&
on MONDAY EVENING. May 27. at :£>§*&<"
Pythian Castle. 909 Market st. Major "^f»&ta
General Carnahan will address the meeting.-
All Knights are Invited.
WILL J. BEATTT. President.
C. S. HOFFMAN. Secretary.
MOXTE7CMA Degree Team will -JC"-^
meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- "^J^tt^.
ING at hall at 6:30 for trip to
Barlen. SARGENT. Captain.
TO the officers and members of Yerba .^fiJCftj.
Burna Lodire No. 14. A. O. U. W. — J^^J^:
You are hereby notified to attend the *EeS§5
funeral of our late brother, JAS. m**'
MINNIGAN, from his late residence, 643
Folsom St., corner Hawthorne, SUNDAY,
May 26 at 12:30 o'clock. By order •
. FRED ROTHGANGER. Recorder.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its v \f N^
thirty-fifth nnnual gathering and JV, UOJ
fames at Shell Mound Park on tXX'L*
THURSDAY. Mav 20. The best ,^»B^
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prize*. Over $2500 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to 8
p. ra. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
•".anclnr. Over forty events on programme:
ret one. ' A Highland welcome with a* full
<!ay of pleasure to all. Buy round-trip ferry
tickets for Shell Moun<S Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children, 23c.
COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Salt Water Company will be held at th«
office of the company. S2T Market et.. Ban
Fr»neJ«». Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
ofiMay. 1901. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing a. board of direc-
tor* to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction 6f «uch other business as may
cotne before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 1901." at 3
o'clock p. tn. CHAS, A. GIBSON. Sec.
Offlre m Market ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
____________
FIRST-CLASS man can make ble money. Ap-
rly to E'.der Rental Bureau, 22 Kearny Bt..'
between 3 and 4 p. m. .
APOPTIoy.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. . Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW..
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 327 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BATHS.
YOU can get boiling hot water for baths
without extra cost. Ring up LANE, the
Plumber. Main 315: 603 California st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
I OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
iir'-fonny yar<l:nr.Bchool:i— asonable.1607 Cal.
IHSIXESS CHAACES.
A— 1500; RESTAURANT: rent $30; * location
dose to Kearny Et.: 4 living rooms: good
business. Particulars R. G. WILICE. 26V4
Kearny st.
A— $5CC; PARTNER , wanted In manufacturing
business; a rare chance for right party, as
there 13 money In sight. Call R. G. WILKE.
_ 2€S Kearny et. -
A— ?4C0: BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny tt.
A RARE chance; price 11900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $130 per
month; rent $15; stock will Invoice price; •
location can't be beat. Call R. G. .WILKE, i
26*j Kearny st.
A— I3S0; DELICACY store with branch bakery; 2
living rooms; rent $18; choicest location: Va-
lencia et.; come make an offer. Call R. G. -
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. - 3
A — SToO; SALOON: no better located place In
this city; rent $30; place clears easily $150 J
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st. j
A— $1000; HALF Interest In leading restaurant:
prt\-ate boxes: located close to Powell and i
Market eta. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; BOARDING and livery stable. West- ]
era Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $160
per month; large patronage; stock of bug- •
«rte». horses and harness Hrst class. Call R. "
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living 5
rooms: established years; rent $35: location
can't be beat and the business is first-class.
Call R. G. WILKE. r6% Kearny st.
A— $4000; SALOON on Market st.; place estab-
lished many year* and doing a large bust- '
ness: net rent $135: sickness in family 'com-
pels owner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R G.
WILKE. 2C*,& Kearny st.
A— CANDY store In Western Addition $?50
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500 *
Saloon In business district 4500 -
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg- I 3
Ing house goo
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market St. 2000
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores. In all parts of city, from $120 i
"P- EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market St. J
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
SCO candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants,
SCO stores of all kinds; partners wanted • f
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you ¦
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES Ss. CO.. 838 Market at.
FOR private sale— Some of best saloons in city]
WALTER HAYES & CO.. SS8 Market st. ]
SALOONS FOR SALE. j
3 saloons on Fourth St.— $300, $330 $750
2 saloons on Third Bt.— $1100. $5000 i
2 saloons on Seventh St.— $1500 $2250
€ f-aloons north of Market st; new bargains.
GAMMI.LL & MOCK, 906 Market st.. room g! .
A— $1900: DELICACY store; receipts $30 a day: '
rent $15; everything first class; owner going to
Germany. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny. -
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions, •
drug stores, etc JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt. ]
HAY, coal yard and large stable; well estab- •
lishefl stand. 1229 Fell st.; rent very low. 1
Apply to UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$200— RESTAURANT; good location; city front- :
well fitted up; living room In rear; rent only
$15; look at this before buying elsewhere
Apply at 12 Washington gt. . ]
WANTED to buy business which - stands In- :
veFtipatlon; not to exceed much over $500 to
. $1000. Boi 3218, Call office.
FIVE good lots In Stockton to exchange for a 3
saloon or restaurant; balance cash. Box 41S4
Call office. - ' "
TO rent— Completely furnished, running restau-
rart; bargain; opp. S. P. depot 698 Fourth. !
Florist to Join me in starting nursery; 1 have 7 -
acres land, water and house. Box 5209. Call. 1
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
tor man and wife. 591 Fourth st
A GOOD business for one or two ladies; ladies'. *
new and second hand clothing store; rent -
cheap; location first class. 1013^ Folsom st. ]
WANTED— A partner Is some splendid paying -
patents. Call at 7 Clara ft. * )
T70O0— A choice barg.il n— general merchandise
Ftore In the country forty miles from San t
Francisco; established 17 years; 'low rent-
electric lights; no credit over 30 days; good -
reasons for selling: a rare chance; average
monthly rales $1200. Address letters to Box
3174. Call office. San Francisco. .
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $600 a month; this Is a rare chance -
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call <
c?fir*>. NEte9EM9nBCH0*iiiMJBM8Mt
$300— SACRIFICE; paying cigar store in town <
of r.000 Inhabitants; clears over $70 • per
month. • Box 3192, Call office. . • ;
ANYONE deoiring an interest in a manufactur-
ing business with great future. Call at 118 i
Phelan building. . ¦' :
BALOON.— eld •tstabHsl'.r.d corner: 2 sunny llv- z
ing rooms: must sell; other business.- 554 4th:
RESTAURANT, good place for man and wife; C
*«rv low rent Address Box 3170.
WANTED-First-class * helper : for dressmaker.
. .783 Geary, st. '^/ I __— ——
HELT .-WANTED— ~5H^5xI>~«—
•A-MXJRBAT & READY... .^...P^ne Main 5848
EO teamsters andlaborers. Ukiah ._....."$- day
. Railroad Work.. .........•.••••: ••••" - F ™1 " „
Carload of laborers for S. P. R. f-Jg- s ° w £
pariy.... .'„;.. ....../.. ..-$32 50 to $40 and found
15 men to work in sawmills, y^ d ? * n^°?£ 3 '
$26 to $40 and found..FARE PAID..^© ship
!?T. d * y CARpiENTERS . . . . . . MECHANICS i . . - -
6 carpenters, sawmill company. $o2 to W*™
found, lone job; ranch carpenter, $30; carpen-
ter, south. $3 day; blacksmith, country shop.
$3 50 day; blacksmith, agricultural works, *•»
day; ranch blacksmith. $40 and found; black-
smith's helper, Alameda County, $o2; wheel-
wright, woodworker.- wood turner, shaper ana
band : sawyer. $3 » day; brlckmaker; brick-
setter lor mine, see boss here.'
MISCELLANEOUS •-
Delivery • wagon driver, country store, and
carry U.S. mall... $25 and. found
Young man, drive bakery wagon, country....
Sexton for Catholic church $25 and found
3 machine miners, Nevada County .$90
3 single-hand miners 3 quarrymen
Gang edgerman....Screwturner. $45 and found
16 stablemen, hostlers and buggy washers.
FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL. SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large
orchard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water, can' run down
between vines, etc. ; ¦ wages • $26 • per month.
- and found; steady Job year around if you are
willing to do the work; general manager will
teach you. »,'
.-....;. MARRIED HELP
Man and wife, country hotel, man as second
bartender, wife waitress. $50, see boss here 9
a. m. to-day
Farmer and wife, no objection' to child. ...$30
"Farmer and wife, orchard, see boss here
326 . haymakers, teamsters, .farm and orchard
hands, $1 25 and $1 50 day. $30 to, $40 and
found; 30 dairymen, -milkers and butter-
makers, $30 to $45; 27 choremen and. boys, $25,
$20 and $15.
...'. HOTEL AND OTHER HELP........."
Camp cook, near city .'....:.. $45
15 hotel and restaurant and second cooks; 7
. ranch cooks, $25 to $40; 3 butchers; 7 bakers;
14 waiters, city and country; dishwashers and
kitchen help. Call and get one of our lists
for ¦ other positions not advertised. - . .
¦ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife with 2 or. 3 children; 3 fanners
for Santa Barbara County, $30, see boss here
to-day; 4 men for haying, San Mateo County. -
$1 35 day and found; 20 farmers. $25. $30. and
$125 and $150 day; 8 milkers, $30. and $35;
cheesemaker. $35; -2 choremen, $25 and $30;
man and wife, - private family. $40; chicken
picker; teamsters, $1 25 day and board, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. ' ¦
BUTLER, $40 and found; "cook and wife for
institution,- $60;. 2 cooks, small hotels. $25 and
$35 and found, fare advanced; restaurant sec-
ond cook, i $13 week; Scotch or American baker.
. $60 and found; ranch cook, $30 and found, see
boss here to-day; 2 , boarding-house waiters,
$25 and found; dishwashers, baker's helper,
$25 and found, and others. J. F. : CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St. . • ¦
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
> ....; 59 Third St.: phone Bush 405.. ....... ."
60 railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day
Free Fare ...Free Fare Free Faro
Fee.$l for railroad work all kinds
6 men for rock crusher, $2 per day
6 'men to make posts, $3 per,hundred
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft, $1 25 per cord..
8 lumber pliers. $35 to $45 per month & board
10 men to make hay. $1 25 to $2 per day
- 3 mos' ¦ work haying, harvesting & threshing
2 milkers, $30 and board and bed
' Sticker and matcher hand, country, $3 per day
¦ 3 concrete men for Bakersfleld. $2 50 per day. .
Man to. care for team, do garden •work, light
Job, $25 and found, country.....
5 stonemasons, city and country, $3 to $4 day
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
-^S waiters, same country hotel. $25; rate
tickets. . • ¦. ' . • - v
WANTED— An elderly . man to cook for 4 or
5 men; wages $15 per month* "Call AXDRK,
316 Stockton st . -
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. .927 Market st.. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
PERSONS everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Bureau. 303 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. ' Na-
. tlonal. 304Caxton bldg.. Chicago. .;"*.',-;
WANTED — Assistant bookkeeper In wholesale
house; one experienced in the collection of
\ accounts; give age, previous experience, ref-
erences, etc. Box 3217. Call' office.
WANTED — A few good ' canvassers: t pleasant,
permanent and profitable employment to
active parties. Address Manager, department
B, 403 Chamber of Commerce, Tacoma. Wash.
FOREMAN : bread bakers, bread bakers, help-
ers, confectioners ;¦ permanent positions; good
s pay. 127 Masorf st.
"AN experienced bedmaker for country hotel,
32 rooms; wages |20. . Inquire 231 Fifth St.;
¦fare paid. ' ' . .
2 WAITERS. $25 and found found; upholsterer
who understands mattress making. Ahlbcm
House, 321 Grant ave.
BARBERS— The Byrna Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. Woodland. Cat. must be x sold this
¦week. ". ; _^ <
WANTED— Experienced grocery clerk with ref-
erence. Apply after 9 a. n. at 1111 ¦ Howard.
COATMAKER for country. -Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. .
UNION painters wanted. Twenty-fifth and
Guerrero sts., new house.. . ,
ERRAND boy, well recommended. Shirt store.
5S5 Valencia st. '
W ANTED— Pantryman. Tlvoll Cafe, IS Eddy
street. ; ¦ '" . . X-
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady position. 113
Grant ave. -. • : ' .. '>»-'¦'-,
BOYS wanted at Holmes 'Book Company. 704
Mission st. -\ • • '. .
FOREMAN on bread and foreman on cake.
612 Kearny. st. • .
WANTED — Second cook and dishwasher In
small restaurant- Call at 2985, Twenty-first.
FOR SALE— Three-chair barber shop and bath.
Address H. L. JACKSON, Uklah. . .-
FIRST-CLASS' carpenter, non-union: no office
. fees. I Mechanics' Registration ¦ Bureau, 410
Kearny st. ; . '¦ - " ¦. t
WANTED— Recruits for the. marine corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of. 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
.Office, 40 -Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED— Men. to learn barber trade: $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
- completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our soecial offer - to-day.
. ' MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
ACTIVE man r by * large manufacturing house
to work, home; $36 cash paid for 12 days'
trial; "promotion; nermanent position if sat-
isfactory. Address D. B. SHEPP. 723 Chest-
nut St.. Phlladeplhla, Pa. ; ¦ "
YOUNG man for shorthand and typewriting In
mercantile house; must have experience and
be proficient: salary $30 per month. Write in
own hand age, experience and references to
box 3201.. Call office.
WANTED— Young ' man of' neat appearance;
one who' thoroughly understands silks and
dress goods: state experience, age and salary
expected.,' Apply box 3168. Call of flee.
WANTED — At : Restaurant Keepers" - Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st.. ' restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female: : register at once;
permanent positions ; good pay. -
WANTED-^-Laborers :and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. rteno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third iSt.;' 150 "large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A first-class stenographer and
operator on the Remington,- with some knowl-
edge of bookkeeping." Apply Ri x Compressed
Air and Drill Co.. 396 Mission st. . vnuaeil
WANTED— First-class fur, t dresser for Salt
Lake City: steady work on contract: good
•wages. Call Sunday, between 4 and 6 o'clock.
May 26, Grand, Hotel. E.MEHEST JR. -.
SHORT ord««r cook for hotel restaurant in Ne-
vada; wages $35 per month and found to be-
gin with..- Address. box '4110. Call office.
BRICKLAYER wanted to set up French ranges
. and furnaces ; also . shoo '- work ; steady Job
Address box 3194. Call office.
ALL* boss barbers running 10-cent shops are re-
, quested to ¦ meet at - 763 Mission . st. Tuesday
evening. May 28. on very Important bnslnesa.
FRANK C. RIVERS— Send -address * lmme-
rt lately to box 1 3203. Call office; Important
business requires your attention. •
WANTED— Shoemaker to buy. or : rent shop
Apply .711 Brannan st.
YOUNG butcher for: shop and ' wagon. 1S23
Point Lobos ave . . ;:_...-¦¦
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. DULL1S.
Past Commander Geo.H." Thomas Post No. J,
GV'A.R.. room 40.- Phelan bids.'. S06 Market."
ALL s!xes_men's shoes, .lightly dam«««<1. half
/price. 682 Mission st..-btt. l«t wnd M Bt».
PARTIES; wanting: clerical * positions ¦ will do
"well to callor addregg lOOs^ Market, rm. 4.
TAILORS '.on .coats; corne ready lo
work. 13o% ( Natoma:st.. . » \. »
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; fine garden. 2235 Fifteenth st.
DEKTISTS. .
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09^ar^
ket st.'. cor. 4th, ,rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, <
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.jManager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges -
and filings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years*
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St. .
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing In gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain; investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors' 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR R. L. WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist. ,' third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly ln Murphy bldg. ,
LOWEST prices ln S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market . st , corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. .DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk' st. : ¦- ¦.
DIAMOXD J?J"iJ!b^^L^^^
WANTED— A man to run a diamond drill:
must be able to net his own bits. Reply, with
references.- to box 3193, Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Class rates; patterns, cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue. '
HEALD'S "BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
B. I<\ — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, ¦ civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night session?: new 80-page catalogue free.
,_ — . — .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President ¦ Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.'
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl- .
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated -with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building," 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, ' 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
• college graduates; bookkeeping: 'figures; short
time.., TARR. exp. acct.'. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College] shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue., ,
; . _ ._ I
WANTED— A fetv pupils in all branches in oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 50c. .
Box E.. Call office. ¦ . .- ,
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
Munson.' School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeeping,'
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, p>\
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merki, 1008 i
Mission; concert May 29, Union. Square Hall..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,''
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THER APUTIC-
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures | faulty .nutrl- .
tlon. - nerve, blood & constitutional diseases. :
Drs. K. & IC's Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason, g
EMPLOYMENT OFlTICKS.i: \
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. - 24 Montgomery •
ave.. tel. John 1481, will supply labor free 'of '
charge;' specialty of railroad . help, - farm
hands, miners, gardeners," fruit pickers, etc. ¦--.
JAPANESE • Employment Office fe and I House-
cleaning Co. ; -best help; send .men, at short •
notice. 1125 Sutter,, my, Polk; tel. Larkln 2391. !
JAPANESE and Chinese help '. of all! kinds; •
cooks, waiters and house servants. >¦ GEO. 3
AOKi;& CO.. 421 Post st.;: tel.. Bush 135. ,,
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese; ChU !
' nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072. i
JAPANESE,. central housecleanlng and employ-'- i
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel." East 203. .
RELIABLE ' Japanese-Chinese 5 employment I of- I
tice: all kinds help: -./ 215 Stockton; Main 5188.' '
CHINESB— «nd ' Japanese r, employment i office— ' , i
Best help. 411%; O'Farrell. st.; tel.' East 426. rJV
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALB.
A COLORED man and wife wish positions as
cooks in summer resort. Apply C. R.-HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. " i '-', -
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for gen-
eral housework or . second work, wages $20.
Please call at 3120 California . st. after 12.
£ Small American family preferred. '¦.¦*'¦¦'
'SITUATION wanted by, competent Protestant
• Nova Scotia woman in private family; good
cook. Call 1503V& Market st. •
GERMAN woman wisJies position as working
- housekeeper; best of references. Address box
3214. Call office. . .. ¦'¦ ."
YOUNG woman with child wishes position as
cook cr housekeeper in private . family. 3718
Baker st., Unlon-st car, Harbor .View.
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady, expert account-
ant and cashier, desires position; ten years'
experience. Box 4112, Call office.
REFINED young lady, v/ell educated, cheerful,
willing, wishes poaition as governess, com-
panion or care of Invalid or children: refer-
ences; city or country; wages {25 to $30. A.
B.. Palo Alto, Cal.. " ,
WANTED— Work by • the day, any kind, or
take washing home. Address E. H., 1385
Harrison st. . / . • ¦
A GERMAN woman as housekeeper or cook;
references. 162 Jessie St., near Palace Hotel.
' . . .
"WANTED— A situation to keep house for a
• gentleman; no triflers. 9SS Howard St., r. 3.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes situation to do
housework in small , family. . 23 Chenery St.,
near Thirtieth. v
DRESSMAKER, late of New York, wishes to
go out for • J2 a day. Apply to MRS. N.
.WAHLQUIST. E09 Kearny St. .
WINCHESTER House. .44 Third st. near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
¦ $6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.- ; ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALK.
SITUATION ln a liquor house, wholesale, . by
a cober and reliable man, thoroughly familiar
with all inside work and experienced driver
for delivery; speaks English, French and
German; references. Box 3215, Call office. -
A GOOD jobbing blacksmith and shoer, - mar-
ried and steady, wishes a situation, city or
country; reasonable wages. Address F. A.'
M.. box 3211. Call office. ¦ .
ENGINEER and machinist, long experience;
up to date; good references. L. A., 609 Slx-
- teenth St.. Oakland. t\ ¦ ,. . • .
AN experienced, sober and. Industrious -rail
around mechanic on repair work, with toolw,
¦ locksmith." electrician, bicycle-, and wood-
worker, etc., desires position as handy man
around summer resort. ¦ C. 'L. B., 438 Golden
Gate ave., .¦'." ' , \ ',• .
YOUNG man,' 23 years old, desires position as
shipping clerk or general . office work;- mod-
erate wares ; beat of references. Box 3204,
Call of Hce. : / '
GERMAN centleman ' desires 'situation In
butcher shoo or any other kind of work ;
country Dreferred: references. WM. MUS-
SER. .435*Pine St. . - /
A MIDDLE ¦ aged Dane wishes situation in a
private place ; understands care of horses,
¦ cows and garden; first class reference. • Ad-
; dress Box 2244, Call office, Oakland. , - , -• .
WANTED— A position as cutter . and general
tailor, young man, steady and' Industrious;
best of references. Address G. C. WINTER-
BERQ, 161SV4 Turk st. .,- >¦*
TOUNQ German with experience desires ! posi-
tion In grocery store. C. P., 201 Montgomery
. ave. •¦• . ¦ . .'./ ¦ ; ' . ¦ • /¦,.'-. . ;- .:. > . \-.\
EMPLOYMENT wanted c by -engineering stu-
dent as field or office assistant: speaks Span-
ish. Box, 798. Sanford University, Cat.
MIDDLE-AGED German eeeks employment ln
¦ bottling works; soda water and cidef or wine
:. bottling preferred. Box 3186, J Call office. . ,
MAN and wife, Scandinavian, wish situations;'
man a gardener and handy with tools.' Box
3165, Call. . ' ; , -..¦ ' , -¦ . ,, • ' .
' .' ;' FLATS ; TO ' LET. '_ ; ..- ' ..... >
TO rent— 3 new Hats, 5 to 8 rooms; 1907 Oak at.,
near Cole ; these flats . are I elegantly finished ;
dining-room , has beamed ceilings; .rooms are
all papered; parlor Is frescoed; also furniture
and carpets for- sale; open for Inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 5. - ;- . i< •
FINE. upper eunny modern flat, 4 rooms and
bath; large yard. 615 Grove st., near Laguna.
FORTION *of a flat. 4 rooms; small family; no
children. 4059 Nineteenth St., near Castro.': ¦-.
HAMPTON place, 15. off Folsom, bet. 2d & 3d,
near, 3d— $21; sunny house 7 rms., "bath; hot.
cold water; stationary tubs; excellent j order.
NEW corner ' upper 6-room modern flat, ¦ Just
finished; one left;- very • sunny;. NW. . corner
Eighteenth and Hartford sts.. nr. Castro; $30.
NEW flat of 4 rooms: bath, laundry; latest lm-
provement8.v S49 Liberty gt- : . ¦- : - - .¦--.,- . ¦'.
TO rent— 2 elegant ,new ¦ flats on Cole at *', cor.
Oak; .¦ everything in latest design; frescoed
ceilings; marble and tiling vestibule: irent
reasonable; ' also furniture s and ' carpets 'for
Bale; open from ; 10 to ,12,and:l:to!5.-.- .' - ¦- -.-:
$9— 4-ROOM flat, sunny : porch ; \ water free. 523
Llndenave.; key at524 Fell st ' , : ,'.
NICE, flat of : 4; rooms;, no children. ( 3789 Sev-
enteenth^st., ; near Sanchez. •' '¦• "¦¦.'-
SUNNY- modern ¦ 6- room '.flatT rent • reasonable;
--. without . children.! : 2848 Folsom ¦ rt.y.' : . , ,
SUNNY : upper '. flat: i 5 " rooms *nd /bath. - ; 1012
. .Thirteenth st.', near'Scott. :;•/.:" V./ '.; v ':
SUNNY flat, 225 Eighth st. ; - water free ; ; yard ;
':' near, Howard :- $10. ,;• '.--;¦;• ¦¦ V 7s -/.'.!,'";¦' .- ; -... i.
$18— FIVE ;'¦ rooms '; and •: bath.": • 1376 ' Union St.,
~ near Polk. : 'uV-c'V 1 - -' » ; ¦" y r } -¦ ¦.¦ > --'-~2 ;'•--;?.¦.-
'¦¦¦¦¦ : ¦ -:.<-;\: ¦ ¦¦-, ¦
I £)OES CALL^ ADVERTISING PAY? I
4 - • ¦ ¦',.-.¦.- ¦ '¦;'..', . . " ' ' .. . ' .'..*- ( ;•¦.' ¦• ' " ¦'• ' <S>
<»> ¦'.','"' .'"-' • ¦-..'. .. ¦ ¦ : . .- •'.¦; j0 .'"." ' '"¦¦'¦— ¦¦*¦•' .'•¦"' ' ;• ' • % ¦ '^>
<| That CALL advertising pays is well known to the patrons of the paper. CALL read- f
t ers as a class are more responsive than those of other San Francisco papers, when a good ar- f
i tide at a reasonable, price is placed before them by a reliable house. ' The above picture is an f
% illustration of the drawing power of CALL adve/tising." Jt shows the crowd in attendance at %
t one of the recent sales advertised' in THE CALL by Joe Rosenberg, 816 Market. street. "This I
% store has been a constant and liberal user of CALL space during, the past twelve months, and ¥
I as a result has been fovored with a. generous share of trade, far above the -sales record of any f
_ ; T TO LET Farniilied.
FURNISHED, 6 rms; range; 3 to 4 months- U0-
references. Call afternoon, 523 Minister rt.'
| FEATHER RENOVATING
FURNITURE FoA SALE.
4 >M^.-f urn l5 hed ln oak ' * 48 5". with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURJflTURB; •WANTED.
Auc y. on Co - "62 Market-Buys furniture/
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
TO receive highest value for furniture carpets
etc.. S ee,W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; "tel Reffstsl:
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, far.,?arpetsf et£
IF you want to'sell furn., mdse. etc.. see-J A
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel; JamTs 1541!
BE s?7rt?, E o d ! Spo ,? IC8r . of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 923 Howard st. ¦
A -nrwV LPERT '. 7 Z 3 MlssIon 8t - P^s M*hest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1205 Larkln: tel.Polk 694-
furniture & fnrn'd houses bought; spot cash.'
CH i A ?- L EVY buys your furniture, carpets,
Planoa. etc. 1135 Market rt.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WASTED — -FEMALE.
>50 and fare one way; cook, same place J30
For particulars apply .-. - ; ViaK -"- ? iu -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.............104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook, resort, . short distance • «4O
L waltresses> springs, fare both. ways" I!" '$20
JO waitresses country hotels $20 and |25
10 waitresses; city........ JSj
2 chambermaids, city............ sis" son
FAMILY DEPARTMENT*"
Cook city German style, $30; 3 cooks, counl
try, »25 and fare paid; 10 housegirls. country.
*lo, $25, fare paid; woman for day work $1 a
day. steady place, no Sunday work ; house-
girls all over the < city, -as well as nursegirls
second girls, etc. ; a nurseglrl, choice place!
C. 'r. HANSEN & CO...... ....104 Gearjr st.
A NURSE and cook, country, see party Vere
,: $20 and $30. '
C.R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary st.
A— 8 WAITRESSES accustomed to working ~m
Southern California hotels, f20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
WANTED— Assistant cook for campers' resort
$30, see lady in office; chambermaid for hotel
: $20; 6 second girls and parlor, maids, $20 and
$25; 18" cooks," with and without washing for
both city and country, at $30 and $35; 8 wait-
resses," city and country, hotels, $20 and*$25- 2
laundresses, $25 and $30; 63 girls for house-
; work. $20 and $25; working housekeeper 2 ln
family. $25; ,3 laundresses. $25 to, $35 J F
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ¦ '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...... Phone Main 1575
...... . V. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....'.... . .
2 waitresses, first-class resort. $20, to - go to-
day; 10 waitresses, city and country hotels
$20 and $25; chambermaid to • wait, summer
- resort, $20; 2 chambermaids, $18 and $20 -
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....;:. .
Cooks and housegirls -for city . and country
beer wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. - , . .- :. -
"WANTED— In San Rafael," a neat, obliging girl
. about 28 years of age for : second work and
' attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; ¦ wages $25 per month. -Address P '-O
: box 196,' San Rafael. ; ¦
THREE young ladles, well dressed and edu-
cated; salary. Apply room 612 Emma Spreck-
. els building, between 9 and 12 a: m., Monday
no later. . . ' • • , ¦ . '
OFFICE assistant; age 16 .to 20; hours 8 till 6;
¦• salary. $15 per. month. S. N. WOOD & CO
.718 Market st. ' . . ~ '
"WOMAN- to cook' for 2: small salary. Call Sun-
' day betweenlO a. m. and 2 p. m., 1617 En-
,,clnal ave., Alameda,- Cal. , ¦
A GIRL Air middle-aged lady to assist In a
. small family with little child. • Misfit Clothing
Parlor. 449 Bush st. •.'.,-. '-;¦¦' '¦¦¦-- ¦ - .
A YOUNG lady, stenographer and typewriter to
¦ assist In office. Box 3216, Call office.' ¦; •„• ..¦.-.
PANTS finishers: steady work. Royal Pants
. Company. 223 Kearny st. ¦ , ¦
ELDERLY woman to mind ¦. child ; good home !
good wages to right party. ¦ tO3 v Natoma st.
WANTED— Young lady cashier. '¦ 207 'st.
\"EST hands; also apprentice; wages no object
: 641>4 . Stevenson st. -. : i; '-' ¦
EXPERIENCED ; button-hole maker, on dress
shirts ; T good I pay; • steady . work. % BRENNER-
, ULMAN CO..- 17/ Battery 8t. y :
.WANTED— Reliable lady .". representatives : sal-
. ary ' or ' commission; no •¦ books.", RITTER &
FULLER, Room 14, fifth ; floor. ) Mills Bldg.
GIRLS ' wanted from 15 to 18 years, of age for
- . factory : work; ; will , be paid ¦ while learning.
Apply 100 Sacramento st. . '. .. . . ¦
EXPERIENCED ' operators" on electric power
• sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL" &' MICHELS, 531
Mission st. . .-v , ' <¦ ¦ '¦¦;¦
WANJTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers ore shirts and ladles' ¦ waists. EAGLESON
'? CO.V 535 - Market st. r : ' ' .. •• -. > - ;• t ¦¦ -..-. .-.¦:
OPERATORS wanted at ¦ Levi Strauss ' & Co.'s
"••¦overall, factory, ' 32',4 .Fremont .st. "Apply to
MR. DA VIS. ; _ ;.;. t >J ' .. " -. : -, , - i';. ; ,.
HAIRDRESSUMG thoroughly taught In 2 wks. ;
.'. entire course $5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
I : ary, at start." Halrdresslng College/ 574 Geary.
WANTED— A .' lady "' in shooting ¦ gallery. 523
.- Pacific i st. ." ' ¦-¦.'¦,':
»-.-¦¦:•-¦ ¦ :
% ~ AT C - R £J l A WS^ :: s^hon e GrantlS
i«A RAILROAD WORK.
7 J™ teamsters and laborers, Ukiah . r
.,52 ou ,* 3lde laborers for tunnel « -i
= SWSffiT. f ° r ba »-tlng tra'ck-.-.V.V.-.V.-.VlTJ
- Offlea FVe for aboV* £ ' ' *"*
43 _ 10 men to chop right of way *¦>
Wanted for New R. R " ' vvo'rk." "
.. • Ship Sunday
lV 1 60 teamsters. Truckee
re SO laborers, Truckee .V.V.V. V.'.V.'.Free" fara
i-< ' 100 men for sawmills, w^ods. tiemakln- and
y woodchopping. baymaking and farming, "milk -
.y Ing; man and wife as farmer and cook 4".
id see party here: man and wife for plain 'ami
r- guests' washing, summer resort. J30 an! fa-e
i- one way; harnessmaker lor ranch $3S and
id found; house carpenter, $2 50 a day and
3. found for springs, free fare both ways
p blacksmiths, country. $3 a day and $co a
¦ month and found.
.. - . HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
d Baker and pa«try cook, country hotel J3(
i- Cake baker, shop .'
j. French cook, small country resort, see partj
(3 here ' V.i
:- Second cook, resort, oee party here $i(
1- , Head cook ?25 week
d Broiler .'.I'. $15 wee}
:- Cook and third cook, small country hotel..
SCO, $C'
Walters, bellboys, porters, vegetabJemen.
d potwashers, dishwashers, assistant cooks
d bakers* helpers, second cooks, . broilers, fryer;
for the city, $65. • .
d c. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st
n A HOTEL manager, who la well acquainted
d with San Francisco people and people ir
general on the Pacific Coast. $100, for sum
r mcr resort.
e C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
0 20 AX men for the woods, $2 day. . free fare
a C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
, , _
1 BARBER shop for sale. 1192 Harrison at.
WOMAN wants man partner In raising flffwers,
•. 30 Hannah St.. Watta tract. Oakland.
9 WANTED— Harnessmakers. J. C. JOHNSON
. .& CO.. 120 First st. - . ¦ .
JEWELERS. 3TS Bush Btreet, third floor,
1 room 4. , ' . '
1 McDONALD & PERRY have 500 parrs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st. v
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
j to. 50c. B62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
7 200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 pet
; week/ A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
3 WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
. MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
, free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
» WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
.- . SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
; AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
; order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
I PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & .CO.. attys..
j Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room Hi.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
\ ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
| .'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
" HORSES AJTP WAGONS. '
' 40 HORSES for sale; also 'wagons, buggies.
' • carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
; . 827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
'. 40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 110O
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sala
this week at the Canty Ranch. Grayson.
Stanislaus County. Cal.
FOR sale — 3 good ¦work horses. -2 strong sand
wagons and harness: special bargain account
of owner's death. Call at 20* Lafayette st.
I GOOD business horse and new buggy for sale;
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office. 147
- New Montgomery st. '
; S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
; M. L. Pancoast, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SECOND-HAND rubber-tire phaeton, side-bar
buggy and boulevard. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden
I Gate ave.
s BAY horse, 15:3. gentle and good driver: weighs
over 1100 lbs. Address 1715 Sacramento St.
¦ FOR sale— 3 mares, 1 gelding, 5-year-olds, stan-
dard bred. Monarch Stables, 332 Bush st.
. 40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
• ard st. ..
FOR sale — Good delivery team"; welsh 1150; 7
. years old; price, $2C0. 538 17th St.. Oakland.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies. , carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
, camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO' LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WALLER. 1215 — Fine sunny house,. 9 rooms and
bath; with large grounds and barn; rent $50
per month. Apply G. r H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
HOUSES. TO LET — PURXISHED.
A SNAP — 'New furniture for sale; only used 3
months, of 6-roorn sunny, cottage; fine loca-
tion; Baker St., near California; house fur-
nished complete ready to step Into; low rent;
easy terms If desired. C. D. PARISH. 1033
. Market st. '
ARTISTICALLY furnished home; 7 rooms,
bath; excellent locality. Box 3212. Call office.
i - LOST A.\D FOUXD.
LOST — Round bottom rowboat. Sat. night. May
18. ¦ Return to Belvedere Boathouse. Tiburon.
LOST— Dog collar. 'with license tag, on Bryant
• bet. 5th & 6th; liberal reward. 117 Morris ave.
LOST — Black pug with ¦ leather collar: large
¦with pups; reward. _30S4 17th St., near Folsom.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNA BOULEY. No. 248-539. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Corner 'of Van Ness ave. and Geary st..
either ln car or on street, lady's brown rurse.
containing $13 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office. Claus
Spreckels building.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel bitch, about 14
months old: reward. 1611 California st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
•jeweler. 243 O'FarreH. bet. Powell and Magonl
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machlnery?'~M(£
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chalra, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon "outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship every thlnir
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. .1019, 1021, 1K3
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for $300- I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave. ' , .
RETIRING from business— I am sacrificing a.
B»»T« C ?- Bd r 9M Oil P^o«"»- 'UNCLE
.- HARRIS. Id Grant ave.
A— BUY& sells or rents gear machinery, en-
ftr'w^^Llwt^Fe^a 8^"" 8 - PU " ey3 '
SECOND-HAND machinery of all klntTS
.TgS&.'gfriBBS&y « chan * ed - H.s.
A 7~ W SLpERBY and Fedora hats, » 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330- Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H P •
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON*
5i3 Mission st.
TKORPUOHBRED runt,. Giant Pl S eon Lof tJ .
2*6 Ninth St., Oakland. ¦
SIX 54-ln.xlS-ft. boiler shells, suitable for oil
tanks. JARDINE. 220 Fremont «t°
Gasoline or distillate. engines. n«w A M-han.l:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 5* r.»uxom#.
* H-P gasclln* engine, nearly new} "guaran-
teed; bargain. EPSTEIN. 53S Mlaa^n «t,
FIRST-CLASS second -hand modern engines a tut
boilers bought and sold KHOOH 3d?\». qo.
WE pay big prices for MAlakink Prottami
Loan Office. 25 Stockton 'at. •
MAGIC lanterns, new and ftl naml u\ov»n*"ptc^
tnres. BULLARD & HRKCK. V« TEWi »t.
J. BURKE. 13tt ItfuU «t.
PHOTOGRAPHIC nrvl mnirlo Tan tarn V«5«
bought. »old. exchanged. trt» MoiMsuuwy »t.
SA fES- New anrt »«rotnrt humt. - fWB HBU-
MAN SAFE CO.. m.4S> H4.jram.e n t« »f.
SAFES— New and wand-bantl: «U aiaea ViTr
WALTZ SAFE. -Iflo-IM \t>rte a t at .. Hnn FrVn.
--:..._' * nsc rcLK^^oVs wa vrs.
Jng.. Market st^-Sentt p»rtlc«Ur» of anything
you have for exchange or «»!» or want- rVsN-
' tration free: Insurance and loaruk
• /' : . MATHIMOXIAU •
OKNTLKMEN wlshinTlo^marry"wenithV i'Tfle*
¦end 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ "o8Eni»U.
BUSINESS CHAKCEg Continnfii. •
$1200— STEAM laundry: Ions established and
? doing ' large and very profitable busltien.
1 HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st. .-',
• * $S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: daily receipts $10 to $12: rent $42 60.
HORN. SOLOMON, & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying- busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
i Kearny st.; telephone Main 1604. , -. .
FOR sale— $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc.. boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
. SON', 500 Halght st. :
MAN with $300 tot join party to work placer
» claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
' LODGING-HOUSES " FOR SALE.
> A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS— See list
in office: . >
26 rooms; fine corner; clears $125.. $2,400
14 rooms; fine sunny corner.' '. 700
: . 24, rooms;, new; elegant furniture 2,000
. 11 rooms on Sixth St.: rent $30 425
- 12 rooms en Geary st t ¦ 900
32 rooms on Market st *. 2,001
20-room house on Turk st 1,200
. 85 rooms; rent $150; clears $5pO..v. 2,500
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.: new 900
26 rooms on Kearny st. ; clears $100 1,600
MONEY TO IX) AN ON; ANY HOUSE.
45-room house; clears $150 2,000
6-room flat; new 350
16 rooms on Sixth st * 750
100 rooms; corner; clears $500 7,000
120 rooms; clears $600 10,000
16 rooms; new and clears $100 1,400
17-room house; clears $150 '. 1,400
30-room house (transient) 2,300
15 rooms on Mission Bt .". 750
100 OTHER HOUSES FROM $100 TO $10,000.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A. CAMERON & CO..-
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to Bell list with us. We have cash customers
'for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
27 rooms; rent $100; cost $3200 to fur.; flrst-
. class location: fine downtown house.... $2600
34 rooms; rent $65; water free; oak fur.. 500
IS rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans. — .. 1500
20 rooms: rent J60; water free; pood turn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70 1000
IS rooms; rent $70: elegantly fur. board-
lng-house: reduced on acct. departure.. 1050
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
7 rooms; well furnished; good location... $200
19 rooms; big money- maker ; cheap rent.. 600
33 rooms; clears $125 mo.; chiefly offices.. 2000
62 rooms; excellent furniture? a bargain.. 2800
118 r. modern house; good cor. ;• make offer.
Hundreds to choose from...... $100 to $100,000
Also boardlng-housea and country hotels.
Sea our special bargain list before buying.
, WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St. .
ATTENTION, BUYERS I .
. Tou may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $SO0; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500. -
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $S50; fine location; near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER, 935 Market st.
18 ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms: Mason et. ; rent $45; price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75: price $1500. "j
13 rooms on Eddy st. ;' rent J5S; price $650. ;
9 rooms; Mission St.: rent $25; price, $250. !
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st. j
S3 ROOMS; rent $S0; receipts about $200 J85O
10 rooms; rent $50: clears $35 per month.. $050
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses. > -
PARTIES wishing to purchase lodging-houses
at reasonable prices call 1008*4 Market; r. 4.
GOOD-PAYING and nicely furnished corner
flat: a bargain. S74 Howard st
SNAP— 28-room house, all full; good reason for
gelling: rent $60. 420 Sixth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTjTjrW^ilTNEY^ *""*"" ~~-
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant :
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-.
et. car; sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly: circles Tuesday and Saturday even-
ings: readings daily 1 to 4: ladies 50c. gents
$1. 305 Larkin st, fourth floor, 87 and 88.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
st: tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a, m. to 6 p. m
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; reading
dally. 50c.
Mrs. Glllingham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c., 305 Larkin. Wed.. Sat..Oakld, 532 22d.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth St.. room 18— Circle
every, night, 10c; readings dally, 50c.
ALL receive tests to-night, 10c;' readings and
spirit photog'phs dally. Arnold Dlckson, 14S 6th
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
6t. room 14.
EARLE, 622 Geary st. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant; card reader. 715 Post st.
RAYMOND, boy medium: grand trumpet se-
ance to-night: tests tc all. 509 Gough.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission st..
nr. 13th— Circle Sun, eve.. 25c; sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings daily; t»gt to all tn-nlght: 10c.
CLAmVOYASTS. |
MME. M. BERNARD/
THE FAMOUS
.Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
. ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will bo told how to overcome
¦ them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
26c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
( body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful" clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1 palm. . and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ilME. SANDERS, 38 McAllister st. medium
and palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and
gives advice on all business; hours 12 to 8. ¦
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private, readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
KNOW your -fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, 60c. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market
MME. LAR(5sE. best clairvoyant,' card reader,
. test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN^ clairvoyant card reader; ladies,
25c; geats, 60c. 132 Sixth, st .
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Howard, 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER, =lairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448*4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
LETS go to "WATSON, the best palmist and
medium in town. 1 Seventh st., cor. Market.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant,' card reader and
"palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA.-the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 25c up; leaves May 27. j. 5 Seventh st. , • ¦
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c un. . 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st: tel. Jessie 1061. ;
KUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard, 235L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company, j 342-
844 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating. Works.' G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
COX KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126..
..¦¦ .CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails/ bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"chargTun-
less successful. Room 310,^927 t Market st. r •THE SA^ FRANCISCO^
15
MEXICO'S; :PKESU>BNT /, - > .
Influence of Diaz Likely 'to .Operatts
' . in the Fan- American C?on- -.
gress Affair. ".. ¦ ".
NEW YORK," May ; 24— According 'to' a
Washington dispatch to the Tribune Pres
ident Diaz of Mexico may be appealed to
if President McKinley and Secretary Hay
are. unable to bring the disputants over
the second . Pan-Americaif Congress to~
grether.^ - , •
..President Diaz, "it is known,: is quite as
eager as President HcKinley to bring
aboutVan harmonious I understanding be
tv.een the nations of the New World/aiid
views -with even more . suspicion than : do
the leaders of. thought, in the United
States the part that Europe Is playing in
the game. It Is said that Peru and Bo
livia ¦ have received assurances from Eu
rope of financial aid In recovering 'their
lost ' provinces- and a way to the sea If
these nations succeeded; in so manipulat
ing the forthcoming Pan-American Con
gress as to force arbitration ; on Chile.
This assurance was given, of course, .with
the view of stirring Up just, that form of
strife which Is now threatening -to make
futile the attempt to hold another Pan-
American Congress. >¦ ' *• ¦' '¦¦
.* , . . : ¦ ! ¦ ? ¦ ' ' — - *
EEAL ESTATE THANSACTIONS.
, Estate of Thomas Ryan (by Mary Ryan, ad
ministratrix)'^© Edward Metzger", lot on S line
of. Vallejo street, 123 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 50, S 129:2, E 8:3%, S 8:4, E 41:8%. 'N 137:6;
$7300.: . ¦; : ¦;-. •¦.-.. . •" . •¦ . ; ;.
Mary -Ryan, to Herbert E. Law, same; J10.
Edward and Zetta Metsger to same, same;
$10.-- -.--, • ;-:. .. ., . , .
Fannie Relchenberar, Carrie Greenberg/ Eda
Icklehelmer and David Kline to Antoinette B.
Steltzner, lot on - NE . corner,, of Goueh and
Geary streets. E>27:6 by N- 137:6, quitclaim
deed; *l. ¦¦-. -••• . ¦ - '•; .« . ,. - ¦ -, t •
William Curlett, Edward G. r Eisen and Wil
liam R. Jost (trustees under 1906 D, 304). Ba
bette, -Theodore A.. Ada O.. Edward G.i Fran
cis C. and Alice Eisen,. Olia CurleU..B Amelia
C. McLean and Jennie Jost to Edward G.
Eisen, lot on W line of Franklin street, rlOJ:lH
S of Fulton, S 103:1^,- W 57:6, N 17. W 10:«,
N 20:3, .W 4:6, N 81:6, W 10, N 34:4%,.E 82:6;
also lot 1«2. Gift Map 1; also lots 373,-375 and
377. Gift Map 2; also lot in Masonic Cemetery;
$15,000.- -¦ :.-•-.< ' ¦ / •.;••. .^ :
Brlghtie : B. and Joslah O. Low to William
F. Whlttier, ¦ lot on SHne of Pacific avenue;
27:6 E of Laguna, E 60. S- 122:2^4, NW to; a
point. N 117:0% ; $18,000. - ¦ p v .• - : . -.
. City and County of San Francisco to Eman
uel Lasar, lot on W line of Bucfranan street,
300 N of Geary, N 37:6 by W 82:6; $— . - V
Same to Aloysia M. Kearns, lot on N lihe of
Eddy street; 147:6 E of Pierce. 'E 328. by N
75; t— . . •¦- .¦¦¦,.:•-.-¦ •--¦¦•• ,-•:¦ ¦ .
Gustave F. and- Cecilia M. Pohlmann to
Isaac Eliaser, lot -on*-W -line- of Seymour ave
nue, 150 S of Turk street, S 25 by >W 90; $2000.
Ernst A. and Ella Buchse to M. Slminoff, lot
onNW corner of Haight and-Broderick streets,
W 27;6 by N 110: $7000. -
Gustave . F. and Cecilia 3 M. Pohlmann ': to
Isaac Eliaser. lot on ' N line of Golden Gate
avenue. 37:6 .W of Central <Lott street), W 25
by N 110; $1300; .. " . .' ..'; V .
-Alfred Olson to Herman Fridahl. ,lot on W
line of De Long avenue. 201:8 Jf o( Frederick
street. N 25 by W SO; $2500. .. .
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to Gustave F. and
Cecilia M. Pohlmann, lot on W line of Cole
street, 125 N of Fell. N 25 by W 103:1%: $7000. -
John J.'Schlueter or John Schluter and Louise
Schlueter to Emma Wurthmann (wife of John
H.); lot on S line of Twenty-second street, 50
W of Hampshire, W 25 by S 100; grant.
Estate of William ' Harney (by Fannie M.
Harney, administratrix) to Walter J. Wiley,
lot on NE corner of Guerrero • and- Twenty
eighth streets, N 223, E 100, SW 243:6, W 15
($3700 and assumption of lien for 81155); $3700.
Walter J. Wiley to City Street Improvement
Company, same; $10. .. ¦
Estate of Francois Or Francine Dazet (by
Jose E. and Kmile Artlgues, administrators/
to Jean Artlgrues. undivided half of lot on SW"
line of Montgomery avenue, 19:2H SE of Broad
way. SE 34:4V4. S 88:9%. W 22, N 65:2%; $3000.
Michel and Philip Lille to Adolphe and Ma
thllde Slscan, lot on E line of Trenton street,
112:6 N of Jackson, N 25 by E 56; $2500.
Henry P. and Ella B. Scnntag: to Harvey H. ¦
Dana, lot on SW corner Steuart; 192 NW Mis
sion, NW 35:10 by SW 137:6; $21,gOO.- . ' •
John J. Crow ley to Julletta, Mary E. and
Thomas M. Crowley. unOivided h» of lot on NW
line of Harrison, 139 NE Third, NE 23 by NW
100; gift. >..*-. ....
¦ John. H. O'Neal to Clayton B. Wilson, lot on
NW line of Welch,. 130 NE Fourth, NE 20 by
NW 62:6; lot on NW line of. Welch, 80 NE
of Fourth, NE 30 by NW 80: 15000.
Eva M. Kamp (wife of A) and Amelia M.
Radin (Marcus, wife cf Henry) -to Catherine
Johnstone (wife of W. 11.). lot on NW line of
Fclsom,50 NE Ninth, NE 23 by NW, 90 (quit
claim deed): $10. .:.<
Catherine and W. H. Johnstone to- Helen
Demi ns. Same; $45C0. .- -. . ,'
-¦ Joseph r B. : and Mabel T*. Coryell- to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on W line of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 225 N of Army (Colusa). N 25
by W 100;; lot on SW line of Sixteenth avemie,
S 10O -NW of P street, JiW 50 by SW 100, block
332. O'N. and H. Tract; $S00O.
Thomas -K. and Evelyn E. Rabjohn to John
F. KennedyT re-record 1S62, D. 171, lot on E line
of. Twenty-third 'avenue, 175 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; lot on W- line of Twenty-second
avenue, 175 -S of Lake street. S-50 by W 120;
?S00. - . . - " j .
- John C.- and'Anna M. Spencer to Alice K.
Bentz, lot on >W line of Fifteenth avenue, 100
S of Clement street, 8 25 by W 105 (quit claim
deed) ; J500. " / ¦¦.¦'¦
-¦ John P. Karley to Florence Farley, -lot 24,
block F,. Lake view; -lift. ¦- ... .¦-'..,¦ ,
Charles H. Reynolds to James B. Chase, lots
44 and 45, block 624, Haley Purchase; $500. ,
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to
Simon Goberman, lot on SW corner- of Way
land and Goettlngren streets. S ICO by W 120,
block , 119, University . Mound ; . $1000.
George E. Lawrence and Arlanna Whltham
to Harris , Shemanskl, lot on N line- of Eddy
street, 55 E of Polk. E 57:6 by N 93; $10.
Katharina Nicolal to Frederlca O'Connell,
lot on N'Hne df Geary street, 180;5'W. q£ Oc
tavla,.-W 25:10 by N 120; $5000. .:;;';. ., ¦-.-„ -
City and County of" San', Francisco to Board
of Trustees of Calvary ¦ Presbyterian^. Church
and Congregation of San Francisco, lot on
NW corner of ¦• Jackson and Fillmore ' streets,
W .125, N 127:8U. E 23, N- 47:8%. - E . 100,- S
175:4%; $—:... •--.¦-¦ '.-.;
Arthur H. and Kate L. Barendt to Marga
ret Foster, lot on N line of. Clay street, 50 .W
of Cherry. W 50 by N> 100; $3500.
' Mary BIttermann (Velte) (wife of Charles)
to Patrick Bannan, lot on W. line of Treat
avenue, 95 S of Twenty-first - street, • S 10. by
W 122:6; $500. '. - ¦<,-.- ' .. :
¦ Mary M. Tucker (Morrison) - to . James r and
Margaret Welsh, lot on E ' line ' of Church
street, 51:6 S of Liberty, S 25 by E 105; $1000.
• Francis • Donahue to F. . M. Donahue, lot on
S. line of Twenty-seventh street, 180 E of
Dolores, E 50 by S 114; $1000. .. . . '
• Improved .Order of Red Men's Hall Associa
tion- of < Ban- ' Francisco v (a .corporation) to
Union. Trust Company of San Francisco, 'lot
on N line of Post street, 175 W of Stockton,
W 50 by N- 187:6; $111,000. - . . ,:
, Thomas J. and Nora Galvan to Susan.' E.-
Wakelee " (wife of Thomas D.), lot on E line
of Leavenworth : street,- SO N of. Clay,' N 20:3
by E 137:6: $5500. . . ¦¦•-.-- - * \ ., ••
Thomas D. ..Wakelee to Susan. E.\Wakeleo,
same; gift.'. ¦ ¦ . . ¦*'.. "-¦" ¦¦.¦j,. >.
- Mary E. Christmas to Norma Marquise de
Suarez d'Aulau, lot on : S .corner of ¦ Market
and First streets, SW 30 by SE 80; gift. - .y '
William and Louise -Meinberg to Ernest A.
Buchse lot on • NE line of Hampton placer 1?5
SE of Folsom street, SE 27 by NE 65: $So«Xi. "'.
"John W. Wisslneer and William Wlsker . to
David Roi. re-record 53 D 177, of lot on S line
of.Brannan street. 137:6 NE of Third, NE 37:6,
SB 137:6; $1080. - « '- : ¦ : v •' • ¦ . "s • r ->-.w;'
.Estate of David Roy, or Rol, by Alexander
Falller. administrator, to George, or Jorge, de
Urloste, same; $5650. . .• . . ., ; •"'¦'-¦¦:
. John H. O'Neal to Elena F.-CFarreU.'lot'en
SW-llne of Harriet street, 200 SB of. Bryant,
SE 25 by SW 80: $10. v - : ?&a
Charles -W. Fay to David Dillon, lot on W
line of Vermont street, .60 S of Twenty-fifth
(YolO) S 50 by W: 100: $2000.
. Same to Patrick O" Sullivan, lot on Sw corner
of -Twenty-fifth and Vermont street, S 50 by W
100; $2000. : ' - '• - . ;~. . "
Maurice Griffin to Bridget ¦ Grlffln. lot on.SW
corner Humboldt and Kansas streets, W;25by
S 100; gift.*.. •/ ¦----.
. Jennie Espey to Albert M. Getz, lot on S line
of I street, 82:6 W of Forty-fifth a\-enue, W 50
by S lOOr.toOO. - .
-"Kate. and George Ryan to Lewis D: Barrows,
lot on S line of ' Stoneman street.' 80 W of -Fol
som,->W 25 by S 75;$1500.. - . - :- v i"
Ellzabeth J.,Holley.to Bernard, C. and Cathe
rine E. . .Lynch, lot * on N line ' of Farallones
street, 400 E of. Plymouth. B 50 .by N 125, block
N, Railroad Homestead No. S:,»500. .. .;.-,¦•
Olive Verkouteren . to Albert M. .- and Alvina
C." Engel, lot on SW line Eighteenth ¦ avenue-
South, 150 NW of J street," NW 150. SW 100, SE
75. SW : 100,SE 75,. NE 200, block J65, South San
Francisco Homestead and .. Railroad Associa
tion; $500. " - ¦¦.- > ,..¦':.. -..,¦,.-¦
I San Francisco ' and San Joaquin* Valley :Rail
way -Company .to. Atchlson, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company, all railroads, franchises,
rights . of way, ; rot! ing stock, .leases' and. all
property, >• etc. ; ¦ of : first ¦ party, subject to mort
gage, to' Mercantile . Trust Company . of vNew
York, trustee. ¦ for 1 $«. 000,000 :¦ (no - property • de
scribed) (375.37 mile*'; of railroad);, $2,483,200. -
I ? Builders' Contracts. ;
-John L. Hefget (owner) with Ira W." Cobiirn
(contxactor). .. architect • Matthew X O'Brien— Ah
work", for. a > two-story '• and ! basement frame
building > on - lot ' on E ! line . of ¦ Shotwell * street,
110 N of Fifteenth, E • 122 :6,- N 25; ' W. 122 :6, . Z
25* J3S90 '--"-*•" "%**--•».-' ''-¦*• ' '-. ¦,' .-.
¦ Mrs. 5 Maria Schluter (owner) with A: Petry
(contractor)."". architect William , Koenlg — All
work .for a six-room and basement '-¦ frame 'cot
tage ¦ on • E line of Noe . street, ¦ 89 N of'Clln-^
per,.^N 25 by 101:10. ; H. A: -181;. $1825..' :- ¦¦
¦-- Frank M. Donohoe' (owner); with H. -ArFarry
and . G: • Letterell :¦ (contractors), | architect : M. J.
Welsh— All • work - for . a » one-story , frame build
ing with. brick foundation on S line of Twenty
seventh street, 180 Eof,Dolore3, E 25 by S 114
$1560. -: -¦¦ ¦•.---, -i'.'i.'l -;¦ *"¦:>. <¦¦-¦ «'«i-v ; ;
.Hermann Albert (owner) with Christ Schwelt
xer & Ca > (contractors) ,-• plans • by j owner— All
work for a two-story frame building^ wood and
coal ¦ yard » below * and flat * above.-, on 8 - line of
Waller i street. 1 131:3 ; E of ¦ Stanyan, • 25 • by 137:6:
$1713. i ..:/¦:-•,:¦¦- .'-.¦-¦-'• ;.\ .•:,¦¦".-. .,..-.-•¦--
;- Emma.: Katie,' Lizzie and Mary -Wilcox ' (own
ers) k with C. F.- Johnson and i L.rA.) Secor (con-
i ~ ¦ g, ¦ . . ¦ .
tractors). | architect - E. Wllbergr— All *work ex
cept mantela.' tiling, gas and electric fixtures,
service pipes, street sewer and shades' for a
three-flat ¦ frame building and rough basement
en S line of Page street, 87:6 W of Octavia,
S.120 by W 25: $«0;0. ', -: . '¦;
Mrs. -, Myra A. Greenwood (owner) with H.
H. 'Larsen & Bros, (contractors), . architects
Reid Bros.— Brick, terra cotta, ¦ steel and iron
work for a three-story and ! basement brick
building on S line of Mission street, ' extendtnt
through to " Minna, between Shaw . alley and
Second street, 100-vara block 347; 812.935^, '
Mrs. C. R. (Mary A.> Peters (owner) with
Cook & Young {contractors), architect Jchn
White — All ¦ work for a two-atory and attic
frame dwelling on S line of -Clay street,'- 1£> B
of Locust. B 27:6 by S 127:3'i. Western Addi
tion block 81Sr $4650. „ • ;
¦ ' • : — ; - ¦ » ? ¦ .. ¦ r ;'/-.¦-
HOTEL ASBJVAXS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A.Duret. Fresno
G J Grau. Detroit
CH -Phillips. S Jose
EW Oakes, Riverside
C P Breslan. S Jose
W H Lee, Chicago
S Allman. NY
W Scheide & w. Pa
Miss Schelde Pa
J H Schelde, Pa . ..
W L Valentine,- L Ang
L Bllnn & w, L Ang
H Buck, Hongkong
W Blackhouse. Ensld
C Clark. Montreal
J H Manning, Chicgo
D S Wew & w, Chgo
K C Park, Salt Lake
J Burchend & w, Clnn
T Derby. Cal'
N-Wllliams & w, Cbgo
J H Rice, U S A
Q Isaacs, N Y
GRAND HOTEXl
L R Poundstone, Cal
R Gardine & w, U S A
F Bradman. U S M
J Reardon, , Cal- * •
R H Countlss. Alameda
F D Milton. Texas
G "B Lerlngo. Mexico |
D Flynn& f, Oklahoma
A Malnes & w, Los A
Henry Coon, Riverside
Mrs A Everton. Tulare
Mrs E Darllngr. Napa
J' TV Bailey. Helena
J B Treadwell, Sacta
T B Hall. Sacto \
H S Foots & w. S Jos
A Berner.Oroville . - •
H S JohnsoDv Nebrska
J Bateman Jr. Phlladl
R F Johnson. Monterey
Mrs Forrester, Los An
Mrs McCarthy. Los An.
A Musto, Stockton .. ¦
A S Benioft, N J >
J M Barnes, Los Ang
G C Foster & w, Stnfd
Dr Wentfleld. England
J A Shaw, Ferndale. . '
H Caltoft. Ferndal*
J M Mason. Boston '
Miss J Corbet t, Stocktn
Miss N Krakow, Detrlt
E Stanley. Chicago -
J I* Wlttenmeyer St Br
C Molten & w; Pt K«J
J H Read. Sacto
E F Peart, Sacto , .
FA Slake. Sacto . ¦
F a Johnson. Sacto .
A Hample. Sacto
J T> Ludwis, Marlposs
G Klsltngbury. Los An
J McKay. Detroit :•
R . B Perker. Fresn»
Miss Clark. PlacervtU*
G E • Brooks. Colusa .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
* Con tinue d j from Thirteenth . Pa ge .
WATER STOCKS.,
Contra Costa.. 81 82 ISprlng Valley. 87 tm
Marin County. S2»i — I • . ... .«jh -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L, & P... 3* — Pacific Lt..... 45^ —
Equitable 3K — Sacramento" ..— "— "¦-
Mutual 4>j — S F G & E.... 38% —
Oakland 30 5X 9an Kranel»co. t\» 4%
Pacific Imp... 33 ' — "tockton ;..i..' —
¦- INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fund.235 — J • ¦ • , '
- . - • BANKS.' ¦''". . . •¦
Anglo-Cal 77 81 ,L. P & A...C..147 — '
ralifornia .:...— 411 ' iMer'Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal' Safe Dep.107 — iS F National. — I2S !
First Nat .....309%315 I
- SAVINGS BANKS.
Germatt .. 1900 — " Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security ..."... 275 —
Mutual 50 — . Union Trust.. 1400 '.* —
San Francisco 515 — . - . .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..;.125 135 O 3 L & H.... 40 .
Geary .. ... — . 37^i Presidio ..:... 23 25
Market ....... 70 " 70%* •-
'¦'. -POWDER. .", '
Giant .......... 77-78 iV'lgorlt ........ 3 3%
SUGAR. •
Hana .....' 7% — (Kilauea 18H U
Hawaiian 50 51 Vlakaweli 394 40
Honokaa 22 22»ilOnomea ....... 20 — :
Hutcfclnson ... 19 13% iPaauhau :.:... 26 26%
- ¦¦ f MISCEXXiANEOUS STOCKS...- ,
Alaska. Pack.. 128 129^ I Oceanic S S... 50 S3
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F Al. 2
•Cal Wine Asn.lC0 — Pac C Borax.. — m—
Mer Ex ...... .U0 - IPar Paint..... IS —
Morning Session.
Board — - ¦ ~ ¦
100 Market-street Railway 70 12*4
5 Oceanic Steamship Co. cash $2 00
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co ., 26 60
130 Pacific Gas Imp, s a.... 34 00
30 San Fran Gaslight, a 5 '. .¦ 4 25
50 San Francisco Gaslight, s 30.. 4 25
63 San Fran Gas & EJec Co, s 5..... 33 62^4
•.'80 Spring Valley Water: $6 30
" Street—
$5000 Bay Co Power Co os...: .104 50
45 California Wine Assn .-. 1(M 60
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SO CO
75 Presidio R R..... ; 25 00
j 8 Presidio R R 24 00
' . Afternoon Session. i
.-' - Board — * . ... . . . ... . . % a . "...
8 California. Safe Deposit.. 107 2»
¦ 20 Contra Costa Water........ ;.. SI CO
10 Giant Powder Con 77 CO
$5000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 401 75
$10,606 Los Angeles- Pacific R R bonds. ...103 00 '
65 Makawell .*..:........ *.~....^...'...itSi 50
50 Mutual Electric Light.:-..; 4 75
$5000 Oceanic Steamship bonds...... 19} 75
1C0 Onomea Sugar Co .- 2ft 00
50 Pacific Coast Borex ...............150 00 •
W San Fran Gas & Electric Co......:... 38 6214
$5000 S P Of A bonds (1910)...., 114 CO
70 Spring- Valley Water '.. 87 «>
- Street— • • . . . ..- ¦
$3000 Market-st Ry 1st Con 5s .........122 73 3
$70CO Oceanic Steamahip bonds ..102 75 •
$5000 S P of A'bonds (1910) 08
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE."
, f-4 ¦ . f ~ Morning Session. , / •
Board— - „ , - ¦ / "'
' 100 California Standard .:'....„..¦. '-ci-fti
2000 California Standard ...,.::..-.".• Is*
fiooo Four :...... ..«.~.f....- " 47
. 8 Hanford ............. ..,.„:*... .:....]js 00
2 Hanford .....V...... ._'.....:...,. 93 00
10 Fearless ;:..-.- .v,... .-..-..... 8 00
TOO Petroleum. 'Center ;. OS
69 San Joaquin Oil A Development.... 9 00
200 Boverftgn _f..... ; 35
4X0 Tolte^..........^ ........... go
Afternoon Session.
-Board— V / *' .*- • - . . • -
.'700 Bear .Flag '., i.. '..'... .*...'..... ......... ¦¦' jj
100 Home'.;..''.'. „-.,., j gj
700 MonatcTi of Arizona, s *>........."... 43
•500 Oil., -City Petroleum 23
( '500 Petroleum Center, b 90 ... J ......" 09
6600 Petroleum Center ....: 05
15001 Petroleum Center,' cash • 08
; If Petroleum Center. .."..; * 03
. 5lJLPetrole«m ; Center '. 04
. 60 Sovereign js
£)0 Sovereign Si
V :* Street — - - ••
600 Oil City Petroleum-. 23
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE;
Board- — S — .(Sggffig
,3000 California Standard .. J4
'- 3 Hanford ......*. 93 en
300 Home : Oil ". ,.. 3 m
700 Lion *¦ •.'«....¦•¦•¦. . .^. ««.*..«*¦«....•... - 14
¦ 200 Monarch of Arizona 44
800 Petroleum Center " 05
200 Sao Joaquin O & D Co. b 90 9 is
100 Sterling ....: j «
-'. -.V"-." •¦'¦-•. -¦ Afternoon Session. • -
v. . Y Board—:.-. ¦.¦¦..„
1000 California. Standard ; 31
600 Lion u
1000 Lion .:'. ' .......... is
10 Peerless -.1 : g 12%
100 Sterllujf'-.^n.-.. ...... V \. j to
240 Sterling, s 60 i go
MINING STOCKS.
The following- • were the- sales la the ' Saa
Francisco Stock End Exchange Board yester
day: 'i-v-,M ..'\- ¦I-.- . ¦
• • *' ;;,.Momln» Session. • '
100 Caledonia.V.:.\. 50[ 300 Silver HU1 .... 35
200 Con- Imperial.. ¦Oil 400 Utah ', 03
100 Savage ......... -.;- lit 200 Yellow Jacket. 17
• *,": : , Afternoon* Session. —-.
100 Belcher*-'*. . .'. .'. ; '« 07 20© Overman V. . . .*. : 12
200 Caledonia -.."... 50 600 Potoat ..._.;... '03
600 Cqn'Cal'A Va.3 25 30«r Union Con' .... ' 20
500 Gould &j Curry- 10 tOOO Yellow Jacket. 1*
200 Ophir. ..i:.. vv .;i53
The following: . were . the gales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ¦ >.-•
Morning Session. " ..,.-'
<00 Best 6 Belcher ,i'il 200 Ophir .......... «7
100 Caledonia ..... 50 1 500 Savage .... 11
160 Con Cal AVa.S S0| •-,:-' '¦-
• --••. Afternoon Session. K ~* .' *".** .'
300 Belcher/.....'...' 08 '¦ 100 Ophlr' ..„. .../.. f7
850 Best & Belcher 22 260 Ophlr '..• 4 J3
1500 Challenge Con. .10 ' 700 Ophlr- ;»«
200 Chollar- Oi 800 Overman -12
200 Con Cal & Va.2 25 500 Savage ...110
700 Gould & Curry 09 200 Silver . Hlil ..." »
m Mexican ....... 16 - .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, May. 34-4- p. m.
¦- • . Bid. Ask. , . „ Bid. Ask.
Alpha. .V. .". 02 OS I Justice..'. .03 .04
Alta l :..r.\...... 01 02 Kentuck r...;.V 01 : <U
Andes .:: ...'05' 0« Lady Wash 01 - —
Belcher :.....'.., 07 03 Mexican ....... 1« : 17
Best & Belcher 21 23 Occidental ..... OS 04
Bullion' . ....02 .03 Ophlr »5 94
Caledonia ...... 49 50 Overman ...... 13 ,-13
Challenge Con. 10 11 Potosl 02 <U
Chollan 04 . 05|Savage .....;... 10 U
Confidence' .'33 80'Scorplon ....... 1 Of
Con Cal &.Va.2 20 2 39|Seg Belcher.... 01- . 03
Con Imperial .. — OljSlerra Nevada. 13 ¦ 1*
Con New Tork — 01 Silver, Hill .... 33 ¦ 33
Crown Point . . 10 " 11 St Louts ...:..: H :i—
"Eureka. Con *.. . 06 . — Standard. ..".... 3 80 3 SO
Exchequer ...:.— ' 02 -Syndicate .,,03... —
Gould -& Curry 09 lOIUnlon Con .".?. .19 T)
Hale & Norcrs 19 2l|Utah 04 05
Julia .V.....:.".; — 02 • Yellow Jacket. IS U
W Henxhaw, Oakland
C Jay & w. St Loui* i
N Hathaway & w.'NT;
G Lapsley. Stanford
R Hardt Jr. Lemps
S Leon, NY
C L Jaeger.. N T
G B Shilling & w, NT
D Smith. N T V '.'.
H P Bond, S Clara
A W Carson. Kansas
G Howe & w, Duluth
G Taylor A w. Denver
G Salisbury. Boston
J T Carr, Dubuque
Dr Mason U.S A
J C Cummlng*,' -N T ¦
ft Schultz, Stanford c
S T Britten. Menlo .
J C ColHer, Iowa sT
G H Master, Portland
T F Brash; B C ;
W \t Sawv«»T Wash
M ATTR E S S C S AM> i:PItOI.«TE«Y*i
MATTRESSES and pillowerTSr^South 792; to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned-'
f2£2 car P?t cleaning: strictly reliable!
HOPKE BROS., 31S->20 Eleventh Bt.
MEDICAL. ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those whe desl-e to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles onlv-
ray regulator has no equal; all classes! cf fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to cil others; the only treatment that
helps the untortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately rslleved without pain-
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: sclentlnc methods guar-
»ntet*l. DR. G. W. O'DOXN'ELL. 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful. elmple. sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhca.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
trtat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market ct.. S. -F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that^iF guaranteed to gix-e ln-
Ftant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market, ladies'
•specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
tura came day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable;25 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
togiveiKstant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best car*: fe» low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEX. 1118 Martet. nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before dumig
confinement. 9<? Poet. !>et. Hyde and Larkln. j
DR. POPPER, family specialist; no pills or j
medicine, used. 1514 Devisadero St., nr. Geary. ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The vvTekij'~Cal£
H pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
BIOXEV TO L.OAA.
A— MONEY to lcan'at rates wJiich peopwTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better s&tUfled; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market Bt.
" IF TOUR PROPERTY — — .
~. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, Bee H. MURPHY.
€30 Market Bt. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and (securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgage* and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
ALL perrons having pledges with UNCLE
HARRi^ 15 Grant ave., are hereby notified
to redeem them, . as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Califnia.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
rlan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct ; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick,. 116 McAllister.
Z" c on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy Bt.
ON 6a!ariee or wages : no lndoreer required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCT, 14S Phelan building.
IVAOO0 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 2tJ Bansome et., room t.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
"21 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. UORRELL. «09 Examiner building.
MOXEV WANTED. "'-"' " '
WE want ti<y> for 90 days: security Joint note
and 20.CC0 shares valuable stock; pay 1 per
cent a month and stock bonus. Box 3213. Call.
MONEY wanted— $10,000 wanted et 6 per cent,
on ainrle security; 6 to 12 months. WEST
<-o.«cT INVESTMENT CO.. Phelan bldr.
Mt'SICAI. IXSTncaiEXTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright cr baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
pr:ce allowed. New upright pianos. J6 per
month; eome good pianoa *old for 13, $4 and
S-5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, comer Kearny and Butter
Fts.. San Franc! seo: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth rt., Oakland.
ALT. uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chlckerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand. new)' '..UOO
(like new) $325 1 HalIet-Darls....$46S
1 Btelnway JISi 2 Heines J31S up
And fifty others: rents J2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davls-Helne. etc.: agents want-
*d. HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary «t.
ABOUT ' the best bargain we offer to-day Is a
rood toned Instrument for J50; . a better one
for J100 and lots o; others at almost your own
price; our great cash sale Is 6tlll on and you
have until June 1 to take advantage of lt; we
are offering such very gr^at Inducements that
no one can afford to let the opportunity pass.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS. 769 Market ct.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE*S piano store from.
Market et. to our large and elegant Quarters,
J14 Post St., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
cf our old Ftock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. ICEEFFE. 314 Post Et.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZY* S. 308 POST ST.
You are invited to call atid hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing plcno attachment:
can be put in sny piano; also to inspect our
- piano factory and s«« how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Ham-
ilton. Pplelmann pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2S and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing poeslble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
ron. 1 Hallet A DavlF. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Stirling, $75. J125. J145. etc.; easy payments.
FEKJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickerinff. Voe», Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of eelf-playert.
HA RGA INS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
plenos. $75 and upward; Eteinway. Knab*.
Emerpcn. Hartjran and others; Equares $10
up. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
HANDSOME standard upright piano; also
pslr.ilngs; sacrifice; leaving city. 736 O Far-
rell et *
FOR SALE— A fine Bradbury piano. 341 Eddy,
corner Leaven worth et.; grocery.
HAVE «old 2 piano?: have another excellent up-
rlcht «t b'.z bargain. T. H. Kllgo. 8« Mission.
>N upright piano: must be sold; owner leav-
• np. HCRN'fXG. 216 McAIHuter st
CLOSTNG ovt .stock of nianos; prices reduced
ore-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
L/rnWIG pfanos the most pop*!". WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PFB month wits n beautl'ul piano. SCOTT-
CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 600 Hayes st.
$!J7— MAHOGANY <^se Fischer upright. 217
Gfery st.. room 2$-_
A EM ALL Chlckering upright. J125; 6 uprights.
f^conrt-hsndMl, your choice at tHO. 21< Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
¦rz.n get storage pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice rcrtght piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ST'PKRIOH violins, z-thens. old and new. H.
MT'LLTCTt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham" place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO L.KT.
TO lease— IS Grant ave.: the whole building.
etore. bsyement and 3 floors; 2 rpar. entrances;
puitable for any. business: grand location.
ELEGANT, lipht. sunny of flees, partly fur-
nlrned: fine location. 1<3 Powell st. .
LIGHT. Kir.ny one* jr. to «V. Kmma Spreck-
r'. Uni'<1'~~ . «?7 VvVtt ri. ¦ - ¦'¦
OIL. ¦' ¦¦_
CALIETOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acra* ot oil land In nine
cMrtricte. Office, 23 «nd 24 Merchants' Ex.-'
~ / - - ¦
COSTA RICA— Last chance, at 10c: big. advance
Jn a few days. Pacific States Mining and V^-
v**tment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-band, in good order; all
elzee; cheap. II. £. WHITE. 616 Mission st---.
OIL I,AXDS.
OIL laeds for Fale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for. land'?
or wish t6 Invest in. stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON; SCI Examiner building.
i-AIXTKUS AM) DECORATORS.
WALL paper» window shades: rooms pauere<<
tS up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good~reli-
ab.e work. Clark's. SOS Larkln ; tel. Larkin 1CG0.
N -
H. JEROME FOSSELLT^c^Ulflo^atolsTln
Taylor. St.. bet. Geary ar;d Post: tel. Black 531.
s MRS.Lamb,sclentiflc palmist and character read^
Ing; lessons In class and private. 617 Jones st.
MRS ' . WM - McMANUSriclentific palmist, 1140
Market. 10 to 4.; residence . 731 Guerrero Et.'
MME. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
doctrefss. 624 Kearny st.; 1 to 5 p. m.; $£
M » 1E i« GE ;? MAII< iE' l , he busln ess palmist of the
Pacific Coast 906 Market st.
PEttSOXALS. -. — -
BEST on earth-Blood Dolson ltchTng. skin
tl\Tti' 5 h « UIE , atls ™. P"e S , catarrh any dii-
5»ffL ?5 doctors -and old remedlea have
—,?*, n f guarantee to cure B ure. Call or
g^D? S .^i n N g G O TnTj^NE 1 g Om * thM
A ™ F r»? U r. h t lr J^ a , 1Un « r or yoa are baId - ca "
DR V^- S :, MOORE . «» Geary St.. and you
jvlll not b* disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
"\£' y rj?^ ante ,> Preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist In charge. Call
- **•*' Inst - Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco • habit cured at
home:^ $j; valuable information for liquor,
"?°tP T h ' r ; e ,- oplu nv all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S39 Polk- St.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
if ot * 1- 4 . 4 , .^ hlrd st - near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to Jl £0 per nisht: $1 £0 to $0 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Ji'TC'ElpKLY-SuttB to order from genuine
fceotch, Jl» up; fine dress suits. $20 up- ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
MECHANIC, aged 40. wishes to correspond
with respectable domestic young woman;
Episcopal. Box S219. Call office.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
™ d^ b « le -. M 25 - EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng, hair work, man-
Icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.*
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont:
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
659 Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING stvles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 yeara'exper.
OLD gold; silver, diamonds' and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel.Folsom 119L
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutler st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, thTbest
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.'
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
UnltPd States or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELXr— Office and residence,
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
t<»»«mo,nl»ln at offlo. 11S-117 Manon. nr. TCllla.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market et.. for finest wines and
liquor*; blrg*«t house: open Sundays.
PILES,
NEARLY 1000 permanent cure* here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years: over fifty names of prominent busl-
r.ess -men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for «ale. Particulars, address Physl-
cian. box 1950. Call office. 8. F.. Cal.
KEAI. ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
Q. H. UMBSEN "&"cc£ ; T,
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At par salesroom MONDAY, May 27, 1D01, at
\ 12 o'clock noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
. S. W. Fourth and Brannan sts., choice corner
lot. 35 by 100. Must bo sold.
ELEOANT CHOICE CORNER.
By order of Archbishop P. W. Riordan.
NW. corner Flllmore and Hayes sts.: large
elegant residence; lot 112:6x242:6; Irregular.
T11J8 property, formerly the Sutro residence,
was acquired for church purposes, but in view
of the proposed Panhandle extension not being
sustained by the Supreme Court - and the
Church remaining In its present location we
are ordered to offer this property. This is a
splendid opportunity for builders.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
628-638 Clay ct. and 627-643 Merchant St., be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery; two substan-
tial brick buildings, 7 stores and offices above.
Several offices on second floor and entire upper
floor consisting of 18 offices temporarily va-
cant. (Present rentals $425 per. month; owner
has standing offer of $100 per month for upper
floor for lodging purposes on a lease; lot 70x
108:9; 2 frontages.
B. T. ANTHONY ESTATE.
. Executors' Bale.
407-409 Commercial st., near Battery; sub-
stantial brick building; 2. stores and 4 lofts;
rents J130 per month; lot 40 :7%x"3:8, subject
to confirmation by the court.
FELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
220 to 230 Fell st. and 219 to 233 Linden ave-
nue, near Franklin st. ; Improvements consist
of 7 houses and 4 flats; rents $177 per month;
both streets accepted by the city; lot 67:0x120;
2 frontages.
CALIFORNIA-STREET INVESTMENT. . '
124S California et., north line, near Leaven-
worth; elegant three-story building In good or-
der; an Ideal, location for private boarding-
house or fiats; lot 50x137:6.
HOWARD-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1128 Howard st., north line, near Seventh; 3-
story and basement frame building; store and
2 fiats; rents $65 per month, which are low;
lot £5x90; this choice holding one block from
new Pcstofflce.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY,
311-313 .Pacific St.. near Battery; 2 stores and
lodging-house above; rents $50 per month; lot
44:9x91:8; bank mortgage of 5G000 at 6 per pent
can remain.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1002-1004 Hyde st., east line near Pine; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores and flat; rent
$55 per month: lot 31x60. ' .
CELIA HAGAN ESTATE.
Executors' Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court. '
No. 1.
2732 Pine St., north line near Devisadero;
residence of 9 rooms and bath; basement,
brick foundation, cement walks and street ac-
cepted; lot 25x110. :
No. 2.
2734 Pine Bt. ; residence ' of 10 rooms and
bath, basement, bllllard-room. etc.; lot 30x110.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE,
NE. oprner Sixteenth and Castro st«. ; ele-
gant residence -Of 10 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, cement walks, etc.; nicely elevat-
ed; fine view; lot 30x100; cash above bank
mortgage of $S500 at G per cent. •
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
428 Bryant St., north line near Third; resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; can be readily
converted into flats; lot SsxSO.'
EXECUTRIX SALE.
The following three properties must be *old
to close an estate. - ¦
• , No. 1. • ¦ ¦¦ •' "- '»
198 Laldley st.: choice residence' of 10 rooms
and bath, stable, .windmill, tank, etc.; large
grounds and garden: 110 expense spared j by
owner in making this an attractive and com-
fortable, home; well built, commanding an un-
surpassed \-!<>w: lot 150x176. Irregular; th\a
property fronts on three -streets. • }
. No. 2.
Laldley et.. bet. Mateo and Roanoke: lot
IGOxlOO; planted In trees and flowers; an ideal
spot for a florist: good well of water. • ;
No. 3. . ;-y ¦
•Laldley st., near Falrmount; cottage of 4
rooms and. basement; separate chicken yftrds.
large garden, etc.; lot 100x100. „ . - -
For further particulars apply, at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. -
14 Montgomery st.
A BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair 'business .¦with English. , French,
. Italian- and; Spanish speaking people. .
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open dally.
IF you have Jott to e«ll north of the Park,
thi-n osll on.W. J. OUNN.,530 California »t.
CHEAPEST and: best in AmerlcR— The Weekly
Call - 18 pages, sent " to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. •
UEAL ESTATE — COWTRY— For Sale
G. II. UMBSE^^CoT^rjIontg^erF^tr^T ;
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Slitter Co., short distance from Marysville;. all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live cok tree:-.; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably ant! Is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits: this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price.- ¦•
Also 140 acres, all under , cultivation; rich,
valloy land; good buildings;' well fen'eed'; shcvt
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
sold in ¦Whole or In, part. to suit purchaser ¦ and
at an extremely- low price. .'.'-.. ¦.: ' i
The. .two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for Information a bargain
will be given. - R. D. BROWNE, :
. Manager Country Department.;..
$1625 CASH— 5 acres. Santa Clara Valley, in
prunes. -peaches -and *aprlcot3, ,5 years old;
crop on tress; well, two-roomed house, stable,
chicken houses, hcrse, wagon and harness,
7, dozen laying hens - (Minorca),; faffcn tools,
and furniture; near school, station and post-'
of nee. Pox 5207. Call office. . :
MARION . GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent, 719
Market St., by Call bldg.— Free circulars . de- ,
scribing- farms. for sale all. over this State. . '.¦_
RANCHES — Fruit; ranches, dairy, ranches,-
chicken ranches and general* ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market-
SAVSALITO REAL- ESTATE. -
FOR sale or for rent — $3850; Just completed; 8-
room residence in the choicest part for view,
and sunshine: every convenience; strictly
modern and built by day work; $400 cash, $30
the first 'month; payments increasing each
month if desired; lot 66x120 feet. DR. CRUMP-
TON, Sausallto, or ALBERT WIL.FORD, 3003
Jackson St., S. F., from 12 to 5.-:.. . " '
ALAMEDA .ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALABIEDA REAL ESTATE.' \, ;
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, . :" '-. _""."¦"?"' "_j"
Real Estate.. -. v. :
We have some choice building lots "on which
we will build yr>n a home on easy terms, t 3
. . . . » HAMMOND; & HAMMOND, -.
, ¦-. £326 Santa Clara ave.. -. Alamedar r
NEW modern cottaga, -6. ,rooms,- -50 -foot- lot;
• Weber . st. ; ¦ ?400 . cash,' $25 per month, i J.. H.
YOUNG.' builder, .1243. Park st.'-, .. -.¦ . .-.•¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.,^. ' f
$2300— 6-ROOM .house on Grove *t.'. west, front;
'one block from local; street.. work all-done.. ;
$6500*-The , best bargain 'in .Berkeley; 'will
rent for '$76 '.per month; & blodc; from: U.'C; [
ffrounds. ¦'-,..,.;• ,•;•:.. *-¦:.;¦*. ; -tfi, ;
$U00— S-^room house; large corner lot; cheap.
Apply S. S. QUACKENBOSH,
Opp. First National Bank. ,
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; a bargain— $1900; 5-room cot-
tage; all modern Improvements; bathroom;
floored- basement; barn; one block 'from
Fruitvale station and Oakland electric cars;
cash required $690; 'balance mortgage, run-
ning 3 years at 8 per cent; no agents. Ap-
ply E. L. B., box 123. Fruitvale, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE./
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ]
CALIFORNIA, 1527 — 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; running water.
CEDAR ave., 24A, near Larkln, bet. Post and
Geary— 3 Bunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished; hath; running water.
ELL.IS, 705 — Newly furnished rooms; use - of
piano and kitchen; rent reasonable. - "-.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent. .
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. 9th^-Large sunny bay-win-
dow room: blue-flame stove; $9; one other,
' $5; adults; quiet house.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single. ;
JONES;* 115— Tour nicely furnished .rooms. ,$20?
JONES,, 303— Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms,, rent $35;. also other beauti-
fully furnished rooms. - •
HAIGHT. ' 222 — Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping- rooms for a couple; telephone. .
HYDE, 408— Sunny front basement suite: yard,
laundry; $16; also large sunny room, $10.
LA.N'GTON. 2Sfi>4— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms. for nousekseplng; private family.
NOE, S30, near 'Hill— 4 rooms and bath; ele-
gantly furnished' for housekeeping.
SECOND,- 623, in rear — 2 rooms complete for
housekeeping; bath.
SILVER, 165, near Fourth— 2 furnished- rooms
for housekeeping, cheap.
BIXTH, 541 — Sunny front and back parlor, for
housekeeping; $10." , «.'
BTOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
also housekeeping rooms. ¦
TWENTT-THIRD, 8726, near Dolores— * sunny
bay-window, rooms; nice, nea.t," . complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 -
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN~HOTEL, 321 Grant ave -^Best $l~a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance ;
large rooms, BCc up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1S64)— Fur- ;
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly ;
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. '
EDDY, 473— Front room, nicely furnished, with
closet, $7 per month; -j
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 ICearny st.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished. !
FELL. 112—2 pleasant connecting rooms, fur- -
nished; private family. ' ]
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. room*. Mr; & .
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House. ;
GEARY, 384— 2 sunny front rooms; separate if .
desired; suitable for 2 young men. ]
GOLDEN GATE, 8%— Sunny front suite; suit- .
able for offices or living rooms; also single. <
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh ,
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or "
single; 'ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL. ST. DENIS, ' 24 Turk, near Market—
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and :
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call- .
bell !n every room; elevator and full hotel
¦ service ;. rates 75c per day and upward: ref. f
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single; :
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
JESSIE, 501— Elegant and newly furnished suite
of rooms for housekeeping, $15; . large front
room for office, $15 per month. ¦"¦¦:.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur- j
.nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up. |
MARTINET, 1101 Gearys-Elegant suites, newly *
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA. 262, near 4th— Furnished front parlor, ,
suitable for 2 gentlemen. In private family.
NINETEENTH. 8334— S connecting sunny fur- I
nlahed cooms; downstairs; no children;- $13. '
O'FARRELL.' 20— Sunny furnished rooms and -
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. ma. t
ROSEDALE Hous*. S19-S21 Ellis st.— Rooms, !
night. 25c to $1; week, $125 to $4; open night. 5
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light; '.
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladles', par- -
lor; rooms, per night, 35c. to $1 50; week,* $2 to
IS; month. \l to $30; elevator on ground floor; i.
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-::-.. I
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st., S
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ¦• • ..
STOCKTON, 41—2, large sunny suites suitable J
for offices; other rooms; transient. V -, .;. , ••
TAYLOR. IOC— Light airy rooms, $3 per month; 1
50c a night up. ' .. ..- / . .<,.. , .. . , ¦
THE Crocker. 915 •Leavenworth— Fine » sunn? .
> rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds. '
TURK. 2G8 (The . Lake)— New house; newly fur- .
f nished ; board optional. Phone , South 422. . '
VAN NESS, ave., 1420, . southwest corner Pine—
Newly furnished front bay-window rooms;
also unfurnished parlor; gas, • ba.th; : running .
water and phone. . . • .;'.
WASHINGTON, 1001; near Towell-2 of'S'un-
. furnished -sunny rooms; terms /reasonable:
gentlemen preferred. , . • ;,,:¦-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore."
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been ; established at t'JW .
Valencia st. • ¦ . , -f.J
, . ..ROOMS, AXD, BOARD.
AN exceptional '.table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. .. 807 California st. -.::', .
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly .furnished suites or single. ? with board.
PINE and Mason* (HoteL Oliver)— Elegant sunny
•suites or single .roome; private baths; excel-
, lent table and service. .'',¦¦,- ¦_--:, ; ..>.—
VaLKNCIA-ST:- Hotel/,71S Valencia St.. 'Mission"
. .warm belt— -Good board: >flne -rooms; reason-'
'.able rates: . cars pass the door.. '¦ - ¦ .. '.-;¦¦:.:: '.- :
A ; FAMILY hotel, Wllmott, 72S Sutter— Sunny
v rooms, excellent table 'and seriftce..-. . • .':.:-.>.-¦
HOTEL ' Repclier. 781 • Sutter— Newly furn. ;
-excellent table; -special' rates to" tourists. "'"¦¦
HOTEL Laa-Palraas,- 1S20 V.arfiet— Suites. 2 or.
: 3 rooms. -bath. 'conhectinK: "board- optional. 1
THE GAGE, 42S Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
'-.•".excellent: service;: board optional; references.
A- WEEK'S news for.5 cents— The Weekly Call,
.16 pages, iriwrnnner. for mailing. SI per year.
S ROOMS AND BOARD AV ANTED:
YOUNG- married; couple desires board In refined '
.private family. Box.S220. Call office. -
BY young .man in private family;. German- pre-
¦ f erred ; central location. , -Box 4174, Call office.
KOOM9 WANTED. *. '"; :>. :y.: :v
"WANTED— A: sunny good '-, sized . unfurnished
i' - room ; prompU pay. -Address box' 46, ¦ Call. ;r ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. ;
SECOND-HAND machines, .all : makes at-al- ¦
•most any price you • want to' pay;- all -kinds' '
rented J2 ma . 145 Sixth . st. ; : phone Mint 1 16. j
ALL kinds bought; sold: arid repairing gu&ran- '
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, !-nr^, 15th. I
ALL kinds bought, sold/ rented., exchanged, re- j
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. .205 4th. j
TYPRWltlTERS -AND .SUPPLIES.: j
GREAT BARGAINS IN.JYPEWRITERS^We •
sell better machines-for less money than any i
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter i
¦ExehanRe.-53&-CaliforTrfar telephone- Main ?Sgr !
- • s L.EGAl»-.An.V.B«.Ti»E:jttEAVr*. «•--«- -
IN the Superior Courjt, In;, and .for, the- City- and'
: County of •Sa.n'Francisco,';- State , of California'
' ¦'¦— In the ma.tter,.of- the- estate of EUGENE ?
¦ TANIERE. " deceased. ;.v./.v /.:•;- vij.;..,^ .-
ETIENNE iTANIERB,' executor of the list
wllT and 'testament ; of -'EtfGENE'.TANIERE
' deceased.Thaving.thls.aayjpresenteaVandiflled
herein hla : - atfly ¦ v.eritiea/ j;p(*tlUon i prayin^f or
fan Jr4eV.auth<itizlng hii^'^i8'such;executor.jto,
¦ borrow imoney' and-; to; make ••.a.J note; arid ; *t$ j
mortgage -the- realty. Mieinafteg described, fort I
; tKe; purpose, : of .paying -.existing: notes' and' •
1 moAgag^/and\cqsts<and;.charge6 i»f-tJUs;prd-? ;
i ceeijirtg:and'Qf' procuring, a\new,- loan: • <-K>, ';
• / ¦.'Atidvlt'iapp^arinarvtO! thls.-court '.from' such ;
'verffled "petition-- that \lf - ! is 1 '-necessary -ana-
proper that such order should be made;
IT IS NOW ORDERED by said court that
all persons Interested in the" estate of said '
decedent appear .before this court on MON-
DAY, the 27th day of May, A.D. 1901. at 10
' o'clock in the forenoon of said day. at the
courtroom of Department 10 of said Superior 1
Court, at the New City Hall, in said city and
county of San Francicco, then and there to
show cause why that certain lot. piece or
parcel of land, situate, lying and being In the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California, . particularly bounded i and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, -thence wester-
ly and along the northerly line of McAllister
street seventy. (70) feet; thence at right
angles northerly one hundred and fourteen
(114) feet and six (6) inches; thence at right
angles easterly seventy (70) feet to the west-
erly line of Hyde street; thence at right
angles southerly along said line of Hyde
street one" hundred' and fourteen (114) feet
and six (6) inches to the point of commence-
ment, being a portion of the parcel of land
known on the official-map, of- the city and
county of San Francisco as fifty (50) vara
lot number 133S, or some part thereof, should
not be mortgaged by said petitioner, executor
aforesaid, for the sura of . twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred ($22,500) dollars, or such
lesser amount as to ' the court shall seem
meet, and reference is herehy made to said
petition now on file herein for full par-
. ticulars.
It is further ordered that a> copy of this
order be published at least once a week for
four successive weeks In the gan Francisco
Call," a newspaper ct general circulation,
printed and published in the city and count j
of San; Francisco. »','.-•{.' • ' ¦ , - •-
Done in open court this 26th day of April,'
A.D. 1201.
¦ /? ' J. V.COFFEY. Judge.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors . of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia,, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.;
San Fmncteooi Cal.,^«p«to 10r3O o'clock S.-ra.,
SATURDAY, June 8, 1901, and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence ( pf bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter- '
master and commissary supplies. for the ..Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad .sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1,- 1901, and ending December 31, 1901.
Schedules, with. Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions o( the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless if is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his. bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of. his bid,' payable to » C. . .Mason
Klnne, treasurer, -conditioned that -the'/ bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves- the right to reject any or all
bid« and to order any quantity, over or under
the amount specified. . . : • ••
Address J. J;- SCOVILLE, Secretary Board'
of Directors of the i Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St., ¦ San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tor«. - - JY J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal..' May 21, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 6' clock a. m.,' Monday, June 10. 1901,
and then ppened, for construction of "Water
¦ and Sewer System at Fort Baker,. Cal. Gov-
' eminent reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole or In part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon); :
- being equal, and such. preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption re-
quired by. the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Assistant Quartermaster General, '
Chief Q. M. . . .¦'•.- ¦ .
SPECIAL NOTICES.*
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or, country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO-. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; teL 5580.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; paint- '
done. 319 Third 'St.. Hartman Paint ¦ Co.
' STORAGES AND "WAREHOUSES.
p7iR*clM*aDo1i]p1iri3tor^ ,.
office Post and Powell 6ts. ; tel. Main 5713. •
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1840; chipping, at -cut rates. -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- ¦ j
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. ¦_¦¦¦
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, • 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZBHFUSS.
— — i — i — — — — — — — S
jMABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued"
yesterday: , .- ,
Charles Fritz, 24, 9 Fair avenue, and Phllo-
menp. Joes, 26, 229 Gates street. .>....
Nlchdlas W. Garrat, 24, 714 Laguna street.
and Alice C. Prltchard, S0.714 Laguna street.,
BIRTHSHMRRIA&ES--J3EATHS,
Birth," marriage and death notice* «snt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed ;
in at either of the publication < offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- ]
sons authorized to have the same published.
¦-'-. ¦¦-• ''. ':;•¦ born. ¦. v -
CROSSLEY— In this' city, May 20.^1901, « to the
' wifa of J. F. Crossley, a daughter. , . .:
HINRICHSBN-^-Iri this city, May 18, 1901, to
' the wife of H. JHlnrlchsen, a 'daughter.
LEWIS-In this city. May 10, . 1901. to. the wife
~of Herman Lewis, a -daughter.
SWITZER— In ; this City, , May, 22, -1901, to the i
v wife of -J. B.;Switzer, a son. ' . \ • ' :
ZWERIN— In i this "city, : t6 ¦. the wife of Joseph' f
-; Zwerin, a i daughter. ¦¦•"'. " , '. ..-.-. ; ; y.-;,:j-;.raA
. , 3 " '¦
¦ :¦'¦ :¦:] 4 V MARRIED. \ ;.;• '^T- ; ;
LUSEJ-ANDERSON^-In this city, May 23, 1901*- 1
-. at the Church of the --Advent, by; the Rev, H. :
. Parrish, Jesse A. Luse and; Lillian A". 'Ander- I
son,' both of Marshfleld, : Or.,' • .- - •' •;>.
MATZEN— N AU— In' Valona, ¦ Contra - Costa ¦
.County." Cal., May 20, .1901, George Matzen of '
Yallejo and . Ada Nau . of ; San ;• Francisco ¦ ' *- *
MURTHA/RICOTTI— In this city, by the Rev $
• Father O'Neill, -Peter J. Murtha and Beatrice '
M.' Rioottl.--' ' . ¦ ' ¦ :-•-¦¦¦' ' ¦ -..- . , .?. ,_- +
V_- ¦ -died. .;.¦¦/;."¦.;.¦••;¦ : "; ;-. -.-. : '¦
• Anderson,' Anton* ' Lee, Sarah E."' ' -'
Anderson, Walter ." LIU; - Anna C: :
Callahan, Catherine . . McBee. Cecil O.' ''
Carr, Owen J. • ., • Mclnerney,- Elizabeth \
¦ Crean,.' Catherine J- '-'..- Marlnan, William M.-
¦ Cunningham, » John Minisran,, James ¦'.- '
: Cuhnlff, • Rosanna . Mueller, ¦> Rudolnh ¦ , I
Driscoll, Ellen , '.Mullen, Claudia A. •. . '
Edwards, iBertha M. Nettleton, .-Irene E. '-''¦ i
Edwards. .Thomas:' ¦ .-' O' Brlen.' Clara'- Mae '•<¦ "
..Fortro, Joseph Q. Quirk,, Patrick F. J.V ¦
' 'Harrlngton.rNellle A.' t.Rlchter, Penelope V> ¦
' Hawes, » Elizabeth": r. 1^ Schmidt. Albert : I
Hlckey, 1 John J. i Watson. James • ¦ " |
ANDERSON— In this . city, May U, \ 1901, ' Anton S
: Anderson,'- a native of Russia, aged 82 years
. 11 months arid: 3 days. ';• >.\:-- ' " - ' • - :" i
ANDERSON— In this city,' May 23, 1901, Walter
¦ - Anderson, dearly., beloved son ' of Charles .A.
and Sadie- Anderson, "and beloved -brother of
. May, Leo' arid- Olga Anderson, a native of
' San Francisco,- aged 2 years 4 months and 23
1 days. • .- _ .- r ¦ ''-,.'' '
CALLAHAN— In New York City, suddenly,
;.-May 16,- 1901, .Catherine T.j'Callahan,-* widow
» -of .the- late M.'fB. Callahani 1 and 'mother -of
"Henny Cy* Charles. \V.,j Mary E.,* -Katherine,
;• Carolin^rand/Xiily Callahan.and Mrs.'- S..V.
y Pettlgrew arid . Mrs. .William'--. W. Deamer, a
: • native of "Mobile,' Ala., aged- 71 years, v -. ¦ .:..
Et C^Frlend3= are : lnvited to attend a solemn
requiem - mass for the ¦ repose of her soul, to
. be I this day (Saturday), at • 10:33
. o'clock,-, at St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
. avenue. : ''-. Interment private.- . Please ¦. omit
'.flowers...''. ¦::-¦¦ . '• ¦; ¦ .-."¦.¦- ¦ '¦ • * •''
CARR— In this city. May, 24,' 1901, Owen John^"
j beloved husband of ¦ Fannie . Carr, • and- loving
I father of Helen, \ John, Annie, , William. Net-.
. tie,' Hugh, Catherine' and 'liouetta' Carr, ana-
.'tive of Ireland; aged 59 years' and 10 months.
• -«' < tCT Friends -and I acquaintances - are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at '10:30 o'clock, -from his late resl-
.:- dence, . 421..- Brannan ¦ street,- . thence ' to St.'
".¦ RoBe's : Church': for .'services, at'll o'clockr In-
, terment / National .Cemetetr. ' Presidio. ¦ ;
CRF»AN— In :¦ this, city, ; May 23, • 1901, Catherine
<. Crerfn, '. belove.d sister, of William and:the late
, ; - Owen Crean. and beloved aunt 'of John and
Daniel Crean, a. native of County Cork,- Ire-
land, -aged 70 years. :,:¦' ' "''..¦'¦¦.?":'
.' .C? Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully 'invited -to attend; the funeral .this day
.. (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from "her late res-
- Idence,^ 250 Clara ; street, between: Fifth 'and
Sixth,, thence to St.. Patrick's Church, where
¦ a: reauiem. high "mass will be celebrated ' for
¦ the reocse of her soul, ; at 9 o'clock^ Inter-
' ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. : . . J. ' r-.-
.' CUNNINGHAM— In this, city,- May 1 23,' 1901,
¦John, beloved husband of the late Eliza Cun-
, . ingham, | a native of Ireland, • aged . 77 years.
... ' Ity Frienda. are" respectfully invited' to: at-
i ;' tend ¦ the .funeral Monday, ¦ May i 1 27, - at ¦' 9:30
¦ o'clock; fronr: his 'late residence, -.841 Harrison
> street,* thence to St. .Rosa's Church, -Brannan
I •, street; between Fourth . and' Fifth, ; where a
i solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
g for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
i .o'clock. Interment Holy- Cross Cemetery. . ~
iCIJNNIFF— In this, city, May 23, 1901. Rosanna.
V '.belove'd i wife. of the late Frank "D.' Cunnlff,
'-. and daughter " of Elizabeth- and the late .'Pat-
rick Frawley.'and sister of- Patrick, .'Joseph;
'Willie and- Edward : Frawl«r-»nd Mrs.vT.
•' Welch, Mrs. : J.i W.-Sh^a and Mrs. W./Ward,
"';; a'i native of . San .. Francisco; ¦ aged > 32 years 6
,,{• mopths and 13 days: \ {•;. ; ;,v : u '¦'. ¦
DRISCOLL— In' this .city, .'May 24, 1901, Ellen
.>¦ Driscoll, -widow of /the late Michael Drlacoll,
: ",and . beloved \ mother 1 of Jphn^ J.,-Mary Ellen
¦"- and Michael 3 J, ¦,¦ Driscoll and. Mrs. 5 Charles
viWHson, a ; native of Bantry^ Ireland, aged 60
•..'years.':- (Boston, papers please • copy.) " 3 •¦
r'v 'in3"Frlends arid ¦ acquaintances are respect-
j.--uHy .'invited- to-; attend the funei-al.'<Monday,
• :May'-'27. at 8:30 o'cloqk, from her late..resi-
'; Menpe,* : 2960 .'Twenty- third: street;, thence' -to
•fj*S.t. JPeter'i' Church; where a'solemnf requiem
vC high mass ; will ; be • celebrated { for j the repose
V'iOf ber«soi|l, : 'j<!Gibiinenclng at 9 o'clock. ' 'Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • • ' . :
EDWARDS— In Los Gatos, .Cal., May 24, 4901;
'. Bertha M., wife of A. E. ; Edwards, and
daughter of Captain George Johnson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years. .
icyFuneral services at Cypress Lawn
v Chapel to-morrow (Sunday), at- 2 o'clock.
Please omit flowers. . :
EDWARDS— In Berkeley,- Cal., May 23, 1901,
at his residence, ¦¦ 1614 Todd street, Thomas
beloved husband-, of Emma Edwards, and
father of Mrs. Bella Lovln of Kansas City,
Mo., a native of Missouri, aged 45 years.
. CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
, the California Undertaking Company, 405
$*owell street, near Post. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' . Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .
FORTRO— In this city, May 24, 1901. Joseph Q.,
beloved husband of Lena Fortro, and father
of Louis J. Fortro and Mrs. Abble Turner,
a native of New York, aged 69 years 10
-months and 6 days. •
HARRINGTON— In. this ! city, May 23, 1901,
Nellie -A;,' dearly beloved and only daughter
of Ellen J. Harrington, and sister of John J.
and Thomas William . Harrington, a native
of Kan Francisco, aged 22 years and 1 month.
tCJ'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral » to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,. .from her late resi-
dence,. 434 Natoma street, "thence to. St. Pat-
rick's Church, for services. " Interment Holy
Cross 'Cemetery. ' ...........
HAWES— In this city, May 23, 1901, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Charles M. Hawes. and
mother of Charles D. Hawes and Mrs. A. E.
Borton. a?ed 67 years. - ?
" cyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from her late rest-
' dence, 428 Connecticut street. Interment Ma-
• sonic , Cemetery. .,.. ...
HICKEY— In this city. May 23. 1901. John, J..
beloved • husband of Bridcet Hlckey, and
father of John M. Hlckey. a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.. aged 61 years 10 j months and 21
day.?. : ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .',\. - ¦ . - 1 .
. (PTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited -to attend the funeral this day
'. (Saturday),. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res-
idence, 14C0 San Bruno avenue, , thence to Str
Peter's Church; corner of Twenty-fourth and
Alabama streets, where a Tequiem high mass
wlll.be celebrated for the reposeof his •oul,
j commencinsr' at - 9 o'clock. | Interment Holy
; Cross Cemetery. . . -i. • v,-
LEE— In thlscity, May 24, 1901, Sarah E., be-
loved dauzhter of ? John T. • and j Sarah • Lee,
. . and sister of .Agnes, George and Mary Lee,
and ' granddaughter of George -W.- Haskell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 9 months
and 2 days. :,:¦-¦ ., .; . ., * .
LILL— In this. city, May. 24, 1901, Anna, Catha-
rine, beloved wife of Conrad LI 11, and mother
of August and John Lill,' a native of Ger-
many, aged So years. . : . , „ .
McBEE-ln Oakland, May -23, 1901, Cecil *Giles.
beloved son of F. M. and Mabel McBee. a
native of Oakland, aged 10 years 7 months
: and 23 days.
McINERNEY— In this city May 4 19. 1901, Eliza-
beth Mclnerney, a native of Scotland, aged
86 years. , .¦
MAHINAN— In this city, May 24. 1D01, William
M.,' beloved son of Martin and Annie Marl-
nan, and brother of George and the late John
J.v Marinan, and* grandson, of John H. and
Margaret Matron, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year.10. months and 23 days. •
MINIGAN— In = this' city. May 24, 1901, James,
beloved husband "of ¦ Margaret Minlgan, and
father of ¦ James, Ben,-. George,. Alice I and
Laura Minigan and Mrs. J. L. Schroeder
¦ and the. late Margaret Mlnigan, and brother-
in-law of -Mrs. C. B. Rode, Mrs. Frank Mc-
¦ Guire, Mrs. M. Burns and James McDermott,
a native of Montreal. Canada, aged 64 years;
A member of • Yerba J Buena Lodge '• No. .14,
A. O. U. W., and- General MeadePost No.
48. G. A. R. (Montreal papers please copy.)
ICFriends and members of the above so-
c^lles are respectfully . Invited to attend the
. funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
.•from -his late,, residence, 651 Folsom street,
thence to St. .'Patrick's Church for services,
'at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
MUELLER— In this city. May , 24, 1901, Ru-
dolph Mueller, 'beloved husband of Barbara
. Mueller, . and | father, of Albert, Rudolph: and
Clara Mueller, a native of New York, . aged
65 years 2 = month* and 12 days." ; (New. York
and Chicago papers please copy.)
, ¦ (TT Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),, at 1 o'clock, from' the parlors of
' H.~. F. Suhiv & Co., 1137 • Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. • Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. ;
MULLEN— In East Oakland, May 24, ""1901.
Claudia - A: Mullen,-, beloved wife of Edwin
T. Mullen. : a native of . San- Francisco, aged
• 24 ' years - and 1 day. ¦ , . J --
NETTLETON— In Los Angeles, Cal.,. May 22,
1901, at. 1011 Buena Vista street, Irene E., be-
loved wife of. Ernest W. - Nettleton, and
mother of Richard - Ernest Nettleton. a. na-
-tive of Vlsalla,' Cal., aged 28 yeara 5 months
>• and 11 days. -. , ; . „...¦.¦ :. .'.
O'BRIEN— In • this city, .' May 24, - 1901. '. Clara
j Mae, beloved wife of Charles L. O'Brien, and
¦ mother ' of ¦ Rose - Agnes O' Brlen, and \ daugh-
ter of'Thomas and Mary Mullen, and sister
' of Mrs. John i J. ¦ Coff ey and \ the late Harry
.[ T.'andJohn F. and May Jane Mullen; a na-
I tlve^ Of SaO Francisco, aged 22 years.* ., ¦
QUIRK— In Oakland, May 24, 1901. J Patrick
Flavin, dearjy beloved and "only., son of 'John
F. and Mary A. Quirk, and beloved 'grandson
of .. Mr. and , Mrs. P." Maloney. . a native of
!* Oakland; aged^S ..years 4 months and 20 days."
iryFrienda and • acquaintances I are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: " (Sunday), ' at 2 o'clock, f rom. the. parents' 'res-
'< Idence, » 1410 ' ¦¦¦ Ninth . street; ; Interment I St.
.'Mary's Cemetery. Oakland; . - ,~ '
RICHTER— In this city, May 23, 1901, Penelope
¦ , V. ¦ Richter, I dearly . beloved - wife , of Adolph,
and mother of Flournoy Richter,'' and daugh-
ter of the ; late Rev. 1 and . Mr«. William H.
Tubb, and . sister of George A • A., -William
fl H: • and >, Flournoy .Tubb and -Mrs. -William
: ' Jamieson, Mrs. John LaddHsh, Mrs." Carl Ste-
phens and Mrs." Herbert Roland, -. a native of
; i California,- aged ,24 years 10 -months ¦¦ and 4
'days. ¦¦ '•',-'-¦ ¦'*'¦¦ "-¦¦. v *¦ - { ¦rv'-v .¦¦¦'¦*-".'. ;. m
':•: ipr Frienda • and ; acquaintances | are : respect-
¦ 'fully ' Invited 'to attend'- the ' funeral , services
"to-morrow at -2:30 o'clock,- at- the
s] chapel of Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -• > ¦
SCHMIDT— In this city, ¦ May: 21. , 1901. 'Albert, 1
beloved son of Minna Schmidt, and father of
: Fred, T-Harry, Annie ' and ; Charles :-, Smith;
; . and - brother of : Mrs. t Anna Harris,-;, a native
; of ¦ Shonir,^ Prussia; aged.. 51 M years - and ; 8
:J.moTiths: • x ~:-. -'T~ :Jv'-:.. '- : ;>/-":" l-i.-f :.' : .."-^ ¦¦'."'¦'- ~
'¦ I '•¦¦ ET Friends .: and • acquaintances ) are irespect-
f fully Invited to attend: the funeral 'to-morrow
; (Sunday),*- at ; 10:30. o'clock."' from- the -parlors
ofA; W. Martin & Co.,. 319 O'Farrell -street.
Interment *Salem Cemetery ,by : 11:30 - o'clock
• I train I from Third • and v Townsend streets." ..Os?
WATSON— In ; this city;: May 24, "1901." at his
r residence, ;•- 2S13 -t^ California- street, James,
: dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth .Watson,
' and beloved father r of -William ;T.; *, J. «- J.,
'•- George H.,"" Charles • M.;" Charlotte . L.', < Flor-'
' ence, - Lucille . and [ the , late Robert 1 Watson, a
¦; native of San; Francisco,. aged '52: years. ,- \ ;
HENR^Jii GALLAGHER [CO.;
. ¦* (Successor' to "FIannagan'& i Gallagher.) • '
1 ! -DANIEL : P.~- DONOVAN, Mgr. v
FUNERAL DIRECTORS >'AND EMBALMERS.
- ,20 Fifth at.; ¦ opposite ' Lincoln , School. : ; ..
1 t'.'-i' v :-•, Telephone South' 80.. ':-¦„;-¦'': .
IEugene- McGinn. t« ,:_•¦. « McGINNvBROS.'
"•¦ -: Funeral'; Directors -and* Embalmers,**,f "»¦
'¦¦>:¦ /"•«.' 3i;eddy,» street.. . ; - -." r?
Telephone 5 South j 252. «. y ->,-."* :¦ San I Francisco. .
t No Connection vWlth r Any - Other ' House.'--"McKenzie's Flea.
the Supreme Court desperate efforts have
been made by. McKenzie's friends, and he
has many, to have him pardoned. Every
string -that, powerful influence could pull
was pulled, and they reached out all over
the Union, for the deal to gather in the
claims of Nome had big men behind ;,it.
It was all In vain.' however, until sickness
seized hold of him and he began to fail.
. Three weeks ago another :¦ effort • was
made to bring his. case before the Presi
dent, with McKenzie's failing health as
excuse for his release, but when the Pres
ident asked if ho had compiled with all
the requirements of his sentence by re
turning all he was ordered to return. It
was found that the shortage of $10,000 In
dust and the §900 incash were still in his
trunk. When he heard, this the President
refused to consider any petition whatever.
Thursday the shortage was made good,
and yesterday Samuel Knight -appeared
before Judge Morrow and announced that 1
all had been paid. Knight is one of the
attorneys who fought McKenzie in Nome.
There was also submitted a communica
tion, from McKenzie, .which ..was as fol
lows:-. . . . ¦ . ,
"' Ver-cs : cures Piles? or;$50 reward-' '.'¦ For
sale by' all druggists. . '. ' ' ; 'i : V
: BATTERED BY , HER HUSBAND.-Mra.
Mary i Rellly, . 2123 ¦ Twenty-third ¦ street, secured
a warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday for the
arrest'.of her husband. Patrick : Rellly. a car
penter, on the . charge of battery. ; •
Every point In California of. Interest to
the sportsman and 1 the pleasure-seeker,il
lustrated in the outing edition of the News
Letter. Out to-day.--, rfMWiiMHBliWWnMBWai
The Alameda ' children -who have 'per-'
formed the operetta- of "The V Marsh"
King" In Oakland: In aid of.the'establlsh
ment of a free, bed for 'sick children. will
?,\° a J Performance in this city In t the
Alhambra for the benefit 'of- tho; Chil
dren a Hospital on the afternoon of; June
1. There are about 1 100 children'. who will:
perform. .Popular prices will: be .the rule,
50 ' cents being .the • charge for reserved
seats. ¦ The loge boxes will be $6 each.
The Alameda ladies who are making- the
arrangements, are Mrs. C." H. Tilden .and
Airs. - F. H. McGurk. ¦: The operetta ;. em
braces a fairy, story. The children 'will
sing and act very (pleasingly. -\ : -.swre
Will Sing "Marsh King."
The Federation' of Mission Improvement
filed a protest yesterday against the
recommendation of the Finance Commit
tee that. $25,000 be set aside for "a new po
lice station in the southern- district."- Tho
federation claims that the • police • officials
?£ t^ t d , lst rtct aro well provided; for in
tho City Hall, and ;that the money should
po spent to construct a ; new schoolhouso I
In Sunnyslde or west- of ' Castro '. street
•pttf^ 8 where: It is said, the pupils are
taught in dwelling houses and rooms over
saloons. ¦ „- . •• , .
Opposed to New Police Station.
The San Francisco Sunday School Asso
ciation will hold a session .in the First
Congregational Church, corner of : Post
and Mason street*, on Tuesday evening
n<:xt. The following programme has been
arranged for the occasion: > Doxology,'
congregation: J invocation, . Rev. .TA.
Woods; D.D. ; contralto solo, Miss Mfgnon
Judson: address, "House to House Visita
tion." Rev. H. H.;Bell, ; D.D. ; hymn, con
jircpation: address, * "A Superintendent's
Club." Charles W. Pike; vocal duet, Mr.
ar.d Mrs. Stockard; address, "A' City Nor
mal and Teachers' Class,*' :'> Rev; : S. D.
llutEinpiller. D.D.;- hymn, congregation;
burners, adoption.- of ' constitution and
election of officers;' benediction. /;
Sunday-School Association.
The letterpress contains among other
things a history of the Republican party
in San Francisco.- tho Republican pres3
and the ¦ San PYanolsco postal . ¦ service.
The portraits ¦ of many citizens of note
add interest to the historical features of
the number, which if bound in. a -hand
some cover in art shades and gold.
From the Wasp office comes a j really
charming souvenir of the visit of Presi
dent McKinley to California, It is a spe
cial issue of sixty pages and contains an
immense number *of pictures of the chief
Incidents of the tour, groups of persons
prominent therein ¦ and reception func
tions. In fact it is a pictorial history.: of
this extraordinarily successful progress
and is thus of historic value apart from
its - artistic charms.
Souvenir of President's Visit.
Special train, select party to the Pan-
American Exposition, visiting en . route
the Grand Canyon, Kansas City, Chicago
Pittsburg, Washington, Philadelphia, New
York, Niagara Falls, Colorado Springs
Pikes Peak. Denver and Salt Lake, with
one full week at the Buffalo Exposi
tion. Swell dinner whilaj you travel
best hotels when you stop.,, Train, Pull
man's latest. Starts June 3. Full particu
lars at Santa Fe Office. 641 Market st. •
Pan-American Exposition Party.
An ¦ enjoyable time is promised . those
who attend the annual picnic and reunion
of the Young Men's' Catholic Union at
¦FernbrookPark on Thursday. May 30. Ever
since 1883 the members have been accus
tomed to go with their' families to some
pretty place where- they could devote
themselves entirely to fun and frolic and
the greeting of their many friends.
The last year haa seen a remarkable
growth in the membership of the Young
Men's Catholic Union. As a result there
.will be many 1 more people than usual at
the picnic this year, and elaborate prep
arations are being made for their.enter
tainment. The committee of . arrange
ments has been preparing for the event
,for several weeks. Already, 2000 tickets
have been distributed.
, As heretofore a large number of valua
ble prizes will add to the interest of the
occasion. These prizes are divided among
many different event3, so that every per
son who attends - will ,' have a chance to
get at least one. There will be games for
the girls and the boys, the young and the
old. : There will be dancing and all sorts
of festivities." Those seeking enjoyable
recreation and a pleasant ride will do well
to attend. l All are assured • a glorious
day's outing and a Eplendld time. The
union's picnics have always been remark
able for good order.- -They are in fact
family picnics,. whera basket parties are
the rule. The price for round trip tickets
has been fixed at $1' for adults - and 30
cents for children.. Arrangements . have
been made to go -on the broad gauge,
leaving by the ferry from the foot of
Market street at 9 o'clock.
, E. M.-j O'Rlelly, has been chosen floor
manager and' F. J. , llansen his assistant.
A floor committee has been appointed,
consisting of A. T. Gantrfer, H. H. Hay,
F.' Dolan. P. J. Callan. J. Bowler and M.
J. Coturri.. The games .will i be In charge
of D. P. Breen, J.Brennan, M. . Fitzger
ald -and. M. C. Callan; a. committee con
sisting of J. C. Murphy. G. L. 'Powleson.
J. Cervo and D. F. Ahearn has secused
good music, i The following reception com
mittee has .-been appointed: T. McGulre,
J. E. Martin, J. T. BurnaJ. J. Oliver, J.
Burns. >\V. Caaey. J. Leary; W. P. Flllcy,
W. F. Glennon and 1». Connor.*
PLAUTOlfG A. PLEASANT
DAiY IN THE COUNTRY
Picnic of the Young Men's Catholic
TJnion to Be Held at Fern
brook Park.
Inches for the season, as against 7.90 for
last year to this date. At weather head
quarters it is explained that this storm
originated in the Colorado Valley to the
southeast and rapidly /approached the
coast, being apparently quite general in
Southern California and' extending as far
south as San Diego. Although a largre pro
portion of the hay crop has been cared
for, there is still a considerable amount
lying loose In the fields, and if damp
weather continue this will oe damaged.
Some benefit, however, will be gained by
the. late sown grain and the orchards will
also be benefited, with the exception of
cherries, which may be injured In some
sections. '.¦¦¦.- . . :
rVISALIA, May 24.— There was a -heavy
rainfall between 8 and 11 o'clock to-night.
No damage was done to crops..
NAPA, May 24.— Rain began falling at 4
o clock this afternoon. 'Indications • are
good for more showers.
Send it to Eastern friends. The Wasp* *
McKlnley souvenir. AH the events of the
President's visit compiled in sixty pages
of eplendld pictures. Out to-day; 25c. •
In the Divorce Court
Mary K. Culverwell was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Stephen E. Culver
well on the ground of desertion. Suits for
divorce were filed yesterdav by Elida M.
I>urdick against Charles. M. Burdick for
cruelty, and Louvina Champagne against
Samuel Champagne for failure to provide.
Mrs! Stanley G. Scovern Dies.
The friends of Stanley G. Scovern, who
has a wide circle of acquaintances owing'
to his club and business affiliations, will
be pained .to learn of the 'death of his
wife. She died suddenly yesterday- after
a brief illness. • fi<MB»sJ>
It was rumored on the street last even-
Ing that the Eastern syndicate which has
Intt completed the purchase of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way bad tethered in the Sutter-street
road as.- .well and that an electric system
combining- the two was In contemplation*
George R. Webb of - Baltimore, of the
syndicate that has taken the San Mateo
line, declares the rumor is without found
ation. He says his syndicate has made
no purchase of the Sutter-stree^line and
that his trip out to this city hA been to
inspect the properties just acquired. He
will return to the East to-day.
There have been several rumors regard
ing the purchase of the Sutter-street line
by Eastern I companies, but I it haa not
heretofore been coupled with the pur
chase of the San Mateo road. • v»
Bumors That the Purchasers of the
I . San Slateo Road Had
Taken It.
HAVE NOT BOUGHT
SUTTER- STREET LIHX
McKenzie Case Conclusive.
The case /against McKenzie was as con
clusive as testimony could make It, and it
was perhaps fortunate that the charge
was one of contempt only. He was sen
tenrod to serve a year in jail without' al
ternative, and he ' has served but a few
months. Besides serving his sentence
there were two things he had to do: one
wa« to return the gold dust he had In his
possession, which "he did, less ounces
amounting to $10.0QO. and $900 in cash, and
the other was to make good this shortage.
Ho said at the time he turned over tho
geld dust that he had the shortage In his
trunk at Seattle, -but it was Thursday last
before he turned it over.
Since his conviction and its approval. by
It was only on tho 14th inst. that the nf
fldn%1ts In the contempt nrocfedlntrs
rtKninst Noyes wero filed in the Dtstrict
Court hero, and tho effect is apparent al
most at once. It wus dlnousaoa at length
whether to suspend Noyea or to trunsfcr
him to some place whero he was not so
well known and ko thoroughly disliked.
It seems, howover, that transfer Is not to
I": his unless ho Mhall get Wlckershum's
plfico at Kaglo City, but In any event ho
will dlBpenso no more law at Nonio, at
least for a while. The proceedings against
him will bo tho same aa those against Ale- 1
Kcnzic. The same testimony that brought
conviction home to McKenzie will gupport
tho cape against Noyes, and Noyes can
not advanco the plea that he was badly
advlSed, for he was supposed to know
that writs from the United States Court
of Appeals are not issued for fun.
Court, for It was tacitly agreed that
should the Supreme Court reverse tho
conviction the* other cases would not bo
tnken up. '
In view of the decision of tho hlKh«*r
court, however, tho contempt cast's have
been token up again and It mny ho that
before they have nil been »rono .through
with thoro will be othern to occupy tli«
rcll which M(!K«nzlo escnpen only tiecausn
to keep him longer would no to nmko his
pentencfl of a year's Imprisonment a sen
tence Of d.Ttll.
-The first steamer is scheduled . to , sail
from Dawson on June 1. when it is ex
pected that -upward of $1,000,000 In I gold
dust will be brougrhfout.
» ¦ •¦¦¦•; . . •
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 24.— Floods
along the Yukon furnished' the principal
news brought in by ( the steamer Amur
from Skagway to-day. The mining: camp
of Forty Mile was inundated and Cudahy
was flooded. . The damage to the former
place is estimated at . $100,000 and 1 ; com
prises' wrecked warehouses, ruined stocks
and cabins which were. swept away. The
floods occurred on the evening of May 15,
the , waters receding almost as I rapidly as
they rose. Fortunately there were no fa
talities, although . several ' narrow escapes
of occupants of river cabins.' obliged to
flee for. their lives- in the, night, are re-
p °rJi ed \, ¦ • ¦" '¦-¦"
YUKON'S WATERS
CARRY DISASTER
« _
Flood Does 'Damage in
| Forty . Mile, and
Cudahy. •
obedience to and held rcipect for the' lawn
of the land and the decl«fon» of the courts
through which Huch law* mu*t bit enforce
J fH .it « duty which I owi to th« court, -m
well an to my*6lf, to nay to your Uonum thHt
I submitted the matter and en>et and extent
of aakl writ t« my attorney, mid. In (ibldlnjc by
III* counnel I did no without thi hHkIh^m f>rl.
Ing of- animosity or ho»tlllty to your Honor*
or paid court,, and I d«>ilr« to a»surn you Hint
nothing wan further from my mind than to
Inland to ahow dltrMpoct to your Honor* and
the court or Its proceigeg, and further dMlrn
to express my sincere regrets that In follow-
Ing tho court* I did In thn preml««H it han
placed me In the teeming attitude of disre
spect or ' discourtesy, toward your Honors or
said court, which Ittnoct earnestly unsure you
was most foreign to my mind, ¦
Atlhe same time another ' effort wai
made to brinir the matter before the Preii-
Ident, • and this tlmo with more Mucceftfl.
Physician* had been flent over to tho Ala
meda Jail to examine McKenzie, and
their report was that he had heart dlseaite
brought on by worry over his Incarcera
tion., It was required that he bo brought
over to this city to testify In the cases ,
agalnBt Noyes and Geary,-but the phyei- ,
clans declared that he could not be sub
jected to tho ordeal. The President was
assured that If McKenzie were compelled I
to remain longer in prison he could not
survive to the end. of his term.
The President consulted with the Judges
of the Court of Appeals, with the result
that* It was decided to release the pris
oner. It is not a pardon, it is explained,
but a commutation of the sentence. All
the odium of a year in* jail Is still there,"
and it lacks only the time necessary ¦ to
complete the twelve months. The sen
tence was commuted to the length of
time McKenzie had already served,- and
that amounts to a release at once. He
will probably gain his liberty to-day or.to
¦ morrow. • . . ¦ . , • . i
Judge James Wickersham, who has been i
transferred to Judge Noyes' court, was up !
to a year ago a Probate Judge In the State j
of Washington. He was appointed to the •
Eagle City District Court, which has ju
risdiction over the, southern portion of
; Alaska, about a year ago.
THE DISTRICT JUDGE AT CAPE NOME, WHOSE BRAND OF JUSTICE
HAS CAUSED HIS TRANSFER. AND HIS JUDICIAL BROTHER OF
EAGL15 CITY WHO GETS HIS BENCH.
The reference to oil ousmess in Presi
dent Hays' new order was caused by diffi
culty at railroad headquarters In obtain
ing prompt responses to messages sent to
Los Angeles, Bakers.teld, Santa Barbara.
F*resno and*other points where the oil in
dustry has engaged special attention. It
was ascertained or suspected that em
ployes of the company were neglecting
the business of the road In their zeal to
promote private enterprises.
J: A. Fillmore is interested in quarries
and. gravel. beds, ami the order therefore
may include him. It is said to be the
intention of the president in readjusting
the forces of the company to assign Mr.
Fillmore to a new field of duty outside of
the operating department.
W. H. Mills' long term of service with
the Southern Pacific is nearlng a conclu
sion. He was divested of his chief author
ity when . the business of.' Issuing press
transportation was transferred to Mr.
McCormick. He attaches ¦ considerable
importance to his out3lde enterprises, and
would not care to surrender his right to
conduct a newspaper for the privilege of
holding a position of divested responsibil
ity in the railroad company.
Mr. Mills is high spirited and not In
clined to submit to dictation. •
¦R. P. Schwerin of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company Is slated to go.. Per
sonally he Is not held wholly accountable
for the numerous wrecks and appalling
disasters during his administration of af
fairs, but the losses sustained suggest a
change of management. .
Fillmore May Bo Affected.
of the Spring Valley Water Company, the
Gas Company, the Market-street Rail
road Company, the Sharon estate and the
Fair estate, and the political adviser of
Governor Gage. President . Hays', order
means that he must surrender these lu
crative outalde engagements and give his
entire tlmo to tho railroad company or
sond In his resignation as the chief coun
sel of the corporation. A careful study of
the new order shows thnt it applies with
sweeping force to Herrin's range of'out
nl'lit business. It may be suggested that
Mr. Kruttschnitt, In whose Judgment and
loyalty President Hays ha* unbounded
confidence, will not regret Herrln's re
tirement, as the chief lawyer stood in to
protect tuirt advise Division Superintend
ent Wrlcht.
Hallroud men are confident thst John
Mulr of Los Angeles will soon follow t lie
example of Colonel Wright and. resign.
Mulr was the> trusted political mHnnger
of tho company In Southern California,
and ho banked on the support of H. K.
Huntlngton. He did politics to the'natls
fiictlon of the oui r?mme. but his skill in
that llncris no longer required. It Is com
mon talk that Mulr Is "next."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— The precipita
tion of the storm which began shortly be
fore noon was, up to 5 o'clock this even
ing, .46 of an Inch, making a total of 16.05
Los Angeles Reports Al
most a Half-Inch of
- Precipitation.
RAIN DRENCHES
THE SOUTHLAND
UNITED STATES DISTRICT
JUDGE NOYES for the district
of Nome, whose attitude in the
recent mining litigation of that
district has resulted in his being
cited for contempt of tho United States
Circuit Court of Appeals, is to be suspend
ed or transferred to another Jurisdiction
pending the outcome of the contempt pro
ceedings.
Noyes' case has Just been decided upon
by the Judges of the Circuit Court
of Appeals and by the President, ani
Judge James Wickershain of the Eagle
City district has been appointed to fill his
place at Nome.
Following close on this announcement
also comes the news that the sentence
of the former receiver, Alexander McKen
zle, who has been Beveral months in the
Alameda County Jail for contempt simi
lar to that charged against Isuyes, has
been commuted In order that he may be
released from orison, his health belni?
so poor It was feared ho would dig if
confined longer.
The charge of contempt apalnst Judge
Noyes includes also Dudley Duboso and
Thomas J. Geary, the attorney* who nd
vjged McKenzie in the course that k*d him
to jail. This course consisted in dlHouoy-
Inc the writ of tho Circuit Court of Ap
peals, which commanded McKenzlo to re
turn to the owners certain ounces of gold
dust worth about *2u0.000. and forbade tho
District Court to tnko any further pro
ceedings In th« matter. McKenzie <lld nut
return tho sold dunt and for a pood pnrt
of the time Him*'! ho has Ix-cn in jail In
consequence Noyen disregarded tho writ
directed to his court nnd continued to di
rect matters with orders of hlx own, and
he further refused to mako any order en
forcing upon McKcnzl* tho writ of ttupct
pfdefts from the Court of Appeals, as ho
claimed the Court of Appeals had .10 Jur
isdiction in the matter and that in ftny
case the proceedings appointing a receiver
were not appealable from his own court.
The whole ense turned upon the nppolnt
ment of McKenzie by .Noycs to net us re
ceiver of valuable mines then under a lit
igation that gave every appearance of
having been started with an evil purpose,
and an appeal to the Circuit Court of Ap
peals from the order of appointment.
Jlojea' Hasty Order.
In all the litigation that stirred to Its
'depths the temper of the miners of the
north Noyes was looked upon as a party
to a scheme to secure possession of the
richest claims with the aid of the Judi
cial machinery. Noyes had not been
twelve hours in Nome before he appoint
ed McKenzie a receiver of some claims
that rapidly put thousands of dollars In
gold dust into his keeping, and all through
the trouble the attitude of Noyes iJid the
court orders he made were on a oar with
his first order appointing McKenzie before
the vessel that brought him had well set
tled at her anchorage.
McKenzie was tried first and his con
victlcn of contempt was appealed to the
United States Supreme Court, where It
¦was affirmed. Tn the meantime, however,
proceedings against the others Implicated
In the doings at Nome were stopped,
pending the decision of the Supremo
Herrin Will Retire.
; Enforcement of the new' ordpr means
thp rotlrment of W. F. H*rrln.ll« 7» iSS
attorney, of the Southern Pacific, attorney
C. M. Hays, president of the Southern
Pacific Company, his issued this order: >
"No employe of the Southern Pacific
shall be a director or. an officer of an oil
company or of, any other outside corpora
tion, • or engage. In any outside business,
but must give his- entire time to the ser
vice of tho Southern Pacific Company."
Enforcement of the foregoing: order will
compel many well-known employes of the
railroad corporation to leave the service
of the company' or • surrender \ lucrative
employment in other fields. It is accepted
as a certainty that the displacement of J.
B. "Wright from his position as division
superintendent will soon be followed by
other changes of equal or greater note.
The inside story of Colonel Wright's de
thronement constitutes one of the most
interesting chapters in the history of a
sreat , corporation in politics. He served
the company .ably, and with rare discre
tion. He knew the public men of Cali
fornia and understood how to deal with
lt?t/J£ k D ro 8X a mmers and the smooth
«iin«f^ m » n "/i *! ore °ver ho was a -capable
nf P h£?H 7 d , ent , a . nd managed the affairs
?ertX hv l0 tV aIr^ y Y e »-. Politics, as di-
S^L by the u h< ; ad of the company,
H«i m »h d » S0 T much of. his time and atten
tion that -Julius Kruttschnitt remonstrat
m/ n n f d nim, cte , d Colonel Wright* to keep
2. u i«?, flP0 ! ltlcai combinations and attend
strictly, to railroading. This remon
fE^ C n B J ad f some "me before Pres-
AVr7 l >,9-ir-,. Hl i ntlngtC)n -P assed away, and
nnmfo« £ eH CT* th at the leader of tho
company s affairs expected him to protect
and a nys , interests In Sacramento
a 2m,?i y h f re l? thozone of his influence,
Tn t*nt e( \, to , Knmschnltt's instructions,
in fact, he declined to obey the order of
the manager,. and appealed to W. F. Her
rn «rfv? P1 ?°W h«s ( disobedience HeT
tS..*?£^ 8 wV. Wrl f ht to pay no heed to
d/nt tt £ ch 5 1 U>'°. r i de1 / holding. that Presi-
Itv V^n-^'-i"""! 1 /^* 10 "' a higher author
ty expected polities to be cared for by
tho division superintendent.
H;;Hn n n!H°T? on .5 lot .! n F instructions of
Herrin and KruttschnlU were passed up
toi^-H 6 ,P ro8 ( 1( lent. Mr. IJuntlncrton miii-
, tnln e1 Herrin, Hdvislnr Wright to pro-
, Pct t h « com pany . fl Interests n the fuiSo
HB Jl a h « fl Protected -them in tho past.
hr^ «t K iK»J"hW ¦ nothing more to
vr"'.. tna t time, but later on, after Mr
jmn.v a HfTaJrs,. hcrego ved to r«new his
efforts to eliminate political work from
Colonel WrlRhfs «iipnrt m "n 'Ho V".
nnwen them with ruccom Tis iW n wab
not n a portion to checkmate him. Th"
Inside; Story of the Initial Clash Be
tween < Manager Kruttschnitt
, and the iDecapltated Division -
Superintendent.
Herrin, Chief Counsel, Ex
pected to Resign or Give
•„.,•.'¦ Up Outside Work.
Fate of J. B. Wright Re
served for; Others in
High Places.
HAY'S ORDER
FORESHADOWS
A
SHAKE-UP
SCANDAL HINTED
AT IN AFFIDAVIT
Fire Department Officers
Make Interesting
Statements.
Motion for the Inspection of
Maxwell's Books Is Filed
in Court.
Bfttulton Chief Dolan also r<>m*mb*r«
th* payment to Dougherty ot $1400 "for
collective interests of the association.'
Moreover. he remember* the payment In
lpno of 11203 to banquet the upper men in
nfflee. Perhaps the nick, sore and needy
frit much better after the big men in the
upper office were banqueted, but as to
that feeling the affiant Dolan is silent.
The motion to Inspect receipts and ac
counts of the old association will be heard
on demurrer In Department 12. Superior
Court, Tuesday. May 28, at 10 a. m.
M. J. Dolan, battalion engineer. say» in
hie affidavit that he was treasurer of the
association in 1W0. It is hi« recollection
that the book showing disbursement of
r.Khodation raonpv contains an entry of
the payment In 1853 of $900 to the "com
mittee on legislation for use in the I^egin
lature." DolaJi does not aver that this
payment alleviated dl»tre«s among the
sick and disabled of the department. No
doubt it wan a great boon to *un>rinB
nvmbeni of the Ban Francl»co delegation
In the IveginJatur*.
74r. Dofan's r*fjvihed memory recalls
nnflther Item dignifying the payment of
XSfci for the 'Vngrowment of resolution*
In favor of 8am Bainey." The affidavit
doc* not dwell on tin- beauty and extent
of th* tribute to Mr. Ralney'n private
rhurfcctrr und public service, but logical
nudy of th« turn persuade* on« to the
conclusion that the testimonial must h&vo
combined elfgancft with marvelous ampli
tude to have cost S3S5 for engrossment
alon*. '
Honey Paid Out
7 he proposed new protective association
which Is supposed to be Inspired by Phe
lan promises the substantial benefit of $10
a week to the disabled firemen, and also
holds out assurance that the "boys" may
In the future express their wishes as to
the management of the association by se
cret ballot. • The eld association as man
need by Sam Rainey and George Maxwell
places the votlns power In the foremen of
the respective engine companies.
The Fire Commissioners are the defend
ants In the suit instituted by Maxwell to
perpetuate the old association, and these
rfefendnnts. through JJoyd & Wood and
J. C. McKlnetry, now ask the court for
the right to Inspect the books and ac
counts of the old Mutual Aid Association
of the Fire Department. The motion is
backed by affidavits of an interesting
character. J. Dougherty, assistant chief
engineer. Is one of the affidavit makers.
His memory goes back to 1S89. He calls
to mind that $1400 or $1500 was paid to
George F. Maxwell in that year for pri
mary election purposes. The measure of
benefit conveyed to the Blck and suffering
by this disbursement is not set forth In
the affldaxit. The payment was entered
on the books as money expended "for col
lective interests of the association."
Makes Big Promises.
Affidavits filed In the Superior Court
yesterday hold out a promise that many
Jmportant political secrets of the Fire De
partment of San Francisco may soon be
revealed to an eager public. Some time
arc George F. Maxwell brought a suit
to restrain the tire Commissioners from
dissolving the San* Francisco Fire Depart
ment Mutual Aid Association and creat
ing a new protective society. The impres
sion exists that Mayor Phelan Is behind
the new organization, manipulating the
by-laws and providing conditions of mem
bership that will exclude from the society
Georpe F. Maxwell and others . who are
not active members of the Fire Depart
ment. When the true history of the last
municipal campaign is recorded it will be
written truthfully that Phelan entered
Into a league with politicians of the Fire
Department wherein it was agreed that
Mas well should be retained in office as
secretary of the Commissioners under the
new charter. The covenant with the poli
ticians was broken by Phelan for reasons
best known to himself, hence Maxwell
was turned out. \
THE SAN .FRANCISCO : CAJSL& SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1901;
Pending Contempt Proceedings Against Him He Is to
Be Suspended===McKenzie's Sentence Commuted.
NOYES WILL DEAL OUT NO MORE
LAW TO MINERS OF CAPE NOME
Having: been I adjudged In contempt by your
honorable body In disobeying a certain writ
of supersedeas issued out of the above court,
and . as one who ; has ¦ hitherto always ¦ rendered
16
Sal 6 ' 8 * . j Hale's.
Ohildfenls Hats
. Fresh in style— /^^^0^0^
To-day ¦ we'll make quite a "spread" of chil- '^^^^/^^^^^^^^>
dren's hats. The values and assortments arc i^^^^rS?5^fc^s^^^
3O hats at SI. 50. fB|2-.
25 r hats* rt at 40 S3-OO. .-^m^^'^^.
(Worth J3.0O and $6.00.) ;
They are all simply and tastefully tHmmed.
Stvlich Kid ninvpc
At Modest Prices*.
Satisfactory gloves— they'll ' not disappoint you; they'll not look shabby
or cheap after a few days' wearing. ¦'
We regard your satisfaction as much a part of the transaction as your
money.. ~ / • ¦«, '• . /_
French Kid Suedes ST. oO^-over seam The Marvel S2.f)O-a washable glovo
gloves in black and the pastel shades and guaranteed to wash— they are the
or mode andgxay — they are made of kind that will not soil with perspira-
real French . kid— very stylish and tlon and made of fine French kid-
dressy. . pique style in such colors as tan and
A Noveltv Glove fit.SO-ln Dent fac- mode, mastique, white and black,
simile— fastened with a large pearl but- Our Cap« Gloves St.OO— a Dent f ac-
ton — come in, the new shades of oak simile— fastened with one larsre pearl
and mahogany — an excellent ¦wearing claso— verjf stylish — comes In the regru-
glove. |1.50. ¦ ¦ A , . lar Dent shades.
A Misses' Glove 81. OO— mado of good lambskin— fastened with two clasps-
comes In a good line of colors. „? \
Interest Centers in 50c Veilings.
> Partly because the styles are so new and partly because there are so
many of them. Many new arrivals are added to the collection to-day. New
meshes in a variety of styles, fancy and plain meshes with chenille, velvet
and self dots in black and white, magpie and gray mixed.. "
11 ? ch Hi?i lle wi^L d Tuxedo Meshes-wlth silk Persian dots
silk embroidered dots in white, black. . ««^.».i^_*4«^ rAMur tt«-t«xt
blue, brown and white with black dots. ai ? d combination COMPLEXION
Black Brussels Nets-in plain and VEILING AT 50e A YARD,
dotted. , ', .— ;
Stylish Black Stockings.
Are here in a magnificent variety. This lacy idea seems to have caueht
women's fancy with a firm hold. Our hosiery chief, was quick to catch on,
too. The stock now reflects all th« lacy fashions, among .which are:
Lace L'ele Hose 25c Pair. Pin Wheel Fancies 35c Palp.
With vertfcal . lace openwork running: 3 stvlea— plain black and white, blue or
from ankle to top— smooth lisle finish — red "Hk pin wheels embroidered on the
deep glossy black— sizes 8 to 10— very J" s teP. also red srround with white or
pretty with an Oxford shoe-price 25c. %%<* d % h^SS or^ed WWS2
Imported In^i*a!n Hose 35c Pr. new and stylish— 35c
Genuine ingrain lisle — Hermsdorf dye— Black Lace Lis'e ¦ Hose 5Oc Pp.
fine quality in . three popular styles — 20 styles lmrjorted Marie 1««» n«i> Vi«— _
Richelieu. Rembrant and Bedford drop zigzag patSrajh-HeraSdort? blirk fltl
for Juns are ffl^-Lfci ¦ -~^^ °or June'Trl
here. . . . . . -*"=* ti^^Qo OOOP^^^ • /, ere
* * '• ¦»¦ '• *
Weak Men and Women
W HOUIiD USE : DAMIAN'A BITTKR9. .THE
>-* weat Mexican remedy; gives health < and
strength to sexual organs. Depot,' 323 MaxkaC
14 BIG BARGAINS
TO-DAY.
WOMEN'S . CHAMBRAY WAISTS,
32. tucks ¦ front and back, Qr'
bishop sleeves; $1 value; on. hnR
¦ sale ¦ UUU
WOMEN'S S A I LOR'BLOUS E
WAISTS, combined with Bo- Qt nc
¦..lerp..of M whlte pique; all Al./h
colors; $2 value; on sale VlifcU
WOMEN'S WHITE WAISTS, made of
India linen; .front of all-over Ve-
netian lace; tucked back; flO#*
bishop sleeves;, $1 75 value;. on JJoQ
. VVOMEN"? NHHT «OWVS.
Mado of best muslin, trimmed A n A
with double rows of embroid- tLjR
ery Insertion;, 65c value; on sale " ww
GOWNS made of best cambric; seven
styles to select from: trimmed in a
variety of effects with hemstitching,
tucklngr. or lace; nfl/i
.many .-of this lot are worth HllC
double; on sale...... wuu
WOMBN!S WHITE *KIRTS.
Made of best muslin; clusters of tucks
in ruffle and trimmed with- flr.
double row of linen lace and HflC
insertion; worth $1 60; on sale. wwu
LINEN OV^RSKIRTS. \
Cut full and nicely • trimmed I'.flfl.
only a small lot to sell; 65c VIM G
quality; on sale .¦ ww
AN UN^** *? SKIRT «PHCI4L.
MERCERIZED SATEEN SKIRTS;
looks like silk, wears better; flounce
lined and trimmed with three nr«
small ruffles; $1 50 quality; on HilC
sale .."...."..............:.......... ¦ ww
COBfiBTB" CAINS.
THOMPSON'S :." STRAIGHT FRONT
MILITARY CORSET; as Qt (\f\
\ pood as you pay SI 50 else- A I
where for;our price...... 'T •
To-day we'll sell you anymake 7C«
or style of SHORT HIP COR- inR
SETS, the usual $1 corset, at.. '
TWO HO'IFRY «N*P«?.
Our 25c • quality CHILDREN'S FINE
RIBBED HOSE, double knee. |r.
.heel and toe; ; sizes 5 to: 9%:- inn
S on sale..:..:...............:....... - .*?
Cur 33c WOMEN'S 'SILK FIN- : ihn
ISH WHITE FOOT HOSE; on |HC
sale ..:;............¦;:........:.:... IW T
WOMAN'S: SUMmfp IJV'EPWEAR.
SLEEVELESS V.ESTS.- any' in.
shade; all sizes: the usual 20c 1 1 111
kind;. on sale .;...:...........:.: '"y
VV OMEN'S LONG SLEEVE ICi»
VESTS: medium weight; usual IHR
'25c kind; on sale*..:.........:;.. •'¦ '"•.
WOMEN'S' PINK OR BLUB 00ft
IX)NG SLEEVEVESTS; usual . /oC
. 35c kind; on sale........-...;...:.. - fcWW
THREE BIG RIBBON f*P*Cl*L8.
No. 40. 'ALL SILK TAFFETA |n A
RIBBON; every color;, regrular. IIJC
¦- price 20c; on. sale.' per yard.. .. iV "*
. No. • 80. - ALL SILK TAFFETA I f| #»
RIBBON; all: colors ;•; regular • IHR
.price C5c;on sale, per yard.... w .r
No. ' ¦ 60. - FANCY • SILK TAFFETA
: RIBBON: nthe. very ¦; newest color-
" ings; striped, effects; regu- ; if) n
lar, price, . 20- cents;: on |/«C
sale, per, yard ;:.*.;. V...... ; .-... ,.*^ w
MnHpyFr in". VAY.'iWS&SXBBm
On: sal© to-day. CHIFFON VEILINGS
that, are sold ; elsewhere at- 50c per
•yard; air, colors, in plain or f\£/C
dotted , meshes;;. our price to- ./nC
day,\per yard'... r.T."... ;"..:..... fcV '**
The .present J condition* of-' our : * WOMEN'S
' WRAPPER 1 DEPARTMENT .:• U ;-w«>U
'¦. worth your inspection. Our : 4Sc. l)Sc
' and 91.2JJ Wrappers; are well: made and
-•'•' beautifully .'.trimmed with , braids, . linen
laces and insertion. .
1212^1214 ST.,
Bat. TaylorandJoEoi. \
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar. IS lbs 1 . $1.00
> Sugar ipeclal Saturday only.
Best Eastern, L Bros.' brand, Hams. . A2h
Every H»m »uar*nte«d. n#», 13c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .321c
Fln« Butter our motto. r>« 40e.
POINT. REYES CREAMERY, square... 30o
New U the ttm« t* h«v« your Cutter \
rack«d for wtnttr. Rffutar 13c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen .20o
Oathered dally. Her. 22c.
ZIN KANDEL, in stone jug. gallon 75o
Extra vintage 1S32. Rer. »1.W.
TOMATOES, COLUMBUS BRAND, 4 can? 25o
Tomatoes special Saturday only.
J. H. FLECKINGER PRUNES, 8 lbs. . .25c
Best of French Prunes. Reg. 5c lb.
Eastern Buckwheat Flour, 10-lb sack. . .25o
Limit 2 sacks. Res.' 43c.
IRISH and SCOTCH -WHISKY, qt. lot.^LOO
Imported from Belfast. Rer. 11.25.
BROMANGELON DESSERT JELLY, pkg.lOo
Reg. 15c package. \
NEW MILD CALIFORNIA CHEESE... lSo
Regrular 3>c lb.
CATSUP,- L. Bros.' Brand, large bot. . .12Jj
Kins: of all. Reg. 15c.
JESSE MOORE AA, qt. bot 90o
Bourbon 'Whisky. Reg. $H0t
CH0IC2 FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb sack. . .80o
Reg. 90c sack.
SALAD DRESSING, My Favorite Brand. 25e
Reg. Kc bottle.
MUSTOMAT, DAINTY TABLE SAUCE. .25«
Reg. 35c bottle.
SOAP," Perfect Bleaching/ 15 cakes 50a
Reg. 6 cakes 23c.
TABLE FRUITS, Extra, 3 cans.-.' 50o
Peaches, Pears. Apricots. Reg. 23c can.
WEBB'S COCOA," half-pound can 12^5
Res. 20c.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these special sales.
We shiu free of charge with every $5 or
• more within 10O miles. Ask for monthly
price list— free.
1348-1354 Market Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. . No Branch Stores.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
. DRINK
twymitiH
Best NATURAL Alkaline Y^'oter.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma- '¦¦¦)
dera County.
For particulars address FARM. 313 Market
Street. S. F. ' ¦
DR.MCNULTY.
fVHIS WkilJ>KXOWN AND RIXIABLE OLD
.1 Sp*cU!l»te«r£»B!oo<1 Poison, GonorrhcBH.GWt,
Stricture, S;m)i1uuI \Vi«kn«s». IcapotPtKaand their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseaxpx of Meur. frt-c.
Ovi»r20rf ars'^xperience.Tprm^ reasonable. Hours
9to3(ially;6:3nto8.S0ov')?'«. Hund:»T^,lOto li O>nr.ul-
tatJonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddrcs*
. p. noscoE 2X«xui.ty;si:d.
26 V» KearnySU San Jfc'rannl»AA.CsS*
Oirr nnUfll Corner Fourth and
CAFr Hi ft --p--%-:
Ulll L IIU 1 Tli- ¦»«n«l J^»r.
¦ - ... £c Overcoats and
. valises checked free.
: i"h!s label s'ands for iiouie industry; it s on every Standar. :
| Shirt; it represents the output of California labor. • §
| There isn't another shirt made anywhere that can equal, price fo |
= price, the excellence of style, making and material of the shirt I
: that hear the "STANDAR D'Mabel. ¦ =
| For sale at all leading furnishing and dry Roods stores. =
I NEUSTADTER BROS,, J
I KAKUFAC7URCRS. :
| saw rn*xrrsro. caj^.