VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 123.
SAX JOSE, April 1.— Because
two lines of glittering steel
reach out from' the city,
through orchards and lieids and
valleys, over mountains and
plains nnd on into ths East,
San Jose has tossed its hat
Into the air and 13 -hysterical in its
rejoicing. From being a wayside town it
has become a city on the main line, with
a future as bright as its own glorious
sunshine.
blended with the lighter tints of ferns and
palms arid lilies, arid! the surrounding
orchards were robbed of their*, choicest
blossoms to add ¦ their fragrance and
beauty to the tables, .the walls and mir
rors, around the windows and screens and
everywhere taste suggested. The main
table was set in the form of a horseshoe,
and in the inner bend a pyramid of flow
ers, studdedwith lights, bore an engine
of red and white blossoms." .
The guests "assembled in" the lobby and
queting and the , aftermath . of , speechifying
bring -to him mixed feelings of - desire .and dis
tress—a": little -: more 'distress . than \ppetlte,
Eomething like the experience of the small boy
¦ who, cannot ; resist, loading: his . stomach i -with
plum pudding and 1 Icecream,' knowing It 'will be
'followed by; a dose' of. castor oil. . .To my mind
It would .be a just -application of the law of
compensation If all. after-dinner speeches were
dull; and stupid, In -order.' that, the trembling,
. sweating i speaker might ' have the . satisfaction
of knowing -, thatj; his' auditors were • suffering
as much as he. Is it any wonder, then, Mr.
-'• • Continued on Second Page.
: '¦ ¦ ' - " " ? - - ¦,;./¦' —"IV J " • •
*"¦¦ • ¦ ' v - •" '
cers and forty-four men, with forty-five
rifles, at Slalabon, and Colonel Herrara,
three officers and twenty-five men with
rifles at Lacuna, and Colonels Pablo. Tex-
Eon ar.d Sibul, at Bulacan.
'WASHINGTON, April l.-A dispatch
from General MacArthur states that the
transport "Wyeland arrived at Manila
March 28, and the Ping Suey March 29.
Several asterisks used at the bottom of
the dispatch Indicate that it contained
other information, ¦which the department
did not care to make public. It is under
stood that the omitted portion related to
ders include General Gonzales, eleven offi-
Leaders of Insurgents Continue to
Give TJp the Struggle.
MANILA, April 1.— The recent surren-
GOXZALZS HAS SURRENDERED
Just ¦ at ; midnight Mr. ; Hale ; arose ¦'¦! and
claimed the : attention of the guests.' It
was a momentous occasion for: San 1 Jose,
he'sald;' this' closing of : the gap,'' arid 'uo
A band; played -all the evening, 1 *; the: ser
vice was excellent, no glass or plate was
aHowed ;• to . remain '. empty longer, than] It
took to- fill' It again, and the banquet. went
smoothly as a wedding breakfast arid just
as; sociably. .
O. A.iHale, who presided, took his seat
at the ' head of the table, facing the
pyramid' of 'flowers and the floral engine.
At his 'right, sat J. C. Stubbs, third vice
president of the Southern .Pacific Com
pany, and at his left was Julius Krutts
chnitt, general , manager of the Southern
Pacific. . Then along on either, hand ; sat
the other railroad officials with members
of the committee of arrangements, and on
down both wings of the -horseshoe sat the
guests from the town and county/:"
President Hale's Welcome.
*— ——- — —±
the social . hall of the hotel, where they
renewed " old friendships and found new
ones. -Then, after -9 o'clock, they were
marshaled in twos and threes and groups
of five and cix and .were escorted to the
banquet -hall, where they were- received
and seated by a committee composed . of
M. G. , Alexander, Thomas A. Graham, S.
F. LeibirR. W. Hersey. W. C. Andrews;
J. D.- Miner, C. M.' Wooster/ M. H. Hy
land/Joseph H. Rucker, Mitchell Phillips;
V. A. Scheller, J. D." Radf ord, F. K. Led
yard and Alfred Holmaji.
¦ Judge ] J.~. R. ;• Lewis .was '. then >• introduced
as toastmaster -of -the : evening:.; He said
a^few^words upon '.the situation,' which was'
a "thrbuph r train •' from > San " Francisco* to
New .York by-way, of Sail Jose/'JlTien he"
introduced > J. C. : r S tubbs, who >., w as V: re '
ceiyed ¦! with "applause, i Mr. : Stubbs spoke
ai" f 6lldw3 "upon "The Occasion We Ceie
bfate :" ; _V:- -^ : ¦'.., J\ : ;? <.."~.V ."'- :
'¦-. To ', the : unpractised (person, who . must \ feast
. with* an undelivered speech on* his rnind,^ ban!"
"The " Occasion ' We ;'. Celebrate."
Judge : Rhodes '.spoke briefly/but .there
was 'no doubt of ; the genuineness -of the
'welcome which he ''extended.''* He- present-;
ed ; bouquets of •¦ large J proportions^ to - thV
officers of '.the' Southern^ Pacific. Company
and to . the !compariy; itself.' He referred to
the remark that' the railroad charged, "all
the .traffic would '-bear.".;' and 7 in; that 'con^
nectlon he sald;It" ; was -not a'bad ' policy
when run In a spirit of "enlightened sel
fishness, and- self-interest.'.'- -He remem
bered the time .when but; twojtralris a'day
ran between Sari. Francisco', and' San' Jose ,~
and the fare was $2,' and he said he looked
forward ' to the time when ' there would be
a" double track .• between V. the* two .¦• cities;
and trkiris running on a one-hour schedule
and with but one stop on the way. c.-':';f '-'^
,; The h"*st . toast -Mr. - Hale proposed j was
'.'Welcome," and he asked Judge A. • Li."
Rhodes to respond • to it. ¦ : f
amount -of .- enthusiasm" could , the
attention It demandcd.'.He referred. to. the
death of 'Collis:- P.'. Huntington 'and 'of •, the
loss it was to the company he' had guided
so long, and . he complimented Charles M. •
Hays, jthe' man* chosen »to. succeed him.*
He ' referred ' brieflyj to the . city ¦: of San
Jose" and its railroad history. • : ;t-H
vr-'When, "la" August last/ In the 1 maturity, of
mind and experience which comes to few men
upon 'earth, the ' zenith "^f. power, having
reached the, highest pinnacle success, own-
Ing no man his equal In the lofty and difficult
path of hls'llfe's, pursuit.' having the prospect
and promise of; many years/because the high
purpose'of his .will ' and : energy could not ad-
mit ; that -there 'was - an , end to all ¦ earthly
things— when'. ; under •_. these ; - r circumstances . he
was '; suddenly ¦¦ called , to another, sphere, < I ' felt
that i I ' could i never .'again raise " my . voice ;? on
the ; banquet floor ' without*, choking . with '.-. the
memories of ¦ that wonderful ; man." whose '; heart
was . as • large as his - brain, ; whose • gentleness
and ;. forbearance .with ' the . weak ' and :' erring
were, as god-like as the work "of -his • master
mind,', which Is ; graven .upon ¦ every • mountain,'
written. in every. valley, of California. ¦-.' ¦ '•
I • Mn 'Chairman.' I . know, that .the' speaker who
opens 'his address with anj apology* or an a.llu-'
slon to ' ielf violates . the : canons of : good r taste.
I i have done ' so to-night ' for the purpose ; of in-^
t rodudns ' a. : nam# - that : ought not t to • be and
cannot be disassociated from the undertaking
Tribufe ; to the ; Dead.
Chairman, that ¦ I . should -: disclaim the posses
sion -of th« charm and facility of the post
prandial orator— that I should confess to you
and^wam: this "goodly company that I cannot
make' a I speech j jTaJfteri dinner? '. I have never
tried to " do . It, ' except at " a certain set of pri
vate functions. In the presence of one host,'
surrounded ¦ by, his • official family, his
countenance adorned ' by.' the kindly ¦ eye and
grenlal'Emlle of warmest hospitality. Less than
a year . ago . I j stood In i that - presence, • amidst
such 6U rroundlngs, * making my latest i attempt
at- speech-making. : ". The j host was the '. first
man > who j had ever ."encouraged .' me- to ; try . It,'
and, with the exception of 'your, honored toast
master.-the, only man I ever cared to please by
trying., -• ! -. ..-- ,- .
monuments ' to . their j memory. He remained
the ' last of '. these ; four, remarkable men, the
last to yield his grasp upon material things.
It was fitting that he, the first *m life, should
be the last in death; that he should, be left
to complete the great systems which .they had
together conceived • and ¦ p'anned. The closing
of the gap in the .coast lLie, . the event which
we are - now celebrating, ' finished ' that work.
-I ¦wish It to be understood . that I have never
seen ' and cannot now ; see ' any ¦ evil • resulting
to - me I or to - mine, ', to; you for to * yours, v to
California cr to the country, at large,' from the
works'of Mr.* Huntington, but ' everywhere ' and
everything that -has proceeded from his large
measure; the * accomplishment by- the - number
of miles of rails ' laid," or by the physical and
financial difficulties overcome In their con
struction.
- In < Hfe he '. led . his eminent - associates, for
Judged by their works which shall remain
and ever, endure, . measured by the courage
which was * required to taka up the £ Central
Pacific Railroad' scheme, the ends obtained
weighed by .the . difficulties and discourage
ments encountered, they * were all of them—
Huntington. Stanford, Crocker and Hopkins
great : and strcng men. and the : second and
third generation following them will build
.' The plans were made, the contracts for'grad
ing and bridging 1 , for ties and rails, were ne
gotiated,-the money. was provided for, all'be
fore his death, so that as a mater of fact we
are -to-night 'commemorating the last " feat of
railroad construction performed by the great
est-railroad builder In the world, whether you
Overcame Many Difficulties.
when . railroad construction had ceased every
where throughout the country-rcontlnued sim
ply because: he had- promised that -.the . work
should proceed uninterruptedly to a finish.
Within palms, brakes and ferns and: the
feathery f oliagre of the bamboo - hid • cor-T
ners and stairways and clung to' the
moldings and along the In. the
banquet hall th'e . dark green of the - ivy
What the decorator's art could do for
the Hotel Vendome was done. Outside
among the trees Chinese lanterns'twin
kled in their brilliant colors, and around
the porch of the building the pillars and
eaves were outlined in the gleam of In
candescent lamps. Lanterns hung over
all the walks and driveways and in every
shady nook and bower, and the moon
scattered the- clouds before her and lent
the added glamour of her light to ' tne
scene.
The first through train came in and
cut of San Jose yesterday, and to-night
around the banquet table railroad of
ficials, guests from all over the State and
the citizens of this jubilant .city are still
looking into the future through the bot
tom of their glasses and toasting the
prosperity and the coming progress of the
Garden City. " The banquet was given by
the citizens of Santa Clara County,
through the Santa Clara Valley Improve
ment Club and the Farmers' Club. ,* It
was the most important affair of the
year, and as a social event It was un
equaled.
Beauty of the Decorations. , .
It was more than a "gap closed" for
San ' Jose. It was the weld that made
the rod a ring, the link that . made the
chain a circle; it was the last, thing need
ed to bind San Jose to the East with
bands of Iron, and to make of the flower
garden— the Santa Clara Valley— a place
with possibilities which no man can at
tempt to estimate.
scene. at the banquet to southern pacific officials in' honor of the completion of the
coast'ra'ilwat line,' and some; men of. prominence who participated in the festivities
. ¦ PROVIDED' BY SAN; JOSE'S LEADING" CITIZENS. . :'"Vv: : V'- !
whose \ completion we are celebrating. It Is
the name of C. P. Huntington.' late president
of .,Jhe Southern' Pacific Company, to whom
more than to any other, human being we owe
this occasion. It was Mr. Huntington who.
In behalf of his associates, encased with the
citizens "of . Santa Barbara , to close the gap
coast line at a time when money was scarce,
the credit of railroad corporations bad, -when
there was no market for railroad securities. ¦ It
was he who kept steadily at work, under condi
tions that would have discouraged a man of
less dauntless energy, of. less fidelity • to his
word— continued even when, as he thought,
it ; might prove to be that but one shovelful fit
earth could be thrown In a day, when his per
sonal, credit and j the credit of his associates
were strained almost to the breaking point,
Southern Pacific Officials and Men of J Prominence: From All Sections of California Par
ticipate in a Banquet at the- Veri^ Extended
to the Garden City on Its Wi^igmifMfBM, 'Main 'Line" town.
¦. • - : .; • : .;;. ;-, • • v-v.: •- ¦> •'¦ ;^. •>*>:: '-..¦v-ivf.- • ¦¦. ¦ . . ; ' : ; ¦¦ ; >'-.?* A *''¦-.-. -: '¦¦•• ¦¦'-'¦','-. - : ¦¦¦\-.. >' - ¦¦%.:¦.-" .•_.••¦¦¦¦•-.;••. ¦¦. - - - - . ._ .-.--.¦; - ; • ¦ ¦ .' •
.*« 4. : : i »% ¦ — . ¦ ¦ — — «T
Lost in the Bay.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 1.— The, Bee will
print an "interview to-morrow with an
army officer just returned from th« Philip
pines, who describes the method by which
Goods Stolen at Manila Reported ai
Lost in Transportation.
. ""When not required for reissue, the reg
ulations say savings may be sold to any
person. Of course, It would not be pos
sible to put thousands of bags of flour on
the market, as reported this morning, by
merely observing the privilege granted by
army regulations. Some things have been
lost in transportation to the Philippines,
but so far aa I am Informed nothing has
disappeared from the warehouse in Ma
nila." •*
General "Weston added that he has the
highest confidence In Colonel 'Woodruff,
who was "a capable, energetic and thor
oughly honest officer."
Captain Frederick J. Barrows, Thirtieth
Volunteer Infantry, one of the officers al
leged to be Involved In, the frauds, Is not
a commissary officer, although he may
have been appointed acting commissary.
He was appointed from Minnesota, hav
ing the . support of the entire -'Minnesota
delegation, and especially that of the late
Senator Davis. His father la a wealthy
lumberman of Minneapolis. "
HOW THD5 TBJ.CK. IS DOTTE.
No Extensive Frauds.
General Weston refuses to believe there
have been extensive frauds, and . sees no
way in which they could have been com
mitted without his finding It out. He said
to-day:
"Not a whisper of anything: of the kind
has reached me. I received some threa
days ago a dispatch from Colonel Wood
ruff, chief commissary of the, Philippines,
reporting the amount of stores on hand,
and to-day similar messages reached me.
Neltiier contains any reference to the al
leged frauds. It ia " not surprising that
flour and bacon bearing the Government
mark- should be .found outside of army
posts and commissary^ stores, , .T^ieae. axe
two articles which S especially t contribute
to a company's savings. Under army reg
ulations certain ' articles • of rations due
and not used by a company can be sold
by company officers and the money thus
obtained deposited In the company's fund.
,
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, April l.-The Manila
reports of frauds in the commissary de
partment of the United States army In tha
Philippines created conslderabla conster
nation to-day at the War Department
AH knowledge of frauds was denied by
Secretary Root and Brigadier General
Weston, the commissary general, and
hope was expressed that the thefts would
not reach the magnitude described In thfl
dispatches. - General MacArthur has been
asked to report promptly on the. facts.
But the War Department i3 prepared
for almost any developments. It is ad
mitted that for a Ions time supplies in
considerable Quantities have been lost in
transportation to the Philippines. Every
loss has been investigated, but It has been
found impossible' to fix the responsibility
or trace the property. No one would ba
surprised if the inquiry now on foot un
covered a conspiracy, beginning at the
point of shipment on the Pacific Coast and
ending in the bakeshops and hotels of
Manila.
¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Great Consternation Caused
by Reports of Frauds
¦ at Manila.
Goods for Philippines
Lost in Transit
to Islands.
MAY TRACE
CONSPIRACY
FROM COAST
SAN JOSE AND HER SCORES OF GUESTS JOIN
IN CELEBRATING THE PASSING OF THE FIRST
TRAINS OVER THE NEW GOAST RAILROAD
the throne's decision, in the presence of
the unanimous advice of the chief pro
vincial officials, was Irrevocable, and that
the Manchurian convention could not be
signed.
"In spite of her threats, Russia seems
disinclined to slam the door. Negotia
tions between Li Hung Chang and M. de
Giers were certainly proceeding yesterday
¦when M. de Giers agreed to several for
mal amendments of the text. Russia's
cynicism and bold diplomacy appears for
once to have overreached Itself."
Russia's Diplomacy Appears to Have
Overreached Itself.
LONDON. April 2.— Dr. Morrison, wir
ing from Peking to the Times, March 2S,
says:
"The Yangtse Viceroys have carried the
dey. LI Hung Chang, who wired Tues
day urging Emperor ICwang Su to recon
sider his decision, received an answer that
that China must sign or take the conse
quence of a termination of her friendlj
relations with Russia.
TREATY IS. NOT SIGNED.
¦unmistakable indication in China that if
this course is persisted In there may 'be
an interruption of diplomatic relations be
tween Russia and China and a .termina
tion cf the present intercourse between
them. This is little short of an ultimatum
Russian Government, being seriously per
turbed by the course of China in not sign
ing the Manchurian agreement, largely
because of the protest made by the sev
eral powers, has conveyed a distinct and
leims within which the signature of the
Mar.churian agreement is demanded ex
pires Wednesday. The confidence that the
treaty will be accepted substantially in Its
present form is apparently unshaken here,
though no positive prophecies are made.
WASHINGTON. April 1.— Information
has reached here to the effect that the
Little Short of Ultimatum.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 1.— The new
twelve articles of the modified Manchu
rian treaty, says the convention is incon
sistent with China's complete sovereignty
and full rights, although the Czar pre
viously wrote to the Emperor that he de
sired to present no obstacle to Chinese
sovereignty and declared the Chinese ad
ministration would be restored In every
respect to the conditions prevailing prior
to the Russian occupation of Manchuria.
The Emperor declares that under the pro
visions of the treats'* the' Chinese* admin
istration is not restored to the status quo.
He further says if Chinese sovereignty
In Manchuria is lost other powers- will be
stimulated to take action similar to Hus
eia and the integrity of China be no
longer maintained. His Majesty beseeches
the Czar to restore Manchuria and act
with benevolence and righteousness 1 1
prevent calamities befalling the empire,
and thus win the gratitude of the Em
peror and myriads of the people.
It is caid that the Emperor has instruct
ed the Chinese plenipotentiaries not to
«ign the Manchurian convention, even in
b. modified form.
CMnese Emperor's Appeal.
PEKING. April 1.— The Emperor, reply
ing to a note from the Czar regarding the
BERLIN*. April 1.— The Berliner Tage
blatt publishes the following dispatch
from Shanghai: The German first class
battleship Weissenberg has started from
Shanghai toward Nankin and the north,
her purpose being to impress the Chinese
and the allies that Germany means to
preserve and heighten her prestige and
Interests In the YangtEe Valley. The gun
boat Tiger has relieved the Iltis at Han
kau, ¦where the Iltis stayed five .months
because of the shallowness of the Yang
tze at that point.
Robber Bands Active.
A dispatch to the Cologne Gazette from
6t. Petersburg, dated April 1, says robber
bands. Boxers and Chinese soldiers have
been causing fresh disturbances in Man
churia in the neighborhood of Changtu-
Fu. General Kaulbars Is strengthening
the railroad military posts between Kar
bin and Changtu-Fu. General Kaulbars
has asked Governor General Gredokoff to
6end reinforcements, as a general revival
of the Boxer movement Is expected In the
spring.
The Russian garrison at Tsitsibar has
b«?en compelled to camp outside owing to
the decomposing bodies of those who were
killed during the cold weather or who per
ished cf hunger.
Germany Sends War
Vessel to Nankin
and North.
. »
Celestial Emperor Makes
Appeal to Czar as to
Manchuria.
TO IMPRESS
THE CHINESE
AND ALLIES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 12,; 1901.
the Government has been robbed of hun
dreds of thousands of dollars In army
stores. The officer's name Is not given,
but the statement Is authentic He says
In part: . .-'.'¦
Somebody la m&klcr himself rich at the ex*
pensa of the Government In ITanlla, and It !s
belns done In a. way which -will males It dif
ficult to bring- ths charges home, and for that
reason those who are In a position to be mor
ally certain of th* facts are remaining quiet.
as they do not want to be Involved ia a. scan
dal, where they may find It Impossible 'to
produce lesal evidence when cases against the
parties Involved might corns to trial. Accord
ing to official resorts, there la more United
States property at the bottom, of Manila Bay
than, has ever, been lost In ths water, and It
a close Inspection -were made X have no doubt
that much of this property could be found
stored In the town of Manila. As far as I
could learn, while > on the Island, th« # method
of proceeding In cases -where an " officer or
other person In charge of stores desires to
accumulate a little- property of the Govern
ment is as follows: The harbor at Manila is
of. such a. nature that transports cannot 'com*
to the piers to .unload and the merchandise
consigned to the army is taken oft In liffht
ers called cascos by the natives. A casco wfil
hold abou.^4000 pounds of freight. The stores
are all marked and when passed over the sld*
of the vessel the bill of lading or list of store*
Is checked by a clerk Itf charge, and on deliv
ery at the pler.it is receipted* for. While* on
the -way from shore to the ship an empty casco
Is overturned. .The next trip it makes to shore
its load Is .delivered, I not to the . of fleer la
charge of the . comm&sary supplies ' but at an
other, pier, and the officer or other person on
the boat ' makes ' a report of the UDsettlng of
the cadco.,wlth the stores on board. ¦ This re
port : passes ¦¦ through official bands. , and the
commissary- offlcer Is relieved of responsibility t
on account "of the loss of. property, which did
not occur by the • overturning .-• of ; the casco. "
Thin method is followed '; In ¦ many .. Instances,
bet It is not 1 ths only one" where 'Irregular
work ' U corrected by the sinking and over
turning of lighters. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.GALLANT YOtfNG AMERICAN
SOLDIER WHO "WILL GO TO
WEST POINT. s -
SAN JOSE. April 1.— The City Council
to-night acted upon Mayor Martin's sug
gestion that the Agricultural . Society's
grounds be purchased for a city park by
instructing to investigate the matter and
to report next Monday night the price for
which It could be bought.
'• Hay Purchase Park Grounds.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 1.— The steamer
Quadra, which : made . a survey of the
coast for a landing for the Pacific cable,
has . returned. It rls understood that a
more favorable place for landing- than
that at San Juan was found in Barclay
Sound and that the cable station will be
in Alberni. Engineer Peake will iro to
Australia by the steamer Miowera Friday
to select a landing- place there.
Cable to Land at Alberni.
William G. Alexander, chairman: Thomas A.
Graham, secretary; Judge J. R. Lewis. O. A.
Hale.- George M.. Bowman, Mitchell Phillips,
Alfred Holman, L. E. Bontz, C. "W. "Williams,
W. ,'E. . Crossman. C. M. Wooster, A. T. Herr
man, J. -D. Radford, J. E. Auzerals and
George P. Snell: . ,
Moult on. J. D. Gresslm, T. Ellard Beans, L.
A. Spltzer,, E. A. Wllcox, W. P. Lyons, M.
O'Brien. & B. Bills, D. D. Brooks, G. A.
Muirson. R. R. Syer. W. W. Fraser, John C.
Miles, E. W. Watmore. H.. A. Delacy.
H. r,. Warren, A. B. Post, A. McDonald, C.
H. Phillips. -A. Greeninger. T. C. Barnett, C.
M.. Shortrldge. J. D. Radford, E. H. Hazel
ton. M. H. Hyland. W. G. Hawley, A. E.
Wilder, W. S. Walker, E. T. Sterling. A. L
.Rhodes. J. M. Pitman, L. Sonniksen. J. I...
Stull. W. IX McDougall, C. H. Brown," N.
Bowden, John F. Brooke, L. E. Bonti, B. D.
Merchant. J. R. Patton, C. A. Hall, A. K.
Whltten. C. M. Wooster, L. Calllsch. A. A.
Brown, J. L.-Buell, O. D. Stern. Dr. H. B.
Gates, A. Topham. -W. L. Woodrow, E. J.
Wllcox. Paul A.-Mabury, E. C. Flagg, A. T.
Herrman, W. J. Wilcox. Elmer Chase, K. H.'
Plate, J. Loeb. W< S. Orvls. E. Knickerbock
er. G. Loeb. B. Kadovich, J. R. Ryland. Cap
tain Wells. Henry Doerr, H. A.' Alexander. G.
P.Snell>C. W. Quilty. A.'G. Col. J. P. Jar
man, Alfred Holman.: J." D. McKenale, H. V.
Dlnsmore, .P. F. Gosby.- J.- W. Rea, J. -B.
Chambers, ' J. ' -Turel," W. C. Andrews. E. ' C.
Coppock, J. W. Blauer. J. H. Campbell, "W. E.
Crossman. H. F. Lord, William Binder, G. B.
MoKee, D. J. Porter," H. I*. Cotte, A. S.
Bacon, I J. D. Miner, A. L. Chambers, V. A.
Scheller. D. GoodsMl. F. P. Russell, W. S.
Clayton and C. P. Bailey.
The banquet was in charge -of the fol
lowing committee of arrangements:
— ¦ r j
General Corbin to-day cabled General
MacArthur at Manila to send young Titus
home on the first available transport in
order that he may make the entrance ex
amination to the academy.
The Oxford of the Pacific.
Jose," I feel like the boy who was called on
: by his professor to tell of the "Immortality of
the soul" and v\»s limited to three minutes.
It in an Important occasion that . brings us
together. We are now on the main line. No
longer win we be told "line is busy, call
again." Without the annoying changes or tlre
*some waiting we can reach the Garden City
from any part of the State.- .Long have we
hoped for this, and now that it is a fact we
rejoice to celebrate it.
I do not know Just why they called the town
San Jo5e— iwsslbly it was for the same rea
son that a mother named her baby Shady.
"Did you sjy Shady?" asked the minister,
who Was about to baptize the child.
"Yes," rerillod the mother. ."You sea our
name Is Bower and my husband thoueht he
would like to have her called - Shady, because
Shaily Bower sounds so pretty."
However that may.be, rightly was San Jose
named the Garden City. We have but lo look
about us to verify this. As our eyes roam the
hills we see a series of terraced lawns, dotted
here and there by a beautiful bunch of blos
soms; as we look over the .valley It is n sou of
flowers: bevond are the noble redwoods rear
| ing their giant heads, while at cur feet are the
waters of the sunlit bay. Nature has smiled
upon ua and ; our soil- i«' as. fertile as our lo- ;
cation is, beautiful. .:-,,, ¦ .-,
Doubtless there are gentlemen present who
came to this city by means of the- old stage
coach or by boat to Alviso and from thereby
stasre. Surely, many recall the day when the
first train milled Into town a auarter of a
century ago— I hope, however, with a different
feeling and appreciation than the old stage
driver, who 6aid, "A hoss may run away with
ye, I don't deny it. but there's limits to how
far he can run. But if one of them darned ln
frine-a runs away w!tb ye, it's Pacific Ocean,
riiump! or Roeky Mountain, bump! so far as
I can see. Xo slrree'. Give me a hoss, but
nary an inrlne." '
Now all roads lead to San Jose. If we come
by way ot the south, we pass through the
orange groves frascrant with blossoms; then on
the edge of the summer sea fanned by its re-,
freshing breezes; then through the mountains
and up the fertile valley, to the metropolis of
this district. Bhould the traveler come from
the north, he finds the scenery varied, thouph
equally Interesting. After leaving the great
pine forests he skirts the base of the noble
F-hasta with its crown of eternal snow; then
through the famous Sacramento Valley and
down to the Oarden of the State. No more
delightful trip could be planned, no more fit
ting climax or Joyful ending. -We hail the offi
cers of the company which has Just completed
this famou3 line. It Is a happy consumma
tion of our hopes.
San Jose is near enousrh to .- the bay to re
ceive the benefit cf the ocean breeze with Its
life-fciving ozone, which tempers the warmest"
day and soften* the coolest weather. And it
is far enoujrh Inland to escape the harsh winds
or disagreeable fogrs. - The air Is quite dry and
peculiarly Invigorating, more . mild i and uni
form than in most sections of the State.
i Mr. Toastmaster, ; Mine Hosts, Friends- I
beg to thank you * for. the honor you. do me in
asking that, I address this most notable gath
ering., -.representing . as • it does * that i which Is
best . in/ men, instity tions ¦ and Industry in ' this
golden . land. -¦•¦• I : like > the occasion the better
because ; lt is onorof congratulation and of
feasting— when wo • do not have '. to take our
ierv-es-too seriously ' and ¦ can look a little upon
the jocund side of life. . • ,. . ... *^\.
Tour worthy toastmaster . informs me that I
am to address you upon: the subject of "Our
Mutual ¦ Interest*." Some harbor .an -¦ impres-
Bion that .."our mutual Interests" is ; a pleas
ing phrase devised by- the railroads -to besrulle
the public ¦ while : absorbing - the s fruits of - in
dustry. But the fact Js : the railroads merely
seek' a reasonable return for thetr ..investment
and In every -respect: consistent '.with that le
gitimate business desire^ are -eager ". to foster
every . interest that tends " tn . the • development
of i the .• countries > they traverse:^ Rven* the
theory that railroad securities '. are tremend
ously, inflated and. the ' r^MIc* called upon • to
William ¦Sproule,.' freight "'traffic man
ager, lent a 'lighter touch ' to' the proceed
ing's in his ¦ response • to . "Our . Mutual ¦ In
terests.". He said In part :,..-.- ,- .
Our Mutual Intsrests.
Alfred Holman, editor of ; the- San~Jos'e •
Mercury, < responded gracefully to "Tha
Press."; In doing, so he ..brought in a
phase of the character of Collis P. Huiit
ington, as shown In -two letters • written
from New York to Oj A. HaJe.i who had
sent him some of the famous Drunes of
Santa Clara." •¦ . ¦ '¦¦¦¦, ¦
The first letter. Is dated October 31, 1S93,
and-'in-it Mr. Huntihjrton • returns thanks
for the box of prunes and: then goes on to
criticise it and , make some susgestiona
which he said he' believed would make tho
prunes more- popular in the ; market. : Thlss
was done 'In-', the mc>%t- kindly spirit, and.
as he. said, *'ot:tside.of the question of po
liteness I dlspo?' i d of; in -my firnt
paragraph." and because he-; believed Mr
Hale, wished to •- know , just what he
thought:. ' . '•-,' " »>'.
The second letter, was dated December
15, and .was written .to correct the impres
sion his first letter had made.; Hlsobjec-'
tions, Mr.- " Huhtin'gton wrote, - applied to
only the, first- box tof prunes. "When" he
opened the other boxes, he wrote, he found
them above criticism. ¦ -V
"Our-Neighbors". was a toast responded
to by Warren Porter of Watsonville."
S. P. Leib spoke on "Coast Counties,"
and then Irvingr M. Scott was Introduced
to respond to "Our Battleships," which ho
did in a manner to aroufcenis hearers to
great applause. .,.¦
Hunt in gtcnian Reminiscences.
.To the officers of the railroad ; comoany . I
might »ay: Our ' interests are mutual: you
afford the facilities, we develop ' the : resources.'
Visitors are attracted and the community
grows, business Improves and" ail are pros
pered. - ' •¦ • '¦...-.¦ -. ,' '.; •' ,-
My time has expired -and I. would close with
the^words of the, poet, who, said: .
"God touched the earth in kindness, and lo!
it dimpled ¦where ¦• . ;•>• . -.,.¦¦¦ ..-.
It felt his mighty linger, and a valley nestled
¦ there. . . ¦ •• .¦ ' . ¦,.•.•-• t .¦>¦•-. ;>
And he told the angel artist to paint a sky
. "T. more blue .<¦•;. .„¦-•
Than ever dainty violet or airy bluebell knew.
And- to stretch it o'er that valley as a promise
from Its God, ¦ ¦ , . .,, :. u. ; ¦ ,
That peace and L plenty . there' 'should «pring,
like flowers, from its sod. \ ..
And he set . the ' mighty mountains to - guard
¦ that happy vale, . ¦ . - -
Where the autumns kiss the spring time and
the summers never fall." ¦
untilled. Great oil and natural- gas fields
await development and there are large stream*
of water flowing to the • bay that r can and
should be held for Irrigation. . Yet with only
a fraction of its resources develoned it 13
known far and wide as one of the richest and
most productive epots in the State.
¦With the improved shipping facilities which
have just been completed and with the addi
tional advantacrea thus afforded, * we should
take rapid strides forward in the near future.
We " are confidently expecting = many visitors
who, when they see our great natural, advan
tages, will desire to make ' their - homes • with
us. - -. •¦¦•-.-«. - ¦- . .. ¦ --^..\ ¦ •-..-•<
rates for. freights and fares to and from all
points In the Eastern States p.s San Fran
cisco: yet; ¦ unlike Eaeramento, Stockton and
Ix>e Angeles, it was not situated upon a.
throurh line.
Promise of Great Prosperity.
Yesterday San Jose and the lovely Santa
CUra valley, this paradise, were established
upon the -highway of nations, were located upon
the tlircucli route between the Occident and
the Orient, between the Eastern States of
America and San Francisco. Henctforth trav.
elers for Europe and the Eastern .States of
America going to £an Francisco by way of
the Southern routes, the popular routes for the
• tourist, must pass through this Eden on their
way.
Sir. Chairman, I believe "the future for this
community >»nd for this valley looks brighter
then «ver before, end though not in -whole nor
in Rxeater part «5ue to the completion of. this
road, yet the enterprise which we are cele
bratins -is ' suspicious. It will ¦ measurably
contribute to tho peace and prosperity of this,
the fairest of California's fair lands. I be
lieve that out of the experience and tribula
tloni of this season, a remedy will be found
for the atscovrapemer.t* and ills of the prune
BTowrrs. -- 1 believe' it. is the purpose of Presi
dent Hays to address himself to the inquiry
as to what wctent his administration of the
affairs of, the Southern Pacific Company can
promote the Interests and better the condi
tions of tbe fruit growers. I am persuaded
- that neither you nor the railroad people will
ever have occasion. -to resret the • completion
of the coast- line, tven as we wbf» are your
jrueFts to-night will br.t forget your hospitality.
Fhall never cease to defire and work for your
prosperity, and good will. Peace be 'within thy
walls and propperlty.-
Slags . Garden City's ; Praises.
"William G. AJexan-ier. chairman of tha
committee on arrangements, who an
swered to the toast, "San Jose." said: 1
Mr. Tcastrr-Ester. Honored "Guests and Fel
low Citizens: In responding to thetoast "San
Mr. Hays is a young man with a" notable
career. His manner is inviting. He is ap
proachable to all. Entering the »ervice in the
early '70r, before the railroads had been
Krouped -Into Jarge systems "and -before rail
road work had become so larsrely gpeclallzed,
he has cone through all the department* and
is esteemed by the profession 1 a» .among the
best equipped all-around . railroad men in thla
country; and in all dtnartments ¦ cf raiiroad
•h-ork— oonetructlon. mechanlrs.and .aijmlnistra
tlon—the United States excels -fha world. Mr.
Hays is simple in his habits and a hard work
er. He !« not fond' of: banquet's, but there
Is a well developed and attractive social side
to his character.. He can make. a -Rood speech,
though like many good speakers— my friend
Hrrrin. for erample— he does -not know it I
wish he < were here to speak for himself. I
am sure you would like him. and it goes with
out taylng that he would like you. Mr. Hays
Is not on trial. Ills . record is made. You
may be assured of his competency, of his fair
dealing, of his justice and that bis published
expressions concerning the policy of the com
pany were eincerely made.
An4 now, what >>fcs the completion of this
coast line, the cause of our felicitation, in it
for us, for San Jose, for Santa Clara County,
for the people of the State and the nation.
Fan Jose has the distinction cf being the ln-
Itlol bay point upon the original Central Pa
cific through line. The Western Pacific be
gan here, and following the route via Niles
nnd over the LJvermore pass was built to
Sacramento, where its rails joined those of
the Central Pacific proper, but immediately
from the driving of the last spike of the
Central Pacific, these two roads were merged
and formed the first through line. San Jose
has from the beginning been rated p.s a ter
• mlnal bay point. It has enjoyed the same
mind and liberal hand, to me and to mine,
to vou and to yours, to this State and all
the States. ha\-e worked together forcood: and
it the sood thst men do lives after them. We
may laud his name and revere his memory
wit'heut : magnifying the dead, without de
tracting from the living and with honor to
uurselvee. v<V _¦-"'. ' ¦ -
It is k matter of regret to. me, and I am
pure it Is to him, as. I think it must be to
you. thet the successor r of Mr. Huntingtou
to the presidency of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Charles M. Hays, is not present.
Praise for President Hays.
Continued From First Page.
SAN JOSE AND HER SCORES OF GUESTS f
JOIN IN THE COAST ROAD CELEBRATION
- AMERICAN ARTIST WILL [
ir.:: PAINT, .THE ..SCENE f WHEN •
' '.' : 'EDWARD JSiCROWNED. - V-f^'i ;
from the "Morte d* Arthur,'' • -'which dec
orate the Boston Public Library.
LONDON, April I.— Edwin Austin
Abbey, the American artist, who
has been commissioned to paint j
the scene in Westminster Ab
,bey, when'Etiward VII. is crowned,
has . lived mainly In England since
1878, residing in America only at
such times as . his work has re
quired his presence In this country. He is
one of the few Americans who have be
come members of the Royal Academy of.
London, to which bjp was elected in 1895,
and is also a member of the Royal Instl g
tute of London. Abbey was born in Phil-!
adelphla in 1S52, and received his early art
education at ..the : Pennsylvimia-.- Academy ,'
of Fine Arts. ? At;.-' nineteen "• i tie ; joined the • '
art staff of Harper's, "and -at 'twenty-four
became a member of the American Water
Color Society. His most noted work has
been in water colors and in black and
white. He painted the series of pictures
j c. ' Stubb3, 3: Kruttschnitt, 'William
Sproule, , E. ; O. McCormick, W. 1 F. Herrin.
William .Hood,: Irving M.> Scott,. A. H. -Vail,-
Henry -Sherwood., A. Sbarboro. R. H.
Hale, F. ¦• J.': Coster, .. Thomas : T. , "VVUllams,
James Horsburgh Jr. and • J.' ; L. Frazier,
all ¦:¦;. of -San Francisco ?-~'C. A. ; '-Starke.
Santa Barbara : B. ; P. ¦ Brooks ! and R. E. Jack,
San ¦ Luis jOblspo: .'William Steinbeck, - Stock
ton: L.- H. r Garrigus and E.:- A. Eaton, Salinas;
J. t D. Armstrong, ; Paso Robles; . Louis . McLean
and Warren Porter. Watsonville;.C. N. Haw
kins and ' R. ¦: P. ' Lathrop, ' Holllster ; ;¦ T: -• Al
Work, Pacific- Grove; L. P. Behrens and Louis
JTrank, Redwood ; Hon. - S. : O. Houghton, . Los
Angeles.- ; - '.-,"- ' ' •:. ... 1
¦ From Santa Clara County— O. A. Hale, Judge
J 'R.'; Lewis. -William G. Alexander, Thomas
A" Graham. S. - F. Leib. Mitchell PhilUps, Rev.
J. W. • Dlnsmore. % D.- D. : . N. ' J. . Rogere, G. C.
Vachell.' ¦' AC" Block. 'M.~E." Dalley, Thomas Der
by, K. H.-«Llst,- G. F. Gray, . J. F. Parkinson,'
Dr. ; I. A. J Frazer, : Dr. <¦ C. v A. Wayland, - J. H.
Rucker. H.I D.' L Matthews. ;XV; H. Haydock. -W.
A. .- Parkhurst. ; G. . M. Cozzens, . E. C.-Slngle
tary.- J. " J. ", Miller, F. E." Ensign. R. W.- Her
sey, .'-s Phllo ', Hersey, . - G. • L". ¦ Barker; Delos
Smythe,:B.-- J. : Moore. J. : Ledrard, ' David
Henderson, • J. ' W. 'Flndlay.-.L. L. '." Morse," L.'S.
i ! Guests at j the Banquet.
Those who ] were at the table were :
..There --were more - speeches .'. and " more
speakers outside the regular programme,
and. among them was.W. F. Herrin, who
talked ; very briefly in a vein of congratu
laticn.' > - - - .= -¦•¦ ¦:'''; ¦ - ; '.•.'.'-.•¦-'• ¦ ".
•All. this extended far into the. night, but
no : one begrudged the tlmeior the hour,
and when mornine was coming; fast and
the guests began to disperse there was a
feeling : that after all ¦ the > "closing of th«
gap"; had 'been auspiciously accomplished
and with | its new railroad San ' J03e could
fearlessly and confidently, face the future;
The lawyer may) be bold and radical,- but
he is not an anarchist or a wrecker. 3 His mis
sion is. to find the way for the solution of all
the great problems which - now confront ¦ us.-
To stand between " the contending , forces or
capital and, labor and preserve the equilibrium
of liberty and . law. ; ana • in . that mission he
shall.- not : fail or falter. •";•"" ¦.-•--. ¦
. .Worth of the I^av^yer.'.. , • " -
This Government of ours from its -very- foun
dation-has been directed"". by^lawyers. . It3 sta
bility and ; greatness are -their work ;? they
framed its constitution and enacted Jts - : laws.
It was the skill of a Webster that pointed the
way ' and ' the ' genius ot a Marshall that con
strued that constitution and made this original
confederation of States one "and inseparable.
*•; Twenty ot the twenty-four Presidents of our
country - have been t- lawyers ; three-fourths of
, the members of Congress and 'of the Legisla
tures of the i different States are of the bar;
its representatives —hold the secrets of the
State, the famlly.-the merchant and the banker,
and never have they betrayed- their '¦sacred
trust. Their duties • and . obligations are , great
indeed, but . their . honssty of purpose and I In
tegrity of - character - have . been recognized
through all the ages and have stood the test
of time. . ¦ - .!-:¦..:'¦'• • : .; ¦
That same courage which executed the great
charter I and bill of rights yet maintains ; • that
eame spirit which breathed the breath of life
into ! our constitution and into the - laws of the
States Is still here to 'shape and direct : '
¦ Only ' the other day, as the story, goes, a
flozen or more ! boys down, on South -Market
street had formed a ring, in the center of
which'" was a dog:. Just about that-time a dis
tinguished clergyman of San Jose, out for his
afternoon walk, spied the gathering, and. ap
proaching, said to a. f reckle-f wed. red-haired
boy who seemed to be the leader of the crowd:
-. •"'Sonny, what are you doing with that dog?
•¦The biggest liar gets him." the boy replied
The good man of God, in measured, words of
admonition,' said: ' VBoys, when I was, like
you I never told a • lie."- v - .= . - - •
There was a solemn silence, for a few. seconds
and the boy with, the red hair replied:
"Hand him the doff." ' ¦ ••
That was an unwarranted reflection on the
cloth which we all revere end deserves no
refutation. '• .-.',_'
But, conceding that some lawyer might have
won the dog, the great profession of the law
Is to-day and' always has been the true rep
resentative of /integrity, probity and truth.
The bar stands 'to-day as the real conservative
force In the world's great, field of human en
deavor — as the true balnnce wheel which regu
lates and co-ordinates the movements of gov
ernments, States, ; individuals, property and
wealth. .
This vast and controlling influence was recog
nized and invoked even in barbarous and seml
civillzed 7 times. Moses, the great laW-glver,
announced his codes to the children of Israel,
vhlch resulted in the creation of the greatest
nation "of ancient times. '.- The power and pro
gress' of Greece ; resultisd from . the : statutes' of
Solon more than ' from the courage of her
phalanx." The twelve .tables of the Roman 1 laws
were - more ¦ potent - in the - state than .were the
legions -of the , Caesars. The lawyers ,of Eng
land did more for the cause of liberty than,
did the Commons and the Kings.- ¦;••-¦¦ -
And here in our own treat land of the free,
where' the memory and genius of 'Washington
and his colleagues— of ' Putnam, Green. ,. "Wayne.
Jackson. Sherman and Giant — axe glorified and
the - prowess of Wheeler, . Mac Arthur, • Miles,
Dewey, • Schley v and Sampson are applauded,
the bar and bench have been the great moving
force; behind their guns and the great and con
trolling power that' made the issues for -which
they fought and won. "f.'^.r'.". '• • -"•'"'
The Boy, the ' Dog and the Parson.
panlonship of the saintly representatives of
the church, the medical profession, the banks,
the transportation companies, the trusts ana
the railroad combinations. .;.;•'/'
The opinion is shared and expressed by many
that the lawyer haa his hands in everybody s
pockets but his own, and that the term law
yer" is synonymous with "liar/ • But the
members of the profession are not making ad
missions or concurring in these mistaken no
tions. Conceding, however, that some lawyers
arc persuaded by their clients to lie, they al
ways do It in a good cause. And, besides,
there are plenty of liars who are hot lawyers.
We all have great respect for the reverend
clergy; recognize their worth and absolute
truthfulness, but even the very elect of the
church do not always escape the calumny of
the rabble. •- . •- .,.. ' ¦
Magnificent Gift to Hamburg.
HAMBURG, April 1.— Herr I^aelsz, the
chairman of the board of directors of the
Hamburg-American steamship line, who
died here March 22. left Hamburg 1,200.1)00
marks for the construction of a concert
house. titZ&t
Heports of a Plan to Causs Troiibl<5
for Chief Mataafa and Kaiser's
Officers.
BERLIN. April 1.— The Berliner Tagre
blatt prints a communication from Apia.
Samoa,- dated February 26. the writer of
which aEserts '.hat about the end of last
year a serious conspiracy occurred
against Chief Mataafa and the German
Government in the whole island of Savll,
but that the skillfulness of the Governor
quelled the outbreak without bloodshed.
Death, of a Literary -Woman.
EL PASO, Tex.. April 1.— Josie Eliza
beth Forbes, a writer. Is dead here as the
result of an injury received in a fall 1 from
her horse. Miss Forbes was 28 -years old
and was the daughter of a Rockford, 111.,
banker. ,
• - m
CONSPIBACY OF SAMOANS
AGAINST THE GEBMANS
amination of Maurice Barrymore, now a
j.atient in the Bellevue Hospital.' Barry
more had passed a quiet " night, sleeping
the deep sleep of utter exhaustion. At
the conclusion of the examination Dr.
Stewart announced that the patient was
hopelessly insane. It was also given out
that to-morrow morning he will be taken
to Rivercrest Asylum, at Astoria.
Medical Hen Examine the Famous
Actor and Say That His E«cov
ery Is Impossible.
• NEW YORK, April 1.— Drs. Stewart,
Wildman and Fitch to-day made an ex-
MAURICE BABRYMOEE
IS HOPELESSLY INSANE
WASHINGTON. April 1.— The
President to-day, appointed
Calvin T. Titus to be a cadet
at large at .£he United States
\Milltary. .Academy Jat /.West ;
Point. Titus was the first soldier to scale'
the wall at Peking. .' .-; •.;;>,•¦¦-¦
- It Is 'an' oft-repeated '< statement; '. hoary with
"age, that- .'"there are no, lawyers in.heaven.'!
The of- saints shows,-, however, a that
.one. member. of the profession' has. been canon
ized.V and If .' my memory - serves . me right .: his
name is St. • Nlcholas.Tte*66»IWB9ct- Ml
.Our dlstinsulshed tcartmaster must have had
.this fact In mind when he called upon a name
sake of St." Nicholas to respond to this toast. .'
. St.; Nicholas ; must', have been, a : skilled and
successful . advocate, in his . own . case at least,
to ir" have convinced ; St. Peter • and the pother
gatekeepers > that , he ,' was ¦ eligible j to ' member
ship : in the • Jieavenly '• choir • and entitled to j a"
place near the great" white throne. in the;com-
Then Judge M. -H. Hyland i spoke for
VThe" Bench", and . Nicholas Bowden for
•'The Bar." ' Mr.' Bowden -said: ' * ¦ ¦ ¦
v Eulogy on' the Prune;
Reverting to " 'prunes and ' . prisms' ' : The
truth of It is that we have I been content too
long to let the prune- remain an occasional
dish : for - dessert. We should have . united ? to
agitate its virtues long • ago. : In . fact, , I ; haz
ard the assertion without fear of • contradic
tion .from the first person concerned that this
would have been a happier - world and would
have 'been mere nearly the paradise that the
Santa 1 Clara Valley is if in tht Garden of
Eden Mother Eve, Instead of fooling with the
apple, i had partaken of the : prune. I venture
that"- when ; Paris, son of Priam, was -award
ing the prize for beauty there would not have
been so much bad blood over the re*-.yr»*. in
stead of the golden apple, the award ha&VSeen
a' prize package of the • Packers' ; prurie. .The
jirune might thus -have averted ¦ the Trojan
war, and our .school days been, spared: the
pangs of the Iliad.: :".. ; ¦¦
,--Gentlemen, let us hope that everywhere,
from . Greenland's icy mountains to India's
coral strand — from Alaska, where men ' seek
cold to the Philippines. • where Punston found
fame— the virtues of the prune shall soon be
known," to the profit of this people, the pleas
ure of the partakers, and as a benefaction to
the world." ': > , • ¦
: .But after all, this Is but one in the long
list of your products; and who that has ever
Bet his foot In San Jose or traversed Santa
Clara County has not been; struck by the
beauty of - its • situation, - the fertility of its
; soil-, and " the varied _ resources ¦ at • your corn-
Twenty years ago I first ¦ visited ; San Jose as
'the guest of one of your early citizens, whose
memory I revere— the father ¦ of your honored
chairman- of this evening— the sterling, up
right Marshall ' Hale. Every since . that day I
have!been In love' with this valley, with its
bowers of bloom, ' its ' field* ¦ of flg • and apricot
and cherry, and of vine and peach and prune
all nursed and guarded by circumjacent hills;
themselves ¦ carlanded in • fruit - and ¦ flowers
that reflect the prismatic glories of. your noon
day sun. --Why men looking down, upon this
beautiful valley yet should . hunger for the
stars, merely shows that "mans never is, ,but
aiwiiyn to b%. : - blest." • And so. -while arts and
Induptrles flourish In your valleys and on' your
hillEldea. ' science - keeps watch and • ward - un
on your -hilltop", where.men day. and. night
peer Into the firmament with genius . as '. pa
tient/ spirit as fine : and eyes as ¦ reverent as
In any age ever soueht to see the face of Ood.
- Gentlemen. - regarding : our mutual Interests,
let me : say -this closing: worrt: -Great : corpor
ations'are ruled «bv men, and strong men are
ruled >by mind, and heart." which are the soul.
Tt is the ; natural ¦ impulse ' of all rleht-mlnded
m«>n' to work -for that which' l«i best.- and you
will find that carriers and. producers alike,* the
men . of, art and of science. » the m*n ¦ of trans
norttttlon nnd of toilsome tlllflpe, all are w.ork
injr ultimately to the same end. Our interests
are mutual :'- ultimate . results , will prove it. ;
Rev.- J. W*. Dir.smore, D. ¦ D.J and - Rev.
EH MeCltsh. D; D., spoke in response to
"The Church."
¦WJTllam Hood, chi^f *>nelneer of the
Southern Pacific, responded to, '.'The Coast
Road; /Its Curves and; Elevations." de
scribing, the. building r of. the road over
which every, one was rejoicing:. ¦:¦-..¦
>' \ •'. B ench . and • B ar Heard , Prom.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 1.— The trial
of ; Peter Karpovlch, the assassin of M.
Bogoliepoff , the Russian Minister of Pub
lic Instruction, which resulted in Karpo
.vich being sentenced to twenty years'
penal servitude,' with a loss of civil rights,
was strictly secret. Admittance was only
by card. Among those present were the
Ministers of Justice, of the Interior and
of Finance. Only fifty cards were'dis
tributed. - :_•¦'¦ \ , . .
Karpovich spoke for an hour regarding
the student troubles under Bogoliepoff and
I the disorganization of the universities.
The prisoner- characterized Bogoliepoff,'
whom he knew as* the curator 'at Moscow
in 1896, as the "baleful spirit of reaction."
Karpovich declared that he was indiffer
ent, ¦ when shooting, whether Bogoliepoff
would be killed, desiring in any case to In
flict a dangerous wound. He refused to
say where he lodged or whom he saw
after, his arrival from Berlin. • The court
deliberated ' for twenty-five minutes ' and
condemned -.Karpovich to twenty yearB at
hard laborfn Siberia and the loss of all
'. civil rights/ • ::¦-':•;"- •¦ ¦'¦' .~
: - .Lieutenant General ¦Viasemiski. who pro
tested against the conduct of the police
and Cossacks in, the recent riots, has been
excluded from • the imperial council, of
which he was a member, until the Czar,
by special ukase, restores his privileges.
Advices from Kieff. show that the dis
turbance there on March 24 was a danger
ous affair. A few students and I many
worklngmen participated : in the outbreak.
•The- military was called ;.-out- in . large
force and fired on the rioters,", many: of
whom were wounded. No details, how
ever,are obtainable here. ¦
The Novosti says ' that the % Governor
. General of Kieff has again reinforced the
police with 200 soldiers. ??¦ -./<•:>•.¦,;-¦¦;:'
pay, therefor , Is btlns gradually " dissipat
ed by . the 'sunshine' of .wider knowledge,
and' the morbid misunderstandings 'of, the past
are" giving place to the healthy aspirations cf
the present. • ¦ -¦¦,:: - ¦¦ ..:.:¦/
And ' so ve celebrate .the completion of the
coast road, and in a manner so enjoyable that
I wish we could complete a road ¦• for ; you . of
ten enough to . have some repetitions of ; this
festival. Believe ; me, however, liberal and
fair treatment of - the railroads you have is
I the best Inducement for ¦ railroads to come.' •
Denounces Minister BogoHepofE Bs
fore Being Convictsd° for His
. ¦ Crime!
KABPO VICH IS DEFIANT.
-"In- consequence of ; the -preparations of
the Russian students at Warsaw Univer
sity for a demonstration in sympathy. with
the- students at; other . universities the
authorities have ordered the Easter vaca
tion to begin -immediately and have close-i
the university. . -'
Serious disorders occurred at Bialystok.
in Russian Poland, on the occasion of th?
funeral of a socialist. Thpusandi of per
sons paraded the streets singing revolu
tionary.songs and jeering the police. ..ul
timately, tthei troops were .ordered out.
They cleared the . streets and arrested
many of those taking part in the demon
stration. •' ' ¦ ; '
ST. PETERSBURG. April 1.— It v was
rumored several days ago, but generally
disbelieved, that Count Leo:- Tolstoi had
been banished from Russia because of the
attempted, assassinations of Privy-Coun
cilor Pobiedolnostzoff, Chief Procurator of
the Holy Synod, who was shot at early in
the morning of March 22 while sitting in
his study, the attempt being attributed to
a desire for revenge growing out. of ¦ the
excommunication : of ;Oount Tolstoi. Ow
ing to the indeflniteneas of the rumor it
was disregarded. '¦¦¦¦ ' • • ¦
¦ Now,: however; the Count has received a
private letter from a usually trustworthy
source in Vilna, capital of : the govern
ment-of that name, saying that Count
Tolstoi was' reported to . have passaa
through Vllna-- March 26, being escorteU
to the-frbntier by- two gendarmes. --y.
LONDON. April L— "One thousand stu
dents of the University of Kieff have for
warded a petition to the Holy Synod,"
says the Odessa -correspondent of the
Daily>Express, "in which they ask to be
excommunicated with Count Tolstoi.'
BERLIN, April 1.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of tho Lokal Anzeiger an
nounces that- an examination of the ac
counts of the Russian Imperial Controller.
General shows what are believed to have
been systematic defalcations between" the
years 1893 and 1898. The sums not ac
counted for aggregate forty-four million
roubles. . ' • • .: . . , ". ¦ -. \'\j_i x^<
Unsuccessful Attempt Made
to. Murder an Official
at Warsaw;
— - ?- ...' -" • •
Count Tolstoi Is Reported to Have
Been Escorted Out of Russia
- by a' Couple ofV
Gendarmes.
? ' '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA. Anril 1.— It is reported from
Warsaw that an unsuccessful attempt has
been made on the life of ;M. Sipyaghin,
Minister of the Interior. . .
TITUS APPOINTED
WEST POINT CADET
President Rewards the Brave Young
Soldier Who Was First of Rescu
ing Force to Scale Wall at Peking
ASSASSIN SEEKS
MINISTER'S LIFE
a reduction of 50 per cent on Cuban ex
ports or make a preference in their £avor
over similar products of other countries.
The resolution was tabled without dis
cussion. ¦ " • -
The majority report of the committee
on foreign relations, signed by ¦ Senores
Cromez, Bllva and Villuendas, was read,
but after a discussion, which showed that
a majority of the delegates were opposed
• to it. a resolution to lay it on the table
was carried. A similar disposition was
made of the report from Senores De
Queseda, Tamayo, Nunez and Giberga.
A motion of Senor Monteaugtiado to ap
point a commission to go to Washington
¦ was defeated by a vote of 13 to 12. It was
finally decided to hold a public session of
the convention . to-morrow, when an at
tempt will probably be made to recon
sider the action on the motion.
Senor Alejandro Rodriquez, who was
fleeted Mayor of Havana June 16, 1900,
has resigned his office and the Ayuntaml
ento will elect his successor to-morrow.
At to-day's session an effort was made
to. elect Senor Zayas. but the action of
the Ayuntamlento was declared null and
.void owing to the fact that the resigna
tton' of Senor Rodriquez had not been
formally filed. Senor Zayas and Dr.
Louis Estevez. secretary of Justice, are
'rival candidates.
the Cuban constitutional convention was
held to-day and attended by twenty- five
delegates. Among the absentees were
Stnor Glbera, Senor Quilas and General
KangTiilly, strong supporters of the Platt
amendment.
The first matter considered was the
resolution from the Planters' Association
recommending the convention to accept
the amendment with the proviso that the
United States Government should make
Constitutional Convention Holds a
Secret Session, but Fails to Come
to Under-
.
HAVANA, April 1,— A secret session of
CUBANS WANT
NO DELEGATION
Proposition to* Send Repre
sentatives to Washing
ton.Rejected.
STEEL TRUST'S
FIELD EXPANDS
Stock of More Companies
Goes Into the Gigantic
Corporation.
One Billion and a Trifling One Hun
dred Millions Now Represents*
the Capital of the Morgan . x
Syndicate.
NEW YORK. April t-It was an
nounced to-day that practically all tn«
stockholders of the constituent companies
have turned over their holdings of tho
United States Steer corporation. ««/*
tension of time having expired Sunday.
A member of J. Pierpont Morgan & Co.
said that on account of the absence in
Europe of a few stockholders the ex-,
changes would not represent all the out
standing stock, but pledges »<>« ¦°=J e A ° c z
these insured a practically u?animou s ,ac
ceptance of the terms <jffered by tne sur
viving corporation. ' . • TT ' lt-/ ,
TRENTON, N. J.. April 1 .- The United
States Steel Corporation this ««ernoOT
filed with the Secretary of State artlel«i
amending Its charter and ta< S£ aS eXti'2
capital stock to $1,100,000,000. The Swtea
fee for the filing of the papers *»¦ *™*?.
The original articles filed some tiple ago
were only amended In one particular.
This amendment was made for the pur
pose of taking advantage ofanactpasd
by the recent Legislature. Originally the
corporation could not mortgage or Pledge
its real property or any of the stock ot
any other company except by the affirma
tive vote of the owners of two-thirds or
the capital stock. Under the amende 1
charter, it is necessary tp have only tha
affirmative vote of two- thirds of the stock
represented in person or by proxy at any
meeting of the corporation The reason
for the change is the fear that the *\°™
will become so scattered that it will be
Impossible to get two-thirds of the enthe
stock represented at a meeting.
WANT EXPOSITION GATES
ALL CLOSED ON SUNDAYS
Church Members in Buffalo Ask That
Sabbath Be Observed at Fan-
American Display.
BUFFALO, N. Y., April l.-A mass
meeting, attended by about 1000 P«h°?s>
was. held at the Delaware-avenue Baptist
Church last night, at which resolutions
were adopted protesting against the ¦ open
lne of the Pan-American Exposition on
Sunday. The Rev. J. W. Hathaway of
New Ycrk. general secretary of the
American Sabbath Union, and others
SP Dr. 6 ' Hathaway called attention to a
mass of signed petitions containing, he
said, over a. million signatures asklr *
that the gates be closed on Sunday. He
also read a letter from Secretary Cortel
vou In reply to one Hathaway had written
to President McKinley on the subject. It
enclosed an abstract from a \ftter jrom
J H Brigham, chairman of the Govern
ment board, reading as follows:
"It has been the invariable rulo of the
Government Board not to open the Gov
ernment buildlng3 on Sundays. It will
be entirely Bafe to inform persons Inter
ested that this rule will not be departed
from at the Pan-American Exposition.
BEMET WXLIi PAETICIPATE
IN MELBOURNE'S FESTIVITY
Commander-in-Cnief of tlxe Asiatic
Squadron Ordered to Australia
on the Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON, April 1.— The Navy
Department has sent orders to Admiral
Remey, the commander-ln-chlef of the
naval forces on the Asiatic station, to
proceed aboard hia flapshlp. the Brooklyn,
to Melbourne, Australia. In time to take
part in the exercises commemorative of
the opening of the first Federal Parlia
ment, from May 6 to May 9 next. It is
possible that the New York or the
Oregon, en route to and from the Asiatic
station, also may be authorized to stop
and take part. \^_».
SUEZ, April 1.— The steamer Ophlr.
bearing the Duke and Duchess or Corn
wall and York on their tour of the world,
arrived here at 10 o'clock this
after being detained through the blocking
of the canal by a dredper.
/ . — • —
STATIONS FOR REINDEER
ESTABLISHED IN AT, ASS A
President Issues an Order Defining
the Limits of Reservations for
.-.'. . -..-' ¦ the Animals. : !•=? --
"WASHINGTON, April 1.— The President
has issued an executive order reserving
for reindeer stations two tracts of land In
Alaska, one on Norton Sound and the
other on XJnalakllk River. They are made
subject to any legal existing rights to
any land within those reserved limits.
The first reservation occupies the entire
peninsula ! of -which Cape Denbigh forma
the northwest extremity, approximately
five miles wide and fifteen miles long. The
second begins about six miles above the
mouth of Unalaklik River and extends
ten miles northeasterly along; the north,
bank of that river, thence ten nines
northwest, another ten miles southwest
and thence southeast to the point of be
ginning.
If Yon Have Dyspepsia
Bend no money, but write Dr. Shoop, Racine, WU.,
boxl37,for six bottles of - Dr.Shoop's Restorative;
express paid. If cured.pay *5.5O— If not.lt la f xeo"
Gom mission Is Issued to Edwin Austin
Abbey, the Noted i American Artist,
to Portray a History-Making Scene
chosen to paint
crowning of king
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ APRIL 2, 1901.
2
Pan Jose is an educational center.' It Is the
Oxford of , the Pacific ; Coast. No ; city offers
superior educational advantages. Besides ¦ our
public schools, which are the ; best. ¦' we ¦ have
the State Normal School, the .University of -the
Pacific, Santa Clara College, - the . Collcce of
Notre Dame, and the famous Iceland Stanford
Junior University, all easy of. access, and at
which our boys and firls are in . attendance.
And If your mind -turns : to. heavenly things,
you. can »to to our observatory on Mount Ham
ilton ivnd through -the great Lick telescope
view the stars and worlds beyond. •
But oar products have chiefly made us fa
moup. "We are noted as being the fruit center
of the State. Rut what can we not raise in
this valley! Prunes, anricots. peaches, al
monds, walnuts, berries, olives, i apples, • v> heat,
etc.. etc. 1 Enumeration seems superfluous, for
it covers all that stows in the cround. This
creat volume : of business is - handled - through
our city, for it ia the shipping center for this
;reat section. ' : •
Our parks, our drives, our various points of
attraction are too familiar to need mention.
No mere beautiful and romantic ¦ spot . can • be
found than . ; our Alum . Rock. ¦ with its health-
Klvlngr waters, and the drive- thither ' is per
fect.- - ; ¦ ' .- : •- ? ' ., ¦ : •
Santa Clara County is an empire within
itself and San Jose the metropolis. ¦ Notwith-
Ktandl'iir the magnitude of • our . iiresent . pro
ductiorjB. ! you': need but visits the various sec
tions to be lmpreseed with! the. far greater pos-'
Pibilitien of the future. Thousands of acres of
rich soil suitable for fruits and vines are -yet
..To Catena 'Cold' in One Day*
.Take laxative' Bromo-Qulnlne' Tablets. 336. *
I" Our $2.50 Hat 1
£|.y Our* $2.50 hat is .quite a favorite with many customers, be- |j
|^ cause it is reasonable in price and good for dress as well as ||
||| 'The hats come in soft and stiff shapes in all the intermediate H
gi| colors, from the liRhtest pearl up to absolute black: also differ- E\
E3i ent dimensions to suit different faces; we can suit anybody in rrj
fe We sell at clothiers' profits, which are less than those of ex- jv
K3 ¦ ' * " ' " '" "" BhBrief Disturbance : on the Terminal
Line of the Salt Laka
Hailroad.
LOS ANGELES. April 1.— Seventy sec
tion employes of the Terminal Railway
Company, between Los Angeles and San
Pedro, struck to-day for an advance In
wages to $2 a day. The men were engaged,
in widening the roadbed to eighteen feet,
preparatory to relaying the trade of th»
line for the Salt Lake road. After a short
time the company acceded to the demands
and the men are now at work. One of the
reasons said to have actuated tha com
pany was fear of a sympathetic strike at
San Pedro among other workers.
SECTION" MEN STRIKE
AND WIN THKTR POINT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 1—
It was announced from the President's of
fice to-day that Charles Summer Hamlin
of Boston, Assistant Secretary of tha
Treasury during the Cleveland adminis
tration, has accepted the position of lec
turer on international law in Stanford
University, and will give his first course
of lectures next March. Mr. Hamlin Is a
graduate of Harvard University and of
Harvard law school, and is at present a.
well-known attorney in Boston. As As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury he had
charge of the investigations relating: to
the fur seal islands, conducted by Dr.
Jordan and his associates, in 1S96 and 1S97.
and at the close of his term of office h'o
was made a member of the International
Fur Seal Commission by President Mc-
Kinley.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call. '.""•I.*
Charles Simmer Hamlin
Will Instruct in Inter- /
. national Law.
.Assistant Secretary of th^ Treasury
Under Clereland to Bsgin a Se
ries -of Discourses Next
March.
STANFORD GAINS
NOTED LECTURER
"GOLDEN RULE" SAMUEL M.
JONES, WHO HAS BEEN RE
ELECTED MAYOR. . .
The local councils are taking the prelim
inary steps for the entertainment- of .the
Sclegat.es to the Grand Council at the ses
tion to be held in this city. ,
Columbia Council has arranged for a
6ccial entertainment to be given some
time in April;
Mission Council is making arrangements
for a minstrel show to be given during
the month of April. • •
Young Men's Institute.
At tha mjeeting of San Francisco Coun
cil of the Order of Americus last Tues
day, night four strangers were initiated
with -very impressive ceremonies." This
council is making, arrangements for an
entertainment and dance to be given. in
Pioneer Hall in the latter part 'of April.
Arrangements ' are l also . being made for a
picnic in the near future, ¦ .
•Order of Americus.
Supreme Lecturer. Montague recently
paid a visit to Los Angeles, where he was
received with a rousing welcome. At the
reception in Elks' Hall he was Introduced
by High Chief Ranger McElfresh, who
delivered a strong logical talk on the or
der.- The bupreme lecturer spoke "for an
hour and a half,' holding 1 the audience bv
his .eloquence and humor. The Lodge
Echoes of Los Angeles issued a four-page
supplement in commemoration of the oc
casion and illustrated with the portraits
of the visitor, high officers of California
and promiiT-nt members of the courts in
Los Angek ...
The next entertainment by the Past
Chief Rangers' Association . will be given
in Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the
6th of\April, on which occasion a very en
tertaining programme will be offered. A
programme of dances will follow the en
tertainment.
On the night of the 20th inst. Dr. Monta
«ue, supreme lecturer of the Order of In
dependent Foresters, was tendered a re
ception In Union Square Hall by the local
courts and the Past Chief Rangers' Asso
c'ation. There was a pleasing programme
of entertainment presented through Wil
liam Stewart, president of the Past Chief
Rangers' Association; an address by. High
Chief Ranger McElfresh. and an eloquent
address on the order and its work by the
supreme lecturer, who is an interesting
and entertaining talker. The entertain
ment was followed bv dancing.
Independent Foresters.
Dr. Schlichter.
BERLIN. April 1.— Dr. Schlichter. tha
African traveler and geographer, is dead.
Sir John Stainer.
LONDON. Anril 1.— Sir John Stainer, or
pnr.ist, composer and writer on musical
topics, is dead. He v.as born in 1840.
petsr V. Riley wins the Position of
Town Treasurer After An Ex
citing Contest.
S.VNTA CLARA. April L— The annual
town election to-day drew out a good
vote. There were eight candidates for
Town Treasurer, and about this office was
the main fight. Peter V. Riley was elect
ed by a plurality of eighteen over D. W.
James. D. A. Toomey, for Town Marshal,
defeated Mat iSite by a majority of two.
Others elected were: Town Clerk. George
Fenton; School Trustees. George W. Fow
ler. C. E. Moore and R. B. Roll; Town
Board, John J. Ebcrhard, J. C. McPhcr-
I THE DAY'S DEAD. J
Msdical Director Horn.
WASHINGTON*. April J.— Medical Di
rector William T. Horn, IT. S. N.. retired,
died here to-night. His naval service cov
ered a period of nearly forty years.
6ANTA CLARA HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL ELECTION
San Francisco Chanter and Golden Gate
Chapter of the. American Guild have ap
pointed : committees' -to ; make arrange'
ments for a joint social to be given som?
time duringthe. month- of ApriL ::'-~ .
American Guild.
The entertainment that was given last
week by Britannia Lodge,' of -the
Daughters of St. George 'In the Pythian
Castle was a social success and it was en
joyed by the many friends of the 'lodge.
The committee in charge presented an en
tertaining programme that was made up
of instrumental music,' English ballads
and specialties by Miss Maggie Hewitt,
Miss M. S.- Smith, Masters Kemp/ Gos
haus and GunrTof St. Luke's Choir;' Migs
F Warren, Mrs. G.Muhlner, Messrs. H.
Williamson," Nowlan, Bently and ; Fosing.
The committee was composed of Mrs. ' A.
Price, Mrs. Norrington and Mrs. G. C.
Muhlner.-.W. ¦ Norrington was the floor
manager. • . •- •:
Daughters of St. George.
A new court of the Ancient Order of
Foresters was instituted at Santa Rosa
last Thursday by High. Chief ., Ranger
Boehm and Permanent Secretary Falcon
er, assisted by members. of the executive
council. On Saturday the high chief rang
er Instituted Court Oil Field at Bakers
field, which was organized by Deputy A.
W Field. Court Golden, organized by
Deputy W. E. Freeman, was instituted
at Denver, Colo., March 19.~ The high
chief ranger will institute a new court at
Snelling on the Bth of February in the
town of that name, the same having been
organized by. Deputy W. E. Prosper.
On the 4th of April the high chief ranger
.will pay an official visit to Court Webster
a Loyal Circle at its last held meeting ini
tiated Tryphina Pritchard as the mascot
of the circle. V'-V,' 'i
The supreme grand chief companion will
visit Webster Circle at Pinole on the 11th
of April. On the 8th she will visit Colum
bia-Circle at Sacramento: • :
Last week Washington Circle No.1 had
an Interesting meeting and at its close the
members went to a grillroom, where>4hey
had a collation in celebration of the annl
.vcrsary of the birth of Mrs. Schweren, the
circle's deputy \ ' ,: ¦
Foresters and Companions.
Dr. Churchill of San Francisco Lodge
has returned from an extended tour in
the Orient and the Hawaiian Islands. He
reports great enthusiasm among those
who are to compose the new lodge in Ho
nolulu. Thomas F. Dunne and A.' J. Car
many are the latest additions to the pe
destrian annex. Trustee J. N. Odell has
entirely recovered from his recent illness.
W. E. Stanford arid Charles Marshal have
entered into a contest to see which will
introduce the greatest number of mem
bers by the 1st of May. The loser will
have to pay for a first class supper for
the two and the secretary, who Is the
tally clerk of the contest. Clyde Westover
and "W. E. Holcomb, new members, are
very enthusiastic and as ¦ both axe p musi
cally inclined they will furnish music for
the lodge. Exalted Ruler Cadman of Eu
reka Lodge visited San Francisco Lodge
recently and reported his lodge prosper
ous, with 175 members. . . ; •
San Jose Lodge has moved into new
quarters and is doing well, having 250
members and six applications.
gotten of this lodge will next month issue
a fraternal paper to be called the Califor
nia Elk. Messrs. Morehouse and Kooser
of this lodge will make San . Francisco
their future home.'
Oakland lodge now has thirty-five mem
bers and others are coming In. Secretary
Hannifin has become the commander in
chict of a seventy-foot ¦ yacht and.' ho
promises take the lodge out on the bay
and to seasickness in sections. • ¦
Santa Rosa Lodge has 125 members and
at its last held meeting elected nine and
received seven applications. The lodge Is
getting ud an Elks' social. • •
Last Tuesday evening Stockton Lodge
elected the following named for the ensu
ing term: F. E. Lane, E. R.; G. G. Grant,
E L K.; C. B. Brown, E. L. K.; Francis
Cutting. E. L. K.: H. D. Hansen,. S.; R.
B Teffy T,: R. W. Winter, Ty.; A. W.
Brooks, trustee; C. L. Ruggles, delegate
to the Grand Lodge: Marion de Vries, al
ternate. The officers will be installed next
Tuesday. • ¦
The Elks.
DETROIT. Mich.. April 1.— Robert M.
Montgomery of Grand Rapids, Republi
can, has been electe-i Justice of the Su
preme Court by about 40,000 majority, and
Frank W. Fletcher of Alpena. and Henry
W. Carey of Manistee. Republican candi
dates for Regents of the State Univer
sity, have also been elected by a major
ity almost as large. The vote cast was
light, except in those. cities where there
was a light on, some local • issue. There
were two constitutional amendment?
voted on, both of which were defeated.
One fixed the compensation of State Leg.
islators at $1000 per term and mileage, in
stead of $3 per. day- whan the Legislaturo
is in session as: at present, and the other
provided for an increar-e in the salary of
Michigan.
Besult of Election in the State of
An important factor in the contest Is
the Public Ownership ticket, the leaders
of which party are putting forth every
effort to win on the promise of municipal
ownership of public and transportation
franchises. Leaders of the Democratic.
Republican and Public Ownership parties
are each confident of a success for their
respective tickets at the polls to-morrow.
Great interest has been aroused among
all classes of citizens and it is expected
that a very large percentage of the un
usually heavy registration will be in evi
dence in the ballot boxes. The mayoralty
candidates are: Rolla Wells, Democratic;
George \V. Parker, Republican: Chauncey
I. Filley. Good Government: Lee Merri
wether. Public Ownership; Leon Green
baum. Social Democrat, and Lewis C. Fry,
Social Labor. -.-•-
REPUBLICANS IN THE LEAD.
A most persistent and thorough canvass
for votes, has been made by representa
tives of ? every ticket, and almost everj'
night for several weeks numerous mass
meetings have been held. Victory is espe
cially desired at this time, because the
successful candidate will hold office dur
ing the world's fair to be held here In 1903
In commemoration of the one hundredth
anniversary of the Louisiana purchks-.
Municipal reform has been the rallying
cry of every party and a great scrambte
has been made to secure the labor vote,
which will be heavy and divided.
ST. LOUIS. April 1.— One of the hardest
fought municipal campaigns in the his
tory of St. Louis closed to-night with
mass meetings held in every part of tho
city by most • of the six parties ha-ving
tickets in the field. The tickets to be
voted to-morrow are the Democratic, Re
publican.. Good Government, Public Own
ership", Social Democratic and Socialist
Labor. Each one has a full list of candi
dates for municipal offices. i
Very Exciting.
Election in St. Louis To-Day Will Be
While the Democrats carried the larger
cities and some of the smaller places, yet
the Republicans show slight gains in the
State as a whole. In the three larger
cities — Cleveland. Columbus and Toledo —
the Democrats show gains which are off
set by Republican gains In the, smaller
cities throughout the State.
At Columbus, where the Republicans
have had the city government, the Demo
crats elect their candidate by a close mar
gin, while at Cleveland ex-Congressman
Tom L. Johnson (D.) is elected Mayor by
about 3000 majority.
"Golden Rule" Samuel M. Jones (Non-
P.) was re-elected Mayor of Toledo.
At Springfield the Republicans elected a
Mayor for the first time in eight years.
m
SIX TICKETS IN THE 1TEIJ).
INC1NNATI, Ohio, April 1.— Fair !
nf weather prevailed in Ohio to-day
Ik . for the municipal and township
v^^ elections. The unusually largo
vote for April indicated more in
terest than usual in these local contests.
This was due to the fact that a full State
ticket Is to be elected next November, to
gether with members of the Legislature
who will choose a successors to Senator
Foraker. In some few localities legisla
tive nominations were made by a popular
vote. None show any opposition to For
aker among the Republicans and there
was not enough action of this kind to
indicate any preference. for John R. Mc-
Lean, Tom L. Johnson or any one else as
the Democratic favorit© for the Senator
ship..
There was novelectlon in Cincinnati.
Mayor Fleischmann and the other Re
publican city officers were elected one year
ago for terms of three years. There is no
election at Dayton for Mayor until next
April, the contest in that city to-day be
ing' only for Police Jtfdge. Special interest
was taken in the contest at . Columbus,
where the Republicans for the last two
years • have had the Mayor and all the
other city officers. As Governor Nash and
former Congressman Lentz reside at Co
lumbus both took gTeat interest in the
contest there. Democratic administra
tions were in control at Cleveland and
Springfield, where the Republicans made
bard fights so as to control the political
machinery of as many cities as possible
at the State election in November. Sam
uel M. Jones made his race for the third
term of Mayor of Toledo, independent of
all parties, and on his "Golden Rule" plat
form.
BISMARCK. N. D., April 1.— After one
of the most bitter city elections here the
Republican ticket was defeated to-day by
the Citizens' ticket. Frank Donnelly (R).
candidate for Mayor, was defeated and
C. D. Register, citizens' candidate, was
e« ?cted by three majority out of a total of
550 votes. .
MISSOULA, Mont., April 1.— In a strict
party contest the Republicans made a
clean sweep to-day, electing Mayor and
four Aldermen.
BUTTE, Mont, April l.-The Demo
crats • elected "W. H. Davey Mayor . an.l
Thomas Boyle Police Magistrate and four
out of eight Aldermen. The Republican))
elected two Aldermen and the Labor par
ty two. The contest over City Treasurer
will be very close between Marco Medin
(D) and Ben K. Calkins (R), with the re
sult not known till the count is complete.
ANACONDA, Mont., April 1.— Dr. H. W.
Stephens for Mayor and the entire Re
publican municipal ticket was elected here
to-day after a brief but warmly contested
campaign. Stephens' majority is nearly
500.
HELENA. Mont., April 1.— The election
to-day was for Alderman only. The Demo
crats elected two, Republicans five. There
will probably be a contest over one Demo
crat, as his majority was one.
at Anaconda.
Entire Republican Ticket Is Sleeted
CONTESTS IN MONTANA.
Ex-Governor Altgeld is opposed to Har
rison, but his opposition is expected to
carry less weight than two years ago,
•when he was an independent Democratic
candidate opposed to Harrison, who was
elected over him and Z. R, Carter, tho
Republican nominee.
The Republicans claim a plurality of
S000 as absolutely certs in for Hanecy, and
a probable plurality of 30,000. - .
Hanecy is backed by • the Republican;
machine, headed by Congressman Lcr
imer, which has dominated the last three
Republican city conventions and lofet the
last two city elections. ~~
CHICAGO. April 1.— This city will hold
to-morrow one of the most important mu
nicipal elections In its history. The chief
Issue is the granting of franchises to tha
street railway companies whose rights
during the next two or three or more dec-'
ades are to be decided during the Incoiii-.
ing Mayor's term of office. Mayor Har
rison has, made a record against the
granting 'of long franchises and he and
his followers assert that Judge Elbrldg.s
Hanecy, the Republican nominee, Is
favorable to extensive grants to the streot
car companies. The Republicans deny this
with great vehemence and declare thai
Hanecy will give the city a much cleaner
administration than Harrison, both in pol
itics and in the streets, and ttiat tne ir
regularities which thev charge against
Mayor Harrison will not be seen '.under
Hanecy.- The campaign has been hot on
both sides. ¦. V '
Harrison for Mayor. .
Republicans Expect Hanecy to Beat
In Detroit," John B. Whelan, Republican,
was re-elected Police Justice, tho only
municipal officer voted for, by 3425 major
ity. Judge Montgomery carried Detroit
by over 2500 majority. Of the seventeen
School Inspectors elected, eleven are Re
publicans and six Democrats.
GREAT STRUGGLE IN CHICAGO.
Circuit Court Judges In Bay County. Tho
Democrats make a marked gain in Jack-,
son, where the entire city ticket was elect
ed. The city went Republican last year.
In Owosso, S. D. Emery, Prohibitionist,
was elected Mayor, overcoming a Repub
lican majority last year of 560. He was
the only member of that ticket, however,
who was successful.
FRESNO. April L— The California,
Raisin Growers' Association at Its annual
meeting to-day N elected Mr. Kearney's
ticket with the single exception of Robert
Boot of the old'board, who was retained.
The directors chosen were: M. Theodore
Kearney, Hector Burness, S. E. Biddle of
Hanford, Percy G. Goode and Robert
Bert. The two principal amendments, one
to raise Mr. Kearney's salary to $1000 per
month, and the other allowing the board
a' fund of $500,000, were defeated.
The forenoon meeting was devoted to a
long and exciting wrangle as to the mode
of procedure. At the afternoon meeting a
resolution introduced by A. R. Briggs -was
unanimously adopted that, whichever
element in the controversy were success
ful in the election," the vanquished accept
,the result and cheerfully abide by it..
Tellers were appointed and at. 2 o'clock
the balloting In alphabetical order com
menced. It was. late at night before tho
result .was known. •• - .. ' ,. . - .
The Lee report submitted- to the Asso
ciation showed total . packed goods,'
32,860^' tons; 1624 tons stem ; waste, "un
packed on hand, 1483^; total delivered,
35,968. Total sales, $2,605,700.11; 1899 ac
count, $9984.14; capital stock, $1333; pack
ing charges, paid, $252,231.82; commissions,
$16S,006.19; cash paid to growers to date.
$2,067,322.13, besides ceitUIcates amounting
to $567,474.57, ¦ making total advances,
$2,635,796.70. , . ;
The treasurer's report showed total re
ceipts of $2,415,859.03: disbursements,
$2,411,392.13; balance, $44CC.9O.
The inspector reported that the associa
tion controlled thirty-five packing-houses
last season and' employed- forty-five in
spectors. , The crop "was unusually large —
3600 carloads of .'ten : tons each. The stock
of packed; raisins on -hand was 1363 carE.
On March 1, 150 carloads were sold for
distillery purposes.- . ..-._¦ .- ' . z-i
The general report to -the members, con
tained these paragraphs of Interest: j - .
"Crops, both ; In California and In
Europe, prior to the curing of. them, were
very . much underestimated: • in conse
quence, the growers have realized go^.-l
prices,. but the speculator and dealer have
generally been badly left, the situation Jn
Europe apparently being much worse than
in this country. In California ¦ the est. 1 -
mate up to harvest time was 3500 cars for
the State; the association. Tiowever. up to
this time, has handled 3500 cars and at
least 1000 cars have been handled outside.
* The actual amount received from sales
to date by the association is a trifle less
than last year, but the market has ab
sorbed a much larger quantity of outside
raisins. The packing company bought
from the association 2343 cars, about 1S0O
of which were paid for; a bill for the bal
ance due was rendered December . 10 of
$566,459 57 and payment demanded therefor.
Up to this date tho packing company
has failed to pay the amount due from
them.- This has obliged us. in order to at
once equalize the advances to growers, so
that all would be treated alike, to make
arrangements with the banks to advance
this amount of money. It must be re
membered that of the total amount ad
vanced to the growers four-fifths has
come from raisins ould and delivered and
only ¦ one-fifth has oeen advanced by the
bankers. . - > . .
The failure on the part of the packers'
company, to meet its engagements was
mainly due to th© Eastern buyer repudi
ating his contracts to purchase, in con
sequence of the market being flooded by
the above-mentioned 1000 cars of outside
raisins at cut prices.
¦ This brings .us to what, in the opinion
of the directors. Is the point of vital in
terest to all raisin growers, viz.: That
the association must obtain control of*the
raisin crop of the State or go out of busi
ness. If . we have control any board of
directors, of ordinary business ability can
run It successfully, but with 25 per cent
on the outside the best financiers and
business men of Europe and America can
not do so. In order to obtain this object
it Is essential to have directors in ofnee
: generally acceptable" to the growers, so
that all old friends of the association will
rally. .to its support and that those who
have heretofore stayed on the outside
may be induced to join, and thereby en
able us to make our association the
grand success it should be. ; ¦
San Diego Bond Election.
• SAN: DIEGO; April 1.— By* unanimous
vote to-night. the Common Council called
an election to be held on the 20th inst., at
which tho i question of issuing $600,000 in
bonds for purchasing the two water
plants" now in this city. 'will' be submitted
to the people.
there were 151 entries, out of which twen
tv killed twelve straight, and thirty-threei
fiV.ishcd with eleven each. The straight
scores won $47 50 apiece, while those with
eleven each only received $4 30 each. Ten
of the contestants killed straight in both
events, making a total of twenty, which
was t)ie possible number. These were
Hoffman, of New Germantown, N. J.; Ar
no. Syracuse, N. Y.; Leroy. Campello,
Massachusetts; Parmalee. Omaha: Ma
lone. Baltimore: A. H. Vox., Baltimore^
United, Schenectady, N. 'T.; Crosby. Al
ton. 111.; Van Allen, Jamaica, L. I., and
Tarheel, Tarboro. N. C.
Following are the high scores in to
day's events: Interstate introductory.
eight birds, thirty yards rise, fifty yards
boundary, four moneys, 40, 30, 20 and 10
per cent high guns, not class shooting,
ties divide— Stephens. Moline. III.. 8; Hal
lowell, Philadelphia. 8; Hoffman, New
Germantown, S; Arno, Syracuse, S; Phil,
Mechanicsburg, Ohio, S; Leroy, Cam
pello. Massachusetts, 8; Parmalee,
Omaha. ?; Malone, Baltimore, S: Ralph
ICutticg. Washington. S: United. Schenec
tady. S; I^ambert, Lynn, 8: Trimble, Cov
lngton. Ky., 8: Roll, Blue Island, 8; Cros
by O'Fallon, 111.. 8; Head, Peru, Ind., 8;
Bond. Jessups. Md.. McPherson, Pitts
burg. S: Hopkins, Aqueduct. L. I., S: Van
Allen, Jamaica. L. 1., 8; Gottlieb, Kansas
City, S; Glover. Rochester, 8; Tarheel,
Tarboro, 8; Laflln. Rock Island, 111., 8;
Bartow. Chicago, 8: Fea^anstan, Newark,
K. J.. S: Rham. Pittsburg. S: Fulford,
"Utica, K. Y., 8; O'Kourke. Yonkers, 8;
Bates. Ridgeton, Ont., S.
Borough of Queen's sweepstakes twelve
bird?. J7 entrance, birds extra, thirty
vards rise, lifty yards boundary. IjI en
tries, thirty moneys, to be divided be
tween the thirty high guns, not class
shooting— Hoffman. New Germantown,. 12;
Arno. Syracuse. 12; Simmons, Marcy, N.
Y.. 12: I^eroy. Oampello. Mass., 12: Parma
le«», Omaha. 12: Malone. Baltimore, 12;
Fox. Baltimore. 12; Teal. Columbus, O.,
12. United. Schenecta ciy. N. Y., 12; Crosby,
O'Fallon. 111., 12: Gilbert. Spirit Lake. la.,
12: Merrill. Milwaukee. 12; Redwing,
Cleveland. 12: Claridge. New Haven, 12;
Van Allen. Jamaica, L.. I., 12; Tarheel,
Tarboro, N. C, 12; Budd. Des Moines,
12: Bates. Ontario. 12; Harold Money, Oak
land. N. J.. 12.
$21 90.
In the second event, at twelve birds.
Scores of the Best Known
Shots Compete in a
Tournament. .
ICETV YORK. April L— Over eight score
of the best known shots in the United
States and Canada assembled at Inter
state Park to-day to take part In the
ninth annual trap shooting tournament of
the Interstate Association. Weather con
ditions were good and the birds were a
well-chosen lot of fast flyers.
J. A. R. Elliott of Kansas City was the
first man to face the traps, but after
making two good kills, lost his third bird,
a right quarterer, which fell dead out of
bounds! In the second event, Elliott
missed two out of twelve, which made his
pcore for the day seventeen kills out of
a possible twenty. A good deal of inter
est v.as centered in the work of Tod
Sloan at the traps. The little jockey was
not very fortunate, as he missed three
jn the first event of eight birds, and in
the second event missed the same number
out of eleven at which he shot.
In the opening event at eight birds there
¦w as a field of 136 contestants, and of these
thirtv-one killed straight and the money
was 'divided among them, each receiving
EXPERTS SHOOT
AT LIVE BIRDS
SEATTLE. April l.-For an attempt to
have a sane woman placed in an asylum
J. G. S. Gordon was severely reprimanded
by Judge Tallman «C the Superior Court
to-day, while the accused woman. Gor- :
don's wife, was allowed to go free. Gor
don, who is an elderly man, has been en
deavoring for some lime to have his wife
arrested. He called at the Courthouse
and repeatedly demanded that she be sent
to the Stenscoom Asylum.
From the facts elicited at the hearing-
It appears that the Gordons married twen
ty years ago in California. About eight
v'ears later they separated and since have
iiv«d apart. For tli« Jirst few years after
the separation Mrs. Gordon was able to
care for herself, but three years ago she
wrote to her husbar.a for money. None
was sent. Instend iv.o physicians had her
arrested for Insanity, examined her. pro
nounced her case miia but needing treat
ment and obtained a commitment to a
California asylum. She was confined for
tv.o years and relensed as cored. At the
time she was unab'.c to determine who
had caused her arrest, but she now be
lieves that it v.as ncr husband. She was
in # a nervous condition: but the physicians
•were unable to iind any evidences what
ever of insanity.
When Mrs. Gordon was discharged to
day her husband expressed great discon
tent. Then came a reprimand from Judge
Tallman. who advisea the husband to go
from the court and make suitable provis
ion for the wife, saying:
"You married her, now support her.
WOULD SEND SANE
WIFE TO ASYLUM
Former Califprnian Earns
Censure of a Seattle
Judge.
J. G. S. Gordon Bitterly Reprimanded
for Attempting to Place His
Spouse Behind the Walls
cf Steilacoom.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
A friend is represented as. quoting Car
negie as saying that if he knew how a
theater should be managed as well as he
knew how a library should be run he
would endow one without loss of time,
but, he asked, what is truth on the
Carnegie Is further credited' with say
ing In London, on the eve of his depart
ure for Antibes, that he would soon make
an announcement on this subject As his
friend understands, he will ask a , com
mittee of representative ferities, actors,
actresses, managers and students . to de
cide what an endowed theater ought to
present to the public. If thedecisiqn is
wise, he will endow a theater.
LONDON, April 1.— The latest gossip
regarding Carnegie attributes to him* a
desire to establish an international .the
ater In -New York and London, the com
panies and productions interchanging.
His idea, It is said, Is to uplift the
masses by means of the stage, centering
the playgoers of both nations upon com
mon ideals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARNEGIE'S COIN
FOR A THEATER
-4 T •
Philanthropic Capitalist May
£ Endow International
Playhouse.
SAN JOSE, April 1.— Sheriff ilansfield of
San Mateo « County was to-dky given a
verdict of $7500 in his libel luit against
Editor O'Keefe of the Redwood City
Times-Gazette. The jury was out an hour
and a half.
The charge of libel grew out of an ar
ticle published in the Times-Gazette ,
which criticized the action of Sheriff
Mansfield and Judge Buck during the trial
of Frederick Desirello lor the murder of
James Johnson, a boy, at Colma. Desir
ello was a Deputy Sheriff at the time he
committed the murder. . Editor O'Keefe
declared that the Sheriff had done nothing
to aid in the prosecution of Desirello, but
•instead had blocked the prosecution.
Judge Buck was accused of favoring
Desirello. Mansfield took exception to
these statements and began suit for $10,
000 damages. • . •
Attorney Richards, for O'Keefe. will ap
peal' the case. He was granted a stay of
ten days. Besides this appeal the case will
be carried to the Supreme Court on a
point the decision of .which will Interest
lawyers. Judge Buck transferred the
ca S o to the court of this county without
a motion for a change of venue having
been made, and it is alleged that in this
tho court erred. O'Keefe had not asked
for a change, but- Buck was unqualified
to hear, the case. It Is contended that he
had no right to transfer the case with
out a motion to that effect, but should
have called in a Judge to sit in his place.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Jury Decides He Was labeled by the
Redwood City Times-Gazette
When Accused of Shield
ing a Murderer.
i — — ?— — fi-h
Sheriff Mansfield of San
Mateo Gets a $7500
Verdict. v
HEAVY DAMAGES
AGAINST EDITOR
With a Single. Exception His Entire
Ticket Is Elected at the Fresno
Convention of the Raisin Growers
KEARNEY IN CONTROL
OF THE ASSOCIATION
GREAT INTEREST IS
TAKEN IN ELECTIONS
In Ohio and Michigan the Republicans
Hold Their Own— "Golden Rule"
Jones Re-elected Mayor of Toledo
THIS PA!N . FIlAiN CISCO CAL,!,, TUESDAY, AFRIL. 2, 1901.
A prize has been offered by a German
society for the best design for an electric
railway upon which trains can travel at
the rate of 125 miles an hour.
3
-lip^ ISSUED BY AUTHORITY OF , 2^111
mm HB
lllgp S^ REGISTERED • »->S^g*g^O r $1^-^.50' \ Elilllj^gB
Kpn] B H S JL JA. JL jL jL Mmm^ wl 9>J \& JL Tjffi»Rpalp ¦ ' Cv ; jjj
ijjill which you will find in the inside coat pocket of every ygfc.' t i^Jci
p|l one of our ready-to-wear suits or overcoats stamps the vja*^vL iilP
pHi making, of that garment as first class. It means that rbM
||f§ the clothes are made by skillful, honest white men /^Sy^ajfflTOtS f^lf
pp who take particular interest in keeping their work- jraffiH^ |j|| 1M £9
Egi As we employ union labor exclusively in our /^^5wllif^^I' / • Hll
p^ workshops, -the Secretary of the United Garment |||j(^^^|j!!pl!w|l||*j\j|ijy if.^1
Wm 'Workers of America furnishes us with union labels, <i|KSl^%^^lipR^/ Wffl
111 which go in our ready-to-wear clothing. Oars is the $C f^ff
|i! only clothing on this coast bearing the union label. i^™71S^™4r Hll
¦1B|'\. . Just' now you are interested in spring clothes. We Ijl&p^ 11 Till Pp
j|lil meet you with a most complete line that includes V^|l\w«t!!lL''lll
Wm everything produced this season. Among the most if^l^i'iWv^CT 1^ t*$'<
I- $7.50 and. $10.00 ¦! ¦I
III At $7.50 we have fast indigo blue serges in good Wllitfil uW
Wm all-wool material, and also all-wool tweeds in the latest vWiill WM
111 olive shades, which are now so popular; and, about 20 ¥M
HI patterns of tweeds in stylish checks and stripes. %f>;; i^M l*il
Wm "^ he most P°P uIar suits for small boys are the Rus-
mm r^^ilill&Piii^ s ' an b^ 01155 * tne vest «e and the sailor. To-day we
Wm Y° u can S et ther n in a great many patterns. So.ns |||
Mm- '^^^fe^^ifeffl^ are oxford gray cheviots, some French flanncis and ||g
HH some serges; the ages run from 3 to 12 year;>; the i^l
p§| pants in each suit have patent waist bands, are full Jg
||i TT^^^^^^l 'i nec * anc * reinforced with triple sewing; the variety of |||
||1 v^^P^lilli§lij patterns are as follows: blue, brown, green and tan SI
$il \^&fi^M ' brown serges with braid on the collars and emblems on f**a
k8fl? P^if the shield; some shields are white, others same as the IB
P^ t^» UP* material of the suit; cheviots in oxford gray with » |g
Ha /Us kH# white shield and insignia on the shield; the striped ||9
I! 1 lily kHI French. flannels have white shields with green embroIJ- |||
WS ntepestingr. Note vV/%1' W%l U i W 8 1 1 JCv « SB* us for anything |||
{sis qualities and *-* j \J *>Jr Ky 8 \_J in clothing, fur- psjI • "Incircumscriptiblemess," ' meaning • in
capable of limitation, has been admitted
into the newest dictionary.
NEW YORK, April. 1.— Ross Raymond,
••" T.s James E. Sandys, was to-day sen
tenced to four years in prison 'for obtain
ing $200 fraudulently from the paying tel
ler of the Lincoln National Bank.
Prison for a Bank Thief.
None can foresee the outcome of the : quarrel
between foreign powers over 'the division j of
CUna. 1 It is interesting- "to .watch the gains
to pieces of this ancient but unprogressive I race.
Many people in America are also going to
I-leces - because V of ¦ dyspepsia, constipation,
blood, . liver , - and i stomach i diseases. I . We are
living to - fast, . but . strength, vigor and good
health-can be retained If. we keep off and cure
the above diseases with ' Hostetter*s Stomach
Bitters. - " . • ¦ ¦
What Will Become of China?
SAN RAFAEL. April 1.— The Sausalito
Town Trustees have appointed a commit
tee to aid in the reception to President
McKinley when he makes, his visit to the
coast. The committee is as follows: Hon. I
F. . M. Angellotti, chairman; Robert Fur
long, C. ' J. Dowd,' Dr.' H." J.- Crumpton, A.
W. Foster; J. B. Stetson and F! G. Wat
erhouse.
To Welcome McKinley i
First Lieutenant Harry L. Gllchrist. as
sistant ' surgeon, has been relieved from
duty in the Philippines and will proceed
to San Francisco • to ¦¦ await orders. Cap
tain Guy G. Bailey," assistant surgeon,
now in San Francisco, is ordered to Ma
nila for assignment to" 1 duty. -
Postmasters commissioned:, . California-
Frank P. Church, .Sari. Leandro; William
A. Burrows. Howard; Summit. Appointed :
Oregon-rSummer Carr, Lafayette, Yam
hill County, vice iF.jl P. ' Estabrook, re
signed. ' '": "" . .': ¦ ' 1
Pensions issued -to-day were: Califor
nia—Original—William ¦ W. Lee,- 'Redding,
SS; James . McNamara, . Soldiers' \ Home,
¦Los Angeles, $6: Joseph Thompson. Los
Angeles, . $S. - -Additional— James ; Dean,
Mariposa, $8. ¦ Increase — Lewis •• G. 9 Culver,
Sebastopol, $12. War with Spain—Origi
nal—Newell Smith, Santa' Anna, $12; Rich
ard J:'vl>cnpvan. San Francisco, $25. Ore
gon-^Origirial—William > H.' '- . Kirkham,
Princeville, • $8. Increase— John Jinkins,
Paradise, $10. Original-
William Flanery, Fairhavenr $6. <
' WASHINGTON, April 1.— Postoffice De
partment, orders are as follows •.--Postof
fice — Washington— Milltown,
Skag.it; County, fteorge 'W. Bonser, post
master. Postoffice hame changed: Wash
ington—New Whatcom to Whatcom, Hugh
Eldridge, postmaster. . . .
Of Interest to the Coast.
TUCSON, : Ariz. , April 1.— Martin Cos
tello this -afternoon received $500,000 in
cash from the Lake Superior Company for
his ; rich copper mines at Bisbee. . This is
ono of the largest cash, payments ever,
made in^Tucson. ; .. ' .
Costello , was . serving as- grand juror
when a representative of the company ap
peared to .take up a deed which had been
placed. in escrow when the company se
cured a bond on the properties.. After re
ceiving the J money Costello walked . back
to the courthouse and continued to serve
as juror;- the duties of which he had" been
excused from temporarily. by Judge Davis.
Davis is ,a' : cattleman and' prominent' in
politics in Cochise County. : • • *
Martin Castello Relieved From Grand
.Jury Long Enough" to Close : .
K'/-$ "¦;. the Sale. . . . ; ".- ¦ '.
HALF-MILLION IN . CASH
FOR HIS COPPER MINES
, ', Valuables Uncovered by the
Action of Flood Waters.
TACOMA, April 11— The booty * of a
daring and successful burglar has been
unearthed In a sandbank on the shore of
Palouse River, near Coif ax, by Adam
Weilz. The find consisted of eleven gold
watchee, eighteen gold rings and' other
valuables. They were done up in tobacco
sacks- and evidently had been burled in
the sand years ago. The recent high
water uncovered them.
. . The watches are badly damaged, some
of the- works having entirely rusted out.
Jewelers say that the value of the goods
when, new was not less than $1000. The
police, at Coif ax are of the opinion that
the jewelry was stolen from some jewelry
store six or eight years ago and that the
burglar either died, was sent to the peni
tentiary for a long term or forgot his
hiding place. - - ,
Store of Watches, Rings and Other
FINDS BURGLARS LOOT
.. Vr CACHED . MANY YEARS AGO
A game of polo will be played in Golden
Gate Park to-morrow afternoon , at' "
o'clock by members of the Burlingame
Club. Teams will.be made up of the fol
lowing players:
Red--R. M. Tobin, J. S. Tobin, I,. Mc-
Creery, C. Wheeler. White-^C Dunphy,
F. Menzies, T. A. Driscoll, ; W.. S. Hobart.
"Umpire, F. J. Carolan. .c \
Polo in tbe Park.
Nat Hewson and A. Duffy (scratch) vs. B.
Bowman and T. Curley (scratch).
' J. Gleason -and L.'. Levy (scrateh) • vs. T.
Powers and M. Green (15 aces), j
The handball Committee intends dis
qualifying teams if the players are not
ready to play at the appointed hour. The
tirst team must begin play at S o'clock
sharp to-morrow night, and If there are
any delays a default will be entered
against the infringing team.
change Good-Natured Badinage
During Games.
It was better than a circus performance
at the handball tournament in the- Olym
pic" Club last night. If the players who
made their bow to the well-filled galleries
ever knew the rudiments of the game they
forgot everything when their fellow mem
bers opened up on them with, good-na
tured bandinage. t •
- Tom Powers. ¦ better known as the
"Irish champion." and M. Green defeated
Guy-RariSome and Max .Rosenfeld "by a
score of 51 to 30. It was a long drawn out
contest, and' but for the good-natured
chaffing the game might have been unin
teresting.
¦ • The event of the evening was the con->
test between Ed Shot tall and J. R,. Bock
man against Tim Fitzpatrick and J. Cun
ningham. The latter team won by a scare
of 51 to* 43." Throughout the contest ttie
.gallery, appealed *to Cunningham to
achieve a victory, and he responded no
bly. "In their effort to win Fitzpatrick and
Cunningham played all over. the court and
used strokes that would have brought joy
to an Irishman's heart. Bockman was hit
on the head with the ball, but it never
•feased him. - Shor tall -played hard to w'n
a victory,, but luck and Johnny Gunning
ham were v against him. " .-:¦••- ¦
i . Charley Melrose and T. ;Slevin had an
easy time defeating W. Cavanagh and'R.
J. Forbes. The Korcwa^ 51- to SO.'" '<: ' ¦
To-morrow night (the following players
will strive for victory: -'. . • ',;
' Frits Wegner and R. Cornell (all 20 aces)- vs.
%VV Kennedy and Oatle Crable (scratch), f
J. Mallon and X ,Tait- (scratch) vs. H. Russ
and T. Kennedy, (scratch). - - ' "
rOXTBLES .TOUENAMENT -,. <
FURNISHES MILD FTJN
Members of the Olympic Club' Ex-
Carried.
The following, amendment to the by
laws of the Olympic Club has been adopt
ed by a two-thirds affirmative vote of
club membership:' : _. -. ..._-;.- .
Section 2. The. membership of the club > shall
be limited to 1250 members, excluding non
resident, charter, life, honorary, athletic,
junior and juvenile .members, all of .whom
shall be white males of good moral' character:
provided, however, that -when the number of
applicants for membership shall, in -the judg
ment of the directors, be sufficient to warrant
an Increase of membership beyond the limit
of 1230 an addition of 250 may. be made to the
limit of membership. • , ;' M 1 '
The number of members entitled to vote
is 1200, and out of this number only twelve
voted against the amendment/ ' .
Important Amendment to the By-
Laws Almost Unanimously.
MEMBEBSHIP IN OLYMPIC
CLUB LIMITED BY VOTE
arreste<1» Farrell is in jail at North Tak-
Ima ?rd Lennan is in the' Spokane hos
pital. Both robbers have been identified
and their numerous wounds show that
they were badly used by their Intended
victims.
The Taylors were en route to Baker
City, Or., when attacked by the masked
robbers. Joseph had left the freight train
and was walking about to keep warm
when they attacked him. took his money
and forced him with revolvers to climb
upon the train. Later the Taylors and
the robbers met \r\ the center of a loaded
coal car, where a desDerate fight ensued.
Each brother attacked a robber and beat
him with chunks of coal. Lennan was
thrown from the train into a ditch, but
soon returned, having caught on the rear
end of the freight train. He began shoot
ing at the Taylors, who were beating his
partner.
Lennan was again crmauered and thrown
overboard, breaking his hit). He was pick
»d up later and taken to Spokane. Joseph
Taylor's clothes were punctured in two
places by bullets and both brothers were
badly beaten and bruised.
Gets Ninety Years in Prison. .
MADERA, April 1.— Leonard Hammond.
a young man who recently shot Sheriff
Thurman in. an attempt to escape from
Jail and who was wounded by the officer.
¦was sentenced by Judge Conley to-day to
ninety years in Folsom prison. Hammond
pleaded guilty of a robbery committed at
Berenda. " ¦:
Intended Victims Twice Burl One of
Their Assailants From Mov
ing Car.
TACOMA. April 1.— Ed Farrell and Dan
Tjennan, w}ro robbed Thomas and Joseph
Taylor at Mayton last week, have been
BATTLE WITH ROBBEBS*
ON A FBEIGHT TBAIU
LONDON, April 1.— At S the Nottingham
races to-day the Upperstone selling plate
was; won by W. A. . Dowling's unnamed
entry' by'Aperse, out of- Queen Boriby.
The winner was ridden by J. Reiff. :.
The Elvaston Castle selling plate of 106
sovereigns, for all ages,'. the winner to be
sold by auction; distance five furlongs
straight, was won by W. Loyt's five-year
old bay mare Deuce of a Daisy. Richard
Croker's three-year-old bay filly Eelion
Violent, on which J. Reiff had the mount,
was third.. .- . ¦ ...•¦
Reiff Rides a Winner.
\ Sixth race, one mile and sixty yards, selling
—Belgrade won, Knight of the Garter second,
Beau Ideal third. ., Time, 1:43 3-5. . ..
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, selling
'.— Slidem ¦ won, \ Right Away second, Filiform
third. Time, :56 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Beau won. Punc
tual second. Tamarin third. ¦ Time, 1:31 3-5.
Third race, six 'and a half, furlongs— Robert
Waddell won. Kid Cox (the only other starter,
broke down and failed to finish).' Time, .1:31.
WASHINGTON, April 1.— The results at
•Bennings are as 'follows:' ;• .
First race, five furlong's — Invasion "won,
Speedmas second, Obll^d third. Time, 1:011-5.
-Second race, half a .mile— Tamahawis won,
Laracor second, Frivol third. Time, :50 2-5.
Results at Bennings.
Sixth race, one mile, calling— Janowood won,
Heroics second, Petit Maltre third. Time, 1:44.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, Mont
gomery handicap— Larkppur won. The Con
queror second. Aloha II third. Time, 1:53%. •
Fifth race, half a mile — Barouche won, Tenny
T second, The Boston third. Time, :52.
Third race, one mile, selling — Nance 'Nolan
won, El Caney second, Pleaa third. Time, 1:48.
Second race, four furlongs, selling— Red Hook
won. H. L. Coleman second, Jean de Reszke
third. Time, :E2.
First race, six furlongs. Inaugural handicap —
Sllverdale won, W. J. Drboe second, St. Marios
third. Time, 1:18. ¦¦- ¦ .
MEMPHIS, April 1.— In a hard
rainstorm arid* ,on a track f deep; in mud
Robinson '& _L.eech's bay mare Larkspur
won the rich Montgomery handicap by a
lengths from The Conqueror. It was the
opening day of the Memphis Jockey Club's
spring meeting?, - and about 3000 persons
wer"e in attendance. Rain set ! in during
the early morning, and when the first race
was called the track was a sea of mud and
water. Summary:. ..
Muddy Track at Memphis.
CHICAGO, April 1.— At a meeting of the
board of stewards of the Western Jockey
,Club to-day a resolution was adopted
recognizing entries in stake races made
by "outlaw" stables prior to the passage
of the so-called "outlaw" resolution of
March. 15. This will permit the running
in the Montgomery handicap at Memphis
this afternoon of a number of horses be
longing to stables which raced at the Lit
tle-Rock meeting:. The board also passed
a resolution striking off from the list of
.recognized meetings the St. Louis Fair
Association.- A surprise was sprung on
the stewards present by Robert Aull of
St. Louis, a member of the board of stew
ards and .vice chairman ¦ of that body,
Aull handing in his resignation as soon as
the meeting was called to order. Aull
was formerly president of the St. Louis
Fair Grounds • Association, recently sold
to a syndicate affiliated with the Western
Turf Congress. Aull stated that he re
signed because he did not wish to have
any act of his as member of the board of
stewards misconstrued. . .- .
Western Jockey Club.
CALL'S BACH FORM CHART,
TATCFO"RAN PAKK-Monday, April 1,
1901.— Weather line. Track fast. •
2224. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three
yean-okis and upward; purse, ?400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. hi. Str. Fin.
2214 Sly. a, 114 O'Connor 2 .2 £. 3 Hi In
2215 Yeirowtail, 4, 109. .Henry 4 11 1 n 2 2 .
(2209) Hagerdon, 4. 113..Domk 6 3% 2h 3 ns
2209 Sadt'Sam.- 3. 99.. Murphy 5 4 Va 4 4 4 5"
1478 A. Turner. 4, ,104. Ransch 1 5 hi 5 h 54
2216 Fr. Bell, 5, 116... Turner 3 6 10 6 8 6 1
2214 Headwater, 5, 109..Mnce 8 8 7 10 7 10
2182 Flatterer, 3. 102.... Hoar 7 7 10 8 8
TinW-U. :24H: H. :4«; %. 1:13%. Poor start.
W<jn first, three driving. Winner, D. M. Han-
Ion's h. m. by. Racine-Aurelia II. , Sly was
'quite herself again and was heavily played,
yellowtail did his best. Hagerdon ran a nice
race. Sam Sam was rated. Frank Bell can
do better. Headwater propped just after bar
rier went- up. '
Betting-Sly, S-2; Yellowtail, 16-5; Hagerdon,
12; Sad Sam, 8; Alice Turner. 60; Frank Bell.
15; Headwater.' S-5; Flatterer, '200. •
2225. SECOND ¦ RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, J400. ' . .
¦Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2213 Flora- Pomona. 106.. Howl 3 3 2 3 2 1 h
2061 L. Appleby. 108. ..Henry 2 1 hi 2 n 2 1
2123 E. M. Brattain, lOS.Thrp 4 2 3 1 h 3 h
(1703)Cruzadcs. IC8... O'Connor 14 5 4 4 4 5
21S9 Milas, 108 H. Shields 5 52 5 1 5h
1938 Carlo 108.. ..... ..Mounce S 8 62 6 2
2123 Murcia, 105 Ransch 6 7 1 7 1 7 1
2130 "Water Scratch, 105. Dom 7 6 2 8 S
Time— %, :24; Vi. :483& Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, W. F. Schulte's b. f.
by imp. Florist-Fannle Willougtby. Flora ran
a game race. Appleby is a fast one. Cruzados
slow to get away, and short a bit. Others or
dinary. Scratched— Mike Murphy 105, Contest
ant 108. Musique 105, Glendenning 105.
Betting— Flora Pomona, 12; Lucien Appleby,
7-2; E. M. Brattain, 15: Cruzados, 7-10; Mllas,
100; Carlo. 25; Murcia, WO; Water Scratch, 8.
2226. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
Index. .' Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2214 Gibraltar, 6, 114. .Turner 2 2 111 1 o
2125 Hcrraoso, 6, 114... Henry 4 1 1% 2 1 . 2 1%
21S3 M. Davis, 5, 105.0'Connr 3 4 h 3 o 3 2
2214 Benedict, 4, 104.. Mounce 5 7 4 4 , 4 o
2211 J. Jingle, 5, 105.. Ransch 7 6 16 2 5 \ 2
2219 P. Garter, 4, 107.. Bergen 1 3 hi 5 1 «j
2007 The Singer, 4, lOJ.Bomk 6 6 1 ? < 7
Time-Vi. :23%; & :47%; %, 1:13. Good start
Won eeslly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's blk. h. by imp.
Stonehenge-Chemise. Turner rode a remark
ably nice race on winner, Hermoso quit the
iast part. Maggie Davis injudiciously handled.
Others outclassed. Scratched— RInaldo 107,
Gusto 107, The Pride 117, Osmond 107, Hercu
lean 108. •„-„,
Betting— Gibraltar. 5-2; Hermoso. l6-o; Mag
gie Davis 6-5; The Benedict, 30; Jingle. Jingle,
40; Silver' Garter, 100; The Singer, 40.
2227. FOURTH RACE— One mile and , an
eighth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $500. .. . ¦. •
Index. Horse; Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
2174 Lera a; 95 Ransch 3 12 11 12
(2207) Barrack, 4. 105...Domnk 2 IVz H,H
(2203)RedwaId. 4, 107...O'Conr 5 3% 31 3%
2174 Scotch Plaid, 6, lC4.Mnce 15 1 5 3 4 1
(2210)Opponent. 6, 97..Fntlroy 4 6 4 1 5 2
(2191)Topmast, a, 104.Wedstd 6 416 6
Tlme _ % , :i 3%; k, ;25%; %,' :52%; %. 1:16*;
mile.- 1:42%: U&m.. 1:55. Good start. Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, F.
T. Nichols' ch. m. by Apache-Rill. Lena fresh
and plenty of speed. She was bet on. too.
Barrack did his best. Too far for Redwald.
Opponent won't ' do. Topmast poorly ridden.
Scratched— Lavator 97. - . ¦
" Betting— Lena, 12; Barrack. 9-o: Redwald,
9-5- Scotch Plaid, 8; Opponent, 10; Topmast, 6.
222S. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2190 B. Ormonde, 109..O'Conr 2 11 1.4 15 ,
2217 Compass, 104....:. Ransch 3 3 2 2 3 2 5
2195 Merida, 104.t...DomInlck 12 1 3 1 3 1^
1927 P.- Archibald, 109-Bennet 7 7. .4142
2212 Thornwild, lCS.Wedrstd 5 5 h * 6 10 5.3
2195 B. Stone, 104. ....Mounce 6:6 h 5 1 6 6
1413 Laura Marie, 104. .Stuart 4 4 % 7 i
Time-U. :25'4; »i. :49tf:-%. 1:01%: %, 1:29.
Good start. Won driving. Second easily.
Third driving. Winner, W- O'B. Macdonough's
ch c by imi). Ormonde-Imp.. Miss ' Brummel.
Winner outclassed hia field. Compass well rid
den. Phil Archibald was not. Thornwild no
weight packer. Birdie Ktone a "mudder."
Betting— Beau Ormonde. 1-6; Compass, 13;
Merlda, 40- Phil Archibald, 50; Thorixwild, 15,
Birdie Stone, 30; Laura Marie, 40. ' • . :
2229. SIXTH RACE>-One mile; selling;
three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 1 %• Str. . Fin.
2195 Bernota, 3, 101... Ransch 2 1 n 12 12
2207 T. Lepping, 3. 103..Mnce 12 6 2 4 2 6
2212 Illllouon, 3. 93. ...Butler 3 3 % 3 n 3n
2195 B. Caldwell, 3, 103.O'Con 4 4 4 4
Time— U :26;.%, :50: %. 1:15; mile, 1:42. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third, driving.
Winner; Burns & Waterhouse's br. g.' by Take
Notice-Berna. Bernota ran one of his good
races. Illllouon has lost all form apparently.
Caldwell not in good condition. Scratched—
Wyoming 123, Norford 116, Nellie Forest 102.
Betting— Bernota, 11-5; Tony Lepping, 18-5;
Illilouon, 8; Benson Caldwell, L |
Probable Winners.
First race— Whaleback. Nilgar, Midian.
Second race^— Hungarian, Prejudice, Mon
tallade. . . . ., .
Third pace— Corrigan, Brunswick, Muresca.
Fourth' race— Olinthue, May Boy,- J. O. C.
Fifth race— Merops, \ Royal Prize, Twlnkler. '
Sixth race— Bonnie Lissak, Maresa, Ada N.
To-Day 's Entries.
First race —One and a sixteenth miles; four
yoan olds and upward: selling. .. .
2196 Romany .' 1221 2140 Senator Matts..l22
2169-William F 118 2003 Estro 122
,•222 Midfan 122J22CO Whalebaclc 122
1356 Dare II 122; 2180 Nilgar .-122
.2105 Kastaine 120 2098 Faunette 120
Second race —Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: selling-. - '
2217 Salvado ' 112 2200 Parmenton ....K^?
2226 Silver Garter..109 2197 Devereux 105
2166 Limelight 103 2192 Hungarian ....111
1116 Einstein 113 2093 Un Cadeau 106
2200 Sugden 113 2223 Prejudice 110
2202 Montallade 103i 2218 Alas 106
Third race—Four furlongs, two-year-olds;
purse. • ¦. •
(2177)Huachuca 113 2165 Rory Ough ....118
2213 Tyranus 110 2213 Ople 113
<2189)Mure>5ea. 110 2201 El Bano ; 105
2064 Corrlgan 118 2213 lrma A 105
216'iGeo. Clark ....10S 2201 Brunswick ....105
(lS35)Sol ...110 2201 Barklyite 105
Fourth race —One and three-fourths miles;
over se\'en hurdles; purse.
21S6 May Boy ....'..1451 2196 J. O. C 145
2196 Granger 145 2016 Glltferto 161
(2184)Olinthus ...:-. .16S! 22(XCMagnu8 .:...... 165
Fifth race —One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
2206 McAlbert ......1B5| 2175 First Call 105
2167 Royal Prize ...105 2222 Merops 105
2218 Don Luis 105 2175 La Borgia 105
2115 Rapidp 105 2168 Tom Celvert ...103
2172 Charles Le Bel.105 2222 Twlnkler ....'..105
2191 Lizzella 105 2174 Mary Kinsella.105
Sixth race—Seven furlongs; three-year-old
fillies; purse.
2216 Slnfl ..107 2127 Maresa 107
2207 Ada N 107 (2159)Bonnle Lissak.107
J. Ransch piloted two winners and
finished second on Compass.
R. Murphy tried rating Sad Sam with ill
success. Frank Bell also became lost in
the same shuffle. >
Alice Turner made her reappearance
after a long rest. She is a fast one when
right on edge.
Flora Pomona improved over her last
race.
O'Connor is not a good two-year-old
rider, and besides it is just probable
Cruzados was a trifle short.
Fauntleroy and Wedderstrand had a
breezy argument after pulling up at the
finish of the mile and a furlong event.
The latter was apparently wrathy because
of some rough riding on the" colored lad's
part. * •¦' •¦ ..'.'¦¦-¦". ; * ¦¦¦¦:'¦
Track Notes.
SMOOTH, slippery Sly fooled those
players who put their checks
down and tried to call the turn in
the introductory sprint at Tan
foran yesterday. Last Friday : the
mare finished third to Dangerous Maid
and Headwater when an even money fa
vorite, and the latter was the anointed
one. It' was different yesterday, . for,
after Yellowtail had led the fast bunch,
to within a short distance of the wire.
O'Connor, on Sly, -backed down from .7 to
1. got Tip in tlmo. to earn the decision by
a neck. In 1:13%. For the first- time in
his career Headwater.' the favorite, ap
parently propped with Mounce just after,
the start, falling out of the running.
Frank Bell performed badly and Sad Sam
was nosed out for third position by
Hagerdon. Those in on the know placed
a well defined crimp in the ring over the
winner's improved showing. • ¦
Seventeen bookmakers again made the
weight and could the " jarring they re
ceived in the first round be passed over,
had a fairly profitable day of it. Upsets
wer€ numerous, only «ne ' favorite, Beau
Ormonde, taking a purse.. Flora Pomona
and Lena were the star long shots.
The highly touted Cruzados fell by the
wayside in the two-year-old scramble at
four furlongs. The Emperor of Norfolk
colt was played down from even to 7 to
10, with O'Connor up.. He was slow to get
in motion, breaking from the inside, and
could get no closer up at the finish than
fourth. In a hard drive Flora Pomona
beat Lucien Appleby a head, with E. W.
Brattain a close third. v •
Burns and Waterhouse's roguish brown
horse Gibraltar concluded to show what
he could do, and in the «six-furlong sell
ing- event stepped ?off the distance cleverly
in 1:13. Hermoso made quite a splurge
out in front until well into the stretch,
where Gibraltar, under Turner's excellent
handling, passed him. Maggie Davis, the
favorite, would have been second but for
O'Connor's persistency in trying to get
througa on the rail.
Lena, at odds of 15 to 1, upset all cal
culations in the mile and a furlong selling
affair. J. Ransch had the mount on the
old mare, and in front from the start, ran
in an easy winner over the favorite, Bar
rack Redwald found the route too far,
finishing a fair third. Topmast made a
poor showing after a bumpy voyage.
Completely outclassing the other start
ers. Beau Ormonde enjoyed a cake-walk
in the :fifth number, over seven furlongs.
Held a 1 to 6 choice the colt breezed home
half a. dozen lengths ahead of Compass
and Merlda. ¦ -
Pat Dunne's three-year-old. Benson
Caldwell, ran most disappointingly in. the
concluding mile selling "event. He wa3
heavily bet on at 6 to 5, and displaying
no speed, finished last of the four starters.
Bernota easily assumed. the lead, win
ning as he liked from Tony Lepping.
By : F/ E. Mulholland.
Commissioner Evans is not an office
seeker. He did not seek the post he holds
and he does not ask another as a consola
tion for quitting it, but he does not care
to surrender under fire or step down and
out at the command of his enemies. The
President would like to give Evans a good
diplomatic position and at one time
thought of sending him to Japan, but
Minister Buck Is anxious to remain there
and the President did not care to displace
him.
Owing to the indignities which have been
put upen him In Caracas it is inferred in
administration circles that Minister
Loomis will not care to return to Caracas.
His Ill-health may indeed pre\ent his re
turn to the capital. In that case It is
probable that H. Clay Evans, now Com
missioner of Pensions, will be sent tut
Minister to Venezuela. There has been a
persistent warfare upon . Commissioner
Evans from certain Grand Army in
fluences for two or three years and while
the President sustains Evans' adminis
tration of the Pension Office, he naturally
desires to have in it a man who is not
reg-arded by old soldiers and pensioners as
hostile to them. The President will noi
remove Commissioner Evans, but if he
can find for him a more congenial po<*t
and one which will be regarded as a pro
motion he will make a change
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W.. WASHINGTON, April l.-Minister
Frank B. Loomis is on his way home from
Venezuela, not because of a controversy
over the asphalt concessions there' or be
cause of the revolutionary tendencies in
the country. The American Minister has
in some way incurred the hostility of the
official and unofficial press at Caracas, if
not that of the Castro Government, until
his presence in Caracas is of no advan
tage to the United States, but rather an
embarrassment. He nas asked for a leave
of absence, which has been granted. He
has been instructed to come home for
consultation with the President and Sec
retary of State. Until he reacnes Wash
ington, some time next ween, and this
conference has been held, no course of ac
tion toward Venezuela will be determined
upon.
The asphalt controversy has been a pui
xllas one because both concessionaries aro
Americans, claiming the protection of this-
Oovernment while they are at war with
each other. But this controversy, while
being the original cause of irritation., has
no part in the recall of Minister Loomis..
Venezuela stands in a peculiar relation
to the United States because of the atti
tude this Government took in .regard In
the Venezuelan boundary question. We
took a riEk of war with Great Britain to
assert the Monroe doctrine and- protect
Venezuela from the aggression of Great
Britain. We insisted that Great Britain
should submit her case to arbitration.
Now the administration feels some deli
cacy in bringing: Venezuela to sharp ac
count because of what it has done for the
little republic. It does not care to give
the impression abroad that the United
States compelled England to keep "hanas
off in order that we might exercise arbi
trary authority over Venezuela. It
thought that the absence of the United
States Minister from the Venezuelan capi
tal may cool the judgment of the authori
ties there..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Loomis Leaves Venezuela
Because of Government's
Hostility.
Probability That Pension Commis
sioner Evans Will Receive Place
Vacated by Representative
in South, America.
ENEMIES FORCE
MINISTER HOME
Woman Declares That Statements She
; Might Make About 'the Mysteri
ous Cas:: Would Tend to In
criminate Her.
— : — ?- ,
NEW YORK. April' 1.— The first witness
to-day at tlje hearing of Alfred E., Pat
rick, the 'laivyer. charged with causing
the death or William Marsh Rice, was
Mrs. A. M. Francis, who kept the house
where Patrick formerly boarded. When
she had ' been sworn and the assistant
district attorney was about to put his first
question Mr. Moore, Patrick's attorney,
said he thought the witness ought to be
cautioned against : testifying to anything
that might incriminate herself. " . ¦
• Mrs. Francis testified that she had
known Patrick since January, 1S93. Pat
rick bearded with her at the time of his
arrest. She was also acquainted with Da
vid I. Short and Morris Meyers and with
Potts, all of whom have figured in the
case. Patrick occupied the back parlor in
her house.. She herself had no stated
room, she said, In reply to a question by
Mr. Osborne.
"When did Patrick, begin to speak to
you about Mr. Rice?" asked Mr. Osborne.
"I decline to answer, on the advice of
my lawyer," witness replied.
"On what ground?" asked Mr. Osborne.
'.'On the ground that it would incrim
inate," Mrs. Francis answered. Assistant
District Attorney Osborne said there was
no intention of implicating the witness
with Patrick, but she still refused to tes
tify. . . . .-.,...
Justice Jerome then asked the witness:
"Do you believe the answer to this ques
tion would tend to convict you of a crime?
Understand, not Patrick, nor Short, nor
Meyers, nor anybody else but yourself." •
The witness thought a while, .,. "I do
think it would tend to incriminate me,"
she finally said. .•" . / - ,
' There was some more argument, and
finally Justice Jerome said:
"If the witness is willing to- place her
self in such a position in the community
as she does through her testimony I don't
see that I can compel her to answer. She
js an intelligent woman and fully under
stands this question. Are you willing to
stand in that light?" Justice Jerome add
ed, turning to witness.
*"I am," witness said. »
It came out in the testimony that the
witness had been told by a lawyer that if
she said anything favorable to Patrick the
District Atjtorney would have her arrest
ed. The case was continued until to-mor
row. '. • .... ¦, ' - . . " . . - ¦ .
FEARS ARREST
ON TESTIMONY
Mrs. Francis Refuses to Tell
About Millionaire Rice's
Death.
BLUDGEON'S BLOW
DOES FATAL WORK
Albert M. Anderson of Win
ters Falls Victim to an
Assassin.
Cattle-Herders Find Hi3 Body Hi
den in a Gulch, Whither It Ead
Been Dragged From a
Nearby Highway.
-. » —
WINTERS. April 1.— Evidence of a
brutal murder was discovered this morn
ing by cattle-herders in the finding of the
body of Albert M. Anderson in a gulch a
half mile west of Winters. The body lay
some seventy-five feet from the road, at
the foot nf * bluff, over which it had been
thrown and then dragged to a hiding
place.
Anderson lived with Colonel Samuel
Taylor, a mile and a half from town, on
the Pleasant Valley read. He was In
town on Sunday until 19 o'clock at night
and then started for home. That was the
last seen of him alive.
The murdered man's skull had been
crushed In with some heavy weapon. Aa
it was known he had no money, no doubt
the murder was committed for revenge.
The motive leading to the crime is
cloaked in mystery. The highway where
the murder was committed is constantly
traveled and the night was very light, so
the deed must have been done by a per
son well prepared and lying in wait.
STRIKING POSES OF OSCAR GARDNER, THE FEATHER-WEIGHT PU
GILIST, WHO WILL SHORTLY DO BATTLE WITH CHAMPION TER
RY McGOVERN, AND HIS TRAINER, JOE BERNSTEIN.
WONDERS OF YOSEMITE
NOW OPEN TO TOURISTS
Roads to the Park Are in Condition
for Travel and Stages Are Tak
ing In Visitors.
WAWONA, April 1.— The first stage
party .of Eastern touris*t3 returned from
the Yosemlte Valley to-day. They report
the roads in fair condition. J. F. Stevens.
guardian of the Yosemlte, announces that
all trails are open except the one to
Glacier Point, which will be open in a
few days. The stage will commence run
ning to Maiiposa big trees to-morrow.
Owing to the elevation there is consider
able snow, but it has been shoveled out
of the road so that stages will have no
trouble making trips daily.
Charles T. Leldlg. Government Forest
Ranger, who. with A. C. Leonard, has had
charge of the Yosemite National Park the
past winter during- the absence of the
Government troops, reports ten to fifteen
feet of snow at present at an elevation of
8000 to 9000 feet.
Numbers of large yellow pines have
been killed In the forest reservation by a
species. of small black bug which infests
the trees.
TRANSFERS ALLEGIANCE
TO ANOTHER FAITH
Baptist Pastor in Santa Clara Resigns
His Pulpit and Will Become a
Presbyterian.
SANTA CLARA. April 1.— Rev. W. G.
Trower, pastor of the First Baptist
Church at this place, yesterday tendered
his resignation, to take effect on May 1.
His successor has not yet been chosen.
In presenting his reasons for resigning
his charse the reverend gentleman an
nounced that he would make application
to the California Presbytery for'admis
sion as a clergyman of that denomina
tion, certain points of doctrine with ref
erence to communion in the Baptist
church being Inconsonant with his con
victions. Mr. Trower is an energetic
young man and during the twenty months
of his pastorate here has greatly increased
the efficiency and standing of the church,
besides addins to its material and finan
cial welfare.
Resort to Arbitration.
SAN RAFAEL. April 1.— The Tiburon
School Trustees and Contractor O. F.
Waite have agreed to settle their differ
ences over the new schoolhouse by arbi
tration. W. McLaughlin of Tlburon and
a man to be named by "VVaite will deter
mine how much if anything is due Waite.
This is the new schoolhouse over the
erecting of which School Trustee J. It.
Seely Is awaiting trial for offering to ac
cept a bribe from Contractor Waite. ;
Perishes in Burning Cabin.
SAN JOSE, April 1.— Coroner Kell and a
Deputy Sheriff Have gone to the hills,
twenty miles back of Mount Hamilton, to
Investigate the burning to death of a cat
tle-herder named Chaboya. who occupied
a cabin in that lonely section. It la not
known whether It is a case of accidental
death or murder. Some men prospecting
in the neighborhood came upon the
burned cabin and the charred remains.
Drowned at a Natatorium.
BOISE, Idaho, April 1.— John Arnold of
North Powder, Or., was drowned at the
natatorium to-night.- He -was on a raft la
the deep part of the pool and slipped oft.
Hot Springs. Ark. He said he did not
sign articles to fight the California boxer,
but is willing to do so at any time.
"Kid" McFadden at 122 pounds, or any
Qther man in. the world at that weight.
He wants it clearly understood that he
did not shirk a match with Toby Irwin at
ALVORD PLANS
TRAIN ROBBERY
His Gang May. Attack South
ern Pacific Express '
in Arizona. ;¦ - *
TUCSON, Ariz.. April 1.— "Billy" Stiles,
former companion in outlawry of Burt Al
vord, has gone on the trail of Alvord.
When Alvord appeared at Douglass a few
days ago a. posse started after him and
is now in the Chiricahua Mountains. Al
vord is supposed to be headed toward San
Simon, where the Southern Pacific express
probably will be attacked by the desper
ado and his bund. Stiles went to San Si
mon this afternoon and will make an ef
fort to capture the notorious bandit who
was his companion until a few months
ago. Stiles has-been engaged by Wells-
Faigo and Is operating under the direc
tion of Detective Thacker of the express
company. News' of a hold-up or the cap
ture of the desperado is expected. -
THOUSANDS OF MINERS
ABE IDLE IN SCOTLAND
an Army of Laborers Out of
Vi\£'* *¦ ¦ • Work. .
Strike for an Eight-Hour Day Throws
LONDON, April 1-— Reports received at
a mass meeting of the Lanarkshire coll
iery engine handlers at Hamilton show
that 30,(X>0 miners were Idle In Scotland
owing to the strike for an eight-hour
dav * ' • ¦ " " ¦ '
PLAGUE IS INCREASING :-
I ' IN CAPE TOWN HOMES
Six New Cases -Are Reported by
Authorities. ! \
Five Deaths Occur in One Day and
¦ CAPE TOWN, April 1.— The bubonic
plague is increasingly j virulent in Capo
Town. "Five deaths, -one European and
four colored, occurred to-day, and six new
cases, two Europeans and four . colored,
were officially reported. -
YELLOWTAIL BEATEN
OUT A NECK BY SLY
A Moderate-Sized Fortune Is Lost Over
• the Peculiar Prank of Headwater.
Long Shots ' Are First at Tanforan
HOPES TO RETRIEVE
HIS LOST LAURELS
Oscar Gardner Intends Training Faith
fully for ¦ His Coming Bout. With
McGovern,- the Brooklyn Wonder
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt; TUESDAY, APRIL ?, 1901.
OSCAR GARDNER Is a formidable
fighting machine when stripped for
the fray.- He posed before a cam
era yesterday and looked as fero
cjous as Terrible Terry . himself .
His muscles do not stand out in bunches,
but • tbelr rapid play | under ." his smooth
white skin gives ample ' evidence . that
he is possessed of- great strength. It
may not be known to ; local ring-goers that
Oscar is a married man and has two chil
dren. His eldest boy. is aged 5, and the
clever featherweight idolizes the young
ster. Gardner is only 29 years old, but
he has been -in", the ring : for the past
twelve years. During his long career lie
has won innumerable battles. ¦ His record ¦
of victories is along one. The cleverest
men at his'weight have gone down in de
feat before him. True, he has met defeat
at the hands of McGovern, but as. better
and heavier men- .have done likewise, this
is not a disgrace. 1 Gardner hopes to re
trieve his defeat .when he meets McGov
ern next moth before the Twentieth Cen
'turyClub. ;. . ; ." _ ¦
Gardner has arrived early on the .field
and will begin ; serious work at Croll's
Gardens,. Alameda, next week*. . He has
clever Joe Bernstein to .work with him.
Bernstein has had the distinction of fight
ing McGovern on - two ; occasions. Both
Gardner and i Bernstein are familiar with
Terrible Terry's style of boxing, and this,
they think, will stand Gardner , in good
stead at the next meeting. Bernstein 1s
also the retired champion 115-pound wrest
ler. During the' training of Gardner, both
men will engage ' in heavy mat-work, to
accustom Gardner to 'the aggressive style
that McGovern assumes. .
Bernstein' may be given a match before
he returns. East.*; He; is willing to. fight
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dance, or chorea, is one of the most
pitiable afflictions humanity is called on
to endure. That this disease. Qan be
cured, however, is proven by the fact
that \k\kas been cured by" ¦ th^:- ijse cf
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.? .The
__ tranquilizing ¦
/^a&^^ upon the nerves ex-
1^3N-^»"2iaL ercised by" this re-
(||s 3" Sgaft mark able • medicine '
is \ritnessed. to by
kjC^gjSs^s^ thousands who have
/JK|G^|gg|s£$ig found healing and
stren S ta * n its use.
A^^TTT^J^fil not on^ cures
PrP§» I'M! 11A KsA womanly . diseases, .
t£s5t>J I illvfey but it promotes the
\Sm3 I \\\\W' Health of the whole
>If I = r ¦' li.V lt isa nerve - .
I <j : |\'Y 'feeing, strength-
/ I I " 1 \ P^ n S» sleep-indue 1 - 1
/ r 1 1 j \ \ * n & ttfedic" 16 - m 1
/L 1 I I 1 VA nJ^es ,weak women •
r^a^J I ! ' ¦ L^Lrft strong and sick
jv pje^P^ '• women well.
-^^Sfo'J ,^ff^ "Favorite Pre-
w" : &£u&0^^ scription " contains
/j^i^wSuBr , • no -alcohol and is
W^ifyL 1 entirely* free from
™T>£3^. opium, cocaine, and
£5 * all other narcotics.
tjS- It cannot-^ .'<Usagr.ee.-?
"^ with the ; weakest .
or most delicate 1 constitution.'^ " ' ' "
r When our daughter Lizzie had St, Yitus's
dance, I .happened to get one of your small
books ard read it." writes Henry JJ. Miller.. Esq.,
of 1016 North 7th St.. Burlington. Iowa. "Among
other thiags I found that Dr. Pierce's Favorite .
Prescription cured patients suffering from. that,
trouble, so I went out and got a bottle; fehe was
verv bad st that time and could hardly talk.
When I read about vour medicine in that small
book, I said to nvselC with the help of God and
that -.nedicine we can cure our daughter. 1 We
«ii<l so. Four bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' ;
cured her, and I did not have to take her to the-
doctor any more. She is well, thank God and
the * Favorite Prescription ' for it."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bil-
iousness.- ' - - ' : - -'.""
I Ten = Cent Collars 1
1 1 The man who is skeptical about the wear of a io-ceat £?¦•]
' It c °H ar should see the Peyser brand which we sell. ' Hi
M They are pure linen — 4 ply— 2100 fine, and come in all *-A
fa the latest styles, comprising a variety of about sixteen dif- £fi
i| ferent shapes.
Pj Call and see the collars — buy one or two— try them; f!i
j?1 that's the way to find out their value. £•¦ J
II 718 Market Street. t|MISS NONA RITCHIE, A CLEVER DANCER, WHO WILL APPEAR.TO
NIGHT AT THE CAMPFIRE OF JAMES A. GARFIELD POST, GRAND
' ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC. .
NEW WHATCOM COURTS
. METE SPEEDY JUSTICE
Culprit Sent to Penitentiary a Few
' Hours After tbs Commission
of His Crime.
SEATTLE. April 1.— A new record for
speedy Justice was made to-day at New
Whatcom when A. £J. Feeser was sen
tenced to serve one year In the peniten
tiary for larceny by embezzlement.
On Saturday Feeser arrived < in New
Whatcom to assume the duties of assist
ant agent of the Great Northern Railway.
On Sunday he sold $55 worth of tickets.
Overjoyed at having a "large" sum of
money in his pocket, he commenced drink
ing heavily and before the night had
passed spent $22 50. He was immediately
arrested and this morning waa tried, con
victed and sentenced. Prior to going to
New .Whatccm Feeser lived at Everett.
TRAGEDY ENDS FEUD OF
WASHINGTON FAKMEBS
One Man Mortally and Two Seriously
Wounded in an Affray Near
Toledo. -
CHEHAL1S. Wash.. April 1.— J. W. Fer
rier, a prominent farmer and County
Commissioner of this county, living near
Toledo, • shot . a neighbor. B. . F. Holcomb,
with ' a Winchester rifle this morning.
Holtomb was ¦ wounded in the stomach
and it Is reported he can live only a shorr
Hoicorob's brother, Harry Holcomb,
was shot in the arm by Fcrrler. and a
third man named "BllJy" .Miller Is re
ported to have been shot.
Dead-Letter Office in Hawaii.
"WASHINGTON. April 1.— Postmaster
General' Smith has issued an order estab
lishing a dead letter service for the Ter
ritory of Hawaii for the disposition of un
claimed and unmailable ; matter orisrin
atint; In or reaching the various postof
tices In the Hawaiian Islands. The usual
return of such matter hereafter will bo
made to the postmaster at Honolulu in
stead, of Washington. . ; •
McGLADE'S TRIAL
GOES ON SLOWLY
Evidence Presented Show
ing Guilty Knowledge
of Defendant.
Proof . Adduced That Accussd Man
Admitted Cashing Salary De
mands KnowingThat They
Were Forged.
Direct evidence of his crime was brought
home to Peter McGlade at the proceedings
In his trial yesterday on a charge of forg
ing salary warrants on the city treasury
In 1598.
The second week of the fourth trial ot
McGlade seems destined to pass without a.
verdict belnjr reached, judging by th»
progress of the case yesterday. The hear
ing was dull in comparison with the pre
vious week, for Judge Melvln has put a
stop to the bickerings between counsel
and the "badgering"* of witnesses by At
torney Lennon for the defense, as de
fined by District Attorney Byington. Len
non made but one break of decorum yes
terday, when he sneeringly told Wltnes*
Regensburger that he was "too ready to
give evidence." Judge Melvln reproved
Lennon, and for the rest of the day th«
attorney wag on his good behavior.
Proof of McGlade's Guilt.
Charles True, a clerk for Regenaburger,
who had cashed the forged salary war
rants, testified that McGlade had told
him on October 4. 1S98. that he (McGladO
had collected the money on various salarv
warrants, Including the "John Sullivan
warrant, on which the indictment in the
case is founded. This statement was mad»
by McGlade when Clerk True had gone to
the office of the Street Superintendent to
secure from McGlade the salary warrants
on which Regensburger had advanced
money.
Ex-Treasurer Reis testified to having
paid a number of salary warrants Intro
duced In evidence. Bookkeeper Catncart
testified that no entries, as called for by
the warrants introduced, appeared on the
books of the Superintendent of Streets.
Ex-Supervisor Hasklns recognized his sig
nature on the various warrants, placed on
them for the purpose of auditing. John
Ryan, assistant clerk to the Supervisors,
gave similar testimony. s
Memory of Ambrose Is Faulty.
The memory of ex-Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose was as faulty yesterday
as when he previously testified in the
case. Ambrose told how McGlade disap
peared from the office In November. 1838.
but the -witness could not remember if hn
tried to search for the missing man. H«
remembered meeting McGlade on Market
street some time afterward, but did not
know the date. Ambrose stated that, he
had never sought an explanation from
McGlade as to his disappearance.
H. Regensburger, money broker, testi
fied to having known *McGlade for some
years and having had business dealings
with him. The witness swore positively
to McGlade's signature as it appeared on
the forged warrants.
Detective Gibson testified that ha
searched for McGlade in November and
December, 1S98, but could not locate him.
The witness stated that »he arrested Mc-
Glade on December 7. ISPS, at Oakland
mole, receiving him from the custody of
: Deputy Sheriff Phillips of Demlng, N. M.
The evidence that McGlade -was passing:
under an assumed name at the time was
stricken out of tho record.
F. J. Ehrmann, late of Demlng. N. M..
testified that he had seen McGlade In tha
custody of the deputy sheriff, in Deming.
Theodore Kytka was also on the witness
stand for a brief period, and stated that
the signatures of "Peter W. McGlade" on
the alleged forged salary warrants were
in the handwriting of the defendant.
The hearing of the case will be resumed
this morning at 10 o'clock.
STRIKING . FACTORY GIRLS
I;-.."' OPPOSE NON-TTNIONISTS
Five Hundred Gather at the Entrancs
to an Establishment and Use
: ' • - ' ; Force.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 1.— Frve hun
dred striking factory girls gathered at
the doors of the wood factory to-day and
prevented all the non-union girls from en
tering. . Force was. used by the strikers In
several Instances. All the union painters
of the city went out on strike to-day, ask
ing for 35 cents an hour. Carpenters and
tinners- may strike with the painters if
the increase is not given.
Kailroad Laborers Strike.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa., April L— One thou
sand "men- employed by Contractor Ker
baugh on i the Pennsylvania im
provements around Scalp Level went on
strike to-day for an increase in wages
from $1 35 a day to $1 50.
CHICAGO. April l.-A special to the
Chronicle from Washington says: J. Pler
pont ¦ Morgan has a gigantic scheme that
the United States Government shall aban
don its plan ot building a canal across the
isthmus of. Panama., and- permit private
capital to take up'and finish the work al
ready accomplished on the Panama canal.
. ! Morgan, accompanied by James J. Hill
president of the'Great Northern Railway
and C. ! F. : Stocker. of the Northern Pa
cific;- arrived: from New. York on Hill's
yacht to-day. - To-night Morgan and Hill
and Senator Hanna, who had been notified
of the coming of the distinguished finan
ciers, have been in conference with Presi
dent MeKinley.lnan endeavor to Interest
the executive in their project.
It is understood that a syndicate head
ed by Morgan and Hill has secured at a
very low figure a majority of the stock of
the Panama Company and is now in abso
lute control, not only of the affairs of that
corporation, but of its property and
franchises as well.
Financiers Propose a Gi
gantic Scheme to the
President.
MORGAN WOULD
BUILD A CANAL
Rauer'a Law and . Collection Co., re
moved to 313. Bush st •
The. purest Chinese is spoken at-Nan
king, . and Is called "the language of the
mandarins."
NEW BONDED WAREHOUSE.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury has granted permission
to G. XV. Lamb to open the South End ware
house, st the Mail dock, as a government
fc"n<ied warehouse.
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in the World
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and information call
Et office. 4 New Montgomery street
Takes Child From Father.
The 3-year-old . child of Otto . Kopp.
who lives . at 9 Ritch ¦'.- street, ~ -was > taken
from the father yesterday by. Officer Me-
Murry < of the Society • for , the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children and placed in the
Maria Kip Orphanage. The father was 'in
the habit of leaving U»e little one in'; the
house by itself from -i o'clock i in "tiio
evening until after midnight. ; The child's
crying attracted the -attention" of, neigh
bors and the- Humane Society was -noti
fied. • ¦• • \ .-¦-. ¦•-•¦. ..-..
Philbrook's Case on Trial. \',
The action instituted by Horace W. Phil
brook against ex-Supreme ' Court; Justice
Van It. Paterson to recover $100,000 for
alleged slander was called for hearing in
Judge Murasky's court yesterday. Eleven
talesmen, yet liable to peremptory chal
lenges, occupied the box at the end of the
sitting. Owing to the fact that the* box
was exhaused special summons to .tardy
juroTs was issued and the case was con
tinued until this morning 1 . |
Nurses Receive Diplomas.
Graduation exercises were held last
night by the German Hospital Society and
eight nurses who bad completed the
course of instruction prescribed by the
institution were granted diplomas. Each
nyrse. as she stepptd forward to receive
her diploma, was greeted with applause
and was given a beautiful floral tribute.
The graduates also received from the so
ciety gold medals with which to com
memorate their school days. The youns
ladies who bade farewell to their alma
mater ere: Miss Annie Duhr, Miss L.
Rice, Miss Edna Soencer, Miss B. Lau
rence. Miss Nora Crane. Miss Josephine
FTancIs. Miss Emily Hiklson and Miss
Elizabeth Petersen.
ILLNESS OF NETHERSOLE
MAY S6ON BRING DEATH
Actress .Is Dying of Cancer in Lon
don, and Stage Caresr" Is Prob
\ ably Ended.'
' • LONDON, April " 1.— Olga ¦!¦ Nethersole'a
career as an actress is undoubtedly ended,
according to reports received ; by. ; her
friends.. Her collapse in America while
playing "Sapho" has* been followed , here
by an illness from which it is not thought
she will recover. An eminent physician,
whohas seen the actress,- says that it;is
only a question of a short time -when, her
illness will prove fatal. \, —
Miss Nethersole is confined to her apart
ments'in: London, where s physicians and
nurses are : in constant attendance. Her
illness is due to a, cancer, and while an
operation-has been talked of, it has been
decided, it would not be, successful and
would hasten. her death. _
CONSIDERING TITLES f-.
. : YOB, HEIR- APPARENT
Proposition to .Create the 7 Duke of
Cornwall \ and York Prince '; of .
¦\ Australia Rejected. .1 % -
LONDON, April 2.— It is understood that
a suggestion that the Duke of Cornwall
and York .should be . created Prince : of
Australia- has • been byr. King-
Ed ward ' and ¦ the Cabinet,", but rejected ! on
the ; ground "that t Canada, and the other
colonies had an equal right' to fee honored
in this fashion. An alternative suggestion
to create :the\ two eldest sons of, the Duke
of Cornwall and YorK the Prince of Cana
da- and ; the Prince -: of : Australia, respec
tively, is now under consideration.
Death of a Retired Merchant.
Louis Brown, a retired merchant, well
known In the commercial world, died at
his residence, corner of Pacific avenue and
¦Webster street, on Sunday afternoon last.
>lr. Brown organized the local firm of
Brown Bros. & Co.. wholesale clothiers.
In 1S58. and remained with the concern un
til eight years ago, when be retired to pri
vate life. He was also associated with
the Oregon City Woolen Mills Company.
For the last ten vears Mr. Brown had
been president of the Congregation Sher
ith Israel, and a member of the Mount
Zion Hospital Association since its or
ganization. Deceased was 72 years of age
and leaves a family of five grown chil
dren. The funeral will take place to
morrow at 10 a. m. from the Congregation
Sherith Israel.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
ANOTHER CURACAO SMUGGLER — R"
Miranda, third cook of the steamer Curacao!
¦n as -caught by Customs Inspector Stiver* yes
terday afternoon with a sack containing 375
smuggled Mexican cigars. The inspector
chased him from the grang plank for about a
block before he caught him. Miranda was
arrested. - - ;
\ PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.-PetUions In
insolvency were filed in the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday as follows: W A No
lan, card grrinder. Fruitvale, liabilities $650, as
sets $2 oO: Percival M. Eaton, farmer, Placer
ville, liabilities $859 53, assets $1100; ¦" Nelson
Bray, miner, Angels Camp, liabilities $2S62,
assets ?21C0. . ,
LECTURES ON PASSION PLAT.— Rev. J.
F. Nugent delivered a very entertaining lecture
en ' the Passion Play before a large and ap
preciative audience at St Brendan's Church
last night. Father Nugent has recently per
sonally witnessed the play abroad, and his
description of It was most entertaining. The
lecture was Illustrated with stcreoptlcon views.
WILL LECTURE ON PEKING.-The history
of the fall of Peking will be told by General
A. & Daggett of the United States army in a
locture to-night at the Yountr Men's Christian
Association auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets. General Daggett was in command of
tho Fourteenth Infantry when it entered Pe
king. Admission to the lecture is free. ¦
LONDON, April 2.— Dispatches from
Cape Town and Brussels talk of General
Botha and General Dewet joining, gather
ing 13,000 men for operations against Gen
eral French In the Transvaal. , ,
Two hundred Boers r have reappeared
near . Richmond, Cape Colony, and- the
town guard has been called out to defend
the place. •
Sotha and Dewet Said to Be : Plan
ning Operations Against French
J in the Transvaal.'
liOKEt GENEBALS TO JOIN
THIRTEEN THOUSAND MEN
TO HOLD CONVENTION
IN THE PALACE HOTEL
Three Hundred Kailroad Commis
sioners and Their Friends Will
Ba Here in June.
The Railroad Commissioners held a con
sultation with Manager Kirkpatrlck of
the Palace Hotel yesterday and perfected
pians for the reception of the Railroad
Commissioners' National Convention,
which will be held In this city on June 4,
5 and 6. The convention will be held in
the maple-room of the Palace. It is ex
pected that over 300 Railroad Commission
ers and their friends from all over the
country will be present.
DUPONT STREET DENS
CLOSED BY SULLIVAN
Chief of Police Compels Keepers cf
Disreputable Houses to Seek
Other Quarters.
Acting under instructions from thg Po
.Hce Commissioners, Cfcief Sullivan, last
night, closed all the disreputable houses
<jn Dupont street, between Pine and Cal
ifornia. Several weeks ago Father Wy
man appeared before the Commissioners
and asked them to lake some action to
force the women who inhabit these no
torious joints in the vicinity, of the pro
posed St. Mary's square to seek other
quarters.
President Newhall thought it proper to
remove the women and on his motion it
was decided to order the Chief of Police
to close the objectionable houses. Formal
notices were served on the keepers and
they were given a reasonable time in
which to move or suffer arrest.
Last night Chief Sullivan, accompaniftd
by Captain Wlttman. made a tour of the
proscribed district and peremptorily or
dered the keepers of the houses to close
their dens at once.
count of the preparation for the produc
tion of "The Idol's Eye," which will be
presented at the popular theater on Sat
urday evening.
Columbia.
The "Little Minister" began its second
and last week at the Columbia last night.
There -was an excellent house and the
play went smoothly. Next week Blanche
Walsh will be seen in "More Than
Queen. .
Fischer's Concert House.
Valentine Huber, an artist without
arms, j succeeded in" painting a wonder
ful work in oil with. his teeth at Fischer's
Qoncert-house last night. Mabel Martin,
a soprano, received five recalls, and Wil
liam McDonald, the basso prof undo, re
peated his success of last week. The
Kelcey sisters, singers and dancers, were
clever; Tom Mack, barytoner sang- sev
eral new songs and the Malvern family of
acrobats gave an exciting exhibition. De
Camp and Murdock presented a ''Mytho
logical Comedietta." -.
Chutes.
Barnes' big dog and pony show con
tinues to be the feature at this popular
place, a" new addition being the wonder
ful horse Ron ;o. Swor and Hathaway
appear in a « ever ¦ song and dance act.
Al and Mamie Anderson present another
of their laughable' sketches. Arthur
Rosell and Pearl Clough, the clever juve
niles, sing new songs. George Austin
Moore has been re-engaged. '
Olympia.
There is a good bill at the Olympia thla
week. Roscoe and Sims are musical ar
tists whose equals have rarely been seen
in San Francisco. They made a hit last
night. Clinton Montgomery and his illus
trated songs are popular, and the Kobert-'
aeriel act continues to be well received.
Garfield Post Entertainment.
James A. Garfield Post, Grand Army of
the Republic, and its. auxiliary organiza
tion, the Woman's Relief Corps, will give
a camp fire to-night in their post rooms.
Alcazar building, to which all comrades
and their families are Invited. There will
be presented a programme of merit, con
sisting of a vocal duet by Miss Elma An
derson and Richard Vandenberg; zither
solo, Mrs. Minnie Hoffman; fancy danc™.
Miss Nona Ritchie; vocal solo, Mrs. M. F.
Moyce: recitation, Mrs. Edna Bouilliarrl ;
"Goo Goo Eyes," little Miss Sophie Ni<»
sen; vocal solo, Miss Alfreda Lahl; reci
tation, • Joseph Damery, violin solo, Miss
A. Gladys Lahl; recitation. Miss . Irene
Douglass. The piano accompanists will
be Miss Sadie Moyce and Comrade SI^
L. Simon. After the entertainment a co'
latlon will be served? and a social dance
will conclude the evening's enjoyment.
&>s-|-saHE Robert Etowningr engagement
I at the Central Theater began last
II * night with "The Gladiator," Mr.
UL Downing' s SCOlst presentation of
the name role. It Is too late in the
day to comment upon 'Mr. Do wiring's pos
session of the gladiator habit, his per
formance to-day being just what it was
ten, five, two years ago, and probably
just what It will be ten years hence. The
Central audience, however, accepted the
new star with a flattering cordiality,
marred only by a slight dissent from his
somewhat strenuous methods signified in
the usual manner by the rude gods of
the gallery. Much praise Is due Mr.
Downing for the very effective setting the
piece has received, and also for the man
ner in which all the available energies of
the Central stock company have, been
utilized. ' , ,
Lorena At wood Is cast as Faustina, and
does a very creditable piece of work in
the role. Miss Atwood is always reliable,
and if she would learn to walk, her pleas
ing personality would be still more effect
ive. Fay Courtney is the Neodamia, the
gladiator's daughter, and in spite of her
manv elocutionary sins, is a charming
and pretty figure.
Robert F. Cummlngs, a new legiti
mate" engaged to support Mr. Downing,*
is a graceful and Intelligent Flavian, with
a matinee heroism hanging over his de
voted head. James M. Ward gives the
Origen, the Christian priest, without in
spiration, but with much quiet dignity,
and drew the usual "amen" from som©
Lenten devotee, who had war "ered into
the theater by mistake. The pagan
priest's part was in the hands of Miron
Leffingwell, and a more badly pitched
performance it would be impossible to
imagine. Mr. Lefflngwell brings the man
ners, voice and gestures of his Yankee
spy in "The Heart of Maryland" to his
conception of the role, and a more
flagrantly off-key effect could not be de
vised. It lacks every necessary quality.
The mounting of "The Gladiator" is
very satisfactory, not to say splendid, and
the second scene in Flavian's palace, with
its little ballet, is particularly well
handled. Altogether it is not "thumbs
down!" when the performance is to be
judged, at the Central prices, and the
week will probably see the good audiences
of last nieht repeated.
"Ingomar" will be presented next week.
Alcazar.
Scott Marble's dramatization of "Ten
nessee's Pardner," Bret Harte's idyllic
"pipe dream" of California miners and
gamblers, not as they are in life but as
sentimental boarding school misses would
like them to be, made a sympathetic audi
ence laugh and cry by turns for four acts
that were of so much Interest that they
did not seem to be long. Miss Convere's
Tennessee Kent was artless in Its art and
held the sympathy of the house all
through. Joseph Kilgour's .gambler,
"legitimate and high-toned;" was played
with a quiet dignity characteristic of
gambler gentlemen endowed with the
Bret Harte qualification. The trusting
husband of the wicked woman, who is too
easily converted into the path of recti
tude was a meritorious effort in the
hands of Howard Scott, while Agnes
Ranken was a trifle listless as the newly
wedded bride. Messrs. Emery and
Webster filled In the background of the
chaiacter sketch, but Mr. Webster
seemed to labor under the hallucination
that he was a Roman tragedian instead
of an ordinary American villain.
The fun of the play was contributed by
the quaint acting of Frank Bacon as Gee
whllliker Hay and Margaret Marshall as
the termagant Mrs. Hay. Fun bubbles
out of Bacon like petroleum out of oil
prospectuses.
"Tennessee's Pardner" was a pro
nounced success and it is sure tp have a
good week's run.
Orpheum.
All tastes in the amusement line are
catered to in the excellent bill presented
at the Orpheum ihis week. One. would In
deed have to be maliciously critical to ob
ject to a single number in the programme
presented. Miss Marie Wainwrlght, sup
ported . by clever people, was seen in a
sketch. "Napoleon and Josephine." The
clever actress is as magnetic as ever and
her Empire gowns are a revelation.
Vaudeville patrons are fortunate in being
able to see Miss "Walnwright and should
not miss the opportunity." Fuller, < Moller
and Burke have a rollicking farce, en
titled "Over the Pike." It is nonsensical
but mirth-provoking and introduces many
pretty ballads.
Quick changes of dress and character
songs are the features of a number pre
sented by "A Girl of Quality." The
absence of the young lady's name from
the programme gives rise to considerable
epecualtion. She Is a feature of this
week's performance. Hamilton Hill, the
popular barytone, returns with a budget
of new songs and rouses as much en
thusiasm as ever. The performing dogs of
Tschernoff. the sketches of Callahan and
Mack, Scott and Wilson and tfc- new
biograph views round out one of the best
Orpheum offerings In many months. .
Tivoli.
That- pleasing opera, . "The Wedding
Day," entered on its third week at the
Tivoli last night, and judging by the at
tendance the production has scored a de
cided hit. The music is catchy and the
singers do ample Justice to the score
There will be no matinee Saturday on ac-
COMPLAINT AGAINST
THE HONGKONG MABU
by Carrying Pilot Freeman
as Passenger. ¦
Alleged to Have Violated the Law
Customs Surveyor Spear filed a report
yesterday with Customs Collector Strat
lon concerning an alleged violation of law
by the Hongkong Mam.
The roport states that that steamship
on her recent trip to this port carried
Pilot E. M. Freeman from Honolulu tf
this port and also neglected to place his
•name on the nassenger list.
Captain Freeman is a pilot under the
laws of the State of California and went
to Honolulu on a visit a short time ago.
It in contrary to law for a foreign vessel
to transport freight or passengers from
one domestic port to another, and this is
the offense which is alleged to have been
committed- by- the ' Maru. Captain Free
man can act as pilot only under the law*
of the State of California and it is stated
in the report that he could not have come
from Honolulu In his capacity as pilot.
WASHINGTON, April 1.— The findings
of the Military Court. of Inquiry which
investigated the treatment alleged to have
been accorded to the late Oscar L. Booz,
a former cadet at West Point Military
Academy, have been made public at the
War DeDartment. The , findings of the
military court are summed "up in a letter
written to Secretary Root which .accom
panies the report. The letter says: , ' ¦-.;
"The findings of this court of inquiry,
which are sustained by the evidence, show,
that the statements, which. led ta the con
vening of the court, to the effect that for
mer Cadet Oscar L. Booz came to his
death by reason of injuries received by
hazing at. the academy, were not true.
They show that at the timo Cadet Booz
was a. member of the academy hazing
was prevalent there to a deplorable . ex
tent; that the present officers of the acad
emy have shown -commendable energy,
zeal and efficiency in detecting and pun
ishing offenses of this character, and that
they greatly decreased the practice and
improved. the public sentiment among the
cadets upon the subject. - -
"The testimony and findings of the court
were placed in the hands of the.commit
tee of Congress charged at about the same
time with' the investigation of the sub
ject and the very efficient ; and beneficial
action of that committpe, followed by. the
legislation u.pon'1,he subject contained in
the act of March 2, 1901, renders further
action by the department unnecessary."
Military Court Reports Booz
Did Not Die Prom Bru- r
tal Treatment. ./
V» irr ISS MATTIE CHOATE, a, relative of the distinguished statesman who
fl\Vf\l represents this country at tlie ' Court of King Edward VII, is among
II W \l tne cnJef attractions of the new Eastern Stock Company that opens at
ZL V IV. Morosco's Grand Opera-house on Saturday evening next in the Easter
' • dramatic spectacle "Cinderella." Miss Choate. though naturally proud
of her brilliant kinsman, does not rely on her social prestige for success, but is an
exceptionally gifted actress who has won. after- sevaral .seasons of hard work by
sheer ability an enviable position on the American stage. She Is conceded by the
Eastern critics to be one of the best leading heavy actresses of the day, and has
appeared in "The Wife," "Charity Bail" and other vogue plays with great suc
cess.-nor Is her ability limited to one line of business, and her versatility may bi
instanced by the fact that she. scored. a brilliant hit as Parthenia in "Ingomar,"
•and was accounted by quite a number of Eastern theatrical writers to be the best
representative of the role since Mary Anderson. . . . ; .¦ :
CADET HAZING
NOT THE CAUSE
When Clara McCann -appeared at the
Hall of Justice yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock, when the case "of vagrancy
against her was to :. be called in Judge
Mogan's court, Policeman" Sylvester fol
lowed her Into the warrant clerk's office
and served her with the warrant issued
last I November, accusing her of attempt
ing to extort . $2500 from - Christian W.
Smith. She was taken to the City Prison,
booked on the charge and promptly re
leased on bail . furnished by Walter Gal
lagher, her attorney. -
Miss McCann went to, Judge Mogan's
court, and Attorney Gallagher vehemently
attacked the Police Department for what
he alleged was persecution. "This wo
man, comes into court," said Gallagher,
"to ' answer , the charge of vagrancy,
against her and she is pounced upon -by
a policeman and served with a warrant
that has been in the hands of the Police
Department for over, four months. 'The
Police Department has also neglected to
serve the subpena upon J. J. Gottlob, al
though he was in the city, Saturday and
part of Sunday,; but has now gone East
for some months. ;He accused this wo
man of being a vagrant and I wanted
him here to prove it. It seems as If there
was no intention of serving the subpena.'.
Attorney W. S. Barnes was in court and
said he represented Christian W. Smith,
the complaining- witness in the case of
attempted extortion. He said Mr. Smith
refused to prosecute the case, as the wo
man had not annoyed him since and he
wanted it dismissed. The Judge remarked
that the case was in Judge Cabaniss' court
and the request could be made to him.
Meantime he would continue the vagrancy
case till this morning and the prosecu-.
tion could see whether there was any. use
In proceeding. ; .' - ' .-••-¦ . • ,'.
. As , Judge • Cabaniss was busy with a
jury trial Barnes decided to wait till this
morning before asking that the case be
dismissed. ¦ ".- ¦ '¦¦..¦¦.'<-.¦
Clara McCann Arrested on
the Warrant Issued
Last November.,
The mustering but of the Twenty-sev
enth Infantry at the Presidio yesterday
was 'conducted under conditions that af
forded the soldiers an opportunity, to "get
even" with certain storekeepers in the
neighborhood of the military reservation
and others of the human vampire : specie *:
Early in the morning the grafters, began
to gather and their number kept increas
ing until at 12 o'clock there were so many
of those bipeds, who make an easy living
off the unsophisticated ; soldiers, congre
gated around the entrance to the Pre
sidio that, it became necessary to adopt
drastic, measures to protect the soldiers.
Colonel Cummins of the Twenty-seventli
was informed of the condition of affairs
arid immediately had the camp of the
Twenty-seventh surrounded by a mounted
guard, which was ordered to Keep all.per
sons out of the camp who coulu give no
valid reason for their presence. The gua:d
obeyed the order to the letter with the
result that fully lt/0 men, who have bec.\
hanging around the camps for some time
past, were driven" from the reservation.
The guard .was under the S command of
Provost Sergeant Davis, who has been
stationed at the. Presidio for a number ot
months and is thoroughly acquainted with
the men who have been in the habit 01
tieecing the soldiers.- Under his direction
numerous "individuals, who have been
under the impression that a soldier is
easy, game, were ordered out. At the en
trance to the Presidio the • grafters I fell
into the hands of the police officers, who
kept them on the move. The result of
this concerted movement on the part of.
the police and military .-. was a freedom
from the wily schemers such as has not
been enjoyed for some time by the reg'-'
ments mustered out at the Presidio.
The Twenty-seventh was paid off by
Majors Campbell and Belknap. As a re
sult of the payment of the soldiers and
their release "from the army regulations
the police officers were kept very busy
During the day several arrests were
made, but the most serious charge wa*
drunkenness. Several soldiers were taken
to the North End police station and co.i
nned until the effects of too frequent in
dulgence in Presidio whisky had worn off.
This attention to the soldiers was given
in order to prevent the troopers, upon
whom liquor works like a torch on a oile
of shavings, from gathering in crowds.
Lieutenant .Knox of Company A, Twen
ty-seventh Infantry was the happiest man
in the camp of that regiment yesterday.
During- the day he was presented with a
beautiful silver loving cup from, the men
of the company 1 he commanded. The cup
is a handsome affair and was given to the
lieutenant as a token of the esteem In
which he is held by his men "on account
of his many sterling qualities and efforts
on behalf of the men while in camp and in
the field." >
Palmer Hughes, private Company B,
Twenty-second Infantry, died yester'day
at the .General Hospital from dysentery.
The many friends of Captain Orrin B.
Wolfe thronged his tent in I the Mod*l
Camp yesterday . and tendered him the ; r
congratulations upon his promotion to a
captaincy. Captain Wolfe is another of
the soldiers who have risen -from ; the
ranks by reason of merit. He is a hero
of two campaigns, having- served in CuEa
and the Philippines, conducting: himself
with- such bravery in both campaigns as
to receive from his superiors mention for
conspicuous gallantry. Captain Wolfe is
a Kentuckian and is the son- of a brave
officer who served with. distinction in the
army of Uncle Sam. •-.-. . • i
SMITH REFUSES
TO PROSECUTE
Camp of Twenty-Seventh. Infantry
Surrounded by Mounted Patrol' j
While Troops Are Being
) :^V -T; Paid Oft*.
Soldiers to Be Discharged
: Are: Protected by Men
TT J *
Under Arms.
CHAPTERS BARRED
FROM PRESIDIO
UNITARIAN CLUB
GIVES BANQUET
Resources and Development
of California Dwelt Upon
by Speakers.
Interesting Addresses by Professors
Joseph. Le Conte, Elwood Head and
W. H. Mills on Elvers, For
ests and Mountains.
The bi-monthly banquet of # the Unita
rian Club was held last evening at the
rocms of the Merchants' Club, 222 San
fcmf street, more than 100 members being
present
Warren Gregory, president of the club,
T.as in the chair, the guests of honor be
ing Professor Joseph Le Conte of Berke»
ley University, Professor Elwood Mead
<if the department of Irrigation of the
T.'nited States Bureau of Agriculture and
VT. H. Milis of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company.
After a bountiful repast. President Greg
ory in a few well chosen words introduced
IV. H. Mills, who spoke on the subject
' 'Forests of California." Mr. Mills, by
quoting facts and figures, demonstrated
the vital importance of the forests to th«
welfare of the State and claimed that it
was the duty of every citizen to prevent
the ruthless destruction of the monarcha
of the leafy kingdom. He cited the ex
amples of France and Germany, which
countries spent millions of dollars to pre
serve their forests and increase the
growth of the trees. The danger of forest
tires and decrease in moisture were ably
dwelt upon by the speaker, who was
v.armly applauded when he concluded his
addres-s. .
Professor Le Conte was heartily wel
cimed when introduced by the chairman.
•The distinguished geologist gave a most
tirarr.ed address on "The Mountains of
California," and was listened to for an
.hour with marked attention. The speaker
jowelt on the value of communion with
ir.ature and said that part of his life was
'.to beheld each year the grandeur of the
; superb mountains of California. The geo
. iog-ic-al history of the mountains was ex
plained by Professor Le Conte and many
•scientific subjects were touched upon.
. Professor E'.wood Mead spoke on "The
Rivers of California." He described In
.humorous vein the many claims to water
:i-iphts filed in this State and caused hearty
laughter by saying that California would
i«e inundated if she possessed half as
much water as the claims called for. He
•dwelt on the possibilities of development
utt California jf the waters and forests
were preserved. The speaker claimed that
riparian rights must be abrogated and
t hat no person liad the right to lay claim
to water which was public property. Pro
fessor Mead argued for the establishment
of a proper tribunal to determine the wat
er rights and end the interminable litiga
tion. He said that the present system of
water rights was injurious to public in
terest and that an end should be put to
this state of affairs. Professor Mead was
loudly cheered at the close of his speech.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; APRIL ;/ 2, 1901.
5
MATTIE CHOATE.
I A Relative of Our Embassador'to the Court of St. James to Open
at Morosco's Grand Opera House Saturday Night,
, . . . . • . _ , .
"Gladiator" Well Presented— Orpheum
Prodigal of Good Things-r-"Tennes
see's Pardner" at Alcazar a Success.
CENTRAL AUDIENCE
APPROVES DOWNING
h Why don't you try GOLD DUST Washing Powder and decide for yourself? n
H ¦ . ; GOLD - DUST cleans . every thing from cellar to garret— clothes, furniture, wood-work, £1
§ . ,:;¦ dishes, Bilvef, kettles, pillows— everything/ House work is hard work without GOLD DUST. ||
H * ... * ' f ¦.•..'.'"'''¦'¦'¦'• TVt **?«» VkV TUP XT ' If ' C A ID T> A a &.?mV - ' ' 3.1
BB * i inuc %jy • nc^ »»• X\* C » »* p /\ pf f% \_rVi/,f*TL Mr Jnk^i m #¦$The ; students of Chicago University are said to be
organizing a comic opera troupe, and .if so we shall
doubtless have a stage. representation ot the statement
of the (Chicago professor that Rockefeller is greater
than Shakespeare. -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Women and cats," said the youthful
boarder, "are alike." .xvuhjiui
- '-'Wrong, young; man," said the rh Mr
fui: Idiot. "A. woman can't runn Da «i
egraph pole, and a cat can't run ur» a mil
linery ¦ bill."— Indianapolis Press. .
"When you does some folks a favcr "
said Uncle Eben. "deir. gratitude ain't so
muchfph de 'mejit benefit as It is foh giv
en' 'em a slant an' lettin' 'em know whan
to come nex'itime."— Washington Star.
The nurse excitedly and joyously an
nounces I an interesting family : event that
the absent-minded professor has forgot
ten all about.. "Professor, 1 a, little boy.'¦
"Well." ask him what he wants."—Phila
delphia : Press. ¦-¦. * .
CALIFORNIANS IN W^SHINGTOH
WASHINGTON. April 1.— The following
Calif ornlans are In Washington: At tha
Raleigh— C. Kittredge of San Francisco;
Shoreham— Edmund Baker of San Fran
cisco and F. A. Brush and wife of Santa
Rosa; Arlington— Stephen L. Harris and
Mrs. Edwin Harris of San Francisco;
Metropolitan— Mrs. H. M. Welen of San
Francisco.
CAIiITOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, April 1.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New Tork: From San;
Francisco — C. C.'Platte, at the. Navarre;
F. V. Bell, at the Herald Square; J. Dur*
ney and I* F.. Geissler, at the Imperial j
T. G. Hart, at the Bartholdi; M. A.
Hirschman, at the Hoffman; P. W. R.
King, at the Holland; I. Webster, at tha
Navarre; N. Rise, at the Albert. From
Los Angeles— C. r>. Cheeseman. at th»
Murray Hill; G. W. King, at Park ave
nue; F. W. Larkin and wife and E. D.
Marble, at the St. Denis; A. Pearson and
wife, at the St. Cloud; R. H. Smith, at
the Astor.
THE WAY OF THE CONQUEROR.
READERS who have given even the most casual
attention to the situation, in Manchuria have
noted the conflict between the stories of Rus
sian aggression told by newspaper correspondents in
that part of the world and the official statements of
the Russian Government. According to the cor
respondents, American, British and German, the Rus
sian armies .have actually taken possession of Man
•churia; while according- to the diplomats there has
been no aggression of any kind, ; nor has the Russian
Government even made a demand upon China for a
concession of sovereignty in the province.
In passing judgment upon these conflicting reports
and statements some persons have doubtless decided
that the correspondents had exaggerated affairs, while
ethers have been of the opinionthat the" t-.' Russian
Government has been practicing diplomacy in accord
with Talleyrand's rule that words' were given to man
t) enable him to "conceal his thoughts. It may.b'e that
justification exists for each of those views, but another
explanation has now been given which impugns the
veracity of neither tht correspondents nor of the dip
lomats. It amounts to a statement, that the Russian
Government, as a matter of fact, has never been ag
gressive in Manchuria, while at the same time it con
firms the reports that Russian troops have completely
durninated the province. v ¦ 7
- According to the new explanation, which is furnished;
to the Pall Mall Gazette by a traveler in Manchuria,
tl> Russian general in that province is acting without
'orders. From a summary that comes to us. of his
statement it appears the commander, of the Russian
forces is proceeding on the principle that "a con
queror can never' be punished," and, unless checked
by force, will take possession of North China as wall
as of Manchuria. He is said recently/ to have summed
up.the situation as follows: "France is our bank,
America is governed by women, Germany is too slow,
ancVEngland is finished y therefore Asia will fall into
our hands." ;. ': - . " .
If that statement be true the Russian Government is
playing a policy that has been practiced since ever ag-'
gressive: empires began^n the world. It has not been
an 'uncommon thing ..for "conquerors, to permit
a ¦¦ commander to , go ahead,, while, reserving the
privilege' of disclaiming his actions if events should
nuJce it necessary, but at the same time being always
ready to profit by them .if occasion serve. The Rus
sian general has plenty of historic' precedent to justify
his assertion. that conquerors are never punished. He
•s playing for big , stakes, and : if fortune be with him
we may be sure that however emphatically the diplo
mats of "Russia may deny having given him authority
to act/ his Government will ' not remove him from
command unless, indeed/ it be thought advisable to
give him a higher one. ,
Carnegie up to this time has not given any notable
amount of money to' the British since he arrived in
their country," but "he has given them advice to the
effect that they should put a heavy export duty on coal
so as to prevent' the waste of their fuel supply, and
perhaps the advice is more valuable than any amount
of money he could have given them.
peoples would mean submersion. The ex
perience gained in the small laboratories
of the West Indies has npt inspired the
French— save a few doctrinaires, incapa
ble of learning and forgetting— with the
desire of applying the policy on a larger
scale. : -- *>_>¦>'.: , . ¦ .
The result is, therefore, that the French
colonial empire, incloses an immense num
ber of negroes whose social status is only
touched upon with the greatest precau
tion. In the African territories the colon
ial administration of the natives is still
rudimental. In the fetichistic countries of
the Congo the black villages keep their
chiefs, whose excesses are repressed by
the French administrator if they go be
yond all measure, unless the tribes be too
far away from control. In the Sudan, on
Mussulman ground, we have begun by a
work of substitution. The great Moham
medan conquerors and slave-hunters had
destroyed the local groupings; we have re
made them as well as possible, aided by
the natural tendency of the Sudanese pop
ulations toward municloal combination.
In Madagascar the village represents
the native unit, though there is already
d slightly more developed organization to
be fcund there. In tJhort, it might be said
that at the present time the French pos
sessions of Africa are divided into an im
mense ' number of small protectorates,
governing themselves under a somewhat
scattered supervision, as are, moreover,
the different French posts.
French, Have Brought Peace.
This does not mean that the French ad
ministration lacks interest in the progress
of the native population. By a continual
pressure it tries to abolish barbarous cus
toms. It represses as much as possible
the remnants of cannibalism. It has
suppressed the slave trade, and if it toler
ates domestic slavery, which is a form of
the family life in the societies of West
ern "Africa, it watches lest it become bar
barous. It prevents as much as it can the
pursuit of fugitive slaves by their mas
ters. :¦¦ .'>> »• « .,-;
For the sake of justice we must admit
that the French have introduced an un
known evil Into their African domains, a
hundred times smaller, indeed, than the
barbarian tyrants whom they overthrew,
yet still very injurious— It Is the forced
labor system. In the countries where the
European administration was active and
exacting — in Madagascar, for, instance — it
became • odious to the natives. In Congo
it caused small revolutions. But forced
labor has just been suppressed in Mada
gascar and elsewhere, and it is being re
placed more and more by paid labor. - *
In Indo-China the French encountered
an advanced society with graded office
holders, and • they naturally wished to
govern through the medium of this hier
archy. -In Tonquln, Annam and Cambodia
the French provincial President controls,
theoretically, only the administrative and
legal acts of the native prefects, who are
high mandarins, drawn as in China from
the class of the literati recruited by ex
aminations. But though the Annamites,
like all the extreme Orientals, have beau
tiful family virtues, they lack administra
tive gifts. They yield regularly to extor
tion, and - their justice is mercenary, so
much so that in spite of all theories, from
the simple controllers they were to be the
French functionaries became direct ad
ministrators, as in the oldest colony of
Cochin-China.
Natives Not "to Be Assimilated.
Our observations show that the French
have renounced the hope of assimilating
the natives, even In colonies where a
large European element should influence
their ideas and customs' strongly by put
ting them under an assimilating admin
istration. ¦ We see that the present ten
dency is not toward the humanitarian
openness ; of heart of fifty years ago. and
that there. Is little "probability that the
French republic will make citizens of her
'many-colored subjects; at least not in a
future the present generation will live to
see ---. --. .' '¦ --
It has been demonstrated by experience
that -it is very imprudent to attempt a
hasty evolution of subjected races- that
they are enly completely disorganized
thereby and reduced to ungovernable hu
man dust. It pays better to develop the
good in them than ; to force forpis-n
elements upon them. : "'"gn
autonomy upon the colonies says in effect
that taxes may be imposed upon the colo
nies to the extent of the military ex
penses incurred there. ; •
Commerce of the Colonies.
The budget of a majority ¦ of the colo
nies does not yet allow the charging of
such expenses upon them. So "far. such
payments are required from only four
colonies— Indo-China, an exceptionally
rich country, which is to contribute $2,160,-"
000 to the home government's war chest,
instead of continuing to contribute direct
ly a" similar sum to the maintenance of
the corps of occupation; French Guinea,
the ivory coast and Dahomey.: The Gov
ernment asks but $2000 from each of these
possessions, as a matter of principle.
The Government subsidizes not only col
onies, but also colonial enterprises, such
as railroads, for example, in Senegal and
Reunion. The state, moreover, guaran
teesthe greater part of the colonial loans,
amounting at present to $82,400,000. Only
the Indo-China loan of $40,000,000 was
raised without a guarantee from the Gov
ernment of France. These, sums, almost
all of which were loaned within the last
two years, do not seem to exceed the fu
ture capacities of the colonies which bor
rowed them, especially when the railroads
and other public works, for the comple
tion of which they are utilized, shall be
finished. ; .
In 1898 the commerce of Algiers amount
ed to Slll.OOO.CO&v of which $90,000,000 was
carried on with France. To this we must
add $21,000,000 for- Tunis (in 1S99),. her com
merce with France amounting to $13,400,
000. >
The conditions of the more distant colo
nies are less bright, though their commer
cial activity is increasing. Their total
commerce has risen from $93,000,000 in 1892
to $116,400,000 in 189S. This is not a very
rapid progress, especially for new coun
tries; but this very newness explains for
the' most part the slowness. We have just
seen that the , French colonies only very
recently borrowed the necessary sums for
the building of railroads, which they al
most entirely lack. Outside of Algeria,
and, exce-pt for the lines from Dakar to
St. Louis and from Senegal to> the Niger
still incomplete— and a few very i short
roads in Cochin-China and Tor.quin, the
French colonies have no railroads.' Only
the neighboring parts -of the coast thus
far have entered upon the universal com
mercial activity." ' ¦
Buta more artificial cause delays the
economic development of our possessions—
namely, the protective tariffs ; applied to
the majority of them. The experience
gained by- France in this respect should
Interest the United States. These tariffs
inclose virtually the whole of the Fr.ench
empire. The protectionists in power es
.teem the 'possessions beyond the seas
mainly -as a market for France." The na
tives are impoverished by, the necessity
of obtaining their supplies from a market
not naturally adapted to certain of their
needs. They become less able to pay taxes
at the ; very moment when the Governors
are » most . inclined to tax them, because
the revenues accruing from the duties are
diminishing. ."By dint of being protective
the tariff ceases to be fiscal.* -in order to
restore the • equilibrium : of the colonial
budget there is no alternative left to the
Governors but to tax the poor natives or
to ask subsideies from : home. ..They gen
erally decide upon the ' latter proceeding.
Protective Tariffs a Handicap.
The high protective tariffs of the colo
nies ; have rather fallen into disfavor in
France of late. • As a result of treaties
they have not been- enforced in the -last
annexed territories, and these territories
are doing so well under this liberal- re
gime that France probably will not intro
duce its customs Into any new.: acquisi
tions it may make in the future. *A'>new
conception is dawning, one that does not
look: at the colonies as a market for the
republic's products, but rather, as a field
for the capital and energy flowing from
the republic.' ¦ . , ' . . ¦ .
: Most of the French colonies are tropi
cal lands,** where the white man Is the
overseer of native, labor, and not a true
settler. It- requires but a very limited
European - list ,to prove such colonies | val
uable.' British .India,: where . the number
•of English is 1 not much more than' 100,000,
against 290,000,000 natives, demonstrates
convincingly- the possibilities for what one
might ¦ call . the ;; fmpericl - race to ¦ govern
and administer-in very small numbers Im
mense masses of Asiatics and Africans." :
.In the 1 whole colonial empire of France
"there are only, Algeria and Tunis, Ne'v
Caledonia — a~ relatively • small island — and
perhaps - part - of . tit* high tablelands -of
Madagascar fit for European settlement.
White People in the : Colonies.
The question of peopling the colonies is
nearly solved -in Algeria and ,. Tunis." as
these two countries. together contain more
than 700,000 European ;; colonists,'' a?llttlo
more than half of .whom are French. There
is a European race growing up there that
stands ! in > about - the • same -relation ¦: to ' the
French race as do the inhabitants ofrtha
United States ; to : their \ old -Anglo-Saxon
mother country. However," the neo- French
people 'working out : their r destiny, in ? Al
eeria' will never form more than z - the mi-
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. H. Vance of Eureka la at the Grand".
C. Roy, an oil man of Bakersfield, is at
the Lick.
E. L." "Webber, an attorney of Napa, la
at the Grand.
E. R. Reed, an oil man of Bakersfield, Is
at the Grand.
J. G. Scott, an oil man residing at Ag
news, Is at the California.
E. S. Scott, a banker of Pacific Grove,
is registered at the Grand.
Lady "Van Home and Miss Van Horse
of Montreal are at the Occidental.
A- P. Walleck, a railroad man of St.
Paul, Minn., is a guest at the Lick.
T. A. Work, an extensive -land-owner of
Pacific Grove, is a guest at the Grand.
B. «L. Smith of Eureka, Nev., accompa
nied by his wife, is a, guest at the Occi
dental. \
H. J. Seymour, a Southern Pacific Rail
road official at Sacramento, Is at thg
Grand.
General W. Forsyte, an extensive fruit
raiser of Fresno. Is registered at the Oc
cidental. EsSB
F. A. Falkenberg. a prominent officer of
the Woodmen of the World, accompanied
by his wife, is at the California.
J. T. Nott, manager of the Colorado
Midland Railway eating-houses and man
ager of the Cripple Creek Hotel, is spend
ing a few days in the city.
T. H. Whitehead. manager of the Char
tered Bank of India. Australia and China, ]
with headquarters in Hongkong, arrived;
here yesterday and is. a guest at the Oc-»
cidental.
P\A ANY are the stories of heroism and of daring
/ \ that come to us among the reports from" the
Philippines, but not one among them has told
of a braver deed than that of Lieutenant Commander
Jesse M. Roper, who when his gunboat, the Petrel,
was on fire went down into the suffocating smoke to
rescue the seamen below. ;He met" his death in the
effort, and the War Department ; in .announcing the
rews has well laid aside official formality and cold
ress to add, "It was a hero's death." / \ •
;Such deeds are not rare 'in the world. Wherever
danger makes a demand upon humanity'there is nearly
always some brave soul to respond. by an act "of self
sacrifice worthy of the honor.- - Again -and
again the press has occasion to record such deeds.
They are performed not by soldiers or by sailors
only. The annals of the Fire and the Police depart
ments of our cities are full of instances of courage
equal to any ever shown upon the battle field, and not
infrequently men upon whom no official duty rests,
aric who are bound by no professional service to con
front danger, show th-mselves ready to risk life and
to give it, if need be, for the purpose of saving an
olher.V.T^''
Common as such deeds are, they should never pass
unnoted by the public. There is so much of pettiness
and meanness in life that we can, well afford to give
some time to the consideration of acts which attest
the essential nobleness of humanity. Lieutenant Com
mander Roper went to his death under circumstances
that show his courage and his high conception of duty
as 'conspicuously as if he had died at the head of a
forlorn hope storming the fortress of an enemy. He
merits, therefore, as much of honor as has been given
to any of the popular heroes of. war. He attests once
more the sterling manhood of* the American officer,
and his deed can be read with gratified pride as well
as with sorrow by every loyal citizen.
It was a hero's death. With that praise from the
War Department the relatives and friends of. the brave
man may take such consolation in their sorrow as can
come to them from The fact that they have not only
the sympathy of their fellow citizens, but that the
memory of .their dead 'will -be cherished, among -the
heroes of the, navy of their county. . .
THE DEATH OF A HEROi
The military expenditures of France for
1901 on account of her colonies, including
those of Algeria, Tunis and the expedition
to China, will amount to about $38,000,000.
The outlay. for civil expenses in the colo
nies above the local receipts will be 1 about
$8,000,000 additional. The deficit in Algeria
is $3,000,000 out of a total expenditure there
of $14,000,000, . much of which Is for pay
ment of Interest , guaranteed to the com
pany which ballt 2000 miles of Algerian
railways. '» Tunis, which has an autono
mous ; budget, clears Its own civil ex
penses. France, therefore, pays about
$46,000,000 this year for her empire beyond
the seas. •. • ; •-.
The.tendenc^nbw is toward simplifying
the _' colonial gorernments. The creation of
a colonial army- has centralized all mili
tary affairs In the War Ministry. TJhe col-*
onles are' to have ' autonomous civil ..bud
gets, this reform | to apply to Algeria" in
1902. It is exnected that henceforth the
colonies will bear all their : own civil ex
penses', .. except . '. for 'certain subsidies - in
process of payment," such "as the Interest
on the Algerian railway debt.
France to Pay Military Expenses.
France, however, is still' to bear, the mil
itary cost of the colonies for. a time. ¦ As
soon as - the , colonial receipts cover the
civil expenses the colonies will have to
contribute to the military and naval ex
penses — in a word, to the burdens of sov
ereignty. The law which confers financial
norlty of the population of the country.
Over against the active and flourishing
group of 700,000 Europeans there are 6,00),
000-natives in these dependencies, and
their, number is increasing. Certainly the
Europeans have taken a part of their
land from them, yet in return have taught
them how to cultivate the rest better. Tho
Europeans also employ these natives and
pay them well. Consequently the famlne3
that used to mow down periodically the
natural growth of the Algerian Mussul
mans have disappeared, as nave also j the
wars of the tribes, which heloed in the
work of lowering 1 the population. • -
In New Caledonia, where the free Euro
peans number 10,000, and there, are 8000
convicts sentenced to deportation from
France, there are but 31,000 natives, and
those are dying out. In Madagascar, how
ever, there are not more than 15,000 Euro
peans, nearly 12,000 of whom are soldiers.
?Ten thousand civilian Frenchmen ar« lost
in the Asiatic masses of Indo-China: in
the Immense spaces of French West Af
rica only about 4000 Europeans are to be
found, at least half of whom are military
men. The white groups are, therefore,
like drops In these black or yellow oceans.
Even if the Europeans increase, a little,
this disproportion will not grow less, will
rather become more and more crushing:.
The imnroved conditions of the food sup
ply under French administration and the
restoration of peace in the war-cursed re
gions remove two limitations which. have
acted to keep down the rapid Increase of
native races. With rio more famine and
no more tribal wars or slave raids the
population will gain rapidly.
i "We of France have' learned that the
granting of citizenshto to all our subject
At a recent : meeting of. wine men in London the
story came out that the amount of wine contracted
for the Duke of, Cornwall's tour around' the world
and through the British empire is so large that the
ship could not carry it, and consequently the con
tractors, have had to arrange for delivering a new
supply at various ports." Evidently the Dujce is', not
going to have" a dry time even if he should strike a
dry. town. ;
SAN FRANCISCO
SHOULD HAVE
AN AQUARIUM
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in thl3 column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communicat:on3 of general Interest.
Editor Call— Your editorial upon thu
above subject In the Issue , of Saturday
last -was both* interesting and opportune.
The proposition to have an aquarium la
one which commends itself for many rea
sons, as you very clearly show. Few, ii
any, cities afford such easy facilities and
suck natural resources to establish aa
aquarium as San Francisco.
The proximity of pure sea water, tho
extensive- trade with tropical coasts and.
islands and the grreat southern and equa
torial oce#n regions within easy sail of
this city, present possibilities of mainte
nance and of supply *or such an aquarium
that the conclusion you arrive at— that
there not being one In this city is "a
notabla omission"— is most fully justified.
There is still associated in the minds of
many a sort of weird, mysterious uncar.
nlness about the "creatures that move la
tne waters." This s'entiment, among oth
ers, ever causes an aquarium to be a
popular place of resort, and more espe
cially so if the collection contains speci
mens of tropic and deep sea life, such aa
the climatic conditions of San Francisca
would enable to be successfully main*
tained in captivity. One could almost ba
excused If he stood In open-mouthed won
der when he sees for the first time the
unique and grotesque platax (seabats>
swimming about, with their curious flna
and ill-formed bodies, as if they had bee:*
made "on contract"- rather than a finished
product of the Divine Creator; or per
chance, the still more "freak-like" fucua
seahorse, whose spines with their lon<
filamentous appendages, give the body
such a ragged appearance that it caa
be scarcely distinguished from, the sea
weed, among which this odd creature lives
and exists. As a cause for surprise what
can be said for the paradise nsh or tha,
parrot-wrasse, the brilliant coloring ot
which outshines the most gorgeously;
plumaged bird, and so with many moro
curious types. Even, hundreds of staid,
New Yorkers will parade around the tan*
in the New Tork Aquarium in which tha
great sea 'turtle paddles to and fro hi*'
huge body, and when one day "Big Ben. 1
as he is named, unfortunately got one oC
his flippers Jammed In the outflow pipiv
of his tank, completely shutting off th«
water, it was deemed sufHciently Interest
ing to be made public by a two-Inch artl-:
cle In the Sun." As to the popularity*
thc-e would be no doubt. But apart from
Its- popularity the aquarium could be mada
distinctly valuable as an adjunct to the*
Board of Trade, where many of the probj,
lems connected with the "fish industry
could be commercially and scientifically"
investigated. The conservation of tho».
fish products of the Pacific Coast is one
of deep concern and demands and li
worthy of as Intelligent treatment as th<3
outputs of the-placer mine or oil field. To
the trade fisherman, as well as the sporting:
angler, the subject of an aquarium should
especiaHy appeal; could they not stimu
late public interest in the matter by ar
ranging, say in the fall of this year or
other seasonable period, a fishery exhibit,
including in that specimens of marine,
lake and river life in all attainable forms;
preserved specimens scientific and com
mercial, and also exhibit methods of fish
ing, boats, tackle, apparatus, In short all
that tends to attract to, to instruct In
or to develop the great field, of which
such a*n aquarium as you propose wouirt
be the best exponent. The subject. In
consideration of Its importance and In
view of the great future of San Francisco,
is one which— let us hope — will be deemed
worthy of the indorsement you so fitly
SU&SeS FREDEBICK "W. D'EVELYN.
President Geographical Society of Cali
fornia.
which'is founded in -the scriptural injunction; Bear
ye.the burdens of one another. 4
• v In- this' practical working that doctrine. keeps pov
erty away from every Quaker door.
As : poverty has its rise mostly' in the common and
unavoidable accidents and incidents of mortality, their
consequences falling upon one were immediately dis
tributed to every one in the meeting and crushed no
body. " In . that form of religious democracy the re
cipient pf the benefit lost -no' caste,' for under his mu
tual obligation he stood ready to do for another his
share of that which all did for him. <
It is a good sign when two such plain and whole
some principles are. brought to the attention of man
kind by a King, whose whisper is heard farther than
the loud cry of a private man. * / .
', ~ By; R-oToert ci© Osiix.
FOREIGN EDITOR OF THE JOURNAL DES DEBATS.
- ¦_ ¦; ¦ : , . • - .
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
VTL— THE COLONIES OF FBANCE—THEIR TRADE .AND GOVEBN
MENT. _
How France Protects the Trade and Govern
ment of Her Colonies Until Autonomy
Is Deserved and Granted.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
.¦ • ", . r.
¦Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
• • The Sa-n Francisco Call
It is stated that the Southern States which since the
war have been importing from the West nearly! all
their corn and hog supplies are now raising nearly
as large a quantity of those articles as the home mar
ket demands and will soon be competitors for the for
eign market. :Thus does the rush toward overproduc
tion operate among farmers as well as among manu
facturers and in the end civilized man may have io
content himself with working only five or six hours a
<"_ay for the simple reason that he can make no use nor
tuid a market for the surplus he might produce by
working longer.
While we have been talking about so amending
cur corporation laws as to prevent some at least of
the evils that a-e now practiced under them the Brit
ish have gone ahead and amended their laws without
ir iking half the discussion we. have had. Salisbury
n'Jiv be slow in diplomacy and war, ; but when it
comes to dealing with domestic policies the old man
Lkt an 'Eli gait on him every time.
/ ' ' '
WHEN the diffenflit religious bodies of England
presented addresses to Edward VII he took
occasion to assure them of religious toleration
and his support of freedom of worship. In the Eng
land of to-day, there is not much need of such as
surance from the head of the established church.
Time was that it would have* been an act of grace
and an expression of purpose to be hailed with great
joy by all nonconformists. Bui that time has gone
by. Martyrs are no longer hauled on hurdles to be
burned at Smithfield.- John Bunyan would not
languish in Bedford jail in these days, and Quakers
are not whipped every Friday at the cart's tail. Puri
tans .would not be made to swelter in the pillory if
they still prayed and ranted by the roadside. The
spirit of persecution has passed away. But it has Its
survival in the use of the term "toleration." To tole
rate a thing implies the right to prohibit it. It im
plies, further, that the thing itself is evil, since it is
?.n anomaly to tolerate that which is good. The King
no doubt means that he will defend the right to re
ligious freedom, which is really the sense in which
we make modern use cf the term toleration.
As the King's assurance of protection to religious
liberty was not necessary, the audience given to the
many representatives of the sectaries of his kingdom
w6uld have been without /significance had he not"
specifically addressed the spokesman for. one sect, and
that the least in numbers in. his realm. Turning to
the Quaker he s/iid he' hoped that his reign would wit
ness the general acceptance and application of the
principles represented by that gentleman, and that the
ispirjt of peace and , mutual helpfulness would become
universal.^ We can imagine that the auditors standing
for the numerous and ambitious nonconformist bodies
were astonished by this royal indorsement of the
simple . tenets of the weakest of them all. Yet the
world would get an immediate example to follow
j toward better, conditions "if the King's wish were -at
; once accomplished.
The Quakers were the pioneers against war; they
stood for nonresistance, believing that evil cannot be
overcome by evil, but only by good. In other words;
they literally accepted the sayings of the founder of
Christianity, and regarded that system as a life to be
lived and not a dogma to be contended" over. >
This is the first indorsement given to their view. by
I any ruler of a great naiion. The heads of states who
! are also the heads, of churches, have made perfunctory
professions of Christianity while doing everything
j that is unchristian. '
¦ The King seemed to' have a thought of rising eco
j noraic conditions in his dominions, when he referred
1 to the other point in Quaker doctrine and practice,
EDWARD 0ND ThE QUAKERS.
President McKinley has so arranged his tour that
he will visit the Buffalo exposition before he returns
to the capital, consequently it may be said •¦¦he ; is
going to make San Francisco a way station between
Washington and Buffalo; and it would not be a bad
idea for a great many other people in the East to
follow the example.
1~* HE chronically bad condition of Croton water*
in New York has at last revolted the gorge of
Gotham.
Oddly enough its unfitness for drinking water is
regarded as a secondary eviL The people have other
slaking liquids which take the edge off thirst and leave
it as dull as a kindling wood hatchet The offense of
Croton is rank when it is considered as a bathing fluid
znd for flushing purposes. The New York ratepayer
can get along without ever opening a faucet to get
a drink, but he must wash, and flush his 'closets, and
when the water flows for such purposes it smells to
heaven and over several adjacent townships.
One proposition to reform these conditions is to
obsolete the Croton watershed entirely, losing the
hundreds of millions that system has cost, and tap
Lake Ontario for a supply, carrying it across the State
in an open canal, creating necessary reservoirs en
route- To this it is objected that no matter how pure
and perfect the water may be when it leaves limpid
Ontario, canaling and impounding it will expose it
to the aquatic growths and contaminations that beset
all water so handled, and that when its long journey
is finished the consumer will have tp burn a rag .when
he turns it on.
For these reasons a counter proposition is made
that has not only decided merit for that locality but
is suggestive to all seaboard cities.
The plan is to reserve the Croton supply for po
table purposes only, for which it will suffice for a cen
tury to come. It is to be rendered sanitary and pure
by filtering, and is not to be used for bathing or flush
ing purposes at all, except as an auxiliary to the
former.
For those purposes it is proposed to erect stand
pipes at suitable places and pump them full of clean
salt wuier from the sea, to be piped by a separate sys
tem into every house.
This looks feasible and would bring the desirable
and much sought sea bath into every house. For the
nfter shower the use of the filtered Croton would be
permitted.
The immense discharge of salt' water from bath-
tubs and closets would have an excellent anti
ceptic effect on the sewers, and Gotham would be
made healthier; and happier by the change. Now why
not, in cities like San Francisco and Oakland, try
the 'prentice hand of municipal ownership on such a
salt water plant? It could be used also for street
sprinkling. We have salt water of. the best, ; quality
going to waste all around us, or at best used merely
foi navigation. Our sewers need it, and as a bathing
fluid it has no superior.
Why not try it? f
SALT WATER SUGGESTION.
THE isthmian canal will be pleaded in the politics,
of the year, and if Senator Morgan and his fol
lowers can have their way any conclusion will be
prevented in. order to use the waterway in the Con
gTessional campaign of 1902.
. The bill heretofore before Congress to provide the
construction of the canal requires a discrimination in
tolls between foreign and American ships. That is re
garded as a particularly smart provision, an evidence
o.f American enterprise and greatness.'
But those who think so; forget that we must enter
the territory of two independej/t sovereignties to con
struct a canal within their jurisdiction^ and over which
we can exercise no political control. Nicaragua and
Costa Rica are small and weak and may consent to
anything. But what would we say if another country
wanted to construct a canal from the Great Lakes to
the Mississippi River, within our jurisdiction, and de
manded also the right to discriminate in tolls in favor
of its own ships?
In the Clayton'-Bulwer treaty we aiked Great Britain
to recognize the canal as a trust held for the equal ben
efit of all the commercial nations. We asked that this
principle be recognized, remember, and Great Britain
by our requesf and not for any individual interest of
her own admitted it. Now, those who are either the
fool friends or the secret and sinister enemies of the
canal are demanding that we not only fortify and gar
rison the canal, but that we put higher tolls upon
foreign ships than upon our own!
They go farther than this. Supporting Morgan in
his advocacy of breach of faith, they are now de
manding that we order the evacuation of British Hon
duras !
One may well despair of ever seeing an isthmian
canal if these marplots. are to further influence public
opinion by a mixture of lying and jingoism. A canal
built in their way would be an element of weakness
ntber than strength. ' We would have to make it a
citadel, an unreducible fortification, for it would be
our weakest point, our vitals, at which an enemy
would strike first, and to build it in the' way and for
the purpose proposed would raise up ''plenty of ene
mies.
In the light of settled public and international law
such a canal becomes a part of the Atlantic and Pa
cific Oceans, and no one nation has any right to dis
criminate in its use in war or peace. . ¦
General Cass was something of a statesman in his
day and something of a Democrat. He ran for Presi
dent and was Secretary of State. In a communication
to Lord Napier in 1857 he said: "The United States,
as I have before had occasion to assure your Lordship,
demand no exclusive privileges in these inter
cceanic passages, but will always exert their influence
to secure their free and unresHcted benefits, both 'in
peace and war, to the commerce of the. world."
That was the doctrine of Marcy, Seward, Fish and
Olney, and Mr. Hay stands in line with them. It was
ihe <3octrine of John M. Clayton, who in 1835 began
agitation. for an isthmian canal and made the Bulwer
treaty in line with the statesmen who succeeded him.
To get a right understanding of it, suppose^ nature
had connected the two oceans by a navigable strait
along the line of the proposed canal, would the United
Slates or any other power have presumed to dis
criminate in favor of its own ships in the use of that
natural waterway?
We hope that the people who want the canal will
see plainly that their hope is deferred by a combina
tion between its enemies and the oxidized dema
gogues of the Morgan stripe. If we are ever to see a
canal the public opinion of the country must cease
subjection to such fantastic claims as are made under
pretense that they are necessary to protect American
commerce. It, is -becoming the odium of our politics
that no great work useful to the "world and symboliz
ing our glory can be proposed without bringing to the
front a spirit* of reprehensible and 1 unpatriotic parti
sanship.
A POLITICAL CANAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIAj. TUESDAY, 2, 1901.
g*e. s; -«33slfe« Call*
TUESDAY APRIL 2,1901
JOHN D,SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _ ...
AdireM All Casuanniettlona U W. 8- LEAKS, Manager.
ISAXACEII'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
1TBLICATI0X OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .. .'.217 to 221 Stevenson St.
V, Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents.
: Terms by Mail, Including; Postagei
CAILT CALL (including Sunday), ore year :/..'..'.fl.M
TAILT CALL (including Sunday), « months '. »-W
DAILY CALL, tlnclufllnp Bundav), S months 1.S0
I>AH/T CALI By Single Month ;....... «o
FUNDAT CALL. One Year l-»
WEEKLY CALU One Year 1-W
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦nbicrtptiom.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of addresi should 'be
rsxtteolar to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Ismra a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKXAA'D OFFICE. .1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGSE5S.
Ksssfsr Tmlga. Urtrtislag. Xargatttt BnUiing , ChlMge.
CLcck Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABX.TO1F. Herald Sanare
HEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHETf B. SMITH 30 "rlbnne Building
PNETF YORK NP — S STANDS:
raldcrf-Aetorla, Hotel; A. Brentano. a Union Scuare;
«y Em Hotel. . ' ">-.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIJTGTOir (D. C.) OFFICES. . . .14O6 G St., K. W.
M0R.T0X E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
QHAXCH OFFICES— -€27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ontfl 9:S0 o'clock. *C0 Hayes, open nntll S:SO o'clock. e?J
McAllister, open until 8:80 o'clock. 615 Larkta, open until
t:20 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
cstn » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock. .
Mosque on the Banks of the Niger.
6
AUCTION SAXES.
By E. Watkins-.Thun5<lay. April 4, Horses and Buggies, at
corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
Nervous exhaustion and debility are tlte effects
ol a trying summer. I>r. Slegerf a Angostura
Sitters feed the nerve cplb and restore vitality.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medlclne.VegetableCure for Liver Ills
Bilicusr.ess, Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria •
A Book on San Francisco.
The Santa Fe ba3 Just Issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin-
ity, lavishly Illustrated vrith artistic half-tonea
and a number of u;>-to-date maps.
Copies may be had by sending 40 cents in
stamps to the General Asent, Santa" Fe, at
641 Maricet St., San Vrci.cisco.
Percy— Now, if I speak to your fathpr
and he gives his consent, then the next
question is, how are we going to live?
Edith— Don't worry, Percy. If you llv-s
through that -interview you can Hve
through any thing.— Judge.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses acd public men oy ih»
Press Clipping: Burean (Allen's). 510 ilsac-
sosaery sr. Telephone Main 1042. _••
Easter chocolate cream and fancy col-
ored cream earss. baskets of eggs «te
Townsend's. 629 Palace Hotel. ' •
' A nice present for Easter— TownsentTs
California glace fruits, in splendid fire-
etched boxes, 30c lb. 623 Palace Hotel. •
Czl. gla.ee fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'i*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel •
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call cul-*.cribers contemplating a chance of
residence during the summer month* can have
tUeir paper forvrarded by mall to their' netf
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This pajtcr n ill also be on sal/; at all sniumcr
resorts and is represented by a. local agent in
all tawoi on the coast.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— "The VTeddlnjr Day."
Central— "The Gladiator."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Tennessee's Partner."
Grand Opera-house— "CIndereUa," Saturday nlrht.
Columbia— "The Little MinUter."
Tanforan Park— Races.
Oljinpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer 1 s— Vaudeville.TO SAIL.
\ The members of the Metal Polishers',
Buffers', Platers' and Brass Workers'
Union, who are out on strike for shorter
hours, held 1 an enthusiastic meeting last
night at 1133 Mission street. None of .the
men connected with , this trade has re
turned • to ¦ work since leaving the | shops
where they were employed Saturday nignt
and they have determined to remain : out
until . the demand , made by . them for
a shorter day without reduction in pay is
acceded to. " - •
The men base their claim for a shorter
workday on the fact that their trade is
unhealthy . and • that - the average life of
a mechanic in their business is but ten
years, j This the men say is reason enough'
for such a demand, and as life is sweet
to them : they intend . to • do , all in their
power to secure the consent i of their em
ployers for an eight-hour day at the rate
of wages . now paid for ten hours' work,
f President John D. Hammell of the union
served a notice last Monday on the pro
prietors of the . different shops v where
buffers and polishers and brass workers
are employed. He 'presented to them an.
agreement for their signatures, informing
them that a walk-out would occur unless
it was signed, A week having elapsed
and the proprietors showing no intention
of acceding to the. request of the '.union,
the members quit work. . ' •
'At last night's meeting it was reported
that the men working for the following
tirms had .followed tne dictates of thi?
union and struck: -Globe. Brass and Bell
Foundry, J. RoylanCe Brass Works, Gold
en' West Plating Works, San Francisco
Novelty and .Plating Works, Pacific Plat
ing Works, Eagle- Brass 1 , and Machine
Shop, Pacific Plating and Metal Works,
E. G. Dennison, Central Plating Work«,
Schaezlein & Burridge and the California
Artistic Metal and « Wire Company. . ¦ ¦ '
The strength of the union is about sev
enty-five members and there are only a
few working at the trade that are not
members. Every shop In the - city re
mained closed yesterday with the excep
tion of that of the J. Roylance Bra3S
Works, which remained' open and endeav
ored to turn -out the work on* hand, with
the aid of two brass workers who are nc;
members of the union. . ' v". ; ':
BASEBALL '; BOYCOTT IS ON.
Entire California League Is Now TJii-
der the Ban of Trades Council.
The relations between ' the Building
Trades Council and the baseball r, mag
nates is still in a strained condition. No
further attempts have -been made to re
store the pleasant relations , existing be
fore -the- recent trouble. . President. Mc-
Carthy said last night the boycott would
become general and was not against Har
ris alone, but would arfect the California
Baseball League. 7 When seen last night
he was wroth at the statements. that had
been .made concerning his share in the
trouble and would talk only of the dam
age that the Building Trades Council in
tendci -causing the baseball managers.
He said: . .:
"This thing will reach mammoth propor
tions before we are through with it.
News travels quickly by telegraph and
we can reach r Los Angeles and Sacra
mento in very short order." .
I*aundry Help at Palace Quit.
Fifteen . employes of the laundry con
nected with the Palace 'Hotel walked out
yesterday. They assigned as reasons for
quiting that under the new schedule that
went into effect at 7 a. ' m.- yesterday thev
should get that day off because they had '
worked Sunday..- This was refused them
and they quit. Their places were filled
almost immediately.
Their Demand' Calls for Twenty Per
Cent Decrease in Sours "With.
( Uo Reduction in :
Men Ask for Eight-Hour
Day Because TheirWork
Shortens Life.
METAL POLISHERS
OUT ON A STRIKE
Sun, Moon and -Tide.
United States Coast * and * Geodetic Survey—
¦ Times and Heights : of High _ and • Low
Waters at Fort ' Point, entrance to San
Francisco- Bay. .Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent...
NOTE — The - high ' and . low • waters occur at
the city front - (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tlie height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, APRIL 2.
Ship Slntram, Meyer, Loringr; Alaska Pack
ers'. Association. .
Brig .Harriet G, Stangeland, codflshing; C E
Whitney & Co.'
SAILED.
Monday, April 1.
U S stmr Buford, Merkens, Manila.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria, etc '
Stmr AcaDulco,' Russell, Panama.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, . Eureka. .' ¦
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Eureka, * -'
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
• Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, , Anderson, Eureka.
Ship Eclipse, Larsen,- Chignik Bay.
Sehr "Wins and Wing, Hansen, Siuslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 1—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest; velocity 22 miles per
hour. - - -.'•¦¦¦ •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ELEELE— Sailed March* 18— Bark Ajrate for
Puget Sound. Arrived— Bktn Amelia, from
Port Blakeley.
KIHEI— Sailed March— Schr Churchill, for
San Francisco.
KAANAPALI— Sailed March— Ship Star of
Russia, for San Francisco. • -
HAN A— Sailed March 15— Schr. Jennie Wand,
FOREIGN PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived >. March 31— Stmr North
Fork, hence March 30. .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed March 31— Schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco. • .
SEATTLE— Sailed March 81— Stmr Senator,
for Skag-uay. April 1— Jap stmr Kinshiu Maru,
for Yokohama. '
EUREKA— Arrived April 1— Stmr Nome City,
hence March 31. ¦ . . -
COOS BAY— Sailed April 1— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco., - .
TRINIDAD-To sail April 1— Stmr Homer,
for'San Pedro. v . ...
: PORT TOWNSEND— Passed' In 'April 1— Br
stmr Victoria, hence March 23, for Chemalnus.
Arrived— Br ship Alice A Leigh, from Victo-'
ria. ¦ • . ¦• ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • , ¦ . ¦•¦
EUREKA— Arrived April 1— Stmr San Pedro,
hence March 30; stmr Noyo, hen«e March 30.'
SEATTLE— Sailed April 1— Stmr Chas D
Lane, for San Francisco. . ' -
ASTORIA— Arrived March 31-Stmr G W El
der, hence March 29. ¦ . -• ¦ •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed April 1— Stmr
Mlneola, for Nanalmo. ¦¦ •
COOS BAY— Sailed March 31— Schr Western
Home, for San ' Francisco. - -
VENTURA— Arrived April 1— Stmr j George
Loomls, hence . March 31. • Sailed— Stmr George
Loomis. for San Francisco. ' -.:_-—- -,
GRAYS . HARBOR— Sailed March 31— Brig
Geneva, for San Francisco. •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March 30— Jap
stmr Idzumi Maru, from Seattle. - -.-,:
. ANTWERP— Arrived March 2»— Ger ship
Henrietta from Tacoma; Ger bark , Nomla,
from Oreeon. ,
HAMBURG— Arrived March 31— Qer stmr
Neko, • hence Dec 24. S
HOLYHEAD- Arrived March 29— Br ship Hy
derabad, hence Oct 17. .
LONDON— Arrived March 31— Br ship "W J
Plrrle, from Oregon, and sailed for Antwerp.
MERIDIA— Passed March 30— Ger stmr
Hathor, hence Dec 21, for Hamburg. ,
. HAVRE— Sailed March ; 29— Fr bark La Bru
yere, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed prior to March
31— Br ship Toxteth, for San Francisco. March
29— Schr Ariel, for Honolulu. Sailed Aoril 1—
Ship Joseph 1 R Thomas, for Port Stephens, to
finish loading, for Acapulco. Arrived— Bark
Hufus E Wood, from Adelaide, to load, for
Honolulu. - ¦
HONGKONG — Arrived March 31 — Schr Lu
zon, from Port Blakeley. ... .
SYDNEY— Sailed March 29— Ship W H Smith,
for Honolulu. . ¦ . :
CALLAO— Arrived April 1— Br bark Eaton
Hall, from Tacoma. ".-:•¦
BRISBANE— Arrived March 80— Br - Btmr
Warrimoo, from Vancouver. • '
MAZATLAN— Sailed March 31— Br stmr Are
quipa, for San Francisco^ _ _ _
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived— Ship Hawaiian
Isles, from Melbourne," to load, for Honolulu.
HAMBURG— In port March 5— Br ship
Chelmsford, for San Francisco.
BARRY— Sailed March 14— Fr bark Cam
bronne.for San- Franciico. .
LIVERPOOL — In port March 12 — Br ship
Clan Mackenzie, for San Francisco.
PISAGUA— In port Feb 22— Br shlo Cy
promene, for San Francisco. . - •
NAGASAKI— In oort March 6— Ger bark H
Hackfeld, for Oregron. . :. i. ;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. BOSTON— Arrived April 1— Stmr Georglc,
from Liverpool. . ... : . .
BRISBANE— Arrived March 30— Stmr Warrl
moo,; from Vancouver via Honolulu, for Syd-
D< LONDON— Arrived' April 1— Stmr Minneap
olis from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 1— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York. .V- •
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April- 1— Stmr AHer,
from New Tork, for Naples and Genoa: Sailed
March 31 — Stmr Hohenzollern, from Genoa and
NaDles, for New York. .
-. Time. Ball.; V
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. • S. N.; Mer
chants Exchange,' San Francisco, Cal..
'The Pr time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i e at noon of the 120th • meridian, or at 8
£cl«* p. m.. Greenwich time b
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Steamer- Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Accused of Embezzlement.
"W. C.'-i Samuels 'Jr.','" '413 Sacramento
street, swore|o'a complaint in Judge Mo
gan's court ; yesterday for. < the : arrest' of
George C.Thayer on the charge of felony
embezzlement. Samuels ¦ accuses Thayer
of collecting J14T" from a customer. Satur
day and disappearing with: the money."^---.
NOTE— In r the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the < left
hand column "and the successive tides of the
day in ¦ the order of occurrence as * to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except . when there are but threa
tides, as sometimes occurs: ' The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except * when a
minus ( — ) slsrn ' precedes the ' height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by : the charts. : The plane of . reference
is the mean of the\ lower low waters.
Traub was a native of Germany, 59 years
old, and was divorced from his wife some
time aso. He had becu despondent for
some time.
Isador Traub, a baker who conducted a
Email shop at S449 Twentv-second street,
•was found dead in bed early yesterday
morning- with the cas turned on. Mrs.
George Tackey, who resides next door, de
tected the odor of gas proceeding from
the room in the rear of the shop and gave
the alarm. The door was broken open
and the baker was found dead In bed.
Despondent Baker Kills Himself.
Suits for divorce on the ground of cruel
ty were filed by Grace E. Clifford against
Peter A. Clifford and Minnie P. Thompson
against John S. Thompson.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Nancy A. Mocre from Elijah Moore
for neglect. Margaret "Webb from William
Webb for desertion and Viola S. Ely from
Gideon S. Ely for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
$30.00 from Chicago: $47.00 from New Tork:
S2T.50 from St. Louis; (23.00 from Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets good on tourist and reclinins chair
cars. Excursions leave Chicago every Tues
day until April 30. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Afent at 611 Market street. ' ,
Cheap Rates.
BACHELOR OFFICERS
ENTEBTAIN FRIENDS
Ride Through the Park Is Followed
by a Supper at the Presidio
v. - Club.
The bachelor officers of the PresiJIa
Club entertained a number of their younu
lady friends last evening with a drive
through the park and alone the ocean
beach, followed by a supper at the Pre
sidio Club.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the reserva
tion wagonette with • the merry party
aboard, started, and by 11 o'clock tho
officers and their gnests were back at the
club rooms to enjoy the delightful supper
which had been prepared for them.
Mrs. Henry button chaperoned the
party. The other guests of the efflcera
were: • •_'_"-'
Miss May Colburn, Miss Polly Dunn. Miss
Maud Mullins, Miss Florence Stone, Miss Alice
Mastcn and Miss Florence Brower.
ALMTRA S. TOWNSEUTD'S
ESTATE IS DISTRIBUTED
Judge Troutt Orders Decedent's Prop
erties Turned Over to Mrs,
Ella F. Murray.
Judge Troutt has ordered the distribu
tion of the estate of the late Almlra S.
Townsend to her daughter, Ella F. Mur
ray. Under the decree of the court $539,
000 will pass into the control of Mrs.
Murray. Twenty-five thousand dollars
yet remain subject to the jurisdiction of
the court, this being withheld to meet
expenses of probate and to liquidate any
legitimate claims that may arise within
the statutory time within which they may
be presented.
Judge Troutt's action was In accordance
with a decree of the Supreme Court deny
ing the petition of Public Administrator
Boland. presented by Attorney M. C. Has
sett, for a writ of prohibition to restrain
Judge Troutt from proceeding to dis
tribute the estate of the late Mrs. Town
send. The decision apainat Boland and
Hassett was rendered from the bench by
the Supreme Court and Judge Troutt's
order followed.
In consequence, Mrs. Murray, who is the
sole heir of the deceased, took possession
of her heritage late yesterday afternoon.
HAS NO JURISDICTION
IN A HAWAIIAN CASE
Territorial Court Decisions Not Re
view-able by United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals handed down an opinion yesterday
in the matter of the Wilder Steamship
Company, a Hawaiian corporation, vs. G.
M. Hind and others. The opinion is to
the effect that the court has no Jurisdic
tion and therefore dismisses the appeal.
The following are some of the reasons In
the opinion:
If Congress had established in the Territory
of Hawai'. a system of territorial courts only
an -appeal from the decision of the highest
court of the Territory wdruld, of oouree, be
reviewable in the United «5tates Circuit Court
Of Appeals under the provisions of the act.
But in this instance Congress has created two
systems of courts, on« the district court for
the Jurisdiction of Federal causes, the other
lor the trial of all other causes. It has pro
vided specially for an appeal to this court from
the decision of the District Court. It has made
no such provision for appeal from the final
decision of the territorial court, but has enact*
ed a general statute, the intention of which
end the purport of which was to place the
Supreme Court of the Territory upon the basis
of the Supreme Courts of the States In all
matters which concern their relation to the
courts of the United States.
The fact that the present case is a suit in
admiralty and as such would have been within
the Jurisdiction of th- District Court created
by the act if it had been commenced after the
date when the act went into effect cannot
affect the question which is before us. The
eppeal is denied.
United States transport Bu
| ford, the Pacific Mail Company's
1 1 steamship Acapuico and the ship
il Eclipse of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation, all left port together
yesterday. When last seen the Eclipse was
heading toward the Chignik Bay canner
ies, the Buford toward Honolulu en route
to the Philippines, and the Acapulco to
ward Mazatlan en route to Panama.
Th,e Buford took away two troops of ths
First Sauadron of the Fifteenth Cavalry,
one company of the Tenth Infantry and
the depot battalion of the Fifth Infantry.
The mascot of the cavalry/ did not get
away on the transport. He .was held up
on the wharf and turned over to the po
lice, who kept him in custody until after
the Buford sailed. The lad says his name
is Alfred Esparcia and that he was born
in Concord, Contra Costa County, thirteen
years ago. His father died several year3
ago and his mother went to her old home
in San Antonio, Texas. There she died, as
did also the lad's grandmother. Alfred
determined to strike out for himself and
when the Fifteenth Cavairy was ordered
to San Francesco he attached himself to
one of the companies as a maecot His
desire is to reach the Philippines and
there he is going to get by hook or crook.
Among those who went awav in the
cabin of the Buford were four Judges for
the Philippine courts created by the Taft
commission." They are J.' F. Cooper of
Fort Worth, Texas, and Chas. A. Willard
of Minneapolis, who will be judges of the
Supreme Court of the Philippines, and
Fletcher Ladd of Lancaster, N. H., and
W A. Kincaid of Galveston, Tex., who
will be judges of the Court of First In
stance. Others who went away on the
transport were:
Congressman E. B. Hill, en route to Manila;
Congressman Horace B. Packer and John K.
Souther, for Honolulu; Commander Theodore
Porter. TJ. S. N.; Captain Elmer S. Tennly,
Captain Gerry S. Driver, Captain Ernest H.
AVheeler, Captain Henry M. Hall, Mrs. Kerr.
Mrs. Kneedler, Mrs. Bowman, Mrs. Trott, Mrs.
Campbell, Mrs. Ames, Mrs. Partelle, Mrs.
Driver and Mrs. Wheeler. Judges Cooper and
Ladd are accompanied by their wives and
families.
The Eclipse got her Chinese yesterday
morning and Captain Larsen lost no time
in getting to sea. She was to have sailed
Sunday, but the Chinese, who were en
gaged for the canneries, did not show. up,
so the shlD could not leave her berth.
The Acapulco only took away about halt
a dozen passengers and' a small • quantity
of frel&ht. In spite of the cut in rates the
merchants are -staying with the Kosmos
and other opposition lines, and very little
Central American freight is going on tho
mall boats.
MENACE TO NAVIGATION.
Buoys and Anchor Chains Should Be
Removed by Government.
Captains of coasting vessels and tow
boats are complaining because wreckers
have left a number of buoys at Point Bo
nita and Fort Point. At the fo-mer place
they were laid down to mark the position
of the wreck of the City of New York, and
at Fort Point to show where the Rio de
Janeiro was supposed to have rone down.
In this instance the Buoys with their tons
of anchors and_chains are not anywhere
near the wreck, but still they are kept
there to the disgrust of everybody who
brings a coaster in from the south. ! .
At Point Bonita the buoys are in a still
worse position and It will -not surprise
anybody if some day they are cut adrift
and the chain allowed to sink.- They hav*e
been there for years, and as Uncle Sam is
the only one who has any authority in ths
matter, It Is about time some of his of
ficials had them, removed.
Reinsurance on Overdue Fleet.
The underwriters do not Beem to know
just where they stand In regard to some
of the overdue fleet. Some of the" vessels
are undoubtedly lost, but many more
that carried heavy reinsurance have
reached port than have disappeared. Yes
terday the Eaton Hall, 106 days from Ta
coma for Callao, arrived at Valparaiso.
The underwriters paid S5 per- cent to rein
sure their risks on her.
The John McDonald is now out 196 days
from Baltimore for San Francisco, and
the Ardnamurchan, 127 days from Fraser
River, B. C, for Liverpool. Friday last
the John McDonald was at . 50 per cent,
Saturday she had advanced to 60 per cent,
and yesterday she was at 65 per cent. The
Ardnamurcnan has been up to 65 per cent
and down to 50 per cent, on three "occa
sions. Friday last the rate was 65 per
cent, Saturday it had dropped to 50 per
cent, and yesterday the best offer was 40
per cent. The chances are that the under
writers have heard some reassuring: news
about the salmoi shin. The Fullwood,
now out SO days from Hongkong for
Portland, is still at 15 per cent.
"Water Front Notes.
The Marlposa will be. due' tomorrow and
the Zealandia Fridav from Honolulu. The
majority of the Mystic ShrinerB will come
back on these vessels.
The Curacao went on the drydock yes
terday. She sails for Mexican rrorts next
Sunday. The Arequlpa ?s also scheduled
to sail on that date, but as she will ' not
get here before next Thursday, the
chances are that it will be the 9th inst. be
fore she departs for Central and Soutn
American j?orts. ¦
Walter Carter was charged with grand
larceny at the Harbor police station yes
terday. Several days ago Amanda How
ard of 420 Sixth street was in the saloon
at 236 East, street. She had her nurse in
her hand, when a voung: man ran in and
snatched it away. Amanda asserted thera
was over $100 in the puise. Yesterday Sa
loon Keeper McVey recognized the thief
on the water front and x.oUOed.Uie police,
who captured Carter after a long chase.
The prisoner denies snatching the wo
man's purse. :. ;-.:'v ,--- ; M-.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Alice A. Leigh will load wheat at Ta
coma for Europe, 35s 6d; the Robert Lewers,
lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu.
Departure of the Acapulco.
The steamer Acapulco, which Balled yesterday
for Panama and way ports, carried a general
cargo valued at $53,021, exclusive" of '•¦ some in
transit, and manifested as follows: For Cen
tral America, $39,729; for Mexico, $11,317; for
Panama, $1975.. The following were the prin
cipal " exports:
For Central America—20 carboys acid, 16 pkgs
agricultural implements, 3930 gals coal oil, 72
cs 10 csks beer, 2624 lbs beans, 13 pkgs dry
goods, 7S7O lbs cocoa, 45 pkgs car material,
4581 bbls flour, 106" pkffg groceries and provis
ions, 56 cs hardware, 20,650 ft lumber, 31S0 lbs
lard, 8 bales leather, 2 pkgrs machinery. 5900
lbs malt, 88 cs 12 bbls oil, 8 crs onions, 327
crs potatoes, 135 pkgs 400 pes pipe, 300 cs pe
troleum, 87 cs paper, 14 cs plants and seeds,
140 kegs powder, 14,380 lbs rice, 2000 lbs salt,
2240 lbs soda, 10 bdls spices, 9704 lbs tallow,
26 cs 330 gals wine, 15 cs 6 bbls. whisky. . In
transit—200 lbs opium, 6000 lbs rice, 2 cs silk,
2 cs musical instruments, valued at $1250. ' ..
For Mexico —3 tanks acid, 42 cs baking pow
der, 5 tons coal, 12 bbls cement, 15 cs drugs,
IS cs fuse, 30 grindstones, 746 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 8 pkgs - machinery, 20 kegs
rails, 15 cs oil, 13,169 lbs soda, 15,000 lbs sulphur,
165 bdls- shocks, 52 bdls spices, 1824 lbs. seed,
1799 lbs tallow, 16 cs 1000 gals wine, 22 pkgs
wire, 10 cs whisky, 5Z kegs white lead, 3750
lbs zinc. . ...;
.. For Panama.—300 bbls flour, 600 cs soap, 1500
gals wine. In transit —134 cs silk, 20 cs to
bacco, valued at $3700. . -
— ¦ ? .
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer "Walla Walla sailed - yesterday
for Victoria with merchandise for British Co
lumbia valued at $11,940 and for Melbourne
$5520. The ccrgo Included the following: .
For British Columbia — 31 cs ammunition, 50
pails 14 pkgrs axle grease, 12,800 It>s beans, 7339
lbs butter, ; 1494 lbs chocolate,' 3955 lbs dried
fruit, 34 pkgs groceries and provisions, 271 pkgs
fruit, 47 cs hardware, 7 c& hats, 8 bales leather,
10 cs mustard, 16 cs medicines, 200 pkgs match
es, 8 pkgs machinery, 25,140 lbs malt, 10 crs
onions, 10 cs olives, 155 crs paste, 29 pkgs pipe,
SO bxs raisins, CO, 000 Its salt, 20 sks shot, 1236
lbs tobacco, 29,239 lbs tea, 209 pkgs vegetables,
767 gals wine. * . • - . *•
For Melbourne^ — 44, 533 lbs coffee.
Receipts and Exports.
Receipts and exports of coal, lumber and
salmon during the month of March were as
follows:
Lumber— Receipts: From California, 17,836,000
feet; from Oregon, ' 7,432,000 feet; from Wash
ington, 20,161.000 feet; from British Columbia,
SO, 000 feet; total, 75,449,000 feet. Exports—2,
265,176 feet. •
• Salmon— Exports of salmon were 5380 cs and
17 packages.
Coal — Reoelpt3 of coal, exclusive of deliveries
by rail, were as follows: From Puget Sound,
75,850 tons; from British Columbia, 49,444 tons;
from Australia, 20.O6S tons; from Oregon, 4505
tons; making a total of 149,867 tons, i .=;.:.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PEDRO HARBOR.
Notice - is hereby given that on or about
April 11, 1301, . the following-described lights
will bo established in San Pedro Harbor:
JDEADMANS ISLAND BREAKWATER BBA-
CON LIGHT.
A fixed red lens-lantern light. Illuminating
the entire .horizon, 16 feet above the water,
on the top of a red lamphouse surmounting a
cluster of. four piles recently erected, In 17
feet of water, at the outer end of the break
water ¦ extending seaward from Deadmans Isl
and, at the entrance to San Pedro Harbor,
westerly Bide of San Pedro Bay.
The approximate geographical position of the
light, as token from Chart No. 5143 of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, will
be: Latitude, north, 33* 43' (17") ; longitude,
-nest, 118* 16' (14"). Bearings and distances of
prominent objects from the light will be:
Outer end of Long Eeach wharf, NE., iV>
miles: left tangent to Point Fermin, SSW %
W., IX miles; Tlmms Point, NW. by W. %
W.. 9-16 mile. : ,
SAN PEDRO HARBOR BKACOX LIGHT,
A fixed red post-lantern light, illuminating
the entire horizon, suspended from an* arm on
beacon No. 4, in 15 feet of water, near the
end of the wing dam, I on the easterly side of
the channel about half way from the entrance
to the Southern Pacific Railroad wharf. The
approximate geographical position of the light,
as taken from the above-named chart, will be-
Latitude, north, 33° 13' (47") ; . longitude, west,
118* 16' (2S"). Bearings and distances of prom
inent objects from the light will be: Outer
end of Long Beach wharf, NE. % E., 4U miles-
Dtadmans Island Breakwater Beacon Light
SE. % S., H mile; Southern. Paciflc Railroad
wharf, NW.. by W., % mile.
Bearings are magnetic; miles are nautical
mileR; heights are referred to mean high water,
depths to mean low water. ¦ . ¦
ThJs notice affects the • "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 10, Nos.
8 and 9, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys.
Pacific Coast, 180V page 13.-
By order of the Lighthouse Board
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON.
- Rear Admiral, U. S. N., Chairman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- ¦ Monday, April 1
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 45 hours from San
Pedro. 1 - '
Stmr Sequoia, - Winkle. 14 hours from Fort
Brass* ..--...:..
Stmr Brunswick, Adresen, 42 hours from San
Pedro. '-'¦•-- . ' ••.-¦¦¦..•¦
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 79 1 hours from
Seattle. > . , ' ' • ' . ,
Ship Star of Russia, -Burgess, 19 days from
Lahnnta. . .'
Ship Emily F, "Whitney, Brigmen, 24 days
from Honolulu. • .
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ..*¦..-.:.¦¦ ¦ . ¦ . :
Schr Monterey, 58 hours from Coos
Bay.- .¦¦¦¦; v . ¦ . ¦_ . . .. •
¦• Schr. Nettle Sundborg,^ Larsen, 78 hours from
Siuslaw River. • - ¦ :
CLEARED.
Honda-,- April 1..
Br stmr Milton, Ralney, Nanalmo; John Ro
senfeld'a Sous. . -" - • - . .- .:
Stmr Acayuleo, Russell, - Panama s and way
ports: Pacific Mail.S S Co. •
- Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. '; -.••_.. : -_r"
? Stmr Valencia/ Graham, Orca; Pacific Steam
¦Whaling Co. ...
TRANSPORT BUFORD WITH SOLDIERS AND CIVILIANS FOR MANILA, ACAPULCO FOR CENTRAL AMERICAN
PORTS AND SHIP ECLIPSE FOR THE CANNERIES DEPARTING FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
There was excitement In the wholesale
district yesterday. Hard words were said,
lists were shaken and the official guar
dians of the city's streets were called
upon to stop the Market-street railway
from laying tracks. The Board of Public
Works sent a policeman down to the
junction of Sansome and Busli streets to
prevent the workmen employed by the
street railway system prosecuting their
labors at that point. Murphy, Grant & Co.
were the principal complainants, but the
other merchants in the vicinity were in
terested and coiitribulted to a very spir
ited conversation fhat lasted from morn
ing- until the policeman told the men to
stop track laying.
Before this was accomplished Bush
street, just east of Sansome, was practi
cally filled with tracks. In addition to
one "track that previously existed, two
new ones, curving in from Sansome street
from the north, were in evidence. These
were laid between the time Murphy,
Grant & Co. closed their doors Saturday
night last and the hour of reopening yes
terday morning. At the curve the inner
track was less than three feet from the
curb.
"The law," said C. D. Haven, of Mur
phy, Grant & Co., "provides that no tract
shall be laid within ten feet of the curb,
but this one is within thirty inches. It
shuts us out of loading teams. If noth
ing can be done Murphy, Grant & Co.
might as well close. We have appealed
to the Board of Public Works and it has
stopped the work. We hope to have the
matter adjusted directly."
Late In the aiternoon the attorneys. for
the Market-street Railway Company, the
Board of Works and Murphy, Grant & Co.
held a conference at the City Hall with a
view toward adjusting: the difficulty. At
torney Gartland for the board stated that
the laying of the tracks within thirty
Inches of the curb was clearly in viola
tion of the ordinance which granted J;he
franchise. The ordinance provides that the
tracks shall not be built within eleven
feet of either curb. It was finally decided
to construct the curve on a single track,
after the ultimatum of the Board of Pub
lic Works to tear up tracks laid in vio
lation of the ordinance had been an
nounced to the attorneys of the street
railway company.
While the controversy was at its height
a dray was placed," by order of Murphy,
Grant & Co.. on Sansome street, close to
>he corner, and a man was directed to
stay there to see that the vehicle was not
removed. Cars could not pass that place
at the hour of closing business last night.
Th<=" dray still held the fort unmolested
a; the sentinel stood at his post.
Board of Works and Police Asked to
Stop Operations at Corner
of Bush and
Sansome.
Murphy, Grant & Co. and
the Market-Street Rail
way Are at Outs.
CAR TRACKS ARE
SOURCE OF WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY
Cavalry, Infantry, Hospital Corps Men and Nurses Also
Leave for Manila, but Ship's Mascot Is Left , Behind
Eclipse Secures Her Chinese and Sails for Canneries.
JUDGES FOR PHILIPPINE COURTS
DEPART ON TRANSPORT BUFORD
NO. 4.
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Costa Rica.....
Hawaiian...., ••
Bristol
Fulton...... ••• •
Pentaur. :.... .'.¦
Vmatllla.. ......
Washtenaw
Empire....:
Rainier.........
Marlposa. :.....
Corona: ...\ •'• • • •
City of Sydney.
San Pedro.....:
Arcata.. :."•.•¦•
Arequlpa...^....
Point Arena....
Santa Ro£a:T.».
Xe wbiirgr. ...-"...
Coronado.......
North Fork.*.:.:
Crescent City..'.
Nome City.'.....
Kureka.v. :..:..'
Zealandia..
Chas. D. Lane..
G.-W. Elder....
Progrcso. :.'....:
Santa Barbara.
Pomona.'. ..::...
Citv' of- Para..
State of.Cal.7.
Alliance:.....""
Tltania.'."..:....".
Queen;.."...- .
"Ventura.":.":; ....
St. Paul.......'.
Acapulco *.......'....... Apr.' 2
New York Apr. 2
Oyster Harbor ......... Apr. 2
Grays Harbor :..:...:., Apr. 2
Hamburg & "Way. Ports Apr.' 2
Puget Sound Ports Apr.' t
Tacoma:-.....:;:.. Apr." 2
Coos Bay .......... ".".^.".| Apr." ;3
Seattle & N.I Whatcom Apr. 3
Honolulu ...... v.*. ;...-... Apr: $
Newport ;!•...:..'..:.:.. .v. Apr. ' 3
Panama -& ' Way ¦: Ports Apr. 1 3
Humboldt- .. ...... '....-... Apr.. 3
Coos Bay, .;............. Apr. -3
Valparaiso & Way, Pts Apr. 4
Point Arena .'.......;... Apr. ; 4
San Dlefa .."...."........ Apr. 4
Grays, Harbor .......:. Apr. 4
Grays - Harbor .:.....;;; Apr. 4
Humboldt ......;........ Apr.- 4
Crescent City .-. . . Apr. .. i
Humboldt-.. .'..'.... Apr." 4
Humboldt ;...... . . V7. . . . : Apr. • 4
Honolulu- .....:.... Apr.-. 5
Seattle ........... :.v:..: Apr. 5
Portland and 'Astoria.. Apr. . 5
Tacoma' ..:.;.:.......... Apr. 6
Ranta - Barbara ;...'.:... Aor. 5
Humboldt • r. . . . . .\ . ; . . .'. ; Apr. ' 8
Panama: & Way Ports. Apr. : 7
Puset Sd & Way Ports Apr. 7
Portland & : Cdos Bay. . Apr. .7
Nanalmo '.'. . .".'... . . : . . .-. . Apr.' 7
San Diego : . r. .:..::. .'. . . Apr. • 7
Sydney: & Way Ports. Apr. 8
New York via PanamaJApr. 8
Steamer. *
Destination. '
I Sails.
Pier.
Acapulco.....
Walla Walla..
Argro. .........
O. Dollar.....
Centennial....
Bonlta
Roanoke
Mandalay. . . .
Pomona
Acme.........'.
Columbia
Queen
Nome City...
Empire .*.
Fulton... .
Area t*. .......
April 2. |
Panama & Way. Pt 12 in PMSS '
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier t
Coquille River .... 4 pin Pier 2
Grays | Harbor .... 12 . m Pier 5
Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier S
Newbort 9 am Pier 11
N x. via Panama 2 pm Pier It
April 8.
Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier • '
Humboldt ....:..... 2 pm Pier a
Tlllamook Bay 13 m Pier 13
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Diego 8 am Pier 1]
April 4.
San Pedro ......... 12 ¦ m|Pler 2
Coos Bay . 10 am | Pier 13
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pier —
Coos Bay 12 tn Pier 12
April 5.
Newport ............ 9 am Pier 11
-April 6.
Humbolfit 9 am Pier 13
Honolulu .. 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & N. "What ....... Pier 2
Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pl«r 2
! Valparaiso & Way 12 m S. W. 2
!- April 7.
Hnmboidt ..""... 10 am Pier 2
Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Humboldt .:........ 9 am Pier -2
San Diego .......... 9 am Pier 11
April 8. '-¦- •
Panama, & Way... 12 m PMSS
Astoria .& Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona........
Eureka..:.'.".-.
Maripoea
Umatilla......
Rainier.......
Point Arena..
Ban Pedro....
Arequlpa
Curacao
Coronado.'....
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..
Cty of Sydney
G..-W. Elder.
Sun rises .......
gun sets ......
Moon sets .....
..B:53
........6:S4
1:48 a. m.
Timel . !
Date —
•: ;iL.-wf,-, !
2 ... 4:30 1.2
it ... 5:06 1.0
• 4 ... 6:38 0.7
6 ... 6:11 0.5
H W
6 ... 0:20 6.3
7 ... 0:44 5.2
8 ... 1:16 5.2
Time
H W
iTlme
¦--.'Iti.W \
5.0 -4:82 1.8
4.9 5:01 1.6
4.8 5:32 1.8
4.6 : 6:01 2.1
, H W .
0.4 : 1:50 4.5
0.4 2:38 4.4
0.4 3:30 -4.S|
Time)
H W
11:07 ?5.4
11:34 6.4
11:59 5 - 4
L"w '•""
6:33 2.4
7:06 ' 2.8
7:50 3.2
10:54
11:89
12:24
1:06
L W
6:49
7:30
8:11
Sun rises .......
gun sets ......
Moon sets .....
..B:53
........6:S4
1:48 a. m.
Timel . !
Date —
•: ;iL.-wf,-, !
2 ... 4:30 1.2
it ... 5:06 1.0
• 4 ... 6:38 0.7
6 ... 6:11 0.5
H W
6 ... 0:20 6.3
7 ... 0:44 5.2
8 ... 1:16 5.2
Time
H W
iTlme
¦--.'Iti.W \
5.0 -4:82 1.8
4.9 5:01 1.6
4.8 5:32 1.8
4.6 : 6:01 2.1
, H W .
0.4 : 1:50 4.5
0.4 2:38 4.4
0.4 3:30 -4.S|
Time)
H W
11:07 ?5.4
11:34 6.4
11:59 5 - 4
L"w '•""
6:33 2.4
7:06 ' 2.8
7:50 3.2
10:54
11:89
12:24
1:06
L W
6:49
7:30
8:11
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Costa Rica.....
Hawaiian...., ••
Bristol
Fulton...... ••• •
Pentaur. :.... .'.¦
Vmatllla.. ......
Washtenaw
Empire....:
Rainier.........
Marlposa. :.....
Corona: ...\ •'• • • •
City of Sydney.
San Pedro.....:
Arcata.. :."•.•¦•
Arequlpa...^....
Point Arena....
Santa Ro£a:T.».
Xe wbiirgr. ...-"...
Coronado.......
North Fork.*.:.:
Crescent City..'.
Nome City.'.....
Kureka.v. :..:..'
Zealandia..
Chas. D. Lane..
G.-W. Elder....
Progrcso. :.'....:
Santa Barbara.
Pomona.'. ..::...
Citv' of- Para..
State of.Cal.7.
Alliance:.....""
Tltania.'."..:....".
Queen;.."...- .
"Ventura.":.":; ....
St. Paul.......'.
Acapulco *.......'....... Apr.' 2
New York Apr. 2
Oyster Harbor ......... Apr. 2
Grays Harbor :..:...:., Apr. 2
Hamburg & "Way. Ports Apr.' 2
Puget Sound Ports Apr.' t
Tacoma:-.....:;:.. Apr." 2
Coos Bay .......... ".".^.".| Apr." ;3
Seattle & N.I Whatcom Apr. 3
Honolulu ...... v.*. ;...-... Apr: $
Newport ;!•...:..'..:.:.. .v. Apr. ' 3
Panama -& ' Way ¦: Ports Apr. 1 3
Humboldt- .. ...... '....-... Apr.. 3
Coos Bay, .;............. Apr. -3
Valparaiso & Way, Pts Apr. 4
Point Arena .'.......;... Apr. ; 4
San Dlefa .."...."........ Apr. 4
Grays, Harbor .......:. Apr. 4
Grays - Harbor .:.....;;; Apr. 4
Humboldt ......;........ Apr.- 4
Crescent City .-. . . Apr. .. i
Humboldt-.. .'..'.... Apr." 4
Humboldt ;...... . . V7. . . . : Apr. • 4
Honolulu- .....:.... Apr.-. 5
Seattle ........... :.v:..: Apr. 5
Portland and 'Astoria.. Apr. . 5
Tacoma' ..:.;.:.......... Apr. 6
Ranta - Barbara ;...'.:... Aor. 5
Humboldt • r. . . . . .\ . ; . . .'. ; Apr. ' 8
Panama: & Way Ports. Apr. : 7
Puset Sd & Way Ports Apr. 7
Portland & : Cdos Bay. . Apr. .7
Nanalmo '.'. . .".'... . . : . . .-. . Apr.' 7
San Diego : . r. .:..::. .'. . . Apr. • 7
Sydney: & Way Ports. Apr. 8
New York via PanamaJApr. 8
Steamer. *
Destination. '
I Sails.
Pier.
Acapulco.....
Walla Walla..
Argro. .........
O. Dollar.....
Centennial....
Bonlta
Roanoke
Mandalay. . . .
Pomona
Acme.........'.
Columbia
Queen
Nome City...
Empire .*.
Fulton... .
Area t*. .......
April 2. |
Panama & Way. Pt 12 in PMSS '
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier t
Coquille River .... 4 pin Pier 2
Grays | Harbor .... 12 . m Pier 5
Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier S
Newbort 9 am Pier 11
N x. via Panama 2 pm Pier It
April 8.
Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier • '
Humboldt ....:..... 2 pm Pier a
Tlllamook Bay 13 m Pier 13
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Diego 8 am Pier 1]
April 4.
San Pedro ......... 12 ¦ m|Pler 2
Coos Bay . 10 am | Pier 13
Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pier —
Coos Bay 12 tn Pier 12
April 5.
Newport ............ 9 am Pier 11
-April 6.
Humbolfit 9 am Pier 13
Honolulu .. 2 pm Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Seattle & N. "What ....... Pier 2
Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pl«r 2
! Valparaiso & Way 12 m S. W. 2
!- April 7.
Hnmboidt ..""... 10 am Pier 2
Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Humboldt .:........ 9 am Pier -2
San Diego .......... 9 am Pier 11
April 8. '-¦- •
Panama, & Way... 12 m PMSS
Astoria .& Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona........
Eureka..:.'.".-.
Maripoea
Umatilla......
Rainier.......
Point Arena..
Ban Pedro....
Arequlpa
Curacao
Coronado.'....
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..
Cty of Sydney
G..-W. Elder.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of : cleanses.
• Pears* shaving" soap is -
• the best m all the world.
, All sorts of people use Pears" soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists. .
-'•; ADVERTISEMENTS.
JpJbAlti-Ettd
. - --* . 3 jb-jjjkjsfl m jtsa ami g pm
Positively cured by these
' : '- . / LittlcPHls. • -V
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too ' Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy, .for . Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in v the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain i«»
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels.' Purely
Small Pill. \ Small Dose.
. Small Price.
< R b Jill ¦¦ Owed While
C.Jf^ You Sleep
'JtExj£m!!\i [Fifteen Days
•Gran-Solrent" distolres Btricture like snow b»»
neath tie sun. reduces Knlarged Prostate • an«
Strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains an*
Emissions In Fifteen Days. - « - .
No drugs to ruin the BtoroMh, bnt» direct local
and poslure application totneentlreuretnraltrac*
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It i» prepared i« ;
the form of Crayons Or Pencils, smooth and tlexlbi*
lad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture. j
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tfee St. James Assn.: Box KU. Cincinnati. O.. hat :
•repared at great expense an exhaust- j- n f" I" 1
Ire illustrated Treatise upon the male E. U L L |
¦ystem. which tW will send to »nyrnLLi
mule applicant, ¦ • ' ./ "*¦*•¦
ST I AMPS AWJ -25OELMST.,
Si. JAlttEa A33«., Cincinnati, Ohio.
FOLLOW the advice of !
those whose prognosti-
cations have proved
correct. FOLLOW suc-
cess; follow me.
JAS. R. tSeRSBON,
53T, 538, 530, 550 PARROTT BUILDING
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU-
Metnter of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS^
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA, ;
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
| nil I AP ¦ These hotels pos-
f III A lit sess' the attributes
g v that tourists and
Q n lj travelers appreciate
""" — central location,
n d a m n • •'— rai m a n a g c *
UllrlliU meat, modern ap-
1 1 fi T i" I O pointments ' and
m mm ili§!i
Sat! FranCiSCQ. ropean plans.
$vis)T OR- JORDAN'S aRc*r#
illUSEUH OF fiHATOMY)
\ QT The Lerffent Anat&roictl Museum in the T
& ¦^¦jBr_^' V/ortd. Vieitne»s»i or any contracted 4
5L JS""*iM disease potlti vely cured by the oldest ¥
® l|i|l5 SpiusliitflillitCoat Est36yean. $
2 &JJM&& »8- JOTBaH-PRnrATE DISEASES 4
i f (w)l CojMilMtton ft-o and strictly private. '\
A B fS'SalH '^ n lment P«soi«lly or by letter. A Q
If I Ijr ne) /u*.ft«4 Cvrt In every cue undertaken. \
A 9 il 11 & Write for Book. FniLOSO?Bt«l A
" * 11 1 . SABaiaoli. MAILED 5S3B. !if
3, Q ;l, ' valuabit book for racn; A
f SiU JOBDAK A «»., 10S1 Market St., a F. f
/S^li^^KsiSl 13 iatcreetedand should know I
r.1 a reirr-. about tho wonderful !
I#^1SS^ RV EL Whirling Spray |
\^^^t^^ The "ew Y »? ini l Sjrbep. /nice, I
VSw^lSwKiW^ 'w» and auction. iJest— Saf.
Convenient.
I A j-onr drnr^Ist for It. .- ¦* w ¦ '
]fhp<;annotRnpplyt}ifi ' S^m^^T^S^~~
MABViSIj, accept no ¦ Vto^SP / !
other, bat send stamp for 111ns- >W^S^SZ^S5k- - " i
tratedboolt — «*»!rd. Itglvejfnll- Tt^^^'SSJ^iV^
r-aitlcnlanftnd directions lnTnla *jfm£S$!&M
• M^ to lafllox. PtARVEl. CO., C5HSBh5f
503 Mission st, San Francisco." :^Klilur. _ j
DBJEYEflS&CO. j&3$**
Specialists. '-,..'. bis-' 'jffif '
ease and Weakness: agS ' ' "^a
of men. Estab- fevjt \
llshed 1881. Consul- - |1 X^^^tell/
tatlon and 'private . '".jN* M \' s yjtJiA. -
bcok free, at office ¦ v^ji?i-.j 'Sffigi
or by mail. ¦ Cures ?at'4«jfi*e£!a'
guaranteed.- 7a 1 ' VS*iiWS3my3f
Market street- (ele-.v , . f
vator entrance), >^V fl^^KiSs.
San Francisco.
¦fl^Ui IQCtS^i ¦ (hi HSa
i a| fe|"F^S fH EcSS li^
UU. CALL'S StINViG0KAT0R3^f|r$]
Five hundred reward for any • gSs |£E
case we cannot cure.- This secret @E3
remedy stops all losses In 14 hours,. B S
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- BBSS * !Eas
cocele. Gonorrhoea, .Gleet, Kits, fy?' 7^^
Strictures, Lost Manhood and. all .. U&J ,U4U ¦
wasting effects of self abuse or n»55 3>SF ¦
excesses. ' Sent sealed, J2 bottle; 3 iK^Szii^ j
»iottles,-$3: Ktiaranteed-to-cure any case. Ad- (
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at I073V4
Market st., S. F. All private ' diseases quickly
cured. ¦? Send for. free book. •,--.¦¦.
— . . . . — ; — . :
B A J A C A U IFORNIA
J)amiana Bitters
8S A GREAT RESTORATIVE.. 'IXVIIjOKa- i
tor, and Nervine.^-' ¦::.•.,-*.- ¦> « "
. The most ¦ wonderful ! aphrodisiac I and Special i
Tor.ic for the Sexual Organs.. for. both sexes.- j
-The Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells en Its own , merits.
NABER,. ALFS & BRUXE. > Agents. •
i " 323 Market ¦ st., S. ;F.— (Send for . Circulars.).
ADVEBTISETVrRNTSw
™ EARLY BIRD
Catches the worm— if you've*been caugh
on poor laundry work drop us a card a
call us up on the 'phone and we'll call fa
and return your next bundle in a conditloi
that'll make your Easter outfit doubl:
pleasing to you.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts il
you- order it
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRV
Office 1OO4 MarkBt Straat
'Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ava,
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEET3
STRICTURES and^analojoua complaints of tiu
Orsana of Generation. - • .
Price SI a bottle. For sal* by drusrglst*.
AMTTSEaraarrs.
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL
TSCHERNOFF*S DOGS: FULLER. MOLLE1
AND BURKE: "A GIRL- OF QUALITY" •
HAMILTON HILL. BURT SHEPARD
CALLAHAN AND MACK. SCOTT AN I
"WILSON: BIOGRAPH SHOWING QUEE3
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL, and
LAST WEEK OF
MARIE WAINWRIGHT. Assisted by Edwart
Eisner and Company. Presenting
"JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON."
Reserved -seats, 23c; balcony/ 10c; opera chala
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK.
EVERT NIGHT. MATINEE SATURDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN Present*
the THFv
SUCCESS - Illb
ffijffinr. "LITTLE
MINISTER
BY J. U, BARRIE. —
Founded on hi" novel of the same name. ,
Next Monday- - - BLANCHE WALSE'
In "MORE THAN QUEEN."
QRAND OPERA. MOUSE
SATURDAY EVENING. APRIL «.
First Appearance of Our NEW EASTER3
STOCK COMPANY in the Easter Drama tti
Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
Introducing Walter Moroaco's Beautlfa
SHETLAND PONIES, Which. With Their Bata
Offspring. Will Be on View In Lobby d
Theater From Wednesday.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
PRICES '. .'.; 10c, 13c. 25c, 50
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 73c.
Good Reserved Seats at Sunday Matinee U
Orchestra, 23c.
TO-NIGHT and EVERY EVG THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special Engagement of America's Tragedian
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company, lj
a* Stupendous Production of
...THE GLADIATOR...
100——PEOPLE ON THE STAGE tOO
Mr. .Downing* s 1st appearance at popular prices
PDffEC Evenings lOc. 15c. 35c. JHM
IflilCj Matinees ,..10c, 15c. 23«
Next Week— MR. DOWNING as INGOMAR
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS of the Musical Hit,
The Wedding Day
No Matinee Saturday This Week on Acsoun
- of Great Preparations for
"THE IDOL'S EYE"-K00t Mon i
ox
SATCRMY EVENING, April 6,
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 60
Telephone— Bush 9.
TQrNIGHT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Bret Harte's Dramatized Novel,
A Heart lLiulLjjLLJ
™. PARDNER.
Beautiful Realistic Scenery.
PEICES - - • - • - I5c, 2sc, 35c, 58c
Next Week-"A COAT OP MANY COLORS.*
•RACES_ T ff 1N
THfcSA8FRANM JOCKEY GLU3.
•WEEK APRIL 1ST TO 6TH.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
TUESDAY-HURDLE RACE. RBI
THURSDAY— HANDICAP
SATURDAY— COLTS' 2XD TRIAL STAKES
NEXT "WEEK— SEVERAL BIG » EVENTS.
* First Race Dally at 1:10 P. M-
Trains from Third and Townsend 8treet»— I
9:30, 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, L 1:30, 2 p. in.
Returning leave Track 4:13 and thereafter m
short , Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladlei
and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) H 8
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. 1 POWER. -Racing Secretary.
PTCfJUFR'^ CONCERT "HOUSE
*.*B}jnptl D Admission lOc.
Win. McDonald. Kelcey Sisters. Mabel Mar
tin. De Camp and Murdoch, the Malvern Fan*
Ily, . Tom Mack and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Jtt*
served Seats, * 23c. " Matinee Sunday.?LOCAL MARKETS.
j Chicago Grain Market.
Articles— - - ' Iteceipts.- Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2S.000 ¦ . 23 000
"Wheat, bushels 134,000- ¦ . '44,000
Corn, bushels, .....¦..'..•..'.:... ..134.00 r • ¦ 239,000
Oats, bushels ......'......:.'.. :.29S.000' —215.000
Bye. bushels -..'.." 3.0C0 • ', .-, 4,f 00
Barley,, bushels :'...". 6,0(10 ,'. ; " 6.0C0
On the Produce 'Exchange to-day the "butter
Cash quotations -were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 3 spring. 63g.72<ic; No. 2 red/ 74%@
76%c; No. 2. corn. 43c; No. 2 yellow, 43c; No 2
oats. 2T@»7V4C:.No. 2 white, 29«4@29%c; ¦ No. \3
white. 2S%@29>4c: No. 2 rye.' 64c; good • feed
ing barley. 45c : fair . to choice . malting barley,*
4'J@49%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 S5; No. 1 North
western,. Jl 56; prime timothy seed, $4 10; mess
pork, 'per barrel. $15 aOtfUJ 55: lard, per- 100
pounds. ¦ $SJ2^i@8 45: short jribs ' sides (loose)
*S 10@8 30: dry salted shoulders, (boxed). ¦ 6?i
(R6 7 /sc; short clear: sides ¦ (boxed), v $8 40@8 50
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $11. -'^^ii^nwiW^ffWBJteHGSJ
Heavy Penalty for a Kiss.
Two voung men and two young women
of St. Petersburg are about to pay a
heavy penalty for demonstrating their af
fection in public. For having kissed each
other in the course of a dinner at a res
taurant each has been sentenced to serva
fifteen days in Jail. The case has just
come from appeal, the Superior Court
having confirmed the judgment of thf»
lower bench, that , the defendants were
guilty of indecent conduct. — Berlin. Times.
Single commission houses to-day did a suf
ficient business in these stocks alone to real
ize a handsome fortune for the brokerage
commission on their operations. One house
was credited with selling upward of 100,000
i-hares of United States Steel preferred, and
various other houses between 50,000 and 100.000
of either one or the other of the stocks. The
re«ources required for the support of a stock
In which ihe dealings are on such a scale
rtagscr the Imagination. But the day's
rvont proved that the powerful syndicate back
of these securities was equal to the task. It
in current belief that the market management
of the stocks is under the care of the mobt
conspicuous and widely fcnown professional
operator In the Ftr<?ct. The offerings which
Tvere hurled on the market fairly staggered
th«> prices Tor a period, but they were rallied
rnd moved upward through the avalanche, athe
common rising 2t4 and closing at the top
v hile tho preferred rose an extreme 1»« and
closed within -1 i of the top. The course of
Ih^se stocks had a large influence on the ulti
mate movement of the whole fttock market.
There were points of great strength here and
there In the early detlinps, but the profit-tak
ing rales were on an enormous scale and the
movement of rricee highly Irregular and con
flicting until past the noon hour. ,, Many of
the opening advances were about wiped out
before the final outburst which carried prices
to the higliert of the day. A final realizing
movement carried the most active stocks down
f£ain from 1 to 2 points and made the clos
ing very Irregular. Rock Island was a feature
ell day in snite of denials of reported consoli
dation with the Atchison system and of other
rumors e<H afloat to account' for the move
ment in the stock. A lm-ge part of the specu
lation was apparently baeed on the disparity
between its prices and tna* of the other lead
ing, grangers which have had such tremend
ou* aiiwncr.8 la the la*,t few months. The
tjctreni* rise in the stock was 4^ ami the net
rain four points. St.. Paul was ttrong through
out and became quite buoyant, rising 3T4, but
felling back V.i en the 'reaction. Union Pacific
It is very evident that the activity of the
X'nlted States Steel corporation stocks on the
exchange with their bulky capitalization of
11.000.000 shares, according to to-day's amended
certificate of incorporation, is to constitute a
new era in the volume of dealings of the In
dividual stocks. ¦¦'....:
ICETV YORK. April 1. — The prodigious vol
ume of dealings In the United States Steel
recurities to-day brought the aggregate sales
of all Etocks on the exchange 'within measure
able distance of the largest dealings on record
for a single day. The largest single day's
transactions were those on January 7 of this
year when the ngpresate sales reached 2,127,50o.
The total of to-day was 1.858.S00. which has
been only exceeded by {he record day. The
largo part played by the United States Steel
stocks even In such a broad and active market
es that of to-day is indicated by the sales of
the common and preferred, those of United
States Steel amounting to 266.100 and the pre
ferred 163,000 shares, or for both 434,900 shares,
which was 23 i»r cent of the total dealings.
¦Nkv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS:
CHICAGO, April 1— The advancing tendency
of the corn market which has been shown In
an aggressive I manner in the past few days
received a sharp check. ' but broke only after
a desperate resistance. May opened with sell
ers all the way from 44V&C to 45c, the lnfluV
ences aside from the desire from profits being
favorable weatjier, liberal receipts, including a
good proportion of contract corn and indiffer
ent cables. , Philips bought liberally . and was
trailed by country interests as usual. This
support held the market all forenoon against
the liquidating pressure. May reacted from
44c to 4 4 Vic, and held close under that figure
until noon. Long corn was then offered with
great freedom. May dropping to 43»'gc, closing
weak, l@l%c under Saturday at 43V2C.
The withdrawal of the corn' support, which
has been the mainstay of wheat bulls for
some time, had a serious effect on that nat
urally bearish market. May wheat opened
%(gi%c lower at 75%75%c under, the influence
of weak cables, decidedly bearish world's
statistics, liberal receipts . and good weather.
Buying by a corn bull caused an early rally
to 75%C For . a time the market ruled .stag
nant, but when corn broke and the visible
supply showed an Increase, the market broke
to ~*V*c. The close was weak. May l%c lower
at 74»ic. " > . .,
i Oats were active, but erratic, and In the end
bowed to the corn Influence. May closed %@%c
lower at 25%@2£9ic. .
Provisions remained firm In the face of weak
ness in neighboring pits on light hog receipts
and higher prices at the . yards. May pork
closed 10c over : Saturday and ribs . and j lard
l^c higher each.
The leading futures ranged: as follows: .
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦
May .'....... "73% .. 75%' ¦ 74^ 74%
July 76H 76Vi 74% 7454
Corn No. 2— . . '
April .... 425J
May : 44% 44«4 43% 43V4
July "44H 4114 43% 43&
Oats No. 2-
May ; 17 2"Vi 23?» -. 2594
July. 26«i 2G% - 25Vi 23»i
Mess pork, per barrel —
May IS 62V4 15 62iJ 15 60 15 60
July ........1530 1531 1515 15 30
Lard, per 100 pounds— f
May 8 23 » 3?!i 8 25 8 30
July : S 15 8 20 8 12VJ . 8 15
September S 17V4 , S 20 "8 12Vfe 8 17V4
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— • ; .
May.. ..8 10 8 27>4 8 10 S 22U
July ...:.... ¦.......'. 8 10 .-" 8 12Vi-'.S 05 - 8 10'
September .... . 8 10 8 12Vi 8 C2Vi'. S 07V4
; ; ;Bran rules . firm under continued free, iight
receipts, while hay is directly the opposite.
BRAN— $15 60@16 per ton.
'MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
, '• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled. Barley. $1« 50@17 pe'r
ton; Oilcake Meal' at the mill. J25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18 ; Corn - Meal,- $25<g:
25 £0; Cracked Corn. J25 E0@26; Mixed - Feed.'
$151316. .
HAT— Volunteer. $508: Wheat.'" $11613: Wheat
and Oat;'$9ftl2:"Oat; $9 g 11 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. WS9 50: Barley. $7 50©9 50 ,per ton.
STRAW-:3@47yc per . bale.
Beans and Seeds.
-There is s nothing "new In Beans or. Seeds.
Eoth are dull. :'- \ '. ' ' : .
'¦-BEANS— Bayos,' J2 50@2 65; Small White. '$4 65
@4 90; 'Large White,'- $4 14 15; Pink, JlSOgl';-
Hay and- Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as i fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: 1 Graham
Flour, $3 per' 100.1 bs; Rye ' Flour, $2 75;"Rye
Meal, |2 50; Rice Flour,; $7; Corn Meal, . $2 75;
extra-cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 E0@3 75; Buckwheat Flour," J4JJ4 23 -
Cracked - Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; "Whoie
Wheat 'Flour. $3 '-'5; Rolled Oats (barrels),
J6 10@7 60; ; In sacks. J5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley,
$i; Split Peas' $5; Green. Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
: FLOUR— California Family Extras. , $3 25@
3 50. usual . terms ; V Bakers' • Extras, $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, *2 75@2 85 per barrel for; family and
$2 75@3 for bakers* ; Washington, 1 bakers', $2 75
Ql. ¦ i ¦:¦ _ -¦ '¦-:.,' ...". . ¦ ¦.<: .
Flour and Millstuifs.
Second Session— No sales. ¦
Regular Morning . Session — December— 2000
Ctls. 71%C. •¦•• --¦ - . " . ' ¦ ' ."".-.. ".-, '-;
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 - ctls. 73c; 4000,
76c. December-2000, 72c; 20C0. 71%c; 4000, 71'^c.
OATS— The . condition of the market remains
unchanged. White. $1 35@1 50: -Surprise, nomi
nal; Red, $1 ?0@l 43: Black. $1 13lgl 25 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White, ?1 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed, $1 12'^ per ctl.
RYE— 80@85c per ctl. . '
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse. . /
' The American visible • supply increased . 35.000
bushels. The world's shipments for the ; week
were as follows: Russian, 99,000: quarters;
Danubian, .42,000; Argentine,. 131,000; Austra
lian, 128,000. - : ' .¦
This market was a shade off as to futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. *1 01M. ; choice, $rO2U;
milling, Jl 05@l 07V4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES, f.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
- Second Session — No sales. .
' Regular Mornlns ' Session — May — S00O ctls,
$1 03% ; • 6000, $103; 4000, Jl 03ft. December—
SOCO, $105%; 8000, ¦ Jl 05%,
Afternoon. Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 05%. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ " - ;
¦ BARLEY — The. mark t . continues to move
upward and the demand ' is increasing-. The
statistical position is very strong. The re
ceipts in March were only 8,824 tons, against
12,951 In February. The stock in warehouse
and on wharf April 1 was 25,743 tons, against
3P.173 on March 1, as will be seen in the. first
eclumn; while city stocks April 1 were 42S6
tons, against 7070 on March 1.
Feed, 80c for choice bright, 77^@78?io . for
No. 1 .and 75c for off grades: : Brewing and
Shipping grades, S2%@S7Hc; Chevalier, nom
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale3.
[ WHEAT— Dullness continued to characterize
the. situation yesterday. The feeling was un
settled. ; Liverpool spot was firm and futures
lower. ,' Paris was- slightly higher, and. New
¦York declined. Chicago was steady, with
some '.realizing and short selling', and consid
erable short wheat was dumped on stop orders.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — J4 85VS
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables :. — 4 90
New York Exchange, .i^~t... — 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphio — .15
Sil"er, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 60 @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled ¦weath
er Tuesday, with rain in central and north
ern portion; warmer; to-night brisk southwest
winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; fresh
r.est winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday with rain in north
«?rn portion: high southerly ' winds.
I'tah— Cloudy Tutscay; probably showers In
extreme northern portion; warmer; fresh
s >utherly winds.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
f^an Francisco »nd vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
¦weather, with showers Tuesday; brisk to high
t-outhwest winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
>'¦; minimum, 47; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A rtorm of considerable energy appeared
Fuddenly this morning over Washington' and
Vancouver Island and has already developed
into a disturbance of some magnitude. High
southerly winds arc reported generally along
th»- coast north of Cape Mendocino and also
inland. At Portland a maximum wind veloc
ity ut forty-two miles per hour is reported. At
;N< all Bay a rainfall of 1.84 inches In the past
twelve hours, or more than 3 incnes in twen
ty-four hours. At Artoria 1.80 inches has
fallen in the past twelve hours. The greater
j'ortlon' of the storm will probably move rap
idly eastward, but there will be a southerly
prolongation over the Sierra.
The temperature lias risen rapidly over
Northern Nevada and In Arizona.
Forecast made st San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 2, 1901: •
NEW YORK, April 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,551; exports, 16,216. Easier and dull, with
buyers and sellers 5@15c apart. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 66,000; exports. 155,000
bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red, SITic f.o.b.
afloat; No. 2 red, SO%c elevator; No. 1- North
ern, 90%c f.o.b. afloat; No. 2 hard Duluth.
92%a f.ab. afloat. Options had a weak' and
unsettled day, responding to active selling for
both accounts and a sharp break in corn.
Moreover . weekly statistics were | bearish,
cables lower, seaboard clearances only moder
ate and home.' crop news quiet Closed weak
at lU@l%c net decline, in the face of a big
export trade. May, 79 7-16@S0%c, closed 79%c:
July. 79%@Slc. closed 73?4c;,. September, 79V6@
SO 7-16e, closed 79^.
HOPS-Quiet. .
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6;4c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8V2@12>/4c. Futures
closed .steady, with prices unchanged at 10
points 'net higher. The total sales were 13.500
bags. Including: Hay. $5 BO; June. $5 55: "July,
$5 65; September. $5 75; October and Novem
ber. $5 SO.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 17-32c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 l-32@4 l-16c; molasses
sugar, 3 9-3203 9-16c; refined, steady., ¦ -
BUTTER — Receipts. 18,000 packages. Fresh
ci-eamery. 10@22c; factory. ll®14Uc
EGGS— Receipts, 15,300 packages. Firm.
Western, at mark, 13U@13V4c • .
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. April - 1.— The market for
evaporated apples exhibited little If any activ
ity to-day. Buyers were inclined to hold off
for concessions, and prices were more or less
nominal. State common, 3@4c; prime, 4Vi@
4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy. 6@6Hc.
California fruits were Inactive. , • .
Prunes— 3>4®7a ,,' • * •
Apricots— Royal, 7V&@12c ; Moorpark, S%@13c.
Peaches— Peeled. 12V4@20c: unpeeled, 5V4@10c.
New York Grain and Produce
Coinage of the Mint.
Th« coinage of the local mint In March was
J6.63L9S3. againet J2.7M.678 In March. 1900, the
descriptions being as follows: Double-eagles,
S2,3CP.C>00; eagles. J2.660.0OO; half-eagles. $1,220,
(<00; < liars, $400,000; dimes. J31,£33> The coinage
for Ifce current fiscal year to date amounts to
$:2,0f].9:-6, egainst J42,7i7.975 for the same period
in 1MO.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
¦n her* April 1 as follows, in tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costs, March 1 75,605 26,064
Port Costa, April 1 .79,094 17.414
Sioel;ton, March 1 : 36,462 6,039
StocV-ton. April 1 24,432 4,043
Kan Kranclsco, March 1.... • 738 7.070
Pan Francisco. April 1 587 4.2S6
Oats. Corn. Bran.
Marci 1 4.014 490 166
April 1 3,463 245 63
I!ect!j,'ts m March wsre SS24 tons barley, 1907
tens oatE, 438 tons corn and 1397 tons bran.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mafl advices from New York say: "Prunes
aro poing out f freely anj the market holds firm,
parttoularty en &0-6CS. 60-70s and the Email
sizes. Stocks are light on the spot and ar
rivals yesterday were only a few hundred
bovf. Considerable lots of fresh supplies are
nevertheless expected to arrive from the coast
•during the week. The Eituatlon In California
Is much" firmer, not mare than twenty-flve to
forty rars now being l.old in first hands out-
Bide the association, according to conservative
etttmatfs. These goods are understood to be
available en a basis of about 2Vjc Buyers
hero, however, are believed to ha\-e taken care
of th?tr wants, and it is not considered likely
ili<re will be any buying of prunes from the
a£Koe!ation for. a long time to come.
"Riisins, both domestic and . imported, are
nif>tinff with very li'jlit demand. Some Job
bers report a little more trade In apricots and
peai l:ts. but prices show no signs of improve
ment. Currants are in tome request, with a
continued easy mark-t. Apples are about
f-t<»ady. with, business licht.
'"Jordan and Valencia shelled almonds are
firmer, fome holflers u&Ling */ic higher. Cables
from Malaga report »;tcoks light and a strong
markrt. Filberts are easy.. Naples walnuts
sre practically fxhau.-'.:il. Some Email lots are
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCISCO,* April 1—5 p. m.
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
"The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange'" yesterday: •
200 Belcher ..'..;..." «9 400 Overman ..'. 34
500 Challenge ...... 13 500 Savage 12
100 Chollar ......... "II ICO Sierra Nevada. 32
7C0 Con Oal & Ca..J 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
200 Gould &. Curry. 14 100 Union Con 1>
&OOGould& Curry- 13 200 Utah o»
400 Ophir '...- 72 ICO Yellow Jacket.. Is
Afternoon Session
2C0 Belcher ........ 10 SCO Ophlr 70
100 Best & Belcher 21 SCO Ophlr- .' 71
E0O Chollar V 15 30O Savage ..-.- 1?
1100 Con Cal & Va..2 OS 200 Sierra Nevada. 32
200 Crown Point... 13 ICO Yellow Jacket.. 19
2C0 Mexican .... — 33
Morning Session
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Sessloa
Board —
500 Continental, :... 95
, ECO Corona. ....' ' 0«
E0O El Oro l 60
1C0 Four - : 52
100 Home 5 85
100 Junction 59
400 Junction ' 60
130 Lion .- 20
400 Monarch of Arizona. .; 54
SCO Monarch of Arizona 52
500 Monarch of Arizona (B 60) 55
- ICO Occidental of West Virginia 53
SO Peerless (B 60) S aO
500 Petroleum Center 17
5C0 Reed Crude :..:.. 54'
100 Sliamrock 65
SCO Sterling 2 00
1C0 Sterling (B 60).... 2 10
ICO. Sterling - 2 03%
ICO Sterling (B 5) 2 05
100 Home •••¦ 3 S3
... Street— ' :.":.-; ,'K "¦¦¦-, :;.-.,: ,:¦.;>:¦
. . Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Bear Flag *. 15
SCO Bear Flag - 14 -
100 Cala-Standard 44
100 Cala-Standard ...t.. 43
100 Cala-Standard 42
100 Cala-Standard 41
- 100 Cala-Standard • 40'
500 El Oro. 60
•ISO Four 52
5 Home ......:... 4 00
10O Home • - :... .3 80
100 Home - 375
150 Home S 70
125 Kern • 7 50
100 Lion .....' ' M
550 Monarch of Arizona- ¦ 51
200 Monarch of Arizona. SO
100 Occidental of West Virginia 49
50D Petroleum Center 16
2C0Reed Crude • • 54
100 Sterling : - 2 Oo
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1500 California-Standard 4.>
100 Home Oil Co - 3 90
2000 Lion Oil Co, • B 60 21
1000 Lion OH Co, B 60 CO
100 Sterling. Oil Co 2 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 California-Standard .44'
'200 Caribou . 70 .
400 Junction .........; \ m
¦ 500 Lion Oil Co :... 2)
1000 Lion Oil Co 20
1600 Petroleum Center is
MINING STOCKS.
Board —
10 California. Wine Assn /.100 00
.. S3 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 67 75
65 Honokaa Sugar Co 3162%
60 Hutchinson S P Co 22 00
25 Kllauea S P Co -.2123
1S5 Makaweli 40 50
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s. 116 50
$3000 Oceanic S S Co bonds 104 12%
50 Oceanic S S Co..... 50 00
50 Paauhau S P Co...J 32 00
$1000 S F & J -V bonds 118 50
Afternoon Session.
23 Oceanic S S Co '. 49 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 48 50
23 Pacific Gas Imp 39 75
60 S V Water 92 25
20 California Fruit Canners', S 90 96 00
150 California Wine Assn ...100 00
15 Equitable Gas ....' 3 00
50 Honokaa ,. 3162%
25 Makaweli 40 50
Street — . - .
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 103 50
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 67 75
33 Honokaa Co 3162%"
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st .. — 140 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st .......47%— Presidio — 30
Market-st . 70 71 .
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 81 81%IVlgorIt ......... " VA
SUGAR STOCKS. '. "V*
Hana Plan ... 7 8 IKllauet 21 21U,
Haw Com — 68% Makawell 4O?4 40%
Honokaa 31% 31ft|Onomea 28% 29»4
Hutch S P .... - 22 IPaahau ....... 31% 33
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. :> •
Alaska Pack... 124 — Oceanic SS Co 47% —
Cal Fruit Can 9« — Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.152 —
Her Ex Assn.103 — Par Paint Co. 16 —
v Bid. Ask. i - _ Bid.Ask
4s coupon ....113 114% 4s coup (new). 138V*139
4s registered.. 113 113%l3s.quar coup..lll% —
. . . . MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS. .
Bay C P C 5s.lO3% — Oceanic S3 os.104%105
Cal-st.Cab 5s. 116% — Om C R 6s.... 128% —
C C Water 5S.109 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100&
E L & P. 6s..l28%133% Pk & a It 6s.lO5 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 113 — Pk & O R 6s.U7 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R 6S.120 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6% — S E G & R cs. 95 —
Haw -G 5s.:t..1O2 - SF & SJV 5s.11S% —
L A R R 5s.. 110% — S R of Cal 6s.llO —
L A L Co 63.. — 102 S P R of A 6s
Do grntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — Do (1910) 114 —
LAPRR 5s. 102% — S P C 6s (1905.
Markt-st C 6s. 126% — Series A).. ..106% —
Do 1st c 5s. 121% — Do(Series B)107U —
N C N G R 7s — ¦ 113% r>o (1906) 110 —
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 5s.H8«4 — S P C 1st g 6slO6% —
N P C R R 6s.l01% — S P Br R 6S..131 —
N P C R R os.108% — S V Water 6s.ll4 —
N C R 5s Ill — Do 4s 103% —
O G L & H 5s.U0% — Do 3d mtg.-102% —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117 Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Oak W Co Ss.lOO —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 72% 75 ¦. [Spring Valley. 93 —
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.'.. — 4 Pac Lt Co.... — «.
Equit Gas — — Sac E R & R. — 40 '
Mut Elec Lt.. — SU S F G & E.. 44 45
O G L & H... 60fi — San Francisco. 4& 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & E. — 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 235 245 \ •'
BANK STOCKS.
Angle-Cal ....70 77%'Lon P & A. ..146 —
Bank of Cal. .409 — iMer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe'Dep.106 — S F National.120 125
1st N of S F. — 312%|
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 6av & Loan.. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual .50 — Union Trust... — —
B F Sav U....515 —
was very actively dealt In at an extreme rise
• Money market conditions were entirely ig
nored In the eager speculative spirit. Although
Government internal ! disbursements i are ex
pected to yield over $3,000,000 to the money
market to-morrow, the absorption of cash by
the. Sub-Treasury on routine operations con
tinues very large. Sterling exchange advanced
a fraction to the gold export point to-day on
the large demand, from stock houses, who are
buying American: stocks abroad. After the
stock market had closed a $500,000 gold shipment
to Europe for to-morrow was announced and
more is expected to go during the week. The
tone of the money market was distinctly
harder, but not the slightest effect was pro
duced on the speculation. Conjecture was at a
loss to account for the heavy concentrated
celling of the United ¦ Staes Steel stocks, but
there was a suggestion that it was due to the
purchase of an interest amounting to several
million dollars 'which the syndicate under
writers had agreed, to sell, .but had decided to
pass through the open market.
The bond market was not active relatively
as the stock market, but business was small
and the movement of prices Irregular.
Total sales, $6,035,000.- United States 3s and
new 4s declined M per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST, v
Shares • • :¦-¦ Closing ]
Sold. Stock— - Bid. I
64,100 Atchison .*... 63%
El, SCO Atchison prefd : 96%
3.900 Baltimore & Ohio 92'.s
Canadian Pacific 93
2,200 Canadian Southern 64U
6.C00 Chesapeake & Ohio.... 46%
2,200 Chicago Great Western 23 ,
S3.5C0 Chicago 'Burlington- & Quincy 178%.!
2,200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 38V4
2,700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.... 74
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 116
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 183%
126,300 Chicago Rock Isl & Pacific 139
100 C C C «~ St Louis '.... 81
9,600 Colorado Southern 11%
. 1,600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd., 47
l.tiOO Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 21%
6,000 Delaware & Hudson '. 172fe
3,300 Delaware Lack & Western 215
600 Denver & Rio Grande 46
5,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 97&
$3,100 Erie 37
36,900 Erie 1st prefd 70«i
2,100 Great Northern prefd :00?i
2,300 Hocking Coal 19»»
100 Hocking Valley 54Vi
10,200 Illinois Central ...13914
¦ 1,500 Iowa Central 31
1,200 Iowa Central prefd 61%
6,500 Lake Erie & Western 62
300 Lake Erie & Western rrefd 127
Lake Shore 210W,
11,600 Louisville & Nashville ICHtti
57.600 Manhattan L '....12S%
11,800 Metropolitan Street Ry 165%
P.900 Mexican Central 22%
2,000 Minneapolis & St Louis 86%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
10,800 Missouri Pacific ..101%
500 Mobile & Ohio 80V«
6,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25%
3,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... 67%
....... New Jersey Central .'.155
11,200 New York Central ..'. 147»i
3,300 Norfolk & Western 50*i
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 85%
31,200 Northern Pacific 94%
8,900 Northern Pacific prefd 92%
14.SC0 Ontario & Western 36
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
70,300 Pennsylvania .....'. ....154%
33,600 Reading ...t 36%
63,600 Reading 1st prefd- 76%
£0,700 Reading 2d prefd 63»i
100 Rio Grande Western 84
Rio Grande Western' prefd 104
5,000 St LouU & San Fran 43V4
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 83%
6.000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6S
3,900 St I»uls Southwestern' 85',£
4,800 Bt Louis Southwestern prefd 64%
101,200 SfPaul 153
100 St Paul prefd ....183
St Paul & Omaha.. .' 130
69.S00 Southern Pacific 47
11.100 Southern Railway' 28%
S0.000 Southern Railway prefd 7S%
10.&00 Texas & Pacific '. 36%
120,100 Union Pacific 93%
6,300 Union Pacific prefd S5»,i
3,900 AVabash ............: 20
11,300 Wabash prefd 40
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie..... 19
1,300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... 35%
2,200 Wisconsin Central 20%
Third Avenue 121
700 Baltimore & Ohio 96%
4,100 National Tube 67%
300 National Tube prefd ....119
Express Companies —
Adams 160
100 American 200
....... United States 77
....... Wells Fargo 144
Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil 25%
American Cotton Oil prefd J>5
; American Malting 5%
American Malting prefd 26
13,100 American Smelting & Refin "... 64%
• 2.700 American Smelting & Rt-fln prefd.. 94%
....... American Spirits 2V4
American Spirits prefd 17
4,600 American Steel Hoop 48
1,300 American Steel Hoop prefd 96%
6,900 American Steel & Wire..: 48%
600 .American Steel & Wire prefd 112
3,900 American Tin Plata 78%
300 American Tin Plate prefd 120%
20.S00 American Tobacco .....125%
American Tobacco prefd 144
1,500 Anaconda Mining Co 46
• 25,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83V4
21.100 Colorado Fuei & Iron 57V4
6,700 ' Continental' Tobacco 44%
1,600 Continental Tobacco prefd.. 103%
9. 800 Federal Steel 55
3.300 Federal Steel prefd 105
1 200 General Electric 218
2,100 Glucose Sugar 50%
.....'.. Glucose Sugar prefd • 96%
5.100 International Paper 27%
S,000 International Paper prefd 79%
200* I>aclede Gas ...81%
600 National Biscuit 41*4
National Biscuit prefd 95%,
300 National Lead 16%
300 National Lead prefd 83^
3,000 National Steel 59Vi
200 National Steel prefd 119%
100 New York Air Brake ; 155
500 North American 87%
Pacific Coast 65
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91
Pacific Coast 2d prefd..'.. : 64
200 Pacific Mall - 36
2,300 People's Gas — 107>4
6.400 Pressed Steel Car ". 40
1.000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
1.000 Pullman Palace Car 213
2,100 Standard Rope & Twine .......' B
23,800 Sugar ...'. 14O',4
¦ 100 Sugar urefd ."..:.. 121
21.600 Tenn Coal & Iron 64%
6.400 United States Leather 13%
2. S0O United States Leather prefd 76U
4.900 United States Rubber 20£
4.100 TTnited States Rubber prefd 5S%
2I.4O1 Western Union 95
10.300 Amalgamated Copner 100'J
39.000 Republic Iron & Rteel Co ..lOO'i
10.000 . Republic Iron fc; Steel Co prefd.... 79"4
P C C 4 St Louis, .63
2SR.100 II S Ste*>l ..... 4S"-;
168.800 US Steel prefd '...?... 9G#
l,S5?,S0.1 Shares Fold.
BOSTON STOCKS . AND BONDS.
Money — ' Union. Land ........ i\i
Call loans S^mV- West End ......... 95
Time loans 3^®! Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s ". 102
Atchison «3%i N E G & Coke 5s.. 67%
do prefd 96>,i • Mining shares
Am Sugar 110% Adventure ."... 15%
do prefd .« 121% Bingham Mln Co.. 25
Am TelfDhon* 16S AmalK Copper ....100'.
Boston & Albany. 256% Atlantic ......'.I... 32%
Boston Klevated...l73 Boston & Mont. ...334
C B & Q 173% Butte & Boston.;.. 99%
Dom Coal 38% Calumet & Hecla..S20 ••
do prefd Ill Centennial....".:... 26
Fed Steel 54% Franklin 20
do prefd ..J05 Humboldt .v 23 '
, Fttchburg prefd ..H4U Osceola 82%
Gen Electric 217% Parrot . 52
dp prefd .........202 Quincy ...176
Ed Elec 111 2. r .5 Santa Fe Copper... 8
Mex Cent 22% Tamarack , ;..32S
Old Dominion j..:,35'/b Utah Mining ...... oi'i
Rubber ...'. 20Vi Winona v 4%
Union Pacific 93'i Wolverines ' CO'
* MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. .'. 23, Little Chief 14
Alice 34. Ontario -.".:."... 9 00
Breece I20iOphir ....65
Brunswick Con..... 23 Phoenix OS
Compticlc Tunnel... 05 Potosl .:..'... 12
Con -Cal & Va......l 95 Savage ..:........:.. -10
Oeadwood Terra SOjSierra Nevada...... -18
Horn Silver. ........ 1 in Small Hopes.....:., tw
Iron Silver ..: — ..- 59, Standard ...: ..4 00
Leadvllle Con....... Cii
MONDAY. April 1—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Local stocks and bonds were quiet and un
changed on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange. In' the afternoon the only change
of note, was a decline in Oceanic to $43 SO.
There was a downward tendency in the oil
stocks on the afternoon calls.
The Giant Con. | Powder Company has de
clared a dividend of 75c per share, payable
on the 10th. •/- .--¦¦
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c. . '¦ : ; --^- ¦ ¦.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay Its
eighty-eighth dividend of 75c on the 12th.
Interest, on the bonds of a number of local
corporations was payable April 1 as follows:
Geary Street Ry. 5s $18,775
Hawaiian Commercial 6% „ 15,717
Hawaiian Commercial 5s 25,000
Los Angeles Railway fs 99,935
Los Angeles Lighting 6a 23,000
Northern Railway California 5s 118,775
Omnibus Cable Railway 6s 60,000
S. F. and S. J. V. Ry. 5s.. 150.000
S. P. Ry. Cal. 6s 817,325
S. P. Branch Ry. 6s......... 105,930
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
H(hcat lower and Barley higher. Other ceixals unchanged.
Bran firm.. Hay zveak, with liberal arrivals.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds. ;>*'•.';
Oregon Potatoes higher. Asparagus lower. Onions steady.
Butler in heavy receipt and weak. Eggs scarce and higher.
¦ Tzvclc cars of Oranges sold at auction^/'*.
Lemons weak and Limes lower. Bananas' scarce and firm.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions very firm at Saturday's advance. v ,
Hogs continue scarce and firm. - •> / .
Nothing new in stocks and bonds' .;*f r
NEW YORK, April 1.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday/March 30, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat. 54.749,000 bushels; Increase, 35,000. Corn,
22.287,000 bushels: decrease, 575,000. Oats, 11.
£16.COO bushels; increase, 121,000. Rye, 1,019.000
bushels; decrease, 1000; Barley, 1,062,000 bush
cls; decrease, 152,000. ,
Visible Grain Supply.
WASHINGTON, April 1.— To-day's state
ment of trie Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold j reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $158,443,521;. gold. $98,046,643.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, April 1.— Atchison. '65^; Canad
ian Pacific. 9514; Union Pacific preferred. 87>i:
Northern Pacific preferred, 94%; Grand Trunk.
S%; Anaconda.- 9U- Bar silver flat, 27 3-16d
per ounce. Money, 4 per cent. !
CLOSING.
Silver was flat on realizations by weak
holdings and the lack of Indian support. Cop
per was soft on the publication of the fort
nightly reports, which show an increase of 544
tons in stock and an increase of 969 tons in
supplies. . .
The stock market here was only moderately
active to-day, and .the business done was
mainly in the American department. .. The
tone of the general market was irregular.
American stocks were -supported in special
ties, particularly the Atchison, Union Pacific
issues and St. Paul. London bought Atchlsons
on the report that it had acquired Rock
Island and^ would declare to-morrow a divi
dend of VA Per cent -on the common stock.
The market closed at the top. The call money
rate was 3% per cent; bills, Z% per cent. The
market has repaid to the bank £3,000,000,
•which is : about one-quarter of the amount
borrowed.
NEW YORK, April 1.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Lofidon Market.
NEW YORK, April 1.— Money on call firmer
at 2V£@3H per cent; last loan, 3 per cent.
Prime • mercantile paper, 3V4@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 88H@4 88% for demand and
at $4 85 for 60 days; posted rates, $4 85^@$4 83;
commercial bills, $4 84@4 S4&-' Silver .certifi
cates, nominal, 63^@61c. Bar - silver, 59> Jc.
Mexican dollars, 4S 3 ic. ' Government bonds,
weak: State bonds, irregular; railroad bonds,
irregular.
New York Money Market.
¦ CLOSING BONDS. ,'ii
U S 2s ref reg.;...106 |N P 3s........ ...... 72>i
U S 2s coup reg...lO6 N P 4s ' ..104%
U S 3s reg... 110*ijN Y O & St L 4s..lO3Vj
\j S 3s coup '..HlHiN & W consol 4s..l01',4
U S new 4s reg....l3S^ Or Nav lsts ..109
IT R new 4s coup..l3SU Or Nav 4s.... ......104
U S old 4s reg 113U Or S Line 6s 128
TJ S old 4s coup 113^ Or S Line con'5s..H7>4
U S 5s reg lUVi Reading Gen 4s.... 95^
US 5s coup lUHlR G W lsts .101^
Dist of Col 3.63s. ..123V4|S L & I M con 5s. 116^
Atchison gen 4s 1029i'S-L & S F gen 6s.l3Ui
Atchlson adj 4s.... 95W St Paul cdn .lS4^i
Canada So 2ds 108^ IS P C & P lsts....H8V 4
Ches & Ohio 4<£s..lOS IS P C & P 5s 120U
Ches & Ohio 5s....l21»i|S P 4s... 9314
C & NW con 7s...l41» / i'S Rr vay 5s 117
C &. NWSFdeb 5s. 124 IS R . C 6s.......'. 60
Colo So 4s 88Vi!T & r lsts. 120
D & R G 4s........lO2Vi T & P 2ds... 96
Erie General 4s.... 89T4 U P 4s.............,10GU
F W & D C sts...lO6 Wabash lsts. ....:. 119%
Iowa - Central lsts. 116% Wabash 2ds... 110%
L & N Unl 4s 10'S West Shore 4s......H5Vt
M K & T 4s........ 93Vi'Wls Central lsts.. 91
NY Central lsts..lO7U; Va Centuries.:..... 93»4
N J Cent gen 5s.. 133% -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TACOMA. April 1.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, C9%c; club, C7e. . .
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND," . April;. 1.— WHEAT- Walla
Walla, E7c. *¦**-£ ¦¦ .'.. -.¦-'.';'.,'
Cleared— Steamship. Universe for . the Orient,
with 36,750 . barrels of four;, bark Dalblalr for
Queenstown. with 96.927 bushels of wheat; ship
Ferdinand Fischer for Queenstown, with 90,020
bushels of wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April L— Clearings, $448,538;
balances, $85,322.
a WHEAT— Firm: No. j 2 red Western winter,
fis Id; No 1 Northern spring, . 6s 3%d: No.-l
California 6s 4%d. Futures, quiet; May, 6s
Hd; July. 6s %d. •
. CORN— Spot firm;. American mixed, . new.
4s- do old 4s llUd. Futures," steady; May, 3s
llUd; July, -3s 10%d: September, 3a lU4d.
HOPS (at London)— Pacific Coast, steady;
£4(S£4 ISs. ' •' ¦ ' ¦
LIVERPOOL, April 1. — The stocks of wheat
and corn In store and on quays are as fol
lows: Wheat. 1,856,000 ctls; corn, 510,00? ctls.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 1.— Consols, 95%: silver,
2J 3-16d; French rentes, lOlf 10c@101f 22%c; car
goes on passage, firmer tendency; cargoes No.
1 standard California, ! 30s; cargoes ' Walla
Walla, 29s- H&d; English country markets, gen
erally 6d cheaper; Wheat imported Into U. K-,
322.000; Flour imported into ¦ U. K.. 156.000:
Wheat and Flour on passage. to U. K., 3,770.
000; Wheat and Flour on passage, to Conti
nent. 1,43O,COO.- ¦ •- , : . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
LIVERPOOL, April 1.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s 3Hd@6s 4d ; Wheat in
Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
milder.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16d.
Foreign Market's."
'¦ NEW YORK, April 1.— Cotton closed un
changed to 5 points up.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK, April 1.— There was a better
feeling obtained for spelte^ in the local metal
market to-day.' Prices advanced about 5 points
in face of a loss of 2s 6d for that metal in
London, on light export Inquiry and a lack
of sellers. The close was firm at $3 90@3 95.
The , exports of copper ,. for the month of
March was 6624 tons, thus indicating a heavy
decrease for the first quarter of this year, the
exports for the latter being only 24,050 ton?,
against 44,679 last year. The local copper mar
ket was dull but steady at about unchanged
prices on the basis of $17 for lake and $16 62vi
for casting.- At London a decline of 9s 3d was
reported; spot closed at £69 and futures at £63
10s. ' . ¦- • ¦ ¦ " • ' -• -' '•• * *
In London tin was 12s 6d lower The • local
market dropped about 50 points in synipathy
with the .loss ' abroad, • but traders exhibited
little -disposition to do business at any figure.
The close was quiet but firm at $26@26 50. , The
visible supply of tin increased 1040 tons dur
ing the. past month. Lead . was without quot
able change and - very. dull. Iron, while dis
playing . a steady undertone, was inactive and
prices -were more or less nominal on old basis.
Glasgow iron . warrants , closed at 53s Id and
Middlesboro at 44s 9d. "" . : '
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO.. April 1— CATTLE— Receipts,, 22,
000, Including SCO Texans; good to choice steers,
steady to strong; others weak. Good to prime
steers, $5@'6; poor to medium, $3 75@4 30; stock
ers* and feeders', $2 75@4 75; cows, $2 65@4 45;
heifers, $2 75@4 60: canners*. $2@2 65: bulls. $2 73
@A 35: calves, $4 50® 6 25; Texas fed steers, $1
@5; grassers, $3 40@4 CO; bulls, $2 65(B3 65.
HOGS— Receipts, 26,000; to-morrow, 22,000 es
timated;' left over, 1500. Opened 5c higher,
closing easier; top, $6 "2\~. Mixed and butch T
ers\ $5 90<gb 15: good to choice heavy, $6@6 22VJ;
rough heavy, $5 S5(gS 93; light,. $5 90@« 10; bulk
of sales, $6 C2%@€ 10. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 19,000; steady to strong;
good to choice wethers. $4 8003 10; fair to
choice mixed, $4 50@4 85; Western sheep,. $1 SO
<m 10; yearlings, $4 80@5 15: native lambs, $1 75
@5 40; Western lambs, $5 10@5 40. • ¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— - March. May- Aug.
Opening 18 65 19 40
Closing ". V 18 It) U 4J
Flour — - *
Opening ¦.......; ;.' 23 65 24 60
Closing ..23 65 . 24 60
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—, , . . " - May. . July.
Opening. ..:............ 6 1 61
Closing ...". 6 *i . SK
George Prosek (owner) with James P. Burki
(contractor), architect D. C. Coleman— All work
for a one-story and basement frame cottage on
W line Stanyan street. 75 S Seventeenth. S 23
by W 120.__lot 13. block B, map 1 Sutro subdi
vision; $1>>5.
Louis Cranz fowner) with William Helblnff
(contractor), plans by owner— All work for on«
two-story frame and one three-story frame,
builiiinst (five fiats) on S line of Turk street.
109 E Van Ness avenue. E 27:6 by S 128; S372S.
Society of California Pioneers (owners) trim
Bernard Dreyer (contractor), architects Shea
& Shea— Remodeling of fourth floor of Pioneer
building on SYS corner Pioneer placs and
Fourth street: $3S47.
J H. Hamann (o-wner) with John H. Man
ster (contractor), architects Martens & Cotter—
All work except mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a three-story frame building on 3
line ff Sutter street. 25 E of Baker street. B
23 by rf 73; $5733 — *
Sarah A. Franklin (owner) with Alexander
Forbes and C. F. McKenzle (contractors),
architect Fred B. Wood— All alterations and
additions to a three-story frame building on N
line Hermann street, 2G6:3 E of Fillmore, BJ
37:6 by N 68:9. W. A. 294: $1073.
Builders' Contracts.
Michael J. (or Michael I.) and Mary L. Balf*
to Wllbelm and Louise Schafer, I lot on NB
line of Twenty-seventh avenue South, 230 83
of Q street, SE 25 by NB 2C0, block «9, Haley
Purchase; $300.
Antolne and Oracle Borel to Louise M. Cc<rp
er, lot on E line of Paris street, 150 S of Bra
zil avenue S 25 by B 100, block 12. Excelsior
Homestead: $500.
Mary Heck (wife of Joseph H.) to Catherlnn
Jones, lot on NW line of Arlington street. K3
SW of Miguel. SW 23 by NW 100. block *.
Falrmount Tract; $1500.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson and Jarne*
f. Lonir to American Surety Company of New
York, lot on SE corner of Forty-»ixtn and T
streets, E 67:6 by S 100: $5C0.
Mary and Henry Kroeger to same, lot on W
line of Iowa street. 100 N of Eighteenth (So
lano). N 25 by W 100: $3000.
James M. and Lucy W. Talbert to Julia A,
McAuley, lot on W line of Second avenue, 12$
N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120; $3oC0.
J. B. and Mabel L. Coryell to same, lot on
E line of Mississippi street. 100 S of Twenty
fifth (Yolo). S 50 by E 1C0; $500.
F. H. Davis to Southern Pacific Company, lot
on SE corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and Miss
issippi streets. E 100 by S SO: $1.
Mary B. Filer (wife of Charles) to Michael J.
and Mary O'Keefe,' lot on NE corner of Rhod*
Island and Sonoma streets, B 25 by N 73; $1500.
Bridget Dillon (wife of Thomas) and John
Brown to Richard It and Luta E. Warfleld.
lot on SW line of First street. 94 SE of Mis
sion. SE 21 by SW 73; $11,000.
Jennie II. Lewis and Frances Harshall
(Rels) to DenU Brosran, lot on NE line of
Langton street, 100 SE of Folsom, SB 23 by
NE 80; $2000.
Nellie L Graham (wife of Thomas T\> to>
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton and Frances
B. Meliss, lot on W line of Jones street, 35 B
of Greenwich. N 1:6 by W 112:6; $W.
Douglas S. and Mai M. Watson to Edward
W." Hopkins, lot on NW corner of Post and
Powell streets, N 48 by W 60: $S3,C00.
Theresa J. McElroy to James McElroy, lot
on N line of Francisco street. 31:8 E of Stock
ton. W 22:11 by N 68:9; Klft.
John Carroll to Thomas W. Carroll, lot on
S line of Twenty-eighth street. 73 W of Dolores,
S 114 W 57:11. NE to Twenty-eighth. E 31:3,
reserving life estate; $3C0O.
Ruth I> Wallter to David Linden, lot on W
line of Church street. 156 S of Twenty-third.
S 26 by W 117:6; $3000.
John Walker to same, same, quitclaim deed;
$3W).-
Henry Rogers, trustee of trust created by
Catherine M. Garcelon. to Alexander Boyd.
lot on NW corner of California and Drumm
streets, N 61:8 'by "W 70, and party walls;
$14fi.500.
Elizabeth C. and William R. Whlttler and
Gertrude B. Carroll to Mary S. Glaasford, lot
on E line of Sansome street. 63:6 N of Sacra
mento, N 50. E 90. S 73:3, W 2:8. N 7, "W 27:6.
N 16:3. W 60; $40,000.
Margaret Geary to Maggie T. Geary, lot on
S line of CFarrell street, 80 E of Pierce, E 25
by S 87:6; gift.
Victor and Florence Williams to Richard
Mohr. lot on S line of Eddy street, 175 W of
Pierce. W 25 by S 137:6: $3500.
City and County of San Francisco to Ful
ton Engineering and Shipbuilding Works, lot
on N line of Tonquin street. 137:6 W of Brorl
erick. W 137:6. N 275. E to Pueblo line. SE
to a point. S to beginning; .
Michael B. and Anna E. Kavanagh to Sarah
C Cohn (wife of Wolf I*), lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue. l46:10'i W of Baker
street. W 25 by S 137:6; $4000.
Herman H. Gerken to Margaret Gerken. lot
on W line of Shotwell street, 230 N of Twenty
first. N 23 by W 122:6; also lot on NW line
of Clement street and Twenty-second avenue.
W 132:6 by N 100; gift.
John W. Ford to J. W. Forgeus. J. F. Cooper
and W. D. Haslam. all Interest In lot on
NW corner of Twenty-fifth and Howard streets.
N 52 by W 115; and all interest in estate of
James Harkins (deceased), estate probater! in
Monterey County; also property in Santa Crua
County; $4500. , . ¦
August and Annie D. Burse to Frederick
Madge, lot on K line of Dolores street. 91:8
N of Twenty-fourth. N 30:6 by E 117:S; $2250.
1 Estate Joseph Coblentz (by Isidor TT. Levy
and Felix Coblents, executors) .to A. E. Blum,
undivided one-slxtleth interest In lot on SB
corner of C street and Thirty-fourth avenue.
S 600 by E 120; also undivided interest in prop
erty In Alameda. and Contra Costa countlear
$325
Fritz IUinar to Meta Illing, lot on 8 line ot
I, iitreet 32:* E of Eleventh avenue, B 37:8 by;
S 100; gift.
Hannah P. and Henry B. Sheldon to Mrs.
C. Sheldon Smith, undivided four-flfteentha of
a one-eighth interest commencing on shore ot
Pacific Ocean at SW corner Seal Rock Rancho.
N 123 chains. E 152.50 chains, SW 60 chains.
SW 149.20 chains, containing 1200 acres, and
all-interest in Seal Rock Rancho. portion town
ship 2 south, range 6 west; $1000.
James H. Hall to Anna M. Hall. lot on N
line of Farallones street, 250 W of Plymouth.
W 50 by N 125, being a portion of lot 7. bloclc
M. Railroad Homestead Association; gift.
Henry and Annie Koopman to Niels A. and
Bertha S. C. Andresen. lots 51 and 56, Gift Map
I; $1000.
Edward -C. Barro-ws to San Francisco Brick
Company, lot 27, block 11, Flint Tract Home
stead: $2000. ' ;i
Robert E. and Eliza E. Dickinson to Alex
ander M. Selinger. lot on SW corner of Point
Lobos avenue and Wood street, W 25 and 3
125: $3000. - " • f •• '
Esther and Seymour Attell to Frank J.
O'Rourke, lot en N line of Golden Gate avenue,
109 E of Van Ness avenue, E 25 by N 120;
$10 COO. ¦' '"- ''•'
Frank W. and Ada. M. Skalfe (Bragg) to
Annie I* O'Brien, lot on N line of Sutter
street, 222:6 W of Franklin, W 27:S by N 120;
$11,500.
James E. Putnam to F. I*. Putnam, lot on
S line of Fulton street. 23:3 E of Octavta. E
25 by S 87:6- also lot on S corner of Steven
son and Brady streets. SW 50:6 by SE 64; $5C0O.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Frank H.
Foote lot on W line of Flllmore street. 137:9
N of Green. N 23 by W 118:9: $10.
BEAIi ESTATE TEA1TSAOTIONS.
MONDAY, April 1—1 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bid.Aak-
Alpha 05 C6'justlce 03 04
Alta 08 03IKentuck 01 03
Andes 06 07|Lady Wash ... Cl 02
Belcher 09 10 Mexican 32 33
Best & Belcher 20 22 Occidental C5 07
Bullion PI Oi Ophir 72 73
Caledonia 75 7.S Overman 14 13
Challengs Con. 17 ID Potosl 14 15
Chollar 14 lfi Bavags 11 13
Confidence 72 75|Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..J 05 2 10 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Imperial... — 02 'Sierra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York. — 01 ? SiIver Hill 41 43
Crown Point... 12 1» St Louis 08 —
Eureka Con.... 0« —Standard 4 15 4 30
Exchequer 01-02 Syndicate — 0«
Gould & Curry 13 14 Union Coa Is 1J
Hale & Norc... 13 14 Utah 04 05
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. IS IT
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
500 Alpha Con Oi 4COOphir- 70
200 Best & Belcher 2U 200 Ophlr 73
9C0 Best & Belcher 2) 2C0 Overman is
luOO Best & Belcher 2i 1HO Iherinan H
200 Chollar 15 200 Savage 13
12C0 Con Cal & Va..2 t)i 300 Savage 10
300 Con Cal & V.2 62V 3 SCO Sierra Nevada. S3
330 Con. Cal & V.2 071^ 7(X) Sierra Nevada. 33
SCO Mexican S2 100 Union Con 2u
2C0 Mexican SI 400 Union Con 1»
5C0 Mexican 34 10O Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Belcher (0 COO Gould & Curry H
300 Best & Belcher 22j SCO Ophir 72
4CO Best & Belcher 21 ! 300 Sierra Nevada. 33
ICO Con Cal & Va..I 051 700 Yellow Jacket.. K
1C0 Con Cal & V.3 07^100") Yellow Jacket.. W
3C0 Crown Point... 13i
Flour, qr sks...'. i:,793|Shorts, sks 70
Wheat, ctls .... 3.510 Hops, bales UJ
Barley, ctls 11.43o!sugar. ctls 4.623
Oats, East, ctls. 1.C0O Tallow, ctls ..... 2.W
Corn.tctls 400 Wool, bales 53
Potatftes. sks ... 4,011 Quicksilver, flsks 135
Onions, sks 171 Lime, bbls 4&3
Bran, sks 1,25.-. Pelts, bdls ' 454
Middlings., sks... 310 Hides No 513
Hay. tons 7*7 Leather, rolls ... 260
Straw, tons _¦. 92 Wine, gals 27.8CO
, OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6.749 Onions, sks 110
Potatoes, sks 3.827 Middlings, sks .. 500
FOR MONDAY, APRIL L
Receipts, of Produce.
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks:
Pennsylvania ¦ Anthracite - Egg. $14 : Ca n n e I, $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
eacks; Rocky: Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per
20C0 pounds and 53 50 per ton. - according to
brand. .
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, «.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.ECc: Macnolia A. 5.15c: Extra C.
B.05c; Golden C. 4.95c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 60c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, fi.30c; boxes. 6.55c per lb.
* COAI>-Welllngton.' $3 per. ton; Southfield Wel
lington, 59 ; Seattle, $7; , Bryant, V. '. Coos Bay,
?5 V: : . W&Hsend, $3; Co-operative Wallsend, J3;
BAG?— San Quentin Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain - Bags, June and July. . 7c: spot, 6T»@7c;
local -. make, ' : -He .less , than • Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 30@34c : Fleece Twine. : 7%'g$c. . •
General Merchandise.
1 PORK — Live, Hogs. ISO lbs .and under. 6?4c:
183 to 225 lbs, 6H@6Vic; 223 and over, 6@6'ic
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, SVs&skc. '
Hogs are very firm at the advance noted at
the close of the' week. :
' BEEf- 7&Sc lor. Steers and 6@7Vic per lb for
COWS. *'-.-.
• VEAL — Large. -7®Sc: small. 9c per lb. . ..
'MUTTON— Wethers, Sfi9c; Ewes, 7&£S!$e per
pound.- . ,. ".."¦¦"•
; LAMR— Sprinp.-10@ll<* pt pound. . •
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9Hc; medium. %>&c; llKht, Sc.' Cow
Hides, 8«4c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
Cc; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 8c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 13V4c: Culls. : 13c; Dry Kip, 15c:
Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and Brands. 12@13c; Sheep,
skins, shearlings. 15S25C each: short Wool, 30@
40c each ; medium, 50@63c ; long Wool, 75c@.$l
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large and $2@
2 25 for medium. $101 23 lor small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25
for medium. *1 for small and 50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; wlntfer orthin skins. 20c. Goatskins,
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 5Cc;
medium. 35c. * .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V4c per lb; No. 2,
3^® 4c; grease. 2@2V4c. : .: ,.
WOOL-tSpring, 1900— Humbcldt and Mendo
clno,'15@16c per lb;- Northern, free, 12@13c; de
fective, 8@llc: Middle County, free. l0@llc; do,
defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 . months. 8@9c;
Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c: do, defective.
7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon. Eastern,
choice. 12@Mc; do, fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada.
10012c. ?all — Humboldt and Mendocino. 11JJ
12c;. Middle County and* Northern, 8@9c; :£ati
Joaquin, • 6#7c. -. - '-• - - --
HOPS— lagCOc per lb. ¦
San Francisco' Meat Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy,; 12%@13c for light medium, 13^c for
light, 14c for extra light and \a\' 2 c for, sugar
cured; Eastern 1 sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 SO; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear, $22; Mess. $.18; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces '¦ quoted at Cfic Pf>r Ih for
compound and lO^c for pure: half-barrels,
pure. 10»ic: 10-lb tins. HUc; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One ¦ half-barrel, S%c; three
half-barrels. S^c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hobs.
¦ Hams, Bacon and Lard are very firm at th*e
advance noted on Saturday. Stocks are light
everywhere, both East and Westr _ ',.
Provisions.
- NUTS— Chestnuts. S@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, "No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
I hardshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 12@lSc
for paper-shell, 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12c: 'Filberts,
13c; Pecans. 'lSSUac: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. «
HONEY— Comb. 13^0140 for bright and 12V4
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
714c; light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6@
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7c for Royals and 8Vi@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 3>2®5c;
eun-drlcd, 1%®2%c; Peaches, 3@3%c for stand
ard, 4@4^sc for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 4@5c; unpltted, l@
114c; Nectarines, 5@5V4c for red and 5*6@6c for
* PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c; 30-403, 7c;
40-50s, 6V*c; 50-603, 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs. 2%c; 100- 120s. l»£c; rubies,
*ic -premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaquins
V4c less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same. ¦ • •
RAISINSr-The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the" following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, He;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10Uc per lb;
choice. 9>>c; standard, ¦ 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Uc; 4-crown, 7c;. 3-crown, 6^c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown. 5Uc,
and 4-crown, B'yAc; seeded (Fresno, prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. 6',4c; choice, ,16
ounce, 6%c; 12-ounce, BVic; - London Layers,
2-crown, |1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, ?2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. ' b. at common shipping points in
California. ¦ ¦ •
The situation remains precisely as before.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS..
STRAWBERRIES— 75c@$l per drawer for
Longworths and 40@50o for ! Molindos. . . ¦
A1 J F1«ES — 50@75c per box for common and $1
@1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 50c@Jl 75;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25*; Lemons,
50c!g$l for common and $1 25® 2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$6 50<&'7; Bananas, ?1 75@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, 75c@$2 per dozen. :
The Orange market Is heavily stocked. Limes
are weak, and additional supplies are expect
ed to-day. Lemons continue plentiful and
Bananas are now scarce and higher prices
are being obtained.
Strawberries show no particular change.
Twelve cars of Oranges were cold at auction.
The fruit -was fine and In good condition and
good prices were realized, considering the
state 1 of the market,.- as follows: Fancy
Navels, 90c@$l 70: choice do, 60c@$l 30; stand
ard do, 60@»5c; Lemons, 90c@$l.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy, — — ; standard,
; Eastern fancy, — ; standard, ; sec
onds, . '
EGGS— ¦¦¦•¦¦ -
California Ranch— Selected White, 14c;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen. !
California . Gathered— Selected, 13c; stand
ard, 12140; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy. ; standard, ;
seconds, . ' .
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, .- full cream,' 9c: choice,
Sc; common,' nominal; Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V&c per lb..
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras,. 14c;. firsts, 13c; seconds, ;
store, • lie. ¦ , .
Storage— Creamery extras. ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; -dairy extras. . •
Pickle, per pound.
Receipts, of Butter'; were 'the heaviest thus
far this year* and : dealers reported ! continued
accumulation of stocks, with a weak market.
Cheese ruled steady. . :"'.'¦ ¦
Eggs are scarce on the spot, owing to the
heavy demand "for cold storage 'and the usual
extra. Inquiry for Easter, and the Dairy Ex
change quotes a small advance.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 116,500 pounds and 187 tubs of Butter,
1834 cases Eggs, 14,900 pounds California Cheese
and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER^ ¦• ¦ . ¦¦•
Poultry and Game.
Two cars '. of Eastern came in and. sold as
follows: Hens, $S 50@7; old Roosters, $3; young
do, $7@7 50; ?small Broilers. $4 50; Pigeons,
$160; old : Ducks, $6; young do, J10; Geese,
$1 75; Hen Turkeys, ' 14c ; Gobblers, 10c.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@12c lor . Gob
blers and 12©13o for Hens: Geese. " per pair.
U 75@2;' Goslings, $2 50@2 75; Ducks, *5 50@6 60
for old. and' $8<g9 for young; Hens, $4 60@6;
young Roosters, $7@8; old- Roosters, $4 -50@5;
Fryers. $6@6 50; Broilers, ?5@5 50 for large and
$2 E0@4 for smaH; Pigeons, $2 per dozen for old
and $2 50^2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Gesse, $3; White Geese, $1;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large; Enellsh
Snipe, $3@3 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Hare, $1@1 23;
Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontail and 75c&*l lor
Brush. -, .' ...
t Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
i VEGETABLES-Rhubarb. S5c@$l 50 per box:
Asparagus. $2 23@3 for fancy, Jl 75®2 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 50 for No. 2: Green Peas,
2%@3',4c for Bay; String Beans, 6@10c: Cab
bage, 65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, ?l@150 per
crate; from Mexico, $1@1 00 per crate; Eeg
Plant. Los Angeles,. 15c per lb: Green Peppers.
Los Angeles, 12%@25c per lb for Chile and loc
for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 25c
per lb; Carrots, K@35c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 75ciS$l 50 per dozen; Summer
Squash, %l 25@1 50 per box; Garlic, 4®6c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20®30 per ton; Mush
rooms, 15@20c per lb. . ' . . *
' Oregon Burbanks ¦ are doing better. • as ex
pected. Early Rose- are weaker. Other Pota
toes ; remain about the same. Two cars of
Sweets sold at the quotations. Onions show
no particular change.
Arrivals of Asparagus were larger again ana
prices were lower. . Rhubarb ' was also weaker.
Garlic was scarcer and higher. The other
Vegetables showed little change.
Receipts were 1171 boxes Asparagus. 253
hexes Rhubarb. S68 sacks Bay Peas .and 121
sacks New Potatoes. . ¦'
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65@S5c; Burbanks.
;C(pOc-for River and 6Cc@?l for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon. 80c@$l: Sweets 60@6oc
fcr Merced; New Potatoes, l@2Uc per lb.
ONIONS— $2(g2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions. .ac@
$150 per sack; Australians, ?3 50@4; Green
Oninns. 25!S40c r>er box. >¦--."
RcJ, ?3@3 2S; BlacXeye, $3@3 25: Llmas, $6®6 15;
Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, ?4@4 50 per ctl. ¦ .-
SEEDS— Brown ' Mustard, > nominal ; ' Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3: Canary. 3^0
3%o for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9V4c for Utah; Rape. 2@2%c; Hemp.
3tfc; Timothy, 6%c. . ', -, ¦ (L_
' DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green. $2 70©
3 per 'ctl;. Blackeye, nominal, j
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
THE SAl^FKAtf CISCO CAJuL, TUESDAY; APRIL 2, 1901.
market ' was quiet ; . creameries, 15®20%c: | dair
ies. ll@lSc. -Cheese, firm, Hfcc." ; Eggs, active;
fresh.-. 12%c." '.'.;. . - ",
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
STOCK MARKET.
PARIS.
8
ST.'
A
IC
oxs.
I Last | This I
,"1 Uoursj Season. |
I Last
I Season.
nun
ne-d
Kacr
San
Inde
San
I>os
Han
¦e
l
r:
F
ebm
BJ
-a-n-
l'r;
-it)
•pon
I.u
An
Hi.
Iu
If
ra
no
:it
ng
ICI
uff
¦nt
ini
gr
CO
0.00 41.81
0.00 22.17
0.00 17.18
0.00 18. St
... 0.00 10.23
O.OO 5.80
O.Ot) 27.62
... .0.00 J4.ll
0.00 10.51
43.67
19.27
15.5S
17.10
7.03
2.S1
34. 88
5.56
3. IS
>na<
11
>ng*
ST.'
A
IC
oxs.
I Last | This I
,"1 Uoursj Season. |
I Last
I Season.
nun
ne-d
Kacr
San
Inde
San
I>os
Han
¦e
l
r:
F
ebm
BJ
-a-n-
l'r;
-it)
•pon
I.u
An
Hi.
Iu
If
ra
no
:it
ng
ICI
uff
¦nt
ini
gr
CO
0.00 41.81
0.00 22.17
0.00 17.18
0.00 18. St
... 0.00 10.23
O.OO 5.80
O.Ot) 27.62
... .0.00 J4.ll
0.00 10.51
43.67
19.27
15.5S
17.10
7.03
2.S1
34. 88
5.56
3. IS
>na<
11
>ng*
Room 118 Phsian Building,
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAI^
INVESTMENTS-LOANS.
¦ • —
Gilt edce bonds, bearing 5 per cent interest,
for -ule.
Also dividend paying stocks in industrial cor-
porations. /
West Coast Investment Co ,
£* AT AUCTION. 5^
THURSDAT, April 4. cor. 10th and Bryant. I
will sell 21 Gentle Draft and 'Business
Horses, also a Fine Saddle Horse and 7 Busi-
ness Buggies. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESA FEW OF THE UNSOPHISTICATED AND UNWARY WHO WERE MADE VICTIMS OF PRACTICAL JOKERS ON
ALL FOOLS' DAT AND THE METHODS USED TO ACCOMPLISH THEIR UNDOING AND FURNISH AMUSE
MENT FOR THE GAPING SPECTATORS. . '
COLORED girl to look after four-year-old
St. Sure Club Bally.
ALAMEDA; April . 1.—On Thursday
The nrofits of Yale's football team last
year exceeded $22,000. The annual profits
of a good many college graduates put to
gether wouldn't equal that.
OAKLAND, April 1.— With her clothing
all aflame Elsie, the 5-year-old child o.f
Mr. and Mrs. Powell of Fruitville. stood
on the front porch of her parents^_home
this morning. She was too frightened to
scream and would have perished had not
her mother detected the odor of burnirjj
clothing.
The mother ran to the child with a
blanket,' which she. had grabbed f rom . a
bed. and wrapped her In it. The flames
were soon smothered, though not before
the arms and body . had been severely
burned. i
Klames from matches with which - she
was -playing communicated to the child's
clothing. She stepped on one, which set
fii*e to a whole bunch. • .
Elsie Powell "Would Have Perished
but for Detection of Odor of
Burning Cloth.
LIGHTED MATCHES SET
CHILD'S CLOTHES AFIRE
A conference committee to consult with
the , Council regarding ways and means
of keeping the High Schools open was ap
pointed to report at the special, meeting
Thursday night. It is composed of G. T.
Randolph." chairman;" F. L. Button and
Giles H. Gray. , : ¦:. . . , - ;-.
¦ board took up the consideration of
fin. 3 and a special meeting was called
for Thursday night to attempt a solution
of the problem of funds for the remainder
of the school year. The new members
were Informed that the deficit in the
school fund had compelled the Council,
as. a temporary expedient, to appropriate
during the last week of Its existence an
emergency fund of $4113 to run the High,
Schools until the new board and the new
Council should take office, and that there
fore the board goes into office face to face
with a pressing need of money. It was
explained that unless the money could be
raised by the end of the week the High
Schools could not be kept open.
The estimated expense of running them
to the end of the school #year is about
$15,000.
Director Giles H. Gray addressed the
board on the financial crisis. "We must
¦be ready by Friday," he said, "to tell. the
High School principals whether they are
to shut up the schools or not. I under
stand that the new Council is disposed to
take measures to afford us relief, but they
are just now laboring under considerable
excitement and are not in a position to
calmly consider the school situation. As
soon as they are sure of their seats they
will be ready, no doubt, to propose a
remedy. ¦ ¦•¦ . • ¦ .-.
"I would suggest the following solution
for the problem: There is a deficit in the
city treasury of $38,000. Now let the city
refuse to pay its water bills, amounting
to $33,000. until a judgment is rendered in
the water-rate suit; then let the salaries
of the statutory officers also run over into
the next fiscal year. That .will leave a
balance in .the treasury amply large for
our needs. " This expedient will give the
new city government time to devise meas
ures of permanent relief.; 1
The new Board of Education met to
night and organized by electing C. H.
B i- rton president. J< W. McClymonds
v lanimously re-elected Superinten
o. L of Schools.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 1.
Must Take Prompt Measures
to Avoid Closing High
Schools.
DIRECTORS FACE
AN EMERGENCY
Judge Ogden took the case under ad
visement for two weeks and the attorneys
agreed to submit it en Briefs.
"Mrs. Wakefield had on a life preserver
and the body was warm. Fifteen minutes
sooner and her life might have been
saved. I reached the cccne of the wreck
at about half past eight. Steaming about
among the wreckage and floating bodies
of dead Chinese we came across the bodv
of a white woman scantily clothed, ana
floating face downward." It was the
corpse afterward identified as that of
Mrs. Wakefield. When we took it from
the water it was so warm that we imme
diately went to work applying restora
tives. After working for some time we
gave* it up. Fifteen minutes before, I
think, she must have been alive. When
we saw that she was pa&t help we laid the
body on the deck and covered it with tho
United States flag. When found, Mn.
Wakefleld had a life-preserver about her
neck."
delicate white women and • children in
their mad struggle for life.
The witness said he saw the Wakenelds,
mother and daughter, clinging together at
the vessel's rail as she went down. Gusen
blodt himself was earned down by the
suction far below the surface. He was
bruised and cut by tne wreckage, bat
clung to a spar until picked up by a fish
erman. He did not see either Mrs. Wake
field or her daughter after- the Rio sank.
To offset the evidence Introduced by tla
petitioners for letters of administration
upon tlie daughter's estate, the Public Ad
ministrator, who seeks to prove that Mrs.
Wakefleld survived her daughter, intro
duced the testimony of the captain of tho
tug which found the mother's body, as
proof that Mrs. Wak^field lived for houra
after the steamer was wrecked.
At the hearing of the case last week
several of Miss Waketield's friends tesli
iied that she was an expert swimmer, and
on this ground Judge Ogcen was asked, to
render a decision declaring that the young
lady was the survivor. '*- •-,
According to the testimony of" Captain
David Shaw, who took Mrs. Wakeneld'a
body from the water, it would appear that
the contrary was the case. Captain Shaw
said:
Widow Is Given Judgment
A decision was rendered yesterday
afternoon by Judge Hunt, by the terms
of which Annie Courtois, widow of the
late G. M. V. Courtois, was given judg
ment against the Ancient Order of United
Worklngmen for $2000, the face value pf
a policy on the life of the deceased. The
order did not dispute the fact that the
sum named was due on the policy, but
asked the court to decide to whom the
sum should be paid, on the gTound that a
claim to the same .was filed by Emile
Courtois, a former wife of the deceased,
and from . whom he had been divorced.
Emile Courtois was named in the policy
as the beneficiary, but the court held that
upon the issuance of the decree of divorce
she lost all claim upon the policy issued
to her former husband, the deceased. .
Matron for County Jail.
OAKLAND, April 1.— Under the act
passed by the last Legislature creating
the office of Matron for County Jails, the
Supervisors this morning appointed Mrs.
George Taylor, wife , of the jailer, to the
position in the Alameda County Jail.
When Mr. Browne arrived at his place
of business in the morning he had to make
a football rush to get inside. He was not
given time to remove his top coat when
word passed along the waiting line and a
colored woman, who had to enter the store
sideways, sided up to Browne and offered
her services. Before the noon hour
Browne thought he was in a trance. Hav
ing dispatched the army of workers, he
left word that he was out, but it availed
him not. Tramps, Japanese house clean
ers, stenographers and clerks visited him
in numbers. : Undertakers, physicians,
harness makers, pnotographers and em
ployment agents cal! r d and kept the tele
phone busy . Inquiring for work, about
his health, about funeral arrangements,
etc. Browne places the blame oh Pho
tographer T. P. Andrews and he swears
to have his scalp at their first meeting.
Crandall Did Not Advertise.
The following advertisements which ap
peared in the morning papers brought lit
tle joy to W. G. Crandall of the Long
Syrup Company:
XOUN6 lady stenographer: beginner preferred;
salary $15 to start. W. G. CRANDAL.L.,
bong Syrup Co., Eighth and Brannan sts.
sma.il boy and the grown man,
1 1 the shy girl and the staid old maid
1 1 threw dignity to the winds yes-
JJL terday and entered into the spirit
of All Fools' day with a vengeance.
Practical jokes that were deemed . 111
timpd by those who were made their tar
pets were played with an abandon that
was actually shocking. Old tricks that
have been played In years gone by were
resurrected for the occasion and the Jok
ors and those who were exempt, laughed
as heartily as of yore. .- .--
The lady who stopped to pick «p a purse
that lay enticingly in her path dropped
it like a hot potato when her delicate ears
were assailed with a boisterous "r-u-b
b-e-r!7 The business man who was
greeted by a Chinese physician, who called
to advise him how to cure lumbago, could
not see the joke. The man who stubbed
his toe against a cobblestone that reposed
inside a silk hat aJso failed to laugh and
the pretty maid who partook of a choco
late cream and found it was made of soap
did not appreciate the trick.
Wanted a Iiift.
On Sansome and Commercial streets a
Fmall boy with an angelic countenance
had leads of fun with passersby. ¦ He
placed a sack over a hydrant and with
an innocent expression on his face wouM
appeal to hurrying business men to give
him a lift. In a majority of instances the
appeal would not so unheeded. "With a
"certainly, my boy," the pedestrian would
pause and with a superhuman effort try
10 raise the hydrant out of the sidewalk.
The "ha ha" that greeted the attempt
penerally irformed him that he had been
TELLS WILD TALE
OF THE DISASTER
Tragic Fate of Women in
the Mad Struggle When
the Rio Sank.
Oakland Office S&n Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav, April L
Sensatlor^I testimony relative to the
tragic fate of women passengers on the
ill-fated steamer Rio de Janeiro was given
at to-day's' hearing of the contest for
letters of administration in the estate of
Mrs. G. H. Wakefleld and her daughter
Naomi, who perished in the wreck.
Philip Gusenblodt, who was one of the
rescued, testified that he was on the
steamer's deck when she went down. He
described the wild scene that took place
in the weird lignt of the dawn when the
horde of frenzied Chinamen rushed up
from the steerage and knocked overboard
An April fool jinks was given in the
jinksroom of the Press Club last evening.
It embraced many novel features In a va
ried programme of some length. In addi
tion to numbers from some of our best
local talent there were representatives
from the theaters. Frankfurters, sand
wiches and pipes were popular adjuncts
to the evening. Miss Virginia Calhoun of
the Central Theater took three characters
in a little sketch entitled "In Love Chase,"
v/hich served as a. pleasing vehicle for her
versatility. Arthur Cunningham, the new
barytone-elect of the Tivoli, sang "Queen
of the Earth" and "When Dull Care" in
fine style. J" .3. Charles Dickman sang
three numbers with even more than her
usual taste and feeling. Paul Egry in a
violin solo, Callahan and Mack from the.
Orpheum, our own really funny man, Billy
Hlnes; the clever local magician, J. War
ren King; Tom Guise. George King, Oscar
Franks, Hamilton Hill, from the Or
pheum, and William McDonald, the big
voiced blacksmith, of Redwood City, com
pleted the programme.
April Fool Jinks at Press Club.
Some of. the victims took the jokes at
their expense good naturodly and others
were angry, but the majority were ex
tremely glad that All Fools' day lasted
but twenty-four hours.
The Morgue officials were as usual kept
busy informing inquirer that Main 1947
was 'the Morgue and not the home, of a
charming lady or a gentleman. One man
held an overcoat in the courtyard of the
Palace Hotel three hours unmindful of
the smiles and questions as to whom he
.was. waiting for.. -. . ¦
"sold." The commission merchants in the
vicinity nearly went into hysterics watch
ing citizens aiding the innocent y little
rcgue.
Thomas H. Browne of the William Cluff
Company Is not a believer in jokes. ' His
life was made miserable yesterday try
ing to assure scores of wage earners that
he had not inserted the following adver
tisement In The Call: .,
COLORED girl for housework and plain cook-
Ing; small Hat; two in family; wages {30. T.
BROWNE. 20 Front St.
child: sleep home; wages $30. W.
CRANDALL, Long- Syrup Co., Eighth ai
Brannan sts. . v -
ALL FOOLS' DAY DEVELOPS A NEW
BUNCH OF PRACTICAL JOKERS
Scores of Citizens T.ry to Lift a Water Hydrant Out of
Its Resting Place, Others Stub Their Toes Against a
Brick in a Hat~-Browne Does Not Want a Colored Maid
"Shame," said the, committee, "upon a
dastard who would malign the mothers
of that day." In another sentence he was
denounced for "a subterfuge when con
fronted." Anon he was styled a dilet
tante preacher and- his remarks were de
scribed as a "Pharisaical diatribe."
Dr. Cleveland and Messrs. Paul and
Cheever also spoke in censure of Mr.
A committee, on motion of Major Sher
man, was authorized to consider a book,
entitled "The Transitory Period of Cali
fornia." If the Pioneers indorsed that
work, Major Sherman said, the Sloat
monument committee would refuse to ac
cept the stone donatetf by the Pioneers for
the Sloat monument. •.
Dr. Simpson presided. "* ¦¦¦¦-•?• ¦¦¦¦-¦
Some space was given to censure' of the
utterances at various past times of Rev.
J Q. A. Henry, Rev. Dr. Dille, Rev.
Dr. Horatio Stebbins, and a Tulare
preacher, whose name was not mentioned,
who once said that "it would be a good
thing if the pioneers were all dead." Rev>
Dr. Day also came in for notice, but the
person who was most severely censured
was Rev. Mr. Bayley.
The Rev. Dr. Willey was inclined not
to be severe with the Rev. Mr. Bayley,
but the committee denounced the state
ments of the last named, and other
pioneers held him up to scorn for defam
ing the dead pioneer women.
The committee spoke of "calumnies in
regard to pioneer days arid pioneer men
and women, which of late years have
emanated from the California pulpit."
The committee did not wish to be under
stood as arraigning the clergy of Califor
nia as a whole in criticism, but, "like all
professions in life, the clergy here, as
elsewhere, counts in its flocks a certain
percentage of black sheep, who, by 'way
of contrast with the whiteness of the
multitude around them, become unpleas
antly conspicuous as individual units in
the . profession which they neither honor
nor adorn." • - ..¦¦'-
White-haired men of the days of '49, the
members of the Society, of California
Pioneers, met last evening, to .defend the
memory of the women of the early days
of California, who were recently made
the subject of denunciation by the Rev.
Mr. Bayley of Oakland. There was a
touch of pathos in. the proceedings, due
to the sorrowful comment. of several of
the veterans that most of the women of
the pioneer period are dead. The subject
was introduced by the. historical commit
tee in a long report, in which others, who
have spoken in terms of condemnation of
the pioneers, were denounced, in turn.
This committee consisted of S. W. Hol
laday, Willard B. Farwell, Dr. Charles D.
Cleveland, Almarin B.Paul and Edward
E. Cheever. When their scathing report
had been read and the society had voted
to have it published entire as a pamphlet,
for general circulation, several pioneers
fcpoke.
Foremost among those to make remarks
was the Rev. Dr. Willey, who was chap
lain of the first constitutional convention
< ;f California at Monterey, at which place
ne arrived in 1849. He came to San Fran
cisco in 1850, and traveled all over the
State in early days. His tribute to the
women of California was warm.' "They
were a glory to womanhood itself," he de
clared, while other pioneers applauded.
"They were self-denying, brave home
makers. They did not complain. They
were true to their husbands. They were
founders of churches, schools and other
institutions. Many were highly educated
and came from the most I refined society
In the East. Their lives enriched their
generation. . The bad women were few
and were not an element in pioneer days."
Rev. Mr. Bayley of . Oakland Made
Subject of Special Censure Be- ._¦¦
|||||jf cause of Reoent Be-
Pioneers Score Preachers
Who Have Disparaged
the '49ers. '
WOMEN OF EARLY
DAYS DEFENDED
As a field marshal of- England, Wilhelm
will be more warlike than ever. ¦ ' ¦
¦¦ OAKLAND,: April. 1.— The - 'Merchants'
Exchange:will hold a meeting to-morrow
night . for "the especial purpose of arrang
ing, for a Fourth- of. July celebration for
Oakland. -The report .of a' Fourth of July
committee • will be', received.' ' Theodore
Gier, H. . D. Cushing,- F: L. Rea, R." M.
Braire and'D.C' Brown are the commit
tee. ¦ ¦¦' ¦ '-.. ".-¦/ *' '•;-- "- ' .* ' • :.. >' . " :->
Oakland May Celebrate.
OAKLAND, April 1.— Jerome B.- Fisher
of New Jersey/ gran'd exalted ruler of the
order of Elks^.' paid Oakland Lodge of
Elks an official visit this evening.. There
was a. large number, of visiting Elks pres
ent.* • -• .¦> ' " : " ¦ • : '¦ ' " •
Elks' Grand Exaltsd Buler .Visits.
¦OAKLAND, April ' 1.— The "Fourth
Nine" of St. 'Mary's College are anxious
to hear from | any team .whose .'members
are under 14 years . of ' age. -They :,would
like to play the "Imperial* Cocoas," re
cently.: defeated " by ' the college "Third
Nine", by a score of 19 to 4. * They line up
as: follows: -W..Barnett, pitcher; C. Car
rere, catcher; :B. McMenamin. first base;
P. Phillips, second base;-W. Geary, third
base; R. Henno: shortstop; E. Burns, left
field;; J. Domergue, center field;; A.' . Gon
dolfo. right field.' A challenge addressed
to W. Barnett,- 1 : captain . Fourth Nine, at
St. Mary's College, will receive a prompt
reply.' . - ; . -
Young Athletes Seek Games.
: OAKLAND, -April 1.— The cooks and
waiters , organized > yesterday and will be
come a part of the Federated . Trades.
Officers were -chosen as follows for tha
first ; term: George Morehead. president;
J. Brunson, vice president; Harry Crom
well, secretary; N. Englebrett, treasurer.
Cooks'and Waiters Unite.
OAKLAND, April 1.— The Athenian Club
has accepted plans for a new two-story
club building, to be built at the corner of
Fourteenth and Franklin streets. • For the
coming annual election the election com
mittee ; has nominated the following of
ficers:'; President,' John A..Britton; vice
president, Dr. Andrew, Fine;. directors, E
L. Bray ton, G. L.*v Belcher and C. - H
Yates. ... ¦-. ¦'.'¦¦..:.¦¦ : -¦¦ - t ¦¦ •
Athenian Club* Accepts Plans.
OAKLAND, April 1.— Mrs. Lavinla C.
Phelps. widow of the late James C.
Phelps, died in her sleep 1 last night at the
homo of her son, 666 East Twenty-fifth
street. She was found dead in hed by her
daughter-in-law. Heart ' failure was the
cause of death.- Deceased was a native of
Connecticut, 7S years of age. . . -. ; .
Dies While She Sleeps.
OAKLAND, April : 1.— Former v Mayor
Snow has -accepted j the invitation of
Mayor Barstow, and other prominent citi
zens to take charge of the arrangements
for the reception to President McKinley
at Oakland during his forthcoming trip to
California.. The retired Mayor had com
menced work on the plans before his term
expired, and his consent to continue the
handling \ of the affair has greatly grati
fied those who are desirous there shall
be no mistakes in the programme. ¦
To Arrange McKinley Reception.
ALAMEDA, "April 1."— Miss Kate M.
Hackett and James Delvecchlo. both or
this city, were married in San Rafael by
a Justice of the Peace on March 4. The
couple are now living in Park Row. The
wedding was kept secret, from all but a
few intimate friends of the bride and
groom. Mrs. Delvecchio Is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. M. Hackett pt Santa
Clara avenue and Bay street.
Secret Marriage Out
OAKLAND, April 1.— On the request of
James A. Johnson, the new City
the hearing of the water company's,mo
tion before Judge Morrow for a per
manent injunction .rest rainging the City
Council from fixing rates on a valuation
of less than $7,500,000 was continued to-day
for one week. - "•j_ > -. : - ."
Mr. Johnson stated that he had not yet
had time to familiarize himself with the
case and desired, a week in which jto do
so. Attorney McCutchen, for the com
pany, stated that he had not yet decided
whether to press the proceedings against
the new Council. / '
Injunction Proceedings Continued.
! BERKELEY, April 1.— J. B. Lipplncott
of Los Angeles, who is an agent of the
division of hydrography of the United
States Geological Survey, will lecture to
morrow afternoon at 3:45 o'clock Jn room
18 of the mining and civil engineering
building on "The ; Measurement of
Water." The lecture will be illustrated
by stereoptlcon views. Mr. Lipplncott Is
to deliver a second lecture' on , Thursday
at the same time and place on "Natural
Opportunities in California for the
Storage of Water, as Discovered by In
vestigations of the United States
Geological Survey."
Engineering Lectures.
OAKLAND, April 1— Two one-act- plays
will be given in Wendte Hall to-morrow
evening for the benefit of the organ fund
of the Unitarian church. One will be "A
Christmas Chime" and the other "The
Kleptomaniac." The casts' are as follows:
. "A CHRISTMAS CHIME."
Gladys Terrlll I........!. Miss Frances Irish
Dolly Wakelee Mrs. Benjamin J.. Smith
Joseph Terrlll Dr. F. L. M. Hus
Ted Owen Mr. Louis L. Bennison
Scene: A room in the Terrlll's country house,
/ Christmas Bve. .
Songs.. : Miss Eugenia Loy
"THE KLEPTOMANIAC."
Mrs. John Burton. ". Miss Frances Irish
Mrs. Valerie Armsby. a young widow.......
Mrs. Mabel Crouch Tickell
Miss Freda Dixon ....Miss Florence Hooper
Mrs Charles Dover, a bride. Miss Georgle Cope
Mrs. Preston Ashley, . a gossip. . . ... ..........
:....... Miss Martha Coffin
Miss Evelyn Evans, a journalist..;...........- —
..^.- .;.Mrs. Frank Wasley
Katie Mrs. Burton's maid.. Miss Vera Wasley
Scene: Mrs. Burton's boudoir.
Music Fund Benefit.
On April 22 military work will doss.
Competitive . company drill will be held,
the best company receiving, the colors for
tho following year. The day Is, one of
great rejoicing for the junior men, for
then they throw down their arras and are
free for the rest of their college life from
the much-despised "military." The final
drill will be commanded by Captain J. E.
Gustafson; acting as colonel, and by. Cap
tain J. Alexander, acting as lieutenant'
colonel. . BTW Hl'if WWiTrtLltg
BERKELEY, April 1.— The University
of California cadets will close their drill
this term by a number of parades, re
views and sham battles. The year's 'work
has been thorough and the men make an,
excellent . appearance ' on the ¦ parade
ground. .
Wednesday morning, commencing at
11:15 o'clock," there will be a sham battle
on the campus. Captain Glenn Allen will
command the attack and Captain "W. B.
Bakewell the defense. Regimental parade
and review will be held April 8. Captain
J. "W. S. Butler will be acting colonel and
Captain C. L." Carlson, acting lieutenant
colonel. On- April 10 regimental inspec
tion will take place. Captain Ralph Fish
er will be acting colonel and Captain \V.
"W. Bradley acting lieutenant colonel. A
review will ¦ be held on April 15 In honor
of the alumni officers, who will be pre
sent. On" .this occasion the acting colonel
will be Captain C. W. McConaughy, and
the ¦ acting lieutenant colonel Captain
Nathan Moran. The. second and closing
sham battle will take place April 17. The
attack will be commanded by Captain J.
O. Osborn and the defense by Captain S.
C. "Faneuf,
Series of Parades, Reviews
and inspections to Be
Held.
COLLEGE CADETS
IN SHAM BATTLE
night next a rally of the Judge St. Sure
Club will be held in Linderman Hall. The
club was organized to further the Inter
ests of Judge St. Sure in his race for City
Attorney, and has been doing excellent
work. There will be speechmaking, muiic
and a. general good time. .:
Some of the most important items are:
General office, J26. 140; bureau ' of buildings.
$3660.; City Hall mainU-riance. $28,012; City Hall
repairs, $11, -US; Hall of Justice repairs, $1800;
fuel and power for "public buildings, $13,69";
Fire Department repairs', : $16,340; ' Police ' De
partment repairs, $1873; School Department re
pairs, $33.S50: County J.-.ll repairs, $4823; repair
of sewers, $77,306; repairing accepted streets,
$65,305; corporation yard expenses, $12,120; hos
pitals, $10,400; improvement of county roads,
$17,000; sweeping and sprinkling streets, $215,
900; repair to bituminous rock pavement, $21.
560; salaries of officers and field assistants,
$25,0SO. Recapitulation, .bureau of streets, $522,
159.
Estimate of Expense for the Coming
; Year Provides Liberally for Pub
lic Improvements. ;-<-
The Board of Public Works has Issued
its estimate of the, amount of money
necessary to conduct its office during the
coming year. The budget, which is a =
voluminous affair, contains much Interest
ing material. The recapitulations are as
follows:
General office $28,140
Bureau of engineering —
Surveys and general work 78 050
Public utilities 25,000
Bureau of streets 522,159
Bureau of building-
Division of maintenance and repair....'.. 183.770
Division of architecture and inspection.. 13 00©
Bureau of light and -water 3,600
A liberal amount is set aside for per
manent improvements. It is apportioned
for expenditure as follows: :
Public buildings ..'. '.?... J58 284
Repaying accepted streets ................. 123,700
Paving Mission street,;, from Silver street
to Onondago avenue ..'...:.! ....
Kitting up rooms in City Hall assigned
by Supervisors , j.^-;
Work in front of city property 32,020
Block books of the city and county for
Assessor 10,000
Securing rlghts-of-way 14.000
Sewers and miscellaneous matters 64,740
Dewey boulevard, grading and-macad
amizing 111,000
Estimate of fees to be collected and
deposited in the city treasury during
the fiscal year 1901-2 — ¦ -..-"» .¦¦¦-
Street and lot surveys 13,000
Inspection of buildings 15,000
BUDGET IS PBEPABED BY
BOARD OP PUBLIC WORKS
Coal Oil Killed Off the Mosquitoes.
Winchester is the name of a town in
Virginia and it has been somewhat cele
brated in song and story, because one
Sheridan once rode around in that neigh
borhood, creating considerable commo
tion. It has lived on that reputation ever
since, but now it has been doing some
thing on its own account to secure fame.
Its people had read in the newspapers
that kerosene oil properly applied would
kill mosquitoes. They knew of their own
knowledge and experience what an ugly
thing a Virginia mosquito Is and how
viciously it bites. They had read, fur
thermore, in the newspapers that mos
quitoes carry malaria, and other diseases
and that, altogether, they aro very* ob
jectionable insects. Accordingly the Town
Council took the matter in hand and
passed an ordinance requiring the owners
of all ponds and pools anywhere in th©
neighborhood to pour crude petroleum on
the waters. It went further ac<l required
• every householder to put tubs of water,
on the surface of which there was a good
ly supply of petroleum, under all the>
shrutbery. This experiment was made last
summer and it finished the mosquitoes. It
also finished the malaria and struck a
death blow at the quinine business." So
successful were they last year that they
are going to do the same thing next
spring. Winchester's success la this di
rection should incite other mosquito in
fested places to rise up and da likewise.
The residents of New Jersey ia particu
lar should take note of the "Winchester
example and follow it right awmy quick.—
Utica Press.
Knights to Attend Services.
OAKLAND, April 1.— The Easter ser
vices in the Brooklyn Presbyterian church,
will be attended in a body by the Oak
land Knights Templar. It has been their
custom to do so for many yenrs.
The population of the five largest cities
of -Russia are: St. Petersburg, 1.267,000;
Moscow. 988,600; "Warsaw, 614.7JO; Odessa,
104,650; Lodz, 314,780.
Measure Designed to ' Pre
vent Abuse of Half-Fare
Privilege.
Funds Appropriated to Clean China
town — Transfer of the Site for
Normal School Building
is withdrawn-
Supervisor Braunhart introduced, at the
request of . the' street railway companies,
an ordinance to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday, designed to prevent and pun
ish frauds upon street railroads in con
nection with the "pupils* two and a half
cent' fare bill." The ordinance, which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee,
provides as follows:
Any person who Shall falsely represent him
self or herself to be thereunto entitled, and
any person entitled to the benefit of the re
duced rates of fare as provided in ordinance
221 who shall transfer to any other person not
so entitled any ticket or other evidence o£
his or her right to travel at the reduced rates
Of fare, shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor,' and upon conviction, shall be punished
by a fine not exceedingly one hundred dollars
<?100),.or by imprisonment in the County Jail
not exceeding flity (SC) days, j or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
The Sutter-street Railway Company and
the Sutrc road informed the board that
they would submit to the ordinance pro
viding for a two and a half cent fare for
pupils, but reserve the right to test the
constitutionality of : the ordinance.
Secretary Clayton of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railway Company notified
the board that while the board of direc
tors believed the two and a half cent
fare ordinance a clear evasion of the legal
rights of the company, it intends to adopt
regulations similar to the ordinance to
go into effect on April 15. The directors,
however, reserve the right to suspend
these regulations should they deem it
necessary, owing to abuse of the privilege
or other cause. In making this reserva
tion they intend to concede the privilege
In abroad spirit, with the sincerest in
tensions to' spare no effort to make it a
success. ; . . . . ." ......... ...
An expenditure of $6000 was authorized
out of the urgent necessity fund to place
Chinatown In a sanitary condition; also
$3000 for the extension of the Twenty
sixth-street Hospital.
The ordinance transferring a lot adjoin
ing the Girls' High School for use as a
site whereon to erect the San Francisco
State Normal School was- indefinitely
postponed. The passage of the ordinance
was contingent on the. adoption of a bill
by tho Legislature appropriating $100,000
for the building, which bill the Governor
vetoed.
The Mayor called the attention of the
board to the fact that it would be neces
sary to appropriate the sum of $111,000 to
complete the work of Improving Dewey
Boulevard, in accordance with the agree
ment with the Sutro estate. If the work
is not finished in March, 1902, the 100 feet
right of way will revert to the Sutro es
tate. The Street Committee was instruct
ed to investigate. • • .. ,
A resolution was passed directing the
City Attorney to assume charge of the
cases now pending in the Superior Court,
in which the city is suing to recover cer
tain moneys from the Pacific States Tele
phone Company for license taxes now de
linquent.
The ordinance defining the duties of the
Fire Marshal in connection with privil
eges granted for the storage and use of
crude oil or petroleum as fuel was passed
to print. " .
The ordinance regulating the mixing or
preparing of mortar or concrete In a moist
state upon streets paved with bitumen or
asphalt, or upon any improved sidewalk
was passed to print. • ¦¦¦
The Beard of Works was directed to re
pair the roadway of Jessie street between
First and Kcker.
The drawbridge at Fourth and Channel
streets v/as ordered closed between 7 a. m.
and 6 p. m. on May 18, the date of the
launching of the battleship Ohio.
Grand Jurors Recommend
Increase in License for
Street Cars.
Eureka Valley Residents Want Eight-
Boom Schoolliouse — Valley Road j
Is Granted Franchise on
Illinois Street.
» .
Grand Jurors Dunn and Badcer are or
the opinion that the existing license tax
on street cars is entirely too low. In a'
communication filed with the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday they request that the
ordinance imposing a license of $15 per an
num on each street railroad passenger car
be amended to read as follows:
All cars between 33 and 40 feet lone shall pay
a license of flOO per annum; 30 and 35 feet
long, J90 per annum; 25 and 30 feet long, ISO
per annum; 20 and 25 feet long, $70 per annum.
"Computing the above," the petition
says, "the daily charge upon said cars will
be approximately ,2TH, 24 2-3, 22 end 16'*
cents each. The original order applied to
horse cara and was enacted in 1S68. The
cars of the lines then. In evidence were of
small size, capable of carrying about
thirty passengers' each, while some of tha
cars now In operation can accommodate
four times that number. The license of
$15 per annum la grossly an under chargo
as compared with that imposed on hack
ney carriages and witu other vehicle li
censes."
The petition was referred to the License
Committee. , -
The City Attorney was requested to fur
nish an opinion whether the Tax Collect •
or may charge $3 per 100 names for com
piling the so-called military roll: also
whether his official salaiy is not a full
compensation for all services he may per
form in his official capacity.
The petition of the Eureka Valley prop
erty-owners and residents for the pur-
Chase of a site and the erection thereon of
an eight-class-room school building in
the vicinity of Eighteenth and Danvers
streets, was referred to the Finance Com
mittee.
The members of the Grand Jury, in a
written communication, lecommended tha
appointment of Jo Gordan aa an expert
accountant for the checking off and veri
fication of fees collected under the pres
ent system.
The ordinance authorizing the appoint
ment of fifteen additional police officers
was not passed on recommendation of tha
Police Committee.
The ordinance granting: a franchise to
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad on Illinois street, near Marin,
southerly to Kentucky- and Q streets
south, thence to Fifteenth avenue south.,
was finally passed.
The ordinance prohibiting the publica
tion of lottery lists was finally passed.
Rev. WVH. -RatclifT, \>astor of the Church
of the Advent, Hied a written protest
against the passage of the ordinance. In
his communication Dr. Katcliff says;
"I am opposed to such restrictive legis
lation, first, as against liberty; second, th»
impropriety of lotteries is doubtful — many
churches permit thorn in their bazaars:
third, if the law steps in. concealed meth
ods* would be adopted: fourth, the slow
but healthy growth of public opinion will
eventually stop all that is injurious; fifth,
the State's prime duty is to stop injustice,
robbery, holdings up, fraud, etc. It should
not fritter away Its time and strength on
minor matters till thld primary duty is
fully performed. Tha States's duty is to
protect men against others, not against
their own action."
SUPERVISORS AT LAST ADOPT
PHELAN'S WATER ORDINANCE
No Reductions Are Made in
the Rates Charged to
Consumers.
- •.:¦ : •-
¦Futile Effort to Raise Allowance for
Hydrant Service in Order to Se
cure Increased Fire Pro-
The Board jot Supervisors after^ numer
ous attempts finally passed the" 1 Phelan
water-rate ordinance yesterday. The or
dinance was immediately signed, by. the
Mayor and is now a. law. The measure
makes no reduction to consumers, -but re
duces the allowance paid for hydrant ser
vice from $222,000 to $80,000 Per year. The
specious promise" is held out by Phelan's
board that the difference of $142,000 will
be expended for public improvements.
When the ordinance was taken up Tobln
moved to amend that in lieu of a flat
rate of $80,000 per annum tor hydrants
$15,000 per month or $180,000 per annum be
allowed the company. Tobin asked the
representatives of the company If, the
sum. of $465,000 would be expended for new
mains if the $15,000 per month were al
lowed..* Attorney Kellogg replied that his
company would comply with the exaction
if its taxes were not greater than $196,000.
Kellogg said he would file a new agree
ment to that effect in place of the one
calling- for $18,500 per month.
Braunhart, who acted as spokesman for
the Mayor, opposed the amendment on tho
ground that it. would add $36,000 to the
revenue of the company. He contended
that the City Attorney ' had not advls^il
that the city could not compel the com
pany to lay new water mains.. He held
further that it. was illegal to enter into
any agreement requiring the company to
expend $465,000 for the laying of mains.'
Connor made a plea for the Phelan ordi
nance and said the rates had been based
on a fixed valuation of the Spring Valley
plant and the ordinance could not- bt>
amended without changing that valuation.
He thought it a poor excuse to raise the
revenue because Chief Sullivan had rec
ommended better fire protection.,
Fire Protection .Inadequate. ;
Reed argued that the 'city is in dire need
of fire protection and that was the only
justification for Tobin's amendment. Reed
held that it was a strong Indictment of
the company that it had not provided ade
quate fire protection, for the city. Brana
enstein said that the valuation of the
plant was a mere conjecture, according to
the City Engineer, and the board shoul.l
be generous in its allowances to the com
pany. ¦ Connor produced figures to show
that the city was not suffering for lack
of fire protection. ,. , ' • ,* - t l
McCarthy said that he had often wit
nessed engines with steam up standing
Idle - at hydrants because they . could not
get water therefrom. : . .
"Rather than pay $142,000 to the -water
company," said McCarthy, "for spending
$465,000, let the city itself expend the
money in putting in the new mains. I am
in sympathy with Supervisor Reed s ordi
nance, which gives the -company 5 : per
cent on a valuation of $20,000,000." .
"Not one citizen has come before this
board " said Tobin,* "and made complaint
that he was being overcharged for water,
and in view of that fact and the conten
tion of the Spring Valley Company that
it will be unfairly treated by giving it only
J80 000 a year for hydrants, I believe In in
creasing that allowance." •
The vote on Tobin's amendment was:
Ayes— Bra ndensteiir, Comte. Fontana, Hotal
ine Jennings, Sanderson, Tobin. . A\ ilaon.
Noes— Booth, Boxton, Braunhart, Connor,
Curtis d'Ancona, Dwyer, ¦< McCarthy, Reed,
StaffOrd " Reed Quotes Figures.
Reed then proceeded to explain 'why lie
would not vote for the Phelan ordinance.
Bv means of a huge blackboard he pre
sented figures to show that the 'content
plated reduction of $142,180 would in reafc
ity be only $63,926 67. Reed's figures fol
'Beveriue'for present fiscal yean IV.'. 41.B29.4W 00
Increased business- :;..:.........¦.. ¦ 80,920 43
Total .... ........I...!.. ...... $1,910,419 43
Proposed reduction ....... ........ . : .-. *"2, 18 0 00
What the company will really re- 4J
Wh e at e cornmiitee' says It' wl'li 'rece'lVe! litt&SG 10
Discrepancy • : i*.a>t *&
The vote on the final passage of the
Phelan ordinance was:
Ayes-Boxton, Braunhart, Connor, Curtis,
d'Ancona. Dwytr, Fontana, Hotaling, Sander
son Stafford. Tobln, Wilson."
Noes— Booth, Brandenstein, Comte, Jennings,
McCarthy. Reed. ¦-•¦.. - : ,
Reed's resolutions directing the, City En
eineer to investigate the cost of convert
ing the Geary-street cable road into an
electric line with a view to its ultimate
acquisition by the city; also to ascertain
the cost of an auxiliary salt-water supply,
system for flushing sewers and cleaning
streets; also to investigate present condi
tions of the Spring Valley plant as to Its
ability to continue to supply water, were
adopted. ¦.¦..•:- . / •
Canada has been" awarded the grand
prize for forestry, fish and game and
mineral exhibits at the Paris Exposi
tion. Vv^iSV • : • -..¦•- !
'HE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1901.
9
GBAPE-NUTS.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IX LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boatinjf.
bathing, bowlinr. tennis, Hvtry. new walks,
etc Write for circular. H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
GOOD FELLOWS 1 HOME,
AMID THE MOtTJJTAINS OP MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to 8.
STRATTON". 5 Eighth street. City. :
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. "Will hereafter be open the
year round. Bus meet* 11 o'clock train from
city until April 13. then meets all trains. Th*
culinary department will receive special atten-
tion. For rates and particulars addrass HOTEL.
MOUNT VIBW. Ross Valley. Maria Co..Cal.
These two elements unite together In
the human body to make and rebuild tht
ETay matter of which the brain, solar
plexus and nerve centers are filled.
These are scientific lacts which can b.j
ascertained by any careful Investigate: 1 .
The food, Grape-Xuts. is* not only tit*?
most scientifically made food in th*
world, but almost any user will agree
with us that the flavor is uniaue and
mcfet v.ir,:;i;:£.
Then If they feel disposed to know the
reason why, they can have Grape-Xtrts
analyzed or take the analysis of the Lon-
don Lancet and. the result will show that
the food contains the natural phosphate
of potash obtained In a natural way from
the cereals, and albumen obtained in tho
sarne way.
American brain workers have for some
years past been largely using an espec-
ially prepared food for rebuilding the
gray" matter of brain and nerve centers.
Any man or woman who cares to make a
test by using this food, Grape-Xuts, for a
portion of one or two meals each day,
will find a distinct increase in vigor, and
particularly In brain power.
Brain-Workers Bequire Special Food.
AMERICAN BRAINS.
SKAG6S HOT SPRINGS g?S£§52S
from San Francisco: but 9 miles' staglntc:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boating:
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and «tag*
service: morning and afternoon stage*: round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlb-
uron fsrry at 7:30 a. ra. or 3:30 p. m. Terms.
S3 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years.. For further infortna-
toln address J. F. MULGREW. Skagg*. Cal.
h^ *»^X-
TheMorrow /Trl
Coaster BraRe II » *1
Guarantees you A»r»ltttt Ccmfort \ f _^ V j
and PUasurc in Cycling. Fit» »ny V*>^ »^<^
wUeel. Your wheel »!war« under \AJ \ <6fc
conTrol. Security on hills. A luxury \T J i
on the lereL \ 1 J
You Rid* so Miles, but j Vj £H3
Pedal only 35 Miles j |£ Iff
lOfl.OOO Mtisfied iV.en l»st year. f W»
Sold by all dealers. Soot:,: Free. '¦ H B^T
1CUPSE3IFS. CO, II«lra,5.T. U V ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, TUESDAY. APRIL 2,: 1901.
10
BPSIXESS CHANCES — Con tinned.
A NEWLY patented device - for military pur-
poses In camp, trench and hospital, thus In-
viting Government contracts; for ¦ miners,
prospectors and" campers, in cold, frozen and
011 regions, from whom the . demand should
be large, as thia device would be the means
of savins thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc.; for cattlemen, farmers, dairy-
men, orchardlsts, etc. ; for railroad, gas and
¦water companies; it will form a most- profit-
able basis for organizing a company to ex-
ploit It: the patent of this most lucrative
monopoly is offered for only one-half Its ap-
praised value. Address box 162,' Berkeley
P. P.. Cal.
A — GOOD restaurant complete; good payer: In
manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; 4 housekeeping
rooms, off store; retiring from business On
account of going East. Apply at 243 Minna.
'OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. CaL
BRANCH bakery, confectionery and variety
store at a bargain; l>eKt location in Mission;
living rooms; rent ch^ap. - Apply 214S Mission.
$300— BAKERY with horse and wagon, counters
and fixtures of the best; fine chance . for a
baker. California Business Assn.. S6.-.V2 Mkt.
FOR sale— Restaurant and living rooms com-
plete. 126 Second st. . ,-
RESTAURANT; good paying business; receipt?
$18 a day; dirt cheap. Box 2757. Call office.
FOR Sale— Good-paying restaurant; owner leav-
lng city. Address 4627 Grove st., Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. 5C6 Howard St., near First.
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good living-rooms;
small route if debired. Box 2513, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant on city front. ¦ Call
at PET JEN & MENDGEL. 3a Market St.
FANCY dry goods business for sale: owner
retiring. lySl Devisadero st. ; call bet. 12 and 1.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at^ Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions. has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. .
I LODGISO-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
16 ROOMS; corner; fine for iransient $10CO
22'-room house; clears $200..* 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market....... S00
14 rooms on Third et., near Market 550
14 rooms'on Mission st... ./ 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 ......: 1000
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine... 2800
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $135....' 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 0000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
85-room House/, clears $800 •• CO00
80-room boarding-house; clears $600 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 32a
4 \-acant houses to rent. -
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
J20.0C0; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796.
A. CAMERON* & CO., 850 Market St., and 8
Stockton St., phone Bush 328, rooms 21, 22, 23.
—If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices; if you wish to purchase, see our list
of bargains. « — : *
51 rooms. Sixth st.; good condition; rent
$140; clears $175; Al location, $3000. .
23 rooms; rent $75: offices first floor; six
rooms pay $50; leaves 17 rooms for $15; good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700.
8-room modern flat; Eddy st.; rent $40; good
furniture and carpets; sunny; $450.
17 rooms; Geary St.; rent $65; good carpets
and furniture: all rented; pays $85 over ex-
penses; offices first floor. - *
12 rooms; Leaven worth St.; rent $55; elegant;
$850; full good roomers^ ¦ ,
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
S rooms; well furnished: good location.. $250
10 rooms: cheap rent; honest value $550
22 rooms; apartment house; must sell — $1000
t 32 rooms;' money maker; downtown $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished: see this.. $9500
150 rooms; a chance seldom offered. $25,000
Hundreds -to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
' WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st.
1 SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
€0 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
11 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. S000
II rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
Over Wonder Millinery Store j
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $150 $2500'
49 rooms; part cash; see it $2503 !
20 rooms; rent $50; only $80<> i
20 rooms: Ellis st. : new; terms ....$1400
MONEY TO LOAN AT 1V4 PER CENT.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
tauvers; greneral satisfaction g-uaranteed. Call
G."W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & Co.. 1032 Market St.; tel. Jessie 159«.
45 rooms; north - of Market: only $1,600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished...: 6(*i
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 3Ci5
If a bargain we have them at any price.
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan :.
719 Market, by Call bldg.; tel. "Black 180-'..
18 rooms; fine carpets and furnlturp $ll'>0
14 rooms; north Market; elegant furniture I6O1)
19 rms.; sunny cor.; fine location; H cash 1400
7 ROOMS, near Market: rent $25: price $250.
II rooms: McAllister St.: rent $40: price $550.
14 rooms: Mission St.: rent $30: price $550.
9 rooms r Sixth Ft.; rent S25: price $400.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE.- 28 Sixth st.
BEST offer . this week takes fourteen - rooms
good hardwood furniture. 856 Howard st.
FOR Sale— Rooming-house, 13 rooms. . 597 Ellis
st.: no agents.
FOR sale^-A 6-room furnished house; nice
¦ home: rent Via. 161 ? Bush fit. *
SPIRITUALISE!. . \
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
. one you will marry: the only medium !n the
world so sure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market St.. opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resid. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER will hold a benefit circle for
Mrs. Martin Brown to-night, 8:15: lower hall,
117 Larkln St.: admission- 15 cents.*
MME. GYEISN:. trance medium; advice in all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
at 33 Sixth St., rooms 16 and 17.
MATERIALIZING, etherealizlng seances every
Tuesday and Thursday nights -8 o'clock. AR-
NOLD DICKSON. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. MAXWELL; meeting Tuesday, Wednes-
. day, 1238 Howard; Thursday, 117 Larkin;
lower hall; Wrenn, Swan.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Wed.
eve. ; best tests, 10c; sitting dally, 148 Sixth..
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
Mrs. Gillinghain, spiritual test meeting, 8 p.m.,
10c; sealed quest. 305 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
. 605 McAllister; 10c;. come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER— Materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; 50 cents. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. EBERHARDTS convincing tests to-
night; 10c; skeptics Invited. 32D0 22d st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs.. C J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. ARNDT. the great - clairvoyant, tells
' past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
1 everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st.
aiME. VALEEN. palmist and life reader.'
psychic and magnetic Healer; cures diseases'
and habits; teaches how. to .Influence ueople
i and successful In love and financial af- I
fairs. 213 Leaven worth st. ;
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
: reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist;; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, . mining, law-
sults. ;6',£ Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
' 6th; private readings dally,:i0 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor. 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; Just arrived
from La., 15c; ladies only. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
MME. HANSON. . palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANTS-— Contliinert.
JIME. M. BERNARD,."
• THE FAMOUS . . .",
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
. 'ly. located 17 ¦ Third 'st;.* next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly,"" gives an accur-
. ate description of the past, /reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
or life; 23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. . Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
. and 26; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp . for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist:
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on j
earth; readings dally. 1130 Market st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
1st and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
YOUN'G Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given: L. 50c, G. $1. 1203 Market, r. 25.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvovant.-card" reader;
sittings daily. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet Eth and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ; German spoken ;tel.Howard 1346.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry: truth or no pay: 2 c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad" ;; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEA2VINO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-^57 Tehama st.:' tel. South *<>.
SANITARY cleaning and' dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St. : phono South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
. STEVENS, mgr.. 3P-40 Sth st.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. Telephone Jessee 944. .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, .bunions. Ingrown nails, . warts, chll-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIONS'. OFFICES.
GlEO^G^vrK^L^rS^«ic1^ro charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 Vooms; modern improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. 1SS9 O'Farrell, nr. Pierce.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath and basement. Key
at 22>i Thirteenth St.. near . Howard. . j
S BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkln— Sunny cottage of 5 rooms; rent $15.
$10 — FOUR rooms; furniture for sale cheap;
! large yard for garden. ' chickens. 3137H 16th.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; , plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
j flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions cr fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'.
cheapest • and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. .
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, ?5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, .24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
/—No charge for extracting when plates are
/ made; old plates ma-ie over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c:. gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgewoik. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bash-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R.L.WALSH, 81514 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRITEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bids.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 9C9 Mission st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM-'Talnless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.'
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. , I--. : ¦¦; -
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class- rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofCatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
and evening; ?S per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. : positions se- .
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F. ,
Gallasher, expert court reporter, teacher of-
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, lull course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
¦electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl- I
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore .with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all it» graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.;minlng,mech.,sur-
vev, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. - Van
dcr Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only S60. ¦ San Fran-
' Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. . ¦ '
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg."
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
' of Languages, 320Post;estab'd 1871:ablest profs.
KENT Law School, day and night, prepares
for Supreme Court. 52D Parrott building. .
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
E3IPLOY3IEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office .. and House-'
¦ cleaning Co.. best help: send men at -short
notice. 1123 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California : phone James 2601."
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072. |
JAPANESE and -Chinese employment. office-
Best help. 526 O 1 Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment' office—
Best help. 411^ O'F/rrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT ; WASTED— PEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS parlor inaid and waitress desires -
situation; best of reference. MISS CULLEN;
325 Sutter St. = . • ..
WOMAN wants work by the day;: washing or
housecleanlng; 75c and carfare. Box 2825
Call. . v _ . - ..- ¦ ..'.¦¦
SWEDISH girl wishes- situation to do light
housework. 42 Elliott ¦ park. « '.
SITUATION .wanted by. a ; girl to do cooking:,
wages 525 .to $30: .references. Call at E69
Minna st... near Seventh. .1 . > ' . <
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chlT
dren. wishes position as housekeeper: city or :
.;¦ country.. Call between 1 and 4 p. m. at 68-76 I
; Ellis st.,- room 53. ¦ -. ¦'..;. :
WANTJ£D— Position ss cook or working. house-
keeper. Rcx5m . 1, 675 . Mission ; st. • ¦. - --. " '
NEAT young girl wishes place to care for child
"about 2 years old.'. 1710 Washington st. „:
WAJJTED— Situation by young lady press feed-
er: wages. $10 a -week: 9 hours work. - Ad-
' .! dress ¦ Feeaer. 222 Twelfth st.', bat. Howard
and Folsom. .- - y. ~
REFINED Swiss lady wants < a '. position ¦ to do'
upstairs work in'flrst-class American family;
city references 4 years. "Box 2761, Call" office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. , near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $i 50 fo
" $6 week; convenient and respectable; free „' bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ' ¦" ¦
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— -31 AXE.
BARTENDER, well recommended, seeks situ-
atlon. W. HART, 610 Minna st. : ¦-•
YOUNG man wishes few hours light work
or: evenings; central part. ¦, Box
¦ J27S8. Call. - - - .'. '
YOUNG, steady, • experienced -butcher wishes
¦position In city or country. Box 2787, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian ' wishes situa-
- tion to do general housework, or as gerdener,
porter or watchman; handy with carpenter
i tools; is good orchardlst. Box 2786,'. Call. ,
YOUNG man, with references.- wishes place
I as elevator boy; wages not under $15. , • Box
: 27S5, Call. . \ ¦ • *..¦-. "
FIRST-CLASS bartender, best of city refer-
ences.* wants, job; city or country. NICKLE,
. 746 Market St. . ' - ¦ *
BY experienced dry good man; in country
town; dress goods or domestic; no- window
trimming; good references.; Box 2784, Call. •
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow. garden: • good . driver; handy
with tools. Box 2736, Call. ¦
AN Eastern hotel man; experienced in every
detail would . like some first-class resort to
manage. - Box 2814. Call office: ¦ -
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants place to do
' cooking:, hotel or big family: city or country;
wages $35 up. Address U. M..- 418A Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ,
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*8
Valencia st. • ¦¦ ¦• ,--. ¦ ¦ ' •¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ - _'_
' FINANCIAL. .;•_. . '_" ¦¦
FoiTlNVESTORS'.!! "'"~"
¦--•'.." I OFFER FOR S ALB _
Unimproved and income city property: gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial - corporations; money to
• loan: Investments made; bank references; cor-.
• respondence solicited. i
T. OTWAY ¦•BADLEIR.
Room 40, 310 Pine St.,
San ' Francisco.
THE STANLEY Aerial Navigation Company.
A limited number of shares for sale at a
sacrifice. Box 2649. Call office.
FLATS TO LET. :
A NEW, sunny fiat of 7 rooms and bath; $15.
-. Apr>l>~ 350 Precita ave. . ¦ ¦_
BARTLETT, ,414 — Flat of 3 newly papered
sunny ¦ rooms and bath. '.
SUNNY flat, 7 . rooms, bath, : stationary tubs.
1627 Folsom st. ; rent $20. ¦ . . :
$16— SUNNY upper bay-window flat, 5 rooms,
ba»h: all mod. 1130 Florida st.. bet. 23d, 24th.
VALENCIA. ' 1306— Sunny flat of 6 large rooms.
2 bay-windows; sunr.y yard : . rent $20. ¦;
Jll-UPPER flat, 3 large sunny rooms; base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave.. bet. 23d and 24th.
! FCRMtlRB . FOR ' SALE.
! FOR sale— 4 rooms furniture, . cheap; also
I china cupboard. 2814 Pine st.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak. $48 50. with' No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. "
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkln: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash. t
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
etc., see .W.E.Cody, 7o7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS.' LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WAKTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK, city,' $15, no Sunday" work;
infant's nurse, $25; becond' girl, Ross Val-
ley, $25; seamstress, SI a day; working house-
keeper, city, $20: working housekeeper, coun-
try, $15, no objection to a child; waitress,
railroad eating-house, $20; German nurse, $25;
companion for a girl and sew, $20; maid and
seamstress. ..$20; chambermaid, hotel, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter; St. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Waitress, institution, found -and washing.. $25
- Waitress, south, fare raid $20
Waitress, Nevada County, see party here.. $20
Waitress, Menlo Park $20
2 waitresses, same country hotel, ' see party
here this a. m '.'. $20
2 waitresses, Vallejo ". .. .......$20
i 10" waitresses, city $20
Chambermaid to wait, country, fare paid. .$20
Woman, air round work, hotel, country. .$20
2 chambermaids, same city hotel* .....$15
Chambermaid, city . ....$17 50
Pastry cook. Institution ;....: $30
-.2 nurses, institutions :. $20
Seamstress $1 a lay
Restaurant cook $8 week
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
5 cooks ¦ ...........$30
Chambermaid and laundress, country $25
25 house girls ' $10 to $25
5 second girls .........$20
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ..104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO./. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ......;....
5 waitresses, Salt Lake City, Utah, $22 50,
fare advanced ; 7 waitresses, first-class com-
mercial hotels, $20: G waitresses, city, $20;
restaurant waitress, $7; chambermaid,
springs, $20; woman for house" cleaning,
springs, $25. fare paid; 3 chambermaids to
wait, city arid country, $20; pastry cook, $30;
institution cook, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
3 cooks, Jewish families, $25 and $20; 5 girls,
general housework, small families, $25 and
$20; young girls to assist, $15 to $20.' ,, ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for delicatessen . lunch, $40;
•pastry cook, $35; S cooks, plain wash, $30, $35
andT>»0; 6 second girls, $20; 8 waitresses, $20;-
,14 girls for housework, country, $25; 49 girls
for housework In city, $20 to $30; cook for
men. $25.' Apply to J. F. CROSETT CO.,
316 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ . . : -
EXPERIENCED sewing, machine , operators,
and a few- apprentices; also apprentices to
learn to knit on machines. Apply J. J. PFIS-
TER KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st.
GOOD girl for light housework; -2 in family;
small wages ; call from 9 to 12. , 61 Carmelita
St., near Waller and Scott. _. .
YOUNG girl to" assist: In light housework;
¦ wages $10; references.- 2005 Pine st. . \ . '
MAKERS— Good sewing, machine . operators in
millinery store. 692 McAllister st. • ¦,';;-¦
WANTED— Girl to assist:' good home; small
wages. Apply 1019- San Bruno ave. -
WANTED— Good hands on ladies' wrappers;
electric power. JUD A BROS. ,109 Battery.
YOUNG girl to help with housework In family
of three grown people. 911 Stelner st. • -
WANTED— Woman; good plain cook and
housekeeper; six in family; wages $15: per-
manent ulace. F. B. MARKS, Dos Palos,
Merced County, Cal. - : .^
WANTED— First - class finisher'', on custom
pants; steady work; good wages.- MR.
. STERN, 411%. Kearny St., top floor.
PANTS finisher and apprentice;: -paid while
learning. 110 William st., nr.Geary & Taylor.
GOOD woman for , general housework; family
. of. three. Call at 845 California st.
NEAT girl to assist with baby, and light house-
. work; no heavy washing or window-cleaning;
good home and $15 per month; references. In-
. quire. 208 Sutter St., top .floor., ¦ "
WANTED— First-class ta.Uoress on. vests; wages
$12; also apprentice. 504 Eddy st.
A NEAT, quick hand -in ladies' suits; no -others
.need appjy. 414 Turk St. ' ' ;' . "~"y
TAILORESSk- wanted on . custom coats. . 1170
Market st.,^ room 36. . > ,
GOOD finisher wanted on, custom coats; good
wages. • 410 Kearny . st.', / room 33. ;,: -. ' ;
TYPEWRITER to assist' In office work; .'salary
. $20 per month. Bo« 2S32, Call office.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
:. work.'; 40 Ellis. st.. room -62. *
NEAT girl to assist with light work and child.
1010 Bush st. ¦¦•.¦'¦ . ¦"- .-'-i
GIRL to assist with light housework" in small
: family; good home. :;04 Sixth. st. ,
A GIRL for ; general housework; - call In : the
¦ forenoon.. 2643 Bryaut st., near Twenty-fifth.
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's Restaurant,
' 631 -Clay, st. - , . ¦ , . ; ¦ ,
SMART girls . to learn tailoring; . paid while
' learning. 1215 Market st. .. .. . , .
DRESSMAKERS; first-class sklrtmaker. '516
Sutter st. >\ : .'-.''¦,
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; Inexperienc-
ed 'instructed.' Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission.
3 PANTS finishers; steady work.: 858 Howard,
.'bet. 4th "and 5th, over handball court.' <
WANTED— Good . steady girl , to do general
,' cleaning : ih restaurant. 25 Taylor st. ¦¦:¦..•„-
WANTED — Experienced apprentice girl to work
on coats; good pay." 334 Kearny," room 9. ¦.
WANTED-T-Lady stenographer. V Call • at once.
HC5^ Broadway. Oakland. Prof. Chesterfield.
LUNCH waitress— 604 Third st*. . "'¦' \. '
AN experienced tailorcss; steady. work. 922 7th
st.,' Oakland, '. Market-st. station. '
A YOUNG woman •- to ' do • light housework for
two In family. 716 Franklin st." >,_.,¦ ' •
GERMAN. Swedish or Danish girl for house-
work and cooking,' $20; call a. m. ; 24 Hill st,
near .Valencia. ' ;.¦-¦* N\ 1
HELP , WAXJ'gD-j—FEM AJjE-^Coik^
. GIRL" for light housework, to assist with chil-
dren; steep home. 309 Twelfth st.
:i EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on coats.
: 107 Fifth St.. room 7. . " ¦¦- » -¦" "¦_
. TAILORESS wanted on custom work. 200
1 Golden Gate ave.i V' -•*.":*"*-
. GIRL wanted in. small family for general
housework and cooking. 1663 Post st. .'-.-' -
'. NEAT girl for upstairs work, assist with baby,
small .family. $15. 2520 Green st. '
I EXPERIENCED operators on "silk waists;
I good pay. . S. F. Mfg. Co.,409A Turk St.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
. work; no washing. 6S1 McAllister st.
• WANTED— First-class saleslady in cloak and
suit department. Apply at HALE BROS..
r 979-987 Market ' st., Monday, between 8 and
¦ f ' 11 a. m. . .
'. WANTED— Trimmers, makers and salesladies
» * in . millinery, department. Appl-\ at -HALE
; - BROS.. S79-9S7 Market St.. Monday, between
. S and 11 a. m. ; -''".* . "
\ WANTED— Experienced seamstress in cloak
( and -suit alteration department. Apply at
HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market St., between 8
." . and 11 a. m. - ' "*
¦ ABO- T 100 more operators, also rlveter.J, want-
ed at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall fac-
tory. 32V4 Fremont st. : no experience neces-
\, sary; good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
; MEN OR WOMEN -••
: .'".. Paid Big Commissions
i UTICA . CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. ¦ ¦'
! IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors: fair salary;
must be of good address; for Saturday Even-
• Ing Post. 53 Columbian building.
REQUIRED — Service or refined woman, over 26;
references and former occupation, if any; per-
• ¦ manent. r Box • 2762, ¦ Call office. ¦
WANTED— Operators on • women's wrappers:
steady work; good pay. MARKS BROS..
1212 Market st. '. • ' '¦
GIRL to assist; sleep home: small wages. Ap-
ply forenoons 2146»i Market, cor. Laguna.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
L CO. Apply at factory." 27 Geary st.
! WANTED— First-class laundress.. 117- Corbet t
ave., San Francisco. v ¦ \ ¦',
¦ WANTED— Experienced - shirt or waist opera-
.tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
• FIRST-CLASS operator, on vests; steady work
I guaranteed. ; D41 Market st. •
• I FINISHERS on pants and vests; steady work
guaranteed. 541 Market st. '
• FIRST-CLASS .operator on pants; work guaran-
teed for one year. 541 Market st.
¦ OPERATORS on waiters', coats; , steady work;
power. 636 Clay St., room 5, upstairs. , .•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200- Fillmore st.
• A BRANCH office for Call ¦ advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * '¦
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
r A— MURRAY Sf READY... ...Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
5 blacksmiths, country shops, ranches, etc...
- ..". ..." $3, J2 50 day, $40 and found
; Harnessmakers ..£2 50 day, $35 and found
. Carriage painters '. .....$40
. House painters, 8 houis work $3 day
BO laborers for the v/oods $30 and found
25 ranch teamsters... $28 and $30
'Farm and orchard hands ..$25 and $30
18 milkers, city and country $30 and $35
30 laborers, city work $1 75 a day
Machine miners, rock drillers.............
10 handy men or boys, no experience required,
largo land company $20 and founds
FOR FULL LISTS OF WORK COM!*
DOWN AND READ POSITIONS ON OUR
BULLETIN . BOARDS too numerous to ad-
vertise. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. I
: MILKER and wife, $50; 6 milkers, $30 and $35;
dairyman, small dairy. $25 and found'; man
about place, $30 and found; milk wagon
driver,. $20 and f ounJ ; buttermaker, $40 and
found; choreman, $20 and found; railroad tie-
maker, 9c and lie, tools and provisions ad-
vanced: 2 vegetable gardeners, $25 and $30
and found; fruit peddler, $15 and found;
stableman, private stable, $20 and found; and
others. J.- F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
. ' mento st. >- ». ' "
2- HOTEL cooks, country, $40 and $50; restau-
rant cook, $40; secoiKl . cook, $S week;, night
cook, 53 week; kitchen man, country, $25; 2
hotel waiters, country. $25; restaurant waiter,
country, $30 and found; night porter, $25 to
1 $30; dishwashers. $2S; and others.- J. F.
1 : CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
' A— WANTED
1 ; Remember, we are tlia only, agents who pay
, your fares both ways and return your office
, fees if you are not offered work where we
1 send you
1 Brickmason for mine .: $4 a day
German cellar man, c'.ty... $2 a day
, Cellar man for country.: ..'..$30 andfound
1 Farmer and wife : .$35
, 2 vineyard and ¦winery hands $26
2 farm hands ". $26
2 orchard hands;.. • $26
Milker, south $30
, . Buttermaker, - near city — $30
Milker, fare paid ....$S5
Night clerk ..;.., $20 and found
, -Second cook on boat $40
Cabin boy $15
, 2 woodchoppers, tools and grub furnished —
Call and read our bills: hundreds of other
jobs. W. D. EWER AL CO., 610 Clay St. '
. A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 16 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, country, $40; cook's helper, $25;
porter to drive bus, country hotel, $25.
AT Cal. Emp.: Agency, 6P Tbird St., phone Red
31 — Gang of men for mill and woods, best
wages, men to make ties, posts and pickets;
6 laborers, city, $1 75 per day; 3 machinists.
59 Third st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
•Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
SPLENDID opening for a "general workman
at shoemaking and harness repairing at
¦-¦ Tomales, Marln County, Cal. Apply P. .
MULVENAY. Tomales. ¦ '
WANTED-r-Eoy to ' work In lunch house. 629
Davis st: -
HOUSE painter wanted at 407 Brannan street.-
TAILORS. -ROOS BROS., 23-37 Kearny street.
WANTED— Third hand; bread; $30 and found.
' 2808 Twenty-fourth st. _^ '.
WANTED— First-class carriage ¦ wood worker
at 2315 Pine St.- "
A PRESSER wanted. 421 Point Lobos ave.,
Golden Gate Dye Works. . .
WANTED— Partner in restaurant as cashier,
$73 per month; small capital required. LUN-
DIN & Co., 9Q6 Market st. and 9 Ellis st.
BOY to learn carriage painting. 956 Harrison
street. . - ¦ . • -
MAN of good address for a responsible posi-
tion ; must be good talker. Call at 240 Mcnt-
gomery st.,. room 14. , :
INTEREST in one of best paying barber shop's
for sale; $2000 required. Box 2770, Call office.
CLEANERS and pressers. Golden West Cloth-
ing Renovatory, -13 Montgomery st. t .
PLAIN lunch cook for saloon. Apply 604
; Fourth st. ' ' ¦ . ¦ '. - - - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Man to help. In restaurant. 113
Turk st. . ¦ - ; ¦ . . ' .
STRONG boy wanted ih bakery. 108 Ninth
street. '¦•."'¦ ¦ .,•-..
YOUNG man to ' solicit for *¦ merchant tailor.
. Box 27S1, Call office. .
1 STEADY man : with $100 cash- can make ! $75
month year around. 209 Kearny st., ¦ room 1.
EXPERIENCED plumber's helper wanted at
2736 Mission St.; call_bet. 7 and 7:30 o'clock.
1 WANTED — Good errand boy about 17; $4 50 a
week. .104 Kearny; tailorshop. .
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; rent $8.
: 403 Pacific st.
W ANTED— Porter at Brett's Cafe., 310 Mont-
gomery st. ; . experience necessary.
BOY wanted to learn. pants pressing. 253^ .Stev-
enson st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— An experienced tinner; WIESTER
. & CO.; 33 Secowl st. . .
STEADY, sober, experienced dishwasher. 612
> Kearny st.*-. . ¦
WANTED— A good, first-class dinner ' waiter
'at 304 Mason st.; wages $3 50 a. week.
, WANTED— A night cook. 29 Stockton street.
GOOD young steady blacksmith. 1139 Mission
street. ' " • , .
STRONG" boy to ' drive delivery . wagon' for
grocery, store. 601 Larkln. St. ; ,
MAN with $300 to join advertiser -to -work pla-
; cer.'claim at Cape Nome. ! Box 2433. Call.
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by S. N.
¦ WOOD & CO.; apply at factory, -27 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS ' coatmaker to work at home.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightiy damaged,- half
i price. .562: Mission -St.; ;bet. 1st and -2d sts. ..
WANTED— First-class blacksmith. F. • J. DE-
. MARTINI, 537 Green st.
¦WANTED — A ¦ press . boy. Apply- 532 Gommer-
' ;cial st.,-C.-W.'NEVIN. „ : " ¦
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale*
; rent $6. ; DECKELMAN BROS., ¦ 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — 100 men. to take rooms, - 10c, 15c and
; . 20c. . Boston House, 930 Howard st.
15c BARBER shop;: old 'stand; "running two
v chairs; • In- San * Jose'; - cheap. , STULTZ, ¦ 723
1 Market st.':? -••*
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.^.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 Geary st
......RAILROAD WORK
'Teamsters, Nevada Free fare
Laborers, S. P. Company work "'I*
Drillers. Chatsworth Park $3 to $2 30
Teamsters and laborers, Uklah S2 00
Free fare Free fare
-¦ • 9 •':
2 Blacksmiths, country. $2 to $2 30; black-
smith helper, $1 25 and board: 10 milkers.
$30 to $40; vegetable gardener. $23; chore-
5 man, ranch, $25: 50 woodchoppers. 4-foot
wood, 51 50 a cord.
.....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, mine boarding-house. $60: cook, sec-
ond and dishwasher, country hotel, $125; oys-
terrnan, $40; 10 • cooks, city and country, $40
to $60, vegetable cook. $35: 3 bell boys, $15;
"head waiter, restaurant, $50; machine lroner.
country hotel. $40: 6 restaurant waiters. $30
¦ to $40; 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$20 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years:
- mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
. are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 623 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
A FEW energetic, intelligent gentlemen to
present an attractive financial proposition:
successful candidates earn from $100 to $300
per month. Address box 2769. Call office.
A MAN of large, influential acquaintance can
secure good outside salaried position with
leading fire and marine insurance office. Box
2754, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 7X1 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
WANTED— Cash boys over. 14 years of. age. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. 979-9S7 Market St.. Mon-
day, between S and 11 a. m. ,~; .-,¦-:;,!"
MARKERS and distributers for laundry: wages
¦$2 E0 to $5 per day of ten hours; references
required. Box 2748. Call office. ¦. .
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
. free. S. F. Barber College, MIA Howard st. ;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 552 Mission St.. bet. 1st and M sts._
YOUNG men to eo whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
YOUNG men to go north on a cruise at HER-
MAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
COATMAKER for. country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. - ' -
MANAGERS everywhere: either sex: $20 week-
; ly. N. Y. C. C. 1206 Market St.. office 6.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 000 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. SC6 Mc-.rket, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c jnlght: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions ¦ bas been established at 1093
Valencia st.
HORSKM A1SU WAGONS.
FOR sale— A handsome black stallion, 6 years
old. 17 hands high, weighs 1G0O lbs.; is. sound
- and of good disposition; will be sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
/ Marln Co. -^ . ¦
[40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
.S. F. VETERINARY' College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
• etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, . buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
lieht. fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.-
WANTED— 25 horses for pasture at Glen
Park. Telephone Mission 63. --1,-v-
BUSINESS cart for butc.her.for delivery; also
business horse, stands— without hitching; lady
' can drive. 1621 Market st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^?mNTErn^T^ous^rto^eTrs^nTfoTcU^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
Handsomely frnshd 10- room house; newly con-
' strctd; Laguna, nr. Pacific; for 4 mos.. beg.
May 1; rent $75. F. D. Madison, 101 Crocker bg.
BUSH. 1220— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard; $37 50; water free. - . .'-
COTTAGE of 6 roonu and bath. 124 Cedar ave.,
. off Van Ness* between Geary and Post.
HOUSES TO LET KUKMSHBO.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
" f room 2. . . •
STEINER. 2206— Well furnished 7 rooms, bath:
whole or part: references. Call 1 to 4 p. in.
LOST AXD KOUXD.
LOST— Purse, at the Emporium; finder may
keep money. Please return to Emporium
Information Bureau.
LOST— Fox terrier dog; left side of face and
ear black. Return to. Joy's Drugstore; lib-
eral reward. ' .
LOST— Monday noon, front of Mauvais' music
. store, lady's gold watch, three pictures In-
side. Return office 13 Howard st.; reward.
LOST — $5 Reward: Skye terrier -with pricked
• cars. LOUIS HARRIS. 103 California Mkt.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob engraved
"Minnie." Return 719 Taylor st.; reward.
LOST — Lemon and white pointer: collar marked
property ¦ John B. Colernan. Return 730 F1U-
more st. : receive reward. '
LOST— Bicycle, Cleveland. No. 2343; reward;
' no questions asked. 375 Walswortii ave.. Oak'
land.
REWARD of $230 for the return of jewelry
taken from 325 Mason st. Return to 730
Market St.: .no questions asked. . ;
LOST— Good-looking sorrel horse with black
mane and tail; fore top cut. 3187 Mission st. *
Wanted— Old gold -for manufacturing. O." Nolte,
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL. .*'
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MTJS. HERT7,. 70ft Kills st.
MATTRESSES AM5 UPHOI.STRRV.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: UL South 732:
, to order . or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS..- 318-320 Eleventh st.
•:<? MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market, ladies'
. specialists; 32 years' practice; all- cases trea't-
- ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a, reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office: r.atients treated can re-
turn' same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send 'or the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless: consultation free. ¦-«
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
. successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1O3.> Market — Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence: reliable.
MRS. D. - ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market st.,
bet. Taylor and -Maso'^ ; ladles' specialist.
DR. and MRS. KOHL. = 1122 Market St.," bet.
Mason and Taylor, reliable ladles' specialists.
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
pills; price $1. DR. V. POPPER. 323 Kearny.
MINES AND MIXING. .
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate" bought
- and sold; Eastern and foreign capital wanted;
ores; maps, mill tests shown at office, Parrott
bldg., fourth floor. A"> and 476, 10 a. m. to 4
." p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
'linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a -large stock of saloon ' outfits on hand;
.32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
. we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1C21. 1023 Mission St..
- abov&^jixth;- write for catalogue.
FOR Sale— Thoroughbred Incubator chicks and
eggs; white and black Mlnorcas." white and
buff Leghorns. Apply Potrero Poultry Yard
,-. 404 Carolina St.
A— BUYS, pells or . rent.1 gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
.etc.. WHITELAW. 21G Spear st.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
pald. S.- R. CHURCH.' 307 Sansome st...S. F.
A— 20-TON : Howe .wagon 'scale: compound
.¦ beam. Apply at 216 California st. '
GAS I engine, dynamo, .* storage batteries, etc.,
; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission si.
A LOT of government tents; SO bath tubs;
- cheap.' 558. Mission st.
MISCpULAXEOrS — FOB SALE.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California,
DOMESTIC and White sewing machine, good?
order, complete, cheap. 1313 Mission, nr. 15th.
A DOZEN silver spoons, perfectly new. for
$12. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
SECOND-HAND buggy and bicycle, fine order;
cheap. 1169 Howard. . t
FOR SALE— A portable oven; cheap. 1201 Sev-
enth St.. Oakland.
FRESH Jersey cow. No. 1. for sale. 28094
California st. - _^
.ENGINES and boilera; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Btuiome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-Iiard, all makes, at low
flgnres. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y..
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and secord hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS YVA.NTS.
WANTED— Second-band eight-toot cornice
brake. Apply 29 Jessie at.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dies', gents* clothing. 154. 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
31ONKY TO LOAA.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of you>- iriends or you will los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
- and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loan* on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
; gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. 1IALLORAN & OLSE.N.
ANY amount at 6%: lirst, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate "in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
$;co.CCO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit in city:
" $150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON, 413 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvats
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place 10 borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold.- silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 11/0 Market st.. room 6».
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California^
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtga: city, country. 6%, undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries); New York plan. TUB
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building. .
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bis.
MUSICAL lNSTKUME.Vl'S.
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost; closlns out
our Northwest agencies; following arts some
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up ....$65 t Schiller $26T»
1 Estey $35 1 Sommer $i3"i
1 Emerson, up ...$35 1 Gabler $135
1 Vose $S5 1 Waverly $122
1 Knabe $1S5 1 Marshall Wendel.jm".
2 Steinways ..$185 up 1 Fisher, up .... $113
2 Heines $315 up 1 Mason & Hamlin. $33-)
6 Chickerlngs..$110 up 1 Schuman. up ....$10>
1 Hallet & Davis. $46C 1 Hazelton square. -tSa
2 Behr Bros'. $213, $285 1 Miller $125
5 Schaeffers $193ll KelSo ..$13r,
1 1 new Mason & Hamlin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $420, now »....$13S
And 50 others; rented and rent allowed If
purchased; rents $3 up; we handla all makes;
agents for some of the oldest and most' fa-
mous pianos in existence; agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced" pianos for a new Stetnway any tim.<
¦within three yea-s from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $i> cash and
• $6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
¦ land. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houM
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE13, 28.
28 and 30 ©"Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every- •
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A CARLOAD each of Baumeister and Smith
6 Barnes pianos Just put into our ware-
rooms. They are real beauties and worth
looking at. Cash or payments, and very lit-
tle of either will buy one. MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO., 763 Market- st. •
A FEW new pianos for $150: second-
hand from $30. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
15 0'Farrell st. Chickerlng and Vose Agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 170S Market »t.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song-Ji
per month— dirt cheap.
53 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO..' 560 Hayes st.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. 32* Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 2206 Fillmore it
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 1 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Manzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. SOS Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
righta at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and hew. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1.
on. y
MONTEREY CO. SNAP— Near San Ardo strlk»:
150 acres patented land at $35 per acre: worth
$1CO per acre on account of recent strike. H.
A. MARVIN. 232 Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg. ,
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
HT^JEROME^OsiE^LT^scllen^^
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary and Post, tel. Black 551.
PARTNERS WANTED.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
'. PATEATS AXD PESSIOA9.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. I>. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner biz.
PHVS1CIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
PR. C. C. O'DON^^ELL^Offlce and restdenc^
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Elll»-
§§!!| PERSOXALS. r
A ~2 I r>& ou £ h^J^"*"S^yoTa7e bald, call
"iiPK.'i- S - M °ORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy ts posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
J^™™ S V,P et J: ctlve T, Bureai1 - 127 Montgomery »C
room 21. phone Eush S3; charges reasonable.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE o- The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 3:30 p. m. ;
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. • "
fS3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIj Larkin street; open- until 9:30 p. ml
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m. , "
2Z61 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
tm.ll 9 p. rn.
1W> Eleventh street; open until S p. rn.
JOSC Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. ¦ *
MEETIXC XOTICES. '__
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. Al M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jfc
ING. April 2, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated V ]W
meeting and M. M. degree. By order n$7*
or the IT. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
COLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and *
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- J\
DAYj EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. l£5?
EPVVIX L. MEYER, Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1S6. F. and A. M.. n
121 Eddy Et.. meets THIS EVENING.
S o'clock. 1\J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. . «.
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _#V_
EVENING, at S o'clock. iLjK
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /V %
CALIFORNIA Council No. m**0BS*i t ¦>,
."30. National Union, meets
TO-NIGHT. Elks' Hall.
Sutter st. Initiation, re- ~
treshments and entertainment. Visitors cor-
dially welcomed.
TV*. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
CHAS. H. VAN ORDEN, Secretary.
DIVISION No. 2, A. O. H.— The regu- 4^*^
lar monthly meeting of this division l^vV'A
will be held At Hibernla Hall, 120 ijjMjf-
Nintli et., on TUESDAY. Aprir2. 1301. :\~\> jjj
at 7:30 p. m. Quarterly meeting; fines r 2HiBP
for non-attendance. JOHN KENNY,
T> L. CLANCY. Sec. President.
CAN FRANCISCO Butchers' W. P. ¦a?gfa3a
I'nioTi N> 115 will meet at the **<*££&&
Temple. 115 Turk st.. every TUES- ¦ rFTn
TjAY EVENING, at 8 o'clock share. By
order of F. W. SANDERSON, President.
HERMAN MAY. Rec. Sec.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Pacific Undertakers will be
held at 777 Mission St., on MONDAY, April
K. VJ)1, p.t 8:30 p..m.. for the election of di-
rectors for the balance of the ensuing term
¦ nd the transaction of such other business as
may come before it. Trans !er books will
close Friday, April 5, 1901. at 4 p. m.
' M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applicaticns to mine by the hydraulic
rrocrss from F. C. LeBlond and W. E. Olni-
nead, in the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Dpwnieville, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings Ili
Goodyear Creek: from Ah Lung, in the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co.. to de- .
posit tailings in Canyon Creek: from J. H
FWnner, in the Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
«am. Sierra Co . to deposit tailings in
Whiskey Creek: from J. W. Dempsey, in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Quincy, Piumas
Co.. to deposit tailings In Whiskey Creek.
«iid frctr. J. S. Carter and William Deal, in
¦the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek.
Piumas Co.. to deposit tailings in Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room C9, Flood building, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April la. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXT5 WAXTED.
$3nO TO $500 a month— Selling new patent brake
right to mechanics; positive propf; territory
«ne-fourth value: no fakers; three days only.
E. L. RICHARDS. Winchester Hotel.
EXHEKIENCEP Insurance apents. Call at
room 101. 9S7 Market St.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Agents in each city; good money.
Pacific Coast M. fc L. Co.. 460 Sth. Oakland.
SOLICITORS. male or' female, 50 per cent
commission. 327 Hayes st. •
ASFHALTUM HOOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
T»»1red: ro**«l. USS Mission: tel. FoIboiti :607.
ASTROLOGY.
Eciontifc teacher of astrology: horoscopes com-
plete.50c &S1. Mrs.Pr.Smlth. 1007»/g Market.r.12.
ATTORMSYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.'
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections: damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. S92 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. XV.
XV. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma L'preckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free- no fees In advance.
ULSI.MiS? «J11ANCI£S.
A-J1SC0; DELICACY and provision store; 1
block from Market st. ; daily receipts from
$35 to $40; a first-class, paving business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26',^ Kearny st.
A— $1800; SALOON in whosesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
ceipts $20; good business; 'owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILIvE. 26^4 Kearny. :
A — $630; SALOON, corner; only ope block S. of
Market st. ; net rent $35; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kear- :
' ny tt. ¦ ./..'. - )
A— $500; DAIRY produce and coffee and tea
store, vrith 2 living rooms; rent .$20; very
best location, McAllister st., and good pay-
ing: death cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE,' 26'i Kearny st.
A— H0O; BRANCH bakery anil stationery store;
5 living rooms; rent $20; dally receipts $12;
rare and splendid chance. R. G. WILKE,
26>i Kearny ft.
A— $1850; CORNER grocery and bar. on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
established ¦ and first-class paying business, I
with large stock; rare chance. Call R G, I
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny Et. *
A— $400; -RESTAURANT; choicest location:
close to Palace Hotel; rent $30; g'ood paving
business. Call E. G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny.
A RAItE change— Old-established flower store,
with nursery, including hothouses, boiler,
liorsee. wagons, plants and trees of all de-
scriptions; location heart of the city; estab-
lished 8 years; first-class, paying establish-
ment; lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 ] ,4 Kearny.
A— $300: RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
$1S; good paying. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny. j
GROCEKY AND BAR— Good downtown oorner;
ftcre and Z rooms; rent J25; dally sales $12:
other bush-ess cause of selling ; price reduced
to %*Z0.
PARTNER WANTED Jr. a general roer-
chanoise store; large stock;. paying business;
capital SC306. . -
HAIftDRESSING PARLOR; paying busi-
¦teae; a bargain at $100.
RESTAURANT — Closed on account of elck-
r.ers; good location for man and wife; v.iU
rent furnished or pell at sacrifice; $200.
CIGAR STORE— Sickness necessitates an
immediate sale: daily average fib; downtown
location; j>riee $C50.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., opposite Mason.
JlOOO— HALF interest grocery and bar; estab-
lished la years; good location; cheap rent:
retiring partner sells only account other bus-
iness; remaining partner responsible man;
value in sight. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market.
J7E0— HALF interest: corner saloon; elegant
fixtures; daily receipts $20 to $30: chance in
lifetime. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
$1600— GROCERY & bar; old established; cheap
rer.t ; No. 1 stock & fixtures; choice location;
full Investigation solicited: value In sight.
LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market, and 9 Ellis.
C. ANTHONY & CO., 753 Market st
, Phone Black 4071
...Money loaned on legitimate propositions...
List your business with us
We sell for cash
tVXS— Bakery; Western Addition.
$27f>-^Branch bakery; near school ;...
$7MI — Butcher shop: Mission: horse, wagon...
$400 — Candy. Ice cream parlor; leading street..
$250 — Cigar stand; wholesale district
FPECIAL NOTICE— We have several eicep-
tlonally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores; also restaurants, barber shops and
. *alocns. FISHER & CO.. 1C22 Market st.
TENDERS will be received for 2 days— on the
dollar— A snap for email capital; dry goods
»nd gent's furnishing stock in good order;
business established 16 years; on Market et.;
proprietor retiring account ill-health; terms
cash. John Elder Co., Rental Bureau, 22 Krny.
10" CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
SOO candy and icecream stores. 500 restaurants.
POO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited.
• WALTER HAYES & CO., «S Market St.
S1800 — WINE and liquor store; transfer corner;
retiring from business cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^i Market st.
A— S600: RESTAURANT: no better, location In
the city: this is positively worth over $1000.
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade. £!C Pine et.: phone Davis 326.
FOR PALE — Account ill health; general mer-
chandise store in thriving manufacturing
renter: 25 miles- lrom San Francisco; $3500 or
by invoice. Call bos 27S3, Call.
FOR sale— Sacrifice account inness.good-paying
established country hotel. Owner, box 2S33,Call
$2<'0- r GOOb-PAYING laundry" route, with horse
sad wagon. ¦ Box 2715, Call office.
TAILOR business cheap; 2- machines: cloth
end trimmings: everything to live with; rent
cheap: retiring from business; price $40.. 622
Stanyan 1st., near Haight.
CHOICE corner saloon; pood location; paying
business. NE. corner Seventh and Folsom.Street Enlivened by the Encounter
. -and"" One of "th* Participants Is;
in a Hospital. " ' *
CHEYENNE, ; Wyo.,' 'April 1.— Carrie
Martin and Fannie Brown, colored/fought
a duel In" the street this evening. Razors
were? used and both women were badly
cut. One is in the, hospital and the other
in jail. The Brown woman had supplant
ed Carrie in the. affections of a hotel por
ter and the latter swore, she would cut
Fannie' s heart out.
, ¦.. • ¦¦•. r ; — ?
Canada's Census Taking Begins.
OTTAWA, Ont., April 1.— The work of
taking the census throughout Canada
was begun to-day. The population is to
be recorded as it was yesterday, the de
cisive hour of reckoning. being 12 o'clock
midnight, so that every one born before
that hour and every one dying after it are
to be counted in the population. An army
of some 9024 officials "will be employed,
and it is expected all schedules will be re
turned to the census office by the end of
this month. ¦¦¦•¦¦- ¦ ¦• ¦ '¦¦¦¦¦
Man Whose Name Was Coupled With
That of Langtry Arrives in ,
. South Dakota. :
SIOUX FALLS, S. D.,, April 1 1.— Fred
Gebhardt, who gained world-wide notori
ety a few., years ago through. doupling his
name with that of Mrs. Lan&try. arrived
here yesterday, accompanied by his valet
and eleven trunks. He states that he
came here on business, but there is no
question that the real purpose of his com
ing is to acquire a residence so he can
begin proceedings for divorce from his
wife, a former belle of Baltimore, whom
he married about five years, ago. ,
I : • ¦ '.';•'¦. *• ¦ ¦ • ""• - .- •'
NEGRO WOMEN. FIGHT
A DUEL WITH RAZORS
GEBHABDT IS SEEKING ¦ '
"'•> DIVORCE, SAYS RUMOB
mons That Nearly Five Hundred
Men Have Mutinied. -
" LONDON, April 1.— In the House, of
Commons to-day the Colonial Secretary,
Mr. Chamberlain, confirming the dispatch
from Accra, Gold Coast Colony, announc
ing 1 that a -number of men belonging to
the British West African regiment who
deserted at Kumassi had marched, armed,
to Cape Coast Castle, where it was' feared
they would loot the town, said that 'be-*
tween 400 and 500 men of the "West African
regiment had mutinied because they, had
not been returned to Sierra Leone at the
time they understood they would be sent
home... ' . : • ' > ¦¦•¦•.-¦"
C-amberlain Tells the House of Com-
WEST AFBICAlSn FIGHTEBS
- LEAVE BRITISH FORCES
The case ' referred to. In the dispatch
from London has been known as trie King
versus Cockerton. It was an appeal by
William H. J.: Scott Lidgett and
George- Sepmnus -Warmington from the
judgment ¦ of the Divisional »Court. . The
London School Board was the real appel
lant, and the case raised the very im
portant question- -whether the School
Board was justified ta paying out of the
funds raised bf rates the expenses of the
science and; art classes in- the day schools
and evening continuation schools. • ~
The: local government board auditor ap
pointed, to audit the .accounts- of the
School Board for the half-year ended Sep
tember '29, 1S98, had disallowed and sur
charged three separate sums which had
been expended upon the maintenance ¦ of
classes registered i under : the science and
art' department. A rule for a certiorari
to bring up and quash the certificates of
the auditor disallowing and surcharging
these three sums had been obtained at the
instance of the appellants, --who are mem
bers of the School ¦ Board of London, and
upon each of whom one of thethree sums
in question had been surcharged. For the
purposes of the argument of the rule the
facts were- stated- in the'form of a special
case, pursuant to an - order of the court
dated January 31, 1900.
.LONDON,; April l.-The Appeal Court
has .upheld the decision of the Divisional
Court declaring that the School Board
was not justified in providing for science
and art. classes out of -the School Board
rates, and that the Auditor was justified
in disallowing . payments therefor. -:',
Board No,t Justified in ; Authorizing
Payment for Science- and Art
¦? Classes Out of the Ordi
nary iFunds. -.
Appeal Tribunal Renders an
Important Decision ") r*
;- : \ : ~S: ' in London: ;.
COURT SETTLES
SCHOOL DISPUTE
Turkish \ Military>Vesssl . Meets With
---"; Disaster Near a Maritime Town
; in Arabia. '.¦¦
¦ JIDDAH. Arabia, April L*— The Turkish
transport -'Asian', has « been 'wrecked • near
Yembo. x Twenty soldiers were drownel.
lomatists Become Nervous Dur- •
ing . a : Lively . Shake-Up. ¥f^
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 1.—Yester
day's earthquake was felt in the Dolm.3
bagtsche Palace \ at the moment of the
Bairan > ceremony,. when the " high 'officials
were; passing before ihe Sultan's .'throne.
A- panic 1 resulted, particularly . amang the
diplomatists . in' the ~ gallery, many of
whom' immediately left ¦. the palace. -Tho
band, ceased playing, 'and the musicians
rushed to the doors. Pieces of plaster
fell from the celling and portions of the
chandeliers were broken, adding to the
general alarm: i-tf:-^. ¦"¦¦-."?:''
: The ¦ • Sultan : rose from his throne • and
took a few steps, apparently intending to
leave the chamber, but he preserved great
calmness and presence of mind, which had
a good' effect. r After a" moment's hesita
tion his Majesty reseated -; himself • upon
the throne and ordered the ceremony to
proceed. - A" reception .followed, without
further incident. .
.TWKHTY- SOLDIERS ;LOST
•in wreck; oe transport'
Plaster Falls From (Jailing and Dip-
EARTHQUAKE DISTURBS r
' THE SULTAN'S CEREMONY
NEW' YORK, April 1.— The Commercial
Advertiser /says: ¦ A semi-official ai:-.
nouricement was made to-dav that - . the
Lehlgh Valley railroad had been turned
over to . the Philadelphia and Readins
Company arid will hereafter form part of
the Reading: system, which also Includes
the Jersey Central Railrcad. . ,
-j.- P. "Morgan has been the dominating
influence in Lehigh Valley affairs for sev
eral years, but it. was only recently that
he came Into full control of the property.
THls control he Is said to have secured by
the purchase of the Lehigh Valley shares
held by the . Asa Packer estate. At the
time of that transaction a report obtained
credence in Wall street that the Lehieh
Valley road would be madi* part of. the
Erie system. ¦ .. . ,
The absorption of the .Lehigh Valley by
the Reading system restores the tri
partite combination which' was made by
Archibald McLeod about ten yeara ago
when he -undertook to amalgamate the
Reading, Jersey Centrai and Lehljrh Val
ley railroads. This combination proved too
unwieldly at that time. .
Announcement Is Made That the Line
Will Hereaf tsr Be Faft of the
¦ Reading System:
I.EHIGH VALLEY ROAD
TO HAVE - NEW OWNERS
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
Geo Stetson, ! Portland Jas Bourke, Denver
Miss M Quinn. Reno Capt Kelly.UST Logan
H Cockburn.N Orleans Mrs W Watklns, Mich
Chas HSell. Kans Cty B W Meachen. Corning
L • Stougal, England ' ¦ J3 Robinson, wf & da,
J Stougal, Liv.Englnd Reno, Nev ¦ ..>
JV Chinn, Portland. Joe Johnson, N Y City
J M Hayden, G Rapids J T Walt, Pt Richmnd
J McCarthy, Chicago < A Tugnere, : Benlcia
3 Georgey, Chicago '• : Jose T Perora, Benicla
Jas Mulroy, Cal , ' . '. . : V :
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
V ¦ . ; . ¦ GRAND : HOTEL. ' •' . ! ..
2 H Boynton, Ferndale E ' Hughes. : . Portland ¦
B Dovey & w, Arcata J A Hunter. N Y
B H Vance. ' Eureka ; ,VV B Grace,- U:S A
N EUery, Eureka ¦ JD Matthews/Ariz .
R T Nlckerson, Sonoma 0 D Weede, N Y »
Mrs E Reading, Kans D A Shattuck. Fresno
Mrs J E Reading,. Cal G M Fontaine. .S Jose
Mrs J C Simms. Ind L Fontaine. San Jose •
B L Weber, Napa S A' Butler. Sacto'
Mrs P Shannon, L Ang H Berges, NY
Mrs S P Malcolm. S O Y Woodward & w,
¦ Vallejo ' • Woodward i Isle
W J McDonald, Boca E Peterson, N Y • "
J MacBain & w, Menlo J I McDonald, N Y"-
B M Rohr, Sta Rosa ' H J Waterson, N Y
G F'Pashley, NY *, . VV J Haley, Sacto
E R Reed. Bksfleld - A J Booth, NY.
A M Allen, Chicago R S Knox. Va
H H Hunter. S Jose A Gover, Del • " •¦
G Bancroft, Cincinnati M Sears & w. TJ S N
C L Welkler, Sacto P T B Jones. I4 Ang
W S Pitkln & w. CLDu Pont Syle &
Wash, DC w, Berkeley
JT Heffermann, W'Va Miss Syle,- Berkeley
F C Doyle. Mich L. P Burder &'w. Mo
J N Gregg, R Bluff. M J Silvia, Cal !
J C Kaufmann, Or" C G Llttlefleld, Boston
A Ward, Butte — •¦ H-J Seymour, -Sacto
Dr'F J Ball & w. Or T Knox. Wash, D C .
Mrs G Zipf. Boise W C Jones. Wash, D C
Mr» D A McCord, Or
PALACE HOTEL.
R D Stephens, Sacto. Mrs O H Owen.Wis
Dr W A Hendryx, LA W T Stelfel, W Va
R D Pike, N Y . ¦ . P Schulz & son, Colo
Miss C .Dlxon, Sacto R E Jack S L Oblspo
M M McKinley, Scotld C P Weston & w. Va
H B Wood'&w, S Jose Miss M L - Vaughn, NY
G W Robinson Jr. N J Mrs B Tucker. NY
J-A Penn, US A C Higgins, •* Y . .
G R Patton, San Jose J Mayberry, NY
L H Adams, N Y .. C A Ke'ddell, N Y
H J Small, Sacto.. Mrs T Hlxon, Wls
Miss Small, Sacto • F Spellacy, Bakersfield
E A Eames. Sacto R D Grant & w, Utah
G M Flnnell, Paris I E Levi, NY.'
H P Shinn &. w. Wash Miss Swensburg, Neb
Mrs J. Sloper, Chicago Mrs C Thorne. Tacoma
Miss Sloper, Chicago H B Caldwell & w,
H Groffs & w, Texas Tacoma-
W G Kerckhoff & w, F E • Marshall & w,
Los Angeles ' ¦ St Louis
Mrs A A Smith, NY 9 T Berry, Los Ang .
G R Smith, NY W Walling, Chicago
E C Smith, NY- MJss Walling, Chicago
Mrs G M Ingersoll.N Y A Meyers & w, Canada
NY ¦ C Macfarlane, Chicago
F Cox _ w. Arias C H Emerson, Wash
E Buckingham, Ill J Jonsen Jr, Fresno
Miss Buckingham. : 111; F R Anson, Or •
Mrs Ellis, Monti ¦ C S Crysler & w.Mont
W Hardie & w, Ohio Miss Teave,- Mont
Miss Hardle/ Ohio J M Engler, 111
JD Standish & w.Mlch J T Rader. Ohio
Miss Standish. Mich C S Stadleman, NY
E A Turner & w, 111 W T Judson, N Y -
Miss F Turner, 111 - DTE Casteel, W Va.
G • H Doran, Chicago TEC Jonson, Boston
O C Hansen & w, Wls
HESAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL V, 1901.
11
' BOKN.
McGLEW-In this' city, March 21, 1901, to the
wife of J.. B. McGlew, a son.
NICHOLL— In this city. April 1, : 1901, . to the
wife of John B. Nlcholl, a daughter..
STELLING— In this city, March 22, 1901, to the
wife of Bart Stelling, a son. '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
COOPER— SIMON— In this city, March 24, 1901,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel' Coot>er of
.Tientsin, , China, and Annie Simon of this
city. ¦ • ' : . ; ; ¦;"•¦- - .
MALINGER — WAXSTOCK — In ?his city,
March 24, 1901... by the Rev. M. S.- Levy, Isi-
¦dor Malinger and Rose Waxstock, both of
i this city. ..\
OLSEN-KOLVIG-In this city, March 30, 1901,
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Gudmund Olsen
and Karen Kolvisr.
OSBORNE— JOSEPH— In this city, March ¦ 20.
1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Isaac Arthur
Osborne and Pauline Joseph/ both of -this
city. ,
ROSENBACH— APPLBTON — In this city,
March 31. 1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Max
.Rosenbach and Nettie Appleton, both of this
city.
MARRIED.
PERSOXALS — Contlniicd.
THE^ilcrobane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary St.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
drufT- Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all "cases:
we also remove superfluous hair: call and see
us. Mlcrobane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st.
~S10» REWARD offered by the New York Der-
matologists to any oae whose wrinkles or
freckles return after their treatment; trial
treatment free to callers. 105 Ellis Bt.. S. F.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up: ele-
pant o'vercoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth. '
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 EO per night; $1 BO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FA NTS. $2: suits. $6 75. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny ct.. near Pine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, eingle. three-quarter
or double. $2 _. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1320-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
BCKOOL to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
J_<3ies* & rents' cast-oft* clothing bought —
eold. J. SUverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
OLD gold, silver, diamond! and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market ft.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girt
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
/LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO., 245 Ellli; tel. Red 13CS.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" efflce. 1021 Market et.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 738 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
% WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
< t pages. ',:i wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
ALL Genuine Bargains in This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
11400— A cozy home; only % cash. -
11600— Four email flats; all rented for $30;
H cash.
t^S'j'j— Two splendid flats; . rented $23; near
Sixth. - .
$2500— Nice 7-room house; Capp at; mortgage
$irno.
$7000— J>avenworth st: two modern 7-room
fiats: lot 30x137:6 feet: a bargain.
$7750— Splendid in\-estm ent; near Van Ness
ave.: rents $81: all rented.
$12,500— Leavenworth st; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front.
$14,000— Thre« elegant flats; rents $150; all
rented; Vi cash: must cell.
$15.000— Sansome et.: 46-foot front; rents $S0.
$16.000— Ellis et.. with good Improvements;
lot £5x137 feet; near Fra—kliri st
$18,000— Howard st.; downtown; fine 4-Btory
and basement building; rents $125.
S1S.500— Cheap at f22.O00; 8 modern flats:
rents $170.
$2$,000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $250.
$30,000— Mission st., north side; 45-foot front;
murt sell: east of First st.
$40.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.: 137rfxl37.C;
rent* $240. ' ' ' '
$55,OOO-Grand corner; 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net
$75,000— Grand corner: 60-foot front; within
block of Tlvoll; old improvement* ; rents $400..
$140,000— MisElon-ct. corner, close to water
front; fine brick building; 1 tenant; rent about
$S00: lot 100x128 feet
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
quick sale; 4 rooms aiid stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city: cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance: part cash. Call Immediately on H.
W. DAVIS. 415 Twer.ty-nLnth. nr. Sanchez.
CHEAP— House and lot, 56 ft front, concrete
wall, iron railings. 7 rooms, bath, laundry,
barn, chicken yard, lawn: most healthy and
pleasant location In S. F. ; further particu-
lars inquire of L L. MERRELL, 22 Vlcks-
burg st.
$4300— A SNAP; north ride Harrison 6t. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth; two 2-etory houses
of 6 rooms and bath each; rents $43; bank
will loan $3000 at 6 per cent Apply R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room 3. ¦¦;,¦.
A SNAP— $3000 will buy lot 125x250 fronting on
3 streets; one block from powerhouse Box
2776, Call office.
j;too— 6-ROOM houses, on easy terms: up-to-
date In every particular; Elizabeth, ; near
Douglas*. J. ANDERSON, owner. - —
A BARGAIN — $2500; two 6-room houses; etrlct-
ly ui>-to-date; just completed; easy ¦ terms.
"Builder," 9 A Chattanooga Bt, near 21st
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. £30 California.
MOBESN cottages and fiats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. EALSBURY.
builder: office 13S3 Market st .
ly you have lots to eell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. »30 California gt.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR eale In Contra Costa County— 90 acres;
an attractive country home, highly Improved
end productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house, 6 rooms and bath;
email house for workmen and two line barnt;
out buildings: there are 4800 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
simmons, plume, apples, olive and fig: trees
eight years old and In full bearing; abund-
ance cf shade trees. ¦»* :. ".-r*."— ¦
There are several natural springs, also well
end tank cf 10.000 gallons, which supplies
house and grounds; also -a live creek. It is
situated not far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms. $5000 cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for t years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good city
cr Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call en EDWIN W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery St.. city.
11000— 8-ACRE model poultry farm; adjoins
town; nice D-room cottage: barn; all rich
testable and grain land; a snap.
13C00— 120-acre model farm: near San Jose:
all under cultivation; grain and fruit; nice
house, barn; 100 fruit trees: only Vt cash.
Apply A. M. SPECK &. CO.. 667 Market St
BUY In Napa County; no drouths, . no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy "Ngpa Countv Viticulturist" THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St Helena. Cal.
FOR RENT— About 5 acres land, rood barn. 7-
f-tcry house, fnshd or net; also saloon & bar-
ber shop. H. M. Le Baron. Valley Ford. Cal.
BARGAIN— For sale or lease. 4% acres : near
Ran Mateo; rood eoil; level; improvement-.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church gt
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. by Call building,
pells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc
Printed lists of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
2113 CLEMENT ave.— Six rooms and bath; rent
$15. Apply 131S Larkln st. San Fran.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— III8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, $7 monthly; 4-room cottage: good
well of water, email barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 75xXfO; picket fenced; excel-
lent sotl; charming view; best climate; near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
moid echoolhouse; away from cold winds and
fcg; 90 families have located here within 3
years; price, all told. $S50. Call or send for
circular. 4.*>5 Seventh St., Broadway Station,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$^5— LOT In Lorin; 300 feet from station on
Berkeley local, giving & half-hour service to
fian Francisco, same time to city as from 7th |
end Broadway Oakland: this lot mufct be j
gold. A. J. SNYDER. <67 Nlnth'st.. Oakland, j
$•-•000— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
eve. : 8 rooms and bath; modern; lot j0x12».
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
E.LEGANT corner lot. 135x100: $GSOO. with Im-
provements; modern house; larg« barn, beau-
tiful fiower carden: San Pablo-ave. cars pass
floor: cor. 24th Ft. See owner on premises.
O1KLAKD FtRMTCRE KOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furr. ture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
flO-OAKLAND ' corner store, with S living j
rooms; large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th flocr MIlis bldg.. j
S. F., or A. J. Snyder. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
$*— OAKLAND cottages, 4 roome, bath, base-
ment, large- lot. city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F..
«¦ A. J. SXYDER, 4C7 Ninth st, Oakland, j
BERKELE V AD V RRT1SEMENTS
THE PLEASAN-TOxI^A'nrstrclass hostelry~for
those wishing to spend a few months , in
Berkeley fiuring the summer season ; rooms
en suite or single. For prices, etc. t address
The Pleasanton. 2632 Durant ave., Berkeley.
ROO31S FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
BARTLETT.S69 (Mission warm belt)— bedroom.
kitchen & bathifurn: hkpg.; email garden. •
DEVISADERO, 2018, cor. Sacramento— 3 or I
partly furnished rooms for , light houscRpg.
FIFTH. 2S3— Two furnished housekeeping, with
etore; also one. (T; two single, $5 month.
FOLSOM, S34— Sunny 'front bay-window room
and kitchen, bath, private, $12; also one $6.
FULTON. 671—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $13. > : .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms; gas range; running water. -
GUERRERO, 306— Furnished bedroom and par-
lor; piano; kitchen; porch; $16; whole flat, $20.
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished com-
plete; also larger rpom. $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD. 170$-Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen for housekeeping.
MOSS, 86, oft Howard,- near Seventh— Three
sunny housekeeping; rooms. •
OAK, 123— 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping 1 .
JESSIE, 433— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; also single. '
6TEINER, 1814, between Bush and Sutter—
. Large sunny furnished rocm for 1 or 2;
modern improvements; cheap rent.
STEVENSON/ E37%— 2 furniEUed light house-
keeping- rtvjms, $10 month; single, $3 60.
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms. ;
TEHASIA, 707— Three connecting furnished
housekeeping- rooms; also single.
TURK, 613—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10; also unfurnished rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established t at 1093
Valencia fit. ' " ' ¦ >
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and tnfnrn.
ARGYLE. The (Just finished), McAllister st7
opp. City Hall Park— Select parties with ref-
erences are respectfully Invited to inspect
above premises; sunny suites, with or with-
out baths; also single roome; electric light;
elevator all night; 6team heated; finest read-
ing-room in the city on lower floor; liveried
callboys in attendance; every room tasty and
elegantly furnished; moderate prices; rooms
¦ ehown - in the evening. . . .. -." - ,
~" ROOMS ' -'¦ ' ' ¦ TO LET.
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
- rlshed, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, gee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. a Kearny St.. tei. 2334 Red. .
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to tl per night; ?1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
A— SUTTER. '*17, near Taylor; very, choice for
business or home; reasonable; please investi-
gate. ¦ ¦ ¦
BIRCH ave., 617%— 3 unfurnished rooms to
let; $8. .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, Eingle; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny single and double
housekeeping rooms to let; from $6 up.
EDDY. 872— Beautiful euite. $25; others grandly
furnished; rms. must be seen to be appreciated
ELLIS, 18— Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
Elnjrle rooms; by the day, week or month;
bath and phone.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FILBERT, 1219— Large front room; closet; fine
location; garden; half-block Hyde-st. cable-
cars; furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 425',4, near Octavla— Nice - furnished
front room; sunny yard; private; $3 50.
GROVE, 609%— Nicely lurnished room; rent
reasonable. * . . .
IVY ave.. 217, near Hayes and Franklin— Pleas-
ant two- window furnished front room;, pri-
vate; $4 50. ¦¦
MARKET. 1049A (The Robinson)— Furnished
- suites or Eingle; reasonable. - Tel. Howard 10S.
MARKET. 1055, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: bath. •
MINNA, 262. near Fourth— Fcr rent, nice fur-
nished front parlor, also small room, by pri-
vate family. -. • - '¦ i
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 561. near Second— Large front room;
suitable for two gentlemen.
MOSS, 24%, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms;
good yard and water; rent $9. > .
•NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House, 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
eight, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., nr.
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Furnished front room; bath;
$3 60 month. ' ¦ ¦ -
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
eingle rooms; running water; transient..
TWELFTH, 111— Well-furnished and sunny
room In private family; use of bath.
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
VAN NESS ave., 1000— A large sunny alcove
for 2 gentlemen or couple: other front rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦• received at "Call- branch office. 2800 Flllmore.
A BRANCH nfflcetor.Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptlons has been established at 10D3
Valencia Et. ' ¦
ROOMS AJf D BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good t.\ble. at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
SPECIAL K OTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps ¦ for particulars ; "Relief ¦ for
In letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter -of how long
standing. 1628 Devisaderost.. near Sutter.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market. St.— La -
dies during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-19: tel. E5S0.
CHOICE rubber lands in Mexico. For descrip-
tion, price and terms address box 2S03. Call.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold nnd repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought.' sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: ronucefi r»t«>«. 143 tth: phone Mints.
SHOW CARDS ASP POSTERS.
EHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103; phone Folsom 1569. .
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH - Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts\: tel. Main 5713.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission it.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage* and v Furniture Moving Cor*^
puny. 2?20 FUlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
glon gt.: tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSB.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EAT^ARGA^^ItN^YplEW^ITERi-We
pell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. Ktt California: telephone Main 266.
~~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND " notice — The Giant Powder - Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 2S. of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the issued capl-
¦ tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at . the office' of the ' company. _ 430
California .«_."." San Francisco, on April 10.
1S01 Transfer books olo«e April 3.* 1901.. at
•coon. A. A. SPARKS, Secrcta— ,
° ¦ o
IllKETHE I
I WHIRLWIND ¦ 1
o . o
0 o
1 You go on the '£•
I CALIFORNIA I
% LIMITED
Z but you ride gently 3
I . as the breeze' 3
>=> San Francisco 3
£ to Chicago 3
* In 75 hours 3
Jo on the e|
I SANTA F£ 1
ya o
F 'Leaves San Francisco «
S . at 9.00 a. m. dally. I
OULflJUUlft 9 SL fl_ffJU?.g_R. 9- 9 J?_ff_0Ag P $3
SOUTHERN PAOIFEO.
¦ «*m ntAK*:!***:**."*'*
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Uavx — From March 31, 1901. — axkiti
TsSOABenida, »uisuu, Khnir*. VacaTiJle,
-> ' ¦' Kuciaey and buerimento 7:53f
.' ?:30a DtTis, Woodland, KoighU Landing,
M»iys?ille. UrotllSe. 7:S5r
' 7:3Oa Atlantic Kxpreaa— Ocdeu aad E«at 12:A3r
SiOu a Mmrtinex. Hau lUiimn, Vallejo. Nap*.
OaliRtoja ami H»ut» Kom «:33r
8:00a Li»«riuor?, Stockton, Hanford, Viaa-
lia, torrenille 4:21?
9:00a Jlilvii. LatluMp, Merced, ftemo, C*.
k-rs3.M 4sSS»
R:3Ua ShuU Express— Davis, "Williama (for
Bwtlett Sprlnca), Willows, Sea
Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
• i30* San .luge, l.ifermore, Stockton, ,,/i.
lune, S:ierani(!iij«, riacerdUs,
M»rrs«Ilt«. Cbico. Keil lilii.T 4i25r
Hi3Oa OakiUie, Chinese. Suunn, Csrten... 4:S3r
0:<M»a lUjwsr.ls. NUes%u4 W»j Station*. 1Ix33a
ViUOa Los Auselea ElyreM — Marllnfo, - ¦
Tracy, Uitlirop, ntocktou, Merced
Fresno »iul Los Anso!e« 7iSSi
Oi-.Ui.K Vnll..ji.. AUrtim-z ami War SUilo.u 5i.13r
1O:OOa. The OrerUntl Limited — Ogdeu. Don*
ver, Omaha. Chisaan 6:33p
fl:flOr Sacramento i:irerML«>»mers t3:On\
S;3t>r Hajvardu, N'ien »uil Way KUtiOM. 7:33p
SsSurPortCojta. Mirtimz Byron, Stock-
ton. Lodi 10.33a
4i««r lieuieia. Winters. 8aera:uento.
Wootllaml, KnUti I—ndlng. >
MiryKTillc. Orofllla IO:SSa
4:00r MartiiiM, Him Uainon, Tallajo,
NVpa, UuliKioKit. .ShiiU Itosa ViSSa
¦«:OOpNi'e5, Lirerniore, Stockton. Loili,
Me.-eed. Fresno TsSSp
4:3<>r Hty— urda. MIe.% San Juae, ii«rir.ore fS:33A
>:U«P Xlie Owl Limited— Tricy. Stockwn.
fresuo, n*kvnSel<l,' bangiM (or .
Santa harbrra, Load ugelcs 8:35\
OtOOp Ilayvrarus, Miles and Hau Jose ~:35»
yOiOlle Vallejo I I:.t5«
a i o»r Oriental Mail— Ojileu. Cheyenne,
Ooiahs, Cbicogo 12:»1f
CiOOr Orieotal Mail— Ogdeo, Denter,
OmabR. Ghictffo 4t2it
7>00p Oregon ami California ICx;>rHm,Niio-
, . »mmiti>. Miirysillle. ItuiMliiK.
ViirMunil. I'ligek Hf> I an<l Kaak ' S»B8a
Hi«.frSan Pib'o, P>>r» (.Viu, Mirtlaas
«nd W*r HUtious HiMa
_ lH:03r Vullrjo 7;33f
COAST _IN._ <X«rro.T UaiiKe).
¦ (t'ootot M.irkgt Street.)
*:liiANenr_k,t,VntKrfill«,rtai>.lo8e,Foltoii,
Iioti!iler Creelr, .S&nta Cruz and Way
BtntiMiia...... •>«»»
fStlSr Newark, Oentervillv. San .lose. New- . /
Aluiailen, F»it->n. Boulder Crae'*.
Santa dux au-.l l'rincipal War
Station* : flOiBOA
4:l.tp Newark, Han Jo*a, I,oh Gatos 8s.10a
' a'J:30p Hnbten' Kxsurjion, Ban Joso and
Way8t»tiona t~**°r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
/ram 811 raiSCISCO-root of Kukri Street (Slip S)— , .
. t7:lS . 9:00 11:00a. K. ' 1:03 3:00 5:lSr.«.
from 01 Hi ID— rstl •( Brud »• j. — f rt :00 id:0O , t3:0 J
10:00 k.u. 12:03 2:03 i:SJr.M.
COAST LINE (Bro«il ««brb).
(ThlrJ and Townaen.l Six.) .
t«: I «>A Ocean Vioir. .South Mau Franeisco.. i»-.:i»r
*:O»i San J<»e ami Way StiiUims l»:i»p.
/7:oi»i New Alma ;lwi.,.. / I:SOj
MiOOa Coast Line Limited, Han Joir.Gfiror. ,
Siitiiias, Wso Kobles, S.n Lulg ¦
Obi.tpo, Louipoc, Santa Bsrbira.
Los Angeles 10»43»
0>3Oa Sail Juee. Ties I'iinm. RaiiU flrux.
Pnciiin (Jnire anil Principal Inter-
mediate .Stations j 7>3or
I itaOA Sail Jose and Way .Stations Bi30r
t_:43p San Mateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Sauta Clara. .San .lose.
— --Tret Pinos. .Sai«U Crux, Salinsa,
Monterey and 1'noilio Gtots flO:43» .
f.1::t»p Han Jose and War SUtlons 6:3»a
f4:l-%r San Jose and Principal Way SUtlons 0:42*
ff-l:13? Sa»aet liraitad— El Pmo, New Or-
leans ard East « Io:1Sa
|3:00r S*n Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 19:05*
S:3Ap Sau.lose ami Principal Way Statious 8:3Oa
¦:3Op fian Jose and Way Station*.... . ?»!««»
7:OOr Nev Orleans Eiprem, San Joso,
S »nt* Barbara. Loa Angeles, J> m- _ . __ ".
ing. El Pino., New Orleans tndlUit T.OOA
7:0Ot Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Giot» ,. .__
Loaipoo sPiJrS.
all:«p San June ami Way Stations 7:«tOP
A for Morning. J" for Afternoon.
t "iiiwlay excepted. t only.
a WedoesdaTS. / TassJays and Tridays-
i:Biuil«ji a Saturday only.
-CALIF3BII& ¦ HORTHVESTEBI RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Frnnciiico to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:<». 11:00 a. m .; 13:35, 3:J9.
6:10. 6:30 p. m - Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:30»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:SO and
11:30 p.. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9^0. 11:08 a. m.: 1:30. ISO.
5:00. 8:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Fraaeisc*.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20, U:10 a. ro.; 12:43.
3M0, 5:10 p. m . Saturdays—Extra trip" at 1:55
and 6:35 p. ra. . „, • _
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 1:40, 11:10 a. m .', l:40» J:«,
¦ ¦ 5iQ5, 6; 25 p» ITU " ¦ * .
( Between San Francisco and Schnetaen Par^.
same schedule as above. | (
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
gan Francisca IXov. 7. 13C0-1 San Franclaeo.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- |.~»k
Days. I days. ( Destination. ! days. | Days.
i 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 8:30 am Petaluma. 8:0o pm 10:2» am
, 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:Z3 pm
; Fulton. I
" 7:30 am Windsor. ' ¦ 10:23 am
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm s:~pm
7:S0 amj g;00 ala | and ° yklah. I 7^5 pm| 6:M pm
7^0 am '. '¦ : 10:85 am
• 8:00 aan Guemeville. 7:35 pm _ '
8:30 pm <:22 P m
7:30 am 8:00 am . Sonoma I 9 J5 am 8:40 am
and ' |
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, | 6:05 pm 6:_ pm
7-30 ami 8-CO ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
. »!„ pml Iloo pm\ SebastopoL | 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for MarkWess
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AltrurU: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvJlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Laieport and BarUett
SDrings- at Ulclah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs." Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Witter
Springs! Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day' «. Riverside. Lierley's, Buckneirs.
Banhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal,
Wllletts, Laytonville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market st.. Chronicle balld-
tng - R- X RYAN,
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via Sans— to Ferry— Foot of Market St. ' ¦¦
lv. sin rnAM. an. aa<* man.
9:15 a.m.) xpv -T? r»AV <» 3:00 r.*.
1:45 P. M. [ .- WE *:K DAYS _. ,..*. p M
4:oop.x.) Stay over nightattheTAVEKK 1 10:35 a.m.
8^x>a. m.I -:•,-.- " - I 1:00 r.u.
10:00 a. m. ( srvruvs* stoor.jt
U:30>.H.f SUNDAYS
lMr.u.) I 5:55p.m.
Fare. San Franciscn to Summit and Return. $1 .10. -
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., _ Sansalito Ferry.
y^^h_ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary. /
¦flis.sr»__- 6_D KEAKST ST. Established
aSr^r^_a'" 1 * 3 * *<> r tlie treatment ot Crivata
MjJk_.'S_f Diseases. Ixwt Manbood. Debility of
ISt^S-WSa—iis'-asa wearing on bodrand mind ami
•SS^S^Ssicin Diseases. The rx>ctorcnre«whcii
o «hers fall. Try him. t:harges low.
£*>2___W__4:a~r'« tuiranlnd. Cn.ll or write.
»r. J. i". VIBBO.\, Sau Fraucuco, C_. _
SAN FRANCISCO, CaL, April 1, 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until. 11 o'clock a. m.. May 1. 1901,. and then
opened. . for construction of frame haspital
stewards' < quarters at • Fort McDorrell, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids, in whole or in. part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of -price and- quality (in-
cluding- in- the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of Ameiican
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required -by the public
.service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL. Assistant
- Quartermaster General,' Chief Q. M. .
PROPOSALS.
OCEAN TBAVEL'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
g>, ¦. V - Steamers . leave Broadway
hw — -wharf, San Francisco: • ¦»
f®J»»_.. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
ES^^K April 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 26, May
|M*rtLwak- 1. Change to company's
»A BSiSVWa steamers at Seattle.
EI&SlM For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
c ->' Port Townsend. Seattle.
f "*i_SrSU Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
• and New ""hatcoji (Wash.)—
, v . •: /^r~t-_ a . m ., April 1. 6, 11. 16. 21.
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to.N. P. Ry. r at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. Fcr Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April 3,
8,\13. IS. 23, 28, May 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles J— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
uco3. Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro . (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nita, Tuesdays, 9a.ni, .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia- and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ¦' ¦
- For further Information obtain company's
folders.. • - . ¦
The company resen'es the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
'DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
. From Spear-otreet Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC * 12 First Class Including Berth
rAllL $3 Second Clas3 \* and Meal*.
COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 3, 13, 23. May 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails... Apr. 8. IS. 28, May 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. i
E. C. "WARD, General Agent.
• ¦¦'-¦ - i Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
SrEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First nnd Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong "with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of-cailinjj.
S3. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday, April 9. 1901
: SS. NIPPON MARU .Friday. May 3. 1901
ES. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29, 1901
Round-trip- tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and. passage apply at, company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. -
¦-¦-• - W. H. AVERT. General Ag»nt
PANAMA ¦R.l(._sr w "
TO. NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, ?105: Steerage, ?40.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. Leelana— ' sails Saturday, April 20
S. S.Argyll sails . . jyionday, Hay 6
From Wharf, Harrison St., 2 p. m.
j Freight and passenger office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacllic Coast Agent.
AMERICAN L-^E-
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PASI3.
Stopplns at Cherbourg, westbound. ¦
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York. .April lOJNew York.. .. ....May 1
Vaderland .April 17 St. Paul......; May 8
St. Louis April 24lSt. Louis May 15
RED STAR LINE.;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon. .
Southwark April 10 IZeeland ..May 1
Westernland ...April 17 FrieSland .May 8
, Kensington .'...April 241 Southwark May 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
v -..- ¦ CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AWERICANA "E VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South. American ports. Sailing Lombard
wharf, 12 m. ¦ ¦ . - ,
AREQUIPA....Apr. 4IPERU ...'. Apr. —
UMARl Apr, 17|GUATEMALA .May —
• These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
DALFOTJR. GTJTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
BAILWAT TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl"d Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
: " Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla.. 4S0p 4:10 p 4:45 a
- Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a ........
" Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City; 2:41a 7:30 a „
'" Chicago .......... 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. -' ;
- 9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair. Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation - of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton "Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally. .
3:00 p. m. is the Overland. Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuta out at Fresno. Corre-
i eponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot,' San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
'______M_— __________________
CHIGAdO I
In LESS Mo"
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A/M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& Nqrth'Western Line
Y~,\OU r BLB Drarxing-T$pom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
'A-^\:, Cars, with barber. DiiingCars—
meals a I* carte. 'Daily Towist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-,
cursions every teeth from San Francisco'
at 6 p.m. Thebesl of evervthing.
¦i It. K. ' IttTCMlB '-'/: ¦--:' \-x ''
Q17 Market St. General Agent Poet fie Qxut
jpalacs Sold. BA2T FBAXCRCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
; :' - -¦ Via; Sausallto Ferry.
- •¦¦ -Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKY
• . '- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:15, 11:00 a.m., »1:43.
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. *6:15,-= 6:4/2 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill < Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. : Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
•SUNDAYS— •S:00.n0:00. m:30 a. m.. «l:15.
3:15. •4:45. 6:30. »:00.p. m. . - . ¦
¦-. -Trains marked (•) run . to Ean Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, m..
•12-30,- 1:45, *3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
• EXTRA • TRIPS on • ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20, *S:to. " «10:00,- »11:45 a. _.,
•1:40. *2:13. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. "
FROM MUX. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— 5:4S, - 6:43.. .7 .55. , 9:30 '__.,'
12:35, 2:l(f. 3:30, 4:54, 6:20 p. m.\.
EXTRA- TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15, 3:30.
5:00. 6:45 p. m. 1 * '" l %WjflBi3<Be_B6g
•;--.»?•¦•; . 'THROUGH TRAINS. .
'-:, 6:55 a. m. .week ¦ days— Cazadero - and way
stations. '"._*' I HM li't Ijjff lillill ''H'liffl III' _JM-t
1:43 p. m. Saturdays — Tomalea and way
stations. . ¦ . ¦ - -- ' .'¦¦¦:
8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way «ta-
,tlons.. ¦ /
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, 'April 1, 1901:
Notice— Certain goods remaining one year in
' bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States Appraiser's store,
on the 24th of April, 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogues can be had at the
Custom-house on April 18, 1901, or at time
and place of sale. F. S. STRATTON, Col-
, lector. . . j , • • • . • ;¦
i IT" 'Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral ¦ this day
¦ r <TuesdayV, •- «.t 2 p' clock, - from i his late . resi-
dence, -633 street, between Pierce and
Scott. Interment Laurel Hill. Cemetery.
STRUB-In this city, April 1, 1901, Isidore
Strub, a native of Alsace-Lorraine, aged 51
years. ; •
WON KIN FUNK— In the City and County
Hospital, April 1, 1901. Won : Kin Funk, a
native of China, aged 51 years. - •
IT~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock; from his. parents'
residence, 3*0S ' Mission street, thence to St.
•Paul's Church, where a requiem" mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' -• - '
STITT— In Alameda, March 81, 1901, Mary fcer-
trude, . beloved daughter of James and Emma
Stitt, and sister of James F. 4 and Augustus
fitltt, a native of San Francisco, aaed 24
years 5 months 'and 22 days. . .
STOCK— In this city, March 31, 1901, William
. J., Only son of Ernest C. and. Margaret
' Stock, a' native of San Francisco, asred 24
.years 1" month and 19 days.
1T~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 9 Church place, between Stockton arid
J Powell ¦ streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ : ¦..¦..'
SMITH-In this city,. March 31. 1901, Albert,
dearly beloved son of Louis A. and Julia
. Smith, brother of Raymond. Lloyd and Julia
Smith, and . srandson of Mrs. Mary Locker
and John apd the late Julia Geherty, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 years 7 months
and 29 days. :..¦:.. \ . . ¦ . - - ;
•' a solemn requiem high mass ¦ will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9. o'clock. . Interment private. Holy
', • Cross Cemetery. •• 5
REYES— In this city, March 30, 1901, ' Ignacia
Reyes, beloved mother of Paola Lima, a na-
tive of Mexico, aged 51 'years. \- .
IT~The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 629 Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth, •¦ thence to St. Boniface's ..Church,
(ET Friends ' and acquaintances ' are • respect-
fully "invited, to. attend the funeral to-morrow
"Wednesday); . at ¦ 8:30 o'clock, " from his . late
residence, thence to St* Peter 1 ¦ Church, • Ala-
bama > street, - between • Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-Hfth streets, . where a requiem- high
• mass will be- celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemtery. . ¦ . ¦ '.
MAHONEY— In this city.- April 1. 1901, ¦Wil-
liam Mahoney. belo\-ed father of- William
Mahoney, a native of -Ireland, aged 67- years.
ICRemains ' at the parlors of James Mc-
' Menomy & Son, 1057 Mission .. street, near
Seventh. ¦ t - ¦ . -;^: • ' '¦ - ; '
MELJ-r-In Oakland, April 1, 1901. Mrs. Sarah
A.- Mell. . beloved • mother ¦ of ( Mrs. Andrew
Schaefer and Mrs. Ida Trapp of Carson City,
Nev., a native of Chambersburg, Pa;, aged
72 years 6 'months and 11 'days. \
PHEX-PS— In ; East Oakland, . April 1, 1301, Lo-
vinia C. Phelps. widow of , the late " J. 'P-
Phelps, and mother of J. G.. Edwin E. and
James C. Phelps Jr., a native of . Connecti-
. .-cut, aged. 78 years. and 19 days.' ,.\ ,-.
PIERSON— In i the City and County Hospital.
March SO, 1901, Charles Pierson, a native of
Denmark, aged 59 years. . - • '. _ ,¦•:'. -
POXLEITNER— In this city, March SO, 1901,
at her late residence, 620 Jessie i street. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of. John Poxleit-
¦ ner, adopted ' mother of Lulu . Hecker Pox-
leitner, and sister of Jacob Pfeffer.-. of San
Jose, a native of Eywillen. Canton Drulinsen,
Alsace, aged 70 years 11 months and 27 -days.
¦' (St. -TxHiis, - Mo., papers please copy.) .t*
Henry.'.Thomas, a 'native-" of -England,* aged
70, years 2 months and. 6 days. . ¦*. - .
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMESTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL, v ¦
Teller, Behring,
Golof nin, etc;
S.S.JEANIE,
' - P. H.' ; MASON, 'Master. ::', n; ... .
aSrTHRASHER
T. L. ELLIS, Master.
¦'"*¦:' Will leave Ean Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
\ THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April' 26. '
¦S S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lane, Master, leaves
San Francisco May 24, 1901, and Seattle May
30, 1901, for Nome, Teller, Behring, . Golofnln,
etc. * ¦" \ '"''.- "¦ '' " ' ¦'.• ¦ ¦ . •
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
80 CALIFORNIA ST., ' SAN FRANCISCO. .
Cof. of First ave. and. Yesler. way, Seattle.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN -LINE.
" - Twin-Screw Express Service, t. ..,
. PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. '.
A." Victoria, Apr. 3t 10am IF. Bismarck.. '...May 9
Deutschland Ap.lS.3pmlDeutschland ....May 16
¦ - Tv/lnrScrew Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH-^CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Bulgaria .......April 6|*Phoenlcia ...., April 20
Pretoria ..."."....April 131 ..
, ?Sails to Hamburg direct
Hamburg-Americarj Line,; 37 B'way, N. Y,
' HERZOG &' CO. , General Agents for ¦ Pacific
Coast.' 401 California' st .
Ai>£»ianf i> <_ £ _*A HAWA "> SAM °*. hew
i SS. MARIPOSA< (Honolulu only)..............
;'•»-. ..T.... .....:.'...:. Saturday. April 6/ 2 '¦ p. •• m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
.•Zealand and Australia...... ....'..-....¦ .
...•.:.."..... .\.'.. Wednesday, April 17, 9 p. m.
1. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.; teal Agents. 327 Market St
Sen'l Passenger Qfito, 643 Market St., Pisr do. 7: Pas'S: St
COMPAGNIB ' GENERALS TaAN3ATLANTIQD_
DIRECT , LINE I TO HAVRE-PARIS. -,_».
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «s?*?ffY&
Saturday, . at 10 a.' m., from .Pier 42, -S*_M_S
'North River, foot of Morton street .First class
to . Havre. - $55 and upward: , Second class to
Havre, $45 1 and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY
| FOR" UNITED STATES and . CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson -building). New. York - J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue,- San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all '.Railroad Ticket- Agents. ¦• * — . •-• ¦ - .
;BAY^__^D ; _lIYEB;STEAim_W3. : ¦
FOR U^S. NAVT YARD AND VALLEJO.
, ," ; : Steamer!" Mbntlcello.'"^;
M ON.," TUES.. ¦WED.^ : THURS..:AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15," 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office, Mis-
sion- St. Dock, Pier No. 2. -Telephone Mam 1508.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
' ¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
- ¦ 20 Fifth st..< opposite. Lincoln School.
.-;¦•:; Telephone South SO. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, i
17 and M Fifth st. - # TeL ¦ South 187." ' -'¦ . |
IUNERAL DIRECT0B3 AND EMBALMER1. I
• Finest Eocioment : at ¦Moderatc'Rates.' '•'¦ \
JAMES McGINN, J
Formerly with McGinn j Bros.T has opened I
new Funeral' Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet. I
Taylor; and ; Jones. Telephone South ¦ 576. • ¦- g
(E~The funeral will - : take ¦ place -this - day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
•" of i her parents, 83 Converse street, , between
Eighth and Ninth, off : Bryant. Interment
Holy, Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— At his residence. 736 Treat avenue,
in this city, John, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Madden, beloved father of Thomas W.
' and John J. Madden and Mrs. A. Knight and
Mrs. E. L. Wright, and grandfather > of
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from' 1 the par-
lors of McAvoy.A Co.. 1239 Market" street
between Eiehth and - Ninth, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a - solemn - requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- ' . . •
McMAHAN— In this city, March 31, 1901. Lucy
Lillian, dearly beloved daughter of -Thomas
L. and Ada C." E. McMahan, and beloved
Bister. of Flora McMahan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 17 days. .
IT~ The funeral will take place this" day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her warents, 362 Potrero avenue, between
Sixteenth and Seventeetn streets. -Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery,^j. ., ."• '.'-¦ •¦'¦\"
LANNON— In this- city,* April t. '. 1901, George
T., beloved son^of P. W.i and Margaret Lan-
non, and • brother ¦ of > William,' : Joseph, • Harry
and Bessie . Latinon/' a * native * of .- Madison,
w»s., aged 26 years ilOmofiths and 22 days.
IE~Friends and . acaualoiancea : are respect-
fully invited to : attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Wednesday), -at 9:3$ ¦ o'clock, !-from his late
' residence, 2130. O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, * Where ; a solemn requiem
high mass will be ', celebrated -for the repose
of hi« soul, commencing' at 10 o'clock. In-
tterment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COURT INDEPENDENCE No. 104, Foresters
of America,— The officers and members I of
the above named court are requested to at-
tend the funeral of Brother George T. Lan-
non, from his late residence, 2130 O'Farrell
street, to-morrow ' ~ (Wednesday), at- 9:30
o'clock ~- v ¦¦¦'¦¦• ¦-¦.:¦¦
¦ ¦¦ ALFRED FUHRMAN, Chief Ranger.
WE E. FOLET, Fin. Secretary.
McELROY— In this city/March 80, 1901,
Josephine X., beloved wife of James McElroy,
and mother of Edward Duprey, a native of
Dublin. Ireland, aged 62 years 8 months and
18 days.' ¦ - ¦ - . ¦ • ¦: • ,'. ¦:
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1200 Masonic avenue, corner of Halght
street. Interment Stockton, Cal. -
HILLENS— In this city. April 1. 1901, of diph-
. theria, Minnie Elizabeth Hillens, dearly be-
loved daughter of Frederick and Margaret
Hillens, and sister, of Sophia, Freddie, Elea-
nora and Dorothea Hillens, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 years 1 month and 22 days.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock,, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross i Ceme-
tery. . ¦ ¦ ! •
FRASER— In this city, March 31, 1901, Jean
Isabella Fraser, daughter of Margaret and
the late James C Fraser,' and' niece of P. B.
Fraser of Stockton and J. C. Owens of this
city, a native of New York. (Stockton, Cal.,
and Orange, N. J., papers please copy.)
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvcy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,.
DROUGHT— In this city. March 31, 1901, Frank
Drought, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
' . ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary. \
BRYAN— An anniversary solemn requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
eoul of the late Margaret Bryan, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock. In St. Dominic's
Church. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend. ¦
CASE— In this city, April 1, . 1901, Byron, be-
loved son of Addlson and Ella Case, and
brother of Lois Case, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 2 months and 4 days.
CURRAN— In this city, March 31, 1901, Mabel,
beloved daughter of Frank and Annie Cur-
ran, a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years
|E3 r The funeral services v will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
synagogue of the Congregation Sherith Is-
rael, corner Post and Taylor streets. Inter-
ment Hill of Eternity Cemetery by special
train, leaving Third and Townsend streets,
at 12 o'clock. • Please omit flowers.
OFFICERS and members of Congregation
Sherith Israel are hereby notified that ' the
obsequies over our late Presideftt. Mr. - Lewis
Brown, will be held at the synagogue to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock. The
¦ funeral will thence proceed by special train
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Timely at-
S tendance is respectfully requested.
CHARLES HARRIS, Vice President
BENDER— In Brighton, England, March 31.
1901, Philip Bender, beloved father of Albert
M. Bender of this city, aged 71 years. ,.*.
BERGSTRAND— In this city, April 1, 1901,
Josie Nathalia, beloved daughter of John A.
and Ida Bergstrand, and sister of Magnhild
C. and Alice G. Bergstrand, a native of, San
Francisco, Cal., aged 6 years i months and
1 day.
BROWN— In this city, March 31. 1901, Lewis
• Brown, beloved father of Mrs. B. Sheideman,
Mrs. Phil Lippitt and Ralph and Abe Brown
and Mrs. Godfrey Fisher, aged 71 • years 11
months and 17. days.
Bender. ¦ Philip . Madden, Catherine
Bergstrand, Josie N. Manoney, . William
Brown, Lewis . . . Mell.. Mrs. Sarah A.
Bryan Margaret Phelps,' Lovlnta C.
Case, Byron Pierson, Charles
Curran, Mabel ' Poxleitner, Margaret
Drought, Frank ¦ Rey.es, Ignacia
Fraser, Jean I. Smith,' Albert : ' .
Hillens, Minnie E. Stitt, Mary G. V -
Lannon. George T. Stock, -.William 'J.
McElroy, Josephine T. Strub, Isidore
McMahan, Lucy L. Won Kin Funk
DIED.
The following marriage licenses were. Issued
yesterday: .
Joseph "A. Stevens, 81, 1317 California street,
and Birdie A. Stephens, 26. 482% Eighth street.
¦ Yon C. Bozarth, 2S. S99 Pine street, and
Ethel F. Parsons, 19, 2422 Polk street.
Carmelo Coppola, 40, 33 Vallejo street, and
Virginia Herrera, 18, Masatlan, Mexico.
Charles F. Ducoing-, 50, 1707 Mason street,
and Adeline F. Guemeley, 32, 1707 Mason street.
Sa.mmie A. Hcott, . 26, - 454A Minna street, and
Mattie M. Anderson, 18, Crockett, Contra Costa
County. ¦ • . ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦
Thomas H. Maher, 22, 240% Sixth street, and
Annie M. Neiderhaus. 18, 42A Rausch street. -
Wong Do Wun, 36, 39 Washington alley, and
Fue Ylng, 26, Jackson street., • .
Woo Chong, 30, 841 Dupont street, and Quey
Ylng. 27. 35 Ross al ley. • --. . . v« ¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.James B. Moraghan Is Not Manager.
Miss Elsie Moraghan denies that her
brother James Is manager of the Mora
ghan Oyster Company, as was stated in
The Call last week. She says she is the
president and her brother Charles is the
manager. James is employed in a minor
capacity. ' . ;
Lombard Street Barn Burned.
A fire was discovered In a barn belong
ing to Peter Chali, at 1534 Lombard street,
shortly after 8 o'clock last night. There
was delay in ringing In an alarm and by
the time the fire department arrived on
the scene. the building had been almost
destroyed. A high wind was blowing at
the time and had there been other build
ings in the vicinity there would have been
danger of a conflagration. A quantity of
hay was burned in the barn, together with
about 200 chickens which were confined in
a shed -adjoining. An investigation dis
closed the fact that a large quantity of
coal oil had been spread in the vicinity of
the building and the inference was that
the fire was of incendiary origin.
The syndicate that has arranged to
lease the hotel to be erected on the old
Calvary-Church site .from the Crocker
heirs will incorporate within the next two
or three days. The names of the parties
have been kept secret, but all the facts
must •iome out when the lease and arti
cles of incorporation are placed on record.
M. H. Hecht, Louis Sloss and Lewis Gers
tle are among those, concerned. . All the
members of the syndicate' are local capi
talists. They will Incorporate with a paid
up capital of $250,000, all of which will be
expended for furniture for the hotel. The
lease will be for ten j-ears. -. While there
is no present agreement concerning the
date when the hotel shall be ready for
occupany, the understanding is that it
will be handed over to the syndicate not
later than the summer of 1902.
The agreement concerning the hotel
building is that it shall be the best that
can be built for money. It will be eleven
stories high and will cover the entire lot.
which has 137:6 feet frontage on Powell
street and 165 feet on Geary. The mate
rials will be marble, terra cotta and red
brick, the framework being of steel. The
cost is variously estimated, but it ..will
be somewhere between $1,000,000 and $1.
500,000. Within the last few days some
changes have been suggested in the plans,
to which Messrs. Green and Scott, the
trustees of the Crocker heirs, have agreed'.
These will not affect the general plan.
The general shape will be that of a letter
H, to insure all outside rooms. There
will be no stores in the structure, which
will be solely devoted to hotel purposes.
The rooms will number 360. All rooms
will be provided with baths," tele
phone and electric lights. Forty private
sitting-rooms will be included. On the
ground floor will be a large cafe, in addi
tion to the general dining-room. The main
cafe will front on Powell street and will
be 40x90 feet in dimensions. It is agTeed
that everything shall be modern In all re
spects, the best that can be provided, the
purpose being to make this the best hotel
in the world if possible. Drawings are
now being prepared. . >>?.'<•¦¦;
Syndicate^ to Lease Crocker
.>/ Property Is About to
Incorporate.
Thought That Structure "Will Be Com
¦;. pleted Next Year — Only ILocal
Capitalists Concerned in
v L?: Enterprise.
ELEVEN STORIES
FOR NEW HOTEL
~VnZ.lt MINE FOR TURQUOISES.— Arno!4
E. Needham, customs inspector, hnnde.l his
resignation yesterday to Port Collector Slrat
ton. and the resignation was accepted. Mr.
Keedham is going to Arizona to work a tur
quoise mine.
Awards in the Melanope Case.
. United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion making
awards as follows in the libels against the
British ship Melanope:
Tfce Great "Western Smelting and Re
fining Company, $300!>: J. McAllister & Co..
J1351 CO; R. T*. Hogue. J16S3 72; Shippers' &
Merchants' Tugboat Company. $60; Charles
Brown, $106; Eschen & Minor. $278 SO; Middle
ton & Co., $J22 60; Muir Bros.. $C60 25; John
Sloan. $136 36: James Boyea & Co.. $fio4 36;
Thomas Crowley & Brt»s.. JOS: Charles Green.
$445 45: J.' A. Brown, JCt>5 51: John I. Jacobs &
Co., $1714 50: people of the State of California,
$105 65; Ernest Taylor. $1133 32.
"With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis
key Is a very popular drink.
NEW PRIMARY
LAW IN FORCE
Registrar Issues Circular
Explaining the New
Statute.
Elections to Nominating Conventions
Hereafter to Bs Conducted Un
der Supervision of Respec-^ ; ' ;
tive Political Parties^
A circular has been Issued from the
Registrar's office calling the attention of
voters to the act passed by the late Leg
islature revising and amending the pri
mary election law. The act is intendc 1
to eradicate the pernicious rule of th*
boss and by allowing tho primaries to bo
conducted under the supervision of th«
respective political parties to Indue* tho
better class of citizens to take more in
terest in 6uch elections. The primary
elections hereafter must be conducted,
managed 'and controlled In the same man
ner as the State, caunty and city elec
tions.
In cities containing a population of more,
than 7500 all delegates to conventions of
political parties for the purpose of nom
inating candidates for public office must
•be elected at primary elections. • .. ~;
Political parties which at the previous
election polled 3 per cent of the vote of
the city and county will be entitled to a
designation and place on the official ballot
used in the primary election. Each party
must file with the Board of Election Com
missioners on or before July 13. 1901, a
petition authenticated by Its chairman
and secretary requesting a place on the
primary election ballot. The petition
which must be sworn to by the officers
of the party must set forth the name and
must specify In deta'l the apportionment
of the delegates, whether by district or
by precincts. >.
The petition of a political organization
which has not previously polled 3 per cent
of the votes must be signed by the elect
ors residing within the State, district or
political division for which the candidates
are to be presented. The signatures on
the petition must bo equal in number to
at least 3 per cent of the entire vote cast
at the preceding election and must be
verified by the signers.
Each convention shall be th© judge of
the election and qualification of Its mem
bers and no convention shall be entitled
to make nominations unless the members
are elected in. accordance with its pro
visions.
The primary election officers shall con
sist of an Inspector, two judges, two
clerks and one baHot clerk for each pri
mary election precinct.
; FORGER DAN J. SULLIVAN AND
SOME SPECIMENS OF HIS CLEV
ER PENMANSHIP. '
: Avalon College. Missouri, has a farm
. of 1S0O < acres,: on which students work ¦ to
pay their way through school.
Pasadena's Election. *
PASADENA, April v r— Martin - H.
Weight, non-partisan, was elected Mayor
to-day.. defeating W. S.' Lacey. the inde
pendent candiate. . • .-
Decides Against Sherwood Estate.
Judge Seawell has ordered judgment en
tered for the plaintiff, as prayed In the
case Instituted by the London, Paris and
American Bank against the estate of the
late Robert S. Sherwood. The action was
Instituted to secure the settlement of cer
tain obligations upon the part of H. H.
Sherwood, an heir of the deceased, whose
Interests in the. decendent's estate had
been assigned to H. Hochstein. .
Bosarian Society to Entertain.
- The members of the Rosarian Society
are arranging an entertainment for the
benefit of St. Dominic's Church. , It will
be held in Golden Gate Hall next Mon
day evening. The programme is in charge
of Miss .Julia C. Coffey. The main fea
ture will be a production of "A Fighting'
Chance." The following will assume the
various characters: * Miss Mary McAuliffe,.
Miss Margaret Clancy. . Miss Marie Fltz
patrlck. Miss Kittle Murray, Miss Annie
Murray I Miss'. Mattie Logran. "Miss Lizzie
McFadden. Miss .Rebecca, Marron. Miss
Maxy Leary. Miss Rosella McKeon and
Miss Mary Clancy. There will also be a*
musical programme and a reception. . ;
Dr. J. C. Stinson has removed to 533
Sutter st., cor. Mason. Hours 11 to 12 a_m..
2 to 4 and 7 to 8 p. m.; phone Main 1155. *
"Plate Game" Men in Court.
The cases of Frank Marshall, Bert Al
burn, J. D. Brooks and H. Kenney,
charged -with grand larceny in tricking
Chester M. Griffin and Carl Goertz out of
money by means of the "plate game" at
1 be Cliff House, were . again called In
Judge Cabaniss* court yesterday. • The two
complaining witnesses failed to appear
and the prosecution had to admit that
they could not be found. Attorney Mack,
lor the defendants, urged an immediate,
trial, but the Judge refused to go on and
continued the case, so that another effort
could be made to find Griffin and Goertz.
The Judge remarked that he would not
permit the compounding of felonies by
complaining witnesses.
Throws Vitriol at a Man.
Ella Cerny, a woman of the tenderloin,
•was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging her with assault with a caustic
chemical with intent to Injure the • flesh
and disfigure the body. The complaining
witness is S. B. Hermann. 1010 "Washing
ton street, and he alleges that on March
29 he went to the woman's room, at 41
Stockton street, and quarreled with her.
Ab he was wanting down stairs'she threw
the vitriol at kirn, which burned his coat
and hand. The woman denies fhat she
threw vitriol, and said it was potash. She
accuses Hermann of taking money from
her. In her anger at this she threw the
potash at him, she says.
old form, hundredrof which are floating
around the . City Hall and used as mem
orandum papers. ' . .-¦"¦¦
District Attorney Byington was awfully
shocked by Sullivan's assertion that any
one of his clerks should be concerned in
a grafting proposition.
"I'll fire every . ono of. them," he de
clared, "if this accusation Is proven. . I've
told these/boys time and again that they
are getting big salaries and they must do
their work. My office is worked night and
day, but they've got to stand it."
'Byington declared that he had visited
the warrant .'and bona clerk's office fully
a hundred times during, the tenure of his
incumbency and while he nad never mada
an expert examination of the books' he
had made a cursory one. The Grand Jury
.will probably do -the rest. "
- After' Kytkals- dissertation on ' handwrit
ing Judges Conlan and Cabaniss declared
that their signatures had been forged.
Deputy '.Treasurer Reis, who handles all
these warrants -. and pays .out the coin,
looked. ' sheepish and apparently appre
ciated his. uncomfortable position.
-Were. It not for Reis' apparent-discom
fiture,'¦Sullivan's Insouciance- and the
presence, of former Chief of. Police Lees,
who is ajiersonal friend of the Reis fam
ily, it might have be<:n a happy gathering.
¦Knowing -the genuine signatures of the
'four, policy judges, hundreds of which pass
through his hands every week, Reis failed
to make a.proper explanation of why he
paid out the money, especially to a.man
whose, record is known. to everybody. ever
connected -vwith the City t Hall. It was
harder for Reis- than for Sullivan— that
hour at police headquarters. . ¦
Sullivan's Statement.
Here' is. Sullivan's statement to Captain
Seymour as reported by the police stenog
rapher:- -¦¦: ¦¦ '. ¦ . •¦¦ .. i ' ••/•••"
•I don't, care to- make 'any . statement about,
this matter at present. .-.When Peery took ¦ me
over in the corner he did not tell -me not to
say anything-. I only asked him- if he wanted
me to make -any statement or anything. I am
willing to say what I said then— that I had the
money for those people and got my percentage
out of ' it, • anything they wanted to give me.
I think I have taken money out in some cases
that ¦ are • not yet disposed of. Some ' of . them
are Chinese cases. All of them are "not Chi
nese cases. . That case of Joe Coffev's was dis
posed of. ' Bonds were substituted for cash."
Tire $1600 cash ba.il was paid to 1 the"Chinaiuan
who put it up. I can't recall any- case not yet.
disposed of in which I drew down the ball.
" I . think : I could refresh j my memory • regard-
Ing these caseSiby looking at the -bail books
of One and Three Courts. (Bail books are pro
duced and examined by Sullivan, and he fails
to find : the of cases j in '.which he
has drawn down the ball.); I, got "whatever
percentage they^chose to give" me— probably- $2
or $2 50; ¦ Peery Tr>ays me on. an average • $oO > a
month. I drew $900 last Saturday. ; I havegot
only $800 now. • I paid $50 to a fellow. Saturday.
I don T t. remember; his name. • He -had an order
for it.fr I recollect ; telling Perkins v on the
'. phone that we were pretty busy and would be
late in gettlnV. out. Perkins didn't telsphone
to me.- I telephoned to him. I am short only
$100, and I can get that in ten seconds. Those
cases that are ;iiot disposed . of will be. paid,
when the time comes. Sometimes I go into
one dor«rtment of the Police . Court with
twelve or fifteen - orders, • and • If . the -clerks are
busy I make out 'the orders . and Handrthem to
the clerks to have the Judges' sign them. Ths
Judges sign the orders. In blank-. aii|} <.every
thing .else. •-, Sometimes the clerks make out the
orders, and sometimes I make them out. and I
sign for them. \The Judges sign the orders '< for
the clerks. . ' , .. - ... „ ..«,
A man is supposed to go out to the treasury
to get/his bail money, but the boys down here
accommodate. them by getting the receipts' and
paying. the money to; them. :I have deposited
bail -money In . the treasury. Sometimes I ko
out .to - the 'treasury • alone, - sometimes with
Peery, and sometimes Peery goes alone. Peery
has receipts for every dollar that he has paid
into the. treasury., y ' . . .- ", '. • - ;
There has never been any kick about • the
boys..- paying out? the money. Peery pays 'out
bail money. -Iexpect a fee when I tret ; -bail
money for paople. I- take whatever . they* give
me.,< The other day. I cashed 'a J200 order; and
got .nothing : for. it. .Sometimes we /get , the
money ; for :¦ attorneys. I -never s lg-ned : any
Judge's ¦ name ¦ to ' any : order . on . the treasury. .
Those receipts you ; have . there should be in the
possession of the clerk of the-court. .-Burke
gave me. a lot of -them- to "look up. Most of
those receipts have been .paid;; as is shown on
the br.ck. .Those 7 $.i drunk : receir>ts i have - not
been:paid." I "had : thess ¦ to' look- up. ' ¦%¦ A groort
many of these drunk ' receipts are never called
for.- T!*ey ; s.re. willing to : ray, the $5 and get
out of -it." 'A' good treany of those receipts ' are '
given : to us when 'the ball; is deposited. .They;
come • early In ¦ the morning to set sonM fellow,
out, -we go out and have a. drink and they, say,
"Keep. that for your trouble. ¦, ; •; ;• , ._
Will Be Charged With Forgiiry. \
-Sullivan rested last- night. In f the City
Prison. ,' Some ¦ time to-day ¦ he "-will-, he
charged with*- forgery., oil ¦ complaint . of
Judge Cabaniss. The prisoner does not
mind. He has made a statement, and,
despite the cross-questioning he wag sub
jected to, he stuck to the main points of
his ¦ probable defense. . - .
How Sullivan came to be apprehended
was a brilliant stroke of detective work.
Early yesterday morning he sent the fol
lowing dispatch:
COLFAX, Cal.
• Charles F.- Peery, Warrant and Bond Clerk.
Hall of Justice, San Francisco: If anything
out of the ordinary occurs, wait till I return.
1 D. m. Will explain. • Make no report till
then. ' - - • • DAN.
This was followed a few minutes later
by the following: .
". ;'"¦ ' ¦- r COLF AX," Cal.. : April 1.. 1301.
1 W- P. Sullivan Jr., Chief Police, San Fran
cisco: Party bought ticket . San Francisco.
Took No. 3, 6:05 a. m.,' to-day.
- ... W. O. SPENCER.
When he reached - police headquarters
Sullivan was met by Peery, - who took
him into a corner and held a whispered
conversation with him. Then Peery hid
himself for the rest of the" day. All ef
forts, to find him later were unavailing.
He declared immediately after his con
versation with* Sullivan that everything
was all right in his office. . -
Several of the cases of those whose ball
money Sullivan cashed in are pending in
the • various departments of the Police
Court to which they were assigned^ How
he worked the game Sullivan is not dis
posed to tell. Of the money he received
on Saturday, he says he paid $50 to the
clerk of Judge Mogan's court, Conway.
Neither. Judge Mogan. nor his clerk had
answered the summons to appear at po
lice headquarters up to a late hour- last
night. "- ,
Signatures Almost Perfect.
"Judges Conlan. and Cabaniss, when
shown the alleged' fraudulent warrants,
denied emphatically that they had ever
signed them. The" signatures to 'the war
rants from Judge iConlan's court were so
perfect that,; the f Judge would not dispute
them until .after.^'ag'close examination.
Kytka-, c!aimedt**that* the: work' was the
most perfect;he.ihad,eyer^seen from the
hand of one whcJU-was, not 'a. professional
forger.-. .:;;.;.' xf.'.tys ~
The only 'salient, difference between tho
forgery ¦ and .'Judge ; Conlan'a .. own signa
ture was a .'peculiar r'dowrr stroke in .the
formation of the last letter of the name.
J. P. RiceV clerk in Judge Conlan's court,
was asked if he had signed the disputed
orders. , He replied,- after an examination,
that -he. had- not. . lie was aaked to pro
duce the book in which the accounts for
money deposited as bail were kept. An
examination ,of this book- disclosed the
fact that the: bondsmen , named on the
fraudulent warrants "had -never, signed re
ceipts for the return of their money. The
rule of the court demands that suth pay
ments must be receipted. 'j. 1 .
*In the. case of Ella Thomas the forged
warrant showed that she. was charged
with vagrancy. The court records showed
that she was charged. with disturbing the
peace.' Another discrepancy was discov
ered, in .the numbering of the fraudulent
documents, p The > forged warrants were
shown -also to have been tilled, out on a
form unlike that which is at present used
-Judge Mogan and' Judge Fritz have not
as yet passed upon-their signatures whicn
appear In the irregular warrants. Kytka
declares there -.-- is .¦ no doubt that they
have been • forged.' " • ¦¦'¦: . ¦•¦ •
•s Judge Cabaniss - stated publicly yester
day afternoon that he never had signed
his name- to a blank warrant. In an in
terview last jiight he flatly contradicted
himself -by stating that it was customary
for him: to sign -as many, as eight or ten'
6f, such blank: warrants at a time as a
matter of convenience. The- same prac
tice, it ¦ is. said, is followed by all the
Judges. The. warrants can be handed up
by the clerk and are signed as a matter
of accommodation.
¦-If Sullivan .confesses after he get'
through Seymour's sweatbox some inter
es ting things mayhappen in the Treas
urers; and District -Attorney's offices. ¦
, S . ulliva u 1 V ? dmi «ed'; to , Captain Seymoui
last night that he : had . forged the nam?
of,J. -.Evans ".to. the demand on-th« treas
ury for the money, put up as bail for Ella
Thomas, "whose case is still pending
livan was well known/ he was employed
by Warrant and Bond Clerk Charles S.
Peery, an appointee of District Attorney
Byington, as his bookkeeper. .When Peeiy
was too busy or indisposed," -he .'allowed
Sullivan to go Xo the city treasury and
straighten out the dailj* cash transactions
of his ofllce. Sullivan made out the dailv
reports, because r he "was such a good pen
man and' expert" bookkeeper. ¦ . ¦ : .
¦ F'amiliar with all the" routine ' of l Peery*s
office and the police courts, Sullivan saw
a chance to do a little, grafting. ¦ ; : ¦ .
"Every one around. the office was doinsr
it," said Sullivan to District Attorney
Byington in Captain Seymour's office yes
terday afternoon, - "and- "whv I should not
do the same thing I do not know."
This candid avowal staggered the Dis
trict Attorney, and- he has promised' .to
make an "investigation." • • • y.
Peculiar Business Methods.
• Ever since the new charter went into ef
fect affairs in the .warrant clerk's office
have been at sixes and sevens. . Bail
money was received andrbalances struck
by cashing orders before the City'Treas
urer ever -handled the coin..' The orders
were accepted as cash,- and- the -formula
of putting the. transactions .through the
books was duly observed. \ But in this
loose way of doing business Sullivan saw
his opportunity and failed not .to profit
thereby. ¦ Cashier C. B. Perkins' and Dep
uty Treasurer Reis generally handled the
papers and coin. The latter ¦ does not
know just where he stands in ".the matter.
For some weeks past Sullivan has ap
parently been endeavoring with the as
sistance of others as yet unknown to'
make a clean-up. Orders for the payment
out of the city treasury of large sums of
money have been promiscuously handed
about. One of these was for' $1640. for
Chinese bail money, which was drawn .out
from Judge Cabaniss' court on March 15,
before the order releasing the bail. money
was signed. by..the Judge of that depart
ment. . . , ....
Cabaniss Repudiates Signature.
John J. Greeley, a youthful attache of
the warrant clerk's office, made out bail
bonds for the appearance of the Chinese,
whose sponsor put up the money. There
was some informality in the description
of. the property, and then Joseph F. Cof
fey. attorney, for the Chinese, appeared
upon the scene. Coffey secured the re
lease of the men and Greeley lost his per
quisite. Sullivan drew, the money from
the city treasury on an old-style with
drawal blank, without number, which was
in vogue before- the charter went into ef
fect.. It was purported to t»e signed by
George H. Cabaniss, but the latter dis
putes the genuineness of the signature." It
is not disputed that- other money was dis
tributed among those who -claimed ' to
have some interest in it. • In other words,
no- kick has yet been made, but the Sey
mour sleuths have not as yet discovered
how it was done. . '
There is a whole, .long list of these
forged ball money orders. So far the fol
lowing have turned up at the city treas
ury during the past week:" : . . ¦ -'
•Department 1, Judge . Mogan— J. Forbes,
bondsman, $50, Tor Jennie • Foster, charged
with disturbing the peace. Released on order
March 27; vagrancy .charge named Instead of
original. . ¦
C. . R. Thompson, -bondsman, . $100, . for 3s C.
Wilson; -charge, .petty larceny. > Deposited
March 18,' exonerated March • 29. . •-¦'"-'.
Department 2, Judge Conlan— J. Evans,
bondsman. $230,- for Ella Thomas ; charge, va
grancy.: Deposited . March 23, ball exonerated
March 28. :. •
J. Rock, bondsman, ¦ $250: charge, assault
with deadly weapon. . i Deposited Mafch 23, ex
onerated March. 28. -,' W
Department 3, Judge Fritz— F. R. Kelly,
bondsman, ¦ $50, for; Joseph ; Butsch; charge,
manslaughter." Deposited March 22, exonerat
ed "March 22. ; " ¦ . '
•Frank Miyert. . $100, self: charge, selling
liquor without license. Deposited March 23,
exonerated March 29.*. .*' -'.-!;¦ ¦ •
"Department 4,* Judge ' Cabaniss— Lee Quong
and eighteen other ¦ defendants. ••- Fons Sing.
bondsman. $1640. Darosited Mftrch 14, date of
exoneration not given. » LBgjgsg
When confronted with this array of
documentary evidence 5 Sullivan' unblush
ingly admitted that he had collected the
money for them, but claimed that' it was
turned, over, to the. proper- parties. Al
though the genuineness .of the signatures
attached" to the orders was questioned by
Seymour's expert,' Kytka. , Sullivan ¦ was
stout in maintaining they were genuine. <*
He was . confronted by Judges Conlan
and Cabaniss during : the afternoon: and
Kytka, who was present, 'declared 'that
the signatures and the body. of the docu
ments were -in the', same •- handwriting.'
The ¦ alleged = forged^ demands are : > in the
SAYS MEN CONSPIRE TO
EXPECTOaATETJPON HIM
Edward H. Morgan, Carriage-Triin
mings Dealer, Charged With ¦
. Disturbing. the Peace. - . . „-. -
Edward H. Morgan, a member, of the
firm of Morgan & McLean, carriage trim
mings, 20 Clay street, : appeared in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday on a charge. of
disturbing the- peace. He was s arrested
Saturday night at Powell and Eddy
streets by Policeman Mulcahey. as & citi
zen had complained to tho officer that
Morgan had expectorated in his face.
When Morgan was questioned by the
Judge he said the man had expectorated
at. his heel, and that was why he turned
around and expectorated in his face. Ha
would rather that his right hand was cut
off than do an injustice to any man, he
declared. •
"There is a conspiracy aglnst me," said
Morgan, "and while I was ; walking -.on
Market street at least ten men expecto
rated! at me. I don't know why they- do
it. but they do." .. . . -
The. Judge continued the case until, to
morrow, so. that Morgan's partner could
be in court to explain his peculiar hallu
cination. Morgan is out on. bail. ". . ¦
TWO PERSONS VICTIMS
OF CABLE-CAB MISHAPS
Six- Year Old Julia. I*eroy of Berkeley
and Unknown Man Are
¦ Injured.
Julia Leroy. a 6-year-old girl from
Berkeley, and an unknown man were the
victims of street car accidents yesterday
afternoon. The injuries sustained in both
cases were not severe and cannot be laid
to any particular negligence on the part
of any one concerned. ¦ .
The little girl, with her father, Henry
L«eroy, was on a \isit to friends in the
"Ncity. They got off a weft -bound ¦ Geary
street car at the corner of Mason street,
and the girl left her father and stepped
from behind the car in front of one east
bound. The gripman attempted to stop,
but the little girl was knocked down and
dragged peveral feet on the fender. Her
hip and one limb were badly bruised and
the side of her head was severely scraped.
She was taken to the Ziouse of a friend
and cared for.
The other accident occurred at the cor
ner of eGary and Powell streets. The vic
tim was standing on the car steps as the
car was passing a •wagon loaded with
bricks, and the rear end of the load struck
'him. He was knocked down and his face
•was severely cut by the stones in the
road. He was treated at a nearby drug
store and recovered sufficiently to go
home without assistance.
3 UMPS INTO THE BAY ,
: . :„: WITH .SUICIDAL INTENT
Kate Daisy Tries to End Her* Life
While Despondent, Then Has
'" '" Husband Arrested.
Kate Daley, a married woman, at
tempted to commit suicide yesterday
afternoon by jumping into the bay at the
foot of Larkin street. Thomas Cosgrove,
an employe of the "West Coast Construc
tion Company, saw the woman struggling
in the water "and jumped in after her. He
got her ashore after some little work and
had her sent to the - Central- Receiving
Ho&pital. : \V~\_ .
Mrs. Daley told the doctors that she was
despondent "because of her husband's con
tinued abuse and for that reason had tried
to end her life. On Saturday the woman
was brought to the hospital to be treated
for a wound on the l.p. She claimed that
her husband had inflicted the wound with
a razor. A warrant was accordingly-is
sued for' John Daley's arrest and he was
brought to the Southern - station and
charged with assault to commit murder.
Daley denied having tried to kill his.
wif'- and gave an entirely different version
of the affair.. He claims that while he
was running a dance hall near Bakers
field the woman came there to work for
him und after a while they were married.
Daley claims his wife would get drunk
and make things unpleasant- -W.hen they
arrived in this city he pleaded with her to
behave herself. but*despite her promises
to desist she ¦ kept up her . carousals. ¦ He
admits having struck her on Saturday
when he found her drunk,, but denies hav
ing used a razor. When brought before
his wife in the hospital Daley. accused- her
of committing bigamy in marrying him.
MILLION-DOLLAR
DEAL IN TIMBER
Tract of ' Many ' Acres I in
Humboldt Is Sold for ;
Large. Sum. , ' .
With Land Goes Access to Deep
Water, Which Will Enable Ves
sels to Load Near
•forest :, - : '' ¦'.
One of the largest redwood deals ever
transacted in this State has been made
by Isaac Minor. Sr. of Humboldt County,
he being the purchaser, of some, 20 ,000
acres of virgin redwoods of ythe best qual
ity. The sellers of this valuable tract
¦were Kraft Bros., bankers, -of Red Bluff;
James Camp, capitalist, of San Francisco;
George W.. Chandler, president of the Del
Norte Lumber Company, and R.-D.Hume
of this city. This purchase also includes
one of the finest landings on the North
Pacific coast, which is situated at- the
mouth of the Checto River, in Southern
Oregon. The harbor .is well' sheltered
from the north winds and has five fath
oms of water within 200 feet- of shore, en
abling vessels of large capacity to. enter
with safety and load for. any port in the
world. ..... ........
Mr. Miner, who is the owner of many
sea coast vessels, will run a direct line to
the Hawaiian Islands, where he has a
large, -established trade. By thus shipping
he avoids the present tonnage of 50 cents
per 1000 which is charged over Humboldt
bar. "'¦'¦' " """" ' ' '•"' '
¦R. D. Hume, one of the principal sellers
in this transaction, some fifteen years as°
started to develop this section, but was
compelled to abandon the project on ac
count of ill health. - . •-
Mr. Minor is one of the pioneer lumber
men of Humboldt County, having resided
there for the last fifty years. Eastern
capitalists are rapidly , securing all avail
able redwood forests in this State. When
the Eastern forests are exhausted their
Eastern customers will be supplied direct
from the Pacific Coast. This deal involves
nearly $1,0001,000. . ....-.¦
Deputy Treasurer Reis Appears in
Attorney Byington Proposes to FindOut What Is Going
on in Warrant Glerk'srOffice When He Is Not Looking:
SULLIVAN UNBLUSHINGLY ADMITS
CASHING MANY BOGUS WARRANTS
For a member of tho swell Burllnsaxns
Club to take out a hackman's license may
sound out. of place and somewhat ludi
crous, but such a thing has been done.' E.
D. Beylard, Who has borrowed the Bur
llngame Club coach, named it the Pioneer
and takes' Eastern tourists to and from
the Palace Hotel to the park and- C11C
House for two dollars a throw, has Tsesn
called down by the Hackmen's Union.
Day after' day the hackmexx around the
hotel have been agitating the case and
they ; have won a victory. Beylard yester
day applied to the Police Commissioners
for a license."' Before such a document
can be issued the applicant-must prove h'.a
ability to "handle the ribbons," so yester
day after the lunch nour Police Commis
sioner George A. NewhaJl sauntered into
The court -of the Palace and had a heart
to heart talk ¦ with Beylard, at— the ..con
clusion of which Beylard climbed on the
box seat of the coach. • With a flourish
and a tootiryr of the horn he drove out
of the court before the admirice gaze of
sixteen Raymond excursionists who were
asking what time the next twenty-five
cent observation car would leave Post and
Montgomery streets.
Newball watched Beylard's driving crit
ically and i=aid that he would certainly
•rouch for the competency of the new can
didate to a hackman's license. One of th<»
leaders of the four-horse team stumbled
on the way out of the court to the strec
and several hammer- throwers wanted to
tell K«whall that Bevlard could not drive,
but the counterpart of King Edward VIT
stood , by his friend and said that any
horse was liable to stumble.
Mike Coffey. president of the Hackmen's
TJnion, was in-a forgiving: mood yesterday.
He eays that Beylard i& "a good fellow"
and that. "he is not as swelled up as he
was reported to be."
From Coffey's remarks the general^pub-
Ilc may infer that should Bevlard >wact
to join the union his application will fall
Into friendly hands.
When Beylard was asked yesterday if
lie was going to join the union he smiled
¦broadly and replied: "Oh, I say, don't
you think you chaps have had enouffh
fun? Now let it go, won't you, and please
leave me alone?" -¦ ¦?;•*'
Hackdriver's License Is Granted After
He Demonstrates His Ability
to i Handle • the
. . Eibbons.
In Courtyard of Palace Hotel
the Burlingame Clubman ;
Shows Skill. ''M
BEYLARD DRIVES,
NEWHALL JUDGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO TUESD^A APKI^ 2, ; 1901;
12
V*. NB of the most peculiar cases. of
/f M\ forgery that Chief Sullivan- and
11 If his j detectives will have t to ¦' un-
ravel is that afforded by the acis
of Dan J. Sullivan, assistant • to
Warrant and Bond Clerk Peery. r
• :¦ Sullivan, was posted among- those want
ed on the blackboard at police headquar
ters early yesterday morning, but by some
telepathic means he became aware of tha
fact, apparently,' for he announced by
telegraph 'that he would arrive in the cits'
at 1 o'clock. yesterday afternoon. Detec
tive Ed Gibson met him • at Sixteenth
street, Oakland, and asked him to accom
pany him from the Sixteenth-street depot
to the ofBce of the chief of detectives in
this city. Sullivan did this willingly/ ani
made a voluble explanation bf.his disap
pearance on. Saturday evening 1 - : . . . /
So 'far as can be ascertained, on Satur
day, afternoon Sullivan drew about $910
from the City. Treasury. The money waq
paid out to him by Jack Reis, a deputy in
the office, and when it was supposed that
Sullivan was far away. Rets made public
Sullivan's alleged defalcation. '
• Although the previous character of Sdl-
DR.MCNULTY.
n^RISWlaLL-KSOVm AXDRELtABLE OM>
-«- Specialist cures Blood Poison, <;onorrbeerv.Gle*t,
Stricture, JS?rriina! Weakness. Imp«tpnc» and their
allied Disorders. Tioolc on Diseases of lie", free.
OverCOyearVejcperence. Terms reasonable. Hours,
Oto3daily;6:30to3.30ev'Bs.S!indays.iOu>liCi>nr,ul.
tatioufreeandaacredly confidential. Can Ox* address
P. RO8COE aicXUl.TY.'23.t>.
flC l A iictrny «?., Man i'raur.isura. C«I-
$10-^ RUPTURE CURED
«Min£ !&&*• top TEN DOLLARS.
Thousands have been cnred
alt:icjr&'.vnhom« for th:3
V '»' -x$^/ ventionof the Ape. Secnr-
l^^-^JS^ Ity arrfj romrort to the rnp-
i* 115 "^^^^! iSSSs^ tnrcrt. Nowortli!e£s*!»;ve*
WL 1 ¦' ¦^Lr.riRSiSgga or lotions torahon. ltdoes
ViV Ct -*W> the work. InTerticate:
"Bov&Iet.to. 1" givinst full Information niaiVd. Mmnivt:-
¦ttelv on receipt »-. «taniv> ar.rt thl3 artTt. » "all or addi r»s
MA3XCTIS TRUSS CO. «*» JUrt.1 s«rr««, SA.i F3ABCISC3.
REMOVED,
PATRICK <& CO.,
" i RUBBER STAMPS. ETC.. .
TO 221 SANSOME ST..
Bstween Pine and California. sU.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
•ADVER.TISE2£ENT3. 7 V\C"
"1HE LARGEST, STRONGEST INSURANCE COMPANY INTflE TOLD."
The Mutual Life
Insurance Co.
Of New York,
RICHARD A, McCURDY, President,
Did more business iQ 1900 tban during any previous year of (
its Ijistory. It easily maintains its position as "the largest,
strongest, most progressive life insurance company in tbe
World." The statement of the company for the year ending
December 31, 1900, shows:—-
Income............ ....' $60,582,802.31
| Paid to Policy-holders....... $26,361,863.83
/\sseit>... - {?<xo, < o«5,io^.oi
Insurance and Annuities in
xforce $1,141,497,888.02
; "The assets of the Mutual Life are clean and well invested. The
company refuses, to take risks in countries where climatic condi-
tions are at ali dangerous, and it does not write insurance on sub-
jects who are in any respects below standard. The result of this
careful management is that a policy in The Mutual Life is not
only an absolute protection, but a profitable investment as well.
. The Mutual Life has returned to policy-holders
the enormous sum of $540,479,809,
Its policies are free from technicalities and broadlv liberal.
Every penny of profit belongs to the policy-holders. • -
: Experienced agents can find no better company for which to
work. It has room for workers.
A. B, FORBES, General Agent,
. San Francisco
||i \ s k&?£( ou car - not fl 3% n ° matter what shoes \tiilj ! m
|j WkMI you may wear » but about wa^ins. good \11» I 1
j fitting shoes" we mean it. Our spring ]||| !l m
m ,^^ display is a pleasing one. Shoes for the } §Ssj | ra
Si| >ou don't live in San Francisco write us /JM&
\~^^^^^L "VAN VnOOM"!
f X j /r»\> MARK 5T Sts \
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY! 1
I . ¦ ' ".'•... ii
'^^TJ3^ CANOY CATHARTIC 4at
Genuine stamped C C. C. Never sold In buGs.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.