VOLUME XCI.-NO 21.
COURT SENDS
DISS DE BAR
TO A PRISON
Notorious Laura Jack
7 son and Companion
Convicted.
English Magistrate Wastes
No Time in Passing
Sentence.
■Woman and Her Alleged Htxsband
Must Serve Many Years Behind
the Bars for Their Eumer
otis Crimes.
LONDON, Dec 20.— Theodore and Laura
Jackson, the latter best known In the
United States by the name of Ann O* Delia
Dlas de Bar. were found guilty to-day by
a Jury la the Old Bailey on charges of
Immoral practices and fraud. The Judge
Immediately Imposed sentences of fifteen
and seven years' penal servitude upon
Jackson and Ms reputed wife, respec
tively.
The prisoners listened to the passage of
sentence In evident astonishment, but
maintained silence. As the Judge fin
ished Jackson turned from the prisoners'
dock £nd walked down the steps. "Swa
mie. M as the woman head of the so-called
•Theocratic Unity" has latterly called
herself, smiled, bowed to the Judge and
court and followed her male companion
to where officers were waiting to take
them to prison.
Anticipating: that a verdict 'would be
reached to-day, the Interest In the trial
Tras revived end the courtroom was well
filled when the proceedings were re
sumed. The female prisoner, as usual,
furnished the dramatic features of the
examination of the witnesses, cross-ex
amining them in modulated tones, and al
ternately whining or threatening. When
the case for the prosecution -was closed
the defendants announced that they would
not call any witnesses, but would" testify
in their own behalf.
Jackson. Delivers a Lecture.
Jackson was then sworn and com
menced an address, very much In the na
ture of a lecture, in the course of which
he claimed to be a man bound to
single life by a religious vow and em
phatically denied the testimony furnished
as to his living with Daisy Adams,- whose
*tory. he eaid, was a tissue of falsehood.
He described the female prisoner as a
medium through whom h© (Jackson)
Had "communicated with his spirit wife."
Jackson, in his address, referred to his
estate of 7220 acres of land In Florida,
and dwelt at great length on the princi
ples of theocratic unity. •
During his cross-examination Jackson
was very insolent to the Solicitor Gen
eral, Sir Edward Carson. The Judge
warned Jackson that he was Injuring his
case, whereupon the female defendant in
terjected approvingly: "That's right.
SLeep him in order."
While the Solicitor General was exam
ining Jackson the latter casually remark
ed: *"If Swamie (a name by which tho
female defendant is known) Is guilty, I
am guilty also."
Mrs. Jackson quickly rose to her feet
(having been accommodated with a chair
in the dock) and refused to be Included
with Jackson in the charge of criminal
BssmslL
When asked whether Mrs. Jackson had
been Imprisoned In New Orleans Jackson
refused to answer until the question was
repeated to him by the female defendant.
He then said she had been in Jail twice.
Diss de Earr Mentioned.
Mrs. Jackson then testified. During her
crcss-examlnation the name of Diss de
Bar was mentioned for the first time In
court, the witness admitting that she was
the divorced wife of General Diss de Bar,
adding that she had Inherited a fortune
from him. The woman also admitted that
Ehe had been married to a man named
McGool and to Ph. MessauL She said her
income from the Diss de Bar property was
$14,000 yearly. She acknowledged that she
hod served clx months In jail in New Tork
for defrauding Luther C. Marsh, and de
nied that she had ever been known as
Vera P. Ava.
After Mrs. Jackson had made a general
dinlal of crime* charged against her, the
Solicitor General announced that as the
prisoners were not defended he would not
address the Jury. Jackson then began a
ep«ech to the jury. He said it was xnon
etrous that this infamous charge had been
laid at their door, especially considering
tbat his companion had devoted her life
to Christian reform.
"However," he added, "I believe that ab
solute Justice can be obtained from an
English Judge and jury, which is more
thaii 1 can say for America."
The female prisoner, in turn, addressed
the Jury. Drawing her classic robe around
her ample form and raising herself to her
full height she held the court spellbound
for over an hour. Mrs. Jackson seemed
never at a loss for words. She carefully
dir-sected all the evidence and wound up
with a powerful peroration to the effect
that she did not desire any halting, am
biguous verdict, but an unequivocal ex
pression of justice.
Justice Bigham then summed up very
strongly against the prisoners, saying it
was difficult to conceive of more revolting
and abominable conduct. He said that he
would not be doing his duty unless he
prevented the male prisoner from practic
ing such acts under the cloak of religion
for years to come. The Jury was absent
less than five minutes. Silence^ followed
the pronouncement of the word "guilty"
and the Judge quickly passed the sen
terces.
Flight of a Postmaster.
r NANAIMO. B. C. Dec 2O.-Henry
Malle, Postmaster at Extension, has ab
sconded, leaving a shortage estimated at
J800. He is supposed to be In the United
EUtes.
The San Francisco Call.
TWO VICTIMS OF UPLANDS WRECK DIE OF INJURIES
AND ONE CHARRED BODY IS FOUND IN THE R UINS
Worthington to Hold
Investigation at
Once.
p*~nr<l HE death list of the Southern
1 Pacific disaster at Uplands, Mon
8 terey County, has reached a total
■**• of five, and there it is likely to
stop, as none of the other injured
passengers or trainmen are believed to
be In danger of succumbing to their in
juries. Two Italians, John Cordona and
Francisco Savanla, died early yesterday
morning at the Southern Pacific Hos
pital. Another charred body was ■ disen
tombed from the wreckage at Uplands at
noon. It Is supposed to be the body of a
tramp who was riding the brakebeam.
The members of the train crews were
In attendance yesterday at the Inquest
et San , Lucas on the bodies of William
C. Garland and Owen A. Thurber, the
first known victims of the wreck. If
the trainmen get back in time Superin
tendent Worthington of ■ the Coast di
vision will hold an investigation at 9
o'clock this morning-, after which he will
make his report and recommendations to
Manager Agler.
Engineer Coffey has been temporarily
suspended. He is bedfast at his home,
2920 Sixteenth street, his body racked
with pain from his Injuries, but he is suf
fering a thousand times more from men
tal anguish. He said yesterday:
My consolation Is this, they all speak well of
me. I have no enemies and they all say I was
careful and reliable and never made mistakes.
But those poor people — why wasn't I allowed
to die with them?
It will all come out at the Investigation.
The enslne I had was a fine machine, but we
engineers like the old-style engine better. It
was the first run I had made on her and the
injector was giving me trouble. While I ■was
working with it we passed the whistling post
a mile the other side of the Uplands switch.
I did not see the post and did . not whistle
or apply the brakes. Neither did I notice when
we rocked over ' the frogs at the switch. I
believed we had not yet reached the whistling
post. I had not forgotten my v orders. Then
suddenly the danger loomed up in front. .In
stinctively I applied the emergency brakes and
closed the throttle. Dameron. my fireman, did
not gee the danger until . I chouted to him.
I had done all I could do and as the train
slowed down to twenty , miles an : hour I
jumped. Dameron will ' not say' at' the in
vestigation that he closed the throttle or ap
plied the brakes. I did all that myself and
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
SCENES OF THE WRECKAGE OF, THE TWO ENGINES AND THE CARS OF THE NORTH-BOUND TRAIN AT
• UPLANDS, AFTER THE TEMPORARY TRACK HAD BEEN BUILT ABOUND THE DEBRIS TO PERMIT THE
RESUMPTION OF TRAFFIC. " " N • - \
Engineer Coffey Says He Did Not Forget Orders, but Ran Past
Switch While Engrossed With Strange Engine.
would have reversed " the engine only for; its
having driving brakes. Every wheel on the
engine was equipped with brakes which are
capable of stopping her quicker than can be
done by reversing, which causes her to slide
as if down a chute.
I am going; to be at the investigation to
morrow If I have to be taken on a stretcher
and I believe that railroad men will not blame
me when the . evidence Is all in.
Superintendent Worthington said yes
terday:
Coffey was one of the best engineers on the
road. He was always' careful, conscientious
and capable. Conductors were always clad to
have him on the engine for then they felt
safe. . He has been railroading for fourteen
years. For six years he was a fireman, then
he was promoted to engineer and for a long
time he ran on a freight train. For two -years
and a half he has been hauling passenger
trains. There Is no doubt of his competency
and reliability., He was always sober and
when In the , city could always be found at
home. He certainly deserves sympathy, for
the poor fellow is almost crazed and his in
quiries about- the dead and Injured are piteous.
I went to see him this morning, not to put
him on the rack.- but out of sympathy.
The situation Coffey faced was so elementary
that his mistake- seems unexplalnable. There
were no complications. He had a simple order,
received at San Ardo. It was the only order
In his possession and No. 10 was the . only
'train with which, he ■ bad to concern himself.
The, most Inexperienced man' In the business
would have had no cause to become confused.
There i« no doubt as to the speed, of the
train. No. 9, left 'San Ardo at 12:55. The
collision occurred at exactly 1:00. The distance
between San Ardo and Uplands Is 6.2 miles
and the wreck was at a point .8 of a mile
farther west, making j the distance traveled | in
11 minutes exactly by, miles. That shows tho
train to have been traveling- at the . rate^of
thirty miles an hour, and all statements of
the rate being forty to fifty miles an hour are
nonsense. /'' Engineer Coffey believes the speed
was not more than twenty miles an hour when
the trains struck. ; The emergency brakes were
set and the throttle of Coftey's engine closed —
whether by Coffey or by the fireman, Dameron,
I^do not know. .
The engine, 1436,- under Coftey's control, v .ls
one of the finest large eight- wheel passenger
engines belonging to the Southern Pacific Com
pany. It Is of the . "C. W." jj class and ' has a
72-lnch driver. 00.000 pounds on the drivers
and 190 pounds of steam. She has been giving
excellent service on through overland trains
on the western division for a long time and
was assigned to the coast division when : the
new card took effect on December. 6. She was
In first-class shape and the superintendent and
master mechanic of tha western division ob
jected strenuously, to the engine being • taken
from them. Any contention by Coffey that the
engine was "cranky" and took his attention
from the track will scarcely prove valid.
Cordona and Savanla, the two men who
died in the hospital yesterday, were Ital
ian section hands who were returning
to Cordona's home in Oakland, where
they intended passing the holidays. Cor
dona was . 65 years old, and ' he leaves a
large family. ; Savahia was not married.
The liabilities for personal damages of
the railroad company will not be heavy.
Of the passengers :who had paid fares
none were seriously. Injured, and many of
them have. already accepted settlements
offered by ' the company. Cordona,. and
Savanla, former / employes, were riding
on passes. ..-.. \
The , Wells-Fargo Company does not
know the extent j of its loss, and will • not
know until reports are In from offices all
along the line. ;'It is known. that a large
amount of. coin was . In the , car, but the
waybills were burned. It was stated in
Superintendent Liangtry*s office yesterday
that any estimate : of the company's ■ loss
would be simply guesswork, as •little re
liable as guessing -at the winning num
ber in a lottery. :!: , .'
CROWDS : VIEW . THE WBECEL
SALINAS, Dec 20.— The spot where the
collision occurred on the Southern -Pacific
Railroad at Uplands Thursday morning
is still the scene of many visitors curious
to, view the wreck of two; iron horses.
People from far! and ' near -'flock to \ the
scene of the disaster anxiously, watching
every', movement made by -the clearing
crew, fearful that some friend might be
uncovered at any, minute. The debris is
being raised as rapidly as human hands
can accomplish it, but it will be three or
four days before the work will be com
pleted.
Latest reports received in this city, give
the finding of one more body and, many
more ' are expected to be ' found. Reports
were- current here this morning that ow
ing to the southbound train I being . late
Wednesday night the engineer on this
train was given orders at King City to
remain there until the arrival of the
northbound train, but on; looking at his
watch he claimed he had ample time in
which to reach the switch.
The night operator, at King City, on be
ing questioned in regard to , the matter,
says he gave.no such orders and 'that all
talk about him ■ giving any warning of
that nature Is fictitious. . He says the in
structions to both engineers- were plain
and explicit. > -- - '- :
INQT7EST BEGINS.
Coroner's Jury at San' Lucas Listens
to the Evidence of Trainmen. \
■ SAN LUCAS, Dec. 20.— The 'remains of
Messenger Thurber were charred almost
beyond recognition when they were recov
ered from the wreckage! but there is no
doubt of their identity.
The Coroner's, inquest over . the . dead
bodies of k Owen W. Thurber and . Fireman
W.C. Garland was begun to-day. ,
.*••" The witnesses examined were Conductor
Wallls and Engineer Konold of ..Train No.
10,- Conductor Williams and Fireman
Superintendent Says
Coffey Deserves
| Sympathy.
Dameron of Train No. 9, Station Agent
Sharp of King City and the station agent
at San Ardo. They testified regarding the
receipt and delivery of the train order
which stated that -the northbound and
southbound trains were to pass each other
at Uplands.
The incidents attending the collision were
told by the . witnesses substantially as
have already ■ been related. . The inquest
was then adjourned until 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
Engine Breaks Down.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 20.— The north-bound
Los Angeles express had a succession of
breakdowns to-night, finally being tied up
for several hours at a point about three
miles from San Jose. A broken eccentric
was said to be the cause of the trouble.
Efforts were made to secure an engine
from San Jose. Conductor Muller took a
passenger's bicycle that was in the bag
gage- car and rode around the neighbor
hood seeking assistance. Passengers tried
to find a telephone, but their efforts were
unavailing. Finally the break was re
paired and the train crawled into San
Jose many hours late. The passengers
were landed in San Francisco nearly three
hours behind time.
TBEIGHT TBAT1TS COLLIDE
ON THE NORTHERN" PACIFIC
TACOMA, Dec. 20.— Two extra freight
trains on the Northern Pacific collided
near Weston at 5:30 o'clock this after
noon. . Both engines were damaged, ten
cars were derailed and the track was
blocked for several hours. Wrecking out
fits i from Tacoma and Ellen3burg were
sent to clear, the tracks. The cars dam
aged were laden with coal. Conductor C.
A. Fisk on the eastbound train was
slightly injured. Engineer Kelly, on the
westbound train, has not yet been found
and there 'is a possibility that he may be
found, under the wreck. The cause of
the accident is being investigated.
Collision on the Missouri Pacific
LEAVENWORTH, Dec. ,20.-Mlssouri
Pacific passenger train No. 53, due here
at 5:25 p. m., and a freight train met In
head-on collision near Nearman, a station
close to WolcotL No one was injured.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
JUDGE SAYS
HIS LIFE IS
IN JEOPARDY
Hints That Lynchers'
Counsel Desire His
Assassination.
Remarkable Utterance Prom
the Bench During the Al
turas Trial.
Attorneys for the Defense Hake Bit
ter Retort and for a Time a
Courtroom Tragedy Is
Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
AL.TURAS. Dec. 20.— For a time to-day
spectators at the trial of James W. Brown.,
the alleged Lookout lyncher, were mo
mentarily expecting to see pistols brought
into play and to hear the ping of bullets.
Probably no more exciting scene has ever
been enacted in a California court than
occurred thi3 afternoon, when Superior
Judge Harrington declared In unequivocal
terms from the bench that the attorneys
for the defense desired his assassination.
The Judge did not mince words, and his
expressed fear that he would be shot
from ambush before the present trials
were concluded brought bitter retorts
from the attorneys for Brown. Raker,
one of the men representing the defen
dant, grossly insulted the court In his
reply, but in the excitement of the mo
ment his remark was passed with only a
verbal rebuke. The bitterness between
Judge Harrington and Attorneys Harris
and Raker, representing the* alleged
lynchers, has now grown to deadly
hatred, and residents of Alturas are pre
dicting that a tragedy will be enacted be
fore the present trial draws to a close.
Agnes Wilson was on the stand under
cross-examination and the. defense tried
in every possible way to cause the child
to contradict herself. Agnes testified that
she unhitched the horses she and her
mother had used in coming back from
Bieber and tied them" to the hitching post.
Deputy Constable Brown, the defendant,
unhitched them from the post and kicked
them and they ran away. This was on
the day of the arrest of her stepfather.
Calvin Hall, and her brothers. The girl
and her mother found their home in the
greatest disorder, it having been searched
try the party.
■ Court Fears Assassination.
It was. during the cross-examination of
the half-breed child that the bitter dis
pute between the court and counsel for
the defense arose. Brown's lawyers at
tacked the girl's testimony and incident
ally the character of the members of the
family. Finally Judge Harrington inter
posed.
"Such conduct will not be permitted
while I am on the bench," said he.
"Well, you won't be there long," retort
ed Lawyer Harris.
"I will be here until my term is up.
Judge Harris, unless some of you assas
sinate mo or shoot me from behind,"
answered the court.
Harris said* that ha never yet tried to
assassinate any human being, and the
court replied In substance that he had.
"You can't prove any such thing." ex
claimed Harris, and Raker, his associate
counsel, added:
"Well, that is a nice remark for a man
to make on the bench. We don't want to
kill anybody. If I wanted to kill any
body, I would kill a man. There is no
man in here wants to assassinate you or
anybody else. If there is we want to see
him. I can prove by a dozen different
witnesses that witness Courtwright said
he came down off the stand to kill me
and would have done so if the Sheriff
had not interfered."
"This is none of your put-in, Mr. Ra
ker. Harris is the man I have been talk
ing to, and when the time comes I can
prove my assertion," said the court.
"You can't prove any such thing by
anybody," was Judge Harris' retort.
Apologies Not Forthcoming.
Here the controversy ended without
apologies from any of the three. Neither
of the attorneys representing the State
had anything to- say while the war of
words was proceeding.
When some measure of calm had been
restored Agnes Wilson continued her tes
timony. She said that after Calvin Hall's
arrest Deputy Constable Brown swore at
the aged man and jabbed him in the back
with the muzzle of his rifle.
Counsel for the defense thia afternoon
objected to Assistant Attorney General
Post quoting law in support of his argu
ments. Judge Harris declared that this
was not a law college, but sarcastically
remarked that If Post should start such
an Institution he (Harris) would attend.
Senator Sewell Improves
CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. 20.— United States
Senator William J. Sewell, who is lying
seriously ill at his residence here, is much
improved over yesterday. At 11 o'clock
to-night his physicians said the Senator
passed a comfortable day and Is doing
well to-night. He* is very cheerful and
carried on a conversation during the
evening with the doctors. The physicians
entertain no apprehension at this time of
a serious change in his condition.
lime. Tsilka Is Reported Dead.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— "Semi-official news
received here from Constantinople," says
the Rome correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph, "asserts that Male. Tsilka U
dead and that Miss Stone, the American
captive, will be released almost Imme
diately."
Babe Is Fatally Burnsd
SAN MIGUEL, Dec. CO.— While emulat
ing their father, who had been burring
stubble, two children of Thomas Horden
of Bradley started, a small grass fire. The
dress of the youngest, a girl of two years,
was ignited and, she was so badly burned
that death soon followed.2
BEING CALLED UPON TO EXPLAIN,
MILES MAY POSE AS ARMY MARTYR
While Secretary Root Is Waiting to Hear From
the Commanding General the Champions of
Schley and Sampson File Protests and Reports
Special IDispatch, to Tlie Call.
ALL BUREAU. 1406 Q STREET,
(f 7 M. \\\. WASHINGTON. Dec 20.—
(I . General Miles has been requested
by Secretary Root to explain his
Interview in which he accused
the Navy Department of being in a con
spiracy to destroy. Admiral Schley. Sec
retary Loiig brought this interview to the
attention of the President when It was
published.* The President directed Sec
retary Hoct to call the attention of Miles
to the published report of his utterances
and also to tho Impropriety of his criti
cism oX a. co-ordinate branch of the serv
ice regarding a matter still pending be
fore that department. Root sent his let
ter to stiles last night, and is awaiting a
reply. The General has not yet made a
reply and the whole affair is kept secret
in the War JDepartment.
U Miies acknowledges the correctness
of the report of his interview, the Presi
dent ■Bill reprimand him for indiscretion
and sji exaunpie or insubordination. There
is still same question as to Allies' purpose
in ji'Ti'p'^g into this controversy over tho
;>ehiey ca&e. He has been in continual m
fcucordmauon ever since the war with
ijnajn. and has lost no opportunity to eni
b&rraLSS tne administrations of both 21c
iUElej- and Koosevelt. He has sought to
lie xega-raed as a martyr to the War i>e
partment, ana having tailed he has taiten
isides in the naval controversy. If he i3
reprimanded he ™ay demand a court of
inquiry and embarrass ,the Wax Depart
ment 10 Had omcers of equal rank to try
rum ililes would, however, be a martyr
end an equal with Schley in his appeal
lo the ltemocratic party looking ior a
niar^jr candidate for Jfresldent.
Judge Advocate Reports.
Judge Advocate Lemly and j Solicitor
Harm* this aiieraoon submitted to Secre
tary Liong their report of the bill of ob
jecdons Wed by Admiral Schley through
jiis counsel to the rinding of tne Schiey
court of inquiry. In suDStance this re
port is nn argument supplementary to liie
argument made by the writers before thj
court of inquiry. The principal points are
an insistence upon their contention that
the first report is the unanimous report
of the court of inquiry; that the court
was justified in rejecting Admiral
Scniey s evidence by the number of wit
ness who took issue with him, and tiiat
there is no sufficient reason for a reopen
ing of the case, as requested by Admiral
ScnJey.
The report begins:
A comxE-uoication dated the ISth instant,
Elgaed by Hear Admiral WJ S. Schley and by
lsid&r haynor and James Parker, his coun
sel, objecuns to the approval of ihe findings
cf the court of Inquiry in the case of Rear
Admiral Scbley, and asking particularly, that
•ohat the signers are pleased to term the opin
ion cf tbe majority of the court be remined
to the court for further consideration, has
been received bv this department for refer
ence, and is returned with the following etate-
It is somewhat difficult to deal with this pa
per on account of its general and non-specific
character aad sweeping though unsupported
assertion of opinion by the applicant and
by his counsel that, in their Judgment, the ad
verse finding of the court is not Justified by
the evidence. The paper might be dismissed
as eimply a not unexpected expression of dis
satisfaction with an adverse judgment, but
for the fact that it contains a number of mis
riateinenis, and particularly has woven
throughout the entire structure an "inaccurate
and misleading" use cf the words "majority of
the court." ' *L
The findings of fact and the opinion of the
court of inquirv In the case of Admiral Schley
on the more important and material points
before it were not reached by a majority of
the members only, but by the entire court.
The points of the precept upon which all the
members of the court unite appear to be in
controvertibly established by the evidence;, it
is not understood how any other conclusions
conld have been reached upon them, and they
constitute the essential features of the entire
matter under inquiry.
Justifies the Findings.
Lemly and Hanna reviewed at length
the conclusions of the court as to the first
teL charges of the precept, justifying the
findings and declaring that in the face of
tLe facts the court could not have found
oiLc-iwise. The report continues:
I_"pon the points above ect forth, which ap
pear to embrace substantially the important
matters cove-red by the inquiry, the court i3
united and its findings are unanimous. They are
sustained by the unimpeached and unimpeach
able testimony of Commodore Schley's brother
officers, who served with and under him, by
official telegrams, lette-rs and reports and by
the logs of the several vessels of his squadron,
tr\i it would accordingly be idle to remit these
matters to the same body for reconsideration
unon the same evidence.
"it is not by any means intended here to say
that the foregoing principal points covered by
the inquiry are the only points upon whicn
the findings of the court are in all respects or
substantially unanimous; because the truth is
that the court is a unit upon all points, exempt
those as to which the admiral expresses indi
vidual but not in all casts contradictory views.
It does not appear that any good purpose
would be served by asking the court to recon
sider these. ,'• '/■ ;
The judge advocate and his assistant
<?tr:y that the court failed to consider evi
dence. "It was their sworn duty." says
the report, "to consider and weigh that
evidence and the applicant and his coun
sel have no right to say that they have
disregarded it. The court had a perfect
right, after weighing it, to ignore any tes
tiirscny." .' ■ •; , .
As to Wto "Was in Command.
Relative to the contention as to who
commanded the naval forces in the battle
of Santiago, the report says:
If the applicant and his counsel seriouMy
believe, as they now state to be the case, that
the matter of command on July 3 was essen
tial to the applicant's interests it was their
plain duty not only to bring the question be
fore the court, but to insist upon a hearing
th«r«?, and other Interests should have been
heard. To request that the court now rule
upon it is tn ask that another officer's inter
ests be passed upon, to his possible prejudlc;,
in his absence, and -without a hearing— a thins
intolerable, whomsoever may be concerned.
In conclusion we are satisfied that no goo'l
purpose would be served : by remitting the
proceedings or any of the . features of this in
quiry to the court. A more patient, exhaustive
and painstaking -hearing -was never, given;
greater consideration was never extended to
any officer before a military court cf inquiry.
No expense was spared, no convenience or fa
cility denied, no -courtesy refused. The appli
cant has had his day in court and the Judg
ment is against ■ him. - It is accordingly recom
mended that the proceedings be not returned,
but that the matter be concluded by the de
partment's epproval of the unanimous finding.
We have the honor to be.
SAMUEL, C. LEMLY.
Judge Advocate Court of Inquiry.
E. P. HAN'KA.
Associate to Judge Advocate.
The Secretary of the Xavy.
The report, as appears from Its text. Is
solely that of Judgre- Advocate General
Lcmly and Solicitor Hanna, and as such
it was laid before Secretary Long. The
Secretary said this afternoon that he
would not act upon the report to-day. lie
adced that he would also : withhold action
to-day on tne other matters pending: con
nected v.-ith this Issue, namely. Admiral
Sampson's appeal nr.d Admiral Schley's
n<;uest to be allowed to be heard by argu
ment on this appeal, and the findings of
the court of inquiry itself. There was an
intimation, however, that all of these mat
ters would receive attention to-morrow
and would be finally disposed of as far as
the department Is etneerned.
Sampson's Objections Filed.
Tbe objection of Admiral W. T. Sampson
to that portion of Admiral Dewey's report
of the Schley court or inquiry. In which
he says Admiral Schley was in command
at the battle of Santiago and entitled to
the credit for the victory, was filed with
Secretary Long to-day. The document
was- broug:ht to the Navy • Department by
K. S. Theall of counsel for Admiral Samp
8on, who handed it to the Secretary. It is
as follows:
SO BROAD STREET,
NEW YORK. Dec. 19. 1901.
SJr: Am counsel for Rear Admiral Sampson
we have the honor to request that the de
partment, tor the reasons below stated, strike
out or officially disapprove that portion of
Admiral Dewey'e opinion filed In connection
with the proceedings of the fichley court of
inquiry in which he stated his view . to be
that Commodore Schley was in absolute com
mand at the nav£l battle of Santiago.
X. Commodore Schley Was not in command
at that battle.
II. Th« President of the United States and
the Navy Department bad decided that Ad
znlral Sampson waa In command at that bat-
tle and Commodore Schley second In com
mand.
III. The question as to the command at San
tiago was not referred to the court for con
sideration and. evidence bearing on the point
was excluded. - . •,.;:■ ■::
L Commodpre Schley was not In command
at that battle.
(a) The disposition of the forces at the
beginning- of the battle, according • to Commo
dore Schley's own statement, places Admiral
Sampson in command.
The Brooklyn and tne Vixen were the west
ernmost ships of the fleet; the Indiana and
Gloucester were the easternmost. The New
York was nearer both of the latter than was
the Brooklyn, and notably at the time when
the Indiana was heavily engaged at the be
ginning of the action and when the Gloucester
was engaged with the Furor and Huton.
Commodore Schley cays:
"The Indiana and Gloucester • • • were
closer to your flagship," than to the Brook
lyn. We have then the case of a/ fleet in a
regular formation with the commander in
chief within signal distance and closer to ; a
large number of ships than is the second in
command. It is true that the commander
in chief could not have reached the most dis
stant vessel by signals, except by causing
ihem to be repeated by an intermediate vessel
— aa entirely useless course — but it is also
true that the second in command couH not
have reached the remote vessels of the fleet
namely the Indiana and the Gloucester — with
out likewise repeating signals. »
Senior Officer Is Responsible.
la this state of affairs, the regulations of
the navy and the customs of the sea ■ place
the absolute command and the full responsi
bility in the senior officer.
(b) The Brooklyn's maneuver during the
action destroys any claim that Commodore
Schley might have had to the command. • Tho
tacts as to the loop are found by the court.
The finding and opinion show that to avoid
danger to his own ship he maneuvered with
out warning to the rest oz the squadron, and
in disregard of the fleet formation.
IL The President of the United States and
the Navy Department had decided that Ad
miral Sampson was in command at that bat
tle and Commodore Schley second in command.
This fact was before the court; for the Sec
retary's letter to the Senate (dated February
<», 1S99) states that the Spanish squadron was
destroyed "by our fleet under his (Sampson's)
command," and the advancement of Commo
dore Schley was proposed in recognition of his
services as next in rank at the battle of San
tiaro.
III. The question as to who commanded at
Santiago was not referred to the court for
consideration. Evidence bearing on the point
waa excluded.
(a) If Commodore Schley. was in command
Admiral Sampson was not. and if the question
as to which was in command was to be con
sidered by the court surely Admiral Sampson
became an interested party and under the pre
cept was entitled to the hearing which was
repeatedly refused him.
(b) The language of the precept excludes
the question as to who commanded at that
battle. It directs the court to inquire into
the conduct of Admiral Schley — not into his
status or as to whether or not he was in com
mand — and to report its conclusions upon his
conduct in connection with the events of the
Santiago campaign.
(c) Tbe Judicial officers of the court main
tained that this matter was outside the scope
of the inquiry. They expressed willingness
to go Into it if their view should be-over
ruled, but were in every instance sustained by
the court.
Court Proceedings Quoted.
Thus at pajre 15T the assistant to the judge
advocate said: "One further word as to a
suggestion just made as to the intention to
show that Admiral Sampson was not in this
battle. I wish to say that we do not under
stand that the question whether Admiral Samp,
son was or was not in the battle of Santiago
Is before the court. If it is we shall be happy
to investigate it. • • • Until the case takes
that attitude it is improper to spread upon the
records arguments and questions which pro
ceed upon the theory that he ia in the case."
Counsel for the applicant withdrew the
question.
At page 490 of the record the same matter
being under discussion. Mr. Hanna said; "If
it is the desire of the court to go into these
things it would, of course, be proper, but it
would not be necessary. • * • We are thor
oughly prepared to go into any discussion of
them provided the court desires so "to enlarge
and extend the scope of this inquiry."
Counsel for the applicant arain failed to
press the point and the court made no objec
tion to Mr. Hanna'a view.
At pages 153 and 1080 there were similar
rulings by the judge advocate. In the case
of all those declarations there was acquiescence
on the part of the court. ■ - .
(d) The court uniformly rejected evidence
as to who commanded. On all the pages herein
cited frcm the record the court rejected such
evidence and nowhere was It admitted against
objection.
(e) The court more than once specifically
ruled that thl3 question was not before it.
For example: At psff« 15S0. where the ques
tion was as to the position of ihe commander
in chief and of the New York and as to the
part they took in the "battle. Admiral Dewey
raid: "VTe do not want that. We have ruled
that cut." The Judge advocate then asked If
the court had so ruled and Admiral Dewey re
plied: "We have. We have kept tae ■ New
York out of it."
See also page 4S1:
E.ow the Court Euled.
(O — The court went so far as to rule, at
pege 1%21, that Admiral Schley was not in
commend during the battle. The matter then
before the court related to the periods during
which Admiral Schley had been in absolute
command, and the Judge advocate said: "Mr.
Raync-r. you are confining yourself to July
ere ycu?"
Rayner, in reply, acquiesced in this view,
and the court ruled that "all. questions
• • • shall be confined to between the ISHls
cf May and the let of June, relating to th<j
organization, management and control of that
rquadion, when he was actually commander
lu-chicf. Matters referring tothis alleged com-*
raand on July :i were excluded."
On page 1133 the court confirms this deci
sion.
<SJ— All propeeed questions on this subject
wore either rejected by the court or withdrawn
by the applicant, who finally acquiesced in the
decisions of the court and tjave up his ef
forts in this behalf, saying: "I bow respect
fully to the decision of the court and I know
exactly what it means."
Instances of the withdrawal cf such ques
tions rrd o? their rejection by the court will
be found in the record at paces 13S, 157' iS>4,
183 and 1080.
(h) — The minority opinion expressed by Ad
miral Dewey in this matter is at variance with
all the- rullnss of the court in this regard and
diroctly contradicts the letters wherein Ad
miral Dewey for the' court, defines Admiral
Sampson's status.
The Navy Dcr-artment*. in Its precept had
justly provided that. any person "Interested"
might be' given an opportunity of appearing
before the court in persan or by counsel and
protecting his rights. As counsel for the ap
plicant ignored, at times the court's rulmg3
and piiread upon the record arguments reflect
ing upon 'Admiral Sampson, we, as his counsel,
three separate times appealed to the court,
cskiEg for protection or lor permission to ap
pear and defend Admiral Sampson's rights.
Each time our request was denied and we were
assured that Admiral Samson was not in
volved, and findly. Admiral Dewey, acknowl
edging the receipt of . on<» of our letters in
•which we haa -appealea to him on the ground
of this very -question as to who .cemmanded
at Santiago, . said : [ "I have to state while
the precept convening this court gives it au
thority to permit any person whom it may
regard as * concerned in the investigation, to
be present * • • the court considered that
Admiral Sampson \a not an Interested party
• • * and ycu aie further informed that If
circumstances arise which, in the opinion of
tho court, render it necessary for Admiral
Sampson to be represented due notice will be
sent him."
Upon that promise Admiral Sampson relied.
The notice came only in the form of a minor
ity opinion by Admiral Dewey discussing mat
ters beyond the accpe of the precept and
nowhere Included In the facts found by the
court. Very respectfully,
STAYTON & CAMPBELL.
', E. S. THEALL,
Counsel for Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson.
To the Hon. Secretary or the Navy.
May Seek New Solution.
Early in the day Admiral Schley be
came aware of the fact that the protest
of Stayton & Campbell on behalf of Ad
miral Sampson had reached Secretary
Long, and he made a request of the Secre
tary to be furnished with an official copy
of the protest, but was informed that aa
the protests of both admirals at that time
were being considered by the Judge advo
cate general the Secretary could not take
immediate action on the request. Secre
tary Long went to the White House some
time before the Cabinet meeting, and it Is
understood he took with him the two doc
uments. ' ,..-.
In the event that Secretary Long ap
proves .the recommendation of Captain
Lemly and Hanna it is said on reliable
authority that the suggestion will bo
made to the President by Admiral
Schley'o counsel that be appoint a board
of three .eminent lawyers, one to be se
lected by himsdf and one each to be se
lected by Admiral Schley and Admiral
Sampson, this board to weigh the evi-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
GAGE TO RETIRE FROM CABINET,
BUT HAY WILL RETAIN PORTFOLIO
Secretary of ■ the Treasury Says He Has Not "Formally Resigned, but
His Intention Is to Relinquish Place in Cabinet Before Spring or
as Soon as President Roosevelt Can Select a Suitable Successor
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— It Is
Secretary Gage's intention to
. relinquish the treasury port
folio as soon as President
Roosevelt can find a suitable
successor, and he has so informed the
President. Gage would like to be re
lieved before spring. The President has
done all he could to dissuade Secretary
Gage from retiring and will probably con
tinue to use his efforts in that direction.
Secretary Gage's ■ determination to retire
was made known to the President some
little time ago, just how long Is not
known. The long conference between the
President and the Secretary before the
Cabinet meeting which followed the Sec
retary's return from New York, where he
attended the banquet of the Bankers' As
sociation last night, had nothing to do
with the question of the Secretary's res
ignation. It related to the matter of the
removal of Appraiser Wakeman. :
After the Cabinet meeting Secretary
Gage declined to say anything about the
rumors of his resignation beyond the sim
ple statement that he had not "formally"
resigned.
"What I may or may not do eventually
I am not prepared to say now," said the
Secretary. "But I can say that the rela
tions between the President and myself
are perfectly cordial. He would do almost
anything I would ask and I would do
almo3t anything he might ask."
In view of the repeated publications of
late to the general effect that Secretary
Hay is about to retire from the Cabinet,
a statement is given with full authority
touching this subject substantially to the
effect that Secretary Hay does not now
contemplate retirement from the Cabinet.
This statement applies not only to the
present moment, but to that indefinite
period fixed by the conclusion of.the-ne-.
ITALY WANTS
MORE PROTECTION
Question of Lynching in
This Country Is
Discussed.
ROME, Dec. 20.— In tho Senate to-day
Baron Fava, formerly Italian Embassador
at Washington, raisbd the question of
lynchir.gs in the .United States in which
there had been a repetition of grave
events, he said, and where the guilty per
sons had notbeen discovered. Baron Fava
referred to" the:- suggestion' of the late
President McKinley, after the lynching at
Erwin, Miss., respecting legislation for the
protection, of foreigners and alluded feel
ingly to the high esteem in which the late
President McKinley and the late King
Humbert! both victims of-assassins, were
held by their respective, countrymen.
Kepiying to Baron Fava, Signor Prin-.
etti, Minister of Foreign Affairs, declared
that neither the Italian Government nor
Italian diplomats were guilty of any neg
ligence in their efforts to secure the tri
umph of Justice, but, owing to the reti
cence of witnesses,. it had beeh impossible
to Identify the culprits and the Grand
Jury had declared, according to the Usual
formula, that the lynching In question
haa occurred by "the will of God." This
statement from Signor Prinetti. caused a
sensation. .
Continuing, the . Foreign Minister ' said
that the% Italian Government would con
tinue to protest, in the hope of obtaining
satisfaction, against a state of affairs
which- constituted an> offense against in
ternational treaties."' The Government had
represented what a serious thing it waa,
said Signor Prinetti, that the Government
of the United States should declare itself
unable to fulfill Its engagements In con
formity with the international treaties.
To this representation the American
Government nad not replied in writing,
but it had admitted that the ' Italian
claims were well founded, and had prom
ised carefully to consider the question.
Minister Prinetti said that he agreed with
Baron Fava i^his expressed opinion that
dence and report to the' President. It is
said there are a. number of .precedents for
such action. ■ ■ . .■ .
•Dr. W. H. Dickson, the physician In at
tendance upon Rear Admiral Sampson,
to-day made the following statement re
garding his patient's condition:
The admiral is not in any immediate dan
ger. H« gets out for exercise every day,
weather permitting. He smokes his cigar after
dinner. He Is not feeble, but Just in impaired
health. His . heart action is quite vigorous.'
His life may be prolonged for many years or
it may be very brief, so far as any. one knows.
TWO MEMBERS; QF PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S CABINET, ONE OF
, WHOM WILL. RESIGN HIS PORTFOLIO JUST AS SOON AS THE
'CHIEF EXECUTIVE CAN SELECT A SUITABLE SUCCESSOR.
gotiatlons to the construction of an isth
mian canal. Also it is stated with equal
positiveness and authority that President
Koosevelt has in the strongest terms ex
pressed to Secretary Hay his earnest de
sire that he shall remain in the Cabinet,
of which he forms one of the principal
props. Thus, according to the statement,
the Secretary's Inclinations and the Presi
dent's desires run together and there is
an indemnity for the lives of Italians who
had been lynched should not be refused,
but that he considered that indemnities
ought not to be regarded as a set off to
the crimes committed.
At the same time, continued the speak
er, it was impossible to compel the fam
ilies of the victims to renounce the In
demnities spontaneously offered them.
The Italian Government, continued the
Foreign Minister, would ask for no indem
nities as the price of the blood of ita citi
zens. • but it would not object if indemni
ties were given to the relatives of the de
ceased.
The Italian Government acted upon the
principle, concluded Signor Prinetti, that
Italy should insure her subjects abroad
with an effective but not arrogant protec
tion, which was inspired by the senti
ments of civilization, legality and modera
tion which she had hitherto exhibited in
her relations with foreign states in which
her sons had met with open and fruitful
hospitality.
C0ETGEH, GIVES NEWS
TO CHINA TBAVELERS
American Minister Supplies Informa
tion About the Bangers That
• ' Beset the Tourist.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.-Minister Con
ger has reported to the State Department
certain correspondence between: himself
and the Chinese Government regarding
the precautions to be taken by foreigners
traveling in tho inland districts of China
to insure their personal safety.
The. Board of Foreign Affairs ' has ', re
quested that In accordance with treaty
provisions travelers in. the interior of the
country and away from, the vicinity of
the treaty ports should always be provid
ed with passports. It is further desired
that 'travelers give the local authorities
notice in advance of their Intention to go
farther, In order that the authorities of
the province toward, which they are trav
eling may be notified and suitable guard
be dispatched with them to protect them
from Jiarm.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Fazo Ointment to^refund
money where it falls to cure any caae'of piles,
no matter of how Ions standing. Cures ordinary
cases Ir. six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and re;t. Relieves
itching instantly. This is-a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no ctire no pay. /X free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending name-and ad
dress. Price, 5Oc. If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward • full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDKHNE. CO.. St. Louis. Mo,, who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
BAKERSFIELD, Dee. = 20.— T>; "A. Urquhart,
who was recently convicted of forgfery and
who pleaded guilty to another charge, was
to-day sentenced to ten years' imprisonment
by ! Superior Judge Mahon. The prisoner was
given one year on the charge on which he waa
found guilty, and nine years on 'that to which
he pleaded suilty. - ■;
Stops the Cough
And ' works off 1 th« cold. Laxative Broroo
Quinine -Tablets euro a cold In one day. No
Curie.. No- Pay. Prtcj* 25'centa.' •
no foundation for the report' that Secre
tary Hay is to leave his post.
CBANE MAT GET PORTFOLIO.
Governor of Massachusetts Likely to
Succeed Gage.
WASHINGTON, ' Dec. 20.— Winthrop
Murray Crane, Governor of Massachu
setts, was the first caller at the White
House this morning, arriving at 7:45 and
taking breakfast with the President. Gov
ernor Crane by a singular coincidence
came from, New York on the same train
with \ Secretary Gage, leaving there at
midnight. . The Governor went to tne
Arlington HoteU where he registered in
an . lnflnitesimally small hand. "W. H.
Crane, Dalton, Mass." Then he called a.
cab and disappeared. The early bird
catches the worm, it is said, and the sig
nificance of Crane's early breakfast at
the White House is that he may have
caught there the Secretaryship of the
Treasury, If not for himself , then for
some other good New England Republi
can.
President Koosevelt has determined to
go to that part of the country for a suc
cessor to Secretary Gage, and for several
days. he has been "asking New England
Congressmen about Governor Crane and
about other New Englanders -who have
special- qualifications as business men and
financiers. In the caurse of his search
* . ■
the name of Governor Crane was sug
gested Or came to him, and he was at
once Invited to Washington. The result
of the early conference was that Gover
nor Crane now has under consideration
the question of whether he could so ar
range his political and business affairs as
to accept the Secretaryship of the Treas
ury if it should be formally offered to
him.
TORTURE SQUAW
OVER FLAMES
Idaho Indians Guilty of
Practicing Horrible
Cruelty.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LEWISTON, Idaho, Dec. 20.— Horrible
in its details was a story of cruelty re
lated to the local officials to-day by a
squaw who was found on a trail near Ue
Indian camp at Lap.wai and brought to
this city yesterday. Apparently she was
suffering from frozen feet, and the In
dians wtio brought her to the County Jail
and left her there declared she was in
sane: AH night long the poor creature
shrieked in agony. To-day an interpreter
was engaged and through him the
squaw's story was obtained.
Because they believed she was possessed
of an evil spirit the Indians of the Lap
wai village, she said, demanded that she
leave. When she refused they tied her
hand and foot and held her feet over o
fire. The terrible pain unseated her rea
son temporarily and: she knows nothing
of what occurred afterward until she
found herself cared for in the County
Jail. Apparently she was carried out of
camp and left on the trail, where other
Indians afterward picked her up and
brought her to this city. . It is believed
the party that conveyed her hither was
acting under orders from the head men
of the village. . . , ■-? ..
Physicians who examined the squaw to
day say that the condition oZ her feet in
dicates burning-. An Investigation is he
ing conducted by the county officials.
BRITISH CAPITALISTS ry;vd
ARE NOT YET READY
Story About the Prospective Oil JfisM
Magnates Is Now Termed '
\ i i Premature.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— The cable- dispatches
received here from New i'ork announcing
that British capitalists have acquired a
substantial interest in the Texas oil fields
and large quantities, of Texas oil will.be
shipped to Rouen; Havre, Middlesborough
and London are premature. Efforts are
being made to organize- a company to ef
fect this, but it Is not expected that It will
be formed before the middle of January,
8 The report that ex-Governor Hogg cf
Texas Is coming over here is incorrect, as
aro also the statements regarding the in
tention to purchase British steamers
Transportation -will not figure in the ope
rations of the company.
Beautiful Children— See California: types in
Wasp;s Christmas number. Cosmopolitan Cali
fornia illustrated. •
GROUND IS BROKEN FOR GREAT
WORLD'S FAIR AT ST. LOLIS
In Zero Weather the Governors of Tour Louisiana
Purchase States and Many Other Men of Note
Pcrtcipate in the Most Interesting Ceremonies
T LOUIS, Dec. 2O.-The Gover
other invited guests, among them U£
the thermometer registered around zero,
emulated ot an evocation addre^es ana
the breaking or ground on the site o tn
education DuUding by the /^"t^J. Jea
expositfbn company, municjpal author.ties
and invited gutsts. brands Con-
A banquet at tne °o ut^ r v n 3^og r imme
evening completed the day * P^^tant
This day was selected *" r .Jj 1 * *ry of tne
event because it is tne a™ 1 ™"^ «. rrl- e
formal transfer of f'f'' 1^
tory to the United States. *ayvu*
a holiday in St. Louis an d tbrout,noui
Missouri, as well as in most _of t he i-uj
chase States, whose Govenwre is suea
proclamations, asking for a p™™L« e
servance ( of it as ".Louisiana Purcnaae
for the event had
ing the parade, and substitute others. The
open-air exercises attending the ground
breaking were transferred to the co^
Distinguished Men Wield Shovel.
. A _■» A . ,]|-. lft tr,rJ Q Till f^flf
At the appointed time directors »»«""»
ceVs of theXouisiana Purchase Company.
General John C. Bates. c^P* 1 }^ °f the
Department of the Missouri:, Major Hen
ry K. Hunter. Fifteenth United States
Cavalry, and other army officers. Gover
nors of States and puests assembled at
the St. Louis Club. Carriages were taken
and the party was driven to Forest Park
where the ceremony of breaking ground
was carried out. A huge fire had been
built on the structural site of the educa
tional building to soften the fround.
Arriving at the site the party wielded
the shovel in this order: President Da
vid R. Francis. Treasurer W. H. Thomp
son. Secretary Walter B. Stevens.
General Counsel Blair. Director of
Exhibits Skiff. Director of
Taylor. Chief of the Department
of Education Rogers and the archi
tect of the educational building, vice pres
idents of the exposition company, mem
bers of the executive committee, repre
sentatives of the World's Fair National
Commission and the board of lady man
agers and the chairman of each or tne
standing committees of the company. As
this part of the ceremony was being car
ried out Battery A, Missouri National
Guard, fired a salute of sixty guns, di
vided into nine groups with three-minute
intervals, as follows: Twenty-five for the
thirteen original States and those created
from them, fourteen for Louisiana pur
chase States, one for Florida, one for
Texas, three for the Territories discov
ered and settled subsequent to 1846. five
for the States ceded by Mexico in 1848,
nine for the insular possessions, one for
Alaska and one for the District of Colum
bia. ' *
During these proceedings moving pict
ures of the scenes enacted and the bat
tery in action were taken by a biograph
and mutascope . company for exhibition
purposes.
At : the conclusion of this part or the
ceremony the party was driven down
town. Stopping at the armory of the
First Infantry, Missouri National Guard,
Colonel Sinclair commanding, the party
was received with military honors and es
corted to the Coliseum, where the re
mainder of the programme was carried
out.- The immense hall of the Coliseum
was crowded with thousands of persons,
among whom were many children, the
public schools having been closed for the
day. ;«'->> ' •
Exercises at the Coliseum.
On the platform at one side of the Coli
seum, decorated with United States flags
and banners and bunting of red.white and
blue and yellow, the official colors of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, were
seated the officers of the world's fair, mu
nicipal official s, Congressman James A.
Tawney and World's Fair National Com
missioner Joseph N. M. Allen, the orator
of the day. Governors of States, national
commissioners, members of the board of
lady managers, General Bates and staff,
Governor Van Sant of Minnesota, Gov
ernor Savage of Nebraska, Governor Da
vis of Arkansas. Governor Dockery of
Missouri, Colonel John Oglesby, repre
senting Governor Yates of Illinois, who
sent regrets, and members of the Illinois
World's Fair Commission and other in
vited guests.
President D. R. Francis of the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition Company called
the Coliseum meeting to order, and the
Rev. Dr. Samuel J. Nlcolls of Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church pronounced the
invocation. Hon. James A. Tawney of
Minnesota, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Expositions, made the first ad
dress. He said in part:
The importance of this exposition as a
means of educating ourselves and other nations
in the knowledge of those things that make
us the foremost nation of the globe cannot be
overestimated. It will be important and bene
ficial, too, in that it will- give to 'our social
and industrial fabric a moral and an intellec
tual significance that Is the pnde of America
and the envy of the world. One of its chief
values, however, will be in tho opportunity for
strengthening and cultivating: more intimate
social and Industrial relations between the
States and between the .United States and for
eign countries.
Another great object to be accomplished, one
that transcends all others, is in the fact that
this exposition is intended and will commemo
rate the first centennial of the greatest inter
national event in our history, the one that
marks the beginning of that national policy
that ha* made us a world power, without which
our present industrial and political supremacy
could never have been achieved.
World's Fair Commissioner John Allen
of Mississippi, who was to have followed
Mr. Tawney with an address, was de
tained in Kansas City, and Governor Jef
ferson Davi3 of Arkansas was substi
tuted. Governor Davis made a few re
marks, confining himself almost wholly
to a prediction of the world's fair success.
"Wide Scope of the Exposition.
The exposition will "be held in celebration of
the /centennial of what Is known in history as
the Louisiana Purchaser By this transaction
the United States Government in 1803 secured
from France all the land lying between the
Mississippi River and the Rocky Mountain^
an area of more than a million square miles
and exceeding: the territory of the United
States at that time. Fourteen States and Ter
ritories have been created out of the Louisiana
Territory, havlne a total present population 'of
about 15.0C0.C0O and an estimated wealth of
$30,OO0,€00.00O. The citizens and corporations
of St. Louis raised by private subs-riDtlcn
fR.OOO.pOQ, the municipality of St. LoulU addea
$5,000,000. the State of Missouri appropriated
$1,000,000 and the United States has given its
indorsement and help to the extent of $5 OOO -
000. besides appropriating JJ250.C00 for th- 'Gov
ernment buildinsra. Appropriations have been
to a !250 b 0CO eVeral StatM ranSin * frOm * 15 ' 000
**. On TT th . e S Oth of *«*"■' last the President of
the United States issued a proclamation ad
dressed to all the nations of the world invltlnir
them to participate In the World's Fair at s£
| What Shall We
; Have for Dessert?
j This question arises in tie family
V every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
a delicious and healthful dessert Pre-
! pared in two minutes. No boiling » no
baking V add boiling water" and set to
cool. Wavorsr-Lcmon, Oranre, Rasp-
? berry and Strawberry. Get a^pkckSo
; at your grocers to-day, io cts
t i^ouia. Tfcia invitation was delivered through
' diplomatic channels to the head? of the various
i uovernments, and favorable replies have been
received irom a lar*e number of them. Indi
cating a world-wide intereut in the espcai-
The site is in the western part of the city
the authorities having set aside more than 606
acres of Forest Park and an adjacent area
havtns been secured makes & total of r.early
120U acres. Included In the fair grounds are
tne buildings and grounds of "Washington Uni
versity, valued at Jtt.OUO.OCO.
The principal buildings ior the exposition are
to be arranjeed accordi-iiK to a symmetrical
plan, somewhat in the form of a fan, la the
northeastern part of the Forest Park sec
tion. The principal vista will be that from
the main entrance, lookinjr southwest some
three-quarters of a mile to the art palactw
which will crown an eminence «O feet abovtT^
the general level of the main buildings. This
avenue will be 600 feet wide, and there will
be a transverse avenue 300 feet in width.
Fronting upon these beautiful avenues will be
the manufactures and liberal arts buildings,
the educational and social economy buildings,
the mines, machinery, electricity and trans
portation buildings. These structures will vary
in size from seven to fifteen acres ia area. A
broad lasroon will encircle two of the most
central buildings. The palace of art upon tho
hill at the southwest will be permanent and
with ita by-bulldinjrs will cost about $l,(Xi0.-
W)O The general style of the buildings will be
that of the renaissance, with a liberal use of
colonnade effects upon all exteriors. The slope
from the palace of art to the lagoons will afford
an opportunity for cascade effects of a moat
beautiful character. The Government build
ings and pavilions devoted to special purposes
will occupy a. position upon the elevation
southeast, but conveniently situated with ref
erence to the main group of exposition build
ings. Southward from the main group and
beyond the palace of art ia a considerable
space, which will bs devoted to State and for
eign buildings. Among these will be that of
Missouri, which is to be permanent, costing
about $^00,000. The largest building of tha •
exposition will be devoted to asriculture ami
its allied Industries. It will stand west of the
main group and cover an area of more than
thirty-two acres. The new buildings of "Wash
ington University, which are nearly ready for
oeeupancy, will be tha administrative head
quarters aa well as serve other purposes.
The world's fair will embrace in Its scope
everv department of human activity. It is the
purpose of the management to have It portray
civilization in ita most advanced state. The
exhibits are to be divided into the following
main departments: . Education and social
economy: art. liberal arts; manufactures, ma
chinery, electricity: transportation: agricul
ture and food products; horticulture, vitleu'^
ture and arboriculture; fish and game; mlnlr mm
end metallurgy; forestry; anthropology; ath- [
letics Throughout all departments, bo far as
it may be done, the exhibit* will show proceses
of manufacture and the development of tlie
article* displayed. There will be numerous
complete installations of manufacturing plants,
and life and activity will characterize the ex
position and give it a unique individuality.
Sources of raw materials will in most in
stances be 'shown, and step by step the work
of prcducinar articles of utility and value will
be rortiayed.
An effort will be made to have every country
as well as every department of human activ
ity adequately represented. Commissioner*
have been appointed and have gone upon their
missions to the various countries of the world
which have accepted the invitation to partici
pate, with the view of assisting so far as pos
sible In the collection of exhibits. They carry
with tbemi a full knowledge of the plan and
scope of the exposition and are empowered to
co-operate with the representatives of tho
various rovernmenta In bringing together dis
plays that will show in a comprehensive way
the natural resources of the different coun
tries, their various lines of manufacture, their
system? of education and other public institu
tions by which they are making an advance
ment in civilization.
The management of the exposition is In the
hands of a board of ninety-three directors, rep
resenting the financial, professional, manufac
turing, mercantile and railway Interests of St.
Louis. The president of the company is the
Hon. David R. Francis, formerly Mayor of the
city. Governor of Missouri and Secretary of the
Interior in the Cabinet of ex-President Cleve
land. The plans for the construction have been
well prepared and work will be carried on
without cessation until the opening day.
New [Raymond Hotel Opened.
PASADENA, Dec. 20.— The n«w Ray
mond Hotel, valued at $300,000, wasi opened
last night with a reception to 2000 guests.
The hotel was built during- tho last eight
months on the site of the old Raymond,
which burned nearly seven years ago.
Nearly all of its 275 rooms have been en
gaged. •
ADVEBTISEStEITTS.
Dragged*Down
Feeling
In the loins. .I-v
Nervoasness, nnrefreshing sleep, despon-
dency.
It is time yon were doing something.
The kidneys were anciently called the
reins — in your case they are holding the
reins and driving you into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Acts with the most direct, beneficial eflect
on the kidneys. It contains the best and
safest substancearfor correcting and toning
these organs.
■ t S
For Best Cbth at Moderate Prices
GOTO
JOEPOHEIM, THE TAILOR
100 Different Styles All Wool
JT[^ Suits to Order,
TTf $15.50 and $17.50
(/ftf/j^ 150 Designs forDressy
/ y$f i\ Suits to Order,
f 1 J |\ $25.00 and $30.00
j .1 r£/ Overcoats,
= Ak I S 20 * 00 and $ 25 -00
!H [Br ' PantsloOrder,
1 1 $4.50 to $10.00
I fjl\ 201-203 Montgomery St.
I Ml 1 1 io-n 1 1 Market Street,
I lifll Sf N FRANCISCO
hultJl}wiJwi$ T 43 S. Spring Street,;- V
«W^ LOS ftNGELES.
For Stomach Disorders*
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
gap BROADWAY. X. T.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
t C itaIo?U3s and Price Lists Mailed
! oa Application.
! COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON
1 - v f T cmr t rn 8C0 Battery Stre»t.
J- I • Vs ILSUN O t !)■ • Telephone Main 1864.
i FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
»»c- nivrc c ftk Shipping: Butchers. JO*
JAS- BSYES & CO Clay. Tel. Main 12&4.
OILS
LUEr.IOATIXO OILS. & ELLIS.
««, Front st.._S. F. Phona Main 1.1J.
"pRirm.NG. :*Tsh
v r I'lT^aCC PRINTER,
E- C- niHlUfcj 511 Sansome St.. 9. F.
"printers, bookbinders
THE HICKS-JUD» F CO.. street ganHANNA SPEAKS
FOR ARBITRATION
Ohio Senator Is Pleased
With Work of the
Convention.
Disputes Between Capital
and Labor Will Be
Adjusted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— Senator Han
na, chairman of the committee of thirty
six appointed at the capital-labor confer
ence in New York, was at the White
House to-day and talked most earnestly
ef the results of the conference.
"I consider the conference," said he,
"the greatest step ever taken for the
epeedy settlement of disputes arising be
tween labor and capital. This organiza
tion, which has come to stay, was an
evolution which was naturally preceded
by the organization of labor, which also
has come to stay, and the concentration
of the interests of the two sides into the
hands of a comparatively few individuals
will make for the best interests of both.
"The public must not get the idea that
•we are to recognize everything relating
to the condition of labor and capital, or
that the joint committee Is to undertake
erbitration by compulsion. In fact, we are
opposed to compulsory arbitration. We
believe we can accomplish more by get
ting into closer touch and contact with
labor.
"The first step will be to establish a re
lationship between the two Interests, and
this will serve as a foundation to work
on. While we do not expect that there
will be no strikes, they will be minimized
es a. result of the conciliation and arbi
tration policy."
Hanna said he expected the committee
to meet during the winter to adopt by
laws and elaborate etill further the
scheme of arbitration.
OF I1TTESEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
f Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— The Postof
fice Department to-day issued the follow
ing: Postofllce discontinued: Oregon-
Mount Tabor, Multnomah County, to be
mace station of Portland.
Representative Keedham has recom
menced to the President the appointment
cf George W. Holmes as Postmaster at
Selma, Cal.
These' pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original war with Spain— Charles B.
Humbert, San Francisco, $6; Thomas B.
Hughes, Stanford University, $17; Joseph
Thompson, San Francisco, $24; William
H. H. Thompson, Alameda, $6; Oliver P.
McCoy, Fort Bragg, $6; George White,
Red Bluff. $6; Isaac Lyle, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12; John Ravey, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $S; Thomas O. Moore,
Oakland (Mexican war), Charles Domey,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $12 u Sophie
Dahl, Lancaster. $8.
Oregon: Increase — Claudius Potee. Sa
lem. $10. Mexican war — Charles H. Burch,
Amity, 512; Nacy T. Jones, Clatskanie, $3.
Senator Bard left to-day for his home
In California to spend the holidays.
Defers His Holiday Plans.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— President
Roosevelt has not completed his plans
for the holidays. The report that he de
cided to gx> down the Potomac River or»
the Dolphin for a shooting- trip Is incor
rect. No decision has been reached, but
Dr. Rixey and Theodore Roosevelt Jr.,
who has been at school in Massachusetts,
end who arrived here to-day for the hol
idays, are polng down the river for a -ew
days' shooting. It is not improbable that
the President may decide to accompany
them.
Oil in Egypt Not Surprising.
LONDON, Dec 20. — The discovery of
petroleum in Egypt, as announced this
morning In a dispatch to the Daily Tele
graph from Cairo, is not regarded serl
oufely here. At the London offices of the
Standard Oil Company It was said that
the existence of oil in Egypt has been
known for a long time, but investigations
have not led to the belief that it Is to
be obtained in paying quantities. Tne
Standard Oil Company intends to take no
new steps in consequence of the latest rex
ports.
Gas Causes Their Deaths.
FARSOXS, Kan.. Dec. 20.— The mystery
Burrounding the death of Colonel John E.
r.uil and ■wife, whose dead bodies were
found in their home here last night, was
e'eared to-day at the Coroner's Inquest,
evidence being given to show that the
couple had been asphyxiated by gas.
Tilley Comings to Mare Island.
WASHINGTON, Dec SO.— Captain Ben«
Jamln Tilley, who was recently relieved
as Governor of the island of Tutulla, Sa
' moa, and has been on waiting orders
eince his acquittal of the charges lodged
against him, has been ordered to duty at
the Mare Island navy-yard.
PERTH. West Australia., Dec. 20.— Captain
Harrassowltr of the North German-Lloyd
steamer ICekar, who was fined $25 for break-
Ing the seals of the ship's stores in contra
vention of the Australian tariff and was Im
prisoned, having refused to pay the fine, has
furnished bonfii and been released.
ADVEHTTSiUH «NT8.'
•woman and she v^y \yjBiiSBffi
to ward the im- (^^k
aginary blows / "^^^ grgi \^p>-"'
•which threaten \ JHJS»T"^^/
her. When a \^g_^>^^
sick woman
Ifeeks the means of health she is often
like a woman blindfold. She has no
confidence. She cannot tell what her
effort trill lead to. She turns now to
this side and then to the other in uncer-
tainty and doubt
The sick woman who uses Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription may do so with
absolute confidence. It invites open-
eyed investigation. There need be no
hesitation in following the hundreds of
thousands of women who have found a
perfect cure for womanly ills in the use
of this medicine.
"Favorite Prescription" cures irregu-
larity and dries weakening drains. It
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. ■'--.
• With a heart full of gratitude to you for send-
ing out <rrer the land your wonderful medianel
»eod these few lines, hoping that some poor suf-
fering women will try Dr. Pierce's medianet,"
writes Mrs. Cora L. Xoot, of Greenspnng Fur-
race, Washington Co.. Maryland. « I had «ul-
fer«l stverlv from female weakness and had to
be in bed a'ercat de»l of the time. Had head-
ache, backache. «nd pain in left side when lying
cown. I commenced taking: Dr. Pierce s Faror-
to Prescription, and bad not taken two bottlet
.trhen I was able to be around again and do tay
»^rk with but little pain. Can now eat any-
jC'ag and it never hurts me any more. lUve
hken seven botUesof Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
ecription, and one of hi» ' Compound Extract or
fc:nart-Wced and several vials of bis ' Pleasant
pellets. 1 Peelinr better every day. My nu»-
Land tar* I look better every day."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bil-
iousness znd sick headache..
REPRESENTATIVE MEN FROM ALL PARTS OF STATE DEMAND
CONSERVATION OF WATER AND PRESERVATION OF FORESTS
California's Weal and
Prosperity in
Danger. .
Timber Destruction
Causes Lighter
Rainfall.
THE annual meeting of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Asso
ciation was held yesterday in the
llaple room of the Palace Hotel
and was attended by many rep
resentative men of the State.
The meeting was called to order at 10
a. m. by President William Thomas, and
a call . of the roll showed the following
members present:
Professor J. M. Wilson, Berkeley; Charles
L. Taylcr. city: H. C. Hinds. Orland; H. P.
Fitch. Stockton; C. D. Marx. Palo Alto; J.
Falrweather, Reedley; AV. b". Luninr, Red
Bluff; William Thomas, city; E. T. liirser.
Healdsburg; Scicio Craig, Redlands; W.
fcjmythe. San Diego; E. B. Willis, Sacramento;
F. W. Williamson,' city; Judge Beatty. city;
C. W. Callaghan, city; Charles A. Laton, city,
T. C. Frledlander. city; John D. Works, Los
Angeles; E. Blanckenberg, city; F. W. Dohr
mann, city; F. J. Symmes, city; H. N. Savage,
Kan Diego; J. S. Bunnell, city; W. H. Cham
berlain, city; Robert McF. Doble, city; E. F.
Adams, city; B. B. Robinson, city; A. Chan
dler, Berkeley; Mrs. J. G. Lemmon. Oakland;
M.'M. Barnet. city; N. C. Kendall. Oakland:
P. Van Valer, Hanford: Horace WiUon. city;
L. W. Symmes, Berkeley; Major Myers, Siski
you; J. Reimers, Stockton; W. S. Green, Co
lusa; G. W. Pierce, Yolo; Charles W. Thomas,
Woodland; James Sheppard, city; Frank Shep
pard. city: C. S. Newhall, Fresno; P. R. Gar
nett, Willis; \V. Walker. Oakland: A. R.
iirieee. Fresno; J. G. Lemmon. Oakland; C.
Sharp, Oakland; J. B. Carson, city; P. O.
Baldwin. Los Pales: Miss C. Hittell, city: C.
T. Elliott. Modesto; W. B. Clapp, Los Angelee;
G. D. Fieke, Woodland; W. H. lngalls, Fresno:
A. D. Smith. Oakland; E. T. Sweester. Santa
Rosa; Frank Soule. Berkeley, and Gerald R.
Lumbley of Porterville.
The report of President Thomas heart
ily indorsed the views of President Roose
velt on the questions of conserving the
waters and preserving the forests of the
West, but regretted that the association
had been unable to accomplish but little
In the past year, owing to the action of
Governor Gage in having vetoed the ap
propriation bill passed by the last Legis
lature to allow the expenditure of money
to carry on the work of saving the waters
and timbers of California.
Last year the association heard with joy
of the action of the Federal Government
in pledging itself to expend an equal sum
with the State in taking the preliminary
steps to erect water reservoirs and safe
guard the forests. The Government was
prepared to expend $175,000 on the work
ana the State Legislature voted a simi
lar amount- Governor . Gage, however,
declined to sign the appropriation bill, but
allowed one to receive his consent pro
viding for the purchase of the Big Basin
timber lands, which, however, has since
been exposed as a job on the part of cer
tain lumbermen.
Resent Actions of Governor Gage.
The men who have worked hard to con
serve the waters and preserve the for
ests of the State feel strong resentment
toward Gage for his action, and, as one
of the delegates said yesterday, ''if Gage
seeks re-election or anything at the hands
of the people thousands will give him' a.
•package' of negative . votes."
A large number of resolutions presented
at the morning session of the association
were referred to a special committee ap
pointed by President Thomas as follows:
\V. E. Willis (chairman). W. E. Smythe.
A. F. Briggs. Scipio Craig and D. W.
Thomas.
Treasurer Dohrmann presented his re
port, showing that since the formation of
the association the sum of $23,639 80 had
been received from members, and the
expenses for surveys, etc., were $22,773 84,
leaving a balance on hand of $S65 96. After
deducting for contracts on hand and add
ing uncalled for reserves the total bal
ance is $752 04.
After the receipt of the finacial report
Uic meeting was adjourned until 2 p. m..
when the committee on resolutions was
to present its report.
When the association assembled In the
afternoon President Thomas stated that
a further adjournment would be taken
until 3:30 o'clock, as the committee on
resolutions had not finished Its duties.
The members assembled at the desig
nated hour and listened attentively to the
report of the committee on resolutions.
Chairman Willis stated that the report
was a unanimous one and embodied all
the resolutions presented at the mornins
session. W. E. Smythe read the report,
which was as follows:
Policy Is Fully Outlined.
In accordance with the suggestion of Ppeel
dent William Thomas of this association, we
congratulate President Roosevelt upon his
espousal of the cause of forest preservation and
irrigation development, and gratefully Indorse
the sentiment contained In his recent message:
"The forest and water problems are perhaps
the most vital Internal questions of the United
States."
We congratulate California and the West
upon the President's vigorous championship of
a cause which will give to the country more
homes and wealth than any other economic
movement now before the people. We recog
nize in the President's message something more
than the formal indorsement of a popular cause
which, though wholly non-political, had the
support of both great parties in the last Presi
dential campaign. He has outlined a pro
gramme of action which is comprehensive,
statesmanlike and equally suited to the needs
of the nation and of the several States. We.
therefore, gladly accept his leadership In our
dual effort to foster national progress and State
improvement by a policy of co-operation be
tween the Government at Washington and the
Government at Sacramento.
We specifically indorse the following extracts
from the message relating to forestry:
"Forest protection Is not an end of Itself; H
is a. means to increase and sustain the re
sources of our country and the Industries which
depend upon them. The preservation of our
forests is an imperative business necessity.
"The preuent diffusion of responsibility (be
tween the General Land Office, the Geological
Survey and the Bureau of Forestry) is bad
from every standpoint. It prevents that effec
tive co-operation between the Government and
the men who utilize the resources of the re
serves, without which the Interests of both
ORDERS OUT
THE APPRAISER
Federal Official at New
York Is Removed by
Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2O.-It was an
nounced at the White House this after
noon that the President had removed Ap
praiser Wakeman of New York on the
recommendation of. Secretary Gage.
Wakeman, It is said, wrote to the Presi
dent attacking Secretary Gage. The. Pres
ident refused to entertain the charges or
overlook the offensive character of the
letter.
Later the official announcement was
made at the White House that George W.
Whitehead, late Collector of Customs at
Porto Rico, had been appointed to suc
ceed Wakeman. No further announcement
was made. Secretary Gage declined to
make public Wakeman's letter. - •
Alfred W. ; Brown, the appraiser of mer
chandise at Boston, has been ordered to
New York to. take charge of the Ap
praiser's office pending 1 the nomination of
Whitehead to succeed * Wakeman, which
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A L.L., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
must suffer. The scientific bureaus generally
should be put under the department of Agri
culture.
"The forest reserves will Inevitably be of
still greater use In the future than in the past.
Additions should be made to them whenever
practicable, and their usefulness should be In
creased by a thoroughly business-like manage
ment. ■ • ,
'•The forest reserves should be set apart for
ever for the use and benefit of our people as a
whole, and not sacrificed to the short-sighted
greed of a few."
Applying the logic of these recommendations
to our local situation, we would urge upon the
President the following administrative acts in
the Interest of California:
1. That the forest reservations in this State
be increased as speedily as possible, especially
at the headwaters of our principal streams.
2. That the Chief Forester of the United
States be instructed to Investigate and report
upon the expediency of State legislation in the
Interest of the preservation of the forested
areas of California by the application of scien
tific principles to the removal of ripened timber
and the preservation of growing timber. Fur
thermore, that he shall advise as to whether it
may become necessary for the State to purchase
and replant denuded areas as a means of pro
tecting watersheds already Impaired by waste
ful lumbering.
We request our Senators and our Represent
atives in Congress to urge the enactment of
euch legislation as will result in the Imme
diate reservation of all Government forest
lands within the State of California
We also declare that the public Interest Im
peratively requires the enactment of such
legislation as will compel all -persons cutting
timber upon lands of this State, whether held
In private ownership or not, to adopt every
reasonable and practicable precaution for pre
venting the outbreak and spread of nres which
will destroy or endanger the young growth of
forest trees upon such lands.
We further declare that It Is a matter of
pressing importance to determine how far it
may be expedient to apply In this State the
experience gained in older countries In the sys
tematic and scientific selection of ripened tim
ber only for cutting, while preserving young
and growing trees' from indiscriminate waste
and destruction.
The President's recommendations In favor of
national construction of storage reservoirs and
of large main canals as a means of reclaim
ing and opening to settlement the arid public
domain meet with our hearty approval We
agree with him when he says:
Great storage works are necessary to equal
ize the flow of streams 'and to save the flood
waters. Their construction has been conclu
cively shown to be an undertaking too vast
for private effort."
And we further agree with the statement
contained in his letter to the Irrigation Con
gress of 1900: ■ .
It Is not possible, and If It were possible it
would not be wise to have this storage work
done merely through private ownership."
We hall with satisfaction these declarations
by the President of the United States that
works of Irrigation are essentially public utili
ties and ought to be constructed, owned and
will be sent to the Senate on its recon
vening January 6. Wakeman will vacate
nis office to-morrow. ■'•
NEGBOES ARE HANGED
FOB. BRUTAL CRIMES
Law Takes. Its Course in the Cases
of Murderers in the /
South.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Dec. 20.-1 Jim
Winton, who cut his wife's throat be
cause she threatened to leave home, and
Will Redding, who killed his sweetheart
because of . his Jealousy, were hanged
here to-day. They were negroes.
BRISTOL. Va.. Dec. 20— Cicero Harris,
colored, was hanged here to-day for the
murder of Samuel Ware, also a negro
DANVILLE. _Ky., Dec. 2O.-Reuben
Qulnn, convicted of murdering Chief of
Police Crum last April, was hanged- here
to-day. • ■ . - •. •. . -
Fire Destroys Business Houses.
GUTHRIE, Okla., Dec. 2O.-The State
Bank and eight other business buildings
were burned to-day at Francis, I. T., the
toial loss being estimated at $60,000. The
cause of the fire is unknown. , A fire also
destroyed considerable business property
at Stennet. I. T. .^ .. - <•■
0utfit3 f or Artists.
OH and I Water Color Soxes ■ filled , with
artists' supplies or a nice set of drawing.
Instruments make useful and acceptable
Christmas presents for anyone who likes
to paint or draw. Greatest assortment at
Sanborn, Vail & Co/s, 741 Market st. , •
THREE MEMBERS OF CALJ
: FORNIA WATER AND FOR
EST ASSOCIATION.
administered by the people and for the people.
With equal heartiness we commend, the fol- ;
lowing quotations from the message, showing
the President's familiarity with conditions in
the West and his conclusions based thereon ;
"The distribution of the water, the division
of the streams among: lrrisators, should be
left ■ to the eettlers themselves, In" conformity
with tha State laws and, without Interference
with those laws or with vested rights. The
policy of the National Government should be
to aid irrigation in the several States .. and
Territories in such "manner as will enable the
people in the local communities to help them
selves, and as will stimulate needed reforms
In the State laws and regulations governing
irrigation.
"Whoever controls a stream practically con
trols the land It renders productive, and the
doctrine Of private ownership of water apart
from land cannot prevail, without causing en
during wrong. The recognition of such owner-
Ship which has -been permitted to grow up In
the arid regions should give way to a more
enlightened and larger recognition of the rights
of the public In the control and disposal of
the public water supplies. \ ;
"In the arid States the only right to water
which should be recognized Is that of use. In
Irrigation this right should attach to the land
reclaimed and be Inseparable therefrom.
Granting perpetual water right to others than
users without compensation to the public is
open to all the objections which apply to giv
ing away perpetual franchises to the public
utilities of cities.
"We are dealing with a new and momentous
question In the pregnant years while Institu
tions are forming, and what we do will affect
not only the present but future generations.
"Our aim should be not simply to reclaim
tha largest area of. land and provide homes for
the largest number of people, but to create for'
this new Industry the best possible social and
industrial conditions.
"Ultimately It will probably be necessary
DOWIE MAKES
FUN IN COURT
Zion Lace Man Has In
teresting • Session at
V Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— "Dr.". John Alex
ander -Dowie talked to his heart's content
to-day in . defending the suit against j him
for. a receivership. for his Zion la.ee indus
tries. He intimated . to Attorney Reeves,
who was cross-examining him,.' that ihe
liked to talk, and he was granted per
mission, to lay bare his heart. . • , .
... "Dowie" 'was the- \ main -topic of ' hla
story, and with much show of higher ed
ucation, I v atln quotations and I attempts
at : witticisms he brought smiles and mer
riment 'to- his many followers- who
thronged. the courtroom until they had to
be quieted by one of his deacons.- ■; * •-;
In substance, ; he declared with \ much
emphasis that he -was no' tyrant, surround
ed by. hordes: of .willing . slaves.. He ■ said
he ' worked tirelessly . for 1 the | good { of j his
community, sometimes as- much as twen
ty-seven . hours at a, stretch. . He » said ■ he
abhorred slaves and would allow none; to
for the nation to co-operate with the several
arid States- In proportion as these States by
their legislation and administration show
themselves nt to receive it." • !
If.lt.be unwise to permit private capital to
construct storage works for the reclamation
of lands now publicly owned, but hereafter to
pass into the proprietorship of millions of
American citizens, it follows that it 13 equally
unwise for private capital to build storage
works in California for the reclamation of
lands, already owned and occupied by private
individuals, but destined to be subdivided and
disposed of when irrigation is supplied.
This association neither asks nor expects
national aid In the reclamation of the private
estates of California. It believes, on the other
hand, that this is a problem which must be
solved by the commonwealth itself, and to the
solution of which its genius is entirely equal.
If It be true, as the President says, that on
the public lands "the doctrine of private own
ership of water apart from land cannot pre
vail without causing- enduring wrong:," it Is
equally true that "enduring wrong" would fol
low the application of that doctrine to private
lands which must look for irrigation to a
source beyond their own control.
As a means of carrying out the recommenda
tions of the President, and of shaping the
laws and institutions of California In conform
ity jwith those which his administration pro
poses, we favor the following course of action:
To Reform the Water Code.
' 1. The water laws of California should be
reformed by the next Legislature. As it would
be impracticable for the Legislature itself, In*
a single brief session, to frame- and enact a
measure of this importance, we repeat our
declaration of a year ago in favor of the crea
tion of a commission by this association, to
consist of the following persons: One expert
to-be chosen from the Department of Agricul
ture;-one expert from the United States Geo
logical Survey; the presidents of the University
of California and Leland Stanford Junior Uni
versity; one professor of engineering from each
of said . universities, and three practiced law
yers to be named by the president of this
association. ■
■ 2. AVe commend to the earnest consideration
of said commission the report of the United
States Irrigation Commission, entitled "Irri
gation Investigations in California." recently
issued by the Department of Agriculture.
3. The money necessary to meet the ex
penses of this unpaid commission shall be
raised by the executive committee and ad
visory . council, by an appeal to the members
of this association and to the commercial in
terests of the State which are vitally interest
ed in the wise solution of the irrigation ques
tion. ■"".-■ '
■4. The measures framed by this commis
sion shall, after being passed upon by the an
nual • meeting of this association In Decem
ber, 1902. be presented ! to the Legislature and
urged for immediate passage.
. State . and National , Co-operation.
S.- We reiterate our former demand for a
generous appropriation by the State to be ex
pended in collaboration with the United States
Geological . Survey and Irrigation Investigations
of the Department of Agriculture, . and we
work for him who did not come to him
voluntarily. He gave Stevenson's testi
mony a flat denial and said that hid
brother-in-law lied when he quoted
Dowie's sister as saying, "Thank God. wo
are free from that tyrannical rule now. 1 *'
Admissions were drawn out that Dowie
had paid Stevenson $85,000 on account, but
that $50,000 of this was at once turned
over to Dowie's sister, Mrs. Stevenson;
who at' once gave It to Dowie, It Is said,
for stock - in the lace industries. Thirty
thousand dollars also was given to Frank
\voodward, but Dowie Insisted that was
for .bills Stevenson 'had contracted.
attorney then drew from Dowie
that after -parting with his entire busi
ness, including lace machinery, patterns
and stock,- Stevenson got out of the bar
gain ■ only ' $5000. ' Then Attorney Reeves
tried to show that the entire liabilities of
the. Zlon lace industries would aggregate
$1,168,000,. Including stock, dividends, etc.,
but" Dowie said the conjecture I was fool
ish.'. The direct question was then put to
Dowie whether he believed that: he was
Elijah 'the prophet, to which he replied
that the .-was willing to express his views,
but that they were already on record.' j
Iowa Arrives at Callao.
,' WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— The Navy De
partment has. been informed by Captain
Perry,, of the battleship Iowa of that ves
sel's arrival at Callao, , Peru, , yesterday.
The sailors ' will be given shore holiday
for several days, and the vessel .will pro
ceed; down .the Chilean coast to dock at
Talcanuano.
' Cosmopolitan California illustrated in Christ
mas Wasp.'- Out to-day. All types of citizens
portrayed. Send it to Eastern friends. * •
Federal Supervision
Asked for Plan
of Forestry.
Private Ownership of
Water Rights De
nounced.
shall renew our efforts to secure the enact
ment Into law of the bill having that end in
view which was passed by the last Legislature,
but. unfortunately, did not receive the signa
ture of the executive. But we favor this ap
propriation only upon the express condition
that all reservoir sites and artesian basins dis
covered on public land snail be held for pub
lic works to be hereafter constructed by Stats
or nation, rather than turned over to private
individuals- or corporations.
6. We are opposed to the storage of the
flood waters of the State by private enterprise,
because such a policy would foster and en
trench the system of private water monopoly
which, in the language of President Roosevelt,
"cannot prevail without causing enduring
wrong." We believe all such storage works,
together with main canals, should be con
structed, maintained and managed under State
administration. This policy Is practically iden
tical with that proposed by the President for
public lands, under which the nation provides
the capital and management necessary for the
creation of works, while "the cost of con
struction should as far as possible be repaid
by the land reclaimed."
7. The construction of large storage works
under any plan, on streams already In active
use, will unavoidably conflict to some extent
with existing canala. -While we declare our
unalterable conviction that in all such cases
the public interests must be treated as para
mount, we nevertheless favor the fullest pro
tection of vested rights now recognized by our
laws and judicial decisions.
Thanks to National Administration.
The thanks of this association are hereby ten
dered to the United States Geological Survey
and to the irrigation Investigations of the De
partment of Agriculture for the efficient work
done and the admirable and instructive reports
issued by them, respectively, and for what has
been accomplished in collaboration with this
association during the year 1000. Our thanks
are also extended to the Secretaries of the
Interior and of Agriculture who made such
collaboration possible. » We hereby pledge our
support to any further work which, may be
undertaken by the two departments of the
Federal Government above referred to in the
State of California,
We favor the creation of a Bureau of Irri
gation, fully equipped and supported with ap
propriations adequate to its importance, said
bureau to be under the Department of Agri
culture.
We Join with others of our fellow citizens
In the expression of an earnest desire that the
President of the United States may soon be
able to visit California and thus furnish us
with an opportunity to show our deep appre
ciation of his great service to California and
the West
Officers Are Elected.
The report was adopted- amid enthusi
asm. The association then proceeded to
the election of officers for the ensuing
year. There was.no contest in the elec
tion,, which resulted as follows:
William Thomas, president; N. P. Chlpman,
vice president; Arthur R. Briggs, first vice
president; J. P. Lippincott, second vice presi
dent; F. W. Dohrmann, treasurer; T. C.
Frledlander, secretary. Advisory council —
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity, E. F. Adams, W. S. Green. W. E.
Smythe. Sclplo Craig. J. M. Wilson. C. D.
Marx. T. J. Field, Timothy Hopkins. C. W.
Thomas, Frank Soule and A. J. PUlsbury.
President Thomas was greeted with
cheers when he thanked the members for
rts-electlngr him and pledged himself to
work hard for the association until It had
accomplished its objects.
The following were appointed as the ex
ecutive committee by the president:
Chief Justice W. H. Beatty. President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the State University.
Frank J. Symraes, W. H. Mills. Judge J. D.
Works of Los Angeles and E. B. Willis of Sac
ramento. *
A recess was then taken until evening.
A I the evening session the delegates and
ladies who attended listened to addresses
delivered by Professor J. M. \Vilson and
S F.. Klefer.
Professor Wilson spoke on "The Results
of Irrigation Investigation" and Keller's
subject was "The Extent of the Destruc
tion of Our Forests and the Remedies
Therefor."
Professor Wilson told of his investiga
tions in Yolo County as examples of what
could be found in the entire. State. He
gave a history of howthe exclusive water
rights of Cash Creek had been obtained
in pioneer days and the difficulties that
beset all who tried to use the waters com
ing from Clear Lake.
The address s was illustrated by many
atereoptlcon views and was an able argu
ment In favor of the conservation of the
waters of the State, which the speaker
saiJ were either sold at bi& prices to con
sumers or allowed to go to waste in th©
sloughs.
The facts and figures presented by
Kelfer showed a terrible menace to the
forests of California at the hands of the
lumberman. Millions of feet of timber
were being destroyed by the log cutter's
ax and by fire andqio steps, -were being
taken to preserve young trees or to re
place those cut down.
Keifer also showed that there were
msmy opportunities for the building of
natural reservoirs in the Sierra Nevada
Mountains and that the time ■was close at
hand when the Federal Government and
the State of California would take such
steps as necessity required to save the
waters and forests from ruthless waste
and destruction.
Here are two picturesof our $1.30 hats— the Derby and the I
Dunlap Crusher. The former is selling in great numbers because I
many people have found out that it is the best stiff hat for the I
« price ever offered in San Francisco. The other is selling as fast , J
as we can Ret shipments, as the Dunlap Crusher is the all-popu- j
lar hat at present; and ou r assortment represents every color in
which the hats are made.
Either hat will cost you $2.60 in a regular hat store.
We have Fedoras, too, at $1.30, which are favorites with
many people.
You appreciate paying but $1.30 now for a hat. as you then
have more money left for Christmas purposes.
/ Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street.
TAFT DECLARES
THERE IS HOPE
Civil Governor Talks to
Filipinos Before His
Departure.
v .
Members of the Federal
Party Gather to Say
Farewell.
MANILA, Dec. 20.-Over 4000 members
of the Federal partv called on Governor
Taft to-day to bid him farewell and to
wish him a safe return. • The Governor.
reclining 1 on a lounge, addressed 150 of the
most prominent of his visitors, saylne
that he was honored by their presence.
The organization, he added, had done so
much toward bringing about peace and
giving the country a stable party that it
augured more lor tne success of Ameri
can labors than anything else during the
recent critical times.
The reports circulated in the United
States, founded on incidents connected
with the war in Batangas Province and
the island of Samar. the Governor said,
tend to convey a wrong impression of the
situation, which Is really hopefuL
Through its officers, the constabulary and
the provincial governments, besides 850
teachers, 'the commission had excellent
means of acquiring .information in the
organized provinces, and it considers that
there never was a time when there has
been so much real ground for hopeful
ness and encouragement In regard to the
attitude of the Filipino people toward the
civil Government.
The military disaster in Samar had
created an unfounded feeling of uneasi
ness concerning the condition of the peo
ple of the rest of the archipelago. The
war in Batangas and Samar, stirred up
by misguided men, furnished the only
obstacle to obtaining liberal legislation
on the part of Congress.
Continuing, the Governor Tsald that he
would return here. He liked the Filipinos
and regretted leaving at this particular
time. But it was a comfort to know that
the duties of the office were In the hands
of Vice Governor "Wright, an able lawyer,
who sympathized deeply with the b^t
hopes of the people, in conclusion the
Governor said he expected to be back be
fore May and he hoped to have the pleas
ure of presenting the Federal party's
memorial to the President.
Civil government will be restored In the
island of Cebu on January 1 of the- com
ing year. - •
TROUBIiE IS BREWING
FOB TURKISH STJI»TAH
Sheikh Mabarouk of Koweyt Threat
ens a Revival of Old-Tlme
Conflicts.
L'OMBAT, Dec. 20.— It Is feared her© that
freah trouble is brewing along the Persian
Gulf. Mabarouk, Sheikh of Koweyt.
the proposed terminus of the Bagdad
Railroad, has refused to allow a special
mission sent by the Sultan from Constan
tinople to land and declined to accede to
tho Sultan's desire that he visit the Yildlr.
Palace at Constantinople and make obeis
arce to his suzerain.
Mabarouk has also threatened a revival
of the troubles with Ibu Rashld, the Emir
of Nejd, who. at the Instigation of the
Turks, has collected a fresh army. Maba
rouk has again appealed for British, pro
tection.
WTLIi NOT CONTEST
THE HAKBISON PENSION
Son of the Iiate President Says Ha
Has Made No Objections to tho
Measure.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— Russell B.
Harrison, son of the late President Ben
jamin Harrison, was admitted to practice
in the Court of Claims at its last session.
Harrison, in reply to an Inquiry concern
ing the reason for his presence to "v7ash
ington, said; ...
"I have been here entirely on legal busi
ness. The report that I am opposing the
granting of a pension to Mrs. Benjamin
Harrison la absolutely without founda
tion. I have hesitated to make reference
to this matter, even to deny the truth of
the idle rumor, simply from, a disinclina
tion to make reference to family mat
ters." v
"Christmas Decoration Hazard."
Underwriters are now undergoing: their
usual anxiety about the unnecessary fire
loss from Christmas decorations In stores.
This is a hazard for which they receive
no pay. A prominent manager sends us
the following:
"Underwriters may be Interested In a
brief account of the fire at WUkesbarre.
Pa last week that destroyed a three
story brick building and contents, solid
walls on both sides, exposed on each side
by brick. The fire started from a hasty
little Christmas exhibit and burned up
clean within sixty minutes. This exhibit
should never have been allowed. It was
put In In the afternoon and caught fire
about 6 o'clock- the same evening. No
opportunity was given the companies to
cancel off or know of the exhibit until the
mischief had been done. The total loss to
Insurance companies will amount to about
$200,000."— Extract from Journal of Com
merce and Commercial Bulletin, Issue of
December 18. 190L , •
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 20. — Burstlars last
night knocked out a pane of glass In the rear
of C. M. Stoll's harness shop and succec^M
in getting away with many pairs of valuable
driving gloves despite the fact that there was
a man sleeping in the place and that the elec
tric lights were burning:.
34
SPORTSMEN FIND PASTIME ON THE LINKS, THE TENNIS COURTS AND HUNTING FIELD
GOLFERS TO TRY
FOR FOSTER CUP
AT FORT BAKER
Contests Between Oakland
and City Teams Will Not
Be Held Until Next Year
This afternoon, 'beginning; at about 2:20
o'clock, the golf contest for the Foster
cup, postponed from Thanksgiving day on
account of the rain, will be heia on the
links of the Sausalito Golf Club at Fort
Baker Military Reservation. The present
bolder of the cup, -which was presented by
Charles J. Foster, is Frank B. Findley",
but ft is probable, he will not 05 present
to-day to defend, his title to tlfl trophy.
Other absentees will be Leonarff Chenery
and Worthlr.gton Ames, the latter being
on his weojfllngr ; tour. Major 'T. .WVM.
Draper will, enter' thel competition if '. he
returns from Chicago in time to do so.
The contestants Trill be-R.J. Davis. James
*»ewla.nda, R. W. Mason, Dr. A. H. Mays,
Charles J. IVjster. J. M. KHgarif, W." G.
ilorrow, H. Clay Miller and others.' - The
conteit will lie over nine holes, medal
play, the competitors being drawn in
couples and the winners in each -round
fe'olng on to the next round. The player
■who bands In the best score for liny round
■Will receive a special prize . and '.the . Win
ner of: the last round 'WttT become entitled
to possession of the trophy. '"
Owing to th» extensive building opera
tions of the "United States- Government
on the Fort Baker reservation, only six
holes of the golf course are available for
play, so three of them will be played'twice
to make up -one round. It is expected that
the Government work on the 'reservation
will be finished in April tmd that the golf
course will then be in good condition for
play. • ••''•. ■ • ■■■■-.
Nothing Is scheduled for the members
of the San' Francisco Golf Club to-day,
but several i of them will play practice
games. On Christmas day theVe will be
an e!ghteen-hole handicap medal play on
the Presidio links. The ladles will hold
no more contests during the present year
but early in the new year there will be
a competition for the Council's cup for
ladies, which has been won twice by Miss
Alice Colden Hoffman and once by Mrs
R. Gilman Brown. .
The fifth competition for the Council's
cup ror men of the San Francisco Golf
Club was won last week by John Lawson.
who had either refrained from entering
previous contests or retired, before the
final round was reached. Five names
now appear on the trophy— those of S L>
Abbott Jr.. H. B. Goodwin, R. H. Gay
lord. H. C. Golcher and John Lawson. As
Goodwin and Gaylord are not seen on the
links now and three victories are neces
sary to win the cup outright the trophv
is likely to remain in the possession of
the club for a Ions time to come
The first of the homc-and-home matches
between teams representing the San
Francisco and Oakland golf clubs will not
take place during the present year as
Captain L. O. Kellogg of the former club
is absent from the city and President J
W. Byrne is going on a visit to the East"
B. D. Adamson is living in Sausalito, and
has not played for some time. He will
however, be available when the match
takes place. R. B. Gaylord has gone away
from the city and H. B. Goodwin's health
ha* not permitted him to visit the golf
course for some time. E. J. McCutchen
formerly captain of the San Francisco
Golf Club, is seldom seen on the links.
The Oakland club, on the other hand.
has lost none of its strongest players, and
haa recently • developed eome young golf
ers, chief amor.fr whom is Frank Kales,
the youthful winner of the Goodall cup.
Bull Terrier Duke Is Poisoned.
Charles Morel is"-mournlng the. loss of
his splendid hull terrier "Duke.:* .'The dog
was poisoned last Saturday by some mis
creant and . died . before assistance could
be rendered him. "Duke" was a great
favorite with Olympic clubmen, especially
these who patronized outdoor sports. He
was sir years old and was the constant
companion of his owner.
SADDLE HORSE
HAS AN ADMIRER
IN ROOSEVELT
Equestrianism Is Expected
to Undergo Revival With
the President's Patronage
President Roosevelt's love of the saddle
horse and his well-known belief in the
healthfulness of equestrianism is expected
to cause a decided revival in that pas
time. The President has his favorite horse
in Washington, and according to the dis
patches he is to have a decided acquisi
tion to his stable. This is a specially se
lected Arabian horse, which Is on its way
from eome potentate in Morocco, who
knew of the President's taste for horses.
St. Stephen's day. the day after Christ
mas! What memories it arouses in men
who have hunted in Ireland, where cli
matic conditions and the style of fences
show the pastime at its highest develop
ment. On St. Stephen's day all the school
and college boys are home, on vacation
and every available horse is pressed into
service as a hunter for the time being.
The typical Irish hunter may be seen side
by side with the pony cob, which for that
day Is relieved of his everyday duty to
provide a mount for one of the sportinir
farmer's juveniles.
Thousands now in the sear and yellow
leaf of manhood will, in happy memory
hark back to those hunting days of their
boyhood. The fox hunt is well patronized
on St. Stephen's day, as ali Horsemen are
maoe welcome. Some are well mounte-l
on fine horses, while others are on rough
coated animals. Hospitality is the watch
word and all are made welcome. The
spirit of Christmas and its good cheer is
in the air. . . '
The schoolboys prefer Joining the har
riers, as with them they are sure of sport
in abundance. At 1 night they gather
around the open hearths to talk over the
day's happenings. It is then they "thrice
thebullnnlch charge and thrice they slay
the slain." ■ • ■ . ..
_ Francis J. Carolan, master of the San
Francisco hunt, is expected home from
the East about January 15.
The meet of the San Mateo drag hounds
to-day will be at San Carlos, near Bel
xnont. at 2:30 p. m. On Wednesday next
the meet will be at Sixteen-Mile House,
and on the following Saturday the last
meet of the year will be held at the How
ard woods, on the Crystal Springs road.
CSATJFFETJBS OPEN AN
ACABEMY FOR HORSES
AutomoTbilists Will Train : Equine
Race to Make Friends With ,
the Horseless Pn-r-riocia ' i
A short circular letter has been ad
dressed to the owners of horses lni San
Francisco by F. A. Hyde, president of the
Automobile Club of California, in. which
he says the members of the club are not
unmindful of the fact that the advent of
the horseless carriage has caused more
or ess inconvenience sometimes ac
tual danger to those who drive or ride
horses on the streets and public roads
He states the members of the Automo
bile Club have usually been as careful
and considerate as possible in • meeting
and passing vehicles with horses attacheS
to them, and draws attention to the fact
that previous experience with b cycles
and electric cars has demonstrated that
horses will become accustomed to- an v
ftrange object, whether moving or s£
tionarr. after they have seen it a. 'few
times and have learned it is not daneor
ous. ■ ' 7l" -.
To hasten the time at which horses will
have grown so: usea to the automobile
that they will cease to pay. any atten
tion to it it is the intention of the Auto
mobile Club to station one or more self
propelled vehicles at some convenient
place in the city as often as appears
necessary, so the owners of timid ■horses
may send them there to be trained.- This
is a policy which has been tried in other
cities with marked success.
, ' . , w - . y -* -■ ■ . . . - . ■ • ' ■ - ■ • .■-..-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21; 1901.
GUNMEN ENJOY
SEASON'S FINEST
DUCK SHOOTING
Legal Limit of Fifty Birds
Is Secured by Many Men
at Mount Eden and Suisun
All conditions for duck shooting -ware
favorable last Sunday, with the result
that on all the preserves near this city
limit bags of fifty birds were the rule and
not the exception as heretofore. The
sportsmen enjoyed the best day's shoot-
Ing of the season.
The five members of the Spooney Gun
Club who shot over their Mount Eden
preserve had sensational sport. They
pledged one another to secrecy as to the
■euccess of their shbot. but when, five men
return home, each laden with fifty ducks,
it Is difficult to conceal their good for
tune from less successful sportsmen. The
members who were on hand to enjoy the
rare snort were Dr. E. .N. Short,, W.
Whitebead, L. R. ' , Larzalere, . George
Morse and Phil Bekeart. The bag was a
mixed one of "cans," sprig, spoonbills
and mallards. The cold morning kept the
birds flying. The fresh water ponds, over
which most of the shooting was done,
were covered with a thin coating of ice
when the shooters commenced operations
in the morning at sunrise.
With a continuation of the present cold
weather the shooting to-morrow should
be as high class as that of last Sunday
on both San Pablo Bay and down Mount
Eden way. Teal are to be seen in all the
small sloughs in countless thousands. /
Up at the Suisun preserve of the Field
and Tule Club the shooting on Sunday
was of the highest class. F. H. Bushnell,
Dr. A.T. -Derby and H. B. "Hosmer each
secured fifty ducks.- All the members had
a successful shoot, the total number of
birds killed being more than, 250. On
Wednesday ( eleven members, headed by
F. H. Bushnell and H. B. Hosmer, en
joyed another great shoot. In* all they
killed 2SS ducks, chiefly sprig, spooney and
teal.
Tom Casey killed eighteen ducks at
Black Point on Sunday.
Mr. Wyman and two friends killed sixty
ducks at Tubbs Island.
Bert Patrick secured thirty-nine "cans '
on the preserve of the Marln County Gun
Club. He had as guest H. Van Norden.
Tne flight of birds continued up to 11:30
o'clock. •
.Donald McRea secured a limit bag of
fifty ducks on the Sherman Island pre
serve.
George Erget and Ed Bowen secured
seventeen ducks near San Pablo.
William Price, also shooting in that
neighborhood, killed .. fourteen, mostly
"cans." ; .
Frank Schultz shot • near 'Mount Eden
and bagged eighteen ducks.
Mr. Guyatt and two friends went to
Livermore in quest "of quail. The joint
bag was sixty-seven birds. They could
readily have secured the limit if time per
mitted, as the birds were there In abund
ance.
- The Lincoln Gun Club will hold a blue
rockshoot to-morrow for turkeys on its
grounds, Alameda Point. There will bo
mixed matches, freezeout and five, , ten
and fifteen bird races, concluding with a
team shoot. This midwinter shoot- is ex
pected to attract many gunmen who may
desire to test their skill again on the in
animate targets. The shooting will com
mence at 10 a. m. r
In the Handball Court.
.The handball games to be played to
morrow In Phil Ryan's court will be be
tween the following players: :i ,.'
G. B. Hayward and P. Ryan vs.- D. Con
nelly and J. Lawless, W. , Walsh' and Joe
Brady vb. \V. Kavanaugh and H. H. Lissner,
C. Murray, and M. Kirby vs. J.- Foley and J
McBrearty,'. D. Regan and P. Talo vo." E
Barry and M. Joyce, W. Kelly and A. Pen
noyer va. G. Hutchinson and P. Kelly, J. Mc-
Naruara and W. Cum m Ings " vs. J. Manning
and T. McManus, J. Rlordon' and M. • Dillon
vs. B. Curley and J. . Harlow, J. White and
M. J. KilgaUon vs. M. Maguire and J. Collins
J. C. Ncalon and . J. Fitzgerald vs. ' A; Uampl
ten and R. Llnehan, .' •
A TRIO OF JOCKEYS WHO HAVE
WON DISTINCTION IN THE SADDLE
ON MANY TRACKS.
SPEEDY HARES
ENLIVEN GAME
OF COURSING
Lengthy Trials Prove ,the
Rule in the Big Stakes
7 Being Run at Union Park
Not since coursing became a popular
sport in California has its followers been
treated to such hard fought and lengthy
trials as those that have resulted during
the stakes of the past two months at
Union Coursing Park. At this time of the
year coursing trials, as a rule, are quick
ly ended. The hares i heretofore have
shown a disposition to slow down and
were no match in speed nor cleverness for
the greyhounds. During the winter
months the official scores are recorded in
small figures, the course being ended aft
er a short run up, a. turn or two and a
kill. Year m and year out at this time
a course" would be finished generally be
fore the hare could get half way up the
field • and the contestants going to . the
slips for the final would reach that point
without having done what could be term
ed a warming up sprint. In trials of that
class cleverness in a courser seldom fig
ured, the dog showing the speed from the
slips usually being returned the winner.
Then, too, the relief dog was forgotten
as stake after stake would be run with
out the time limit being approached, in
any course.
The unlooked for speed In the strong
hares that cross the fields in these days
has changed things a bit and the usual
conditions are reversed. Now instead of
a short, hurried course the dogs are tak
en all over the field and as exhibition
courses the spectators, judging from their
cheering and the applause they bestow,
vote the trials a decided success.
Instead of the trainer walking his entry
up and down the paddock to pass away
time and waiting anxiously for the next
go the man who handles the courser in
a stake can be found doing his best to
get his entry back in shape for the com
ing round and worrying whether he
should take a chance on allowing his
charge to try again or withdraw him from
the stake. . • .
ft Is no easy task for the relief dog to
fulfill his contract, as in recent meetings
the athletic hares have left a ; half dozen
bewildered does on thif field after hav
ing outgeneraled them to the escapes.
The owners of dogs in which stamina
is a strong point in their make-up axe
more than pleased with existing condi
tions, and hope the hares will continue
to improve in strength and speed. .■■•
The explanation of the change in con
ditions is a simple one. Superintendent
Charles Grlswold of Union Park Is keep
ing the hares off the green grass, which
feed would tend to make them, heavy and
slow. He Is providing them with plenty
of grain and dry feed and the cool, brac
ing weather does the rest. -• -"
Charles Pickard's Imported greyhound
Bright Gold, Fabulous Fortune-Weeper,
is again in the running and will be given
a chance to show his quality. In his few
times out Bright Gold has shown himself
possessed of a great burst of speed and
Is not lacking in cleverness. . Defective
slftht has, It Is claimed, kept the courser
from showing hi9 true form. ■ After his
long rest It is thought he can give a bet
ter account of himself as a flag raiser.
J. L.. Ross, a noted leashman, has re
turned from the East and promises to be
a factor in the game from now on. : Im
mediately after his arrival Mr. Ross com
pleted.a deal by which he came into pos
session of the entire string- of the Star
Kennels. Among the dogs acquired arc
Herschel's Pride, Pickpocket, Fontenoy
and the noted performers Game Boy and
Mayflower. . . .: .
Vallejo will open its coursing season to
morrow and under new management.
Judging from the advance list of entrie.3
a fifty-^lx dog stake will be run on' in
augural day. -■..-,:
According to .a rule Jong established
there will be no coursing at Union Park
on Christmas day.
Likely winners in to-day's run down
are:. Patriot, Minnie Sankey, Fiery Face,
Freda C, Elista, Auckland, Sir Pasha,
Three Cheers, Naughty Girl, . Blackhawk,
The Grafter, Lady Clare, Ruby Lankey,
Forget, Cruiser, Greenhall, "Vulcan, Fan
nie Hughie. Tapioca, Miss Brummel,
Hickory Dick, Lady Sears, Sir Lawrence,
Kibosh, Black Flush, Loyal Lad, Best
Bargain, Wedding ■ Bells. Fine Form,
Courage, Bowery Boy, Prompte, Lottie
M. Sofala, Red Rock, Rich Argosy, Jingle
Bells, Ben Lomond, Rural Artist and For
Glory. .
Champion stake winners look to 4 be:
Charta, Narcissus^ Wedgewood, Tralee
Boy, A.. J. Martin, Vandal," Tiburon and
Freezeout. ;*• ....... i
'SIX MONTHS FOR LARCENY.— Edwin t.'.
Knowles. a negro, who pleaded - guilty to ; the
larceny of two treasury drafts from two sol
diers on the transport Sheridan, . was sentenced
yesterday by United States ; District Judge de
Haven to pay a fine of $100 aDd to.be Imprison
ed In the County Jail for alx . months*'
i'lln H WlilIlllrfllMiiffi HH'W" 1 1MI I WIIHl III I FWlllWlwl
PARK CHAMPIONS
TO PLAY TENNIS
ON CLUB COURTS
Will Measure Skill With
the California Players in
the Christmas Tournament
The Christmas tennis tournament to be
commenced to-morrow on the California
Club courts promises to be by far the
largest and most important held during
the year. It will be an open class singles
event, and a heavy entry list is expected.
As much of the tournament as possible
will be played off to-morrow. The final!?
between the classes will be finished on
Christmas. The players will 'be divided
Into five classes unless George Whitney
decides not to play, in which case R, M.
Whitney will probably go Into the first
clasa at "half flftee'n" below scratch:
C. Dunlap, ex-champion of ' Tennessee
and present champion of the Park; Harry
Young and Twiggs, who are easily the
best play era. in the park, will enter the
tournament. Their presence will add
greatly to the interest in the event. Dun
lap has beaten all the crack players in
the . Park with ease, and they figure he
will stand a good chance of beating many
of the cracks of the California Tennis
Club. '.
It was the intention of the tournament
committee to place these players in' the
second class. Dunlap and Routh prefer
to go In the first class, however, and it
win be interesting to note how they com
pare with Grant. Smith, Drummond Mc-
Gavin, Brown ana Collier.
Dunlap is not accustomed to playing on
asphalt courts and consequently will be
handicapped in his play. He employs a
cut stroke that is wonderf ul for its ac
curacy. This style of game is more suit
ed to turf, which causes the ball to
bounce faster. ■
Harry Routh, the other Park expert
wno will play in the first class, has had
considerable Eastern experience, and al
though somewhat out of practice plays
a good game. In the championship of
1899 he played a close match with Paul
Selby, the runner-up.
The other four men from the Park win
go In the second class and should give a
good account of themselves. -Walker of
Chicago is probably the best of these and
should come near winning class honors
The class in which the best playing will
be brought out and in which most of the
interest Is centered .Is the first class The
following men will be in this class* Fred
*-rown, J. D. MacGavin, \W B Collie
'ti.W. Crowell, Merle Johnson, C Dun
lap, : Harry Routh, S.j H. Adams, Harry
Wlehe and Grant Smith. The honors in
fhis class .will probably go to MacGavin
Brown, or Smith. -Those- who stand the
best chance in the second class are Frank
Stringham Ray Cornell, Chet Smith and
Sidney Salisbury. - In the third class
Charles Kuehn, Harry. Gbrham. Jack
Gibson and Herbert Schmidt are easJiv
the best. - y
William Frost of the Colquecot Club
Oakland, has entered the tournament and
Will be in the second or third class •
There is a possibility of Robert *Fat1o
playing. He is the champion of' Santa
Clara County, and it will be difficult for
the best of the second-class men to- dte
pose of him. ; . - s "
The most talked of man In the tennfq
wond at present is Will Taylor the ex
cnampion of the coast, who for years waV
in a class by himself . Taylor made hi!
reappearance last Sunday with Georen
Whitney against Collier and CrovreTl
Taylor was out of practice, but showiri
flasnes of his former. skill. .He h .*„
rate and has good headwork.' but hil
game is slower than that of the present
Gus Taylor and "Bob" "Eyre, /'two olrt
timers, are playing . again and are r im
proving rapidly. Taylor has been pracl
ticing regularly of late. At P re4nt £
WKwilL Str ° nSer . Eame than £
Poker players, I have made a discoverv
whereby you can't lose. Professor - Ben
zon. King of Cards, 320 Mason street. ♦
SCOTCH BOWLING
IS REVISED ON
THE PARK GREEN
A Rink Has Been Provided
and Matches Played Reg
ularly by Its Enthusiasts
The ancient game of Scottish bowling
has been transplanted to this city and
is being played regularly in Golden Gate
Park. The game i3 played on a turf rtak
20 feet wide and 126 feet long. At pres
ent the club members are playing on the
easterly end of the park recreation
grounds, but a special rink Is being pre
pared immediately In front of the former
music stand and adjoining the tennis
courts on the south.
The bowls are about sixteen and a half
inches In circumference and weigh about
three and a half pounds. They are not
round, and therein lies the point of the
game. They must be rolled at an angle.
This la the test of the player's skill, as
ho must determine what .the required an
gle is at which the bowl is to be rolled.
The game is a healthful, outdoor pas
time into which the player can place as
much energy as he desires. After rolling
his bowl he can follow it leisurely or can
run with It, as players often do, urging
the Inanimate object to stop at the desired
place. •
• The first match game between teams of
the San Francisco Scottish Bowling Club
and the Oakland Club will be played on
the recreation grounds. Golden Gate Park,
on Christmas day, between 11 o'clock
and 3.
The members of the San Francisco Club
bowl regularly every Saturday at 2 p. m.
and many representative men are to be
seen on the green. The officers of the
club. and its members follow:
Y. C. Lawson, president; John McLaren,
vice president: Jame3 Rolph Jr>, treas
urer; Thomas G. Aitken, secretary; David
Dalziel, Wallace A. Cook, James McNab,
John D. McGilvray, Robert Dalziel, Thom
as Rolph, William Rennie, Allan Pollock
George Lackle, George Davidson, Hugh
Hamilton, Dr. A. T. Crawford, R. D. Coi
quhoun, A. R. Patterson, John Reid, J.
D. Robertson, R. M. Turner. William R.
Eaton, Alex Rannie, R. S. Falconer Wil
liam Z. Nicol, J. C. Moffatt. William Wat
son, D. R. McNeil, James H. Duncan
Samuel Irving, Andrew McNair, Robert
Park, Andrew Wilkle, James P. Taylo-
William Balnaves, J. C. Fyfe. Alex Mc-
Donald, Joseph Gray, Hugh Forgle, James
Hutchison, John M. Duncan, P. Living
ston Dunn, D. Brown, A. Easman, D E
Collins and A. Macpherson.
Heavy-Weight; Boxers Will Meet
The Reliance. Athletic Club of Oakland
will offer a heavy-weight contest to the
public on the evening of the 27th inst.
Hank Griffin, the lanky Los Angels col
ored boxer, is to try conclusions with ble
Jack Johnson, Kid Carter's colored sDar
ring partner, in • a fifteen-round bout
Johnson has a decision over Billy Stlft"
Mexican Pete Everett, George Lawler and
Dan Murphy, and a knockout with Jim
Scanlan. He and Joe Choyoski were ar
rested at Galveston after their bout haa
gone four rounds. He also fought Bob
Armstrong six rounds at Denver to no dc
cision. Carter has a good opinion of John
son and predicts his success with Griffin.
Playing Cards and Poker Chios
Playing Cards. Poker Chip Sets Crib
Boards, Game Counters, Tally 'Cards
Card Cases and every requisite that be
lcnca to the game, many of which aiv
goocl presents for ■ Christmas,, at : Santaorn
Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st.
WAITER FALLS DEAD.— John Se^lv ..
waiter in the Occidental Hotel, fell rtea^ vm
terday afternoon while preparing tl£ dlninc
table. He was seen by his fellow waiters to
Place his hand on the left side of his chest and
. Cosmopolitan California illustrated profusely
in Chrtstmas Wasp _ Typeg &n Mt|
Send it to ■••— j— r..iena«. .
CORINTHIAN MEN
ARE READY FOR
ANNUAL BANQUET
Yacht Clubs at Tiburon and
Oakland Select Nominees
for Next Year's Officers
The next event among yachtsmen will
be the launching of the craft being built
for a syndicate of members of the San
Francisco Yacht Club. The yacht is near
ly completed and may be expected to take
the water before the end of the year. She
will be the only boat on the bay embody
ing the newest and most approved ideas
in yacht building, being constructed with
remarkable strength and thoroughness N
and provided with the best fittings. Her '
appearance on the w&ter ia being looked •
forward to with much interest, and her
performances will be keenly observed.
The Corinthians, however, believe they
have a worthy and capable defender or
the perpetual challenge cup in Frank
Stone's sloop Presto, the present holder
of the trophy.
i?, n w N , ew Year "3 day the Corinthians
will hold their usual dinner In the club
house at Tiburon, where a large attend
ance of yachtsmen is expected. The ar
rangements for the dinner will b© In til*
hands of Port Captain Johh H. Keefe.
Last week a nominating committee con
sistine of J. V. O'Brien, W. C. Corbatt
and *rank W. Thompson was appointed
to prepare th© regular ticket of officers
to serve the Corinthian Yacht Club next
year. E. F. Sagar will b« advanced to
commodore and T. Jennings will be nom
inated for vice commodore. The secre
tary, treasurer and port captain at pres
ent in office will be nominated, and the
v^, c , an , t P laces °n the boarfl of directors
will -be filled by W. B. ("Bunty") Short
and another.
' The nominating committee of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, consisting of W. M.
Ramsey, August R. F. Brandes and E.
Boquet. has made the following nomina
tions for officers for the coming season:
Commodore. S. S. Marshall, present
holder of the office; vice commodore, Rob
rt^ lr V;? nt of the sIo °P Alert; treasurer,
E. N. Walter, who formerly held the of
fice for several terms to the great satis
faction of» the members: secretary. Wil
liam McBain; port captain. J. J. Sherry;
directors at large— W. 11. Shaw and Allen.
M. Clay. John T. Carrier, the measureHfc
owner of tho sloop Jessie E, has been. ra#"
nominated. For members of the regatta
committee the nominees are A. R. F.
Brandes, W. H. Williamson and C. A.
Loring.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy of the San
Francisco Yacht Club is without a boat.
his schooner Ramona having taken up
her moorings at Monterey. Before leav
ing the bay she was overhauled and her
spars reduced.
Swimmers at Sutro's.
The swimming and diving contests at
Sutro Baths to-morrow have attracted
the following entry:
Fifty-yard dash. juvenUes — C. Butterworth.
H. Fremont. A. Derks, M. Feelay, H. Norrls.
J. Bevlns, C. Schultz. T. Baker, L. Slrason,
J. McManua, W. Connor. J. Tannlan. A.
Miller. A. Sundberg. H. Seebach. W. MUner.
L. Llllle, B. FerriU. H. McKenzie. J. Lipman.
J. Frantz. C. Lundln. M. Lewts. E>. Chase.
A. Fernandez. O. Nichols. II. Roche. C Wal
lett. R. White. F. Mills. Diving for plite«—
A. McGratii, J. Erasir.y. R. Buckley. F. -
Green E. Woods. W. Enrlght, J. MeClo»k?y.
E. Uhtaan. S. Finnlgan. D. Harrigan. L.
Britten. C. Meyers. H. Leickens. P. McDermld.
U. James. O. Lo went Hal. W. At wood. "U.
Adams. K. Grundy. O. Eeyer. A. Hay. D.
Oliver. J. Armacost. P. .,Pryorm 100-yard
race. amateurs-V. Critcher C. Fredericks U
j am( . s c. Harrington. C. Leary. H. HWnze.
B Williams. L. Scott. E Percy. J. nyd^
T McKillop. W. Durnford. L. Carter, a*
Harm". L Caurtaln. K. Wells. C. StorhlU^
r Itoderfcx. W. Dawsett. R. Cordell. W>
Fi«b« cf Crist. E. ConineUl. R. Van. J.
Sehu<=tro. W. Gilbert, F. Ralston. W. Sorman.
R liahl J. Dwyer. Trick and fancy Sprlng-
Jw^ird divine— W. Arroacost. L. "Bilton. W.
SSmon. Vl* Hammersmith. E. Flynn. W.
r.ulre J McCluskey. W. Cavanaush. H. An
derson O. Schulte. M. Keryan. F. Springer.
J Rinerose. G. Freeth. J. Hunt. H. Wolfe.
F Clough. J. Irvine. P. Louis. O. Crist. J.
Vanderbers. J. Martins* -♦GEORGE GARDNER DEFEATS KID CARTER AFTER EIGHT ROUNDS OF DESPERATE FIGHTING
COURAGE OF THE LOSER IS THE MARVEL
OF SPORTING MEN AT THE RINGSIDE
Takes an Amount of Punishment Which Would Stop Any Other Man-Jockey
Winnie O'Connor Fights a Draw With John Crowe and Might With Pro
priety Have Been Awarded Decision— Toby Irwin KnocksNDut Granfield
EOXER GEORGE GARDNER. WHO SCORED HIS THIRD VICTORY OVER KID CARTER IN MECHANICS' PAVIL
ION LAST NIGHT, AND SOME OF VERSATILE JOCKEY WINNIE O'CONNOR'S FRIENDS WHO SAW HIM
FOR THE FIRST TIME IX THE PRIZE RING.
GEORGE GARDNER, the Lowell
boxer, made it three straight with
Kid Carter last night In Me
chanics' Pavilion. He defeated
the latter after eight desperate
rounds, in which Carter took an incredible
amount of punishment and came back
fighting hard when the spectators least
exj>ected it—
Gardner landed a knock-out punch at
the end of the sixth round and Carter was
practically defeated at that stage of the
proceedings. After six seconds the gong
wysounded the end of the round and his at
tendants carried the dazed man to his cor
ner. He was brought around sufficiently
In the minute interval to face Gardner
again. He went back fighting, but the
end of this round proved p. repetition
of the previous one.
This time he was down eight seconds
ADVEBTISfcl-ENTS.
% >V^AD_tA* B _x^ I
«> — -^ f
! Maturity and Futurity I
«i After extraction by distillation <$
& from the choicest rye. then begins <•>
<*> the rii>ening of the superb quail- f
% ties of ■ • " ■ %
*> f
I SI J. T
Baltimore Rye
«> :'- ' %
% and when thoroughly matured it Z
% becomes y
I The Highest Standard |
t o! the American . I
I Gentleman's WhisKey |
r which standard will be uniformly ±
Z maintained in the future- <$>
*» f" CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION' CO.. %
* Inc. 223-225 California St., San Fran-
t> Cisco Cal. Telephone Main 873. <$►
% ±
9 $4>$^4>4>4>4>4>G^-M*&M>4>&$>&&&4> 9
when the gong saved him, an.d he was
again carried to his corner limp and help
less. His remarkable recuperative powers
and his gameness again brought him
around, and he faced his hard-hitting op
ponent as though nothing had happened.
Gardner saw victory in sight and rushed
at him. To the surprise of the spectators
Carter landed a stiff left to body and right
to head as though he was just clearing for
action. • .
Gardner was the fresher and knocked
the "Kid" to the floor with a right upper
cut. The defeated man took nine seconds
on the floor. When he stood up again it
■was only to receive a shower of blows
which sent him down a second time. He
remained down eight seconds, and, al
though dazed' and practically helpless, he
again staggered to his feet. This time
Gardner steadied himself and sent a
crashing right to the body, which left
Carter helpless until he was counted out.
Carter a Dangerous Opponent.
Carter showed himself the most danger
ous man in the ring to-day, as, no matter
how cruelly beaten he was, he always had
the power to deliver a punch which would
put out an opponent.
As for Gardner he will find it difficult
to induce any middle-weight to enter the
ring with him. Harry Corbett ventured'
the opinion that with fifteen pounds more
weight he would prove more than a match
for Champion Jeffries. He is the mildest
mannered chap in the world out of the
ring, but once inside the ropes he is a
marvelous fighting machine. He has all
the arts and artilices of the fighter and
never stops. The blow with Which he did
all the execution last night was a rig-nt
uppercut while in a clinch. Carter was
unable to block this and it did terrible
execution. In the first two rounds Gard
ner went in head first at Carter, and if
he missed with his hands he scored with
his head. After a time Carter and , his
seconds saw the play and appealed to
Referee Jim McDonald to stop it, which
he did.
When the men went together for the
first time Gardner at once tried a right
shift which he has been practicing as
siduously. It .worked to perfection and
he shot hi3 right across at Carter, scor
ing at once. For a moment it seemed the
flght would end then and there. Carter's
tremendous vitality was not to be sapped
by any one blow, however, and he showed
no ill effects from this one.
Before the round was over the specta
tors at the ringside were predicting it
would not go three rounds. Gardner
seemed to outclass his opponent in this
round, although Carter was not idle,
sending in some stinging right-hand blows
to the body. Gardner proved a master
hand at blocking and manyjfof Carter's
terrible blows never reached the point for
which they were aimed.
Gardner Slows Down.
In the second round Gardner started
proceedings, his object at the opening of
each round being apparently to intimidate
Carter. Carter was not to be denied, and
landed two hard rights to the body. Gard
ner landed right and left and followed
with two hard lefts to the body. Gardner
missed a hard right and left swing. He
landed repeatedly on the body and the
"Kid" showed signs of distress. The
"Kid" landed what seemed like a hard
right to the head, but it glanced off Gard
ner's shoulder. It was in this round Gard
ner was accused of butting with his head.
In the third round Gardner slowed down
noticeably in his pace, and for a time it
was thought his hands had given way.
Carter was full of fight but did not seem
to trouble Gardner, who protected him
self cleverly.
Near the end of the fourth round Gard
ner sent in a short left jolt to the body,
which looked for a moment as though it
would end the flght. Instead of stopping
Carter, however, he came back fighting.
Gardner again worked the right shift, but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
did not make the desired connection with
Carter's jaw.
Carter opened proceedings In the fifth
■with a hard right swing to the head.
Gardner came back with a left to the body
and then stumbled, leaving himself wide
open. Carter was not properly balanced
to take advantage of the opportunity and
lost It. He went at Gardner fiercely for
the remainder of the round. A right to
the head seemed to rattle Gardner slight
ly. They exchanged rights, Carter get
ting the worst of the bargain. Carter
then landed a left to the body and one to
the head, and just at the bell uppercut
Gardner.
Carter made a brilliant showing in the
first half of the sixth. He sent two lefts
to the jaw and followed them with a
right to the body. He staggered Gardner
with two rights to the body. These were
his last effective blows. In a clinch
Gardner's terrible right shot up between
Carter's arms and started him on the
down grade. Gardner then stood and pep
pered him with rights and lefts to the
head as Walcott did in their memorable
fight. Carter finally went down under the
fusilade. The bell saved him and he was
carried to his corner.
He had no defense in the seventh and
his brain must have been in a terrible
whirl. Gardner was over anxious and
missed one cHance for a left swing. When
Carter seemed helpless he turned on his
opponent and plugged in his right to the
body. He took an avalanche of blows and
again came back unexpectedly with a
right to the jaw. Carter went down again
and was again saved by the gong at the
end of the round.
This only meant prolonging the agony.
He took blows which would have felled
an ox and would not stop fighting until
finally his senses deserted him and he
went down a limp, inanimate object on the
floor of the ring.
The ten seconds quickly sped by and the
flght was over. Gardner tried to praise
Carter for his gameness, but all he could
do was to tap him on the shoulder with
his gloved hand.
Tommy Gilfeather and Billy Snallham
fought ten hard rounds to a draw. Snail
ham was the aggressor throughout, but
Gilfeather landed the most effective
blows. He was slow to start, letting
Snallham do all the leading and contented
himself with blocking. After he woke'up
however, he showed a dangerous left but
it went wide of its mark for several
rounds. He finally got the range and
played effectively for Snallham's head.
In the seventh round Snailham stumbled
and his opponent was quick to take ad
vantage of the opening. He ripped a
right to Snailham's stomach, but the lat
ter recovered his balance and landed a
right to the head, knocking Gilfeather
down. Gilfeather had much the better of
the eighth round' and in the ninth did
good execution with his left. Snallham
was in distress but was full of flght. The
tenth round did not change the aspect of
the flght and it was declared a draw
O'Connor Cuts',Out a Fast Pace.
The four-round bout between Jockey
Winnie O'Connor and John Crowe was
declared a draw, although O'Connor did
the most effective work. Crowe, who
looked like a miniature of "Bob" Fitz
slmmons as to build and with a typical
"scrapper's dial" of a face, was full of
fight. The boys went the first two rounds
at half speed, but the remainder of the
bout was full of fighting. O'Connor
walked into a hard right in the third
which drew blood to his nose. In the last
round the jockey cut out a fast pace. He
opened Crowe's left eye and partly shut
oft! his vision. O'Connor was full of
fight throughout the bout. Tim McGrath
seconded him.
Toby Irwin made quick work of Arthur
Granfleld. He knocked him out after
two minutes' fighting In the second round.
The first round was given over to feint
ing. Granfleld landed the only effective
TWO CHAMPIONS
ARE NOW READY
FOR MORE FIGHTS
Jeffries and Young Corbett
Appear at Ringside and
Make Announcements.
DENVER, Dec. 20.— A programme that
may prove the. opening of prizefighting In
this city was carried out at Coliseum
Hall, the former headquarters of the Col
orado Athletic Club, to-night without po
lice interference. The participants in the
ring confined themselves to sparring, and
the events were mostly three-round bouts
between local men.
The main feature was the appearance
of the feather-weight and heavy-weight
champions, respectively "Young Corbett"
and James J. Jeffries. Previous to their
appearance with their sparring partners
the champions were pitted against each
other for three rounds, affording much
amusement to the spectators.
To the crowd they both announced their
readiness to defend their championship
titles against all comers.
REIFFS ARRIVE IN SAN
JOSE TO "SPEND WINTES
Two Jockeys Repair to Their Orchard
Home Near the Garden
City.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 20.— Lester and John
Reiff, the, jockeys who gained fame and
fortune in England the past season, have
arrived in this city and will spend, the
winter at their orchard homk near here.
Last summer the Reiff boys purchased a
fine fruit ranch for upward of $20,000 on
the Infirmary road, three miles west of
San Jose. Their father, mother and sis
ter are making the place their home and
the brothers will visit them.
• John Reiff will leave for France In Feb
ruary to ride in the spring races there,
and Lester has announced his intention
of quitting the track. Lester was ruled
off the English track this year. It is said
The earnings of the two boys the past
year* will reach $30,000 each.
Heavy Hitting at Xros Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 20.— The All-
Americas demolished another Los Ange
les pitcher to-day. Hartwell will have
cause to remember the drubbing, he re
ceived for a long time. From Pickering
to Frazer, the top and bottom of the bat
ting order, each and every player
slammed the ball to every corner of the
lot, the long line hits and flies beating a
tattoo against the high fence surrounding
the grounds. Seven men made the cir
cuit in the first inning and eight more
runs were scattered through the renfain
der-of the innings, making a total of
15 against 2 for Los Angeles. The locals
could do nothing with Frazer after the
second inning.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 20.— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Meme
Westell won, Goldaga \ second. Brewer Schorr
third. Time. 1:08.
Second race, selling, mile and a. sixteenth —
Jena won, Eda Riley second, Major Manslr
third. Time. 1:48%.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Bristol won, Harve B second, Dick
Furber third. Time. 3:13%.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and seventy
yards — Andes won, Henry Bert second. Lennep
third. Time, 1:45.
Fifth race,, six furlongs— The Hoyden won,
Balm of Gilead second, Marcos third. Time,
1:14.
Sixth race, one mile — Alard won. Ida Pen
zance second, Dorothy Lea third. Time, 1:44.
Michigan Players on the Way.
ANN ARBOR; Mich., Dec. 20.— Amid the
deafening cheers of rooters and enthusi
astic townsmen, the University, of Michi
gan football team left to-night for Pasa
dena.. CaL, ■where they will play Iceland
Stanford University on New i ear's day.
These players went: Gregory, center;
Wilson and McGuln, guards; Captain
White and Captain-elect Shorts, tacklea;
Herrnstein and Redden, ends; Weeks,
quarter: Sweeley and Heston, half; Snow,
full, and Graver, Redner, Forest and
Southworth, substitutes. Coach Yost,
Trainer Fitzpatrick and Manager Crafts
are in charge of the team.
Mercer May Manage the Oaklands.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.— Mercer, the
right fielder and pitcher of the All-Ameri
can Baseball Club, now playing in Los
Angeles, has received an offer from Cal
Ewlng to manage and captain the Oak
land team next year. The terms offered
are bald to be in excess of what Mercer
can make in the East and are said to
include a share in the club. Mercer ad
mits he has an offer and that it can be
held open for a month, but will say noth
ing as to terms.
"Young Peter Jackson" "Wins.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 20.— "Young
Peter Jackson" defeated Charles O'Rourke
of Boston in the fourth round to-night be
fore the Eureka Athletic Club. O'Rourke
was knocked down twice In succession
and was practically out when his seconds
threw up the sponge. He gave a beautiful
exhibition of boxing for three rounds, but
Jackson's superior strength was too much,
for him and he was badly used up in the
last round. -
Feather-Weights Fight to Draw.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 20.— Oscar Gard
ner and Jack Whitaker of Cleveland,
both feather-weights, ' fought twenty
rounds to a draw at South Omaha to
night. Gardner did most of the leading
and was the aggressor during a greater
part of the fight.
Neill to Fight Smith Again.
PORTLAND, Or.,,Dec. 20.— Al Nelll of
San Francisco and "Mysterious" Billy
Smith of Portland were matched to-day
for a twenty-round fight at the Pastime
Club in this city, January 23.
Central Is a Success.
A banquet will be given to-morrow night
by the management of Belasco and Thall's
Central Theater in honor of the opening
of the Central "Theater a year ago. Dur
ing Its short existence the Central .Theater
has presented twenty-seven plays, most
Of which were new to the public. It had
the honor of first producing the Biblical
play, "A Voice From the Wilderness,"
which is soon to be presented in one of
the leading houses of New York, The
management is entirely satisfied with the
success that has thus far been achieved
by the Central Theater.
Your Name in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name in
gold letters on Pocket Books. Letter and
Card Cases. Bill Books, Cigar Cases.
Traveling Rolls, Cameras and >. all fine
leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. • *
Christmas Presents
Such as Water Colors, Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, : Gold Clocks, Candle
Sticks, Candelabra, Cameras, Dress Suit
Cases, Trunks," Valises, Pocket Books
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames
Best values in every department. Visit
ors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. •
Stories by world-famed authors like Robert
Barr and John Strange Winters in the Christ
mas Wasp. I ■ ■. ■ ... ■ •• ;
blow as the bell sounded the end of the
round. Irwin returned it, but no damage
was done and the men's seconds hurrletS.
them to their corners.
In the second Irwin at once brought his
dangerous left Into play. He knocked
Granfleld down and the latter took eight
seconds on the .mat. When he got up
there ■ was : another mixup in • the middle
of the ring and Irwin's left caught Gran
fleld on the chin. Almost with the same
motion the right went over and Granfleld
fell like a log, to be counted out.
JOSIE G AGAIN DEFEATS BOTANY
AND MAKES A NEW TRACK RECORD
Royalty and 'Bedeck the Only Successful Favorites at Oakland— General
Interest in the Match Race To-Day Between Old England, Carrying
the Morris Colors, and San Nicholas, the Burns & Waterhouse Crack
NO faster track could be found in
the country than the onv-at
'. Oakland* In Its present condition
and some very clever stunts, are
performed over It daily. Yester
day Josie G, the i speedy daughter of
Bloomsbury, administered a thorough
beating to Botany, at five furlongs, and
at the same time reduced : the track rec
ord for the distance to 6»% seconds. On
some occasions racegoers are 'ditticult to
convince, for, although Josie deteated
Botany only a few-uays back, it wad
considered a scratch' win. For just this
reason in their latest meeting. Botany
had first call m the betting. Glendenning,
pounds below his best form, led to the
stretch with Botany at his heels. How
son, on Josie G, was unfortunate in be
ing bumped and getting a bad break at
the start, but" it mattered little. In the
run home, the filly breezed by Botany.
-winning almost easily by a length. How
son, on the winner, rode a perfect race.
One thing or another . seems to operate
against the happiness and success of
first choices, for : Royalty and Bedeck
were the only ones to land first. The ma
jority of booKS had a most successful day
Little Redfern brought Royalty, favor
ite for the introductory sprint, from far
back in the 'rear, and in a hard drive
led De Capo out a head. The latter horse
was bet on, and had Royalty, not been
pounds the best, could not have won from
the start he received. Almoner ran third.
There seems to be nothing in store for
old Pat Morrlssey of late but bad racing
luck. He ruled a mild favorite for the
Futurity course sprint and was much the
best. Mounce, however, tried . to - come
through on the rail in the stretch and
was cut off half a dozen times. ' After
Alfred C quit Midnight Chimes headed
the bunch and won driving from Parsi
fal by more than a length. Morrissey was
Three heads on the wire, with the 13 to
10 ■ favorite Hainault third, marked the
finish of the six furlong selling affair,
third to be decided.- Kitty K^lly, a 20 to
1 outsider, cut a big dash out In front, but
was outgamed by Vantine. which - was
well handled by Lee Jackson. Hainault,
with Hoar in the saddle, was crowded in
on the rail the entire route .or he would
have won. •
J Gardner's chestnut colt Bedeck nego
tiated the mile in the fifth . event in
1:39%, beating "David S cleverly. Beyond
question the class of the four .starters,
the ring laid 6 to 5 against the Gardner
entry. Lee Jackson on David S tried to
make a runaway affair of it, and while
the outsider made a bold bid O'Connor on
Bedeck moved from last position, win
ning by a length and a half.
Half a dozen of the different entries in
the llnal mile and a sixteenth run looked
to have a chance. On private trials El
Fonse closed a. slight favorite over Ar
tilla but did not get a mark. Jackson
soon had the 10 to 1 shot Diomed showing
first, and the outsider disposed of Artllla
handily at the finish.
Track Notes.
Larry Daly was suspended lndeflnltely
by the officials in' the stand for not fur
nishing a more vigorous ride on Hua
chuca.
Hainault, entered in the name of Ed
Lani&an, was claimed from, the third race
by F. W. Doss, the owner of Bedner. The
St Carlo two-year-old was entered to be
sold for $400. Keport, however, has it that
Hainault will again be in "Daggle"
Smith's stable. * •
Lee Jackson had on his riding clothes
yesterday. He piloted three winners in
Midnight Chimes, Vantine and Diomed.
There Is one pleasant feature about Jack
son's riding, and that is in being con
sistent. • £
The Vendome stock farm disposal sale
will take place at the Occidental Horse
Exchange. 721 Howard street, this morn
ing • Trotters with records and a number
of richly bred brood mares in foal to Mc-
Kinney will pass under the hammer.
According to hearsay, $4000 was recently,,
offered and refused for Josie G. i?»
If Mounce had used better judgment in
the opening . sprint Pat Morrissey could
rot have lost. He pulled In at the head ■
of the stretch in an' endeavor to get
through on the rail when it looked ''and
was an impossibility.
The. match race this afternoon between
Old England and San Nicholas has at
tracted widespread attention and prom
ises to be a swell betting affair. Of course
with two wins to his credit Old England
is bound to be favorite. Besides this spe
cial feature the Junior stake for two
year-olds, with the great Cruzados as a
starter, is down for decision. All In all,
it is one of the strongest cards of the sea
son.
The entries are as follows:
First race — Six furion^s; selling; three-year
olds and usward.
2986 Pompino 104 2993 Orleans 104
-3001 Capt. Gaines.107 2841 Cousin Carrie 99
3001 Rio Shannon.107 3011 Torsina 104
2079 Hungarian ...109 2907 Modder 99
2993 Miss MaeDaylOli 3003 Afghan 104
Second race — Five and a half furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds. ..
(3010)Royalty 115 2976 Porpus 118
2994 Shell Mount.. 115 3005 Larry Wilt.. .118
2976 Flourish 115 2994 Dr. Scharff ..118
2994 Rosewar 115 2520 Dandy 118
(2998)St ,Philliplna..ll5 2994 El Bano 115
3007 Jarret d'Or. ..115 2951 Legal Maxim. 115.
ROWING CLUBMEN TALK -
OF AN AMALGAMATION
Oarsmen Ousted From Long: Wharf
May Unite; in* One Strong Or
ganization Under Ne"W Name.
Next Monday night the members of the
Alameda Boat Club will meet in the club
house at the foot of Chestnut street, Ala
meda, to nominate and elect a new board
of officers to serve for the ensuing term
of six months. .The club is' in a flourish
ing condition, both as regards number of
members and finances, the recent annual
entertainment having added a hanusorne
sum to the general fund.
Some time ago it was suggested that the
Pioneer and Ariel rowing clubs, which
then had their boathouses side by Bide on
Long /Wharf, should combine. ' At that
time it was not supposed, the clubs would
have to move away and leave their
houses, and as the Pioneers did not wish
to merge their identity in that of another
club, nothing came of the suggestion.
Now that both clubs have lost their, old
houses and locations, the talk of amalga
mation is heard again. The Pioneers have
some good oarsmen, their senior barge
crew being probably the strongest on the
bay, -but their list of members has fallen
off and it is understood their finances are
none too flourishing. As the Pioneers
would not like to lose their Identity in
the Ariel Club, and the Ariels would not
be willing to sink theirs in the Pioneer
Club, it would be necessary to choose a
new name, which might toe done readily.
Tho Ariels are in a good position now, and
one strong club seems able to include all
the rowing men whose headquarters /wero
for so' many years on Long wharf.
The. installation of the recently elected
officers of the Ariel Rowing Club will take
place on the second Monday in January,
on which night there .will be a high jinks.
At the last meeting of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union,
President W. B. Hinchman announced
his appointment of A. P. Rothkopf of the
Dolphins as a rowing, commissioner. His
duties will be to devise means for fur
thering the sport. .
The newly elected officers of the Dol
phin Boating Club will be Installed at the
annual dinner on Saturday evening, Janu
ary 11. The committee having the ban
quet 1 in charge consists of W. O. Patch,
Fred Selbel, - H. Peraz^I, T. J. . Kennedy
and V. Kehrleln. .
The Boating Association of the Univer
sity of California, finding. that there is no
chance of a rowing contest against Stan
ford University, Is making preparations to
send a four-oared crew to Portland, Or.i -
THE CALLS. RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Friday, Dec. 20.— "Weather fine. _ Tr^ k _ *'
SO1O. FIRST RACE— Six furlonga; selling; all ages; valu> to first, $325.
j • , ,r*- ~ ". ~ '• ; '■ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St. M. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2984* Royalty 2 97 ~7 8 I 6 V, 4~1 l~h W. B. Sink Jr.. Redfern 6-5 13-10
2850 De Capo, a lie 5 3n 1 Vi- 1 U 2 3 C. W. Chappell. .Stuart 4 4
2974 Almoner. 5 113 4 2 % 3 1 2 h 3 Vi Garland & Co.. McCarthy 6 9.
2998 Baldo 2 97 9 10 10 72 4 1 B. Schrelber Ransch 6 10
2974 Pencil Me 3 109 8 52 U l& 3 tt S 3 Alaska Stable Flick 40 100
2960 Rasp 3 ..' 109 2 71 4h82 61 J. Green McGinn 15 ■ 6O
2963 Montoya, 2 ICO 6 *H8% < » 1 "2 S.- MeN'anghton..Ransom 4 « .
3004 Crinkle, 5 113 1 1 h 5 fe 5 )&.. 8 2 . S. J. McOee Jackson 20 60
2199 B. Bohmanson, 3.111 3 6 V, 7 % 0 9 4 B. M. James Tamplin 60 150
.... Duke York II. a.113 10 9 5 9 3 10 10 I. Morehouse Vlttatoe[ 3 40
Time — % :25; V- :49V4: % 1:14%. Fair start. Won first thre» driving. Winner. W. B.
Sink Jr.'s b. i. by Cavalier-Empre3s of Norfolk. Royalty three days the best unless
Baldo is excepted. Latter practically left.' Pencil Me will bo right pretty Quick. ' Montoya
• badly handled. It was the day. set for the launching of Pt^?^?\~JS^-!?^^2n^S!5^Ir>-^-r^
you, SECOND RACE— Futurity course; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325^
: : j ~ ' I ■ • • Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vi. Si- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2902 Mid. Chimes. 4. .114 8 5 V, 52. 5% 11% Joseph Maiden. .Jackson 5 J»
2967 Parsifal, 3 ... .i.109 4 4 2 4 % 3 % 2 n J. D. Fitzgerald.. Woods 4 T
2992 Pat Morrlssey. a. 114 3 6 V, 6 4 4 % 3 % Dr. H. E. Kowell.Mounce - 2 11-3
2992 Alfred C, 4 117 5 11 1 2% 1 V» 4 2 F. Phillips Bullman 8 10
2992 Torslna a 114 2 3 %'S %' 63 53 Summers & Co. .McGinn '6 10
2979 Abba L* 3 109 7 2 Va 2 % 2 n fin B. A. Chllson Prior - S 1
2992 Miss Vera. 4 114 r 85-, 8 14-8 1 72 McDonald & Dunlap.Spn 0-2 S
2908 Searchlight, 6 114 10 7 1 7 3 7 »/i 8 3 H. P. Goldsteln.A. Kelly 15 15
2968 Rlnaldo : 6 114 0 10 9 % 9 9 1 William Cahill Hoar 30 60
2992 El Rey. 3 109 9 8 % 10 10 10 P. C. Donaleche. Ransch 8 10
Time— To %. :21; to %. :43V4: last %. 1:00%: short %. 1:10%. Perfect start. Won first,
three driving. Winner. Joseph Maiden's blk. m. by -Hermence-Glene. Chimes ran a game
and consistent race. Morrissey much the best. He was cut off repeatedly from head of ■
' stretch home. Alfred C stcetching it out. ■ Torslna apparently quit. Miss Vera cut off
early. El Rey no account. Scratcfied — B. F.Mason 114. Canejo 114.
3012p^HIRD^RACE^Six furlongs; selling; all ages; value to first, $325.
__ , _____ , _____
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2979) Vantine. 4 113 2 2n 2%2h In Snider & Co. . ..Jackson 4 5
3000 Kitty Kelly. 4 113 l l 1% 1 lft 1 l 2 h w. Lr. stanfleld. .McGinn . 15 20
(2945) Hainault 2 07 5 44 44 44 34 E. Lanigan Hoar 7-5 13-11)
(2920) Lapldus, ' 2 100 4 3h 3h 3h 4% Jenning3 & Co O'Neil 10 12
2961 Ben Ledi. 5 113 3 5 3 5 4 5 3 5 1 G. W. Scott Mounce 6 8
2971 Bedner, 3 112 7 63 65 64 65 F. W. Doss ... Buchanan 5 '■*
2994 Huachuca. 2 100 8 7 % 7 3 7 10 7 15 G. W. Baldwin.. I* Daly « 10
2687 Triaditza, 4 113 6 8 8 8 8 . J. W.. Schorr. .J. Woods 15 ' 15
Xime — Yt, :24; %, :48; %, 1:13V!. Poor start. Won first three . driving. Winner. G. W.
Snider & Co.'s ch. m. by Anchorlte-Vestina. Vantine outgamed Kitty Kelly. Latter had
an around the world ticket but missed connections at Emeryville. Hainault In a poor po
sition pinioned on the rail. Bedner and Huachuca away poorly. ScratcMed^ — King Drills
116, Edinborough 116. Katie Walcott 110^ _'.-.' _.___:
3013. FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs: .fwo-year-otda; value to first. $325.
'■ ~ ~~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. " %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2988) Josie G 110 4 4345 2n 11 J. S. Gibson Howson 8-5 fl-5"
2988 Botany 110 3 2 % 21 32 24 E. E. Edwards .. Mounce 7-5 7-5*
2782 Ishtar 110 8 3 1 3 1% 4 10 3 V, Burlingame S. F..O'Con 15 25
298S Glendennlng 110 1 - 2 % 1 6 14 4 20 Montana Stable.. -Bullmn 3 18-5
2873 Victoria S 110 2 5 5 5 5 P. Moore & Co.. Ransch 30 100
Time— %, :12; %, :23ft; %, :47%; %. :59%. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. f. by Bloomsbury -Czarina. Josie G showed more speed
than eyer before. She was bumped at start and away poorly. Botany well ridden. Glea
dennlnjg_la^s.tale. .__,..-_ _,.,_ l _^ _, .,__,
3014. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
.-..■-. ~ ~~ ~~ " . Betting. "
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. }i. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2993 Bedeck, 3 106 3 • *" 4 4 1 1% J. Gardner. ... .O'Connor 6-5 6-5
(3003) David S, 3. 103 4 11% 13 12 2 ns W. L. Stanfleld.. Jacksnn 8 9>
(2990) Plohn, 4 112 132 3% - 2h 35 P. Ryan Bullman 4 7-2
2990 Oscar Tolle, 3 106 2 2 2% 2 1 3 h 4 Baldwin & Co..J. Woods 3 14-5
Time — y t :25; %, :49%; %, 1:14%; mile, 1:39ft. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and
third driving. Winner. J. Gardner's ch. c. by Star Ruby-Bedott. BedecK the class. David
did his very best. _Plohn_ ran a I l5^ a fiS^-J£SB^-S^^-^-^-w
3015. SIXTH RACE — 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
Index Horse. Age. v Weight. St. hi- V»- Str. Fin, Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3003* Diomed. 4 109 S 3%3%12 1% Brown & Co Jackson 6 10
2997 Artilla. 4 109 4 4%72 62 24 C. W. Carroll. . Buchanan 2 4
2997 Com. Attorney, 4.109 2 2 2% 1 n 2n 3 1% P. Corrigan Bullmanl 3 7
2987 Ulm 5 i...lO9 6 9 6%5*-j43 jHolcomb & Smith. Mnce 8 S
2997 ITony Lepping, 3. .103 8 8 % 8 1 84 5n Newman & Eagah. O' Neil 10 50
(2969) Windward, 6 112 1 5% 5% 73 6ft fHennessy & Co. .Vlttatoe 6 10
(2673) El Fonse, 3 100 9 72 4% 4 % 7 1 Burns & Waterhs.. Ranch 5 ;{
2987 El Mido, 5 112 5 In 2n 3n 84 J. S. Campbell. .O'Connr 6 8
2991 Morinel. 6 100 7 6^4 0 0 0 M. Storn ..J. Woods 7 10
Time— 1-16. :07; Y*. :24%: %. :49%: %. 1:15ft; mile, 1:41%: 1 l-16m. 1:47^. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s ch. g. by Red Iron- '
Lilly Wright. Winner a bad actor %r post, but fa^t. Artilla stood a long drive. Attorney
ran his race. El Fonse away poorly and bumped at start. El Mido quit. Scratched— First
Shot 109. Lost Girl 109, Afghan 109. j i
Third race — One and a quarter miles: selling;
'. three-year-olds and upward.
, 3015 El Mido .....101 (2997)Posltion 113
' 2966 Sunello ......104 2997 Sea Song 107
3015 Com. AttornylO"
Fourth race — Six furlongs; free handicap: all
«000)Mercer 107 2986 The Miller ..10O
2065 Meehanus ...112 (2986)Frank Bell ..108
(2443) Headwater ...107 2894 Sombrero 100
Fifth race-^-Seven furloncs: the Junior
stakes: two-year-olds; purse $1500.
3007 Mllas 113 3013 Botany 110
(3007)Com. .Forster.113 (2831)Cruzados ....121
(2S63)Redan 110 (2994) Waterscra ten 110
2988 Rameses 113 (28C9)Escalante ....118
3013 Ishtar HO 3007 The Giver ...113
Sixth race — Five furlongs; match race; $500
a side, with $500 added. O'Connor to ride Old
England. Spencer to ride San Nicholas.
C999)Old England.. 111^ 2999 San Nicholas. Ill
Seventh race— One mile and fifty yards; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
3004 John Welch ..114 3011 Miss Vera ...114
2973 Burdoc 114 3004 Elmer L 108
8004 Col. BallantynlOS 3000 Compass 105
2888 Pegalong 105 3009 Romany 114
2969 St. Anthony ..114 3004 Intrada 105
3004 M. L. Rothsldl08 2S34 Kastalne 114
3009 Courtier 105
PASADENA IS BEADY
FOR THE FOOTBALL GAME
Accommodations for Eight Thousand
Spectators Are Being
Prepared.
PASADENA. Dec. 20.— Arrangements for
the Stanford-Michigan football game, the
big sporting event of the annual tourna
ment of roses on New Tear's day, are
nearing completion. The 'Stanford party,
consisting of the varsity and subs,
coacKfes and trainers^ twenty . men in all,
is scheduled to arrive here to-morrow
noon in charge of Manager Edwards. The
men will be quartered at the Hotel Green,
as will the Eastern players when they
arrive. The Stanford eleven will complete
its training here with dally practice on
the new gridiron now being finished at
Sportsman's Park. Coach Yost of the
Michigan eleven and two men are expect
ed here by the 27th of this month.
Interest in the contest between the
champion eleven of the Middle West and
one of the big California varsities Is
strong among football experts here. Di
rector James R. H. "Wagner of the Tour
nament Association is preparing accom
modations for 8000 people. Members of
the Michigan Society of Los Angeles and
the Alumni of Stanford University have
reserved sections of the stands and boxes
for their use on New Year's day and indi
cations point to a large attendance.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 20.—
The twenty men composing the Stanford
football squad from which the team that
will meet the University of Michigan
eleven on New Year's ■ day will
be chosen left Palo Alto on ths
Sunset express to-night for Pasadena. The
men are all in excellent spirit and fair
physical condition, considering ' the fact
that they have not been in strict training
since the intercollegiate game on Novem
ber 9. There are nearly enough players
in the squad to form two elevens to op
pose one another in scrimmage work until
the day of the game. The team will be
strengthened by the presence of Traeger.
who it was feared would not be able to
play because of sickness. The big fellow
is picking up rapidly and by New Year's
day will be able to give a good account
of himself. " ■ . t • ". *' T-
The feeling among the football enthu
siasts here is that the' cardinal eleven will
make a good showing against the Wol
verines, although a victory is not -hoped
for. -Stanford's defense is stronger than
its offensive work, and the cardinal sup
porters rely on this ability to withstand
attack to prevent a large score being
rolled up. such as Michigan has been win
ning by during the season.
Selections for To-Day.
Afghan.™ 6 "*" 88 "" Day * C ° Usln Carr *
Second race— Shell Mount. Jarretierre EC Or
Porous. *
Third race— Position. Sunello, Com. Attorney
Fourth race — Sombrero, Mercer. Headwater!
Fifth race — Baldwin stable, Jlilas.
Sixth race — Old England.
• Seventh race— Kastalne, Miss Vera, Col. Bal
lantyne.
ADVSKTISEIilENTS. •
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
. Cor. Pine and Market Sts-.
SAN FRANCISCO.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ML*.
Established 13SL Con.
eultation and prlvat* boo i
free at cClce or by u>_ u,
cures- guaranteed.
73*1 MARKET ST.
6AN FKAKCISCO. <___/
56
SATURDAY.. DECEMBER 21, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. &£
Hint* All Commimlealioni to W. 8. IXAKE. Kaoaj^r.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, tf. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered hy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
' Sinsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL. <includlng Sunday), one year J6-00
DAILY CALL (including Sut-day). 6 i-onths 2.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '. B 50
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1- EO
WEEKLY CALL, One Year LOO
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be lorwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In orderli-c chanre of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure e prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE. 77777777. ....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE: KUOGNESS.
V auger Foreign Adrertisinp. Ktrqcette Bnilding. Chleags.
(X/onr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Sauare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHTISGTOX <D. C>) OFFICE. . . .14O6 G St., N. W.
MORTO5T E. CRAJVE, Correspondent.
nn.*\CH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22G1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1209 Fillmcre. open until 9 v. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — * "Diplomacy."
California— "Rip Van Winkle."
Tivoli— "Little Red Ridlnff Hood."
Central — "Muldoon's Picnic."
Alcazar — "The Gay Mr. Ligrhtfoot."
Columbia— "A Royal Rojjue."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Layng — Saturday, December 21, at 11 o'clock.
Trotting Stock, at 721 Howard street.
A DISSOLVING CABINET.
DESPITE President Roosevelt's announcement
that he would carry out the policy of Mc-
Kinley. and despite his earnest efforts made
a the time he took office to induce McKinley's Min
isters to remain and assist him in the task, the Cabi
r.et is dissolving rapidly. If all reports from Wash
ington be true it is probable there will be virtually if
r.ot absolutely a new Cabinet in office before the close
of this session of Congress.
Rumor has been busy with stories of discord be
tween the new President and the Cabinet officers. It
has been said that several of them do not like his
methods of doing business. Reports have been given
out that this or that Secretao' is displeased because
the President confers directly with subordinates when
he wishes information concerning certain phases of
work in their department instead of making* his
inquiries through the Secretary himself. Some of
these stories and reports may have a partial founda
tion, but it is safe to say all such are exaggerated and
none are wholly true. Even should all the predicted
changes in the Cabinet take place, there would be no
occasion for resorting to such rumors to find an ex
planation of them.
It is well known that at the close of the first term
of McKinley there were common reports that there
would be a great many changes in the Cabinet at
the beginning of the new term. These reports were
founded upon the well-known desire of several mem
bers of the Cabinet to retire at that time. Secretary
Gage, for example, remained only because of the ur
gent desire of his chief, and there were others who
were influenced in the same way. It is natural that
these men should not feel the same obligation to
Roosevelt as to their former chief. Their private in
terests are large, and they may well* feel that it will
be no more than what is right if»they now turn the
public service over to the new administration and set
about looking after their own affairs, f
The relations of a President to his Cabinet are
necessarily very close. There ought to* exist between
them something of personal congeniality as well as
of political harmony. Under such circumstances the
retirement of members of the Cabinet dots not imply
any real antagonism between them and the Presi
dent
It has been the clear intention of the opposition to
arouse factional strife in the Republican party if it
can. Almost every day brings a new story of dis
cord between the President and some prominent Re
publican. We have been told that he has disagreed
with Hanna, with Platt and with Fairbanks of In
diana. Whenever a Cabinet officer intimates a de
sire to return to private life, or a Senator does not
oDtain exactly the patronage he wishes, the story
goes forth that the President is alienating his party.
There is no reason why the intelligence of the coun
try should be disturbed by such reports. The present
Cabinet may dissolve as quickly as some of th2
Washington dispatches forecast, but the harmony be
tween the Republican majority in Congress and the
administration will continue unbroken.
A Minnesota schoolboy who was getting up in
formation for his side of a school debate wrote to the
Secretary of War to ask whether Miles or Merritt is
the better general; and, while the inquiry seems im
pertinent, it shows that the boy has the making of a
good newspaper man in him, for he goes to the right
place to get the kind of information that would be
most interesting to the public.
Eastern papers announce the coming production
of an American grand opera by an American com
poser with an American prima donna, so now let the
world be still and listen and it will hear something
doing on the Atlantic coast. ' *
It is stated that all the linen used in the White
House this year 'will be the work of Porto Rico
women, and thus does the baby colony get its little
industries known to the country at the first jump.
FOB INDUSTRIAL PEACE.
FOLLOWING the strenuous contests between
labor and capital during the past summer and
fall there has come a movement designed to
prevent the recurrence of such disastrous antagon
isms in the future. The committee appointed at the
recent conference in New York gives promise that
the hope of those who desire peace will be fulfilled.
It is composed of men who are in the fullest sense
representative of labor, of capital,. and of the conser
vative spirit of the nation at large. That it will have
a potent moral influence at all times when it chooses
to exert itself to prevent strikes or lockouts is beyond
question, and that in itself will go far toward achiev
ing the jdesired end. v
It is not the intention of the committee to consider
or discuss any of the relations of capital and labor as
abstract propositions. It will deal only with specific
appeals which may' be made from time to time and
will act upon those as practical issues and not with
any intention of formulating theoretical principles.
It will be, in fact, a set of practical men organized to
deal with industrial disputes between employers and
employes, and' will do its work in a business way,
having no other object than that of clearing up such
misunderstandings- as may exist between the contend
ing parties.
That the work of such a committee will prove bene
ficial appears almost inevitable. In his address to the
conference John Mitchell, president of the United
Mine Workers, said: "I have never seen a strike that
could not have been averted if the two interests, had
met fairly in advance." The statement is the more
impressive because it comes from a man who has
probably seen more strikes than any other man of his
age in the country. It reveals clearly how large a
field there is for the work of a committee which will
have' sufficient moral force back of it to well nigh
compel both sides to confer fairly before either ven
tures upon a lockout or a strike.
On the day after its appointment the committee or
ganized as "The Industrial Department of the Na
tional Civic Federation." It defined its purpose. by
declaring: "The scope and province of this depart
ment shall be to do whatever may seem best to pro
mote industrial peace, to be helpful in establishing
rightful relations between employers and workers,
by its good offices endeavor to obviate and prevent
strikes and lockouts, to aid in renewing industrial re
lations where a rupture has occurred?'
For the purpose of carrying out the, work pro
posed the committee, either as a whole or through
subcommittees, will "act as a forum to adjust and de
cide upon questions at issue between workers and
their employers, provided in its opinion the subject
is one of sufficient importance." It is to be specially
noted that the committee declares "it will-not consider
abstract industrial problems," and "assumes no pow
ers of arbitration unless such powers be conferred by
both parties to the dispute."
Here, then, we have a committee of national im
portance undertaking the task of making sure that
there shall be no great strike until after a fair con
ference between the contending parties has been
had. It exerts no power other than that which eman
ates from moral influence, but it is well known that
in this country that power is great. It is fairly cer
tain public opinion will not sustain any party to an
industrial controversy which would refuse to heed a
call of the Industrial Department of the National
Civic Federation summoning it to a conference.'"
We need not indulge all the sanguine hopes ex
pressed by some of the members of the conference to
recognize that a great force making 'for the general
good has been established. It will not be able to
prevent strikes and lockouts altogether, but it will
help materially to that end. The work is in the hands
of strong and resolute men, and in every well de
vised action they take they will have the support of
a vast majority of the people.
H. Gaylord Wilshire, the of one of the
fake periodicals which under the new ruling have
been denied the privilege of transmission through
the mails as second class matter, has removed him
self and his publication to Canada, and thus does the
new rule benefit this country to a far greater extent
than was expected.
THE TARIFF AND THE TRUSTS.
CONGRESSMAN PAYNE of New York has
contributed to the current number of the In
ternational Monthly a review of the relation
of trusts to tariffs in this country and in the prin
cipal nations of Europe. The article is directed to an
examination of the arguments of those who hold that
trusts are the outcome of protective tariffs, that they
are more numerous and more powerful in this coun
try than elsewhere, and that the best means of break
ing such monopolies as they establish is to expose
them to the competition of free trade.
Mr. Payne points out that the protective system has
built up the industries of the United States, has es
tablished them upon a basis of home competition, has
so stimulated American mechanical skill and energy
that we are now by far the foremost industrial nation
on the globe, and has raised our workingmen to a
standard of living far higher than is enjoyed by the
workers of any other people. He cites many illus
trations of the good effects of protection in develop
ing in this country important industries that could
never have been maintained here under a system of
free trade. By reason of the profits assured to indus
try through the tariff there has arisen a competition
among manufacturers engaged in those industries,
and the result has been a general lowering of prices
to consumers without lowering wages.
Having thus set forth the benefits of protection he
proceeds directly to the question of the relation of
tariffs to trusts. He furnishes a long array of facts
gathered from consular reports showing that trusts
exist in every important nation in the world, despite
the variation in their tariffs. They exist and flourish
where there is free trade as well as where there is
protection. Great Britain, for ..example, has an al
most unlimited freedom of trade, and yet, as Mr.
Payne says: "Next to Germany Great Britain seems
to lead the world in the extent to which its industries
are under the control of trusts. These combinations
are so frequent over there as to excite little attention
or interest.' They control almost every branch and
kind of industry. To give any detailed account of
their extent, or the various branches of manufacture
they control, would require more space than is ac
corded to a magazine article. These trusts are or
ganized under the incorporation laws, and also as a
combination of many firms. The fact that all ar
ticles covered by trusts in, Great Britain are imported
free- of duty would seem to indicate, that the tariff in
Great Britain is not the mother of trusts."
The conclusion of the whole argument is this: "A
protective tariff tends to foster and build up com
petition. Every successful corporation which is
launched in a particular business, great or small, is
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
an incentive to the holders of the abundant capital
which now exists in this country to engage in a sim
ilar branch of business. This Is having its effect
every day. * *' * The main hope of destroying
trusts, or rendering their . operations harmless, is in
the competition which results from the natural laws
of trade, fostered when needed by the protective
tariff."
While there is nothing in this argument that is new
to those who have studied .the subject, the article has
yet a special value because of the array of facts
brought to sustain it. It is also pertinent to the
time, since under the leadership of men like Con
gressman Babcock there has been started a move
ment to break down the protective" system under the
pretense that by such action it will be possible to pre
vent the formation of monopolistic trusts.- So long
as that agitation goes on a clear presentation of the
truth concerning the tariff and the trusts .cannot be
too frequently made. Our industries rest upon pro
tection, and 'if that be withdrawn we may destroy our
domestic trusts indeed, but nearly all local industries
will go with them, and we shall fall into the hands of
foreign trusts, against which no home competition
will avail anything.
A statistician estimates that if all the armies of
Europe were drawn up in a long procession, with
their artillery, baggage-wagons and other equip
ments, the line would extend for upward of 24,000
miles, or virtually form a continuous array all round
the globe; and that is the kind of military ring the
workingmen of Europe have to support.
BRITAIN'S POOD SUPPLY.
AT a recent meeting of the National Union of
Conservative Clubs in Great Britain there was
adopted a resolution declaring: "Tha't for the
better security of the natipn Parliament should con
sider what measures can be taken for the preserva
tion and continuance of our food supply in case of
complications with other powers."
To Americans the resolution may not mean much,
but in Great Britain it is taken as a preliminary step
toward a campaign of education in favor of protect
ing British agriculture. The object of the resolution
is to get a committee appointed to investigate the
food supplies of the country. It is believed the in
vestigation will . disclose the serious danger of star
vation in which many thousands of people, in Great
Britain would be placed by a war which would
threaten her supremacy on the sea and interfere with
the importation of food. With such a showing, based
upon official statistics, the agriculturists will go be
fore the country and ask for a protective tariff on
wheat and other foodstuffs sufficiently high to render
profitable their cultivation at home.
A programme of that kind has to be approached
cautiously. The British have come to regard free
trade with something like a* superstitious reverence,
and any direct attack upon it would doom to defeat
the candidate who made it. Moreover, a tariff duty
on wheat and farm produce generally would be a tax
on bread and meat. It would be literally what the
German workingmen are calling the new German
tariff, "a hunger tax." The British workingman
would not support it for a day, unless it can be proven
to him that he runs the risk of starvation in case of
war if he do not consent to'pay the cost of food
raising at home. . .
This is perhaps as good a time as any to make such
an appeal for a return to the corn laws. The British
people are by no means so sure of themselves as they
were a few years ago. Many of -the manufacturers
whose predecessors led the free trade movement un
der the leadership of Cobden and Bright are begin
ning to feel the need of protection for their, own in
dustries, and consequently will be much more inclined
to listen favorably to the plea of the land-owners than
they were a few years ago.
The cautiousness with which any suggestion of
tariff duties is approached shows there is no party in
Great Britain willing as yet to include protection in
its political programme, but none the less the move
ment toward a resumption of protection is unmis
takable. • The number of those who frankly declare
for it is increasing, and it would seem to be a mat
ter of but a comparatively few years when one party
or the other will make it an issue and win;
Secretary Gage has recommended the repeal of
what are known as the "miscellaneous war taxes."
He says "they are in their nature vaxatious, in some
instances oppressive, and separately considered yield
but small revenue." The recommendation suits the
country and Congress should live up to it.
SAN FRANCISCO has undertaken by voluntary
subscription to erect two monuments, one to
.Lincoln and one to McKinley. These enter
prises of patriotism should be kept in mind during the
holiday, gift-giving season. Why' should not each one
in proportion to his means contribute something of
"his holiday money to one or both of thefunds, which
are designed for the double purpose of attesting our
veneration for the martyred Presidents and of adorn
ing our city with artistic memorials?
The McKinley fund is growing apace. It has al
ready reached very nearly the sum of $30,000. The
Lincoln fund has not yet been so well supported,
though equally deserving. There is of course a rea
son for the difference in the popular contributions to
the two enterprises. The death of McKinley is still
acutely felt as the supreme tragedy of the year. The
hearts of all are still vibrating with personal memo
ries of the President who was so cruelly shot down in
the very midst of an assembly of the people whom
his statesmanship hail helped to render prosperous.
On the other hand the memory of Lincoln has be
come weakened by the lapse of time. He is not a
part of the, life of this generation as McKinley was,
and hence there is no such sense of personal "loss
when we recall his death. Naturally the people fol
low, the. stronger impulse, and their contributions
have been mainly to the fund designed to erect a
monument to the President who is personally remem
bered.
We ought to have each of these funds completed
as soon as possible. A little contribution to each
would be no heavy burden upon any one at this glad
season of the year. Where all give something no one
need give' much. The gifts, moreover, would not be
for toys soon, to be broken or for presents for a
mere holiday gladness, but would remain in the city
as permanent additions to its artistic and patriotic
treasures. We have undertaken -the two monuments.
Let us fulfill our undertaking. . iKxk'
The Philippine tariff bill went through the House
of Representatives like wheat . through a shoot, but
when it gets to the Senate it "will have t to pass
through a grinding process, and not until that is fin
ished will we know what the grist is to be.
OUR MONUMENT FUNDS.
LOSES A COMMISSION
FOR JILTING FIANCEE
PORTRAITS OF MISS REBECCA DOUGLASS AND CAPTAIN "W. P.
CRAWFORD OF CHESTER, S. C. SECRETARY ROOT DENIED A
COMMISSION TO LATTER FOR BREAKING HIS ENGAGEMENT.-
SECRETARY ROOT recently decided that the man who jilts his fiancee with
out excellent reasons therefor may not receive a commission In the army
of the United States. _ r „
The Secretary reached this conclusion in the case of Captain vv. tr.
Crawford of Chester, S. C, whom he found he could not recommend for
appointment to a lieutenancy in the regular service because he refused to marry
Miss Rebecca Douglass of the same place, giving reasona which the Secretary
decided did not justify the refusal.
Secretary Rcot has had the matter under consideration for several months.
"When Miss Douglass heard that Crawford, who had won a captaincy in volun
teer service in Cuba and the Philippines, was an applicant for a commission she
induced her friends' to interest Senator McLaurin in her behalf. She asserted
that Crawford had jilted her without cause almost at the hour set for the wed-
The South Carolina Senator laid the facts before .the Secretary and also the
' President, and the application was held up pending an investigation.
Crawford was called upon for an explanation, but he said he preferred to lose
the commission to explaining to the Secretary why he had broken the engage
ment. He said, however, he had explained very fully in a letter to the young
woman's mother, and that he had no objection to having the Secretary see that
letter if Miss Douglass' mother would consent.
Three weeks ago Mrs. Douglass was asked if she would submit that letter to
the Secretary. To-day she answered lay Bending Crawford's explanation. .After
the Secretary considered the matter for a few hours he announced that he would
not recommend Crawford for appointment. The Secretary declined to disclose
even a hint of the reason given by Crawford for the jilting.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. S. Childs of Redding is at the Palace.
H. H. Knapp, a banker of Napa, Is at
the Palace.
Ross C. Kline, coast representative of
the Wabash road at Los Angeles, is at
the Grand.
P. L.! Flanigan, a mining man of Reno.
New, is at the Grand. '
L. A. Grant, a railroad contractor of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
F. G. Ostrander, District Attorney of
Merced County, is at the Lick.
Judge Frank H. Short of Fresno arrived
last evening and is at the Palace.
D. E. Dittmar, editor of the Mining
News of Redding, is at the Grand.
Theo Winters, a well'* known horse
raiser of Washoe, New, is at the Russ.
E. B. Willis, managing editor of the
Record-Union of Sacramento, is at the
Russ.
W. B. Clapp of the United States Geo
logical Survey has returned from Los An
geles and is at the Occidental.
F. W. Buskirk, assistant general pas
senger agent of the Erie roads, with head
quarters in Chicago, left last evening for
Coronado. -■• •
Orlando Harriman, brother of E. H.
Harriman, president of the Southern Pa
cific Company, arrived yesterday and is
at the Palace.
Sanford F. de Ved, a United States
Marshal of Elmira, N. Y., is at the Pal
ace. He brought a Chinaman from the
East who is to be deported.
Thomas Turnbull, representing the in
dustrial interests of California before the
Congressional Industrial Commission, re
turned yesterday from Washington, where
he had been to make an official report.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"The White House has just received two
coats of paint."
"Has it? What color?"
Gustomer— See here, waiter, I found a
button in this salad.
Waiter— Yes, sir; that's part of the
dressing.— Philadelphia Record.
"Oh, Miss Simpkins, when you smile on
me I'm in the seventh heaven."
'•Well, Mr. Hopkins, that's no great ele
vation according to- the way buildings are
put up now."— Chicago Record-Herald.
Nell — I suppose she's long and lanky,
just the same as ever.
Belle— Not at all. You know she recent
ly came into a fortune. She's "divinely
tall" now.— Philadelphia Record.
"But your franchise is not properly as
sessed," suggested the citizen.
"That's all you know about it," an
swered the street railway man; "the Al
dermen taxed us the limit price when we
got it."— Chicago Post.
Choice candies, Townsend's, P'alace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's. *
- Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits ready for shipping. Townsend's. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c. 639 Market street.*
, Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Thousands of fire-etched boxes to select
from at Townsend's* 627 Market, Palace.*
Useful Christmas present— finest eye
glasses, specs, 20c to 40c. 81 Fourth street,
Iront of jiarber and grocer. . , •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), BIO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Two-pound handsome fire-etched box of
California Glace Fruits, express charges
prepaid to Chicago, New York and East
ern points, $1.35. Time to send now. Thou
sands ot packages ready. 639 Market st. •
For the Writing Desk.
Leather Bound Silver Mounted Blotters,
Desk Sets, Ink Stands, Lap Tablets, Uia
ries, Calendars, Papeteries. Gold Mounted
Pen Holders and Pencils make inexpens
ive, beautiful and useful 'Christmas pres
ents, i Greatest variety and best values at
Sanborn, Vail-& Co.'s. 741 Market st. •
All a man has to do to make a girl
think ehe is having a desperate flirtation
with him is to ask her what he ought to
do to show women his ideals are different
from other men's.
"The Overland Limited," via Union Pacific
K. R., is the. only train making connection »n
Chicaco with the fast Express Trains lea vine
Chicago in the morning for New York. • By
this Route you* can remain In . San Francisco
until 10 a. m., reaching: Chicago six hours
quicker, than on any other Limited Train. This
tralnruna Every Day in the Year. . D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen. AgL. No. 1 Montgomery st..
S. F.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EGGS— S., City. It requires two hours
and a half to digest raw eggs, three
hours to digest soft-boiled and three and
a half hours to digest hard-boiled eggs.
MEXICO— G. W. Z., Placerville. Cat. The
American Consul at the City of Mexico
is Andrew D. Barlow. Communicate with
the Consul tor the Information about the
firm you ask about.
COINS— G. F., Le?s Gatos, Cal. In the
long list of coins submitted but one com
mands a premium, and that is the gold
dollar of 1861, -for which dealers offer a
premium of 20 cents.
AIRSHIP-O. A. R., Bullion, Nev. The
work of building the airship near Golden
Gate Park In San Francisco has been dis
continued for some time for want of
funds to continue the same.
CORDUROY— Derwent, San Mateo, Cal.
If you have a white corduroy waist that
has become soiled you had better send it
to some professional cleaner, aa by try
ing to clean it yourself you will in all
probability ruin it. Corduroy has to be
cleaned the same as white velvet, and
great skill Is required to do that properly.
BOOKS ANI> COIN— E., Evergreen. Cal.
An arithmetic of 1715 and a copy of the
John Bell Magazine of 1813 have no mar
ket value and are worth only what one
desiring such would be willing to pay.
"What is the value of a coin of 1806 hav
ing stamped upon it Georgius III D. G.
Rex?" cannot be answered, as there were
many denominations of George III -coins
in that year and the inquiry does not
classify it.
-HOMESTEAD-J. A. Plymouth, Cali
fornia. If a man file on a homestead,
lives there several months with his fam
ily,, then moves away taking with him his
family and household effects, making his
home elsewhere for a year or even six
months, he" forfeits his rights to the
homestead. Temporary absence to earn a
living does not break the continuity of
residence, for a man may absent himself
five months in the aggregate each year to
earn money to improve the homestead
The law is that if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the land department that
a settler has changed his residence or
abandoned the land embraced in his
homestead entry for more than six
months at any time, such entry will be
canceled and the land revert to the Gov
ernment.
|l EMMA CALVE TELLS THE STORY OF HER
EXPERIMENTS IN THE OCCULT.
SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST FIRE LASSIE.
CHRISTMAS AT DICKEY'S.
g^THE SIGNS IN THE STARS.
(Pick out the date of your birth and Tead your for-
tune in next Sunday's Call).
THE LITTLE JAP GIRL AND HER DOLL.
SOCIETY LADIES POSE AS MADONNAS.
THE BEAUTY QUEST.
Article II— How to Cultivate Beautiful Curves.
THE STORY OF THE' SPEDLIN GHOST.
20-PAGES HUMAN INTEREST STORIES-20
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
The taste for the publication of love
letters seema a widespread one at the
present day. It has sufficed for tha ru
mor to get abroad that the correspond
ence of George Sand with her two moat
famous lovers— Alfred de Musset ana
Chopin— were to be published. This
caused quite a pleasurable tremor of an
ticipation among the circulating libraries.
It appears, however, that the rumor is
partly premature, partly false. George
Sand herielf confided her correspondence
with Alfred de Musset to Emile Aucante.
to be published at an opportune moment,
which apparently not yet arrived.
Her letters to Chopin, which wers re
turned to her by Alexandre Dumas fib,
she, like a wise woman, con/lded to the
flames. ....'.
The letters which Mme. Maurice San-1
collated shortly before her recent death
and which are about to be given to the
world, contain, it is true, some of De
Musset's, but these are not in the least
love letters, in company with letters from
some of George Sand's other famous cor
respondents, such as Victor Hugo, FlauV
bcrt, Barbes and Saint-Beuve. It is reck
oned that they should form an interesting
commentary on their ideas of the events
of part of the nineteenth century, sucii
as Voltaire's correspondence gives of the
eighteenth.
Most Popular Novels.
Now that most of the recent works of
leading novelists are in the hands or the
reading public It may be Interesting to
hear what books are being most widely
read on this side.
From inquiries of some of the principal
libraries it -seems, as of course might
have been expected, that Hall Calne's
"Eternal City" Is in most demand, but—
and there is a very decided "but" In this
cage—most librarians consider the popu
larity of Hall Caine's book only moment
ary. One ot the leading West End libra
rians says: "While It Is true that the
'Eternal City' is in most demand at pres
ent there can be no doubt that its popu
larity is but a fleeting one. It represents
only the requirements of a class of read
ers which is both uncritical and fickle,
rarely exercising a conscious preference
and content with obtaining the best ad
vertised article of the day.
"Among the more discriminating read
ers the most popular novels ar© 'Sir
Richard Calmady/ "Tristram of Blent'
and 'Kim.' In a very short time the
'Eternal City' will be as much forgottenu
as the 'Master Christian,' which it haaj
now supplanted.'*
Now, take the opinion of one of tha
chief librarians ot the East End, where
literary tastes are usually of quite a dif
ferent stamp. . Here again in. this case
opinion is quite the same as in the "West:
"The 'Eternal Clry'*ls certainly one o£
the books most asked for, and is the
most frequently available for issue, be
cause It is of such an absorbing and ex
citing nature tUat people sit up all night
to finish, it. At any rate it is pretty reg
ularly returned the day after issue. Con
sidering Its length approaches to that of
the Bible, this is a tribute to its popular
ity in one way and a proof that curiosity
is soon quenched. The same may be said
of all the long problem novels which ap
pear. They are taken out because they
are boomed and talked about and are
promptly returned. So in this way novels
of the 'Master Christian' type receive
quite a fictitious record of popularity and
are .to be found at the top of long lists
of novels arranged In the order of their
so-called popularity."
Volume About Bacon.
Mrs. Elizabeth "Well3 Gallup of Amer
ica is not to b© allowed to make a "cor
ner in Bacon."
There is to appear shortly through the
firm of Grant Richards a volume enti
tled "The Tragedy of Sir Francis Bacon."
It is an appeal try Harold Bayley for fur
ther investigation and research into many
questions at issue. Broadly it advances
that Bacon was associated with an actual
society known superficially to history as
the "Rosicrucians"; that the object of
this fraternity of learned men was tha
advancement of knowledge chiefly by the
preparation of instructive and elevating
literature; that the books so published
were secretly hallmarked.
This brings us to the Elizabethan Re
naissance, which is here put to the credit
of the "Rosicrucians."
As to the Bacon-Shakespeare contro
versy, it is a deplorable truism, says Bay
ley, that we English people know noth
ing or next to nothing of one who was
perhaps our noblest countryman. Francis
Bacon, instead of being rightly revered
or even respected, is to the majority but
little more than a dishonored name. It
is even more deplorable that as day by
day new writers come forward with fresh
facts their evidence Is unheeded or cried
down.
If any other woman talked about the
man a girl is, engaged to the way she
does, she would never forgive her with
her dying breath.MISCELLANEOUS.
I If You Want the Best Buy .... i
I NEWJ5URNER OIL HEATERS
S : - ■ ■ ■ S
| £ IT CANNOT SMOKE q I
| HAS AN AUTOMATIC EXTINGUISHER. I
I PERFECT COMBUSTION. /#&&* I
| ,^M^SJ NO ODOR - - ABSOLUTELY SAFE. llppllT :
I illljiilp • Costs Less Than One Cent an HouP to i^^^B I
S Heat a Roon^ Sixteen Feet Square. M^^^^^ 8
I iiiipl I WRITE for ILLUSTRATED PRICE LIST J
0 f^iSi^OTH We guarantee it will please you in opera- I
§ on more than anything of the kind you sj
1 S4»^5^ Seven different styles and sizes. Prices . V |
§ running from $4.50 to $9.75. |
1 P A I lUoifclN O Sixteenth and J
I (STOVE DEPARTMENT). Mission StS. J
RUMOR ALARMS
SKAGWAY PEOPLE
Fear Cession of Large
Strip of Territory to
Canada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 2O.-The re
port that a large strip of territory, five
miles wide and thirty miles from the sea
shore, extending from. Pyramid Harbor
into the Porcupine country, is to be ceded
by the United Sta'tes to Canada, is the lat
est sensation that is troubling the minds
of the people of Skagway. Passengers
arriving by the seamer Amur to-day say
that nothing else is discussed on the
streets and there is a revival of the taik
of a few weeks ago of an invasion of the
Klondike because of the alleged grasp
ing propensities of the Canadians.
The local happenings which have given
color to the statement are the arrange
ments made by the party of engineers,
consisting of H, T. Harper, W. L. God
win and others, for making a railway
survey from Pyramid Harbor along the
old route of the Dalton trail to Fort Sel
kirk and down the Yukon River to Daw
son. Were such a railway constructed It
would be much shorter than the present
line, and as the grades would be easier,
it could handle business with much less
expense. The party started on snow
shoes and must have been in a great
hurry, so the story goes, else they would
have* waited for better weather and no
snow in the spring.
The probability of the cession of the
Pyramid Valley, in the minds of north
erners, lies in the fact that the Dominion
Government officials have said again and
again that no charter will be given to a
railway which runs partly Into the Yukon
territory and partly in Alaska. There
fore it is believed that, as the railway
will apparently be built, it must all be
In Canada, and this cupports the rumor
already circulated on the merits of an
ordinary report that this parcel of land
will be ceded by the American Govern
ment to Canada.
Our German-Arrericaus — See them pictured
in Christmas Wasp. Out to-day. Cosmopoli
tan Calitorr.'.a illustrated. Send it to foreign
friends. •
Work on New Laboratory.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 20.—
Vv'ithin ten days work will be started on
the erection of the new mechanical engi
r.ferinsr laboratory which is to form the
southeast corner of the outer quadrangle.
The building- will be reared on land ad
joining- the university power-house, from
which power will be drawn to operate the
laboratory machinery. Both the mechan
ical and electric engineering departments
will be accommodated in the structure,
v. h'.ch is to be one of the largest and most
handsome on the campus. It Is to be
completed by June.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O -O
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
Albvms from $150
Perlvme Atomizers Irom 25c
Ladies' Pocket Books Irom .25c
Pcrlvxncs in fancy boxes from. .25c
Ccllvloid Toilet Sets Irom $2.00
p Ebony Toilet Ssts from $2.50
Roger & GaUet's Perfumes from. .75c
Collar and Culf Boxes from 75c
Necktie Boxes from 75c
Opera Classes and Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
> — Q
ROOFING SLATE.
We are prcoared to furnish unexcelled black.
<&lso iiray. roofind Elate, manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. We invite com-
parison with any Eastern elate,
'•w on application full information will be fur-
nlshed intendins builders.
EUREKA 1 SLATE CO. ,
Room 15, Becond Floor. Mills Building,
San Francisco, CaL
SACRIFICES HER
LIFE TO PRIDE
Aged Woman Succumbs
to Starvation in
Pasadena.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Dec. 20.— Mrs. Adeline
Barrett died of starvation in this city
yesterday because she was too proud to
beg. Neighbors of the woman are deeply
affected, as they did not know of her
need. Mrs. Barrett was a native of Illi
nois, 50 years of age, and resided on Lin
coln avenue. She received about $15 quar
terly from some stock she owned and
tried to exist on this income. She would
buy a cup of coffee or a dish of soup
once or twice a day, that being all she
could afford.
Several days ago she was taken ill. Her
physician said that she might have re
covered had she not starved herself, but
she was afflicted with kidney trouble and
her condition was such that nothing could
be done for her. All that her neighbors
knew of her poverty was that she once
borrowed enough money to purchase a hot
water bag. Her brother in the East
wrote to a friend here inquiring about her
circumstances and offering- help, but she
refused It, saying she was not in need.
SECOND TRIAL OF NORTON
ENDS IN AN ACQTJITTAI.
Man Who Killed Santa Fe Switch
man McSherry at Needles
Goe# Free.
SAX BERNARDINO, Dec. 20.— W. D.
Norton, who has been on trial here for
the past four days for the killing of J. D.
McSherry, a Santa Fe switchman, at the
Needles last spring, was to-day acquit
ted of the charge of murder by a jury
which had been out twenty-one hour3.
Norton was tried two months ago for tho
same crime and the jury after having out
forty hours stood eleven for convietioa to
one for acquittal.
The accused man admitted having
killed McSherry, with whom he had been
quarreling, but claimed he did it in self
defense. He has maintained an air of
mystery ever since his arrest, saying that
he had assumed the name of Norton to
hide his real identity.
Colonist Rates Are Scheduled.
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— At a meeting of the
general passenger agents of the roads
west from Chicago in Chicago to-day
colonist rates for the rest of the winter
were agreed to. They will be $33 from
Chicago to California, one way, and $30
to Montana points. Tickets wjll be sold
on certain dates. *
CHRISTMAS JOY
FOR THE NEEDY
"Donation Day" Cheers
the Poor of Grass
Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 20.— With 750
school children In line, headed by the
Mayor and a brass band, "donation day'.'
was ushered in here this morning. The
day is locally famous, having come into
being in 1893. Its purpose is to assist
needy families to celebrate Christmas in
true Christmas fashion.
At 10 o'clock this morning a long line
formed on lower Mason street, pupils from
every school in the city, in charge of their
teachers, falling in when the military
band led off. City Marshal Deedle led
the band, carrying a sack of flour on h!a
shoulder. Ex-Fire Chief Conaway and
John Hicks followed, each bearing a do
nation. Mayor Clinch came after the
band and behind him stretched hundreds
of laughing and shouting school children,
each bearing: a gift of some sort to add
to the Christmas fund.
The procession marched up Main and
down Mill street and brought up at the
Columbus High School, where donations
of every sort were deposited. Wagon
loads of wood, flour and potatoes were
deposited in the schoolyard. Mayor Clinch
and Principal James Hennessey delivered
brief addresses.
All day ladies of the Relief Society were
busy obtaining donations and preparing
them for delivery to needy families. Cash
to the amount of $330 60 has been sub
scribed toward a fund to supply Christ
mas cheer to the indigent. This custom
is observed here every year on Decem
ber 20.
Sleigh Stages From Dawson.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 20.— The
steamer Amur which arrived to-day from
Skagway brought the news that the win
ter trail from White Horse to Dawson 13
now in excellent condition and that travl
Is in full swing. The first sleigh stage
from Dawson to reach White Horse ar
rived at that place on Saturday afternoon
last. The trip out was made In fast time,
only ten days being occupied on the jour
ney. The ice extends all the way from
White HorBe to Dawson.
Christmas Cards and Calendars.
"California Popov," "California Wild
Flower," "Indian,^ "Chinese," "Japan
ese" and "Pipe Rack" Calendars and a
beautiful line of artistic Christmas Cards
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'a, 741 Market st. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO (JALL; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
FLAMES ENDS
STUDENT'S LIFE
California Girl Is Burned
to Death at Bryn
Mawr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 2O.-Miss Lillian
Vickers of Los Angeles, Cal., whose fath
er is wealthy and the owner of a large
cattle ranch, met a terrible death at Bryn
Mawr College, where she had been a stu
dent for three years. Her clothing caught
fire in the morning In her room after she
awoke and she died four hours after her
suffering began.
Just how the accident occurred no one
can tell, and the young woman was con
scious so short a time that she could give
no explanation. It was 8:30 o'clock and
some girl students were in their apart
ments dressing, when one or two neigh
bors of Miss Vickers in the dormitory
heard a gToan and a half smothered cry
for help from the bathroom opposite tho
young Californian's room. Hurrying there,
they opened the door and then sprang
back with screams as Miss Vickers, her
nightdress ablaze, staggered forward- and
fell to the floor unconscious.
For a moment the young women hesi
tated, but then called for the college fire
brigade and began to beat into the flames
that enveloped the body of their friend.
They wrapped a rug around the suffer
ing woman and covered her with what
ever articles of woolen clothing they could
find.
The flames were soon extinguished and
the sufferer was carried to. her room,
where, despite the efforts of physlcian3,
she soon died. The young woman was
conscious but a brief interval after the
accident. Then she asked: "Was any one
else burned? Was the college harmed?"
One theory as to the cause of the acci
dent is that upon entering the bathroom
and finding it dark. Miss Vickers lighted
the gas, and as she did so the sleeve of
her nightdress touched the Jet. Another
suggestion is that she struck a match and
part of the burning head fell upon her
nightdress.
The young woman spent yesterday with
her aunt, Mrs. Sarah L. Oberholzer of
1905 Tioga street, buying Christmas pres
ents in. Philadelphia and was in the best
of spirits when she returned to the col
lege at night. She was 25 years old and
would have graduated in 1903. Her father,
John Vickers, 13 the owner of Vickers Isl
and, California.
LOS ANGELES, Dec.' 20.— Miss Lillian
Vickers, who was to-day burned to death
at Bryn Mawr College, Philadelphia, was
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. V. Vick
ers of Los Angeles and one of five daugh
ters who are prominent among the young
society people of this city. The ; young
woman had been at Bryn Mawr for the
past three years.
GREAT COPPER
BEDS IN SIGHT
Peruvian Outlook May
Explain Market's De
moralization.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 20.— Mr. Riblet,
mining englneer^and constructor of aerial
tramways, who has returned from the
Sierra del Pasco mines, in Peru, brings
a story which may account for the de
moralization of the copper market. He
says that in twelve months the Sierra del
Pasco mines of Peru, owned by the
'Rothschilds and other English capitalists,
will be able to add thousands of tons of
copper per annum to the world's produc
tion. ■ The supply of ore is inexhaustible.
The company expects to be able to land
copper at* Valparaiso within twelve
months at 7 cents a pound, and as copper
is now selling at 13 cents the cheapness- of
the supply from the Peruvian mines will
make their output no Inconsiderable fac
tor in the market.
Riblet went to Peru five months ago,
and a.t the Sierra del Pasco mines, 180
miles inward from Chimboto, he built a
tramway and a railroad 120 miles In
length to Ciudad. Formerly 15,000 llamas
were used to pack the ore from the mines
to Ciudad for shipment on the railroad,
the pack trains traveling over arduous
trails.
RIblet says .the Sierra del Pasco mines,
which have been worked as a silver prop
osition for more than 400 years, contain
the largest body of high grade copper ore
in the world. The Spanish owners pre
viously working the property were unable
to treat the copper and left it untouched
since the time the mines were first opened.
As a consequence the company will have
at least a five years' ore supply ready for
reduction. The Sierra del. Pasco mines
are 8000 feet above the sea and are lo
cated on an immense ledge, which runs
through them for more than 1000 feet.
Used a Smith Typewriter.
On Thursday evening at a public type
writing contest, held at Golden Gate Hall
under the auspices of the California Busi
ness College, the first prize was won by
Miss Gertrude Seldner. She operated the
Smith Premier Typewriter with blank
keyboard. , . . •
WATSONVILLE. Dec. 20.— The fiftieth an
niversary of the settlement of Pajaro Valley
by Americans was celebrated here by pioneers
and their families this evening. . Interesting
reminiscences of early days were the order.
REGINALD G. VANDERBILT REACHES HIS MAJORITY
AND RECEIVES THE REMAINDER OF BIG FORTUNE
Youngest Son of the Late Multi-Millionaire Is Still a College Student,
but He Now Has $12,500,000 to His Credit.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — Reginald G. Vanderbilt, youngest son of the late Cornelius
Vanderbilt, celebrated today his twenty-first birthday, and received, under the pro
visions of his father's will, his fullinheritance of $7,500,000 as a birthday gift. Young
Vanderbilt, who is now a Yale senior, came down from New Haven to-day for the pur
pose of taking 4egal possession of his fortune. That formality performed, he returned to
New Haven to preside at a birthday dinner to which he had invited a number of his college
friends. As Vanderbilt was one of the beneficiaries of the $20,000,000 trust fund created by
his father for the benefit' of his children, his total fortune may now be estimated at
$12, 500,000.x
PEACEMAKERS
ARE NOW BUSY
Argentina and Chile May
Be Able to Avert a ■,
Great War!
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CALL BURHiAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— Official ad
vices received here show that an amica
ble settlement of the dispute between
Argentina and Chile is pending. Minister
Merou, representing Argentina, is confi
dent that as a result of the recent ex
change of notes by the two countries war
has been averted for the present at least.
Well informed diplomats are, however,
of the opinion that war is simply a mat
ter of time, as they say the great ques
tion between the two countries is not
where the boundary line shall be, but
which shall be the predominant power of
South America.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 20.— In order to
commemorate the formation of the
League of Patriots here thousands oi
young men paraded the streets last even
ing cneerlng for Argentina, the Argentina
army, President Hoca and ex-President
ivlltre now president of the commission
to settle the frontier dispute witn Chile.
The crowas of manlfesiants, estimated
to havo numbered as many as 80,000 per
sons, stopped and cheered before the of
tices of tne various newspapers, where
nery addresses were made. The crowds
then marched in the direction of Presi
dent Koca's residence, before which the
national hymn was sung. The President
responded with an energetic speech,
which was enthusiastically applauded.
Then for about an hour the crowds en
gaged in the patriotic demonstration,
marched past? the President's residence,
shouting, "No more diplomatic notes!"
"Let us have war sooner than that!"
There were also some cries of "Death to
the Chileans!"
The Nacion, referring to the interna
tional complications, says that Uruguay
Is much concerned in view of the possi
bility of a conflict between Argentina and
Chile about her neutrality. Brazil Is also
said to be considering the same subject.
In this connection it is reported that
Brazil contemplates appropriating £5,U00,
000 to £10,000,000 sterling for the purchase
of new warships; showing, it is said, that
Brazil, which up to the present has suc
ceeded in confining herself to a state of
armed peace, is finally getting mixed up
in the diplomatic, complications and is
feeling herself compelled to guard against
the threatened trouble, between Soqth
American countries. Peru and Bolivia
are also strengthening their armaments
and Incidentally are ruining themselves
by so doing:.
President Roca and Senor Trigoyen,
the Governor of the province of Buenos
Ayres, have had a long conference rela
tive to the Chilean situation. President
Roca will start on a tour of inspection
of the military districts of the Argentina
republic in January and will review all
the troops which will by that time have
been mobilized. »
To Protect American Miners.
COLON, Dec. 20, via Galveston.— The
United States gunboat Marietta received
unexpected orders to-day to proceed to
Nombre de Dios, doubtless to protect the
property of the Manganese Mining Com
pany, an American concern. She has al
ready sailed. The Colombian gunboat
General Pinzon will sail for Savanilla via
the coast towns this afternoon. She will
take a few troops to Nombre de. Dlos.
FACULTY EXPELS
TEAM MANAGER
Sequel to Troubles of a
College Football
Eleven. )
Special DisDatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 20.— Frank E. Bright
man, late football manager at the. State
University, was this afternoon expelled
from college. It was known some time
ago by those students who keep in close
touch with the professors that such action
would be taken, but to the greater part
of the student body his expulsion came as
a surprise.
In his intense desire to make a success
of athletics, Brightman, it is said, neglect
ed his studies. During the summer and
fall Just past Brightman made every effort
to turn out a successful football team: It
was through his efforts that Wright was
brought from New York to manage the
team. He was lavish in his furnishings
of the team. Believing that the college
would support him, he entered into a pol
icy of importing star players to help the
eleven.
The imported men proved to be worth
less, the team went J2tiOO Into debt and tho
students turned upon Brightman, as he
was the only one on whom they could
vent their disappointment. He was first
suspended as manager of athletics by the
executive committee of the students and
a. substitute was appointed. Various
charges of incompetency. and a desire
to professionalize the team were made.
Finally the faculty used its authority to
expell him from the university.
Thus deprived of all privileges at the
State University Brigrhtman will be given
no credit for the work already done and
probably will be denied admission to other
colleges. The action of the faculty wad
taken- in the face of the fact that many
of the students believe that the unfortu
nate young man had been acting for what
he thought was" the best interests of the
college. It Is also claimed that the fac
ulty turned on Brightman after the foot
ball disaster, but not before.
Great reduction In price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Conn's. 1718 Market, phone South
084. Straight whiskies, S2, $2 50, ?3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c. $1, 91 25 sal. Purity guaranteed. •
BAKERS#IELD, Doc. 20. — Southern Pacific
authorities in Kern City are much disturbed
over many recent burglaries ot box cars which
are sidetracked from through trains in Kern
City. But one arrest has been made, that of
Thomas Morgan, who has been ecntenced to
the County Jail for sixty days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOILERS HURL
MEN TO DEATH
Terrific Explosion Causes
Loss of Life in
Pittsburg.
| PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 20.— Three men
were killed and twelve injured by a ter
rific boiler explosion at the Black Dia
mond • Steel Works of Park Brothers on
Thirtieth street to-day and another man
is missing. The dead are:
JOHN WKLVIK, aged 32 years.
PATRICK O'CONNOR, aged 28 years.
An unknown man.
The missing man is John Wiltz and he
is probably among the killed. The ten
men injured, at the hospitals, are doing
well. Keuben Miller Jr., superintendent
of the plant, states that the boilers were
examined last week and pronounced In,
excellent condition. No known cause caa
be given for the explosion, but. an inves
tigation is now in progress.
It was about 4 :lo o'clock, as the night
crew was about to turn over the mill to
tho day force, that four boilers in the
ten-inch bar mill No. 3 exploded with
terrific force. The mill was wrecked and
the debris is piled from fifty to seventy
five feet high. The boiler works of
James McNeil, adjoining the Black Dia
mond mill, were also destroyed.
From what can be learned the four
boilers exploded at one time, reducing the
mill to a heap of charred timbers and
twisted iron. There is not a straight
piece of iron or steel left in the entire
building. Even the bolts In the beams
and stringers are twisted like screw nails.
One of the boilers went through the
roof of the bar mill, soared through the
air across Thirtieth street and crashed
Into the residence of Robert Price at 8
Tnirtieth street, completely wrecking the
house. Price and his family rushed to
the street in their night clothes.
WASHINGTON RANCHER'S
TWO DAUGHTERS ELOPE
Runaway-Marriage Idea Contagious
in the Family of William
i Reavis.
TACOMA, Dec. 20.— The eloping spirit
seems to run in the family of William
Reavis, a prosperous 'farmer of Prescott.
He has two pretty daughters— Cora, aged
19, and Alta, aged 16 years. Several weeks
ago Alta surprised/every one who knew
her as a quiet school girl by eloping to
Seattle with her second cousin,* Clifford
Reavis. They were married, returned
home and received parental forgiveness.
Cora was married last Monday against
her father's wishes. She had accom
panied him to Walla Walla, whither ho.
went to attend a celebration of the Wood
men of the World. While he was attend
ing the sessions of that order Cora slipped
away and married John Wiley, aged, 21;
who hfid come on the same train from
Prescott. Fearing that the young couple
might try to get married, papa Reavis had
telephoned to several Walla Walla clergy
men not to perform the ceremony. Wiley
nevertheless succeeded In getting a li
cense and married Cora late in the after
noon in the parsonage of the Cumberland
Presbyterian Church.
" BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 20.— The cold weather
of the past few days ha^ seriously interfered
with work In the oil fields, particularly in the
Sunset district. The pipes there have frozen
and cracked, and the weather has been so
severe that night work has been suspended.
In the Kern fields the oil men have" been un
able to pipe oil to the loading tanks during
the coldest hours of the night.
STABBING AFFRAY
ENDS CARD GAME
Man Charged With Bad
Playing Wields a
Knife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Dec. 20.— Samuel Monahan, a
horse doctor, to-night stabbed Robert
Tuggle four times in the left leg with a
pocket knife. . One dangerous wound was
inflicted in the left groin. The men hid
been engaged in a game of cards for the
drinks and Tuggle twitted Monahan
about a bad play he had made. This
angered Monahan and he called Tuggle
a r.ar. This the latter resented by knock
ing down the horse doctor.
While on the floor Monahan drew a
knife which was open in his pocket and
Blashed Tuggle four times. He then ran
out of the saloon and was later captured
by Constable Hedges while trying to get
his horse out of a stable.
Tuggle was takeiv to Dr. Byars' office,
where his wounds were dressed. They are
dangerous but not necessarily fatal.
Stanford Campus Deserted.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 20.—
Instruction In the various departments of
the university ended for the first semester
at noon to-day and the campus to-night
is nearly deserted, most of the students
availing themselves of the opportunity of
startingXhome at once. The holiday va
cation will cover a, period of eighteen
days, instruction in the' university for the
second semester commencing on January
8. Entrance examinations for new stu
dents will be held on the 3d, 4th and 6tb
of January and registration of students
will thke place on the 6th and 7th. ■
Blast Ends a Miner's" Life.
NIEHART, Mont., Dec. 20.— Jacob
Jacobson, a miner of this city, was in
stantly Wiled this evening by an explosion
of blasting powder. He had worked all
day putting in six shots. He was being
hauled up in a bucket when the rope
broke and he fell 400 feet to meet the ex
plosion. ' ' ..- '
Toilet Sets and Albums
In . satin lined leather x and celluloid
cases. Not much cheap stuff, but great
quantities of good things at moderate
prices. We cordially invite visitors to in
spect_this department. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., til Market st. '• r '.' ♦
MARCONI SEEKS
NEW STATIONS
Wireless Telegraphy In
ventor Planning Ex
periments.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Dec. 20.— Marconi
wired yesterday to Professor Alexander
Graham Bell, accepting provisionally the
offer of his Cape Breton estate as a site
for further wireless experiments.
- Marconi announced to-night that ac
cording to his present plans he will sail
for England next Monday on the steamer
Sardinian. His company in London wants
him to assist In the negotiations with the
Anglo-American Telegraph Company. The
inventor has packed his wireles3 appar
atus and will take with him the portion
which cannot be used here. The remain
der he will leave here In readiness for his
return in a month or two.
The inventor spent this afternoon in
looking for sites suitable for the establish
ment of stations. The situation at Cape
Spear is the best he has yet seen. He will
abandon the station on Signal Hill, It be
ing too high to give good results. Mar
coni said that he would select a site on
the French shore, but he is unwilling to
irritate the imperial Government. He has
expressed his readiness to install his wire
less system between St. Pierre and France
if the French Government desires It in the
way of a commercial enterprise.
To-day Marconi denied the statement
published in the press of St. Johns and
wired from the United States to the ef
fect that M^ss Holman, his fiancee, had
received a cablegram from him urging a
speedy marriage. Marconi will go to New
York to be married in January.
PERRY WEST IN JAIL
ON BIGAMY CHARGE
Emulates His Father, Who in His
Time Has Led Ten Women to
the Marriage Altar.
TACOMA, Dec. 20.— With one wife di
vorced, another managing a restauraint In
Ellensburg- and a third suing him. for
bigamy, Perry -West is In" serious trouble.
While facing the charge against him lie
remains in jail In Walla Walla, Deputy
Sheriff Painter arrested him in Ellens
burg yesterday. The complaint Is made
by Alice, wife No. 2, who married West
in Sheridan, Wyo., five years ago. Before
that time West had married and been di
vorced. Wife No. 3 was a Umatffia
County miss, Jenny Kelly by name.
Perry West is a son of Peter West, a
Justice of the Peace of Umatllla County,
residing in Pendleton. He has some of
his father's characteristics. Peter West
married ten times and the stories of some
of his courtships made interesting read
ing in times past, while his history has
been given to the public in joblots for a
score or more of years. Peter West
never got into court, as his son has done,
although some of his escapades were in
teresting and exciting. Now an old man,
he has evidently retired in favor of his
son Perry, who is rounding out the
record.
West will be tried before Justice Glass
ford. The second Mrs. West has arrived
in Walla Walla to prosecute the case.
FRESNO, Dec. 20. — The proposition to^ bond
the city for $235,000 for a municipal electric
light and power plant was defeated to-day.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
RING "WORM AND DANDRUFF.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestifer-
ous Germ.
Ring worm and dandruff are somewhat
similar in their origin; each is caused by
a parasite. The germ that causes jt dan-
druff digs to" the root of the hair, and
saps its vitality, causing falling hair^tnd,
finally, baldness. Without dandruff there
wculd never be baldness, and to cure dan-
druff it is necessary to kill tlfe.germ.
There has been no hair preparation that
would do this until the discovery of New-
bro's Herpicide, which positively kills the
dandruff germ, allays itching instantly
and makes hair glossy and soft as silk. At
all druggists. Take no substitute. There
Is nothing "Just as good."
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND THIS ETONING.
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIP VANJflNKLE.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
(Christmas Greetings),
Chas.- II. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matinees Christmas Day and Saturday.
V^ SEATS READY.
' _<****%■_■— iiujMLii m irnran— ■iwir'nm L iiWfc_
CENTRAL PARK,
. Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
EVERY THURSDAY, SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAY.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND COc.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN: G. • S. Wanrell-
Mullaly Sisters; Paloma Quartette: Stanley
and Walton: Demlns and Carroll; Ivan Tre-
poka. find Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats,
2Ka. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. Dec. M.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
FAREWELL TO THESE STARS:
11t. and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Deaves' Merry.
JffaTHTrtns, Rose and Jeannette,
Norwood Brothers, Sherrie Hat-
thews, Norma Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart, Flo Irwhx
and Walter Hawley, Dmaond's
Parisian Minstrels, Tne Biograpn.
Beginning SUNDAY MATINEE— THE GREAT
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
' $Decial Matinee Thursday. Dec <28. -
j : ■
Belasco & Than, Manager*. v .
A WINNER— LAST TWO NIGHTS,
Tho Sparkling Farce-Comedy,
"THE GAY MR.
LIGHTFOOT."
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-SOBEOW
NEXT— Christmas "Week, Don't Do Anything
Till You See
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
NEW YEAR DAYS at 2 Sharp?
"A GORGEOUS HOLIDAY SHOW/*
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza, .»:
Little Red
Riding Hood
"It's Funny— It's Smart— It's Pretty."
POPULAR PRICES— 23c, 60c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
. MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and Sunday — Last Time*. ■
JEFFERSON J)E ANfiaiS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A ROYAL^ROGUE.
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS FOR
MARY MANNERING
IN
JANICE MEREDITH.
Openlnsr Performance NEXT MONDAY.
Prices— $1 60. $1. 75o, 60c. 25c.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OB"
"QifLOMAOY."
Christmas Week. Beginning MONT>AY
EVENING NEXT,
SPECIAL HOUDAI MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Magnificent Scenlo Production of
Beautifully Stag-ed — Elegantly Costumed.
Introducing Several Clever Specialties.
Incidental Music From Score ot Opera. -
POPULAR PRICES — 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, alfc Matinees, 25o
BJEJb&SCO *"BT*fJ£l£S rffjfljgi.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
To-night and Sunday Ev*s— Last Time*.
The Funniest Fare© on. Earth.
MULDOON'S
PICNIC.
Songs. Medleys, Dances, Eccentric Acts and
AH Kinds of "Wholesome Amusement.
nnrpce Evenings 10c to 60o
rniVEj Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT MONDAY — Sumptuous Production at
'THE SILVER KING."
CHUTES^ ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT! i
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK !
COMMENCING TO-MORROW.
DEAVES' MEBRY MANIKINS.
DIRECT FROM THE ORPHEUM.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
l!!^, RACING
•""ggjj^GB*" ***i"*^» Every 'Week Day—
far Rain oi* Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on triln reserved tor
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-,
teenth and Broadway. Oakland/ These electrfo
cars «ro direct to tha track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 1:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
BASEBALL,
SAN FRANCISCO
vs.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STABS.
TO-DA Y AT 2:43.
S UN DA Y AT 2i3O.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the oth«r re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, bank.3 and tha-
eters. Street cars to all parts a*
\ the city — depots, ferries and parka—
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
78
COPVUIOHT fSC9 SI THI PKOCTf R * cavcle CO. ONCIMNATI •
INSURED.
•w TpU insure your house against fire. You know
J$gfo< what [people v/ould say if it burned down
without insurance. They would say you
I I were wanting in business sagacity, that you
should have provided for this. Now leave house insur-
ance and consider clothing insurance. Here the danger"
is even greater — not from fire, but from the chemicals
and strong soaps used in the laundry. Wise women
insure their finer, more delicate and perishable things
against this risk, and the premium they pay is the
trifling cost of Ivory Soap* That guarantees protection.
IVORY SOAP— IT FLOATS.
li ■_ up mjt ii— — m^—i—i in—— — — i^iw^«^i,nir'
MRS. WALTER E. DEAN'S LUNCHEON
PROVES A DELIGHTFUL AFFAIR
Conservatory at the Palace Is Beautifully Decorated and
Arranged to Represent a Winter Scene.
Mrs. 'Walter E. Dean's luncheon yester
day at the Palace was a delightful affair.
The conservatory, where the luncheon
was served, was decorated to represent a
winter scene, many greens being used in
a most ingenious manner. The white
table, where the twenty-two debutantes
were seated, was especially wintry. The
center piece was a tall tree, quite desti
tute of foliage, with snow and ice effects
over it. At each plate was a favor in the
shape of a red poinsetna plant, the pot
of which was draped in scarlet silk of i!ie
same shade. The other table was done
in red, and had a large Christmas tiee
in the center. From the uppermost
branches of the tree were "streamers «:;"
red satin ribbon reaching down to eac'i
plate and hoWlng a card. The favors at
the red table were little pine trees. Many
red carnations and Cnristmas berr ; es
were used.
Mrs. Walter L. Dean, the hostess'
caughter-in-law, was present and assist
ed Mrs. \V. E. Dean, as did also Mrs.
Fred Tallant and Mrs. Grant Selfridge.
These were the only matrons invited, as
the luncheon was strictly a rosebud af
fair. . •
The guests were:
Mrs. F. \V. Tallant. Mrs. Grant SeWrld&e.
Mrs. Walter L.. Dean, iliss Elsie Sperry, Mjss
Emily Wilson, Miss Virginia Rodgere Kokes.
Miss Xadine Nuttall. Miss Oenevieve Carolan,
Miss Sara Collier. Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss
fciophia Fierce, Hiss Helen Dean. Miss Geor
gina Hopkins, Miss Lar.sdale of Xew York.
Miss Helen Smith, Miss Margaret Salisbury,
Mls>s Cora Smedberg, Mies Genevieve King.
Miss Edith Huntlngton. Miss Carrie Taylor.
Miss Edith McBean. Miss Ethyl Hager. Miss
Katherine Dillon. Miss Sallie Maynard.' Miss
Jennie Blair. Miss Lillian Spreckels. Miss Tiny
O'Connor, Miss Fanny Grant. Miss . Helen
"Wagner, Miss Bertha Smith. Miss Mabel Kane.
Mis* Lucy King. M:ss Bertie Bruce. Miss Ele
anor Morrow, Miss . Mabelle Toy. Miss Gladys
Merrill. Miss Clara Underbill. Miss Elizabeth
Mills. Miss Buckbee. Miss Emllie Carolan, Miss
Bertha Dolbeer. Miss Alice Hager and Miss
Linda Cadwalader. »
The largest function Iael evening was
the Christmas german of the Friday
Fortnightlys at Cotillon Hall. It was not
only the Christmas dance, but- the Army
and Navy Cotillon, -and the presence of
the officers added much to the brilliancy
of the ecene. Many of the most popular
debutantes were present. Smart gowns
were in evidence, many of which were
costly and beautiful. Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury Is to be congratulated upon the
never- waning popularity of the Fort
nightly affairs. : - .
Mrs. A. X. Towne. Mrs. E. R. Dimond
and Mrs. J. H. Hatch represented th|
California Woman's Hospital yesterday
at Goldberg. Bowen & Co.'s, 230 Suttei
street, and received the contributions for
their free ward. To-day is the last of th*.
Annual donation days, and it is hoped
many will remember this . worthy char
ity. Two ladies of the hospital board
will be at 230 Sutter street between 9 and
5 o'clock, and will receive with apprecia
tion donations of money, groceries, linen
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Cetvtemeri
daiixty sachets
will b<a honored iz\
over ISO Ator-oaUirv
tko :V Hitftd States
Sales' room72(>o post st *
W.M.SmitK A£+rck
• W^jjjf a^y iE^'*QgB
p i| pi b^ si hjj3 @ T eJp
£^"9 Jrj SS Hjfaa a»3 sBfS d h~x* Si
•a <x B ' K O II » non-polSOBOTW
t T_^f*iir$Rfr*_£\ r^ciedf for Gonorrhaa.
< n rl^ra Glott, Spermatorrbo-a,
JSSr CURES \$ Whltet, unnatural di»-
f3s£f In 1 to 5 dfcTi. i&5 charg<», or any infiamma-
f-'2?y Oa»rao»cil ta ** tion, irritation or ulcera-
t's*-. A PreTeat cott^ioa. tioaot is n c o o s Biem-
imy g_ r „ - branet. Kon-astriagent.
«S&c:>,GmTi,o.gS§ or scnt ln P , tia vnvvtTt
\Xj--^ c# s# *• je£2 br express, prepaid, for
*5^?* s *S«-»-f<Sy^i «••«». t 3 bottles. »2.75.
sP S Circular Bent on request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD rSE DAMIANA BITTBRS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives n?a.lth end
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
or any article that will contribute to re
lieve the needs of suffering women.
The Misses McMillan gave an informal
■tea yesterday afternoon at their home,
500 Thirteenth street, in honor of Miss
Laura Fairchild and her mother, of Los
Angeles. The first parlor was decorated
in pink and the second in green with a
little, red. For the dining-room red
Christmas berries were chosen. Al
though no formal invitations had been
sent there were two hundred guests dur
ing the afternoon. Those who assisted
in receiving were: Miss Maude Simpson.
Mrs. Eugene Freeman, the Misses Zeld
man, Miss Julia Mau, Miss Ella Morgan,
Mrs. Charles M. Plum and Miss Blanche
Powell. - -
• • •
Miss Rowena Burns gave an informal
luncheon yesterday to a few of her
friends at the Palace in honor of Miss
Gertrude Jacks of San Luis Obispo. A
larger affair will be given after the
holidays.
The Occidental Free Kindergarten held
its Christmas festival yesterday after
noon at Union Square Hall, 421 Post street.
The society includes one hundred children
kindergarteners, sixty members of the
children's club, thirty-five of the girls'
club and forty of the mothers' club. A
number of young ladies manage the so
ciety, and they are assisted by contribu
tions.'
A programme of sixteen numbers wjia
rendered by the children. The Christmas
tree, however, was the feature of the oc
casion. It was decorated in a most orig
inal and unique way with red apples.
Christmas berries and red banners with
medieval designs in gold. /The young la
dies' work was most artistic and theli
new ideas were a pleasant relief from the
sameness to which we are accustomed. in
Christmas trees.
The patrons of the kindergarten wera
especially thoughtful this year and re
membered the little ones handsomely. It
would be difficult to find a happier lot of.
faces than the ones at the festival. Those
ln charge of the affair were:
Mrs. M. Bullock, principal; Miss E. GlfTord
and- Miss Bryan, assistants; Miss Florence
Musto, president: Miss Rose Stelnhart, • treas
urer; Mre. M. D. Stein, corresponding secre
tary; Miss Jeanette Newman, recording secre
tary: Mrs. A.' L.. Stone and Mies Minnie How
ard, vice presidents, also the board qf directors.
The' Christmas closing exercises of Miss
West's school, 2014 Van Ness avenue, were
epecially interesting. The German ver
sion of "Cinderella" had been prepared,
and the young misses of the school ren
dered it exceptionally well. The cast was
as follows: - . • *
Cinderella, Isabel Beaver: stepmother, Cora
Otis; .stepsisters, . Cora ' Smith and Frederlka
Otis; master of ceremonies. Dora Winn; father,
Dorothy Baker; fairy, Marion Matthieu; prince,
Aubrey Tallant. - :
Recitations in French and English were
cleverly given by Augusta Fonte, Ethel
McAllister, Marion Wise juid Marion
Hodgens, also songs by all the^glrls of the
school. A gymnastic exhibition followed.
One hundred guests were present.
The usual Christmas dinner will be
given to the sick and disabled soldiers at
the Presidio. For this purpose the Red
Cross Society solicits gifts of oranges and
apples, which will be cheerfully called for
by advising Mrs. Willard B. Harrington,
2521 Steiner street.
IT. E. HUNTINGTON TO TVTAKT!
LOS ANGELES HIS HOME
On Arrival. Here He Will Place Hi3
"Jackson-Street Residence on
the Market.
H. E. Huntingdon, accompanied by his
daughter, Clara and his son Howard, will
arrive In San Francisco next Tuesday.
The object of the railroad and street car
magnate's .visit Is to join his wife at their
Jackson-street residence and partake of
their last -Christmas dinner In San Fran
cisco. . -• ; . ',' ..'"".:■■ -
It Is now known that Huntlngton will
sell his residence at 2S40 Jackson street
and make his future home ln Los Angeles,
where he can superintend more thorough
ly his new street car ventures.
With the selling of his Market Street
Railway stock to the Baltimore syndicate
and his recent sale of Pacific Improve
ment Company holdings to the Harriman
interests, Huntington has now no interests
in this city with the exception of his resi
dence. This handsome home will shortly
be placed on the market and Huntington
will in the future claim Los Angeles as his
legal residence. •,;.•»..
Christmas Town Talk.
The Christmas number of Town Talk Is
rich with features and stories appropriate
to the season. An odd and entertaining ad
mixture of serious thought and expression
in the lighter vein is the. editorial under
the head "Christmas Reflections." It car
ries the reader from the hideous scene of
the looting of- Peking, when missionaries
grathered rich "souvenirs" they will on
this Yuletlde give their brethren In keep
ing with the Christian'custom, to the rim
of the punch bowl, where • the merry
gather with thoughts of peace and good
will toward men. "The Saunterer" has
some good stories to tell in the Christmas
Town Talk, poets have contributed cred
itable verse and well-known writers have
ac'ded short stories of unusual Interest to
this altogether interesting . issue. ' .
HAMILTON. Bermuda. Dec. 20. — The Brit
ish transport Harlech Castle has arlved here
with 300 Boer prisoners, from Table Bay No
vember 24.
Send your Eastern friends a Christmas V.'a&p.
Cosmopolitan California ' Illustrated < profusely.
23 cents. • • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
BARK RODERICK DHU OF THE SUGAR
FLEET MAKES GOOD RUN FROM HILO
Beats Other Vessels That Are Out From Three Weeks to a Month From the
- Hawaiian Islands and Covers the Distance in Fourteen Days, -a Splen
did Performance Considering the Winds at This Season of the Year
TtfE MATSON CLIPPER RODERICK DHU SIGNALING ' THE FRENCH BARK GENEVIEVE MOLINOS AND THE
AMERICAN BARK S. C. ALLEN OFF HUMBOLDT. THE DHU CAME ON DOWN THE COAST, BUT THE
OTHERS STOOD OUT TO SEA. ..
p-rj-C HE American bark Roderick Dhu
1 arrived from the Hawaiian Islands
I yesterday, making the best run of
1L the season — fourteen days. When
700 miles off port Coptain John
son thought he was going to break a rec
ord, but contrary winds took possession
and he had to beat his way to 40 degress
north. There he met the French bark
Genevive Molinos and the American bark
S. C. Allen. The captain of the Allen sig
naled "all well," while the Molinos asked
what the prevailing winds, on the coast
were and what were the chances for fln'2
weather. Captain Johnson signaled back
that the prevailing winds at this time of
the year are. southeast, but as to the
weather no man could make a guess.
The Roderick Dhu was at that time off
Humboldt ana the captain and crew had
all they wanted of wearing ship to meet
every change of the wind. Captain John
son worked his way down the coast, while
the Molinos and Allen stood off shore and
are now probably working their way back
to San Francisco.
"For five days after leaving Hilo," said
Captain Johnson yesterday, "we made
record breaking runs. The ship was in
good trim and every stitch of canvas
drew. For five days we averaged over
300 knots a day and I thought. we would
make port in steamboat time and break
the record. Then came the change. ; I
had to beat north in hopes of getting a
northwest breeze and^ then had to beat
back again. We're home for Christmas,
anyhow, and that's more than any of us
expected."
The Genevive Molinos, spoken by the
Roderick Dhu, is now out 123 days from
Havre in ballast. She will load wheat
here for Europe. ' The S. C. Allen is 25
days out from Honolulu and has a num
ber of passengers. The remainder of the
sugar, fleet which the Roderick Dhu beat
into port were the St. Katherine, now ou;
19 days from Hilo; Santiago and Mohican,
each 20 days out from Honolulu; Mauna
Ala, 19 days, and William H. Marston, IS
days from Honolulu, and Emily F. "Whit
ney. 23 days from Kahului.
A number of passengers who had book
ed to come home on the Dhu changed
their minds when they found the St.
Katherine was sailing five days earlier,
so they transferred their tickets in order
to be home before Christmas. The St.
Katherine is still to be heard from, while'
the Dhu is"' at a,nch*or in the bay and her
passengers ashore.
WORKING ON THE WRECK.
Workmen Started Yesterday to Raise
the Steamer San Rafael.
Preparations were made yesterday for
the raising of the San Rafael. A gang, of
men with the necessary material went out
to the scene, a diver went along and every
effort will be made to* salve the ship. As
the San Rafael now lies she can be han
dled. She rests easily in about thirty
fathoms of water and with ropes placed
around the hull two powerful tugs will
haul her into shallow water where the
divers can work. Then the machinery
may be removed and the hull abandoned
or the whole fabric may be raised, as the
directors elect.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Tribble is no longer ln charge
of the Sausalito, nor is Captain McKenzie
on the James M. Donohue. The pilots
of both vessels will run them till the first
of the year, when it is presumed the old
captains will resume control.
Chris Guerrerd accidentally asphyxiated
himself ln a water front hotel yesterday
morning. He was "attended at the Har
bor Hospital and his life saved. ?
The Narcissus, now, out 191 days from
Genoa for San Francisco, is quoted at 15
per cent; the Robert Duncan, 81 days out
from Welhaiwei for Puget Sound,, at 50
per cent, and the Augha, 164 days from
Newcastle, N. S. W., for Panama, at 90
per, cent. ■
NEWS OP TH K OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. '
The Dutch bark Pax is chartered : prior to
arrival for -wheat at Portland for Europe, 35s;
option of wheat and, flour, 36s 3d.
The Austrian steamer Marianne will load
wheat at Tacoma for St., Vincent, for orders,
34s 3d; if two ports, 35s 3d; chartered prior
to arrival. ■
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Anglesey was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 42,744
ctls wheat, valued at $44,800, and 12,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, , valued at $180. . ■ ,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance ' to. San
Francisco Bay. Published i by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur Rt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Sun rises .7:21
Sun sets .......4:61
Moon seta ..2:40 a. m.
O. Time Time Time ITlme
S. Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
• L W H W L W| ■ |H W
21 0:44 2.1 7:15 6.0 2:14— 0.1 »:07 "Tl
22 1:40 2.4 8:02 6.3 3:07—0.7 10:10 4.5
23 2:36 2.6 8:60 6.6 4:00—1.111:02 4.7
24 13:28] 2.7J 9:40| 6.7] '4:46 —1.4 11:60 4.9
25 f.4:19f 2.7(10:351 6.71 5:32( — 1.4f I.
H W L Wl HW ' L W
26 0:41 i 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 6.5 6:18— 1.3
27- 1:28 5.1 6:06 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03— 1.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of - the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
ciay. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, , except when a minus t — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of.
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 20, 1001.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bv.llding was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant U. S. Navy. In Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
■ • Steamer. _ _ From. Due.
Progreso Seattle Dec. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 21
W. Kruger. . . San Pedro Dec. 21
Pomona ■. Humboldt Dec. 21
Chas. Nelson . Seattle Dec. 21
Sequoia Grays Harbor Dec. 22
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Dec. 22
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. -^i
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 22
Asuncion Tacoma Dec. 23
Hyades Seattle Dec. 23
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 2S
Eureka Humboldt \ Dec. 23
City of Puebl Pujcet Sound Ports Dec. SA
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 24
Iaqua Humboldt Dec. 24
Ahiance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 25
6-tntaAna... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 25
Reinier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
R. Dollar San Pedro Dec. 20
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 'M
•3. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 2«
BantaRoua.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. "C>
Corona.-. • Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 2i>
Point Arena.. Point Arena Dec. 26
Australia Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Dec 2T
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 27
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro Dec. 2S
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot Hamburg & Way Port3. Dec. 28
y TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 21. ■'
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport & "Way.... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
December 22.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 5}
December 23.
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .... 3 pm Pior 2
Pomona Humboldt . : 1:30 p Pier 6
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via' Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 in Pier 10
1 . December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
. December 25.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 26.,
Sequoia Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 27.
Alliance Portland & Way Pts Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 28.
Despatch... Seattle & Falrhavcn|. ..... Pier 16
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 29.
Santa Ana.. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt v | 9 am Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
■ Steamer. "- For. . Sails.
City of Topek Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Dlriiro Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 22
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 2fl
City8eattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Shipping Intelligence.
, ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 19.
Schr Alice, Gray, 12 day's from Tacomal
Friday, December 20.
Stmr Navarro. Olsen/ 8 ! hours from ! Rules
Landing.
Stmr Rival, Olsen, 68 hours from South
Bend. ,
i* Stmr Noyfr. Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg; put in to finish loading.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 6 hours from Pig
eon Point.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 53 hours from Coos
Bay, etc. \
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, 19 days from
IiilO.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 14 days from
Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper, 24 hours
from Flshermans Bay.
Schr S Danielso'n, Larsen, 5 days from Slus
law River. ■ ■ ■
. Schr J B Leeds, Landnree, 48 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Friday, December 20.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr - Corona. ■ Gielow, San r*edro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
• Nor stmr Tellua, Federsen, Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br ship Anglesey, Thomson, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, December 20.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle. , •
Stmr Eureka, .lessen. Eureka. '. ■-' ' "
Stmr John S Kimball, Timing:. Seattle and
Tacoma.
> Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
■ Stmr' Scotia,' Walvlgr, Bowens Landing.
■ Stmr. South Coast, Olsen, Albion River.
: Stmr* Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. •
■ Stmr Noyo, . Johnson, San Pedro. ■
U S stmr Philadelphia, ;Meade, Panama.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, Ladysmlth.
Schr Advent, Olsen, Columbia River.'
Schr Parkersburg, Ellingsen, Coquille River.
. Schr Gen Banning, Bennewitz, Mazatlan. '
Schr Vega. Era tt. Eureka. '**
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen, Grays ifarbor.
Schr Gem, Fergeson, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per bark Roderick Dhu— Dec 17/ lat 40 31
N. Ion 128 64 "W. Fr bark Genevieve Mollnoa,
from Havre, for £an Francisco. Same day,
bark S C Allen, from Honolulu, for San Fran-
CiSGO. >• . - - - •
. MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Dec 30— Ger bark Alsterschwan.
from Hamburg, for Honolulu, Is ashore ln
River Elbe. Assistance Is with her.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 20, 10 v m — Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 20— Schr Una.
from San Dleso.
Sailed Dec 20— Schr Eliza Miller, for San
Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Dec 20— Stmr Gualala. for
San Francisco. .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 20— Stmr Na
tional City. • for San Francisco. -
AVESTPORT — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Alca
traz, hence Dec 19.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr
Luella, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 20— Br stmr Oceano.
from Mororan.
Sailed Dec 20 — Br ship Boadlcea, for United
Kingdom. ■ Dec 19 — Nor stmr ' Guernsey, for
Japan.
Sailed Dec 20— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Walla Walla, from
San Francisco.
NEAH BAT — Passed out Dec 20 — Ship
Eclipse, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed inward — Schr Admiral, from Guaya
quil, for Port Townaend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 20— Schr, Azalea,
from Eureka: stmr Coquille River, from Fort
Brajrgr.
Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr W H Kruirer. for San
Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Iaqua.
hence Dec 19; stmr Aberdeen, hence Dec 19.
Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; schr Fortuna, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 19. and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Chico. for
San Francisco. Dec 19 — Stmr San Pedro, for
Grays Harbor.
Arrived Dec 20— Bark La Rochefoucauld,
from Havre.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 20— Aus
stmr Marianne, from Mojl.
TACOMA — Chartered to load Dec 19 — Br ship
Scottish Lochs, Ger ship Alster, Br ship Boa
dicea, Ital stmr Luitrl Clampl, Br bark Iver
na. Br ship Milverton, Br bark Elginshire, Br
stmr Falls of Keltic, Br stmr Salfordla, Br
bark ■ Pinmore. ship Kenilworth, for United
Kingdom.
Arrived' Dec 20 — Br stmr Selkirk, from
Ladysmlth, B C.
Sailed Dec 20 — Br stmr Oceano, for Manila;
Ital stmr Luiei Ciampi. for St. Vincent; Am
bktn Katie Flicklnger, for San Francisco; Am
stmr Asuncion, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND, Or — Chartered Dec 19 — Fr ship
Eugene Fautrel, Br ship Torridon, Nor bark
Olivia, Br ship Riverside, Ger ship Susanna,
Br shlo Fulwood, Ger bark Schiller. Fr ship
Asie, Fr bark Jean Bart, Br ship Falkland
bank, Br shin Ilala.
Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Argyll, from Shang
hai, via Comox; stmr Alliance, from San Fran
cisco. >^ '
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 20— Ship Wm
H Macy, for Alsroa Bay; schr Maria E Smith,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MORORAN — Arrived Dec 19 — Br stmr Cru
sader, from Oregon. * /
COLON— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Finance,
from New York. '
Palled Dec 17 — Stmr Allianca, for New York.
' YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 17 — Br stmr Em
press of China. 'from Vancouver.
Sailed Dec 16 — Ger shin Relnbek, for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Dec 19— Br a-hlp Dum
friesshire, for Barry.
FLUSHING — Sailed Dec 15— Br ship Ky
nance, for San Franciaco.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 19 — Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
■ MANILA— Sailed Dec 19— Br ship Ellen A
Reed, .for Puget Sound.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Dec
20— Ger stmr Herodot, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 18— Br ship West
Lothian, for Port .Townaend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Rhyn
dam, for New. York. '. /
HAVRE— Arrived • Dec 20-^Stmr I/Aqui
taine, from New York.
BOSTON — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Ivernla.
from Llveri>ool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver, , for Hong
kong.
MORORAN— Arrived Deo I lO^Stmr Cru
sader, from Portland, Or, for Manila.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse. from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 1&— Stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
BARBADOES — Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Monte
rey, from CaDe Town, via East London and
New Orleans.
• ST MICHAELS — Arrived Dee 20 — Stmr
Smyrna, from Newport News, via Norfolk, for
Manila (for coal).
NAPLES — Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Trave. for
Gibraltar and New. York, from Genoa.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Picllla.
from Naples: stmr La Sa vole, from Havre;
Btmr Campania, from Liverpool.
Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, from
Genoa and Naples.
"Want N"o TJuty on Hides.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has sent a* petition to the Cali
fornia delegates to Congress asking that
action be taken toward securing the re
peal of the tariff law which places a 15
per • cent duty on Imported hides. It ia
felt by the members of the association,
in company with all leather .dealers, that
the duty is injurious to American manu
facturers and harmful in its results gen
erally."'-^
Panels and Medallions.
Thousands of Medallions and Panels
from 20c to $2 50 each. It will pay all lov
ers of handsome novelties to visit the pic
ture department at 'this time of year. All
welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket St. l r -fl>'-'-' . -
Writ of Mandate Issued..
On petition of Bernard "Ward, who was
convicted of embezzlement from - the Ma
rine Firemen's Association about two
"years ago, the Supreme Court yesterday
issued a writ of mandate to compel Judg^e
Dunne to settle the bill of exceptions- filed
■ by the attorneys for the defense at the
former trial. - .. ■ .
Administrator's Sale.
Cameras, photo supplies, graphophones,
records, ' for sale at cost to close out es
tate of "WV A. Hartter. I* Hartter, 513
Examiner building. - •
"llpLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of*
Very sxcall and as easy
to take as sugar. ,
W ' ln APT rtfol F0B HEADACHE - SEE
ott CARTtRo for diizimess.
Kittle for biliousmess. r rM,,, M n
GENUINE Hii/rb for torpid liyer. UhNUINh
UtMUlWL |IYLR F0R COMSTIPATIOH.
WDADDCD j P 'fe FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WRAPPER Hlgggm 1 FOR THE COMPLEXiOM " lirVI * Uil
-p^TTvTrriTriTD <=>** RED FAFEIR,."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hjristmas
A WELCOME AkRIV/il
For Christmas is the dress shirt and the
fine linen done up at the IT. S. Laundry.
When we do the work it is always done
right. "We don't damage the goods, and
we give them a perfect finish. We do the
best work on ladies' garments as well.
We deliver the goods .with a promptness
our customers appreciate.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stroat
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland OffVc«»— 54- San Pablo Ave.
o — ■ o
Have you
MjBFmh a Pipe?
NBJj|g§ir We insulate every-
HOFF ASBESTOS MFG. CO.,
— . San Francisco,
Oup Products : 27 JESSIE.
"Air cell" coyer- Los Angeles,
intr air cell 1m?- **** <.«*«oi
gink, asbestos ce- 705 E. FIRST,
ments, diatomace-
ous insulators, as- «^. lu^jvrfflj^ n^ ■
bestos packing, etc.
E s t i mates fur- §?£{§5§!s«ggP|j5
World Famous Marian! Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF
ALL TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO
THE TASTE.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$3 to $S week; $S to $20 month. Free batha;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates In
every room; elevator runs ajl night.
¥ fl
MARKETsiv Sf^Sai&r
CAMP OCEAN ROAR- i^yf n ac T c2mrio!
dations for camping:, hunting:, fishing: and boat-
ing. Cottages and tents. Cottages $2 60 per
week; board $6 60 per week. Boats 50c a day.
WM. ARCHER. P. O. Tomales. Cal. '
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Ldm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
** Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 d
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalta.. 3:39 p 6:00a ...
" Bakerafld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
*' Chicago 2:15 pj 9:00 p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying; Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining: Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-cla*s passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. ml
dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding: train arrives at 12 '30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 d m"
dally. .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points ln San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m dailv
Omces — 641 Market street and ln Fer?»
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. *•
BORf H PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausaltt* F*«y. **
Commencing September a> 1901
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLPv
v AND SAN RAFAEU Y
WEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. -J-.M. 11-0O « ™
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 'tf^S. «:45 d m '
EXTRA. TRIPS — For Mill Valley "ami «
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and « a ,,f a
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. a batUr *
SUNDAYS— •8:00. «10:00. 'll:^ a. m •ii,
3:15. «4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. • 1Ai '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN" RAFAEL TO SAN >RAXClSOrt
SUNDAYS— 6:15. ♦8:00. •10:00. «il -45 «,
•1:40. -3:15. 4>45, *6:30<p. ro. '*T *" m -.
Trains marked (•) start from San On.nn. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANTlinn
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. T:^^ 01^.
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m °°' 10 -»0
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, \v e dn««rt,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p m lne « d aj'»
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12-05 2-1^
3:30. 5:00, 6:45 p. m. V * *-•"». 2-13.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and *»
ttations. . **'
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Qjjncan Mllla a"d way
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and wb~
stations. w "»
Lee-al Holiday boats aad trains will ran on
fiuaday time, . _ "*
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Trnlaa l»n»*«" »»"•' *♦•'* * I|M * lo t»rrlt» Ml
man niA!»«:i!«». .
* (Main Line. Foot of Market 3 treat) M
UATI — FKO1I DKCKMBKB ». 1901. — AKK1TM
7:O»a Banlcia, SuUuu, Elmln and 3»crv
meuto •• 8:S3»
7iOOa Vacatille. Wlnttrs, Rumsey ?:30p
?>a«* Martliiex.S»n Uaii»oo, V«llejo. Nspa.
Caliati>g»a,iidH»pta, Itoaa, «:23p
»:OO a Dmiis. Woodland. KntgBta Lauding.
MurysTille. (>rc»!ll».. 7:33r
8iOO» Atlantic Kii>res»— Ogdeu and Km! S:23a
»i««»a JfUes. Ltthrop. Stociton....;. "la.ip
»:OOANUe«. Meixlota. Hanford. VUalla,
PortCTrUle • 4:33»
■:3tt a Shasta Express— DaTts, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Sad
Bluff. Portland. 7i53p
■iX»* Ski. .»«ie. Llterraore. Stockton.
Inno. Macrami-iito. rlaoerviU*.
M»ryiiilla, Chioo. Kad Illnff 4i2.1r
■>S»« OakiUlp. Chlneae,3onor», Tuolomne 4:SSp
»<•«>« H»y wnnl. Nile* and Way Stationa.. 1 I>A3a
•.•OAVallejo •»»;.■•. 1*s33f
HiWOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. Htnckton, Merord
Fresuo ai»t Los Aninlei 7:33^
O::i«>a Vallein. irt artlnez ami Way 8!aklot>« 7)-13p
IO:«»A The Orerlam 1 - Limited— Ogdau. L'aa-
Ter. Omaha. Chtcac 9 -••• 8)3Sr
tl:««>p SBcrtiuunU. i:Wer.Steam»r/i flltOO*
8:«»r Itsulcla, Winters. Hscramento,
Womllnml, KulKliti Landing,
M«rj»»ill«», Oro»Ill«» IO:3S A
SiSOp Hay ward. Nilrs and Way Stations.. 7:53 p
4:«wr Martliiex. Shii lUiiinn. Vallejo.
NapM. «,'»UstoB». Hunt* Itoaa, ••S3P
4tO«r NUes, LlTermore. Stockton. Lo.li... la.aar
■* ::«(»f Haywanl. MIe». Hau Jos*. LtTtnnom fSiS^A
4:3»rTlio Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulara,
ISakeraHelil. Saujpis for Santa Uar-
■ bara. Los AuReles Si3."l4
Btonr Port Costal Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1«:83»
3ionp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno H^Sf
S:omp naywanl, Miles aud San Joso 7<334
t«iO«r Vallnju Ili35*
«iO»r Oriental Mall— Os<ten. DenTer.
Oiuolta. 8t Louis. Chicago 4i23*
7i*ttr Oregon and California ISxi>raaa,flao>
i*!ii«nt... MarynTlll<(. UmMlnic.
rortlntul. Tnget .Soiiml anil fast 8:33*
■i«3pSan Fab!o. Port C'onta, Martinez
and Way tiUUons 11:33a
tgionp V.llpj. 7;33p
COAST LINE (N»rr«i» U»«i»e).
(Foot of M»rkct Street.)
Mi!3ANewark.C't!iiterillle..San.lose,Krlton.
UonliJeri-'reek.SaiitaOriu and W»|
HUtloua 3.3»»
t»il3p Newark, CanterTlUs. Haii.Toae. Nrir
AIniaiten, Vnlton, Itnnldor (.'reek.
' Bunta Crua and Vrtuclpal Way
Stations ••i-1»4
4il.1p Newark. H»n .lose. Lou Gatoa tS:50&
«9.3op Hnnters* Train— San Jos« and Way
'■■ Stations t7.»Ol >
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
1 fron SAH fRiSCISCD— Fool of Market Street (Slip 8)—
1 4:13 U:00 11:00a. H. 1:33 3:00 5:15>-.«*.
rMaiOtlUNB— f^»'*fMim.j.— fi; : 00 t»:0O 13:0*
10:00*. m. 12 03 g.CO t.S3r.n.
COAST I>INK (Uroa.l (JunRf).
(ThlrJ mid ToMrnaeii.l SU.)
«:K»a ban Joaeand Way .Mtationa. «>Ju*
7>««A Nan Jonaana W«r SUtioiM... }8<a«s>
/7:««* New Ali>-a<l«i> /-l:10»
8:00a Coast Line Limited — Ran Jose;
Gilnx Salluas. San Lnls Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
- principal intermediate stations.... 10:43aT
. •■••A'Na.ii .lo»«. Tie* liuos. M.ititu frux,
Padite tirnTff, ralinss. dan Luis
Obispo ami Principal intermediate
HtnttoiiN 4:!frp
IOiXOa 8ta Jcae and Wsy Stations. m:3Sa
I Ii»«a ban .loaa kikI Way Station !>;-!•*
tXi'iap San Mateo. UmIwi>o<I. Mcnlo Park.
1'alo Alto, fan tn Clara. San .Iciaa,
Trea PiBO», 8anU Crux. SaKuaa. .
Monieray and Pad lie (lrn»o (10:434
8:.t»r San Joso ami Way Stations. l:»»a>
t4:!3p San Jnaeani) Principal Way stations 3t30s>
4s30r Snnset Limited — Mondays. Wednes-
days, PtfdaT*. for Lo» Angeles. El
Paso New Orleans and Xew York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lAilSl
f3:v0r San Joso, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* t":OO»
5'SOp SanJnae ami Principal Way Stations 6:34»»
«:.1i>rSm.Iuii>»piiI Way stations 7-.:tOr
7:0« p New Orleans Express — Saa Lnia
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, n.mine. £1 Paso. Now Or-
•-'■■' leans and East 7iS94
•Il»43p9an .l<.i»»n.l Way Stations 7i3»»
A for Morning " )> for A ftemoon
t Sunday exmpted. J J Sunday only.
_a Sawiriiay only^ /Tuesdays aud Friday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Saa Francisco to San Rafael.
P ATS — 7:30 ' 9:0 °. U:0 ° *• "•: 12:33 »
8:^0, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips mx
1:60 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-^ :00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:%
6:00, 6:20 p. m. -.,
Saa Rtnia.t to Saa Francisco.
WEEK. DATS — 8:10. 7:50 8:20 11-10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra,
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p ra.
SUNDAYS^ :10. »:40. 11:10 ». m.; 1:40. 3:40,
0:05. 6:25 p. m.
m V * I Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901| Saa Francisco.
Week | Sun- 1 I Sun- I Week
Day 9 . I daya. | Destination | <Uyi. ( Days.
|:30aan 8:00am Novato, 10: 40am | 8:40am
8:30pm 9 :30am Petaluma. «:05pm|10:25an»
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. 7 :35pm| 6:20pm
»'»«- Fulton,
T :30am Windsor. 10:23am
5:00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am
Lytton,
• »»_ - «« Geyservllla,
5 :^5 m 5 : S^ m Cloverdale. 7:35pm « :20pm
2 :^ m S 1^™ Copland. 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uktah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
6 :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
ipfOamr 8:00am| ll0:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm | 5:00pm| Sebaatopol. [ 7:35pm| 6:20prc
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark West
Springs and Whlta "Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdalo
ror the G«ysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratos*
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's Riverside, Lterley's, Hucknell's.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. OTr-a Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City Fort Bragg West-
port. Uaal. Willlts. LaytonviUe. Cummiru.
B *i!i!^? prtnKS ' Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
anorEureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to All points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
trallalng.
H. C. WHITING. It. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L^ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
1 1:15 p. fc "7 w - k 5: 55 P-
Fan, 9aa rraKton ta Summit aad Brian. II M.
Tlokt; OSaw. «3l XXBAXX STXXXT ul BAC6AUX0 TfXZt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lottt Manhood. Debllitvor
2l*f a 1?. we * l1n^ on *x»<ly »nd min<1 and
Skin Diseases. Tb« Doc tor cures whea
others fall. Try him. t:harg«a low.
liirf.cnnrantff-d. eallorWZUaV
, Dr. J. I 1 . t»IB3t>.\. &u rrandaco. Cai <
. — — ., . . — — • - .SURROUNDED BY SORROWING FAMILY
JOHN J. VALENTINE PASSES AWAY
Death Ends Suffering That Held President of Wells, Fargo & Company to
His Bed Through Weary Months— He Was Not Only Prominent in the
Business World, but Won Renown as a Political and Economical Writer
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— John J. Val
entine, president of Weils, Fargo
& Co., died this morning at 1:30
o'clock. His last hours en earth
were peaceful. Surrounded by
the members of his family — his wife, .his
daughter Ethel and his son Edward— the
sufferer gradually sank to his final rest.
The !ate Mr. Valentine suffered ill
health for years. For the last ten months
Ms condition showed that he. was ap
proaching the end of Hfe"s Journey and
for two months preceding his death he
v.-as unable to leave his bed. - ■'
The arrangements for the funeral will
be made within a day or two.
The death of John J. Valentine removes
from the scene cT his wonted activity one
cf the most capable and experienced men
in the express transportation business
that the country has ever known. For
Feme forty years he was connected with
Wells, Fargo & Co. and for nearly half
that time his name stood before the pub
lic for the active and actual management
of that wealthy and widely operating
concern.
John J. Valentine was born In Bowling
Green the county scat of Warren County,
Kentucky, November 12, 1S40. His family
en his father's side was of English ex
traction, coming from the parish of
Kccles, Lancaster County, England,
where the ancestral seat, Bendiffe Hall,
Elill stands.
The first of the name in America was
John Valentine, who came over the water
about 1C40, and settled in Isle of Wight
County, Virginia. One of his descendants.
John *J. Valentine's great-grandfather,
took active part In the events leading up
to the Revolutionary War and served
with the Virginia fotces in the Continen
tal army.
In consideration of this service he, with
others, received from the State of Vir
ginia considerable grants cf land in what
•vvas then part of Augusta County, Vir
ginia, and which later became the State of
Kentuckv. It was most probably to look
Biter, and take possession of that land
that William Crenshaw Valentine, John
J.'a father, when yet a young man, emi
grated to Kentucky. There he married
i-:i:za Tales Cunningham, also the de
scendant of an old Virginia family, who
became the mother of the subject of this
sketch.
Young John received what was then
considered a good education in the schools
AD VEETISEMEUTS. .
,^S||^ .Christ-
SEALSKIN
GARMENTS
Stylish, up-to-date cut and make—
for the Smart Set. • > .
Best Goods and Lowest Prices.
AD, KOCQUR,
RELIABLE FURRIER. :
: ROOMS 7 TOIL ' * ■'
121 POST STREET,
(Don't Mistake the Number),
OFEN EVENINGS DOSING TEE HOLIDAYS.
.j. j.
of his native "place— private enterprises
they were and generally thorough— and at
the age of 14 went Into business as a clerk
for Younglove Brothers, druggists, in his
native town. •
The firm was also agent for Carter,
Thomas & Co.'s stage and express line,
which in those ante-railroad days covered
all the country between Louisville on the
north and'Kashville, Tenn., on the south,
and . young Valentine's connection with
the express business may be said to date
from his connection with this line.
The construction of the Louisville and
Nashville Railroad was under way at that
time and it soon reached Bowling Green
and took the direct business from the old
stage line. O'Bannon, Kean & Co. of
lxmisville at lirst had the express privi
leges on the railroad and connecting stage
lines, but it was later absorbed by the
Adams Express Company, and young Val
entine entered the service Of that com
pany, in which he remained until the win
ter of 1861, when he resigned and came
out to California. ; '— >
Soon after his arrival here he was ap
pointed joint agent for Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Express, the Pioneer Stage Com
pany and the California State Telegraph
Company at Strawberry . Valley, El Do
rado County. He remained there, how
ever, but a short time, being transferred
to the very important post 1 at Virginia
City, New, where he had charge of the
business of the Pioneer Stage Company
and the Overland. Mall Company.
His responsibilities in this position were
very great and his duties heavy and ex
acting, but he developed a wonderful
aptitude for handling the business with
promptness, efficiency and economy, and
was in due. time made superintendent of
the Pacific division of Wells, Kargo &
Co.'s express business.
Other promotions followed until in 1868,
when he was offered the position of
manager at the company's headquar
ters in New York City.
For good reasons he declined the offer,
but the following year accepted this posi
tion of general superintendent for Wells,
Fargo & Co., with headquarters in New
¥ork.
The business of the company being
chiefly on the Pacific Coast, the head
quarters were soon after transferred to
San Francisco, where they have since re
mained, and where and in Oakland Mr.
Valentine resided from his return from
New York in 1870 until his death. .*.•-,
As general superintendent of the com
pany and enjoying the fullest confidence
of Lloyd Tevis, the president, and J.* B.
Haggin, fellow Kentucklans. and the oth
ers connected with the direction of its af
fairs, Mr. Valentine had In a large meas
ure a free hand in planning and consum
mating the enormous growth in the busi
ness that has followed the development
of the Pacific Slope, and to his efforts Js
largely due the present splendid system
and equipment of the company.
In 18fc2 Mr. Valentine was elected a dl
fector of %he company and also vice pres
ident, at the same time continuing the
general superintendency. In 18S4 the new
office of general manager was created
and he was unanimously elected to fill It.-
In 1£92, on the retirement of Lloyd
Tevls from the presidency of the com
pany. John J. Valentine was unanimously
elected president and was at each sub
sequent election continued Jn.' that . posi
tion, ?nd until within a very short time
before his death was not only the official
but actual head and director of Its af
fairs.
Though always keeping in such close
connection with . all the several depart
ments of the Immense business of the
company as to be thoroughly Informed
even to the smallest practical details Mr.
Valentine found ample time for study, es
pecially on financial : questions. He for
many years annually published a sum
mary of America's output of gold and sil
ver, which Is recognized as reliable and
authoritative.
Mr. Valentine was a Democrat and in
the later campaigns took an active part
in the discussion of the financial questions
before tlie country, making many strong
contributions to the campaign literature,
both by pamphlet and In the press. In
1SS6 he differed with his party on financial
Issues, but In 1900 supported Bryan on the
imperialism issues.
John J. Valentine was a broad-minded,
public-spirited citizen and a charitable
man whose purse was quietly opened to
relieve private distress as well as swell
the relief fund in seasons of public ca
lamity. He always took an active inter
est in the educational affairs of the com
munity and was a warm supporter of the
Young Men's Christian Association in the
place of his residence.
Mr. Valentine was a member of the
Protestant Episcopal church and for
many years previous to his death be
longed to the Advent Church, Oakland.
o ■:-!■ : m i"H"H- ; ■:■ i-h-h-h-h-h- g
POPE RECEIVES
A CALIFORNIAN
Gk McEnerney Granted
an Audience by His
Holiness.
Garret W. McEnerney, the well-known
attorney, returned yesterday from an ex
tended tour of Europe. He Wad been
away nearly three months and looks
greatly benefited by his trip— in fact his
classmates from St. Mary's College, who
went to Sacramento to meet him, say
that he looks as young as when he gradu
ated. On his arrival in this city he went
directly to the home of his mother.
McEnerney says that the incident that
made the deepest impression on him dur
ing the tour was an audience he had with
Pope Leo at Rome. He says that he
spent about half* an hour with his Holi
ness.- '_• '.• ' i ':
McEnerney absolutely contradicts tac
telegrams which announce that the Pope
Is in falfing health. He says that tne
aged pon till appeared to be remarkably
active and In good health, lie talked witn
great earnestness and was thoroughly
conversant with all matters pertaining to
Catholicism in the United States. Mc-
Enerney describes his Holiness as a man
with a serene expression and with black
eyes that seemed to pierce the person he
is addressing. '7 .
McEnerney spent eight days In Rome
and says that besides its historical at
traction it is ono of the most modern and
up-to-date cities that he visited. The
wealthy men of Rome live in modern
residences that are furnished with the
latest improvements. In Ireland McEner
ney spent considerable time and for sev
eral days was a guest of Rev. Dr. Mac
donald of Maynooth College, the • great
ecclesiastical seminary of. Ireland. ' *j
The following frjfends went to Sacra
mento to greet McEnerney to California:
J. J. Barrett, John Drum, Jack McEner
ney, James H. O'Brien and Theodore P.
Bonnet.
Clocks and Candle Sticks.
We have the best line of superior Gold
Plated Clocks,- Candelabra, /handle Sticks,
Candle Vases, Ornaments, etc., to be seen
in this city.. The public is cordially in
vited to inspect this department. . Snn
born. Vali & Co., 741 Market st. •
Lost His Ticket to the Tight.
"Fatty" Blodes swore out a warrant
last night for the arrest of William
Sweeney on a charge of battery. Blodes
claims that he was struck by • Sweeney
while he was standing near the .Grove-
Btreet entrance of the Mechanics' Pavi
lion. Blodes r attempted to retaliate and
in the melee that followed lost his ticket
to the prize fight.:. '
Our German-Americans— See their pictures
in Christmas Wasp. . " Cosrnospolltan \ California
Illustrated. ; Send to foreign friends. 25 cents. ■ •
I I have been received by "TurRa | |
I I ish^ smokers ivith unqualified I I
tel^i^lfl^^^^^ip^^l® not surprise I 1
II ing, for they are really good; 11
I 1 better^ than any other ten=cent 8
I I Turkish Cigarette in the [
| 9 Jfc\*r\y» X \JX &\J'm Manufacturer of the famous Egyptian Deities Cigar tuts, j
BOARD COERCES
A DEAF TEACHER
Opposes the Withdraw
al of the Resignation
of Miss Slavan.
The latest teacher to incur the displeas
ure of the Board of Education Is Misa M.
H. Slavan, principal of the Cleveland
School. The board has for a long time en
deavored to get rid of her because of her
deafness. Repeated visits to the school
by the directors, however,' have shown
that the work and discipline in. the echool
were of the best and that Miss Slavan's
infirmity did not militate against her abil
ity to govern pupils.
Miss Slavan-'s attorney, S. V. Co3tello,
says that the board finally persuaded Miss
Slavan to resign and she mailed her resig
nation last week. Meanwhile her attorney
and some friends advised her to withdraw
her resignation and fight the 'board in the
courts it necessary.
Superintendent Webster asked that the
letter withdrawing the resignation be read
at yesterday's meeting of the board, but
it was quietly put away by. Mrs. ICincald.
The latter said the letter was addressed
to her personally and she had a right to
withold it until the board held its regular
secret session.
Superintendent Webster desired to know
why Madison -Babcock, vice principal of
the Fairmount School, had not applied for"
a leave of absence as other teachers are
required to do. Webster read a letter from
Principal Johnson of the school complain
ing of Babceck's constant absence from
his post of duty. Webster objected to the
boad's evident desire .to shield Babcock.
Ba'ocock's leave, which was granted three
weeks ago by Mrs. Kincald, but not rati
fied at the next meeting, as the rules pro
vide, was approved and an extension was
granted until January e, 1902.
. Mrs. Geraldine Donovan Boyle present
ed a claim for back salary amounting to
$800 and appjied for reinstatement. She
alleges that she was illegally deprived of
her position in the Richmond School olie
year ago. She was consolidated out, but
her class. was formed again and given to
another teacher.
The board -took under consideration the
suggestion of the California Club - to In
troduce in the eighth grade and High
School classes certain literature on civil
service reform.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mary
Roper and Miss S. Kingsbury and denied
to Lucretla Burnham and Mary E. Mo
ron ey.
The application of Dr. d: A. Nagel to ex
amine the eyes of pupils. was placed on
file. . "•. ■ ■ " r ':■■; .-,-•;*. . ■ -• • ■
JOHN, C. NOBMANN DIES
FROM BRAIN CONGESTION
Was Well Known in Politics and as
President of Retail Grocers'
Association.
John C. Nobmann, bailiff in Superior
Judge Hebbard's court, died Thursday
right at- his residence, 2414 Pine streetj
aft^r a brief illness. The cause of death
was congestion of the brain.. ,,
Nobmann was for ten years engaged in
the grocery business and was well known
as president of the Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation. The members of that organiza
tion will attend the funeral ina body. He
was a member of the Charter. Convention
v.-hich framed the present organic law of
this city and was prominently Identified
with Stanford Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West. Nobmann" was 38 1 years of
age and leaves a wife. ■
The funeral will ■ take place to-morrow
afternoon at 1 p. m. from ■ Native Sons'
Hall and will be held under the auspices
of Stanford Parlor. N. S.,G. W.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Open Sunday.
To accommodate tlje public Wells, Fargo
& Co." will ,kecp' their offices In this city
open Sunday, December : 22, from I) ft. : m.
to 3 p. m.. so that Christmas goods may
bo : forwarded and delivered. '_ ■ /
TEACHER MUST
BE REINSTATED
Jean Dwyer Wins Her
Suit Against Board
of Education.
A writ of mandate Was issued by Judge
Sea well yesterday directing the Board, of
■Education to restore Miss Jean Dwyer to
her position as teacher in the fifth grade
of the Sherman Primary School, from
which she was suspended last July be
cause she was charged with having a
fierce temper. Judge Sea well also direct
ed that the Board of Education issue to
Miss Dwyer a warrant for her salary dur
ing the time of her suspension.
Judge Seawell's decision confirms that
rendered by Judge Hunt, in the case of
Miss . McKinney. The legal battle be
tween the teachers ■ suspended by Mrs.
Mary Kincaid, president of the Board of
Education, and the board has been a bit
ter one,, and victory has perched on the
banners of the teachers in every case
where the rights of -the 'teachers against
whom charges. have been preferred have
been -brought into the courts.
In deciding that Miss Dwyer is entitled
to her position despite the mandate of
Mrs. Kincaid, Judge Seawell said:
The Board of Education has power, under Its
general powers, to suspend a teacher pending
an Investigation of charges. The power of sus
pension and removal, however, is a judicial
power and cannot be delegated by the board
to the president of the board or the Superin
tendent of Schools. In consequence, the rule
of the board attempting to delegate that power
Is Illegal. Inasmuch aa the . suspension of Miss
Dwyer was made by the president of the board
and not the beard itself, the suspension is
void. ■■ ■■■■ •<<*■•■ ■■' •::-■■ ''■}••'*■'
Statuary, Lamps; and Screens.
We have a ' select -line'- of. .moderate
priced statuary, screens., 'lamps, onyx
tables— exclusive designs and best values
in the city. Sanborn.Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. ■ >;.:yJM ',.- • :•..-•
SUIT v FOR DAMAGES. — airs. Charles H.
Vaughan Is sulns Hobbs, Wall & Cor for $25,000
damages for the death of her husband, who was
killed at the box factory owned by. the defend
ants" on December 24, 1S0S. ■ •,-•.:•■;; V
CHILDREN'S
DONATION DAYS
December 21
December .23
December 24
Donations of moneu and
supplies of all kinds
thankfullu received at
227 Sutter St.
(Coulter's Rattan Works). ..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
California
Limited...
• \ ■ ■ .
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with-
high-class accommodations have made
it th; most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
GOHOaitHffiA AND DSINAR7 DI3CHABGE3
■v"V.;a CURE IN 48 HOURS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORX. SOaTHAMPTOH, LOHDQN, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 1 Philadelphia ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Van. 8 St. Paul Jan. 29
St. Louis .Jan. 15 St. Louis Feb. S
REDSTAR LINE.
New .York and Antwerp.
■ From New Vork ' Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark . . . . Jan. 22
Zeeland S Vaderland Jan. 20
Frlesland ..'....Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. 5
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
»-■•.-.; . - . . ' CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
ftiAASllllO 4T % 6" A ium "' WK0A » *"
IssSEwl: SBRsss
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, . Samoa. Auckland
,and Sydney Thursday. Dec 26 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
,..'•••••. ....Jan. 4. '02, 10 a m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.... ...;... .
• Saturday, Jan. 4,/ '02, 2 p. m.
J. O.SPatGS£LS & UHflS. CU , Bsnsra. Agents, S27 Haito tt
Eaa'l PassERgsr Offie, B43 Karkst St., Hsr Ka J. p'asigc St
■00SPAGNI3 GENEHAL3 TRIKSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVUE-l»AitlS. .
Ealling every Thursday, Instead oC &ttT&fa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. uJttAnSu
North Kiver. foot of Morton street.
-. 71r>t class to Havr*, »7o and upward. Second
elaii" to Havre, Hi and upward. GENKRAL
AGENCY FOK UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 'Broadway (Hudson building). N«*
Vork. J. F. FUGA7.I A CO.. Pacifls Ccast
AKtr.t*. 5 Moutgoin-rr/ av«nu#. Fan Fracclsco.
|. Tickets told Ly all ltallrouU Ticket Asesta.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers lear* Broadway
EPw^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KSn5&5SE. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
Dec. 2. 7. 13. 17. 22. Zl. Jan. U
|I?^S55^^ Chango to company** ■team-
■ ISiJ^a^g « rs at Seattl «- ,-a
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
lRi&B&3£\i C), Port Townsend. 3eattl».
Tacoma. Ever«tt and New
.. . Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. «•-.
nt*> 9 i ix w Xi. Tt. Jan. 1. Change at »•-
'•For^aiVuko^'.t^ptaS only at Saat*
fcara. Port Lo» Anselea and Bedopdo (Loa Aa-
r*S)-Steamer Santa Boaa. Sundays. 9 «, n,
lUSrnlr State of Ctl.. d ?" da f''^ ft ; S"^,
For Um Amrelw. calling »t Bantm to» Mon-
terey. 8an Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Hartorf (3aa
liuls Obl«K>). Oarlota. Santa Barbara. Vm-
tnra. HueSem« East San Pedro. San *•«*•
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturday*. •
*"F?r' Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. «"'<"•«;*
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pa^ fianta Rosa-
lla and Gnayma* (Me£)-ltt a. m.. Ith of eacS
m For b farther lnformaUon obtain th. company*
°Th e «* company rerorres the rl jht t<» ehnn
•teamen. Balling day» and hours of tallln*
New Hntmr*
•^OoiALu'pKH^NS A CO.. Oen. Aceata.
10 Market rt.. Ban FranclKco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Stt» nmm lit F» !»»»• *°
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to aM
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMES TICKETS INCLCDE BERTHmi MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec 14. 24. Jan. 3. 13
63. GEO. "W. ELDER '. "
.* Sails Dec. 13. 29. Jan. S. U
Steamer sails from foot of Spear at.. 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y. S.T.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko). Nasasakt and Shanghai and
connecting at 'HDntkdDK with steanwra for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of salllnc.
ES. AMERICA MARU....."
V... * :»..".".".... Saturday, January 4th, 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU
..Thursday. January 30th, 1902
.....* Tuesday, February 25 th, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelgrht and passase apply at company's office.
421 Market y^t Agent . .
PACIFIC STEAM NAV16AT10N COi
And CiaSud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopplns at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from II aw-
ard S, Pier 10. 12 m. fflfffl
TUCAPEL ....Dec. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4IPERU ..." „
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No Changs at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger .office. 316 California street.
BAIiFOOB. QUTHRIB it CO.. Gen. Agent*.'
PANAMA R,I S S ?
TO NEW YOAX VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, 1*>: Meals Free.
5. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday. Dec. 23
6. S. Argyll «»' ts Thursday, Jan. 23
t>. 6. Leeinnaw itail<« Monday. Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. . nu. i->
Freight and ■ Fassengrer Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Faclnc Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVEB CTBAMEBS.
FOnrXwrYARD AND YALLEJQ
Stamen. OElf. FRISBIB or MONTICELLQ
1:45 a. m., 8:15 and $:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., i:Z3 p. m. . Lears*
Vallejo 1 a. m.. 13:30 noon, t p. m.. «xo*pc
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* St
cents. Tet«phone Main 1603. Landing «a4
of He*. pl«r Z. Mlsslon-atreet dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall street rather firmer.
Sihcr lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley very steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran marked up $oc again. Middlings and Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal. •
Butter and Eggs higher. Cheese remains unchanged. ',
Dried Fruit in greatly reduced supply and firm.
Nine-tenths of the coast Hops crop 7'eportcd sold.
Wool and Hides unchanged.
Provisions firmer at Chicago and quiet here.
AH kinds of Meats firm and in moderate supply.
Local stocks and bonds show more fluctuation.
Poultry market continues in good shape. Game weaker.
Four, cars of Citrus Fruit auctioned.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Exports of Canned Goods.
Exports of Canned Goods from this pojt
during the flrrt eleven months of the year were
SCG.:.f!O cases, against 775.r.40 during the same
jvrlod Urt y«"ar. the leading quantities beliia
•s follows: To Great Britain. 21S.140 cases;
Australia. C0.7O4 rases: New Zealand. 20.790;
China. 20.106; Japan. 16.200; India. 13.SS3.
Shipments to Great Britain this year show a
decrease of over 60 oer cent.
Wheat, Rye and Cotton Crops.
According to the Cincinnati Price Current
the final official report of the Central Statis
tical Bureau of Russia makes the winter
mUeal crop In the seventy-two governments
22.990.000 quarters against 16.822,000 quartern
la Ft year and £0.306,000 In 1SJ»9. The rye
crop is estimated at lOS.B'JT/KK) quarters
against 103.600,000 quarters lart year.
The following table is Broomhall's estimate
of the wheat and rye crops, in millions of
quarters. Including reserves, for the past few
Wheat. Rye.
WOt 354 167
moo 348 ISO
«K» 344 1S1
I8M 374 2?5
1^P7 295 1^5
- 163<", '.'. 313 159
The average of cotton crop estimates made
bv members of different exchanges are as fol
lows- New York, 10.590,000; Memphis. 10,
560.000: Houston, 10,600,000; Norfolk, 10.321,
000 bales.
Weather Report. .
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
datp as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
i-, ire ki 00 16.01 20. 2*
nSTmuir. v:::::::.. .<*> ».™ p.so
Sacramento OO 5.0S
Fan Trancisco 00 5. SO *-13
Fresno 00 21< c - 42
Independence 00 1.34 2.31
San Luis Oblspo CO 4.56 10.20
Los Angeles ™ 2. 4(5 6.^9
Ean Diego 00 -JJ^ lli
San Francisco data.: Maximum temperature,
&3: minimum, 16; mean. 52.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta-
C Bo«ton 24-14; Cincinnati. 2 to — 6; Wash
lmrtcn 22-12 • Jacksonville, 5S-36: Kansas City.
1 to" 8- New York. 16-16; Omaha. — * to
10; Duluth 0 to — 1C: Salt Lake City, 38-1S:
Chi^aso. 12 to —6; St. Louis, 0 to — 10; Phlla
delphia.' 1C-16.
THE COAST RECORD.
" tr 2 g S3 «n *s
STATION. 3 r? 2 1 jLd • £s g
| : = : 3 j § |r jj
As>toria 30.20 50 38 E Cloudy .20
Baker 30.36 38 10 SE Cloudy .00
Carson ; 30.38 50 10 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.32 56 3S N Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.20 04 34 W Clear .00
Flarstaff 30.46 42 30 E Clear .00
Pocate'.lo. Ida 10
Independence .30.26 5S 34 S Clear ,O0
Los Angeles.. .30. 10 82 42 E Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30.20 70 34 E Pt Cldy .00
Portland 30.30 40 TA SE Cloudy .06
Red Bluff 30.24 C2 36 N Clear .00
Koseburg 30.30 36 28 KW Cloudy .02
Sacramento ..30.22 48 S2 XE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.52 36 18 S Clear .00
E&n FVancisco.30.22 58 *6 X Clear .00
S. L. Obispo..30.10 76 30 N Clear .00
Ban Diego 30.10 74 44 XW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.14 48 28 SE Cloudy .01
Spokane 30.24 36 24 E Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.02 60 42 BW Rain .26
Walla Walla.. 30. 32 26 24 W Cloudy .00
■VVinnemucca. .30.36 BO 20 ICE Clear .00
Yuma 30.16 76 42 N Clear .00
— — — _ — , .
Temperature — 7 a. m., 46. ;••",•'• V
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington and Oregon and along the extreme north
western coast of California. Light rain has
fallen in the western portions of Washington
and Oregon. In other districts fair weather
has prevailed.
An area of low pressure is central over North
ern Montana, moving: rapidly eastward.
There haa been a marked rise In temperature
Blor.g the coast of Southern California and tem
peratures of 70 and above are reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 21 1901 :
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
cloudy and probably showers along the ex
treme northern coast; fresh northeasterly wind
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
Cloudy alone the coast; fresh easterly wind
Nevada— Fair Saturday; light easterly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday
light northeast wind. G. H. WILLSON
Local forecast Official, temporarily in charge
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — The stock market
ehowed its Immense relief from the disturbing
effect of the recent eccentricities of Amalga
mated Copper. There were eome further con
tortions in that stock for a short time after
the opening, but it settled down Into a condition
of quietude, which has not been seen for many
•weeks. Between CO and G7 it seemed to have
arrived at a condition of stable equilibrium.
'The opening dip to «4% was apparently due to
a drive from the bears, who sought an oppor
tunity to cover their short contracts. The high
level of the etock for the day was at 68, and
the net gain was a point. The statement issued
by the directors last night was accepted as a
rcpclamation of a struggle for business with
the Independent companies and such cut in the
price of the product as would be necessary.
This, however, had been definitely foreshadow
ed by previous developments and had been per
verted and exaggerated by all sorts of rumors
end manipulation. With authorized official in
formation as a base of operations, the steadi
ness and quiet tone of the stock offered a re
markable contrast. The solution of part of the
mystery which has hung over this 6tock let
loose the forces of demand which have lain
dormant in the market for several days past.
The buying was apparently based upon the gen
eral consideration of the high degree of pros
perity which is prevailing in all branches of
trade. The Fpecial strength of the coalers,
"Which led the advance, was due to the season
able weather for the trade and to reports of a
possible advance in the price of anthracite. The
formation of the arbitration committee by the
National Civic Federation was a factor In the
strength of this group, as the president of the
miners' organization has a prominent place on
the committee. The advances ran from about
a point up to 2% in Delaware and Hudson and
3 in Hpcking Valley. The strength of the Pa
ciftci" end transcontlnentals was apparently
ba»p« on the favprable showing which it is ex
pected the Union Pacific annual report will
make. Reports of adjustment or of efforts
making toward that end of rate disturbances in
the West helped the railroad list generally. The
bull campaign in the local traction stocks wai
renewed under the leadership of Manhattan.
The charp gaine in a number of industrials
•were based on individual considerations. The
«-xpresg stocks were conspicuous as a group.
IWestinshouse Electric rose buoyantly 11% and
at a reaction closed with a net gain of 9 points.
Sugar was heavy on the signs of the renewal
of the rate war In that trade. The rate for all
loans stiffened late In the day. Although the
banks have apparently lost nearly $2,000,000 In
cash during the week, sentiment is for the mo
ment optimistic over the money outlook. To
morrow's bank statement, it is hoped, will re
veal a large loan contraction, although the rise
In call "money to-day fails to corroborate this
expectation. The fact that to-morrow's steam
ers are the last on which gold shipments could
reach foreign destinations In time for the an
nual settlements was felt to end the possibility
of further drain on that score. The payment
to-day of the dividend on United 8tatea Steel
common, amounting to over $5,000,000, is ex
pected to favorably affect the money market.
Bonds were moderately active and irregular.
Total sales, par value, $2,300,000.
United States threes registered and the old
■ nd new fours advanced % and the threes coup
on declined % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchlBon 26.200 79% 77% 78%
Atchlson pfd 7.100' 101% 09& 100%
Bait & Ohio 5,300 102% 10114 101%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 300 04% 04% 04%
Canadian Pacific... POO 113% 113% 113%
Canada Southern.. 000 80% 85 % 86
Chesap & Ohio.... 1,600 46% 46% -46%
Chi & Alton 1,200 35% 35 :S3ii
Chi & Alton pfd 75%
Chi Ind & L 2,400 49 48 48%
Chi Ind & L pfd... 800 74% 74% 74%
Chi & East 111 134%
Chi & G W 2,100 24% 24 24%
Chi & G W A pfd 80%
Chi & G W B pfd 47%
Chi & Northwest.. 100 203 203 203
Chi R I & Pacific. 1,800 152% 151 151%
Chi Term & Trans. 1,000 16% 16% 16%
Chi Term & T pfd. 000 31% SI 30
C C C & St Louis. 1.200 98% 97% 98%
Colo Southern 1,100 14% 1414 14%
Colo South lEt pfd. 1.300 58% 58 58%
Colo South 2d pfd. 1.700 27% 26 27
Dela & Hudson ... 2,500 175% 173% 174%
Dela Lack & W... 500 247 240% 24«%
Den & Rio Grande. 100 43% 43% 43
Den & Rio G pfd.. 1,200 94 93% 93%
Erie 15.200 40% 39% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 6.400 72% 71% 72%
Erie 2d pfd 1,800 58 57 57%
Great North pfd... 400 184% 183% 184
Hocking Valley ... 7.800 66% 63% 66%
Hocking Val pfd.. 2,300 83% 81% 82%
Illinois Central ... 800 139% 138 138%
Iowa Central 36
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 71% 71% 71
Lake Erie & W.. 67
Lake E & W pfd 129
Louis & Nashville. 7.100 106% 105% 106
Manhattan L 13.800 135 133% 134
Metrop St Ry 2.100 162% 161 161%
Mexican Central .. 2,800 25 24% 24%
Mexican National.. 100 14 14 13%
Minn & St Louis ;... 106
Mo Pacific 22,300 104% 103 103%
M K & Texas 800 25% 25% 25%
M K & T pfd 900 52% 52 02%
N J Central 200 184 181 182
N Y Central 0,500 166% 105% 166%
Nor & Western . . . 2,400 56 55% 56
Nor & West pfd 91
Northern Pac pfd 99%
Ontario & West... 12.700 34 38% 33%
Pennsylvania 20.000 148% 147% 147%
Reading 62,000 49% 48% 49%
Reading 1st pfd... 4.C00 • 80 79 79%
Reading 2d pfd 18.700 50% 5SV4 W)%
St L & San Fran.. 2.300 56% 55 56
St L & S F 1st pfd. 5.000 83 S2% 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.800 74% 73 73%
St L Southwestern. 2.300 27% 27% 27V*
St L South pfd... 500 C9% 59% 69
St Paul 44,800 104% 162 163%
St Paul pfd 100 188 188 188
Southern Pacific... 29.000 Cl 58% 60%
Southern Railway. 7.400 33% 32% 33%
Southern Ry pfd ... 2,200 93% 02% 92%
Texas & Pacific. 1.500 39 38 38%
Tol St L & West.. 300 19 18% 19%
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 34% 34% 34%
Union Pacific 64,100 103 101 Vt 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 900 89% 88% 89%
Wabash 5,100 22% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd ...... 5.600 42% 41% 42%
Wheeling & L E.. 500 18% 18 18%
W & L E 2d pfd 28
'Wisconsin Central. 1,600 21% 20% 21
Wis Central pfd... 1,000 42% 41% 42
Express Companies —
Adams 190
American 100 205 205 200
United States .... 800 94% 93 93
Wells-Fargo 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 103.7t>0 68 64% 66%
Amer Car & Fndry 1.300 30 29% 29%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 2.400 85% 85% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil • 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 40
Am Smltg & Refng 1,700 44% 43% 43%
Am Sm & Reft- pfd 200 97 93% 96%
Anaconda Min Co.. 2,300 30% 29% 29%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 18,000 G4% 62% 64
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,200 90% 90 90%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.700 210 215 214%
General Electric... 400 281 279% 279
Glucose Sugar 700 39 39 39
Hocking Coal 200 15% 15 15
Internat Paper 500 21 20% 20%
Inter Paper pfd.... 800 76 75% 75%
Internat Power 88"
Laclede Gas 92%
National Biscuit... 400 43% 43% 43%
National Lead 16%
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd ' . «i
North American 03
Pacific Coast ",00 75 74 74%
Pacific Mall 900 45% 45% 45%
People's Gas 1,300 102% 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.500 40% 40% 40V.
Press Steel Car pfd 1.000 84 83% 83%
Pullman Palace Car 1.000 213 213 212
Republic Steel 0,000 15% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.100 67 06% 66%
Sugar 20,100 120 118% 118%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4,900 63% 62% G3%
Union Bag & P Co. 300 14% 14% 14%
Union B & P Co pfd 72
U S Leather 300 11% 11% n*£
TJ S Leather pfd „ . ... 80S
U S Rubber 300 13% 13 13
U S Rubber pfd... 300 48% 48% 48
United States Steel. 2,100 42% 41% 42%
U S Steel pfd 15,800 92% 91% 92
West Union, ex-dlv. 1,800 91% 91% 91%
Amer Locomotive.. 5,700 31% 30% 31
Am Locomotive pfd 1,400 88% 88 88%
Total sales GS0.200
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO8%'L & N uni 4s.... 102%
Do coup 109% Mex Cent 4s .... 83
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st lnc 31%
Do coup 108% Minn & S L 4s.. 103%
Do new 4s reg. 139% M K & T 4s 96V.
Do coup 139V- Do 2ds .. 81%
Do old 4s reg.111% N Y Cent lets. '.'.106%
Do coup ......112% Do gen 3%s ..110
Do 5s reg 107% N J Gent gen 5s.. 131%
Do coup 108 Nor Pac 4s 104%
Atch gen 4s 102%' Do 3s ... 73
Do adjt 4s .... 94 N & W con 4s! '.'.102%"
Balto & O 4s.... 102% Read Gen 4s .... 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con-. . .117
Do conv 4s 104% "S L & S F 4s 07%
Canada So 2ds..lO9% S L S W lsts.. 06^4
Cent of Ga Cs...lO6%! Do 2ds 7»
Do 1st inc 75% S A & A P 4s... 89
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% So Pac 4s .....£92%
Chi & Alton 3%s. Sfl So Ry 5s . l*»3i?
C B & Q new 4s.. 98«/i Tex & Pac Ists!!ll9%
C M & St P g 4s.Hl T & St L W 4s! .81
C & N con 139% Union Pac 4s . 1O6U
C R I & P 4s... .100% Do conv 4s ..] 106&
C C C & S L g 48.103 Wabash lsts 118%
CM Term 4s .... SS% Do 2ds ....112%
Colo & So 4s.... S3% : Do deb B .. 05U
D & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s ..114
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO% W & L E 4s 91
Erie gen 4s 89 Wis Cent 4s " »OT4
F W & D C lsts.104% Con Tobacco 4s" 64<*
I Hocking Val 4%s.lO8% " w * %
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do prefd . . 02
Call loans 4%@5 Westingh.Com " 78"
Time loans 4%@5 Mining— 77" \?, ':
Bonds — ': ,..V x ;; ' Adventure .. 16 '
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez ..... ' 2^
Gas lsts 82 Amalgamated '" 6tii£
Mex Cent 4s .... 80% Baltic .... 301I
N E Gas & Coke. 58 Bingham '.'.'.'.2%
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.560
Atchieon ... 78% Centennial 10%
Do prefd ......100% Copper Range ..46%
Boston & Albany.259 Dominion Coal . 48
Boston & Maine.. 190. Franklin ...12
N Y N H & H..211 Isle RoyaU ....18*4
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SATURDAT, .DECEMBER 21, 1901.
Fltchburg pre[d..M5 | Mohawk ......... 23
Lnion Pacific ....102%. Old Dominion ... 21*4
Me * c ent 24U;Osceola 73
Miscellaneous— Parrot 28%
Amer Sugar ....118% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer Tel & Tel. 163 I Tamarack .......230
Dom Iron & S.. 24*4 ITrlmountaln 30
Gen Electric ....279 Trinity 13%
Mass Electric ... 32 United States ... 13%
..D? Prefd 90% Utah 19%
£ £ Gas & Coke. 4 % Victoria 4%
Lnlted Fruit .... 93%|winona 2
S Steel 42Ulwolverlne 46
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2o Little Chief 12
AHce 45 Ontario 8 00
Breece ;.. 75 Ophlr 50
Brunswick Con . . . 10 iPhoenlx 06
Comstock Tunnel. . 05V- iPotosl 03
Con Cal & Va 1 50iBavage 01
Dead wood Terra... 60! Sierra N%vada 15
Horn Silver 2 OOJSmall Hopes . " 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard .........3 25
Leadvllle Con .... 05)
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The approach of the holidays has somewhat
affected business on the Stock Exchange, but
the undercurrent Is good on the expectation of
decisive South African war news soon.
Copper touched £4b% the ton on the failure
of William Sargent & Co., a leading firm of
metal brokers. The liabilities are estimated
at £100,000. Rio Tlntos closed at £40%.
American stocks were quiet early, with not
enough business to test the tone. Then New
York came a buyer, especially of the coalers
and United States Steel, with the result that
there was a general rally and a strong close.
The statement Issued by the Amalgamated
Copper officials is disliked and distrusted.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Dec. 20. — Anaconda, 6; Atchlson,
7»«i: do preferred. 102V4; Canadian Pacific,
11014: Denver and Rio Grande, 44 U: do pre
ferred, 06; Northern Pacific preferred, 102;
Southern Pacific. 60%; Union Pacific. 104U;
do preferred, 90%.
Bar silver weak, 25 0-10d per ounce.
: Money, 3%©4% per cent.
NrdJ York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — Money on call was
strong at 6{f9 per cent; closing bid, 10 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange was easy with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4 80%@4 89% for
demand and at $4 83U@4 63% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 S4i3>4 84% and $4 87%. Com
mercial bills, $4 S2%®4 83. Bar silver, 5ftiSc.
Mexican dollars. 43%c.
Bonds— Government, irregular; State, inac
tive; railroad, lrrecular. - '
Condition of the Treasury.
' WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows:
Available cash balance, $172,790,951; gold,
$115,489,108.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— The' following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for. the week ended
December 19, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: ,
Percentage, i
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York........ $1,584,608,524 7.0
Chicago 156,383,86S 8.9
Boston 135.126.873 .... 4.7
Philadelphia .... 109.352,425 2.8
St. J^ouis 49.234.4S8 IS. 3 '
Pittsburg- 37.41)9,825 4.3 ....
San Francisco.... 25,674,639 13.5 ....
Baltimore 24,244,318
Cincinnati 19,600,850 15.1 ....
Kansas City 19,125,700' 4.9
Minneapolis 15.776JDS8_' JJU.3 ....
Cleveland 14,571,439 19.4 ....
New Orleans 17,503.548 .:..
Detroit 14,740,030 62.1 ....
Louisville ... 10,052,871 2.6 ....
Indianapolis 9,364,122 31.1 ....
Providence 7,337,600. 2.1 ....
Omaha.. 0,847,227 .8.3 ....
Milwaukee ...— . 7.1O9.8S2 . 19.0 ....
Buffalo 6,672,131 . ..} ....
St. Paul 5,531,146 6.0
Savannah 4,466,199 21.5
Denver 4,019.947 6.1
St. Joseph 5,849,006 43.2 ....
Richmond- 4,000.522 8.8
Memphis ' 3.995,758' 6.0
Seattle 2.90G.441 43.1 ....
Washington 3,061,217 .... 2.9
Hartford 2.803.406 30.1
Los Angeles I 4,056,877 45.3 ....
Salt Lake City... 3,179.334 5.0 ....
Toledo 2,493.820 9.7 ....
Portland, Ore.... 2,929,232 17.9 ....
Rochester 2.165.791 • 5.9
Peorla 3,020.572 16.1 ....
Fort Worth 2.232,092 ?> 8.8
Atlanta 3,005,729 11.4 ....
Norfolk 1.614,022 .9.8 ....
Des - Moines. 1,830.271 19.5 ....
New Haven 1.621.937' 6.2 ....
Springfield. Mass. 1.631.623 20.2 ....
Augusta 2.494,658 6.3 ....
Nashville 1,833,000 10.4 ....
Worcester 1.625,648 4.2
Grand Rapids 1,615,633 19.3 ....
Sioux City 1.598.076 12.2 ....
Dayton, O... 1,190,883 2.4 ....
Syracuse 1.283.145 18.1
Scranton 1,220,586 .... 8.2
Portland, Me 1,493,217 18.3 ....
Spokane 1,502,823 34.8 . ....
Tacoma :... 1,142,745 1.4 ....
Evansvllle 929,986 4.3
Wilmington. Del. ' 1.046.637 2.4 ....
Davenport 1,162.021 30.1 ....
Fall River 1,122,901 4.0 ....
Birmingham 1,220,786 18.3 ....
Topcka 1,302,943 20.3 ....
Macon : 943.000 12.9 ....
Little Rock 1,120.590 51.1 ....
Helena 1,007.210 21.0 ....
Knoxville 686.418 10.4 ....
Lowell 661,425 . ....
Wichita 609,284 18.5 ....
Akron 619,000 19.9
New Bedford 522,247 3 3
Lexington 490,334 7.5
Springfield, 111... 530,038 ' 6.6
Binghamton 467.600 9.1 ■
Chattanooga * 534,294 25.6 ....
Kalamazoo 439,017 0'8
Fargo 508,236 .... 2.3
Youngtown 623,183 75 4
Springfield, Ohio. 331,222 • 9 0
Rockford 386.734 49.0 '..'..
Canton 427.000 33.4 ....
Jacksonville 48(5.302 50.4
Sioux Falls. 259.402 42.3 .
Fremont 173,968 .... 135
Bloomington, 111.. 241,805 .... 10 0
Jacksonville, 111.. 160,739 1.9 ..!
j tColumbus, O 6,501,300 7 1
tGalveston " 7,641.000 .... 7*2
' SColorado Springs ' 1)50,844 " '
SWheellne.-W.Va. ' 771.043 .... '/."
SWilkesbarre* . . . . , .072,765 ....'
Albany . . r v . . ;;. 4,343,867 '....;.
Beaumont :..:... 180,147 .....
Totals, TJ. 8..'. ..$2,374,918,952 fl.O .. -
Outside N. Y 790,310.428 6.8
CANADA.
Montreal .?18,230,150 11. 4 ,.,,
Toronto 15,016.448 • 33.0
Winnipeg 4,287,197 69.1 ..
Halifax 2,'254,062 *S.O ....
Vancouver.B. C...... 854.321 12.2
Hamilton 834,875 7.7
St. John, N. B 784,848 ' 9.3 '
Victoria, B.C.... 518,865 ,V 2*6
{Quebec ............ 1,364,574 .... ....
Totals, Canada ....$42,800,765 "22.9 ....
tNot Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
SNot Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year. -
Bradstreet's on Trade.
4- ; : — -— -*
• ' NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Retail trade has easily held the'
center of the stage this week.' stimulated, ' as
it has been, by the dual influences of exception
ally cold weather throughout the country and
a ■ rather more pronounced holiday demand,
.which promises to be of record-breaking char
acter, not only as to volume, but as to quality
and grade of goods purchased. While Jobbers
in many lines, notably shoes, clothing and rub
ber goods, report a good re-order business grow
ing out of the above conditions, wholesale trade
as a rule has been seasonably quiet, excep
tions' to this being noted in woolen goods,' raw
wools, lumber, leather, coal and last, but by
no means least, iron and steel in a myriad of
forms. The spectacular . feature of B the week
in -prices ■ has been the continued marking
down of copper and sympathetically therewith
the drop in tin and lead. '
- Slow but steady accretions In the price of
pig iron are proof of the heavy buying going
on i In the • cruder . forms, which • vies : with : the
active call for bars, sheets.* plates rails * and
structural material among finished products.
Despite the record-breaking, production buyers
are still eager and, the 'familiar car bhortage
cry is heard most loudly In this trade. .-Noth
ing is heard of the usual 'conservative waiting
for the new year's arrival ■ to place business,
and order-books of leading producers are filled
for long periods ■ ahead. Hardware is 'in' good
demand at most markets. ■ .
In speculative staples the cereals have held
a portion of the rally from the low prices struck
last week. Wheat has eased a little- on liqui
dation, absence of bull support and fairly large
receipts. . Visible supplies are no larger than
a year ago, but the export demand Is a little
freer. Corn and oats have sympathized .with
price movements ' within narrow limits. Pro
visions are Irregular, with pork. slightly higher
and lard lower than a week ago. ■ •
Wheat. Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,332,832 bushels, as against 3,8(9.
809 bushels last week and 4,123,350 bushels in
this week last year. ■
Wheat exports July 1 to date (twenty-five
weeks) aggregate 140.636.547 bushels, as
against 89,084.709 bushels last year.
Reports of rate cutting at the West contrast
strangely with reports of car shortage and In
cidentally returns of earnings which show that
fifty roads earned 8 per cent more in the first
week of December this year than they did last,
while for the second week forty-two roads
show & gain of $500,000 over the middle week
of December, 1900. Again. October gross earn
ings of 105 systems Increased 16.2 per cent on
a total of $119,212,776.
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 262. as against 323 laFt week.
262 In this week a year ago, 211 in 1899 and
212 in 1898.. * -
Canadian failures for the week number 24. as
against 23 last week and 28 in this week a
year aso. ! '
Dun's Review of Trade.
+ ■ _ — : *
NEW YORK. Dee. 20.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Holiday trade reached Its maximum this
week, nearly all sections of the country re
porting exceptional distribution, and while the
class of goods especially stimulated by Christ
mas demand occupied the position of greatest
prominence general merchandise was not far
behind • In activity. Transporting Interests
were Just beginning to overcome congested con
ditions when severe storms- made the situation
more complicated than before.
In the grain market wheat has held fairly
steady at some reaction from last week's ex
ceptionally high point and there is still much
evidence of a firm undertone. Severe weather
stimulated the Western demand for livestock
feeding and also interrupted receipts. Here
tofore this season there has been a large gain
in comparison with the corresponding period of
1900. Higher prices have at last affected the
export movement.
Failures for the week numbered 265 In the
United States, as against 292 last year, and
19 In Canada, as agatnst 18 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Deo. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
0800; exports. 8900 barrels. Market more ac
tive and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64,150 bushels. Market
for spot, firm; No. 2 red. 86?ic t. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 red, 83%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 85Vio f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
$>2%c f. o. b. afloat. Options were generally
firm and more active all day on better cables,
renewed export demand, foreign buying, crop
damage reports, local coverings, a good cash
trade in the Northwest and small spring wheat
receipts. Closed firm and %@%c net higher.
March closed at 86c: May. 84%@85%c. closed
at 85%c; July. 84%@S5i4c. closed at '85%c;
December, 83%<gS3 7-ltSc, cloeed S3%c.
HOPS— Quiet,
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc. . Coffee
futures closed steady with quotations net 0
points higher to 5 points lower. Total sales,
10,750 bags, Including: December, 6.60c; Jan
uary, 6. 00® 6. 65c; February, 6.70c; March, 6.75
@0.80c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady. Fair refining,
3 9-32c; centrifugal. 96 test, 3%c; molasses
sugar, 3 l-32c. Refined was steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 2900 packages; firm.
State dairy .]5<g;23c; creamery, 16@25c; June
creamery, 15@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 3100 packages; excited and
higher. Western, at mark, 26@33c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Holiday dullness was apparent in the mar
ket for evaporated apples to-day and traders
were purchasing only in a hand-to-mouth way
and paying old prices. State, common to good,
OOS^c; prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@0%c; fan
cy. 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were nominally steady.
PRUNES — 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c; unpeeled, 7
@10%c.
Chicago . Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.- i -CondltIons In wheat
were bullish all around at the opening. Trade
was inclined to continue in its dull rut, but
with such arguments for better prices trader3
who did wish to get into deals had to bid up
for everything they bought. Cables were firm,
London reported no cargoes arriving or wait
ing off coast and local houses with cable con
nections claimed better acceptances by the
Continent. Receipts were small and the car
shortage at Minneapolis retards movement
there of both wheat . and flour. Commission
houses bought and prices steadily advanced.
May opened &@%c up at 79%@79%c and
closed strong, %c up, at 80%c. ■
Corn had- a narrow and nervous market, with
but a small trade. Small receipts and the
wheat firmness caused a strong tone. May
closed firm. %c up, at 66%c.
Oats followed after corn and wheat. May
closed %c higher at 44%@45c.
Provisions were firm, considering the weak
ness of the hog market. The close was strong
in sympathy with grains, May pork 12%@15c
up, lard unchanged and ribs 5@7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 75% - 76% • 75*1 76%
May 79% 80% 79% 80%
July 79% 80% 79% 80%
Corn No. 2— ' ■ " .
December 63% 63% 63% 63%
May 66% 67 66% 66%
July 66% 66% 66 66%
Oats . No. 2 —
December 44% .44% 44 44%
May 45 V 45 44% 45
July 38% 38% . 88% 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl — •
January 16 22% 16 27% 16 12% 16 27%
May 16 52% 16 72% 16 72% 16 72%
Lard, per 1.00 lbs —
January 9 62% 0 67% 8 62% O 67%
May 9 65 9 72% 9 65 9 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 30 8 32% 8 27% 8 32%
May 8 47% 8 57% 8 47% 8 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 72<ai"6c; No. 2
red. 81<sr<S3%c; No. 2 oats, 46@48V6e; No. 2
white, 48V-1C; No. 3 white, 47%@48%c; No. 2
rye, 65@65%c; fair to choice malting barley,
59<£f>2c; No. l.flaxseed, $1 58; No. 1 North
western, $1 59; prime timothy seed, $6 65;
mess pork, per bbl, $15 15@15 25; lard, per 100
lbs. ?9 C5®9 67%: short ribs j sides (loose),
$S 2S(g;S 40; drr salted shoulders (boxed). 7%
@7%c; short clear sides (boxed). $8 6508 75:
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32; clover,
contract grade, $9 40. • • - -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 29.000
Wheat, busheU 6+.000 12,000
Corn, bushels 72.000 05,000
Oats, bushels 152,000 215.000.
Rye. bushels 13.000 9,000
Barley, bushels ....66,000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was firm; creameries, 15@24c; dairies.
4(fr20c. Cheese, firm, 9%@10-%c. Eggs, firm;
Iresh. 2Sc. • ■
Foreign Futures:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . March. May.
Opening 6 1% ': 6 2%
Closing 6 2% 6 3
PARIS. ■
Wheat — . Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening .'......2180 22 SO
Closing ..2180 22 80
Flour— . ' . •.
Opening 27 70 28 70
•Closing :........27 70 28 70
New York Metal Market.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 20.— The New York metal
market jj was demoralized/ Spot tin l@l%c
lower' and closed weak. Local prices for cop
per are nominally unchanged, but the market
has no- snap. The. chief disturbing element
came from .London, owing, to heavy declines
there in prices i for .both . tin and copper. ; The
Glasgow plglron market 'was decidedly lower.
These declines and the ' resultant demoraliza
tion, came about through, the failure . of Wil
liam Sargent & Co.. the. firm being long 2000
tons of copper and also long on tin. 'The clos
ing prices of tin in London were .£5 5s lower
than they .closed yesterday. This closed spot
at. £101 5s and futures at £100 10s. The New
York market. could not stand this demoraliza
tion and prices broke l@l%c a pound, closing
at . $22 50 - bid and $23 > asked, - weak and • un
settled. - . ; - '. ■-■■ ■'• ' :
Copper was nominally unchanged here at 13c
for ■■ lake. 12%o for electrolytic and ■ 12 %c for
casting. - At London .there , was a-, nervous and
much lower market, although toward the close
prices rallied, a- little, .but the net -* loss , was
17a r Cd for spot 'and 10s • for ' futures, closing
respectively at £48 12s Od and £49.
. . Lead was quiet but unchanged here at $4
London closed at £10 3s 9d, a decline of Is 9d.
* Spelter closed ;weak; here but, unchanged at
$4 45 and London closed unchanged at >£ 17. •
■-. Plgiron . warrants were : 7s : 3d lower at Glas
gow. . closing . at ; 48s 9d, -'but Middlesboro was
unchanged at: 43s 9d. . Hero the* market was
quiet and unchanged. > Plglron warrants. $10 50
©II 1 60; '= No. I Northern > foundry, . $15 60@18 ;
No. 2 foundry, Southern, $14 60015 80; No.
1 foundry, Southern, $15 50®16; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, $15@17. '. ?.-:;, .■'-
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— Cotton closed 3®7
points higher. —.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dee/ 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000, including 200 Texans; very dull at late
decline of 40c to 60c. Good to prime, $6@7 25;
poor to medium, $3 70@5 80; stockers and
feeders. $2@4; cows. $1@4 50; heifers. $1 50®
5 25; canners', $1@2; bulls, $1 75@4 25; calves.
$2 60@6; Texas fed steers. $4 25@5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
27,000; slow, 15@25c lower than yesterday
morning. Mixed and butchers', $5 75@6 30;
good to choice heavy, $6 10@6 55; rough heavy,
$5 80@6; bulk of sales. $5 75@6 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000: sheep slow, 10®15c
lower; lambs, 2oc lower. Good to choice
wethers, $3 65@4 25; fair to choice mixed,
$2 60@3 40; Western sheep. $3@4 25: native
lambs, $2 50@5 25; Western lambs, $4gr».
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. 20.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1700; 10@15c lower. Natives, $2@7:
cows and heifers, $1 75@5; bulls and stags.
$1 75@4 85; veals, $2 50@5 25; stockers and
feeders, $2(&4. .
HOGS— Receipts, 11.300; 15@23c lower. Light
and light mixed, $5 25<3>6 25; medium and
heavy, $5 60®6 45; pigs. $3@4 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 700; dull, steady.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Of.. Dec. 20.— Clearings, $364.
550; balances, $48,098. "•
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Steady,
with an upward tendency. Light sales are" re
ported, as holders will not drop the ruling
figures. Walla Walla, 69%@60c; valley, 60c;
blue stem, 61c.
Cleared— Bark Olivia, for Queenstown, with
73.099 bushels of wheat; bark Schiller, with
63.407 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Blue stem. 60c; club, o9c.
The Italian steamship Lulgi Clampa, cleared
to-d&y with 85,007 bushels of wheat for St.
Vincent.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— Consols, 04 3-16; silver,
25 9-16d; French rentes, 100f SBc; wheat car
goes on passage, rather easier; No. 1 standard
California, SOs; Walla Walla, 20s 10%d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 20.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, Cs 4d@6s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, weak; Hour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull; weather in England,
frosty.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-82d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 20.— Hops at London
(Pacific Coast), steady; £3 3s to £3 13s.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.'.. — *$4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight... — 07%
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — . 10
Silver, per ounce 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... — 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm and
Paris futures were weak.' Argentine crop was
reported in good condition, the weather being
favorable.
Chicago was several fractions higher, but
the crowd fought the advance. Strength and
activity increased. Interior winter wheat mills
in all directions were drawing on market cen
ters at stiff prices. The .seaboard reported
thirty-five loads for export.
In this market futures were; firmer, but spot
prices remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat — Shipping:, $1 02%; milling,
§1 O3%@1 06% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 12,000
ctls, $1 0G%.
Second Session — May— 8000 ctls. $1 06%; 16,
000 $1 06%. December— 2000, $1 03. Decem
ber. 1902—2000. $1 09%; 2000. $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 18,000 ctls,
$1 06%. - •
Afternoon Session — May— 2000 ctls, $1 06%;
24,000, $1 06%. December, 1902—2000, $1 10;
8000. $1 09%; 2000. $1 09%.
BARLEY — Is steady at former prices.
Feed. 78%@80c for choice bright, 77%c for
No. '1 and 72%@75c for oft grades ; brewing and
shipping grades, 82%@85c; Chevalier, 80c@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.'
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No pales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, 79%e.
OATS — The market rules firm at unchanged
quotations.
Grays. $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed; whites, $1 -15@1 80; Surprise, $1 30®
1 35; black, $1@1 12% for feed and $1 15®
1 22% for seed; red. $1 12%@1 20 per ctl lor
feed and $1 25@1 37% for seed.
CORN — The market continues inactive and
unchanged. Large Yellow, $1 350)1 37%: small
round do, $1 35@1 45; white, $1 25@1 42% per
cental.
RYE — 75@80c per cental.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 91 65 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs. ' .
FLOUR— California Family Extras, (3 250
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
*2 75@3 for Bakers';. Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual - discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4®4. 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ?6 85®
8 35; In sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Another advance of 50c In Bran Is noted.
Otherwise there Is nothing new in any de
scription. . ■ ■
BRAN— $17@17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 500*20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $1C@17 per
ton; Oilcake - Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing. $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, ?20®21; Corn
Meal. $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32:
Mixed Feed. $16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11: fancy, $11 50@12:
Wheat and Oat, $8@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley
and Oat. $7@9: Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Clover. ?6@7;
Volunteer, $5 50@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
'All descriptions are unchanged. Beans con
tinue: dull. -,.■' i .
BEANS — Bayos, $2 30@2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 S0@3; Pea, $3 50
<§>4; Pink, $1 8002 10; Red, $2,50@3; Black
eye. $3 50@3 60: Llmas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl. '
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax $2 40® 2 60- Ca
nary.- 3&®3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
; DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25@I 65; Green
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. ... .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue In good supply, but deal
ers are holding prices up. Ten cars of Salinas
Burbanks came In. and . three cars from Wat
sonville. One car of Merced Sweets arrived
Onions ' remain about the same. -
Los Angeles vegetables are arriving In good
condition, and receipts are light. "
POTATOES— 80c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks. $1 25@1 50; River Beds • $1 60-
Sweets.' $1 for .Merced. ' "
. ONIONS — 9 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50@2
(VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 9@12%c; String Beans from Los Angeles
12%@n%C' Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Toma
toes, 75c@$l; Los Angeles' Tomatoes, $1 25®
1 60 per box and $2 per crate; Dried Peppers
9@17%c per lb; Dried ' Okra, 12*4@20c per lb-
Carrots, 25@35c.per sack; Cucumbers. 25@5Oc'
Garlic, 1V4@2%«: Green Peppers. 35@50c per
box for Chile. and 35@50c for Bell; Egg Plant
from Los -Angeles, 12%@15c; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles. $1 25@2;: Marrowfat Squash
$5@8',per ton; Hubbard Squash. . $5@8; Mush
rooms are temporarily cleaned up.
Poultry and Game:
The Poultry . market has been in unusually
good shape all this week and prices have made
a . substantial . advance. Turkeys, - however,
ruled weak until- yesterday, when ,- the ." feel
ing improved under lighter arrivals. . Receipts
of dressed were 74 cases. There are three and
a half cars of Eastern dressed , reported on the
market, but' they are not being offered Just yet
Other kinds of Poultry continue firm, and ex
tra fine stock Is bringing over the quotations. '
Game was slightly lower, v Receipts were
120 sacks;. . i . ■..'•■/• . ■ ■ ' v - - -
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14@16c; Live
Turkeys, 12%®13%c for Gobbleraand 13®14e
for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75®2: Goslings.
$2©2 25; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $5®S
for young; Hens. $4 6O®5: young Roosters. $4 00
@5; old Roosters, $4 60@5; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $4@4 80 for "large and $3©4 for
small; Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs. . •
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1) Hare. $1 23;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $2®2 50; Canvasback. $1 50®3: Sprig.
$1 50@l 75; Teal, 75c@$l: Widgeon, $1; Small
Ducks. $1; Black Jack. $1; English Snipe. $2;
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese. $3: White Geese
$1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers. $3
©4 00. -:>iV,
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The exchange advanced Butter lc and Eggs
1%C and quoted both firm. In the open mar
ket the feeling was equally strong, and both
Butter and Eggs were reported in moderate
stock, with a better demand for store Eggs.
The whole market, with the exception of
Cheese, which is laboring under liberal sup
plies, was reported in good shape for sellers.
Receipts were 25,300 pounds of Butter.
pounds of Eastern Butter, 375 caws of Eggs,
case* of Eastern Eggs. 6600 pounds of
California Cheese and 21,240 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 20@23c for seconds: dairy, 17%@22c;
store Butter. 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll. lS@19c; Keg. 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c: old. 10%@ll%c; Young
, America, 13c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch, 34@35c for selected large.
31@33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair:
store, 24@27%c per dozen; cold storage. 20®
25c; Eastern. 20@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned aa fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 40(31 S5; choice do,
$1 35; standard do. r>Oc@$l 20; Seedlings, 40®
60c. A car of Lemons sold at $2 03 for fancy.
$1 35@1 60 for choice and P3c@Jl 25 for stand
ard.
Grape Fruit is higher and large-sized fruit
is firm. Mandarins and Tangerines are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 5001 75 per box for extra. 75c
C$1 25 for good to choice and 25® 60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $l<g'l 25.
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c©$2 60 per box.
QUINCES— 40@50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 20050c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10®ll per bar
rel ; Coos Bay. $2 00©2 73 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c©$l
for standards, $ljj 1 23 for choice and $1 00(32
for fancy: Seedlings, 73cQ$l 23: Tangerines,
75c®$l; Japanese Mandarins. T.vtf$l; Lemons,
fiOrdi'S 1 for common and $1 50(82 for good to
choice, and $2 60©3 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1
©3: Mexican I.lmes. $ -t tf * 50; Bananas, $1 75"$
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c®$l 73
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3tfl per doxen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
According to private advices received from
San Francisco by the New York Journal of.
Commerce the stock of leading fruits, crop of
1001, still left in California, is approximately
as follows: Evaporated Apples, 850 tons, out
of a crop of 2000 tons; Peaches, 2750 tons, out
of a crop of 10,000; Apricots, 600 tons, out of.
a crop of 4500 tons; Prunes, 4000 toils, out of.
a crop of 30.000 tons. This exceptionally fine
showing' leads the dried fruit trade generally,
on both coasts, to aspect a firm market dur
ing the rest of the season, with stocks
cleaned up by the time the 1902 crop came
in. Certainly the market is in first-cla&s
shape, with the best December • business ever
known.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 7@8%c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c:
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears. 4®8c; Plums, pitted.
4%@6c; unpitted.l@2c; Nectarines, 6@5%c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 3@4c for
black and 3@3%c for white.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
SOLO'S, 5%@5%c; 40-60's, 4%@5%c; 50-6O*s.
4%@4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4%c; 70-80*8, 3%@3%c;
80-90's, 2%@3%c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. |2 50; fancy. (1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown 5%c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice seeded. 6%c; do In bulk, fancy, 6%c;
choice. 6%c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 9@10c; -Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell.
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell,
9@10c for softshell and 6<g)7c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts 12®
12%c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuta, $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c; light amber, extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX^-27%®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was firmer again at a slight advanc*.
This market showed no change, betagr only
moderately active.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50®23;
Mess, $1S C0@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%e per lb (or
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, ll&e: 10-lb tins. 12%c; 8-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. OTic; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides] Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops are quoted firm by local merchants,
who are asking 15c for the best, second hand
prices. They report nine-tenths of the coast
crop sold and the few growers who have not
yet sold are holding for higher prices. Tho
demand is active.
Wool and Hides remain as before quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%o for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 0%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@60c each; medium, 60® 85c; long
Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium.
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c ; . medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901 — Southern, de
4%@5c; grease, 3c.
fective, 1 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15%e; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good.
9@llc; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall — San Joaquln. 6®8c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
. em Mountain, free, 9@10c; do, defective, SgDo
per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c lor fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The feeling In everything continues firm, with
prospects of a further advance, stocks of all
kinds being moderate.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7%@8tfc for Steers and 6%@7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8%c; small. 8@10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S%c; Ewes. 7%<8&c
per lb.
. LAMB — 9®9%c per lb. -V*
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs 6%c
under 150 lbs, 6%@5%c; sows, 20 per cent off;
boars, 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7@8%c
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; "Wool Bags,
o2@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton^ Southfleld
Wellington. 59; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $8 50; co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15-
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In balk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and JS 50 per ton. according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says:. "During the week
there have been four coal arrivals from Brit
ish Columbia. 16,559 tons; six from Washing
ton. 12,332 tons: one from Australia', 2J00 tona
total. 31.191 tons. If the deliveries continue
as at present there will be ample fuel for all
immediate requirements. Although It was sud
posed that the accidents to. and closing uo
of, some of- the British Columbia collieries
would cause a brisk demand for coal through
other sources, no evidence of this is at present
apparent. Values are unchanged for our coast
products, and prices have declined somewhat
for colonial grades now afloat and for load
ing. Fuel oil is still seeking buyers at^ex
tremely low figures, certainly 25 per cent ' be
low Us actual value. The present schedule
of oil values will. not prevail in 1902 as with
coal only as a competitor, consumers can well
afford to pay much higher prices, and as thev
have already adapted their machinery to th»
use of oil there is little fear of their chang
ing back, even if oil was marked ud to 60
per cent over the present asking price Ans
trallan coal freights are very low eleven
shillings being the asking price; there are
thtrty-three vessels on the chartered list all
to carry- coal; some of these may not arrive
before May next. Swansea coals have been
marked up four shillings per : ton this month
as the demand locally is very brisk;. there are
thirteen cargoes now on the way hercthrec-
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING-OUT SALE
fe> ' of fe>
Yendome Stock Farm
Trotting Stock
(Property of James W. Rea. San Jose),
Including Magnificent Mares by
IRAN ALTO. 2:12&; BOODLE. 2:12%; GXTT
WILKES. 2:15V,; DIRECTOR. 2:17; NUT-
WOOD. 2:18; ANTINOUS. 2:2S%; Etc.
In Foal to
McKINNEY. 2:11% and IRAN ALTO. 2:12V;.
Geldings and mares with trotting records, and
all In all It Is the finest collection ever offered
by auction In this city.
Sale Takes Place
THIS DAY,
SATURDAY, Dec. 21st,
Commencing at 11 A. M.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 Howard street, near Third.
WM. G. LATNO, Live Stock Auctioneer.
(Tataloonies readv. Horses at Exchanire.
fourths of which will be utilized for gas pro
ducing, conjunctive with crude oil.
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20: Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
65c; raw, 63c: cases, 5c more; Lucol. 56c (or
boiled and 04c for raw In barrels;- Lard Oti,
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 03e;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neat sf on t.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@43c per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, «3%c for Ceylon and BS%c tor
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 23o: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c: In
cases. 21%~; Benzine. In bulk, 14c; In case*.
20%c; 8«-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; in
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE— C3%e per gallon tn ca5e»
and f>-2 In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. BSfV;
Powdered. 0.13c: Candy Granulated. B.tSc:
Dry Granulated. 5.03c; Confectioner"' Ai 5.0,V;
Fruit Granulated. 0.05c: Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.05c: Magnolia A. 4.«5c; Extr*
C. 4.55e: Golden C. 4.43e; D. 4S3c; barrels. lOo
more; half-barrels. 23c more: boxes. BOc mow:
0O-lb bugs. 10c more. I'o orders taken for less
than 70 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
ha If -barrels. 0.05c; boxes, 5.80o per lb.
SALMON— According to a local trade Journal
the Puget Sound pack of the- Alaska Packer*'
Association is placed by that company at 311.
800 casea. as compared with 161.000 cases la«t
year. Th* association's Alaska pack ts dlvtded
as follows: Tails — King*, 13,933; red Alaska,
767,270: medium red. 17.324: pinks. 132,216;
two-pound kings, 2305: flats — Kings, 5243; mak
ing a total of 95S.594. against 030.7S1 last
year.
The salmon market to at present quiet, with 1
llttla doing In spot goods. The first sale of
red Alaska, 1902. haa been reported — 12.000
cases at the opening price. There has been
a good movement of salted salmon from th»
north of Japan, where the stock can be latd
down at lower prices ■ than the native flsh.
The P. P. and N. Co.'s prices In New Torlt
are on the basis of 95e for red Alaska, $1 10
for Puget Sound sockeyes and $1 S3 for Colum
bia River chinooks, t. o. b. Pacific Coast; cash,
less Hi per cent. Barreled salmon la scarce
and firm.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 20.
Flour, qr sks....l6,478 Straw, tons .... 8
Wheat, ctls .... 1.135 Lime, bbls 91
Barley, ctls 8.600 Wine, gals 69,700
Beans, sks 2.300 Wool, sk 1
Oats, ctls 1,950 Leather, rolls ... 65
Corn., ctla 730 Hides, No 390
Potatoes, sks ... 3.470 Pelts, bdls 71
Onions, sks 23 Tallow, ctla .... 223
Bran, sks 3,525 Sugar, ctls 9.461
Middlings, sks .. 2,909 Brandy, gals ... 4,000
Hay, tons, 197 Chicory, bbls ... 25
OREGON.
Oats, ctl 1,230)
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Meats have followed the wholesale market
up and are higher. Beef. Mutton, Lamb and
Veal being the principal sorts affected.
Butter is also rather dearer again, owing
largely to the late cold snap. Eggs remain
about the same.
The summer fruits and vegetables are almost
gone and Apples and Oranges now comprise
the more Important varieties in th» market,
though small quantities of other fruits are
occasionally seen here and there.
Summer vegetables from nearby points ar»
disappearing. The supply from th» southern
part of the State, which generally supplies this
market durtng th« winter months, may be con
siderably reduced this season, as the. recent
freeze down south did a great deal of damago
to Green Peas. String Beans and Tomatoes.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @13 001 Southfleld
Wellington @11 00' Wellington $ 11 00
Seattle @ 9 00 Coos Bay... <Q 1 00
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice. sq50<355 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 40@45 dozen 33«40
Packed, per lb..25t>— Eastern Eggs &30
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Honey Comb per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17®20 pound 134T2O
Cheese. Swiss... .2O#33 Do. extracted.. 8S1O
Common Eggs... — @30
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 14®18 Round Steak.. 10<&12%"
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak. ...12(315
Do, good 10© — Tenderloin do 15©17
Corned Beef 10® — Porterhouse da!7%@20
Ham 15@17 Smoked Beef... 17@">O
Lard — @15 Pork, gait 10012%
Mutton 10@ll Pork Chops.... /!—ffli3
Lamb — @12 Pork Sausages.lS^ei.i
Pork, fresh 15® — Veal ..12@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@75 Hare, each — 4220
Young Roosters, EngUsh Snipe. ■ 5
each 65c<S$l per dozen... J3 OOffl— I
Old Roosters, ea.50<363 Jack Snipe.... Si 75^—
Fryers, each 50® 65 1 Mallard, pr Bo@75
Broilers, each. ..50@65 Canvasback. pr..50®73
Turkeys, per lb. 15(320 Sprig, per pair. .50® —
Ducks, each 75c®$l Teal, per pair. ..25035 .
Geese, each.$l 50-ffil 75 Widgeon, pair. . ,3S©5O
Pigeons, pair 40@5O Small Duck, pr. .25®
Squabs, per pair.— @30 Wild Geese, per
Doves, per dz.— @$1 25 pair 75c@$l 00
Rabbits. each...l5@20 Brant, each 23@35
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears, * iGrapes. per lb. .8®12i4
each 231250 Limes, dozen.... — @1O
Almonds 15@2O Lemons, dozen . . 20^30
Apples 3@ 5 Oranges, doz 20@0O
Pecans — @20 Pears. Ib.......8i312%
Brazil Nuts 20@ — Pineapples. ea M .30®5i>
Bananas, doz. . ..15(5:25 Persimmons, doz — ®2O
Blackberries, dr. — @ — Quinces, per lb.. 3<S> 5
Cranberries, qt.. — @15»Raisii\s. per lb. . 5<Sl5
Cocoanuts. each. — © 10 1 Raspberries, dwr — @«—
Chestnuts, per lb.l5(fi20: Strawberries, per
Dried Figs, pr lb — @10 drawer — <§— .
Grape Fruit, per Walnuts, pr lb.l2U@i5
dozen 75c@$l 00l
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz$l®l 50 Okra. dried. lt». . — @40
Beets, dozen 10@ — Potatoes, pr lb. 2U*J%
Beans, white, lb. 6@— Parsnips, per ds.lO@—
Colored, per lb. 5® — Rhubarb 10@i2%
Dried Lima. lb. 6® 8 Radishes, .dozen
Green Lima, lb — @ — bunches 15S20
Cabbage, each... 5@ — Sweet Potatoes,
Celery, head 5<8) — per lb 2t> 3
Cress, dz bnchs . . 2O®30 Sage, floz bnchs.23@3O
Cucumbers, doz.20®23 String Beans, per
Egg Plant, lb 20® — pound . .•. 13@20
Garlic 4® 6 Summer Squash,
Green Peas. lb... — ©15 per pound — <§t."
Green Peppers.Ib 6®10 Sprouts, per lb... 6@ S
Lettuce, per doz.l5i©20 Spinach, per lb. . 5® —
Leeks, d* bchs . . 1 5S2O Thyme, dz bch3.25^.'!0
Mushrooms, lb. ..50@73 Turnips, per doz.lOifJ —
Onions, per lb.2i,i®;{% Tomatoes, per lb.lSS^-^
Fish— > Ut
Carp — 0 SiSea Bass — ® —
Catfish 12%® — ISmelts 12%©15
Codfish 12S15 Soles 8®1O
Flounders — @10 Skates each 8@1O
Halibut 12V>®15 Squid — @— -
Herring 8@— Tomcod 12%<815
Mackerel 15@— Turbot 15@25
Do, horse 10® — Trout (9 —
Perch 8© 10 Brook Trout — <f$ —
Pomplno 50@75 Whlteflsh 10® —
Rockcod 12%^15 Clams, gallon. ...50® —
Rockfish 10@12U Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh... — @15 per pound 8310
Do. smoked 15(925] Crawfish 8@10
Sardines 10® — Crabs, each. . .12%tfn.1
Shrimps — <P1O Mussels, quart... — © «
Shad 10(8 — Oysters. Cal, 100.40<35O
Striped Baa3...12%@15 Do, Eastern.dz.25@40
STOCK MARKET. .
. Stocks were neglected on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. There were sev
eral bond sales. The market was of a holt
day character. '
The afternoon made up the deficiencies of
the morning by a better business, with con
siderable fluctuation. Alaska Packers' soared
up to ?170 and California Wine was higher at
$88. Spring Valley Water was lower at $stS 75
©$S7 5O. and Gas and Electric at $44043 75. 1_A
There was more animation in tne oil stock3.
as will be seen by the list of sales.
The following were ex-dividend yesterdat:
Home Oil, 7%c; Spring Valley Water Com
pany. 42c per share, amounting to $38,000;
California Fruit Canners' Association, regular
ly monthly. «Oc per share, amounting to $ 12'.).-
Continued on Page Thirteen,BRIGHT PUPILS
RECEIVE MEDALS
Boys and Girls of the
Grammar Schools Are
Graduated.
Last Day of the Term Is
Celebrated With Appro
priate Exercises.
The grammar school days of a large
number of bright boys and girls came to
a close yesterday. At all the sch ols rit
t:ng exercises were held in commemora
tion of graduation day.
At the graduating exercises of the
iring M. Scott Grammar School yester
d&y Superintendent of Scnools Webster
presented thi» school with a silk banner
as the second highest honors for the
s-howing made in the exercises held by
the various schools at Glen Park May
.iay. Eight young ladies graduated. Miss
Lthel Jeans, the youngest scholar in the
olass, graduated with the highest honors
and was presented with a silver medal,
her lowest percentage during the entlte
term being S5. There were several red
lations by the members of the graduating
class and songs by the entire school.
Superintendent Webster paid a hlx'a
compliment to Miss Jeans for graduating
at the head of the class, which he said
to his personal knowledge contained lh~
brighest pupils of any of the numerous
classes graduating.
The following programme was ren
dered:
Song. ' 'Four-Leafed Clover," class; recita
tion. Arthur Earoes; recitation, Emma King;
* >ng, "Maryland, My Maryland." class; reci
tation. Ethel Jeans; song, "Star-Spangled
banner," class; recitation. Katrlna Rasmussen;
s.-ng. "Absenc-p." class: recitation. Amy Wil
liams: recitation. Annie O'Donnell; song, Amy
'iHliams.
Hancock Grammar School.
At the gradual ion exercises wh!ch were
held yesterday morning at the Hancock
Grammar School seventeen pupils were
awarded diplomas. In the exercises,
which consisted of recitations, vocal and
instrumental music, the pupils acquitted
themselves in a pleasing manner. Deputy
Superintendent L». A. Gordan presented
the diplomas and the Bridge and Denman
•sedals.
list of graduates is as follows:
Matias Garcia. Bridge medal; Xorma Scal
jr.anini. Denman medal; Wanda Konlng. Den
man medal; Edna Molinarl, Grace Wegener.
Alice Arps, Antonio Podeeta, William Day.
Nellie I^cer. Leonore Gimmel, Eleie HafEord.
Nellie Thomas. Milton Clarke. Annie Klinker.
Sophie Beckmann, Katie Brady and EUen
The programme rendered was as fol
lows:
Dialogue, "The Everlasting Taiker," Misses
Zoning. Marslll, Arps. Haftord and Gimmel;
vocal eolo. Miss L. Johnson; Instrumental solo.
Master Garcia; song. Miss A. Snooke; recita
tion. Miss E. Hafford; sonc. Misses Marsilt,
Arps, Mltrcpolsky and Koning; piano solo,
Matter M. ClsCrke; song. Miss M. Bunn; ptano
•iuet. Ml*s Marsili and Miss Koaing; song.
Miss I. Cuneo; valedictory. Miss N. Scal
manini.
Remarks were made by C. W. Moores,
vice principal and teacher of the class.
;;nd by M. E. Blanchard, Ph.D., principal
■ if the Echool.
Horace Mann Grammar School.
The pupils of the Horace Mann Gram
roar School presented a very interesting
programme at the graduating exercises
held yesterday. It was as follows:
Piano duet. Bessie Greer and Lillian Korcer;
ciass sons. "Anchored"; recitation, "The Ar
senal of Springfield," Glendora Pedlar; piano
t-olo. Ida Shaughnessy; recitation. "Love of
Country." Wili Bradbury: class song, "Distant
<?himes"; recitation, 'Ode to a Water Fowl."
Flora Bagley; song. Will Crowley; composi
tion. "Education," Susie Cohelan; presentation
>jL' tfiplomas.
The pupils who graduated are:
Flora* Baeley,' Ida Bennett, Lulu ' -Boa rnian;
Gertrude Carroll. Elizabeth Clark, Susie Co
hc-lan Una Craig. Ethel Crane. Claire Fahren
holtz, Lillian Gianoti. Bessie Greer. Olga Han
wn, Marcelia Hogan, Lora Kimberley, Eva
l-amcut. Alice Magill. Mabel McCraith. Blanche
Iravey. Glendora Pedlar, Louise Scharenberg,
kt\a. Shauehnessv, Gussie Spamer. .Pauline Ver
meil Rae Walters. Fred Bars. Will Bradbury.
Will Crowley, Frank Ewing, Clyde Lemon,
F-ar.k Lyons, Jack Monahan, James Powers.
The pupils of the Humboldt Evening
Ii*gh School, on Golden Gate avenue, be
tween Leavenworth and Hyde street?,
met In the assembly hail to hold their
closing exercises, which were of an in
teresting and entertaining nature. Among
those -who took part were Edward Hem
mer. James Rogers. Walter Laufenberg.
John LeCCman, Wallace Boroughs and
L*mis Glenn Davidson. The evening's en
tertainment closed with a. debate for the
purpose of deciding who are to represent
the school In the debate for the cham
pionship of the Debating League of
Northern California. The cup offered by
Stanford University is now held by this
tchool. Those participating in the debate
were George Presley, Thomas Forsyth,
James Rogers, Joseph Cresse. A. B. Eb
uer and Noah Gyle. The speakers chosen
were George Presley, Joseph Cresse and
Thomas Forsyth. The subject for the
coming debate -between this school and
J^odi, which will take place In January. Is
"Resolved, That Labor Unions Are Detri
mental to the Welfare of the United
States."
The graduating exercises of the eighth
13 fiTade of the Everett School were held
in their classroom on Friday afternoon,
when the following programme was ren
dered: "Star-Spangled Banner" sung by
the class; vocal solo by Alice Kull;
piano duet by Alice Gaffney and Alma
Krall: recitation by Eva Smith; vocal
duet by Emma and Walter EHilfer; reci
tation. "Nellie's Pri»jrer." Hazel Hornleln;
recitation in dialect by Norman Morgan. A
farce entitled "In for a Holiday" was well
presented by Fred Cuthbertson. Norman
Morgan. Walter Hood and the Misses
I2v-a Smith. Hazel Hornleln and Emma
I>ulfer. At the conclusion of the exer
rises S. Sturges. in a few well-timed re
marks, distributed the diplomas to the
following graduates: Eva Smith. Emma
Dulfer. Alma Krall. Arthur Attiidge,
Alice Gaffney. Adam Sauer. Pearl Allen,
Vnnie Wiebusch, Hazel Hornlein. Walter
Hood. Marie Franck. Hazel de Guerre.
L.Ulle McKee, John Brown, Willie Hand
los. Norman Morgan, Amy Eggers and
Alice Kull. The medals were awarded by
Mrs. Banning, the principal, as follows:
Denman medals to Eva Smith and Emma
Dulfer; Bridge medal to Arthur Attridge.
Bids Beceived for Street Work.
The Board of Public Works received
bids yesterday for the repavlng of Bush
street, between Sansome and Battery,
from the Union Paving Company for
SJ563 66. and Flinn & Treaty $1616 03. For
the repavtng of Post street, between
Hyde and Leavenworth, the Union Pav
ing Company bid $3336 62, and Flinn &
WTreacy $3399 96. For the repaving of
-r/ourtn street, between Harrison and
Bryant, Williams, Belscr & Co. bid JG300 75
and Flynn & Treacy $6233 52. Bids will bo
awarded to-day.
"Vasco Pelota" at Central Park.
The games of "Vasco Pelota," which
are scheduled to be played this afternoon
and to-morrow afternoon at the Eder Jai,
<~>ntral Park, are attracting considerable
interest. The entire staff of eighteen play
ers will compete in the contests and the
leading athletes of the city will be present
to witness the eport. Four hundred Olym
pic Club members have engaged seats for
the- Sunday exhibitions. "Vasco Pelota"
is rousing the interest of the public
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears'
Soap? )
Sold all orer the world.
FIGHTING TONGS
READY FOR WAR
Break Agreement and
Are Anxious to Open
Hostilities.
Pin Kong Men Fire Bomb in
Defiance of Members of
Four Families.
The fighting tongs of Chinatown are
again on the warpath. Despite the an
nouncement that the Four Families and
the Pin Kong Tong had agreed to call off
their differences and . fcury the hatchet,
both sides are armed to tho teeth and
ready to do battle.
The trouble is over the failure of both
tongs to abide by the agreement which
they signed about a week ago. The Four
Families claim that the Pin Kong Tong
people have not lived up to the agree
ment, Inasmuch as they have failed to
settle with the families of the men whom
they have murdered. Late Thursday
nlg.it the two rival factions met and en
deavored to coma to some understanding.
The Four Families insisted that the Pin
Kong Tong should abide by the peace
terms, mailing it imperative on either
Bide that the families of their victims
should be given a. certain amount of
money. Tne Pin Kong Tong people
claimed that they were unable to pay
the demands, and war was formally de
clared. The agreement which both fac
tions signed was then destroyed and the
renewal of hostilities announced.
Had it not been for the presence of a
special watchman named Jim Meyers a
bloody battle would have ensued. Antici
pating serious trouble after the Four
Families had destroyed the agreement
between the factions. Meyers hustled the
pun fighters out of the " meeting place
after depriving a number of them of their
weapons.
The Pin Kong Tons shortly afterward
called a special meeting of its own peo
ple and the trouble with the Four Fami
lies was discussed. After a long session
it was decided to give battle to the Four
Families, and, following the usual cus
tom of the Chinese in case of war be
tween tongs, a large bomb was exploded
from the headquarters of the Pin Kong
Tong, which was intended to notify their
friends and sympathizers that the war
with the Four Families was on.
In view of serious trouble Captain Sey
mour has detailed Detectives McMahon
and Gibson to keep a strict watch on the
warring tongs and to prevent further
bloodshed If possible. Late 5'esterday aft
ernoon McMahon arrested a Pin Kong 1
Tong man for carrying concealed weap
ons. He was found on Jackson street
wiiii a revolver and a long knife hidden
in his blouse.
BOWHAYS SETTLE TH KTB
MARITAL- DIFFERENCES
Ladies' Tailor and Spouse Decide to
Abandon Proceedings in Di
vorce Court.
Margaret May Bowhay and Alfred L.
Bowhay have decided to abandon their
proceedings in the divorce court. Van R.
Patterson, attorney for Mrs. Bowhay, ap
peared before Judge Sloss yesterday and
withdrew his motion for alimony and pe
tition for an order restraining Bowhay
from visiting the ladies' tailoring estab
lishment conflucted by them previous to
the institution by Mrs. Bowhay of divorce
proceedings. Patterson intimated that
the couple hod settled their difficulties
and were about to enter into a second
honeymoon. .
Judge Graham issued an order yester
day directing Louis Arzur, proprietor of
the Ferry cafe, to pay to his wife. Jan^t
Arzur. $25 a month while the suit for
maintenance she instituted is pending.'
Minnie L. Christopher was granted a
divorce from John Francis Christopher by
Judge Hunt yesterday. The couple were
married at Los Angeles in November.
1S9S. The couple did not appear in court,
and Judge Hunt granved the divorce en
the report of Court Commissioner Thomas
Mulvey, who acted as referee. Christo
pher is a drug clerk. His former wife
accused him of treating her cruelly since
May, 1S55. They resided at 411 Van Ness
avenue. •
A decree of divorce was also granted to
Rosa J. Probst from Henry B. Probst
for crpelty.
The marriage of Virginia Shippee to
James H. Shippee was annulled by Judge
Kerrigan yesterday. The former Mrs.
Shippee testitfied that after her marriase
to Shippee at San Rafael In August. 1&&9.
she learned that he had another wife liv
ing.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Mary Challiol against Edward Chal
liol for cruelty. Minnie Bickerstaff against
Joseph Bickerstaff for cruelty, Susan J.
Clark asramst Thomas J. Clark for cruel
ty and Minnie E. Bicknell against George
Licknell 'or cruelty.
MBS. W. C. CTJRTTS WAS
NOT GTJTXTTT OF THEFT
Hale Bros. Acknowledge the Injus
tice Done Lady Who Was Charged
With Shoplifting.
Mrs. \V. C. Curtis, the lady who was
charged with shoplifting by a detective
in the employ of Hale Bros., was com
pletely vindicated In court yesterday af
ternoon. Messrs. Campbell, Metson &
Campbell, attorneys for the well-known
dry goods house, signed a statement re
futing the charge against her. This docu
ment was read to Judge Conlan and then
filed. The charge was dismissed. The
statement is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 20. 1001.
To the Honorable Police Court, Department
No. 2, and Hon. Charles T. Conlan, Judge
thereof. City Hall, city — Dear Sir: Having
been employed in the prosecution of this case.
Browing out of the arrest of the defendant,
Mrs. W. C. Curtis, on Saturday. December 7,
11MH by a detective in the employ of Hale
Bros"., doing a retail business at 797 Mar
ket street, San Francisco, would say:
That when the lady was arrested at the coun
ter in the store she had in her hand a new
purse, bearing a tag not yet removed, with
which she seemed to be makin? away, and
another purse was lying on the floor near by;
and when charged with stealing, owing prob
ably to fright or embarrassment regarding the
charge of taking a r.urfe from the store of
Hale Bros, refused to state her name, resi
dence or condition in life or the names of any
of her relatives or friends, all of which seemed
to us at the time to point to the fact that she
was a professional shoplifter. Subsequent in
vestigation Into the matter has convinced us
that the lady's standing and her antecedents
were of the best and that the purse which she
had in her hand with the tag on was her
purse cr.d did net belong to Hale Bros, and
was unlike any purse they had in their store,
and which purse has been this day returned to
her.
Evidently an unfortunate mistake has been
made, and In Justice to all parties concerned
v:«? make this statement and move the court
to dismiss the chargfi.
Lincoln Memorial League.
At a recent meeting of the Lincoln
Memorial League the offer of the Cald
well College of Oratory and Acting to
give a benefit performance on Christmas
for the fund was accepted and the fol
lowing committee was appointed: Charles
Edleman. chaJrman; W. W. Stone.
Charles Thurston, Dr. Bradley Plymire
and F. Cook Cowell. This committee is
meeting daily and has practically con
cluded all the details for the proposed en
tertainment.
The performances are to be given on
Christmas day and Christmas night at
Odd Fellows" Hall.
Ban Away From San Jose.
The girl who gave the name of May
Taylor when arrested by the police Thurs
day morning in her room, 933 Mission
street, from tho window of which Con
rad Kemp, the quarryman from Arizona,
fell to his death Wednesday night, was
identified yesterday morning as Welburg
G. Martin. She is wanted, in San Jose
on a charge of vagrancy on complaint of
her father. She ran away from
about a month ago and came to the city
with Ella Alvord, who Is now awaiting
trial in San Jose on a felony charge for
abducting her. The police have been un
able to find the owner of the burglar's
tools found in her room.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
TUNNEL SCHEME
NOT PRACTICAL
Boring Into Telegraph
Hill Is Opposed by
Merchants.
Supervisors' Joint Committee
Acts on Weighty
Measures.
•Various matters of p.ublic Interest which
It is proposed to submit to the popular
vote at tho coming election were consid
ered at a joint meeting of the committees
oi: Public Utilities and Judiciary of tho
Board of Supervisors yesterday. There
were present Supervisors Reed, Comte,
Tobin, Connor, Jennings and Braunhart,
Mayor Phelan, ex-Mayor E. B. Pond,
Prank J. Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, and a number of
members of that organization.
The proposed plan of beautifying Tele
gisph Hill and tunneling it was consid
ered. The resolution before the commit
tee provides for raising funds for the ac
quisition of property on the hill by the
city and for the submission of the plan to
the electors. The Merchants' Association
was requested to instruct the cdmmlttee
as to Its views relative to tho matter and
President Symm.es said the hill ought to
be preserved. His organization was op
posed to the tunnel scheme, however, at
this time.
A long discussion then followed in which
Mayor Phelan, B. B. Pond and City En
gineer Grunsky took part. The tunnel
proposition was at length discarded by
the committee on motion of Connor, there
by cutting down the proposed bond issue
to the extent of $167,000.
The matter of cutting down the grade
of Sansome street across the hill was also
discussed. It was decided to postpone
action in this respect for another week.
The resolution to acquire property be
tween California, Pine and Dupont streets
and St. Mary's place for a park, to be
known as St. Mary's Square, was recom
mended for passage, notwithstanding the
opposition of the Merchants' Association,
wheih regarded the proposed' improvement
as unwise at the present time. As certain
real property will have to be acquired the
committee decided to make the sum need
ed for the Improvement $215,000 instead of
$123,000, as was first proposed. If this
proposition receives two-thirds of the vote
of the electors at the special election tha
present St. Mary's Square litigation will
be abandoned.
The proposition of setting aside $1,000,000
for the improvement of streets was ad
versely considered. President Symmcs
stated that no less than $250,000 should be
set aside each year for the repairs of ac
cepted streets. He remarked that the con
dition of the streets of this city was far
below the standard maintained by flrst
ciass cities. . /
A majority of the committee felt inclined
to favor the plan of petting aside each
jear a certain sum for the repairs of ac
cepted streets. The discussion resulted
In the rejection of the resolution to refer
the matter to the people for their approval
or rejection by the following vote:
■Ayes -Reed, Connor.
N'oo.s— Tobin, Comte, Jennings.
The Jtdiciary Committee met after the
adjournment of the joint committee and
transacted routine business.
WALSH SAVED FBOM .
BEING A CONVICT
Charge of Burglary Against Him Is
Reduced to Disturbing the
Peace.
John Walsh, a sailor, has been saved
frcm the disgrace of being an ex-con
vict through the kindness of Judge Law
lor. Just before the Judge left on his va
cation a jury in his court brought in a
verdict of guilty against Walsh on a
charge of burglary. His attorney at the
time remarked that if he had thought
for a moment the jury would convict
Walsh he would have asked that they ex
amine the place he was charged with fe
loniously entering.
Walsh was found in a room at 135 Fifth
•street on the night of July 29. It was
occupied by Mrs. Nesser, who ■was sick in
bed. The gas was turned on and WaJsh
had a small stick in his hand. He was
under the influence of liquor. When ar
rested he *aid he had "done time in Lon
don," but it turned out to be a drunken
man's boast.
The Judge, after Walsh's con%'iction, was
impressed by the remark of his attorney
and personally examined the premises.
He also wrote to Walsh's native place In
Wales and received replies that Walsh
had always borne an excellent character
and had never been in trouble.
A week ago Walsh's attorney moved for
a new trial, and when the case was called
yesterday the Judge said that, consider
ing all the circumstances, he did not be
lieve there was a felonious Intent, but as
a crime had been committed he left the
matter to be dealt with by the District
Attorney. Walsh was taken before Judge
Conlan on a charge of disturbing the
peace and was sentenced to five days in
jail. He has already spent five months
in jail.
COMPROMISE IS EFFECTED
BY THE HENARIE HEIRS
Executors of Estate of Divorced Wife
of Late Capitalist Accept
$40,000.
An order consenting .to the compromise
of the claim of the executors of the es
tate of Mary.B. Henarie against the es
tate of D. V. B. Henarie was made in
Department 9 of the Superior Court yes
terday. This settles the contest of the
will of the late capitalist that has beer,
waged in the courts for the last two
years. The sum agreed upon is $40,000.
Mrs. Henarie- was the divorced wife of
D. V. B. Henarie. After the will was pro
bated she petitioned the courts for a
revocation of Henarle's will, alleging that
she was entitled to the property. Her
claims were opposed on the ground that
when she secured a divorce she received
all of the property she was entitled to.
Failing to win this suit, she filed suits
for an accounting against E. S. Pillsbury
and L. D. Radgesky, executors of the
will, and then appealed to tho Supreme
Court from the decision rendered against
her in. her suit for the revoking of the
probate proceedings.
The suits and the appeal are still pend
ing, as Mrs. Henarie died before they
came up for trial. The compromise made
yesterday, however, disposes of the ac
tions, and in a. few days steps will be
taken to have them dismissed. ■-■•-
GALLAGHER'S GOOD LUCK
STILL FOLLOWS HIM
Acquitted for the Second Time Within
Six Months on Charge of
Burglary.
For the second time within six months
a jury in Judge Cook's court has acquit
ted Edward Gallagher, alias Yarrow, on
charges of burglary, much to the surprise
of the Police Department.
He was tried for breaking into the room
of Mrs. Kate Lombard at 120G Stockton
street on September 4 with a confederate
and stealing about 5800 worth of jewelry
The police thought they had a clear case
against him, but the jury, after deliberat
ing ' for about live hours, brought in n
verdict of not guilty.
On July 18 he was acquitted on a charge
of burglary for breaking into the resi
dence of Simon Doran, 1452 Franklin
street, on December 11 of last year He
was caught in the act by Doran's grand
daughter, but his sister testified that he
was in Portland at the time.
March 29, 1900, he was tried in the same
court on a charge of grand larceny but
the jury reduced the charge to petty lar
ceny and he- was sentenced to thrp*
months in the County Jail.
Pictures and Frames.
We have everything that is new in
good, moderate priced pictures and
frames suitable for Christmas presents
Call and see them at Sanborn, Vail &
Co.'s, 741 Market st ■ • •
DARING HOLD-UP
ON CLAY STREET
H>Oarrington Wilson Is
Robbed in Western
Addition.
Two Bold Highwaymen Re
lieve Him of His Money
and Jewelry. '
Two daring highwaymen held . up and
robbed H. Carrlngton Wilson In front of
his home at 1819 Clay street about 10
o'clock last night. The robbery was one
of the boldest that has occurred in some
time. The daring knights of the high
way secured about three hundred dollars'
worth of Jewelry and ten dollars In cash
and escaped.' .. '.,
"Wilson, who is well known in local
musical circles, was about to walk up a
short flight of stepa that lead to the front
door of his home when the footpads
swung around Clay street from Van Ness
avenue, where they had beon probably
lying in wait In front of the Spreckles
mansion. Wilson waa attracted by some
remark which one of the men made and
as he turned around he heard. one of the
robbers say, "Go get him, he'll do."
The next moment Wilson was looking
down the glistening barrel of aM-evolver
and the man who held th,e pistol thun
dered out, "Throw up your hands."
Wison thought for a moment that it
was a joke, but when the highwayman
shoved the pistol so close to bis nose that
ho could detect the odor of the oil on the
cartridges he threw up his hands.
The other robber then rifled Wilson's
pockets and took everything that was ne
gotiable. He secured $10, all the money
Wilson had on him. and then turned his
attention to Wilson's gold watch and
chain, which he took wUh as good frace
as if it belonged to him. The man who
searched Wilson forgot to take his dia
mond ring and his "pal," who had Wilson
covered with the revolver, promptly
called his attention to the oversight. The
Ting was quickly removed from Wilson's
finger. The robber next removed Wilson's
gold rimmed spectacles, but his compan
ion advised him to give them back, re
marking that they were not worth much.
While the thieves were going through
Wilson he was perfectly cool. When they
took his silver cigarette case inscribed
with the initials, "H. C. S.," Wilson tried
to joke them into returning it as it was a
much prized gift, but the robbers refused
to give it back.
After rifling Wilson's pockets thorough
ly the men ordered him to go upstairs. Ao
ho ascended the steps the highwaymen
ran up Sacramento street to Franklin,
where they separated.
Wilson watched them until they turned
the corner and then he hurried to the
North End Station, where he reported the
robbery to the police. "Wilson furnished a
good description of the robbers. He said
that the man who rifled his pockets was
tall and wore a mask, while the man who
covered him with the revolver was rather
short and stoutly built. He was not
masked and Wilson thinks If he ever sees
him again he will be able to identify him.
NATION MIGHT
LOSE MILLIONS
Wilson Asks for the Mi
croscopic Inspection
of Meats.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Secretary-
Wilson to-night stated that discontinu
ance of tho microscopic Inspection . of
meats sent abroad would mean the entire
suspension of exports and lose the United
States the $20,000,000 worth of meats an
nually sent to Germany. > '
The lack of funds, he explained, was
due to the increased work of the past
year and the two weeks' leave of absence
granted each employe of the bureau out
side of this city, which necessitated the
employment of additional men. Secretary
Wilson said he has asked Congress to
make part of the appropriation for the
coming year immediately available, a,nd
that he has no doubt Congress will grant
this authority, as it has done so frequent
ly in previous years. : 1
"I have no doubt," he added, "tnat the
microscopical inspections will proceed,
notwithstanding the notice given the
packing interests through the Bufeau of
Animal Industry."
SERIOUS CHARGE MADE
AGAINST ARMY OFFICER
Captain Donovan Said to Be in Finan
cial Difficulty and Frequently
Intoxicated.
Considerable interest has been aroused
In local military circles by the news from
Washington that serious charges have
been preferred against Captain J. L». Don
ovan. Twenty-second Infantry, who is
now in command of a battalion of casuals
at camp 2 at the Presidio. It is alleged
that the captain was Intoxicated while on
his way to Manila from Columbus Bar
racks, Columbus, Ohio, and was guilty of
conduct unbecoming an officer and a- gen
tleman. It is alleged further that he
habitually overindulges In alcoholic stim
ulants and that he Is very irregular in
meeting his llnancial obligations.
If these charges can be proved it will
mean either that Captain Donovan will
be dismissed from the service of the
United States or at least severely cen
sured and a black mark placed against his
hitherto enviable record. He states that
he has received no official notice that he
is to be court-martialed, but is aware that
something of the kind is In the wind. He
was ordered to Manila, but has been de
tained at the Kresidio.-
The captain has a tine military record.
During the Spanish-American war he was
lieutenant colonel of the Sixty-ninth New
York Volunteers. While in the Philippines
he was shot twice through the leg in a
tierce battle near Cavite. but refused all
profers of assistance and led his company
through the engagement. On several oth
er occasions he has been officially com
mended for bravery. He is well known
in local society and Is a great favorite
with his brother officers. It is stated that
charges have been preferred against him
before, but that his record saved ; him
from a trial. .
For the McKinley Fund.
There was a good attendance on Thurs
day night at the patriotic entertainment
in Shiels' building given by , Martha
Washington Council of the Daughters "of
Liberty in aid of the McKinley monu
ment fund. The following programme
was successfully carried out: • ■ * ;.
Piano selection. Miss. Alice Severance: 're
marks. Mrs. Addle. L. Kallou; recitation. Tri
phena Prltchard; song, "There's No North and
No South.": C. I. .Glrard; recitation. Dr.
Joseph T. Crawford; song, "The Last Rose of
Summer," Mrs. Annie K. Shew; "Taper Ver
reste," Marie . Roeckel ; "Serenade." Mariu
Roeckel; "Don' Ye Cry, Ma Honey," Eliza
beth Davis; trombone solo. Gus Font.
Railroad From Valdes Assured;
SEATTLE. Dec. 20.— L. C. Dlllman re
turned to-day from New York, where he
sold twenty-eight copper claims located
in the interior of Alaska for $1,200,000. He
says the London syndicate, to which ha
sold the claims, has : decided to build ■ a
railroad • from Valdes, Alaska, to the
claims, a distance of 140 miles. The cost
of the road' will' be about $3,500,000.
Skins and Wood to Burn. \
We have fitted up an exhibit of burnt
wood and leather, which all are invited' to
see. .■ .Wood and skins for burning , and
pyrography machines at very - moderate
prices. Sanborn, Vail &Co., 741 Mark<»r.«
MASONS INSTALL
THEIR OFFICERS
Fidelity Lodge Ceremony
Is a Fashionable
Event.
Retiring Master Solomons is
Presented With Rich
The public installation of the officers of
Fidelity Lodge No. ( 120, Free and Ac
cepted Masons, last' Thursday night in
the assembly hall of the Native Sons'
building was the most fashionable event
of installation week. A noticeable fea
ture of the event was that not only the
officers-elect but all the members of the
lodge wore full evening dress suits. This
was in accordance with the rule in many
of the European countries that no Mason
appear in the lodgerooms, whether at the
ordinary lodge meeting or social function,
unless attired in "the conventional even-
Ing costume.
The officers were Installed in a very im
pressive manner by the retiring master,
Lucius L. Solomons, who had for his
marshal Past Master Gustave Brenner.
The ceremony was watched with much
interest by all and with marked atten
tion. The officials who assumed stations
on that night are: ■
Benjamin L. Stone, worshipful master: Theo
dore Cohn, senior warden; Wallace A. Wise,
Junior warden; Max Goldman, treasurer; Fred
erick Barry, secretary; Newton H. Newstadter,
marshal; Rev. Jacob Nleto, senior deacon:
Charles Schlesslnger, junior deacon; John P.
Albro and T. Trlest, stewards, and M. J.
Meyers, tyler. the latter entering upon his
twenty-seventh year of continuous service In
that office.
At the close of the ceremony Past Mas
ter Rev. Jacob Vqorsanger, on behalf of
the lodge, presented a beautiful Jewel to
Lucius L. Solomons, the retiring master.
The music during the installation was fur
nished by J. R. Ogllvle, J. P. Fleming. J.
R. Jones and R. F. Tilton, the latter pre
siding at tha organ. - • .
There was a grand march to the supper
served in the large banquet hall, where
covers were laid for BOO persons, and
when all were seated there were very
few chairs vacant. The retiring master
was toastmaster. During the discussion
of the excellent supper a number of vocal
selections were rendered, and there was
also a number of instrumental numbera
rendered by an orchestra. There were
addresses by the Reverends Voorsanger
and Nieto, Wallace A. Wise, M. H. Was
ceiwitz and several others.
High Masons Elect Officers.
Last Thursday night San Francisco Con
sistory No. 1, Ancient and Accepted Scot
tish Rites, elected the following named
officers for the current term:
F. C. Van Schalck, venerable master of Ka
dosh; James A. Wilson, prior; Joseph 1).
Abrams, sub-prior; Henry Burner, registrar;
Samuel \V. Levy, treasurer; William S. Moses,
almoner; Harry J. Lask, chancellor; T. S.
Miller, minister of state; R. E. Allan, prelate;
George Varcoe, master of ceremonies: H. J.
Grauerholz. expert: Dr. T. E. James. Junior ex
pert; A. Fodera, standard bearer; H. Van Lu
sen, master of the guard, and John D'Arcy,
tyler.
The new officers were at once installed
by Frank B. Ladd, master of Kadosh, and
Frank Koenig, who acted as marshal of
ceremonies:
At the meeting of Mission Chapter No.
79 of the Royal Arch Masons on Thurs
day night in Mission Masonic Hall the
following named were elected for the en
suing term:
A. M. Cox. high priest: J. M. Peel, king: H.
C. Bunker, scribe; J. R. Hillman. secretary,
and C. Helwig, treasurer.,.
CHINESE WAR VESSEL
ARRIVES . AT MANILA
Commander of a Cruiser Will Have
a Talk With General ?
Chaffee.
MANILA, Dec. 20.— The Chinese cruiser
(rial Chl has arrived here. Captain Hao.
her commander, says that he has a cruis
ing commission. The object of his call
here is to see General Chaffee, whom the
Chinese consider was the principal friend
of the Chinese among the foreign soldiers
at Peking.
Educated Chinamen, the captain says,
know how much China owes to Chaffee's
Influence with the foreign generals in
1900, and the educated Chinese are being
taught that their- greatest friends among
foreigners are the Americans.
Drew a Revolver.
A well dressed man, accompanied by a
woman, went into John Ottom's grocery
store at 1633 Turk street yesterday after
noon and started to play the nickel-ln
the-slot machine. After getting: a "full
hand" the man demanded that he be paid
in cash, and when Ottom refused the
stranger drew a revolver and attempted
to use it. Ottom grabbed him, and after
a short struggle succeeded in wresting
the pistol from him. The stranger and
the woman then left the store and quick
ly disappeared. Captain Seymour has
been notified of the occurrence.
Newsboys Frighten Companion.
. A practical joke which several news
boys played upon one of their companions
last night about 7 o'clock caused consider
able excitement in the vicinity of Geary
and Market streets. The boys secured a
huge redhead firecracker and exploded it
near the feet of John Sears, another
newsboy. The explosion was very loud
and attracted a great crowd of people.
Sears was badly frightened and had to
be taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital to be assured that he was not going
to die.
Builders' Contracts.
The Plerce-RoJolph .Storage Company (own
ers) with P. P. Fischer, successor to D. Straub
& Son (contractors), architect Walter J.
Mathevrs — Caroenter, work, exterior and In
terior finish, stairs, painting, glazing, tinning,
hardware, for a 2-story b«Jck building on lot
on N line of Eddy street. 259 E of Flllmore, W
60:6 by N 137:C; $310«. .
O. Caroy (owner) with Petterson & Persson
(contractors) with Pacific Plating and Metal
Works (sub-contractors), architects y William
Mooser & Son— Metal store fronts for two
stores In and for a 3-story frame building on lot
on S line o£ Geary etreet, 137:6 W of Stockton,
W 55 by S 137:6: $1745.
John S. CVNetl (owner) with S. B. Kress
(contractor), plans by owner — All work except
mantels, gas fixtures, shades and tinting for a
2-story frame bulldlnK. on lot on . line of
Webster street, 25 S of Filbert, E 100 by S
25; S25CO. . ■ -
Timothy Hopkins (owner) with- F. J. Fern
hoft (contractor), architect H. A. Schulze — All
■work, alterations and additions to a 1-atory
partlv 2-story) frame building on lot on NW
line of Bluxome street, 241:6 NE of Fifth. NW
110 by NB 40:7: $1756. . . . . .-
Martin H. Bohlen (owner) with J. Bucher
(contractor), architect Theo. W. Lenzen-Jk.il
work exceot roof covering and electric wiring
for a 3-story frame build inc with concrete
foundation (3 flats) on lot on BW corner of
Waller and Primrose (Carmellta) streets, lot
1 block 4. Marlon Tract: $7575. » ■
'Mutual Savlnss Bank (owners) with Glad
dlnr McBean & Co., a corporation (contrac
tors), architect William Curlett — Architectural
terra cotta for a ten-story and basement fire
proof office building on S line of Geary street,
30-fi W of Kearny. W 7-1:10%. S 38:2%.; SE
52:0%. ; NE 53:0%. N 50:0^ ; $23,160.
Same j owner with Parcells, Greenwood Com
pany corporation (contractors), architect same
Metal fittings andxflreproof vaults and burg
lar-proof safes for same on same; $21,370 07.
Otto Johnson with Petteraon & Persson (con
tractors), architect E. . A. Hermann— All work
for a two-story *and basement frame building
(2 flats) on W line of Landers street, 210 S of
Fourteenth, S 25 by W 125: $4825.
Welsh ' Presbyterian Congregation/ corpora
tion (owners) with P. 1>. Roberts (contractor),
architect T. Paterson . Ross — AH work for a
one-story, basement and gallery frame church
building on S line of Fourteenth street, 253 W
of Valencia. W 40 by S 130; $4825.
F. E. Hesthal (owner) with R. Keating (con
tractor), architect E. J. -Vogel— Grading, con
crete, patent stone cementing for a six-story
brick building on SE rorn^r of Geary and Wil
liam «treeta, E 56 by S 87:6; $3760.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 20— Br ship ■William
Mitchell, from Table- Bay. The William Mitch
ell . arrived off , the Columbia River over a
month aen. but was driven, out to sea by a
storm. '• ; - - ; .
Sailed Dec- 20— Stmr Chico, for Seattle.
LORD HOPE NEED
EXPECT NO HELP
Thus Declares the Duke
of Newcastle, Now
in Seattle.
Denies That He Is Coming to
Get Evidence Against
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 20.— In pressing his suit
for divorce from May Yohe. his actress
wife. Lord Francis. Hope may have the
sanction of his family, but he is not get
ting from them much active support. At
least eo declares his elder brother, the
Duke of ' Newcastle, titular head of the
house. The Duke arrived in Seattle to
day, having come down from Vancouver.
He will leave to-morrow morning for Cal
ifornia. The fact that one of the later
chapters of the Hope- Yohe domestic dra
ma was enacted In San Francisco led to
the surmise that the Duke was traveling
on a mission of family Importance. This
he denies.
"You may say positively," said the
Duke of Newcastle to-night, "that I will
not In any way interest myselfin Lord
Francis Hope's divorce case. I came to
the United States with absolutely no oth
er intention than that of spending the
winter In Southern California on account
of ill health."
The Duke's ill health is not conspicuous.
"If there Is any rumor," he continued,
"that I am seeking evidence In behalf of
my brother in his divorce proceedings it
Is false. Neither I nor any other member
of our family will take any part in the
case. It is my brother's affair and he
must care for it himself."
The Duke spoke of the scandal without
embarrassment and also without enthu
siasm.
In discussing the affairs of the British
empire and his home Government the
titled Briton evinced great Interest and
delivered interesting opinions.
. "Of greatest import to both Liberals
and Conservatives," said he, "is the sud
den reappearance of Lord Rosebery in
the active affairs of the Liberal party.
This action on Lord Rosebery's part is no
doubt the result of much persuasion ad
vanced by the /great Liberal leaders.
Since the cessation of his party's admin
istration, in 1895, Lord Rosebery has re
mained entirely, in the background. Al
ways a popular and much admired leader,
his resumption of party control will have
a powerful effect toward • fusion among
the factional ranks of the Liberals. He
is a declared imperialist, and of course
differs from the antl-lmperiallsts. It is
calculated, however, that his known abil
ity as a leader and manager will result
In a united vote at J the Parliamentary
election four years hence. The result of
the move will be of decided interest.
Should It prove successful and a Liberal
Parliament be chosen, the post of Pre
mier will doubtless be proffered Rosebery
by King Edward.
"King Edward has sprung into ready
favor among bis subjects. His adminis
tration so far has been most commend
able." ■ . *• r
The Duke says he will spend buWone
day In San Francisco, going on farther
to the south. At the end of winter he
intends to return to his home. Clumber,
In . Nottinghamshire.
Lord Francis Hope Injured.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— Lord Francis Hope
has been seriously injured while out
shooting by the accidental discharge of
his gun. The charge shattered his ankle,
but the surgeons think his foot may be
saved. *
ma'sonry is threatened
. BY UNSCRUPULOUS MEU
Grand Master Meade of New York
Taking Steps to Check a Clan
destine Movement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The Press this
morning says: Into New York to-day, as
fast as the service of the New York Cen
tral road can carry him, will come Charles
W. Meade, grand master of the Grand
Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons, to
take hold with other high officers of a
question of more Importance to Masonry
than any that has confronted it since the
stormy period in l!>28. To-day the order
has before Its officers facts which show
that lodges are being formed by expelled
and clandestine Masons, and that the
right to fellowship may become a com
mercial quantity, degrees being sold to
candidates at so much a head. Men who
have been Initiated in the city of Ntw
York have come forth believing them
selves true In the faith .which has been
taught for so many centuries, and which
has embraced among its followers every
President of the United States from
Washington to Roosevelt.
Grand Secretary Ellis has come out ia
a 'public statement that the Grand Lodge
of Ohio of which Justin Pinney is grand
master Is a bogus institution composed of
expelled and clandestine Masons without
Masonic authority of any kind.
This, it is said, -will be followed by a
strong edict from Meade. Everything
that can be done to prevent the propa
gandists from misleading the people of
New York will be done and every lodge
in the State will be put on its guard
against these clandestine Masons, who
are to be made wholesale at $15 a head
and turned loose upon the public.
Not that alone, but a most rigid investi
gation will be made. It is alleged that
certain men who are Masons are giving
the clandestine movement their counten
ance and support.
CALIFORNIA HAS SECRET
.FOR PRESERVING FRUIT
Samples Exhibited in Paris and Buf
falo Show No Signs of De
• terioration.
France for many years held supremacy
in the art of preserving fruit, but now- it
is conceded that California is in advance
of the rest of the world in the matter of
preserving fruits in solution for exhibition
purposes. J.' A. Filcher, manager of the
State Board of Trade, returned recently
from his labors at tho Buffalo Exposition
and Is now engaged superintending: the
unpacking of massive glass jars of fruits
which won prizes and created an inter
national envy. ,» .' A - •■";'-
It is remarkable that the fruit In solu
tion Is coming out, as it is being un
packed, as fresh and perfect as though
just picked rrom the vines and trees,
borne of this fruit was exhibited in Paris
in 1900 as well as fn Buffalo and will now
take its place among the different exhib
its In the permanent display of the Board
of Trade.
Manager Filcher claims that In Califor
nia fruit can be preserved for exhibition
better than anywhere else in the world.
"We have the secret," he said yester
day; "I ' have had a chance of seeing
fruit at th« expositions of Europe and
at all the exhibitions of this country and
I have never seen fruit compare even
favorably with ours. We not only pre
serve it more perfectly, but it seems. to
ptand up better as Illustrated by /the per
fect condition of the fruit now being un
packed.
"I was besieged by foreigners at Buf
falo desiring to, know by what method
the California fruit is preserved. That,
however, is our ; own secret."
Alumni Association's Reunion.
. The Alumni Association of the California
School of Mechanical Arts held Its annual
reunion last night In Golden Gate Hall.
The Interior of the hall was prettily deco
rated with evergreens and bunting for the
occasion. E. Ij. McKIe was floor mana
ger, assisted by Louis Samlsh. The recep
tion committee consisted of Grace B.
Wiener, Arthur H. Markwart. Arthur W.
Sobey, Alice E. Crowe and Lois L% Eoff.
Tht officers of the association are as fol-
E. L- McKIe. prelldent: Marguerite
Schleef. vice president: Ross Ingrtm,
treasurer; Ethel Stealey, : recording secre
tary; Aida M. Burns, corresponding secre
tary. . SBERnBBtttiH
' Lovely California Women — See types of fe
male beauty in Christmas Wasp. Cosmopoli
tan California illustrated. Sold all ' news
stan Is. 23 cents, v" «
GRACIE PLAISTED
AGAIN A BRIDE
Former Tivoh Favorite
Weds for the Fifth
Time.
Becomes the Wife of George
Bartlett at Tia Juana,.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 20.
Grade Plaisted, for the fifth time a
bride, has return*! from Tia Juana. Mex
ico, with her husband. George H. Bart
lett, formerly manager of the famous
Rawhide mine at Jamestown, owned by
Captain William Nevills.
The former Tivoli soubrette announced
that she and Superintendent Barilett
were wedded on Tuesday across the line,
preferring to go to Mexico rather than
to Reno. Mrs. Bartlett had not been di
vorced a year from former Assemblyman
Frank Fowler, her fourth spouse— henca
the trip beyond the jurisdiction of the
State courts. Besides there is some doubt
about the legality of Reno marnagea
since the decisions were given by tha
Superior Court in session at San Fran
cisco.
Mrs. Bartlett also explained that hea
husband is Interested In mining in 3Mex«
ico, where they will shortly go to reside.
Few California stage favorites were sd
well known to San Francisco theater*
coers as Gracie Plaisted. who for years
entertained the Tivoli patrons, her lln«
being light opera. Her education waa
finished at Mills College. Soon after thai
she wedded her. first husband, whose
name waa Lancaster. He died. During
her Tivoli experiences she was twic«
wedded, a Hartley and a Tobin being
her successive spouses. Then she won
Frank Fowler of this county. They wera
divorced.
Mrs. Bartlett has a daughter. Miss LnlU
Lancaster, who resides in Alameda.
SMILE AT MARRIAGE STORY.
Besidents of San Diego Are Inclined
to Be Incredulous.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 20.— The telegraphic
announcement from San Francisco thai
Miss Gracie Plaisted. former star at i.h«
Tivoli, has been married at Tia Juana ta
George H. Bartlett Is read here with *
smile. ' I
Mrs. Gracie Plaisted Fowler came ta
San Diego on the Santa Rosa last Tues«
day and Bartlett was a passenger on th«
same steamer. They took the train fo»
Tia Juana, returning In the afternoon,
The list of departures by the steamei
shows the names of G. H. Bartlett and
Mrs. Bartlett.
Ecclesiastic marriages are not recog*
nlzed in Mexico and contract marriage*
are legally unknown.. Civil marriage:}
alone are legal and for such a residence
of six months is needed and the bam
must be published for two weeks unless
there is a special dispensation from tha
Governor, and no such officer resides a!
Tia Juana.
LAND-SEEKERS PERISH
ON THE FROZEN GROUNU
Persons Who Wait for Land on a
Reservation Save Disastrous
Experience.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 20.— Every roai
leading into the new country Is still lined
with prospective settlters. Without food
and generally without » money and in a
country spaxsely settled, they hav«
starved and frozen,' in many cases death
resulting among the children. Men whi
have seen these people report the sight!
the most pitiable ever witnessed. Th«
cold weather has also bred several case)
of smallpox in every town and city In th4
two Territories^
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 20.— The tern*
perature here moderated steadily to-day;
rising from 7 below zero at 6 a. m. to 11
above at 4 p. m. Other points in Mls«
souri experienced very severe cold tbi»
morning, as follows: Seda.lla, 13 below;
Lexington, 13 below: Mexico, 21 b«lowj
Centralia, 22 below; Marshall, 22 below.
Licensed to Marry.
. OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Licenses to marrj
were issued to-day to George* G. Bray,
aged 18 years, and Pamella G. Wheeler,
17, both of Oakand: Chares L. White, 23,
and Loyette E. Howe, 19, both of San
Francisco;. Hugh McColl Webster, 24. San
Francisco, and Lulu Rued. 21. Oakland]
Henry Kruger, 29. San Francisco, ana
Marie Ramas, 29. West Berkeley.
BERLIN. Dec. 20. — It is officially announced
that in consequence of the murder of a Ger
man near Peking August 0 fifteen member!
of the band found guilty of the crime havi
been executed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FEW REASONS
Which Are Rapidly Making a Nen
Catarrh Cure Famous.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the new Ca-
tarrh cure, has the following advantage*
over other catarrh remedies:
First: These tablets contain no co-
caine, morphine or any other Injurious
drug and are as safe and beneficial foi
children as for adults; this is an Import*
ant point when it is recalled that man?
catarrh remedies do contain these verj
objectionable Ingredients. ■; Nv
Next: Being in tablet form this rem«
edy does not deteriorate with age or an
exposure to the air, as liquid preparationi
lnvarlablydo.
Next: The tablet form not only pra.
serves the medicinal properties, but It U
so far more convenient to carry and t«
use at any time that it Is only a questios
of time when the tablet will entirely su«
persede liquid medicines as It has al-
ready done in the medical department o)
the United States army.
Next: No secret is made of the compo-
sition of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; thej
contain the active principles of Eucalyp.
tus bark, red gum. bloodr root and Hy«
drastin, all harmless antiseptics, whlcb.
however, are death to catarrhal germi
wherever found, because they ellminati
them from the blood.
Next: You can not cure catarrh by lo»
cal applications to the nose and throat
because these are simply local symptom*
and such treatment can not posslblj
reach the real seat of catarrhal disease)
which Is In the blood; for this reason. In-
halers, douches, sprays and powders nev-
er really cure catarrh, but simply glv«
temporary relief, which a dose of plaii
salt and water will do just as well.
Catarrh must be driven out of the ay»
tern, out of the blood, by an Internal
remedy because an internal remedy Is th«
only kind which can bo assimilated InU
the blood-
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this bettei
than the old form of treatment becaust
they contain every safe specific known t«
modern science in the antiseptic form o*
the disease.
Next: The use of Inhalers, and spray*
Ing apparatuses, besides being ineffectlvi
and disappointing, is expensive, while *
complete treatment of Stuart's Catarrt
Tablets can be had at any drug store is
the United States and Canada for 3
cents.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
#HU$EUH OF AHATOHY
A CB 1051 XlZXl 1 : ST. t«t. 6S*7tt, ST.CaL
\ C<f The Largest Anatomical Museum in th«
m | JL World. Weaknesses or any contracted
7 fiSsTfiSj (fcseasf p»»i«i»«*l7 carod t>y the oldest
© Ig »• I bpeculist «n the Coast. EiL 36 years.
Sfl$S£l D3. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN
9 &%*s%W Consultation free and strictly prirate.
I lS«i f] Treatment personally or by 1-tter. A
fl ff Tl II Pan tivt Cur* in ewety case undertaken.
P '/ I ft w Hte for Book. PHILOS«PBV«f
• II 1 OARRUCE, MAILED PRE8. (A
1 JJ J valuable book for mm)
Y 0B.JOBDA2I * CO.. 10S1 MarSret St.S. P.
t^ -v^>*ai -^
rA'FF -RfiY&l sssts
UnTL nuiHL g^iSirs;
vallaea checks! fir*
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock c\ery night in the year.
BF.ANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
"GO Haves street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
<"<9 McAliiFter street; op<n until 9:30 p. m. '
X1S Larktn strpet: r;ppn until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: ci*»ti until 10 p. m.
2^11 Market t-tieet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. ra.
1<:<; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1090 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky strepts: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
5IEET1NG NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 210. F. and A. M.— h
SlK-eSal meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#«_
KV'ENING. at 7:3'J o'clock. Second yi^\
; Degree. Sojourning brethren are in- * w '
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodse No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Officers and members are re-
guested to attend the funeral of 1K3^
CHARLES S. CRITTENDEN. from '"*£
the Masonic Temple. SUNDAY. December
22 at 11 o'clock a- m. Master Masons, rel-
ative<= and friends are cordially invited.
A. S. HUBBARD. S.metary.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba .^SP&Vfc.
Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. O. F. f|g*S£!^
You are requested to assemble in
our lodge room on SUNDAY at 1 '''"•
\i ni to attend the funeral of our late
brother MARTIN DALE.
THOMAS C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. de HAVEN. Rec. Sec.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN 1,. •
and B. Society — Officers and VuG?
ir.ejnbers : Vou are requested —j^BaSSSjp;.
to attend the funeral of our 'X'^TXr-SI
late brother. L. C. JANCO- 3^sfB^
VICH. SUNDAY. Dec. 22. 1901. firsJSliR
at 11:30 sharp, from his late VoSjCEW
residence, 1525 Leavenworth SmmsFStf
Kt. By order of
S. T. GERUKOVICH. Pres.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper.
in the Gray Lizard mine, in Butte County,
near Rackerby. to deposit tailings In Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill, Yuba
County, to deposit tailings in Oregon Creek;
and from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
I>endence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room S3,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary 6, 1»C2. at 1:30 r>. m.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
<\il.. will be held at its banking-bouse, 301
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902, at 3:15 o'clock
p. ni., for the election of directors to serve
for the* ensuing year and the transaction of
fuch other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
elty machines to farmers and rig owners.
FOOTE MFG. CO.. Los Angeles, Cal.
WE want competent man to sell oil land In
blocks of 100 to 10,000 acres. I Call or write
for Information. E. O.. 835 McAllister St.
ASPHALTUM JEtOOFING.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roof •.
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
A D VICE free ; divorces a specialty ; Quick, quiet ;
no charge without success; established IS yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn3161.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections: attachments; mortgages ;blll6 of sale:
partnerships; deeds ;wille drawn;feee low;open
eve'e. THUKSTON. 1008^ Mkt., r. 4, opp.5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opd. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., ©27 Mar-
ket at.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FOR 2£trclogical, ocfult, metaphysical books
go to 1429 Market- st.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-"f2t)6bT SALOON7~about 2o"fect"from Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE,
2t>ii Kearny st.
A— *1000;~PARTNER wanted in pork and dell-
caiessen etore close to Market st.; good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26>-i Kearny Et.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
st. : rent ?25; place establ. many years and
doing a. good business; value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C \± Kearny st.
A — $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatioln in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located close
to Chronicle bldg; bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE. -Jii^ Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a.
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 26'-i Kearny st. v -
A— 5900; SALOON Including S furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny Bt.
A— $C00; SALOON. Sansome St.; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.-
A— $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st. ; rent $60
net; good paying business; no better location
on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearry Et.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to
j^ach partner. Call 935 Market St.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; mu*,t be sold; price $450; call and
investigate. 935 Market «t., room 14.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
C Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
etores. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to lean on any of the above.
$275 — BARBER shop. 4 chairs, old stand near
Market, on eth St.; $2S0, lodging-house a
bargain. 16 rooms; cigar stand. $500 $600;
drug etore, $2000. DECKER. 021 Market st.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.
THE exigencies of some are the opportunities
of others; I have $50,000 tied up, which I am
about to lose, but can take up at once if I
had a few thousand dollars more immediate
cash with which to help myself; to any relia-
ble party who will expend for me $3000
probably only $2000, without any risk. I will
give $20,000 in ten days; opportunity 'for in-
telligent investigation will be accorded to- ac-
ceptable partner; no agents; prudent parties
meaning business address for interview "Ex-
igency." box 2171. Call office.
PARTY with $3000; business man would like to
hear of a good and first-class paying business
preposition that will stand investigation; no
agents, and principals only; give full par-
ticulars in first reply. Box 2190. Call.
$150— BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth
street.
A CLOSE corporation, doing a wholesale and
manuiacturing business and well rated in
Dun's and Bradstreet'e, requires a few thou-
wind dollars additional capital; guarantees
S tter cent; will probably earn 20 per cent-
investments of $100 or over received. Box
• 14o # Cfl.ll. b i '.»■- -.
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for- purchase of profitable busi-
ness located in Pacific Coast States Philip-
pines. China, Japan. Hawaiian Islands Alas-
ka: guaranteed expenses to point of location
Apply 20 O'Farrell st.. room -, between 10
a. m. ani 5 r. m.
* 5 U i°ii f 3^, la , s V. we «*— Expert system; eafest
and best devised: advisory bulletin issued
daily. Particulars National Turf Agency
105 Ellis st. . :..";■ , ' ;
SALOON for sale; good location: doing fine
business; good reasons for wishing to sell
Address box 21C7. Call office.
CHICKEN and hog ranch for sale, with stock"
Inquire cf JOi*W TIEDEMAN. CotaaVSaa
Mateo County; Cal
FOR sple — A flrst-clasp candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness
_ Apply 304 O'Farrell. bet. Taylor and Masou!
ESTABLISHED fruit »=tore. doing cash busi-
nrts: two teams: selling on account of ill
health. Eox 27M?. Call office.
HOCTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle st.
Santa Cruz. Cal.
K<'P. rale— A good planing mill In a lumber
:ar<J; located In 1 growing town. Address
I*. O- box <53. Healdfburg. Cal
FOR sale— Call newspaper route: 500 names;
t-aey termg to buyer. Inquire tel. Kate 2047.
%i'Ji WILL bay old-*sta Wished saloon on water
front; first -class paying business?. 12 Jackson.
?l&n_REFTAi:RAXT; mu« be sold ; well~es-
tabitehcd; good trade. Call 24G Fourth st.
|2rjO^-3-CHAIR fcarbor shop; "racrifice "for a
_<lui^K ta'.e: Call <JiS Sacramento s-t. -
CAJCDY store and factory, with living room.
'Q«- sale; account Miners. 2474 Mission St.
FIKST-CLAHS saloon with grocery on account
Of death. Inquire .it 1C97 Folsom st.'
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. |
h7~C~DECKER, 1020 Market Et. I
S« rooms; 2 entrances: clears *200 $2200 I
33 rooms; 2 fronts; clears £200 2000 ,
10 rooms; downtown: clears $S0 700
30 rooms; elegant; owner sick 2200
24 rooms: rTcar Powell and Geary 2100
44 rooms; fine yard 3000
20 rooms; on Kearny '1400
18 rooms; rent $50: sickness 1250 j
IS rooms: tunny corner 1000,
10 rooms; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 '. 1250
I 2<> rooms; en Kearny ' 1400
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms: clears $400 6000
! CO rooms: clears $350 3600
E4-room corner'bouse 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy ft 850
IS rooms; in Third st 950
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
Xi rooms ; best in the city 2000
60 rooms: ture to clear $300 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— Near the Cail Building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.,rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
9 r.: respectable: installments; central. .. .$250
10 r.; installments; respectable; house full. 300
28 r.; installments; permanent and tran-
sient; rent $00; clears $30 mo.; bargain.. 600
14 r. ;bo&rdirg-house; income $159 over rent;
brand new; part cash, part in payments. 1300
15 r. ;one floor :sunny;swell location; strictly
lst-cIa^E: splendid surroundings ;porcelaln
baths; marble steps: steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leaving city;part cash. 1300
38 r.; a central, fashionable family hotel;
elegant furnishing!; full; clears $175. .
4<J r.; Sutter St.; fine; clears $217 a month.
20 r. ; installments: clears $S0 mo. over rent.1000
24 r. ; rent $10: installments; clears $63 900
SO r. ; fine, sunny corner house; bargain ... .2600
A. CAMERON & CO.. "
850 Market at. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
See our list of bargains.
62 r. : low rent: best house In city: never
changed hands; income $600: investigate.
53 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments $3250
36 r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r.; rent $150; part offices; good house.. 1800
26 r.; rent $90; clears $100; good fur 1800
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r. : Jones residence: nice home C50
7 r.; rent $45; modern flat: reduced 375
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market St., rooms 1 and
2— Workingmen's houses, 32 rooms $400, lw
rooms $1500. 120 rooms $2000, all full and
money-makers: transient, 23 rooms, all light,
near .Market. S1550; must sell. 22 front rooms,
Kearny et.. $1800; good houses: 50 more
houses. Call and Investigate and if suited
make an offer.
$2000— 44-R00M lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
50 others: see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 927 Market St.. room 208.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
WANTED — SO rooms and up; north of Market;
I have cash buyer. DECKER. 921 Market.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face: seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin J0S6 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth Bt; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. THYES, removed 993 Market; all receive
tests Sun., Tues., Thurs., S p. m. ; priv. read.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
I ry. how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
I to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
I Sundays.
Reception rooms. ■ 13. 14, first floor.
1104 — MARKET STREET — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were it not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar. for she .is a prophetess
of world- vide fame, and her name has become
a proverb in thousands of homes made happy
by her aid and aduce; Ismar can be consulted
daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. in... Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1143 Market st.,*
opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL — Owing to a large number of in-
quiries from country patrons Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as in person; readings by mail
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
i located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
I reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
j love or business troubles, consult this great
! medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
I 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; 6end stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dailv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, *
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.: readings by mall.
i THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, we convince all. 607
Kearny St., parlors 1, 2. 3. .-s "■■■*_ *
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses dipeases with life readlng;ladies50c,
g?nts$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian GiDsy.clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: orivate readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 r>. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— Mfss M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS, 1206 Market — Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
Ings $1 & $2: readings by mail; satisfac. guar.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send UTHPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CARD reading — Ladies, -10c; gentlemen, 25c;
hours. 1 to S. 625 Minna St., near Seventh.
MRS. M. DAIN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladies, 50c; gents. $1. 672 Mission st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader; ladies,
25c; gents, 50c; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., near 4th.
MME. WINZOLA, medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater; read, daily. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay; 25c, 50c. 168 Tehama St., off 3d.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dlum, price $1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names glvfn: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CFiEANING.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying,
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.j
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Protf
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 170:} Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 120.
; CITY 'Steam Carpet-beating Works. GL IL
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWING toenalls, bunions and corns cured
(painless) ; no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chl-
rcpodlEt.indorsod by med. profn. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES. "♦
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6tn
floor, «JC Market st.. advice free. Tel. Bush
184; able body of attorneys.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
DENTISTS.
A— DR." T. sThigGINsT 027 Ivlarket St., Emma
Spreckels b!dg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold nllings, $1 50; other flll--
ings, SI; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. • ■
Painless extraction. . .
I do fir&t-clas3 work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; ad vice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up;plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns S3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., dentist.
; room 24. 14 McAllister St.: painless extract'n.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work dene
I on. weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set. of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 502.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission. SE. cor. Oth.
SET of teeth without plate. Dr! B\ gT
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk St.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geajy.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course, $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3. stenographer's
• course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo- Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
i civil service, commercial geography, com-
i mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,
free-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURD A, 4 Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY. Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a. complete bus. education: shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
> spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ■
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accountg; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and • ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st.
VipLIN. mandolin; guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 10OS Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st. :<
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr, 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waitrs furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA.1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188. 1
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 510.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
« nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT^W ANTED — FEMALE.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader
and amanuensis to an invalid a few hours
daily or tri-weekly. Box 2185, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation
in private family or hotel; first-class refer-
ences. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG German woman would like to do plain
sewing and mending. 215 Hickory ave. \
A WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper. 320 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. 14 Hayes St., near Larkin.
RELIABLE, competent Eastern woman wishes
work in hotel linen-room; experienced. 1259
O'Farrell st. .
WANTED — By a reliable Eastern lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper, country town or city.
' MRS. A. D., 1119 Fifth St., Sacramento, Cal.
YOUNG woman wants work by day; no wash-
ing; good worker. MRS. C, 754 Folsom st.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 230% Third st.
JAPANESE young** couple want position In
refined family to work; speak English well;
wages no object. J. N., phone Jackson 330,
1225 Devlsadero St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25o to $1 60 per night: $1 80
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
~ bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions^
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • . •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE."
WANTED — A place by a man and wife, the
man willing to work or do chores, the wife
a good cook; good references; terms reason-
able. Apply 3273 Nineteenth St., nr. Howard.
SOBER young man of 25 wants position of any
kind or would work in ■ packing-house; ex-'
perience in dried fruit; wages ho object; good
.references. Box 2187, Call.
HOTEL man from the East, ace 35, wishes
position as clerk or manager; experienced,
steady $nd reliable; no objection to country.
Box 2372. Call, Oakland.
BOOKKEEPING or other clerical work; age
21; good recommendation and experience.
Box 2170. Call. .-■ -. .\-.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and carriage worker
wishes situation; thoroughly competent. .1
Polk st. ■.;■•-.
A YOUNG machinist, understanding steam, gas
and gasoline engines thoroughly, desires po-
sition in or out of city. Box 2180,, Call. : -
FIRST-CLASS coachman; single; private fam-
ily; sober; thorough horseman and driver; un-.
deniable city reference. M. M., 832 Mission.
WANTED — Position by steady, active," capable
man, not afraid of work, in office or other-
wise; good references. Box 2126. CallT~
WANTED— By a young man ni 20, situation
as attendant to old gentleman or invalid at
reasonable salary.' Address . H. P. WHIT-
NEY. 3 Polk et. --.-.-. J.
ALL-AROUND stonemason would like a -Job;
expert on water-tight masonry. J. ' J. FlA-
HERTY. •629_Clay_st. . ; . , '.f
MAN, . strictly sober, j^ants position as: night
. clerk in hotel or lodglflg-houFe; can give ref-
erence or bond. Box 2166, Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable man wishes work; handy
with tools; good porter and bedmaker; handy
at anything. L. OLSEN, 631 Sacramento st.
I ] W_ ANTEpl-M ALES. ,
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position in retail
. grocery store, any capacity; temperate: ex-
perienced; best city reference from wholesale
and retail merchants. Address W. W.
, BROWN, Winchester. House. City.
PAINTING, paper-hanging, kalsomining want-
ed; have my own tools; for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable: drop postal; will
call with samples. .Box 2164, Call office.
YOUNG man would like to keep the books and
, finances of some establishment that needi a
hustler; will furnish bond. Box 2132. Call. t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt.
FIN A^NCI AL.
COMPANIES promoted. guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
; ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices *in operation: new method of
, placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
v PLATS TO LET.
OAK. 1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock".-
5 ROOMS, bath, yard. 25 Lloyd, bet. Scott
and Devlsadero. Waller and Thirteenth; $ 15.
SCOTT, 3 — Sunny corner flat; 7 rooms, bath;
facing Duboce Park; marine view; $36.
POLK, C30, bet. Turk and Eddv— Modern middle
flat. 0 rooms; rent $37 50; no children.
FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and*!aun-
dry; rent low.. Apply afternoons from 2 until
5 o'clock, 79 South Park.
•'FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnlshed~ln oak, $4T5b7wUh No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAJVTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.: tel. South 413. -
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pay» highest
price for 6econd-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
; 27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 7C1 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. ,
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar. ; kept in repair. 121 Grant:
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
MRS 1 mTe DAY &^cbr.?.Tphone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25; waitress, north,
$20, fare paid; waitress, south, $20, fare
paid; 2 waitresses near city. $20; 0 waitress-
es, city, $20; chambermaid, to wait. $20,
country, free fare - both ways
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30, private family; chambermaid, $20;
second girl, $20; 2 young nursegirls, $15 to
$20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
NINE extra waitresses for country for Decem-
ber 30, $1 50 and free fare both ways. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. ' 1
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. TEL. GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cashier for restaurant, $25 and found;- 4
more salesladies, $1 50 a day; head waitress
for hotel, south, $40; 3 waitresses, different
country hotels, see proprietors here at 9:30,
$20, $25. :
t .1 FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any girl or woman looking for a place as
cook, housework, second girl, nurse girl,
wages $15-$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. . . . ■ .
WANTED— 4 cooks, $30; 4 second girls, $20.
$25; 8 hotel waitresses, $20, $25; man and
wife, small ranch, $35. see party here; nurse-
girl, $15; general housework, Alameda $30;
chamberwork and waiting, country hotel, $25;'
20 cooks, housework girls and second girls
for nice places; good wages;. call to-day. J
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
OPERATORS at Levl btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 3214 Fremont st. ; s no experience
r.ecessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Working girls and women; the S.
F. Hairdressing College teaches you in ii
weeks hairdressing, manicuring, facial mas-
sage, dyeing, bleaching; eve. classes; positions
secured; more calls for help than we can fill;
entire course $5. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on ladles' tailor
i garments who can make. buttonholes by hand;
- no -other but first-class need apply. BARON,
■ 22 Grant ave.
WANTED— 500 specialty children, boys and i
girls, for Juvenile Carnival, Mechanics' Pa- !
vilion. Apply to L. W. BUCKLEY, mana-
ger, room 22, Phelan building.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework in
small family; wages $15 to $20. Inquire be-
tween 10 and 12 o'clock at 25E Silver st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; good pay;
permanent positions; no fee. 127 Mason st.
GIRL to assist in housework. Apply 791 Mc-
Allister St., near Octavia.
A WOMAN wanted to wash napkins; wages
$20. 517 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG twoman for offlce work; typewriting
and stenography; $20 per month. Box 216S,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
at HALE EROS.' before 11 a. m.
GIRL for general housework; German or
Swede; wages $20. 1 129 Oak at.
WANTED—^'eat girl for general housework;
$20. 3332 Clay st.
WANTED— A woman, good cook for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth st.. cor. Vermont.
WANTED — Good dressmaker. 764^Howard at.
25 HANDSOME young girls wanted for con-
cert hall. 525% Pacific St.; none under 13
need apply; 7:30 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . '
ii. , HELP WANTED MALE.
A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S48
•„ Leading Employment' and Labor Agents.
.OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Bookkeeper and stenoeraDher, ranch, $40 and
fd. ; 25 tiemakers, fare,. $2, 10c to 15c each;
4 machinists, $3 and $3 60 day; 2 sash
weight molders: 5 block makers; 15 team-
sters, farm hands and choremen; private
family man, «25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Baker for mining company $45 and fd.
Butcher, country, $30 and fd.; cake baker,
$40 2nd fd.: waitress, country hotel, $30;
. experienced man for cleaning and dye works,
country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS eardener for country; 5 car-
penters for country,'$3 to $3 50 day; 3 men
and wives. $35, $40 and $45; 4 laborers for'
country, $2 day; colored stableman and
driver; tiemakers, woodchODDers, choreman'
for ranch, 6 stone block makers and others;
grubbers; boys for factory to learn trade.
$5 week and increase, and others. J. F.
CRQgETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT head cook. $20 week; restau-
rant second cook, $60; cook and dishwasher
for country restaurant, $60; waiter for insti-
tution, $30 and found, and otherB.. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. G28 Sacramento at.
ANDRE'S offlce, 316 Stockton st. — Butler, $45;
waiter, plain hotel, near city, $20 and fd. ;
kitchen hand, able to cook short orders, $30
and fd.: broiler, hotel, $45; waiter, $7 a
week, dishwasher, ?20, etc.
'WANTED. — Honest ' man •„ for bar and porter
work: must have references; wages $20 and
board month. McMahon House, Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OFFICE clerk: young man about 20 with ex-
perience at general offlce work; accurate at
figures. Answer in own handwriting, stating
age, experience, salary, box 2138, Call.
MEN to . learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
" catalogue - free. MOLER' S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 035 Clay, st. --.....■
COOK wanted, dinner and short order, $35 and
, found. 1224 Point Lobos ave., in kitchen;
. Geary-st. cars.
GOOD union barber wanted at 304 Folsom
street;
A FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday at 15
Steuart st; ■ • '. :
BARBER wanted — Saturday evening and Sun-
day. 394 Sixth st.
BARBER from 12 Saturday to 12 Sunday. 222
Gough Et. : ... ...
BAKBER for Saturday and Sunday. 237%
■- Fifth st. : .• ■ ' ■
WANTED — Barber at 50G Thirteenth St., Oak-
' land. -. "■•: .- : . ■
BARBER; steady Job. 502 Turk st.. near Lar-
kin. •
: HELP tV^NTED-— >r\Lr:-—Cojri.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and So; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; -able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Two first-class advertising men.
Apply L. W. BUCKLEY, rm. 22. Phelan big.
WANTED— A bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
day and steady. 1905 Fillmore st.
WANTED — A good dishwasher for restaurant.
1201 Fillmore St.. earner Turk. . . : .
STEADY man with $150 cash can 'make $75
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st., room 1.
SECOND waiter wanted at 5C0 Howard st.
FOR SALE — A barber shop of 2 chairs. Ap-
' ply 105 Hayes st. ; $75. • • • -
WANTED — Bright young man to sell toys.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED — First-class bartender. Palace of
Art, 16 Post st. * >■:■■ -
TAILOR on military work. ' 2S21 Greenwich
street.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. -.-..-
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A GOOD coffee-house waiter. 717 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS bartender wanted at 152 East
St., cor. Howard.
WANTED — Partner in barber shop with small
capital; downtown location. Apply Call ofiice.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. DCS Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD A PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; COc up. 241 Third st.
, YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 711A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, 3. 40, Phelan
. big. Fast com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 663 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st.
' HORSES AXD WAGONS.
DO not fail to /attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. ■
2D-KAND wire wheel pneumatic ball-bearingr
and Bailey buggy and bike cart: cheap.
O"BRIEN;s, Folk st. and Golden Gate ave.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
, horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth et. .
FOR sale — 30 fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1600. Apply for further information
at 1238 Stockton St., from 11 to 12 a. m.
FINE horse road buggy, cheap. 4164 Twenty-
slxth st. ■
HORSE, $15; horse, $25: buggy, $30; single coal
wagon, $40; tea wagon, $40. 79 City Hall av.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. HALTON, 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZ1EL. C05 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
I ■ 16 page?, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— tTRX I SH ED.
FOR sale or rent — Handsomely furnished new
modern 6- room flat, close to the Panhandle;
very reasonable; departure cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2191, Call offlce.
LOST. AND FOUND. . . „. ■; ,
$5 REWARD — Lost on California St.. Monday.
16th inst., subscription lists to Chamber of
Commerce. Return to offlce of the secretary
and receive* reward.
BLACK fur boa, Thursday evening, at Native
Sons' Hall, leaving banquet hall to main
entrance; reward. IRVINE BROS." office,
572 Howard st.
I LOST — Early Sunday morning, Dec. 15, N. S.
i G. W. badge: Golden Gate Parlor No. 29; in-
itials C. G. K. engraved on bar. Return to
219 Minna st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — A fur tippet. December 19; liberal re-
ward. ASHTON & Gardiner, 114 Mont-
gomery St. %
LADY'S gold watch: Initial A. J.: photo in-
side. Return 306 Fulton st. ; reward.
LOST — A Scotch collie dog, with license tag on
right fore leg. Reward at 105 Mason st.
BROWN and white English setter dog. Return
GEO. WALTSON, 331 Pine; liberal reward.
LOST — Saturday afternoon at Russian Bazaar
or on Union or Hyde st. cars, fly stickpin.
Return to 2332 Jones St.; liberal reward.
LOST — A black pointer dog. Reward if re-
turned to 101 Bartlett st., corner 22d.
FOUND — Lady's shoe on corner Mission and
. Fourth sts. Apply 793 Mission St.. room 6.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold' and silver to make new watch cases.'
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -■-.-•
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery:
mine 'hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EUl.i.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ■ '
MEDICAL. / .
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
' thousands ; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlfn, in midwifery cases; takes ladies
• before and during confinement; best of care,
confinement, $15; room and board, $5; Infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
residence,60G Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. , D. " WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years" experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
borne in confinement. 210 . Eddy st., near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlce
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1120 Market St., S. F. '
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. -
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25 yrs.'
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
Home, 000 Market,. opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mt>
INTOSH &;WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sera.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 4?4 Geary lit.
A— BUYS, •' sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, 1 boilers, ' water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners' rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 • Stockton
st., upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits,- $10; dress pants, $2 75. -MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FILLED' case" American lady's watch .worth
$20. for $8 50. MANNIE'S, 32 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR S * ..E— r C«f».
BEAUTIFUL white Polar bear skin rus; ele-
gantly mounted. Box 2iS9, Call.
THE Dumond violin collection, rarest speci-
men, on sale 2 to 5 daily. Rm. ■ 4, 128 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1S15, worth $250. only
$00. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond, earrings. .$22 50. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors, 23 Stockton st. r*
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figure's. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NEW and 2nd hanu boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe end supplies. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOATS, launche?. rowboats carried iu siock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hanu.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. j
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined s*Te. perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento Bt.
1ST-CLASS 2a-hand modern engines and boilers
bought. Eold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: a drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 12$ Kearny St.. rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. ■ Address at once, box 1205, Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
■ — . <
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Ttrx-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
/ MONEY TO LOAN.
HERM^ASTlknjR^HY7r6oT^xamTn^r^buildlng!
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
...... on first and . second mortgages ••••••
Life interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAS-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. '
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
' interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Offlce. 0 Grant ave., nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates: open evenings 7 to 8
BECKER & CO., 927 Market st, room 613J
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos,- furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery si.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at C per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confld»n-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory blag., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up: no re-
moval; open evenings. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mrkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RDDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. H09 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ORGANS from $35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY~
308 Post st.
FREE concert at BYRON MAUZTS every
afternoon and evening, Cedllan Piano Player
30S Post st.
HALLETT &• DAVIS $35
Raven & Bacon 60
Weber 100
Chickering 125
Dunham 150
Fleischer 175
Arlon .' 200
BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
CHRISTMAS bargains; slightly used high-
grade pianos:
Steinway 5350
Lester 350
Byron Mauzy 350
Sohmer 40Q
Sohmer Baby Grand 650
BYRON MAUZY, 308. 310, 312 Post'st.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co • sole
agents most famous and oldest American
j makes; easy payments; big allowance for
{ old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased-
our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; ".mong them are all
the standard makes, from $25 up to $350-
open evenings during this sale. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. «^LNL
WHY not make a present of a piano? We need
room.
1 Sommer. .$27 1 Fischer S42
J Vose $29 1 Zech |o»
1 H ll? e -^ $295-1 Steinway $285
and 50 others at reduced prices for Christmas-
,all guaranteed and can be exchanged at full'
value any time within 3 years
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
A GOOD thing to recollect is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he is entitled to. We give a perfect
sound and undamaged new piano for lesi
money than is often asked for patched uo
and made over instruments, worked off under
all sorts of disguises. It is much better to
get a reliable new piano that is known, than
a bargain ' that is good only for the time
being. Our pianos or customers are not
"wrecked." Ask about our new .plan of
?1 50 per week. We sell Wissner. Decker
& Son, Baumeister, Steger and Singer pianos
Call and see us — open evenings. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
both new and second-hand. Is the largest wes :
of Chicago and includes the mest reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
f iiir" r . i 3 ' «* 4^£ nd c* 5 per mo "«>. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corn-r
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco- cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
EeconTl-hand upright pianos from $55 up
Pecond-hand square pianos from J50 up
Eecond-hand organs from SIS up; new upright
, pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farreil. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlln. Voge. Sterling .pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; slx-octav*
Mason & Hamlln organ, $35; Stein way
square, $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, usedNonly few months, $275; Bech-
£*/?!? by srand > almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth st:; IVERS & POND. Agent?
ANY piano sold . by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
" price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a Diano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OTarr^
St.; established 1850. «rarre*i
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new hieh-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
stallments); open evenings until 9-30 \vtt
BON'S Storage. 1710 Market st L "
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO. 933 Mirkpt —
PIANOS THE BEST. MARKET.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR jiianos, the leading makers; price *in»>
upwaTd; values best In the city PIERPp'-j
PIANO FACTORY, Market. 14^ ffchff^
U S D 4t P «T J% Hayes 10^"^ 7^ 1^ 1 '
MrSTC.Al. fXJTnVMKXT* — Con. A
A STEINWAY upright; must be sold; no rea-
bonabl-? offer ref uaed. Box 2150. Call.
FOR SALE — Weber, nearly new; party must
have some cash. Box 21 1!>. Call.
PARTY going away will rent or sell upright
piano very cheap. Bo* 211S. Call.
COMPELLED to sell account departure. ne-»
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free- party will Rive use of piano fa
party who will try to sell it. R. 36. 217 Geary.
J12S— SCHLEIP uprizhr. excellent condition.
J75: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR viollM, zithers, old and new. n.
MULLER. maker, repairer. ? Latham plact-.
GOOD secend-hand uprlsrhi for sale cheap.
PCHMITZ. 1* McAllister s^
AT KEEFFfTS. 21 Turk it., near Market—
Ph or. inger. Pchnhert ar.rt Stelntvay hnrgaina.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
J5TORE 30x30 with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st.
PACIFIC. 328 — Newly fitted un store; cheap;
also store, SOI Sansome at., $10.
GEARY. 2301, cor. Brod3rif*k— Store suitabla
• for grocery and bar. Apply 230-*? Geary 8t.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; a^
sizes: cheap. H. S. T.'HITE. 516 Mission gff
PALMISTRY. .
MISS LEMPP. palmist: hours 10 a. m. to S p.
m. ; Sundays by app't. 2247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2933.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS pane»ed from $3 up; whitening dona.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31» Third; tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free: general practitioner.
Geo.' D. Campbell, lawyer, Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15- with these suits we make an extra pale
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic offlce, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electrlo
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market : 70O rooms ;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. manicuring, shamrxx-ji
ing. etc.. at moderate prices in America"!^
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON. s
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prtcea-
DRUMMERS' samples of exquisite dress skirts
at half original price; direct from Paris and
New York; your choice of 265 to select. Hls-
tory building 723 Market gt.. room 11.
THE latest and beat things In ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS .CO.. 156 5th.
FOR the best 'hair at cheapest price* go to
LEDERER. Switches. $1. $1 50, $2; hair-
dressing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. US Geary St.. NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every jdescrlptlon.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. MRS. H. EATON, 42T
Sutter st. ,
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 508 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, whers
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call ca
Dr.G. S.Moore. :!S2 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 7*53 Valencia st., cor. 10th.
GOLD cure for drunkenness: sure remedy; tes-
timonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles ifestrcyed with,
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st. .
LADIES — I will give you valuable information
free. Ad. MME. DeHAVEN, box 2130. C£ll.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle.' 9CS Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play booxs. wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. T33 Mkt.
Masquerade costume3 at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 20 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
XEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny »t.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at offlce, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at offlce.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS
Real Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery *SL
MODERATE PRICED HOMES
$10.000^ — A NW. cor. on Webster St.. 33x90. v
with depth of lot on N. side of street,
thereby giving all light and sun that
can be had; good three-story house;
all street work done.
$10,000— Gough st.. near California; 27x97; fln»
two-story and basement home; all
street work done; fine residence dis-
trict.
$10,000^ — Laguna st.. in best portion; 28x136;
two-story, attic and basement house,
having 12 rooms and bath: modern
plumbing; furnace and thoroughly
modern.
$9,750 — Jackson St.. north side; 24:6x115; two-
story house of 8 rooms and bath;
J $4000 recently spent on the house;
worth $65 a month if rented.
$9,500^ — California st., with good view of city;
27x134; two-story and basement house
of 0 large sunny rooms and bath; lat-
est plumbing; level block; can give-
easy terms.
$D,000 — Washington St., north side, near a '
plaza; 27:6x137:6; four-year-old resi-
dence. 3 rooms and bath, attic and
basement; basement has concrete floor;
built for a fine home; all modern con-
veniences; fine burglar alarm appa-
ratus in the house; street work all
done.
$9,000— Post St.. north side, extra large lot;
house has 0 rooms, bath; conservatory
and barn- on the lot; large grounds
laid out In fine garden; an ideal home.
$8,7oO — Twenty-fifth st. corner; good two-
story house; lot 37x130.
$3,500 — Jackson St., Western Addition: good
9-room houss; rents for $60; good resi-
dence location.
$3.500^ — Octavia st. corner. In fine portion;
house of 0 rooms: bath; planked base-
ment; brick foundation: all street
work done; flrst-clasa neighborhood.
$3,000— O'Farrell st., almost down town; two-
story and basement house of 9 rooms; W
fine buy for residence and for futura A
Increase ' '
$3,000— Spruce st.. in Presidio Heights, 34x98.
! with new 10-room fine residence; 2
baths; reception hall; heater; electrto
lights; first-class In every respect.
$7,500 — Baker st. ; two-story house: 10 rooms,
bath; finished basement and attic;
near entrance to Panhandle.
$7,000— Page St.. 20x135; fine two-story house
10 rooms, . finished basement, bath ;
house cost $6000 to build; street work
done : cars passing. .
$7.000^ — Gough st.. west side: good two-story
house; very convenient to town; splen-
did neighborhood.
$5700 — SACRIFICE: nice flats: well rented:
warm belt Mls3ion. Owner, box 21C5. Ca'.I.
REA X EST. ATE— CO V NTR Y — For Sale
~FOR~SALE ;T?EAr"eAN
Small tracts, $G0 to $30 per acre, on Ranch >
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
can -Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phleta and Informat ion.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach & prune
lands to sell; right lrcality: big money: easy
payments. Healy & Henderson. 6 Eddy st
K>L"LTKY and dairy ranches for sale: write fof
fri» list. C. Tt WTNFTTCT.T> Petaluma. Ca>.
sALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW cottage of « rooms; $400 cash and $15
per month; near station. J. H. YOUNG,
builder, 1243 Pr.rk|st.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; '^ cash. Banlx of Al*.■>HKKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
UKniiFLEV^JtinAL ESTATE.
II HOKI.'S. rar.cir.K in prices fronj~fiiootr'tOi '
}3&C<i tn terms at from S.-.0 to jiao <3cwn. ail i
_in the OMine of construction; all modern aii.1 •
have frox 0 roomy ir.J bath up to » rooms arid !
bath; situated cr. the iocal Berkeley real •
civinp tht- EUB* service and time as the Oak-
i;ir.d local from Seventh and Droadway to
iiaa Frtacisco. Further information ai>cly
A. J. SXYDER.
<C7 Ninth tt.. Oakland. C&L
Or Branch OfiVe
A. .1. SN'YIJER.
Adeline Ptallor, Uerkeley,
OAKLAA'i ADYERTlSiiMLNTS.
OFFiCb— 1118 BkUADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$4:t00— : A BKAND XEW HOUSE
Location 2utla and Webster sta. ; lot 43 feet
frontage; house of . rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest in every fietkll
and 6ai&: this property originally belor.sed
to an estate and it :iow must be sold; only
a ftw blocks to 14th and Broadway. local
trains and business center and Postorfice: this
!.reperty can be rented for $45 per month-
SI to fccupy n it? Stment " purch — dId *°'
J. S. MYERS & CO..
• +002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
*X«0— RESIDENCE IN LINDA VISTA
The very nob hill of Oakland: lot 75 feet
•rcatage; large house of » rooms, barn; all
:n tirst-class condition; almost new; thle prop-
erty should sell for $10,000; an ideal home and
a first-class location.
_ J. S. MYERS & CO .
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
S2000— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new G-room house; note, lot 50x140:
pur.ny exposure; street work all complete- In
firct-clais condition* near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and cur
instructions are to sell without reserve to the
highest E.nd best bidder; terms only $500 cssh.
balance can remain en mortgage: purchaser
caa pay cash if he so desires.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cat.
$3750 — FINE corner residence on main thor-
oughfare; close In; 7 rooms: elegantly fin-
ished in hardwood: stairway of white e«»dar;
■up to date Dlumbinjc; cemented basement,
lfcWa front and rear; must be sold; owner ,
roing away; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
51750— ORIGINAL COST $3500.
Store. 3 living rooms and a large corner lot;
tn elegant place for a grocery, bakery or
laundry; death of the owner cause for selling-;
the late owner of the property conducted a
■very successful grocery business and left con-
siderable money as a result of his success In
business, the estate must be closed at once,
hence the sacrifice; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
6. M. DODGE & EON.
11C0 Broadway, Oakland. *
$3250 — Something extra nice in the way of a
tjidern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
»;d out toward Berkeley: lot 60x125; 7 rooms
tmth. Poll and let tm Fhow you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
CUNNT lower fiat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
tve. electric cars, corner Wsshicston and
Eiphth ets.. come within 1 block. Call cr
ec-5re>g 1K9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AXO BOARD.
THE Fifth Avenue House — Furnished sunnjr
rooms, with or without board; at reasonable
rates; 2 ear lines; short walk to local. Fifth
ave. and Eichteer.th st.
OAKLAND FCKVITCBE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY~39. off Market — 2 eunny rooms; light
housekeeping: private family; $12.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 connecting furnished house-
keeplng. $12; also elngle. S* to $7.
PAGE. 116, nr. Gough — Elegant newly furn. al-
cove suite: fraa stove; separate water: grate;
fiUhes; $22 50; adults; also large side room.
HOWARD, 72S, near Third — Front sunny room
V and one housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 10C3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furn. rms.; running water; range; $12.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny basement suite; rear; yard;
laundry; gas stove; $14.
OAK, 120—2 nicely furnished basement rooms;
no.
SHIPLEY. 25»-2€l — * nice rooms. $8; house
new; good class people wanted only.
TEHAMA. 478. near Sixth — S sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, kitchen, complete; no children ;$ 12.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
R.OOSIS TO LET— Fun. and Cnfom.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
eunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE 148 Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; 1 1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1S64) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant sunny single and double
rooms; travelers solicited; Quiet house.
ELLIS S21 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c. $1 SO night; $1 f>0. $8 wk-; open all night.
FRANCISCO HOTEL — Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mra. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
r GEARY. 1C27 — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water. ga«. bath, phone; references.
HARRISON. 784^6. near Fourth — Finely fur-
nished rooms, bath, all conveniences; home-
llke; $1 week up.
• ONES. 919 — Newly furnished room. bath.
runny, central, private family.
McALLIETER, 136, corner Hyde — Elegantly
furnished suite sunny rooms, with grate, suit-
able for Srst-claas physician; elec. and gas.
MISSION 1728%. near Thirteenth — 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; $8.
KEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nlehed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day op.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Bunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 35W4-. near Market — 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, with use of
parlor; stationary wasbtubs; rent $10, /
STOCKTON. 332 — A sunny suite and singles;
neat and clean; bath: phone; prices low.
EUTTER SZOMt (The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to $7; einrles. $2 to $5 per week: transient.
TURK. 543 — Large front room; 15 minutes'
walk from Keamy st.'; grate, gas and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Dennieton, cor. Valencia end 21st eta —
A In the "Warm Beit"; free from prevailing
■* fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale. C26 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; elngle rooms
with board, $22 tjQ up; excellent table.
THE Plerpcnt, 418 Ellis — Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room. *
CALIFOPvNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS. 619— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; oor.v.; 2 to 6 gents; best table board.
NIARA. €15 Tarlor— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL RepeJler, 781 gutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table: cpeclal rates to tourists.
ROOMS WANTED.
COUPLlf ~bo children, want by January 1.
two or three sunny light housekeeping rooms,
east of Van Negg ave. H. S.. box 2169. Call.
RUPTURE SAXITARICM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 120G Market et ; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
KAI)'tecant8~eJected for *4; collections made;
v city or country. 'PACIFIC COLLECTION
yp.. 415 Montgomery Bt..rooms 9-10;tel.S5S0.
gi-wiarc machines axo supplies.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel, mack IViA. 200 4tft.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rewted. exchanged; re-
ti&irisc; ltmeet rates; phene Mint 45. Ii5 Oth.
_™»tAGE AXD XVAREHOrSES. !
PI EKCE-RODOLPH~Sto7a^e^nd'15ovine~CoTI !
office Post and_ Powell sts.; tel. Main .")713.
GOLDEN WEST StorRee" Warehouse. S40 Mis-
gjon st.; tel. Howard 041. F. XV. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fjlimorj st. : phone Jackgon 281. .
UEKIXS Van and Storage Co7."~722~Misslon St.;
tel. Main Htfl : chipping at cut rates..
TO LKASK.
THE new Hotel Buena Vista. 1070 Valencia St..
between 21st and 22d. 2D rooms, all sunny.
with large grounds. In the warm belt of the
Mission: thoroughly renovated throughout.
For particulars apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
_jJ^|M3VVUITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIN¥TN^YrawlirrERS^W^
eell better machines for l«es 'money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 Califcrnla; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors :estimate free. 209 Sansomc.
____^DIVIDE\£XOTiCES.
iroTUAL^sTflNGS^BANK OF^SAN~FRAN^
£ SC 2r~ For the half year ending December
81, 1901. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, Tree of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday, January 2. 1902. GEORGE \
STORY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the saving* department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 190° J
DALZELL BROWN, Manager. "
6AN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
lfornia Et corner Webb.— For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December 1901 a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
???£?/*£: three and forty-two one hundredths
<3 42-1O0) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits free of
taxe 2 > P£J. abIe on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier. "
3 ... 0 *" 113 * 1 Savings and Loan Society 626
California St.— For the half-year ending with
December 31. 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deyosltg. free of taxes pay-
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consult^
tlon free: in bankruptcy and dlvorc* proceed-
ings parties not required to ca liiio court.
Room €11. Examiner bldg. : nhone Black 36C4.
PROPOSALS. .
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
scaled proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome at
Ean Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:3d o'clock a m"*
SATURDAY. December 21. 1301. and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and eommissary supplies for the Vet
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad stal
tlon Yountvllle). for elx months commencing
January 1. 1902. and ending June 30 not
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upo£
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it la
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of th»
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount Epecified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans 1 Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 220 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco. CaL By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVTLLE. Secretary.
TVTATVrtlAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Pasquale Dal Porto, 40, Lsleton, and Malflsa
Belluomlni. 23, lsleton.
W1I! lam W. Feeley. 2S, 11 C9 Mission street,
and Emma Paetzold. 22, 1317 Mission street.
Oliver S. Bailey. 50, 1)87 Howard street, and
Rosie J. Peyton, 30. 987 Howard street.
Peter Barboza, 64, 838% Jackson street, and
Cella Robles, 33, MSVi Jackson street.
Edward Harrington, 33. 915 Howard street,
and Mary Burdick, 35, 915 Howard street.
Samuel J. Taylor. 24, 223 Sanchez street.
■ad Nellie Egan. 23, 3368 Twenty-second st.
Ametico Pardlnl, 34. 912 Sansome street, and
Clotllde MarUnelli. 20, 912 Sansome street. ■ •
John A. Vaccari. 21. 734 Sickles avenue, and
Emma R. Nickel. 19. 129 Morris avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the uubl'catlon offices aa-i be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
' BORN. I
MAYER — In this city. December 16. 1901, to
the wife of A. J. Mayer, a son.
DIED.
Allen, John Lyons, John
• Anderson. Andrew J. McCarthy. Charles
Armstrong. William Morgan, Charles
Black, Jamea J. Morris, James
Braman. Mary Mosgrove. Wm. T.
Buttner, Nellie Nobmann. John C.
Byrnes. Mrs. Bridget Obermuller. Mra. E.
Dale. Martin Ormsby. Anna M. S.
Doherty. John Regli. Maria C.
Dowling, Margaret Repenn, Fredrick C.
■ Erlckson, Albln V.H. Rice. Matthew D.
Flemmlng, Eliza Roberts. Denar
Forne. Addle Scott. Josephine
Hayden. Elizabeth Stelllng, George
Horton, Elizabeth Stlegeler, Franz E.
Howard. Lottie Sweeney, Mary ■
Jancovich. Luca C. Warren, Minnie M.
Kane. Isabella M.
ALLEN — In this city, December 19. 1901, John,
beloved husband of Catherine Allen, father
of Annie E. Allen. Mrs. S. D. Haunsell. Mrs.
T. M. Harn. the late Rev. J. XV. and Nicho-
las J. Allen, and brother of Mrs. O. S. Car-
vill and the late Mrs. James Badger, a na-
tive of Athenry, County Galway. Ireland.
{CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 28. at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1310% Broadway, thence to St.
Brigid's Chureh. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hie soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ANDERSON — In this city, December 19, 1901,
Andrew J.. beloved eon of Gustive and the
late Mary Anderson, and brother of Gustive
Anderson and Mrs. S. H. Trowbridge, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 11
months and 27 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
th» United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery.
ARMSTRONG — In Berkeley, December 20.
1901, William, dearly beloved husband of
Mary, and father of Maria and Carmel Arm-
strong, a native of Bliss, Germany.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BLACK — In this city. December 19, 1901,
James J. Black, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 74 years.
BRAMAN — In this city, December 19. 1901,
Mary Braman, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
BUTTNER — In this city, December 19, 190L
Nellie, beloved wife of William Buttner,
mother of Frankle Buttner. and sister of F.
W. Miner, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years 8 months and 25 days.
ETTriends are respectfully invited to at- :
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 9 '■■
o'clock, from her late residence, 137% Four-
te«nth street, thence to St. Charles Borro- '
roeo'e Church, where a solemn requiem mass
wilt be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BYRNES — In this city, December 19. 1901. :
Mrs. Bridget Byrnes, dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. M. E. Burke and If. C. Byrnes, a
native of Ireland, aged 74 years 4 months
and 4 day*. :.^
DALE — In this city. December 20. 1001, Mar-
tin, beloved husband' of Bertha Dale, and
father of Mrs. Adle McCarthy and Albert
and Wllller Dale, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 68 years.
DOHERTY— -In the City and County Hospital.
December 20; 1901, John Doherty, aged 85
years. . • ■ . :
DOWLING — In this city. December 20. 1901.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Thomas
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
,"-■ .-- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ."..:•
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS. \
OFFXE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
MiW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
i Eainucl McFadden. 18. years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with tn* tarn a company for IS
years: I*. F. Green, late v/lth J. C O'Coa-
I nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors fit 11*1 Mission street, betwera Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1901.
Dowlins, and mother of Mrs. M. J. Mc-
LauRlilin r.nil the l&te Mary Dowllng, a na-
tive of- County Westmeath. Ireland, aged 00
years. - .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 4S Chesley street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERICKSOX— Near Kalif-pell. Mont., December
15. 1901, Albln Victor 'Huco Erickson. brother
of Gerda, Albert and Carl Erickson and Mrs.
Jennie Rasmusaen, a native of Oeland.
Sweden, azed IS years 10 months and 25
days.
»->■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of Albert Brown. 4(58 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cem%tery. /
FLKMMING — In this city. December 20. 1901,
Eliza Flemminp. a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged S3 years.
FORNE— In the City and County' Hospital,
peceniber 20, 1901, infant son of Addie
. Forne. a native of California, aged t day.
HAYDEN— In this city. December 19. 1901.
' Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late John J.
Hayden, and mother of D. E. and J. J.
Hayden, a native of County Wexford. Ire-
land, ajred 64 years. (Virginia City, Nev.,
papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy stree>.
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for th« rfpote of her soul. -commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORTON— In this city. December 20. 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of John D. Horton. a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
inTRemalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
HOWARD— In the City and County Hospital,
December 20, 1001, Lottie Howard, a native
of Indiana, aced 39 years. ■
JANCOVICH— In this city. December 17, 1001.
Luca C. Jancovich, husband of Ellen Janco-
vich, father of Marco and Costo Jancovich,'
and brother of George Jancovich and Angle
Bacocevich. a native of Bunoviche, Austria,
ased 77 years.
C7"Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock; from his late
residence. 1525 Leavenworth street, thence to
Russian Church. Filbert street and Mont-
gomery avenue.
KANE— In this city. December 20. 1001. Isa-
bella M., beloved wife of the late Dr. F.
B. Kane, and father of Dr. R. F.. E. B..
Emma M.. J. Henry and Eulalia I. Kane, a
native of Ireland. ■ . •
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
from St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross ' Cemetery,
via the 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets depot. Please omit flow-
ers.
LYONS— In this city, December 20, 1901, John
Lyons, a native of Massachusetts, aged 68
years.
(T7Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, 2660 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December IS, 1901, Charles McCarthy, a
native of Ireland, aged S5 years.
MORGAN — In this city, December 17, 1901,
Charles Morgan, a native of California, aged
18 years 5 months and 17 days. • -
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. MetEler, 630 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORRIS — In Uklah, December 20. 1901, Jamea
Morris, beloved father of W. A., J. C. and
TV. C. Morris, a native of Illinois, aired 63
years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MOSGROVE— In Corona, Riverside County,
December 20, 1901. William T. Mosgrove,
son of the late Samuel Mosgrove of San
Francisco.
NOBMANN — In this city. December 19. 1901.
John C. Xobmann, beloved husband of ■ Jan-
nie Isabelle Nobmann, and brother of Charles
E. Nobmann and Mrs. J. C. Koop, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3S years 8 months
and 19 days.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, where the services
will be held, under the auspices of Stanford
Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W., thence to Third
and Townsend streets, by the 3:30 o'clock
train. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STANFORD Parlor No. 76. N. S. G. W. —
Members of the parlor are requested to as-
pemble at Shasta Hall. N. S. G. XV. build-
ing, 414 Mason street, to-morrow. (Sunday),
at 1:43 o'clock, to attend the funeral service
of their late brother, John C. Nobmann. By
order of the parlor. ■
BRUCE CORNWALL, President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary.
OBERMULLER — In Haywards, December 17,
1901, Mra. Eva M. Obermuller. beloved
mother of George F., John A. and Anna
Obermuller, Mrs. Lena Neudeck. Mrs. Ma-
tilda Anderson, Mrs. Rose Oltman and Mrs.
Harriet Dennis, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 7 month* and 13 days.
£y Funeral private to-day (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, B
• street, Haywards. thence via 10:40 o'clock
train to San Francisco. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
ORMSBY — In this city. December 19, 1901.
Anna M. S. Ormsby, beloved wife of the lata
L. S. L. Ormsby. and mother of John J.,
George O., Harriet E., Henry S., Edward
K.. Edgar L., Frank E. of Boston, Mass.,
and WilMam F. Ormsby of Honolulu, a na-
tive of England, aged C7 years 4 months and
27 days. (Boston papers please copy.)
{C7"Frlendp and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), tit 1:30 o'clock, from St. Steph-
en's Church, Fulton street, between Webster
and Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriages. Remains at the
funeral parlors of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 318 Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Geary.
REGLI— In this city, December 18, 1901, Maria
Christina, beloved wife of Kasner P. Regll,
and sister of Mrs. Caroline Kichler and Jo-
seph, Nichlaus and KasDer. Kiser. a native
of Canton Obvalden. Sarnen. Switzerland,
aged 58 years 3 months and 14 days.
KT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy &. Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence *n St.- Anthony's
Church, Folsom and Army Btreets. where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated- for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'. ■,
REPENN — In this city. December 10, 1901,
Fredrick C. Repenn, beloved father of
Charles Reoenn and Bertha L. Davidson, a
native of Germany, aged 73 years. .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RICE) — In this city, December 19. 1901, Mat-
thew D. Rice, beloved husband of the late
Amelia R. i Rice, and father of Charles E.
and Geonre K. Rice and the late Maria.
Emma and Lillian Rice, a native of Burn-
church, Ireland, aged 84 years. (New Bed-
ford and Chicago papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
tlie Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROBERTS — In the City and County Hospital,
December 18. 1901, Denar Roberts, a native
of California, aged 43 yearn. •
SCOTT — In this city. December 20. 1901, Jo-
sephine, beloved wife of Robert Scott, a na-
tive of Oakland. Cal.. aged 25 years.
STELLING — In t!nis city. December 19, 1901
George Stelllng, beloved husband of Eliza- I
. beth Stelllng, and father of George, Herman
and Mansaretha Stelllng, a native of Vage-
sack, Hanover, Germany, aged 44 years and
8 months. A member of the Norddeutscher
Verein and Memorial Lodee No. 174. A. O
U. W.
tnrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 200 Lexington avenue.
STIEGELER— In this city, December 18, 1001
Fran* Eugene, dearly beloved son of Mrs'
Albertine Stieceler. and beloved brother of
Otto. Awcust and Hattle Stlegeler and Mrs
M. Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 24
years 1 month and 14 days. A member of
Tailors' Union.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, C39B Minna street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to' St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue be-
tween Jones and Leavtnworth streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for '
the renose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
6WEENEY — In this city. December 18 1901
Mary, relict of Morgan Sweeney, dearly be-
loved mother of Edward Sweeney of Seattle
Mrs. J. E. Pharo, Mrs. H. T. Power of Aul
burn and Mrs. W. F. Armstrong, and eister
of Mathew and James Nunan, a native of
k the parish of St. Lawrence, County Limerick.
Ireland, aged 70 years. A member of the
. Third Order of St Francis. *
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock sharp, from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. E. Pharo
317 San Carlos avenue, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated forthe repose of her soul
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WARREN — In this; city, December 19, 1901
Minnie M., beloved daughter of Richard c'
and Marsraret Warren, .sister * of RicWa'ra'
Joseph. John, Thomas, Lizzie and Maggie
' Warren, niece of John and the late William
Warren, Edward Frank and Thomas Nunan
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 8
• "months and 1 day.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 720 Tehama street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.'
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
.Shanafian Florist Co.
*^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . ,
107 POWELL ST.NtA*ELLJS £S£ 5050
CHRISTMAS CAROLS AND ANTHEMS
TO BE SUNG IN ALL THE CHURCHES
GHRISTMAS MUSIC ■.will' be heard in the churches to-morrow. Augmented choirs and orchestras will render
music appropriate to the holiday.'- .Special programmes have been prepared for the occasion and every sacred
edifice will be crowded with worshipers. Some of the churches will present musical programmes both at the
• morning and. evening services. All the pastors will preach special sermons. The decorations will be of .holly,
greens and berries. . , .* .' - ' . •
At high mass in the Catholic churches the choirs will render special numbers of sacred music. A feature of the II
o'clock mass at St. Mary's Paulist Church will be a violin solo by Mayor-elect Schmitz. He is a splendid performer
on the instrument. - . • •
On Christmas day the Olympic Athletic Club will give a sacred aq,d secular concert. The club rooms will be
thrown open to invited guests. *
BAPTIST.
5MMANUEL BAPTIST, Bartlett street, be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third — Rev.
J. George Gibaon. «...
MORNING." - : •,
Organ, "Pilsrlm's Chorus" . .\ Wagner
Opening dosology by the congregation.
Invocation.
Congregational hymn — "Joy to the World"
Barytone solo, "Glory to God". Wagner
' Rev. J. George Gibson. ■
Responsive reading — Psalm xxiv. ■■
j "Gloria Patri" ".
Congregation please rise and sing. < &
Soprano solo, "The Vesper Prayer"... Bracken
Miss Marguerite .
Prayer .and Lord's Prayer .:....
Chanted by the congregation
Organ, "Christmas Song." from the Danish {
! Gade
; Hymn, "Stand Up for Jeeus" . —
Scripture reading — Luke i:46 to 55.-. -
Notices.
Offertory, "O'er the Hills of Bethlehem"... .
: Shelley
Barytone eolo, "Unto Us a Child Is Born"
' .' '.. Entwistle-
Rev. J. George Gibson."
Sermon. ' , • •
Hymn, "Anywhere With Jesus"............
Benediction. • .
Organ, "Harvest March". .............Gabriel
.- EVENING. .
Organ, ."I Will Eitol Thee" (from Oratorio
of Eli) , ; Costa
Hymn.- "Onward, Christian Soldiers" .\.
Invocation.
Barytone solo, "To Bethlehem's Plains"
(with violin obllgato) .',*..-. Gelbel
. . Rev. J. George Gibson. .
Scripture reading — Isaiah lx:l-9.
Soprano solo, "It Came Upon the Midnight
Clear" i ...:.. Helmund
>• Mrs. L. Wrigh,t McClure. -
Prayer and ■ Lord's Prayer ,~'
: Chanted by the congregation -•
Violin solo, "To the Evening Star" (with
organ » accompaniment), from "Tann
hauser" ...:....... Wagner
Bass solo, "O Love Divine" Devine
Delevan B. Bowley.
Hymn, "AH Hail the Power of Jesus' Name"
Contralto solo, "The Birth of a King"....
• • Neldllnger
Miss Elsie Arden. '
Scripture reading — Matthew 11:1-2. ■
"Gloria Patrl" . : i
Congregation please rise and sing.
Soprano solo, "When Heavens Sang to
Earth" ; Parker
Miss F. H. Perkins.
Notices.
Hymn, "Joy to the World' '
Bass solo. "Lord God of Abraham" from
. "Elijah" Mendelssohn
Ernest" George.
Offertory, "Norwegian Pastorale"
Petre, Op. 27
Barytone solo, "Ring Out" (with violin
obligate) ...Meredith
Rev. J. George Gibson.
Short talk by the pastor
Congregational verse, "My Country, 'Tis of
Thee"
Benediction.
Organ recessional, "Hallelujah Chorus".....
• • Handel
Reader, Merton E. Titus; violin, Paul
A. Normand; piano, J. H. G. Bellis;
organ. Miss Lotta Underhlll; assistant
to organist. Miss Lillian Bennett.
0
OONCrREG ATION AL. /
THIRD CONGREGATIONAL, Fifteenth
street, near Mission— Rev. William Rader,
pastor. ' .
MORNING.
Organ. "Two Christmas Hymns" Guilmant
"While Sheperds Watch Their Flocks by
Night" G. C. Martin
"Gloria in Excelsis" .George E. Whiting
Trio. "The Herald's Song" Charles E. Prior
Ladles' voices. ' ■ .
Solo and chorus, "Noel" Adam
Offertory. "Bethlehem" Coombs
Organ Driffleld
Mr. Rader will preach • on "The Birth of
Christ In the Light of the Twentieth Century."
EVENING. ■ , . ■•
Organ, "Noel" .Oulon
Cantata. "Joy to the World" Lorenz
Introductory praise— "Sing Unto the
Lord." Part I — The Anticipation —
"Rend the Heavens," "He Shall Come ' .
Down Like Rain," "Daughter of Zion,"
"Comfort Ye My People." Part II — ■
The realization — "A Son Is Given,"
"The Angels' Song," '.'Glory to God,"
"O, Little Town of Bethlehem," "Joy
to the World."
Benediction " ■
Organ. "Fanfare" Lemmens
Soloists — Mrs. G. Adderson, Mrs. Lenhardt
Miss P. Hossack, Mrs. W. G Stadtfeld, Messrs
A. Thomas. H. White, Robert Saxe. Chorus of
twenty-five voices. Miss K. Hutchlnson or
ganist; W. C. Stadtfeld. director.
CATHOLIC.
SACRED HEART CHURCH— South side of
Fell street, near Fillmore. Rev. Hugh Lagan,
pastor. .
MORNING.
High mass at 5 o'clock. The Sodality Choir
will 3lngr Wells' third mass. Solemn high mass
will commence at 11 o'clock. The new organ
will be used for the first tlm«, Mr. H. B. Pas
more presiding on this occasion. An augment
ed choir under the direction of Thomas »P
Nowlan will slug the "Kyrie, Gloria, Credo" and
"Agnus Dei" from Haydn's 6econd mass in
C, "Sanctus" and "Benedictus" from Guonod's
"Mej.se Solenelle." Wiegand's "O Salutaris"
and Rossi's "Tantum Ergo." At the offertory
Miss Nellie Mangan will elng Novello's "Adest«»
Fidelis," /'assisted by full choir, which. will in
clude Mrs. McGlade, Misses Moore, Schmitz,
Mangan and McDermott sopranos; Misses For
rest, Ryan, O'Brien, Kane and Allen altos;
Messrs. Smith, powdall, Nowlan; . Dumbnt and
Nowlan, tenore; .Messrs. Bonner, McGlnty
Hlckey, McGulre and Goghlan, bassos.
ST. DOMINIC'S— Corner Bush : and Stelner
streets. Dominican Fathers.
MORNING.
Five and 11 o'clock, "Noel" (Adam), ar
ranged by Brldermann; "Twelfth Mass (Mo
zart); at 11 mass, with orchestra, "Veni Cre
ator" (Monti): offertory, "Adeste Fidelis, Ex
ulta- Sion" (Hammerel); postlude, . "Hallelu
jah" (Handel); organ selections; overture to
the "Occasional Oratorio" (Handel); "March
of the Magi Kings" (DuboiR); "Trlumph&le"
(Lemmens). Rev. Father' O'Nell will dellv«r
the sermon at the 11 o'clock mass. Solo choir,
Misses Roeder. Joseph, McCloskey, Mrs^ Clark'
Messrs. Onslow, Long, Webb and Van Ling!
hen. . Mr. Hamilton Howe, organist and di
rector. . \
CHRISTIAN. .
.WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN, Bush street, near
Scott.
MORNING. ;
Prelude. "Sarabande" .Handel '
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
A.' P/Hotaling & Co. (corporation) to Samuel
B. Welch, lot on NW corner of Francisco and
Larkin streets. W 137:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Estate or Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors) to
Stephen A. Born, lot on S line of Union street,
lfiS:9 W of Fillmore, W-150, S 100, E 25, S
37:6, E 125, N" 137:0; also lot on SE corner of
Union and Stelner streets. E 93:9 by S 50;
$8595. • .
Magdalena L. Sablick (formerly Kuhlrt, wife
of A. G.) to Charlotte Gerlchten, lot on N. line
of Hermann street, 106:3 W, of Fillmore. W 25
by N 120; $3200.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F.D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors) to
Stephen A. Born, lot on W line of Steiner
street. 112:6 S of Union, S 25 by W 100; $1050.
Homeseekers' Loan Association to Nettle C.
Burnette, . lot on W line of Farren avenue. 100
S of Ellis street, S 25 by W 40; $10. •
George H. and Mary ,Ann , Baker (by B. P.
Oliver, commissioner) to Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, lot on S line of Green street,
137:6 W of Baker, S 125, W- 127 to E line of
Ojo de Agua de Flgueroa, thence 127 feet to
Green street. E 105; $5400. -.-
Rowland S. and Mary S. : Williams" to Mag
dalena Van Winkle, lot on W line or Baktr
street, C2:0 N of Fulton,, N 25 by W 96:10^;
$10. " : "■- ' - -. '■ ' ' ■•-'■:
Willis A. Dunshee to Dora C. Dunshee, undi
vided V* of lot on N line of Nineteenth street,
60 W of Church, W 25 by N 100; glft.r •'.-*'..:
Fernando and- Julia A. Nelson to Leopold
and Marie Schench. lot on E line of Hartford
street,. 130 :4N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 125;
$10. . ■■•'.' • • ■ ■ ■
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Doug
lass W. Montgomery, lot on E line of Valen
cia street 80 S of Twenty- third, S 120 by>E
130; $12,500.
Thomas H. Scott to Hannah Scott, lot on N
line of Seventeenth street, 340 W of Castro., N
175:1 15-37, NW to a point 182:4 N from N
line of Seventeenth street, S 182:4, E 64; gift.
Helena J. . W. Stevens, also as trustee
George Stevens, Louisa Ellen Allls (Stevens),
wife of E. C. George, Frederick, Eliza Ann
and Walter/ William Stevens, Henrietta-Leono
ra Stevens and R. S. and Sally Esther Kitchen
er, (Stevens) to Charles S. Laumelster, lot on SE
Chorus, ' 'Christians, - Awake".. ....... Brackett
Hymn, "Jov to the World".... Handel
Anthem; "There Were Shepherds"... ..Herbert
Trio and quartet, "Unto Us a Child Is Born"
.........;. ; . Darnlon
Hymn, "Hall the Blest Morn". .. . .WoOdbury
Offertory, "He Shall Feed His Flock" . .Handel
Soprano solo, "O Holy. Night" Adam
Mrs. Ft. L. Rigdon.
Hymn, "All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name"
; Holden
Postlude. march '........ ....,...." Gounod
EVENING. \.
Prelude, "Hymn to the Eternal" .... ..Concone
Chorus. "Messiah Is King" Herbert
Hymn, "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing"
: Mendelssohn
Anthem, "Behold, I Bring You Good Tidings"
-. Root
Hymn, "Silent Night" . . . .... .German melody
Offertory, prelude .Chopin
Tenor- solo Dr. R. W. Smith
Hymn, "I Hear Thy "Welcome Voice"
Postlude, _ march .Battman
■-■•.. » . : '
EPISCOPAL.
ST. PETER'S EPISCOPAL, corner Stockton
and Filbert streets. Rev. W. M. Bours, rector.
MORNING.
Organ prelude — . . . . . .Guilmant
Processional hymn 40 ..Adeste Fidelis
"Venite" .Crotch.
"Te Deum" Semper
"Jubilate" .Garrett
"Kyrie Eleison" .-.- , Gounod
Offertory, "There Were Shepherds"... Vincent
"Sanctus" , ..'......'. Gounod
"Gloria in Excalsls".... Old chant
"Nunc Dimlttis" : : Clemens
Recessional Hymn 56
Organist and director. Miss Lila Maxwell:
ST. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL-7-California street,
near Fillmore. Rev, William M. Reilly.
MORNING. - :. ":
Organ,, processional march ..' ....Guilmant
"Venite" . , Bruche
"Te Deum" in K flat.... .....,..D. Buck
"Jubilate" In B flat.... ...F. Schubert
"Kyrie" Eyre
"Gloria Tibi" .Paxton
Offertory, "Rejoice Greatly, O Daughter
of Zion" T. Smith
Organ, "Fugue In D Minor" (Giant) .Bach
Organist and choirmaster, J. H. Hallowell.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL.
SIMPSON MEMORIAL M. E.— Corner Hayes
and Buchanan streets. Rev. John Stephens,
pastor. . ■ . .
MORNING.
Organ prelude, "Second Sonata".. Mendelssohn
Hymn, "Welcome to the King of Glory"..
Chorus. "The Heavens Adoring" Shepard
Cornet solo, ! selected Professor Harrell
Hymn, "Good Tidings of Great Jjoy"
Offertory, ■ ''Pastorale" Handel
Chorus, "O Holy Night" ...Adam
Barytone solo by Cecil Smith.
Hymn, "Star of Bethlehem"..
Postlude, "Allegro" Mendelssohn
EVENING.
Organ prelude. "Allegretto In B Minor"..
- Guilmant
Chorus, with ' soprano solo, "Tha Infant
King" Neldlinger
Hymn, "Joy to the World"..:
Antlphonal chorus, "Star of Night" ..:... Post
Chorus, "Little Town of Bethlehem".. Nevln
Offertory, "Adeste Fidelis"...'.. Guilmant
Double quartet, "Star of Bethlehem". .Adam
Chorus. ■ "Shout the Glad Tidings". ...Brewer
Male quartet, selected
Hymn, "All Hail the Power"
Postlude. "Grand March" Costa
I. El Blake, director; Miss Mabel Jones, or
ganist.
CENTRAL il;£E.— Mission 'street, near Sixth.
Rev. A. H. Briggs, pastor.
" MORNING.
' "Festival , Te Deum' ' ............... .Chapman
Violin solo, "Melodie" Carl Bohm
Anthem, "Light Flashing Into Darkness".. .
......... Brlstow
Contralto solo, "Nazareth" Gounod
. EVENING.. •
Concert from. 7:30 to 8 o'clock. •■• \ .
Anthem, "Arise, Shine Arthur Foote
Quartet. "O Little Town of Bethlehem" ..
Neidlinger
"O.Holy Night" ..........Adams
Cornet solo. ■ "Nazareth" .Gounod
Soprano solo. "The Christian Herald". .Coombs
• Violin oblisato. .
Anthem, "Sing, O Heavens" ......:..: ..Tours
The quartet, consisting of Mrs. Alice Cramer
(soprano). Miss Logan Tooley (contralto),
Robert Pattlson (tenor), George King (basso),
will be assisted by Mrs. Nellie S. Larsen. cor
netist; Charles Robson,' violinist, and a chorus
under direction of Roscoe Warren Lucy, organ
ist and choirmaster.
• PRESBYTERIAN.
HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN— Corner of Oak
and Baker streets — Rev. John S. Thomas, pas
tor. . .-
MORNING. ' .
Organ prelude, "Hallejuah Chorus," from
"The Messiah" Handel
Doxology ...,
Invocation
Anthem, "There Were Shepherds" Buck
Responsive reading
Hymn 292, "Hark, the Herald Angels
Sing" £ . . . . .Mendelssohn
Reading of Scripture -
Violin solo, "Andante," in G Slatter
Alto solo, "In His Steps" Manfried
Prayer '
"Gloria Patrl" •
Anthem, "Shout the Glad Tidings' 1 .. ..Hawley
Hymn 281, "Awake the Sacred Song". .Handel
Announcements ; ....'......
Offertory, soprano solo, with violin obllgato,
"Th« Christ Child". C. Whitney Coombs
The sermon
Solo and chorus, "Noel" Adam
Hymn 678, "How Firm a Foundation". Reading
The benediction ,
Organ postlude, "March Celebre," from the
- first Suite Lachner
EVENING.
Organ prelude, "Cantllene Pastorale". Ashmall
Anthem, "L*t Us Go Unto Bethlehem".. Hatton
Invocation
Hymn 357, "Hark, Ten Thousand Harps"
1 •••• • Mason
Reading of Scripture
Tenor solo, "The. Birthday of a King"
Neidlinger
Prayer '....
Bass solo and chorus. "The Manger Cradle"
Neidlinger
Hymn 372, "Glory to God" Glardini
Announcements ........... », . .'..*.
Offertory, soprano solo, "The Star of Beth
lehem" .4 .... . .. ; .."i ;Goublier
The address :.... ;.'...:;.:c ......:>........• ■
Solo and chorus, "Nazareth" ..-;„;;. .Gounod
Hymn 339, "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name" ';.............:..... .v. . . .". . Holden
The benediction ......■.....;.'. .f,.';U;.V.... v
Organ postlude, ''Grand Choeur," In D mi- '
corner of Union andBattery streets, E 25, by
S 120; §8500. • : - :
Luca and Luigia Teresa Cassinelll - (Reale)
to Giuseppe Corbelll, lot on N line of Green
street, 187:0 E of Dupont. E 20:3, N 70;6, ,W
20:3. S 20:3; $10. ' ~ - ~ . -, . ,-.„«,
N. A., D. S., Dora I. and F. A. Dorn to
Alexander^ W. Wilson, lot on E line of Taylor
street, 137:6 N of O'Farrell, E 115. S 22:1*. W
22:6, S 42 :C. W 02:6, N 65; $18,500.
John T. and Belle C. Harmes to Schusslci-
Bros, (corporation), lot on NE line of Eighth
street. 137:6 NW of Brannan. NW 68:9 by
NE 275: $10. ' •■ -•.-.
Manuel and Lulu Conception to Henry Wild,
lot on W line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska;,
78 S of Nineteenth (Butte). S 25 by W lOOj
$10.. . • . . " - •
E. W. Scott to John I. Hall, lot on W line
of Rhode Island street, 200 S of Nineteenth,
S 75 by W 100; $77.
J. R.Howell to same, lot on W line of Rhode
Island street, 175 S of Butte, S 25 by W 100;
$10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma Merritt
and W, . R. H. Adamson, executors) to Henry
Huffman, lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue,
425 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by XV 120;
$200.
i William ' H. and: Georgiana Buckler to Fred
erick S. and Florence E. Laff erty, lot on E
line of Fifth avenue, 200 N of Lake street, N
25 by E 120; $860. . ...
Samuel M. ; Grim to '.'Investor" (corporation,
lot 14, block 2. West End Map 1; $10.
. Catherine A. and Edward E. Cook or Koch
to Jacob Stern, lot on SE corner of Fern avenue
and Polk street, S 30 by E 60; $10. •
George E. M. and Pauline Corthay to Frank
Dunn, lot on S ; line of Page street. 192:0 W
of Gough, W 27:6 by S 120; $10. .-.
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to Caspar
Zwierleln, lot on N line of Hayes street. 120 E
of Hteiner. E'50 by N 137:6; $10. ,
- Pacific Loan Association to Mark Wolfsohh,
Jot on S line of Pine street, 118:9 W of Baker,
W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Frank Garcia Jr.- to Donohoe- Kelly Banking
Company, lot on SW. corner of Sacramento and
Franklin streets,- W 137: 6 by S 127:8%; also
lot on NW f line of Mission street, 205 S W -• of
Sixth. SW 25 by NW 85; also Jot 'on W line of
Mission street," 185 S of. Eighteenth, S 25 by .W
80; also lot 'on' NW. corner "of Point Lobos and
' nor .' Guilmant
The choir — Miss Florence J. Doane, Mr». H,
B.> Cady, Charles Jenkins, Mrs. A. F. PilUbury,
Mrs. John M. Williamson. Miss Alice S. Boo
bar, David W. Wise. Miss Jean S. Currie, Miss
MabeL Florence Gordon, Edward M. Moore,
Mrs. Maud Day Caine, Charles E. Ker. Marley
F. Hay. Dr. J. A. Klelser, assisted by Mrs.
Charles A. Gwynn, violiniste; William F.
Hooke, organist and choir master.
CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN— Corner Cali
fornia and Octavla streets.
EVENING.'
Organ prelude Organist R. D. Burness
Invocation Pastor
Hymn 05, "While Shepherds Watched"....
:... Congregation
Anthem, "Every Valley Shall Be, Exalted"
(Holden); "O'er the Hills of Bethle
hem" H. Rowe Shelley
Soprano solo. "Our Song of Joy" Gounod
Miss Charlotte Spencer.
Scripture lesson ,
Tenor solo, "In Old Judea" Adam Gelbel
Herbert Williams.
Duet, "Brightest and Best". ... ..Mendelssohn
Mrs. E. N. Klock and Miss Xena Roberts.
Prayer : Pastor
Response, -trio, s "Lift Thine Eyes"
' Mendelssohn
Notices and offering
Offertory, 'The Christ Child".. C. W. Coombs
Mrs. Edith N. Klock; violin obllgato, Henry
Heyman.
Hyinn OS, "Joy to the World, the Lord Is
Come" Congregation
Address Pastor
AHo solo. "It Came Upon the . Midnight
Clear" Meyer-Helmund
Miss Xena Roberts; violin obllgato, Henry
Heyman.
Anthem, "Hark, Hark. With Harps of
Gold" G. W. Marston
Violin obllgato. Henry Heyman.
Hymn 642. "Hall to the Brightness of
Zlon's Glad Morning"
Benediction
Organ postlude
The choir is composed of Mrs. Edith N.
Klock, soprano; Miss Xena Roberts, contralto;
Herbert Williams, tenor; W. C. Campbell,
basso and director: R. D.' Burness. organist,
assisted by Miss Charlotte Spencer, soprano,
and Henry Heyman, violinist.
LEBANON PRESBYTERIAN, Twenty-third
and Sanchez streets. Rev. Richmond Logan,
pastor.
. • ; MORNING.
"Behold, I Bring You Good Tidings". . . .Goss
"Calm on the Listening Ear of Night"....
Williams
"Hark! What Celestial Sounds" Lennan
"Cantlque de Noel" ..'.... Adam
"While Shepherds Watch Their Flocks
by Night" . . : Sbuey
evening;
"Sing and Rejoice"..... Barnby
"All Praise to Thee!" Fearls
"When the Prince of Peace Was Born"
- Danks
"Sing to the Lord" .' Belrly
"Hark! the Herald Angels- Sing" Barrett
Choir— Mrs. S. M. Darragh, Misses
E. Nettle Mocre, Norah Kane, G.
Libby, Bertha Lightner, David Lewis,
A, C. Brown; organist, William Barr.
UNITARIAN.
FIRST UNITARIAN, corner Geary and
Franklin streets. Rev. Bradford Leavttt, min
ister.
MORNING.
Organ prelude, "Pastorale Symphony". .Handel
Processional by the children of the Sunday
school, "O Little Town of Bethlehem"...
Phillips Brooks
Hymn 1 — Tune, "Old Hundred"
Anthem
(a) Recitative — "Comfort ■ Ye My People"
(tenor solo) Handel
(b) Aria— "Every Valley Shall Be Exalted"
(tenor solo) Handel
(c) Chorus— "And the Glory of the Lord"
. Handel
Responsive read Ing
Gloria — "Now Unto the King Eternal"
Mornlngton
. Choir.
Anthem
(a) Recitative (alto solo) Handel
<b) Aria and chorus — "O Thou That Tell
est Good Tidings" (alto solo) Handel
(c) Chorus — "Unto Us a Child Is Born"
Perclval
Scripture reading '.
Prayef
Offertory and anthem
(a) . Recitative (soprano solo) Handel
(b) Chorus — "Glory to God" Handel
(c) "Rejoice Greatly" (soprano solo). .Handel
Sermon -
Anthem, "Hallelujah Chorus" Handel
Hymn — Congregational (No. 157 in service book)
Benediction •.-■.". .
Organ postlude — "Lift Up Your Heads O , ;
Ye Gates" Hande! !
Church choir: Sopranos — Mrs J. L. Wil
liams, Mrs.. R. E. Hathorne, Miss Mabel Quat
man; altos — Mrs. F. V. Cox. Miss Grace Ew
ing; tenor, O. L. Lienau; bass, J. F. Fleming.
Assisted by: Sopranos — Mrs. J. E Gordon
Miss M. C. Gibson, Miss H. C. Heath- altos
Miss Rebe Burtnett, Miss Lulu Feldhelm, ' Mrs. I
E. ' L. Wakeman; tenors — Robert Collier !
Charles E. Taylor, Charles D. Northrup; bassos I
— C. A. Hunt. F. T. Knewlng, Hiram Page, j
H. Bretherick. organist and director.
MISCELLANEOUS.
On Christmas day the Olympic Club will I
hold a sacred and secular concert. The music,
vocal and orchestral, will be of the highest ■
order. During the afternoon John D. Spreckels j
will be presented with a handsome silver set
in appreciation- of the great good he has done'
the athletic institution. General W. H. L. i
Barnes will deliver the presentation speech, '
The following programme will be rendered : i
Overture. "Jubel" Weber
Orchestra.
Song, "Nazareth" Gounod
L. Van Linghem.
Carols, (a) "God Rest You, Merry Gentle
men" Traditional
(b) "Cradle Song of the Virgin"... Barnby
(c) "The First Nowell" . . : Traditional
Choristers from St. Luke's Church
Song, "The Holy Vision" Gounod
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard.
Song, "Noel" Adam
Donald de V. Graham.
Presentation to John D. Spreckels.
Address by General W. H. L. Barnes.
Piano solos, (a) "Serenade Hopekirk
(b) "Scherzo" Karkanoff
(c) "Etude in G Flat" Chopin
' Miss Hullah,
Song, "Who Is Sylvia?" Schubert
Mr. Graham.
Songs, (a) "The Ravens". Old English
* . <b) "Where the Bee Sucks".... Dr. Arne
Mrs. Blanchard.
Song. "I'll Sing Thee Songs of Araby"
••••• ••••• ; '" Frederick Clay
. . > Mr. \ an Llnzhem.
Carols,(a) "Good KlnK Wenceslas". Traditional
. (b) "Listen, Lordlings" Ouseley
■ , (c) "Wassail Song" '.Traditional
".Choristers from St. Luke's Church.
Twenty-eighth avenues, N COO W 141 SE
(j|2:8. E 85:4; also lot on XV line of Ion street
100 S of Bacon.. W 120 by S 100. being lot 2.'
block 150; also property In other counties- iio'
.Covington Johnson, Juliet J. Meaes and' Cor
nelia - J. Prlngle to William Bogen. lot on S
,line of Oak street. 111:3 W of Central avenue
(Lott), W 51 by S 137:6; |10.
Estate of Charles S. Johnson (by William B
Prlngle, administrator) to same, same- $1147
William Bogen to Elizabeth Bogen, lot on S
line of Oak street. 111:3 W of Central avenue
(Lott). W 51 by S 137:«; $10.
John. Coop and Jlmni W. Smith to Lincoln
Sonntag, lot on W line of Clayton street. S4tS
N of Frederick, N 25:6 by W 0tl:10%; $10
Robert- L.. and Clarissa L. Taylor to Gustave
C. Llndauer, lot on W line of Capp street. 1(31 •«
S of Twentieth, S 55 by W 122:6; $10.
Gertrude Elaine Canney (Wolfe), wife of
Frederick G.; to Clarence N. Wolfe lot on N
line of Twenty-third street. 56 :C W of Bart
lett, W 24 by N 120; $10.
Union Loan Association to Michael and Ed
ward Pendergast. lot on W line of Florida
(Columbia) street, 14-J S of Twenty-fifth SB
by W 100; $1250. " '.-. !"~
William P.; Mary Ann. Anastasla and Marr
Ellen Lambert (by Henry P. Umbsen (commis
sioner) to \\ estern Loan Association lot on W
©Viw^a?: VS U0 v oi Twent y-flrst. n
C. and Christina Butcher to Michael
D. Cogley. lot 155. Heyman Tract; $10 ■
Susannah M. (or Susan M.) BJumsnber* to
ST5; aaTf^W^nro! Davla 3 " "•
Estate of Robert Willis (by John and r»-ri»
Willis, executors) to John V art I lina BahrL
lot on E line of Leavenworth street. 40^? «r
2 V o? n^cs1c! 9^bo E 37:G - ■*•*?? *& *
Dies From Apopletic Stroke.
' C. B. Joseph, who resided at 513 Eddy
street, was stricken with apoplexy ye*ter
day afternoon at the corner of Mason and*
Eddy" streets'.' He was removed to' the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
died shortly afterward. Joseph is said to
be the proprietor of a ftrug store rn Reno
Nevada.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Dec. 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
-.- C Bid.Ask.| .Bld.Ask.
4s quar reft.Ul^liaviUs quar coup. 108% —
4s qr c (new)i;»-u,140 Us quar cp. .112^11354
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ".
Bay CPC5S.108 10S*s Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st 5s 119 — Ombus C Os.130 —
C C Wat Pa. Ill — Fac G In* 4s. 93',a —
EdL&Pfis. — — Pk&CHes..— 112
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s.l21 —
Oeary-st 6s.— 100 Powl-st R «s.HS%120
H C4S 5V«s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 96 —
Do 8s — 109 SF & SJVos. — 124
L Ansr R 5s. — 120 Sierra Cal 6« — —
L A Lght 69.IOI 1i — 5 P of Ar 6a
Do eta fis.100 — (1900) ....H3%mH
Do fftd 58.102% — (1010) — —
L P t A Ss. 99 — S P of Cal Cs
Do lcm Ss.101 103 I (llHwnSr A.10TT410S
Mkt-st C r,8.12T7i — ] (l!>O5)Sr B.108H —
Do lcm 5s. — 123 J (1!XWV> lKHillt
N R Oat Cs. — 115 (1812* 12O —
Do Eo 121%122Vi S P Ca! 1st
N Pae C 68.107% — . c snt.15s.tlO —
IN Ca! R 5s.ll2Htl"^ S P BrCal«5s.l36 —
Oak Gas Bs.113 114H S V Wat 63.111*I112>4 -
Oak Tran fis. — 125V- I>o 4s 102VjM« :vH
Do 1st c5s.Hl — Do 43 Sd mlOl 161 *$
Oak W g: 5s.. 104 til OS l£ Stkn Ctu «s.lO2 106
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coata 74^ 70 (Port Co^ta.. Kltyt*
Marin Co.... 58 — iSprnis Val.. SdYt 8T
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2*i | Pac LUrht... 45 —
Eqt G L. Co. 3 3% Sacramento . — 35
Mutual — ' 5V. 9 F" G & E.. 4Mi 44
O O L ft II. 51 — "<San Fran 5%i 5«&
Pac Gas Imp — 40 1 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.240 — /
BANKS.
Anplo-Cal .. 7014 — L P & A 162 170
California . .416 420 Mer Ex (l!q>. 1S«£ —
Cal Safe Dp. 110 — S F Natlonl.135 —
First Natnl.3?5 350
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1023 — ! Sav & Loan. — 80
Humboldt . . — — Security Sa.v.315 —
Mutual Sav.. 6« — Union Trst..l800 —
S F Sav U.525 — •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..140 — Marfcet — 88
Geary — B0% Presidio .... S5% —
POWDER.
Giant — 84*ilVlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4% ; Kilauea — 12
Hawaiian ..34 — JMakawell .. 24% —
Honokaa ..'.. 10 10% Onomea .... 22 —
Hutchlnson . 14 15 IPaauhau ... 10 •—
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. ICO %1TOV» Oceanic S C. — 43
Cal Fruit As. — 10Q Pac A F A.. 2% —
Caj Wine As. 87 # 88 ii Pac C Borx,l«5 —
Mer Excbge.110 — Par Paint... 1& —
Morning Session.
Board —
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 25
Street —
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 5b Ill 25
$0000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) .. 102 T5
- Afternoon Session.
60 Alaska Packers' Association.... 170 00
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 25
25 California Wine Association SHOO
SO S F Gas A Electric Co, s 90 44 0O
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75 '
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 00 43 87*4
20 8 F Gas & Electr r. Co 43 87^
$5000 S P of C 6s (100r. Series A).... 108 00
10 Spring Valley Water 8tt 75
100 Spring Valley Water 88 50
Street —
15 Contra Costa Water 75 00
PRODUCERS' _OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — :.■/■■'.
1800 Bear Flag 01 .
100 California-Standard 18
•JUO California-Standard 17
COO Giant 26
100 Home 3 30
100 Lion ©7
1900 Lion 08
500 Monarch of Arizona 19
600 011 City Petroleum 21
300 Reed Crude a*
10 San Joaquin Oil & Development.. 6 50
Afternoon Session.
' Board —
2400 Bear Flag 01
100 Four 48
10 Hanf ord 00 OO
200 Occidental of West Virginia 25
20 Peerless 5 00-
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the • sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
1000 Justice 07i. 200 Ophlr 64
500 Mexican 2t5l
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 15 200 Ophir €8
' 500 Best & Belch. 11 100 Savage 04
I 300 Caledonia .... 19 100 Utah 07
400 Con C &. Va.l 60 400 Tel Jacket... 10
500 Mexican 3$>
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ■; j -/
200 Best & Belch. 10, 200 Ophir 63
200 Best & Belch, llj 20O Ophlr 65
300 Con C & V.I 57^ | 300 Union Con ... 10
1000 Justice 07 500 Utah 07
300 Mexican 25: 200 Yel Jacket... 10
300 Mexican . .... 26
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 12 100 Ophir " 67
200 Challenge ..... 15 200 Ophlr 71
100 Con C &. Va.l «0 200 Ophlr^ 74
350 Gould & Cur. 05! 500 Savage 03
1100 Mexican 28 200 Sierra, Nev... 17
300 Mexican ,29 200 Sierra Nev... 18
600 Mexican 36 300 Utah 08
700 Mexican 37 500 Utah 0T
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Dec. 20—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice ...... 07 08
Alta 05 0b Kentuck .... — 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash.. ©1 —
Belcher 14 1? Mexican 38 39
Best & Belch. 12 13 Occidental ... 03 05
Bullion — ©2 Ophlr T2 74
Caledonia 21 22 Overman .... 0.J 04
Challenge ... l.t 15 Potosl 03 O4
Choltar 03 05 Ravage 03 to
Confidence .. 55 60 ! Scorpion .... — 04
Con C & Va.l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.. 01 02
Con Imp — 0- Sierra Nev... 17 18
Con NY 01 — Silver Hill ..32 33 •
Crown Point.. 02 03 St Louis .... — 04
Eureka Con... 20 — Standard .... — 3 60
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate ... — 06
Gould & Cur. "04 05 Union Con ... 12 13
Hale & Nor.. 13 15 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yel Jacket.... 00 10
FLOW OF BIVEBS.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per secend, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. 'B. Uppincott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. — •
1900. 1901.
December 8 908 972
December 9 90S 90S
December 10 7SO 849
December 11 780 780
December 12 72S 728 *
December 13 728 572
December 14 670 624
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
.rf • • ■ Second Feet.
< - 1 DATE. ■
1900. 1901.
December 8 1600 3830
December 8 1600 310O
December 10 145O 2285
December 11 1450 050
December 12 1310 830
December 13 1190 750
December 14 1190 600
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRyI
Second Feet.
DATE. _
1900. 1901.
December 8 0500 15,200
December 9 C500 12.200
December 10 ■.-....'.... floOO 11,000
December 11 6205 10.400
December 12 C030 92C0
December 13 6030 StttO
December 14 17,300 7300
HOTEL ARBTVAIiS.
RUSS HOUSE.
E H Slmond. Berkeley E G Smartt, Salinas
T C O'Donnell. PCSS J W Smartt Sallnaa
B H McEnnls, PCSSS L L Gilbert. St Loula
J T Beals. Berkeley , Mrs "W Snell. WUllta
L Parker, Berkeley C A Philips, w & s. Sac
J P Burke. Berkeley M Johnson. Oakland
Mrs O S Sampson. Ariz Mlas Johnson, Oakland
J C Sampson, Arizona i \V A Joseph. Chicago
J L Stewart & f, Chgo'J M McCrosky Holllstr
J W Baldwin. Martin*, F M McPheters Sacto
T Franklin. Texas jR R DUu. Monterey
C Axtell. Los Ang C A French Ashcroft
J W Young. Nevada T Winters Sacto
F M Logan & w, Mer J Ferrell. Grass Valley
F L Bates. Sacto I J E Kelley. Halleck
J Rose. S Jose ' C B Wlsner. Japan -
Miss Cole. S Cruz I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L A Goebel. N Orleans- E C Jaques, Chicago
J W Crosby. Eureka R V Sterling Arizona
A.Lynes, Chicago P Stlnman. Chicago
F Bush, Nebraska R T Justice Kan City
C W Dodd. Georgia R A Hardie B C -■
A Dufturd. Los Ane C H Shlnn. Berkeley
H Murray. Santa, Hosa S L Ordway Sacto
E W Madsen. Iowa Mrs Pruett 'Oakland
F E Smith, Chicago E L Berry, San Luis O
E L Nash. Los Ang J W Scott. Lodl
H F Lewis. Chicago T B Demaree Colusa
Mr* Lewiv Chlcata
1314
ACCUSE BOARD
OF MALCONDUCT
Defeated Union Labor
Party Candidates
File Contests.
Allege That Ballots Cast
for Them Were Not
Counted.
Fifteen of the candidates of the Union
Labor party who were defeated for Uu»
office of Supervisor at the last election
filed suits yesterday contesting: the elec
tion of those who were reputed to have
received more votes than they did, and
who will in consequence go into office on
January S.
The contestants allege that the Board of
Election Commissioners and the election
officers at the last election were guilty
of malconduct and counted for their op
ponents votes that were cast for the de
feated candidates. They ciaim that the
number of such votes amounted to three
in each of the 303 election precincts. .
R. W. Roberts, defeated Union Labor
party candidate for the office of Treas
urer, is among the contestants. He claims
he received more votes than the returns
of the election give him and therefore
sues to have John E. McDougald, who de
feated him, disqualified. John J. Daugh
nev, who ran for Tax Collector against
Ed'ward J. Smith, is also dissatisfied with
the returns made by the Election Com
missioners, and is contesting the election
of Smith on the same grounds as the
other contestants. ; •
The defeated candidates for Supervisor
who filed contests yesterday are the fol
lowing named:
Charles Calhoun, Rudolph Urbais, H.
McKeritt, Edward L Walsh, James A.
Brien, James C. Aird, John M. Murphy,
Winslow D. Getchell, Washington Kugicr.
Joseph Lyons, Thomas H. Finn, John
Coglan. Joseph F. MeEntee, Charles
Harcourt and Thomas Reagan.
A special session has b<?en called for
January 8 for the hearing of the contests.
They have been assigned to Judge Kerri
gan's court. The attorneys for the con
testants are Pierce and Glllogly.
JUDGE DE HAVEN SAYS
THE SHIP WAS SOUND
Dismisses the Libel of H. Levi & Co.
Against the .British Ship Mare
chal Suchet.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion dis
missing the libel suit of H. Levi & Co. vs.
the British ship Marechal Suchet et al.
for damages received by a part of her
cargo on a voyage made from. Liverpool
to San Francisco, via Cape Horn. Costs
were awarded to the claimants.
In his opinion Judge de Haven says:
The burden of proof that the vessel was sea
worthy and that the damaee sustained by her
cargo •was occasioned by perils of the sea Is
upen the carrier. Seaworthiness is a question
of fact; and upon a careful consideration of the
evidence my conclusion is that the Marechal
Suchet was seaworthy tt the commencement of
the vovage; or, in other words, that she was
in a condition reasonably fit to encounter what
ever perils of the sea a ship of that kind and
laden In the way in which she was, would
fairly be expected to encounter during the voy
age upon which the sailed.
ATTACHMENT IS SERVED
TO RECOVER OIL STOCK
Los Angeles Bank Tries to Secure
Possession of Property Belong
ing to Defaulting Cashier.
The Farmers' and Merchants* Bank of
Los Angeles filed a writ of attachment
yesterday on certain shares of stock of
the Canfield Oil Company said ta be
owned by Henry J. Fleishmann, the de
faulting cashier of the bank.
The amount involved In the writ Is $90,
000, representing the value of 37,837 shares
of the stock, with particular reference to
a certificate numbered 37, calling for 20,000
shares.
The attornej's of the bank did not know
the name of the president or secretary of
the oil company and were busy all after
noon endeavoring to ascertain the infor
mation necessary to serve the writ. They
finally located J. A- Chanslor, secretary
of the company,, at the Palace Hotel, on
v.hom the writ was served.
Mechanics' Institute Lecture.
The next of the winter series of the
Mechanics' Institute lectures will be held
to-night at the Mechanics' Institute Li
brary building. The lecture will be de
livered by Dr. C. S. G. Nagel on "Eye
Diseases," what the public should know
of them. The lecture is free to members
of the institute and their friends.
Absolutely Pure
Made from grape cream of tartar
most highly refined and chem-
ically pure. Leaves neither
acid nor alkali in the food.
Care must be taken to avoid baking pow-
■ ders made from alum. Such powders are
sold cheap, because they cost but a few
cents per pound. • Alum is a corrosive, acid,
which taken in food means injury to health.
EOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM »T., NEW YORK. • «-"' •
CRUISER PHILADELPHIA SAILS
TO RELIEVE GUNBOAT CONCORD
Will Be the Only Warship in Isthmian Waters
to Guard American Interests.
THE United States cruiser Philadelphia left port for Pan
ama yesterday under rush orders from the Navy Depart
ment at Washington. On her arrival at Panama the Phil
adelphia -will relieve the gunboat Concord, which is to
come north to go out of commission.
On arrival the Philadelphia will be the only United
States warship in isthmian waters, the Iowa having departed
some days since, for the Chilean coast, where she is to dock
and remain pending further instructions. The gunboats Ma
chias and Marietta, which were at Colon on the isthmian
side, have both sailed north, the latter vessel for Nombre de
Dios to keep watch over some American interests there.
The situation at Panama did not require the presence of
a battleship, but a cruiser was needed, hence the orders dis
patching the Philadelphia. It is reported that the Iowa will
return to this city within a short time.
LAWYERS MEET
IN CONVENTION
California State Bar
Association Holds
Session.
The first day of the first convention of
the California State Bar Association was
hela yesterday afternoon in the Maple
Room of the Palace Hotel. Lawyers from
different parts of the State were present
and took part in the preliminary proceed
ings,'for such was the nature of the first
day's programme. The attendance was
no c large, but the interest in the meeting
is expected to grow as the convention pro
gresses. Officers were elected for the en
suing year and delegates named for the
American Bar Association meeting at
Buffalo.
President R. E. Ragland introduced
Mayor Phelan, who welcomed the law
yers.
Hon. Jackson Hatch of San Jose re
sponded to Mayor Phelan. He outlined
the objects of the convention, which com
prehend all matters which will result in
the betterment of legal conditions. He
said that great legal delays have become
a habit in California, in fact so much so
that it really amounted to a denial of jus
tice. He declared that it was a gross out
rage to tax jury fees against litigants.
The State should provide this means of
trial. These are things the Bar Associa
tion should take up. It should also con
sider the elimination of those men from
the bar of California who are not fit to be
members of the association.
R. It. Simpson reported for the member
ship committee. He said there were more
than 100 " members in the association at
present and that the increase was steady
arcl progressive.
President R. E. Ragland delivered an
address in which he reviewed the work of
the association and suggested that all en
deavor be made to facilitate legal pro
cesses in the courts.
The election of officers then took place,
with the following results:
R. E. Ragland, president; Judge E. A.
Bridgford, senior vice-president; W. H.
Jordan, junior vice president; John D.
Works. Frank N. Short, Jackson Hatch,
Judge Van R. Paterson, James H. Deer
ing, trustees;" R. L. Simpson, secretary;
W. J. Herrin, treasurer.
Three delegates were elected to attend
the American Bar Association. They are
H. G. W. Dlnkelspiel, Henry I. Kowalsky
and Professor Nathan Abbott of Stanford
University.
James Parker Hall of the Stanford Uni
versity read a paper on the Insular deci
sions. He went into the history of the
case and followed out, step by step, the
judicial reasoning- which the Supreme
Court employed in its judgment of the two
famous tariff cases. An adjournment was
then taken until this morning, when re
ports from committees will be heard and
an address delivered by Frank H. Short
of Fresno. D. M. Delmas will deliver the
annual address at 2 p. m., his subject be
ing "Justice as a Factor in Economic Con
ditions."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, l^JKC EMBER 21, 1901.
CITY ARCHITECT
IS UNDER FIRE
Mayor Phelan Will Call
on Mooser to Make
an . Explanation.
The attention of Mayor Phelan was
called yesterday to the alleged fact that
City Architect William H. Mooser is
using his official position to advance his
private interests. Mayor Phelan has
been informed of certain acts of Mooser
which he will be called upon to discon
tinue, as they are not in accord with pub
lic policy. A number of architects are
displeased at the * course ' pursued by
Mooser, and it Is probable that concerted
action will be taken on their part to rem
edy the matter.
The Mayor's informant, who does not
wish his, name to appear in the contro
versy, alleges that Mooser has succeeded
in having himself substituted as archi
tect on several buildings now in course of
erection or already erected by represent
ing that the requirements of the building
and fire ordinance would be modified to a
certain extent if Mooser should be em
ployed as private architect. It is said
that on this representation Mooser dis
placed Architect T. J. Welch on the De la
Montanya building, now in process of con
struction at the northwest corner of Pow
ell and Washington > streets. It Is fur
ther alleged that after Mooser assumed
charge the elevator shafts of the building
were built in violation of the lire or
dinance by the use of wooden instead of
iron lathing.
Fire Marshal Towe has made two com
plaints about the violation of the fire or
dinance, but so far without result. Towe
says that his protests are treated with
such scant courtesy by the building bu
reau of the Board of. Public Works that
he will in future refrain from filing any
further complaints.
Another instance quoted to show .that
Mooser is not losing any time while in the
employ of the city government is that of
the erection of a frame building at 112
Front street, which is within the fire lim
its. Application was made by the Demar
tini Company for permission to build the
structure, and it was denied.- A signifi
cant fact is that after the corporation em
ployed Mooser as its architect the frame
building was allowed to be built and is
now completed.
Supervisor D'Ancona introduced a reso
lution at a recent meeting of the Board
of Supervisors which may be a prelim
inary to an investigation of the methods
employed by Mooser in his Joint conduct
of public and private affairs. The resolu
tion calls on the Board of Works to direct
Mooser to give his entire time to his of
ficial duties and to abandon his private
business during his tenure of office. When
Mooser's salary was raised from $100 to
$250 per month, last July, it was with the
understanding that he should comply with
charter provisions, which require the at
tendance of city employes from 8:30 a. m.
to op. m. A sign on Mooser's office door
reads, "Office hours from 9 to 11 a. m."
All Nationalities Depicted.
The Christmas Wasp has taken for its
theme "Cosmopolitan California" and illus
trated it profusely with types of the many
nationalities . represented In our State
Germans, French, Spanish, Italians etc
are all portrayed In most interesting
style. The full-page- portraits of lovelv
California women and beautiful. children
are as admirable in the mechanical execu
tion as in the selection of subjects. The
Christmas Wasp is a number which any
Calif ornian should . he proud to send to
Eastern or foreign friends.
SECOND MARRIAGE MAY
COST HER A FORTUNE
Widow of Henry Nieman Is Sued by
Guardian of Her Son for '
Henry Eggeling, guardian of Henry
Nieman Jr., filed a suit yesterday against
Mrs. Louisa Franz, formerly Mrs. Louisa
Nieman. for a one-quarter Interest In the
estate of the late Henry Nieman, which
he claims is the property of his ward. He
bases his alaim on the ground that by the
terms of Nieman's will his widow for
feited any claim she might have to one
half ' of. the estate by contracting a sec
ond marriage. '
At. the time of Nieman's death a will
was filed . bequeathing an estate valued
at. $35,000 to his widow. He stipulated,
however, that should she marry again
she should not get more than the share
allowed her by law. Mrs. Nieman re
mained single for two years, and then,
in 1S97,- married Franz. There is another
child of her first marriage who Is entitled
to a qurater interest in the estate. Eggel
ing,; however, is only guardian of one
child and is suing for his share only.
Says They Mutilated a Dead Body.
G. Hatanaka, a Japanese living at 16
Berry place, secured j a warrant from
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
Dr. Charles Clark and G. Matsumara
steward in the Nippon Maru hospital, on
the charge of mutilating a dead body
without authority of law, which is a fel
ony under section 290 of the Penal Code.
Hatanaka alleges that his brother, Iwak
lsha Imamura, died from pleurisy on De
cember 7, and that while the body lay in
an undertaker's establishment Dr. , Clark
and Matsumara took It away and muti
lated it by cutting the nead off and cut
ting open the body without the knowledge
or consent of the relatives or the Coroner.
Consumptive Immigrants Are Barred
In response to an inquiry by the'man
ager of one of the steamship companies
United States Immigrant Commissioner
North states that alien immigrants afflict
ed with .tuberculosis will -not be allowed
to land In the United States. North quotes
the decision of the department in the mat
ter of the appeal of Tomljlro Kasahara,
dated August 13, 1900, in which the:Treas
ury Department held that an alien suffer
ing from tubercle on the. lungs was prop
erly excluded upon the ground of being af
flicted with a dangerous contagious dis
ease, r :
SMUGGLED GOODS SEIZED.— Two flve-tael
tins of opium were seized by customs inspectors
yesterday on board the steamer Coptic. A quan
tity of silk cloth found in possession of Li Moy,
A member of the c*ew, was also confiscated.
NAMES WRITTEN
ON THE SLATE
Samuel Simmons for the
Board of Public
Works.
Thomas Boyle Is Placed" for
Fire Commissioner by
Mayor-Elect.
Samuel Simmons, who was an energetic
and efficient supporter of Eugene E.
Schmitz in the late municipal campaign",
will, probably be appointed as Commis
sioner on the Board of Public Works.
Mr. Simmons came to San Francisco from
New York in 1878, and has resided in this
city ever since. He is 32 years of age and
is a practical carpenter and builder. He
served hi3 apprenticeship and worked as
a journeyman carpenter in San Francisco.
Subsequently he enlarged the scope of hla
energy and became a builder of houses
and theaters. It is said that he is not
an applicant for any position in the pub
lic service and has not authorized any
one to present his claims for recognition,
but his zealous and effective work In be
half of the Union Labor party in the
municipal campaign attracted the atten
tion of party leaders and caused inquiry
to be made regarding his fitness for public
duty. - . .
He is well known in the Theatrical Em
ployes' . Association, having been presi
dent of that organization. The members
of this association displayed the greatest
energy and enthusiasm in support of Mr.
Schmftz. He is a member of the execu
tive committee of the Union Labor party,
belonging to what is known as the Parry
faction.
Mrs. Kincaid's Successor.
It seems to be accepted as a settled
fact that Mayor-elect Schmitz will ap
point some man to succeed Mrs. . Mary
Kincaid on the Board of Education. The
gessip goes in political circles that A.
Roncovieri, a musician of some renown
will win the honors and emoluments at
taching: to the office of Commissioner of
Education. There is a strong university
inclination,- passively supported by a
newspaper, in favor of Mrs. Kincaid's re
appointment. The influence invoked on
behalf of Mrs. Kincaid seems to lack po
tency. It is intimated that the newspa
per would not regard the lady's retire
ment from, active work In the cause of
education as deplorable if Charles Wesley
Reed should ■ happen to be appointed to
the Board of Public Works.
There is something coming to Thomas
Boyle. The Mayor-elect when he was
plain "Gene" Schmitz entertained a fond
admiration for equally plain Tom Boyle,
and the ardor of that admiration has not
been dulled by the elevation of Schmitz
to the high office of Mayor. It is true
likewise that Boyle was, always fond of
Schmitz. "When the latter was j exalted
Boyle rejoiced and was merry.
The mutual admiration did not escape
the quick glance of Ned Lanagan. When
it was reported that Boyle was slated for
the Police Commission to succeed Judge
Wallace, Lanagan discerned in Boyle'3
physical and mental make-up all the ele
ments of an up-to-date Fire Commission
er—such a Commissioner as Rainey could
not mold nor ■ Maxwell mislead. . Mayor
elect Schmitz listened with rapture to the
praises of Boyle and began to think with
Danagan that Fire Commissioners were
born and not made. The Mayor-eleqt be
gan to reflect that Boyle would not only
be good as a Commissioner to devise way's
and. means for putting out fires, but as
a newspaper man could see that the fires
were accurately reported. Moreover, it
was taken into consideration that there
would be no trouble in picking out a good
man to succeed Judge Wallace on the Po
lice Board, because the Mayor-elect ' has
been told that twenty-five available men
for that place may be found in the execu
tive committee of the Union Labor party.
The insiders are convinced that Lana
gan's suggestions 'are receiving due con
sideration, and the upshot will be the ap
pointment of Thomas Boyle to the Fire
Commission.. If Asa R. Wells had been
elected Mayor Rainey and Maxewll, who
supported him so zealously, might now
claim the right to name a Fire Commis
sioner, but as Mr. Wells was not chosen
the department may be managed without
their help.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents, for the ."Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens"— $2 50 to 510
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best $1 Fountain Pen In • the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
For COLORED SILK la H B™*0k w.^-^'- jart For EMBROIDERED
EMBROIDE RED S| flfi*- ■»*"^ -*&f\ffikm^ or LACE HANDKER-
IS THE TALK AND 'WONDER OF ALL WHO HAVE VISITED US. AGAIN TO-DAY
WE OFFER OUR HANDSOME LINE OF WAISTS AT THE FOLLOWING REMARK-
ABLE PRICES. ALL WAISTS ON SALE BUTTON FRONT OR BACK, SIZES 32 TO 46.
$1 APZ For silk striped CASH- Dressing Sacaues
lint? MERE WAISTS> rCSUlar $2 5 ° fi^C "or C DlE S flNG a s^CQUES. made
•(/■"•v French Flannel, trimmea witn Kiiir rnHi' n th»r honus aaii .i-ii..
hemstitching and newest tucking effects, eacques for $1 00 h0USeS sel1 8lmllar
. lace effects; similar waists sell elsewhere sacque crocheted In worsted; rood $1 60
»* "O. . value. •-."'-'■', , ■ ■ •
(UQ QSt For choice ■> of our regular $5 «T» | pzf\ for regular 82 ">5 RIPPLR
€t>O«OD and $6 WAISTS, made of lm- Ol»OU EIDERDOWN DRESSING
ported Flannel, some made with vest of SACQUES, round rolling collar, edged In
fine tucked white broadcloth and silk black satin ribbon, full double-breasted
Persian trimming, others have the blouse front; effectively trimmed with elik
beautifully embroidered In silk bow knot ■ cords and buttons.
patterns and many other pretty designs. «CO A A (or $2 60 EIDERDOWN
SK4 QHk For SILK WAISTS, made of V^»vU DRESSING SACQUES, French
<P ~»V*J best quality peau de sole silk, back, very large rolling collar, full dou-
. handsomely . made and trimmed, sold ble-breasted front; satin-bound collar
everywhere at $7 SO. >. ■ and sleeves; trimmed with silk frogs;
ruu^J.2.L*c* r-l^^irt, appliqued In, cloth of contrasting colors;
Children's Cloaks. a handsome, stylish sacque. ,
, Still selling our CHILDREN'S CLOAKS Hr.e!#-nw c' . /
at marvelously low prices. Cloaks on sala , __ nosiery Onap. f
to-day are made of best qua.lity broad- 1 crowds at our HOSIERY
cloths,- kersey, Venetian and Tricot cloths; COUNTER proves . that our jalues are
sizes ° to 14 • appreciated. To-day, we offer you a
To-day we're selling our goo<1 60 ° quality LISLE THREAD
Regular S3 00 CHILDREN'S CLOAKS for FANCY RIBBED HOSE at QSc
' - S2.OO ' v ' • Pair
Regular $3 75 CHILDREN'S CLOAKS for OnIy 6 P^™ «old . to each customer.
?2.75. Corsets.
■ Re8^ 1 5 r r£ 4 50 CH 11 - 151151111 .' 3 CLOAKS for All makes and styles represented; sizes
_, 18. to 36. Remember, we refund your
Regular $5 60 CHILDREN'S CLOAKS for money if after 30 days' wear corset does
' 1J4.23. • ■ . .. . not give perfect satisfaction.
Regular *6 60 CHILDREN'S CLOAKS for ;" Our regular $1 00 Corset for 75c
*5.0O. . . Regular $1 25 Corset ror Sl.OO.
Bili Sflle in Wnmrn'o Rlnck Regular $1 50 Corset for 81.25. ~
Dig °a«C in Women S OiacK Regular $175 Corset for *1.5O.
Underskirts. Regular $2 00 Cor«et for 81.75. , .
The SKIRTS placed on sale are made of Regular $2 25. Corset for S2.OO.
best quality mercerized black sateen and Regular $2 60 Corset for $2.25.
Italian cloths, flounces neatly trimmed with • Regrular $3 00 Corset for .S2.5O.
hemstitchlngs, ruffles, coras ana pinking of . Liberty Siik Neck Ruffs.
""sAlP^Btf-FQ nir TTMnPTtSTCiRTS n« Just received! The latest novelties In
follows- OF. UNDERSKIRTS as L | ber ty silk Accordion Pleated Neck
luuuws _._„,,,, -, B ' v(pf _ Ruffs, elegant effects In all the prevailing
Of& fnr rf£n«r si 9R «wi'rt, ' colors. Including Frenchy combinations In
■ " 8.1B?or^aftl*00^lS^ " ■ Blacj^. and White; prices from 81.00. to
Ii'ro Jn r resu ! ar ii 7^ lu\i\l' r Prices and styles cannot be ' excelled.
*1*«S J^^ISJ lo^!wrt»' • ' OUR STOCK OF WOMEN'S AND
Si ftJ» £1 ™SJ w to m fvlrj." • - CHILDREN'S WINTER UNDERWEAR
.81 .DO for regular $2 50 skirts. IS IN EXCELLENT . CONDITION, AND
Our CHILDREN'S and INFANTS' WE'RE OFFERING GREAT VALUES IN
WEAR DEPARTMENT includes all that's THIS DEPARTMENT.
new and novel In Children's and Infants' ' , We- carry the most complete and best
Sets, including a complete line of long and assorted stock of WOMEN'S FLANNEL
short Silk,' Bedford Cord and Cashmere- WRAPPERS-In thU city; prices from 75c
Cloaks.- ■.• to -.94.00. . - - .' . .
We're Open To-Night Till II O'Clock. V
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES:.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR THE HOLIDAYS. ,
_ Novelties— many or .tbem im-
ported— all new— moat any price.
STUDEBAKER RROSfOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA. (
Market and Tenth St*. ■
Bale's; | Sals'*. I ****'*• {
.••'.' Iwr<-ii -^fi^'. supplying folks with &[ >»s%yvr»«.
/r¥?& 1 what they've forgotten. I -^SiM^V^C/t/P CWC«^^^
'" '-.^m^^. Glove Orders We Issue
»^^W' '! ■* '^I33k Moy Be Cashcd'at Any of Our Stores
%T^^i 'I 1 lV\\WMm!K Sacramento Los Angeles Pstalumz
mf/S^tii\\W^&k SarvJoH Stockton baUna,*
Mi i^^MWik^^ m Our idca in doin & this was to makc il eas -£ and u° r u you ° send , a
mm $Pw\ \\\\)iW^yV^ p ft to y° ur f " end - Shc ma y P resent the ccrtlficate at whichever store she
Jin I Boas J|| • Christmas ,Candy.
—Ostrich /KsflSSiB Buy it at Hale's. You know it is fresh, pure and clean, for it's home-
&M&y " Feathers V^iftP made-made to our special order. That's one reason why we ve an inside on
«*fg0& t ' _ Or chiffon. :j ®& pCreams 35c a Box.
Here's a Christmas treat every \ the very best hand-made r^
woman will relish-not one of them " OJ f ej ch , O .J e ea 2 Wrtment; one-pound p /
who doesn't want a boa for Christmas' ' „_. -'i4 ri j ' • f .jJiiiLLiiuMJPmiJ "' "'■ i m\ 1
(if she hasn't got one already); not 85c a Pound. (^^^^S^^^X^
one who may not have one. , ? ine Chocolate Fig Cream— some- \
thing new and delicious. A Christmas <^^^\ Vl>i <^A
— ~ — ; — . v^ dainty we put forward to-day for the a^* ! »»« fc^ \
Saturday is the time to buy if you'd first time - ■ !!:: 5^J^ !^
be certain of one— working as hard as 3 PopCOPH Crisps IOC,
we can to keep the supply up. They're big, full rolls of five flavored cakes each; the usual price is 5
■' cents a roll; our price, 3 rolls for 10 cents.
The Ostrich Feather £. Dandy Snap 5c a.Ba£.
o wauitl „,, «■ o^o,™ S, e *; u P' made from cholcs selected popcorn, with sliced cocoanut
ISOaS f" fll ™ x «a with old Virginia molasses. Nothing more, nothing less; but it's so de-
ncious and appetizing that w© have not found any one yet who has had enough.
IN BLACK-114 yards, $10 00, $12 50, , _ _ _
yar£. $ K: n7 50: 1Vi $^ Women's Dressing Sacques.
GRAY-l yard, 512.00; . 1% yards, 513.50, Th* Thi-Jetm,. ♦ i L - « .... ...
516.50, 517.50; 1% yards, 530.00. t t, ine <~ nn stmas stocks are at their best, and very inviting; doubly so, for
MAGPIE— 1^4 yards, 512.50, 513.50, 517.50. pretty styles and low prices are proving irresistible.
At 75c— Plain Eiderdown,
rhi99t\n R^ioc? W i h * Cr K Chete l c^ ges - O^y certain concerns in the country are big
tnittOn BOaS. enough to buy sufficient quantities to enable them to make such a price.
$8. 50 -Worth $5.00 At 95c— Ripple Eiderdown.
$5.50-Wortf $8.00 81 ! 45 "r?^' 1 -^ 5 with , contra sting colors; tied with satin ribbon.
tpo.ov* norm *a.uu §7'o5~5 PP e elderdow . n . larpe circular collar, crocheted edges.
We make them ourselves. That's " Sth* erta~t *«§?«' ?S?05 b «3 00*84 75° g * lt ™*-
the secret; no factory profits to be ' * ' * 4> '°
added. Then the material comes from <: V* B! V
stock— the best there is— and minus <^^>s/\V aa r>*»cl<rc €k f <&¥ it- Jt
the jobber's profits. . '^^^^O^l * P^ tO ° L'CSKS 3X Cpl.2^.
That's why the prices are low.' « Y^^^ 5^ One of the good things for Christmas we put on sale
Then the BOAS ARE SO WELL / morning. They are strong and well made, all hard-
MADE. If they didn't hold their fluffl- //v4« \BI wood ' niceI y varnished. Stands 28 inches high, top meas-
nesa and shape we'd not hold our busl- A / \>^V\// urcs 22x17 inches. Has a double blackboard combination.
ness - V \V It's a desk sold in the regular way for $2.00— our price
It we were in a shop on the other side V\ this morning, for the first time, $1 25
of the hemisphere where we'd never see /7/\\ w '- 7. ■».:>
you, we might slight them. Can't afford (I I X s <!• «-v «« -<^» •^ •
to now. You are right her© to hold us )) / »- *kf I Irk I I • Ifk-sl O f+C *%+ f\SZ.s+
to account if anything goes wrong. . £J *P1.^§ JL/U11 UO a VariS 3X yOC
Is another one of the Christmas bargains we throw out this morning
C:~~ C^-^^—^. C, Rattan body, finely enameled in white, red or blue; iron axles, steel wheels.
n 1 re Tee II S %P 1 . 25 Bl « $ x - 2 5 ones for the first time to-day, 98c.
Imitation oak and mahogany "—gw I OV Cfifto, I E?r*
frames, filled with dainty patterned Xgjjg^^gTg * J . V/CII l«3 l^C
silkoline; others of art denim; size Great plaything for the child, painted red, well
21x33 inches; only 6b. You will<wish \J^Q%- *&** made. in the hayrack style, as this illustra-
there were more if you're not prompt. * tion shows.
rERRAIi APPLIES FOB
WHIT OF HABEAS CORPUS
Surrounded by Legal Talent Attor
ney Seeks to Escape Fine for
Contempt.
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral, who was ad-
Judged grullty of contempt of court by-
Judge Dunne a few days ago and fined
$50, or twenty-five days In jail, was be
fore Judge Graham yesterday with an ap
plication for a writ of habeas corpus. .He
had an array of legal lights with him to
support his application, but the luminar
ies were compelled to leave the courtroom
without getting a chance to deliver their
gems of oratory. The court reporter was
not present, so Judge Graham put the
matter over until this morning at 10:30. •
The habeas corpus experts who expect
to save Ferral $50 or a sojourn. In Jail, who
attended the ex-Judg« yesterday, were
ex- Judge D. J. Murphy, Samuel M. Short
rldge, former District Attorney D. T. Sul
livan and D. T. Roy of Chicago. Assist
ant District Attorney John T. Greany rep
resented Judge Dunne. ,
DR.MCNULTY:
q^HIS WEtX-KNOWN AND BKLIABLE OLD
.1 Speclallstc«re*BloodPolson,Gonorrhoe»,Gleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied -Disorders.'- Book on Diseases of Men, tree.
Over20years' experience. Terms reasonable. Hoars,
9to3daily;6:30to8.30ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
Ution free and sacredly confldentuU. Call or address
P. ItOSCOES Mcltf UliTY, II. TO.
K9)4 Kearny St., Mhu JFmnclnco, Cftlt
SABIN TO INTRODUCE
IMPORTANT CHANGES
Will Establish Communication "With
Ferryboats and Closer Connec
tion With Oakland.
During his Christmas visit In this city
John I. Sabin intends to make several
Important improvements in the local tele
phone system. Just at present he is ar
ranging to have telephone connections es
tablished with the ferry-boats which ply
between this city, Oakland and Berkeley.
The boats are to be strung with wires so
that the moment they reach a dock on
either side of the bay instant communi
cation may be had with the people in the
city. The telephone wired on th« shore
will remain attached to the wires tin the
boat until the boat leaves the dock, so
tnat a man may communicate with his
friends in the city up to the very moment
of departure. ,
This is not an entirely new venture In
the telephone business. Telephone com
munication with boats has been' in use
for a considerable time in Stockholm,
Sweden. • > . . -
Arrangements are also being made for
closer connection between code subscri
bers in this city and in Oakland. Here
after when a code subscriber wishes to
communicate with the other side of the
bay he will give the operator the simple
word "Oakland." In five seconds the
operator across the bay will reply, "This
is Oakland," and in five seconds the de
sired connection, will be made.
Hello!
The managers of the California North
western Railway Company, ' always look-
Ing for. the latest and best device for the
comfort and convenience of its patrons,
have now installed on its ferry-boats a
complete city and long-distance telephone
system. Passengers who failed to get the
last word before leaving home can now
get It by dropping a nickel and touching
the button, after arriving on the steamer.
Sudden Death of William McKeand.
| William McKeand, a teamster, residing
at 731 Folsom. street, died suddenly ,last
Thursday evening of what was believed to
be ptomaine poisoning'. He had eaten
freely on the previous day of tripe cooked
Spanish style and was taken sick shortly
afterward with severe pains In the region
of the stomach. A physician was sum
moned hastily, and when he arrived the
patient was in a state of collapse and died
shortly afterward.
An autopsy by Morgue Surgeon Baclga
lupi revealed that death had been causeu
by heart disease and that the stomach
was highly inflamed. The stomach and
contents were sent to the City Chemist for
analysis. . . -. --..;-~
Christmas Toilet Articles.
Dress Suit Cases, Manicure Sets, Trav
eling Rolls, Single and Triplicate Mirrors,
Comb' and Brush Sets, Military Hair
Brushes, Collar and Cuff Boxes. These
are not extravagant articles but very
pretty and Just as good for style and
service as money can buy^ though mod
erate in price. Call and see them whether
you wish to purchase or not. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Incompetent Sea Cooks Must Be Paid.
In the suit of Louis Capillo vs. the
Bristol Packing Company United States
District | Judge ' de Haven handed down
an opinion yesterday ordering judg
ment for Capilo for $107 50 and costs.
Cepillo shipped as a cook but .was
discharged for Incompetency. Judge do
Haven, quoting from a legal authority,
says: - "Merely innocent Incompetency is
not alone a sufficient ground for dismis
sing the seaman altogether from the ser
vice of the vessel."
Nothing Better for Christmas
Than a nicely .framed Water Color,
Photograph, Pastel. Etching or Steel En
graving. Everybody invited to Inspect
these goods, which are the best In qual
ity and lowest in price to be found in this
city. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st •
Will Hear Charges Next Month.
The Iroquols Club met last night and
decided that the charges against George
Krimphoff, who is accused of violating
the constitution of the club by afflliatine
himself . with the Union Labor party
would be heard early In January. \ f)'
Lemxnon was elected as trustee. Adi
dresses were made by. Max PoDDer and
William M. Cubery. both of whom gave
|ntere3«ng^accounts of their recent trips
Romeo and Juliet In Chtaatcrwn. 8e« tha
Chrlstinaa Wasp Ulustratla« Cosmopolitan Cali
fornia. ;«■ -.'■>•., ■.■; *
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
COMB AND TAKE A GLIMPSE AT OXTR
WINDOWS FOR DAINTY DELICACIES FOR
THE XMAS TABLE AND OUR FINE i A? •
SORTMENT OF WINES, LIQUORS AND
CIGARS AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES.
BRAN ULA i ED Bsst Cane Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00
* Market has advanced; Will go higher.
JAMS, Premium Purity Brand, 3 cans . .25c
Raspberry, Stra.wberry, Blackberry,
Currant, Gooseberry, Plum,
Code-Parkwood Canning Co.
Finest quality. Extra special.
Reg. 15c can.
PLUM PUDDING, ?&%$%? llbcan20c
. 2-Ib can, 40e; 3-1 b can. 60c
Regr. 23c, 45c, 70c.
CHOICE Point Reyes Batter, square... 35c
Market Is advancing'
Reg. 45c.
FINEST Creamery, Our Special, souare 421c
Fine Butter our motto. Reg. 85c.
1 Square, 43c
JAMAICA Run, Old London Dock, qt bot 75c
New England Rum. 75c.
. Res. « 00.
NEW Santa Clara Prunes, 5 lbs 25c
Reg. 3 lbs. 23c.
RAISINS, gg-i full weight, 3 pkgs 25c.
Cleaned Currants, seedless, \
2 pkgs. 25c. Reg. 13c V
SWEET Wines. Vintage 1892, qt bat.. 25c
Port, Sherry. Muscatel, Tokay,
Angelica. Reg. 40c and 60c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen.... 25c
Res. 33c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen.'. 371c
1 dor.. 40c Reg. 45c doa.
PURE CALIFORNIA BRANDY, qt bot... 75c
Reff. $1 00.
CHOICE MIXED NUTS. Ib lEc
MUSHROOMS, F. Lecourt, can 221c
Imported. France. Reg. 30c can.
BEST L Bros'. Brand Hams, Ib 13c
Our Hams ar» «uarar-cured
■ and every Ham guaranteed.
Reg. 14%c. £?*.-
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. Whisky, gal.. $2.53
Special request. Reg. $3 50.
ZInfandel and Claret, in stone Jug, gal 75c
TABLf FRUITS, ffi-S cans 50c
Peaches, Pears, Apricots.
Extra quality. Reg. 25c can.
COGNAC, Martell 3 Star, bot $1.59
Genuine Imported. Reg. (2 00.
Scotch Andrew Usher Whisky, it bot. $1.00
..Old vatted Glenllvet. Reg. Jl 23.
C06NAC, Jas. Hennessy 3 Star, qt bot $1.50
„._ Genuine Imported. Reg. $2 00. i
CITRON, LEMON and ORANGE PEEL, Ib $5
Re§r. 20c Ib. "
SWEET CAKES, Fig Bar, Lemon, Ib.. 121c
Ginger Cocoanut. Taffy.
' Resr. 15c and 2Oc Ib.
OLIO PURE D'OLIYE, 1-gal $1.15
Finest Imp. Olive Oil from ■
LA PORTE Extra Sugar Corn, 3 cans- .25c
Rear. 12V.C can.
PETITSPOIS. French Peas, can. 121c
Extra quality. Reg. 20c
COCKTAILS, Yerinoirtli. Vanhattan,qt bot 90:
HAVANA and KEY WEST CIGARS
And all the leading brands, put up at-
tractively tor Xmas gifts at vraolesale
prices.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of theso "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within l(>0
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Ask for
monthly price list — free.
1343-1334 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
gS& CNICHCSTCR'S CNQU8M
PEHNYROyAL, PILLS
fi-M »' CHICHESTEK'S EXGLjfr,!
fa\jjJk&Oy In UED ia.i Cold mqUUis boxw WX*1
*t\ —^iird wltl > b:n9 rlbtMa. T»ie id oti er. BcfWb*
I'/ ~ Iff tlon*. Buy of yoar DrafiUt. or *ni *«. I*
I' Jg huh fbr rtrtlnUn, T **tt»mmlaXm
\W» O *a4 f4 R«ll«f forL.a I«fc"«n toMr.tfN.
«X M tmrm M«li. 1O.0UO T.itlmoBl»it SaUkr
tf«tivattU»r»f«.. . AUibta S 4 «»f«, PBUUU rS