VOLUME XCL-NO 4.
LEGISLATORS OF NATION FAVOR THE LAW
THAT WILL STEM THE TIDE OF COOLIE LABOR
DOCUMENT
IMPRESSES
CONGRESS
Recommendations of
Executive Win
Support.
References io the West's Needs
Form a Most Grati
fying Feature. '
BY C. C. CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.-
The message of President Roose
velt was read in both houses of
Congress to-day and created
a. profound Impression. For strength,
clearness and completeness it Is con
sidered a notable state paper.
Commenting upon the document. Sena
tor Perkins said:
"It Is a great message — able, dear, ex
plicit, emphatic, and especially pleasing
to the Pacific Coast, since everything' the
coast desires is indorsed and recommend
ed by President Roosevelt His strong
references to Chinese exclusion, Irrigation)
the Pacific cable and the Nicaragua, canal
are particularly satisfactory."
Senator Bard said of the message:- -
"It is very gratifying to the people of
the Pacific Coast. All the public ques
tions In which they have special interest
President Roosevelt shows a thorough
knowledge and sound judgment."
"Western Men Pleased.
Representative TCeedham said:
"It Is a splendid message. Roosevelt is
the first President who has ever treated
fully those problems which are peculiarly
"Western."
The Senate, after listening to the mes-
Cfcge, adopted a resolution directing the
ftppointment of a committee to co-operate
*rith a like committee from the House to
consider by what token of respect and
affection Congress might express the sor
row of the nation upon the tragic death
of the late President McKlnley.
The message was delivered soon after
the Senate met. The reading occupied
nearly two and a half hours and was lis
tened to with marked respect by the Sen
ators. The first portion of the message,
dealing with the Buffalo tragedy, excited
the most profound Interest In the Senate.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
message Foraker, senior Senator from
Ohio, presented the McKinley resolution,
and as a further mark of respect the Sen
ate adjourned.
Not In many years have the members
of the House listened with such rapt at
tention to the annual message of a Presi
dent of the United States as they did to
day. Every word was followed intently
from the announcement of the tragic
death of President McKlnley, in the open
ing sentence, to the expression of the clos
ing wish that our relations with the world
would continue peaceful.
The reading occupied two hours, but
not over a dozen members left their seats
until it was concluded. Several times
there was applause and at the conclusion
there was an enthusiastic demonstration
on the Republican side.
message "Wins Applause.
On motion of Grosvenor of Ohio that
portion of the message relating to the
death of the late President was referred
to a committee to consist of one member
from each State to join a similar com
mittee of the Senate to txmsider and re
port by what token of respect and affec
tion it may be proper for Congress to ex
press the deep sensibility of the nation
to the tragic death of the President. The
Speaker appointed tne following commit
tee, and then, as a further mark of re
spect the House adjourned: Grosvenor,
Ohio: Kahn. California; Henry, Con
necticut; Ball,". Delaware; Warner, Illi
nois; Watson, Indiana; Cousins, Iowa;
Glenn, Idaho; Bowers, Kansas; Allen,
Maine; Pearre. Maryland; Levering,
Massachusetts; W. A. Smith, Michigan;
Morris. Minnesota; Edwards, Montana;
Burkett, Nebraska; Currier, New Hamp
shire; Parker. New Jersey; Ketcham,
New Tork; Marshall, North Dakota;
Blackburn, North Carolina; Moody, Ore
gon; Olmstead, Pennsylvania; Bull,
Rhode Island; Martin, South. Dakota;
Southerland. Utah; Haskins, Vermont;
Jones, Washington; Dayton, West Vir-
ginia; Dable, Wisconsin; Mondell, Wyom
[ ing; Underwod, Alabama; DInsmore, Ar
\kansas; Davis, Florida; Fleming,
Georgia; Kehoe, Kentucky; Meyer.
Louisiana; Hoker, Mississippi; Clark,
HUsourl; Talbert, South Carolina; Moon,
The San Francisco Call.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT, TWENTY-SIXTH PRESIDENT OF^ THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
PRINCIPAL POINTS IN THE FIRST MESSAGE
OF PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT TO CONGRESS
W^&RESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S message begins
M ' with a touching eulogy of the martyred Wil
liam McKinley, who, the chief executive says, "was
the most widely loved man in all the United States.".
These are the principal recommendations to Con
gress on needed legislation:
That all anarchists and kindred criminals be kept
out of the country. .
That there be no general revision of existing tariff
law.
That there be a constitutional, amendment if Con
gress^ does not possess the power to supervise and regu
late so-called "trusts."
Tennessee^ Shepherd, Texas; -Shaforth.
Colorado"; Newlands, Nevada.
MAY INVESTIGATE MACLAY.
That Is Likely to Reopen
. ; the Naval Controversy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Representative
Williams of Mississippi to-day introduced
the following, proposing a committee of
inquiry:
"Whereas, One E. S. ' Maclay has writ
ten .'A History of the Navy of the United
States,' which was adopted for use at the
Naval Academy at Annapolis; and
"Whereas, In said history Maclay de
nounces Rear Admiral Schley fLs a liar and
a coward; and
"Whereas, Said Maclay Is reported to
have alleged that the 'proof sheets, con
taining these charges were submitted to
one Captain A. S. Crownlnshield, chief of
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4,- 1901.
the Bureau of Navigation of the Navy
Department, and approved and acquiesced
In by' him; and .
•; "Whereas, Said Maclay is reported to
have alleged : that the same proofs were
submitted to? Rear Admiral William T.
Sampson of the United States Navy and
approved and acquiesced in by him; and
: "Whereas, Said Maclay was at the time
of the writing of the said hictory, and is
now, in the employ of the Navy, Depart
ment of the tfnited States, • notwithstand
ing the scurrilous character of the charges
made by him in said history; and t
., "Whereas,- Said facts disclose a state of
things, subversive of honorable ' conduct
and consideration among officers - of-, the
navy, and employes of the Navy depart
ment; now therefore be it '.'.'"' i
•[ "Resolved by the House e-f- Representa
tives pt Ifae, Congress of the United States,
That immediate ■ aid- be extended, to -^shipbuilding
so that the "American merchant' marine be restored to
the ocean." ;. : - :■'■ ■ ./'■'■.' :v'. '■ .
. That a new Cabinet officer : be created to] be known
as the Secretary of. Commerce and Industry..- • y V
That the law excluding Chinese* laborers .■ be ire
enacted immediately and' strengthened- wherever, neces
sary. :. . .V':': .. "'■.: ' .'.. ;' . : .. '...■"■/,■ "r;^ y/-':,^
That- the eight-hour law be enforced and all classes
of labor.Jrotected: _ /: ' s . , \.;,, ,"
That immigration be more: closely supervised.
That reciprocity - zvith \ foreign ; countries \ be I in
creased to maintain and increase commercial prosperity.
That-forest reserves be protected; and, that the Gov
ernment aid in the reclamation of arid lands. '■• '., '.< \ , \>
That a committee be appointed :by , the
Speaker, for the purpose of . Jnvestlgating
and reporting to the House of Representa
tives the • truth ; , or falsity -• of : the ■ said
statements as made by 'the said Maclay,
the truth or, falsity. of the allegation that
tne proof jj sheets ) were ' submitted * to > and
acquiesced ' in* by said ■ Captain ' Crowhin
shleld and the. said-Rear Admiral Samp
son, and to recommend to the House* of
Representatives 'the! course 'of. action to be
pursued by * the • House In : consequence of
the ascertainment 'of facts to ' be made by
the said committee." -V/.'.T'iu
SENATOR i BARD < DOES NOT
'INDORSE CHARLES: J. KINNEY
v CALL ' BUREAU, 1406 G ; STREET,- N.
w,,: WASHINGTON, \ Dec. i 3.— Regarding
* That freedom be given to Cuba and that Porto Rico,
Hawaii and the Philippines be developed on A merican
lines: ; ; v ; . . I ■ '!t$?l
. That- a Pacific cable be constructed without, delay.
That the construction of the isthmian canal is. made
easier by receiit 'negotiations with Great Britain. ." '^M
; 'That the navy be increased in accordance zvitl{
the nation's new responsibilities and to uphold the Mon
roe doctrine,
That, the army is large enough, but its efficiency
should be. increased.
That the scope of civil service be enlarged.
; That the consular service be reorganised.
. . . That the rural free delivery be extended to greater
the « published fj report j that \ Senator j Bard
had indorsed Charles; J.^Kinney for Col
lector of. Internal Revenue "of the § First
District, of Calif ornia- and . deserted Ste
phen-.Kelly, whose appointment" he "had
formerly' advocated, Senator Bard \ said
to-night: ' , "'.'. ' '■ , '
'. "The story is ridiculous. . It has not the
slightest foundation- in truth. ;, I have fa
vored the appointment" of Kelly, and* ex
pect to -continue \ to do : so.- This is all I
care-to say about the matter.'-' '
Dined With \ the President.
.WASHINGTON. D. .C. -Dec. 3.—Presi
dent ' Roosevelt entertained at dinner to
night a number.: of '.the ] Republican lead
ers : in \ the \ Senate . and ■ House, n They ■ in
cluded the following : ' Speaker Henderson,
Senators- 'Allison,^ Platt :■: of > Connecticut,"
Haima^Cullo'm/ Proctor/ Elklns, Perkins,
Scott, BeveridgeT Kean, Representatives
Cannon, Grosvenor and Dalzell and Gen
eral Leonard Wood. = 'f. .' '■• • -. -
After. the dinner the guests remained
for some time, giving an opportunity for
a free exchange of opinion regarding the
work of the present session of Congress.
Pension for Mrs. McKinley.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.-Co'ngVesa
will make suitable provision for Mrsl Mc-
Kinley, widow, bit the martyred President
and early in the session action will be
taken.. On' Friday bills will be presented
in both Houses, -^providing for -'a pension
of $5000 annually. Senator Hahnav will
present the bill in the Senate, while* Tay
lor of.Ohio will introduce the measure in
the House, ..- '• : - : .
PRICE FIVE CE1STS.
LAWMAKERS
UNITE FOR
EXCLUSION
Words of the President
Make' the Victory ;
More Certain.
California Delegation Able to
Command Success With- ;
out Committees,
By C. C. CARLTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. «.
— The President's positive ree
ommendatlon to Congress that
the Chinese exclusion act be
re-enacted immediately and
strengthened in weak spots dispells any
doubt that may nave existed as to the
bill's fate. Senator Lodge, who Is the
administration's spokesman, will to-mor
row introduce a bill to make Chinese ex
clusion permanent and not for a term cf
years, as in the case of. the so-called
Geary. act. Lodge's bill merely continues
the present law indefinitely and has Pres
ident Roosevelt's approval. :
. Senator Lodge realizes ; that the act
must be amended, but he Introduced It in
this form merely to gain for it an early
place on the calendar of the regular bust
ness to be transacted in the Senate. It
will thus be reached early In the session
• And in -regular order. There will be no
necessity of suspending the rules, and
rushing it through under such suspension
at the eleventh hcur, as was the case en
a former occasion. ---
Are a Unit.
' Under a suspension of the rules It re
quires a two-thirds vote to pass a meas
ure, but In the regular order a majority
of the votes is sufficient. When the bill
is reached it will be discussed at length
and amendments now being drawn by
Commissioner of Immigration Powdetly
will. make It more effective In accordance
with President Roosevelt'g recommenda
tion. As it may be considered In a sense
an administration measure it will mus
ter the full Republican strength In Con
gress, and this is sufficient to insure its
passage.
There are in the House 198 Republicans
out of a total membership of 357. In the
Senate are fifty- five Republicans out of a
total membership of ninety. But Chinese
exclusion will not be made a party quss*
tion. The Democrats realize that tne
passage of Chinese exclusion and anarch
ist exclusion bills will be popular with
the people at this time. It is prodlcted
by those most familiar with the situation
that the bill will pass by a big majority.
It would not be putting it too strongly to
say an \ overwhelming majority.
Opposition Not Evident.
"Thus far," said Representative Julius
Kahn to-night, "we have not been able
to locate any pronounced opposition, with
the possible exception of Hitt of Illinois,
chairman. of the Foreign -Affairs Com
mittee. I have not talked with him re
cently, but a few months ago during a
conversation with me he expressed himself.
as positively opposed to Chinese exclu
sion or any other form of exclusion ..of
what he termed industrious and respecta
ble immigrants. It may be that he has
changed his attitude. He is an influen
tial member, but there is no doubt what
ever of the bill's passage." " : . .- :
There has always existed among, tha
California members of Congress . tack of
harmony and unity on matters affecting
the welfare of the State.. This fact has
become notorious in California, and some
of the . members . admit it themselves.
Sometimes their differences are caused by
Jealousy - of "the prominence achieved bj
an Individual member. . .To obviate this
the Callfornians have had a meeting and
decided, to call a caucus of all- the. Pa
cific Coast delegations to consider the va
rious exclusion bills that have been pre
pared. ;Kahn has one, another,
Mondell of Wyoming another and other*
are in various stages of incubation.
Composite Bill Planned.
,The bill to be urged will be a composite
measure. The best features contained In
the individual bills will be incorporated
In the one to be adopted by the caucus
of Pacific Coast Senators and member*.
It is proposed to make it strictly non
partisan. The States of California. Ore
gon and Washington will Invite Nevada,
Utah and Idaho to- participate in the de
liberations to be held next Friday in Rep
resentative Loud'a committee room at the
Capitol.
Meanwhile the Calif ornlans are inter
ested in the bill being prepared by Com-
Continued on FageThxett2
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT RECOMMENDS MORE RIGID
CHINESE EXCLUSION, PACIFIC CABLE, ISTHMIAN CANAL
AND BUILDING UP OF AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE
FIRST MESSAGE
URGES ACTION ON
NEEDS OF NATION
Eulogizes the Late William flc=
Kinley and Asks for Law
Against Anarchists.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.
—President Roosevelt submitted
his first message to Congress
to-day. It was read in the Sen
ate and House of Representatives, as fol
lows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
The Congress assembles this year under the
shadow of a great calamity. On the 6th of
September President McKinley was shot by an
anarchist while attending the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo, and died in that city
on the Itth of that month.
Of the last seven elected Presidents, he is
the third who bas been murdered, and the bare
recital of this fact Is sufficient to justify grave
alarm. ..&mong all loyal American . citizens.
Moreover, the circumstances of this, the third
assassination of an American President, have
a peculiarly sinister significance. Both - Presi
dent Lincoln and President Garfield were killed
t>y assassins of types unfortunately not uncom
mon In history; President Lincoln falling a
victim to the terrible passions aroused by four
years of civil war, and President Garfield to
the revengeful vanity of a disappointed office
rceker. President McKinley wa* killed by an
utterly depraved criminal belonging to that
body of criminals who object to all govern
ments, good and bad alike, who are against
any form of popular liberty If It is guaranteed
by even the moet just and liberal laws, and
who are as hostile to the upright exponent of
a free people's sober will as to the tyrannical
and Irresponsible despot.
It is not too much to
♦ ■ 4- say that at the tim« of
I President McKinley' s
McKlnler the) death he was the most
matt widely j widely loved man. in
loved man In j all the United Stales;
. t b e United j while we have never
States; j had any public man of
j his position who has
♦ been .so wholly free
•» ~> ;;-■.•> ~ •• from the bitter anl-
Pianos Until January First.
We will sell at our wholesale warerooms.. sixth floor (take elevator) , 933
Market street, 'some of the finest pianos ever brought to this coast at prices
which will capture the shrewdest buyer.
You will find in the assortment. offered for sale Steck, Everett, Hard-
man, Packard, Ludwig, Harrington and many other noted makes. '
We also have a number of second hand pianos in splendid condition con-
sisting of the Sohmer, Knabe, Fischer, Smith & Barnes, Emerson and
others. . . - '■ " '■ \
We want to close out all of these pianos before January 1, at which time
we will take possession of our new retail warerooms at 931 Market street
where now Is Falrchlld's big San Francisco shoe house.
We will hold the piano you select to be delivered Christmas eve If you
say so. '
The WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
933 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
BRANCH STORES AT OAKLAND, SAN JOSE, FRESNO AND
• - - SACRAMENTO. . -..■■... - '
moslties Incident to public life. His political
opponents were the first to bear the heartiest
and most generous' tribute, to the broad
kindliness of nature, the sweetness and gen
tleness of character which bo endeared him
to hie close associates. To a standard of
lofty integrity in public life he united the
tender affections and home virtues which are
all-Important in the makeup of national char
acter. A gallant soldier In the great war for
the Union, he also shone as an example to nil
our people because of his conduct in the most
sacred and Intimate of home relations*- There
could be no personal hatred of him, for he
never acted with aught but consideration for
the welfare of others. No one could fall to
respect him who knew him in public or pri
vate life. The defenders of those murderous
criminals ! who' seek to excuse their criminal
ity by asserting that it is. exercised for politi
cal ends Inveigh against wealth and irre
sponsible power. But for this assassination
even this base apology cannot be urged.
President McK!nl<?y
♦ ♦ was a man of moderate
| | means, a man whose
Blow aimed nl stock sprang from -the
one of strong:- sturdy tillers of the
e h t c h a m- soil, who had himself
plons ■ labor belonged -among. th4
ever bad. wage-workers, who had
entered the army as a
■ » f private soldier. Wealth
• ■ was not struck at when
the President was assassinated, but the honest
toil which Is content with moderate gains after
a lifetime of unremitting labor, largely In the
service of the public. Still less was power
struck at In the ' sense that power Is Irre
sponsible or centered In .'the hands of. any
one individual. The blow was not aimed at
tyranny or wealth. It was aimed at one of
the strongest champions the wage-worker has
ever had; at one of the most faithful repre
sentatives of the system of public rights
and representative government' who has ever
risen to public office. President McKinley
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER '4, 1901.
ILLUSTRATION OF IMPORTANT TOPICS IN PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE,
filled that political office for which the entire
people vote, and no President— not • even ; Lin
coln himself— was ever more earnestly anxious
to represent the well thought out wishes of
the people; his one anxiety in every crisis
was to keep in closest touch with - the people
— to find out what they thought and to en- '
deavor to give expression to their, thought,
after having endeavored to guide that thought
aright. He had Just been re-elected to the
Presidency because the majority of our .'citi
zens, the majority of our farmers and wage
workers - believed that- he had faithfully up
held their interests for four years. • They felt
themselves . In close and Intimate • touch with
him. They felt that he represented so . well
and so honorably all their ideals -and ■ aspira
tions that they wished him to continue for
another four years to represent • them. • '
- And this was the man at whom the assassin
struck! That there might be nothing lacking
to complete the Judas-llke infamy of his . act
he took advantage of an occasion when the
■President was meeting the people generally,
and advancing as if to take the hand out
stretched to him in kindly and • brotherly fel
lowship he turned the noble and generous con
fidence of the victim into an- opportunity to
strike the fatal blow. There Is no baser deed
in all the annals of crime. .
The shock, the grief of the country.' are .bit
ter in the minds of all who saw. the dark days,
while the President yet novered between life
and death. At last the light was stilled in
the kindly eyes and the .breath went j from the
lips that even in mortal agony uttered no
words save of forgiveness to his murderer, of
l&ve for his friends, •■ and of unfaltering trust
In the will of the Most High. Such a death,
crowning the glory of such a life, leaves us
with infinite sorrow, but with such pride In
what he had accomplished and in his own per
sonal character, that we feel -the blow not as
struck at him, but as struck . at the nation.
We mourn a good and great President . who is
dead ; but while | we mourn we are lifted ■ up
by the splendid achievements of his life and
the grand, heroism with which he met'hl6
death. -
• "When we turn from
1. the man to the nation,
J the I harm . done is | so
Anarchl s t I s I great ; as to excite our
■ the type of gravest ■' apprehensions
c r 1 in l.n a 1 and .to demand our
most danger- wisest and most reso
:ous. . lute action. This crim
• lnal was a' prof eseed
T 4 anarchist. Inflamed by
the ' teachings of \ pro
fessed anarchists, and' probably also by. the
reckless utterances of those . who, ' on .' the
stump and In the public press, appeal to the
dark and evil spirits of malice and greed, envy
and sullen, hatred. .The wind Is sowed by the
men. who preach. such doctrines, and they,can
not escape their share of responsibility for, the
whirlwind that is, reaped. This applies alike
to the deliberate demagogue, to the exploiter
of sensationalism and to the crude and-:fool
ish visionary, who,' for whatever reason,' apolo
gises for crime or excites aimless discontent, ji
The , blow . was -aimed . not : at ; this ' President,"
but at! all Presidents; at every symbol of,gov
ernment..' President McKlntey was as | emphat
ically, the embodiment of the popular will of
the nation expressed through the forms of law
as a New England town meeting is in; similar
fashion the embodiment of- the law-abiding pur
pose and practice of the people of the town. ,
On no conceivable theory could the murder of
the President be accepted as due , to' protest
against "Inequalities In the social order v " savo
as the murder of all the freemen engaged' In
a town . meeting could be accepted as a pro
test against that social Inequality which puts
a malefactor in Jail. Anarchy .Is no. more an
expression of "social discontent" than picking
pockets or wife-beating.
The anarchist, and
'4 * especially the anarch
' - ■■'••. - ' 1st in the United States,
No man preach- is merely one type of
ingr such doc criminal, , more danger
trlnes should ous than any other be
- be allowed at cause he represents the
largre. same depravity In a
• - greater, degree. The
-f- f man who advocates an
archy directly or Indi
rectly, In any shape or fashion, or the man
who apologizes for anarchists and their deeds,
makes himself morally accessory to murder be
fore the fact. The anarchist Is a criminal
whose perverted Instincts lead him to prefer
confusion and chaos to . the most beneficent
form of social order. His protest of concern
f or : workingmen is outrageous in its impudent
falsity; for if .the political' Institutions of this
country do not afford opportunity to every hon
est and intelligent son of toil, then the door
of hope is forever closed against him. The an
archist Is everywhere not < merely the enemy
of system and of • progress," but the deadly
foe of liberty. If ever anarchy is triumphant,
Its triumph will last for but one red moment,
to be succeeded for ages by the gloomy night
of despotism,- . ,
; For the j anarchist himself, whether he
preaches or practices his . doctrines, we need
not have one particle more concern than for
any ordinary, murderer. He Is not the victim
of social or political injustices There are no
wrongs to remedy In his case. The cause of
his criminality Is to be found In his own evil
passions and In the evil conduct of those who
urge him on, not In any failure by others or
by, the, State to do Justice to him or his. He Is
a malefactor and nothing else. He is In no
sense, In no shape or way, a "product of social
conditions," save as a highwayman is "pro
duced" by the fact that an unarmed man hap
pens to have a purse.- It is a travesty upon
the great and holy names j of liberty and free
dom to permit them to be invoked In such a
cause. No man or body of % men preaching
anarchistic doctrines should be allowed at large
any more than if preaching the murder of some
specified | private ; Individual. Anarchistic
speeches, writings and meetings are essentially
seditious and treasonable.
"I earnestly recommend to the Congress that
In the exercise of its wise discretion It should
take , Into consideration the coming • to : this ',
country. 1 of anarchists or . persons professing
principles hostile to all government and Justify
ing the murder ' of . those placed ■• in authority. .
Such' individuals as those who not long ago
gathered In open meeting to glorify the murder
of King Humbert of Italy perpetrate a crime,
and .the law should ensure their rigorous pun-,
ishment. They ' and those like them should be
kept out ';■ of this country ; and • If found : here
they should be promptly deported to the coun
try '.whence^ they came; and far-reaching | pro
.vision? should .be made | for the | punishment^ of
those. who stay. ;■: No matter calls more urgent
ly for . the wisest thought : of Congress. ;"'
"; The Federal courts should be given Jurisdic
tion over any. man who kills or attempts to kill
the President or any man who by the constitu
tion or . by ' law : is . In \ line of succession for the
Presidency,- while | the punishment * f or . ' an < utt
■ successful : attempt • should •■ be proportioned
the enormity of the offense against our Institu
tions. . .
Anarchy Is a crime against the whole human
race; and all mankind should band against the
anarchist. His crime should be made -an of
fense against the law of nations, like piracy
and that form of ma ns teal \ng known as the
slave trade; for It Is of far blacker infamy
than either. It should be so declared by trea
ties among all civilized powers. Such treaties
would give to the Federal Government the
power of dealing with the crime.
... . ' A grim commentary
•" ' ♦ upon the folly of the
' _' ' J ", * anarchist position was
. Wnen Amen- afforded by the attitude
can wrath N O f the law toward this
kind 1 e d 1 t very criminal who had
In a coimnm-i just taken the life of
ing; flame. I the President. The peo
| pie would have " torn
♦ ; ; — f him limb from limb if
it had not been that
the law he defied was at once invoked in his
behalf. So far from his deed being commit
ted on behalf of the people against the Gov
ernment, the Government was obliged at once
to exert its full police power to save him from
instant death at the hands of the people
Moreover, his deed worked not the slightest
dislocation in our Governmental system and
the danger of a recurrence of. such deeds no
matter how great it -might grow; would work
only in the direction of strengthening and giv
ing harshness to the forces of order. No man
will ever be restrained from becoming President
by any fear as to his personal safety. If the risk
to the President's life became great, it would
mean that the . office would more and more
come to be filled by men of a spirit which
would make them' resolute and merciless In
dealing with every, friend of disorder. This
great country will not fall Into anarchy, and If
anarchists should ever. become a serious menace
to its institutions they . would not merely be
stamped out, but would involve in their own
ruin every active or passive sympathizer with
their doctrines. The American people are slow
5l?7ifV? f but l( when «»«lr- wrath «» once kin
died it burns like a consuming flame. /
ORE AT G'RO WTH
Of FROSrERITY
President, However, Ad
vises Caution in Dealing
■•■■■-. With; the Captains of In
dustry and the Groiving
Commercial Corporations.
During the last five years business confidence
has been restored, and the nation is to be con
gratulated because of its present abounding
prosperity. Such prosperity can never be cre
ated by law alone, although it is easy enough
to destroy it by mischievous laws. If the hand
of the Lord is heavy upon any country, if flood
or drought comes, human wisdom is powerless
to avert the calamity. Moreover, no law can
Stops the Cough.
And i > works off . the ■ cold.' Laxative .Bromo
Quinine Tablets 'cure "a cold'' In ' one ' day. ' No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. \ •
CONGRESS SHOULD
HAVE CONTROL OF
ALL THE "TRUSTS"
If Necessary Constitution Ought to
Be Amended as to Cor
porations.
guard us against the consequences of our own
folly. The men who -are idle or credulous, the
men who seek gains not by genuine work with
head or hand but by gambling In any form, are
always a source of menace not only to them
selves but to others. If the business world
loses Its head, it' loses what legislation cannot
supply. Fundamentally the welfare • of each
citizen, and therefore the welfare of the ag
gregate of citizens which makes the nation,
must rest upon Individual thrift and energy,
resolution and Intelligence. Nothing can take
the place of this Individual capacity; but wise
legislation and honest and Intelligent admin
istration can give it the fullest scope, the
largest opportunity to work to good effect.
The tremendous and highly complex Indus
trial development which went on with ever ac
celerated rapidity during the latter half of the
nineteenth ■ century brings us face to face, at
the beginning of the twentieth, with very se
rious social problems. The old laws, and the
old customs which had almost the binding force
of. law, .were once quite sufficient to regulate
the accumulation and distribution of wealth.
Since the Industrial changes which have so
enormously Increased the productive power of
mankind, they are no longer sufficient.
The growth of cities
'-f. 4 has gone on beyond
. comparison faster than
Growth of the growth of the coun
cltlea) Is be- try, and the upbuilding
ij ' yondcompar- of the great Industrial
lion faster centers has meant a
than country, startling increase, not
. ■•-■■•■:■;.'•, merely In ! the aggre
ifJ V-+ gate of wealth, but In
' , ' • ' the- number of very
large individual, : and especially of very large
corporate, fortunes. The creation of these
great corporate fortunes has not . been due to
the tariff nor to any other Governmental ac
tion, ' but to natural causes In the business
world, operating In other countries as they
operate In our own.'
..The process has aroused much antagonism, a
great part of which Is wholly without warrant.
It , is not true that as the rich have grown
richer the poor have grown poorer. On the
contrary, never before has the average man,
the wage- worker, the farmer, the small trader,
been so well off as in this country and at the
present time. There have been abuses con
nected with the accumulation of wealth; yet It
remains true that a fortune accumulated in le
gitimate business can be accumulated by the
person specially benefited only on condition of
conferring ' Immense incidental benefits upon
others. Sucessful enterprise, of the type which
benefits all mankind, ean only exist if the con
ditions are such, as to offer great prizes as the
rewards ' of success.
■ ; - The captains of industry who have driven the
railway systems across this . continent, who
have developed our manufactures, have on the
whole done great good to our people. Without
them the material development of which we
are so Justly proud could never have taken
place. Moreover, we should recognize tho Im
mense Importance to this material development
of leaving as unhampered as is compatible
with the public good the strong and forceful
men upon whom the success of business opera
tions Inevitably rests. The slightest study of
business conditions will satisfy any one capable
of forming a judgment that the personal equa
tion is the most Important factor In a business
operation; that the business ability of the man
at the head of any ..business concern, big or
little. Is usually the factor which fixes the
gulf between striking success and hopeless fail
ure.
An additional reason
'■♦ — — r, for caution . in dealing
• ■ ■ • - with corporations is to
It is unwise to be v found in the ln
crnmp or fet- ternatlonal commercial
ter youthful ■ conditions of « to-day.
strength o f .The same business con
' - the nation.'. ditlons • which have
\ ,1 produced the great ag
■f , - , . . ' t gregatlons.of corporate
". and lndlvlduar wealth
have made them . very potent factors ln - la-
ternatlonal commercial competition. Business
concerns which have the largest means at
their disposal and are managed by the ablest
men are naturally these which take the lead
In the strife for commercial supremacy among
the nations of the world. America has only
Just begun to assume that commanding position
in the International business world which we
believe will more and more be hers. It Is of
the utmost importance that this position be
not Jeoparded, especially at a time when the
overflowing abundance of our own natural re
sources and the skill, business energy and me
chanical aptitude of our people make foreign
markets essential. Under such conditions it
would be most unwise to cramp or to fetter
the youthful strength of our nation.
Moreover, tt cannot too often be pointed out
that to strike with Ignorant violence at tho
interests of one set of men almost Inevitably
endangers the Interests of all. The fundamental
rule In our national life— the rule which under
lie* all others— la that, on the whole, and In
the long run, we shall go up or down together.
There are exceptions; and In times of prosper
ity some will prosper far more, and In times
of adversity some will suffer far more, than
others; but speaking generally, a period of good
times means that all share more or less In
them, and in a period of hard times all feel
the stress to a greater or less degree. It surely
ought not to be necessary to enter into any
proof of this statement; the memory of the
lean years which began In 1S93 la still vivid,
and we can contrast them with the conditions
In this very year which Is now closing. Disas
ter to great busines enterprises can never have
Its effect limited to tho men at the top. It
spreads throughout, and while It is bad for
everybody it is worst for those farthest down.
The capitalist may be shorn of his luxuries;
but the wage worker may bo deprived of even
bare necessities.
tA The mechanism of
i» modern business is so'
delicate that extreme
JIncn lecrlnln- care must be taken not
tion directed to Interfere with It In a
at trait* spirit of rashness or
no doubt mis- ignorance. Many of
chlevons. j those who have made
!it their vocation to de
► nounce the great in
dustrial combinations
which are popularly, although with techni
cal Inaccuracy, known as "trusts," appeal es
pecially to hatred and fear. These are pre
cisely the two emotions, particularly when
combined with Ignorance, which unfit men for
the exercise of cool and steady Judgment. In
facing new industrial conditions the whole his
tory of the world shows that legislation will
generally be both unwise and ineffective un
less undertaken after calm Inquiry and -with
sober self-restraint. Much of the legislation di
rected at the trusts would nave been exceed-
Continued on Page Four.
Eczema
How it reddens the skin, Itches, oozes,
dries and scales I . ,
„ Some people call it tetter, milk crust or
salt rheum.
The suffering from it ' is sometimes In*
tense; local applications are resorted to—
they mitigate, bat cannot cure.
It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and. persists until these have been
removed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively removes them, has radically
and permanently cared the worst cases, and
Is without an equal for all cutaneous
eruptions. ■- ■ - , -
H00D'8ttiXS are the be»t cathartic. Prlco25cant«.ADVERTISEMENTS.
So <^>ARINA
Twenty food pro-
ducts are sold by
j The H-O Company i
! under its guarantee
of absolute perfec- |
tion. The leader g
H-O (Hornby's I
Steamed Cooked jS
Oatmeal) has made S
the American Break- I
y{ fast famous /fR§
Wi all over fmfWi
J the world. ijj|
OCEAir TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
¥?^_ "Wharf. Ean Francisco:
t5^v5S»»- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
fejP^Sw^ Dec - 2 . ~> 12 . 17 - - 2 ' **• Jan - L
l^Vx^V^ Change to company's steam-
r,-£\»£!2 Y? 1 ! ers at Seattle. ' ■ '
F«S?*'ir%! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
PiiiTf-nVm'l C ) Port Townsend. Seattle,
f Tacoma, Everett and New
*"*<i\ whatcom <Wash.>— 11 a. m..
T>oc * 7 IS 17 22. 27 Jan. 1. Ctaanre «t 8e-
£& \» this Company's steamers for Alaska
and G K. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
¥ Ry"* at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
V^or Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Dec.
only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Lob Angeles and Rcdondo (Los An-
fre i t6) _Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m.
gteamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
ForLo* Angele«. calling at Santa Crur Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Louis Obispo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdaya. 9
e 'FOT Ensenafla. llagdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (MexJ-10 a. m.; 7th of each
further Information obtain the company* ■
The company reserves the rteht to change-
eteamers. calling days and hours of fsailln*
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montromery
etr«~t rPalace Hotel).
GOODALL,. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market et.. Ban Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO. I
Only Steamahip Ii«n» *«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Ratl Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point*, all ratl or steamship and rail, at
IjOWEST HATES,
ETEAKIR TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTEa&i HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Dec 4. 14. 34. Jan. t.
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. ». Dec 9. 13. 59
\ Fteamer «sa!!s from foot of Spear et., 11 a. m
► V. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montr y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in-
fer TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogc). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkbng; with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
4«.y of Bailing.
6.5. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 11. 1JC1
6.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4, OOJ
e.s HONGKONG MARU ....:
Thursday. January SO, 1901
Round-trip ticket! at reduced rate*. Tor
freight and passage apply et company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Affent.
AMERICAN LINE.
rttr yo&k. socthakptor. londok. vaax
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tcrk Wodnesaays at 10 a. m.
Bt. Paul Dec. li Pt. Paul Jan.
St Louis Dec. 1H Zeeland Jan.
Philadelphia ....Dec. 23 i St. Louis Jan. la
RED STAR LINE;
H*w York and Antwerp.
From Tork Wednesday at 12 noon.
Frlesland Dec - ll f Kensington Jan. 1
Southwark Dec. lgl*Zeeland Jan. S
•Vaderland Dec. 25lFrlesland Jan. 15
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
***** CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Padflc Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R.
TO HEW YORK Vi* PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *105; Steerage, *«; Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll • sails Monday. D©j. 9
5. S. Leclanaw eails Saturday, Dec. 21
6. S. Argyll rails
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To X'alparalso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TUCAPEL Dec. 21
Dec. 7 AREQUIPA Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral end South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
end passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
if £ Calif WO.O.VO- ZEALAKD «» SYDKET
gS~~SIERRA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
'and Sydney Friday. Dec. 6. 10 a. m.
ES ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
ES.' AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.................
Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
J. 0.SP2ECKELS k fiKSS. CO., etnera. Agents, 327 Kariei St
J^r'l p-3Kj;!r Offix, E43 Market St, Pier ko. 7. Pacific St
COKFAGKIS 6EVEKALS TBAKSATLANTIQU*
UIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .
6a 1 1 ing every Thursday. Instead of <£zj£3St
fiaturOay. at 10 a. tn.. from pier 42, ■""»
North River, foot of Morton street.
riret class to Har«. $70 and upwarf. Second
clas» to Havre, J<5 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tcrk J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue^ San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by «U Rallroat: Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
SfFTiiAvr^^
Steimsn GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
»:« a. tn.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 8:45 a. rn.. S:30 p. m. leaves
Yallejo 1 a, m.. 12:30 noon; « P. «.: *«ept
£«nday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. rn. Fare sb
cents. Telephone Main IMS. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlsxion-street dock. HATCH
CKOfi. •
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|«% A CHEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
h*\;r and Nervine. -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnic fcr the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
XABER. ALFS & BRUNE. . Agents,
SS* M&rket fct., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
PLAN TO POOL
OIL INTERESTS
New Project Affecting
the Kern County
Fields.
Output of the District May
Be Handled by One
Company. ~^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 3.— According to
information received, here, another gigan
tic scheme for the solution of the per
plexing: questions -which now confront, oil
producers is ' soon to be ■ given , publicity.
It involves the forming of a company for
the pooling of the output of the Kern
County fields, for mutual protection to its
members. .
John Jonsen Jr. returned from Fresno
and San Francisco yesterday, having been
in consultation with men identified with
the oil business of Kern County. He says
that within one week he will have con
tracts to submit to the oil producers of
the Kern fields for an association which
shall combine the output of oil, rather
than an association of the properties, as
the present plans of the Associated Oil
Company provide. Under the contract the
signer will be required to pool his oil and
take pro rata from the sales, according
to what he produces. The object of the
association will be to make a market for
the oil and to handle the production as
the market demands.
S. N. Griffith of Fresno and Henry Ach
of San Francisco are connected with the
promotion of the scheme.
Santa Barbara's Election.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 3.— One of the
quietest city elections held here in years
took place to-day, although'a fairly heavy
vote was cast, the fight being chiefly for
Councilinen. George S. Edwards will be
the next Mayor, having no opposition.
Booth is elected City Attorneys by a
sweeping majority, as Is Kearney, for
Treasurer and Tax Collector. The con
test for Councilmen is vqry close In all
of the seven wards. The proposition to
levy a "tax of 5 cents per $100 valuation
for park improvements is carried by an
overwhelming majority.
Every mother in San Francisco does not know that we
haye the largest department and the largest stock of boys' and
youths' clothing, furnishings and hats west /of, Chicago; j
neither does every mother know that one large, light, airy
floor is devoted to these goods and that there are many con-
veniences and comforts here that make buying easy ; nor does
every mother know that we manufacture our own clothing and
sSell to her at saving prices (fully iwenty-five percent less), j
because she keeps what would ordinarily go to a middleman.
. We want every mother to know these things. Accord-
mgiy we offer this special to induce them to visit our boys |
and youths' department: i
Sale of Youths' Suits
These suits come in fall and winter patterns and are offered ata greatly reduced
price. They are tweeds and cheviots in single and double breasted sacks, ages 12 to
19 years; the regular prices of the suits were from jJiotp #1?; the special price is
Sailor and Two- Piece Suits Furnishings and Hats
We have an elegant assortment of sailor suits for _. Boys' sweaters in all shades, ages 4 to 12; extra 1
boys from 3 to 10 years, comprising all the suitable value at $1.OO. ' ,»>5
|g||g§ «. ShadCS; PdCCS J&g£i%*» and children, a K es 4 to ,6
tw^^S^d^in^sr^^esa^f^S V
15; the variety in this line is very extensive; prices White laundered and unlaundered shirts, sizes-ii^
from $2.50 to $10.00. to 13/2, 50c. ..V.
Ele K ant assortment of, golf and yacht caps, in a great *? yS i %!& tshirtS ' ' m muslin .and^ flannelette, sizes-
many patterns; on special sale for 25c. 2 „ , 4> , ■ . - . ,
Boys' knee pants, made of remnants from our tailor- B °ys neckwear, 111 all patterns, m tecks, four-in-
ing department. As the cloth would otherwise be a hands, bows and imperials, 25c. , .
waste, we charge you only for the. making of the Boys', fedora hats, in. the popular colors, 00c. #
pants, actual value $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50; price 50c. Boys' derby hats,' in swell shades, $1.30.
■ ■ ) '/'*•■"' '■•'•-■ • ' ■ ■ ■'
Write for our illus- GL Xf'%AAfVrOiil r Ti''p' k $T&\ Out-of-town orders
trated catalogue, \Oj*j\' WWOOLJ Q) I O* filled for clothes,
"What to Wear.!? ';/'. , — -o^Vr hats and furnishing
It's interesting. 718 Market Street. goods-write us.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ! CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901.
MURDERS WIFE
ON THE STREET
Scores Witness Crime of
a Los Angeles
Husband.
Culprit Is Hurried to Jail. to
Escape the Vengeance
y of the Crowd.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3.— John Sampson,
a cook, shot and killed his wife to-day at
the corner of Fourth and Spring streets.
This is one of the busiest spots in the
city and at the time of the murder crowds
were on the street. .
Mrs. Simpson was standing on the cor
ner, shortly after 4 o'clock, talking with
another woman, believed to be her moth
er, when Sampson approached and with
out a word of warning placed, the muzzle
of a revolver close to his wlf e s body and
fired. The bullet penetrated the heart and
the woman fell dead.
Instantly a dozen men seized the mur
derer, one .of them knocking him down.
The revolver was taken from him by an
officer, who summoned the patrol wagon
with a police guard. A. crowd of 2000
gathered about the corner in a few min
utes and there was much excitement and
some talk of summary justice. Sampson
was hurriedly taken to the County Jail,
while the body of his murdered wife was
carried to a nearly drugstore and later
removed to the Morgue.
From all accounts Sampson is* a shift
less fellow who compelled, his wife .to
labor, for his support. When she further
refused to maintain him in idleness and
got employment as a housekeeper Samp
son threatened to shoot her employer. A
warrant was Issued for his arrest, but he
fled to San Francisco. Returning to Loa
Angeles recently he awaited his oppor
tunity and murdered his wife.
Alden L. Hatheway.
VALL.EJO, Dec. 3.— Alden L. Hath
eway, anold resident of this city, died
suddenly here this morning of heart dis
ease, aged 62. He was prominent as a
Mason, United Workman and Knight of
Honor.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3.— The Board of Super
visors to-day granted to the Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad a franchise for a terminal
wharf on San Pedro Bay. The tide lands
granted the company are 900 feet wide.
WITH A CARGO
OF COAL ABLAZE
Disastrous Voyage of the
Big" American Ship
Roanoke.
Puts Into Honolulu After a
Long Fight Against
Fife and Water.
HONOLULU; NoV. 26.— The American
ship Roanoke, whjch was thought to have
been lost at sea,- being 162 days out from
Norfolk, Va., bound .for San Francisco,
arrived here to-day in distress, with her
cargo of coal on fire. ■
She left Norfolk, last June and was
shortly after reported aflre on the Atlan
tic coast. Later she was reported again
as being all right and it was thought that
she was safe, but when she failed to ar
rive in San Francisco on time fears be
gan to be' felt for her, and when a vessel
was reported as aflre from South America
it was supposed that the Roanoke was
lost. . . . ■ ■ ■ ' '
The Roanoke had an adventurous pas
sage from -the other side. 'On September
20 she was found to be leaking. She was
then off the- Horn and found some hard
weather. The crew was set to work at
the pumps. and a windmill was rigged up
to help keep water out of the hold.
On November 20 the second danger ap
peared, -when-the vessel was found -to -be
on fire. After that the water was al
lowed to rise to over four feet in the hold
and remain at that level to assist in fight-,
ing the fire. First Officer Moxon made a
daring trip into the hold to locate the
trouble, and he succeeded In doing so.
• It was decided to head ror Honolulu as
the port which could be most quickly
reached, and the vessel was accordingly
directed this way. She is thought tp be
badly damaged. The long fight against
fire and water continued throughout the
trip, but the vessel arrived here still ablo
to sail well. Pieces of -charcoal were
pumped out, which is thought to indicate
that timbers were burned in the hold. A
board of underwriters is to examine the
vessel and report on her. • \ ' '
The Roanoke is the largest wooden sail
ing vessel afloat. She is heavily reinsured
in San Francisco.
No sermon ever bore fruit that had not
been burled in the -preacher's heart. -
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST CLARK
SacramehtQ's Mayor Is
Beaten in the Oil
' Land Suit.
Judge Hughes Holds That He
Was Not Defrauded by
His Partners.
Special - Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— Judge J. W.
.Hughes of the Superior, Court to-day ren
tlered a decision In the . case of Mayor
George H. Clark and his business partner,
A. P. Booth, who sued to be reinstated. aa
part owners in valuable oil land in - Kern
County. The decision is in favor; of the
defendants— D. W., Carmichael, former
Southern Pacific Division Superintendent
J. B. Wright, State Librarian J. L. Glllis,
Secretary "W. TV Sesnon of tho Railroad
Commission, W. E. Knowles, A. J. Sam
uel and-B.'P. Porter.
. In their suit, which was tried last Bpring
and attracted State-wide attention, Clark
and Booth /sought, to, prove that the de
fendants were guilty ' of | fraudulently in
ducing them to part with their two-ninths
share of the property for $3555 45, when,
as they alleged, the entire property was
worth $680,000, and their two-ninths $151,
100.. They charged that Carmichael and
Sesnon know that oil had been struck on
the land on January 7, 1900, but concealed
the fact from the plaintiffs, and by telling
them that they (the- defendants) had
agreed to sell at $100 per acre, prevailed
upon them to sign over their shares . for
$3555 45, which - represented payment on
the basis of $100 per acre for. their portion
of the property. This transaction oc
curred on January 10, 1900. -. - . :
In his decision J udge Kughes declares It
may be said with absolute certainty that
Clark and Booth failed to prove that oil
was discovered on January 7, 1900, while
the evidence showed that it was in fact
struck nine days thereafter, and six days
after Clark and Booth sold their stock.
As to the allegation that the defendants
at that time Knew the land to be im
mensely valuable, Judge. Hughes finds the
evidence clearly shows that at the time
the plaintiffs sold. their stock. to the de
fendants the lands were. not of a greater
value than $100 per' acre. , Plaintiff Clark,
remarks the court, -wanted a buyer at $100
per acre, and he found one. - . . '
Judge Hughes goes to the extent of say
ing that, even though • both , Carmichael
and Sesnon made all the representations
alleged in the complaint and though these
representations -were false and known to
them to.be false, if the plaintiffs obtained
all that their stock was ■worth at the time
of the sale they were not damaged and
not entitled .to • any relief on the ground
of actual fraud. . :
Albert M. , Johnson of counsel for Clark
and Booth, ' declares that the end I is not
yet. . He says he\will appeal the cases to
the Supreme Court , and. institute three
fresh suits against each of the defend
ants, first for conversion, second in re
plevin and third, in damages for having
taken the real estate of the plaintiffs. ■•'
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE :
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia—Augustus . J. . . Rother, Tahoe. - Ap
pointed: . ■.Oregon— Nancy . C. May field,
Spikenard; Jackson County, .vice'Sarepta
E.~ Walker, resigned. V
These t pensions were : granted : i Califor
nia: '•■■ Origlrial-^Ezekiel ' F.'.'Bell , • San Fran
cisco, ' $12;' Thomas Martin.% San Fran
cisco,,?6; .Albus, T..Field, Santa. Cruz, }6:
Henjry . W. "vWeaver, Stockton. J8; David
Tyler, Durham, $6; Edwin K. McCord,
San Francisco, $6. . . -
Oregon:. Increase — James A. Bull, Yon
lla: $12. - ' .
ca .,
Washington: Increase— Robert J. Fos
ter, Big Lake, $17; Samuel W. Hopton
stali; Orting," $14.. Original widow— Ella
VV. Snook, Seattle, $8.
The following patents- were issued: Cal
ifornia — John Craig, assignor one-third to
J. Deasy, San Francisco, car fender; Mar
tin Flatland and B. Lister, Vallejo, gold
saver; Rose M. Martnett, Santa Barbara,
box; Thomas J. Hubbell, assignor to D.
Hubbell and./W. H. Ames, Watsonville,
clod crusher; Joaquin Liith, Alameda,
bouquet . holder; John Richards, San
Francisco, water impelling apparatus;
same, compound rotary pump; Barton W.
Scott, San Jose, controller for electric
cars; John Senffert, Ryde, axle nut; Jo
seph H. Smart, Los Angeles, log carrier;
Thomas A. Smith, Azusca, electric lamp;
David M. Smyth, assignor to F. C. Bolt,
trustee, Pasadena, automatic feeding
mechanism for book-sewing machines;
Walter E. Twitchell, St. Helena, starting
device for explosive engines; Hugh W. T.
Williamson, San' Francisco, picture
hanger or remover.
Oregon— Thomas J. Davis, assignor to
J. M. Couro. Portland, sack holder;
George B. Jacob and T. J. Arthur, Salem,
power press.
"Washington— Frank H. ' Grover, Fre
mont, assignor one-half to W. L. Root,
Spokane, multiplying attachment for
cameras; Edward Myers. Fairhaven, hair
curler; Joseph C. Talcot, Walla "Walla,
disk harrow; Simon H, "Wiesedeppe,
Olympia, cord cutter.
California— William L. Beach, assignor
one-half to J. R. & F. M. Townsend and
W. W. Somers, Los Angeles, railway;
David Chambers, assignor of one-half to
L. B. Chambers, : San Jose, tea strainer;
John A. Kirk, assignor of one-half to J.
W. . Roberts, San Francisco, and W. T.
S. Kirk, Alameda, submarine dredger and
gold-saving machine.
Oregon— John W. Gheen, Astoria, can
soldering machine.
Washington— James H. Arrosmlth, Col
fax, boiler: Frank B. Durr, Tacoma,"fur
nace for treating ores.
MURDEROUS TRAMP.
v% ".. 'SHOOTS POMONA YOUTH
Victim of Wanton Assault Receives
Wound That Will Prove
Fatal.
POMONA. Dec. 3.— Ferd Holt, aged 19
years, was • probably fatally wounded by
a tramp at the ranch home of his mother,
two miles east of here, this afternoon.
The. young man was alone in the house
when the tramp opened the door and at
tempted to enter.. Holt . intercepted him
and the. stranger drew a knife. The boy
then seized a chair and knocked the knife
from the fellow's hand.- Then the tramp
drew a pistol and shot Holt. through the
left lung. The would-be murderer ran
out into the road and escaped.
Holt managed to call for help and a
neighbor came to his aid. Doctors were
summoned and the bullet was . found to
have emerged two inches below the left
shoulder blade, and lodged in the clothing.
Holt is in a" critical condition. Officers
are searching the country for . his as
sailant. ;;
MRS. REIKERT TESTIFIES
. IN SUIT OVER BRANDY
Calls the Opposing Lawyer a "Shy
.;'."•.', ster" as She Is Leaving .,;V
the Stand.
REDDING, Dec. 3.— Mrs. Annie .Kline
Reikert, who was president of the fam
ous ■ "Woman's Railroad", of Toulumne
County, spent' two breezy hours upon the
witness stand in the Superior Court this
morning in a suit over 560 gallons of
brandy made by her order. The man who
went onher bond sues the man who has
a Hen on the brandy for his work in mak-
Mrs. Reikert and her daughter now live
in seclusion upon a remote ranch on Still
water Creek, which\ they purchased last
year. In court to-day Mrs. Reikert testi
fied that she made her livelihood. by man-*
ufacturing brandy. ' She -wandered' from
the subject frequently and was called to
order by Judge Sweeny. As she left the
stand she "floored", the opposing lawyer
by calling him a "shyster."
V , ■! - ' DR. KILMER'S -SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?.
Have You Rheumatism? Do You Have
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What S^AMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney and Bladder
Remedy, Will Do for TOO, All Our Readers May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is .munis- of the bladder, uric acid, constant head-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It is ache, dizziness, sleeplessness, nervous-
Nature's timely warning ■ to -show you ness, irregular heart-beating, Theuma-
that the track of health Is not clear. . tism, bloating, irritability, worn out feel-
• If these danger signals are unheeded ing. lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sal-
more serious results are sure to follow; low complexion.
Bright's disease, which is the worst form if your water when allowed to remain
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you. undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
; The mild and- the extraordinary effect twenty- four hours forms a sediment or
of the world-famous kidney and bladder settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
soon realized. It' stands the highest. for der need immediate attention,
its wonderful cures of the most distress- j n talcing Swamp-Root you afford natu-
ing cases. A trial will convince any one ra j help to Nature, for Swamp-Root ia
—and you may have a sample bottle free, the most per f e ct healer and gentle aid to
by mail. the kidneys that is known to medical
Backache and Urinary Trouble. * > science.
• £..£ Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Among the many famous cures of Swamp- D Kllmer the eminent kidney and blad-
Root investigated by The Call the one we pub- d gpeclall ' st- Hospitals use it with won-
"I^S,^^ of fi£^onder^.1 cSS&l derful success in both slight and severe
DR. KILMER & CO Binghamton N..T. because they recognize in Swamp-Root
f£T52S& ffiS? o X f the neatest and most successfui remedy
was a sreat sufferer from backache, rheuma- If you have the slightest symptom of
Hem and urinary trouble. After tryinz the kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is a
sample bottle she bought a large bottle here at trace of it in your family history, send at
the drugstore.' That did her so much good she once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton.
bought more.- The effect of Swamp-Root was N. Y., who will gladly send you free by
wonderful and almost Immediate. She has felt mail, immediately, without cost to you*, a
no return of the old trouble since. sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
Oct.. 1901. F. THOMAS. of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials.
311 Northampton st., Buffalo, N. T. Be sure to say that Vou read this gener-
Lame back is only one symptom of kid- ous offer ln * he San Francisco Daily Call,
ney trouble — one of many. Other symp- If you are already convinced that
toms showing that ! you | need Swamp- Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
Root are, obliged to pass water often purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
during the day and to get up many times dollar size bottles at drug stores. Don't
at night, inability to hold your urine, make any mistake, but remember th»
smarting or irritation in passing, brick- name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
dust or sediment in the urine, catarrh Root, and the address, Binghamton. N. Y.
LAWMAKERS UNITE FOR THE EXCLUSION OF THE CHINESE
Continued From Page One.
mlssioner Powderly, and they are re
sponding to his request for suggestions.
Congressman Woods is recognized as
one of the best informed men in the Pa
cific coast delegation concerning Chinese
immigration. He has been in correspond
ence with Sheriffs of California counties,
customs officials, boards of health and
other official bodies, and Is well equipped
with facts and figures. A good many
points contained in a bill drawn by Woods
will be adopted by Powderly, and it_is
likely that the Commissioner's bill will
be the one chosen by the caucus on Fri
day. /
Clearness Is Required. ••■
Some points in Kahn's bill will be also
included. It is proposed by Powderly in
his bill to continue the present act in force
indefinitely and to make it more effective
by defining more clearly those Chinese
who are to be exempt from its provisions,
so that different customs officials may not
(as they do now) put different interpreta
tions upon the provision relating to the
exempt class. Kahn last year introduced
a bill granting the United States the right
of appeal ■ from decisions of commission
ers In the cases of Chinese immigrants,
and making the penalty for infractions of
the exclusion law more severe.
Some provisions of his bill introduced
yesterday may also • be included in the
measure being drawn by Powderly. It
designates certain ports of entry on the
Canadian and Mexican borders (where
railroads cross into the "United States) as
posts where Chinese and all other Immi
grants will be subjected to a rigid exam
ination. *
"I believe that by adopting these pro
visions." said Kahn to-night, "it will be
impossible for Chinese to enter with, cer
tificates belonging to others. The^bill
seeks to protect us from paupers, anarch
ists and all kinds of undesirable immi
grants who seek to enter illegally. These
immigrants, who. on account of rigid In
spection at the big seaport3 of the United
States, have been denied entry, have
found It easy to cross by rail from Can
ada and Mexico because the inspection at
the3e boundary posts has been lax, but I
believe my bill will correct. this."
Western Men "Will Meet.
The call to be issued to the Pacific coast
delegations for a caucus has been dele
gated to Metcalf and Coombs, and they
are at work on it at the Arlington Hotel
to-night.
Metcalf says he has no personal knowl
edge that Hitt of Illinois will oppose the
bill. - • - .
"But no matter," said he. "It will pass.
I have talked with leaders in both Sen
ate and House. There is no organized
opposition, so far as I can see, and very
few individual opponents. Of course,
there -Is always the danger of unexpected
complications, but none are in si^ht. 1
have" talked with such men as Senator
Aldrich. Senator Spooner, Senator Mason
and Senator Lodge. They say there is
not J the slightest doubt that the bill
will pass. Senator Mason said he never
realized the terrible conditions In China
town, San Francisco. • until he -went
through it. Mason said it would be crim
inal not to. continue the v exclusion of.Chl-
A report was circulated to-nieht that
Senator Clark of Montana would oppose
exclusion, and the California members
were greatly surprised. .
"It is not true,",' said. Senator Clark to
The Call- correspondent- to-nisfht. "I will
certainly vote for exclusion."
. VSo will I/-', said Senator. Gibson, who
succeeds Carter from Montana.'
And Smith Is His Name.
Thus far only one feeble voice has been
raised against the exclusion bill. . This la-
dividual is obscured by the name of Smith.
There are six Smiths In the House, but
this particular one is named Henry. ! H«
hails from Michigan. Smith said to Con
gressman Gordon of Ohio to-day that he
would vote against exclusion, but he had
received petitions from his district repre
senting that Chinese were desirable labor
ers and were needed for certain kinds of
work. ! Smith probably will be one of a
lonesome minority, for the bill will pass
by a majority of three-fourths, or more.
"If there are fifty votes cast against It
I shall be surprised," said a California
member. "I believe the roll call will be
dispensed with." said Kahn.
The California delegation resents the
action of the San Francisco mass conven
tion in sending a committee on here. They
declare the committee can do no good,
and on account of Its personnel might do
considerable harm.
NEW LAWS NEEDED
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Leaders in the House Will Fraxn*
Measure for Adjustment of
Revenue Affairs.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 3.— The *T»
preme Court decision relative to the Phil
ippines has brought to the attention of
leaders in Congress the need of legisla
tion for the archipelago somewhat on the
lines of that enacted for Porto Rico and
particularly connected with revenue ques
tions, and imports from the Philippines.
Such legislation will originate in the
House of Representatives. >
In some quarters there was talk to-day
that, the Speaker would announce the
membership of the Ways and Means
Committee this week, but there is no
authoritiative statement on the subject.
In any event the House leaders doubtless
will prepare the general framework of a
Philippine bill before or during the holi
days.
Argument Heard in Carter's Case
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Argument wai
heard to-day in the Ur.lted States Su
preme Court in the habeas corpus case
of Captain O. M. Carter, brought here on
appeal from the decision of the Circuit
Court for the District of Kansas, where
Carter's petition was denied. He was rep
resented hy P. Blair. H. L. Dlehl and
Horace Stone, and the Government by
the Solicitor General and General Clous.
This is the second effort made in the Su
preme Court to secure Captain Carter's
release on habeas corpus. . .
CALIFORNIA
CHUTNEY JAUCE
&ppetita hO . t & with
to 111" i-^K
the ~|H| g-eviaae
repast 1| ' mejvt^
15*&.2.5* '*~ ALL GROCERS
34
FXPANSION -CAIISFS NFFB : POR A I ARfiFR NAVY
MONROE DOCTRINE
MUST BE UPHELD
BY SHIPS OF WAR
Greater Naval Strength Is Now Re=
quired Owing to New
Responsibilities. < ■
Continued From Page Two.
Inglf mischievous had it not also been entirely
ineffective. In accordance with a well-known
sociological law the ignorant or reckless agi
tator has been the really effective friend of
the evils which he has been nominally oppos
ing. In dealing with business Interests, for
the Government to undertake by crude and Ill
considered legislation to do what may turn out
to' be bad would be to incuV the risk of such
far-reachins national disaster that It would
be preferable to undertake nothing at alL The
men who demand the Impossible or the unde
sirable serve as the allies of the forces with
■which' they are nominally at war, for they
hamper those who would endeavor to find out
in rational fashion what the. wrongs really are
and to what extent and in what manner It is
practicable to apply remedies.
All this- is true; and yet it is also true that
there are real and grave evils, one of the
chief being over-capitalization because of Its
many baleful consequences; and a resolute
and practical effort must be made to correct
these ; evils.
There is a widespread conviction in the
minds of the American people that the great
corporations known as trusts are in certain
of their features i and tendencies hurtful to
the general welfare. This springs from no
spirit of envy or nncharttableness, nor lack of
pride in the great industrial achievements that
.have placed this country at the head of the
nations struggling for commercial supremacy.
It does not rest upon a lack of Intelligent ap
preciation of the necessity of meeting changing
and, changed conditions of trade with new
methods, nor upon ignorance of the fact that
combination of capital in the effort to ac
complish great things is necessary when the
world's progress demands that great - things
b ' dqne. It Is based upon sincere conviction
that combination and concentration should be,
not prohibited, but supervised and within rea
sonable limits controlled; . and in my Judg
ment this- conviction ■ is right.
. It is no limitation upon property rights or
freedom of contract to require that when men
receive from Government the privilege of do-
Ing business under corporate form, which !
frees them from individual responsibility, and
enables them to call into their enterpriser the
capital of the public, they shall do so upon
absolutely truthful representations as to tbe
value of the property in which the capital is
to be invested. Corporations engaged in inter
state commerce should be regulated If they
are found to exercise a license working to the
public injury. It should be as much the aim
of those who seek for social betterment to rid
the business world of crimes of cunning as to
rid the entire lK>dy politic of crimes of vio
lence. Great corporations exist only because
they are created and safeguarded by our In
stitutions; and it is therefore our right and
our duty to see that they work in harmony
with these Institutions.
The first essential in
: ♦ determining how to
j deal with the great In-
Pnbllcity 1st the | dustrial combinations
only inre| is knowledg-e of the
remedy vrhlch facts — publicity. In the
the p e ople interest of the public
can Invoke, the Government should
] have the right to in
. i 4- spect and examine the
workings of the great
corporations engaged in interstate business.
Publicity is the only sure remedy which we
can now Invoke. What further remedies are
needed in the way of governmental regulation,
or taxation, can only be determined after pub
licity has been obtained, by process of law,
and in the course of administration. The first
requisite is knowledge, full and complete
knowledge which may be made public to the
world.
Artificial bodies, such as corporations and
Joir.t stock or other associations, depending
opon any statutory law for their existence or
privileges, should be subject to proper govern
mental supervision, and full ana accurate in
formation as to their operations should be
made public regularly at reasonable intervals.
The large corporations, commonly called
trusts, though organized in one State, always
do business in many States, often doing very
little business in the State where they are
incorporated. There is utter lack Of uniform
ity in the State laws about them: and as no
State has any exclusive interest in or power
over their acts, it has in practice proved im
possible to get adequate regulation through
State action. Therefore .in the interest of the
whole people, the nation should, without In
terfering with the power of. the States in the
matter Itself. . also astume power of super
vision and regulation over all corporations do
. ing an interstate business. This Is especially
true where the corporation derives a portion
of .its wealth from the existence of some mo
nopolistic element or tendency in its business.
There would, be no hardship in such super
vision: banks are subject to it, and In their
. case it is- now accepted as a simple matter of
course. Indeed, it Is probable that super
vision of corporations by the National Govern
ment need net go so far as is now the case
with the supervision exercised over them by
so conservative a State as Massachusetts, in
order. to produce excellent results.
OF COMMERCE
AND INDUSTRIES
Recommendation That There
Be a New Cabinet Officer
to Supervise All Trade
Conditions, Merchant Ma
rine and Whatever Con
cerns Labor.
When the constitution was adopted at the
end of .the eightenth century, no human wis
dom could foretell the sweeping changes, alike
in. industrial and political conditions, which
were to take place by the beginning of the
twentieth century. At that time it was ac
cepted as a matter of course that the several
States were the proper authorities to regulate
60 far as was then necessary, the compara
tively insignificant and strictly localized cor
porate bodies of the day. The conditions are
now wholly different and wholly different ac
tion is looked for. I believe that a law can
be framed which will' enable the National Gov
ernment to exercise control along the lines
above indicated; profiting by the experience
gained through the paBage and. administra
tion of the interstate commerce act. If, how
ever, the Judgment of Congress is that it lacks
the constitutional power to pass such an act,
then a constitutional amendment should ' be
Eubmitted to confer the power.
There should be created a , Cabinet officer,
to be known as Secretary of Commerce and
Industries, as provided in the bill Introduced
at the last session of Congress. It should
be- his province to deal, with commerce in its
broadest sense: including among many other
things • whatever concerns labor and all mat
ters affecting the* great, business corporations
and our merchant marine.
The course proposed Is one phase of what
ebould be • a comprehensive and far-reaching
scheme of constructive statesmanship for the
purpose of broadening our markets, securing
our business Interests on a safe basis and
making firm our new position In the inter
national industrial world; while scrupulously
safeguarding the rights of wage-worker 'and
capitalist, of Investor and private citizen, so
as to secure equity as between man and man
in thhs republic.
"With the eole exception of the farming ' in
terest, no one matter is of such vital moment
to our . whole people as the welfare of ' the
-wageworkers. It the farmer and the wage
worker are well off. It is absolutely certain
that all others will be welt off too.' It Is there
fore a matter for hearty congratulation that
on the whole wages are higher, to-day in the
United States than ever .before In our. history,
and far - higher than in any other country.
The standard of living is also higher than ever
betore. Every, effort of legislator and admin-
istrator should be bent to secure the per
manency of this condition of things and its
improvement wherever possible. Not only must
our labor be protected by the tariff, but it
should also be protected bo far as possible
from the presence in this country of any. labor
ers brought over by contract, or of those who,
coming freely, yet represent a standard of
living so depressed that they can undersell our
men in the labor market and drag them to a
lower level. I regard it as necessary, with
this end in view, to re-enact immediately the
law excluding Chinese laborers' and to strength
en it wherever necessary in order to make its
enforcement entirely effective.
The National Govern
!♦ 4- menf should demand
the highest quality of
Eight -hour service from its em
lnw should . ployes; and in return
b e enforced it should be a good em
and all labor- ployer. If possible leg
ers protected, islatlon should be
passed in ! connection
-f ~f- with the interstate
commerce law, which
will reijder effective the efforts of different
States to do away with the competition of con
vict contract labor In the open labor market.
So far as practicable under the conditions of
Government work, provision should be made to
render the enforcement of the eight-hour law
easy and certain. In all industries carried on
directly or indirectly for the United States
Government women and children should be
protected from excessive . hours of labor, from
night work .and from work under unsanitary
conditions. . The Government should provide
in its contracts that' all work should be done
under "fair" conditions, and in addition to
eettlng a high standard should uphold, it by
proper inspection, extending If necessary to the
sub-contractors. The Government should for
bid all night work for women and children,
as well as excessive overtime. For the District
of Columbia a good factory law should be
passed; and, as a powerful indirect aid to such
laws » provision should be made to turn the
inhabited alleys," the existence of which is
a reproach to our Capital City, into minor
streets, where the inhabitants can live under
conditions, favorable to health and morals.
American wageworkers work with their heads
as well as their hands. Moreover, they take a
keen pride In what they are. doing; so that,
independent of the reward, they wish to turn
out a perfect Job. This is the great secret of
our success in competition with the labor of
foreign countries. . .,
The most vital prob
"' ♦■ lem with which this
country, and for that
Great good la matter the whole civ
acconiplislied ltized world, has to
by associa- deal, is the problem
.t i o n h of which has for one side
working-men. the betterment of so
cial conditions, moral
-f f- and physical, in large
. cities, and for another
side the effort to deal with that tangle of far
reaching questions which we group together
when we speak of "labor." The chief factor
in the success of each man— wageworker. far
mer t and capitalist alike— must ever be the
sum total of his own individual qualities and
abilitiee. Second only to this comes the power
of acting in combination or association with
others. Very great good has been and will be
accomplished by associations or unions of
wageworkers, when managed with forethought,
and when they combine insistence upon their
own rights with law-abiding respect for the
rights of others. The display of these quali
ties in such bodies is a duty to the nation
no less than to the associations themselves.
Finally, there must- also in many cases be ac
tion by the Government ■ in order to safeguard
the rights and interests of alL Under our con
stitution there is much more scope for such
action by the State and the municipality than
by the nation. But on points such as .those
touched on above the National Government can
act.
When all Is said and done, the rule of broth
erhood remains as the indispensable prerequi
site to success lrf* the kind of national life for
which . we strive. Each man must work for
himself, and unless he so »vorks no outside
help can avail him; but each man must re
member also that he Is indeed his brother's
keeper, and that while no man who refuses
to walk can be carried # with advantage to him
self or any one else, yet that each at times
stumbles or halts, that each at times needs
to have the helping hand outsretched to him.
To be permanently effective, aid must always
take the form of helping a man to help him
self; and we can all best help ' ourselves by
Joining together in the work that Is of com
mon interest to all.
Our present immigration laws are unsatis
factory. We need every honest and efficient
Immigrant fitted to become an American citi
zen, every immigrant who comes here to stay,
I who brings here a strong body, a stout heart,
a good head, and a resolute purpose to do his
duty, well in every .w.ay and to bring up his
children as law-abiding and - God-fearing mem
bers of the community. But there should be a
comprehensive law enacted with the object of
working a threefold improvement . over, our
present system. First, we should aim to ex
clude absolutely not only all persons who are
known to be believers in anarchistic principles
or members of anarchistic societies, but also
all persons who are of a low moral tendency
or of unsavory reputation. This means that
we should require a more thorough system of
inspection abroad and a more rigid system of
examination at our immigration ports, the
former being especially necessary. . ' .
A - : ■ ■■ The second object of
•♦ f a proper immigration
Vi ■• . I law oujrht to be to se
cure! n I n n «1 , cure by a careful and
not perfunc- | not merely .perfunctory '
tory ciluca-| educational test some
tlonal test in | Intelligent capacity to
requirement. | appreciate American
| Institutions and act
:T —r- f sanely as American
citizens. . This would
not keep out all anarchists, for many of them
belong to the Intelligent criminal class. But
it would do what Is also in point, that is, tend
to decrease the sum of ignorance, »o potent In
producing the envy, suspicion, malignant pasr
sion. and hatred of order, out of which anar
chistic sentiment ineviably springs. Finally,,
all persons should be excluded who are below
a certain standard of economic fitness to enter
our industrial field as competitors with Ameri
can labor. There should be proper proof of per
sonal capacity to earn an American living and
enough money to Insure a decent start under
American conditions. This would stop, the in
flux of cheap labor, and the resulting compe
tition which gives rise to so much of bitterness
in American Industrial life; and It would dry
up the springs of the pestilential social condi
tions in our great - cities, where anarchistic
organizations have their greatest possibility of
rrowth.
Both the educational and economic tests in a
wise immigration law should be designed to
protect and elevate the general body politic
and social. A -very close supervision should be
exercised over the_ steamship companies which
mainly bring over the Immigrants, and they
should be held to" a strict accountability for
any Infraction of the law.
NOT A GENERAL
TARIFF CHANCE
Sweeping Revisions Are
Apt 'to' Produce- Condi
tions Closely 'Approaching
Panic m the Work.! of
Finance and' Commerce.
There is general acquiescence in our present
tariff system as a national policy. The first
requisite to our prosperity is the continuity and
stability of this economic policy. Nothing could
be more unwise than to disturb the business
interests of the country by any general tariff
change at this time. Doubt, apprehension, un
certainty are exactly what we most wish to
avoid In the Interest of our commercial and
material well-being. ' Our experience in the' past
has shown that sweeping revisions of the tariff
are apt to produce conditions closely approach
ing panic In the business world. Yet it is' not
THE SAN, FKAKOISGO OAlAj, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1!»U1.
PRESIDENT URGES STRONGER
CHINESE EXCLUSION LAW
WITH the sole exception^ of the farming interest, no one matter is of
such vital moment to bur \yhble people as th^ welfare of the wage
workers.. If the farmer and the wageworker are well off it is
absolutely certain that all others will be well of 5 , too, His,
therefore, a matter for hearty congratulation that, on the whole, wages
are higher to-day in the United States than ever before in our history, and
far higher than in any other country. The standard of living is a!so higher
than ever before, Every effort of legislator and administrator should t>2
bent to secure the permanency 01 this condition of things and its improve
ment wherever possib'e, Not only must our labor be protected by the tariif,
bu,t it should also be protected, so far as it is possible^ from ths presence in
this country of any laborers brought over by contract, or of those who,
coming freely, yet represent a standard of living so depressed that they
can undersell our. men in the labor market and drag ■them- to a- lower level. 1
regard it as necessary, with this end in view^ to re-enact immediately the
law excluding Chinese 'laborers and to strengthen it wherever necessary in
order to make its enforcement entirely effective."— Fiom President Rooseven's Message.
only possible, but eminently desirable, to com
bine with the stability of our economic system
a supplementary system of reciprocal benefit
and obligation with other nations. Such reci
procity is an incident and result of the firm
establishment and preservation of our present
economic policy. It was specially provided for
in the present tariff law. — .•■.-• '
■ - Reciprocity • must be
-f 4 treated .as- the hand
| ■ . I maiden- of -protection.
Reel p-roeity -Our- first duty- ts-to.see
muNt.be that ■ the. ■ protection
treated an the granted by the tariff in
h a ndmaiden every case where it is
of protection, -needed- is maintained,.
and that- reciprocity be
'f sought for^sofar as it
can safely, be done
without injury to -our home industries. -Just
how far this is must be determined according
to the individual case, remembering always
that every application of our tariff policy to
meet our shifting national needs must be con
ditioned upon the cardinal fact that the duties
must never be reduced below the point that will,
cover the difference between the labor cost
here and abroad. The well-being of the wage
worker is a prime consideration of our entire
policy of economic legislation. • ;
Subject to this proviso of the proper protec
tion'necessary to our industrial well-being, at
home, the principle of reciprocity must com
mand our hearty support. The phenomenal
growth of our export trade emphasizes the ur
gency of the need for wider markets and for a
liberal policy in dealing with foreign nations.
Whatever is merely petty and vexatious in the
way of trade restrictions should be avoided.
The customers to whom we dispose of our sur
plus products in the long run, directly or Indi
rectly, purchase those surplus products by giv
ing us something in return. Their ability to
purchase our products should as far as pos
sible be secured by so arranging our tariff, as
to enable us to take from them those products
which we can use without harm to our own
industries and labor, or the use of which will
be of marked benefit to us.
It is most important that we should main
tain the high level of our present prosperity.
We have now reached the point in the devel
opment of our interests where we are not only
able to supply our own markets but to .pro
duce a constantly growing surplus for which
we must find markets abroad. To secure these
markets we can utilise' existing duties in any
case where they 'are' no longer needed for the
purpose of protection, or in any case where the
article Is not produced here and the duty is no
longer necessary' for revenue, as giving: ifs
something to offer in exchange for what we
ask, ■ The cordial relations \witli other, nations
which are so desirable will- naturally be .pro
moted by the course thus required by* our
own interests. ': , •:«••''
The natural line of development for a pol
icy of reciprocity will be In connection with
those of our productions which no longer re
quire all of the support once needed to estab
lish th"m upon a sound basis, and with those
others where either because of natural or of
economic causes we are beyond the reach of
successful competition.
I ask the attention of the Senate to the
reciprocity treaties laid before it by my prede
cessor.
The condition of the American merchant
marin'e is such as to call for lmmedlte 'reme
dial action by the Congress. : It is discredit-'
able to us as a nation that ' our merchant
marine should be utterly insignificant in com
parison to that of 'other nations Which . we
overtop in other forms of business. We should
not longer submit to conditions under which
only a trifling portion of our great commerce
is carried ' in our own ships. To remedy U;Ib
state of things would not merely serve to build
up our shipping interests, but it would 'also
result in benefit to all who are interested In
the permanent establishment of a wider mar-,
ket for American products, and would pro-'
vide an auxiliary force for the navy. Ships
work for their own countries Just as railroads
work for their terminal points. Shipping
lines, If established to the principal countries
with which we have dealings, would be of
political as well as commercial benefit. From
every standpoint it is unwise for the United
States to continue to rely upon the. ships of
competing nations for the distribution of
our goods. It should be made advantageous
to carry American goods in American-built
ships. ;
' At present American shipping is under cer
tain great disadvantages when put In com
petition with the shipping of foreign coun
tries. Many of the fast foreign steamship?,
at a speed of fourteen knots or above, are sub
sidized; and all our ships, sailing vessels and
steamers alike, cargo carriers of slow spood
and mail carriers of high speed, have to meet
tho fact that the original cost of building
American ships- is, greater than is the cape
abroad; that the wages paid American of
ficers and seamen are very much higher, than
those paid the officers and seamen of, foreign
competing countries; and that the standard of
living on our ships is far superior to the
standard . of living on the ships of our com
mercial . rivals. •
. Our Government should take such action as
will remedy these, inequalities. The American
merchant marine, should . be restored to the
ocean. -
GOLD S TA NDA RD
IS SATISFACTORY
National Banking- Law Is
All Right, but There Is
-Need of Bcjte'r Safe
guards 1 Against . the ' De
ranging Influence of Cri
ses and Panics. ■■'■■"' ■•
•The act of March 14, 1900, intended unequivo
cally to establish gold as the. standard money
and to maintain at a . parity .therewith nil
forms of money medium in use, with us, has
been shown to be timely and judicious. The
price of; our Government bonds In the- worH's
market, when compared with the price of sim
ilar obligations issued by ..other, nations, is a
flattering tribute to our public "credit. This
condition it is evidently, desirable to maintain.-
In many respects the national banking law
furnishes', sufficient liberty for the » proper ' ex
"ercise of the banking. '. function ; '. but -there
seems, to be need of better . safeguards against
"the' deranging, influence of commercial crises
and financial panics. Moreover,; the currency,
of the country should be made I responsive g t\
the i demands of our domestic . trade and ; com
merce. ■ - .. -• : .
■ The collections, from duties "oii imports and
internal taxes continue to ' exceed the ordi
nary expenditures of the Government, thanks
mainly to the reduced army expenditures. The
utmost care should be taken' not to reduce the
revenues bo that there will be any possibility
of a deficit; but after ; providing against any
such v contingency, . means should be adopted
which, will • bring the revenues more . nearly
within the . limit of our . actual needs. - In , his
report ! to the Congress * the Secretary ; of the
Treasury . considers [ all .' these \ ■ questions ; at>
length,'. and I ask your attention to the report
and recommendations.'; •.'•'-.. ■ "...
| I call' special attention to the . need , of strict
economy In expenditures. ■ The ; fact that our
national needs . forbid us to be niggardly • In
providing whatever is actually ■! necessary '.to
our well-being should make us doubly, careful
to husband our national resources as each
of us husbands his private ■•■. resources,- ■ by
scrupulous avoidance of anything like: waste
ful or reckless expenditure, j ' Only by avoid
ance ' of spending money .on "what, is needless
or unjustifiable can we legitimately keep 1 our
income to the point required " - to .. meet our
needs that ..are genuine. -'■ • '.-
SUPERVISION
OF RAILWAYS
Interstate Commerce '■> A ct r
Ought to Be. Amended' So
, Thai Rates Should .Be.
Just to and Open to All:
Shippers Alike. ■•'
1 In 1887 a measure 'was enacted for the regu
lation of interstate railways, commonly known
as the interstate commerce act. ' The. cardinal
provisions' of that "act were that railway rates
should be Just and reasonable and that, all
shippers, localities and commodities should be
accorded equal treatment. A commission was
.created and endowed with what were sup
posed to be the. necessary powers to execute
the provisions of this act.
That law was largely an experiment. Expe
rience has shown the wisdom of its purposes,
but has also shown, possibly, that -some of its
requirements are wrong, certainly that the
means devised for the enforcement of its pro
visions are defective. Those who complain of
the management of the railways allege that
established rates are not maintained; that re
bates and similar devices are habitually re
sorted to; that these preferences are usually
in favor of the large shipper; that they drive
out of business the smaller competitor; that
while many rates are too low, many others
are excessive; and that gross preferences are
made, affecting both localities and commodi
ties. Upon the other hand, the railways as
sert that the law by its very terms tends to
produce many of these illegal practices by de
priving carriers of that right of concerted ac
tion which they claim is necessary to estab
lish'and maintain non-discriminating rated.
The act should be amended. The railway Is
a public servant. Its rates should be Just to
and open to all shippers alike. The Govern
ment should see to it that within its Juris
diction this is so p.nd should provide a speedy,
inexpensive and effective remedy to that end
.At the same time It must not be 'forgotten
that our railways are the arteries through
which the commercial llfeblood of this nation
flows. Nothing could be more foolish than the
enactment of legislation which would unnec
essarily interfere with the development and
operation of these commercial agencies. The
subject is one of great Importance and calls
for ' the earnest . attention of Congress.
GOVERNMENT AID
FOR AGRICULTURE
Preservation of Forests Is
Required and- the Fedrral
j Officers Should Assist in .
Reclamation of Arid
Lands by. Building Reser
voirs. \ . .
The Department of Agriculture during" the
past fifteen years has steadily broadened its
work on economic lines, and has accomplished
results of . real value in upbuilding domestic
and foreign trade. It has . gone into new
fields until it is now in touch with all sec
tions of our country and with two of • the
island groups that have lately come under
our Jurisdiction, whose people must look to
agriculture as a livelihood. . It is searching
the world for exalns. grasses, fruits and 'vege
tables specially fitted for introduction into lo
calities in the several States and Territories
where they may add materially to our re
sources. By scientific attention to soil survey
and possible new crops, to breeding of new
varieties of plants, to experimental shipments,
to animal industry and applied chemistry,
very practical aid has been given our farming
and stock-growing interests. The products of
the farm have taken an unprecedented place
in our export trade during the year that has
just closed. • .
Public opinion throughout the United States
has moved steadily- toward a Just appreciation
of the value of forests, whether planted or
of natural growth. The great part played by
■them In the creation and maintenance of. the
national wealth Is now more fully realized
than ever before. ' •
. • .» ■ Wise forest prctec
'♦ ■ — + tlon does not mean the
withdrawal, of forest
i Practical uncm resources, whether of
of the na- wood, water or grass.
tional forest from contributing their
: reserve* dnly | full share to 'the wel
| demonstrated | fare of the • peoule,
I ' ■ . | but, on the contrary,
■f ■+- '£ives the assurance of
■ larger and more cer
tain supplies. • The fundamental Idea , of . for
estry Is the perpetuation j of forests by use.
.Forest protection Is not an end of itself;, it
is a means to Increase and sustain the re
sources of our . . country 'and the industries
which depend upon them. The preservation
of our forests Is an Imperative business neces
sity. We have come to see clearly, that what
ever destroys the forest, except to . make _-way
for agriculture, threatens j our well being. ,
■The practical usefulness' of the national for
est reserves to the mining, grazing, irrigation
and other interests of the regions in which the
reserves lie has led to a widespread demand
by the people^of the . West ■ for their protection
and extension. The forest reserves will inevit
ably be of- still greater use In the; future than
in the past. Additions should be made to
them whenever ! practicable, j and' their I useful
ness should* be increased by a thoroughly busi
ness-like management. ■
'" At ■ present • the protection of the 'forest re
eorves rests with the General Land Office, the
mapping and description of their timber with"
the , United States Geological Survey, and the
preparation of plans for their conservative use
with the Bureau ' of . ; Forestry, which Is also
charged -with the general advancement of prac
tical forestry in theiUnited States. These va-
Houh functions should be united In the Bureau
of Forestry, to which they; properly belong.-
The present diffusion of responsibility i is bad
from every standpoint. If prevents that effec
tive co-operation between the Government and
. the. men i. who utilize, the resources- of the 're
serves, | without: which the interests of both
must suffer. The scientific bureaus generally
should be put under the . Department of Agri- 1
culture. J The President should -have,; by law
the: power of. transferring < lands for: Use as
■forest reserves to the Department of ■ Agricul-
ture. He already has such power In the case
of lands , needed by the Departments of War
and the Navy.
The wise administration of the forest reserves
will be not less helpful to the interests which
depend on water than to those which depend
on wood and grass. The water supply Itself
depends upon the forest. In the arid region
.it is water, not land, . which measures produc
tion. The western half of the United States
would sustain a population greater than that
of. our whole country to-day If the waters that
now run to waste were saved and used for ir
rigation. The forest and water problems are
perhaps the most vital internal questions of
the United. States at the present time.
Certain of the forest
♦ ♦■ reserves should also be
- . made preserves for the
Provision wild forest creatures.
m li o ii 1 cl be All of the reserves
made to pro- should be better, pro
t e c t vrild tectedfrom fires. Many
creatures. of them need special
protection because ' of
■♦ 4 the great Injury done
by livestock, above all
by sheep. The increase in deer, elk and other
animals In the Yellowstone Park shows what
may be expected when other mountain forests
are properly protected by law and properly
guarded. Some of these areas have been so de
nuded of surface vegetation ' by overgrazing
that the ground breeding birYJs, Including
grouse and quail, and many mammals, includ
ing deer, have been exterminated or driven
away. At the same time the water-storing ca
pacity of the surface has been decreased or
destroyed, thus promoting floods in times of
rain and diminishing the flow of streams be
tween rains.'
In cases where natural conditions have been
restored for a few years vegetation has again
carpeted the ground, birds and deer are com
ing back, and hundreds of persons, especially
from the immediate neighborhood, come each
summer to enjoy the privilege of camping.
Sime at least of the forest reserves should
afford perpetual protection to the native fauna
and flora, safe havens of refuge to our rapidly
diminishing wild animals of the larger kinds
and free camping grounds for the ever-Increas
ing numbers of men and women who have
learned to find rest, health and recreation In
the splendid forests nnd flower-clad meadows
of our mountains. The forest reserves should
be set apart forever for th« usa and benefit
of our people as a whole and not sacrificed to
the Phort-slKhted greed of a few.
The forests are natural reservoirs. Bv re
straining the streams In flood and replenishing
them in drought they make possible the use of
waters otherwise wasted. They prevent the
soil from washlne. and so prot^t the storage
reservoirs from filling up with silt. Forest con
servation Is therefore an essential condition of
wflter conservation.
The forests alone cannot; however, fully reg
ulate and conserve the water* of the arid re
gion. Great Ftorajre works are necessary to
equalize the flow of streams and to save the
flood waters. Their construction has been con
clusively shown to be an undertaking too vast
for private effort. Nor ran It be best accom
plished jby the individual States acting alon«».
Fnr-n>ach!ner Interstate problems are involved
pnd the resources of slnele States would often
be inadequate. It Is 'properly a national func
tion.' at -least In some of its features. It is as
right for th<» national Government to make the
Ftreams and rivers of the arid region useful
by engineering works for water storage ns to
make userul the rivers and the harbors of the
humid rp«rlon by enelneer'nsr wnrks of nnother
kind. The storing of the floods In reservoirs at
the headwaters of our rivers is but an enlarge
ment of our present polloy of rl\-er control, un
der which levees nre built on the lower reaches
of the same streams.
The Government should construct and main
tain these reservoirs as it does other public
works. Where their purpose is to feirulate the
flow of streams the water should be turned
freely Into the channels In the dry season to
take the Fame course under • the same laws
as the natural '■ flow. ■
. . ' . The reclamation of
•• 1 ; •*■ the unsettled arid pub-
I I He lands presents a
I r r I k a t I nn \ different problem. Here
j ■ work* "'>onlil | it Is not enough to
I be built by | regulate . th» flow of
I the national I streams. The object
I Government. I nf : the Government Is
I I to' dispose of the land
"4 — r> ■ — + to settlers who will
r".\ build homes upon It.
To accomplish this . object water must be
brons-ht within their reach.
The pioneer settlers on the arid public do
main chose their homes alonu streams frdtn
which they could thpmselves divert the. water
to reclaim their . hoiain<*-«i. Such opportunities
are practically g-one. There remain, however,
vast areas of nubile land which can be mart »
available for homestead settlement, but only
by reservoirs and main-line' canals impracti
cable for private enterprise. These irrigation
works FhnuUl be built by the national Govern
ment. The lands reclaimed by them should be
reserved by the Government for actual settlers,
and the cost of construction should be so far
as possible repaid by the land reclaimed. The
distribution of the water, the division of the
streams amomr Irrltrators. should be left "to
the settlers themselves . In conformity with
State laws and without Interfprence with those
laws or with vested rights. The policy of the
national Government should' be to aid Irriga
tion In the -several States and Territories in
puch manner as will enable the people In the
local communities to help themselves, and as
will stimulate needed reforms in the State laws
and regulations governing Irrigation. ■
The reclamation and settlement of the arid
lands will enrich. every portion of our country.
Just as , the settlement of the Ohio and Mis
sissippi valleys brought prosperity to the At
lantic States. , The increased demand for man.
ufactured articles will stimulate industrial pro
duction, while wider home markets and the
trade of Asia will j consume , the larger food
supplies and , effectually prevent Western com-'
petition with Kastern agriculture. Indeed, the
products of Irrigation will be consumed chiefly
in upbuilding local centers of mining and other
industries, which - would otherwise not come
into existence at all.- Our people as a' whole
will profit, for successful home-making is but
another name for the upbuilding of the nation.
•-,■« The necessary foun
't ~r — ■+ dation has already
— ' ' •■■■'■. been laid for the ln
- Many million auguration of the pol
acreM of arid icy Just described. It
i ■ 1 a h d h a ve would be unwise to be
b e e n r e- gin by doing too much,
claimed. for a. ■ great . deal will
doubtless "be , learned.
+: : 1 r— f- both as to what can
'.;■ . • and -what, cannot be
safely attempted, : by the early . efforts, * which
must of. necessity be partly- experimental In
character. At the very beginning- the Gov
ernment should . make clear, ' beyond shadow of
doubt, its intention £o > pursue this policy on
lines of the broadest public interest. No reser
voir r or canal should ever be built to satisfy
selfish personal or local Interests; but only in
accordance with the advice of. trained experts
after long investigation has shown the locality
where all -. the conditions combine to make the
work most needed and fraught- with ttie great
est usefulness to the , community as « whole.
There should.be no 'extravagance, 1 and the be
lievers: In the need of irrieatlon will most
benefit ' their, cause . by seeing to. It-. that it is
free from the least taint • of excessive or reck
less expendltureof thepublle moneys. <•
Whatever the nati6n does for th*e extension
of Irrigation . should harmonize ' with and tend
to improve the condition of those now living
on Irrigated land.*- We are- not at the starting
■ point of^ this development.'. Over two hundred
millions of private capital has already, been
ARMY IS LARGE
ENOUGH FOR ALL
ITS REQUIREMENTS
But Greater State of Efficiency Is
"Desired by the Chief
Executive.
expended In the construction of irrigation works
and many million acres of arid land reclaimed.
A high degree of enterprise and ability has
been shown in the work itself, but as mucn
cannot be said In reference to the laws relat
ing thereto. The security and value of the
homes created depend largely on the stability
of titles to water, but the majority of these
rest on the uncertain foundation of court de
cisions rendered In ordinary suits at law. w | tn
a few creditable exceptions the arid States
have failed to provide for the certain and Just
division of streams in times of scarcity. Lax
and uncertain laws have made It aossible to
establish rights to water In excess of actual
uses or necessities and many streams have al
ready passed into private ownership or a con
trol equivalent to ownership.
Whoever controls a stream practically con
trols the land it renders productive, and the
doctrine of private ownership of water apart
from land cannot prevail without causing en
during wrong. The recognition of such owner
ship, which has been permitted to grow up In
the arid regions, should give way to a more
enlightened and larger recognition of the rights
of the public in the control and disoosal of
tbe public water supplies. Laws founded upon
conditions obtaining in humid regions, where
water Is too abundant to Justify hoarding it,
have no proper application in a dry country.
In the arid States the
--♦ 4 only right to water
I which should be recog-
Developnie nt»| nized is that of use.
, of the past In irrigation this right
iamtlty exten- should attach to the
slon of Gov- land reclaimed and be
eminent aid. inseparable therefrom.
Granting perpetual
•f ' »■■' f water rights to others
than users, without
compensation to the public. Is open to all the
objections which apply to giving away per
petual franchises to the public utilities- of
cities. A few of the Western States have al
ready recognized this and have incorporated
in their constitutions the doctrine of perpetual
State ownership of water.
The benefits which have followed the unaid
ed development of the past Justify the nation's
aid and co-operation in the more difficult and
important work yet to be accomplished. Laws
so vitally affecting homes as those which con
trol the water supply will only be effective
when they have the sanction of the irrlgators;
reforms can only be final and satisfactory when
they come through the enlightenment of the
people most concerned. The larger development
which national . aid Insures should, however,
awaken in every arid State the determination
to make its irrigation system equal in Justice
and effectiveness that of any country in the
civilized world. Nothing could be more unwise
than for Isolated communities to continue to
learn ei'erything experimentally instead of
profiting by what is already known elsewhere.
We are dealing with a new and momentous
question in the pregnant years while Institu
tions are forming, and what we do will affect
not only the present but future generations.
Our aim should be not simply to reclaim the
largest area of land and provide homes'- fcr
the largest number of people, but to create
for this new industry the best possible social
and industrial conditions; and this requires that
we not only understand the existing situation,
tmt avail ourselves of the best experience of
the time in the solution of its problems. A
careful study should be made, both by the
nation and the States, of the irrigation laws
and conditions here and abroad. Ultimately it
will probably be necessary for the nation to
co-operate with the several arid States In pro
portion as these States by their legislation and
administration show themselves fit to receive
It. . - •
In Hawaii ! our aim must be to develop the
Territory on the traditional American lines.
We do not wish a region of large estates tilled
by cheap labor; we wish a healthy American
community of men who themselves till the
farms they own. All our legislation for the
Islands should be shaped with this end in view;
the well-being of the average home-maker
must afford the true test of the healthy de
velopment of the islands. The land policy
should as nearly as possible be modeled on our
homestead system.
It is a pleasure to say that it is hardly more
necessary, to report as to Porto Rico than as
to any State or Territory within our continental
limits. The island is thriving as never before,
and it is bc<ng administered efficiently and
honestly. Its people are now enjoying liberty
and order under the protection of the Unite 1
States, and upon this fact we congratulate
them and ourselves. Their material welfare
must be as carefully and Jealously considered
as the welfare of any other portion of our
country. We have given them the great gift
of free access for their products to the mar
kets of the United States. I ask the atten
tion of the Congress to the need of legislation
concerning the public lands of Porto Rico. '
In Cuba such progress
' ' ♦ has been made toward
• • ' ■ | Putting the* !nder«id-
Cnl.n -will l»e. €n t government of the
able^ to utart island upon a firm foot
si- her own I ing that before the
| iiil*tre*fl in a | present session of the
I short time. j Congress closes this
I I will be an accom
-♦ ■ + plished fact. Cuba will
then- start as her own
mistress; and to the beautiful Queen of the
Antilles, as she unfolds this new page of her
destiny, we extend our 'heartiest greetings and
good wishes. Elsewhere I have discussed the
question of reciprocity. In the case of Cuba,
however, there are we)fehty reasons of moral
ity and of national Interest why the policy
should be held to have a peculiar application,
and I most earnestly ask your attention to the
wisdom, indeed to the vital need, of jjfotid
ing for a substantial reduction in the tariff
duties on Cuban imports into the United
States. Cuba has In her constitution affirmed
what we desired, that she should stand. In In
ternational matters, in closer and more friend
ly relations' with us than with any other power;
and we are bound by every consideration of
honor and expediency to pass commercial
measures in the Interest of her material well
being.
In the Philippines our problem is larger.
They are very rich tropical islands. Inhabited
by many varying- tribes, representing widely
different stages of progress toward civilization
Our earnest effort is to help these people up
ward along the stony and difficult path that
Jeads to self-government. We hope to make
our administration of the islands honorable to
our nation by making it of the Mghest benefit
to the Filipinos themselves; and as an earnest
of what we intend to do. we point to what
we have done. Already a greater measure of
material prosperity and of governmental hon
esty and efficiency has been attained in the
Philippines than- ever before In their history.
._ If Is no light task
? ♦ for a nation to achieve
| D . , j the temperamental
llntlcncp, | qualities without which
Mrenjjtl), for- | the institutions of free
bearance and j government are but an
. resolution to | empty mockery.' Our
be desired. j people are now suc
■ I cessfully governing
f — +■ themselves, because for
more than a thousand
years they have been slowly fitting themselves
sometimes consciously, sometimes unconscious
ly, toward this end. What has taken us thirty
generation? ■ to achieve, we - cannot expect to
see another race accomplish -out of hand es
pecially when large portions of that race start
vary far behind the point which our ancestors
had reached even thirty generations ago.
In dealing with the Philippine people we must
show both patience and strength, forbearance
and steadfast resolution. Our aim is high. \y e
do not desire to do for the Islanders merely,
what has elsewhere been done for tropic peo
ples by even the best foreign governments. We
hope to do for them what has never before
been done for any people of the tropics— to
make them fit for | self-government, after the
fashion of the really free nations.
History may safely be cnaiienged to show a
single instance in which a masterful race such
; ae ours, having been forced by the exigencies
of war to take possession of an alien land,
has behaved to its inhabitants with the dis
interested zeal for their progress that our peo
ple have shown In the Philippines. To leave
the Islands at this time would mean that they
would fall Into a welter of murderous nn
archy. Such desertion of duty on our pnr»
would be a crime against humanity. The
character of Governor Taft and of his asso
ciates and subordinates Is a proof, if such
be needed, of the sincerity of our effort to
give the islanders a constantly increasing
1 measure • of ' self-government exactly as - tast
as they show themselves fit to exercise it
Since the civil government was established
not an appointment haa been made In the
islands with any reference to considerations
of political influence, or to aught else sav*
the fitness of the man and the needs of flip
service.
In our anxiety for the welfare and progrea*
of the Philippines it may be that here and
there we have gone too rapidly In giving th?m
local self-government. It is on this aide that
our error, If any, haa been committed. No
competent observer, sincerely desirous of find
ing out the facts and influenced only by a
desire for the welfare of the natives, can as
sort that we have not gone far enough. W«
have gone to the very verge of safety la has
tening the process. To have taken a single
step farther, or faster in advance would have
been folly and weakness, and might well have
been crime. We are extremely anxious that
the natives shall show the power of governing
themselves. We are anxious, first for their
aakes, and next because It relieves us of a
great burden. There need not be the slightest
fear of our not continuing to give them alt
the liberty for which they are fit.
The only fear Is lest
ff ? in our overanxlety we
I give them a degree of
Stonna are la | independence for which
prospect 1 a j they are unfit, thereby
g o Ttrnment Inviting reaction and
of the Phil- disaster. As fast aa
lppinen. there is any reasonable
hope that in a given
f f district the people can
govern themselves self
government haa been given in that district.
There is not a locality fitted for selJ-govern
ment which has not received it. But it may
well be that in certain cases it will have to
be withdrawn because the Inhabitants show
themselves unfit to exercise it: such instance*
have already occurred. In other words, ther
is not the slightest chance of our failing to
show a sufficiently humanitarian spirit. 1 fcr
danger comts In the opposite direction. j
There are still troubles ahead in the islands.
The insurrection has become an affair of local
banditti and marauders, who deserve no higher
regard than the brigands of portions of the
Old World. Encouragement, direct or indirect,
to these insurrectors stands on the same foot
ing as encouragement to hostile Indians in the
days when we still had Indian wars. Exact
ly as our aim ia to give to the Indian who re
mains peaceful the fullest and amplest con
sideration, but to have it understood that w-»
will show no weakness if ne goes on the war
path, so we must make it evident, unless we
are false to our own traditions and to the
demands of civilization and humanity, »ha:
while we will do everything la our pow
the Filipino who i3 peaceful, we will take th«
sternest measures with the Filipino wh
lows the path of the miurrecto an^
ladrone.
The heartiest praise is due to large numbers
of the natives of the islands for their st- i
loyalty. The Macabebes have been conspk :
ous for their courage and devotion to the fla^.
I recommend that the Secretary of War tw
empowered to take some systematic action in
the way of aiding those of these men who ar<>
crippled in the service and the families at
those who are killed.
The time has come when there should be
additional legislation for the Philippine-*.
Nothing better can be done for the lslanJa
than to Introduce industrial enterprises. Noth
ing would benefit them so much as throwing
them open to industrial development. The con
nection between Idleness and mischief ia i,ro- j
verbial, and the opportunity to do remunera-^
tive work is one of the aurest preventives .if ]
war. Of course no business man will aji
the Philippines unless it .8 to his int«"
do so: and it is immensely to the inter
the islands that he should go In. It is -
fore necessary that the Congress shoull
laws by which the resources of the inlands can
be developed; so that franchises (tor limit- a
; terms of years) can be granted to companiei
i doing business in them, «nd every encourage
ment be given to the incoming of business men
of every kind.
Not to permit this is to do a wrong to the
Philippines. The franchises must be grant-ii
and the business permitted only under regu
lations which will guarantee the Isla^Js
against any kind of improper exploitation. Bue
the vast natural wealth of the islands mu.-
be developed, and the capital willing to -le
velop it must be given the' opportunity. Tha
field must be thrown open to individual enter
prise, which has been the real factor in the
development of every region over which our
flag has flown. It Is urgently necessary to- en
act suitable laws dealing with general trans
portation, mining-, banking, currency, home
steads, and the use and ownership of the lands
and timber. These laws will give free play
to industrial enterprise: and the commercial
development which will surely follow will af
ford to the people of the islands the best proofs
of the sincerity of our desire to aid them.
NEED OF CABLE
TO THE ORIENT
Not a Day Should Be
Wasted in the Construc
tion of the Cable Line to
Hawaii and the Far Phil
ippines.
I call your attention most earnestly to the
crying need of a cable to Hawaii and the
Philippines, to be continued from the Philip
pines to points In Asia. We should not defer
a day longer than necessary the construction
of such a cable. It is demanded" not merely
for commercial but for political ajid military
considerations.
Either the Congress should immediately pro
vide for the construction of a Government
cable or else an arrangement should be made
by which like advantages to those accruing
from a Government cable may be secured to
the Government by contract with a private
cable company.
WORK ON CANAL
MUST PROCEED
United States Has an Op
portunity to Do the Build
ing and Assume Responsi
bility for Safeguarding
the IVaterzvay Through
the Isthmus.
No single great material work which' re
mains to be undertaken on this continent Is
of such consequ«nc« to the American people
as' the building of a canal across the Isthmus
connecting North and South America. Its Im
portance to the nation is by no. means limited
merely to its material effects upon our busi
ness prosperity; and yet with view tq these
effects alone it' would be to the last degree im
portant for us to immediately begin it. While
its beneficial effects would perhaps be most
marked upon the Pacific Coast and the gulf
and South Atlantic States, it would also great
ly benefit other sections. It is emphatically
a work which it Is for the Interest of the
entire country to begin and complete as soon
as possible; it ts one of those great works
which only a great nation can undertake with
prospects of success, ana which when done
are not only permanent assets in the nation's
material Interests, but standing monuments to
its constructive ability.
I am glad to be able to announce to you
that our negotiations on this subject with
Great Britain, conducted on both sides lnVa
si Irit of friendliness and mutual good will =^"*J'
respect, have resulted in my being able to
lay before the Senate a treaty which if rati
fied will enable us to begin preparations for
Continued on Page Fiva.v -.''SL- '■'■'■■ ■ ■ '' . '. ■ '■ rfvi.V"
CUBA IS ENTITLED
TO INDEPENDENCE
WITHOUT DELAY
Porto Rico and Hawaii Should Be
Promptly Developed on
American Lines.
Continued Prom. Page Four.
an isthmian canal at any time, and which
fruarantees to this nation every right that It
has ever asked in connection with the c&nal.
in this treaty, -the cid Clayt'on-Bulwer treaty,
to long recognized as inadequate to supply
the base for the construction and mainte
nance of a necessarily American ship canal,
is abrogated. ' It specifically provides that the
United States alone shall do the work of
building and assume the responsibility of safe
guarding the canal and shall regulate its neu
tral use by all nations on terms of equality
without the guaranty or interference of any
outsiue nation from any quarter. The signed
treaty will at once be laid before the Sanate,
and if approved the Congress can then pro
ceed to give effect to the advantages it se
cures us by »rovidlns for the building of the
canal.
PEACE BEFORE
BLIGHTING WAR
More Harmony Among Civ
ilized Peoples Hoped for
by the Executive of the
American Republic end
Explanation of the Mon
roe Doctrine.
The true end of every great and free people
should be self-respecting peace; and this na
tion most earnestly desires sincere and «ordlal
friendship with all others. Over the entire
world, of recent years, wars between the great
civilized powers have become less and less
Irequent. Wars with barbarous or semi-bar
barous peoples come in an entirely different
category, being merely a most regrettable but
necessary international police duty which must
be performed for the sake of the welfare of
mankind. Peace can only be kept witb cer
tainty where both sides wish to keep it; but
more and more the civilized peoples are real
izing the wicked folly of war and are attain
ing that condition of Just and intelligent re
gard for the rights of others which will In
the end, as we hope and believe, make world
wide i>eace possible. The peace conference at
The Hague gave definite expression to this
hope and belief and marked a stride toward
their attainment.
This same peace conference acquiesced in our
Ftatement of the Monroe dictrine as compat
ible with the purposes and aims of the con
ference.
The Monroe doctrine should be the cardinal
feature of the foreign policy of all the nations
of the two Am/rlcas, as it is of the United
States. Just seventy-eight years have passed
since President Monroe in his annual message
announced that '"the American continents are
henceforth not to be considered as subjects
for future colonization by any European
power." In other words, the Monroe doc
trine is a declaration that there must be no
territorial aggrandizement by any non-Ameri
can power at the expense of any American
power on American soil. It is in no wise in
tended as hostile to any nation in the Old
World. Still less is it intended to give cover
to any aggression by one New World power
at the expense of any other. It is simply a
e'ep. and a long step, toward assuring the
universal peace of the world by securing the
possibility of permanent peace on this hemi
sphere.
During the past century other influences have
established the permanence and independence
of the smaller states of Europe. Throush the
Monroe doctrine we hope to be able to safe
puard like Independence and secure like per
manence for the lesser among the New World
nations.
This doctrine has nothing to do ■with the
commercial relations of any American power,
Fave that It In truth allows each of them to
form such as it derires. In other words, it is
really a guaranty of the commercial inde
pendence of the Americas. We do not ask
under this doctrine for any exclusive commer
cial dealings with any other American State.
We do not guarantee any State against pun
ishment If it misconducts itself, provided that
punishment does not take the form of the ac
quisition of territory by any non- American
power.
Our attitude in Cuba if a sufficient guaranty
of our own good faith. We have not the slight
est desire to secure any territory at the ex
pense of any of our neighbors. We wish to
work with them hand in hand, so that all of
us may be uplifted together, and we rejoice
over the good fortune of any of them, we gladly
hail their material prosperity and political
stability, and are concerned and alarmed if
any of" them fall into industrial or political
chaos. We do not wish to see any Old World
military power grow up on this continent, or to
be compelled to become a military power our
selves. The peoples of the Americas can pros-
I-er best If left to work out their own salva
tion in their own way.
RIGHTS OURS,
BUT ALSO DUTY
Development of the Navy Is
Required for the Greater
Success of Our Merchant
Marine and for Protection
of the Country.
The work of upbuilding the navy must be
steadily continued. No one point of our policy,
foreign or domestic. Its more Important than
IMS to the honor and material welfare, and
above all to the peace, of our nation in the
future. Whether we desire It or not, we must
henceforth recognize that we have international
duties no less than International rights. Even
if our flas were hauled down In the Philippines
and Porto Rico, even If we decided not to build
the Isthmian canal, we should need a thor
oughly trained navy of adequate size, or else
be prepared definitely and for all time to aban
don the idea that our nation is among those
whose son* go down to the sea. in ships. Un
less our commerce is always to be carried In
foreign bottoms we must have war craft to
protect It.
Inasmuch, however, as the American people
have no thought of abandoning the path upon
which they have entered, and especially In
view of the fact that the building, of the Isth
mian canal Is faet becoming one of the matters
which the whole people are united in demand-
Ing it is Imperative that our navy should be
put* and kept in the highest frtate of efficiency
and should be made to answer to our growing
needs. So far from being In any way a provo
cation to war, an adequate and highly trained
navy is the best guaranty against war, the
cheapest and most effective peace Insurance.
The cost of building and maintaining such a
navy represents the very lightest premium for
Insuring peace which this nation can possibly
pay. *
Probably no other great nation In the world
is 60 anxious for peace as we are. There Is
not a single cix-lllzed power which has anything
■whatever to fear from aggressiveness on our
part. All we want i» peace; and toward this
end we wish to be able to secure the same re
epect for our rights from others which we
ere eager and anxious to extend to their rights
in return, to insure fair treatment to us com
mecially and to guarantee the safety of the
American people.
Our people Intend to abide by the Monioe
' / doctrine and to insist upon It as the one sure
v/A means of securing the peace of the Western
; Hemisphere. The navy offers us the only means
»f making our insistence upon the Monroe doer
trine anything but a eubject of derision to
whatever nation chooses to disregard it We
teeire the peace which comes as of right to
|be Just man armed; not the peace granted on
terms of Ignominy to the craven and the weak
ling.
It is not possible to
+ Improvise a navy after
war breaks out. The
Training: of na- ships must be built and
ral men can- the men trained long in
not be ncg- advance; Some aux
lected daring; niary vessels can be
peace. turned Into makeshifts
________^^_ which will do in de
* "t" fault of any better for
the minor work, and a
proportion of raw men can be mixed
with the highly trained, their short
comlngs^being made good by the skill of their
fellows; but the efficient fighting force of the
navy when pitted against an equal opponent
will be found almost exclusively in the war
ships that have been regularly built and in the
officers and men who through years of faith
ful performance of sea duty have been trained
to handle their formidable but complex and
delicate weapons with the highest efficiency.
In the late war with Spain the ships that dealt
the decisive blows at Manila and Santiago had
been launched from two to fourteen years, and
they were able to do as they did because the
men in the conning towers, the gun turrets and
the engine-rooms had through long years of
practice at sea learned how to do their duty.
Our present navy was begun in 1SS2. At that
period our navy consisted of a collection of
antiquated wooden ships, already almost as out
of place against modern war vessels as the gal
leys of Alcibiades and Hamilcar— certainly as
the ships of Tromp and Blake. Nor at that
time did we have men fit to handle a modern
man-of-war. Under the wise legislation of the
Congress and the successful administration of
a succession of patriotic Secretaries of the
Navy, belonging to both political parties, the
work of upbuilding the navy went on, and
ships equal to any In the world of their kind
were continually added; and what was even
more Important, these ships were exercised at
sea singly and in squadrons until the men
aboard them were able to get the best possible
service out of them. The result was seen in
the short war with Spain, which was decided
with such rapidity because of the Infinitely
greater preparedness of our navy than of the
Spanish navy.
While awarding the fullest honor to the men
who actually commanded and manned the ships
which destroyed the Spanish sea forces in the
Philippines and in Cuba, we must not forget
that an equal meed of praise belongs to those
without whom neither blow could have been
struck. The Congressmen who voted years in
advance the money to lay down the ships, to
build the guns, to buy the armcr-plate; the de-
I partment officials and the business* men and
wage-workers who furnished what the Con
gress had authorized; the Secretaries of the
Navy who asked for and expended the appro
priations; and finally the officers who, in fair
weather and foul, on actual sea service, trained
and disciplined the crews of the ships when
there was no war In sight— all are entitled to a
full share in the glory of Manila and Santiago,
and the respect accorded by every true Ameri
can to those who wrought such signal triumph
for our country- It was forethought and prep
aration which secured us the overwhelming tri
umph of 1S9S. If we fall to show forethought
and preparation now, there may come a time
when disaster will befall us instead of tri
umph; and should this time come, the fault
will rest primarily, not upon those whom the
accident of events puts in supreme command
at the moment, but upon those who have failed
to prepare in advance. ■_
There should be no
♦ ♦ cessation in the work
j of completing our navy.
Additional bat- 1 So far ingenuity has
tleahipg are j been wholly unable to
required for | devise a substitute for
safety of the j the great war craft
nation. | whose hammering guns
j beat out the mastery
: + f of the high seas. It Is
unsafe and unwise not
to provide this year for several additional bat
tleships and heavy armored cruisers, with aux
iliary and lighter craft in proportion; for the
exafct numbers and character I refer you to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy. But there
is something we need even more than addi
tional ships, and this is additional officers and
men. To provide battleships and cruisers and
then lay them up, with the expectation of leav
ing them unmanned until they are needed in
actual war, would be worse than folly; it
would be a crime against the nation.
To send any warship against a competent
enemy unless those aboard it have been trained
by years of actual sea service. Including in
cessant [junnery practice, would be to Invite
not merely dlnsaster, but the bitterest shame
and humiliation. Four thousand additional
seamen and one thousand additional marines
should be provided; and an increase in the offi
cers should be provided by making a large ad
dition to the classes at Annapolis. There is
one small matter which should be mentioned
in connection with Annapolis. The pretentious
and unmeaning ..title of "naval cadet" sh 1
be abolished; the title of "midshipman," lull
of historic association, should be restored.
Even In time of peace a warship should be
used until It wears out, for only so can .it be
kept fit to respond to any emergency. The
officers and men alike should be kept as much
as possible on blue water, for it is there only
they can learn their, duties as they should be
learned. The big vessels should be maneuvered
In squadrons containing not merely battleships,
but the necessary proportion of% cruisers and
scouts. The torpedo-boats' should be handled
by the younger officers in such manner as will*
best fit the latter to take responslbllty and
meet the emergencies of actual warfare.
Every detail ashore which can be performed
by a civilian should be so performed, the offi
cer being kept for his special duty in the sea
service. Above all, gunnery practice should be
unceasing. It is Important to have our navy
of adequate size, but it Is even more important
that ship for ship It ehould equal In efficiency
any navy in the world. This is possible only
with highly drilled crews and officers, and this
In turn imperatively demands continuous and
progressive Instruction in target practice, ship
handling, squadron tactics and general discip
line. Our ships must be assembled In squad-'
rons actively cruising away from harbors and
never long at anchor. The resulting wear upon
engines and hulls must be endured; a battle
ship worn out In long training of officers and
men is well paid for by the results, while, on
the other hand, no matter in how excellent
condition. It Is useless If the crew be not ex
pert.
We now have seven
4 ' b- teen battleships appro
| priated for, of which
Ability to com- | nine are completed and .
mnnd men a J have been commis- '
jrrent requlw- sloned for actual serv
| Ite In sea ice. The remaining
f ncrvlce. eight will be ready in
| from two to four years,
it + but it will take at least
that time to recruit'
and train the men to fight them. It is of vast
concern that we have trained crews ready for
the vessels by the time they are commissioned.
Good ships and good guns are simply good
weapons, and the best weapons are useless
save In the hands of men who know how to
fight with them. The men must be trained and
drilled under a thorough and well-planned sys
tem of progressive instruction, while the re
cruiting must be carried on with still greater
vigor. Every effort must be made to exalt the
main function of the officer — the command of
men. The leading graduates of the Naval Acad
emy should be assigned to the combatant
branches, the line and marines. £
Many of the essentials of success are already
recognized by the general board, which, as the
central office of a growing staff, is moving
steadily toward a proper war efficiency and a
proper efficiency of the whole navy, under the
Secretary. This general board, by fostering
the creation of a general staff, is providing
for the official and then the general recogni
tion of our altered conditions as a nation and
of the true meaning of a great war fleet, which
meaning is. first, the best men, and, second,
the best ships.
The Naval Militia forces are State organiza
tions, and are trained for coast service, and
in event of war they will constitute the inner
line of defense. They ehould receive hearty
encouragement from the General Government.
But in addition - we should at once provide
for a national naval reserve, organized and
trained under the direction of the Navy De
partment, and subject to. the call of the Chief
Executive whenever war becomes Imminent.
It should be a real auxiliary to the naval sea
going peace establishment, and offer material
to be drawn on at once for manning our ebipu
THE SA^T FBANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY,' DECEMBER 4, 1901.
LET NOTHING DETRIMENTAL TO THE NATION BE RECORDED HERE.
SHOULD PROVE THEIR CAPACITY
TO EARN AN AMERICAN LIVING
FINALLY, ali persons should be excluded -who ara below a certain t
standard of economic fitness to enter our industrial field as com
petitors with American labor. There should be proper prooi o? per
sonal capacity to earn an American living and enough money to
insure a decent start under American conditions. This' would stop the
influx of cheap labor and the resulting competition which £ives rise to so
much of bitterness in American industrial life, and it would dry up the
springs 01 the pestilential social conditions in our great cities, where an
archistic organizations have their greatest possibility of growth.— From
Piesident Roostviit' s Message. m
in time of war. j It should be composed of
graduates of the naval academy, graduates of
the Naval Militia, officers and crews of coast
line 6teamers, longshore schooners, fishing ves
sels and steam yachts, together with the coast
population about such centers as life-saving
stations and lighthouses.
The American people must either build and
maintain an adequate navy or else make up
their minds definitely to accept a secondary
position in international affairs, not merely In
political, but in commercial, matters. It has
been well said that there is no surer way
of courting national disaster than to be "opu
lent, aggressive and unarmed." !'*>
* : — ; *•
ARMED FORCES
ARE ADEQUATE
. ■ i
No Important Reason Exists
at the Present Time for
Increase in the Strength of
the Military Organisation
of the Country. /...
It is not necessary to increase our army be
yond its present size at this time. ' But it is
necessary to keep it at the highest point of
efficiency. The individual units who as officers
and enlisted men compose this army, are, we
have good reason to believe, at least as ■ effi
cient as those of any other army In the entire
world. It is our. duty to see that their train
ing is of a kind to Insure the highest possible
expression of power to these units when act
ing in combination.
The conditions of modern 'war are ■ such as
to make an infinitely heavier demand than
ever before upon the individual character and
capacity of the officer and' the enlisted man,
and to make It' far more difficult for men to
act together with effect. At present the fight
ing must be done in extended order, > which
means that each man must . act for himself
and at the same time act In combination with
others with whom he is no longer in the old
fashioned elbow-to-elbow touch. Under such
conditions a few men of the highest excellence
are worth more than many men without the
special skill which is only found as the result
of special training applied i to men of excep
tional physique and morale. But nowadays
the most valuable fighting man and the most
difficult to perfect is the rifleman who is also
a skillful and daring rider.
The proportion of our cavalry regiments has
wisely been Increased. The American cavalry
man, trained to maneuver and fight with equal
facility Tin foot and on horseback, is the best
type of soldier for i general ■.. purposes ■ now to
be found In the world. • The Ideal cavalryman
of , the present day is a njan who can fight : on
foot : as effectively as . the best , infantryman."
and who Is In addition unsurpassed in tho care
and management of his horse and in his abil
ity to fight on horseback.
A general staff ehould be created. As for the
present staff and supply departments, they
should be filled by details from the line, the
men so detailed returning after a while to
their line duties. It Is very undesirable to have
the senior grades of the army composed of
men who have come to fill the positions by,
the mere fact of seniority. A system' should
be adopted by which there shall be an elimina
tion, grade by grade, of those who seem un
fit to render the best service in the next grade.
Justice to the veterans of the civil war who
are still in the 'army would seem to require'
that in the matter of retirements they be given
by Jaw the same privileges accorded to their
comrades in the navy.
The process of elim
\4 — 4- lnatlon of the least fit
I should be conducted in
Good, of the I a manner that would
service mn»t ) render it practically
always b,e the | impossible to apply'
purnin o' u n t j political or social pres
consideratlon | sure on behalf of any
| candidate, so that each
f f man may \be judged
purely on his own mer
its. Pressure for the promotion of civil offi
cials for political reasons is bad enough, but
it is tenfold worse where applied on behalf
of officers of the army or navy. Every pro
motion and every detail under the War De
partment must be made solely with regard to
the good of the service and to the capacity
and merit of the man hlntself. No pressure,
political, • social . or personal, of any. kind, will
be permitted to exercise the least effect in any
question of promotion or detail; and if there
U reason to believe that such pressure is ex
ercised at the Instigation of the officer con-,
cerned, it will be held to militate against him.
In our army we cannot afford to have rewards
or duties distributed save on the simple. ground
that those ,who by their own merits are en
titled to the rewards get them, and that those
who are peculiarly fit to do the duties are
chosen to perform them.
Every effort should be made to bring the
army to a constantly increasing state of effi
ciency. Wlten on actual service no work save
that directly in line of such service should be
required. The paper work in the army, as in
the navy, should . be greatly reduced. What
is needed is . proved power of . command and
capacity to work well in the field. Constant
care is necessary to j prevent dry, rot in. the
transportation and commissary departments.
Our army Is so small and so much scattered
that it is very difficult to give the higher offi
cers (as ■ well ' as the. lower officers and the
enlisted men) a chance to practice maneuvers
in mass and on a comparatively . large scale.
In time of need no amount of Individual'excel
lence would avail against tfre paralysis which
would follow inability to > work as a coherent
whole ' under and daring leadership.'
The Congress should provide means* whereby it
will be possible to have field exercises by at
least a division of regulars and if possible also
a division of national guardsmen once 'a year
These ' exercises '• might take the. form of field
maneuvers.' or, if on the Gulf Coast or the Pa
cific or Atlantic seaboard, or in the region of
• ■ *
the Great Lakes, the army corps when as
sembled could be marched from some inland
point to some point on the water, there em
barked, disembarked after a couple of days'
journey at some other point and again marched
inland. Only by actual handling and providing
for men In masses while they are marching,
camping, embarking and disembarking will it
be possible to train. the higher officers to per
form their duties well and smoothly.
A great debt is owing
4 1- from the public to tho
j men of the army and
Public owes a navy. They should be
gr r e a t debt so treated as to enable
to the • army them to reach the
\, and to* the highest point of effl
navy. | ciency, so that they
' I may be able to respond
\ 4" Instantly to any de
mand made upon them
to sustain the Interests of the nation and the
Jionor of . the flag. The individual American
enlisted man is probably on the whole a more
formidable fighting man than the regular of
any other army. Every consideration should
be shown him and in return the highest stand
ard of usefulness' should be exacted from him.
It is well worth while for the Congress to con
sider • whether the pay of enlisted men upon
second and subsequent enlistments should not
be increased to correspond with the increased
value of the veteran soldier.
Much good has already come from the act
reorganizing the army passed early in the pres
ent year. The three prime reforms, all of them
of : literally inestimable value, are, first, the
substitution of four-year details from the line
for permanent appointments in the so-called
staff divisions; second, the establishment of a
corps of artillery with a chief at the head;
third, the establishment of a maximum - and
minimum limit for. the army. It would be
difficult to overestimate the improvement in the
efficiency of our army which these three re
forms are making and have In part already
effected.
The reorganization provided for by the act
has been substantially accomplished. The Im
proved . conditions In the Philippines have • en
abled the War Department materially to reduce
the military charge upon our revenue and to
arrange, the number of soldiers so as to bring
thia number much nearer to the minimum than
to the maximum limit - established' by law.
There is, however, need of supplementary legis
lation.. Thorough military education must be
provided and ■ In addition to the regulars the
advantages of this education should be given
to the officers of the National Guard and others
in civil life who desire Intelligently to fit them
selves for possible military duty. The officers
should be given the chance to perfect them
selves by study in the higher branches of this
art.'. At West Point the education should be of
the kind -most apt • to turn out men who are
good . in actual field service; too much stress
should not be laid on mathematics, nor should
proficiency . therein ; be held to establish the
right of entry. to a corps. d' elite. The typical
American; officer of the best kind need not be
a good mathematician, but he must be able to
master himself, to control" others, and to Show
boldness and ". fertility : of ; resource in every
emergency... .
PACIFICATION OF
PHILIPPINES IS
' AMERICA'S DUTY
To Withdraw Troops From the
Archipelago at Present Time f
Would Be Criminal.
Action should be taken in reference to tha
militia and to the raising of volunteer forces.
Our militia law is obsolete and worthless. - The
organization and armament of the National
Guard of the several States, which are treated
as militia in the appropriations by the Congress,
should be made identical with those provided
for the regular forces. The, obligations and
duties of the guard in time of war should be
carefully defined and a system established by
law under which the method of procedure of
raising volunteer forces should be prescribed
in advance. . It is utterly impossible In the
excitement and haste of impending war to do
this satisfactorily if the arrangements have
not been made long beforehand. Provision
should be made for utilizing In the first vol
unteer organizations called out the training of
those citizens who have already had experience
under arms, and especially for the selection in
advance of the officers of any force which may
be raised: for careful selection of the kind
necessary Is Impossible ' after the outbreak of
war.
That the army is not at all a mere Instru
ment of destruction has been shown during the
last three years. In the Philippines, Cuba and
Porto Rico it has proved itself a great con
structive force, a most potent Implement for
th-> upbuilding of a peaceful civilisation.
No other citizens deserve so well of the re
public as the veterans, the survivors of those
who saved the Union. They did the one deed
which if left undone would have meant that
all else in our history went for nothing. But
for their steadfast prowess In the greatest
crisis of our history all our annals would be
meaningless and our great experiment in pop
ular freedom and self-government a glpomy
failure. . Moreover, they not only left? us a
united nation, but they left us also as a her
itage the memory of the mighty deeds by
which the nation was kept united. We are
now indeed one nation, one In fact as well
as in name; we are united in our devotion to
the flag which Is the symbol of national great
ness and unity; and the very completeness of
our union enables us all, in every part of the
country, to glory In the valor shown alike by
the sons of the North and the sons of the
South In the times that tried men's souls.
The men who in the last three years have
done so well in the East and the West Indies
and on the mainland of Asia have shown that
this remembrance is not lost. In any serious
crisis the United States must rely for the
great mass of its fighting men upon the vol
unteer soldiery who do not make a permanent
profession of the military career; and when
ever such a crisis arises the deathless memo
ries of the Civil War will give to Americans
the lift of lofty purpose which comes to those
whose fathers have stood valiantly in the
forefront of the battle.
MERIT SYSTEM
SHOWS CAINS
Government ■ Has Greatly
Benefited by the Practice
Which Permits Only Per
sons of Ability to Occupy
the Federal Positions.
The merit system of making appointments
is In Its essence as democratic and American
as the common school system ! itself. It sim
ply means that in clerical and other positions
where the duties are entirely non-political all
applicants should have a fair field and no fa
vor, each standing on his merits as he is able
to show them by practical test. Written com
petitive examinations offer the only available
means in many cases for applying this sys
tem. In other cases, as where laborers ! are
employed, a system of registration undoubted
ly can be widely ■ extended. There are of
course, places • where the written, competitive
examination cannot be applied, and others
where it offers by no means an ideal solu
tion, but where under existing political con
ditions it is, though an imperfect means, yet
the best present means of getting satisfactory
results. ■
Wherever the conditions have permitted the
application of the merit system in its fullest
and widest sense, the* rain to the Government
has been immense. The navy-yards and pos
tal service Illustrate, probably better than any
other branches of the Government, the great
gain in economy, efficiency and honesty due
to the enforcement of this principle.
I recommend the pdssape of a law which
will extend the classified service to the Dis
trict of Columbia, or will at least enable tho
President thus to extend It. In my Judgment
all laws providing for the temporary employ
ment of clerks should hereafter contain a pro
vision that they be selected under the Civil
Service law.
' It is lmr>ortant to have this system obtain
at home, but it is even more important' to
have it applied rigidly in our insular posses
sions. Not an office should be filled In the
Philippines or Porto Rico with any regard to
the man's partisan affiliations or services,
with any regard to the political, social or per
sonal influence which he may have at his
command; in short, heed .should be paid to
absolutely nothing save the man's own char
acter and capacity and the - needs of the
service.
The administration of these islands should
be as wholly free from the suspicion of par
tisan politics as the administration of the
army and navy. AH that we ask from the
public servant in the Philippines or Porto
Rico Is that he reflect- honor on his country
by the way in which he nrakes that country's
rule a benefit to the peoples who have come
under it. This Is all that we should ask. and
we cannot afford to be content with less.
The merit system Is simply one method of
securing honest and efficient administration of
the Government: and in the long run the sole
justification of any type of government lies
in its provins itself both honest and efficient.
The consular service Is now organized under
the provisions of a law passed in 1856, which
is entirely Inadequate to existing, conditions.
The Interest shown by so many commercial
bodies throughout the country In the reorgan
ization of the service is heartily commended
to your attention. Several bills providing for
a new consular service have in recent years
been submitted to the Congress. They are based
upon the Just principle that appointments to
the service should be made only after a prac
tical test of the applicant's fitness, that pro
motions should be governed by trustworthiness,
adaptability and I zeal in the performance of
duty, and that the tenure of office should be
§Vp| 5. ,WTTtfnS ? Great {SoV^T
I An American (Jin 1
The Chicago Post says: « It shows tie work of a master hand." j?
Illustrated, $1.50 •
_ i ■ -*.-:■*- . - - -■ ■ ■
"S 1 Harper & Brothers Ne^°' k
unaffected by partisan considerations.
The guardianship and fostering of our rapidly
expanding? foreign commerce, the protection of
American citizens resorting to foreign coun
tries in lawful pursuit of their affairs, and the
maintenance of the dignity of the nation
abroad, combine to make It essential that our
Consuls should be men of character, knowledge
and enterprise. It Is true that the service is
now, in the main, efficient, but a standard
of excellence cannot be permanently maintained
until the principles set forth In the bills here
tofore submitted to the Congress on this sub
ject are enacted Into law.
In my : judgment the tima has arrived -when
we should definitely make up our minds to rec
ognize the Indian as an individual and not as
a member of a tribe. The general allotment
act Is a mighty pulverizing engine to break up
the tribal mass. It acts directly upon the fam
ily and the individual. Under its provisions
some 60.CG0 Indians have already become citi
zens of the United States. "We should notr
break up the tribal funds, doing for them whnt
allotment does for the tribal lands; that U\
tffcy should be divided Into Individual holdlngrf-
There win be a transition period during whic*>
the funds will in many cases have to be held
In trust. This Is the case also with the lands.
A stop should be put upon the indiscriminate
permission to Indians to lease their allotments.
The effort ishould be steadily to make the In
dian work like any other man on - his own
jrround. The marriage laws oS the Indiana
should be made the same as those of the
whites.
In the schools the education should be ele
mentary and largoly industrial. The need of
higher education among the Indians Is very,
very limited. On the reservations care should
be taken to try to suit the teaching to the
needs of the particular Indian. There Is no
use In attempting to Induce agriculture In a
country suited only for cattle raising, where
the Indian should be made a stock grower.
The ration system, which is merely the corral
and the reservation system. Is highly detrimen
tal to the Indians. It promotes beggary, per
petuates pauperism and stifles industry. It Is
an effectual barrier to progress. It must, con
tinue to a greater or less degree as long as
tribes are herded on reservations and" have
everything In common. The Indian should be
treated as an Individual— like the white man.
During the change of treatment Inevitable
hardships will occur: every effort should be
made to minimize these hardships; but we
should not because of them hesitate to make
the change. There should be a continuous re
duction In the number of agencies.
In dealing with the aboriginal races few
things are more important than to preserve
them from the terrible physical and moral
degradation resulting f«om the liquor traffic.
We are doing all we can to save our own In
dian tribes from this evil. Wherever by Inter
national agreement this same end can be at
tained as regards races where we do not pos
sess exclusive control every effort should be.
made to bring It about.
EXPOSITIONS
ARE FAVORED
Congress Is Ashed to 'Aid
Great Enterprises That
Help to Display the Won-
derful and Growing,Re
sources of the Union.
■v ■ -j-
I bespeak the most cordial support from the
Congress and the people for the St. Louis Ex
position to commemorate the one hundredth
anniversary of the Louisiana purchase. This
purchase was the greatest instance of expan
sion in our history. It definitely decided that
we were to become a great continental repub
lic, by far the foremost power In the Western
Hemisphere. It is one of three or four, great
landmarks In our history— the great turning
points in our development. It is eminently fit
ting that all our people should Join "with
heartiest good will In commemorating It. and
the citizens of St. Louis, of Missouri, of all
the adjacent region are entitled to every aid
in making ttte celebration a noteworthy event
In our annals. We earnestly hope that foreign
nations will appreciate the deep interest our
country takes in this exposition and our view
of its importance from every standpoint, and
that they will participate in securing its suc
cess. The national Government should be rep
resented by a full and complete set of exhibits.
The people of Charleston, with great energy
and civic spirit, are carrying on an exposition
which will continue throughout most of tha
present session of the Congress. I heartily
commend this exposition to the good will of
the people. It deserves all the encouragement
that can be given It. The managers of' tho
Charleston Exposition' have feq*uested the-
Cabinet officers to-' place therear the Govern
ment exhibits which have been at Buffalo,
promising to pay the necessary expenses. I
have taken the responsibility of directing that
this be done, for I feel that It is due to
Charleston to help her In her praiseworthy ef
fort. In my opinion the management shoull
not be required to pay all the expenses. I
earnestly recommend that the Congress appro
priate at once the small sum necessary for tola
purpose.
The Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo lias
Just closed. Both from the industrial and the
artistic standpoint this exposition has been lit
a high degree creditable and useful, not mere
ly to Buffalo, but to the United States., Tho
terrible tragedy of the President's assassina
tion interefered materially with its being a
financial success. The exposition was pecu
liarly In harmony with the trend of our pub
lic policy, because . it represented an effort to
bring Into closer touch all the peoples of the
Western Hemisphere, and give them an In
creasing sense of unity. Such an effort was
a genuine service to the entire American pub
lic.
The advancement of
-♦ ♦- the highest Interests '.f
S national science and
Mn«enma and learning and the cus
llbrarles are tody of objects of art
considered a and of the valuable re
prrcat public suits of scientific exr«
neceaslty. f dltlons conducted bv
| the United States have
- 1 ' + been committed to the
Smithsonian Institu
tion. In furtherance of its declared purpose—
for the "Increase and diffusion of knowledge
Continued on Page Nine.
56
WEDNESDAY.. ..V. ....%... DECEMBER.^ ig"
. JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
UiTtu All CosBiininUeni to W. B. LEAKE. Mmijw.
M.VXAGER'S OFFICE... .....Telephone Preu 204
PUBLICATION OF % FfCE...Marlcet and Tliird, S. F.
Telephone PreM SOI. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 S<«Ten»on St.
Telephone Preu 202. <•
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Single Cople«. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mail, Including Postaffet
DAILY CALL..<taclaain* Sunday), one year. $».W
DAILY CALL <lndudins Sunday).' C months «.00
DAILT CALL (Including; Sunday), S months 1-60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5o
EUTCDAY CALL, On. Year !•»
WBEKLY CALL. One Year •*• *•<••
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
■abseriptlonB.
- e«mp!e ecpies -will be forwarded when reauested.
Metl eubscriber* in ordering change of address should be
particular to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
10 1e sure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE! KROGVESS.
Xutger reniga Aflvertiiinp, Htrqnett* Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABXTOX. ................. .Herald Square
NE*W YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHE.V B. S3IITH .30 Tribune Bulldlnar
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetorla Hotel: A. Brent a no. SI Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel. -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. •
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., K. W.
JUORTOX 13. CRANK, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — EI7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:50 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:39 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
■ :£> o'clock. 1941 Miwlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
2200 Flllraore. open until 9 p. m.
AMTJSEELENTS.
Tivcll— "The Geisha."
Central— "The Streets of New York."
Alcazar— "An Enemy to the King."
Columbia— "The Girl From Maxim's."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-nrJuee— "Carmen."
California— "A Stranger in a Strange Land. "
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. ...
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
FOUND AT LAST.
EVER since the collapse of Bryanism and
free silver the Democratic organs and lead
ers have been searching for a new is
sue and a new man. The search has been
conducted with varying degrees of sagacity and
folly, but without avail. The wise men have been
no more successful than the fools. Now at last there
comes from the Hearst papers a sudden shout that
an issue has been found. No more free silver, no
more Bryan, no anti-government-by-injunction, no
more cry of anti-imperialism. The new issue is to be
the whole thing. "Let Democracy," said the Exam
iner of yesterday, "forget its quarrels over dead Js-.
sues, close its ranks and move forward to a victory
all the more welcome for being so long desired."
• Strangely enough, the new issue has been furnished
by the Supreme Court. It was but a little while ago
the Bryanites were denouncing the Supreme Court
as an agejicy of plutocratic control and an enemy of
liberty. The acceptance, therefore, of a Supreme
Court decision as an illumination and an electric
thrill by the Bryanites is really a novelty. The party
was dying amid its dead issues, but now it is alive,
and lo! it was the Supreme Court that did the en
livening. Here is new politics indeed.
The explanation of the paradox of a Bryanite*bel
lowing for the Supreme Court is simple. The court
has decided that until Congress provide otherwise
the Philippines are to have full freedom of trade with
the United States. They can ship to our markets
their fruit, rice, hemp, sugar and other products with
out paying customs duties. The American producer
will have to compete with that cheap labor and find
no protection. Over that situation the Examiner
gloats. It says: "We have free trade with the Phil
ippines. All we have to do is to keep it."
Warming with enthusiasm the Bryanite organ urges
Democrats in Congress to resist any attempt at tariff
legislation for the Philippines. It cries in big type:
'The court's decision has given Democracy the op
portunity of its life."
Many a fool dog has barked. up the wrong tree, so
the Examiner is not without a predecessor to serve as
i model for its uproar over the new issue. About the
rime the Southern Bryanites get a fair kick at the new
jolicy, -however, it will be sent clean out of camp.
The Democrats of South Carolina, Georgia and Louis
ana are not eager for free trade with countries
vhere rice, sugar, tropic fruits, hemp and other ar
acles of Southern production can be produced
:heaper than the South can produce them. It is true
he Southern Democrats for many a year have been
tlamorous for free trade, but with them it meant
nainly free trade in manufactured goods. It no
onger means so much as that, for the South has
>egun manufacturing. The fate of the Wilson tariff
>ill shows what Southern Democrats think of free
rade in these days. They_ have -had- the experiment
mce, and they are not going to try it again in a
lurry. >;i".- y
In addition to the Southern vote there is the labor
•ote to be taken into consideration. How will the
rorkingmen-of California enthuse - in support of a
trogrammejthat will expose them to the competi
ion of the cheap and pauperized labor of the Philip
tines? With, what success will the Bryanites attempt
o rally the iworkingmen in support of a platform
ailing for "free trade and cheap labor"?
The Hearst paper may for a time cackle and crow
«ver the new issue, but by and by it will cease to be
: novelty, and then there will be another call to the
«arty to leave dead issues and^o forward to some
hing new. The Supreme Court decision seems to
ave galvanized Democracy into a sudden spasm,' but
.: cannot save the donkey. • *\ .
Australia is young yet as a united nation, but she
as already undertaken the work of imperialism by
ssuming the,- government of . New Guinea.; The
aing seems ,to be- catching and affects infant nations
s well as grown ones.
The Hague Court, of International Arbitration is
oing nothing for itself, but the Boer envoys in
'.urope are .keeping it. before the public eye by
unching it every now and then and making 'it get
o and explain*
THERE is no pageantry atfout the opening ; of Congress, except as philosophy
may see pomp in simplicity.- The London' Lord 'Mayor's show is a tinseled spec
tacle,, and the opening of foreign Parliaments is a bravely bannered function, but
an American Congress comes from the people to its' first assembly with no other
display than the friendly greeting between members, just as neighbors hail each other on
town market days. When the greetings even suspend the legal formalities with which the
business begins, and the drawing for seats resembles more the counting off by. t a lot of
schoolboys than anything else, the citizen looking on from the gallery would feel no sur
prise if this proceeding were conducted by the Speaker counting off by rigmarole "onery
on-ickeny-and," the lucky one being "It" for first choice of seats.;."
The appearance of the President's message, like all the rest, is a simple affair. This
was first called ."The President's Speech," and Washington attended the first Congress in
person and made his speech. Of course this was in analogy of the King's speech vto his
Parliament. This method was soon abandoned and the President's message came, to be'
written out in long hand, to be read to each house separately. President Roosevelt has
madean. innovation by 'delivering it in print. .
The interest in this last message has been heightened by the circumstances en
meshing the President. ' Of strong personality trained^in executive functions, a writer
more copious than any other public man in our. history, he is on record in his histories,
biographies, narratives and essays. He has written upon nearly every major public ques
tion, but let no man think that he will change any positive expression of opinion without
adequate reason, or without stating that reason in justification of his attitude.' Nor, let
any man expect any pointed dissent from that reason by any of his thoughtful country
men, who are the final cause of that public opinion which rules the republic. ."
His first message has the merit of being interesting reading. There is not a par
tisan expression in it, but it discusses the public welfare "' and the state of the Union from
the standpoint of a clear-headed, self-centered American, called to supreme responsibility
and not afraid of himself nor of his countrymen. His review of the life of his predecessor
is so planned as to be a eulogy and an essay on economics, and is already a classic in
the catalogue of official threnodies. , . .
His recommendations in restraint of anarchy have the merit of moderation and
effectiveness, and are respectful of the lawful rights of all men. His discussion of the
combinations of capital is in line with his Minneapolis speech. To show that he has no
sympathy with the reckless rooters on this subject, he points out this great truth which
is unchangeable: "In accordance with a well-known sociological law the ignorant or reck
less agitator has been really the effective friend of the evils which he has been nominally
opposing. The men who demand the impossible or the undesirable serve as the allies
of the forces with which they are nominally at war, for they hamper those who would
endeavor to find out in rational fashion what the wrongs really are and to what extent
and in what manner it is practical to apply remedies."
He would restrain overcapitalization and compel publicity of corporations, because
by investing in the stocks of their combinations the public furnishes the capital upon
which they do business. This system being already in operation in the public oversight
of national banks, its application to all combinations engaged in interstate trade is easy
and natural. * .
The recommendation of a new Cabinet officer, to be Secretary of Commerce and
Industries, is in line with public expectation, and if Congress do not immediately provide
for it, it should incubate such a department by creating it as a bureau, following the ex
ample set in the evolution of the Interior and the Agricultural ' departments from such
bureaus. He strikes the popular chord in recommending such change in our immigra
tion as willshut out about two-thirds of our present foreign immigration. We are re
ceiving the indigence and disease of Europe. Let our laws admit only prosperity and
health.
The reform in banking to accommodate the, needs of the country by enabling an
emergency currency is recommended on the lines often stated in The Call.
The President is at Jiome in discussing the Western problems of irrigation and
forest preservation. His observation of detail is shown In his statement of the effects of
over-grazing on the public domain, even down to noting the especial destruction
wrought by sheep in a dry country. . ,, - -u^ . ;
In insular matters he reflects a popular hope rather than' a physical possibility in
looking forward to the population of Hawaii by American homesteaders and prosperity
following the exclusion of coolie labor. Our attitude toward the Filipinos is declared to
be pedagogic, leading them up the strong path to self-government, but whether as citi-
zens of American States or not is not specified.
Civil service is bluntly and unequivocally favored, and in our island possessions is
regarded as imperative, no discrimination to be permitted on account of party affilia
tions. Extension of the classified-service is foreshadowed, and '•■ the country; may expect
that the field uncovered by President McKinley will soon be included again, even be
yond the frontier to which Mr. Cleveland aimed.
These are the principal points in a message that never loses its outspoken frank
ness and its breezy tone. There is in it an indescribable , zest and an infusion of the youth,
optimism and the experience of its author, which gives it a place by itself in the line of
Presidential messages. It will be read through by more people than ever before read an
entire message. It holds out hope and support for Ihose who would recreate our mer
chant marine, for the protected interests struggling into strength, for l.abor looking for
security of its foothold, for commerce measuring itself with the world, andfor manhood
that stands upon its own feet and turns its forehead to the stars.
NO NEED FOR A FIGHT.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has virtually taken
charge of the movement to bring about the re
enactment of the Chinese exclusion law so
amended as to make it better and more effective.
Our information from Washington further assures
us that the President has the support of an over
whelming majority in Congress. The passage of an
amended and improved act of exclusion is therefore
certain.
In his message the President says: "Not only
must our labor be protected by a tariff, but it should
also be protected as far as it is possible from the pres
ence in this country of any laborers brought over by
contract, or any of those who coming freely yet repre
sent a standard of living so depressed that they can
undersell our men in the labor market and drag them
to a lower level: I regard it as necessary, with this
end in view, to re-enact immediately the law exclud
ing Chinese laborers and to strengthen it wherever
necessary in order to make its enforcement entirely
effective."
Our dispatches from Washington announce that
&o far as the poll of Congressmen on the subject has
been carried only one man has been found. opposed
to the'exclusion act. The matter has been placed in
charge of Mr. Powderly, Commissioner of Immi
gration, and he is now in consultation with the Cali
fornia delegation and others for the purpose of de
v'ising an act which will be thoroughly satisfactory
in every respect.
This news will be gratifying to nearly everybody in-
California, and especially will it be gratifying to the
gentlemen who at. a meeting last evening were ap
pointed, a committee to collect, money to make the
fight and to send a delegation to Washington to look
after the contest there. That committee will not
have to go to the trouble of passing the hat. No
money is needed, no committee is needed. The bat
tle has been won and the fight is ended.
The only class of people who will regret the sud
den ending of the excitement on the subject will be
the politicians who hoped to make political capital
out of it and to pose before the public as defenders
of labor. The saddest of all will be the committee
that expectedto be sent. to Washington at the ex
pense of a popular subscription.- Their dream .of ■ a ;
THE SAN FBA^CISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901;
THE MESSAGE.
junket is over. All that is left them is their commis
sion signed by Governor Gage. That can be handed
down to their posterity as evidence of a greatness that
"might have been." .The California delegation in
Congress can look after the interests of, the • State
without the help of any such committee, and the peo
ple who would have been induced to contribute to
defraying the cost of the committee can keep the
money for Christmas gifts. Despite- the disappoint
ment of the committee and the politicians the issue is
one for general congratulation. All's well that ends
well.
By the way in which the New York papers' re
ported the speeches at the banquet given to Joseph
H. Choate, we can estimate the extent to which some
former great men- have faded.' Choate's speech of
course received the largest space, next came that of
Carnegie, Mark Twain was third in honors, Tom
Reed who preceded him was given three lines, and
then the 1 reports concluded: "Senator Depew, Wil
liam B. Homblower and" Judge Howland followed
Mark Twain." Giving Tom Reed so small a space is
bad enough, but to cut Depew .down to a bare.men
tion is a clear case of cruelty. f
According to a theory now being discussed , in
scientific circles the ice cap upon the south pole has
been accumulating for about 25,000 years, now con
tains 50,000,000 cubic miles of ice, and cannot hold to
gether much longer; so we may expect it to .col
lapse and; start' a revolution in the Southern Hemi
sphere that will break the record. j r
The Thanksgiving banquet served for the Clover
Club in Philadelphia included in the menu: Codfish
clover, Philadelphia pepper pot, .pork and beans, tur
key, cherry punch,, quail and pumpkin pie. It is An
nounced that they also drank something, v Surely such
a combination would never pass; muster outside^ of
Pennsylvania.' -..
It sounds almost like a report of the revival of a
mummy to learn from the New -York papers that'at
the recentVhorse show; E; Berry Wall was conspicuous
for the style of his dress 1 . "The^ country has been im
derthe impression that the once famous" King of the
Dudes'! had repented or died years ago. v
FRUIT-GROWERS DISCUSS TOPICS
OF MOMENT TO THE PACIFIC COAST
ALL sections of the State were rep
resented at the California State
Fruit Growers' Convention, which
convened yesterday at Pioneer
Hall under 'the auspices of the
State Board of Horticulture. Morning
and afternoon sessions will be held dally
until Friday afternoon, when the conven
tion will adjourn. A special evening ses
sion will be held on Thursday night.
Ranged around the large hall were
magnificent specimens of citrus and dried
fruits. These came from all parts of the
State and each one bore the name of the
exhibitor. . They were carefully examined
and their various qualities freely com
mented upon and discussed.
Elwood Cooper of Santa Barbara, chair
man of the State Fruit Growers* Conven
tion, called the meeting to order. Rev.
J C Adams said a short prayer. Profes
sor E. J; Wickson of the State Univer
sity was elected vice chairman.
Mayor James D. Phelan was introduced
to deliver the address of welcome. Ho
referred to the fact that while San Fran
cisco could not boast, of her horticultural
development, still each year an. immense
quantity of fruit is handled here. Con
tinuing, the Mayor said;
There ought to be a great market for Cali
fornia tfru its in Europe. A short time ago
I had to pay a franc ana a hair for a peach
In a hotel in Paris. There ought to be a gold
mine for qallfornla growers who ship their
fruits to Europe.
Competes in Markets of Spain.
Mayor Phelan read from consular re
ports showing that California fruit was
competing in the markets of Valencia,
Spain, with fruit grown in the immediate
vicinity of that city. He.. .thought the
construction of the Nicaragua canal
would be of Immense benefit to the State
and would materially aid' the fruit indus
try. The Mayor was given a rising vote
of thanks when he concluded.
President Ellwood Cooper read his an
nual address, saying in part: i
Greater prosperity exists than has existed
for many years. Deciduous fruits and oranges
have sold well. Lemons were depressed through
excessive importation. Prunes and raialns have
not been well marketed. The question of mar
keting fruit is the most important befora the
fruit rrowers. .
The expense of removing: pests, is very great,
and is likely to be a perpetual tax on the in
dustry. If, however, we combat noxious in
sects by their natural enemies we may find a
good and cheap solution of tnis great . problem.
The pure food laws ought to be strictly en
forced.-These laws should be revised and a
mode devised for sampling foods, detecting vio
lation of the law. and punishing offenders. ;
; I recommend that we pass a, resolution to be
sent to CongrefS declaring that we. oppose any
reduction, by reciprocity or otherwise, in • the
tariff on fruits and fruit- products, and that
we favor an lnteroceanlc canal. -We should
endpavcr to procure an appropriation of $10, OW
for the investigation of parasites and fruit
pests:: . . ■
, A. H.' Naftzger. B.. N. Rowley, E. J.
Wickson, H. P. Stabler and \V. J. Hotch
klss were appointed a committee to con
sider the recommendations of the presi
dent. •
William H. Mills, who was to deliver
an address • on his impressions of the
Pan-American Exposition, was absent.
The report of the'"' California Fruit
Growers' Association was read by Pro
fessor ■ Wickson, owing to the inability -of
H.-E. Weinstock, the president, the at
tend. ■■It' dealt with matters of transpor
tation and the extent of the various crops
and concluded with the. folio wing sum
mary: ■ ' . , ' . »■/ ; ./. -
' On the whole, this baa been one of the most
favorable years in the history of the Califor
nia fruit Industry. The results cannot but
have added very much to the value of Califor
nia fruit lands and to have Inspired the fruit
growew with renewed courage and hope in the
future.
With the growing experience and higher
judgment that is belnsr exercised on the part of
the grower in the planting, cultivating, har
vesting, packing- and the marketing of his
crop, the outlook was never brighter for thi
future of the California green fruit industry.
Papers relating to the distribution,
transportation, marketing, of fruits and
fruit products consumed the greater por
tion of the afternoon session,
"Distribution of Fruits" was the sub
ject of an address read by A. H. Naftz
ger of Los Angeles, president and gen
eral manager of the Southern California
Citrus Fruit Association. He said that
the average cost to the grower who ship
pod fruit through that association. In
cluding, all charges, did not exceed 3 per
cent from th# time the fruit was placed
on the , cars. This included a monthly
payroll to employes of the association of
57000. He urged growers of other fruits
to combine in the same way.
"The Deciduous Fruit Outlook In the
San Joaquin Valley" was the subject dis
cussed in a paper presented by I. H.
Thomas and read by E. J. Wickson.
Vi\ H. Aiken, who lives in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, gave an interesting his
tory of the prune and methods of culture
in his paper, "The Outlook for the Prune
Industry."
Future Trade Possibilities.
Isador Jacobs read a well considered pa
per on "Future Trade Possibilities in
Canned and Dried Fruits." He showed
the necessity of maintaining a high stand
ard in all goods shipped to Eastern and
foreign markets.
In the discussion which followed E. Ber
wick provided a small sensation by at
tacking the San Francisco commission
merchants. He said some years ago they
charged 8 per cent for handling fruit, and
this year arbitrarily raised their commis
sion to 10 per cent. He asked that the
convention condemn this action. A long
discussion followed. Most of the mem
bers were opposed to such radical action,
and a compromise was effected by • the
appointment of a committee of three to
investigate the conditions governing itie
commission market in San Francisco and
report 'jack to the convention. The chair
named A. R. Sprague of Sacramento, F.
N. Righter of Campbells and Chauncey
iSaines 6t Fresno.
The resort of the committee on fruit
packages, recommending a (standard size
for 25 and 50 "pound boxes, was read by
Profes3or Wickson and adopted.
Favor Nicaragua^ Canal.
E. Berwick read the report of the com
mittee on foreign consular advices and
detailed the work so far accomplished by
E. F. Adams and Eugene Goodwin of the
Pacific Commercial Museum,. who had the
matter in charge.
The. committee on Nicaragua canal of
fered the following resolution, which was
unanimously adopted :
Resolved, That this State Convention- of
Fruit Growers of California in session in San
S*rancls=o. Cal., on the 3d day of December
1901, imi»rea3ed by the utter inability of the
transcontinental railroads to handle the enor
mous and rapidly increasing: traffic -between
East and West, urge on the Senators and Rep
reactttatlves in Congress assembled tha press
ing need of adopting the recommendations of
the Isthmian Canal Commission and Uking lm-
MEN PROMINENT IN PRO
CEEDINGS OF THE FRUIT
GROWERS* CONVENTION.
mediate steps for the construction of the Nlc
arazua canal.
The convention will meet this morning
at 9:30 o'clock and will be addressed by
Mr. Goodwin on the work of the Pacific
Commercial Museum. Other addresses
will be delivered by T. N. Woods, A. K.
Sprague and W. J. Hotchkiss. ' '.* i
MENACE OF ITEAK. BLIGHT.
Horticultural Commissioners and
• Fruit Men Discuss Measures
for Its Extermination.
"Pear Blight" was the subject discussed
at the meeting of the State Board of Hor
ticultural Commissioners held last night
at Pioneer Hall. 11. "W". Motherall of
Kings County acted as chairman and
George H. Cutter of Sacramento as tem
porary secretary.. Chairman Motherall
opened the discussion by relating hia ex
perience with the parasite that has been
devastating the pear trees. The particu
lar parasite is said to be one of vegetable
origin, which produces a sweet-tasting
excretion very much fancied by bees and
carried by them Into the opening blossoms
of the pear tree. He told of the efforts of
the orchardists to stamp out the pests and
the means that had been adopted t« ex
terminate the bees, which are In thi3 in
stance regarded as trespassers upon the
orchards. He said the beekeepers had been
notified to keep their bees at home, and
that if they did not they would find their
honey crop very short.
In the discussion which followed A. D.
Pryal of Alameda County, I. N. Clark of
Lompoc, Professor C. "W". "Woodworta of
the department of entomology of the Uni
versity of California and members of the
fruit-growers' convention who were pres
ent by invitation participated. The whole
field cf fruit pests was considered during
the discussion.
• C. M. Heintz, editor of the Rural Cali
fornlan of Los Angeles, brought up the
question of spraying? citrus fruit trees
with distillates, claiming that it worked
Injury to the fruit and the trees and that
whole orchards were frequently killed by
the use of this Insecticide.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townasnd's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont.
gornery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
' The value of all Kansas products for
1900, including animals slaughtered, la
placed at $157,796,406.
. — « ♦ ■
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort in the world, offers bpst living; climate,
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuse-
, mtnt«. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, CaJ.A3aTTSEME.">fTS.
! . GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
i-ast three performances of graxd
opi:ra,
Under tho direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
l
TO-NIGHT, st K. farewell performance of
Mme. CaJve. "CARMEN." Calve and Suzanne
Adai-np; Salignac, Declery and Scotti. Conduc-
tor, F'.on.
To-morrow Aft., at 1:45. farewell matinee,
"TANXHAUSER." Gadski and Reuss-Belce;
Dipoel, Blass and Bispham. Conductor, Uam-
rosch.
To-morrow KVg. at 7:45, farev.ell night and
!ast Jcint.appearance of Mme. Eames and
Mrr.e. Se#brlch ' In Mozart's opera. "LE
NOZ2E DI FIGARO" (The Marriage of
Figaro). Eames. Fritzl ScfcelT and Sembrlch-
Oampanari and Ed de RescUo. Conductor.
SpppilH.
rTices. ts. S3. $4 and IS.
WEBER^ PI ANOS UgED. '- r '. 1
Grand Opening; of the Stock Star Season,
FRTOAY EVENING. DEC. «. ■
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Limited Staxrinar Ensagement of
f MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress.
In the Orlclnal Version cf the Famous Play,
The Crust of Society
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
GRAND 0PERA4I0USE. sK£!*tl
FRIDAY AFTERNOONS. Dec. IS and Jan. 10
jand 17. at S:15 Sham.
THREE SYMPHONY CONCERTS ;
Under the Auspices of the
Sao Francisco Symphony Society.
PAUL STBINDORFF, Director.
GICXJLO MDfETTI. Concertraeister.
Orchestra" of Fifty-Five Musicians.
Subscription Price for the Series, $3 50. $2 23.
SI 73 and 11 25.
Bale now progressing: at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'b. Closes Saturday, December 7, at 5 p. m.
Seats for Single Concerts, $1 50, $1, 75c and
50c. Sale begins next Tuesday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). De?. 4.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: balcony. 10c; d-il-
dreo, any part except reserved, 10c
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, the Onllaw Trio.
1a Tortajada, Andy Lewis and
Company, !Mlle. Taglione, Gole-
nan's Trained Dogs and Cats,
Kaufrnann Troupe, and the Bio-
graph.
BEiASCQABoTHAUSjfori^
«l "^ MBQTCflTMAU ..-..■
TO-NIGKT-ALL THIS WEEK.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Dion IJoucicault's Great American Drama, The
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Big Scenic Production of tlio Tear.
►• See the Great Fire Scene.
Btartlir.s E2fect»— ExciUng Climaxes.
nntrCC Evening* 10c to SOc
r&iwES MaUnees 10c. -15c; So
Next "WeeK— "THE ELECTRICIAN."
EVEXINGS AT 8 SHARPl
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
Last Nights of
"THE GEISHA.'*
TtrarsOaT Kigbt and Rest of Week,
"A GAIBTY GIRL."
XCOXTOAT. December 9— Ls*t Week.
— "IN TO"WKr."
POPULAR PRICES 20c, SOc and 75c
Telephone Bosh 9.
TO«NIOHT ONE week.
1 vF-nHlll 1 • Matinee Saturday.
X. Brafly as! Joseph OrJ«nner'« N. T.
ynTT>*ftfffln Tneater Success,
f A STRANGER in a
STRANGE LAND.
Tlwr Brightest Comedy Seen In Tears.
SEATS READY.
JCT3CT— Scnday, the young; romantlo actor,
S. MILLER KENT,
Presenting Nat C. Goodwin's Great Success,
"IDE COWBOY AND THE LADY"
By Clyde Fitch.
Complete New Tork Knickerbocker Theater
Production. v
SEATS ON SALE TO-MORROW.
|#%J|.|£gfBi5|#l LEA0IS8 THEATEC
Every Night This Week— Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FAMOUS FTTNNT FARCE.
THE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S.
The Sauciest Girl that ever Winked Across
the Footlights.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian.
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty
"A ROYAL ROGUE."
■*£* SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
CHUTES AND_Z00 1 Sf I J SgT
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
NEW MOVING PICTURES,
Including a Picture of the IU-fated SAN
RAFAEL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
And a LADIES' BRICKLAYING CONTEST.
TeleDhone for Seats. Park 21
17TCr i 'U'T7I3»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOtnUu O Admission lOc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
the Four L^rners; Blanche Reynolds; Ben Lu-
cier; L»unn!n» and Grimm: Oro, Uernard and
Oro. end Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seati
26c. Metinee Sunday. •
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
« « tail etores, clubs, ■ railroad and
>• I S newspaper oGlces. banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city — depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance. •
American £nd European plans.
BISHOP AND HIS BRIDE
LEAVE FOR THE ORIENT
Steamship Doric Sails for and Nippon Maru
Arrives From Eastern Waters.
pT-j^HE Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Nippon
II Maru arrived from, and the Oc-
I cidental arid Oriental Company's
1L Doric sailed for the Orient yester-
day. Bishop Partridge and his
bride sailed for the Orient on the Doric.
A crowd of church people was down to see
them off and rice and old slippers wero
showered after the vessel as she pulled
awav from the wharf. The strains of
the hymn, "God Be With You Till We
Meet Again," sung by a choir of young
people, followed the newly wedded couple
as the Doric headed down the stream.
The cabin passengers who went away
on th'e Doric are :
For Yokohama— Emile Adet. J. Brett, Mrs. J.
Brett, Miss J. N. Crosby, Miss C. D. Looml».
C. J. Helm. R. Hiraoka, G. Mltsukurl, Kev.
S. C. Partriajte, Mrs. S. C. Partridge and C.
W. Cre.
Nagasaki— P. C. Cooper.
Shanghai— Miss Anna Haaland, MUs H.
Johnson and Miss II. Hodberg.
Hongkong— Miss May Brown, C. F. Davis, C.
P. Fox. Robert Marston, Mrs. Robert Marston,
E. S. Meserve. Miss A. E. Nelson. H. G.
Oppmann, Miss L. Pierson, E. J. Turnbull, G.
It. Turnbull. Mrs. G. R. Turnbull, Miss C. L.
Turnbull. \V. G. Winterburn and H. C. Wyse.
The Nippon Maru did not bring a great
crowd of passengers. She was nearly
twenty-nine days making the run from
Yokohama, but was only five days, twen
ty-two hours and a few minutes coming
from Honolulu. She brought up fifty
cabin and eleven second cabin, besides
seventy-eight Chinese passengers. Those
who came up in the cabin were:
Rev. J. M. Alexander and wife. Miss Alex
ander, Miss Bacon, J. Becker, Georee S.
Beebe, "Captain F. W. Bunner, F. H. Callun
dan, A. Carpenter, . J. K. Carpenter, George
F. Detrick and wife and two children. Mrs. L.
Evans, J. M. Frazer, G. Harasaki, Dr. F. R.'
Harkinson, J. Ikeda. S. Isaacs and wife. T.
IveakoBhi, S. Jacobs, Mrs. E. H. Jones, Miss
E. A. Jones, Mifs Grace R. Jones, Miss Mabel
M. Jones, F. H. Klngman and wife, Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun, M. Kirkwood and wife, R. Kltajuna,
K. Kume. K. Narita. Dr. Kurt Pf und, F. . M.
Ranes and wife. Miss Thomas, W. Schwartz,
T. Shimizu, A. Simon, Miss Ruth Strong, Mrs.
J. L. Taylor and Miss Manning. ■
The Nippon Maru did not reach her
dock until after 2 p. m. In the meantime
Dr. Kinyoun was taken off in the quar
antine launch and landed on Angel Isl
and, while the remainder of the passen
gers had to wait. It Is said the doctor has
been studying the plague bacillus in the
Orient and returns to make a report- to
Uncle Sam on his researches. The officers
of the vessel assert that Dr. Kinyoun has
now changed his mind and is confident
that San Francisco never had any plague.
M, Kirkwood is the advisory a^ent of
the Japanese Government, and may reach
Cuba, so he says. The chances are, how
ever, that he comes to aid in negotiating
a loan for Japan. He will spend some
weeks in Gotham. Mr. Kirkwood has
been stationed at Tokio for many years
and has learned. the art of Oriental secre
tlveness. <r;i ;
The Rev. Mr. Alexander has been a mis
sionary in India for more than a genera
tion. He and his wife and daughter will
spend the winter In California.
F. H. Callundan has been United States
postmaster at Hollo, P. I., and comes home
for a vacation. Those who knew Fred
in the internal revenue office some years
ago will give him a hearty welcome home.
K. Kume is the secretary of the Bureau
of Communication at Toklo. and he and
Mr. Kirkwood will go East together.
Y. Iwakoshl comes here to become an
attache of the Japanese Consulate, and
A. Carpenter Is a mining man from Su
matra. The latter was In the Rio wreck
and was one of the men picked up on a.
part of the deck-house that was drifting
out to sea.
Henry Benges Praised.
The board of trustees of the Merchants*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap \ soap^ v
purifies / saves "
clothes \ about
without I half of
boiling C wash-
thej^. day.
This g This
soap S soap
saves j having
s about ] naptha
half \ cleanses
the / things
work. J quickly.
Fete & Co., Phllada.
Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.). San Francisco. '
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY (or MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, gsf jT^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner r^Q.3 vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are X^mmrsi immediate, im-
part vigor and pote ccffrs ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
|2 50 by mail. A -written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis it.,
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third fit.
AMUSEMENTS. "[[,
PffS^ yPS ff\. T* C3^ 19" r i**& ftb
BELAECO & THALL Managers
ALL THIS WEEK.
| AN ENEMY TO THE KINfir
ROBT. STEPHENS' Successful Romantlo
Drama. ■
First Time at Popular Prices.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Superb Costumes! Brilliant Production!
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
SEATS ON SALE 6 DAYS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— 15c, 23c, SOc, 50c and 75c.
NEXT — — "CHRISTOPHER JR."
RACING
.'!j2< ""i **H" • Cvery Week Day— :
'Or Rain op Shine.
> EW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Rccpb start at 2:15 V. m. sharp.
Terry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:20. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tba
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
iudies and their escorts: no smoklcg. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Droadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol« con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Fcur-
:eenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
tars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Iteturnlcr— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
<•«; p. rn. tnd Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JK.. President.
CUAS. V. PltlCE. Secy, and Mgr. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO J CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901.
Exchange Association held a yes
terday and -passed a resolution praising
Henry Benges, the assistant marine re
porter at Meiggs wharf, for his courage
and prompt attention to duty when the
San Rafael went down last Saturday
night. Benges went out alone in the fog,
got all the news possible about the dis
aster and at once notified the newspapers
and all the people Interested. Henry has
been on the front since childhood and
knows the bay as well as the city native
son knows Market street.
FROM SOUTH AMERICAN PORTS.
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
h'3 ; Chili -Is Here.'.' ,
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Chili arrived from South and Cen
tral American ports yesterday. She made
a good run from Mazatlan and would have
docked about 4 p. m. had not the quaran
tine officer detained her. Her cabin pas
sengers were:.
P. H. Schjolbers, Dr. Max Uhle, Hardy Gil
lard, G. \V. Nearney, Colonel R. Lodor ana
wife, Mrs. Dickinson and daughter, Miss J.
Armer. E. Cooney, Mrs. Banning. Miss L.
Banning, Mr. Bohem, R. A. Grlgsby, J. M.
Retes, Mrs. R. de Retes, Miss C. Retes, F. E.
Mosley and E. H. "VVHklns.
"Water Front Notes.
The ship Santa Clara, which arrived
from Uyak Bay, had a narrow escape
from Duxbury Reef Saturday. She was
almost on top of it, when the fog lifted
and the captain had just time to sheer
off. . s--,:
The reinsurance gamblers are now won
dering whether or not they will get their
money on the Roanoke. The vessel was
bound here, but put. into Honolulu in dis
tress, and the chances are she will be con
demned there. "In that event she will be
classed as lost, and not having made her
port of destination the gamblers will lose.
The four-masted schooner William F.
Garms was successfully launched at Ev
erett, Wash., a week ago. She is named
after the vice president of the Milwau
kee brewery and- was christened by Miss
Austin of, Everett. A champagne lunch,
at which Mr. Garms was me guest of
honor, followed the launching.
The Acapulco will be due from Panama
and way ports to-morrow, but the heavy
weather along the coast may make her a
day late in getting here.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Mlltiades is chartered for
wheat to Europe, prior to arrival; the British
ship "Wiscombe Park, same at 32s 6d; the Brit
ish bark Fernbank, same, 37s 6d.
The French bark Eugene Fautree will load
wheat at Portland for Europe.
The schooner E. B. Jackson will load lum
ber at Grays Harbor for Sydney, 39s 9d; the
barkentine Tropic Bird, merchandise for Tahiti.
Shipments of Grain.
The ship A. G. Ropes was cleared yesterday
for Oueenstown for orders . with 76,662 ctls
wheat, valued at $78,580, and 33,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $523.
The British ship Rajore was also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 16,
443 ctls wheat valued at $16,500, 54.999 ctls bar
ley valued at $46,800 and 20,000 ft lumber aa
dunnage valued at $300.
The French bark Anne de BretaBrne, which
cleared for the same voyajre, carried 9021 ctls
wheat valued at $9360, 53,348 ctls barley valued
at $49,685 and 22,000 ft lumber dunnage valued
at J320.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Fteamer Doric sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$363.£36, manifested and destined as fallows:
For China. $209,677; Japan. $125,588; . Manila,
$22,360;' Kast Indies, $3740: Corea. $325; Siam.
$37S; Vladivostok, $1568. The following were
the principal shipments:.
* To; •China-^lfi,760 bbls flour, 225 csks bottled
Deer,-'7a47 Iba cheese, 1 cs brandy, 1000 lbs cod
fish, 662 cs canned goods, 1540 bales cotton do
mestics, 2S89 lbs dried fruits, 84 bxs fruit, 1227
pkgs eroceries and provisions, 11,837 lbs gin
seng, 10.244 lbs hams and bacon, ISO lbs hops,
1159 pigs lead, 6 rolls leather, 13 pk^s machin
ery. 200 lb» : millstulTs, 300 kets nails, 20 crs
onions, 5000 lbs Dear! barley, 5 cs rubber goods
S30 cs salmon. 37 crts sewing machines. 10,970
lbs shrimps, 20,160 lbs tanbark, 794 gals wine.
To Jaoan— 510 bbls flour, 3143 lbs butter, 107
crts bicycles and sundries, 100 lbs bread, 150 cs
canned good3, 1300 bales cotton, 252 lbs cheese,
4S00 lbs dried fruit, 24 pkgs electrical supplies,
12 bxs fruit. 307 pkRK groceries and provisions,
30 pkKS hardware, 290 pkgs leather, 1057 pigs
lead. 4020 lbs millstuffs. 130 pkgs machinery,
2000 lbs raisins. 22 cs rubber goods. 56,000 lbs
eoda ash, 3200 lbs tallow, 67,310 lbs tanbark, 75
bbls tatminir extract, 3000 gals wine, 24 cs
whisky.
To Manila — 1500 lbs lard, 17 pkgs leather 10
pkgs machinery, 7 bales hose, 26 pkgs hard
ware, 6 pkgs engines and parts, 5 cs drugs, 1213
lbs soda, 50 cs axle grease, 16. pkgs electrical
supplies, 505 cs canned goods, 7 pkgs dry goods,
12,695 lbs ham and bacon. 84 bxs fruit, 120
bales paper, 4437 lbs bean*. 5000 ft lumber. 290
pk^s groceries and provisions, 2 cs hats, KJ
nk;:s millwork.
To East Indies— 350 cs salmon, 274 cs canned
goods, 2 cs leather, 1 cs wine, 12 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 70 lbs dried fruit, 1 crt
bicycle. 2 pkgs machinery.
To Slam — 29 cs canned goods, 8 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1 cs dental appliances.
To Vladivostok— 13 pkgB millstones and flx r
tures. , •
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. m Due;
Sequoia Portland Dec. 4
San Pedro Humboldt Dec. 4
Progreso Seattle Dec. 4
American Nanaimo Dec. 4
W. H. ICruger. Tillamook Bay Dec. 1
Acapulco Panama & AVay Ports. | Dec. 5
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Dec. S
Corona Newport & Way Ports Dec. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 5
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 5
Asuncion Tacoma Dec. C
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcom Dec. 6
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 6
Rival Wiliapa Harbor Dec. 6
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Dec. 6
Centennial Seattle Dec. 6
Matteawan.... Tacoma Dec. 6
Pleiades Seattle Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. 7
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec. '7
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
Btateof Cal... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 8
Eurtka Eureka Dec. 8
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Dec. 8
Peru China & Japan Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 11
Santa Ana..... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Walla Walla.., Pujret Sound Ports Dec. 13
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Dec. 14
Nicaria Hamburg & Way Ports Deo. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Dec. -15
TO SAIIj.
Steamer. ! Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 4. I ■
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 12 m Pier 16
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orf'd 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December C.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka....... Humboldt u urn Pier 1)
December 0.
Sierra ;... Sydney & Way..... 10 am Pier 7
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
December 7.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia....... Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 1
Corona Newport & Way... « am Pier 11
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier a
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Chile ;.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
December 8.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Rival Wtllapa Harbor ... B pm Pier 2
December O.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... l pm PMSS
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 6 pm Pier 2
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
December 10. - ,<
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier' 2
December 11.
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
December 12.
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 14.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. C pm Pier 8
Alameda..... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
'FROM SEATTLE. — —
Steamer. From. Due.
Cottage City... Skagruay &. Way Ports. Dec. 4
DlriKO Skusrway & Way Ports. Dee. 4
Bertha......... Valde* & Kodlak Dec. 10
Eli Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pt« Dec. li
THE EMPORIUM. | :' • g;v ; THE EMPORIUM. !>£;<■ • THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
f'^\ £ yC-Jl 2000 y ar^s of 7-inch high-grade Taffeta Mousseline Ribbon; positively the finest -S J^ J
-Pi f*^&^0m ■■P r °d uc ! : °* the loom ; a s °f t weave • brilliant luster ; made in France ; 42PgJ Mjmtk Iltw^m
k y^^^^^W 2 4 cn °i ce colorings for the Holidays, for neck, hat and corsage SffllS %&sJ®* •?
5. < • bows; actual value 6oc yard; special Wednesday, per yard ... *™^ §g^jp jp- •- •-■ r^._ c
I Men's Furnishings* Santa cisus fc holding daily rccspuons to Men's Smoking %
i S\ t~J Men's Underwear in children accompanied by older folKs in Attraction Hall, on Jackets, $6*95. ' %
*? /S. ' P"^ /\ Grey Derby ribbed wool, - second Hoor. He has a pretty box ol wholesome candy „ „ ■•■-••,■ .*., v;:S
rMilf!:^ lor each little one. . . "a^Jtt f\ *
I ' ZSf\ WSS2^^-T ■' Mominl hOUTS-9 tO 12 O'clock. blue, brown Oxford O $|
X Vi^dk \ ment as well as good • AltcmOOn hOWS— 2 to S O'clocK. gray and other hand- / yS^^ 5
g \ lf(V\ \ wearing; regular $1.00; . — : J^d TTtT"] d (WW A *
| r\¥k\ Tj*.y* 6&c Cloak RetliMGiion&~—$25 Long £ c fi^r£^^£\\ I
I J I vm fi- M % s 4° s o/ y Mac A o ;/ rtv. M Gioak& $14*95. S^^wrl)}
ft? / j\.\' W yam, good weight, a K^TAt, %lff r— ■, t- ; <Sf% O*5 RLp^AXT '/ *
|/v^\a weii finished stock; m '^Pt -^*s lne garments and dresses are re- .w*w^, w \ 'fisv^*
l^wk&iiStlZ-iayio : 7§WMV ducecTnow-you d p not need to "53% -j,;, \\\ T^'1
| Men's Night ihirts— Mad- of a good quality f i^vJ/mMl , await trie January bale. ™d $12.50. / * n l J
* Flannelette; cut full size and well made and I I W//J \ Tn. T/hPSP tan Inner rr&+<Z r\{ plpfT^nt -all 1*
| g~ ||g§ If r 4 ie }kA 1 V6> W0 X5 an! melton, velfe" col- Dolls, 3Bo and 93c. $
K / -rW \\ta> y°f effect, double - stitched ' J^ j£££Z ,"UVi $
and comes in all desirable shades; regularly \\ 1 \ \ SeaiTlS, tUmed-baCK CUffS, fine pearl SMk^Sfc] Whkh m " nS a gr " £ reduCti ° n ?
g ,,.50 . Vir, special & / 1/ f I f b Utt0nS and lined tO WaiSt With rich gSMffi^S^ Papier §
g " ' II L >H-/ satin; air sizes and colors 1 — gray, - iS^S!&y Mache D ° n 5J°' mted at i
| Grocery Specials. Jk l\ dark tan and black, and never before less m&7 t^^^^^ I
J Fancy Ranch Eggs; SJ^^J^ than #2^.00; to-day and to- &«jm **& IIP ■ ft " ho< ?, aBd T^**"'* I
I reg. 45c; special - , morrow, only $14,93 1' U^^-,^; |
ftf tO^SfSBIfm tiOZj 37 X /tC ~" '■■ ~^" ; ■'"'■•*■■ ■ y^Mache patent jointsd Doll; «
I E XlXv™i f ?Z fl '' 4Sc $®ie of Reliabie Sheets. . Sk,5fJS^X? I
K Baking Powdsr— Emporium brand; money back All well and carefully made from standard undressed Bleached Sheeting— Jfa M «ng eyes; dressed in pretty *
K ' if not satisfactory, i-lb tin, lb . . . 30 G not the class of material generally used for advertising purposes, but our well- chemise; special to- o^*j 3*
ft? Ccc a— Bensdorf 's Royal Dutch, the genuine k noW n satis faction -giving grade at less than cost or material. day . . • • • • • - • ♦■• • **^«* M
* imported, in Lulk, regularly 85c lb, special For single Beds; size 54x90 inches; n - . For Three-Quarter Beds; size 72x90 -_ -"•»^ J i-', .. - 5
J to-day, lb. ... . ..55O t0 _day only..'. . . .. . . .' 34C ] inches; t^day only . V .... 440 Ho!W2y HOSiCry. S
i T "~ Ch01C . C J T' .T .?*£ ForJull^Beds; size' 8ix 9 o inches Just reccived> y |
g Castile Soap— The large 3-lb bars, best import- F ine Organdies— 70 inch^Ttfde^oioI. sky, ' FJnc Ca'ifornia White B'ankets— For large £ U *j£ I S
I ed, replarly 30c, wh,l e supply lasts, bar_ pink> "^ Y, .^ E " f 5
ftf rfiih^^J^' " ' "'§«? nile, white, etc.; a 50c value; yard fully madeand finished; pair OlOijO Ladies' and Children's \r&Af£%&M'< )t
if Currants- Rscleaned, 2 lbs . ..2 SO Fine Bleached Tab!e Cloths— (No napkins imported hieh eiade * EmMi V X
I Ramrs-Large fancy nbbon fed, S -lb boxes^ siIk . Covered Comforters-Filled W ith pure to match): , . V coS W^^ S
* " ' 7SG . Australian lambs' wool, full tf - Q 2x2^ yards; value J3.25; at . . .$2,50 ing of:— 3/1L «
i' l£niMM*«S size; each .. ..... 9v«i7O 2x3 yards; value J3.75; at . . . .$3.00 A variety of 20 of the W J# ' j
f| I. W. Harper Rye Whiskey— Guaranteed a &€%&£* P/jflnUfiB I &Bff lldfe.' HeTnSdor°f M 3«
J strictly pure Rye Whiskey, superior in quality *9WB*a BTBBB*MW&> 3 *JMfm >Nz$ black lace effect Lisle gf S
f» • and flavor, bottle, special to-day . ,\. 75o One of the best bargains in Sofa Pillows offered th : s year; e'egant embroidered Hose. A box of 6 jf
% Hock White Wine—A good quality of soft^p!- Sofi Pillows, complete; those new patterns used for samples to work from- ' F'rs, which we assort with 6 pretty different 5
* auble dinner wine, special to-day, gal . 45C ' _„•! t _ j' onl^ ,,. ' _ 4UsJr€^ff ' designs, win make a mart appro- _- g>
| Duffy's Malt Whiwey— This brand of Malt S P eCal o fY at OnO'tfUfa Off. priafc holiday gift; pair . . . . 44C ft?
J Whiskey is a standard article, sold regularly Regular prices §2.$0 tO $10.00- Hand-embroidered instep, on solid or lace effect X
£ for 85c bottle, special Wednesday only.. 74© Hermsdorf black Lisle thread, with white or J»
* j & k m***; 1 cosn*c-oid 1 paie cognac Perfumss, Atomizes* Playing Cards. assorted colored silk ******«ji ** 7S .
5 on be found for 7S» P» S'""-, ipecBl Wed- m . mporaa + y^ .^ rf g bhek „ a] , tading „,„„,, poun4! . ae)nsITe j
1 fi^^^K B^^Sii W^s&B M&^mi^l
I e^^^^M iiiliiiipiii sai'W.^.^ws 3i2^ss?i |
J Blackberry Brandy— Best quality, medicinal SgP^ Califon\i&;6 L2.r§C5t- W lf|9 Embroidered' with' white 'or* colored silk ' pair J
ft? use, pints . 53o . "-W , Anvcricals Greuvdcst Store. f|^ $4.25 if
at "*7 , ' , ' . V * • « ' ' . n .>'■ •■>':•,- T-r.^~ «»
San, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of * Hlgrh and Low
Wattrs at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. • Published by oraclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
tho city Iront (Mlaslon-Btreet wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
■WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4.
Sun rises 7:10
Sun sets : 4:50
Moon rises 1:0" a. m.
Time Timei Tlm« Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HW L_W H_W L_W
4 . 6:« 5.6 1:20 1.7 7:20 3.9
L W • H W L W H W
« 0-41 1.6 7:3n 6.7 2:10 l.l S:30 4.0
5 .. 1:28 2.0 8:10 5.S 2:53 C.7 9:30 4.0
7 .. 2:10 2.3 8:47 5.9 3:35 0.3 10:23 44
8 *.. 2:50 2.C 9:21 6.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.3
9* 3-271 2.9 9:50 5.9 4:46—0.3 11:57 4.3
10 "... 4:05) 3.6 10:19 5.8 5:19—0.4
NOTE— In the abovo exposition of. the tides
tho early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column sires the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tide3, as
Eometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the Eounctings of tho United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
elgn precedes tho height, and then tho number
'jrlven is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. Tha plane of reference la the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Dranch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cal.,
. December 3. 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of tho Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. in.. Greenwich mean time.
W. II. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy. In Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 3.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 90 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. CO hours from V/>
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen,t28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr J S 1 Klmball; Thwing, 4 days from Se
attle.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 6% days from Ta
coma, via Clallam Bay 4H days. .
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, 76 hours from Tll
lamook.. • , . '
I ' )$& ™L' : " I ''A'uraLienil Mother ■ i
13 \ tV >J5 p|?vf\n ■ ■ ' ' Ml Wine of Cardui has done everything for me my heart could wish. I have been married five years and 3 $
em ' fti w-kl \ i i 2\aUuW) / §m * n ' ess *^ an f° or vears I have had four miscarriages. Fifteen months ago I began using 'Wine of Cardui. ml
HI N 0 (I irl yy ' imHiftm II H ow * k avc a fine baby girl seven weeks old. I wish I could write my thankfulness to you for yotar "ja
HI YM \ li > Jffifiilr 7 / ll wonderfal medicine. " • Mrs. W. L. AVRETTE. fBI
M\ ft yV \/a\ It m Organic barrenness is exceptionally rare. There are few cases which would not yield readily to 1
H \\Y iL - K/Vb^~--^Lj$k H P r0 P cr treatment, but disappointed wives too seldom take the course Mrs. Averette so happily chose. Js
||J m JC~~~s^^ i^iilll H '* was a S€vere test k* r W' ne °f Cardui to cure a woman who had suffered four disappointment* b j||
mi)Y*~*\ i f/^\ 11 ia ' s * ne me^' c ' ne to stimulate the organs of motherhood to healthy action. The Wine relieved Mrs. $&
HI I *#K-c / V H HI Avrette simply by reinforcing her weakened organs. To heal and strengthen the weakened organs of B|
M^^^^^^^^A,^ U l» every wife who longs for a baby would bless thousands of homes with children. Every expectant t\ia
11! y^l^T^siSpy^^l^ss. 1 Hi mother should take Wine of Cardui' to strengthen the female organs, then miscarriages will be impos- |||[|
if if sible.' For, every kind of female disorder Wine of Cardui is the medicine to take. No medicine has |||'
H 1| done so much for the women of America. Ask your druggist for a dollar bottle of Wine of Cardui if By j
KKNBti a%itt » W£kC*8S&22rt\ 1 1 Bar gal , Vot advico and literature, address, giving symptoms, "The Ladtoj" Advisory iffij
J$)xL Department", The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga. Tenn. .&*$
Br stmr Chile, Todd, 35 days from Val
paraiso, via Panama 17 days, via Mazatlan 5
days.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Greene. 28 days lS?i
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days
18Vi hours, via Honolulu 5 days 22*4 hours.
Ship Dashing Wave, Lancaster, 20 days from
Tacoma.
I Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, 22 days
from Knapi>ton. • .
Schr Eva, BJornstrom, 9 days from Eureka.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 36 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 15 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmanson, 22 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Jessie Minor, 'Whitney, 15 days from
Eureka. ' .
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 3.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Co.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Honekonir; O & O S3 Co.
Ship A G Ropes. Rivers, Queenstown; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
Hr ship Rajorc, Garrlock, Queenstown; G "W
McNear.
Fr bark Anne de Bretagne, Bregeon, Queens
town; Eppinger & Co.
BAILED.
Tuesday, December 3.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Maceenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. . ■
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu.
Bark Alden Besse, Klessel, Honolulu.
'■' DISASTER.' '
LONDON, Dec 3— Br stmr Sutherland. fro:n
Astoria for Shanghai, is ashore on Japan
coast. Her bottom is injured.
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Alice Cooke at Honolulu Nov 24 from
Port Gamble met with very heavy weather
during the voyage and several sails were
blown Ewa; 1 .
Per Br ship KuDhrates at Honolulu Nov 24
from Cardiff — Was off Cape Horn for thre->
weeks, during which heavy gales and high seas
were encountered. Several sails were blown
away. Quiet weather followed during the run
up until off Valparaiso, when vessel ran into
another heavy gale, during which some more
sails were blown away. . ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 3, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 32 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Geo Loo
mls, hence Dec 1, and sailed for San Fran
cisco. Arrived— Barge Santa Paula, in tow
tug Rescue, hence Dec 1, and sailed for San
Francisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 3— Danish ' bark
Princess Marie, for Queenstown; Nor stmr
Tiger, for. Antwerp; stmr Chicago, for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND-Salled Dec 2-Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 3, 11 a m— Stmr
TTmatilla, from Victoria and Puget Sound
ports, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed In Dec S-Br
ship Oweenee, from Shanghai.
Arrived Dec 3— Br bark Deudraeth Castle,
from Cardiff.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 3— Schr C S Holmes,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr , City of To
peka, for Skagway; stmr Dolphin, for Skag-
Tray. Dec 3— Jap stmr Kinshlu Maru, for Yo
kohama and Hongkong:.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Nov 19 — Br stmr Doric,
from Yokohama; stmr Sierra, from colonies.
T*fov 20— Stmr Ventura, hence Nov 14: Br stmr
Mlowera, from Sydney. Nov 22— JaD stmr.
Hongkong Maru, hence Nov 16. Nov 23— Br
stmr Moana. ■ from Victoria: bark Kaullani.
hence Nov 5. Nov 24 — TJ S stmr Solace, from
Pago Pago; U S stmr Meade. hence Nov 17:
schr Alice Cooke, from Port Gamble: Br ship
Euphrates, from Cardiff. Nov 23— Shi» Roa
noke, from Norfolk, Va, for San Francisco,
with coal on flre and vessel leaking. Nov 26—
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. from Yokohama.
Sailed Nov 20 — BriK Tanner, for Port Town
send; Br stmr Miowera, for Victoria; schr R
W Bartlett, for Fort Townsend; stmr Ventura,
for Colonies. Nov 22— Ship Tille E Starbuck,
for San Francisco. Nov 23— Br stmr Moana.
for Sydney; schr Aloha, for San Francisco; Jap
stmr Hongkong Maru. for Yokohama.
To sail Nov 26— Bark S C Allen, for San
Francisco. v
In port and ready for sea— Ship Benjamin P
Packard, for Port Townsend.
To sail Dec 1— Schr Rosamond, for San Fran
cisco.
HILO^ — Arrived Nov 17 — Schr Esther Buhne,
from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 22— Bark Martha Davis, for San
Francisco. Nov 24— Ship Falls of - Clyde, for
San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Sailed Nov 20— Bark "W B Flint.
for San Francisco.
KAANAPALI-«ailod Nov 20— Bktn Jane L
Stanford, for Port Townsend.
EASTERN PORT.
■ NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Alllanca.
for Colon. \ . . -•; ■.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Sailed Nov 30—Stmr Leelanaw.
for San Francisco. '
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Ventura.
NANAIMO— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Matteawan,
for San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Dec 3— Br bark Howth.
from Tacoma, for Queenstown. Dec 2— Br ship
Pythomene, hence July 11, for Queenstown.
CARDIFF— Arrived Dee 1— Br bark Mozam
bique, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Dec 2— Ger bark Nal.
from Astoria.
LE1TH— Arrived Dec 1— Br stmr Imogen,
hence Auj 31. ■
. AMOY— In Dort Nov 20— Dutch stmr Wilhel
mina, for Tacoma.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 30— Br ship Vlmeira.
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus-Si»lled Nov 30-Br thiD
Rahane. for San Francisco. '
GLASGOW— SaUed Nov 30— Br «tmr Rosar
lan. for Oregon; Br stmr Chins Wo. for Se
attle.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Santa
Rosa, from San Francisco; Br ship Carthmes
shlre, from Newcastle, NSW.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec J-Stmr Aller,
from Naples; stmr Sicily, from Naples.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Kron Prina Wilhelm. for
Bremen.
BREMEN— Arrived Dec* S— Stmr H H Meier.
from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
' MOVILLE— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Parisian.
from Liverpool. v
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Ventura,
from. San Francisco, via Honolulu, for Syd
ney. NSW.
MURORAN— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr IndravellL
from Portland, Or.
BROWHE AD— Passed Dec 3— Stmr Celtic,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Dec J-Stmr Statsn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Mlnnehaha,
from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Patricia.
fr»m New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg:,
and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 3-Stmr West
ernland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Olympla,
from Tacoma and Victoria. B C, for Kobe.
Shanghai and Hongkong.
Harbor Hospital Cases.
Jacob F. Shafer. a plumber, who resides
in Oakland, was badly burned about the
face and hands yesterday by the blowing
out of a valve in a gasoline furnace. He
was 'treated at the Harbor Hospital and
later sent home.
Charles Richman of Sonoma was stab
bed by his daughter at 108 Second street.
They had a row over money matters, the
old man accusing his daughter of stealing
$55 from his daughter-in-law. The squab
ble ended in the young 1 woman stabbing
her ■ father with a penknife. . Richman
was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Tries to Bribe Policeman.
Andrew Solarl, a scavenger, was held to
answer before the Superior Court " by
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of at
tempting to bribe an officer. Policeman
J. J. Amand arrested Solari on November
6 for dumping garbage on a lot at Van
Ness avenue and Chestnut street and So
lari offered him $4 to let him go.
78
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
My RHEUHATISn CURE is just 85 i
certain to cure rheumatism as water I
Is to quench thirst. No matter what i
part of the body the pain may be in :
or whether it is acute or chronic, j
nUNYON'S RHEUHATISil CURE \
will drive it out in a few hours, and ;
fully cure ia a few days.- HUNYON. j
Mur.yon's Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of !
indigestion or stomach trouble. \
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, including j
the earliest stages of Bright's Disease, can be cured {
vith Munyon's Kidney Cure.
M un yon 'sCatarrh Cure will cure catarrh of th e head,
throat and stomach, do matter of how long standing.
Nervous affections anddiseasrs of the heartarecon-
trolled and cured by Munvon'sNcrve andHrartCure.
Munjron'sColdCure will break upany form of cold.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price Si. ,.
The Guide to Ilrnllh (free) tells about disra*rs
and their cure. Get it at any drug store. The Cures
•re mil en sale there, mostly at 2; cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia.
KUXTOVK IMUI.ER CUBES CATAEEH.
1
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
, MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
r 65 "5iKxsms;.i»t.6at7a,s.r.C£i.i
,t3r^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
I I l y - World. Weaknesses or any romracteii m
SESp^ • 5Nie P"»'« ll "' 1 7' ♦•■'•>* t>y the oldest f
O fBjE I 011 ' 51 on Ike Coast Est 36 years.- 0
$ I Btl 8 CR * JORDAN-fllSEASES OF MEN A
A I^J*fVfi Consultation free and stiirtly private. \
m I jCwg Treatment personal!}- or by Inter. A M
T • W 13 ■ M^ntmt Curt in every case undertaken. T
kTa I A Write for Book. KlILOKOraYari
f I I 1 MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (AT
\ A / :■ valuable book for nrn) \
V OB. JORDAX A- CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. f
CONTINUATION
OF
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE
The following choice and select list of Imptwed » n
onimproTed properties will be aold for the beir* of t\
hte William A. Piper, «t our salesroom. Mc-ndv
December 16. 1&01, at 12 o'clock noon, by order of <;<;'
tare H. L'mbjen. sole referee, subjsct to confirm*! jo-
by the Superior Court.
Northeast Cor. Sntter and Gough Sts.
This choic? comer would pay handsomely if prupui'
improved. Lot 70x120, three froctases.
14SO, 14 52, 1454. 1430 Jt 1458 Franklin S1
Bout beast corner Bush St. This dinice invr:;fni'.is
consist* of two eornerc, wnh fire th-eiuit i-stury i-x
b&semrnt housss nf 14 raums s.i.<1 baiu eicu. Ui-nV
|3;S per month. Lot 120xlli.C. , -
— Al«o —
Two desirable bulletins lots. 35x130 eac'.i, fronting r-:
Boab £>t. and Fern Ate. Wf 1 be sold separately.
1312 to !«*« I'olk St.
Soctbeut corner Bush St. This choice businee.
propertj consist* of two comrrs, and in doss to t-t
transfer point oi Sutter and Folk Sts. Imjirovenieiitr.
consist of ei;Ut Etorrg and three flats, with fraaw
buildincs. New. 1325-132!) JSrui St. Rents SJ30 pet
month. Lot 120xl£0, thrr^/ror.tises.
Mc*lli«t«T St.
New Junction of Market and Jones Sts. Th'.schoto
business property could be rn:t<> to yield haml.se .'jely ii
properly improve'. Lot 123xt-7 .6, irregular.
City Hall Anon*.
Between Lesvenworth ar.d City Hall Square. Two
choice building lots, 25i 100 each.
212 Washington St.
Between Front and Da*ls Su. Improvements consist
of frama building. Bents Ji3 per month. Lot 2jrlM Vj
Oregon tit.
POTHEKO.
Portion of Block 441, lot lOnxnO, three frontages.
• " *• 46G, " lODxlOO, three frontaje*.
m 4. M 4:t2^ .. I(< j x3O o i two frontage
" " ** 513, " ICOx W9. three froutagar
■m •» . « 512, " tOOxilO, two frontages.
•*•*** 475, ** 100x30(1, two frontage*.
•*•*** 514, " 100x400, thre* f rontazw .
«• .i .. r 2u- •• 200x200, three frontage*.
...,,«» u t. Mgi u icoxlSO, two fronUges.
Gift Map No. 3.
Elsie St., west line, between Ksmeralda and Oo*R
•u. LoU 364, 366, 36J and 368, 25x70 each.
For Ottalogues and farther particulars, apply to
. G. H.-UMBSEN * CO.
14 Montpoinnry Street.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
; The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train-
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From Saa Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
f Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
%AAA.VlAVWVVIArVlrVlrVlrVtrVVIrVVVt
|g!jL^0r . injection.
I A PERMANENT CURE
5 of the most obstinate cases of GonorrhcM
? and Gleet, paarftnteed in from 3 to ft
2 days ; nc other treatment required.
i Sold bj all druggists.
VwvvvvwwvvtM/irvvywvvvvvwvvv
egt CHICHESTER'S CNGUBH
n __/?T~v OH(Slo»l find Only Guaian.
jP-T~>fL**SfitjrE. AlvaTarallabi*. Latdleu art Nrarri*
? !,S ¥^i <* CHICHKKTJEICS ENGLISH
h^ i> '^^\ ln UC» and «io!« »«ta01lo boxei. iral.4
V* -— ■ 4 v d •«t» Wn ribixm. Take »• ather. K*Tnt«
TO 9* vVj rt*N acroii* nnb«tlrvtlo«« and ImlU.
I / f]J tlouw So } or roar 9re(pn. *t «*a* 4r. is
I ■— rf at«Bsiit tor r«r1lr«l«r«, TaMimvaitaU
VV. f? »nil' 4 lleJI«rf»rl><U«fc n «»*«««r,b/ra»
_A * L' tnraMatL 1 0.<M»« Tnttasraialt. S*ickj
- "/ all I;ru;gl» «. . Oki«he«t*r Chcmleal CW,
Kentl« telt paper. tfadfeov. t«-mre, I'll J LA- VH
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modt-lfl and renovated. KING.' WARD &
CO. European plan. Kooms, 50c to 11 SO day;
t£ to $8 «rt; $S to $20 month. Free bath<;
fact and cold water, every room; fire grp-tes in ■
•v«r» " ibobu elevator runs all sixbt* .____, < '
HEYDENFELDT
WIDOWS AT WAR
Contest for Late Jurist's
Property Assumes
New Phase.
Another Dispute Arises Over
Alleged . Lease and
Compromise.
An answer and counter-claim was filed
yesterday by Elizabeth Heydenfeldt to
the suit instituted by Henrietta Heyden
feldt some time ago. She denies the alle
gation made by the plaintiff that she
leased to her the property in dispute, one
piece of which is located at Geary an.i
Webster streets and the other on .Pacific
street, near E>uj>ont.
Elizabeth Heydenfeldt declares that on
the date on which the plaintiff claims the
lease was made, October 23, 1893, she was
the owner in fee simple of the property.
She says, however, mat sne agreed 'to a
compromise to avoid UUgation oy paying
the plamtitf V15.W0 and $i25 a montn dur
ing ine plaintirt's life. To secure these
payments the defendant ciaims she con
\t-yed to the plaintirf a lire interest in
th«?— property.
The defendant further claims that, she
lived up to trie agreement until Septem
ber 14, iSK>, when she ceased to do so be
cause the piaintitx then repudiated the
compromise and commenced legal pro
<*-euings.
The action now pending is but one of
the many phases of the lamous" Heyden
feldt case, .caused by the conflicting
claims of the plaintiff and defendant in
suits instituted against • the former
Judge's estate. ...
They both claim to be the widow of
the late Judge Solomon Heydenfeldt.
Elizabeth Heydenfeldt says she is the
widow of the late jurist and claims that
Henrietta Heydenfeldt is in reality Hen
rietta Herbert, a half-sister of the de-
Ceased Judge. Elizabeth Heydenfeldt
claims she was married to Judge Hey
denfeldt by Chief Justice Hugh C. Mur
ray of the California Supreme Court in
1853. and that- owing- to cruelty she was
compelled to leave him. She denies that
Henrietta Heydenfeldt was ever married
to the Judge, and that the latter was in
sane when he executed the will ! which
has caused such a long and bitter con
test between the two women. . :
Elizabeth Heydenfeldt in the cross-com
plaint filed yesterday asks that the al
leged lease be adjudged to be a part of
the compromise, invalidated, as she al
leges, by the plaintiff, and that the latter
be compelled- to ■ return $17,900 paid her
while the compromise was in force. She
also asks that certain transfers of inter
ests in the Heydenfeldt property made
by the plaintiff to G. H. Mangels and J.
I-. Crlttenden be declared void.
Recital Well Attended.
Despite the inclement weather, the re
cital which was given last night by Mrs.
Fred H. Hanson at Sherman-Clay Hall was
well attended. The hall was artistically
decorated with cut flowers and potted
plants. Six young ladies attired in white
acted as ushers. The programme of the
monologues and recitals consisted of se
lections from Shakespeare. Kipling
Browning. Dickens. Paul Laurence Dun
bar. James Whitcomb Riley, Eugene
Field and other famous authors. Mrs.
Hanson acquitted herself in the most com
mendable manner. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 B.KATSGHINSKi I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
1 I'l THIRD ST^ET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
9 HOLIDAY NOVELTIES. 1
H This is the time to think of Eg
H Christmas gifts. We have the best §3
B selected stock ln this city and our Rj
D prices cannot be duplicated. Drop Fl
u In and examine our f tock. It costs tv
H you nothing to look and we will as- m
fil sure you a cordial reception. LA- ■
m DIES' BLACK or RED QUILTED S
II SATIN JULIETS, fleece lined' and H
H beaver fur trimmed, REDUCED K
fj TO *l.:i5 A PAIR. Sizes 3 to 8. * gg
I We Are Open Evenings This Month. 1
I CHILDREN'S SATIN JULIETS. 1
H MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RED H
| QUILTED SATIN JULIETS, fleece gj
H lined and beaver fur trimmed, with Eg
H spring heels — ■ 1 IS
Eg Child's sizes, 6 to 11. 6Oc K
Q Misses' sizes, 12 to 2 75c gj
i We Are Open Evsnings This Month. |
S* CROCHET SLIPPERS, I
CROCHET SLIPPERS for men. B
women and children — E3
I Child's sizes, 2 to 11, ln Pink, Red H
or White and Blue 5Oc 9
Misses' sizes. 12 to 2, In Red or m
White and Blue OoC H
Ladies' sizes, 3 to 8, in Red, Purple H
or Black ....:..... 75c C
Men's sizes, 6 to 11, ln Red or Black jm
* ••••; • »v.-.: $1.00 I
We Are Open Evenings This Month. I
Men's Embroidered Slippers I
MEN'S VELVET" EMBROIDER- H
ED EVERETT or OPERA SLIP- B
PERS, with patent leather trim- B
mings and soft cushion Insoles; t
sizes 6 to 11 75c 1
n OUR STORE has been enlarged W
M and seating capacity increased. H
B WE WILL BE OPEN EVEN- ■
j INGS during the month of Decem- m
g BUT A SHOE ORDER. No prcs- fj
q ent is more acceptable than a pair E
H of shoes. m
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD STREET. i
San Francisco. ■_ h
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1901.
MURE5CA STRIKES HER COLORS,
FINISHING BACK IN THE RUCK
Botany Looms Up as a High=Class Mud Per=
former«=O'Connor Lands a Couple of
Long Shots.
NOTHING caused so much surprise
at Oakland track yesterday as
the defeat of "Frisco" Lind's
chipper mud lark Muresca in the
third event, a sprint over the Fu
turity course. The filly has been consid
ered well-nigh Invincible in the mud, and
as it rained almost continuously and the
course was ankle deep in slush the shrewd
ones climbed aboard at 3 to 2. The favor
ite met with ignominious defeat, but the
disaster is easily accounted for. At the
start she went out with Glendenning, set
ting a clip so fast that it was only a
question as to which would stop first.
Right in their wake came Botany, with
Johnny Woods up. simply galloping. Be
low the paddock Muresca gave it up and
Woods, letting out a wrap on Botany, won
In a walk. Glendenning deserves credit
for his gameness, for he fought it out to
the wire, lasting just long enough to get
the place from Sir l^ewis by a i\ose. The
winner is a brown gelding by Watercress-
Pensa, and In the hands of the competent
young trainer. Fred Edwards, will be
heard from later on in possibly more re
fined company.
Winnie O'Connor had his mud clothes on
and no mistake, getting home first in the
opening dash on .Lapidus, a 15 to 1 shot,
and further down the line he brought in
Dunblane at 5 to 1. Fitzkanet was the
.only favorite to win laurels. He was only
a lukewarm one.
Several times Lapidus has been played,
but failed to put any flour in the barrel.
Drifting to 15 to 1, the Jennings entry led
all the way in the 2-year-old scramble,
which opened the sport. In a hard drive
Mounce. on Marelio, snatched the place
from Waterscratch by a neck. Quadra,
the favorite, was flat-footed when the
barrier went up, and failed to show to
any advantage.
Harry Stover met with more luck in the
five and a half furlong run following. His
brown sprinter Edinborough, ridden by-
Lee Jackson, beat the barrier, and Fla
mero, the even money choice, could not
quite get up, losing at the wire by a
length. The winner's odds were played
from 4 down to 2 and in some books to
S to 5.
' Sturdy looking Fitzkanet carried his 100
pound impost and J. Daly, to the front
in the handicap over six furlongs. He
had no easy thing of it, though, for
Prank Bell led him a merry chase. John
ny Daly rode a pretty race on "Fitz,"
timing his wove perfectly. Mounce let
Frank Bell sift along in the lead, and for
a time it looked as if he would last out.
Tiring, though, below the sixteenth pole,
he was nabbed by Fitzkanet and in an
invigorating drive beaten out a neck. Ja
nice did not seem to be at herself, finish
ing third, %ix lengtns away. Grafter, the
only other starter, performed poorly.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry Ber
nota came in for extensive backing in the
betting on the seven-furlong selling af
fair. The brown gelding did not get a
very good send off and was outfooted all
the way. Dunblane apparently outgameu
Gusto, disposing of the Brutus horse by
more than a length.
They finally took FJoronso into camp.
The patched up cripple ruled a 7 to 10 fa
vorite for the concluding mile and an
eighth run and came in third. . Birken
rtith rushed Sunello, a G to 1 shot, away
in front at the start and won all the ■way.
Mounce made a long journey of it with
the favorite, losing the place to Lodestar
by four lengths. ' .
Track Notes.
v Willie Buchanan concluded to take ■ a
trick at the wheel and had the leg up on
Waterscratch in the first event. He met
with some poor luck at the start, else he
probably would have finished first.
Some fault was found with Mounce's
ride on Floronso. It must be remembered
that the old fellow has one leg that re
sembles a Fijian war club and is lame
two-thirds of the time. The Idaho boy
had a mount in every race, was once first;
four times second and once third.
Lee Jackson, who rode Edinborough,
rode with marked success on the Cana
dian circuit the past season.
The entries for this afternoon are as fol
lows:
FirBt race— Five furlongs, selling, maiden
two-year-olds.
.. Meteoro 118" 2902 Wander'g Boy..H5
2339 Evander 115 2890 R. Bonner II... 115
. .. Derby Winner.. 10b 1S14 Lillie Dale 108
"914 St Chester 118 2914 Billy Vice Jr.. .108
2914 Major Bird 118 Bud Wade 108
Second race— Six . furlongs, purse, three-year
olds and upward.
2S08 Imp. R. Flush. 1121 2911 Nellie Forest... 104
2SS6 Forkf ord 1071 2900 Grayf eld 112
NATIVES HUNT
THE CANNIBAL
Tutuilans Fear the Pres
ence of Solomon
Islander.
Special Correspondence,
HONOLULU, Nov. 27.— There was a
great deal of apprehension among the
peaceful and kindly natives of the island
of Tutulla at the time the navy trans
port Solace left Pago Pago for this port.
It was all on account of the escape from
the supply ship Abarenda of a Solomon
Islander, who had taken refuge ■ there
from the natives several months before,.
It seems that on the island on which
Apia is situated the Germans have im
ported many Solomon Islanders, to work
on the plantations. These people' are very
savage and given to cannibalism. Three
of them escaped from their masters and,
stealing a canoe, traveled to Tutuita, a
distance by water of about eighty miles.
Landing on the island, they took to the
bush and began marauding. They first
lived on chickens and pigs which they
stole and there were fruits' and water in
abundance to be had for the taking. Not
content with these good things, they made
their presence felt by stealing and killing
a couple of children, whose bodies they
devoured. • \
The Tutuilans, finding out about the
cannibals, gave chase to tnem and after
a very exciting hunt succeeded :'.n killing
two. The third escaped to the Abarenda,
where he was given protection. He re
mained aboard quite a long time, but
took to the bush a day or two before the
Solace sailed. His being at large and the
depredations feared at his hands are what
is causing. the excitement among the Tu
tuilans, ■ who have organized a hunting
squad and are out looking for the man.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— King's plaster mills at
New Brighton, Staten Island, said to be the
largest plant of its kind in the country, was
destroyed by fire to-day. The loss is estimated
at $100,000. It is thought that Robert Swanton
and a colored man named Hamilton, employed
in the works, perished in the flames.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEORGE, WASHINGTON'S QUEUE.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
The Father of \ his Country concealed
a luxuriant suit of hair 'beneath, his
queue wig. Many now wish the old
fashion were- in vogue> to conceal
thinned hair or baldness;-. Yet no one
need have thin hair nor be bald, If he
cure the dandruff that causes both. Dan-
druff cannot be cured by ■ scouring the
scalp, because it Is a germ disease and*
the germ has to be killed. Newbro's
Herpicide kills the germ— no
other hair preparation will. //Destroy
the -cause, you ' remove the effect.".
There's no cure for dandruff but to kill
the germ. •__ - ■ " - ..
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETHACK— Tuesday, Dec. 3.— Weather showery. Track muddy.
a020. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
I T~~ "~~ Betting.
Horse and Weight. |St. %. . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2fS3 Lapidus 108 1 111212 12 W. B. Jennings & Co. O' Con ~~7 15
2893 Marelio 103 5 .7 h 5 2 4% 2n D. S. Fountain Mounc. 4 9-2
2908 Waterscratch 105 7 3h 2% 2134 G. Summers & Co..Buchs : . 6 12
2873 Quadra 105 C .4 2 3^ 3 1 4G G. AV. Snider & Co.. Birkrtn 2 8-3
2899 Huachuca 108 8 8 »i 6 1 7% 5 1 G. AV. Baldwin.. ..Bullman 'ft 4
2906 Gypsy Hoy 108 2 2h 41 81 61 Long & Capps Hoar 13 3D
2885 Maraschino 10,» 10 9 10 8 2 9 10 7 2 J. C. Humphrey.... Jackson 20 30
2890 Bendara .■ 108 4 52 71 6 1 85 J. Burrows J Matthews 10 25
2868 Lou Hazel 105 3 61 9 10 5 2 9 10 W. AA\ Elliott. ...J. Woods 12 li
2910 Ingo ....IPS 9 10 ' 10 10 10 W. H. Ketcheman.. Adams 50 10J
Time— %, :12%; %; :24%; %. :50; %. 1:03%. . Fair start. AVon first three driving. AVinner. AA\
B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by Star Ruby-Pearl V. O'Connor on winner put up a very hust
ling ride, stopping at no way stations. MareJIo finished strong. • Waterscratch had bad luck
at the start or he would have won. Quadra flat-footed when barrier went up Huachuca
had worked well and will win soon. Scratched— Dawson. 105, Tufts 105.
2921. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
| I I • ~~ I Betting.
Index. | Horse, Age, Wt.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
2S5S Edinborough, 4 ....117 ~1 1 5 14 11 11 W. H. Ketcheman.. Jackson 3^ 3
2849 Flamero, 6 ...:V...114 54% 2 1 22 2 10 D Cameron Mounce 1 9-10
2S3G J. Boggs, 4 114 3 32 31 3438 J. S. Gibson Howson -30 50
2S05 St. Anthony, 4 114 6| 6 5% 6 4 4 John Kane ....Prior ' 6 '6
2903 VVhaleback, 5 115 2 52 6 5 152 E. Carey Ruiz 5 ■ 12
2811 Gold Baron. 5 114 4 2n 45 4 2 C |H. L. Haskell.J. Matthews .15 20
Time— 3-16, :18ii; % :25; % :51%; 5&f, 1:09%. Bad start. AA'on all out. Second and. third
driving. AA'inner, W. H. Ketcheman's br. h. by Albert-Mol Moi. AVinner beat the gate.
Flamero would have won at six furlongs. J. Boggs is a fast one but is windbroken. St.
Anthony not .up to much. AVhaleback won't do.
22O22. THIRD RACE- Futurity course: two-year-olds: value to first, $325.
j . j - - I Betting.
Index. I Horse and Weight. [S.. %. %. Str. Fin. ( Owner and Jockey. Op.' Cl.
(2906) Botany 110 4 33 34 2% 13 E. E. Edwards Mounce 3 4
2S75 Glendenning .*.... .110 1 111% 33 2ns Montana Stable.. Birkenrth 3-2 13-5
(2910) Str Lewis 113 2 42 4346 32 MJ Daly L Daly 5 6
(2879) Muresca 110 3 2424 ln 420 C. Llnd ..'. J. Woods 3-3 3-3
2S11 Yellowstone 113 5 , 5 5 5 5 W. P. Fine Collts 30 53
Time— To %. :21%; to %, :46; last %.'l:04; short %, 1:14. Good start. AA r on easily.' Second and
third driving.- Winner, E. E. Edwards' br.- g. by AVatercress-Pensa. Botany will take a
lot of beating In any man's country. He is Improving right along. Glendenning ran Mures
ca's eye out. Sir Lewis would have been second in another jump. Yellowstone will do
better later on. ■ • , - ;•
'MYi'A. FOURTH RACE— Six, furlongs; free handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $400.
_ . . i* Betting.
Index.|Horse, Age, Wt.lSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2864 Fitzkanet, 3 100 3 22 2 2 21 ln W.M.Rogers J.Daly 3 ' 2
2894 Frank Bell, 5 Ill 2 11 12 12 2 6 J. W. O'Neal & Co.. Mounce \ 2 : 3
2900' Janice, 3."... ........113 4 3136 36 3 10 G. B. Morris O'Connor : 2 2
• 2912 Grafter. 3. ._98 14 4 4 4 L. A. Blasli)game..Birknrth 6 7
Time— \4. :24V4: H. :49V4: %. 1:15V4. Good start. Won • cleverly. Second and "third driving.
Winner. AV. M. Rogers' b. c. by Fltzjames-Sekanet. Winner received a perfect ride.
Frank Bell dealt out his best. Janice found the pace and weight too heavy . a burden.
Grafter ran poorly.
2024. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
j _ ______
Index.jHorse, Age, • Wt.lSt. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. \ Op. Cl.
2907 Dunblane, 4 .'.112 1 lh" lh 2% 1*1% AV. B. Jennings & Co.. O'Cn 3 4
(2901) Gusto, 4 112 2 22 23 lh 26 P.' Howley Mounce 2 2
2900 Bernota 3 106 5 4 6 4 20 3 2 3 1 Burns & Waterhse..Ransch 6-5 1
2898 Favorito, 4 Ill 3 5 5 5 4 2 Klunder & Burns.. Vittatoe 30 100
_2S93_ Maresa, 3.. 106 _4 3 2 3 4 20 5 J. H. Dolan...J. Matthews 6 15
Time— ?/g, :13; %, :24»i; %\ :51; %, 1:17%; Vs, 1:30%. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, AA*. B." Jennings & Co.'s ch. h. by Mldlothlan-Loleta. Dunblane is becoming quite
a finished mud lark and was the recipient of a very vigorous ride. Gusto did his best. Ber
nota away none too well and not handled to best advantage. Others outclassed. .
2025. SIXTH RACE— 1% miles; selling: four-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. '4. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2913 Sunello. 4 101 1 15 12- 1% 12 M. Storn .....Birkenruth 6 6
2907 Lodestar, a 106 2. 2 2 25 3 20 24 Dan O'Keefc.J. Matthews 3 4
(2»11) Flcronso, 6 109 3 3 12 3 12 2 1 3 30 P. McGutre.. Mounce 7-10 7-10
(2905) Cromwell, a 110 4 4 4 4 4 E. Purser .Bullman 5 7
Time— Yt. :13; U, :25%; %, ;51%: %. 1:17%; mile, 1:44U: l%m. 1:57%. Good start. Won first
three driving. AVinner, M. Storn's b. g. by Morello-Sunlit. Snnello a big. powerful fellow,
with a fondness for mud. Lodestar ran his race. Mounce in his search for best going
rode a. long mile and A furlong. Cromwell off four lengths behind others at start.
Third race— Futurity course, ' selling, all
ases. ■
2915 Ben Ledl 113 Atedo 113
2S79 Alzura 109 2604 Aurifera ... 113
2829 Abba L. 109 2305 Ned Dennis 113
2919 El Rey 100 2903 Rollick 109
2891 Young Morello.116 2871 Relna de Cuba. 113
2903 Trimmer ..:... .113 29U Afghan 113
Fourth race— Five and a half furlongs, purse,
two-year-olds. ,
2S63 F. Atterbury...lO2 2916 Dr. Scharff 110
2899 Dean Swlft.....lO5 2910 Silva Cruz 110
(291C)St Sever 107 2910 Com. Forster...llO
<289S)Rosewar 107 2920 Waterscratch ..107
2863 Josie G 10J
Fifth race— One mile, selling, three-year-olds
and upward.
2905 Darlene 9SI 2917 Galanthus 98
(2919)Disturber 109 2875 Eonic 92
2880 Bedeck 1071
EXPERTS FIND
A DEFALCATION
National Bank in an
Eastern City Closes
Suddenly.
BALL.STON, N. Y., Dec. 3.-The First
National Bank of this place was closed to
day, pending an investigation .by a Na
tional Bank Examiner. It is stated that
the closing of the bank's doors followed
the discovery of irregularities in the ac
counts of the teller, Charles E. Fitcham.
The bank began business in 1865. Judge
J. 8. Lamoreaux succeeded the late
George West as president early in Octo
ber of this year, and H. J. Donaldson suc
ceeded to the vice presidency. The new
executive officers, at once began a thor
ough Investigation of the bank's affairs
and discovered indications of a defalca
tion on the part of Teller Fitcham. The
investigation was pursued until it was
seen thafthe defalcation had begun many
years ago and attained large figures.
Bank Examiners Graham, and Van
Vranken were sent for, and yesterday _ be
gan a thorough examination. At the close
of banking hours they reported a short
age of $100,000. The directors then decided
to close the bank, pending an investiga
tion, and a warrant for Fitcham's arrest
was issued. Fitcham has a wife and one
daughter. President, Lamoreaux said to
day that it was not possible to determine
the amount of Fitcham's defalcation
without an inspection of the outstanding
certificates of deposit and depositors
pass-books. The examination, he said,
shows the teller alone is responsible.
Lamoreaux added that it is not thought
possible that any loss can come to de
positors or certificate holders, as the bank
has a surplus of $100,000, which, it is hoped,
will nearly or quite meet the deficit and
leave the bank's capital of $100,000 unim
paired. An examination of the bank by
Examiner Van Vranken last August
failed to disclose any irregularity in the
accounts. ; ■ :■ ' • '. . ";-.'■>-;*
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific: special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. - Round trip San
Francisco. $80: Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates.- Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco,
261 South Spring street. Los Angeles.
Meade Court-Mar tial Is Concluded.
NEW YORK, Dec, 3.— The Meade court*
martial at the Brooklyn navy-yard to
day concluded its deliberations on the
testimony taken in the trial and disband
ed. The findings of the cour^. were at once
sent to the Navy Department at Wash
ington. „ * '
Who Will Go Barefooted NowP
'.To-morrow as a special offer ; at Pahl's
shoe sale 2000 pairs of ladies' fine dress
shoes, worth $2 50,' for $1 35. All sizes and
widths at Pahl's shoe sale that is now
going oh at 324 Kearny street, near Bush.*
Sixth race— Six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and upward.
2911 Tiburon 109i 2897 Rasp ........... 99
2911 Mldn't Chlmes.109 2882 Mam. Hlldreth.104
2921 St. Anthony 1091 2919 Wyoming 109
2834 Canejo 109 2911 Mocorito 109
£915 Herculean 109 2903 Urchin 104
2901 B. Sheppard....lO9 2S82 Educate 104
2879 Patsy Dolan....l09
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Evanaer, Major Bird, Meteoro.
Second race— Grayfeld, Forkford, Royal
Flush.
Third race— Alzura, Rollick, Ked Dennis.
Fourth race— Rosewar, St. Sever, Josle G.
Fifth race— Eonic, Bedeck, Galanthus.
Sixth race— MocOrito, Herculean, Tiburon.
TRIES ESCAPE
FROM GALLOWS
Criminal Rushes From
Cell Before Execu
tion Hour.
MOUNT HOLLY, N. J., Dec. 3,— Charles
Brown made a desperate attempt to break
jail a short time before the hour set for
his execution. this morning. As his spirit
ual adviser, the Rev. J. C. Diesinger of
Camden, was "leaving the cell, in compli
ance'with a wish of the prisoner that he
be left alone half an hour to prepare him
self for death, Brown suddenly rushed
from his cell armed with a piece of lead
pipe, which he brandished at the guards.
Surprised by the suddenness of the at
tack the guards fell back. . Brown dashed
down the corridor, sprang down a short
flight of stairs and reached | the kitchen.
He waved aside the guards who were fol
lowing him, jumped through a window
and reached the ■ yard, where he armed
himself with an ax. One of the deputies
who approached the desperate man was
struck on the arm with a piece' of pipe,
when others closed in on Brown and over
powered him. * He . was manacled and
placed in his cell to await execution. He
was hanged at 10:05 o'clock for complicity
in the • munder of Washington, Hunter.
Death was almost instantaneous.
Washington Hunter was a wealthy re
tired farmer, aged 70 years, and lived with
his wife at Riverside, N. . J. : On the night
of January 25 last Charles Brown, John
Young, Charles Miller and Otto Keller
forced an entrance into Hunter's house
with the intention of robbing the place.
Hunter resisted and was brutally beaten
with an iron bolt. His wife brought him
a revolver, with which he defended him
self until his assailants were frightened
away. Hunter died four* days later.
Young and Keller were arrested in New
York and Keller turned State's evidence.
He is now awaiting sentence.
Brown was found in Sing Sing -prison,
where he was serving a term for-.bur
glary. Governor Odell . pardoned him in
order that he might be brought here for
trial on the murder charge. Miller has
not yet been apprehended. Young and
Brown were both convicted of murder in
the first degree' and were' to have been
hanged together' to-day. Young, however,
secured a writ of error f^om the Court
of Errors and Appeals, which acted as a
stay. •
MEN WITHOUT WORK
, CROWD GERMAN TOWNS
Enormous Number of Unemployed
Persons in the Domains of .
the Kaiser.
BERLIN, Dec. 3.— Official investigations
made by the Municipal Council as to the
number of unemployed In the various in
dustries of Germany reveal a rather
worse condition of affairs than had al
ready, been intimated" by the German
press. -The. unemployed In the -larger
towns amount to from 7 to 10 per cent
of their^populations and the aggregate of
unemployed in ; Germany reaches 500.000
men, or 4 per cent of the number, of arti
sans in the country.
1 PAINE'S . CE&EBY COMPOUND.
Only Remedy Used in Hospitals
To cure nervous prostration is j™^^— ' j
Nervous prostration kills more people jn 'America W'wZ^i^i*
every week than all the infectious diseases kill in a MMg!s£*^*^ ' >
year.- Statistician of London iMedical Journal. y hg/jX^^^.. y
Nervous prostration, taken in time, is absolutely, fi|P||^S^^ {
permanently cured by Paine's celery compound. There N. /. j
are thousands of physicians' statements to this effect. fljIgL .jgrj
It is the only prepared remedy used in such cases in the mM g^^^M '
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 17.— Mrs. Lola Montalvo, jjL»^ I
who was Miss Barton's- assistant, and is now nurse of " — ' . "'
the Succoring Hospital in Guanabacoa and wife of Mr. ,
R. J. Montalvo, Warden of the City Prison in Havana, has made this statement :
"Paine's celery compound has been used at the Guanabacoa Hospital as many
as five years with great success. Many women were scarcely able to move ; there
were others with a very weak nervous system. A hundred instances could be given
of our patients who have been completely cured by using this wonderful Paine's
celery compound. One bottle cured a Miss Agustina Aguero, who had heart disease.
She was old and her age was against her. Other medicines had failed. May tho
Lord bless those individuals who brought it before the market and public"
ORIENTAL
RUGS
AND A VARIETY OK
ART GOODS USEFUL FOR PRESENTS AT
AUCTION,
WITHOUT RESERVE. LIMIT OR SUBTER-
FUGE. COMMENCING -
TO-DAY AND DAILY AT 2 P. M.
SPECIAL EVENING SALE .
FRIDAY AXD SATURDAY AT 8 O'CLOCK.
The delayed shipments have arrived with my
entire stock, surpassing any heretofore ex-
hibited. Will be sold at any price they may
bring to give the public a fair opportunity to
secure beautiful TURKISH RUGS at nominal
prices for holiday gifts. Same rules to be ob-
served—start low, bid little and buy at any
prioe.
M. B. MIHRAN,
332 Post St., near Powell.
McCONNELL GIVEN THE \
DECISION OVER CAPEUSS
Hard Fighting Witnessed by Thoss
Present at the Reliance Club's
Function, fe
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— Frank McConnell
was to-night given the decision in a flf
teen-round go with Jack Capeliss at the
Reliance Athletic Club. There were three
events. The McConnell-Capeliss bout and
the ten-round one in which Tommy Gil
feather got the decision over "Spider"
Welch were two of the liveliest contests
ever witnessed in Oakland.
In the main event McConnell did all the
leading; and landed repeatedly over Cape-
% \^ /felpruneris
is the safest medicine a mother can possibly use on her
little girl or boy for sore throat, pains in the chest, colic, I I
sprains; bruises and insect bites. j j
T There isn't a harmful thing in a gallon' of Halpru- '
ner's— it won't blister the most sensitive skins, but goes !
right into the pores and warms up the body, drives out ' |
the pains and aches, soothes and allays all inflammation, !
gives the body strength and health. {
MOTHERS,
you can't afford to be without Halpruner's— surely you
, ought to have a bottle of this wonderful medicine in [
your home— have it always ready for the aches and pains
and bruises and sicknesses that are likely to come any |
hour of the day or night.
A Trial Treatment Free. |
To prove the remarkable merit of his wonderful medicine Dr
Halpruner Rives tml- treatments every afternoon between i and 4
°o nvc CX - Cep^ Satur^ vs a nd Sundays, at his/ office, third floor 1
28 California. street Telephone consultation also free. I
. All druj?CTsts should sell Halpruner's— if yours refuses to sup- I
ply you the Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Company. 28 Cali- I -,
n forma .street, ban Francisco, will send you a large bottle- by ore- I
jr^Jpaidexpressaue on receipt of $1.00. " y p I J
Announcement
Ji||ti PUBLIC
'»l.|vw7/ V f%ynso TO TOT FA4
\\ 1 \ ITvJI // TorabI* criticism and
U 1 VJ> j/- // many Inquiries r*c<5ive<J»
\j na from the mc<Slcal profession and other*
interested regarding our statement that the so-
called weakness of men to not a weakness, but
•yroptomt of Inflammation aZ the Prostata
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted
disorders aad early dissipation, and that Los*
Of Vitality. Prematrmnesa. etc., are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
thia Inflammation. w« wish to stats to thesa
many Inquiries, ln the columns of the press,
that It takes approximately ten weeks to cur*
these disorders of the male. The treatment Is
entirely a local one, u no dragging the stomach
Is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home under our direction. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the orrans, which we send free on applica-
tion to any. one Interested in the subject, will
be found a great advantage in "Home Diagno-
sis," as well as a study for all interested Is
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. IALCOIT & CU., 997 Market SU
DDTTCUI7C for barbers, bak-
fjXllJ Q Pi P|O ers, bootblacks, batn-
«w*»wwaa«- houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flourmiUs. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
4/t*. ■■■■ JfXx " Rifles. Ammunition, Flsh-
O I »1 tt" in« Tackle. Sporting. Out-
II g\l ing Goods. Largest StocH.
BUB 3lW-% Lowest Prices. Send tot
IB ILJ 1 H 1J Catalogue and Job Sh«>et.
%* %? U « 8HRE7B k BARBEH CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
llss' heart. Capeliss' specialty seemed to
be upper-cuts, which he introduced with
nearly every breakaway to the marring of
McConnell's face. It was flsht from start
to finish. Both men at different times
were almost out.
Capeliss saved himself by clinching.
Some of his tactics were perilously near
the foul limit, but deliberate intention not
being: evident the referee satisfied himself
•with warning the offender.
The ten-round go between "Welch and
Gilfeather was very even and as pretty
an exhibition as the most exacting ring
patron could ask for.
The first preliminary, between Bobby
Johnson and. Dick Cullen. ended with th«
beginning of the first round. Cullen got
a smart rap in the stomach, laid hlmsel"
carefully down at full length and re
mained recumbent until the referee count
ed ten.OPERA "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE"
HEARD HERE FOR FIRST TIME
Wagner Taxes the Physical Power of Grau Singers.
Salve's Farewell Takes Place To=Night.
BTT BLANCHE'PARTINGTON.
1DID not take my, prayer-mat down
to the opera-house last night to kneel
and listen; thus to "Tristan and
Isolde," as* Wagner's young adorers
in the Fatherland used to listen to
the new "Lohengrin/'- but I felt that-one
would have come in handily during the
evening. It is one of the world love
poems, fitted to music of the most In
timately beautiful sort, by the master mu
elclan at of his power. .Wagner's
genius finds here its most characteristic
expression, its ripest, noblest form, and
in all music there is nothing so unap
proachably lovely as some of its divine
measures. It Is an epic of the loves of
the elemental man and woman, primitive,
powerful, all-possessing, wedded to theme
and harmony that paint the lovely story
in all its -wealth of brilliant and subtle
suggestion with miraculous power. It Is
Hooded with color, dazzling and yet most
delicate, odorous half-tones and scarlet
otes of passion color dreamed, and the
iash of the brown of earth. Strange chro
natlc intervals dominate largely the mel
odic scheme of "Tristan and Isolde," and \
\\ agner obtains thus the distinctive effect
cf the music-drama. The characteristic
themes are almost all of this elusive char
acter, crystallizing the undertow of erne
uon, not personifying action. The music
orama is the eighth of the Wagnerlan se
ries to be given here, four of the "Ring"
cycle, "Die Fliegende Hollander," "Tann
hauser, "Lohengrin" and "Die Meister
singer the others, and it compares with
the rest as "Romeo and Juliet" compares
witn the other Shakespearean dramas,
the love story incomparable.
There was a poor house to greet "Tris
tan and Isolde" last night. The cast, de
spite its masculine strength, lacked on
the feminine side, and 6O, despite the nov
elty of the music drama, the crowd stayed
away. Van Dyck was the Tristan, and
was a stately and noble figure. He sang
as Van Dyck has never sung here before,
his voice holding. out to the last colossal
requirement of the role. Again his pow
erful dramatic faculty helped to make
an unforgettable portrait of the knight,
ana the whole measure of • Van Dyck's
attainment here is of the largest; The
scene when the love philter is • talten
aboard the ship, with its Quivering or
chestral accompaniment, was acted with
splendid power; the love scene in the
garden was filled in with an ardent and
dignified grace, and the scene where Tris
tan, dying, sees Isolde in a vision was
a marvelous bit of work. Tristan is a
long time dying— Van Dyck is credited
•with thirty-nine minutes as against the
conventional forty— but the singer holds
the interest in a truly remarkable fash-
Ion. He is a pretty great man. Louise
Reuss-Belce we must be thankful for, as
without her the opera could not have
eeen heard here. She Is one of the few
fingers who can attempt the tremendous
;ple % and really did some . surprisingly
strong work last night; but the voice—
£ard, strained, shrill— hurts the ear, and
one can only surmise what it may have
been once and regret that its day has
gone. But she has undoubted power, lifts
to a. fine climax and acts, if not always
with fine art. at least with sincere and
earnest intention. The effort of memory
alone is immense, and altogether Reuss-
Belee's work last' night is entitled to a
sincere respect.
Mr. Bispham's Kurvenal was another
excellent portrait in the Bispham gallery,
and his vibrant, sympathetic voice was a
particularly valuable addition to the ef
fect. De Reszke was Marke, and in
noble voice and form. He was a. mag
nificent picture as usual, -and delivered
his epic of reproach to Tristan with a
splendid strength and dignity. Louise
Homer again showed what she can do, and
more, what she some day is going to do
In *he music drama as Brangene. She
sang. with delightful sympathy and acted
with considerable truth of inspiration.
Damrosch conducted with acclamation,
and others who added were Mr. Muhl
mann as Melot- and j Mr. ' Reiss. whose
clear, pleasant voice came in valuably in
a shepherd's nart.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: From
San Francisco— W. Bradford, at the Her
ald Square: M. D. Garratt, at the Man
hattan; F. J. Raymond, at the Raleigh.
From Los Angeles^ — C. A. Canfield, at the
ICetherlands. From San Jose — J. W.
Kiley, at the Herald Square. *"
Exhibition of Lantern Slides.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California Camera Club was held last
night in the clubrooms. At the conclusion
of the meeting camera slides from the
Bethlehem Photographic Society and the
Montclair, Montreal. Oregon and Califor
nia Camera clubs were displayed.
Entertain Little Sufferers.
The juvenile pupils of Miss Bessie Dun
can gave a piano recital last Friday after
noon at the Little Jim "Ward of the Chil
dren's Hospital. The little sufferers in
the hospital were pleased with the enter
tainment.
Commissioners' Sleeting Postponed:
The meeting of the Police Commission
ers, which was to have been held last
night, was postponed until next Friday
night, when many important matters will
come up.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
LOOK IT UP.
Perhaps Coffee Is the Cause of Your
Trouble.
Eating or drinking the wrong kind of
food or beverage will set up disease - If
persisted in. That is particularly true of
the more starchy foods and coffee. The
trouble may show in a variety of differ-
ent ways., . . ' ."
" It is safe to say that if one Is ailing in
any part of the body reached by the
nervous system, it would be of ad-
vantage to euch a one to exchange cof-
fee for Postum Food Coffee, and quit
much use of white bread and take on
Grape-Nuts Breakfast Food.
A" New Tork man's experience is worth
knowing. He says: "I was for a long
time troubled with general weakness and
loss of ambition, without knowing the
cause. Always after eating I would find
myself practically helpless, and when I
reached home at night could only find re-
lief after dinner by throwing myself on
the. lounge and hardly speaking a dozen
words to my family the entire evening,
and as a last resort go to. bed.
•'I could look back to the days when I
was athletic and full of ambition, but
what made the change I could not figure
out. I lost eighteen pounds of flesh, and
eeemed to be entering a chronic state of
invalidism. »
"One day my eye caught the argument
in one of the advertisements of Postum .
Food Coffee, and it occurred to me that
perhaps coffee was getting In its work
on me without my knowledge. At any
rate I must do something, so I quit drink-
ing coffee altogether and took on Postum,
and also began the use of Grape-Nuts
Breakfast Food. In a short time I- be-
gan to enjoy life again; found myself run-
ning upstairs two steps at a time, and a
general return of energy, ambition and
etrength. I not only regained my eight-
een pounds, but put seven more on top
of It. Now we always have Grape-Nuts
and Ppstum each meaL The children
drink the Food Coffee as well as wife and
myself, and I will guarantee there is no ;
healthier family in New York.— Phil. M.
Farley, 180 Williams street, New York."
TWOVOCAL STARS OF-THE GRAU GRAND OPERA COMPANY WHO
SANG LEADING ROLES LAST EVENING IN WAGNER'S FAMOUS
-..- COMPOSLTION,;"TRISTAN^UND ISOLDE." ...... i . -
FOR the first time in this city
Wagner's opera, "Tristan and
Isolde," was heard last evening
at the Grand Opera-house by an
audience that was very small,
considering the importance of the produc
tion.
Though the many vacant seats would
ordinarily discourage the artists, those
who sang last evening did so with re
markable vigor and impressed the audi
ence by the physical power they dis
played.
That which pleased the audience last
night was not the music, but the man
ner in which the singers were able to
sustain the arduous troies. van Dyck, in
the role of Tristan, was called upon in
the last act to recount the story of his
life, and did so for the space of thirty
nine minutes. • •
Reuss-Belce and Louise Homer, with
Eispham, Muhlmann, Bars, Reiss and
De Reszke, also figured in the cast and
sang the difficult music as if it were an
every-day occurrence.
It was the'geneTal opinion, expressed in
the lobby between..acts, that in "Tristan
and Isolde" Wagner had eclipsed himself
in the orchestration. The weird music
produced by the orchestra under Dam
rosch was listened to most carefully.
There was no spontaneous applause in
the middle of scenes, for the music of the
opera is of the heaviest kind and most
impressive. . _ \'rL<'li.
The plot of the opera deals with the
love of Tristan, a Cornish knight, for
Isolde, a Princess of Ireland. He is act
ing as her escort on the journey she Is
making to Ireland to become the bride of
King Mark, uncle of Tristan. Isolde loves
Tristan and in despair at his coldness,
due to a blood feud, she attempts to.poi
son him and herself. Her . attendant
changes the poisoned cup for one con
taining a love potion. Tristan and Isolde
drink the draught and declare their love.
In the second act Isolde is the wife of
King Mark, but holds meetings with
Tristan. • Melot, a Jealous friend of Tris
tan, betrays him to the King. The guilty
ASKS INCREASE
IN SALARIES
Attorney General Says
Judges Should Be
Better Paid. : :
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 3.— The
Attorney General's annual report to Con
gress shows that there was an increase
of thirty-one cases docketed during the
year in the United States Supreme Court
appellate docket and a decrease of three
in the number disposed of, leaving 336 re
maining on the docket at the close of the
year. The number of cases actually con
sidered by the court was 36S, of which 179
were argued orally and 152 submitted .on
printed briefs. Of the 368 appellate cases
disposed of 132 were affirmed, fifty-seven
reversed, fifty-seven dismissed, twenty
eight settled by the parties.
The report shows that during the' year
there -were 4641 United States prisoners
eervlng ' sentences in penitentiaries ; » 1611
were discharged 'during, the year and 1650
were received; forty-one died and-sixty
three were pardoned. Of this number re
ceived 1378 were born In the United
States and 278 were foreign-born; 1620
males and thirty females: 1171 could read
and write; thirty-two could read only and
457 could neither read nor write. :
The Attorney General urges an increase
in the appropriation for; a new Depart
ment of Justice building; suggests that
Congress consider the advisability of
adopting: a new and | uniform system of
commutation with respect to Federal
prisoners, and recommends that the sal
aries of United States .Judges be in
creased. He also urges legislation de
fining, the methods by -which additional
testimony may be taken before~the Span
ish Treaty Claims Commission and asks
THIV SAST FRAN^^ 1901. '
CALVE FAREWELL
OCCURS TO-NIGHT
IN BIZET OPERA
"CABMEN."
By Bizet.
Carmen Mme. Calve
Frasquita. .Miss Bauermeister
Mercedes. .Miss Van Cauteren
Mica ela.. Miss Suzanne Adams
Don Jose. Mr. Salignac
Zuniga .Mr. Declery
Morales .Mr. Dufriche
Dancairo ...Mr. Giliberc
Remendado. ........ .Mr. Beiss
Escamillo Mr. Scotti
Conductor, Mr. Flon.
couple are surprised by the King and
Tristan is mortally wounded in battle
with Melot. The wounded knight is car
ried to his home by his faithful attend
ant, Kurvenal. Isolde follows her lover,
who dies in her arms. King Mark comes
on the scene, prepared to unite the lov
ers, but arrives too late. Isolde dies by
her lover's side, while the King invokes
a blessing on the dead. couple.
To-night Calve will make her farewell
appearance In "Carmen." Sybil Sander
son will be unable to appear as Mlcaela,
and the. role will be sung by Suzanne
Adams. Salignac will sing. Don Jose and
Scotti is to appear as the toreador. To
morrow afternoon "Tannhauser" will be
given, with Gadskl, Dippel, Reuss-Belce
and Bispham in the cast.
• The season terminates to-morrow Even
ing with "Le Nozze di Figaro"— Eames,
Sembrlch, Campanarl, Scheff and De
Reszke in the cast.
TAKES SMUGGLER
OFF A STEAMER
Doric Sails^ for Orient
Without One of Her
Chinese Crew. >
Joseph Alexander and George Alexan
der, arrested for smuggling silk caps and
other dutiable articles off the steamer
Doric, were taken before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yesterday
morning and were released on $500 bonds.
The Doric sailed yesterday minus 'Leong
How, her sailmaker, who sold a lot of
smuggled goods to the Alexanders. Leong
is a member of th© crew and not entitled
to land in the United States, and for that
reason It was thought inadvisable to arrest
him, lest complications should arise be
cause of the provisions of the exclusion
act, but it was finally decided that his
being arrested for a violation of the rev
enue laws of the United States would be
proper as a protective measure, and on
complaint of Customs Inspectors J. B.
Peppin a warrant was issued by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock for
the sailmaker' s apprehension.
STABBED IN THE ARM.— During a quar
rel over a.' game of cards last night at -416
Broadway, a fisherman named Regantl stabbed
Charles Cartelll in the left arm. The injured
man was taken, to ... the Central Emergency
Hospital, where his wound , was dressed • by
Dr. MrElroy. .'• ,; £ ' • .'
for increased appropriations ( for the ex
penses of the commission. It also recom
mends the establishment of an insular
and territorial bureau of the Department
of Justice. :
WINTER JUNKET
NOT DEMANDED
Occupation of the Exclu
. sion Committee
Is Gone.
Budd, Phelan and Beale* May
Remain Here to Ed joy
the . Climate.
/ ■ -% •■
The Oregon Supreme Court holds that
the primary election law of that State is
constitutional. The law was enacted by
the Oregon Legislature after the Supreme
Court of this State had declared the
Stratton ' primary law unconstitutional,
and it differs but t little from the present
primary election "law of. California. : It
contains what Is known as the party tesi,
or the provision which requires the voter
to designate the party ballot. The poli
tical bosses In this State who are schem
ing to overthrow the present primary law
contend that the so-called party test pro
vision renders the act unconstitutional.
They boast that our Supreme Court will
declare the act invalid on the ground that
it violates the secrecy of the ballot. .. Re
cent activity of the bosses to get posses
sion Of the County Committee' of San
Francisco created the suspicion that a
scheme had been hatched to assail the
law, and p'ave the way for the appoint
ment of delegates to the next Republican
State Convention. In the light of the Ore
gon decision touching the constitutional
ity of an act similar to the California
law there is good reason for predicting
that the bosses and not the primary law
will be knocked out if the case goes to
our Supreme Court:'.
Chinese Exclusion Settled.
The Democrats, must bring forward a
new Issue for the next campaign in" this
State. The question of Chinese exclusion
has been settled by President Roosevelt.
A law prepared jointly by Mr. Powderly,
Commissioner of Immigration, and the
California delegation in Congress will be
passed early in the session and secure
the immediate approval of the chief exe
cutive of the nation.
The folly ol the chairman of the late
Exclusion Convention in garbling the
message wired by Representative Need
ham is now obvious. Had the dispatch
in its true form been presented a junket
ing committee of live to visit Washing
ton would not have been authorized. The
delegates were led to believe that a bitter
fight against exclusion was inevitable.
Mr. Needham's telegram in its true test
gave Just the contrary intelligence, but
the assuring clause of his message was
withheld from the convention.
No Use for Junketers.
As there is no opposition in Congress
to exclusion of the coolie Chinese it will
not be necessary for Geary's committee
of four Democrats and one high toned
Republican to proceed to the national cap
ital at the expense of the public. Ex-
Governor Budd may be delighted when
he reflects that he will not be, obliged to
neglect for even a day his arduous duties
as attorney of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners. He can stay right
Where he Is on the water front ana advise
against the ravages of the teredo.
Truxton Beale will not be constrained
to l'orego the pleasure of life in Burlin
game during the holidays. He can remain
here in the fullest enjoyment of the Cali
fornia climate with perfect assurance that
Congress will legislate wisely.
Mayor Phelan will not be oblieed to
abandon his preparations for a foreign
tour in order to assist the President of the
United States and the members of the Sen
ate and House of Representatives in deal
ing with the important subject of foreign
immigration. On his way to Europe, at
his own expense, Mr. Pnelan may have
the opportunity of visiting Washington,
paying his respe'ets to President Roosevelt
and congratulating the latter on the re
enactment of exclusion. In bestowing
credit where credit is due, the Mayor, of
course, will not neglect Senators Bard and
Perkins or Representatives .Loud, Need
ham, Metcalf, Kahn, Woods.'Coombs and
McLachlan. , • .
The Souvenirs Remain.
Members of the junketing committee; ap
pointed by Mr. Geary have beautiful sou
venirs of the promised expedition. Each
commltteeman can place in a gilded frame
the commission issued to him by Gov
ernor Gage. In the future the commission
will call to mind that Gage was Governor
of the State. To preserve the hormonies
the frame might be wrought and gilded
to resemble a gold brick, and then if time
should dim the signature of Gage, the
sign of the brick would attest the genuine
character of the souvenir." , ; .
Geary Names Committees.
Thomas J. Geary has selected a finance
and press committee to assist in the fight
which Is being made against Chinese im
migration. ■'•■ The* committees are as fol-
Finance— A. Sbarborp, A. G. Fisk. E. E.
Schmitz. Ed Rosenberg; M. P. Snyder,
Los Angeles; T. T. Williams, J. P. Young,
John D. Spreckels, Hugh Hume, R. A.
Crothers. . , ; ' . ~.
p ress _Walter : Macarthur, Thomas
Barry; E. E. Leake, Woodland; . J. H.
Wilkins, San Rafael, and Guy Lathrop.
POLICE COMPLIMENTED
FOB, EFFICIENT SEBVICE
Sergeant Gorman's Grand Opera
■Hack Squad Beceives Com
mendation.
Police Sergeant Gorman and his squad,
who 'have had; charge of the carriages at
the Grand Opera-house during the pres
ent opera season, are being. complimented
for the efficient manner in which they are
handling the crowd. The following Is a
sample of the many letters that have
been 'received at police headquarters in
reference to their work:
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2, 1901.
Mr. George W. Wittman, Chief of Police,
City My Dear Sir:" Officially you have un
doubtedly been accustomed to complaints, and
it is with • pleasure that -I send a few words
of praise for some members of your force, Ser
geant Gorman and his assistants. , ' ..
The way in which the arrival 'and departure
of carriages during the season at the Grand
Opera has been handled Is deserving of more
than passing notice. Never before have I heard
such universal praise and I am sure you will
be glad to have an opinion expressed by many
brought to your notice as an auspicious omen
for your new regime. Very truly yours,
W. B. BOURN.
What CALVE:
WEBERWANOS
"Among all the Instruments of the
renowned makers,.' here .and abroad, 1 1
tb-day prefer the Weber,- because ■ 01
its sympathetic tone quality." . ■ .
; ■ EMMA CALVE.' .'
Weber pianos used " exclusively by
the Grau Opera Company.
The increased demand for ■ Weber
pianos hasrcompelled lis to add fan-
other wareroom \ to our large floor
space for Weber -. pianos exclusively.
Three carloads just arrived. ■ inspect
tlon Invited. / ;
CLARK WISE & CO.,
\'Cor. Geary St and Grant 'Avo.
,£ OLE AGENTS.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. <
Continued From Page Five.
among men" — the . Congress has from time to
time given it other important functions. Such
trusts. have been executed by the institution:
with notable: fidelity. There should be no halt
in the "work of the institution,, in accordance
with the plans which its secretary has pre
sented, for the preservation of the vanishing
races of great North American animals in the
National Zoological Park. The urgent needs
of the National Museum are recommended to
the favorable consideration of the Congress.
Perhaps the most i characteristic educational
movement of the past fifty years is that which
has created the modern public library and de
veloped it Into broad and active service. There
are now over five thousand public libraries in
the United States, the product of this period.
In addition to accumulating material, •■ they
are also striving by organization, | by improve
ment In method, -and by co-operation, to give
greater efficiency to the material they hold,
to make: it more widely useful, and by avoid
ance of unnecessary duplication in process to
reduce the cost of Its administration.
In these efforts they, naturally look , for as
sistance to the Federal library, which though
still the Library of; Congress, and so entitle'!,
is the one . national library of the United
States. Already the largest single collection
of books on the Western Hemisphere, and cer
tain to ■ increase more rapidly than any other
through purchase, exchange and . the operation
of the copyright law, this -library has a unique
opportunity to render to. the libraries of this
country— to American scholarship— service of
the highest importance.. It 19 housed. In a
building which Is the largest and most magni
ficent yet. erected for library uses. Resources
are now ■ provided which will . develop the col
lection properly, equip it with the apparatus
and service necessary to its effective use, ren
der its bibliographic work .widely available,
and enable it to become not merely a center
of research but the . chiet ractor in great co-:
operative efforts for the diffusion of knowledge
and {the advancement of learning.
For the sake of good administration,, sound
economy and the advancement of science the
Census Office as now constituted . should be
made a permanent Government bureau.. This
would insure better, cheaper and more satis
factory we-rk, in -the interest not -only -of our
business but of statistic, economic and. social
science. ?« '
POSTAL SERVICE
STILL EXPANDS
Success of the Rural Free
Delivery So Marked That
the Demand for Extension
Is Considered General and
Urgent.
The remarkable growth of the postal service
Is shown in the fact that its revenues have
doubled and its expenditures have nearly
doubled within twelve years. Its progressive
development compels constantly increasing
outlay, but In this period of business energy
and'prosperity Its receipts grow so much fas:er
than its expenses . that the annual deficit has
been steadily reduced from $11,411,779- in 1S37 to
$3,923,727 in 1901. '. Among recent postal ad
vances the success of rural free delivery wher
ever established has .been so marked, and
actual experience has made its benefits eo
plain, that the demand for its extension is
general and urgent.
' It is Just that the great agricultural popula
tion should share in the . improvement of the
service. The number of rural routes now in
operation is 6009, practically all. established
within three years, and there are 6000 applica
tions awaiting action. It is expected that the
number In operation at the close of the current
ftecal year will reach 8600. The mall will then
be daily carried to the doors of 5,700,000 of our
people who have heretofore been dependent
upon distant offices, and one-third of all that
portion of the country which is adapted to It'
will be covered by. this kind of service.
The full measure of postal progress which
might be realized has Ions been hampered and
obstructed by the heavy burden imposed on
the Government through the intrenched and
well-underctood abuses which have, grown up
in connection ■' wltH second-class j mail ■ matter.
The extent of this burden appears when it is
stated that' \ while . the second-class matter
makes, nearly three-fifths of .the weight of all
the mail, it paid for the last fiscal year only
$4,294,445 "of the aggregate postal revenue of
5111,631,193. 'if the pound rate of postage,
•which produces the large \ loss thus entailed,
and which | was fixed by * Congress ■ with the
purpose of encouraging the dissemination of
public information, were limited to the legiti
mate newspapers and 'periodicals actually con
templated by the law, no just exception could
be taken. That expense would be the recog
nized and accepted cost of a liberal public
policy deliberately adopted fcr a justifiable' end.
But much of the matter which enjoys the priv
ileged rate. is wholly outside of the intent of
the law,' and has secured admission only
through " an ' evasion of its requirements or
through lax construction. The proportion of
such wrongly included matter Is estimated by
postal experts to be one-half of the whole vol
ume of second-class mail: If it be only one
third • or " one-quarter, the magnitude of the
burden Is' apparent. The Postofflce Department
has now undertaken to remove the abuses so
far as is possible by a stricter application of
the "law; and it should be sustained in Jts
effort.' ' ' . : ■ ' > /
•* — — r - i - H*
KEEN INTEREST
REGARDING CHINA
Settlement Made After the
Anti-Foreign Dcvwnstra
l tionsj Is Satisfactory to
America and Insures tn
. creased Commerce, in the
Orient.
Owing to the rapid growth of our power, and
our interests on the Pacific, , whatever happens
I SHE PUT I
|iIE& ; :FOOT
ilNvIT' ;
I for the' first time.
I . Rather a pleasant
I surprise this, for it
I happened to be the
I . . Other' surprises f ol-
I lowed— on see'ng
1 "SOROSIS"; in; loo/
I . ..varieties and ; ail .
I "leathers. .....:,
I A shape for every
1\ type of foot, a style
I for every occasion.;. •
,■-' SECOND SHOE STORE FROM MABKET. ; .
"'- ' ■ ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ .
Ij CAPT. CHARLES KING. Brig.. Ctn.. U*S. V. * |
HI is one 0/ a long list of '„■"■ . " '.. . % '.
I Three Hundred Authors.
H STATESMEN. SCIENTISTS, HISTORIANS,
■ -a-, STORY-WRITERS, POETS, HUMORISTS, • „,
D $77% EDUCATORS AND MEN OF LETTERS, Yft^V
K UNk & who will contribute their best work to ' t*SL$
1 The Youth's Companion T^
3 ... TOR 1902...
1 . Making it fuller and richer than any prsvl-
3 ous volume. Among these writers win be: •
P Hon. John D. Long. Sarah B. Elliott Sir Henry M. Stanley.
Wu Ting-fang. ; Winston Churchill. Prof. C A. Young.
% Poultney Bigelow. Gen. Charles King. - Alice Brown.
I Julian Ralph. Justin McCarthy. Rider Haggard,
frank R. Stockton. Admiral Hichborn. Lillian Nordica. .
Illustrated Announcement, telling all about
£**Q\ the New Volume, with Sample Copies of £0*^1
SWJE the Paper, sent FI^E to any address. hQ^jB
_\ New Subscriptiohr Offer. ; % ■$.
Every New Subscriber who will mention this !
publication or cut out this slip and send
it at once with $1.75 will receive :
FREE- All the issues for the remaining weeKs
of 1901.- - , . . , v . - "I
FREE— Christmas and New Year's Numbers.
FREE— The Companion Calendar for 1902.,
lithographed in 12 colors and gold. . J., . . .
The Companion for 52 weeJis. of 1902 — 250. \% '- . i
stories. 50 special' articles, etc., etc. > ±
.From now until Jan., 1903, for $1.75. aassst "■/*
gj&jrytf&tt- The Youth's Companion,- "Boston. Mass. V xpJCJf*&& Ij
in China must be of the keenest national con
cern to us. .' ■
.The general terms of the settlement of the
questions growing out of the anti-foreign upris
ings In China of 1900, having been formulated
in a Joint note addressed to China by the rep
resentatives of the injured powers in Decem
ber last, were promptly accepted by the Chi
nese Government. After protracted conferences
the plenipotentiaries of the several powers were
able to sign a final protocol with the Chinese
plenipotentiaries; on th» 7th of last September,
setting forth the measures taken by China in
compliance with the demands of the joint note,
and expressing their satisfaction therewith. It
will be laid .before . Congress, with a report
of tHe plenipotentiary on- behalf of -the United
States, William Woodvllle Rockhill, to whom
high praise is due for thertact. good Judgment
and energy -he 'has .displayed in; performing an
'exceptionally difficult and^ delicate task.' , :
\ ftThe agreement reached disposes of the va
rious grounds of complaint in a manner satis
; factory to' the powers and' will* contribute ma
terially ■ to ■ better future relations between
China and the powers. Reparation has been
made by China for the murder of foreigners
during the uprising and puiiishment ■ has;,"bee'n
inflicted on the officials, however hlgb,-In rank,
'recognized as responsible for". -'or, haying particl
! pated in the outbreak. Official examinations
have been forbidden for a ;iperiod 'ot five years
In all cities in which foreigners have been mur
dered or cruelly treated, and edicts 'have been
issued making all officials :*iirectly. responsible
for the future safety of foreigners and for. the
suppression of violence against them.
Provisions have been
-♦ made- -for insuring the
I , . future saf tey .of the f or-
Provislon.i for eign" representatives In
Insuring: the.. Peking by setting aside
-' safety of all. for their exclusive use
< foreigners at a Quarter Of the r city
Peking. .which the powers, can
' ' j . make ■ defensible ' and
■jf , ; : r-f- in which, they can* If
necessary maintain per
manent military guards; by dismantling the
military works between the capital and the
sea;- and by allowing the temporary mainte
nance of foreign military posts along this line.
An edict has been issued by the Emperor of
China prohblting for two years the' importation
of arms and ammunition.' into China. China
has agreed to pay adequate, indemnities to the
states, societies and individuals for the losses
sustained by them, and for the expenses of the
military expeditions sent by the- various pow
ers to protect life and restore order.
Under the provisions of the Joint. note of De
cember, 1900, China has agreed to revise the
treaties of commerce and navigation ! and to
take such other steps for the -purpose of facili
tating foreign trade as the foreign powers may
decide to-be needed. »-~ »____.■,». _. -.
■ The Chinese' Government 'h"as" agreed", to par
ticipate financially in/ the work of bettering the
water approaches to Shanghai, and. to" Tientsin,
the centers of foreign tirade 1 -.. In.. 'CenYral and
Northern China, anil «r> ; in'^prTifttfr";^!-' cft nuerv-
Ancy board, in -which the. Chinese 'Government
Is largely represented, has been 'provided for
the improvement of the; Shanghai River and the
control of its navigation. In the same line: of
commercial advantages a . revision of the pres
ent tariff on Imports has been assented to for
the purpose of substituting specific for ad" valo
rem duties, and an expert has been sent abroad
on the part of the United States to assist in
this work. A list of articles to remain free 'of
duty. Including flour, cereals and rice, gold and
silver coin and bullion, has also been agreed
■upon in the settlement. •
During these troubles our Government has
unswervingly advocated moderation; and has
materially aided in bringing about an adjust
ment which tends to enhance the - welfare of
China and to lead to a more beneficial inter
course between' the.' .empifp" and'- the i* modern
world; while in the Critical- period.; of revolt
-and massacre we did. our -full share in safe
guarding, llf^e.and. property^-restpring «rder and
vindicating the national interest and-'hbnor. . It
behooves us to continue in these paths, doing
what lies' in our power to foster- feelings ;of
-good will, and leaving no effort untried to work
out the great policy of full and fair Intercourse
between China and the nations, on a footing:
of equal rights and advantages to all. We
advocate-the "open door" with all that it im
plies; not merely the procurement of- enlarged
commercial opportunities on the coasts, but ac
cess to the Interior by the waterways with
which- China has been so extraordinarily fa-.
vored. Only by bringing the people of China
into peaceful and friendly community of trade
. with all the peoples of the earth can the work
In the attainment of this purpose we.-neces
sarily claim parity of treatment, ' under the
conventions, throughout the empire ,for 'bur
trade and our citizens with those of alt other
powers. -^_- ' .'. - •.-.-■« •; i.'"i' ,
OUR RELATIONS \\
WITH MEXIOO-
President Views the Pan- \
American Congress With j
■Lively Interest and Keen
Hopes of Beneficial ■ Re- '■
suits ■ — Great Britain's -
Deep Sympathy.
. "We view with lively, interest and keen hope
of beneficial results the proceedings of the Pan
American Congress, convoked at the lnvltatloi
of Mexico, and now sitting: at the Mexican capl
tal. The delegates of the United States ar
. under the most liberal instructions to eo
operate; ;■ with" their^ colleagues in -all matter
promising advantage to the great family of
American commonwealths, as well in their re
lations among themselves as in their domestic
advancement and in their Intercourse with the
world at large. '
My predecessor communicated to Con
gress the fact that the Well and La Abra
awards against Mexico have been, adjudged by
the highest courts of our country to have been,
obtained through fraud and perjuryon the part
of the claimants, and that In accordance with.
the acts of the Congress the money remaining
in the hands of the Secretary of State on these
awards has been returned to Mexico. A con
siderable portion of the money received from
Mexico on these awards had been paid by this
Government to the claimants before the de
cision of the courts waa rendered. My judg
ment .is . that Congress should return to
Mexico an amount equal to the sums thua al
ready paid to the claimants.
The death of Queen Victoria caused the people
of the United. States deep and heartfelt sor
row, to which the Government gave full ex
pression. When President McKlnley died our
nation in turn received from every quarter, of
the British empire . expressions .of grief., and
sympathy no less sincere. The death of the
Empress Dowager Frederick of Germany, also
aroused the genuine sympathy of the American
people; and this sympathy was cordially re
ciprocated by Germany when the President waa
assassinated. Indeed, from every quarter of.
the civilized world we received, at the time
of the President's death, assurances of such
grief and regard aa to touch the hearts of our
people. In the midst of our affliction we rev
erently thank the Almighty that we are at
peace with the nations of mankind, and we
firmly intend that our policy shall be such, as
to .'continue unbroken these international rela
tions of mutual respect and good will.
THEODORE nOOSEVKLT.
White House. December 3, 1901.
[MUSIC I
I HUD st below \ \
«| V-rUlVcannotfail I;
iS'-tobe of service to I :
§ you. The articles I]
« mentioned are most Mi
% appropriate and will, SL
ejj be thoroughly appre- ||
J| ciated by the receiv- |l .
S er. All guaranteed, y
rg Music Boxes,.-. .60 N
jgj| Mandolins- ....'. .$3.00 «
;« Guitars 3.85 M
jSj Banjos 3-75 Jj
]S> Zithers 3.50 j|
»$K Autoharps 1.95 ||
Mi- Violins .............. 2.00 |f]
& Violin Cases......... 1.25 |
3f Music Rolls 50 a
>§s Cornets 8.00 B
W Drums .............. ..60 . 9
£(£-/ Edison Phonographs.. 10. 00 II
"]£? - - .Or everything "knoAvn in ;B
music." < "A - visit' to t ..our •,■
|» store will surely aid you in" SL
*\§) -making selections. gl
WT Our Holiday Reductions fig
2» ";..in Pianos are now in ef-' ||
, A- . HEADQUARTERS, \ ' IS
& ; 28:O'FARRELIJ ST.W
•^.IA/^T..-HESS,. '
K0TAKT PD3/J0 151) ATT0RHIT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Glaus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 983. - ,
Residence 821 California St.. below PoweWV
Residence Telephone James 1S0L '
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
v SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged. %]'^
Shipment of $404,698 to China.
Wheat and Wheat freights firm.
Barley, Oats and Rye firm and Corn steady.
Hay and Feedstuff s zveak. -r-
Beans weak and dull, with little shipping.
Potatoes in large supply and weak. Onions rather quieter.]
Vegetable market sufficiently supplied and featureless.
Butter and Eggs lower again. Cheese easy.
Poultry weak under liberal receipts. Game about as be fore.-
Nothing nrj) in Fresh Fruits. / .
Dried Fruits in better demand and somewhat firmer..
Raisins selling fairly. . Walnuts almost cleaned up.
Provisions lower at Chicago and firmly held here.
Hides still in good shape for sellers.
Wool meets with a fair demand. Hops very quiet.
No further change in Beef , Mutton and Pork.
Lard Oil advanced.
Lumber trade reported active.
More activity in local stocks and bonds.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports of staple groceries at this port.dur
tng the first ten months of the year are as
follows, compared with the same period In 1900:
Of sugsr, £,999,100 lbs, valued at $238,160. against
148.046.SoO Ibg at $6,021,500 (in addition 560.270,500
lbs were received from the Islands this year);
of coffee, 42,715,520 lbs. at $4,582,300. against 22.
387.500 rbg at $2,368,100; of rice. 27,417,400 rbs at
$523.4S5. against 22,3S9,000 lbs at $667,325; of tea.
S.413,650 n>s at $1,103,350. against 13,417,970 lbs
at Jl, 715. 700. .— */.:' -
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail reports from New York say: "Currants
are very firm at 6@6%c for Amalias, with
every prospect of a strong market on the pres
ent basis for some time at least. Stocks are
light and additional supplies due to arrive
during the coming thirty days are not expected
to be large. Some further shipments are due
to reach the market by way of the Continent in
about a week. '• •"'■'-.
"There . was a heavy demand for Malaga
cluster raisins for the Thanksgiving trade and
the quantity of these goods still on the spot
is very light. Valencia layers continue In quite
good demand and prices are unchanged at 7@
7%c Domestic raisins are in fair request.
Four-crown loose Muscatels are very scarce and
held firm at 6%c. Fancy seeded in cartons are
quoted from 7%<§7%c, but there is more call tor
choice, which sell around 7c.
"Demand for layer tigs continues excellent
and the market is on a very firm basis. Lay
ers of good quality sell freely from 9%@12c.
Low grades are temporarily well cleaned up,
selling mostly around 8%c. Pulled are in good
supply and in light request, holders asking
from V-'iVic. Bag tigs are wanted by bakers,
good quality meeting 'with active demand from
5<g5Hc For the poorer grades 4@4%c is gen
erally asked, with confectioners looking for
supplies at about %c less. Persian dates are
in lair demand for Salr and Khadrawi. but
Hallowi are poor and sell rather slowly. Hal
lowi are quoted from 2%@3%c, according to
holder. Peaches are steady, with quite a good
call for medium grades. Apricots continue
quiet and unchanged. Prunes are not very
plentiful and meet with fair demand. The
feeling en the coast Is firmer and few Santa
Claras are now offered at less than a 3c basis.
Offers on a 2%c basis for 40-50s and 50-60s were
reported turned down on Wednesday.
"The local trade is considerably disturbed by
a report that the syndicate of coast packers
controlling several hundred cars of very small,
old prunes on the coast will ship 200 cars to
this market around the Horn and pack and
sell the goods here themselves. Another rumor
has it that a lot of around 250 tons has been
purchased by a leading commission-house here
at $2 60 per cwt., delivered."
Activity in Lumber.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says: "There
has never been a more prosperous season for
the lumber trade circles of this State than
the one that the manufacturers and retailers
are enjoying at the present writing. Orders are
most plentiful, while prices are at the highest
tide they have been for some years past. The
mills are often forced to run overtime to keep
anywhere near their order books, while the
products of the many plants along the coast
and interior of California are being shipped
to all points of the world and to the Eastern
States, and the local field as well is extremely
exacting in its demands.
"There has been an advance of nearly $4 a
thousand made in the redwood for Eastern
shipment, while local prices are also advanc
ing, as the demand is far and away ahead of
the production. Shingles are also going out
of this State In large quantities and prices
are holding well along toward the maximum.
The Eastern dealers are learning what superior
qualities redwood possesses and the results are
being displayed in the run of orders which
the mills cannot begin to fill at this writing.
"The combination of manufacturing plants
for the purpose of increasing the facilities for
handling Eastern orders must come and come
eoon or the mills of the redwood belt will be
swamped with orders. Many of the latter are
being turned down or aside and this state of
affairs cannot last long without causing dis
satisfaction on the part of those concerns de
manding large and remunerative orders. Why
it is that the manufacturers cannot satisfac
torily realize this and take the steps to cir
cumvent any possible disaffection Irom any
source whatsoever is most surprising and hard
to realize from a business standpoint.
"The sugar and California white pine mills
are beginning to make their final month's cut,
for the snows will soon be on them. Heavy
profits have been the share of these pine mills
in the lumber circles of this State and the
owners are congratulating themselves on the
closing of a most successful season's work.
When the mills reopen next spring there will
be enough orders on thflr desks to keep the
saws humming for the entire year. These man
ufacturers are progressive and up-to-date in
their ideas of hew the trade should be handled
and the mills are proving great financial suc
cesses as a normal consequence. One mill
owner In the sugar pine belt told a represen
tative of this Journal that he had cleared
$88,000 this season, which is a splendid record
for the year. All in all Wood and Iron is not
diffident In prophesying that 1902 will be the
greatest year ever seen by the coast's lumber
men."
Weather and the Crops.
The weekly report of A, G. McAdle. section
director of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, is as' follows:
GEXERAL SUMMARY.
Unusually warm weather has prevailed in all
parts of the State during the week, with heavy
fogs along the coast and In the valleys. Rain
has fallen in all sections north of the Tehach
apl, varying from light showers in the south
ern part of the San Joaquin Valley to nearly
three inches in the northern coast counties and
parts of the Sacramento Valley. The rainfall
throughout the State is considerably less than
at this date. last year, but the precipitation has
been penile and penetrating, accompanied by
abnormally warm weather, and has doubtless
been as beneficial in most places as heavier
rainfall. Very little enow has fallen in the
mountains. As this report goes to press rain
Is falling In the northern and central portions
of the State.
Plowing and seeding are progressing except
in the sections where the heaviest rainfall has
occurred and many districts report that an
Increased acreage of wheat will be planted.
Early sown grain continues Its rapid growth
and is In excellent condition in all sections
Green feed Is unusually abundant In nearly all
places and stock is in splendid condition. Al
filerilla has made remarkable growth in So
noma - County.
Orchards and vineyards have been benefited
by the rains, and are in good condition. Tree
pruning is progressing:, but vineyardlsts are
waiting for cooler weather before commencing
work on the vines. Orange picking and ship
ping are progressing; the yield is reported very
good and the quality excellent.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The temperature
has been above normal during the week. Heavy
rain ttas fallen In all - parts of the valley,- in
some places amounting to , over two . inches.:
Conditions have been favorable for grass and
early sown grain, but the heavy rainfall re
tarded farm work in some sections. Plowing
and grain sowing will be ' resumed In a few
days If fair weather prevails. ■ Early sown
grain la growing rapidly and was never in bet
ter condition at this date. Green feed has. made
raaid growth and is abundant in all sections.
Stock Is in excellent condition. Orchards have
been greatly benefited by the- rain. Orange
picking and shipping are to progress.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.-Unusually
warm weather has prevailed in all sections,' ac
companied by heavy fogs and rain toward the
» close of the week. The rainfall In the central
and northern districts has been heavy, ' some
places reporting nearly three • inches and re
tarded farm work. In the southern counties
the precipitation was considerably lighter, but
sufficient to soften the soil cultivation and
plowing will soon be resumed In all places.
Early sown grain is In excellent condition and
growing rapidly. Green feed Is unusually
abundant and stock is In good condltlor
Alfilerilla is reported ten inches high in th>.
vicinity of Peachland. Lettuce and young
onions are being marketed, i Tree planting is
progressing and orchards are In good condition.
Orante shipments continue.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— The weather dur
ing the week has been • generally warm and
cloudy through the day. with cool nights and
heavy fogs. Rain has fallen throughout the
valley, greatly benefiting growing crops and
softening the soil for cultivation.-. Early sown
grain continues In excellent condition and green
feed is abundant. The wheat acreage will
probably be considerably greater than that of
last year. Plowing and seeding are progressing
rapidly. Vineyard work has been delayed by
continued warm weather. Orchards are in good
condition. Orange picking Is nearly completed;
the yield and quality are very good. The
orange groves in the vicinity of Reedley will
be increased during the coming season.
SOUTHERN- CALIFORNIA.-The weather
during the week has been generally clear and
warm, with unusually heavy fogs at night
along the coast. No rain has fallen, but the
heavy fo/.s have been of considerable benefit
to vegetation and have saved irrigation water.
Plowing and seeding are progressing slowly,
owing to lack of rain. Early sown grain is in
good condition and green feed is plentiful.
Potatoes are not doing well In Orange County
and blight is showing in some places. The
second crop of raisin grapes in San Diego
County is nearly ready for delivery to packing,
houses. ) Oranges are in good condition and
prospects are pood for a heavy crop. Olive
picking is progressing.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Plowing and
seeding continue, but the ground is getting
very dry. Rain is needed to soften the soil ;
also for feed and early sown grain. Orange
shipping Is progressing; splitting continues;
crop lighter than last year.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Abnormally warm
and rainy weather - during the past week.
Plowing, seeding and farm work are generally
suspended. .Feed wa s never better; stock is in
excellent condition.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) '
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 3— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls, to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-rour
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka is 11
R «* Bluff .is jioi 6!74
Sacramento 54 • 5.73 6 34
San Francisco 20 5.44 5!s5
Fresno Trace 2.09 5.10
Independence 00 1.33 2.10
San Luis Oblspo 00 4.44 9 94
Los Angeles 00 2.44 6.79 '
San" Diego 00 .75 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
61. minimum 53, mean 57.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 60-34 Omaha 32-28
Cincinnati 54-S2 Duluth IS- 8
Washington 64-44 Salt Lake City.... 50-40
Jacksonville 68-58 Chicago 86-30
Kansas City 36-2C St. Louis 38-34
New York 58-3S Philadelphia 62-45
THE COAST RECORD.
E g g B to "•
■s £n a ? & i
STATIONS. 3 ' ? g B 3 S JS " £
ilijiP f I
• z : : ■ : d
Aetcria 44
Baker. .. 38 \\\\\ \\\\\\ \\
Carson. 29.94 68 38 S Rain ' .10
Eureka*. 54
£f es n° 30.06 64 52 Se" Cloudy T.
Flagetaff 30.16 56 24 W Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello. Idaho ..36 ....
Independence. 29.98 58 34 W Pt Cldy '6'
Los Angeles 30.00 72 50 W Clear 0
Phoenix 30.00 76 42 NW Clear 0
Portland 48
Red Bluff 29.84 58 54 SE* Rain !«
Roseburg .. <g
Sacramento. ...... .29.98 58 84 SE Rain .*54
Salt Lake 30.06 48 40 S Cloudy 19
San Francisco 30.00 60 54 SW Rain 20
San Luis Obispo ..30.12 72 50 N Pt Cldy 0
San Diego 30.00 64 52 NW Cloudy 0
Seattle ;. .. 44 ,..„
Spokane 3$ '.'..'.'. ..'.
NeahBay 40
Walla Walla 40
Winnemucca 29.S2 C2 38 S Cloudy .06
Yuma 29.94 80 48 E Clear 0
San Francisco. Y a. m., temperature 54 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ' has fallen rapidly along the
coast from San Francisco northward, and a
moderate southeast Ftorm is evidently ap
proaching Northern California. High south
easterly winds are already • reported In the
Sacramento Valley. Reports from Eureka
are missing. .:. ->-V--
The temperature continues about 5 degrees
above the normal throughout most of Califor
nia. / . • .
Rain hes fallen from Tehachapl north.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Port Harford to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 4:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather with rain Wednesday: fresh to brisk
fcoutheast winds, high off i>hore.
Southern California— Cloudy, Wednesday,
probably rain; fresh southerly winds. .
Nevada— Rain Wednesday; high southerly
winds. . ■ ■ >TtTi vrt&t*in ' JM
• San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather, probably rain Wednesday; brisk
southerly winds. -~ -
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
• ' Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock . Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.-Confuslon and hesi
tation were reflected in the movement of stock
prices all day, and 'the course of the market
did not persist In one direction for any length
ened period. The .movement during the morn
ing was irregular but leaned to the side of de
pression, -which- gave. way. about .midday to a
vigorous upward movement when the abstracts
of the President's message made their appear
ance. A slump in Amalgamated Copper and
a rise In call money rates unsettled . the mar
ket again late In the day. as was the base
yesterday. The sympathetic reaction did not
carry the level of prices back below last night,
THE S AN FRANCISCO . CALL, WEDNESDAY , DECEMBER 4, 1 901 .
as will.be seen by consultation of last prices,
which shows net gains as a rule. There- wis
some recovery- from the lowest, due to the cov
ering by. room shorts at the last. The early
heaviness of the market was due to some con
tinued uneasiness over the anti-trust views
contained in, the President's message. The
general tenor of the message has been pretty
well understood for several days past and what
selling was induced by its contents had mostly
been accomplished before the publication. The
tone of deprecation of the haoit of appeal to
hatred and • fear - in the public arguments
against the so-called trusts seems to gratify
speculative sentiment and to ameliorate the
stock market effect of the recommendations for
regulation of the trusts. In consequence the
oemand to cover by shorts which followed the
publication of I the message carried the whole
market upward with considerable momentum,
the prices for the most prominent stocks ris
ing from 1 to 2 points over last night. The
sharp break In foreign exchange carried the
rate well below the gold export point and re
lieved apprehension that further gold would
go out this week. This helped the midday ral
ly in stocks, although call money rates were
distinctly firmer and maintained above ' the • 4
per cent level for the most part. The rise to
5 per cent again came late in the day and
brought out heavy offerings which forced the
rate back to the low level of the day. Money
was easier in London, Paris and Berlin. The
payments of drafts against deposits of several
millions of gold at Pacific Coast points is still
pending. The movement of Amalgamated
Copper continued an inscrutable mystery. The
stock recovered quite vigorously in the morn
ing, although the omission of a customary
extra dividend by one of Its subsidiary com
panies, was not generally known when the
market closed yesterday. The renewed break
In the copper market in London to about Sat
urday's low level seemed equally without ef
fect on the stock. The break to 71% later was
without explanation. The stock rallied slight
ly and -then became heavy again, but the gen
eral market closed ■ firm. -.
Bonds were irregular. Total sales, par .value,
$3,140,000.- ...... -, .■■'■■
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. .y '* .
- NEW TORK STOCK LIST. ■'.'--
Stock— * • Open High Low Close
Atchlson 28,100 79Ti - 78H 79%
AtchlBon pfd 5.900 100% ' 99% 5(9%
Baltimore & Ohio 4,400 104% 103% 103fr
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 100^ 95% '95% 95ft
Canadian Pacific 2,400 113% 113% 114%
Canada Southern 900 S6 85 So 1 *
Chesapeake & Ohio 6,200 48% 47% 48*
Chicago & Alton 1,000 36% 36 36:
Chicago & Alton pfd 77%
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 1,200 47% 47% 47%
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. 400 74 Vi 74% 74%
Chgo & Eastern 111..... ..... 135%
Chgo & Great Western. 3,400 24% 24 24%
Chgo & G W A pfd .... 87%
Chgo & G W B pfd 800 47% 46 47
Chgo & Northwestern .... .206-
Chgo, R I & Pacific 500 147 146% 147%
Chgo Term & Trans 200 19% 19% 19%
Chgo Term & T pfd.... 400 . 36 35% 35%
C C C & St Louis ..' 2,100 98 96% 97%
Colorado Southern 2,400 14% 14% 14%
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 100 67% 67% 67%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 500 27 27 27
Delaware & Hudson.... 900 174 174 174
Del, Lack & West 100 241 241 242
Denver & Rio Grande 45
Denver & R Grande pfd 100 93% 93% 93%
Erie 15,300 43% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd 2,800 72% 72% 72%
Erie 2d pfd » 1.100 58% 68 68
Great Northern pfd....'. 4,200 191% 189 190 .
Hocking Valley L800 63%- 62% 63
Hoiking Valley pfd 400 80% 80% 80%
Illinois Central 2,500 139% 138% 139%
Iowa Central- ............ 400 38% 38% 38
Iowa Central pfd ;.. "Jsr 74
Lake Erie & Western... 100 71% 71% 71
Lake Erie & "West pfd .... 128
Louisville & Nashville.. 33,100 109% 108% 108%
Manhattan Elevated 34,600 139% 137% 139%
Metropolitan St Ry 2,300 165% 164% 164%
Mexican Central 2,100- 24 23% .23%
Mexican National 300 14% 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 1C6%
Missouri Pacific 9,100 102% 100% 101%
Mo, -Kansas & Texas... 200 26% 26 25%
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd... 700 52% 51% 51%
New Jersey Central 181
New York Central. 16>300 169% 167% 168%
Norfolk & West, ex dlv 11.200 59% 58% 69%
Norfolk & Western pfd 200 92 92 92
Northern Pacific pfd.... 500 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western 6,300 35% 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 43.3C0 150%. 148% 149%
Reading 13.S00 50% 49% 49%
Reading 1st pfd 2,300 SO 79% 79%
Reading 2d pfd 11,400 60 58% 59%
St Louis & San Fran... 1,100 62% 62% 51%
Et Louis & S F 1st pfd. :..;. .... • .... 80V.
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 1,200 "71% 63% 70%
St Louis Southwestern '.... 26%
St Louis- Swestern pfd.. 700 60 59% 59
St Paul 33,600 167% 165% 166%
St Paul pfd A 200 190% 190 190
Southern Pacific. ........ 8,500 60% 69% 60%
Southern Railway 16.600 34% 33% 33%
Southern Railway ; pfd.. 6.800 S3% 92 92%
Texas & Pacific 3,400 39% 38% 39%
Toledo. St L & West 19
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. 300 32% 31% 31%
Union Pacific 71,200 102% 101% 102%
Unicn Pacific pfd 3.400 90 89% 89%
Wabash 2,000 22% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 1,100 40% 39% 40%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 100 18% 18% 18%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 29
Wisconsin Central 600 21% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 1,200- 43 42% 42%
Express companies-
Adams .... 190
American 202
United States .... 90
Wells-Fargo .... ISO
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper... 113, 800 74% 71% 72
Am Car & Foundry.... 2,600 29% 28% 29
Am Car & Foundry pfd 1,300 85% 84% 85
Am Linseed Oil 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd 47
Am Smelting & Refin.. 4,100 44% 42% 43%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd. 1,200 97% 96 96%
Anaconda Mining Co... 2,000 31% 30% 30%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 14,500 63% 61% 62%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 200 92 91 V4 91
Consolidated Gas .700 217% 216% 217%
General Electric 1.000 278 275% 276%
Glucose Sugar 100, 39% 39% 39%
Hocking Coal 500 18 17% 18
International Paper 600 21 20% 20%
International Pap pfd.. 100 77 77 76%
International Power ... 400 90% 89% 89%
Laclede Gas 92>,«
National Biscuit 200 43 43 42vb
National Lead 18%
National Salt .... .... 27
National Salt pfd 62
North American j .... .... 92
Pacific Coast 400 ' 78 . 77% 77%
Pacific Mail 1.700 47% 46 46'*
People's Gas 3,300 99% 98% 93%
Pressed Steel Car 600 42% 42% 42%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 7C0 85% 85 85%
Pullman Palace Car.... 100 216 216 215
Republic Steel S00 IS' 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 300 69% 69 69
Sugar 21,600 125% 123 123%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,100 64 63% 63%
Union Bag & Pap Co... 14%
Union Bag & P Co pfd 73 1 /-
United States Leather.. r,900 12% 11% 12
United States Leath pfd . 400 82% 82% 82'/*
United States Rubber.. 300 15%. 15% 15%
Untted States Rub pfd. 100 52 52 52
United States Steel 34,100 43% 42% 42 Ji
United States Steel pfd 31.500 93%. 92% 93
Western Union 2,100 91% 91% . 91%
Am Locomotive 0.900 32% 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd.... 2,000 83% 88 88
Total 6ales .713,100
NEW YORK BONDS,
U S ref 2s reg....l0S% L & N uni 4s.. ....102%
Do 2s coupon 10894 Mex Central 4s... 83%
Do 3s reg ....108%| Do 1st Inc.. .. 30%
Do 3s coupon 10S%:Mlnn & St L 4s.... 103
Do new 4s reg... 139% I M K & T 4s........ 98
Do new 4s coup..l39%l Do 2ds..... 81%
Do old 4s reg....lll%[N Y C lsts....;....lO5%
Do old 4s coup. ..112% Do gen 3%s .109%
DO 5s reg 107%lN J Cgen 58......131H
Do 5s coupon 107V«jN Pacific- 4s Io5»^
Atchlson gen 4s.. .103% Do 3s 82%
Do adj 4s... 94%!N & W con 4s 102%
B & O 4s ..103% Reading gen 4s.... 9<*%
Do 3%s 96% St L & I M con 5s.ll6%
Do conv 4s 105% St L & S F 4s.... 97%
Canada So 2ds. 109% St L Sthwst lsts.. 97
Cent of Ga 6s 100 Do 2ds........ 79%
Do 1st Inc...;.... 75 S A & A P 4s 89%
Ches & O 4%s 107% S Pacific 4s......... 93
Chicago & A 3%s.. 86% S Railway 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4s... 97%, Tex & Pac lsts 118%
C M & St P gen 4s.U2 1T0I St L & W. 4s.. 81
Chica< & N con 7s. 139 |U Pacific 4s ....106^4
C R I & P 4s 106%i Do conv 4s.. .....106
C C C & St L g 4s.lO2'/i Wabash. lsts... 118%
Chicago Term 4s.. 90H Do 2ds .......114%
Colo & So 4s.. 89% Do deb B.. ....... 61%
D & R G 4s. ..;... .103% West Shore 4s. ...113%
Erie prior lien 4s. .100% W & L E 4s 92
Erie gen 4s 90% Wis Cent 4s........ 89%
F W & D C lsts. .105% Con Tobacco 4s.... 6316
Hocking Vail 4%s.lO8 :■ ,
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.. 20,Little Chief... 62
Alice 45 Ontario 9 00
Breece 75 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 14 Phoenix ..06
Comstock Tunnel... 65 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va. 1 60 1 Savage ;...... 03
Dead wood Terra — 50 • Si erra Nevada 08
Horn Silver.... 1 90 Small. Hopes -40
Iron Silver 60 Standard .....:... 3 no
Leadville Con 05 ..-.. ' .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Do prefd 92%
Mining— . 7*.
Adventure '....-. 20
Allouez ...'..:.....„. 4
Amalgamated V.;.. 71%
Baltic .............. 44_
Bingham ......:.... 28-
Calumet & Hecla.,625
Centennial-....:.... 15%
Copper Range...:.. 64.
Dominion Coal..... 46\i
Franklin ; ...... 15
Isle Royale'.........,22
Mohawk 39%
03ceola ::....'...... 87%
Parrot 331^
Quincy ..'.. ....150.
Santa Fe Copper... 3%
Trimountain .:.'.'..~4O,
Trinity .:.....-..:.:. 25-
United> States.'.:/.. 14%
Money— ■
Call loans.... ..4©5
Time loans. ...:..... 4@5
Bonds — ,
Atchison 4s...: 102
Mexican Cent 4s... 81
N E Gas & Coke... 60
Railroads—
Atchlson 79
Do prefd ..'..." 99%
Boston & Albany.. 257 .
Boston & Maine... 189
Boston Elevated.. .165
NY N H & H.....213&
Union Paciflc..V.'...102
Mexican Central. ..- 23%
■ Miscellaneous — ■ '.
American Sugar... 123%
Amer.Tel & Tel. ..160.-,
Dominion I & S... 27%
General ! Electric;. .275%
Mass Electric 33 Utah ■ 22 -
•Do prefd.... .92" Victoria 6^4
N E Gas & Coke.." ; 5^ Wlnona .:.......... 22%
United Fruit 87% Wolverine: .i....... 67
U S Steel... 42% ' .'■
Northern, Securities Company.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser printed the following to-day: .
The persons identified with the control of the
Northern Securities Company declined to-day
to discuss the attacks which it- has been an
nounced are made on Its validity by' the Gov
ernors and Attorney Generals of , some North
western . States. According: to some of the
directors such attacks were and are expected,
and all that the persons interested In the com
pany will do is to waive all proceedings in
State or. lower courts, so far as possible, and
have the question raised as to the company s
rights carried before and ■ decided by the Su
preme Court of the United States as quickly
as possible. .
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: The stock
market was less firm to-day, although Invest
ment shares were harder. The American de
partment was unsettled on reports of gold ship
ments from your side and* on a relapse of £2
to the ton In copper to £58. .The opening was
lower, then prices seesawed -throughout - the
session, finally closing slightly above the
worst, owing to New York's afternoon pur
chases of Union Pacific and Southern Pacific.
Rio Tintos sold at 42. Silver sold .at 24 15-16d,
although there are signs of a rally. '
CLOSING.
LONDON Dec. 3.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchison,
81%; do pre'f erred, 102; Canadian Pacific, 116%;'
D & R G.. 46; do preferred. 96; Northern Pa
cific preferred, .103%; Southern Pacific, 61%;
Union Pacific, 104; do preferred. 92. .
Bar silver— Flat, 24 15-16d per ounce.
Money — 3%@3% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Money on call was
firm at 3%@5 per cent; last loan, 4% per cent;
ruling: rate, 4% per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 4V4©5 per cent. Sterling exchange was
weak, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 87%@4 87% for demand and at J4 88% for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 85@4 88%: commer
cial bills, $4 83%®4 84. Bar silver, 54c; Mexi
can dollars. 43c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds. Irregu
lar.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $167,591,206; gold,, $107, 510. 816.
New York Grain' and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
37,000 barrels; exports. 13.8C0 barrels; steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, - 121,600 bushels; exports.
23,900 bushels; spot, steady. No. 2 red. 84%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 82%c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were generally active and firm all
day with profit-taking on the bulges, especially
m the last hour, when offerings caused a re
action from the top. Further outside demand,
outside buying and a ■ strong corn market fur
nished the chief bull points. Closed unsettled
%©%c lower. May, S3 3-16@84%c, closed 83%c;
December, 81%@«2%c. closed 81%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
riiujiio — ote&uy.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy. No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, steady. Cordova. 7%@llc. Futures closed
steady at a net loss of 5<g 10 points. Sales,
10,250 bags, including: December. 6.45c; Janu
ary, 6.50c; March, 6.70c; May,' 6.85@6.90c; June,
7c; July, 7.05c;- February, 7.15c; September,
7.25c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c. Re
fined was firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8100 packages; firm.
State dairy. 15®23%c; creamery, 16@25%c; June
creamery, 18<g22c; factory, 12V4@15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 8800 packages; quiet. West
ern at mark, 26c.
Trading in the market for evaporated apples
was moderately active to-day. State common
to good, 6@8%c: prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@
9%c; fancy. 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were steady.
PRUNES— 3%<g"c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; " Moorpark, 9%@
13c. i
PEACHES-Peeled, 12@19c| unpeeled, 7@10%c.
Chicago Grain Market
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Trade was very active In
wheat en a narrow range. A marked falling
off in Northwestern receipts' started better
prices. The country demand was very' good
and most of the buying orders seemed to be
for long profits rather, than for scalping. The
strength in the St. Louis market was particu
larly helpful. The world's total visible in
crease of 5,220,000 bushels had little effect on
the market. A good strength developing in
corn added to the bullish wheat incentives and
prices advanced well. Late in the session, how
ever, long wheat in great - quantities was
poured into the pit and though taken up quick
ly by bulls, depressed the market materially.
December opened steady, ranged between 73%c
and 74«ic. and closed easy %@%c lower, at 73%.
May opened unchanged, ranged between 78c and
78%c, and closed easy «*@V4, down,' at 78@78%c.
Corn was dull and weak the first two hours
of trade, while wheat was advanced. Cables
were lower and there was considerable selling.
Later the wheat advance made the shorts nerv
ous and on the report of a strong cash demand
many ran to cover. The advance was sharp
and - decisive and prices reached the highest
for the crop. On the rise profit taking caused
a reaction. December closed firm, \%c up, at
62%c. May closed strong, %c higher, at 65%c
Oats followed corn and showed strength in
the latter part of the session, establishing a
new record for 'May. -That option closed firm,
%@%c up. at 43%c. ' .' /
Provisions were heavy early on large :receipts
but the decline was moderate.* Trade was
rather dull. Later there was some open sell
ing by large packers and prices sagged. Janu
ary pork and lard closed 20c lower and ribs 15c
down.
The' leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 74^ 74% ,73% 73%
May.... 78% 78%.. ..78 78%
Corn No. 2— .
December 62V4 63 61ft 62*.
May 64% 66',i 64% 65%
July 64% 66 .64% 65)i
Oats No. 2 —
December ....42%. 43% 42% 42%
May 43% 43% 43% 43%
July 39 39% 3Sft . 39V*
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 16 07% 16 17% 15 97% 16 05
May ..16 45 1650. 1632% 16 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds — • ,
December 9 50 9 50 : 9 37% 9 37%
January .'.. 9 47% 9 47% 9 35 9 35
May 9 50 9 55 9 42% 9 42%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds— . ■ '
January 8 30 8 32 -8 20 8 22%
May . S 42 8 45 8 35 8 37%
Cash quotations were as- follows: Flour,
lira; No. 3 spring wheat, 72%c; No. 2 red,
78%c; No. 2 corn, 64c; No. 2 yellow. 64%c; No.
2 oats, 44V4c; No. 2 white, 46@46%c; • No. i
white, 43V4@46%c; No. 2 rye, 61c; fair to .choice
malting barley. 58%@63c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 3&'j;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 39; prime timothy seed,
$5 30@6 35; mess pork, per barrel, $15 10@15 20;
lard, per 1 100 pounds, $9 37%@9 40; short ribs
sides (loose). $8 l.VfIS 30; dry j salted shoulders
(boxed),' 7Vi@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 60@8 70; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32,
clover, contract grade, $9 15@9 20.
Articles — . ;• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 42,000 41,000
Wheat, bushels ............ .'..289,000 30,000
Corn, bushels ....V... 105, 000 '. 86,000
Oats, bushels : 289,000 : 133,000
Rye, bushels 27,000 2,000
Barley, bushels ■ .: 196,000 ■ 32,000
On the Produce Exchange to-d^y-the butter
market was steady; creams. 13@24%c; dairies,
13ft2Oc. . Cheese, steady. 9%@10ViC. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 24c. ?-:;'A>'- ■ ■ ■ ' '
Foreign Futures. . '
LIVERPOOL. = --"'
• Wheat— March. May.
Opening .'...'.....'.. 6 %! . -6%
Closing ....:.......... 6 % 6 1%
PARIS. ... ; '
Wheat— "'. . ' _ ' Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening ..'..... 22 05 ' 22 85 '
Closing 22 25 23 00
Flour— -' . " ; ' . ,-
Opening .27 70, ,28 83
Closing. ..: ...2785*, 2895
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec.' 3.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes -.in, available supplies
from last account: -v**?>-""'SJ 1 V*?<M6BBfc*<*HBI
Wheat— United States and Canada; east of the
Rockies, Increased 5,620,000 bushels; . afloat for
and In Europe, decreased' 400,000 bushels; total
supply increased 5,220,000 -bushels. .-.-
Corn— United States . and , Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 746,000 bushels.- ■-'
United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 214,000 '-bushels. . ■
Boston WooVMarkei.
'. BOSTON. Dec. 3.— The wool - market here
maintains a firm: tone. While there is an ab
sence " of speculative ; trading. - there ■- has been
liberal business- transacted. Territory wools
sold ■ freely and - buyers :' are • paying on the
scoured basis of 42@43c for good lots of fine
medium, with fine at 45c and staple wools at
46@4So. i Texas wools are firm on the scoured
basis ot 47@48c. - with. Northern spring Califor
nia at 46@48c. Oregon wools are steady on the
basis of 41@44c for fine medium and fine, with
valley at 33@3Sc and staple at 45@46c.
Some stood lines of Australian wools bave
been sold here this week, one sale of 1500 bales
being reported. • About 36c is quoted for quar
ter-blood crossbred, with merino3 ; at 70@72c,
scoured at 65@67c, and average at 62@65c.
There has been more doing In. fleece, wools
the 'past week. - . ■ • .••-.. .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12,629 bales, in
cluding: a laree selection of superior grades.
Competition was spirited, merinos selling at
top Drlces. Fine crossbreds sold well, chiefly
to the home trade. Cape of Good. Hope and
Natal offerings wera steady. Some superior
lots were taken by American buyers. ;s '
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec, - 3. — The feature In metal
circles to-day was a decided reaction in copper
values at London. Private advices attributed
the decline to speculative manipulation and
sympathy with the depression in copper stocks.
The net loss for the day was a matter of £4
7s 6d on- spot and £4 23 6d on I futures, | thus
the former closed at £57 as and the latter at
£58 5s. There were sellers at these figures,
with the market unsettled. Locally : no . busi
ness of importance took place and the nom
inal quotations remain at $17 for '. lake and
$16 37%@16 62%. for casting.
There ■were ready sellers at these quotations,
while no bids could be ascertained, buyers hold
ing off for concessions. -.
Tin, in the local market, ruled quiet, but a
shade easier, and was quoted at $25 25@23 50.
At London values eased off 12a with the spot
closing at £112 10s and futures at £104 15s.
Lead was dull and unchanged at New York,
being quoted at $4 37%. while at London real
izing resulted in a loss of Is 3d, spot being
quoted at £11. ■. ■- '
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at home
and abroad, closing at $4 30 and £16 10s. re
spectively. .
Iron was steady; unchanged. Piglron war
wants. $10 50@ll 50: No. 1 Northern foundry.
$15@16; No. 2 foundry. Southern. $14 50@15 60;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $14 50016.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 45s lid and
Middlesboro closed at 42s 10%d. •
New York Cotton Market.
'. NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 8@ 10 points and
closed firm with prices net 38 to 43 points
higher.
Eastern Livestock Market
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000,
Including 100 Westerns; steady. Good to prime,
$6 35@7 30; poor to medium, $3 90@6; stockers
and feeders, $2@4 35; cows, $1 35® 4 75; heifers,
$2@5 50; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls. $2@4 40;
calves, $2 50@5 15; .Texas fed steers, $5 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 60,000; to-morrow,
55.000; left over. 1200; 5®10c lower for bulk.
Mixed and butchers'. $5 65©G 10; good to choice
heavy, $5 8f>@6 15: - rough heavy. $5 40@5 65;
'light, $5(5*5 85; bulk of sales, $5 70@5 85.
SHEEP — Receipts, 27, COO: weak; Iambs, 10c
lower. Good to choice wethers. $3 50@4 25; fair
to choice mixed. 12 75®3 50; Western sheep, $3
STA: native lambs, $2 50@4 90; Western lambs,
$2@4 25. . ■
ST. JOSEPH. •;
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Dec. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, • 2000; market steady. Natives, $3 33® 7;
cows and heifers, $1 25(35 50; calves, $2 50@5 25;
bulls and stags, $2 25@5; stockers and feeders,
$2@4 30.
HOGS— Receipts. 16,000; 10c lower. Light and
light mixed, $5 70®6 10; medium and heavy,
$5 85«?6 25: pigs. $3 30<S4 40. ~.
SHEE^Receipts, 900; market strong to 10c
higher. .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. * 3.— Clearings, $504,»
874; balances, $131,513.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
.PORTLAND. Dec. 3.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
60c; bluestem, 60@61c. ,
Cleared— French bark Louis Pasteur for Cape
Town, with 93.6G0 bushels of wheat; British
ship Travancore for Oueenstown, with 111,520
bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 3.— Wheat— Steady at recent
advance. Bluestem, 60%c; club, 5D%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— Consols. 91 1-16; silver.
24 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 35c; cargoes on
passage,' rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 10%d; cargoes Walla Walla. 29s;
English country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 3.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s %d@6s.ld: wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, firm; .weather in England, part
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 5-16d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bidlion.
Rates of Exchange remained as before. Sil
ver declined to 54c.
•The Doric took out a treasure list of $40-1,698,
consisting of $237,048 in Mexican dollars, $650
in gold coin and $157,000 in silver bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 85»4
Sterling Cables — 4 89>4
New York Exchange, sight — 02V&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 54
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45H ® 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at about
35s, usual European options, with an occa
sional charter above and below this rate. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 69,000, against 52,420 tons- on the
&ame date last year; disengaged, 4500 tons,
against 12,650 J on the way to this port, 189,700
tons, against 128.2C0. . x v-^-
WHEAT — The foreign markets continue to
creep up, as will be seen elsewhere. Brad
street's gives the world's supply as follows:
East of the Rockies, an increase of 5,620,000
bushels; Europe and afloat, a decrease of 460,
000: total Increase. 5,220.000 bushels.
Chicago opened firm and active and advarced
from 78'ic to 78%c, but fell back to 78%c. The
country bought freely. Continental cables
were very strong and brought direct accept
ances 0$ wheat. These foreign . orders, how
evfer, were met by local selling, while consid
erable professional realizing was absorbed by
public buying. The French were still !n the
St. Louis market, where they were accepting
cash wheat at an advance of 2%@3c over Sat
urday. . . .
The San Francisco market was higher, both
on and off call, with a good demand reported
en shipping account.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%@l 02%; milling,
$1 03%@l 06% per ctl.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
'Informal Session— 9:15 . o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 06%.
Second Session — December — 1000 ctls, $1 02.
May— 6000, $106; 40C0, $1 06%. ■
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, $101%. May— 20,000, $105%:.v.\
Afternoon Session— May— 10, COO ctls, $1 05%.
BARLEY— Dealers continue to report a
steady but 'not active market, though none of
them will shade quotations to ' sell.
Feed, 75@76%<TfOr choice bright, 72%@73%c for
No 1 and 70c for off grades; brewing and ship
ping grades, 77Mf 85c; Chevalier. 80c@$l per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. 1_
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second S^pslon — No sales.
Regular Morning Sesflon— No* sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73%c.
May— 2000, 73%c; 2000, 74c. • .
OATS— The market continues firm and quo
tations show little, change. The Chicago mar
ket has quieted down considerably Within the
past few days.
Grays, $1 12%@1 17% for feed and SI 20®
1 22% for seed;, whites. $1 15@1 25; Surprise,
$1 30@l 32%; black, 95c@$l 07% for feed and
$115@1.22% for seed: red, $1 12%@1 17% per
ctl for feed and $1 20@l 27% for seed.
CORN— The Chicago market was unsettled,
rising from*64%c to 66%c and falling back to
65%c. Nebraska reported the largest buying
for a long time, with farmers letting go their
produce more freely. The San Francisco mar
ks* is unchanged as follows: . Spot — Large yel
low, $1 35@1 37%; small round do, SI 30QI 40;
white, $1 42%@1 48. To arrive— $1 25@1 32% per
ctl • for all kinds, according to . dryness.
RYE— Firm and in- demand at 75@77%c per
cental:. ■■'■ ■
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millsiuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25@
S'60. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $3 1503 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 73 per • barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; ■ Washington bakers', $2 75
03 ■ : - . '" ' " ' ' ■ ' ■ . ■'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: . Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour.- $2 75; . Rye
Meal. $2 50;. Rice Flour. $7; Com Meal. '$3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $5; ' Hominy.
M@* 25; Buckwheat ■ Flour. - $4@4 2S: . Cracked
Wheat, $3 50;- Farina, . $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels),' $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, 1 $5: Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 1C0 pounds. ,-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The wet - weather is keeping back Hay, as
will be seen by the light receipts, but the mar
ket continues soft, nevertheless. Feedstuff*
rule > weak - at unchanged prices. .
BRAN— $15 60@16 50 per , ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16317 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27<325; jobbing. $23 SO
029 • Cocoanut Cake. $20® 21; Corn Meal. Wl 50
©32; Cracked Com, $32®32 50; Mixed. Feed, sis
«17. '-■"•'*
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy.- $11 50012; Wheat
and Oat, SS@11: Oat. $7@10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa. $8®9 50: Clover, $6©7; Volun
teer, $5 60@8; Stock. $3@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47ttc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very quiet, and most kinds
are weak, -Pinks especially. -There are no ship
ping orders now of any consequence. Seeds
are as before quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, *2 35@2 50; Small White, $2 73
@3 15; Large .'White. J2 8O©3: Pea. *3 50@4;
Pink, $175@2; Red. J2 5O@3; Blackeye. 13 60©
3 70;.Llmas. $4 40@4 60; Red Kidneys. $3 5O@4
Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 65® 3 25; Canary.
3%@3V&c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, Sttc;
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 !H)@2; Green. $1 73
@2 25 per ctL .
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue 'weak, with large holdings
and ' no orders. . Prices show little change,
though .the tendency is rather downward. A
car of Onions came In from Oregon.
Summer . Vegetables from nearby points are
reduced to scattering boxes here and there.
Tomatoes from the south are wet and cracked,
those from Alvarado being in better condition.
Cucumbers are dragging.
POTATOES— 70c@$l for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks. $1 30® 1 60; Oregon
Burbanks. $1 20@l 45; River Reds. $1 35©1 50;
Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 85c for Mer-
e ONIONS-$l 75@2 10 per ctl; Oregons, 1202 23;
Pickle Onions, per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los Ange
les. 6c; String Beans from Los Angeles. 5® 6c;
Limas, 2®6c; Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl; Toma
toes, 20@S5ct Dried Peppers, 10(315c: Dried
Okra, 15@18c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers, 35@50c; Pickles, 2y 2 @3c per lb for
small and l@l%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2%o;
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for Chill and 335
@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35©50c per box;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, ; Mar
rowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton: Hubbard
Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms, 5@12%c per lb.
Poiiltry and Game.
A car of Eastern came in, making three thus
far this week. Owing to the very light demand
and the liberal arrivals from the East, the
market is ' weak, with the exception of Tur
keys, which are in demand, both live and
dressed.
Quotations for Game showed no change. Ar
rivals were 196 sacks.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 16©13c; Live
Turkeys. 14@15c for Gobblers and 15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5001 75: Goslings.
$1 75@2; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $4@
4 60; old Roosters. $4@4 E0; Fryers. $3 50@4;
Broilers. $3 5O®4 for large and J3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
'. GAME— Doves, per dozen, 73c; Hare, $1;
Rabbits, $150 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $3 60; Canvasback. $3; Sprig. $1 73;
Teal, $1 25; Widgeon, $1 25; Small Ducks. $1;
Black Jacks, $1; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe.
$1-50; Gray Geese. $3 50; White Geese, $123;
Brant. $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers. $4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another decline in Eggs Is noted. They are
very weak and even the sharp reduction In
prices has failed- to stimulate the demand, and
arrivals are accumulating. Most dealers are
getting out from under, expecting a still fur
ther decline, as usual at this time of the year.
Cheese is easy, though supplies are not ex
cessive.
Butter Is off again. The market is too lib
erally supplied for the demand.
Receipts were 26,000 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 441 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7700 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery 23®24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy, 17%@20c; store
Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21@22%c.
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. 18®19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12@12%c; Old. ll%c; Young
America. 13%c per lb; Eastern. 13® 16c.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for selected large.
31<532%c for good to choice and 30c for lair;
store, 25@27%c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
27%-c; Eastern. 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
" Most of the Figs coming in are in bad con
dition. .Berries are Also wet and poor. The
Watsonville train was late, but those that ar
rived by express in time for the morning trade
sold well.
The supply of Grapes consists mainly of cai
ried-over stock, and the market is dull. Black
Grapes form the major part of the offerings,
and white Are firmer than black, being scarcer.
Bananas are weaker. Oranges also continue
weak at the decline. Lemons are slow. Limes
are 6lightly lower. ;]\ *
Supplies of Apples and Pears are ample, but
a fine Winter Nelis Pear will bring $2, and
Apples are moving off rather better.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 60<gl 75 per box for extra, 75c©
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@6oc for ordinary;
Lady Apples, $1@2.
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds, $1©2 per box.
QUINCES— 5Cg60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 4Cc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $9@11 per chest for Long
worths and $4@5 for large berries. .
BLACKBERRIES— $5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. Jlu&ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
FIGS— Black, 50#75c per box; white, 60c.
GRAPES— Verdels, 75c@$l per box; Tokay,
75c; Black, 40^'JOc; Cornlchons, 40® 60c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@1 30
for standards. $1 7S@2 for choice and $2 '£»
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines,
$1@1 25; Japanese Mandarins, *1 50@l 75; Lem
ons, $1@1 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good
to choice: Grape Fruit. $1 50<S2 50; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@4; Bananas. $2©3 per bunch for
New Orleans and 50c@$l 25 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3(g4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is in very fair s> pe now, and
local dealers report the demand fully up to
normal proportions for this time of the year.
New Prunes are in better demand and clean
ing up, and prices, while no higher, are firmer.
Considerable confusion has been caused by the
large sale of old Prunes at San Jose, which
has disturbed the Eastern markets, as will be
seen in the first column. Apples and pitted
Plums are firm. " Peaches, Pears and Apricots
are closely held, and mostly In dealers' hands.
Raisins are reported in fair demand, and Xut&
are firm, with Walnuts almost cleaned up.
Honpy Is steady at previous prices.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7e8V*c for Koyals and 89
13c tor standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@8Uc; sun-dried, 3%@4Hc;
Peaches, 5@7»ic; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted, ihi
@6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5"4 for red
and 5H@«Hc for white; Figs. 3©3%c for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5U@5%c; 40-50's, 4%©5c; 50-60's. 4K0
4V4c; 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's, 3%©3%c; 80-90'S, 2*
©3c; 90-100*8. 2&@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown. $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c: three
crown. 4%c; two-crown, S%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4>4c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6Hc; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8Vjc;
choice, 7%c; standard. 6Vrc; prime. 5Hc; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c: choice, 9c: stan
dard. 7%c; prime. 6%c Fancy ceeded. «4c;
choice seeded, 5%c. s ~
NUTS— Chestnuts; 10@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2,.7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2 7c; Almonds ll@12c for papershell, 9®
We for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12Hc;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; CocoanuU.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12tfc for bright and 10©
ll%c for light amber: water white extracted.
5@6c: light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicago market lost its firmness and
declined again, and Hogs and Cattle were also
lower there.
The San Francisco market was firm and un
changed. Only - one house has thus far ad
vanced Hams. Bacon and Lard. Supplies of
Lard are light, of Hams fair and of Bacon
fairly liberal. There is very little shipping
demand, for barreled Beef and Pork at .the
moment.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. '. ll%c pe r ] b . for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams. 12%c; Mess Beef. $10010 50 per barrel
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12®12 50; prime
Mesa Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50®23; Mesa
US 50® W; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels cure
l«4c; 10-lb tins. ll«4c; 5-lb tins. U%c; flbtto"
12c. --• - . •->■.-
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. lOHc- th™«
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb. *
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Wool market shows little change Hum
boldt and Mendocino fall clips are all cleaned
up. CHher descriptions stand as before quoted
The demand has been good, without any rush
to buy or sell. Stocks are not large
Hops continue unchanged. Growers are' still
disposed to hang back and buyers refuse to ad
vance their bids, hence the market lacks move
ment.
The Hide market continues In good shape.
without any change In quotations. Sheepskins ,
are firmer, in sympathy with the better Wool 2
market. The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
says: "Wet salted Hides continue in demand,
without any change to prices. Grubby Hides
are avoided and bring less than quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy .alter!
Steers lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides »%c for heavy and »c for light;
Stags.' 7c? Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%®17c: Culls.
So- Dry KItj. 13c: Dry Calf. 18@19c: Culls and
Brands MOlSe: sheepskins, shearlings. 15®30o
each- s'hort "Wool. 40@80e each: medium. 50<9
75c- lon« "Wool. SOc@Sl 10 each: Horse Hides,
gait *2 50®2 75 for large and $2®2 25 for me
dium. $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horsa
Hides dry, $1 75 for large. II 25©1 50 for me
dium $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skills — Prime Angoras. 73c; large and smooth.
aOc; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2,
4%@5c : grease. - 3c. -
WOOL— Spring. 19C0 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive. 7 months. 7@8c: Oregon Valley fine. 139
ISc: do. medium and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@lJc; do. fair to good. »Q
He; Nevada. 10@12c
Fall— San Joaquln. «%©3%"c; San Joaqula
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8£10c: North
ern Mountain, free, 9@10c; do, defective, 8® 9c
per lb.
HOPS— 9@l0c for fair and ll@12o per lb tor
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further decline in Hogs, but th»
feeling Is weak. Arrivals are ample. Beef,
Mutton and Veal are as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates Irom, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows;
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 5®6o per lb tor
VEAL— Large. 7%©8%c; small, 8®9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7%c; Ewes. «%©7o per
P< liAMB— 8®S%e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lb«. 5%©
5%c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c; sows, 20 per cent
off boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7V4«3%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAOS-Calcutta Grain Ba*«. 7o; local
make He 1«» &** Calcuttas; Wool Bags. J3
035c:' Fleece Twine. 7%©Sc; Prult Bags. 6%9
SHo for cotton and 7®7%c for Jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples $1 05@l 45; Apricots, $1@1 50; Peaches, yel
low $1 20^1 65; do. Lemon Cling, $1 30<g 1 75;
Bartlett Pears. $1 25® 1 75: Plums. 90c® $1 25:
Nectarines. $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes. 95c<3$l 35;
Quinces. $1 10@l 55: Strawberries, $1 30@l 75;
Blackberries. $1 30@l 60.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50: Co-operative Walls
end. *3 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15:
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Purs Manila. 18c per lb:
Sisal size. ll%c; Bale Rope, 11®11%c; Duplex.
10%c. Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash dis
count. Lots of 10.000 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c:
cases, Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c;
cases. Eastern Style, 6c; Boneless, 5%c; "Nor
way." 5%c; "Narrow Gauge." 8c; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, "Oriental." 6c: Blocks.
"Seabrigit." 6%c; Tablets. 7c: Middles. «%■©
T%e; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c: 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, 7%@8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7; Pickled Cod.
half-barrels, each, $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13%<®14c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; ll@12e for prime
washed; 9%«9%c for good washed; 9%@lS%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9@9%c for
fair to prime peaberry; 8%@9%c for good to
prime. 7%@8%c for fair; 5%@%c for common to
ordinary.
Salvador — ll\4@12%c for strictly prime
washed; 9@llc for good to prime washed: 8#S%c
for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 8%@9c for good to prim©
semi- washed: 8%@9c for superior unwashed; 8@
8%c for good green unwashed; 8%@9o for good
to" superior unwashed peaberry; 5%@S%.c for
common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to fancy washed:
8%@10c for fair to strictly good washed; 7%@
8%c for good to superior unwashed; 8%@9c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll%@14c for prime
to fancy washed: 9>310c for strictly good
washed: 8%@9c for good washed: 7%<3Siic for
fair washed; 6%@7%c for medium; 5%@6%c for
inferior to ordinary: 9<310%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8<?9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7%@8%c for good to superior
unwashed.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13Hc- Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star.
20c- Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21%c; Benxine, In bulk. 14c; In cases.
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c: In case*.
TURPENTINE— 68%c per gallon to cases and
62c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red. Lead. 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c, according to
Q1 S^VLT— H. R. H.. $24 75 per ton In large sacks
and $25 50 In 50s. Liverpool, $21 25® 22 for the
best and $17 50®20 for lower grades. Higgins .
$27 50<3"9 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $42043 for export.
SUGAR— The Wester* Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in*100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.30c;
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.1oc; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.03c: Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only) 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra C, 4.ooc;
Golden C. 4.45c: D. 4.35c; barrels. 10c more:
half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 80c more; BO-lb
bags 10c more. No orders taken for less than
73 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, hall
burrels. 5.B5c: boxes. 5.80c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are aa follows: Pine.
ordinary sixes. $18'319 50: extra sizes, hlfrher;
Redwood $19020; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90<84; Pick
ets $19: Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 73 for No.
2; Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rus-
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 29<?32e; extra heavy,
30©40c per lb: medium. 27®29c: light, 24@26c:
Rough Leather. 26@28c: Harness Leather,
heavy 35@39c for No. 1 and 30«33c for No. 2;
medium 30@37c; light. 29@35e; Skirting, No. 1.
40<7?42c- No. 2, 36<S38c: Collar Leather. 15®16c
per foot: Trace Leather,' 4O@44c; Kip. unfin
ished, 40ig5Oc per lb: Veal, finished. 16<gi7c per
foot* Belt Knife Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits.
8® 10c ner lb.
TANB ARK— Ground, $26@28 per ton; Stick, $18
@18 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. L
70c- pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
70c: raw. 68c: cases. 5c more: Lucol. Wte for
boiled and 58c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c: cases. 95c;
China Nut. B3@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
m barrels. 70c: cases. 73c; Sperm, pare. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Ftsh Oil. barrels. 37ttc: cases. 42Hc; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for Aus
tralian.
Receipts of Produce. 3 ;
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER I.
Flour, qr sks 16,132 Bran, sks 1,283
Wheat, ctls 64.014 Middlings, sks.... 970
Barley, ctls 57,762 Hops, bales 233
Rye. ctls 560 Raisins, bxs 130
Sugar, ctls 2,884 Leather, rolls 38
Tallow, ctls 221 Quicksilver, flsks ' 169
Beans, sks 845 Wtne. gals 20,600
Potatoes, sks..... 5,143 Hides, No 261
Onions, sks 195 Pelts, bdls 174
Contra Costa Water Co. has declared Divi
dend 135 of 43 cents per share.
STOCK MARKET.
Trading on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was active, but fluctuations were few
and narrow. Three shares of the German Bank
sold at $1923 12%. There were sales of Giant
Powder at $S3 12%®83 50 and of Gas and Elec
tric at $44 50®44 25. The oil stocks, aa usual,
showed little variation.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold down
to $158 and Onomea Sugar to $23. There was
less activity on this session.
Sales of local stocks and bonds on the Bond
Exchange during the first eleven months of the
year were as follows, compared with the same
period last year: Of Bonds, $S,230.920. against
$5,091,870; of stocks. 36S.C62 shares, against 370,
878.
The | Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35c per share on the 5th lnst.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 3—2 p. m.
■UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 - - ' B!d.A«r.
4s quar coup..H2%113 4a qr cp (new).l39V»i39%
4s quar reg....lll%112 Ite quar coup..lOS%-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bav C P C 5s 107% — • Oceanic SS os.104 "— ■
.Ctf-s? £ ?.. ..m - Omnibus C 6s.l29%133
c c wit»r 5a ill — Pac G Imi> 4a. — —
WLAP 63 — — Pk & C H 6«.. 108 113
?«• A Cl Hte - 12W Pk & O R 63..121 -
Gearv st 5s - 100 Powll-st R 6s.llS%120
Geary-st os..» _ ™ Sac E G R 5s. 95% 96
Lto 53 99H - S F & SJV 5s.l23% -
tJS?aS»"ti"5s"i18 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — .—■
WlH - S P of Aria 63
Dofc nTsk'lOl 103 (1905). Ser A.107%M83i
3vV s at yfs:g lst%n^£«™ -
Continued on Page Thirteen.BURGLARS REAP
GOLDEN HARVEST
Robbery of Dwellings in
Mission District
Continues.
Midnight Prowlers Have Sev
eral Narrow Escapes
From Arrest
A gang of daring burglars has been op
erating in the Mission district for 'the
past week, and not a night passes but
one or mere burglaries are reported at
the Seventeenth-street police station. The
police are now considering- the advisabil
ity of placing a "blockade" in the district
after midnight, as all of the burglaries
retried have been committed in the
eaivy morning hours.
The burglars first commenced opera
tions on San Jose avenue, between Twen
ty-Second and Twenty-fourth streets,
and ransacked several dwellings. They
next moved down to Trtat avenue and
robbed a residence near Twentv-fourth
street. Thanksgiving ni&ht they broke
into two dwellings on the same avenue
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets and carried off a lot of valuable
property. In one of the houses they over
looked a watch worth J150 and a heavy
gold chain. The watch was on a table
near a bed, and it is supposed that the
cracksmen feared to awaken the occu
pant of the room if they made too thor
ough a search. They took time enough,
however, to spill the contents of the
drawers of a bureau over the floor whTie
looking for money and jewelry. The night
following they tried to gain an entrance
to a flat on Twenty-fourth street, below
Folsom, but awakened the occupants and
were forced to beat a hasty retreat.
Early yesterday morning the industri
ous burglars were discovered while try
ing to force an entrance to a cigar stand
near the railroad depot. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets. They again escaped
and an hour later broke into the resi
dence of Mrs. Catherine Daley at 2936
Howard street. Mrs. Daley awoke while
they were in her bedroom, and when she
called to her daughter they ran through
the kitchen and out into the back yard,
having opened the kitchen door before
they commenced to search the house.
That all of the burglaries have been
ccsnvnitted by the same men is evidenced
by\| he fact that in every instance en
trance has been gained through a kitchen
window or door. All of the houses that
have been robbed run back to an alley
vray. so that in the event of discovery
the burglars ran less risk of being caught
by disappearing into the alley than by
being forced into the street, where there
was dariger of encountering policemen.
The police feel satisfied that the men who
gave Sergeant Duke and Policemen Pren
dergast and Young a lively run early last
Sunday morning are the burglars. The
men were seen leaving an alleyway run
ning off Twenty-fourth street, above Va
lencia, and took to their heels when the
officers started toward them. Several
shots were fired after the fugitives, who
managed to get away the heavv fog pre
vailing at the time being favorable to
their escape.
Policeman Brown arrested a suspect
yesterday afternoon and took him to the
Seventeenth-street station, where he will
be held pending an investigation. The
man in custody is believed to be one of
the burglars. He fits the description
given of a night prowler who was seen
in the neighborhood of one of the houses
robbed.
BERLIN, Dec. 3.— Emperor TVllliam at noon
to-day received in audience W. H. Beehler, the
Tnited States naval attache here.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
NERY0DS1YSPMA
A CURE^JOR IT.
Not a Patent Cure All, Nor a
Modern Miracle but Simply a
Rational Cure for Dyspepsia.
In these days of humbugrgery and de-
ception, the manufacturers of patent med-
icines, as a rule, seem to think their med- '
lcines will rot sell unless they claim that ,
it will cure every disease under the sun.
they never think of leaving- out dys-
jrepsia and stomach troubles. They, are
eure to claim that their nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to cure every dyspeptic and
he need look no further.
In the face of these absurd claims, it is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have carefully
?efrained from making undue claims or
fcSlse representations regarding the mer-
its of this most excellent remedy for dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They make
but one claim for it. and that is that for
indigestion and various stomach troubles
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is a radical
cure. They go no farther than this, and
any man or woman suffering from indi-
pestion, chronic or nervous dyspepsia,
who will give the remefiy a trial will find
that nothing is claimed for It that the
facts will not fully sustain.
It is a modern discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable ingredients acceptable
to the weakest or most delicate stomach.
Its great success in curing stomach trou-
bles is due to the fact that the medical
properties are such that it will digest
v,"hatevr>r wholesome food is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the stom-
ach is in good working order or not. It
rests the overworked organ and replen-
ishes the body, the blood, the nerves, cre-
ating a healthy appetite, gives refresh-
ing sleep and the blessingrs which always
accompany a good digestion and proper
assimilation of food.
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting Is required. Simply eat plenty of
V7bolesome food and take these Tablets
at each meal, thus assisting and resting
the stomach, which rapidly regains its
pr^or digestive power, -when the Tablets
tr» ;<e no loncrer required.
Nervous Dyspepsia is simply a condi-
tion in which some portion or portions of
the nervous system are not properly nour-
ished. Good digestion invigorates the
nervous eystem and every organ in the
bedy.
Any druggist will tell you Stuart's Dys- ,
pepsia Tablets give universal satisfaction.
bLI f ga BL^Wa
3 Oil n flifl Eh B9 BiGbI
VhL fl I j 14 JF.3 MJ * B j C*v
*jLJr FAVORITE
pSCRSPTON
EL FOR WEAK WO MEW.
MISS MAUDE FAY GOING
ON THE OPERATIC STAGE
MISS MAUDE FAY Is going on
the operatic stage. ' This ' news
will be a pleasing surprise to her
many friends. \ !
Miss Fay has won fame in Cal
ifornia through her vocal abilities. She
possesses a soprano voice of exceptional
quality and for the past two years she has
appeared publicly at many receptions and
concerts, on each occasion the audience
giving her flattering approval.
During the present grand opera season
she met a number of the Grau stars and
they highly praised her voice. Walter
Darnroseh, after hearing her voice, de
clared that she had a grand future before
her on the operatic stage. He suggested
that she take a three years' course in
Europe, but on second consideration de
cided that if she studied for one more
In this city she tvould be fully com
petent to fill responsible roles in grand
opera, next season.
BARK HIGHLAND
LIGHT FOUNDERS
Schooner Arilla Rescues
the Doomed Vessel's
Crew.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 3.-The bark
Highland Light of San -Francisco, a well
known coaster, has foundered eighty
miles off Hesquet, on the Vancouver Isl
and coast. Her crew was taken oft by
the schooner Arilla and are being brought
to Victoria on the steamer Queen City.
The Highland Light is a total loss.
STORM UP THE COAST.
Gale of Unusual Fury Places Ship
ping in Danger.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 3.— A gale of un
usual fury is raging over the North Pa
cific Coast to-night and several vessels
are in trouble. The British ship Nelson,
which left Astoria on November 25 with
a grain cargo for the United Kingdom, is
in the offing with a bad list. During the
gale yesterday her grain cargo shifted.
Captain Perriam made an effort to get
back to port last evening, but was unable
to do so. This afternoon the bar tug
Tatoosh picked up the Britisher and at 4
o'clock started on* shore with her. The
vessels are experiencing the full force of
the gale, but probably will ride through
in safety.
SEATTLE, Dec. 3.— A heavy storm . is
raging along Puget Sound, in the straits
and throughout Western Washington. It
has demolished most of the , telegraph
wires to the northwest of Seattle. The
damage has been slight in the city, al
though shipping has suffered. A small
steamer went ashore during the early
evening at Al-Ki point, there being no
loss of life. Several plate glass windows
have been smashed and a number of
signs blown down. Along the water
front minor craft were damaged by being
blown against the docks. *
Mails TJp Boycott Placard.
Marcel Wine, a union man, was- con
victed by Judge Cabanlss yesterday on
the charge of violating the ordinance pro
hibiting the posting of notices or placards
on houses without the property-owners'
consent. He will be sentenced this morn
ing. Wille posted a placard on a house
adjoining the Vienna restaurant on Lar
kin street, declaring a boycott on the
restaurant. •
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Manuel C. Enos,
aged 28 years, Haywards, and. Annie H.
Lucas, 29. San Leandro: Isaac N. Conk
lin, 28, and Elizabeth H. Gernreich, 25,
both of Oakland: Christian Nelson, 30,
and Christine Nelson. 30. both of Fruit
vale; Henry Ehlers, 54, Brooklyn, N. Y.,
and Carrie Merrill. 37. San Francisco.
I*eg Broken by Streetcar.
James Lace, a. blacksmith employed at
the Union Iron Works and residing at 808
Kentucky street, sustained a compound
fracture of his left leg last night while
getting off a Kentucky-street car. He was
struck by a car passing in the opposite
direction and knocked down. He was
removed to his home.
Food. Without
doubt the food used
in infancy has a large
influence on after
years in a child's life.
-' Babies of all ages in our book, ■'
" Mellin's Food Babies" _ sent free,
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER. 4, 19 01.
TALENTED VOCALIST WHO
WILL MAKE HER DEBUT IN
GRAND OPERA.
Miss Fay will study here for another
year, and then go East to commence her
professional career. She is the daughter
of the late Philip S. Fay and the sister
of Charles Fay, secretary of Mayor James
D. Phelan. •
SOIL NEEDS
MORE ROTATION
Secretary Wilson Speaks
of the Fertility
Systems.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— The fifth annual
convention of the National Livestock As
sociation began at the Studebaker Thea
ter to-day with nearly 500 delegates pres
ent. It is expected that the convention
will be inession until Friday. On Wednes
day and Thursday papers on subjects of
interest to grangers and others interested
in the cattle blusiness will be presented by
specialists.
The convention was called to order by
President John W. Springer at 10:19.
o'clock. The report of Secretary Charles
F. H. Martin, 'which followed the presi
dent's address, was devoted to the work
accomplished during the past year by the
different committees and the officers of
the organization. The membership is in
creasing and the finances are more satis
facotry than ever before.
The features of the afternoon were the
address of James Wilson, Secretary of
Agriculture, who spoke on "Mixed Live
stock Husbandry," saying in part:
A well- arranged system of rotation contrib
utes greatly to maintaining: the uniform fer
tility of the soil, and is also one of the read
iest means by which to get rid of insect pests
The Department of Agriculture Is searching tho
world over for plants that may be useful in
the several States and territories of the Union,
to be used as features in systems of rotation.
"Where a locality becomes addicted to the habit
of growing one crop year after year, the aver
age soil deteriorates unless fertilizers are ap
plied, whether the crop-,be cotton or wheat, or
whatever is sold from the soil.
A resolution indorsing the reference in
the President's message to the propriety
of irrigating the arid lands of. the country
and urging the appropriation of adequate
funds to construct ■ huge reservoirs were
presented by G. W. Maxwell of Illinois to
the resolutions committee. They were
adopted and ordered telegraphed to both
houses of Congress. ■
MAY YOHE'S CONSOKT
SAYS HE HAS MONEV
Pprmer Major Strong Denies the Ke
cent Story That a Separation
, . Is Likely.
HONOLULU, Nov. 26.— The Star to-day
says: "The secret of the unexpected
wealth of Putnam Bradlee Strong and
May Yole Is out. May has not had ''to
pawn her diamonds as reported, nor are
she and the former major on the verge
of a separation^. If reports from the
Orient prove correct they can continue
their love-making indefinitely." Continu
ing, the paper -quotes Strong as having
made the following- statements in Yoko
hama:
"I have plenty of money and we pro
pose to do with it as we like. I am worth
$200,000 in cash to-day. I made it in
stocks. I made it in Wall street during
that famous Jump in- Northern Pacific
stocks. I got out at the right time and
made over $200,000 on the deal."
MKS. WILLIAM C. WRIGHT
KILLS HERSELF WITH GAS
Wife of an TJnclertaker, Demented by,
Nervous Disease, Commits.
' . Suicide. ..
Mrs. Julia Augusta, wife of William C.
Wright of, 2524 Washington street, com
mitted "suicide last Monday night by as
phyxiating herself with illuminating gas.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning a daugh
ter of Mrs. Wright noticed the odor of
gas in the neighborhood of . her, mother's
room... She made a search, and not find
ing Mrs. Wright there,. traced the escap
ing gas to a room adjoining, where she
found her, mother lying dead on the floor
and the stopcock of the gas burner open
Mrs.. Wright was the wife of William C
Wright, one of the- proprietors of Gray's
undertaking establishment. She was 58
years old and had been afflicted for a long
time with a, : nervous affection, compli
cated with "insbmnia. .This brought on de
spondency, which is believed to have de
ranged her mind and impelled her to com
mit the act of. self-destruction.
, NEW YORK, Dec. 3.-Lawrence Larsen, the
young football player whose back was broken
in a football rame last Saturday, died to-day.
SIX COMPANIES
COLLECTS FUNDS
Compels Chinese Passen
gers on Doric to Pay
Tribute.
Money to Be Used to Defeat
Passage of the Exclu
sion Act.
The Chinese Six. Companies has com
menced a •. determined, .fight against the
re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion
act. It is endeavoring to raise a fund for
the prosecution of the flght. A few days
ago the Six • Companies caused proclama
tions to be posted on the dead walls of
Chinatown requesting the Chinamen to
make contributions to the fund. It is
understood .that the. wealthy Chinese
merchants are subscribing liberally and
that already a very substantial amount
has been secured. ■ ■•: -V
The vigor with which the Six Com
panies intends to carry on the flght for
unrestricted Chinese immigration is well
illustrated by the manner in which it
levied a tax on Mongolians yesterday. The
Doric, which was the first vessel to leave
for China since the inauguration of the
fight, sailed yesterday. She was sched
uled to carry in the neighborhood of 200
Chinese. When the hour of departure
drew near and, the Chinese began to ar
rive, representatives . of the Six Com
panies made their appearance on . the
dock. They stopped every Chinaman and
compelled him to contribute toward the
fund. Not a single Chinaman was al
lowed to escape payment of the tribute
•unless he could show a receipt as evi
dence that he had already contributed.
The assessment was light, not over $3
in each case. In most cases the Ori
entals subscribed freely, but some proved
reluctant, to part with the coin that they
had earned in this country and were car
rying home to China.
In the proclamation which the Six Com
panies, issued it did not designate how
the fund is to be used in accomplishing
the defeat of the exclusion act, but there
is a well defined rumor to the effect that
it is to be expended in removing any feel
ing . which ' Eastern people may have ad
verse to the admission of Chinese.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ORDERS
ITS TRACKS PATROLLED
Great Precautions Taken Against
Danger From Landslides During
-• Wet Weather.
• With heavy storms come landslides.
The Southern Pacific Company is taking
extraordinary precautions this winter to
prevent wrecks and accidents through
washouts or defective tracks. * • . .
The accident to the eastbound overland
during the- early part of this year' has
caused the railroad company "to adopt a
more vigorous system . of patrolling its
tracks to see that the rails and roadbeds
are kept in perfect condition.
Assistant Manager Foster said . yester
day that during the wet weather the
tracks are being patrolled by a double
force and that the chances of an accident
are not more than under ordinary circum
stances. • -:
A slight amount of rain fell.' in San
Francisco and along the coast to the
north yesterday. A high wind, which at
tained, a. velocity of thirty miles an hour
and which carried with it a heavy rain,
swept the Sacramento Valley. Outside
the harbor the weather was rough and Is
likely to continue so through the day.
Forecaster McAddie predicts southeaster
ly winds and rain for to-day.
Thoroughbreds at Auction.
The highest price paid at the sale of
thoroughbred horses last night at ths'
Occidental -.Horse, Exchange was. $2500.
Burns &. Waterhouse paid this for a St.
Carlo yearling out of a mare by Or
monde. The prices realized were:
Yearlings, by Joe Rinley— Molly Brown, bay
fllly, $55, Mike Fox; Hyderfere, bay colt, $75,
J. J. Coalter; Walter H. brown colt, $70, Billy
Abbott; Ripper, bay colt, $140, Gaylon Brown;
Lfghtley, bay filly, $80, Fred Edwards; Joe
John, chestnut colt, $200, Sandy McNaughton.
Yearlings, by St. Carlo-St. Winifride, chest
nut fllly, $900,,. Johnny Campbell; Coronal, bay
colt, out of Orellana by Ormonde, $2500, Burns
& Waterhouse: Meneiaus, chestnut- gelding,
$1100, Mr; McCreery; Young Marlow, bay geld
ing, $300. Burns & Waterhouse; Lord Carew,
chestnut gelding, $1200. Fred Edwards; Revolt,
chestnut filly, $1000, Gus Abercrombie; Siesta,
chestnut -filly, $180, L. Levy.
By imported Piccolo— Lord Elden, bay geld
ing, two. years old, $S0, A. Newcombe; Kermit.
brown Eeldlnsr. two years, $150. E. Hinkle;
Lady Gwyneth, • bay fllly, two years, $100, E.
Schwartz; Amber, chestnut fllly, two years,
$200, W. O'B. Macdonough; Golden Light,
chestnut gelding, three years, by Flambeau,
$100, R. . Doe:>f ner. • ■. • ; . *
Burns & Waterhouse horses in training —
Armada, $125, Gaylon Brown? Cathello, $275,
Clayton . & Co. ; Sally Sensible FlUy. $70, M.
Fitzpatrick; Panamlnt, $175, J. Creely; Rust
less, $130, J. Cohn; Duckoy, by imp. Brutus,
$1200. Green B. Morris; Dolly Wiethoff, $800,
D. Lee; Tompion, $250; Jack Harris; Gibral
tar, $700, H. A. Jones ; Pat Morrissey, $725, Dr.
Rowell; brown fllly by Lew Weir, $75, E.
Wheeler.
Sports.
; The handball games in the Olympic
Club tournament last night resulted as
follows: Melrose beat Krone, 21-9, 21-2.
Levy beat Stratford, 21-15, 20-21, 21-17.
Cartwright beat Hewson, 21-20, 15-21, 21-17.
Gleasori beat Prendergast,- 21-3, 21-8.'
The members of the athletic committee
of the Associated Students of Stanford
University have ■ made ! overtures to
Berkeley for an intercollegiate match at
handball. ,
W. C. Whitney's horse Jean Bereaud.by
His Highness, was sold yesterday in Ken
tucky for $1300. Two hundred and fifty
nine horses, the property of different
men, were sold at an average of $215 per
head. /
In the international billiard tournament
in New York yesterday George Sutton of
Chicago defeated Leonard Howlson ot"
Canada, by a score of 400 to 237. George
F. Slosson ' defeated Ora C. Morningstar,
the score being 400 to 135. .
Jim Popp, champion lightweight of
Canada, defeated Billy Armstrong of this
city last night at .Kansas City. Arm
strong lasted only five rounds.
■ Tom Cooper, who retired from bicycle
racing an'd went mining near Denver, has
gone to New York to ride in the six-day
race. •
Tom Sharkey posted a deposit of $2f>( > 0
yesterday in New York with a challenge
to Jeffries to fight for the championship.
He also posted $2500 on behalf of Daw
Sullivan to bring about a match with
Young Corbett.
Frank' T. Fowler of Chicago paid $5300
for the Percheron stallion Pourquipois.
.He won the championship in the ail-ago
class at the recent show there.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
FIVE YEARS FOR BURGLARY.— Fred
Clare, who pleaded guilty to a charge of burg
lary last Friday, was sentenced yesterday to
five years' imprisonment in San Quentln. : •
HELD FOR BURGLARY.— Frank Hayes and
Thomas Wljson were held by Judge Fritz yes
terday" to answer a charge or burglary. The
charge was preferred against them by Attor
ney T. J. Mlgley, whose house they entered.
ROBBERY CASE DISMISSED.— John I.
Carr, accused of robbing A. C. McKlnley • of
$43 on the night of August 11. was discharged
yesterday' by Judge Cook. The evidence
against him was insufficient to warrant a con
vlctlon. ;
BUNKO MEN JAILED— Captain Seymour re
ceived a letter yesterday • from Chief John J.
O'Connor, of. St. Louis announcing . that three
bunko men well known in this city have been
committed to jail there. The men- are- Robert
L. Evans, . William Fay and William <£artrey.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY,-Harry Ma
hony, brother > of County . Clerk-elect A. B.
Maliony, was severely injured yesterday by
.being thrown from a buggy at- the corner of
■McAllister and Larkin streets. He was treated
at the Central Emergency Hospital for bruises
about* the face .and head. He also complained
of internal injuries. .
ALMOST ASPHYXIATED.— David Fry. a
business . man from St. Louis, Mo., is lying
at the Central Emergency Hospital in a pre
carious condition . from ' inhaling ; carbon mon
oxide gas. -When Fry retired to rest Monday
night he neglected to ; close . the etopcock j after
extinguishing the . gas. He was. found at an
early hour yesterday morning by his landlady
in an unconscious condition. ;. . ■ ,
MISS CALIFORNIA IS A DOLL
WORTHY OF THE GOLDEN STATE
FEATURES OF THE INTERNATIONAL. DOLL, EXHIBITION. BEING HELD IN THE MAPLE ROOM OF THE PAIr.
ACE HOTEL FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL OLD LADIES' HOME, AND FOUR LA
DIES WHO ARE DOING GOOD WORK.
ESPITE the rain yesterday the
attendance at the International
Doll Show was gratifying to the
i patronesses of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladles' Home. The
maple room of the Palace presented a
novel appearance. Dolls of all lands
stared the visitor in the eye, but of all
,the lay figures in the collection the doll
that ■will represent this -State in future
exhibits was the queen.'
Miss California is a beauty. She typi
fies the beautiful women of the Golden
State. She. possesses all the graces that
the far-famed girls of this State possess.
She. has. auburn- hair, large eyes of mid
night blackness, peaches-and-cream com
plexion and a figure that is set*off by a
gown that would make the ballroom belle
turn green with envy. The doll stands on
a. pedestal in the center . of • the maple'
room. • She is queen of all she surveys and
the offerings of the nobility and of other
cities- must bow to her supreme majesty.
Miss California is yet to be christened.
The entire State has an opportunity of
saying whether this beautiful doll shall
be called Dolores, Carmellta, Raraona,
Juanita, Mariqulta, Mercedes or-Tnez. All
these names are Californlan and visitors
and residents of interior, cities will have
an opportunity, of voting for a name for
her. ■'"._■. ; ■
Miss California's gown flts her like a
glove. It is on a par with any costume
turned out by Worth. As described by
Mrs. Daniel McLeod, who planned her
gown, it is of taffeta silk, with an over
dress of white chiffon, with corded bands
of yellow silk. The bottom is trimmed
with yellow velvet.' The .waist is de
collete. As for the lingerie, it Is worthy
of a bride's trousseau.
" The maple room has been prettily deco
rated with potted plants and greens. Flags
are used in profusion and the dresses of
the dolls present a variety of color that
adds to the Bay scene. Sweet music is
discoursed by fair musicians. Adjoining
the exhibition room is a cafe where vis
itors may sip ices and partake of refresh
ments of all kinds.
The exhibition will Surely be a success.
The child takes as much interest in the
dolls as the parent. Every doll has. Its
history. Some have traveled thousands of
miles. . Queens, have helped garb them.
The humblest homes have sent forth their
contributions. Clubs throughout the world
have made offerings. The costuming is
extremely interesting. - The doll of spools
vies with the . one of bisque. The Queen
Racing at New Orleans.
. NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 3.— Crescent CJty re
sults: • ' ; : ... - ■/
First race, one mile— Dorothy Lee won, Ida
Penzance second, Queen third. Time, VAVA.
. Second race, six . furlongs— Fake won. ' Ka
toma second, Ed Gartland II third. Time. 1:16.
Third r race, steeplechase, short course—GUs
sandro won, Divertlsement second. Danger
Line third. Time, 3:13%.' ■
Fourth, race, selling, one mile— Banished
won, Beana second, Elsie Bramble third.
Time, r l:47%. :.. .." ' ■ .
■ Fifth race, .selling', mile and a . quarter—
Judge | Steadman won, Woodtrice second, Ben
Chance '.third.- Time. 2:16. - •' • .; . - .
Sixth race, one mile — Little Scout won. King-
Tatius second, Dandola third. Time,' 1:48^:
INJURED , BY FALLING WALL.— Frank
Boring, ■- a . carpenter residing at 1708 .. Howard
street, sustained a compound : fracture of the
right thigh yesterday . while at work' on a
new building at ■ Eighteenth ■ , and ■" Folsom
streets. Part of a wall , which was being ele
vated: into position fell and struck Boring. He
was removed .to the City and County Hospital.
of Roumania and the ex-Queen of Hono
lulu are fittingly represented. Sweden
sends forth Christine Nilsson, a flaxen
haired doll, in native . costume, which
smiles sweetly on the visitor.
The exhibition will continue until next
Saturday afternoon. Society, ladies are
aiding the charitable institution by at
tendance each day and by generous con
tributions. The patronesses of the bazaar
are: : ■
Mr*.' R. B. Sanchez. Mrs. C. ' E. GibbS. Mrs.-
G. W.- Kline, Mrs. James ■ Newlands, Mrs. S.
L. Foster, Mrs. P. I. Asbury, Mrs. B. E. Bab
cock, Mrs. George L. Baker, Mrs. Phillip Ca
duc, Mrs. Alfred Clarke. Mrs. J. F. D. Curtis.
Mrs. John Landers Mrs. K. J. Lion, Mrs. J.
V. D. . Middleton, Mrs. A. M. Prindle, Mrs. M.
A. Ramus, Mrs. George Reed. Mrs. John I.
Sabln. Mrs. Louis C, Sanford, Miss Selby, Mrs.
George Sneath, .Mrs. F.; L. ; Southack. Mrs. E.
M. Spaldlng and Mrs. George Wellington.
The Daughters of California Pioneers
held an election of officers on Monday aft
ernoon in the parlors of Pioneer Hall.
Following was the result: • • '
President, Mrs. Alice McW. Morse: vice pres
ident, Miss Lucy F. Adams: recording secre
tary, Mrs. Henry P. Tricou; financial and cor
responding secretary. Miss Josephine Tfllman;
treasurer, Mrs. Mary McW.- Palmer; directors,
Miss M, r S." Galloway, Mrs. Ella Lees Leigh,
Mrs. A. F. Lefflngwell Mrs. Joseph Boucher,
Mrs. J. J. Donnelly, Miss Nellie B. White and
Mrs. Romie B. Hutchlnson.
Colonel William Cornwall c£ Honolulu
was presented with a loving cnp by his
friends at a dinner tendered him at the
Bohemian Club last night. Among those
who partook of the repast were: John D.
Spreckels, William G. I win;. Walter Gib
son, Charles Hug, Robert Moore and J.<C.
Wilson. " > ' .
Miss Kathryn Robinson was the guest
of honor at a dinner given by Mrs.' Paul
R. Jarboe last Monday evening. - The
Blair mansion on Van Ness avenue, which
is being occupied' by the Jarboes for the
winter, was the scene of the elaborate
function. The table decorations consisted
of red berries and green foliage and
flowers. in profusion. The menu was a
dainty one. Among those seated at the
banquet board were: " •
Mrs. Paul R. 'Jarboe. Mrs. •William Douglas
Hassam, Miss Kathryn Robinson, M1S3 Therese
Morgan, Miss Helen Dean, Miss Pearl Landers,
Mlsa Gladys McClung, Baron ,Frltz von Hillw,
Frank Lee Owen, Reddlck McKee Dupcru. Hu
bert Mee and Joseph Tobln Jr.
Mrs. Marvin R. Higglns was th2 hosted?
Will Refund Duties.
Following the decision fn tha Philip
pines cases published yesterday morning
In a Washington dispatch Customs Col
lector Stratton received yesterday the
following dispatch from the Secretary of
the Treasury:
Discontinue renutrement ' entry- and collec
tion of duty on merchandise shown by mani
fest of vessel to be shipped fronftPhllipplnes.
All free delivery goods in bond. Wtain cigars
and clsrarettes until internal re\?nue stamps
are affixed under circulars ■ eighty-one and
eighty-five current year. Refund will be made
by certified statement where protest duly filed
- L. J. GAGE, i
Soldier Found Dead.
An unknown colored soldier was found
asphyxiated in a room at 301 Montgomery
avenue , yesterday afternoon. ■ It is not
known whether the man died by accident
or whether he destroyed his dwn life.
at a pleasant luncheon given at the So
rosls' Club yesterday. Nearly 100 guests
partook of her hospitality; The affair was
an extremely pleasant one and the mem
bers and invited guests enjoyed them-*
selves. . ' ■;•»•--•
.;: ADVEETISEMENTS.
CATARRHAL GOLDS
s^» CURED
;. ' fW: W HOURS';
AURORA. N. T., Jan. 28, ISM. ■
The R.: T. Booth Co.:
Dear-Sirs: On Monday «f this week I wu ra ■
the thickest of one of my aVful catarrhal colds,
the kind that makes life not wortlx-llvinjr I
began using HTOMEI and its effeefcrwere won-
derful. I was greatly relieved In a few hours
and to-day am as sound as a dollar without
one bad effect remaining. Very truly yoxm.
-. . C. B. MORGA2*.
■'■ It Is the .easiest thing in the world ta
stop a catarrhal cold Just at its beginning
and but very little trouble to cure on©
after it has become settled. "
All you are obliged to do Is to Inhale
the new 'germicide HTOMEI every now
and then during: the day.
. HYOMEI is .not a nauseating, stomach,'
medicine which will disarrange the whole
digestive system and . create other dis-
eases far more dangerous than a cold, but
a dry germicide taken in the alp you
breathe.
The HYOMEI inhaler ia carried in th*
vest pocket and you can cure or prevent
coughs, croup, catarrh; pneumonia acd
consumption by simply breathing through
it for five or ten minutes dally;
It is guaranteed.
HYOMEI is sold by all druggists or sent
by mail for the following prices. ,'HYO-
MEI Outfits complete, $1.00; Trial Outfits,
25c;. HYOMEI Balm. 23c. Send for five
days' treatment free and our little book-
let on respiratory diseases. .It may. save'
your life. ■
the R. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y,
f DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by malt.
Cures guaranteed. . -.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA&
—
1112
bAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, coiner of Market and Third etreets; open
ur»il 1! cVlotk every nicht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _27 Montgomery street
corner Clay: ci^n urtil S:30 p. m.
(3<"1> Hayes street: «ron until 9:30 p. m.
€3* McAl'.ii'cr «!-«-et: open until 9.30 p. m.
Si: La-.Uin street: o|>on unt!* 9:30 p. m.
1941 MTi-kfca street: open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
urtil S |i. :n.
If* KWen-.h rtr#*t open until 9 p. tn.
3CM Valencia street : open until !» p. m.
Korthweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; open ur.til 9 p. m.
2200 Fill more street; open until S p. m.
JIEETIXC; .NOTICES.
SCOTTISH Rite Drill Corps «<-- -s,
will meet THIS EVENING at A^M^i^K
the Mechanics" Pavilion ht & fr^W^^A
o'clock. All Scottish Kite Ma- .vi3i*_if^;_3
frons are invited to attend. By wj (StF? • )33
GEO. FILMHR. Captain. V57*JHj7vfc
FRANK V KEESLING. ' -i/f^r^J
Acting Adjutant. *~ ~*-~ ,
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and S. m
M-. will meet THIS « WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. Ppc. 4. at 8 o'clock, for 1«L?\
l"jsiue*s. degrees and election of offi- ' >
cers. By order of the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
XOVST Moriah Lodge No. 41, F. and j_ j
A. M.— Annual etat^d mwl'ng x*"" .J% !
1 WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:80 K_K
o'clock. Election of otfacem. »
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodgr No. 136. F. and A. M., ■
will meet TO-DAY at 9:45 a. m. to at-__?V_
t^nd the funersl of our late Brother. J£ 5f
DAVID E. BAILY. of Olympia Lodge /Tr\
No. 1. Washington. Funeral committees are
Invited. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1S9. F. and A. _T~
M.— Annual meeting THIS Dec. 4 at__#%
7:30 p. m. Ttjt
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. »
M.— Annual stated meeting THIS Jk
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Dec. 4, at if V
7:30 o'clock. /VN
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122. I. O. v *s«2K«,
' '. F.— The members of the fu- iSy^xt.
:-:al committee are herebv noti- ■=§S^! I £2?
fled to nf«?mb!e at Odd Fellows' * 5^iw*
Hall WEDNESDAY. December 4. at 1 o'clock
J>. m.. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN GUNDELACH. P. G. By
order st the ljd^e.
ALEC B. BROYER N G
CHRIST ROKBEIt Rec. Sec.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. F. ,...._.
Initiation and election of * of-
ficers THIS EVENING, Dec. 4. ?=$<S>S?
Visitors cordially invited. '%il^
J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N G
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec. ->• <*•
NATIONAL UNION. Call- _<~tttuii 1 "
iornia Cojncil, meets TO- <w g^» =^wi ■ r^t
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall,
Fourth Bt.. at S o'clock (in >»
Its! new hall). Visiting friends cordially in-
vited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEX. Secretary.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN l! I
and B. Society— AH officers and ,»Au
members of the above society -^____
are hereby notified to attend their g&npiSiA
regular monthly and nomination $£S_>UE&»i
meotirp THIS (WEDNESDAY) ! 1 tf£J_(fctf r fcS
EVENING. Dec. 4. 1S01, at 7:30 $$nfftjy3
p. m.. at 909 Market, Bt, to nom- v5Wai*2f/
inte new officers for the ensuing >?C*'*'!j^
year Q902). By order of
S. T. GERUNOVICH. Pres.
EPino S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society-Offl- I
cers and members, attend your regu-
lar quarterly meeting on WEDNES- &-tt£3
DAY EVENING. December 4, 190L 5£^£
st 7:10 sharp. There will be nomi- w^ l *» >i: '
nation of orflcera for the coming year, also
•lonaticns and appropriations and other very
important business will be transacted. By
order cf M. SCANATICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Rec Sec.
TAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO.. Office
S27 Market et. San Yrancisco. Nov. 20. 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
rtockholders of the Paauhau Eugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
comnany. 227 Market - st. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
h*r. 1S0L at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpow of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
rxrpcse of amending paragraph I of article
Xm of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
and for «uch other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Nov. 2fi. J901. at 2 o'clock p. m,- By order
cf the rresident.
H. W. THOMAS. g*T*tary-
AGEXTS WANTED.
GOOD steady agent: to rieht man will pay sal- ;
■rjr and commission. BROWN. 418 Larkin et.
RELIABLE a^entF wanted. J. A. HOFF-
MAJCX. 121» Bush st
ASZ'IIALTITM KOOFIXG. |
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 1186 Mission: teL Folsom 2477.
CITT ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. !
■————■—»—————_————————————————————_——————_—————— 1
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenlmrs by appointment; phone John 31S1.
G. W. HOWE. £50 Market st.. cor. Stockton. |
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy : col-
lection*: attachments: mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships: deeds; wills drawn;fees low;0pen
eve's. THURSTON, I00S% Mkt. r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market 6t. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ct.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Snle or Exchnnse.
GOOD eecond-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up-
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL
y 309 Larkin st.
]? on CHIM1RE3J.
A GERMAN ladv would like to take care of a
child not under 2 years; good home. 394 Fifth
st.. corner Harrison.
DESIRABLE sunny home for children under 4
years; mother's care; references. 142 11th st.
BOOKS — NEW AXD . OLD. ~~
B ?2$x,2i 'SZ™ kini bought. TeI~ReT»58"
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
TRUNKS of everj' description at bedrock
prices. Factory and galesroom. E26 Howard.
BUSIXKSS CUAXCES.
A-S300; EALOON71nTlu"ding 8 furn'lsheTroojnsl
a splendid paying business; lease; location
_ s_o^ffla.'a. c -SZ5r t s. Miir one - Cal1
A— $1500; BAKERT, including stock; rent J40-
Sy^JS? 1 **'- **** loca «°n: no opposition; es-
tablished, years; good paying; sickness of
owner oniy cause of eale. See *t G WILKE
'X\s Kearny st '
A— «2000; HAIR more with manicure parlors
cltarins at least 5200 per month; location close
fo Chronicle bldg.: place eBtabl. 10 years; only
best class of customers. Call R. G. WILKE
;6»« Kearny st. ' 1
B A ~ FLORIS T store, near Market et. and Grant i
Kn S »^? S : * «Plw>dld paying business.
call K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-S300; HALF-INTEREST in one of the best
pjj-lug saloons on Pacinc St.. near Montgom-
«♦>, or will sell whole place for $600; part-
Kfers don't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $600; SALOON on Sansome st; rent $25- verv
iS? Hit'?™? Uon , and a )rood vayin * business:
tor particulars. K. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny.
I A nf B Th. C r_?F K an .f ,. ome f hoU6e: on!y 1' block
wiTS-ii^v Riding; bargain. Call R. G.
uILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt
A-$400; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
•5?^? 8t A^f b ° Utl bIock from Market; reS
,^.*^, P»ying buslnesa. Call R. G.
W ILKE. 2S»i Kearny et.
A-S3000; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
I'uiiair.?; if you mean business I give you par-
Uculars. R. G. 36% Kearny "t
Wit have all kinds of business chances-If you
want to buy. come and see our H«f we can
suit rcu; Ktlkr* do we:- to list their proper^
& CO.. i>27 Market Bt, room 20S.
POR SALE— 30-foot sloop, first-class condition-
new sells; must be so!d this week- price S">V
MILES & CO.. S27 Market St.. roim20S.
.McBRIDE A. CO.. 763 Market «C "
If you want to buy or efell business, call at
our office, room 2; see our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly inquiry costs noth-
FOR SALE. ~~ " "
Saloon; good location.
Apply 641 Sacramento street.
Room three. *
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
Long list of businesses for sale; please cull. 1
CIGATt. notion and grocery store; free rent; 4
furnished rooms: trade $12 per dav; $300. Pa-
cific Exchange. 7G5 Market st.
$350— PARTNER wanted In the manufactures
buKlnctc; clears £1W) to $150 per month to aacii
P-Jtner. Call 925 Market ct. room 1».
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make
money, be» C. L. HEDGES. 461-2 Parrott big.
A— CAUTION"; don't buy any- business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; %\. 462 Parrott big.
I A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! j
I Do vou want to sell your business, or do you j
I want a partner for a legitimate business ? We j
can sell- your business or secure a partner 1
quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. V1ERECK & CO..
.Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason.
AN experienced business man required as an
active partner in an old established live
•wholesale 1<ibb!ns and manufacturing coitee
and spies bu? ; r.ess located in oui wholes-]*
district: an excellent business opening for
the riciit man; principals only. Address box.
2417. O<U1 }off.ce. .
SALOON, with rooms, for sale cheap. 80 Jack-
son st.
RESTAURANT— Great sacrifice; must be 6oid;
wholesale and milling district. 511 Branuau.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St., north of Market.
$1000— A GROCERY business in residence part
of San Jcse. Address A, Call office, San Jose.
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
can secure good investment and position with
risiia- bouse. Address O. STEWART, 27 Mar-
ket St.. Sai: Francisco.
FOR eale— A gcod planing mill In a lumber
1 yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 439. Healdsburg, Cal.
$1000— SALOON for sale. In the best business
! part of Nai>a. For particulars address P. O.
box S2. Napa, Cal.
i BUYERS— Have all kinds business chances and
real estate for sale. See other agents, then
eee FRANK E. DENNEN. r.2S, 14 McAllister.
OYSTER hcuse for sale on account of sicki.eas;
good trade- call any afternoon. 4C6 Third st
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply C29
Halght et.
RESTAURANT; good place man and wife; ex-
penses low; low rent Box 2443. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; price
$550. 1030 Montgomery St.. cor. Vallejo.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
54-ROOM corner house $4000
• 10 rooms on Eddy st £50
18 rooms on Third et 950
24 rooms. 2 fronts; clears $200 1G00 1
33 rooms: best in the city 2000.
60 rooms; sure to clear $3u0 3600
call for my list of bargains in
Lodging-houses.
From 6 to «i00 rooms; prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES.
..From 8 to 350 rooms; prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to S0O rooms; prices $W0 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
....From 4 to 15 rooms; prices $200 to. $2000....
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
. ... MENTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN:
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE.
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market: phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st ...Tel. Davis 281.
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700.
16-room flat. new. modern and well furnished;
best location; housekeeping.
CASH $4000.
35 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator, modern Improvements.
CASH $2000.
40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500. <
18-room rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent.
CASH $1500.
52-room workingman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop: reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout; new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES. HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR L^RGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $30 cash. bal. payments $150
22 rooms; income S200: elegant: bargain.. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash '..... 1000
25 rooms; clears SCO; payments 400
99 rooms: grand corner: clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable: clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 9C6 Market st.
40 ROOMS;' sunny and every room rented: good
j location: clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
« r.; modem flat: Van Ness; new $3-V>
14 r. : rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 900
34 r.; good cor.: fur., carp.: low rent.. 2700
f3 r. ; cor. apart.; tctal expense per mo. 173
21 r.; rent low; good house every way.... 2150
24 r.; rent $63; Al loc: reduced to 1000
23 r.: offices: rent $110; els. $200: investigate
14 r.: rent $40: trans, loc: clears $100 — 1300
7 r.; rent $45; modern flat: leaving city.. 375
.; A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st; some bar-
gains for to-day.
44 r.; good transient house; cheap $2100
56 r. : on Ellis ft: good paying R500
3S r. ; on Market St; business location.. 2000
100 r. : on Howard Ft.; money maker 1100 j
5 rooms. and bath: good, nice flat 275
6 rms. and bath: fine location, fittings.. 600
These are all good locations and bargains; 50
more houses on list. We loan money on
lodging-houses. If you have business for
sale, we can sell quick for cash. Call at 765
Market St.. rooms 1 and 2.
~ ; Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodfrirer-hout'es or real estate,
I HAVE 516- HOUSES FOR SALE.
j 10 r. : rent $32; respectable hi cash; cent. $300
18 r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building:
all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 650
26 r. : sunny side; cUan: -clears $95 month. 1600 j
34 r. ; rent $100: well furnished; fine bus.. 2200 j
46 r.; Sutter; first class: clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Sutter st. ; fashionable family hotel. 9000 '
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market ft 1026 Market st.
' (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
13 rooms; piano, fewing machine included. $900
40 rooms; rent $60; good corner 2000
40 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 2200
43 rooms; central; Just listed 2200 J
22 rooms: cheap rent: part cash: only 950
..500 OTHER HOUSES TO SELECT FROM..
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room, !
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
etreet: offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars ln-
«juire of AV. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J St..
Sacramento. Cal. . .
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 roorcs; nice private boarding-house $851
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good buy. 1300
?."; rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 14 1 *)
46 rooms; low rent; part caeh; bargain... 4000
BUYERS — Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. '-
Phone Mint 19fl. 917. Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
i and orices. In all parts of the city: get our
list flrst. MITCHELL. & CO.. 1206 Market st. I
LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location In this
city; 15 roomsj'turn people away every night;
$450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
BUYERS— Before buying a . 'house ,see other
t agents, then eet my list and lowest prices.
FRANK E. DENNEN. rm..28. 14 McAllister.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^^R9?^Rr~i^tNllAM;^l7ltuaT"^^d^m
and life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun..
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materiallz-
(ng medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. DOc. 1084 Bush st.
ALHENDO— Materializing seance to-night. 8
o'clock. 50c. 1304 Post. nr. Franklin; tel. Lar-
kin 5S7.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1:
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
' A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st: satisfactory
readings. 50c. $1; circle- every night, 10c.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th nr~
Guerrero; readings by mail; sittings daily.
BROCKWAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday. Thurs~
day. 25c. S:15 p. m.: readings dally. 1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES. 118 6th Et— Test circle to-night
only 10c: 8:15. private readings.
MME. DU PREE, 11S'£ Ellis, r. 4-Card readk
Ing lggsor.B given; cards marked for reading.
ETHEL HODGE CRINDLE — Materializing
seance Wednesday eve., 50c. 325 Ellis st.
EDWARD KARLE. J2S Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings S:30 to 5; seance ■ Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall7l33 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; i-lttlngs dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM*
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change In business? Are ycu 111. depressed or
uncertain? Why not teek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
contalnlnc Etarnp answered. BROOKS, 12C6
a»arket rooms 24 and 35. ; cor. Golden Oate.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader.' born, with double ; veil— second sight*
dlasncses djseases with life reading; lades c0 !>
gent* $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901.
n.uRvnvwT'i- r """'""':'- ;.
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARV!
. CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. -
CLAIRVOYANT-PALMIST. .
'li '1 '. SIR HENRY PRICHARD. V
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME, AGE, OCCUPATION, WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS. LOVE; MARRIAGE.
■ Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovera' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; nq charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rooms 13. 14. flrst. floor,
1104-MARKET STREET-1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand s.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
loc»t-d st 17 Third ei.. next Examiner bldg. She
rea"ds your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
ecrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble. . discontented, un-
happv or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be. told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4o69.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 12C6 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, ™
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
LADIES. 5Cc; clairvoyant, scientific palmist,
card reader, tells you how to be successful
in your undertakings and all things pertain-
ing to life. PROF. WELLER. 1007V2 Market
Et. near Sixth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
It poslte Sixth: private readings daily,- 10 a, m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12. a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis st, clairvoyant
crystal seer: reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
Ings, 50c, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME LAROSE, 777% 'Market st, room 21, the
gifted clairvoyant, card reader; 25c up.
! CLAIRVOYANT, card reader- from Louisiana;
! only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents DOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CARD reading, palmistry included. 25c; ladles
only. 2S9 Fell st. ■
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;'
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. i
CARD reading: ladies. 10c: gentlemen, 25c. 625
; Minna st.. near Seventh.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING. |
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carnet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying; |
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. l T 03 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
233 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) r.o knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chi-
ropodist Indorsed by med. prof'n. 3C4 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency: 6th
floor; 91S Market St.: advice free. Te.1. Bush
194: able body of attorneye.
COTTAGES TO LET. "
A — SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms, bath; modern.
2211 Webster St.. near Clay. i
COTTAGE, large grounds, barn, chicken
I houses, flowers. Call LOUDON'S, 317 Powell
st. from 12 to 3.
. OEKTISTS.
A^Dr". T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bJdg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices ;^pure gold fillings, $1 50: other fill-
ings, $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. .
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
; wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-15ENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Wood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50
up; office hours. 9 a., m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.. S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
j PARIS Dental Pirlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentlsti, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can cave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to PR, BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates, i
i SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polx gt.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c; rlatesfSup; phone Folk 1135.
DR. H. G.TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG .HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordlan and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER,- 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL., ~\~~
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^KLECTRicAlT ENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A YRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship
spelling, Spanish, etc; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured ;, cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.;
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER.
MARSH COLLEGE., Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
j CALIFORNIA Bjislness College; most thorough
I modern methds; positions for all graduates;
j new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
! MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, • typ-
I ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
1 rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
I ENGINEERING-^-Civil, elcc, mlning.mech.sur-
i vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est 1S64. Van
i der NaHlen School. 113 Fulton, nr.. City Hall.
j EOOKKEEPING. figures; the one man who per^
1 fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
' era is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only ' $60. < San , Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School
i associated with theatrical agency securing po-
i sltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
A— Miss Bolte's School.' 2734 Pine st. ; board;
I Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
! VITTORIO DINO.' Italian teacher, gives les-
I sons at pupil's home; price 00c. Box 1858, Call.
VAUDEVILLE School " of Acting— Pupils pre-
, pared for the stage. 125 Mason st - ■ .
BOUVIERE School of Acting. 26 O'Farrell st.
room 30:. positions guaranteed.
PROF. C. . Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
' Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. .MERKI, good
• teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected. :
j _^EDL'CATIONAL — Continued.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st.
FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity: $5.
I 220 .• Parrott bldg., gives particulars. ,
MARY P. WESTHAUS~piano7 mandolin, guitar
_lessons, 50c; piano lor practice. ' 39 Fifth St.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
I specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-night class. 424 Pine st
HEALD'S Business College. 24*Post St. S. F.;
founded 1863: .new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr, 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFIC _ E j?^__
A— JAPANESE~reiiablT"house cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita, 1233 Page st: tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-ChinesetEmployment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTEJ^ITlf* 33^^^!^
2 TRAINED nurses, having best of physicians'
references, wish situations. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st_
LADY would like a position as companion to
an elderly or Invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an elderly. couple;!
reference. Box 1509, Call office. j
BY German lady, to work by the day. wash-
Ing or housecleaning. Call at 453 Tehama
st., ' 6:33 p. m.
YOUNG woman with a child would like posl-
' tion as housekeeper for respectable person.
Box 2563, Call office.
MIDBLE-AGED Swedish lady desires a situa-
tion as seamstress or nurse for children. Call
at • 26G4 Twenty-second st. .' near Bryant.
GIRL wishes position to do general housework
or cooking; call Wednesday. 1014 Minna it.
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house
or hotel by January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board; best references. Box 251S, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 4t Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to ana from ferry.
COMPETENT- and reliable young woman de-
sires a place as nurse for Invalid or infant;
ex. ref.; wages $25 to $30. Box 2538, Call.
REFINED girl wishes light housework; no
■ children or window cleaning; $12. Address or
call Monday. 2334 Sutter et.
COLORED woman would like work by the day;
$1 50. MRS. A. ANDERSON, 153^_ Third st.
SEAMSTRESS would like a few more engage-
ments by the day. Address E., 615 Larkin st.
COLORED lady wants situation as cook for
private family or boarding-house. 1006 Clay st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to j do at
home. 230% Third st. ;
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash
dishes in hotel in city; reference. 917 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ani subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE^
COMPETENT vineyardist and orchardist. with
long practical California experience In prun-
ing, wlnemaklng and all branches pertaining
to the industry, wishes position as foreman or
general manager; good references. For In-
formation apply to room 23, third floor,
Crocker bulldinr.
YOUNG hotel man wants position as clerk, bus
driver, porter, etc.; steady position more than
large wages; country preferred. Box 2364,
Call office, Oakland. .
RELIABLE young man wants situation as man
about place; handy with horses. Box 2555,
Call office. —
YOUNG man attending school wants place to
work for his board. Box 1507. Call office.
WANTED— By an elderly, reliable man, em-
ployment; small wages. Address box 2439. Call.
YOUNG man, about 27, steady, sober and
quick at figures^ desires office or clerk's posi-
tion : hardware preferred; speaks French and
English fluently; references; salary no object
to start. Apply box 1534, Call office.
YOUNG man would like work -of any kind
where he will have ecnie time for study. Box
2419. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by' young man as a waiter
in a. small place; willing to work; 1 can give
recommendation. Address box 2535, Call.
RELIABLE man wishes a position; thoroughly
understands the care of trotting horses. C.
A. MILLER, box 2545. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
and 6 years' experience in San Francisco,
wants lodging-house to manage; either salary
or per cent of profits. Box 2524, Call office.
WANTED — By competent and trustworthy man
(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. Address 386 Forty-fifth St., West
Oakland.
GERMAN, steady, sober man. desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little cooking. K.
L., 261 Jessie st. • ■
WANTED— A position as Janitor; can furnish
first-class reference. Address 2727 Franklin st
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
in private family: understands any style cook-
Ing Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ~ established at 1096
Valencia st
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial- propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
MONTEZUMA shares; we have some for sale
at lower prices. Box 2567, Call office.
FLATS, TO LET.
NEW flat to rent and furniture for sale cheap;
very sunny and best location. Call at LON-
DON'S. 317 Powell St., bet. 12 and 3.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 39 Julian ave.,
bet. 14th and 15th. >Ilssion and Valencia sts.
WALLER, 1708. near Park— Sunny upper flat. 3
; rooms. $11; inclosed porch; gas; mantels. -
O'FARRELL, 1935— Fine modern flat, 6 sunny
rooms, bath, basement, yard; 'reasonable.
REFINED couple want to rent for $18 small,
neat, furnished flat. 1614 Jones st.
NICE lower flat, 6 roomB, bath; yard and gar-
den; $20. 963 Oak st.
VALENCIA, 649, bet 16th and 17th-$17 50;
cheapest flat in city; 5 sunny rooms,* bath.
FLATS WANTED.
A NEW and neatly furnished flat of 3 or 4
rooms, north of Market. Box 2566, Call office.
r_ FURKITUttE FOR SALE..
6 ROOMS furniture for sale; must be sold. 963
Jefferson St., Oakland; call from 10 to 2 daily.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 50, with No. ~7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market at; -tel. South, 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted ; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 German nurses. $20; 6 waitresses,
city and country hotels, $20 and $25; restaur-
ant waitress, S25; 4 second girls for city and
Oakland, $20 and $25; cleaning woman for in-
stitution, $20; Protestant cook, $35; cook,
plain wash, $30; 44 girls for general house-
work in nice American families, $20 and $25,
city and country. Apply to J..F. CROSETT
& CO.. 331 Sutter st. V
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183
Places for all • kinds of ■ help, waitresses,
chambermaids to assist, cooks, ironers, . house-
girls, second ghis ■ nurseglrls, best of wages.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st -. -■--■• ■'
AN experienced ;! cashier. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■ ■ ~-
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L SAMTER & SON. 51S
Market st. :
■ . - - - . . ■ ■
■ ■ ~ ■ \ ■ ■
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con .
A— MRS. M. B. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$<.S; restaurant waitress, $7 no evening or
Sunday workr 3 chambermaids to wait din-
ner, $23 . i
FAMILY DEPARTMENT «...
Cook. $30, American family; housegirl. Berke-
. ley. $25; housegirl, San Rafael, $25; housegirl,
city, choice place, $25; chambermaid, private
family, country. $20; woman with a child,
country, $15
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
TWO neat young r salesladies for candy store,
experience not necessary. $7 week to begin.
_MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn halr-
dresslng, manicuring, electrical face massage,
shampooing, dyefng and bleaching, etc.; full
course, 3 weeks; tuition $1 per week; positions
positively guaranteed; 4 good positions In fine
stores now open to those entering Immedi-
ately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
first and only school of the kind on Pacific
Coast; all others are imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
SMALL girl, 13 to 15 years of age, for light
housework; wages $7. 264 San Carlos ave.,
off Twentieth, near Mission.
SEWING machine operator wanted: awning
•work; one with experience preferred; good
wages and steady work. 1139 Mission st.
ACTIVE girls for light work in laundry, it 1
Nicholas Laundry, ♦ Seventeenth and Folsom.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 791 Mc-
Alllster st, near Octavla. _' «
GIRL for light housework, family of two, $8
to $10; "upstairs." 2464 Mission st.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Apply
2012 Golden Gate ave.
SEAMSTRESS for a lodging-house. 715 How-
ard St..
EXPERIENCED help on coats who under-
stands buttonhole work. 631% Stevenson st.
YOUNG woman; chambermaid and wait table.
Laclede House. 1116 Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking. Ap-
ply at 1S05 Laguna st.
WANTED— A girl to do housework and plain
cooking. Apply 825 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for light housework- small family. 719
Capp st; wages $10.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED — An experienced nurse girl. Apply
1453 Frankfin st; bet. 10 and 12 a. m. to-day.
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10. Apply 1130 Fulton st.
GIRLS, visit CALIFORNIA HAIRDRESSING
COLLEGE; we teach you hairdressing, sham-
pooing, manicuring, face steaming, massage,
electrical rolling,. cupping, bleaching and dye-
ing the hair; full course r 3 weeks' tuition, $1 50
per week. 305 Larkin, suite 6 and 7, 5th floor.
WANTED— Badly freckled ■ young or middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
- rearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment: good wages;
pleasant position. Room 52, Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium).
WILL lady who has children's misfit or left-off
clothes kindly give same to children of gentle-
man in straightened circumstances? Please
• write box 2531, Call office.-
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; 'electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st.
GIRLS, be Independent; entire course In hair-
dressing; 3 weeks, $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis St.. ground floor. *
GIRL for family of 4; must be good cook; ref-
erence; wages $30. Apply 1922 Broderlck st.
GOOD pants finishers wanted; steady work.
407 Turk st.
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; arm work; also girls
to learn. 725 Market st .
A YOUNG girl for housework. Call at 3627 Sev-
enteenth st. j ; ■
APPRENTICE; high-class dressmaker; also
chore girls. 1523 Bush st. "
OPERATOR on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
50 MORE silk waist hands: highest wages paid.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st. i ''
HELP WAATED— MALE. '
MURRAY & READY Main 584S Phone
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.634-636 Clay St.. S. F
OPEN 7 A. M.... ..:.
Machine hand, .country planing mill $3 day
Furnace man for mine $65 and house
Fireman for dredger $40 and found
5 miners, good mine, south $50 and found
5 muckers, quartz mine $75
It laborers, near city $27 50 and found
20 woodchoppers 15 tiemakers
Farmers, milkers, choreman, chore boy; 5
plow teamsters: 5 pruners, vineyard; cheese-
maker. see boss here. $35 and found.
Milk wagon driver, city $35 and found
Bakery wagon driver, city, references
: ...$30 and found
Cook, country hotel, fare $1 $45 and found
10 cooks, city and country Jobs
2 waiters. $10 week: 5 waiters, other jobs;
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER for country. $2 day and board:
cheesemaker, $35 and found; 3 farmers and
wives. $40, 6ee boss -here; bootblack for coun-
try, $10 week; buggy washer, ,$60; teamsters,
$30 and found. $2 to $2 50 day; ranch teamster.
$30 and found, see boss here: driver for milk
wagon, $30 and found; boys for wholesale
house. $4 to to week; harnessmaker for coun-
try. $9 to $12 week; machinists. $3 day. and
others. J. F, CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
. mento st.
COOK and wife, country hotel. $70; restaurant
cook, country, $50; waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.— Man
and wife for gentleman's ranch, near city,
$40. see party here; gardener and care horses,
private place, country. $25; competent wine
cellar man, with references; cheesemaker, see
boss here, $35; plain ranch blacksmith and do
chores* $25 to $30, see boss here; driver for
milk wazon, $30.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st .
Head gardener, $50; three steady ranch hands.
In Sonoma Co., at $25 a month to start with;
French waiter, $40; second cook, country,
south, $35; engineer, country hotel, $45; etc.
A MAN and wife for ranch, see party here 8:30
a. m. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cook, flrst-class country hotel.
WANTED— Reliable • man with $100 who can
write a plain hand for light indoor work;
will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 765 Market St.. room 3.
FIRST-CLASS coat and pants makers for the
country. J. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Mont-
gomery st.
PRESSMAN to take charge of four platen
presses; steady Job; state experience and
wages expected. Box 2564, Call- office.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to carry route on
morning paper; living In Western Addition
preferred. Apply at U2Mi Flllmore st
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing at 621 Sac-
; ramento St.
DISHWASHER 628 Fourth st.
BOY wanted to learn confectionery. 1205
Polk st.
BOY wanted to learn trade. Apply 141 Fre-
mont st.
. SHOEMAKER wanted. 756 Howard st
ALL slaes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
UNION barber: steady. 799 Geary st. '
ERRAND boy wanted; good pay. 304 Te-
hama st.
BARBERS— Good 2-chaIr shop for sale. 3215'
Market st. . ,
WANTED — Steady, trustworthy man as partner |
in old and well established fruit, vegetable
•and candy store: best - location In Oakland;
bargain to suitable party; $250 required. P.
t P.; 775 Washington st. Oakland.
BARKER shop; established 25 years. . Address
room 20. 24 Fifth st. • ■ ■
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 1074
Fifth st. ; . ,
.WANTED— Reliable young man with $125 cash;
- plain Indoor work; no experience; ■ $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market.
YOUNG man to learn confectioner's - trade In
cake shop at 108 Ninth st. .
WANTED— Retail druggist; good position to
.competent man. Box 2547, Call office.
COATMAKER "wanted to work in store; steady
- work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
BOYS, wanted to carry, telegrams,- $25 to $35
; per month. 300 Montgomery st. •
3-CH AIR barber - shop and cigar stand; bar-
gain; established 12 years.. 511 Castro st. ■
SECOND operator on custom coats. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 50c. 5C3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
-»M»— ■_TBim>TIifc)''Cll ntt'*ulm Wiiiiimh 1 'hiiii'i 'ain f_ii»7 «i_ffi«i -!_■ ■
HELP •WANTED— MALE Con.
.WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 Rnd 35: noi
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
•catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
McDONALD & PERRY ha\'e 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A.> E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
1 the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull Is. 3. 40. ' Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Houfe. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700. rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage tit and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillznore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•^inscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia gt. ■
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOOSES TO I.ET—FDRMSHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah st, off Halght. near the park.
HUKSKS AXU WaUOKS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. Dec. 4. at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentlw
broke and adapted to delivery wagons: excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $£0 to $!20
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
HORSE for light delivery; about 1100 pounds;
well broken. G. F. Roberts & Co., 1301 Polk.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies. cart3, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
LOST AND FOUND.
$25 REWARD will be given for return of old-
fashioned wedding dress, veil, slippers, em-
broidered vest and pair of old-time hand-
woven blue and white portieres, name and
date woven In corner. H. T. P., box 2422, Call.
LOST— Black greyhound bitch Elista In this
city near the ferry Monday, the property of
D. J. HEALEY. Petaluma. Return to Union
Coursing Park, office, room 413. Examiner big.
THE party that borrowed the blankets on the
Sausalito Saturday evening will kindly re-
turn same to J. O'BRIEN, In care of J.
Breuner Co.
LOST— Black greyhound bitch near ferry depot
Monday morning. Return to room 413, Ex-
amlner building, and receive reward.
LOST— Pocketbook, papers and keepsakes: no
ques.; reward. Return F. L. Gift, 102 Ellis st
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 'Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
LOST— Swiss shepherd doe; license No. 36S4.
Finder return to 623 Folaom »t; reward.
COCKER spaniel dog. black, white line on
breast; tagged. Return 2298 Baker St.; re-
ceive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th» Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS. "
TO order, also cleaned and- sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL. ' .
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
:' cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — Dr. & Mrs. Sweet Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 23 years' expe-
rience In midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence, 60S
Guerrero, nr. ISth; takes ladles before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board. $4; Infants adopted; every
.case guaranteed to be restored' to best of
health: advice free: phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, rellab'ls
ladies' specialists for female complaints: in-
Etant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Eddy st.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
. 1228 Market: maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8*30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
sj«cial'~' a private home before and during
•^Mflnement; best roeCical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market
DR. KG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILF.FR. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools. lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; also good working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers.
mortisers, saws, etc J. B. JAR DINE. 220
Fremont st
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
xork, drum Cottrell and 4-roller. 2-revolutlon.
front-delivery Campbell; rebuilt Hadwen-
Swaln Mfg. Co.. 215 Spear et.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal; 200 tons
apricot pits, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton.
f. o. b. Nlles: less than car lots at $1 50. E.
A. ELLSWORTH. Nlles. Alameda Co.. Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail: Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sett.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary »t
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
8 HP. boiler and engine, "Economizer" pattern,
complete, $175 f.o.b. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new, $S5. New Munici-
pal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
30 SMALL pigs for sale or trade for chickens or
cow. Apply 5335 Mission st.. opp. Ocean View.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap;
owner going East. Box 2546. Call office. •
WILL sell for $100 cash, finest quality sealskin -
cost $225: bust 36. Box 16SD. Call office.
GENUINE foxterrier pups for sale; reasonable.
.. Apply 204 Leavenworth st.
THOROUGHBRED greyhound pups, male, fe.
male, $10 each; fawn, brlndle. IC C., 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50, only $'8
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
1ST-CLASS ?d-hand modern engines and boil-
erg bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW. Singer sewing machine; S drawers- oak-
. complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.'
JEWELRT for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rm. 29.
BOATS, launches. rowboaU carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission at °
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOL1NI5 enjslnes, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
. and launches. ." E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENa i N rlrS. nd ,SP i l ers: 8 «cond-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
3IISCELLAXEOUS \VAXTS. Jh
WANTED— Dynamo, to run 3 to 6 machine*;
reply Immediately. Box 2SSS. Call office.
"WICL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Call office^ _
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hani clothing bought
j & sold. Silverman. S84 Folsom: tei. Folsom 1131.
1 BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano toe
cash. H. L. WHITEHKAD. 170R Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand cloth'.i;? an'l
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Folsnm 2T^L
CHEAPEST and best in America— The V.'eekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In this
United Etat?s or Canada one year for {1.
postage paid. • - ' •
Al*».M^l 'I'v'LUAA.
HERi^N^lil^RpilYTToa^xa^nTrr'biriTdlng.
$4,uCO,000 at lowest rates....
on flrst and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property beinjr held in trust
Undivided Interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sort3 and sizes..
1 If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Ir.c.)!
JCOO.OCO at 6 per cent in sums to suit; city. Oak-
land, town and country property: second
mortgages, life insurance and securities: loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies; will purchase abova
securities. Tel. Red E024. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker building. r\
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PERCENT £
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my term* before doing business «lsewher<
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
P. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearpy st.. room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1SR3:
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 818 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal.llbra-
ries. goods in warehouse, etc. ;any amount low-
est rates: private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st,
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. neap
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker. 927 Market st. room 613.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privatt
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 99r
i% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
S%% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome at
ON SALARIES without lndorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pheian big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott bulldins.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MUSICAL 15STRV3IEXTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy Is the
Simplex, because It does better work than
any other and with less than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only, is now on at The MauvaU Mus:;'*
Co., 769 Market st The verr best quality ot^
goods will be offered at greatly reduqe.1
prices, as the management wish to place it
within the ability of most any one to po3ses3
a piano.' Purchasers of presents can so.ee;
now and have the Instruments kept unt I
ready for delivery. Payments accepted 1? net
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
NOW Is the time to have your old piano ro-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa-
cilities for such work' and will make pr'.cea
- very reasonable. Pianos tuned by the year.
Pianos for rent THE ZENO MAUVAIS MU.
SIC CO.. 769 Market st
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month; some pood
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland. .
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: easy payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargains. $23 up; Steinways, $1S5;
Chickerlngs. $135; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square planes from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrel!. Chickerlng. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any' tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a plan&'_-
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil *▼
St.: established 1850. !
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
cas9 Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case: Hardman square, $43; organs, $-3
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St. IVER3 St
POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents. ,
EXCITING barsalns— Three cam • new high-
grade pianos stored -with us: ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (ln-
stallments). WILSON" S Storage. 1710 Market
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co.,
933 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwlg and other
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player.
STEINWAY upright, almost new, $200; party
must sell. Box 2363. Call office.
A BIG bargain— Two Weber pianos, good aa
new, $113 and $195. 217 Geary st
Almost new; $300; standard upright clano: sac-
cificed quick buyer aee'nt death. 773 O'Farrell. '
1650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $153. R. 38,
217 Geary at
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Spi?lman pianos. 308. Post st
GOOD B«cond-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per .
ma SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayea.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any addreca In tsk.
' United States or Canada one year for $%
postage paid. •
OFFICES ASP STOKES TO LETT"
FOR rent— 2 good light floors, .offices and sales-
rooms. cheap. H. A. SMITH. 25 Market. S. K.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
«1z»«: cheap. H. P. WHITTC. SIS Mission »t.
PAlSTERg AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY. _
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5«1.
NEERGAARD. president Et Germain College.
I reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2S33.
yATCVjt'S AXP PE.NSIOSS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
, GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PHYSICIANS AM* SURGEOAS.
DR. -C. cT^^NNEI^L--Ofnce^nir^esidenc#]
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases' of the human bo«iy; s£»
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, r.r. ErJk
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitartumT
764-788 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
PLASISG AXD TCRMSG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory •Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawinc. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremoat st.PERSONALS. ..«'..
AlM^STlC hairdressins. 25c, manicuring 25c,
feme' manicuring 50c, bv experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
cam in city. ZSc; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
60c; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at U»e BON-TON. 224 Post et. «
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
1:5; with these euits we make an extra pair'
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et., between Seventh aad Eighth.
A — HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless end without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 3598
Eighteenth st., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 136L
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
t£ CO per bottle. For circulars. Pinus lied.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 157L
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms-
I6c to tlEO per night; fl 50 to $6 per week;
Ire* 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits, Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
J5. Address 1125 Geary st.. San Francisco.
WHY Cuess? You can be certain of style and
Ct by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. "W. EVANS
Domestic oince. 1C21 Market et., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Z ephey
Kja-ora. parlors 330 gutter; phone Black 1322.
DCiyou write ads? Send address to-day on
5|osr business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate Columbus.
Ohio.
SOMETHING new; your dreams Interpreted;
confidential : only 20c each dream Box 205
Borkelpy, Cal.
DOLLS' wig* made; hair dressing, any style,
25c: shampooing, 50c: manicuring. 25c; wigs
and switches. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store 118 Geary St., NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton pt.. near Broadway.
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth sL
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION ~
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
104» Market Et.. opp. McAllister St.
VISITORS to Chinatown should not fall to see
The many Interesting curios at LOOK
.'EHUE'S 18 Waverly place.
6UPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 232 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. SCS Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
tIASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO..7S3 Markt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. th«
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
toalr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
600? -MEN wanted to order euits for $1 per week.
J?ECHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE FUits, $7 50; dress pants. $3 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD pcld silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market St.
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— FOR SALeI
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET
ASHBURT HEIGHTS FLATS.
$3750 — Three new handsome modern flats of 6,
6, 7 rooms and bath; electric wiring, por-
celain baths and sinks; elegant mantels;
built to catch the light and sun; magnifi-
cent view of the city. Golden Gate Park
and the ocean; rents $1170 per annum,
water extra; lot 23x103.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE. •
$5500— New modern residence of 10 rooms and
bath and finished basement; only a ehort
distance from Golden Gate Park; well
built and beautifully finished; lot 25x137:6.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
53750— Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near lflth and Harrison sts.: im-
provements only € years old and In flrst-
Class condition; brick foundation; lot 25x85.
WESTERN" ADDITION' FLATS.
JT300 — Two well-built flats of 4. 5 rooms and
bath on the north side of the street; near
Geary and Steiner; rents $264 per annum;
-^ reduced from $2750.
~ POST STREET RESIDENCE.
J7L50— Handsome modern two-story and base-
ment residence of 9 rooms and bath on
.. north side of street, near Laguna; lot 25x
112 :« feet.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$E350— Store and 2 fiats of 6 and 4 roonn and
bath; modern and up to date; exceptionally
well built; only 4 years old: on a fine Noe-
st. business corner; rents $530 per annum:
lot 25x100 feet.
FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
$5500— Store and three flats on the north side
of Folsom «., bet. 7th and 8th; fine con-
dition; lot 28x100, alone worth the money;
Bee this as it is a snap.
$300 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT
A COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
$1450— Well-built cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment, which can easily be made into 3
additional rooms; on 29th, and only a few
feet from the Mission-street care; lot 25x114
feet; this property must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
688 Market street.
Jl. M. SPECK & CO., ~~
€67 Market Et., opp. Kearny.
r. _ p * eal Estate Agents aad Rent Collectors.
$14o,000— Business corner property, few blocks
from Chronicle; 100 ft. front; annual
rents tlO.SOO.
$70,000— Reduced from $80,000: corner, 75x~S ft.;
within one-third of block from Market
et. and close to Hibernia Bank; stores
and lodging houses; best Investment off
Market st. ; must be sold.
$60,000— Corner, 4SxS2:6; first corner facing Mar-
T- . . ket st. north: sold for $42,500 20 years
asro; want offer.
?;0, 000— Rents $3600 per annum; choice corner
on Geary Et., inside of Van Ness ave.;
brick and frame Improvements; 82:€x
120; 3 frontages.
$32,000— Turk st., 1 block from Market; store
and 16 rooms above; this is a splendid
buy.
?30, 000— Eddy st., near Jones; 48 ft. frontage;
frame improvements; this is a quick
seller.
$23,000— McAllister-st. bargain; 82:6x120; only
partly improved; rents $134.
$19,500 — Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6-
rented at $170.
J16. 500— Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings:
rents $142; lot 37x115.
$13,000— Lea venworth-?t. Investment: 57 ft.
front; rents $105; always rented.
$12,750— New Van Ness-are, fiats; rents $125; a
cafe buy.
$3500— S9S9 Seventeenth, et., corner Market;
store and flat.
$3500— Rents ?1C3; lot 50x80; downtown Invest-
ment.
$4350— Two modern flats: only half a block
from Market St.; rents $40; cost nearly
$7500.
$700 cash, balance $1300; mortgage can re-
main; D-room cottage In the Mission;
Twenty-fourth-st. car line.
A. 1L SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market st.
SCKW modern bouse 7 rooms, large basement
and yard: eun all day. Cor. "Waller and Por-
tola ets.. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
$20,000 INVESTMENT, near Seventh and Na-
toma. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market Et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. AX.A3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
"i^RGAINS; improved & unimproved property
Required by foreclosure; \j cash. Bank of Ala
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAAP REAL. ESTATE.
THE best bargain yet offered In Oakland: a
nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath: large lot;
within 14 blocks of City Hall: »rood location;
$1250 for one week only; easy terms.
E. E. BUNCE.
952 Broadway.
6. M. DODGE A SON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— Something «xtra nice in the way of
m. modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 60xl»; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show yon this.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
6UNNT lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric «er-
. vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
fTK electric cars, corner Washington and
Jfc'-'Hh ets., come within 1 block. Call or
atiiiregg 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
£S Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin, Oakland.
HEAL ESTATE— COU\TRV— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatt Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
J2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call office.
POULTRY a<id dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cat
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102,- off Polk, between Bush and
■ Pine— 3 housekeeping rooms. .-
GEARY, 1225— Unfurnished eulte, 3 rooms; sun-
ny furnished bay-window, with kitchen,- com-
plete. ■ - ■ i
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Alcove and kitchen,
completely furnished ; grate; bath; gas; range.
HOWARD, 761»i— Nicely furnished suite with
kitchen: man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 2381— New, sunny, well-furnished,
coal stove, folding bed, porch; $12 to adults.
MISSION, 1729%, near 13th— Two sunny furn-
ished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry: $8.
OAK;" 119— Large' front room,- furnished for
housekeeping; range; closet; bath; $10.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 'of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Foru. aad Unturn.
ARGYLL Hotel. 234 McAllister— New," elegant;
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week. or month; take
McAlllster-st. cars from ferry to door. \
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2ac to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light ■ housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
BURNETT, 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., EUites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD,' 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rcoms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, S34— $1 week; large sunny furnished
rooms, closet, bath; private. Call by S p. m.
FOURTH, 149— New furnished sunny rooms
from $5 to $12 per month.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and eingle; travelers" accommodated, i
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
tOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st
HOTEL FLORENCE. 103 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
Elde rooms; eingle, $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
week; sewly renovated: elevator; baths.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room. $1 per week; transient. : ■
NEW ARLINGTON, 1013 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c" a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; reference*. ' ,
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par*
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rcoms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean: bath, phone; prices low.
BUTTER 1 , 320i£ (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to to per week; transient.
SUTTER. 426— Elegantly furnished sunny par-
lor floor, suitable for doctor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an-1
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. • '
ROOMS AAD BOARD.
PIERPONT HOTEL. 418 Ellis, opens Dec 1.
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
•well-appointed apartments which .have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
THE IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated: new. management: furnished rooms,
with board; excellent table; prices moderate.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
TAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences: other suites; table board. ,
CALIFORNIA. SC7 < Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly
excellent table: special rates to .tourists. ..
' ' * RPPTURB SANITARIUM. " - • '/■■»
RIUM. 1206 "Market sf. treatment free; only
invention In the world that will" not torture.
- SPECIAL NOTICES. . . ~.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma
Breig. age 12 years; Carrie Brelg, age 8 years;
Ellzth Winthrop, age 10 years; Grace Win-
tiirop, aee 9 years. • - .
BAD tenantB ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.; 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.'
SEWISC BIACHINES AJiD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
storage: asd warehouses.
CUT rates on shipping, draylng, storing, insur-
ing furniture, etc. SMITH, 25 Market; phone
Main 1340. '• .' ■ ' :
PIEnCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; teL Main 571S.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion 8t; tel. Howard 91L F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st: ; . phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~T^P^W^aTER&^We
•ell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 268.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consult^
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go • into court.
Room «L Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3604.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa "WaTer Company"
room 16, eecond floor, Mills building— Sari
Francisco, December 8, 1901---Dlvidend No IDS
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa ■ Water Company, will be
payable at the office of said company,- room
16, second floor. Mills building, on December
15, lbOl; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901, at 3 p. m^EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary. / -^ . '_
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com- 1
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California st., San Francisco, on December
10. 1901. Transfer . books close December
8. 1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaee licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Francis J. Dyer, 21, city, and Lilly O. Reich-
ling, 18, city. .
Manuel T. Brazil. 38. San Luls.Oblspo, and
Clara V. Lopez, 18, Guadalupe. •
James F. FJsk. 25. Fourteenth -end Point Lo-
bos avenues, and Maude E. Vanderllp, 21, city.
Edward Glaize, 70," 317 Francisco street, and
Amelia L'Anee, 60, 317 Francisco street. ' ,.~.
Elmer C. Ickes. 25, Fresno, and. Inga Felr-
inx, 17, Fresno.
William Straub, 25, 3382 Twenty-second
Etrec-t, and Emily, R. Jonas, 21, 433 Franklin st.
Henry Thomas, 25,' city, and Sarah P. Run-
dell, 21, city.
J. Lionel Swift, 23, 810 Jessie street, and
Emily E. Kimball. 21. 1334 Rhode Island street.
Charles HemDler, 43, 113 California avenue,
and Julia McWilliams. 38, 113 California ave;
August F. Grabowski. 27, 321 Powell ■ street,
and Amalla L. Gorla, 17, 1519 Dupont street.
Lorenzo Franceschlni, 24, Santa Cruz, and
Aguese Palnelli, 22, Santa Cruz.
Frank Angelovinch, 23, 12 Stanley place, and
Barbara A. Partmann. 20. 974 Folsom street.
Giovanni Gotelll, 27, 1414 Kearny street, and
Carmelita Cafferata, 21, 18 Lafayette place. .
John Kallister. 34, 318 Bush street, and Meta I
von Husen, 22. 2004 Taylor Btreet. . ••*■... ;
BIRTHS~MARRI^ES-DEAm-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to nave the same published.
BOEN.
BERWIN— In this city, November 30, 190L to
the wife of Charles Berwin. a son.
BORKMAN— In this city. December 2,' 1901, to
the wife of Earnest Borkman, a daughter. -
BRUNT— In this city, November 28, 1901, to
the yrltt ot Walter. N."' Brunt,, a daughter. ;,*,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901.
MARRIED.
GREENE— BELSHE— November 30, 1901. at the
home of the bride's grandparents,' 1312 East.
Sixteenth street, Oakland, by the Rev. Frank
S. Ford. Luther Edward Greene of ' Wood-
land, Cal., and Maymie Belshe of Oakland.
WYATT— MILSNER— In this city, December L
1901, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Doric
I. Wyatt and Charlottle Mllsner, both of San
Francisco. - - .^-.- - . '
DIED.
Ayoob, Michel ' " Miller. Magnus H.
Bacon, Robert B. Morse, Caroline. .M.
Bally, Judge David - Murphy, John J. .
Beitenholz, Henry Nicholson, Francis
Cavanaugh, Frances • Perez, Mary
Conlin, . Thomas . . Reardon, Nora M. .
Donahue, Albert J. Reilly, Annie F.
Glauch, Olga B. Roach, Michael
Green, Sarah J. 3 Ryan,- Annie
Green, William ■ ' Severin, F. Anton
Hesse, Annie- R. ■ - • ■ - Simon, Mrs. Sarah
Hilzinger, Gottlieb ' Stone, Jane W.-
Kunze, Johanna .- Wales, ■ Oswald A.
' Lane, Thomas Wright," Julia A.
ATfOOB— In this city, December 3,-1901, Michel
Ayoob, beloved son - of Seloorn and Annie
Ayoob; • a native of San Francisco, aged 3
days. • '
BACON— In this city, December 2, 1901. Rob-
ert Bruce, beloved . son of F. L. Bacon and
! the late Mary Bacon, and brother of Roscoe
Bacon, a native of San Francisco, aeed 17
years and 3 months. ■ ■
E7" Funeral • from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking ComDany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
BAIL Y— In this city, November 30, 1901. Judge
David E. Baily'of Olympla. Wash.
C7" Funeral services will take place to-
day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at : B'nai
B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the aus-
pices cf Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.
BEITENHOLZ^In this city, December 3, 1901,
Henry, beloved husband of the late Anna
Beitenholz, and father of Mrs. Lydia Kaiser,
Mrs. Anna Maurer, Mrs. Katherine Greiner
and Peter Beitenholz, a native of Switzer-
land, aged 77 years 11 months and 8 days.
CAVANA.UGH-^Ih South San Francisco, De-
cember 2. 1901, Frances Cavanaugh, dearly
• beloved daughter of William and Lilly Cava-
naugh, beloved sister of Walter and Lillian
Cavanaugh, and granddaughter of Walter
and Mary Cavanaugh and Ben and the late
Frances Worden, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 2 months and 7 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited *to ; attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), . at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1614 Tenth avenue, near
Railrcad avenue south, South San Francisco.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . " •
CONLIN — In this city, December 3, 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Conlin, father- of May and James Con-
lin, and brother of James Conlin, a native
of New York, aged 67 years- and 7 months.
(New York City papers pleaae copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf his brother, i Jam» Conlin. 1444 Mc-
AlMster street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a requiem high mass will .be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery,
DONAHUE— In. this city, December 3. 1901.
Albert J., beloved child of John J. and Mag-
grle Donahue, and brother of: Malcom Dona- "
hue, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 2 months. . .
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wedcesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from' the resi-
dence of his parents, 29 Sheridan street, be-
tween Ninth and Tenth. Interment private.
GLAUCH— In this city. December 2, 1901. Olga
B. Glauch, dearly beloved wife of Hermann
Glauch, and devoted mother of Olga, Tau-
Une and Carmen Glauch, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., aged 46 years 2 months and 23
days. ,
GREEN— In Alameda. December 3, 1901, Sarah
Jane Green, beloved 'wife of Gardner Green,
and mother of James, George and Fred
Green," a native of Liverpool, England, aged
06 years and 7 months.
GREEN— In this city/December 3, 1901. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Qreen, and
father of Mabel Green, a native of Finland,
ai-cd 62 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HESSE— In this city, December 3, 1901, Annie
R., dearly beloved wife of Nicholas . Hesse,
and beloved mother of Nicholas and Myrtle
Hesse, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years and 12 days.
HILTZINGER— In this city. December 3, 1901,
Gottlieb HiltzinKer, beloved brother of Mrs.
A. Hartmann. a . native of Canton Grauwin-
den, Schweiz, aged 52 years and 18 days.
KUNZE— In this city, December 2, . 1901, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of August Kunze, and
mother of Mrs, Bertha Hammond, Mrs. Mar-
tha Ewlng, Adolph and Charles Kunze and
Mrs. James 'Kinjtsbury of Yankton, South
Dakota, a native of Germany, aged 71 years ■
' 1 month and 8 days. :'•' . •
ICTThe funeral sgrvlces " will take place to-
morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mlssion'atreet.'.Inr
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LANE— In this city, December 2,'. 1901, Thomas,
beloved brother of Michael 'and John Lane,
a native of Manchester, England.' aeed 23
years and 10 days. ... ■; - •
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock," from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
'servicea. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, December 1. 1901. Mag-
nns Henry, dearly beloved son of John and
Maggie J. Miller, and brother of John F.
Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 1 month and 13 days.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 832 Turk street.
MORSE— In Alameda, December 2, 1901, Caro-
line M. Morse, widow of the late Charles A.
Morse, and mother of Mrs. F. M. French,
Frank C. Morse, Mrs. , Lucy. M. Slosson and
the late Sigrourney B. Morse, a native of
Massachusetts.
C7'Interment private,
MURPHY— In this city, December 2, 1901. John
J., beloved son of Timothy and Hannah Mur-
phy, and loving brother of Daniel F., Jere-
miah L., Vincent fcj. and . Margaret E. Mur-
phy and Mr*. William Perkins, a native of
San Francisco.'
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 355 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
miss will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . . :
NICHOLSON— In this city, December 3. 1901.
Francis William, youngest and beloved child
of Robert M. and Caroline Nicholson, aged
2 years 2 months and 20 days. -
PEREZ— In this city, at the Pacific Hebrew
Home," December 3, 1901, Mary Perez, a na-
tive of Prussia, aged 81 years. • . ■
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Twnsend
streets. > '
RE ARDON-In Oakland. December 3. 1901, at
her residence, 1467 Curtis street, corner
of Twentieth, via Market-street station,
Nora M., dearly beloved daughter of the late
Dennis and Hanora .Reardon, and beloved
sister .of Joeie, Kate, Mapcie and the late
Jerry J. Reardon, , a native of San Fran-
, Cisco. i • • • ■ •
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. . •
REILLY— In this city, December 1.-1901, Annie
F., beloved wife of John J. Reilly. and sister
of Richard R. and Arthur J. Brannatcan. a
native of Willow Creek. San Benito County,
Cal., aged 30 years 11 months and 17 days.
(HolHster papers please copy.)
JtTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 27 Hattie street, thence to the
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a sol-
. e'mn requiem mass will be celebrated, for th>
repose of her soul, commencing at 7:45
o'clock. Interment at Hollister by 9 a. m.
. train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
ROACH— In. this city. December 3, 1901, Mlch-
■ ael, beloved son of the late Lawrence and
Julia Roach, and brother of David, Jeremiah,
Thomas and Frank Roach, a native of San
Francisco, aged 46 years and 13 days. ' "j
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, • 343 Clementina street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
macs will be celebrated for the repose of hi?
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, December 3, 1901,. Annie,
beloved daughter of James and the late Ann
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
. . Telephone South 80. .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
~;~' : ,~S., Can Mateo County. . * - "
• OFFICE «1G MARKET STREET.
..J. HENDERSON. Manager.
■_-.:_ : X _■ .-. •_ - -.^ , _
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
6 17 an* 39 Fifth St. Tel. South 107 11
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAXMERS.fi
£ finest Equipment at Mod>r»tr R&te*. fl
I 4 JAMBS McGlNN,
Formerly with McOlnn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. ' ■
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
th« United Undertakers' Association; M.'J.
McBrearty, with the same company - for IS
years; P. V: Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened ' new Funeral • Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and. Eighth.. Telephone South 44. <
Ryan,'.: and dearly beloved sister- of , Burnett
L. Ryan, Mrs. C. Walters and the late Mag-
. gie T. Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged
■ 27 years. "■ > ■■■■'..
■ IE?" Remains at the parlors of Valente, Ma-
rini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
SEVERIN— In Honolulu, H. T., November 23,
1901, F. Anton, dearly beloved '-- husband ' ot
Ida Severin. loving ' father of Clarence and
Eugene Severin, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
R. Amark, and brother of the late Theodoru
Severin of Honolulu, . Mrs. H. Pankbw, : Mrs
W. LudwiKsen, Mrs.' Max Drinow, Mrs. C.
H. Kaul and Fred and Henry Amark of San
• Francisco, aged 38 years.
SIMON— In this city, December 3, 1901, Mrs.
• Sarah* "Simon,"" beloved* mother "of Mrs." Max
Cohn of Los Angeles and JMrs. F. Gans, a
native of Prussia, aged . 76 years. ■ . ■ " " . ;
STONE— In' Oakland. December 2, 1901, Jane
W., widow of tha late Leonard - Stone,' and
beloved mother of Susie B. Stone, Mrs. W.
A. Glunz. Mrs. Orrin Knox, Mrs. K. B.
Smith and Mrs. W. C. Barrett, aged 72 years
7 months and 9 days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence. 912 Adeline street, Oakland.
: Interment "at San Lorenzo Cemetery.
W.ALESr-In Alameda, Oswald A., infant son
of U. and Mabel B. Wales, a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 2 years and 7 months.
WRIGHT— In this city, December 3, 1901, Julia
Augusta, beloved wife of William C. Wright,
and mother of Frederick W. Wright, a native
of- New York. (Chicago and New York I'a-
pers please copy.) , . . - • - -. ■ ■
" E7"Funeral services to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at her' late residence. 2524
Washington street. Interment - private, Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. • . • ,
ST. "DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clatlon— The monthly requiem high mass "for
the deceased- members of St. Dominic's
Church Bulldlner Association, and for the
parents and relatives of living members, will
be- suns in St. Dcminic's Church " to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
EOCTOR SAYS KERSHOW
WAS, MENTALLY UNSOUND
Medical Attendant of the Collegian
Claims He Was Not in Posses
sion of Reasoning Power, .
According to the testimony of Dr. H.
I...- Wagner, who attended Max Kershow
during his last Illness, the collegian was
not of sound mind at the time the docu»
ment alleged to be his last will and testa
ment was executed. The doctor testified
yesterday in Department 9 of the Superior
Court, where the trial of the will, contest
Is being heard, that, in his "opinion, the
Yale athlete was not in possession of hia
reasoning powers. Dr. Wagner said that
the life Kershow had been living was cal
culated to destroy his brain, and that al
though there were times In which the un
fortunate young fellow was able to reason,
he was undoubtedly unsound of mind.
A letter written by Kershow in May,
1901, a month before his death, was then
introduced by Attorney Tauszky. The let
ter was addressed to C. M. Kershow, a
brother of the deceased, who is now~con
testing the will. The letter was ably writ
ten and was a request to : the brother to
send him all the money he (Max) had on
deposit, so that. he could pay his doctors
for their services. • • • ■-•
The contestants closed their case with
Dr. Wagner. The trial will be resumed
to-day, when Morgan Smith, who drew
up the will, will be placed on the. stand.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
• • WATER STOCKS. - - -
Contra Costa.. 76 76% Port Costa..... 63^ 66
Marin County. 58 — Spring Vallfy. 86% 87%
- - OAS AND ELECTRIC."
Cent L & P.'.. 2%— Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3 — Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual — 5 S F Q & E... 44 44%
Oak GL4H. II — San Francisco. LM -5%
Pac Gas Imp.. 40 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 — "
■ •; : INSURANCE.
FiremV Fund. 240 •— I
BANKS. i
Anglo-Cal 79V4 — L P & A; 160 175
California. 410 — |Mer Ex (liq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep.. 109% — "S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl..31ti 327^1 • .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German l$25Vs — Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Sav. .300 340
Mutual Sav..l 66 — Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F Sav U 525 — I .
STREET RAILROADS.
California '....136 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 iPresidio 32% —
Market — S3 I
POWDER.
Giant 86% 86 fVigorit — . 6
: .V ! .. ....-.-. ■ • - • .SUGAR* -,» •- wi • '
Hana ".....'...«. 3% 6' Kllauea ......; 11 12H
Hawaiian — 45 Makaweli 23 & —
Honokaa 10% 11 Onomea »H 23
Hutchinson ... 15 15 Vi Paauhau ....".. 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS. . j-J
Alaska Fack..l55%156% Oceanic S Co.. 46% —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. — 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Exchange.110 — Par Paint...... 16 —
Morning Session.
- Board— ••-■•■-
15 Contra Costa "Water :: 76 25 ,
3 German Savings and ; Loan 1925 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 85 25
15 Giant Powder Con ......'. 8S 12V4
15 Giant Powder Con fc5 50
10 Giant' Powder Con, cash .85 37%
50 Honokaa S Co ;..'. 11 00
25 Market-street Railway Co 88 BO
$7000 Market-st R R Con 5s bonds...... 122 75
?5000 Oakland Water 5 per cent bonds.. 104 25
55 Oceanic S S Co 47 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. ... 44 50
10 San Francisco Gaa & Electric Co 44 25 •
$1000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 50
60- Spring Valley "Water Co 86 75
10 Spring Valley "Water Co 87 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co A 86 87^4
$2000 Spring Valley Water 6s bonds 112 00
J5000 Spring Val 4s bonds (3d mtgage).10O 60
Street—
$10,000 Ferries & Cllft House bonds 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 47 00
40 Pacific Gas Improvement 41 00
$7000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5s.... 95 75
Afternoon Session.
Board— • '■■}'■
. 5 Alaska Packers' Association, b 90... 156 50
50 Alaska Packers' Association 156 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co, S per cent. 10? 50
30 Honokaa S Co u 00
•40 Honokaa SCo ;... ....".10 75
20 Oceanic S Co 47 00
25 Onomea Sugar • Co 23 00
50 Makaweli 7 24 00
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 6a bonds... .121 62V4
40 Paauhau S P Co 1100
$1000 Spring Val 4s bonds (3d mtge).,..i0Q 75
Street— . •. .v .:.-,-•..
$10,000 Oakland Water 5 per cent 10125
$5000 S.P Branch Ry 6s bonds 136 50
$1000 Springs Val 4s bonds (3d matge);.100 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. "
■ Mofnlng Session.'
Street— .;..; . ..-.'. . . '
1000 Cala-Standard 21
Board — •
10 Hanford ...101 00
l'Hanford "... ... 101 25 '
100 Home a 30
100 Home,- s 90 ....;........,.. 330
500 Lion .........1 08
75 Lion ; 07
. . ■ ': Afternoon Session.
Board — . . . ,
10 Hanrord, s 90 99 00
300 Junction 23
800 Lion 08
100 Petroleum ' enter ..':........ ;... 04
, 1 MINING STOCKS.
The. . following, were the ' sales ' -. in r . the • San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: .•.■.■:'■.'.'•..
.. Morning • Session. . ■
2C0 Belcher .'.*.... '.', . 02 400 Ophlr 71
1000 Best & Belcher .11 3C0 Overman ... 02'
100 Chollar 04 300 Potosi " 0 3
300 Crown Point... 02 250 Sierra Nevada. 06
600 Gould & Curry 03 100 Standard ......350
100 Mexican ......... 14 .
. .. Afternoon" Session;
-200 Belcher ..'.'.....' 02 450 Hale & Norc... 17
500 Best & Belcher • 11 325 Ophlr 70
600 Caledonia ...... 21 500 Sierra Nevada: 06
600 Con Cal & Va..l 60 500 Silver Hill ..... aO
100 Gould & Curry 05 810 Standard .......3 40
The following were the sales In the Paclfle
Stock Exchange yesterday: -
. , '. ; Morning Session. 1 .
-700' Best !'& Belcher 10 300 Savage ......... 04
600 Best & Belcher 11 500 Sliver Hill ..... 31
100 Con Cal& V.I 62% 200 Union. Con ..... H
■ ' y ., ■ Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher ........ 03 4C0 Gould & Curry 05
200 Best & Belcher 11 200 Mexican - ii
100 Caledonia ...... 22 200 Ophlr ......... . 71
100 Caledonia ...... 21 300 Savage 04
1500 Chollar ..;...... 03 200 Union Con 10
100 Con Cal & V.I 62Vi -.', . t
'' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.' ...
TUESDAY,' if o'v. 3— 4 p' m
BId.Ask. . . Bid Ask
Alpha .......... - '02 Justice .'."... 01 02
Alta 04 ", 06 Kentuck -. "_< «2
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash' ... 01 ' —
Belcher ........ 01 02 Mexican ........ J 14 15
Best & Belcher 09 10 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion ........'02- .04 Ophlr ......;.... 70 71
Caledonia ...... 20 21 Overman .;..... 02 02
Challenge Con.. 11 .13 Potoel ;.. 03 04
Chollar ......... .03 Savage ,03 05
Confidence — 64 Scorpion-.: _ tu
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.:... 01 03
Con Imperial. . ". — ..-' 01 Sierra • Nevada. - 05 - 06
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hlll\....r 80 n
Crown Point... 01 V 03St!Louis _, 04
Eureka. Con ... 14 v— Standard ' 335 _
Exchequer .....'— 02 Syndicate .:....-. 05 —
Gould & Curry .05 , 06 Union Con ....; 10 11
Hale & Norc... , 16 , 17 Utah ...,.....;.., 05 - 06
Julia ............ — 01 Yellow Jacket.. .05 06
MORE CHARGES
AGAINST PARDEE
Ex - Clubman Appears
in Judge Mogan's
Court.
Several Business Men Swin
dled by Him Swear to
Oomplainta 1
" Starr C. Pardee, clubman and fornit*
manager of the Fidelity and Casualty
Company ." of New Jersey, who- was
brought from San Jose by'Detective • Dij
nan'Monday night, appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday morning .to answer the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. The complaining '£ witness Us
Michel Debret, proprietor of a restaurant
at 144 Geary street,- who accuses Pardee
of passing a check on 1 him for ?50, drawn
on the Anglo-Californian Bank, where he
had no funds. The case was continued
till December 9.
Pardee as already published has been
passing these worthless checks on numer
ous business men *and saloon keepers in
this city and in Oakland. He was booked
on'. two more charges yesterday, 'the com
plaining witness being Eugene Korn, the
hatter, Market street, who is out$25, and
Jesse Colman, hatter, Kearny street, who
lost a similar amount.- Among others
who will swear to ■■complaints against
Pardee this morning are George S.-Kahn,
optician, Kearny street, $12 50; C. H.
Rehnstrom, tailor, Phelan building,. $50;
Rosenthal shoe store, Kearny street, $20;
M. A. Gunst & CO., Kearny street,, $10,
and Charles- Newman of the Richelieu,
$20. The police say; there will be a num
ber of others. ■ . \ ■••;•••" •', '
Since leaving ; this city about three
weeks ago Pardee, has spent most .of his
lime in the southern part of the State
and when searched at the City ..Prison an
unreceipted bill for $97 for. board, lodging
and other. . expenses at the Hotel Del
Monte, was found in his packets. When
arrested in San Jose at the -St." 1 James
Hotel a lady, who was registered as Mrs.
C. A. Coles of -New York, and her 7-year
old daughter, were with him. He pror
tests that she had nothing to do -with his
troubles • and does not want her- name
mentioned. • . .
Pardee' claims that every cent of the
checks he has passed will be paid, and
that was why he had not left: the State.
He supposed the oank would pay . the
checks, as it had honored overdrafts on
his account before. He denied that he
passed the checks to get money, for gam
bling, but simply to meet his ordinary
expenses. He is indignant at being de
tained In prison..- - '...-. ■ • • , .
Pardee- is an attorney by profession and
is a widower. He came here eight years
ago from Brooklyn, N. Y.,and has broth
ers and sisters In New York who are
wealthy. He hopes they will assist him
out of his difficulties. ....
COAST -BREVITIES.
FRESNO, Dec. 3.— Hon. Frank H.' Short says
he Is not a candidate for the Republican nom
ination for- Governor. •■ . - -■ ■ -■ - - -••- .•
NAPA, Dec. 3.— Alessandro Albertlrio, while
engaged in felling a- tree in Wooden Valley
yesterday, was killed by a tree falling upon
him. . . ,
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 3.— Benjamin Colvin,
a pioneer resident of this section., dropped
dead from heart disease on a street this
mornlnr. ■ "'■ -
' LOS • ANGELES, Dec. 3.— Dr.- George -A.
Gates,- formerly president of the Iowa. College,
In Grinnell, Iowa, has accepted. the call to the
president'.s chair of Pomona .College.
BAKERSFIELD, ' Dec. 3.— Nothing- has yet
been learned of the whereabouts of Miss Belle
Kline and William, Martin, '" *ho . ilteappeared
from this city on the ; 22d of last, month. " ; "
WOODLAND, Dec: 3.— A man found dead be
side the railroad this 'morning, was Identified
as Thomas Tracy, " a sheepherder employed by
H. E. :. Coll, • He left Woodland for the ranch
last nlffht. : ~ -\ . -.. ■ ,. r - .
SAN JOSE,. Dec. ; 3.— Architects throughout
the. State are . to 'be'\. asked' to compete for
plans for the new Odd Fellows' Home, which
Is. to be erected near this city. The building
committee is now, preparing; a circular to be
sent out. •* • " ■ <■ <•:> ...-•. ■
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,. Dec. .1-Dr.
George M. Richardson, professor of organic
chemistry, has been forced to discontinue; his
work at the university because of continued
ill health. - Dr. -Richardson will leave Stanford
in ten days for Baltimore. ..■•-,<..-
SUISUN, Dec. 3.-Frank A. Young, >ho was
arrested on November 1 at Madera' for the
murder of Albert Anderson, near Winters last
March, was to-day liberated. District Attor
ney Devlin and . Sheriff Savage found nothing
to connect Young with the crime. -- .'
PASADENA,- Dec. 3;— The Pasadena Farm
e/s 1 Club has adopted resolutions declaring
that the proposed reciprocity treaties, having
to do with the admission of foreign fruit, are
detrimental to the Interests of, California. All
the • clubs ' of Southern California are taking
similar . steps. j** ■ -
8TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 3.-J. O.
Snyder, instructor in the department of zoo
logy, and W. K. Fisher, a graduate student
In the same department, have been' appointed
by United" States Fish Commissioner G. M.
Bowers . to assist Professor Charles H. Gilbert
of the zoology department in the collrctlon
and classification of the fishes of ■ the waters
in the vicinity of the Hawaiian Islands.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
paLace hotel.
J R Wagner, Pasadena Miss Lewis, Petaluma
Jno B Miller. Pasadena Mrs J L Taylor, Cleve
0 Hazelton." San Rafael land
M H Whlttier, Bakrsfld Miss Ruth Strong,
Mr & Mrs Logan, Eng Cleveland
W P Hammon&w, Cal Geo S Beebe, New Trk
Mrs D Van Denburgh, W H.Bogardus, Seattle
Los Gatos D tf McConnell, N Y
Miss Van Denburgh, . HA Mohr & ;w, Sacto
Los Gatos . Sam L Levy, ' New- Xk
H C Haywood, Spokane Wm Johnston, Cal'
Miss C E Thomas, Cal Wm A Magee&w, Sacto
Miss AV E Manning, C\V- Inderrieden, Chgo
•Troy, NT .. ■■•- Jno "W Norris, St Louis
Mr and Mrs Montague Mrs Geo B Cooksey;
Klrkwood, London - . Stanford
FH SOuthwlck&w," NY Miss Cooksey, Stanford'
J M Frazer, St Joseph Miss Roberts, Stanford
T Shimldzu, .Ja^ah... B I. Wheeler and wife,
H T«mple. Melbourne Berkeley . . •
J H Newby, New York J H Drury, Providence
AM Easton and wife, J A McKay, .Pfttsbg, Pa"
Millbrae W M. Barber, Kas City
Louis F Breuner, Sacto H F ■ Atwood & w,
JeppRyan, Leavenwth . Rochester ,. ■
Miss F Beans. Sn Jose Max Moses. New York
Miss R Beans.- Sn Jose J B Wolff,- New York
Mrs Wm Lewis,. Cal. ; , • ;>-.-,
... - GRAND HOTEL. \
A "Egbert; Rio Vista ; J H Mugrldge. 1 Vallejo
T M Heneeer, Cal Capt O A Johnson, Seatl
C L Hollis, Fresno IH S Stevens. Seattle
E J Koppitz, Fresno . f E A Logan, Spokane - •
G E Letc|i9r-& w.Cal !E S Vance, Oakland
A J Young, San Rafael. C R Van.Osdel.Cal
G W Beecher & w.'.Cal, J T ClasBery,- Sit Lake
W M Scott, Fresno ' Mrs. Hutchison, B C .
C W "Washburn, L Ang V E Shaw, Los Ang
S Dandrldge & w. Mex B B Wilcox, Hornbrook
T ' L Reed, . Reedley ..OR Jackson, -Victoria
W O-Demars, Clevelnd F. A Stelger^Vacaville
H T Ames. Chicago PH Kingman & w, Cal
C E Flnkham, R Bluff C M Ferguson & w. Col
E B Collins. Chlco ' F M Ferguson, Colo
A J Maranl. Vancouvr G Fishbaugh, Denver
T Maddock & w. Phila J W Bailey Jr, Mass
D J Parmele, Vacavil-H B'Morrls, Sebastopol
H Brinck & w. Winters G W Pierce & w, Cal
Miss Manning, Chicago Miss F.Cushman. Cal
Mrs Parsons, Louisville L"F Moulton, Colusa-
W Brinck & w.Wlnters F J Corcoran, Stockton
H H Formej', Sacto J F Clapp, Chicago
Dr E.E Straw, Oregon | A. H G Palmer, Cal ,
G "W Crystal, VacaVit ' W N Woodson. Corng
H E Whipple, Nev . IF Albertson, Corning
A Grunamer & w. Cal (W V McGarvey,.Sallns
Mrs W J Jones. S Rosa.W R Madeira & w.Hon
D Eisner. Sulsun |G W Ashley & w. Oak
N O Hultberg, Campbel S ,D C Hays, • Denver
Miss Holler, Sacto . -
•;-.;•-•. -. ~ '_ •■•■ RUSS ;HOUSE. . ■'•
EMcMullen, Alameda G B' Burrell,, Wrights
T Clark; Chicago J L Johnson. Ukiah
J-Dorrer, Wls . . 'F E Robinson, S Rosa
P Warner, Wls . . C O Brown, Sacto: •-.
T W. Smith, S Jose G H LaBlrge. Chicago
H'Helen, Mill Valley CM Margett, Cal
G H Smith & w.Frultv C L Vawter, Nome
R.Bauman,' Sacto -»• JPrest,.Cal ; -
W W Motherall. Hanfd J .Brlttin. Cal'
G H Mitchell, Etna : S W Smith. S Jose
Mrs D- M Pearsall & 2 S C Storey. S Rosa
-C," N C — >■'■ ' D Dennlson, ; Sacto '
C Wilson, Mich Dr J E Shafer, Salinas
MU8 M McFarland, J C Campbell, Oaklnd
Gllroy ■• r ' /■ " C W Klngsberry &. b,
J B "Meiers & w, Peta Hardy Creek
E J Southworth, St OF Packer, Princeton
1 Paul -■ \ • .' . OH Packer. -Princeton
W Hanke, Fresno - C H House. Mill Val
G White &,w, L Ang H Glllard, London.- -
D D Fowler, Vlsalla ■ J H.Snowden,- Mo
C FMoss, Palo Alto • A L Ropt, Nippon.'
C , F ! Swan, Seattle ■" p h Kelly. Chicago
C TOottt C, Seattle H A Stevens, Mass
■T KlOppenberg, Seattle T Brophy,. Boston ■■ - ■•
C B Hlgglnson," Vancvr C ; R " Brunson, ' Conn '
J'K Mason, 'Portland C " M " Charlton, U S'N
Miss J Weaver. Portld - , - . . ;.-..;
CHARGE TURNER
WITH THE THEFT
Police THink Looter of
Stone's Shipyard Is
Captured.
Man Suspected of Robbery Is
Taken Into r Custody >.
. . at Guadaloupe. :v;"
■ Robert Turner, a former employe of
Stone's shipyard, was arrested last- night
at Guadaloupe on suspicion of being "the
man who on the afternoon, of November
23 cut a hole through the floor Of "the'com
pany's office at North Beach and in the
absence, of the cashier stole Jl&O, , which
w-as~intended.to.be used in paying 'off- the
employes of the concern.-. • " ' .
Captain Seymour was notified of Tur
ner's'arrest by. tetephone. last "night, .and
he wired the constable of the town of
Guadaloupe to hold Turner until Detective
Coleman arrives to bring him back to this
city. •• " *■ .-..'. .- ■•.-
Captain Seymour feels certain that *he
can convict Turner of the crime. On the
day -of the robbery Turner was- seen .in
the -neighborhood of the looted- office with
an auger in hjs hand and this, coupled
with the fact that he failed to return to
work after the robbery, directed suspicion
toward him. The police have, been on-Tur
ner's trail ever since he left the city. Cap
tain Seymour had him tracked through
the ' Southern portion of the State,: send
ing pictures of the suspect to" all the Sher
iffs in the south. He received aJ tip yester
day that Turner was in the , vicinity of
Guadaloupe and he immediately notified
the town constable to look out for him.
The robbery of which Turner is suspect
ed ', was one of the boldest that has been
committed in this city-, for some time.
The thief removed a portion of the floor
of the ofllce of the shipyard, which was
high above the ground. It was the cash
ier's habit to' go. down to the bank every
Saturday to get the money to pay ,off the
employes of the yard, and upon returning
he generally put each man's salary -in an
envelope early in the afternoon and then
left the envelopes on his desk until he got
ready to pay the men their weekly salary.
On the day the robbery was committed
the cashier left the money on the desk,
locked the office and went out for a few
minutes to get some change. In his ab
sence the thief crawled through the open
ing in the floor and stole the envelopes
containing the money. So neatly was the
job done that absolutely no clew was left
upon which to trace the thief. The police
kept a strict tab on all of the employes of
the shipyard and when Turner failed to
return to work suspicion was at once di
rected toward him. - An. investigation de
veloped the fact that. Turner had fled, from
the city, leaving a young wife, who is suf
fering from consumption. This heartless
desertion of his wife strengthened Cap
tain Seymour's theory that Turner had
-committed the robbery.' ■ , ■
Captain- Seymour Instructed the arrest
ing officers in Guadaloupe to seize all
money found in Turner's possession and
hold it until Detective Coleman arrives.
As the wet weather interfered with proper
telephonic communication the police could
not learn whether Turner s had any
money when arrested. Captain Seymour
says, he has other evidence of Turner's
guilt, which he will bring to light at the
proper time. Detective Coleman will leave
this morning for Guadaloupe to bring the
suspect back.
Brutal Son Punished.
Thomas Mahoney was . convicted by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday of the charge
of battery and was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail.' A few days
agcr he went- home drunk and demanded
money from his father,- James Mahoney,
a palsied man, 78 years of age, who lives
at 1147% Howard street. Because the .old
man said. he could not give it' to him the
son gave him an unmerciful beating. • As
he was. leaving the courtroom the old man
slipped a' SO^centpfece into his- hand.
Kossuth Is Remembered.
The ..entertainment and ball to be given
by, the New Hungarian Mutual Aid Soci
ety in honor of the fiftieth anniversary
of the landing of Kossuth, the Hungarian
patriot, in the United States, which will
be given at Scottish Hall Sunday evening-,
December 8, promises to be an affair long
to be remembered. A fine programme has
been arranged and the affair will be
greatly enhanced by the performers
wearing, the costumes of Hungary.
Arrested* on Suspicion.
A man who gave the name of Joe Mc-
Donald was found prowling around the
room of F. D. Burgess at 629 Bush street.
As he could not offer any satisfactory ex
planation of his being there he was taken
to the City Prison and lodged in the tanks
pending an investigation.
BATLWAY TRAVEL. . ,
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Terry Depot. •
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally DaUy Dally Dally
L.V.' San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:60p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• , Merced. ;. 12;25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a S:llp.
..'.'.' Fresno.... -2:06 p .2:35 p. 3:15a 10:30. p.',
" • Hanford.. 3:12 p' 3:27 jr 8:05 a= ,i......
"•«• Visalia...; 3:39 p .;...... 5^»,a ...v.i.:-
" Bakersfld. 6:1a p S:20 p 7:4o a ...w...-
•• Kan City. .."...... 2:40 a 7:30 a ».*......
—•■•Chicago.-. :.... t.. 2:15 p »:00 p ..■>..-...
ft for morning, p for afternoon.- ■ ' •
9:C0 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation ot
; local first-class Darsensccrs. ■ No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily. V
.4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:.*0
p. rn. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, -with
through - Palr.ce and Tourist Sleepers and ..
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno:
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. • . . .
7:20 a. m. in Bakerefleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Of flees— G41 Market street and ( In Ferry-
Depot, Ean Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. . - . ■'••■■•
(IQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRQAtt
> Via SausallU F«*r».
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
• • AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:S5, 8:30. '9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1-45 3:15, 4:18, 5:15, •6:15. «:45- p. mj> I '
EXTBA TRIPS— For .Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS--S:00. '10:00. »U:30 -a. m.. «l:iv
115 *4:45 6:30. 9:30 p. m. "
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAF AEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS^-»5:25. 6:27. 7*5. 8:S3. " 1Q:U
« m •12:2V 2:15. ••3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. -
"EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays, "Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. ...
SUNDAYS-«U5. •10:00. . '11:43 a. m..
•1-40 *3:1» 4:45. '6:30 p.m. - .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5M5. 6:45. 7:53. 8:55. 10:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:45. 3:50 5:10 p.-m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 1:15. J:30
1:00, «:4j P. ,j£jj ROU o H TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - ■-'.-■'••,;>■ . V» • „„,, • • ■
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
,8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' .' ■
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
| 629 eCarXY ST. Established
|I» 1S54 for the treatment of Private
/ Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
kdKeas* wearing on body and mind and
■Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
anthers fail. Try him. Charges low.
d«'ure» K unrnntf«-d. Call or writ*
UIBBOA. biui Francisco. Cat. "_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FRELTO MEN!,
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly • Restores Lost Vigor ■;;:
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write. \ ;;••&;£*
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being matted to aU who
will writa the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled '
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the-Ingti-'
tute has 'decided to distribute free trial
packages -to, all who .write. It Is a homo
treatment, and all men who suffer: from
any fonriof sexual weakness resulting
from youthful' folly, premature loss ot
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
celo ; or' emaciation. o£ parts can now curd
themselves at home. - " . .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to. the desired, location, giving strength
and- development just where: it is -needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in-
all cases. A request to -the State 1 Medical
Institute",' 32S : Elektron -bunding,
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire ono
of their free trial packages;' will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who' are unable to leave home to ; ba
treajted. and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness ■ when the -proper reme-
dies are 'employed. -The Institute makes
no restrictions. . Any man who writes will,
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient, need
have no fear of embarrassment" or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. ' ' ' '
■';■ BAILWAY TRAVEL. L"
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.
Trains !••»»«• nn<l a*r« 4m* Unrrlititt
- - NAN ritANUlMUO.
(Main One. Foot of. Market Street.)
fJCAVS — I FBOU NOTISBIB 4. 1901. — ARJim
7:00*. BenicU, Sulsun, Elmira and Sacrv i - • . :
-...-. memo '..........;..... '- 6i33»
7iOOa Vic&Tule, Winters, Rumsey ' 7:53r
7>30A-Marthiez,aaultainon,VaUeio.2I»pa, <*■
- " ■ Callstogk aud S»ul» Koaa ' 0:23 f
SjOOa DmTia, Woodland. Knignts Lauding,
Marrstille. Oro.ille.. J Ts»»»
8iOO» Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East - S«33a
»:o»a Nile* Xathrop, Stockton. I ?>2»»
8:«0a Kites, • Mendota* Hanford, Vtalla, I -"'
• ' PMtertille..... .*..?. 4i53»
■ :3(J a Shut* Express— Davis, Williams (fox -
Bartlet* Springs). WiUows, Bad
Bluff. Portland... 7i33»
IiSOa Smi Jose. . Liveuuore, Htockton,
lone, 8aeramento. PUcerrille,
Murystllle, Chlen, lt«d Bluff -iiS.!*
ftiSB* Otkdale. Chinese.Sonora, Carters. .. . ■* :«.1 r
ViOOa H*yw»rJ, Nllei and Wax Stations.. 1 1:M*
B:UOA Vallejo l:i*29»
' l»:U» a Los Angeles Express — Martinez, .
* ' -. • Trmey, Lathrop. Htoek tou, Meroetl
■'•-.' • ■' Fresno aud Loa Angeles 7;23j
•:3Oa VallKin, Martinez and Way SUtions 7:Zir
I OiUUa The Overland LlmlUd— Ogdan. D«n-
•>.-. <i-. .-- T»r, Oiuaha. Cblcaco •— »««3>
♦ liOOr 8acramento Kl»er Steamers......... fll:O<» J
t:3Ap liayward, Nllrs »nd Way BkaUons.. 7:Z3t
4>UUr Iteiiiclu, Wlsten, Hacraineiito, !
Woodland, KnUliU I,»udlu»,
BlarysTllle, Orodlls 10:53a
4i«Op M artlusji, Han lUiopn, Vallejo,
' Napa. (MUtoga. Hunt a Ilosa m«»5a
» 4rOOr Niles. LiTermorc, Stockton, Lodl... IZZTjt
4>»<»r Hayward. Mies, Hau Jose, IiTcrmora fSASA
4i3Op Port Costa. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton 1 0*33*.
5:W«PTIio Owl IJmitoa— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfield. Hail r:a I or SauU Btr* . ,
bara, Los Angeles W:U*
StOOr Martln*z, Antioch, Stockton,. Merr ' ''
ced, Fresno 12:23>
•tSOr Sew Orleans Xxprens— Mendota> ,
Fresno. B*ierjfield,. Los Angeies, . .
Demlng. £1 Paso, Mew Orleans' .: .
•. ■ and East... ' 7i35*
b amop nariraid, Niles and Hau Joi»....... 7iSS4
i«:OOr Vallejo I'. ."..1..., J li»a*
. OiOVp Oriental ' Mall— Ogden, - Cheyenne, .<
- ' • Omaha. Chicago .-...: 8>23a
. S:OOr Oriantal Mail— Ofdec, Denrer, ' . "
St. Looia. Chicago. ...,..., «.:S3»
- liOOr Oregon aud California Bxpress r Hae>..
".• rHiiientii. MurjiTllle, • JCecMIiiK, ■: ■ *"
I'ortUnil,- rngek Hom.tl rikI Kask 9i33 »
SiO.TrSan Pablo, Pork Costa, Martlne* ■' _
- ' aiKiWayHUtiocs..... ......^ "'M*
. |8iO«p Valli-1«. ....,......." trfjar
COAST TJXSE (S»rr«w «a«g»).
... . . . (Foot ot Market 8treei.-> " ' ' - '■'
HsISa Ncnark.Csut8ri!II«.8aaJoB9,FeUon, . ■ ■ .
Boulder Creek.Sauta Cms and Way
Stations 8«30»
fSOSr Newark, Centenrlll*, Baa Jose, New . .-.
.... ., AlmsJen. Teiton. Bonlder Cniek,' :,."". .
. ' Santa Cnu and l'xincipal W»f
Stations »•»»•*
4il»r N«wark, Sau Jose.-Los Gatos \Sii9k
•0.3 tip Hunters" Tralu— 8in Jose and Way ■ . ,
Buttons V7JIC*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mmSAl rail CISCO— /jov at M»rlc«t -Street (Slip 8>—
17:15 9:00 ll:00*.M. 1:03 3:30 8:13i*.».
frmOilUSfl-rwlVarJiiwij,— fB:OO {8:00 13:05
lO.OOi.M. 13:03 2:03 1:03 f.tt. ■--—•
COAST IilNE (Broad ««»(«].
(Third »nd Townseml Sta.) _■
«il«A Ban Jose and Way .stations.... .....^ «:.i«r
7:IIOA Nan Jose in ul Way Stutlous.. ....... l.-:i«p
/7«ooa New Aliitaa^ii... ....................'/ -«slO»
WtOOA Han Jose. Tres 1'inos. HHiita frux,
Paelfle Uro*e. Salinas, dan Luia
. Oblspo, Santa Barbara and Frin- .
. .'. . . dp»l iutermedUte Htatimis 7*43?
i6>;iOa San Jose aud Way Stations. ' 4>1«7
I IsXOa t)au Joss ami Way Stations Biiloy
txt-iar Ssn Mateo. Uedwood, Menlo Puk, .
Palo A Ito. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Tres Plnoa, Santa Onus. Salinas.
Monterey aiul PaoiSe Grovs...... t***" 3 A
««so r San Jose aud Way .Stations.. CsSOa
1 f4:l »ra»nJorte«.»<t Principal War HtaUoim »^»*
iatOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Frincrpal " "" - ' "
WaySUtlons.. jO:OO*
SiSOr San Jow and Principal Way Statloui ■ Sj38a
•»OOp Redwood. San Jos«, Gilroy. Salinaa, ' t
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles...... 1«!«3a
SsSOp San Jose and Way Stations. ....... t»'""*
«lli4Utp 8ait J»«f »nd Wty BUtiona.. ....... -,«saO»
AforMoniinf. • . ' • P lor Afternoons,
♦ Sunday exeoTtod. J Sunday onlj.
a Saturday only- / Tnegdaya and Prid«ys,
•■••"• '.-"■■-■•
CALIFORNIA HDRTBVESTEU It (H
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1FI&
RAILWAY COMPANY. .— ..'-
* Tlburon Ferry. PmK •* OmIM* Cfc ' ~
San Franc i«co loi S«a Ralaet^*-,''.'^--
WEEK DATS-7:S0. 9:00, 11:00 a.- nut- »;»
3:30. 5:10, 6:30. p.. m. Tnursdays— Extra t*i»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Eitra trips at l:ia
and 11:30 p." m. ■
SUNDAYS— 8:00. f:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, . i:30,
5:00, •:M > p. ; m;
•• ■ San Rafaot to San Francisco. ■-.*.
WEEK DATS— 4:10, 1:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
»;4O. 5:15 p. m.. Saturdaya— Extra trlpa at l:5i
and 5:35 p. m. • • ' . . '..'.'''
SUNEJAYS- S:ll). 9:40. 11:10 a. to.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. ; : . - ' " :'■-'. _
Leave I In Effect I Arrive ■"
San Francisco. (April 23, 1301. [ San Francisco. .
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. I Destination, j.- days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 aov
S:10pm 5^00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm,
f, ' Fulton. ' " ' '
7:30 am - 'Windsor, • 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am •
Lytton.
. Geyserville, ' ■ ' r
3:30 pm 8:00 am . Cloverdalo, 7:35 pm «:20 pra
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am v ' ' " 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm p:Q0pm ... . \ *Xl pm,
7:30 am S:C0am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and "•■' ■- • ■ ■
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Elian. 6:05 pm 6:3!) pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' - 110:40 am I1D1S am
3:30 pm[ 5:00- pm[ Sebastopol. ) 7:35 pm| C:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
. Geyservllle . for Skagga Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaeyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda .Bay. Lakeport and Cartlett
-Springs;- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratog*
Springs. Slue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*». Bucknell'a."
Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Willlts, LaytonviUe. Cummins,
Bell'8 Springs, Harris. Oisen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced " rates. ' •
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, K. X. RYAN.. .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
J1OUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave < Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive , '
San Fran. . Foot of Market St. ■ San Fran.
VVfk Sun- Th . 4 J»».«.t™i.-q«««- Sun- Week
Days- days. x ., a. 4km.*fiuur da >^. ****;.
9-30 a. 8:00a. p^,. n^,^, u.^ « X M 1-00 t. Mo A.
1 J»n>, S«a Fr»mrt». to Sirmmlt »nd B^urn. H.9U. ! •* " ■ ..
- catctoa««, «-i aujm?aTa£rr ai SAC3.ti.rrq nui *
1314
. : ' - ADVERTISEMENTS.
De!icio\is P©cstry
-
are more easily, speedily,
unfailingly . made with
BAKING POWDER
Royal Baking Powder is the great-
est of time -and labor savers to the
pastrycook. Besides, it economizes
flour, butter and eggs, and, best of
all, makes the food more digestible
and healthful. * .^ , '
The "Royal Baker and Pastry There are cheap baking pow-
Cook"— over 800 practical ders, made from alum, but
and valuable cooking re- their astringent and cauter-
ceipts — free to every izing qualities add a
patron. Send full address. dangerous element to food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. 1C0 WILLIAM ST, NEW YORK.
WINTER MAIL
FOR ALASKANS
Government Is to Im
prove the Service in'
the Far North.
H. P. Thrall, superintendent of the
railway mail service, reports an impor
tant change and one for the better in
the service in the Alaska division. The
maii for St. Michael and Cape Nome dur
ing the winter season goes overland at
present from Skagway to the Yukon,
thence down the .river to the points
named, the trip occupying from forty to
sixty days. Trips are supposed to be
inacie weekly, but owing to the difficul
ties in-posea by the Arctic weather tne
schedule is very uncertain.
The Government has arranged for a
speedier and more certain service be
tween Seattle and Xome aud iSt. Michael
during the winter' mouths, and to that
tnd ha.s contracted wiih the Trans-
Alaskan Transportation' ■ Company, of
"which Mr. Benael, formerly of the firm
of TiiUnaun & Bendel, and Frank Hanke
are the leading spirits. Unaer the terms
of the new contract the overland journey
will begin at Ilianna Bay, thence to the
Yukon River by way of Holy Cross Mis
sion to St. Michael and around Norton
Sound to Nome. The trip will be made
twice per month.
The water part of the contract haa
been let to the Northern Commercial
Company, which corporation will run the
steamer Bertha, and another contract has
been let with the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company for the services of the steamer
Excelsior, both from Seattle to Ilianna
Bay, two . trips monthly. The first trip
from Seattle will begin next Saturday,
the second trip on Christmas day and
thereafter on the 7th and 25th of each
month. These steamers will call at all
local ports on the way.
It is expected that under the new serv
ice all mail will be carried from Seattle
to Nome in four weeks* time and prob
ably less, depending upon the weather
Not to exceed 250 pounds of mail will be
taken on each trip, preference being
given to first class matter of small bulk
and then to first class rate prepaid mat
ter of larger bulk.
Angelus
Piano Player
The Angelus is a small instrument,
with stops and pedals in front ani
felt-covered hammers in back, which
rest on the keys of the piano. The
hammers finger the keys of the piano
playing each note as the music is
written. The performer pumps the
pedals and oserates the stops so 'in
reality he is the pianist, for he alone
regulates the time, .accent and touch
of the composition— in fact, he con-
trols the expression of the .music and
has the satisfaction of knowing that
he is producing it.
The simplicity of the Angelus makes
it possible for anybody to play the
piano like, a master, «ven though the
player does not know one note from
another. It affords complete mastery
of the piano without years and years
of hard practice at fingering.
But you must see the Angelus to
realize its wonderful achievements I*
is the only piano player with reeds
which give a piano with violin -or flute
accompaniment, organ or orchestral
effect.
You are cordially Invited to visit our
Angrelus rooms. Write for Catalogue
B if you cannot call. ; ' , , .
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stcinway Piano Dealers
Cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
OLD STORIES
ARE REVIVED
No Proof That Wreck of
the Rio Has Been
Found.
The reported discovery of the hull of
the Rio de Janeiro, which was sunk in
the Golden Gate on February 22 last, is
being widely commented upon by the
Eastern press, which regards the report
as authentic. Even the oniciais of the
United States Hydrographic Omce appear
to regard the news as unal, arid they are
discussing in the newspapers the best
means oi recovering the treasure which
went down with the ship and which, is
awaiting the eliorts ot salvage men to
urmg it to the suriace. \
Kver since tne *uo went down with 126
passengers ana a cargo rougmy esuinat
eo. 10 ue worth neai iy ' »l.Uvw,uuO, reports
nave betn periodically circulated to tne
eitect mat tne nuii . haa been located.
inebe statements were refuted as olten
un made, until at last the man wno knew
where tiie snip lay was iooKed upun witn
compassion uy Uis lieigiiuors. x.Ven trie
bpiriiuaiaiie iook. a naiid in tne game
ana oy me alu oi tne spooKS- the nun was
•posluveiy ii/CateQ. ' V» ueli pruois ut me
auegauou weie . Ueuiaiiucu . uy ine. mjt
iceu insurance companies . iiaef coie'u m
me reported rinu.Uic/. were .not .lortn
coinins. in facL, an iiie wrecneis couni
&ay vva.js tnat tiiey weie certain wiey. nau
ll*C Slili<Ct^xl aill^i, uUt illis mud nils UiliCltrill.
■JCImS m&Uialice ufccmS as Wen ad Ule fik
cino Man oieaniBiiiy company are win
ing to treat witn -me various wrecking
companies. . out tnus lar notning tangible
uad resulted zrom the&e negotiations.
One Company Remains at Work.
There is one company, however, which
remained pei'sisieiiti/ lu cne neio, and tile
entnusiasiu ot its oiucers succeeued in in
ducing me various insurance companies
as well as the facinc iuan Company to
feign a contract contingent upon produc
ib£ tne goods containeu in tne nun. xne
company is known as the >vxoiaen Gate
\VrecK and Salvage Company, ana it was
formed on tne statement oi^Nns boren
sen, a diver, that he' had positively 10
cated the wreck. It is claimed that he
siooa upon tne deck jot the snip in twen
ty-three tathoms of water about half a
mile trom Fort Point, and that ne brought
something with him from the deptns in
proof of nis assertion. What this article
was is kept a secret, but it is said to have
satisfied . the stockholders in the-com
pany that they had a magnificent invest
ment for their money. The result was
that coin was raised to continue the in
vestigation and to provide for the raising
of the hull into shallower water. • !■
By the terms of its contract with the
Interested insurance corporations the
wrecking company is to receive from 70
to 75 per cent of all that is recovered
from the wreck. The cargo consists of
block tin worth $75,000, raw silk worth
$600,000, $35,000 in gold coin in registered
mall bags and $40,000 worth of machinery.
There are other valuables in the wreck
worth about $100,000 more.
Insurance Hen Skeptical.
. Inquiry ; among > the insurance com
panies .yesterday developed that the
agents are not wildly enthusiastic over
the outlook. Scarcely, an agent could be
found who put any faith in the stories
of the finding; of the .wreck. Indeed, all
without exception expressed the belief
that the wreck would never be found,
and were it to" be the discovery would be
valueless for the reason that it lies at a
depth too great to permit divers to op
erate. This view is entertained by Vice
President Jacob B. Levlson of the Fire
man's Insurance Company, chairman of
the committee of .the underwriters which
conducted the negotiations for the re
covery and raising of the hull of the Rio
The Pacific Mail officials - regard with
some skepticism the reports of the find
ing of the hull. They asserted yesterday
that as far as the company was con
cerned they knew no more about the lo
cation of the wreck than on the day the
disaster, occurred. They • expressed the
hope that the vessel would one day be
found, and that when found some practi
cal method of removing valuables there
from ; would ■. be. advanced. ■
On 'the other hand; the officials of the
wrecking company,.; claim that their story
about finding the'- wreck Is no dreanL
They assert they have absolute proof of
Qiscoyery and that the only difficulty con
fronting them is the slewing of the hull
into shallower water. They admit the
wreck cannot be worked by the divers
Inner present location, but this will be
overcome by means of pontoons. At th^
present time the location of the wreck is
m ?f ked b X a bu °y twenty-five feet under
water. The company is hopeful of ac
complishing the task before It/but the?e
!wi mei \£ onv ? rs ? nt w "h such tasks who
tion it is impossible of realiza-
Physidans would not r&ommend Jesse Moore
Whiskey If they did not Know It to be the best
In the market. •
Paragraphically speaking, it takes the
blue pencil to make a long story' abort.* v?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1901.
FRIENDS MOURN AT BIER
OF DEPART ED EX-SENATOR
Sacramento Pays, Last Tri buterto the Memory
V of the Late Findley R Dray.
FORMER STATE SENATOR AND LEADING MAN OF SACRA
MENTO, WHOSE DEATH HAS CAUSED GENERAL GRIEF AMONG
■THE RESIDENTS OF THE CAPITAL CITY. »,
ACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— The fu
(L^ .neral of ex-Senator Findley R.
Dray took place this afternoon
from the family residence, 323 I
■' "street. The services were large
ly attended by members of the lodges to
which Senator Dray belonged and by
friends from the various walks of life.
The services were conducted by Rev.
Charles A. Dickinson, pastor of the Con
gregational Church. The interment,
which was at the City Cemetery, was at
tended only by members of the family.
The pallbearers were: J.- H. Arnold, P.
Beckendorf, Colonel Ed R. Hamilton,
Philip Scheld, Colonel J. B. Wright and
Grove L. Johnson. There were many
beautiful floral pieces from . sorrowing
CONSIDERS THE NEEDS
OF FISHING INTERESTS
Manufacturers' and' Producers' Asso
ciation "Wants Government to Es
tablish Codfish Hatcheries.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association held yesterday it
was decided to renew the efforts made
during former sessions of Congress to se
cure 1 the passage of national laws which
■would relieve local manufacturers of the
burdens imposed by the ! importation of
convict-made goods and adulterated food
products from other States.
The wr^ten report of the secretary on
the subject of Pacific codfisheries was
considered and it was decided to ask the
commercial Interests of the Western
coast to act toward securing the estab
lishment of codfish hatcheries in Alaskan
waters.
Secretary. Bancroft shcrws in his report
the value of the -fisheries to San'Fran
cisco and the necessity for artiflcal prop
agation.
Professor Bresslar's Lecture.
Professor F. B. Dresslar, Ph.D., of -the
University of California, will lecture this
evening at 8 o'clock in the Sunday-school 1
room of St. , Luke's Church, corner Van
Ness avenue and Clay street. This will
be the fourth lecture of a course now
being delivered under the auspices of the
Sunday-school Commission of the diocese
of California.
§gJOT/ngSra| Second Shoe Store from Market St. fijli f^^
friends.
Expressions of regret at the death of
Senator Dray are general, and it is felt
everywhere that the city has lost one of
its best citizens. Mr. Dray had not only
served the county twice in the State Sen
ate, but he had previously been a County
Assessor and County Supervisor. He en
tered political life as a deputy under
Sheriff James McClatchy, the veteran edi
tor of the Bee, in 1863. He was a native
of Pennsylvania and 68 years of age..
Senator Dray leaves- a wife, Mrs. Mary
F. Dray, and seven children— Mrs. George
H. Perry, San Francisco; Mrs. James War
rack, Sacramento; Mrs. Carrie Culver,
New York, but now visiting In Sacra
mento; Miss . Alice Dray, Sacramento;
Dr.- Frank- Dray; San" Francisco; Arthur
Dray and Bruce L. Dray, of Sacramento.
OLD FOLKS WED AFTEB
; A LONG SEPARATION
Edward Glaize and Miss Amelia
L'Anee, Inmates of King's Daugh
ters' Home, Marry.
Edward Glalze and Miss Amelia I/Anee,
inmates of the King's Daughters' Home
at 317 Francisco street, were married yes
terday afternoon by the Rev. W. M.
Bourse, pastor of St. Peter's Episcopal
Church. Glaize is 70 years of age. and
was formerly a carrier of an evening
paper. Miss L'Anee is 60 years of age
and was once a French teacher.
A pretty romance is connected with the
marriage of the old people. Many years
ago Glaize wooed and won Miss L'Anee,
but she refused to leave . an invalid
mother. The lovers parted and Glaize
some time afterward wedded another
His wife died and fate led him and his
first love to the home for old people. She
had remained- true to him during all the
years. • .
Kelly Secures Acquittal.
The case of James Keiiy, an ex-soldier,
charged with robbery, was dismissed by
Judge Fritz yesterday morning, as there
was absolutely no evidence on which to
hold him. He was arersted about a
month ago and charged with holding up
Charles Brockway, a mind reader of i09
Hyde street, and. a lady friend, while
they were driving in a buggy near Ingle
side. . . V '
NULLIFIES SJATE
LUNACY LAW
Supreme Court Declares
It Provides No
Safeguard.
Any Sane Person Might Be
Sent to Asylum, Justices
Hold. :
The Supreme Court rendered a decision
yesterday ■ which practically invalidates
the State lunacy, law passed in 189T. The
ground for this action is that the statute
in question makes it possible for a per
son to be deprived, of his liberty without
being given an opportunity to answer
the charges against him.
Habeas corpus proceedings were insti
tuted by W. H. Lambert, who is confined
in the Napa State Hospital for the In
sane. He alleges that a "friend" peti
tioned that he be sent to an asylum; that
two physicians declared he was non com
pos mentis and that Judge Buckles of
Solano County ordered his commitment.
Th.e^ first that he heard of what was go
ing on was when the Sheriff placed him
under arrest and took him to the hospital.
The court decided that any one else
might be "railroaded" to an asylum with
out a hearing, and that therefore the law
Is unconstitutional in that it deprives one
of his liberty without due process of law.
It is a primary principle of the United
States Government that a person must Do
heard before he is imprisoned.
The State lunacy law became a part of
the statutes March 31;- 1897. - It provides
that an application for a commitment to
an insane asylum must.be made by a rel
ative, friend or qualified official. The
application must be attended by a certifi
cate of lunacy signed : by two physjeiani
who are authorized medical examiners.
The Judge must then consider the case
and may commit the person charged with
insanity.
The number of physicians who "may be
come medical examiners Is unlimited.
Their testimony Is not given under oath,
nor do they administer oaths to witnesses.
A person is allowed to continue hunting
medical i examiners until he finds two of
them who will issue a certificate of lu
nacy. The court declares that under
these conditions any one may be sent to
an insane asylum.
In reference to the case in qutsti»n
Justice Harrison, who writes the opin
ion, says:
The constitutional guaranty that a man
shall not be deprived of his liberty without due
process of law Is violated whenever any such
Judgment is had without giving him an op
portunity to be heard in defense of the charge.
It Is not enough that he may know by chance
that he is being tried on a charge of Insanity;
the law must require that notice to that effect
be given.
In- closing, the opinion reads as follows:
Under the foregoing considerations it must
be held that the insanity, law of 1S97, to th«
extent that it authorizes the confinement of
a person in an Insane asylum without giving
him due notice and an opportunity to be heard
upon the charges against him, is unconstitu
tional and that the proceedings by virtue of
which the petitioner is held by the respondent
are invalid.
The court then orders the release of
Lambert. Justices Henshaw, Temple and
Chief Justice Beatty concur with Justice
Harrison.
Justice Garoutte writes the following
dissenting opinion: 5
Aa I read the foregoing opinion it renders
entirely void the present lunacy law. It is
hardly necessary to say that such grave re
sulta should be avoided If possible and that
no technical construction of this law should be
invoked which leads to such- serious conse
quences. . I believe a fair liberal construction
of the law may be had which will support Its
constitutionality, and for that reason I dissent
from the opinion of the court bearing upon
that branch of the case.
I For Christmas E
This is a special- ''yfrctP
ly good offer — jtisi
else we would not
make it. If you A ( 1
desire to make an \ / A-
elegant and useful J^Ao 3 1/Q s,
present to a ffrA l^j /-
friend, buy a \ *>&*^LJ
Suit Order Cer- jjjH
tificate for $25.00 Wl '
for this suit, when jyA
upon presentation ' > 1*\
of order to us we / 'I. a
will make the suit. / //fva
We willy also /
make it upon / J^isf A \
direct order. / sffS? V- K
Choice of fab- / jfl?" ;W il^^V
ric embraces / ■ Js? 1 0$i ' -^-12 i\
Blue or Black C^jp" jS£ vg, 'M v ' : i\ .
English Wors- -^\^ {jj \ -fe M
ted, guaran- — *£
teed fast color
and t horoughly shrunk. Jacket lined with
Satin Duchesse, with collar of silk velvet.
TAJLORX
914 MARKET vfT.-SanFrancitto
H m ■ iS*^ I ■ £5b fll V /^fc ■ Bl
I 'H llSil 1 make suits and
I >HH Mi y to measure f° r
•J J*L sMaa Imm " |Hh\ **| '
Be sure of our name and address.
128 EIIlS St. Aboveftiwell
GIVE NEW SIGHT FOR XMAS.
MAKE A PRESENT \^r»*_
that will be highly appre- flmg&&**^
elated for MANY JSw
YEARS- TO, COM. >C^>>^
Mayerle's Superior Quality TST^I^X.
Eyeglasses are the only ones UjaLij^V^ *'
indorsed by the highest U. *&1*r
S. Army, Navy * and- »Gev- ' x!. 1 v • .
ernment 1 officials. - Will -be T* " ■ .
sent by Express -with privilege of trying- them
before paying any charges. Prices Jo, $10 and
$15. When ordering state age, occupation, also
whether, classes are wanted for ' reading or to
see off. GEORGE MAYERLE,' Graduate Ger-
man Expert -.Optician. 1071K- Market atrwt,
ADVERTISEMENT^
Commencing MONDAY, December 2d, we will
have on sale tbe following
t All dul Ullldl I udl pillo y
IN
oILKd ANU UKtoo buUDoi
76 pieces. Extra Heayo COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, in the following colors? Light Blue,
Pink, Mais, Turguoise, Cerise, Orange, Garnet, i
Cardinal. Olive, Murtle, National, Bluett, etc.
This Taffeta is 21 inches wide and is the
gualitu regularlu sold hu us at $1,00 Der ua?d«
This lot will he sold at
65e Yard,
22 pieces Extra Heavu CHEVIOT, in Black and
two shades NaYUi goods measure 52 inches
wide, Yeru desirable for Ladies J Walking
Skirts, regular price $1.50 uard, This lot y
will he sold at
$l.GOYard.
3 cases CHECK CAMEL'S-HAIR SUITINGS, all
wool and 50 inches wide. These are Yeru
stulish and serviceable goods, two-toned effects - y
and 14 combinations in colorings. Will make ■
Yeru acceptable holldau presents. Former
price $1,25 uard. This lot will be sold at
6Oc Yard.
0(%rtotGiS 9
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
OIL CASE MAY
BE REOPENED
Railroad Attorneys Not
Satisfied With the
Result.
The Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe
Railway companies are not pleased with
the decision of the Railroad Commission
ers in the oil case. The attorneys in the
law departments are very guarded in dis
cussing the case, but from their tone it is
very evident that the result was not to
their liking. . '
"What steps they will take in the mat
ter they have not yet decided upon, but
from the present outlook it points to the
fact that they will bring the matter before
he Superior Court in this city and county
under injunction proceedings. ■
A prominent attorney of the Southern
Pacific Company, on being interviewed in
regard to the subject, said:
How do we like' the decision? "Well, we don't
want to talk about it just at present. We are
not satisfied with it, but just at present we
are thinking- the matter over and have not de
cided what steps we shall take about the case.
The only legal step we can take will be to
bring injunction proceedings In the Superior
Court in this city and county, but don't quote
me as saying i that we shall do this, as we
have the matter under advisement and have
not decided whether we shall take legal stepa
or not.
Attorney Short of Fresno, who con
ducted the case for the oil men of Kern
County, is jubilant over the decision. The
Railroad Commissioners ! made little
changes in the rates for the transporta
tion of oil from the .Kern district to this
city, but, on the other hand, the spur
charges, over which such a mighty pro
test was made, have been cut in half.
The question as to whether the railroad
companies will take the matter into the
Superior Court is arousing much inter
est. Should they take further legal ac
tion the case will not be settled for sev
eral months and perhaps years. If, in the
meantime, they secure an injunction re
storing the charges to the original figure,
they will be well satisfied.
Dismissal of Policemen.
City Attorney Lane advised the Police
Commission yesterday that the members
of the Police Department who came «in
under the charter are subject to and
protected by the provisions of the civil
service chapter of that instrument, but
that the Police Commissioners have
authority to dismiss members of the Po
lice Department without the approval of
the Civil Service Commissioners, inas
much as the charter provides a special
and extraordinary method governing dis
missals within the Police Department,
with which the Civil Service Commission
has no concern.
A Word to the People.
The undersigned will open the clothing
sale of the Monarch. There will be on
sale 2500 men's all-wool suits and over
coats, worth $18, for $4 15. There is no
less. than 5000 suits of underwear, worth
about $1 50 a suit— will sell them from 25c
a piece;- 25c neckwear for 10c; 3 for 50c
collars for 5c each, -tr 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 articles
yes, more. Everything will be- sold at
once; no delay will be tolerated. I prom
ised to sell the goods and will do so. Sale
will begin to-morrow, at 9 a. m. at the
Monarch clothing sale, 915 Market street,
opposite Mason. HENRY A. BROOK. *
Illegally Shipped Game Seized.*
The Fish Commission reports . that at
tempts are being made by parties in Ore
gon to illegally ship Mongolian pheasants
into California. Two cases of the birds
were seized yesterday. Chief Deputy Vo
gelsang states that one of them was con
signed to "W. C. Price, a local commission
merchant, and bore the legend, "dressed
turks." Another sent to a private Indi
vidual was marked "samples." The min
imum penalty for this offense is "1100.
■Rionhart's CTaxseed Balsam
.Will cure your cough; 60 cents; at all drug-slats*.
'Phone Howard 1021. >l
I KKSf J& w'\ g^ %3 BjjKl Ly Jag&lk. ifl
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Our prices arouse the grocery trade and
cash buyers to a point never before
reached in San Francisco. Every house-
keeper wants the best and the best only.
She gets it here, also the utmost for her
money, as shown by following items:
EGGS LOWER EVERY DAY.
BUTTER a7gYsifa a r f es .. c f e .!! ne .?: 35c
New grassy flavor. No limit.
TOMATOES, BEST, 5 TINS 35c
WALNUTS gS£ d .. pape . r ...... ahe . 1 . 1 : 10c
Large, sweet English.
SLICED BACON. GLASS JAR, 15c.
CRRQ Cal. Ranch. Dozen Oft«
LUUO All guaranteed. uUG
PRUNES, CAL. FRENCH, 6 LBS. 25c.
CjfiC Cal. Smyrna. White. Pound C ft
riuO package 0G
Fresh, fruity flavor. Regular 10c.
APRICOTS, BEST DRY, POUND J)c»
pnPFCC Java and Mocha cn n
UUITLL "Broken." 3 pounds OUC
One of Faber's standing specials. Best
value In city.
CHILI SAUCE. 15c. 25c BOTTLE w
COCOA SSSSSSSSSSS 19c
Thursday only.
ROCK AND RYE, 90c BOTTLE 60c.
SAND SOAP £r^*i! ch .!?;... 8 25c
Cleans everything needing It. 16 bars
limit.
BEST CAROLINA RICE. ib. 8c.
FI8PRUNE? a E cL E ie L :...: 2 .... po . un . d 19c
Usually 25c. For health — strong nerves
and digestion. Served at store this week
by Mlsa Evana, .who attributes her good
looks and complexion to the use of Fig-
prune.
TOILET PAPER, 6 pkgs. 25c.
WUKIfEY Jesse Moore, Monogram. O.
YVnlOM.1 P. S., Hermitage, Old 7Q ft
Crow, Old Government. Quart lOu
Pure medicinal liquors. Why pay |1.13?
50c JAPAN TEAS, Pound 35c.
PI A RET Eisen Vineyard. Gallon.. JRa
uLAnCI Very smooth, rich table 4UC
wine. 1897 vintage. Sample at store.
Worth 60c.
SATURDAY NIGHT HALF PRICE
SALE.
SAPOLIO c^°e ch ...^.°.! s . a ?: s :
MUSH l c o^1i e ck 0 aU ran . d ?:...^. po . u . nd 5c
PORK and BEANS 5S2^i5?& Rp
tins 0C
BAKING SODA £&.*•?&»: 5o
It will pay you to watch Faber's Satur-
day night sales. All ' orders taken deliv-
ered Monday. - * ' A-
Extra list at store. f
Oriental
Rug
Sale . . •
We offer our line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25%DiscoDnt
from regular prices.
Ghasi M. Plum & Go.
139M3.W MARKET SF//L.
fittWpESL