SAN SATURDAY, JUNE 8il9dl^
VOLUME XC-NO. 8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Cable Message;: From- the Fair Young Bride jnYokohama Brings the News
of Death," but Gives Absolutely No Particulars of the Sad 'Event.
Mother of Deceased Summoned From ' Monterey to Hear Sad Tidings
TRAGIC AND STARLING IS ENDING
IN FAR-AWAY JAPAN 0F THE ROMANTIC MARRIAGE
AND THE BRIEF HONEYMOON OF HUGH TEVIS
Railroad Attorney Returns From East Elated Over Inside Information That
Directors Are Indignant Over Summary Removal of J. B. Wright--"De
posed Division Superintendent to Continue as Chief Political Aid
HERRIN STILL IN POLITICS, IN DISREGARD
OF FAMOUS ULTIMATUM OF PRESIDENT HAYS,
AND A CLASH WITH CHIEF SEEMS IMMINENT
rr UPENDING conflict between W. F.
I Herrin and President Hays of the
j i Southern Pacific Railroad has
"^ thrown the men in the "big yellow
building" into a flurry, for all realize
that when issue is Joined between these
two no man can foretell the result. They
await the crisis and Btart at shadows and
duck at the rustling in the wind of a stack
of papers.
A ehort time ago it was not as it Is now.
Hays issued his famous proclamation
anent politics and outside business ven
tures not mixing properly with railroad
duties. Herrin thought Hays was looking
straight at him and he shook in his boots.
But lately something has come over the
spirit of his dreams. He has resumed his
old air of hauteur, and his friends look
¦wise and hint of a directorate displeased
and a president not too firmly entrenched
in the favor of his employers.
THE TWO MEN MOST DIRECTLY AFFECTED BY HAYS' ULTIMATUM
THAT EMPLOYES MUST KEEP, OUT OF POLITICS, AND WHO MAY
CAUSE TROUBLE FOR THE SOUTHERN. PACIFIC PRESIDENT. - -
It Is said that Morgan, has had in mind
for a considerable period the creation of
a single great institution \. which "would
dominate j not only , the banking [ business
passing to and fro between | America and
Europe, but. would practically dictate' trie
financial . operations of L the ; world. ' S :> £
. His < experience L .with | existing L banking
facilities during the .recent, panic,' It ¦ is
said, .'has hastened his de3ire "to ."put. into
operation his great scheme. ; • :'•-;" ' • •
XEW; TORK, June 7.— A cablegram to
the World from London says: It Is're
ported here that J. Pierpont Morgan is
engaged in arranging for the establish
ment of a great Anglo-American bank
•with a capital of $1,000,000,000. It is pro
posed to abolish all of the "principal finan
cial agencies and banks already; engaged
In the Anglo-American business.
The proposed institution,' It Is" sald,~ is
Morgan la understood to have associat
ed with him In the stupendous undertak
ing: not only the principal capitalists who
aided in the organization of the billion
dollar Bteel trust,- but also I the' Roths-
Child.- \". -
Intended to be the. principal agency for
the already vast and rapidly growing
banking transactions between Europe and
America. '"". . - -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Associated With Him Are Said to Be the Rothschilds and the Principal
Capitalists Who Aided in Organizing the Gigantic Steel Trust.
MORGAN NOW PLANS A GREAT ANGLO-AMERIGAN
BANK WITH A CAPITAL OF ONE BILLION DOLLARS
yesterday states that J. B. Wright, the
deposed division superintendent, has con
fided to friends the storv of his dismissal,
and that It has become gossip among rail
road men. i
As early as March General : Manager
Julius KruttschnJtt had a talk with
Wright and ordered him to keep his hands
off politics In future. Wright replied that
he had dabbled in the came in the uast
under instruction from the ©resident of
the company, who was his employer and
had full authority to give him instruc
tions. At this same conference ; Krutt
schnitt made the peremptory demand that
J. W. Heintzelman. master mechanic, J.
R. B. Robinson, resident engineer, and T.
J. Jones, Wright's assistant division su
perintendent, be removed. Wright de
clined to discharge these men, saying that
they were all faithful and capable em
ployes.
Genesis of "Wright's Dismissal.
"Well, if my wish is not respected,. in
that matter," Kruttschnitt Is reported, to
have said, "you had better look about for
something else to do about July L"
Wright replied . that if such demand
were insisted upon, his resignation .was
from that moment in Kruttschnitt's
hands, to be acted upon at his pleasure.
About May 1 Wright received a tele
gram frtm a high railroad official, rumor
has it, warning him of the forthcoming
ultimatum about politics and the oil busi
ness as an avocation for railroad gentle-
men. Wright replied that he was willing
to drop all outside ventures. Soon after
the. same official .wired to Wright that it
would be just as well if he would send in
his resignation. Wright telegraphed back
that his resignation had been in Krutt
schnitt's'hands since March.
It was that resignation that was accept
ed late in. May, setting adrift one of the
most popular men in the. employ of the
Southern Pacific. ; . ,.
They are trying up in Sacramento to get
Jack Wright to accept a crown, but he
has "thrice refused." . Employes of the
Southern Pacilic shops at Sacramento,
numbering 3000 men. subscribed $1000 for
a silver service, which will be presented
to their deposed chief as soon as its man
ufacture Is completed. Prominent resi
dents of Sacramento will present him an
elegant gold service.
Influential. Republicans and .Democrats
alike are urging Wright to accept the
nomination . for Mayor of Sacramento,
with the assurance that no opposing can
didate will be named. .Wright has de
clined. He says he has been a busy man
and needs rest, and that he plans to take
a trip .to Europe with | his wife. : Sacra
mentans, however, have not given up
hope, and they. believe that he will ulti
mately yield to popular clamor and con
sent to serve his city as Mayor:
Should Wright persist in his declination
W. E. Gerber, cashier of the California
State Bank, will probably be the Republi
can nominee for Mayor of the Capital
City.
"Keep your hands' off politics,!" Hays
eay? end scowls at Herrin.
"I'm not out of politics. There are a
few Ecores to be paid off, and I'll" pay
them, and Jack Wright Is the man who
will help me," says Herrin, making "goo
poo" eyes at the deposed division super
intendent up at Sacramento.
Herrin went East recently to argue a
case before the Interstate Commerce
Commission, feeling very shaky as to h!s
future. He came back with, a good bal
last of self-assurance, to the amazement
of those who thought his days of power
¦were gone.
Men close to Herrin say that during his
absence he obtained knowledge 6V facts
thai makes him sanguine of his own fu
ture and gleeful in anticipation of the
downfall of Hays and the withdrawal of
the anti-politics ultimatum.
Three Directors Indignant.
Herrin has confided to some that three i
members of the present board of directors
are indignant over the. summary dismissal
of Jack Wright, the popular division su
perintendent, and displeased with numer
ous features of Hays' policy. Hays has a
live-year contract, to be sure, but the men
in power now are not the men -who em
ployed him.
"And what do they care for a five-year
contract," Herrin is reported to have said,
"when the whole question of the railroad's
policy is at Issue?"
Herrin has done more. He has passed
the word along to Jack Wright that he is
In politics still and that he wants him as
his chief lieutenant, even though he is no
longer on the payroll of the Southern Pa
cific. Such palpable disloyalty would
never be ventured. It Is reasoned. If. Her
rin dlfi not feel certain of his own strength
and of Hays' weakness with the director
ate.
The attorney, however, has said that In
future he will not take so prominent a
part in politics as he has at times in the
past, and that he will play the game only
when forced into it 1n self-defense or to
settle old scores.
A telegram received from Sacramento
- Continued oh • Page Two. «
;W;'~*UGH TEVIS Is dead.In faraway
'[ I-HI; Yokohama the^beautiful girl who
I ¦ I •:'^?'»^®e^ aT.as° be^. ame nls , bl?de
:.~.'- ~' Swatches-.beside^; Ills;-lifeless • body. -j
¦ ' :*^.wWlo^thp r _members^of t hlsjfa.inlly",
In this' city,anxiously.-a.wait the expectevl.
message that : wijl; more «fully explain 'the
sorrowful %of>h[s sudden taking off.
:V. Thursday; night at 11 -'o'clock Dr. * Harry
, Tevis {received ~sl]. "cablegram ( f rbiin'-¦ Yolio-^
hama^ffoTTi^hiS'.-sI^ter-in-law '»informing
Mm\thatihis.-.brother' Hugh ,'w*asi'danscr-
ously ; ill. ,Two , hours' later came another
cablegram with ¦ tlie 'news of Hugh .Tevis*.
death. ' The cablegram contained < hot one
V of (explanation. -' Just ¦ the fact . that
ABMED CATTLEMEN :• .
v RAID A SHEEP ; CAMP
Horses . and - Sheep, Shot and Tvn
¦• Herders ; on a; Dis- ¦
puted f Range. ¦ ;
CHEYENNE*- Wy O ;, ; June, 7.-There was
a clash • between : cattlemen -and flockmas-
ters over a division; of -"/the. range near
Piedmont, \InUthe," aputhwesterri^ part Vof
the State, last nlgiifVi The isheepmea had
been warned toinot ; trespass upon a cer-
range "claimed.' by\, the cattleipenl\ : ; No
attention ¦ was; paid to .the ; and
last "; night * one : of , the /sheep camps i was
,vlsited I by .„ a ¦ party, off armed , cattjeinen/
The sheep '; herders woWd ¦ not ¦ move 'their
flocks ! arid 'the > cattlemen 'opened ; fire.*. One
herder- was shot ' in • the"; leg and ' another, in
. the :^ arm.': -The , cattlemen* then: shot^ the
horscsl and j killed'^ several ; head : of , sheep
and '-burned- the;, wagons. J", Officers are- out
rounding > up ;the^ marauders. y v The '. names
of the wounded ¦' herders^ have not' been
, learned.' - ; : :V VVi> v ' ';"• ;«-". : -:;i
' HE impression that tlCe widozv of ¦Hugh tevis zvill. come \ in for a considerable share of the
J^ Tevis millions -is 'not clear^in the light of Lloyd Tevis'-zvilV Lloyd Tevis, father of Hugh
,! Tevis, died July '24;. i8op, leaving an estate zvhichzvas'subsequently appraised' at $7,837,600.
His zvill I filed [Augiist}7, 1889/ bequeathed the ert The zvill contains the fol
lozving paragraph: :.-¦¦ '¦ ; • / ";• , ;:¦ ,. : ¦¦ :.-;:-:- -V ¦';¦•' ' &iffc$\*^i
• ..'. tc IJiereby declare that in m^ Margaret S.
Bldnding; zvifc of' Gordon Blanding;- Louise Tevis Sharon, v:ife, of Frederick W. Sharon; Harry
L. Tevis,' Hugh Tevis [and William S. Tevis j and r that my .omission to maker any provision for
them' by ..this 'will is .intentional; and 1 [commend my said, children to the 'can r and a ffection of my
' said I wife/ hi zvhoml , Have- full' faithMnd Confidence." . « ; ; : ', .- '; 'JWJji
¦ O;t August 6y : ipoo^Judgc Coffcy of ' the "> Probate y Court made' an order of distribution in
which all the, property \'o '// the estate was conveyed .to Susan G. Tevis, zvidow of Tevis. The
amount, conveyed : to. her children: since the' death of her husband As. probably not very large.
life"':';' '4 ypromirimVjawfa Tevis zvill only receive '
one-half < of zvJiatcvcr ['estate 'her deceased {.husband left, as [a ¦ child/ by : a former wife, is a joint hcirjto ;
the property, li Had Hugh )-TcvisJmttiivcd: h is. mother: his . estate jvouldh'ave been ¦ triple in value, as he
twouWJiaveinhcritcdiajp^ :'. > . . -/: - ,"'
'No' doubt -the wealth, of Mrs. Susan G.Tci>is; widow pfc^
¦' praised -'value' of 'the.cstatc: practical business c
J$ij,ood,qoo. -Ike widow;of [Hugh^Tmisjim^ amount will be:
dctcrmiried;by:Mrs.;SusanG:}f /. .-,_;..;,":'• ¦.;;;¦•_¦ -.'V.-.v- -; :^<W* •• '..'¦ V ¦ - •
WEALTH OF LLOYD TEVIS IS WILLED TO HIS WIFE.
LATE MILLIONAIRE WHOSE SAD AND ; UNEXPECTED DEATH WIULE ON* HIS 1 HONEYMOON TRIP IN THE
LAND OF THE MIKADO HAS PLUNGED. HIS FAMILY AND - LEGIONS OF : FRIENDS IN DEEP SORROW.
;- i HIS l YOUNG ) WIDOW;.WILL BRINGHIS BODY HOME; ' .' . ' :'":/- ' .' \ • .
Mob Breaks Into Jail to Lynch
: '¦ a Negro and Is Fired »
Governor; Calls* Out the Militia and
¦. the Prisoner Is Sent to a Place
¦ J* • of Safety.
CARROLLTON.pa. , June 7.— The nerve
of a Georgia Sheriff, Joseph Merrill, to
day. UDheld the [ law of the State and
saved the life of a negro from a mob. In
protecting the negro, who was saved.from
the* gallows only:"- a few hours before
through the efforts oMiis lawyers, one life
was lost and two men were wounded. The
arrival 'of '<' the "¦: State >-' ; militia averted
threatened- trouble . to-night and at 9
o'clock a special-train the negro,
whose crime* was" the; murder of a little
white boy wham he found fishing- alone,
was speeding toward ' Atlanta,' under
guard.
-The man killed In attacking the jail was
George Bennett ' of Carrollton, ' and the
wounded men are Thomas Smith, a citi
zen of Car6llton,<and an unknown man,
presumably a farmer.' Thomas S. Word,
father: of the murdered boy, who was in
the front rank of the would-be lynchers,
was not'hit. • After Bennett fell Mr. Wood
jumped upon a' window sill and exclaimed
dramatically: ' . .».'¦_
. "Shoot me, Mr. Sheriff; I would as soon
die now as any time.-' , j;
Only nine shots'were fired and the walls
of the jail show the marks of the bullets.
None of the Sheriff's posse was hit.
Williams; the' negro who caused the
trouble, was - tried and found .guilty of
murdering Otis Word, January 1, 1901, and
sentenced to be hanged to-day. He was
only this morning, refused- a : new trial,
but his attorneys filed a bill of exceptions
and carried the case "toV the Supreme
Court. "*'¦¦- r 1 : > V
Jail Door. Battered Down. I
\- A, large crowd of people- had come to
j town to witness the hanging,, and when It
1 1 was lea rned-.that' 'an aibp^Li ¦'< ., ha*V -bf ern
''taken to the. Supreme 'Cp.atti^delaylng ; thje^
exe'cutiori.v there was much, excited' talk,
which, crystallized soon after In the* form-*,
ation of a mob., At "noon the mob made
an assault on * the jali. They battered
down the outside door, despite the warn
ing of: the Sheriff, and entered the bulld-
They made a demand on the Sheriff for
the keys to the negro's cell, but were re
fused.. With the refusal they began their
advance upon ; the , Sheriff and the j few
deputies which he. had been able. to sum
mon to his aid. They were told t<T"stop
or they would- be fired on,' but the order
was. not obeyed. , , 7. ¦ ., .."*....!..,,.
Shot Down by Officers. - ;*•-.
As they ". advanced down th*;*, corridor
toward the Sheriff the order. was given to
fire.. Bennett fell, dying almost Instantly.
Thomas Word, the father of .Williams'
victim,' who was in the front of the mob,
was badly shot, as was also an unknown
countryman. ,The unexpected ¦" fight i of
the Sheriff and his little posse frightened
the mob, and they retreated outside of. the
jail. Here they, broke and ran and were
soon divided .Into, little 'groups discussing
the event.' . ¦ > ,> .-;'.'• ."/.
Sheriff. Merrill at . once consulted Judge
Harris of the County Court and- it was
decided to call upon Governor Candler for
aid.' ¦ The Governor .was communicated
with by telephone and said he would send
two companies from Atlanta as soon' as
. they could be assembled. :
Governor Acts Promptly.
During • the', afternoon ¦'; the , mob ,-tele
phoned the situation to friends In the ad
joining towns of Villa Rica and Temple, 1
and made an appeal for more men to get'
possession ' of the negro. This ;was com-'
munlcated also'to Governor Candler, who'
soon wired a proclamation to the people
of the county. It was read from the steps
of the Courthouse- at 4 o'clock by I the
Mayor.: The Governor commanded the
people to disperse and said the entire mil
itary and civil ; forces. of^the State would
be used to enforce the, order if necessary.
-.The readlngr'of the proclamation appar
ently had a^ good^effect, as many people
were seen to' mount their horses and leave
town. Much apprehension was- felt for
the night, and the Sheriff and city. and'
county officials, after, a consultation, de
cided' to take ! the prisoner, out 'of-, the
county for safe keeping. "'iThe .'* Atlanta
militia under command ' of . Major Barker
arrived, about 6 o'clock and one hour later
escorted the * negro ' and Sheriff . Merrill to
the train/which was soon speeding south
ward to Atlanta. \ ; . ¦'...- '. ?.
Georgia Sheriff Takes
Life in Protecting a
: ' • • Murderer.
LAW UPHELD
BY THE USE
OF BULLETS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.KANSAS CITY, June 7.— Part of
the morning In the trial of Lulu-;
Prince Kennedy for murdering
her husband was taken up In ar
guing the" privilege claimed by.
the State of bringing In testimony bear- .
Ing on the acts, conduct and character of 1
the prisoner previous to : the killing. Tha
defense argued strongly that Inasmuch as,
the plea of insanity' would be made in be
half of .the prisoner, such- evidence was
not relevant. The jury was sent from the
room while the point was argued. Judge
Wofford- finally decided "that such evi
dence could be introduced, and Prosecutor
Hadley resumed the examination of. his
witnesses. \; ! .
The officers who arrested Mrs. Kennedy
and the patrol driver recited the trip with
the prisoner to the jail, but nothing Im
portant was elicited. They said she was
cool. F. W. Herford, the driver, met C.
Continued From Page One.
tended something in the way of territorial
gain was due to the : fact - that German
capitalists, /were r'i acquiring, -lands ; sur
rounding .- the harbor; where • the German
cruiser * afterward ] came to make - sound-*
ings."- ' • . ¦:- -<':':,:¦.:¦¦-¦¦¦ .\->?:.-jv?
\NEW -YORK, June 7.— The' injunction
proceedings \ brought , : by , George D. ; Mum
ford " and St. . George L. Fox Hltt, who
claim C to be < the ¦ owners of the Ecuador
Development Company, ;¦ to • restrain the
Ecuadorian Association ' (limited), . which,
it vis alleged, wrongfully obtained posses
sion ; of a , majority i of , the 1 stock . of . the
equipment company, from > issuing deben
ture : bonds • in the ; sum of £1,000,000, have
been discontinued. .' '..: • .
An Injunction Abandoned.
LONDON. June' 8.— The Dally Express
publishes the ¦ following ' dispatch ¦ from
Vienna:- : a- band' of brigands' held ? up, a
mall coacli ;'near Retsag., •„ Hungary,
strangled the driver,, maimed the guards,
ransacked the mall bags and escaped with
plunder valued at £5000. . T - .
Guards Are Maimed by the Bandits
- and Twenty-Five^ Thousand
. - ' Dollars Stolen.
HITNGARIAN BRIGANDS,
STRANGLE j COACH DRIVER
OPELOUSAS.Ala., June 7.— A tornado
passed across the northwestern corner of
this . town at 4:15 o'clock • to-day and al
most completely demolished the extensive
buildings of the Saint Landry Cotton Oil
Mill, killed a white boy aged 14 years and
seriously -injured John \ Zoder, , a young
white man, both of whom were • employed
in the mill; completely demolished the
residences of W. B. Lewis, William C.
Lewis and Steven Melance and damaged a
portion of the office building of the Opel
ousas Ice , and' Bottling 'Works. The path
cf the cyclone was 400 yards wide.-
ings Are Demolished in
Alabama.
Boy Is Killed and a Number of Build-
SMALIi TORNADO RIPS
- THE EDGE OFF A TOWN
Vickers* Sons & Maxim, who allowed
the Bethlehem Company to slip frohi
their hands because of a difference of 60
cents a share. .made an effort on Thurs
day night to buy it from Mr. Schwab. It
is said that their representative went to
him at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York
and offered a price which would have
netted him a profit of 52,000,000, but which
he declined to accept.
PHILADELPHIA.. June 7.— The North
American to-morrow will say: It Is au
thoritatively • stated that Charles M.
Schwab is the real purchaser of the Beth
lthem Steel Company, and that the
United States Steel Corporation, of which
he is president, has no part in the deal.
Schwab Is understood to have bought the
property to protect his own Interests. The
deal ¦ was closed Thursday afternoon,
v.-hen Schwab, through a representative,
bought 80.000 shares -of Bethlehem from
Joseph Wharton and 60.000 shares from
Robert P. Llnderman. This, with 20,000
shares boueht in the open market, gave
him 160,000 out of 300,000 shares into which
the capital stock of the Bethlehem Steel
Company is divided. It was agreed that
he should take the remaining stock on
the same terms upon which the got the
Wharton and Linderman holdings.
It Is known that the price paid Is $24 50
a share, but- that the sellers got some
thing additional' in' the shape of a divl
d«-rd to be divided prior to transferring
their stock.
tect His Interests.
Control of tlie Company to Pro-
SCHWAB THE PURCHASER
OF BETHLEHEM STOCK
Steel Corporation President Buys
THE WOMAN ON TRIAL FOR
MURDER AND THE HUS
BAND SHE KILLED...
Kills -Woman and Ends His Life.
; ROCKFORD, 111., June 7.— Nels Nelson,
a" farmhand .working | near | Kingston, | en
raged -by the refusal of Mrs. John LedJg,
a wealthy widow, to become his wife, shot
and instantly killed -her. and seriously in
jured her. sister, Mrs. Peter Wing. .When
closely pressed . by ; citizens who pursued
him - Nelson committed' suicide. ' -
Young to Relieve Shafter.
..WASHINGTON, ¦.June -7.— Major Gen
eral. S., B. . M. Young, f who Is now In .this
city, will- assume command of the De
partmentr of ?• Calif ornia" on i the 30th " In
stant; relieving Major .General Shafter,
whose :. commission ;' as .major general of
volunteers :wlll; expire, on; that date.'' z ¦'
American Association Believes It Is
I» Necessary for Discipline, Moi> -
:'. ' ality and Sanitation.
• ST. PAUL, June 7.— By unanimous vote,
although with small attendance, the
American Medical Association this after
noon adopted the , resolution asking for
tho re-establlshment of the army post
canteen. The resolution adopted. is as fol
lows ; , * ¦ '
" "Resolved, • That this body deplores the
action of Congress in abolishing the army
post exchange or canteen, and in the In
terest of discipline, morality and sanita
tion recommends Its re-establlshment at
the earliest possible date." •- ¦ . - •
,-The general sessions of the' association
came. to an end to-day. .To-night at- 10
o'clock a special on the Northern Pacific
carried 250 of the doctors and their wives
on a trip through Yellowstone Park. The
party will - reach /' the Mammoth Hot
Springs at noon Sunday. , . y.
Disastrous Blaze Destroys Houses.
LEXINGTON,, Ky., June ' 7.— The . Otis
cooper - shop ; was burned this afternoon
and the firo communicated to other build
ings so rapidly , that it , waa feared for
some time that the ¦ city would-be laid
in ashes. The fire was beyond control
from 2 to 4 p. m. . Twenty-three houses,
mostly tenements, were destroyed with
their contents. / Loss, « $80,000.
MEDICAL MEN APPEAL
* FOR THE ARMY CANTEEN
¦ ¦ Water- Basins. -, ¦ • ,
. WASHINGTON, -June 7.— The naval
board appointed under the terms of an
a;ct of Congress to examine into the ad
vantages of Lakes Union and Washing
ton, in the State of Washington, near
Seattle, as fresh water basins for laying
up naval. vessels, has made an adverse re
port upon the proposition. . The majority,
composed of Captain Thomas Perry,
senior member; Lieutenant Commanders
G. H. Peters and G. "W. Willlts and En
sign J. W. Ensign, recorder.^ find In sub
stance, after careful examination that,
having in view the best interest and wel
fare of the navy, a fresh water basin in
-this location, separated by some distance
from the naval station on Puget Sound,
would be very expensive to maintain, and
In the end one or the other would have to
be abandoned.
¦ The minority of the board, composed
of Captain W. B. Burrellland Naval Con
structor Frank H. Hibbs, make a" strong
plea in favor of the proposed naval basin
and discuss at some length the engineer
ing work which would be required to car
ry out the project.
Naval Board Benders Adverse Report
on Proposition for Fresh
OBJECTIONS OFFERED
TO T.ATTrTS FOR WABSHIPS
At the time of* his death Hugh Tevls
was not engaged in any business. He was
formerly, a member' of the firm of Co
burn, Tevis & Co., but some little while
ago sold out his Interest to the Whittlers
and did not subsequently, engage in : any
business. At the time of his marriage,
besides the elegant home he was having
Hugh Tevis was the second'' son of Mr.
and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis and brother of Dr
Harry Tevis, Will Tevis, Mrs. Frederick
Sharon and Mrs. Gordon Blanding. /Mr
Tevis was twice married. The first Mrs
Tevis was a daughter of the late Judge
Boalt. After a few years of happy mar
ried life the young wife died, leaving her
husband a daughter, Alice Tevis, who Is
now 8 years old.
Was Twice Married.
From -San Jose Mr. and Mrs. Tevis
went to Del Monte, so as to be near the
magnificent new home -Mr. Tevis was
having built and which he intended as a
home for his bride. Suddenly both Mr.
and Mrs. Tevis became possessed with
the idea that they must have a Japanese
room and garden in.their Monterey home.
With this end In view they decided upon
the ¦ trip to the ¦ Orient which has ter
minated so fatally for one of them.
On the 10th of April Hugh Tevls and
Miss Cornelia Baxter were married. It
was first intended that the ceremony take
place at the Tevis home on- Taylor street,
but, owing to the delicate state of Mrs.
Lloyd Tevis' health, it was feared that
the excitement might prove too much for
her and so it was finally arranged that
the wedding be celebrated at the Palace
Hotel, in the apartments of Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Baxter, the parents of the
beautiful young bride. Although there
were not more than a dozen people at
the ceremony, and those the immediate
relatives of the contracting parties, as
much attention was paid to the details
of the wedding as though all the many
friends of the happy couple were to have
been present. Dr. Harry Tevls person
ally superintended the decorations of the
apartments where the solemn words
were spoken. Thousands of gorgeous
American Beauty roses were used i in
making the room beautiful. The bride's
gown was one of the most magnificent
creations ever seen m this city. Dr. Foute
of Grace Church performed the ceremony
and after -the company had pledged the
health of the newly wedded couple bride
and groom left on a special for ¦ San
Jose, where the first few days of the
honeymoon were spent.
Hugh Tevis' death is the tragic ending
of a romance filled with exciting incidents.
A little over two months ago he met the
lady who to-day mourns him/ - Her won
drous beauty at once captivated the mil
lionaire and three weeks after he met her
he held her promise to wed. in spite of
lhe fact that she was engaged to another
man. Tevis was madly in love with the
girl he wooed and won so quickly. The
few Ehort weeks of the enjoyment were
spent continually at her side. He kept
her rooms at the Palace- Hotel filled with
the choicest flowers. He went" calling
with her upon his most intimate friends -
friends that make up the .exclusive circle
of his mother, and to all he told of his
great and wondrous happiness.
Cause of Death Unknown.
Pending the receipt of particulars It
cannot be conjectured with anything like
certainty in what manner the final sum
mons came. It was rumored " yesterday
that deceased had a weak heart and that
the cause of death was probably heart
failure. Members of the family, however,
deny that Mr. Tevls was ever in any way
troubled with any organic disease, and
are inclined to believe that cholera was
the cause of his untimely end. Several
years ago, when Hugh Tevls made a tour
of the Orient, he was stricken with chol
era and ever since, it Is said, he showed
predisposition to contract maladies of
that nature.
Hugh Tevis was no more and- that his
widow would leave for San Francisco on
June 29. .
When the message came Mrs. Lloyd
Tevis was at Del Monte. Early yester
day morning Dr. Tevis chartered a spe
cial train and went down to meet his
mother, who decided. to return immediate
ly to her home in this city. With his
usual gentle consideration for his parent,
Dr. Tevis only showed her the first cable
gram, which told of the dangerous illness
of her son, and not until her arrival at
her home was the sad news made known.
Ten Million Dollars in
Bonds Formally j
Transferred.
LONDON, June 7.— Andrew Carnegie
signed a deed to-day transferring $10,000,
000 in 5 per cent United States Steel Cor-
poratlon bonds to trustees for the benefit
of the universities of Scotland. • The
amount becomes • immediately -available,
next ' installment of interest can be used
for the October ' term. ¦". :^"
The trustees are the" Earls of Elgin and
Rosebery, Lords Balfour of. Burleigh
(Chief Secretary for' Scotland), 'Kelvin
Reay and Klnnear, Sir. Henry Campbell-'
Bannerman, N A. J. Balf our, ; James
Bryce, John- Morley,* Sir Robert , Pul
lar, Sir. Henry E. Roscoe,' Thomas'
Shaw. M. P.;. Richard B. ttaldane, M.
P.; the Lords Provost of Edinburgh ¦ and
Glasgow, the Provost of Dunfermllne and
one trustee each from the Scottish uni
versities. • '¦: ¦-•¦ •¦ ¦¦ . :'.*':•: ••-• . ; :
. The deed * contains a preamble • saying
"that Carnegie, having retired from active
business, deems it to be his duty and one
of his highest privileges to administer the
wealth which has come to him as a trust
In; behalf of others, entertaining- the con
fident belief that one of .the best means
¦of .'discharging : that trust is • providing ,
funds for spreading and improving the i
opportunities for scientific research of the
universities of Scotland.'hls native land,
and by rendering the attendance easier. >
A constitution, as.it is' called; is W at
tached to th«$ deed, directing , that half
the income- be devoted • to Increasing .the
facilities for the • study of j science, medi
cine, modern languages, history and Eng
lish literature. The other half is to pay
fees . and • assist students 'In other / ways,
regardless of sex, and in aid of prepara
tory schools,.* evening classes and : otter
means. of education outside the universi
ties.- ¦-- • .-.' . . : -. ''¦;::¦¦.' ...¦•¦ ¦¦'-,¦¦ -.
i ."The details of Carnegie's project arelre
ceiyed •with universal • 'approval. : ¦ • "The
name r of. Carnegie,".-, says rthe:*- Morning
Post, "should • be : regarded " with • profound
esteem, which in time doubtless will be
come veneration,, by' the country he has
so widely^ and \ nobly; endowed." -: ",
W. Prince, her father, at the door of the
Ridge building, where the murder took
place, and he appeared excited.
Leon Winters testified to having seen
Bert Prince, one of the prisoner's broth
ers, In the building neftr Kennedy's of
fice soon after the shooting.
Miss Bert C. Litchfleld testified to talk-,
ing with Bert Prince near the scene a
few minutes after the murder. •
"Did he say anything about the shoot
ing?" asked Prosecutor Hadley.
"Yes," replied the witness.
The defense objected to the witness re
peating Prince's conversation, and the ob
jection was sustained.
Dr. R. ' O. Cross testified to Mrs. Ken
nedy visiting his office in October last,
two months before her marriage with
Kennedy. She' had said her name was
Mrs. Case Patten and that her husband
was a professional baseball player. She
had been recently married to Patten, she
told witness, but did not want the fact
made known, as Patten might lose his
position on the ball team. She stated she
was in a delicate condition, but he. could
not tell positively if this, were a fact and
did not prescribe for her. She came twice
again and asked him for treatment for
her condition, which he refused.
Dr. Cross then told of her calling, on
him a. fourth time, on January 10; the day
of the murder, when she told him that
she was not Mrs. Patten, but she was
Mrs. Kennedy. She asked him to go to
Kennedy and tell him she was still in the
"same condition." She said that Kennedy
SCOTS RECIVE
CARNEGIE GIFT
Morocco's Sultan Sends
- Gifts to Britain's '
Sovereign.
' When : the deputation was officially \ re
ceived at the Portsmouth pier by Admiral
Aldrich i and General Sir . Baker Russell,
the reception .was abruptly suspended to
allow ¦ the ladles> closely .'.veiled,; to pass
down the ¦ gangplank to the sumptuous,
special train, all Europeans being obliged
to retire meanwhile. ...-¦. i .¦••-.-.
During vthe drive In royal carriages
from Victoria station, this city, the ladies
were also carefully, secluded, the carriage
attendants and others turning their backs
while the ladies entered • and left their ve
hicles. . ¦' -¦¦•.•¦• ¦.'••¦¦ v ••.¦:¦¦¦ : .. - ¦: ¦• .•»¦¦;¦
¦ The Embassador; of .Morocco brings
King Edward two irare Atlas Mountain
sheep, -twenty Arab horses .-. and twenty
mules. " The ; official reception .will take
place Monday. . • : -. y ,. , .¦¦¦. ... : : .
LONDON, June 7.— A ; special embassy
from. the. Sultan of Morocco bearing con
gratulations to I King Edward on his ac
cession to \the throne created . consider
able excitement on Its arrival here. : The
embassy, which Is ¦ headed by ; Kaid El
Mohedr El- Menebehi, Minister of War,
numbers twenty-nine persons, .Including
the Embassador's two. wives.- , \ •
GERMAN ACTION
IS SUSPICIOUS
intended to bring suit to have their mar- m _^^^^ p^
riage set aside. -¦-»'¦..• »^^^^
"The papers will- be i served to-night,", %
she had said, "and my father will make
me fight the annulment proceedings and
everything will come out." , . '
Dr. Cross went to Kennedy's,, office and •!• — — ; — '¦ ! ' -»J>
delivered his message. Mrs. Kennedy fol- .
lowed the doctor closely, and before the THE WOMAN ON TRIAL FOR
latter had time to . turn away she had n>rrrD™?r> a-kt-i-. mtTr „..„
asked Kennedy if he intended to live with ,. MURDER AND THE HUS
her, receiving a negative answer; and . BAND SHE KILLED.,
began firing at him. -¦ .
William Shaw, at whose house Case 4* — ¦ — '¦ ; — ¦ — — — - •*
Patten had boarded, told of the ball play- • • . . • ,
er and Mrs. Kennedy, being in each oth- ten had taken her ring to Westport N.
er's company a great deal between July Y. : Later she said she had gone to New
and October, 1900, and Mrs. Kennedy's York and got the ring,
calling at the house frequently to find The city physician described the wounds
Patten. , , ' ,„ " on Kennedy's Dody-and the manner of his
City Detective O'Hare testified that death: During the recital of this testl-
Mrs. Kennedy had come to the police sta- : mony Mrs. Kennedy • constantly kept her
tion in October and complained that Pat- face covered and cried. . , • •¦
Cruiser's Presence Off
"Venezuela Not All
Explained.
LONDON, June, 7.— Whatever- designs;
Germany' may i have toward - possessing
the island of Margarita, Venezuela, the
matter has not , reached that diplomatic
stage where the United States Govern
ment could take official note of It.. Former
United States Minister: Loomis,. who re
cently arrived "here, said to-night: ' ...
"It is no unusual thing to see foreign
warships taking soundings along V the
coasts. So far as I can learn the German
cruiser -Vlnetta was simply doing in the
harbor of the island of Margarita .what
the British and American ships have done
elsewhere in the iwaters of other South;
American countries. 'While it is. true that
the harbor of • Juan Griego "¦- would" offer
splendid facilities for ; any of ' the ; Euro
pean powers as a coaling station;«espe
cially if the isthmus were cut through, I
do. not think there was any- ultimate pur
pose of the kind when. the Vinetta made
her soundings. : - •.:¦'¦ y »••¦ •¦ . ¦?-¦.".
v "When the subject: was first mentioned
last fall .it provoked . considerable Indig
nation ; among S the more bellicose " papers
in Venezuela; but 'as, nothing, appeared to
I come out of it the matter died a' natural
death. >; Within' the last two months the
question. has been rwived,- but it does not
attract % the same attention , in j Venezuela
as^ it appears to , have done In America.
Officially ,1 know nothing about it beyond
what I ¦ saw . in - the : papers, according, to
which it ' appears : that * the German . Gov
ernment r has ; offered a; disclaimer -'to
Washington '¦ against the ;• imputation that
territorial. aggrandizement is . intended." •
"C.'Is . German : influence . of ¦ any , great : mo-'
ment in,. Venezuela?", was asked. ' .--••:¦-;
'^Numerically, ¦ no; but financially, yes,"
LoomiSianswered.,.;"The"number; of ; Ger
man residents ; is small. -As, they ; mostly
retain -German; citizenship they -can hard
ly .be properly i considered 'a factor in the
domestic ; policies of . the country, but , their
Importance '•! Is ' out of - all ', proportion Li to
their- numbers when their/ financial posi
tion is considered.- For instances the first
grounds ? of .:• suspicion 5 that 5 Germany ,* in- ,
It is recalled by those who search for
ill omens in such cases that the great
wedding cake prepared with all the skill
of the confectioner's art came to grief at
the Palace Hotel. A waiter who was car
rying it stumbled and the cake was
dashed to the floor. Its elaborate figures
in frosting were sadly marred. Hasty re
pairs were made by the hotel confection
ers, but the beauty of the cake was
spoiled.
Messages of condolence kept pouring
in at the Tevis home all day, but the
family : denied themselves to all callers.
Out of respect to the memory of Hugh
Tevls the flag of the University Club has
been flown at half-mast.
The news of Hugh Tevis' death was a
terrible shock to his family and friends.
His mother is completely prostrated by
the blow and so are his brother Harry
and hfs sister, Mrs. Gordon Blanding,
who ar,e with her. Will Tevls is in New
York and Mrs. Frederick Sharon in Paris,
where she has made ' her home for many
years.
constructed at Monterey and which, it is
said, he has deeded to his wife, he had a
fine city residence and an elegant place
at Bakersfleld.
Storm Prevents Passion Play.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 7.— The pre
sentation of the "Passion Play" by the
Indians at Chilllwack has been postponed
until to-morrow on account of a heavy
rainstorm.
SAN JOSE, June 7.— Charles von Lon»
was instantly killed yesterday while fell
ing trees at Miracle's mill, In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. A large limb fell and
struck him on the head, crushing his
skull. He was 26 years of age.
Killed by a Palling Tree.
LOS ANGELES. June 7.— Unitarian
women from all parts of the State were
present to-day at the annual convention
of the Women's Alliances of the Pacific
Coast. The election of officers resulted
as follows: President, Miss Elizabeth B.
Easton of San Francisco; first vice presi
dent. Mrs. Horace Davis of San Fran
cisco; second vice president, Mrs. Thom
as L. Eliot of Portland. Or. ; third vice
president, Dr. Mariette Marsh of Seattle;
recording secretary, Mrs. E. F. Dinsmore,
825 Capp street, San Francisco; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. F. N. Fletcher
of Berkeley: treasurer, Mrs. William H.
Baurhyte of Alameda. .; . .::¦ •
Unitarian Women Elect Officers.
LONDON, June 7.— -The English censor
of plays has forbidden the production of
"The First Visit," an English version of
the younger Dumas' "Une Visite de No
ces," in which the American actress Bev
erly Silgreaves was to have played the
leading role, beginning at the Garrick
Theater .Wednesday next. ¦;'.¦- j '
Play Forbidden by Censor.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Commissioner
of Internal Revenue Yerkes has ruled
that under the revenue reduction act of
March 2, 1901, which will go into effect
July 1, the bonds of contractors for Gov
ernment work will not be required to be
stamped.
Will Not Bequire Stamps.
Mrs. Lulu Prince Kennedy Keeps Her Face Covered in Court and Cries as
the Prosecution Presents Ali the Damaging Evidence Relating to the
Shooting of the Victim of Her Wrath—Insanity Plea Is Combated
MANILA, June 7.— Senor Dancel, the
representative of the Federal party, who
has been trying to induce General CaJHes
to surrender, returned from Laguna prov
ince to-day. He has been talking with
the rebel chieftain for eight days. Senor
Dancel brought a long document from
Cailles to General MacArthur, in which he
states the terms on which he will sur
render. The nature of the terms is not
known, but Cailles promises to surrender
if they are acceptable at any time and
place designated by MacArthur.
General Chaffee sailed to-day on the
transport Sumner for Legaspi, province
of Albay. and other ports.
General MacArthur will probably sail
for home in July on the transport Sum
ner, which will be fitted up for his use.
He will return to the United States by
wav of Japan and the Pacific Ocean.
Karl Enkelsjon, the Norwegian arrested
some time ago by secret service officers
on suspicion of being a spy in the employ
of the. Filipino Junta at Hongkong, also
accused of embezzlement, was found
guilty of the latter charge to-day and sen
tenced to four months' imprisonment. The
charge of espionage was not pressed.
TRAGIC ENDING OF HUGH TEVIS' ROMAHTIC MARRIAGE.
Surrendering.
Trying to Make a Bargain Before
CAILLES SUBMITS TERMS.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
•W.. WASHINGTON, June 7.— In order to
establish civil government in the Philip
pines and keep up the fiction of military
government considered necessary to pre^
vent collision with the decisions of the Su
preme Court, the suggestion has been
made that William E. Taft; chairman of
the Philippines Commission, i be given a
commission in the regular army. This
suggestion was advanced at the, meeting
of the Cabinet held to-day, when the
question of establishment of civil govern
ment was thoroughly discussed. If Judge
Taft is given a commission in the army it
would be that of a junior officer, and in
this case he would be ranked by many of
ficers, but it is stated as he is in control,
he would in his civil capacity as Governor
receive all proper recognition.
The question to which special attention
was given, by the Cabinet was:
"How far can the President go in estab
lishing civil government, taking Into con
sideration the Supreme Court decisions
and existing conditions?" •
In some parts of the archipelago mili
tary rule is absolutely essential for the
protection of persons friendly to Ameri
can sovereignty, while .in others peace
prevails and it would be unjust to keep
these districts under a military adminis
tration. It is the desire of the President
to give the Filipinos the largest measure
of self-government consistent with their
capabilities and the situation.
Major General MacArthur, it was again
announced to-day, would be detached
from duty as Governor General of the
Philippines on July 1 and ordered home.
As official statements heretofore made
have indicated that General MacArthur
would only be withdrawn when civil gov
ernment was established, the impression
prevailed at the War Department that
civil government under Secretary Root
would be formally established on that
date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cabinet Considers Plan to
Prevent a Clash "With the
Recent Decisions.
Fiction of a Military
Government for the
Philippines.
JUDG E TAFT MAY
ENTER THE ARMY
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Major G. W.
Ruthers, chief commissary ef the-Depart
ment of Northern "Luzon, ! in' a letter 'to
Commissary General WestOn, dated' April
15, says there are 33S' stations in that-de
partment with about 25,000 troops, and
that the supplying of an army of this size
divided into many stations is much- more
difficult than if it was an army , in one
body. Besides the troops, there were at,
that time several thousand prisoners who'
were being fed by the Government. The
subsistence department,' ¦ he says, -is in
superb condition and many gratifying re
ports are received from all the officers.
General Wheaton has taken occasion sev
eral times to speak in the highest terms
of the commissary department.. '
Major Ruthers devotes considerable
space in his letter to the subject of beef
supply. For the most part the meat ra
tion served the troops is the refrigerated
or frozen beef, although at some of the
interior points where there is neither rail
or water transportation this supply is
necessarily curtailed. He had sent beef
sixty miles into the interior with bull
carts. He noted as a remarkable fact
that this beef was transported through a
country infested with ladrones and small
bands of insurgents, yet the cart drivers
and supplies were not molested. He says
they must have paid toll: to. the' tribal
chiefs, for had the supplies been accom
panied by escorts there would have been
a daily ambush. He says there is need
of, more water transportation, and if he
had it he would use more frozen beef, as
the influence on the sick report Is quite
marked: the more fresh meat used the
better the health of the troops. The na
tive beef, from which the animal" heat is
not entirely departed, is not healthy.
Major Ruthers says the beef stew with
vegetables is the finest component of the
ration ever put into the hands. of troops
and is highly praised by them. He also
says that the standard emergency ration
has given very grood satisfaction. At the
same time, he adds:
"A ration of stew and vegetables, one
pound of hard bread in tin and a tablet of
chocolate. I would put against any so
called emergency ever manufactured, and
it would not cause intestinal irritation, of
which some complaint 's made."
In this connection he mentions the de
mand for sauerkraut. Without abundance
of nutritious food, he said,, the health of
Americans cannot be maintained in the
Luzon climate. The health of Filipinos
living on American food, he says, is much
better than those living on native foods.
Major Ruthers Reports on
Meat -Rations • in the •
Philippines.
Wheaton Compliments
Luzon Food-Supply |
Department.
COMMISSARIES
AWARDED PRAISE
Communication Which. Cubans Pub
lished in Violation of a Confidence.
WASHINGTON, . June 7.-During ;the
conference between Secretary Root and
the Cuban y Commission the Secretary
wrote a letter to Senator Platt of Connec
ticut, ' Who introduced . the Platt amend
ment, asking, for his views relative to in
tervention as mentioned In the third
clause of the amendment. Senator Tlatt
replied, and his. letter was furnished to
the commission confidentially by the Sec
retary of War and was incorporated into
and made a part of the acceptance of the
Platt amendment by the constitutional
convention. The letter, however, appeared
in a Havana paper and to-day, was made
public by the War Department. Follow
ing is the>text of the -letter: • .-¦
' I am. In receipt of your letter of • this date,
in . whjch'. you. say that the members of .' the
commission of -the Cuban constitutional con
vention fear that the .provisions, relative, to in
tervention ¦ In the third clause J of the : amend
ment, which has come to bear; my name, may _
have the 'effect of ', preventing, the'-lndeperrd-'
ence of Cuba, and In reality establish a-pro
tectorate or- suzerainty by ' th« -.United States, !
and you request that I express .my .views o£
the question raised. ¦' >•-;'•; - ¦ •¦ -
In reply, I beg to state that the amendment
was carefully prepared with the I object of
avoiding any possible idea that by the ac
ceptance thereof the constitutional - convention
would thereby establish a protectorate or
suzerainty, or In any manner whatsoever com
promise the independence or sovereignty of
Cuba; and, speaking for myself, it seems Im
possible that such an -Interpretation can be
given to the clause. I believe that the amend
ment should be . considered as a whole, and it
ought to be clear on reading that its well
denned purpose is to secure and safeguard
Cuban independence and " set forth at once a
clear idea of the friendly disposition of the
United States toward the. Cuban people and
the express intention on their part to aid them
If necessary, . in the maintenance of said In
dependence. These are my ideas, and , al
though, as- you say, I cannot speak for the
entire Congress ray belief is that such a pur
pose was well understood by that body. Very
respectfully yours, ' O. H.' PLATT.
CALL BUREAU. 1406. G' STREET. N.
TV., WASHINGTON, June. 7.— Cuba! and
its constitutional convention occupied the
attention of the Cabinet to-day for nearly
two hours. General Wood has been in
structed officially to say to the Cubans
that they cannot proceed to form tbeir
government -until the Platt amendment
has been accepted in letter and spirit.
S The latest telegram from General Wood
had convinced Secretary Root .that the
chances : for acceptance of ! the Platt
amendment without a string ~ tied to it
were not good at this time. A false con
struction'has been put not only on the
conversation of the President and Secre
tary Root with the Cuban delegation, but
on a confidential letter -written by Senator
O. H. Platt. author of the Cuban relations
amendment to the, army bill. This letter,
to the astonishment of the Administra
tion, has been . published in Spanish in
Havana, and made to appear as a justi
fication for the Cuban "version" attached
to the Platt amendment when adopted by
the convention. The outcome of the Cab
inet meeting is thus stated by one of
those present: ..'. <
"We feel that it will be some time be
fore the Cubans accept the Platt amend
ment. The determination is that .the
amendment shall be accepted before the
Cubans are allowed -to establish their own
government. It is very, much our affair,
and yet the Cubans are ¦ the ones who are
the losers. They are. losing just so much
time in getting their government going-
We. on the other hand, .will continue mil
itary occupation ! and • control as . at pres
ent.- There are no indications of a change
of policy here, and I am glad to say. that
there are no signs of trouble in Cuba. . In
time the Platt amendment will be adopt
ed, but perhaps not very soon."/
After the Cabinet meeting General
Wood was again informed by Secretary
Root that there were no new instruc
tions, and that the administration would
insist upon the adoption * of the Platt
amendment as prerequisite to the forma
tion of a government, without any
."understandings". teeing attached thereto.
SENATOR FLATT'S LETTEB.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"OBEY ORDERS!"
SAYS UNCLE SAM
Administration Gives Its
Ultimatum to the
No New Government Until
Platt Amendment Is
Accepted.
Watson was one of the early settlers In
this county, having come in the fifties. He
was a native of England. He leaves
three married daughters and two sons,
who will inherit his large estate.
Henry Vogt. the other partner, took no
part in the affair. He was at home, only
a short distance from the scene of th©
tragedy, but his wife held him and would
not let him so.
After the kllllnsr Wisenberger mounted
his horse and rode to Susanville to givo
himself, up. Wisenberger has been re
garded as a good-natured and mild-man
nered man, whose threats directed at a
partner were not to be taken seriously.
George Watson, the dead nnan's eldest
ton, has acted as peacemaker In the quar
rels between the partners. Yesterday he
took the shells out of Wisenberger's gun.
and he always stopped his father when.
the latter attempted to go out to cut the
ditch. It was during his absence that tha
trouble that terminated fatally arose.
SUSANVILLE, June 7.— Pending the r*.
suit of the Coroner's inquest. Benedick
Wlsenberger is held in the Lassen County
Jail for the killing of Thomas "Watson,
with the likelihood that he will have to
face a murder charge. Details of the kill
ing received here to-day make it appear
that it occurred Curing a duel between
the two men, Watson having a rifle and
Wisenberger a shotgun. Wisenberger
claims he did not fire until "Watson had
twice shot at him. The . victim of the
tragedy was 72 years* of age and. in feeble
health. He was one of the richest men in
Lassen County, owning much land and
great herds of cattle.
Wisenberger. Watson and Henry Vogt
were partners in a mining claim situated
on Watson's land. They had a written
contract by which water was to be used
fcfr the mine before Watson could use it
for irrigation, only the waste water being
utilized for the latter purpose. • Watson of
late objected to the terms of this agree
ment and the partners quarreled fre
quently. On Sunday Watson ordered
Wisenberger out of the cabin on his land.
Watson, carrying a spade and a rifle
and accompanied by his son Frank. 17
years of age, went yesterday to the ditch
that conveys the water. Seeing that he
intende<l to cut off the water from the
mine and turn it upon his land, W?sen
berger followed rnd warned him to de
sist. Wisenberger claims Watson fired at
him twice, but missed. Then Wisenber
erer shot and killed Watson. When Frank
Watson saw his father fall he became
frantic and fired at Wisenberger three
times without effect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Slayer of the Wealthy Lassen
County Rancher Alleges
. Self-Defense.
Killing of Thomas Wat
; .son Ends a Series
. of Quarrels.
PARTNERS MEET
IN FATAL DUEL
WOMAN WEEPS WHILE WITNESSES I
TELL HOW SHE KILLED HER HUSBAND
THE SAN JFKANCISCO- CALL;' SA1UKUAY, JU^V »,' 1901
2
TWENTY MULES
FOR THE KING
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Loss of Vitality
That is what makes so many
people feel "half dead," espe-
cially in warm weather.
Poor appetite, unrefreshing
sleep, easy physical or mental ex-
haustion, paleness, nervousness
and that tired feeling are com-
mon indications of this loss,
which may sooner or later result
in prostrating sickness.
A general tonic is needed.
Many have been cured by Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. which has a peculiar restorative effect on
the whole system. - Mary Dllringer. Everett.
Ohio, writes: "l.was nervous, weak and worn
out. My appetite was poor and I had a tired
feelinff all the time. Hood's Sarsaparllla was
recommended to me, and when I had taken tt
a while -all the bad symptoms disappeared and
I 'felt like a new person.".
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Promises to cure and keeps the
promise. Don't wait till you are
worse — buy Hood's to-day.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. '
Catalogues and Price" Lists Mallal
on Application.
.COAL, COKE A>O PIQ IRO*.
jew ILSON t' CO *? **»««» stw«.
COPPERSMITH.
DW. SMITH lvl p S^Mn* Steamboat aa«
V- IT • call 1 lit Ship Work a specialty If and
, IS Washington st. , Telephone Mate tUX. 4 ', «
v FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
J1S. ROYES & Cft "»«PP«W Bntcaert. 1M
- OILS. . <;
1-UBRICATOIO OILS. ¦ LEONARD *
: f - : Oi Front rt.. B. F. Phoa« Mala jm. ,
l*- \r 11UU11E3, Baaaon»«t!r «.'#./.' \ ¦ \ - ' ¦ ;
THE' FTVE-YEAR-OLD BOY WHO,
HAD A MIRACULOUS ESCAPE
FROM DEATH. • '
MONTEREY. June 7.— The midnight sa
loon closing- ordinance/ which- has : been~
in effect In . this: city for the past six
months, was- repealed ;last night by -the
City CounciL , - ;•
All-Night Saloons Permitted.
DUNSMUIR, June 7.— Dr. C. I* Gregory
of Tocha, who was appointed by State
Health Officer Nutting to investigate sup
posed smallpox . cases here, has reported
that there is no smallpox in Dunsmuir.
No Smallpox in Dunsmuir.
CHICAGO, June 7.— Chief Justice Mel
ville Fuller of the United States Supreme
Court arrived in Chicago ' to-day from
Washington. He declined to discuss for
publication any « of the . national affairs
now " occupying public attention. "
Chief Justice Fuller in Chicago.
on "June ' 1' of * four I unknowri men ' In - the
River at Five^Finger Rapids.' -iThe
men .were trying to steer through the cen
,ter. of 'the t current; { but ! struck t a> rock • in
the low i,water , and were precipitated Into
; the driver. ..They^.were -carried 'under by
the back wash, and "were all lost.- ;.¦¦'.
Four Men Drowned.
VANCOUVER, B. - June , .7.— The
steamer /Amur .V arrived .to-night -from
Skaguay ,' bringing ' news • of : the • drowning
of 80 years cuttings her third set of i teeth.
During the last ; few < months the ¦ old lady
discovered that someunew. teeth .were com
ing through the gums and she was forced
to . call upon a local : : dentist < to pull * out'
the ' ; old teeth to •: make ¦ room for.'- the
new; ..fef. which she has a goodly number,
with more coming. -.Mrs. -Woods has chil
dren, grandchildren' and great-grandchil
dren, all proud of her new. teeth. . ; . »j .
Aged Mrs. Woods • of Vallejo "Is
Equipped With a ; New Masti
catory Outfit. /<
VALLEJO, June J.— Mrs. Woods, widow
of the late Thomas WoodsMs atthe.age
'I'HTH.T> " SET OS* TEETH • - *
¦'Vv ;> A FOR AN OCTOGENARIAN
Redwood dty : Graduates." "--."
; RED WOOD 'CITY, June* 7.— The gradual
tlon 'exercises '¦; of • the ' class' of 1901 of .the
Sequoia*'.Uni6h High School took > place In
the assembly hall of the High School "this
evening before a large audience. , Diplomas
1 were presented .by 3 Hon.; George C.- Ross,
president of the Board ; of Trustees. . to the
following: Olive : R. Christ, HilmaJ.
Kronqulst, 1 Martha D. Kuck,. Aurora . M.
Peterson, ., Hattie N. ' Nobs/ Frederick .W."
Nobs, Eva A: Rockwell; Elliott E. Selzer
and . Charles M. 7 Taylor.'; * Last > night the
senior! class farce, ¦"Hamlet Up to Date,",
was . presented in ¦¦ the assembly - hall ¦» and
.was-. : enthusiastically received by ¦ a
crowded ¦. house.
Crazed Redlands Young Man '; Cap
tured ,by. Searching Party After
Sharp Resistance, y
SAN BERNARDINO, , June '¦ 7.— Frank
Satello/a well known young man of Red
lands, was found . In the San Bernardino
mountains', to-day in t a nude and ; almost
starved condition by ' a" searching party
that had been hunting for him for a week.
Satello had been drinking to excess and
his mind became unbalanced. He wander
ed away • eight days ago. When
to-day his body was blistered by the hot
sun and scarred by contact with the.brush
covering the * mountain : ; side. ¦ Constable
Koehler found it necessary to handcuff the
unfortunate ,= man £ before rthe j. searchers
could subdue him. Satello had been living
on wild berries in the mountains for.sev-,
eral days. , - •- - .' -' , .
WANDERS: UNCLAD IN
MOUNTAIN WILDERNESS
ST, HELENA. ,Jurie : 7.— The closing ex
ercises of the. St.','- Helena" -Union:- High
School were . held In ".Turner Hall 3 last
evening: :> The graduates \ are: ; ' Ethel
Angwin. Henry .Gutzwiller, Anna "Gutz
willer, Rita Hampton, Mark Mitchell; Eva
McCurdy.; Paul Osborne,". Maryj Salmina:
Rabbi Voorsanger of San Francisco deliv
ered. a lecture on J "How to I Be Useful.",
The . closing : exercises :; of .': the fi grammar
school were' held 1 , the;. first of ;the >woek.
One'of the graduates,: Rosa : Margaret
Hager, received . the highest : standing of
any pupil ; ever graduating from " a public
school :< irt 1 : this " county— 100 : r" per A cent
being ' perfect in ¦ the fifteen <' studies com
prising ¦ the , eighth and ninth years'; work.
.;-,;-, r •:¦.-:-> .,.....-; -p-''''""-'^:-J-'- ."¦" '¦ '>"'.''!¦
SACRAMENTO. June 7.— To-morrow
the.penalty of $500 will lie "against all for
eign corporation's failing to comply with
the requirements - of £ the recent j act re
lating- to the manner of filing, their arti
cles of .incorporation -with the Secretary
of State. Many of t these corporations are
complying with the law. ...Yesterday 'the
receipts of the office of Secretary of State
Curry from fees- for new v Incorporations
reached $4000. Most of- these are oil land
companies. The receipts of the office for
May this year were * $15,098. as » against
$3673 for May. of last year. - The deputies
are obliged to work far; into the night to
keep abreast of .the, Increased business.
j. Pupil Wins 'High Honor. :
Into the Thousands of
v Dollars.
INCORPORATION '¦'. PAPERS
SWAMP SECRETARY CTTRB-Y
Tees Accruing to the State Reach Far
Washington— Renewal— Martin O. Hol
ston, ¦ Spokane. ,$6. Increase— Michael
Anderson, Bossburg. $10; James N. Still
well, Olympla, - $8; William T. Willis, . Se
attle, $10. Reissue— George W. France,
Hoquiam, $8. Original widows— Fannie Q.
Freeburger, Montesano, $S. \\ ¦•¦- . >.. ,;
In army orders First Lieutenant Henry
S. Greenleaf, assistant surgeon, now In
Philippines, Is directed to proceed to Al
catraz Island, California, for duty. '¦¦ .
These pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia -- Original — Thomas Chambers,
Hanford. $8. Increase— Tandy C Chiles,
Los Angeles, $8: William Burnett. Val
lejo, $8. Original widows— Marie Werner,
Dimond, $8; Eliza E. Taylor, Vallejo, $3.
Oregon— Original widows— Emily L.
Johnson, Portland, $8; minor of William
H. Conner, Portland, • $14. . •.. --¦ ¦
Postoflices established— California— Cor
coran, Kings County, Hopkins T. Shirley,
postmaster. • Postmasters commissioned—
California— Daniel S. Compton. Pleasant
Grove: Mary H. Harris. Natlvldad. Ap
pointed—Oregon—A. H. ' Henson, Gales
ville, Douglass County, vice, Grant Lev
ens, resigned; Sarah . Schloeman, Oak
Creek, Douglass County, vice August
Schloieman, resigned. Washington— C- L.
Barnet. Yakima, Yaklma County, vice C*
H. Barlett, resigned. ,,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June.7.-The
Postoffice Department to-day Issued the
following: .¦ . • - ' '¦'
partment and Pensions Issued.
Changes Made by.. the Postofflce De-
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
"Mrs. McKinley is now resting com
fortably. Her condition. shows no change
as compared with the situation announced
in this morning's bulletin. She pas not
lost any ground, nor, on the other hand,
has there been any perceptible improve
ment. She is just the same as when we
saw her this mcgnlng."
Dr. Rixey, when asked regarding the
result of the microscopic examination of*
the patient's blood, said he had nothing
to say on the subject, and that " if any
thing was given out It would.be after a
consultation of the three physicians. He
said there had been no unfavorable devel
opments during the day. Some apprehen
sion has been felt as to the possible un
favorable effect of the warm weather, but
a heavy rain fell to-day- and' brought
lower temperature, and much satisfaction
was expressed at the White House at the
temporary- relief.. Mrs. • McKinley • or
dinarily suffers little from the heat of the
summer at Washington, but the possible
effect of it at this time, in /view of her low
vitality and the necessity for guarding
against anything in the nature of a sink
ing spell or a drain upon her strength,
caused some anxiety.
The complaint from which Mrs. McKln
lej suffered" in San Francisco is not en
tirely checked, but it is said to be under
better control. Despite some reports" to
the contrary, It is stated emphatically at
the White House that Mrs. McKinley has
not grown any worse. The President saw
no callers this evening. At 4 o'clock this
afternoon : he went out unaccompanied on.
the customary drive, but returned sud
denly after being out less than twenty
minutes. .••..:. .
Dr. Rixey at 10:30 o'clock to-night made
this statement as he left the "White
House:
The examination of Mrs. McKinley's
blooil, which has been made under the di
rection of the attending physicians,
showed no negative results, tthere- being
no evidence of blood poison. This is only
one of various examinations that are be
ing made by the physicians to determine
the character of the, illness of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley. The blood was taken from her
arm last Tuesday. -
"Mrs: McKinley's physicians state that
her condition" is about the same as/e
ported yesterday. There has been no ma
terial change in the past twenty-four
hours."
WASHINGTON. June 7.-Mrs. McKin
ley's physicians were in consultation over
an hour this forenoon and at 11:45 o'clock
the following statement .was issued:
Condition of President's
Wife Remains Un
changed. •
TWO OF THE ATTORNEYS WHO ARE CONDUCTING. THE INVESTIGA
TION INTO THE LYNCHING OF CALVIN HALL, HIS THREE SONS
AND DANIEL YANTIS IN MODOC COUNTY.
more available they have both been ap
pointed assistance to District Attorney
Bonner. and the three men have been ,in
oonsu'tation several times while prepar
ing th«» <-ase for the Grand Jury. They
are examining the witnesses and are di
recting the work of Sheriffs and Con
stables, but they seem no nearer the men
who did the lynching than the morning
•when the five bodies were found hangins
to the liridg-e at Lookout.
The work of the investigation will be
prosecuted with the utmost vigor, but it
Under the circumstances great results,
or even any, great or small, are not ex-
will probably lead to nothing. Several
witnesses were examined to-day, but
from their testimony it is not likely that
even enough for a theory will be obtained
from the whole number. Every one is will
ing to swear under any number of oaths
that he knows nothing of the affair, that
he knows of/no one who could by any
possibility have knowledge of it or be in
any way connected with it or was any
where in the vicinity when It occurred.
DOCTORS NOTE
NO IMPROVEMENT
pected. The ofliccrs-«Cre getting absolute
ly no help from the people of the county,
for no one will admit knowledge of the
lynching. The County is devoted to
a policy of ignorance and silence and it
wyi take more than a lawyer's cross-ex
amination and the inquisition of the
Grand Jury to break it.
DROWNED IN ATTEMPT :
TO RESCUE BROTHER
Body of a Second Larsson Boy, Found
in a Pond Near Wood- : ; ' : *¦
S '-land. Vy**-
WOODLAND, June 7.— The dispatch In
The Call to-day announcing the drowning
of Nels. A. Larsson, the 12-year-old .son J
of Mr. and Mrs. Eric Larsson, gave , In
formation of but half of the great afflic
tion that has fallen upon the family. At
the time It was sent another son, Myron
E. Larsson, 9 -years of age. was missing,
but as his clothing was "not found on the
bank of the pond and a rumor was cur
rent that a boy had been seen running
away from the -pond, the generally ac
cepted theory was that he had witnessed
the drowning of his brother and that the
tragic event had so frightened him that
he had run away and was in hiding-.*
One of the searching parties concluded
last night tn sound the pond. The water
is very shallow except in one small spot,
where there is a hole six feet deep. In
this hole the body was located and when
it was brought to the surface it was dis
covered that it was fully clothed.
On the pond was floating an improvised
raft, evidently made by the two boys It
was constructed by nailing some fence
boards to two posts. The theory is that
the youngest. boy was riding on the raft
that he fell from it and when his brother
went to his rescue grasped the latter- in a
manner that prevented him from swim
ming, and ' in the struggle, both were
drowned. . •
STOCKTON, June 7.— Frank D. and An
nie 1>. Crafts traded their girl baby Mar
guerite and a house and lot here .to-day
for a span of mules and a camping outfit.
Until to-day Mr. and Mrs. Crafts lived
on what is known as the . Terminal tract,
in the western part of the city, with their
four children, the youngest of which was
little Marguerite, born to .them, last,No
vember. The - Crafts were very poor. : A
few days ago Mr. and Mrs. Dickinson
came from Nevada to Stockton with a
camping outfit and sought permission to
camp near Crafts' home. The Dickinsons
had no children.- Marguerite toddled over
to visit the campers and Mrs. Dickinson
straightway fell in love - with the little
one. She playfully told the Crafts how
much she wanted little Marguerite, and
was surprised when they expressed a
willingness to let her have the child.
Crafts finally offered to : give Mr. and
Mrs. Dickinson the child, together with
his house and lot, for the camping outfit.
Mr and Mrs.* Dickinson accepted the of
fer. Crafts explained the apparently in
human, deal by saying that he and his
wife were too poor to properly raise all
four children, and that they had rather
part with their youngest than see it grow
up In poverty. : v - . ¦
- Mr. Dickinson engaged tha services of
Deputy District Attorney Norton to make
out the papers of adoption ' and Judge
Budd signed them, delivering over Mar
guerite Crafts to her new legal guardian.
Stockton Couple Plead
Poverty as Their
Excuse.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
TRADE A CHILD
FOR TWO MULES
¦i | ' >a IVE-year-old ' Harry Gladstone
II undoubtedly holds the
1 1 record / for miraculous escapes
i\ '.from death. In this city at ' least.
¦ , -The little chap is a son of Henry
E. ¦ Curzons,\ a tailor, residing at . 33S0
Twentieth street. '. / .¦
*. About a year ago the little boy was
left-alone in a room for a. moment, where
upon he decided to climb out of the win
dow and* play hide and seek on -the out
side.. He fell fifteen feet to the hard ce-'
ment sidewalk, but no bones were broken
and he was up and around in a few days.
About a month ago he fell down a flight
of stairs and 'broke his. collar bone, bu^
his latest adventure placed all previous
escapes from death in the shade.
Last Wednesday afternoon the little boy
The eleven amendments to the bylaws
were defeated. There were 1233 votes for
and 88 against, but they lacked the two
thirds vote -of the entire . association re
quired fqr their adoption." The fact that
more than 1750 members of. the association
failed • to take part in - the annual election
is - predicted by the '¦ opposition to mean
that these will not deliver their fruit the
coming year and will break away: from
the association. ~ , '.
Administration ticket— President and director,
H. G. Bond? Santa Clara, 1229; first vice presi
dent and . director, H. W. Meek. San Lorenzo.
1330; directors — L. F. Graham. San Jose.- 1170;
William P. Cragtn. Campbell. 888; F. N. Woods,
Cupertino, 1244; A. B. Fletcher, Campbell, 10S3;
J. O. Hayes, San Jose, 1263; J. B. do Jarnatt,
Colusa, ; 1297; Charles Forman, . • Los < Angeles,
1246: Thomas Jacob, Vlsalla.,1295: "W. E. Wool
sey. Fulton. 1223. ¦'•-..' .- I ¦.'.""-
Opposition ticket — President " and dlrectoiV J.
H. Henry, San Jose, 618; first vice president and
director. Julius Koeblg, San Jose. 394; directors
— W. P.'Lyon, Edenvate, S32; W. W. Turney,
Campbell. 488: H. F. Lord. Berryessa, 632: W.
M. Scott. Cupertino, 749; F. H. Babb. San Jose,
624'; J. L. Pendleton. Saratoga. 681; H. L. Ste
vens,: East Side, 428; W. W. Montague, San
Francisco, 4S2; E. W. Knapp, Mount View, 5S1.
SAN JOSE,. June ,7.— President Bond and
his administration ..of affairs of the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit' Association have been
sustained by a vote of more than two to
one of -.the prune men participating in the
annual election. J. H. Henry, who was
the first vice president 'of the combine,
but resigned because of what he termed
the one-man power of > President Bond,
was the leader of the . opposition ticket
and received but 613 votes.
"When the adjourned meeting- was called
to order to-day, after two adjournments
bad been caused by lack of a quorum. It
was found that 1907 votes had been cast,
62 more than a quorum. The counting of
the ballots. then commenced and resulted
as follows: •
. . ¦ . . ; ¦ ¦ r
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sustain His : Administra-
tion of Cured Fruit
Association.
PRUNE-GROWERS
RE-ELECT BOND
tric car. had passed. The boy then- started
to cross the street, not noticing that an
other car was approaching rapidly from
the opposite direction. - ,
Before he could' realize his'idanger the
car was on top of him. Fortunately the
fender worked successfully and the boy
was scooped up in the. device and landed
on his head, in the street /after, he had
been carried some distance. He was pick
ed up immediately by willing hands and
carried to his home, i Upon examination
It .was found -that he had quite a severe
bruise In the back of his head. - :
Dr. Gallwey, who had attended little
Harry on the two previous occasions, was
called in and made an examination, look
ing for a possible fracture, but he found
that the little boy had escaped with a few
bruises. .
Yesterday afternoon Harry was up and
around, but his mother Is so frightened
that- she declares that she : will never
again let her boy out of. her sight for a
single moment - • - . - ;
stole out of the house while his mother
was busy and eventually^ found himself
on Folsom street. He wanted to .cross
the street and cautiously waited near the
street car tracks until a west-bound elec-
SACRAMENTO, June-- 7.— Congress
having failed this year to make provision
for. the operation of the Government
snagboat Seizer on the Sacramento River,
the duty-has fallen upon the Commission
of Public Works and the transportation
companies to supply the funds necessary.
State Commissioner Frank D. Ryan and
Engineer George Randle returned to-day
from an Inspection trip up the river.
They say that above Colusa the river i9
but four feet above low-water mark, and
that difficult navigation is already beins
experienced, j The opinion is expressed
that unless something be done to remove
the sandbars and snags | above Colusa It
will be impossible to carry on the grain
hauling traffic on the river this summer.
The cost of operating the snagboat will
be $4000, of -which the State will be asked
to pay $3000. The commission will con
sider the report next Monday.
Season's Grain-Hauling
Traffic. ;*>?*
Absence of a Snag-Boat Imperils ths
DimCUIiT NAVIGATION
ON SACRAMENTO RIVER
George A. Sturtevant of San Francisco.
They are hare to represent the State of
California and to lend all the assistance
they may in ferreting out the perpetrators
of. the crime. To make their assistance
ALTURAS. June 7.— Alturas Is once
more in a state of excitement
that has been equaled only by the
time just- following the lynching'
of the Halls and Yantls. The
town Is full of people from all over the
county of Modoc and from the adjoining
counties and every one Is talking of the
horrible affair, but no one is saying any
thing that the officers on track of the
lynchers can make the least use of.
Every one knows just how the deed was
done and just where it happened, but
about those who did it there is not a
word.
This morning at 9 o'clock the Grand
Jury met and commenced Its investiga
tion. It has more than one hundred wit- .
nesses that have been summoned and it _
•will take a long time to find out what
they do not know of the affair, for even
the small distance the jury has progressed
into the inquiry has sufficed to show that
the result will be next to nothing.
The witnesses include every man from
the town of Lookout, practically the en
tire population of the Bieber vicinity and
a delegation from Fall River Valley, in
Shasta. County. They have been arriving
all of yesterday and this morning and
make a totfn full all by themselves, but
they know nothing.
Charles Y. Post, Assistant Attorney
General of the State, has arrived from
Sacramento and with him has come
Every Man in Lookout Is Summoned to Testify : Regarding the Lynching
and Others From Points as Far Distant as Fall River Valley Are
Called as Witnesses, but All Profess Ignfifance of Shocking Tragedy
Miss Eyre says she has associated with
her as ¦ directors in the proposed colony
Mrs. Fannie E. Carey of Harbor,
Mich., Ernest Benninghaven of Seward,
Nebr., and Mrs. Elsie- Braun of Denver,
Colo. \ .. • • ¦-.-..<.'. •< •-••. :¦ •
There will be a circular temple which shall
typify 'the perfected Individual. -The outer cir
cle will reoresent the body; the second will
represent the mind; the Inner circle, which will
be a chamber of silence, will typify the spirit.
The object of those who will meet In this tem
ple will to bring perfect harmony between the
subjective and objective spheres. Persons from
all carts of the world who believe in the uni
versal communism of love will meet in this
temple for the purpose of i devising methods of
bringing . into universal objectivity a civiliza
tion in. which ail men wlll^work for the com
mon good, a society in which, in structure and
organism, the kingdom of. heaven will be real
ized. The colony shall be governed by the law
of. love alone. It will be a realm in which
"there will be neither 'mineV nor^'thine' ; a
realm beyond the reach of weights and meas
ures,' morals and laws, in which there is nei
ther wage nor interest, neither price nor. bar
gain, servant nor master: a realm in which
there is no more question about how much one
shall have over and above another than there
is 'question about a division of the air for in
dividual breathlnr." ¦ . . ¦
The dwellings shall be circular and shall be
conducted on the co-operative or individual
plan, according to the desire of those entering
Into the experiment. » - " . ¦
The property of the 'community of whatever
nature shall be for the common use of all.
Bach person will be required to work two hours
a day and the product of such labor shall be
placed in croraon storehouses, from which each
shall drpw accordine to his need. .
/ • . • . ¦ ¦ ". . ;-¦¦ . ¦ . . •
SAN JOSE," June 7.— A colony which. Is
to be devoted to. a higher, spiritual life
and free association of the sexes is to be
established near this city. ..The promoter
is Miss Alice Wolverton Eyre.^a refined,
educated and sty lish # young woman, who
recently arrived here, ; and who declares
her life work and plan," together with the*
selection of a site, was revealed to her in
a vision from the higher spirits. She Is
an advocate of .the unrestricted marriage
theory lately put into practice by Profes
sor Herron, to the scandal of all who be
lieve in the. family tie and its'responsi
bilities. The colony is to propagate and
practice the principles of : . the , higher life
as taught by her and others. . " ¦. . A. ¦
Miss Eyre declares that, through, the
guidance of these higher spirits, and with
out her special volition, - she was sent
hither and that she will remain until the
colony is fully organized. She expects to
carry out her project with the aid of sub
scriptions from converts. Many in other
places who have ( already attained this
higher life will join- her and they will put
into' practice the spirit of brotherhood it
inculcates. Eventually it is hoped the en
tire .world tfrtll reach the status of«un
selfish brotherhood . and there : will be no
more private ownership of anything. . No
one shall receive more ' than another of
the necessities and , pleasures of life and
there shall be no legal or church restric
tions upon the natural selections of the
sexes. .-' •¦¦¦•: ¦.""¦•¦->¦ -..'-'" v
A circular sets forth; the following plans
of the colony: . ;. -'
Special Dispatch to The ' Call.
• ¦ ¦•• ¦ '. •_' •- '— — ¦?- -¦ -¦¦ ¦ ¦ v.
•¦ .* <; ¦¦ ; ••¦* :•¦¦-- V-" ¦- ¦ ; - :
Says Spirits Direct Her to
Form - a Brotherhood
Near San Jose.
¦ -•¦ v --:;v •"•• i v" .•-¦-.¦¦: v f
Alice Wolverton Eyre to
Carry Qut ' Idea of
Dr. Herron.
FREE-LOVE SECT
PLANS A COLONY
MODOC COUNTY GRAND JURY BEGINS
SEEMINGLY HOPELESS INVESTIGATION
EAKERSFIELD, June 7.— The vigi
lantes who made the | midnight attack
upon the camp of the Superior Sunset
# Oll Company in Midway a few weeks ago
are to be prosecuted to the full extent of
the law. One arrest has been made and
a blanket warrant- Is now out for the ar
rest of many prominent men who are
supposed to have been implicated in the
assault in. which George Walker was seri
ously wounded and George P. Cornell
made a cripple for life. •»
Claude Donley, a brotlier of Milton J.
Donley, who Is one of the heaviest own
ers in the Mount Diablo Company, which
is supposed to have incited the assault,
was the first man arrested. He was tak
en into custody by Deputy United States
Marshal Radke at Midway, where he is
employed as assistant superintendent of
the Midway Oil Company, which pur
chased the land from the Superior Sunset
Company after the shooting. He was ar
raigned here before Judge Mlllard this
afternoon and gave bail in the sum of
13000.
Other persons named in the warrant of
arrat include those prominent in busi
ness and professional circles. Among
them are J. A. Chanslor, the millionaire
oil magnate; Dr. A. F. Shaffer, County
Physician for the county of Kern; J. W.
Jameson, the well-known attorney ,and
oil man; H. P. Andersen of tthe whole
sale liquor house of Andersen & Ross; E.
J. Boust, ex-Deputy United States Mar
shal; William Hendrick, F. T. Hall. W.
C. Furtig and others ¦whose names cannot
be learned. John Does and Richard Roes
cover those whose connection with the as
sault has not yet been, established.
The warrant is sworn to by J. W. Cros
land, ex-County Recorder and president
of the Superior Sunset Oil Company, who
was present on the disputed land on the
night of the battle. A Pinkerton man,
Tiechnor by name, has been working in
Bakersfield, Sunset and Midway since the
shooting.' He has, lit is said, considerable
damaging evidence against the accused
men. He came here at the instigation of
Cornell's father, who is a prominent min
iner man of I Plumas County.
JDonley emphatically denies that he
took any part in the affair and says that
he can readily establish an alibi. More
arrests are expected to-morrow.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charged With Complicity in
Attack on Superior Sun-
Men Marked for
Arrest.
¦•¦ 's^si — • ,- -.
Prominent Kern County
WARRANTS OUT
FOR VIGILANTES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 8, 1901.
Fiye-Year-Old. Boy, While Crossing Folsbm Street, Is
Knocked Down, but Receives Only Few Bruises.
His Third Escape From Almost Certain Death
STREETCAR FENDER SAVES LITTLE
HARRY CURZONS FROM AWFUL FATE
3
¦¦ c o o o o o w o o o o o o o o o oo oo o o o o o o o O ft
OOOOCOOOOOCOOC TJA (ZJp (\TZ TMT'F'N^P TH OOOOOOOOOOOOOOgj
cocoooooooooco ***iuL. \JL til 1 L>lltJl« 111" doooooooooooooh
ccoooooooooooc Tcnccr »r/\ cxrCTW ooooooooooooooH
oooooccooooooo IOcEjI lU CVEkI coooooooooooooH
oooooooococooo ooooooooooooooH
™ — Y. m. c. A. — ; — : — I
MV TYHP- ocooopoooooooooooo o^To"oToT X9l1vFl*7!fa_-B
*Jf ia^m.JJw oooooooooooooooooooooooooo uUU 1 i Ull ¦
riences the latest ciscans I
in the m umwl. Who!
_ - OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO »wi"««« H
nTIPf" cose oo oooo oooooooooooooooo VvllI B
„,„-« THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS „ I
j mOSt THEM AU, HUnt I
OSliLiiS o^^^^^^o^^oTo^^^'o o"o o o o o o o IOI!* Q
a oooooooooooooooooooooooooo *»• I
© .« . oooooooooooooooooooooooooo M
OI £26 oooooooooooooooooooooooooo ' ?| B
** *"*•" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦ H
Sahara 'itfiF YT Krate's I
Besert liCAl Treasure!
£i«i^— —^^™™~ I I b\B H H S^ ooooooooooooooa
OhiyGow- A Sang
boy in CALL Francisco!
America UOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO • Girl's I
_ T , oooooooooooooooooooooooooo " ¦ H
Who " Exncrf-I
TT " V JUNE THE. NINTH, NINETEEN 1 *" |
Sides a \ .hundred and on\- enccs I
cj* __,^ *^ oToTooooocoooocooooooooooo « H
l^LSSi^ III OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO B
oooooooooooooooooooooooooo **•. ** H
»Y o oooooooooooooooooooooooooo •' _,, H
|J1*gTg|* — oooooooooooooooooooooooooo _. ' B "r/t am m
encetoa the -fbat- houses at Hunt I
ZT STAl«=0RD. ; " 1
: • • - OOCOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOO H
* v ¦• . ooooooooooToTSb
A STORY OF THF (WIJCJC- ooooooooooooool
Ml J1U1VI Ul XllLt yvlVJl- ooooooooooooooH
CAUnC '•¦¦ "'" ¦ ' ooooooooooooooH
_ ¦ .tJATiUJ, '. . ooooooooooooool
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EataiMRun.
There isn't a man who would be seen
running through the street munching a
piece of pie. - Why not? Because it
would mean dyspepsia and* stomach
trouble? Not at all;. but because it
wouldn't look well. As a matter i of fact
many a business man snatches a lunch
in such a hurry that he might as well
take it on the run. That is one reason*
for the prevailing "stomach trouble"
among men of business.
There is a" certain remedy for diseases
of the stomach | and other organs of
digestion and nutrition. It is - Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. The
worst cases of dyspepsia and catarrh of
the stomach have been cured by this
medicine. It cures where all other
means have, failed to cure."'
- "I took two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery for stomach trouble," ¦writes -
Clarence Carnes, Esq., of Taylorstown, Loudoun
Co., Va. "It did me so much good that I didn't
' take any more. I can eat
<A££$] «most anything now. I am so
BlSKfe., well pleased with it I hardly
/Efg^&F inow how to thanlc you for
>" our kind information. I tried ,
a whole lot of things
-ttW^I^**^ before I wrote to
j^Tw^n^ ~o* i v\ you. There was ft
• .v^jOM?-sli7\aL \ gentleman «old me
B* J £lYi&L*a 'S^ \ about your medi-
JBf&1siWt&£Zr^*^\ cine ' anJ how it
J$*«i$B?L=jtot"l^a had cured his wife -
Mffiij&St r^^p^ x 1 1 wouid
' Si'^lv Am now Sl*d I did.
BggSJSf-jda \V f° r I don't know
I|S»5«V $** AS what I would have
ffif^TrCnMb W7. \ done if it had not
E^^Efif-'-WfiwVvX been for Dr. Pierce's
m^^-'Sv \\\ GoldenJVIedicalDia-
%N£p*'''l» Y Doctor Pierce's
Wi3\ >J Pleasant Pellets
*jfJ w»^ ' c^e biliousness.
i" v i "^5 " is) They stimulate
• \\\ - ¦ the sluggish
l»\l I liver, and cleanse tfie sys-
* A' tem °^ They
v %i V snou^d always be used with
v R\ "Golden Medical Discov-
jLg] ery » when there is n£ed of
ck-' a laxative.
OR, MEYERS SCO,
Specialists. Dis- j^S^pf
ease and Weakne3-< &J£&k ¥
of men. Estab • &%S£ oi^ISU^SS
Itshed 1SS1. Consul- Tf^MC. >i T£^K V&l
'tatlon and private • T *-i
book free, at oRlco , *C5|^ /^«^vi
or by mall. Cure-, R4Vv''5^a»^
guaranteed. 7^ 1 iV^^^^^k
Market street (els- iK^^^P'r*
vator entrance). >«^O "^tij® '<^Lj
San Francisco. .v^y^-gjr--^ Y*tff^*
gB| CHICHEVTCR'S CNGU8H
B«~^»^K. -I— 1- Orlcinnl a«4 Only Oeaalae. .
£J l^^v' fcr CXIICHESTEK'S KNGU.-JH
fr^**y»«*v«a KEI> an.l (told rnet^la boxe.. m»1M
J3k ' S?%? « " lth blje ribbon. Tdke ¦<» »th er. RefaM
TT1 9^ «CJ I>nneer«>B» SvbatltsUon* sad Iwtta* '
• I / ' ¦- . fiT tlonB. ltuj af yonr Drocgiu. or wnd 4c. la
I J» t* «ta«np» «>r Partte«lar% Te«tlmonlaltj
XW "*? »nd "Relief for Ladle'* in Uttm-.ij r«.
-A. - X' tsrn.MiilL 1 0.Oott T«iimoni»N. 9«M \>y
Mantton tMa p.oer »I«dlK.» » 9IU n. V'iliiLA^. fi!
DR; CROSSMAN'i^
SPECIFIG MIXTURE
For the/i'Di-i ol Gonorrhoea. Cla«t».
Strictures nnd analogous comolaint*
, oif tba Orftana of Generation. "
> PtIcb U a bottle. For naio.by drug«ta«»,Greyhounds That Are Making Their Names Familiar on the Lips of Coursing ;Men on Account of Good Performances.
If .you -want' tol make a; liar.mad 'ask
him to do some iy tog. for< you." "£?¦;¦ i^r-trr :r w
. .. The Santa Fe is now, carrying passen
gers to the Tosemite via stage from Mer*
ced. Starting .- on California . Limited to
day, " you are at the Sentinel Hotel to
morrow -. afternoon. .. passing Merced Blc
Trees en TOMt^.^^a^^trVf^Aywamm
Ask about it at «1' Market street. •
¦«••••¦• ¦ •—• • - - ¦
Yosemite Valley via* Santa Te.
, On the. ; Sixteenth and ' Folsom streets
grounds,. to-morrow afternoon the San
Francisco postofflce clerks and the San
Francisco .letter carriers will mingle In a
championship game of baseball. Both
teams have been training f r the event .
Postal Men on the Diamond.
Handball
; At -the' San » Francisco )¦ handball
to-morrow ' the following .games will- be
played:* ; . ". 'V';-'-.-. '"-.-• ¦-
'^Tournament— W. l\ Stansbury ,; vs. • W.
i Walsh ; • .,' J. ';. Riprdon :,vs. . W. , Magulre ; J.
Duncan"? vs, ; D. ' Regan. /".'Regular games--
J. • Foley, and • M. , Kirby - vs.- E. Barryj and ;
i P.' Talo; :< Y:\ Farrell : and i , T.v Finn . vs. J.'
Madden and^M.' Neeley;"M.' McNeil and
L.'Carraine;vs. G.:McDgnald and M.'Mc-
Leod; .M.7 Joyce' and >W.,Willlams vs. jD.
Connelly ¦ and J.. Lawless ; • H. - J.- Rogers
and ¦ G. r- B.v Hay ward - vs. -W.;: H. - Slebers t
and -, F. • W. Stapff ; ;W. \ Fisher and A. ¦ Mc-
Vlcker.r vs.* P." Ryan •; and ,' T. v Foley : ¦ J. , C."
;Nealon . and T. Leach vs. A. Hampton and i
M..J.-KHsallon. ,-.-.- _.,,.;•;: - 1
To-morrow there will be a gathering of
those Interested In cricket An the grounds
at Webster street. * Alameda, to witness
the 6econd meeting between a city and a
country club for the pennant of 1901. The
Santa Cruz- Country Club: team havlnir
won its first ma^ch against the' Pacific
eleven on Decoration. Day, will strain
every effort to beat the Alameda renre
eentatives. with whom the Pacifies played
a drawn game last Sunday. The Alameda
representatives will.be chosen from O T
Baugh. B. Bird.,F. .Croll, F. Stahl H.'
Ward Jr.. A. S. WUUs, H. Ward Sr J
Brown, w. J. Richter. J.H. Saunders j'
J. Moriarty. A. E. Chlvers.-W.. G. Fort
mann and V. -Seebeck. • The' Santa Cruz
eleven will be: J V F. Coope (captain) H
F. Anderson. W. A. Fortescue; W H
Howard, A. Jenkins.' A.- G. gheath H. H*
Cookson, P/D. Gellatly; G. L. DIckson"
W. Le«t and J. Ritchie. A close and in
teresting contest should result 'from the
meeting of these iwo elevens.* ,.
.... _ r
Cricket at Alameda.
Trick . and fancy springboard di vlng-^-C.*
Kline. J. Hawkins. T. Wolfe,' J. Jackson.
P. Lockwood. T. Cochran, H. Stelljes, W.
Clough H. Heinze, . J. Hughes, J. Dwyer
F. Muller F. Springer. H. Guild. W. Arm
acost. J. Orday.R. James, W.. Carroll
S. Friedman, E. Winfleld; J." Heckett; P
Hansen.W. Hoffman; F. . Hilderbrandt; T;
Thomas. P. Sundburg.P.v Sullivan." E."
Peters. J. Collins, T. McKillip, O.. Beyers,
3^rd -dash^ juveniles-J.- Shrimp,
F. Neil. E. Wells. J. Lankin," J. Boggs..6.
Manning, W. Adams, P. Lockwood, S.
Stockton, E. Wells, H. -. McKenzle, ' P;
Sundburg. A. '. Derks, B. Berry, .A. ¦ Rauer
R. Herman. H.< McKenzie. A. .^ Courtney,
R. Soli, P.- Revert, R. "Buckley, C. Dono
van, F. Paine. 1 C. Butterworth; • B. Ferrill
D. Chase, j L. ¦ . Samuels,' J. « Dixon; -G:
Anderson, R.' Burns,';P. ,. McKermid, /A.
Derks.> ¦-• ' ;/ ;. :'./•""- :'¦ :••-.,-,,';-..'
- Under.; water Bwimmlng •! contest, diving
for plates, and high diving. for boys open
to all; ¦¦"-.. .-¦ t ,-.,,..-, ¦ ¦.._>:¦-,--.._ ¦<
One hundred yard race. ¦ amateurs— G.
Rollins. • J. Shustro, H. Dougherty,- P.
Rose, W. Irving, G. Freeth, P. Roller, L.
Scott, O. Schutz, F. Ralston, O. Lowen
berg, O. Beyer, J. Rlngrose; J.
C. Fredericks, P. Bodkin,' O. Beyfuss.JF.
Crowder, L. Grueman, W. Cook, J. Hunt-
H. Mitchell, R. Cordell, A. Clayton, W.-
Dawsett. ¦ - . •¦¦.-•¦
At Sutro Baths to-morrow the following
swimmers will race for prizes: . ''''¦>,
Swimming at Sutro's.
"Fly-casters of Yesterday." , j ,
Walter I>. Mansfield; John Siebe, Edwin
Everett and A. C. Carman returned from
the McCloud River on Monday. last. .They
report the fishing good.
M^ L. , Cross, who - is collecting- black
bass for distribution' for the, Fish Com
mission, was sent to the, Salt. Spring Val
ley reservoir near Milton and reports that
the reservoir Is a very extensive body of
water and well stocked, and. that the fry
cf this year, are about 'two inches long.
Mr. Cross ¦ is ¦. filling applications in the
vicinity of Stockton. - Later he will take
up distribution.:from:Russian« River e»t-
, ting:. the fish from the land-locked waters
The .trout .season opened at Tahoe on
the 1st; and reports received during the
past week^state that the weather was de
lightful. The big catches of fish are-re
' ported at Tallac. -. Reports f rpm ¦ the
Truckee in the vicinity of Bird Bfe are to
the effect, that conditions are 'Improving
LaguX l s er^ n kl 111 flSh '-*
• . W. A, Cooper and - wife -, and . Mr and
; C. B. HolHwood and James Watt fished
on- the Paper.* Mill last Sunday. -HollS
wood got twenty-five and Watt landed flf^
teen good ones. . < ¦ j . . : '^^ ucu »"
_E. A:; Mocker and wife intend spending
the; summer at Capitolato enjoy the sal
mon fishing.. Sardines are in the bay and
salmon have put in ' an appearance. ¦
-,, \\ Striped :bass y fishermen " are looking for
wara to some rare sport when the season
onens on the first of next month; a °
i A. l^-LanKerman left fcr Webber: Lake
l 8 .^ 1 Saturday for five weeks', vacation. ¦ T.
E lard, Beans of San Jose ieaves , for the
lake ./-to-day. ':; Herman Muller - and wife
left. tor »Yosemita- last- Saturday. , They
v cxpcct to-be gone, two ;weeks.-.' ¦' ,
The San Francisco Fly-casting Club will
hold a re-entry contest at Stow Lake this
afternoon and to-morrow. ; - -On Tuesday
evening.- next .the club will hold ita bl-'
monthly dinner at the , California HoteL
The feature of the entertainment 'ar
ranged-for the dinner will be an address
by Horace Briggs. His subject 'will be
Reports; of Good Fishing Are
Received. From the
Interior. Mf} -
FLY-CASTERS WILL
CONTEST TO-DAY
: Last Sunday a crew of South End oars
men rowed around , from Long . Wharf to
North Beach and visited -the; Dolphin
boathoUse. " George Baker tried ¦ the new
Dolphin skiff and A. W. Pape was out
for practice in his * shell. The junior
barge crew* also went- out. • The South
Ei-ds Intend to apply for a card to be is
sued to Robert 'McArthur,- who has fqr a
long ; time taken s no part or interest in
professional snort. ¦ He is an excellent
oarsman,' .and it Is- a. pity that hia ser
vices should .be unavailable in : amateur
rowing ! races. . . . -• -.¦:.-
The nominating • committee of the .Dol
phin Boating Club has submitted the fol
lowing list to 'the' members:./ For Presi
dent, E. H.- Coney; vice president, J.* S.
Earls; recording, secretary.; W. - L. . Bush ;
financial , secretary, ' F. C. ¦ Stalb ; treasurer,
A. . L.' Schuppert; .captain, W.O. Patch;
lieutenant captain. T. R. Dixon; sergeant
at arms. P., H. ; Freudenberg. The reg
ular-monthly meeting of the club,.;. the
principal business at • which will be the
election of officers,, will be held next Wed
nesday evening at 102 O'Farrell street, at
8 o'clock. V . - -¦-..
If the Pioneers and Ariels are-dispos
sessed of their boathouses before they
can secure J new quarters they will store
their boats and equipment in a ware
house until' they can provide a place for
them. .The- South End Rowing Club,
though it will probably have to leave Us
present* location ultimately, is not in im
mediate danger and may not have to go
for eighteen months or two years. It
has been suggested thaL the South End
Rowing Club should pu™ Its . house on a
.float, which could be towed from one spot
to another as proved convenient. ; The
quarters of. the Portland Rowing Club are
considerably larger j than . those of any
club on the ' bay and are on a- float, .this
being rendered necessary by the great va
riation In the height of the waters of the
Willamette River. ,':. ' ; -
be lifted out of the water, carried across
the road and placed in the lake. The
slough leading to the flood gates has been
improved and is deep enough for boats
even at low -tide. " • ¦ ; " ',
•The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic Un
ion met on Wednesday, evening and ac
cepted the .invitation of the citizens of
Oakland to take part In the Fourth" of
July celebration there. ' An . order was
made that entry blanks for the various
events should be prepared at' once 'and
that the 1 list 'should- remain open till the
evening of July l. There will be straight
away and relay., swimming races and a
water polo match,' in addition to the reg
ular championship, barge and outrigged
skiff races. „/ .. -
v The, boating association of the Univer
sity of California and '. the Alameda Boat
Club will enter two or three barge crews
apiece and some ."single scullers. " The"
South Ends, Dolphins and Artels will also
send ' in crews :.and , akiffmen. The ; most
Interesting "event- of the day and the om
about which: most speculation -is rife will
be the racej between George 'Baker of : the
Dolphin Boating Club ¦ in the' new East
ern built skiff and Fred Ayers of the Ala
meda Boat Club' in the 1 Rogers craft. J i The
new. representative- of the Pioneer Row-
Ing Club on; the: board,^r managers of
the Pacific Association: is George Collopy,
who . wlil , go » down ; to > the boathouses on
Long '.Wharf to-morrow a,nd will try .to
stir , up enthusiasm . for the ' regatta. The
Alameda; Boat Club has invited the San
Francisco to t come i over, to" the
San 1 ; Antonio "estuary.;: and make 'use- of
their (boa thouse .and*, equipment as freely,
as if they> were their own. The Pioneers
and • Ariels,' however, are in an awkward
position just now, as their boathouses are
likelyshortlyto be pulled down and the
site granted to them by j the. Harbor Com-'
missioners on. which to erect new quar
| ters has been withdrawn. -¦ The Ariels last
Sunday/.began ,work on the 'Construction
of- concrete . piers ;i for the ? foundation • of
their;new house,. but will not proceed with
it until; their, position is assured. ?•' - «•¦..,
-. The; question -of Hhe: transportationTof
the ! barges 4 and .• skiffs to Lake * Merrltt
seems^easy< of .solution. The boats will
be conveyed ;¦ on the Creek ferry, \ towed
up the'estuary by a' launch to-the; flood
gates* at .Twelfth street," where '.they ;will
v ¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦.'-_••."• 'i,:^:.— ;• ".¦; • ¦ ' .¦ ¦ :'-¦ ¦¦¦ ,-:v*. .*5>;/
May . Lose the Quarters Al
lowed Them by the Harbor
Commissioners.
OARSMEN HAVE
THEIR TROUBLES
kind of a showing they would make
against the Easterners. Last year the
Hardys went East and at first did excep
tionally well, but toward the end they fell
down considerably. Many are of the opin
ion that George in singles and he and
Robert in doubles will make an even bet
ter showing than the Hardys did. .
- W. B. Collier has commenced training
for the July tournament, and as ho plays
every day he should be in good form when
that event comes off. .* . ' • .
i Several men have shown great improve
ment of late and .will undoubtedly, cut
quite, a figure in future tournaments,
inese men are Merle Johnson, Ray Cor
nell and Chet Smith. Johnson has lately
uen ana <-nei amitn. Johnson has lately
gone from the third class to second andtls
already well up in that. The other two
men are easily the best in the third class.
In spite of the fact that this is the dull
est season of the year for local tennis the
courts.. are crowded daily. Judge Kerri
gan has taken up the game In earnest,
and although a beginner he gives promise
of becoming fully as expert as either of
the other two Judges— Hunt and Troutt.
. Ray Cornell and Grant Smith will try
conclusions with the experts of Belmont
at that place to-day.' The best players in
that locality sre.Ray and Adrian Spllvalo
and E<2 Hume. ....
With Palo Alto, Wedgewood, . Harlean
Gladys, Ireland. ' Luxor,. Rector. Mose.
Homer Boy, Little Sister, Sir Pasha, For
Glory, Warship, Fiery Face, Roman Ath
lete, Mayflower, Santonin, Vandal and
Spiteful to pick from the stake ftakes on
a champion look indeed. '¦'-_ ; . V . •'
The stake is limited to sixteen entries,
with a charge of $25 each. The associa-'
tion adds $600, which makes the purse
worth striving for. The getter of the last
flag will receive $300 and the winner of
one course will get double the entrance'
and this time will, under the care of Jim
Sweeney, be fit to go the route. Whether
the great, in. his day, unbeaten courser
reaches the final or ls put out in his first
effort, he will be seen in "the. best condi
tion that careful handling can bring him
to in his advanced age. • 7^ ' :
fee for that victory.
P.* J. Reilly .has disposed of his clever
performers The Grafter and Warship.
For some time past Reilly has been in
receipt of several tempting offers for. the
coursers, but refused to sell. Finally the
right figures were named and Reilly
yielded. The Grafter will hereafter be
run in the name of James Markland and
Warship will show what he> can do in
thft coursing line with Frank McComb as
his owner.
Peter Peters has purchased Avondale
from Larkey & Rock. ..
¦ J. Moriarity has sold Jimmy Anthony
to F. Blanco.
Glen Chloe whelped a litter of seven
puppies to Rocker on May 13.
J. Cane's ¦ Miss Penman has whelped a
litter of eight puppies to Rocker. •
?», «?u,* not been . definitely decided that
the Whitneys will go East, but at pres
wiil ko in^Jifljr 081 a certalnty that the y
Many people are anxious to -see; what
The tennis cracks are practicing con
stantly for the State championship sin
gle?, which will be held on July 4. This
is the first tournament of the kind ever
held here and gives _ promise of a great
success. It has notfeen definitely settled
whether this tournament will be played
on the 4th of July each year or not. The
tournament itself is a fixture, but its date
for the future has not yet been settled. ¦
The coast championship singles next
year will probably be played, in July,
while the State tournament will come off
in September with the doubles. This
change of dates is due to the fact that a
number of cracks from the north and
south have promised to participate if the
singles and doubles are played simultane
ously.
. Considerable discussion has been going
on ol late as to who should rank directly
after the Whitneys In the Calif ornia' Ten
nis Club. To settle this question a tour
nament will be held in the near future on
tht: local courts. The idea is to pick the
eight best men in the club. and let them
play aground robin tournament. In this
way each player would have a- match
with every man entered and the one win
ning the most matches would rank third.
The men who will probably be picked are
M. B. Collier, Merle Johnson, Norman
Hodgkinson. Drummond McGavin, Harold
Crowell. Ray Cornell. Chester Smith and
Grant Smith. Al Rosenberg would easily
get a place among the eight, but he ls out
of the game for good and will not be able
to play. This event will probably.be start
ed a week from Sunday, but as it is to be
a round robin affair it will take several
days to finish It. ;,
R. N. Whitney surprised 'everybody by
the game he put up against his brother
George in the finals of the tournament
last Saturday. When he is at his best
his game is but little behind that of the
champion, but the main trouble Is that he
|s able to play this game only once in a
longtime, and then he cannot last more
than two sets. ., . ¦ . --...-
Are on the Programme
of Events.
Series of Big Tournaments
TENNIS CRACKS
BEGIN TRAINING
THE next big event in coursing will
be the Ladies' Champion stake,
which will be run on Sunday, June
¦16, at Union Park. This will be
the sixth annual nieeting of this
classic event under the auspices of . the
Interstate Coursing Committee. The two
first meetings were held at Ingleside and
for the three years following Union Park
was siven the big event.
The rich prizes offered have never failed
to secure the entry of the best perform
ers In the State and this year will not
prove the exception.. With the high class
hounds now in the running as, possibili
ties for the prizes patrons of the game
will find it a hard matter to call the posi
tions in which the dogs will be placed at
the raising of the final flag in the stake.
For Freedom is In training for the event
SIXTEEN COURSERS OF MERIT WILL CONTEST FOR RICH
PRIZES OFFERED IN THE LADIES DAY CHAMPION STAKE
. . • ¦ . ¦ . . .
unable to earn a living except in the
handling of dogs.
• The Los Angeles Coursing Club has se
cured the services of Martin Kerrigan as
judge and will have him preside at to
morrow's meeting:.
! Kerrigan is a popular leasbman and one
of the first judges of coursing in Califor
nia- Kerrigan, with his brother, conduct
ed old Kerrigan's Park for many years.
The selection meets with the approval of
our lecal coursing men. ?
The following breedings have been re
corded: Wayfarer to Belle Clair. June 6;
Young America ¦ to Lady Fitzgerald, May
27; Lord Byron to May Girl, June 4; Pre
tender to Wine West, May 13; , Royal
Flush to Modesty,, May 16; Connemara to
Lady Garnett, May 15; Floodgate to Wild
Rose, May 12. '. ' •
The card for to-day and • to-morrow at
Union Park consists of a' slxteen-dog pup
py event' and a reserve - stake of 112 en
tries. ¦ ¦• *
At Los Angeles Dan by Dan, C, out of
Mayday, won the stake, with Master Clair
as runner-UD and Sweet Briar third.
D. J.- Healey's ' kennel of coursers will
be trained hereafter at Petaluma v and un
der the. charge of Trainer" McCaffrey. ,
Bradbury in his petition v avers that he
Is an innocent victim and pleads, because
of. old age and many injuries, that he is:
A. C. Bradbury has petitioned the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee, asking that
bedy to rescind Its former action In which
It canceled his trainer's license and ruled
him off for life. ¦: . -
Bradbury and Bradshaw, who were in
charge of Joe Watkins' kennel, were
dropped from the game because of their
connection with the doping of one of
their hounds at Ingleside Park more than
a year ago. The men were tried, aryd ruled
off. The offense was a palpable one and
resulted in a most disgraceful scene on
the field. ' -
association exactly in proportion to the
number of beats entered by each club at
the annual races was so clearly equitable
that all the clubs, on being .invited
to come Into the association, . accepted
readily. All have not yet appointed dele
gates, but this will be done in the near
future.
The delegates of the San Francisco
Yacht Club are A. C. Lee of the yacht
Surprise, A. X. Follanstee of the yawl
Phyllis and A. B. Palmer. As all three
are yacht owners, and it is necessary thac
one , of the three delegates should be a
| non-owner, one of these will* have to re
; tire The delegates appointed at the meet
ing of the California Yacht Club last week
are Commodore S. S. Marshall, Vice-Com
modore C. E. Clark and Port Captain A.
M. Clay, but as all three are owners, C.
E. Clark" of the yawl Gypsle retired in fa
vor or R. R. l'Hommeuieu, who is an
honorary member of the California Yacht
y ub \ Ji'he delegates of the 'Corinthian
Yacht Club are T. J. Kavanaugh. Orlo
Eastwood and ex-Commodore T. F. Tracy
The delegates of the Vallejo Yacht Club
are Commodore Charles Chapman, Fleet
Captain Al Morse and Port Captain
George Warford. The Encinal and South
Bay yacht clubs have announced their
desire to join the association, but have
n*t yet appointed delegates. The associa
tion is thus in a more flourishing and
stronger condition than ever before, ami
LfM ??J s , mor t sound - At the meeting
held at the Merchants' Exchange Allen if
Clay, trustee of the Macdonough trophy
fund. was elected president; T. F. Tracy
v^e-president; Orlo Eastwood, secretary.'
fn^i, R i >al f^ treasurer. The funds
in the hands of the former treasurer H
M. Landsberger. have been turned over to
the new official. T. J. Kavanaugh. A. C.
Lee and S. S. Marshall were appointed on
the trophy committee, whose duty It will
be to select the cups to be awarded in
the various classes at the annual races.
The regatta committee, which must con
sist of non-owners, will be appointed at
modnr-^^^fr^i 116 ass °dation. Com
« thI*« J ; M. Macdonough was selected
v 3 "^association's representative to the
Yacht Racing Association of North Amer
«,^r,«^ asl U year a com »«ittee to revise the
«£l£'» c 2 d f*. w ' as assented, and U was
suggested that a new and accurate list of
ffi « ow , enrolled in the clubs should
tho? r £ pared and , Printed -in such a form
that it can easily be added to the code
The next meeting of the association will
not be held till Wednesday, July 24 as
Orlo Eastwood, the secretary, is about
The yawl Frolic, built mlny years f age Toy
Commodore C. H. Harrison of the San
Francisco and Pacific yacht clubs, and
later owned by E. C. Bartlett. has re
turned from Alaskan waters, where she
haa been engaged In trading and is en
rolled in the Corinthian fleet. She is owned
by Clarkson Swain, who for some year"
Wri^hf^A^n^n-S^n **^' *°~
W. G. Morrow and W. M. Edgell of the
from F. A. Hyde the use of the yawl
Royal for the season, on condition of put
ting her Into commission. On giving her
ZJSPiP'Z?* f ? U ? d th 2* she cannot be
e 5* °£.i th 2 , wlnd « and in the hope of
curing this defect, one lib will be put on
her Innlacjcf the two she carries at pres
ent The Royal has a handsome suit of
J* Is cut by Cousens & Payne, but some
thing is wrong with her sail-olan.
Though the Boston Dlans for the cha!.
lenger for the San Francisco Perpetual
Cup h £ v «V £*?,"> P'aced in the hands of
some boat-builders, no definite arrange-
™ nt 2 ?£ ve b «' n made to construct her.
/The builder*, however, and all -who havi
seen t-ie clans think that they are excel
lent.' and that if -followed.- a strong
weatherhy- and very fast boat will be the
result. She has a bisr overhang at stem
and stern, but. will be a genuine yacht,
constructed on modern lines. An ex-sec
retary, of the San Francisco Yacht Club
xaya positively that th*»re will be a race
for. the trophy during the present season.
association must bave gone out of exist
ence, three clubs beingr necessary to Its
legal life. But the proposal made by the
Corinthians that the yacht clubs should
pay their share of the expenses of the
For a time It looked as though the only
clubs to remain in the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association would be the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian, In which case the
SIX CLUBS _ARE BANDED
Yawl Frolic After Trading in
Alaska Joins the Corin
: thians.
YACHTSMEN JOIN
HANDS AND FORM
AN ASSOCIATION
CLEVER BOXERS
ARE COMING TO
MEET IN BATTLE
On Thursday evening the San Francisco
Athletic Club will give its monthly box
ing exhibition at Its rooms, 317 Sixth
street. Manager Greggains has arranged
the usual good card and some hot bout*
are promised.'
• • ¦ '•
Al Xeill Is already on the scene. He
reached town on Friday and claims to be
in splendid shape. Xeill says he can eas
ily make 148. the weight stipulated, with
out weakening himself, and he assures
his admirers that he will give Thurston
the hardest fight of his life. Xeill will
train at the Terminal and will go out
there on Mondav.
' •-_-/• •. • • .- 4 « -/' ¦¦- ;
The Twentieth Century; Club will hold
Its bi-monthly exhibition at the Mechin
ics' Pavilion on Friday evening, June 28.
Tim Hegarty, the Australian feather
weight champion, is to try conclusions
¦with Tim Callahan of Philadelphia, the
only boxer who ever gave Terrible Terry
a hard struggle. Callahan is expected in
town to-day or to-morrow. . He will go
immediately into training and will have
ample time to condition himself for the
battle*
Hegarty is working at the Terminal
with "Australian" Billy Smith. He shows
up well In training and- gives evidence of
being all the- Australians claim for him.
He hustles Smith around like a child. He
enjoys in-fighting and takes many a hard
blow. •. .... -.
tJH c £ Root v who ls scheduled to box
Kid Carter the game evening, will arrive
to-day. I* ¦¦>/•• ...
The card arranged by the San Francis
co Athletic Club' includes bouts by clev
er boxers. Jack Moffatt of Chicago
and George Gardner of New York
are to box twenty rounds for the
middle - weight championship of the
world, and Al Xeill. the local cham
pion, and Charles Thurston, better known
as the "fighting Dutchman." will go in a
twenty-round affair. Gardner Is practical
ly unknown on this coast, but his past
performances in the ring- entitle him to
recognition. He and Moffatt fought some
years ago in Xew York and in the midst
of a torrid contest Moffatt broke his arm.
Both men are looked upon as the leaders
in the middle-weight class., Tommy Ryan
has practically retired from- the game and
Root and the others are now light .heavy
weights.
Moffatt and his manager, Sam Pooler,
will arrive in this city on Sunday night.
The popular Chicago pugilist will train
at the Seal Rock House. Gardner is ex
pected in town to-day. He will train
with Thurston, either at Croll's or at the
Six-Mile House. /
The x)romoters,will not be in a position
to name the day of the contest
until Monday next. It is probable, how
ever, if they tar.not move the Super
visors that they will engage Mechanics*
Pavilion and brin^r off the bouts on the
ovening: of July 13. On that night the
visitors who are to take part !n the na
tional shooting festival, which begins the
fciiov.ins day, will be in the city in great
numbers, and the club management be-
Tiexes that a great many of the visitors
¦rfli attend the lights. -
That the best !aid plans "aft sang
sg-ely" vra.fi evidenced on Thursday, when
the Police Committee of the Board of Su
pc-rviscre informed the managers ' of the
San Francisco Athletic Club that they
'¦ou'id not hdM a boxing" contest on the
Vourth of July. Their decision ' did not
corn* .as welcome news to. the light pro
moters.' In fact it was ratfier disappoint
ing* to them,- as they had • already
g-nnc I to great expense: in '.having
printers done and .giving out con
tracts. Vl for .the erection bi\. seats*
and boxes for -an open-air, contest.. The
throat made by the Supervisors that they
would, revoke the license if the club at
tempted to brine off. a fistic battle on the
national holiday has nonplused Manager
Greggalns and his associates.' They con
templated giving the exhibition on the
day. named, and expected to entertain 20,
000 people with their exhibition. Th/*y
will now have to set another date unless
the Police Committee permits . them to
bring on the contest as planned. '" •
Gardner Will Soon Be
on the Scene.
IVloffatt, Root, Callahan and
HEGARTY IS IN TRAINING
THE; \SAN : FRA^Ui^CQ ; ''CALL, j; SATUEDAY^'v JTJ5E ¦ '' ¦ r :
SPORTS: COURSING, YACHTING, ROWING, TENNIS, BOXING, GOLF, CRICKET, CYCLING, RACING, AND BASEBALL EAST AND WEST, TRAP SHOOTING AND FISHING
4CHICAGO. Juna 7.— Hawthorne tu*nTn«nr:
Five furlongs— Chamanade won. Arlan sec
ond. I. Saruuelson third. Time. l:03H.
Mile and . 20 yards— Shut Up won. Bright
Night second. Mavle third. Time, 1:4714.
Four and a half furlongs— Harris won. Em
rnett Orr second. Amole third. Time. :56*i.
One mile, selling— Reseda won. Bonnie Boy
•econd. Grandon third. Time. 1:43.
Mile and 20 yards — Leo King won. Blue XJclc
second, Ben Chance third. Time. 1:45.
Seven furlongs, selling— Impromptu won.
Sortie second, Domadge third. Time, 1:30.
HAMILTON. Ont.. June 7.— Results:
Six furlongs— Alfred C won. Kettle Court
second. Our Lizzie third. Time, l:tt%. '
Five furlongs— J. Patrick won. Pilaster sec
ond. Dun Robin third. Time, 1:0 Mi.
Killogram won. Lateon second. Intrusive third.
Time., 1:47. , - .
Five and a half furlongs, sellin**-— Halberdier
won. Wild Oats 8-K.ond, Jim Fltz third. Time.
1:04 4-5. * . . .. .
Mile and 70 yard*- .toxana won. Fatalist
second. Disturber third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
. About six furlongs, selling— Bold Knight
won. Contend second. Godfrey third. Time.
1:12 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles — The Rhymer won.
Terminus second, S. Herbert third. Time,
1:48 2-5. >
American- Breeders, Jockeys in a Series of Brilliant Victories
Again Furnish Extrabrdinary Proof Over the British
turfmen-— Clever Riding of IWilton Henry, L.Reiff and C. Jenkins
FOXHALL KEENE'S CAP AND BELLS
WINS THE OAKS STAKE IN A CANTER
THE SPEEDY FILLY THAT WON THE RICH OAKS STAKES AT EP
SOM, THE OWNER AND MILTON HENRY. WHO PILOTED HER TO
AN EASY. VICTORY. . " ' .
' Cotton "; has ranged ; in - price ' from' $1.90 a
pound 1 - during '. the ; war. ¦., to less ; than - 6c ' a
pound - in - 1898. : In > the ' last ¦ two years \ and
t a half it has risen from Be to 12.75c. v'*; *;i<
- ¦ - ; " ¦ - -xss5*iSi-aa-«aai****!ft ¦ - ¦
- The meeting of ¦ the , Iroauols ; Club held
last ' nignt: in : Pythian Castle was a most
interesting one.-" The -members were ad
dressed by. Commandant Jan Krlge" of. the
Boer army, who spoke briefly of the^con
ditlon of affairs in the Transvaal. * He waa
followed by Louis Metzger; who described
his * experiences ? during , a' recent visit .to
Europe. ., '- ' - r^tfSHH ; r. v - ¦.
Iroquois Club ' Entertained.
In the Divorce Court.'
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to ; Emma Lucas . from : George Lucas
for cruelty, Amelia ; Nelson : from Andrew
N. ' Nelson ; for • desertion, - Mary : - Gilmore
from Louis Gilmore -i for ; desertion and
Marguerite. Nimerusky from' Joseph Nim
crusky for cruelty..* Suits for. divorce have
been. filed by Mary TL. Stuart against Wil
liam { Stuart ¦¦ for cruelty; j Dora C Hansen
against ' Christian r Hansen '. for ¦, failure to
provide and " John ' F.', Reid 1 against Cecelle
E.v Reid -ior- cruelty. ' . • "Ar
:. -. • -...¦*¦- n '' -
Ex-Governor Budd Makes : Serious
' Ctarge Beflecting on Aged
Capitalist's Guardian. ' -
"1 am'willingr that Joseph O'Haire should
be placed in charge of a physician, but I
would like -to • be assured that no bella
donna wllJ.be administered to him. -I, can
prove that they are doping him with bella
donna, which will produce the very symp
toms they complain of here." "-. * v
After • making: this .statement before
Judge Sloss yesterday ex-Governor Budd,
who; with Knight & Heggerty, represents
.Thomas Jacques, who is being, sued by
Mrs. Mary Gowdey .to recover money and
property, of the value of $72,000, which,* it
is alleged, " he < secured , from • - O'Hare
through 'the "exercise of undue .influence, 1
endeavored 1 . to ! further enlighten the court
on the therapeutic qualities of belladonna,
but the i court ; interrupted r him: Judge
Slcss wanted to hear from counsel as to
the day upon- which, they; would be will
insr to open the. trial of v Mrs.'. Gowdey 's
suit." ¦¦'¦•: -:i •¦"' : •¦¦-*:'-.'- ":•". . ¦..- ' -¦ ; . .'. ¦ *
After some argument Wednesday: next
was selected ¦ and * the trial was set^ for
'that: day. ?¦ During the. trial ltris -certain
that Jacques will | deny | that - O'Hare I was
incompetent when he ; gave him -.the ' $72,
000 'wortbr of -property, rand "will endeavor
to prove that his present Incompetence, is
| due to the,effect3 of -drugs -administered
by- his present -custodians. -*¦. **, 'y ¦¦ n * . ¦¦:** -
CLAIMS O'HARE STJTFERS
FROM USE OF BELIiADONNA
• Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are spent every year nii
on the game of baseball, but large as this sura
is, it cannot begin to equal the amount spent
by people in search of health. There is a sur*
method of obtaining strength, and it is not a
costly one. i We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hostetter'3 Stomach
Bitters. It streasrthena the stomach, makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures dyspep
sia. constlDation. biliousness and weak kld
neys. . . - ¦ . * . ¦¦
- Seven furlong's — Custodian won. Benlcker
second. Flying Bess third. Time, 1:30.
Two miles. Walker' cup. steeplechase — Jack
Carey won. Arquebus!* second, Angus third.
Time, 4;43.
One mile— Free Lanca won, "Winepress sec
ond. Treckla third. Time, 1:44. -, *:*",-*
The children of the Buford Free Kinder
garten % spent a delightful day at -fGolden
Gate Park last 'Friday. Through the liber
aJityof'the Park Commisioners a bounti
ful-luncheon was provided and free enter
tainment extended in the way of rides on
the - merry-go-round and on ¦ the donkeys.
The Market-Street Railroad Company f ur
ri**hed. free transportation to the park:
Six pupils of this kindergarten graduated
recently with honor from the Burnett
Grammar School, two of them. receiving
medals for high. standing. .: •. ¦
Children Are Entertained.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— Fair Grounds sum
mary:
'. Four and a half ¦ furlon***-**— Ethylene . won.
Ruby Ray second, Miss . Wandelohr third.
Time, :58.- „ ".
Five furlongs— Kaffir won. Carat second.
Phonollte third. "'-Time,* 1:05%. '*
Six furlongs— Miss - Aubrey won. Our Lady
second. Birdie Stone third.- Time, 1:18%.-
One - mile, selling— Lee Bruno won, Sue
Johnson second. Admiral Schley third. Time,
'On© mile and twenty yards, seli'lnff— Satin
Coat won. Tea Gown second, - Alea third.
Mile and an eighth, selllnjc— Amelia Strath
more won. Guide » Rock second, - Rushflelds
third: Time. 1:58.
CINCINNATI, June 7.— Newport results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Stamp • won, NeU
Morris second," Durrell - third. Time, 1:23%. i
» Six' and a half furlongs, ' selling— Baronet
won, Prue Wood second, Amorosa third. Time,
1"22">4 • ' ' '
'"Four and a half furlongs, selling— Edna
Kenner won, Corlnne C second, Dr. Worth
Six* furlong's—^Grandma II won, Eva Wilson
second, Meggs third.* Time, 1:15%. *• .
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Dolly Wagner
won, Charles Estes second, Russian third.
She' furlonks.* sellins— By * George won, ' Bean
second." Allaire; third. Time, 1:15H. .
' NEW -YORK, June 7.— Gravesend' summary:
'. Five furlongs— Leondra Loring won, '" Somer
sault second. Ice Water third. -Time, 1:03. - :.
- Myrtle stakes, selling," mile and ' 70 j yards —
WINNING HORSES
IN EASTERN RACES
as only the beginning of the victories of
Cap and Bells II.
"Her victory to-day,-" he said, 'was one
of the easiest ever seen in the Oaks. She
is as good as anything seen on an English
race course since La Fleche." .
While a good deal of play takes place
on Saturdays, Sundays arid holidays' on
the Presidio links, no tournaments or
events of -general interest are, being
played, there. On Decoration day -there
was a handicap* over eighteen * holes,
match play, against, bogey, '.which : was
won by H. C. Golcher, Charles Page and
B. D. Adamson tying for second prize.
The tie was to have been played off last
Sunday, -but Charles Page was absent. It
may be decided this afternoon.
.-President J. W. Byrne of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club is in good form just now.
Last Saturday he beat L. O. Kellogg two
up on three rounds, and on Sunday ' he
defeated H. C. Golcher six up over
eighteen holes and L. O.' Kellogg one up
on nine holes. On Saturday J. W. Byrne
and . Li. O. Kellogg with their best ball
beat B. D. Adumson. Robert Johnstone,
the club professional, has been, over at
the San Rafael links playing with Alex
ander Bell. . .
On Decoration day the . qualifying
rounds' for the competition for the
Council's cup and Ladies' cup of the San
Rafael Golf Club were held, and on Sat
urday, June 1, the opening rounds at
match play took place. The final round
should be between E. J. ; McCutcheh, who
has already won .the trophy twice, and
R. G. Brown. If the cup is won thrice
by the same. player it becomes his prop
erty.
. In the first round at match play of the
contest for the Ladies' cup at San Rafael
Mrs. F. S. Jonr.son beat Miss Eleanor
Morrow eight up seven to play ;• Mrs. J. J.
Crooks defeated Mrs. S. G. Buckbee and
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown drew a bye. In
the second, round Mrs. F. S. Johnson met
Mrs. 3: J. Crooks and Mrs. R. G. Brown
again drew, a bye. The winner of the
Crcoks-Johnson match will meet Mrs. R.
G. Brown in the final round, and the cup
will probably become the property of
Mrs. Brown, who has already won it
twice. . ¦ . • ¦ . ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ .
* To-day on the links of the Sausallto
Golf Club there will be a tournament over
eighteen holes, medal play, for men, the
prize being a cup presented by Charles J.
Foster. The trophy must be won three
times before passing into the winner's
possession. The present holder is F. B.
Flndley. The new clubhouse will be of
ficially opened to-day. Next Saturday -a
team of Sausalito golfers will journey to
Oakland to play an elghteen-hole match
against a team of six class B men of the
Oakland Golf. Club, the return game to
be played later on the Fort Baker links.
On June 22 there will be a handicap tour
nament for men on the Sausalito course,
and on the Fourth of July mixed four
somes over nine holes, medal play.
MATCH GAMES ON
THE 60LF LINKS
. , Train Dispatchers Meet Monday. -
¦
7.The fourteenth annual, session of the
Train Dispatchers'- Association |of Amer
ica: will;be held in: this-city.'commencing
Monday. ' The meetings will; be. held -Vat
Red Men's Hall,'"320 Post street. It is'ex-.
pected that there,will be about one hun
dred ' delegates • present.'•; The main. party
will {arrive here ;on, Monday. In a special
train over, the Santa Fe road. : During the
meeting i the delegates: will ¦ be entertained
by their, local brethren.' An extensive pro
gramme has been arranged, including a
trip on the bay, a visit to- the
Iowa and an excursion to Santa Cruz. r '¦;
Kentucky, so she " was .American bred,
owned and ridden." :*v; .
Keene said he was not much of a gam
bler, but in this race he had put up a big
stake on' Cap and Bells II- and had told
all his friends to do the same. - T -
"There was not an American ; at the
course, whom I have heard of, that did
not put his money on Cap and Bells. II,"
he continued. ."She was not heard of in
the betting a few days ago and came
down from a long price to 9 to 4." ' i" ¦
: Croker,' although he had a horse in the
race, backed Cap and Bells II and numer
ous commissions . were cabled from New
York. . Mr. Keene is believed to have won
£10.000 in wagers. . He announced that
half of the £4500 purse would go. to Lon~
don hospitals and the rest to hospitals in
the United States. .
• To-day's triumph is regarded by Keene
Americans at Epsom All Win Money
. Cap and Bells U. ? •
LONDON, June 7.— "I am very proud to
be the first American to- win the'Oaks,"
said Keene. .- "I bred the filly myself in
KEENE FROTH) OF VICTORY.
Yf- ONDON, June 7.— Another of Brit-
II ain's great racing trophies has
I been captured by an American,
[I, .^ Foxhall P. Keene having "won
the j Oaks with Cap and V Bells,
ridden by Milton HenryV The owner,
horse and jockey \ are all thoroughbred
Americans, so .the victory was not di
luted, as it was in the case of the Derby.
Yesterday long odds were obtainable on
the American horse, but the odds short
ened - this morning until Cap and Bells
stood at the head of the list and started
at 9 to 4 sgainst. The hollowness of the
victory detracted from the interest in .the
race.
The conditions of the race *wer§ as fol
lows: The Oaks stakes of £4500, by sub
scription of £50 each, for three-year-old
fillies, to carry 126 pounds each, about one
mile and a half. The following was the
result in detail: ¦'¦. \
Foxhall P. Keene's bay or brown filly
Cap and Bells II. Domino-Ben Mychree,
flrst; Lord Ellesmere's. brown filly St.
Brinetta, Kilwarlin-Sabra, second; Rich
ard Croker's bay. filly Minnie Dee, Fitz-
Simon-Kir;g's Daughter, third. Twenty
one horses ran.
- Great Day for Americans. ;
_ Noonday II, the winne'r's stable com
panion, ridden by Turner, led to the
stretch, where Marchioness and Arta fell
back and Cap and Bells 1J. drew to the
front and won in a 1 canter by six lengths.
Two lengths separated the- second and
third horses.
The betting was: Cap and Bells II, 9 to
4 against; Sabrinetta, 50 to 1 against; Min
nie Dee, 10 to 1 against.
C. Jenkins rode Sabrlnetta and L. Reiff
had the mount on Minnie Dee, another
American-bred- horse, owned . by Richard
Croker. So altogether the race furnished
extraordinary proof of the superior ability
of American breeders, trainers and jock
eys. ¦
Punctilio.' a chestnut filly owned. by Sir
E. Vincent and ridden by Lester Reiff,
won the Acorn stakes of £1000, for two
year-old fillies,' at five furlongs. Fourteen
horses ran.
Charities , to Get Winnings.
NEW YORK,. June 7.— James R. Keene
announced to-day that the Oaks stakes,
won by Keene to-day in. England, will be
distributed - among certain charities. T/he
amount is $24,000 approximately. One
half of the money is to' be distributed in
this . country and one-half to English
charities. • . •
•— 1
OAKLAND EACE.TBACK — Friday,
.. June 7, 1901.— Weather fine. ¦ Track
fast.
25GO. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; pui^e, $300. ' . -
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vz- %. Fin.
2559 Homestake. a. 109.Bassrll 4 4 3 h 1 h
2344 Lily lllggs.* 3. 96.Fauntly 5 1 hi 1 tt ' 2 %
2£42 Pldalla. 4, 107 Prior 6 3 2. 2 1*4 3 5
2198 -Kath. Ennls. 3, 106.Al*tdr 4 2 2 4 % 4 1%
2542 Marlneuse, 3, 98.... Hoar 8 7 2 SH 52,
2523 Sea Spray, a, 113. ...Ruiz 1 5H 5 % 6 1
2518 San Aug'stne.5, lll.Fery 3 9 1 10 2 7 hi
2554 Ravino, 3. 98.McDermott 7 8 1- 9*i 8 1
2554 Commuter, 3. 103. ..Collls 2 10 6 M, 9 1
2514 Pongo, 6.. 111... Guiterrez 9 6 1 Tl 10 6
24S3 Arion. 3. OS Treanorl2 12 11 1 11 VA
2530 Enjoyment. 4, 107.BozmnlO 11 4 12 ' 12
Time— M. ' :24Vi: >4. :49"4: %, ' l:15U. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner. F.
Quigley's b. in. by Brown Fox-Homeless.
Homestake beet. IMggs had speed. Pidalia
ran a fair race.
Betting— Homestake, 6; LJly Dlggs, 8: Pi
dalia. 10; Katherine Ennts, 7; Marineuse, 7;
Sea Spray, 3: San Augustine. 15; Ravino, 30;
Commuter. 30; Pongo. 6; Arion. 100; Enjoy
ment, 20.
2567. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs ; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, $3C0. . . • • ;* -
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. »i. Str. Fin.
2588 Post Bell. 107.. Guiterrez 4 12 ... 1 «i
2495 Cousin Sue, 107 Power 2 3 ">4 ... 2 1*4
2119 Rbt Bonner II, 107.Fogg 9 4 \i ... 3H
2464 Sue Robinson, 107.BozmnlO 2 1V& ... 4 1 .
2I138 Daweo'n. 107....Basslnger 8 6 1 ... • 5 1'
2495 Priam, 107 .Prior 7 * 5 1 ... 6 M
2163 Silva Cruz. HO.Alexandrll 8 1 ... 7 1
2S4S Addle D, 112 Dingley 6 7 2 ...-8 3
2:31 Cathello, 107..J. McCarty 3 9 1 ... 9 1
2441 Hard Night. 110 Hoarl2 10 10 ... 10 15
.... Sleping Child,- 107. Thorns 1 11 10 ... 11 20 .
2E13 Arthur Ray. 113 Ruiz 5 12 10 .:. 12 25
2513 Resin.- 110 i ....Brodienl3 13 . ... 13
Time— "4, :24«J; %, :5<Ht' • Fair start. Won
first three driving. Winner, S. Merrlweather's
br. f. by Puryear D-Mlss Douglas II. Post
Bell ran away from her field. Robinson stop
ped badly. Bonner' s race fair. So was Daw
son' s.
Betting— Post Bell, 12; Cousin Sue, 15; Robert
Bonner II, 60; Sue Robinson. 30; Dawson. 5:
Priam. 20; Silva Cruz, 2; Addle D. 100; Ca
thello. 7: Hard Night, 6; Sleeping Child. 100;
Arthur Ray, 4; Resin. 20.
25GS. THIRD RACE^-Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up"; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. ',4.* Str.- Fin.
2555 Odd Eyes. 5, 109.Guiterrz 1 11 12 1','
2530 Yule 6, 103 Bassinger 6 9 8 3 h 2 1%
2545 F. Woods. 4, 119. Romero 3 . 6 «* 2 M 3 1
2559 Sweet Voice. 4. 107. Hoar 2 2 n 4 1 4 h
2554 Slsquoc. 4, 119.J.McCarty 4 -5 h 5 1 5 5
2542 Carlonian. 3. 1C2... .Prior 7 3 \k 7 1 6 1%
2542 Tlnk. Tinkle, 3. 96.Faunt 5 4 1 8 2 7 IVi
2559 J. Rich'lu Jr.. 3.98.Shehn 8 7^ 6 U 82
2.-49 Abbyl'x L, 4. 112.Tampln 9 10 S 6 9 8
2530 Auriffera, a, 112.I>ingleylO S 1 10 10
Time— U. :24' / 4; M, :49>>4; %. 1:15. Good start.
Won llrst three driving. Winner. Mrs. E. J.
Swarts's b. m. by Imp. Stromboli-Lake County.
Odd Eyes best. Tule closed stoutly. jSigquoc
badly cut on* on first turn. Scratched— Bagdad
119. Bonitary 96. •
Betting— Odd Eyes, 7-5: Yule, 5; Frank
Woods, 9-2; Sweet Voice. 25; Slsquoc, 25; Car-
Ionian, 10; Tinkle Tinkle, 12; Jack Richelieu
Jr. 100; Abbyleix L, 80; Auriffera, 50.
256O. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling;
three- year -olds; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V 2 - Str. Fin.
2545 Matilda O. 3, 105..Guitrz 5 1 h 1 l!i 1 4
2546 Lucera. 3. 103 Bergen 17 8 4 1 2 Vz
(2554)C. Santa, 3, 105..Alexdr 2 3 1V4 2 % 3 2
2553 The GafHr, 3, lOo.Basgr 7 5 Va 5 n 4 IV:
2G45 Thracia, 3, 103 Hoar 4 3n 3 >,j 5 3
"2T.45 T. Cross. 3, 106.. .Power 3*4 2 6 2 6 1.
2543 Follow Me, 3. 10o..Collis 6 6 >&. 7 4 7 1".
2537 M. Cal, 3. 107..Bozeman 8 '8 8 8
Time— V*. :25U: V=. "50; ,*5i, 1:16« mile. l:42Vi.
Good start. Won easily. . Second and third
driving. Winner. H. C. Ahler's ch. f. by Rio
Bravo- Katrinka. Matilda galloped away from
her field from the far turn. Lucera closed
stoutly after being taken out of the race from
the start. Thracia short.
Betting— Matilda O, 7-2; Lucera, S; Ccrro
Santa 6; The Gafflr, 13-5: Thracia. 8; Triple
Cross,' 13; Follow Me, 30; Master Cal, .6. ;
257O. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; handicap; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. \i. Str. Fin.
(2331)Jarretlere d'Or, 113.Ruiz 2 1 % 1 *Vi 1 2Vs
2544 Torso Maid, 103.... Hoar 3 2 1V4 2 5 2%
f2344)Vasallo. 109 ..Alexander 4 3 3 3
2556 Lento, 96 Fauntleroy 1 •
2534 Royalty, 104 ..Bassinger 5 •
2551 Louwelsea, 117.Guiterrez 6 •
Time-3-16. :19; V*. :24%; >4. :5l; 5V4C I:™-
Good start. Won easily. Second driving.
Winner, Atkln & T^ottrldge's b. g. by imp.
Golden Garter-Rlcardo. A mixup at half mile
and three horses fell. Vasallo was knocked
out of the race. It was easy for Jarretlerre
d'Or after that. • Scratched— Carlo 121.- »Fell.
Betting — Jarretiere d'Or, 4; Torso Maid. 4;
Vasallo. 4; Lento, SO; Royalty,* 12; Louwel
sea, 7-5.
2571. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2553 Merops, 5, lll.Alexander 2 2 h 1 V/k 1 2*6
(2525) Alicia, a, 113 Ruiz 4 3 UJ 3 n 2 3
25J7 L. Girl, a, 109.McGarty 3 4 2 4 8 3 3
2524 Rinaldo, 6. Ill Hoar 5 1 2% 2 % 4 4
¦ 2565 Einstein, 6, llL.Basngr 15 5.-5
Time— 100 yds, :06: U. :25; Vt, :49; %. 1:15%:
ro, 1:42; 1 m 100 yds, .1:48.* Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving. Winner,
George Miller's ch. g. by imp. Brutus-Maria.
Merops ran up to his work. Alicia was an
chored by the weight. Rinaldo quit badly.
Betting— Merops, 5-2; Alicia, 2; Lost Girl,
5-2; Rinaldo, 7; Einstein, 10.
READY FOR THE
BIG ROAD RACE
The annual twenty-five mile handicap
road race of the California Associated
Cyclists will be' held to-morrow morningr
ever the San Leandro triangle, starting at
10 o'clock.. ; Riders, officials and specta
tors will go over on the 8:30 broad gauge
boat. The entries and handicaps were
published in Thursday's Call.
Thtre will also be a meet at. the Elm
hurst track on the San Leandro electric
road to-morrow afternoon, the main event
being a match race at five miles between
Fred G. West of the Bay City Wheelmen
and John E. Wing of the Garden City
Wheelmen. There will also be a half
mile novice, two-mile motor cycle and
one-mile handicap for amateurs.
The Bay City Wheelmen hald a very
successful picnic run to Lake . Pilafcitos
last Sunday, forty-five members attend
ing, Under the leadership of Captain A. E.
J.,Nye. E. B. Wastie, Tony Delmas and
Lace Downing of the Garden City Wheel
men and Fred Evans of the Reliance r*lub
also attended as guests of the club, j The
roads were in splendid "condition.
The- lip v Citys ¦ will ¦ hold their annual
midsummer smoker and jinks- to-night at
the clubhouse, 441 Golden Gate avenue.
Handball Tournament.
There was a large attendance last night
at the handball tournament now in prog
ress at the San Francisco handball alley.
Raymond Murphy defeated W. Fisher by
a score of 51 to 46. Morris Levy defeated
Mr. McDonnell by a score of 51 to 42. An
exhibition game between J. Rlordan and
Al Hampton vs. J. White and M. Maguire
resulted in a victory for the former by a
score of 18-21-21 to 21-1&-18.
EASTERN GAMES
ON THE DIAMOND
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. June 7.-Chicaso defeated Phila
delphia to-day by better play in the field and
with the stick. Attendance, 4000. Score.
Clubs- , . *• »• - *
Chicago J V l \
Philadelphia *
Batteries-Menefee andKling: Duggleby and
Doucla6S. Umpire— Dwyer.
ST LOUIS, June 7.— Powell was an enigma
to Boston for five innings, while we won his
own game at the bat. Attendance, 2a00. Score:
Cl.b*- i B. H.
I I *
Batteries-Powell and Ryan: Nichols and
Kittrldpe. Umpire— Cunningham.
CINCINNATI, June 7.— Newton gave eleven
bases on balls, but was always steady with
men on the bases. Attendance. 3600. Score:
Clubs- ; ' R- " H. . E
Cincinnati • £ *
New York -' 2 5 - . }
Batteries— Newton and Bergen; Doheny and
Bowerman. Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURG, June 7.— It was Tannehill's
off "day and Chesbro relieved him In the fourth.
He gave two hits In the fourth and one in the
eleventh. Donovan was also a puzzler. Pitts
burg won by Kelley's and Heeler's errors. At
tendance, 25C0. Score: *
d-^b5- R. II. E.
Plttsburs 5 11 2
Brooklyn 4 7 3
Batteries— Tannehill. Chesbro and Zlmmer;
Donovan and Farrell. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE, June 7.— The Baltimores won
from Cleveland to-day, pulling- ' the game out '
of the fire in the seventh. Attendance, 812.
Score:
. Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore ......10 12 5
Cleveland 9 11 '3
Batteries— McGlnnity and Bresnahan; Moore
and Wood.
WASHINGTON/ June 7.— Chicasro defeated
Washington throurh heavy batting and Grif
fith's excellent- work in ths box. The visitors'
hit Carrlck hard. Attendance, 3400. Score:
Cl'-bs— ' ¦ -' K. " H. : E.
Washington .' 4 ' 7* -5>
Chit£5O ...' ...15 17: 7
Batteries-Carrlck . and Clark: : Griffith and
Sullivan. . ; ¦»
BOSTON, June . 7. — Boston ' won to-day In the
Breaks Record at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, June 7.— In a mile compe
tition race on the eight-lap track at' the
• Salt Palace to-night Iver Lawson of-Chi
cago, made the distance in 1:55 4-5. - This
establishes a new world's record for the
distance in a competition race.
Clarence Mackay Buys a Colt.
CHICAGO, • June 7.— An agent . of Clar
ence Mackay Has' bought of John Rode
gap a two-year-old colt by- Wagner-
Bonnie Bird. The price is said to have
been $6000. ¦• " •' . • ¦•, ¦. '
eighth, scoring three runs on a wild throw by I
Connor and. four singles.- Captain Duffy, was
presented with a ¦ silver • lovlnjr-cup. r- . Attend- >
anco, 50C0. Score: . \ '• ¦ '
; Clubs- ,• - . ; R. H. ;E.'
Boston 4' ' i,'4
Milwaukee ...:.'.. ....v.......r.r.:.;. 2 0 ; 6. ¦* ., v 3
¦Batteries— Young and Schreck; >'Refdy and
Connor.' . * *¦ "•^"*-'^!§l&>*^ffi3SSSp
Sixth race— Mile and seventy yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
2561 First Shot Ill (2560)Har. Thatcher.lll
(2547)Cromwell 118 2553 Jim McCleevy.,113
2560 Rainier Ua 2557 Rio Chico 115
Probable "Winners.
First race— Torsida, Hohenlohe, Canejo.
Second race— Sir Hampton. Mission. Rio de
Altar.
Third race— Glendenning*. Escalante, Parl
zade.
Fourth race— Vantlne. Princess Tltanla, Ral
ston.
Fifth, race— Byron Rose, Good Hope. Rey
Dare. - .
Sixth race— Cromwell, Harry Thatcher, Rio
Cnico. •
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; handicap:
2558 Donator 99| 2558 Montallade .•••112
<2550)Byron Rose 1C*! <2521)Rey Dare 107
2550 Grafter 96! 2511 The Miller 103
(25S2)Good Hope 102.
Fourth race— Futurity course: three-year-olds
and up; eelling:
<256<)Princ. Titanla..l05- (2355) Ralston llo
2552Vantlne 113 2526 Duckoy 103
2546 Foul Play 107 2550 Gibraltar US
1391 Sweet Caporal.lOil 2555 Nullah 107
Second race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up: selling:
.... Marinella 113 2536 I Dt. Know.. ..109
2562 Cath. Bravo.. ..105 2555 Rio de Altar.. .104
2527 Mission 1W 2564 Mountain Dew.107
asi George Dewey..l01 2366 Sir Hampton.. .112
2555 Beau Monde.. ..IIS 2564 Clarando 107
2557 Flamero 109
Third race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; Belling: i
2544 Hainault 89 (253l)Parlzade 93
2556 B. C. Greene. ..106 (2501)Escalante 106
2570 Torso Maid IDT. <2534)GlendennlnK ...103
2544 Irma A 99 2556 Black Cloud. ...102
2563 Snowberry 105
AN- accident occurred in the fifth
tsce at Oakland yesterday which
ended In the spilling of three
jeekcys and made a general pile
of hoises and boys on the far
turn of the track. It was in the five and
a half furious race and was due to the
reckless rough riding of the jockeys.
Guiterrez on Louwelsea, Bassinger on
Royalty and Fcuntleroy on Lento fell in
a heap, Guiterrez sustaining the greatest
injuries, but which were not pronounced !
serious by the attending physlcianr Bas
singer was the least damaged of the three
jockeys.
"With Louwelsea, the favorite, out, Jar
retierre d'Or walked in, Torso Maid get
ting the place and Vasallo the show.
Royalty and Lento went down together
and Louwelsea, a few lengths back,
could not escape the wreck and joined
the pile.
There were op even dozen in the first
i ace and more than half of them were
played. Sea Spray being a 3 to 1 favorite.
Homestake went over the six furlongs
fast enough to beat out the rest, coming
up from behind, and by a strong finish
under Bassinger s bat passed Lillie Diggs
and Pidalia Just before the wire was
reached.
A bunch of thirteen maiden two-year
olds got away in the second race in a good
start, Post Bell at 15 to 1 leading all the
way and capturing the first money.
Cousin Sue made the place and Robert
Bonner the show.
Odd Eyes, with Guiterrez In the saddle,
smiled sweetly and cantered around the
six-furlong course, leaving all others in
the rear. When the paddock was reached
Frank Woods bounded out. of the pack,
passing Sweet Voice and Carlonian, who
held the second position, and came under
the wire for the place. Frank Woods
also spurted and took the show money.
Guiterrez's third win was on Matilda
O in the mile event, the fourth on the
card. Soon after the start Matilda O.went
out and won by four lengths, Lucera, rid
den by Bergen, getting the place from
Cerro Santa. Matilda O was backed from
5 to 7 to 2.
Rinaldo started out to end quickly the
last race, over the mile course, but died
at the stretch. Alicia, the favorite, fin
ished strongly but could not overtake
Merops, who passed to the front when
Rinaldo stopped short. Lost Girl got the
show.
To-Day r s Entries.
First race— Mile and seventy yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
25C0 Senator Matte.. 105! 256S Yule 103
2560 Hohenlohe 113 2545 Canejo 109
2549 William F 101 2561 Kastaine 103
2558 Torsida WSl 2349 Faunette 103
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Gutierrez, After Winning Three Races, Sustains
the Heaviest Injuries— Choices Have Another
Day of General Suffering arid Books -Flourish
TWO-YEAR-OLDS AND JOCKEYS
SPILLED ON THE OAKLAND TRACK
' EOTHESAY, Firth of Clyde, June 7.—
The Glasgow expedition regatta opened
to-day. • The yachts started, in a brisk
northwest breeze over a course in the
form of a" square, lying between the Isl
and^ of.Bule and Mirchshire, giving a fair
trial on all points of sailing. Twice round
the course and a "distance" and I back
made a total of fifty miles sailed. ; _
The race, was divided into two parts,
both having special '. points of Interest for
Americans. In the first division Sham
rock I was pitted against the best single
stickers in • British . waters. She was
heavily, handicapped ;'*' under the British
racing rules, giving the Meteor forty-five
minutes thirty-nine seconds; the Sybar
ita, ¦ forty-two minutes thirty-four sec
onds, and the Kariad forty-seven minutes
four seconds. ¦ ' .
Interest in the second race centered in
Charles F. Herreshofl Jr.'s new cutter
Nevada. She was designed with little' re
gard for the restrictions of the British
racing rules, and it was said that, If suc
cessful, she would either set the fashion
for British designing or force the Racing
Association to materially modify ... the
measurement rules. Her competitors, the
Lais, Carina and Tutty, were fairly rep
resentative . of the .work . of . British build
ers two seasonsago. ' - v ; ' "•
.The representatives , of -the four big
yards were sent off with full light weath
er canvas to a capital start. The Kariad;
Meteor and Sybarita were beam and beam
with the Shamrock I half a length astern.
They had an- easy flve-mile reach to the
first mark. When the former cup chal
lenger turned the first mark she led the
Meteor and the Kariad . by , half a min
ute and the Sybarita by one minute twen
ty-fcur seconds. When the next leg was
fixed the Shamrock I led the Sybarita by
one minute forty-four seconds, the Meteor
by four minutes and the Kariad by over
ten minutes. . The wind then softened and
the i>ace slackened.
In the other class the Nevada was well
placed at the start, and rah ahead and
passed the second mark one minute "and
thirty seconds ahead of the Carina, two
minutes ahead of the Tutty. and nearly
three minutes ahead of the Lais.
; On the last leg of the. first round Sham
rock I showed well and" she* passed the
mark nine minutes and, fifty, seconds be
fore the Sybarita, which, was two minutes
and thirty-eight seconds ! ahead of the
Meteor. On the second leg of the second
round the Shamrock was hopelessly be
calmed off Cumbrae Island, and all three
of her rivals passed her there.
After having sailed half of the first
round In good style the Nevada was pass
ed by the Tutty and the Carina, and was
third to finish- the round, nine minutes and
nine seconds after the Tutty.
The Sybarita's time at the . finish was
7 hours 14 minutes 34 seconds. She won
both ' prizes — time and first . to finish-
Others were far astern. The Meteor's
time at the finish was 7:42:56: the 1 Ka
riad's 7:47:02, and the Shamrock's 7:47:3G.
Although the wind freshened a trifle, the
former cup challenger -was hopelessly be
hind. The Nevada won- the race for 65
footers. covering the course in 9:25:17.
None of her competitors has yet been
sighted.
SHAMROCK SHOWS SPEED
Representative Boats of Four
Big Yards Are in the
•Sail
FAMOUS YACHTS
IN COMPETITION
NEAR GLASGOW
Th9 inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late James -R. Dickey was
filed .yesterday. The appraisers fix the
value of decedent's estate at $$703 ZZ.
James K. DickW's Estat?.
Samuel W. Cheyney. clubman and min
ing engineer, must answer the complaint
filed by Maud Cheyney to compel him to
support her and Jp establish the validity
«f_ iier marriage. A demurrer to- Mrs.
C5kayp.oy's complaint was overruled by
Jucge Sloss yesterday and Cbeyney was
given t en days to answer.
Cheyney Must Answer.
The success of the California Inanimate
Target Association tournament was the
topic of conversation among g-un men
during the past, week. The splendid work
cf Otto Feudner was a feature of the
tournament. Otto has taken up pistol
shooting, but devotes most of h!s time at
the traps. He is one of the best shots in
the State. His two brothers arc also de
veloping into clever trap-shooters.
Trap^ shooters will be out in force to
morrow. Nearly every gun club has ar
ranged matches for the day. Bluerocks
and live birds will be shot at by the ex
perts.
The Olympic Gun Club will grass live
birds at Ingleside and the San Francisco
Gun Club will shatter bluerocks at the
same place. The Empire Gun Club has a
Fboot over at Alameda Point. The mem
bers of that organization will break blue
rocks.
Will Grass Live Birds.
SACRAMENTO. June 7.— The wildest
game of the season was won by Sacra
mento to-day, the score standing: 12 to 5
in their favor. Hale started to do the
honors for Los Angeles, but in the third,
after three straight hits had been made,
his feet got cold and Hartwell went into
the box. Stricklett smashed his first ef
fort into a single and then Hartwell be
gan to walk men, four getting bases and
two runs being forced in. He finished the
pame, but walked eleven men, while
Doyle, who officiated for Sacramento,
pave ten bases on balls, making a total
of twenty-two men who reached first on
the wildness of the pitchers. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BIL SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofE. cf 3 112 3 0 0
Householder. rf....S 1 0 0 1 0 0
Keilly. Sb S 0 1 0 0 4 0
Fpics. c , 5 110 6 10
Hutrhlnson, lb 2 2 1 1 10 1 1
Reitr. 2b 2 0 0 0 4 0 1
Kelly, es 2 0 0 1-1 5 1
Bowman, If 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hale, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Hartvrell, p 3 0"0 0 0 • 1 0
Totals 30 5 4 4 27 12 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
"Overeaux. es 4 2 2 12 11
Mclaughlin. If 2 4 14 0 0 1
Courtney. 2b S 1 3 0 6 1 1
Doyle, p 5 14 0 2 4 0
MoOucken. cf 6 0 112 0 0
Hanlon. lb 5 1 1 0 11 2 1
Stricklett, rf 5 1113 10
Kheehan, Cb -J 1 1 0 0 4 0
Carter, c 3 10 0 110
Totals S3 12 14 7 27 14 4
RUNS AND -HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 13010000—5
Base hits 111001000—4
Sacramento 10220331 0—12
JJase bits 20310232 1—14
SUMMARY. .
Runs responsible for— Hale 3. Hartwell 7,
Doyle 1. Two-base hits— Courtney, Hanlon,
S-heehan. Sacrifice hits— Devereaux, Reitz 2.
Kiret base on errors— Los Angeles 3, Sacra
mento 2. Flirt base on called ballfs— Oft Hale
1, off Hartwell 11, off Doyle 10. Left on bases—
Ijgs Angeles 10. Sacramento 13. Struck out—
By Hartwell 6. by Doyle 1. Double play— Kelly
to Hutchinson. Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of
game — Two hours and twenty-five minutes.
Umpire— O'Cbnnell: Scorer— Rutherford.
Pitchers Lose Their Eye.
Totals .34 4 6 0 27 14 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INJCIXGS.
Oakland 1 21121000—8
Base hits 11123010 1—10
San Francisco 0 00210010—4
Base hits 1 002 20010—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Ibure 2. Three base
hit — Dunleavy. Two base hits — Decker. Dun
leavy. Norflyke, Lohman (2). Sacrifice hits—
iJrennan, Moskiman. First base on errors-
Oakland 4. San Francisco 1. First base on
called balls— Oakland 5. San Francisco 2. Left
on bases— Oakland 10. San Francisco 6. Struck
out — By Iburg:. 3: by Moskiman. 4. Hit by
pitcher— Decker. Passed ball— Lohman. Time
of game — Two hours five minutes. Umpire —
Tyler. McFarland, official scorer.
Totals 37 6 10 5 =7 IS 2
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. If 5 10 0 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 0 10 0 3 1
ICrug. be 4 2 2 0 0 2 2
Pabst., lb 4 1 1 0 14 1 1
McCarthy, cf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Nordvke. rf 3 0 10 10 0
J. Reilly, Sb 4 0 0 0 4 4 1
Graham, c 4 0 10 4 11
Xbure. p 3 0*0132
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Punleavy. U 4 12 0 2 0 0
Urennan. cf 4 10 0 2 0 0
Streib. rf 4 110 10 0
Mobkiman. p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Arrellanes. 2b S 1 1 0 1 4 0
Francks. ss 4 2 2 2 3 2 1
Moore. Sb 5 0 0 10 4 1
Lohman. c 4 13 2 4 10
Dicker. 1b 3 1 1 0 13 0 0
should have been canned," "a crustacean"
and "a man whose lamps were out and
who could not tell a strike on a fair
house." Tyler bore the badinage without
a murmur, but time and again he threat
ened to fine a player for doubting his de
cisions.
The umpire was not entitled to all the
unpleasant things said of him. It is true
his decisions at times were faulty. He
was erratic, and did not know whether he
was refereeing- a game of marbles or the
national game. His plight was due to the
players' constant kicking. He tried to
satisfy both sides and the spectators in
cluded, but made a failure. When he gets
over his apparent nervousness he may be
aceerleble. but at present his work is un
satisfactory.
The Dutch played ball with as much In
terest as a man has in a game of cro
quet. Eight errors attest the kind of ball
they played yesterday. It was an off day
with the men from over the Rhine, and
every one but themselves knew it.
Oakland put up a surprisingly good ar
ticle. Even old man Decker forgot his
"eharley-horse" and got into the game.
Pete Lohman had his batting eye with
him and slammed the- ball in every corner
of the lot. Dr. Moskiman occupied the
slab for Oakland and he filled the position
to the satisfaction of every one but
the Dutch. He held the latter down
to six swats. Iburg was afflicted with a
feeling of lassitude and never tried to ex
ert himself. He allowed four men to
walk in the second and was touched up
for ten slams. The following score ex
plains the defeat of the locals:
OAKLAND.
A small boy with a shrill voice enliv
ened the game between the Dudes and
Dutch yesterday by making apt criticisms
of Umpire Tyler. But for his presence
the game "would have lost Its flavor and
the spectators their interest. The youth
took his cue from the players, and during
the nine rounds of indifferent baseball
pelted the holder of the indicator with a
choice selection of adjectives. In the lad's
opinion the umpire was a "peach that
Some Blunders.
Umpire Tyler Has an Attack
of Nerves and Makes
DUDES DEFEAT THE DUTCH
OAKLAND'S TEAM
EASILY TAKES A
GAME FROM UNCLE
- -¦„ .. j.-.- r . - ...... ¦ - • ¦¦•-.•--¦.: -. ¦ i ¦
THE SAN FKANqiSCO'CAEL, * SATTJBDAT^: JUNE 1901^
5
Cured While
ou Sleep
In Fifteen Days
*• Grmn-SolTent" d'-isolres Stricture ll*e snow b*»
oe»th tbe ran. reduces Knlarged Prostate moM
strengthens tbe Seminal Dncts, siopplacDxalas mm§
Krolsatons In fifteen Days. , '
Ho dram to ruin the stomsen. bat» dlreetloeal
ud poslvlrc application toHtteentireurethr.il tr*cv
Gnn-Soltent Is not a liquid. It Is prewiredI »•
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and UezlM*
tAd so DkRCw as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
T»e St. Janes Assn_ Box KS4. Cincinnati. O. In*
•repared at (treat expense an exhan»«- rnppl
We Illustrntert Treatise upon tbe male LULL |
•ystem. which tb**-* wlU send t» aay T n rr 1
utalo applicant, • . ¦!.!¦»¦¦
ST J1WFS ASS1V 250 ELM ST-
31. JAJ1CJ A3jr>.. . Cincinnati, Ohio.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeatJ
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
A CJ i:51H13ZXTSS.ltt.8:i«».S.rai.4
C^T The Lar^nt Anatomical Museum in the \
« MCBlV&b^ ' World. Weaknes^en or any contracted m
V , ffjgaB disease |KJ»l«i»^*7 carad hy th» oldest T
Ig a; 1 Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 years. 0
i $¥*** DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ Wti&Ebu Consultation free and strictly private. \
m M JUa H Trsarment personally or by teller. A Q
T R HT ifl U rofitivt Cart in e»ery case undertaken. ' Y
m9u \m Write for Bnok. pni-LOf«umY»r A
f I II Ml ntnnUGE. mailed freh. (at
\ . I .'valuable book for nirn) : . \
V f>3- JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 Market Ht.; 3. F. "
o^^sflHBC^tKt. ¦ EJs O Is a non-poisoTiom)
44*U|S9Pll'VGQk^9 remed; (or (Jonorrhrea,
Gleet. 3 permatfvrhot %,
jMVi n i to j d.r»X3 White*", annittnrtl dij.
JMbW Ouaranteed W chargf . or any indamma-
Kf ao( ta itrletore. tion, i ritation or nlcera-
[»~«gfr«rtnu eoaimgion. tion -f "nnconi mem'
j IrTSln-sEvAHsCHEM-cuCo. b" D"-^ No"'atll!!?5^ IU
n a • or sent in plain wrapper,
38Blk5 t^-B fcy "Prw". Prepaid, for
<-t?lH^^iB^-tf'&>a 81-CO. or Z bottle*, U.73.A CHANCE TO SMTLE;
Bill— A few days ago. on a scientific test;
a woilser.ln rnetnla- succeeded in drawing
a penny out into 5700 feefof wire. 'v *
.Jill— And yet they say a penny; used- ta
go further than ' it does now.— Ycnkfer3
Statesman.
, • ( .:¦». ¦ . -»"V -S
Bill— You say Governor Odell used to be J
an iceman? 3
Jill— That's what he did. , "
"Well.' I hope he wasn't lying in -weight
for Platt then."— Yonkers Statesman.
.Bill— Did you «ay Gill had fought for hli
country? . ¦ ' * ' £
Jill — Yes. I flirt. He married an English*
woman, urho frequently tries to run down
American institutions.— Yonkers States
man.
"The parrots are not the only birds that
talk, papa,, are they?" - J
"I believe so, my son."
~ "I thought you said the robins tell "as
when the spriajr has come?"— Tonkers
Statesman.:. ' -. .-,..•-
;' Sir Alfred ;Milner.has been made a : peer by King
Edward,*, and if ' that that he is to' be .'promoted
out of his j ob in South Africa- it ;' will ¦ doubtless be
satisfactory to all concerned. - ;:, * - :-
'The twelve scientists who Jvyere.ea.ten. the other day
by/.the, cannibals ; of/ St. Matthias (Island \ had at -. least
the i melancholy , satisfaction .of^knowing ; that 1 they
reached the inside ; of things. : .
The messenger boys of Los Angeles are to receive
double pay for carrying trays of food. /This may mean
that. patrons of these followers ;6f ; Mercury are to pay
double rates for the privilege'of starving' to death. ;
pit is to^be; hoped ¦•that the ilocal undertakers v who
quarreled the other r day for possession \ of the dead
body of a man share the disgust which their action
created in the* minds of everybody 'else, v ; <
.The susceptible widow of this city who parted her
self from considerable money to advance the balloon
schemes. of a, confidence operator ought to charge her
losses to "hot air," a.ne\v phase of, operative scoun
dreliem'.' ? ; - • .
,. Belgium has reversed in a remarkable degree the
general order of things and has demonstrated the ad
vantage of being little. Because she is a pigmy the
big nations of Europe have solemnly agreed to per
petuate her independence.
• The lawmakers of the State of Washington appear
to be making a bid for the immigration of murderers.
Late legislative enactments make it extremely, diffi
cult if not impossible to hang persons guilty of capi
tal'offenses. . ¦ '.. ¦ ; ¦.¦•'.. . ; , k
One incident of the presence of smallpox there has
been the mistake of confusing the Blind Asylum at
Berkeley with the Adult Blind Home, several miles
away, in Oakland. In the latter there has been no
smallpox or other contagious disease, but the people
have been almost afraid to pass it in the street cars.
As the Adult Blind Home is a manufacturing institu
tion its commerce has suffered somewhat from this
error of confusing it with the Blind Asylum. As the
actual sufferers and the adult blind victims of the mis
take are all deserving objects of the humane purposes
of the people, the press and health authorities should
take some pains to correct the erroneous impression.
The remote cause of these smallpox epidemics should
put every, one on guard against handling army tents
and other articles from the Philippines, and the quar
termaster should especially guard against the sale of
old tents. This is the camping season in California,
and the romance that hangs about an army tent that
has seen service. prompts many to buy one, only to
find that romance and the smallpox share it between
them. --¦;"
In other cases the disease was transmitted- bv
souvenirs and articles for personal use sent home by
tofdiers and others from Manila. The most consider
able outbreak of the disease in this State was in the
Deaf, Dumt) and Blind Asylum at Berkeley. Among
the students and others there have been seventy-nine
cases of smallpox and varioloid, and there are now
under detention sixty-two cases. The State Board of
Health has just inspected the situation there, and finds
such skillful creditable management by the .of
ficers of the institution and the local health officers
that no death has occurred and none of the remain
ing cases will result fatally. The institution has no.
hospital facilities, and the care, labor and caution re
quired to manage such an epidemic are almost beyond
computation. That the management has been so
skillful and the results so satisfactory is the highest
praise the officers could have. Where so many defec
tive children are massed together there should be
ample hospital accommodations. An invasion of the
juvenile contagious diseases, measles, scarlet fever and
mumps, is always to be apprehended, and an epidemic
can be prevented only by isolation in a hospital.
r> MALLPOX is prevalent all over the United
States. Every large city has, or has recently had,
many cases of the disease. It is due to our in
creased intercourse with our tropical islands. In the
tropics this terror of the temperate zone is not feared
as much as we fear the measles. It is a common thing
hi the Philippines to see women covered with small
pox pustules selling fruit on street stands, and men
and children with the disease going about as if no"thing
were the matter. It is practically impossible to mingle
with the population in the tropics without getting
smallpox germs in one's clothing. Several out
breaks in this country have been traced to the use of
old army tents from the Philippines, sold to people
who desire them for camping or for use as playhouses
by children.
PREVALENCE OF SMALLPOX.
The gentle Illinois pastime of shooting peace" of
ficers, in the back appears to be. growing into a habit
which ought to 1>e eliminated from the^social code of
the'State. .
The red. men of Wyoming evidently share the
opinion'of many white men of what constitutes a good
Indian. The savages are planning an uprising, and
there is nothing to indicate that they do not thor
oughly understand the consequences. .
One of the reorganizes in a recent letter to /'the
Nebraska Independent said: "The proper thing to
do is to form a new party, right here in Nebraska for
the State- only, and call it the American party. .' The
platform should" contain money, transportation and a
plank against trusts, against imperialism, favor the
ownership of the telephone and telegraph,' .and with-^
out any fusion. When Abraham Lincohvwas elected
President the Democrats were" in two, and had they
not been the Republicans would have been snowed
under^forty feet deep. Lincoln was a : minority Presi
dent. . If there is a new party formed 'it means that,
there will be two parties .in the field that favor the.
'gold standard' and all that it contains. This /will place"
: . about 4,000,006 votes for the Democrats,- 4;o6o,ooo. for
{ the Republicans, and the remainder. for the reformers.
This would be the easiest way to win, ; and j the' best
way. But to talk that the Democrats or Populistsxaii
ever win a national "election isfoolishness— that is, un
der their present organizations." - f -. : -. .< f-
The view \ thus set forth c.an : ; hardly^be j clear even
to the most penetrating observation: The writer be-
In the judgment of the Kansas and Nebraska men
the chief objection to the Democratic party is the
name it bears. That name is associated with so many
political diseases in their minds that they "doubt
whether anything can live that bears it. . Therefore
they, propose the adoption of a new name, leaving the
title and the traditions of Democracy to anybody who
may choose to take them up.. .
WHILE the abler Democratic leaders of the
South are trying to rid their party of Bryan
. 15m and bring it back to conservative policies
and the better elements among the Democrats of New
York have organized for a determined fight against
Tammany, there has arisen a new set of organizers in
Kansas and Nebraska whose programme -is radically
different from that of the South or of the East:
SEEKING A NEW PARTY.
The Pacific Mail Steamship,. Company »has again
been sued by the Federal Government for the escape
of Orientals from the detention shed. A pleasing
novelty might be intioduced into the situation by
holding the offending company responsible for some
of its derelictions.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
GERMAN EMPIRE— J. C. W., City. The
figures of the latest German census show
the population of the German empire to
be 52,2W,i01.
GLASGOW EXHIBITION— S-, City. The
announcement relative to the Glasgow
Exhibition was that it would remain open
f rcm May 1 to October 1. 190L
PHILIPPINE SCHOOLS— E. E. ,' I>.,
Valparaiso, Ind. To secure a position as
a teacher in the public schools of the
Philippine Islands send an application to
the Superintendent of Public Schools,. Ma
nila, P. I. •
FISHING INDUSTRY-H. S., Cttyy'Fpr
information relative to the statistical bul
letin of the. fishing industries of the Pa
cific Coast, by George M. Bowers, call at
the office of the Fish Commissioner, in the
Mills building. . -
TUBERCULOSIS— D. M. K., Oakland;
Cal. In every State of .the. Union .there'
are in the cities and towns thereof local
regulations that exclude from the public
schools pupils or teachers who may. be
affected with tuberculosis. It is a>, sani
tary regulation. >;;. '
MORTGAGE-F. M., City. In the State
of California a piece of property may be
set aside as a homestead, the value of
which must not exceed J5000 at the- time
of declaration of homestead. A piece of
property that is mortgaged may be set
aside as a * homestead, subject to the in
cumbrance uj>cn it.
JOINT NOTE J. "pT • M.. Westside..
Cal. If three parties give a note bearing 1
the : words "We jointly and severally
promise to pay," neither party can with
draw from the obligation by paying one
third of the amount. In case of failure
to pay action may be commenced against
the three makers collectively or against
any one individually.
INVENTION-O. S.. City. The fact that
a man has invented and' patented an arti
cle does not give him authority to sell the
same without a license in places whefe a
license is exacted. He may not in San
Francisco sell the same .-without a license
If he hawks the same from place to place-,
but he is exempt from license if he sells
the same at a fixed place of business. 3
SIDE LAUNCHES-J. F. M., -Wads^
worth, Nev.. Several, readera of this de
partment have called attention to the fact
that the Great Eastern was launched sky
ways and that recently a rive-masted
schooner was so launched. at Oakland.
That, however, does not answer the ques
tion, "Where in different parts of the
world were vessels launched sideways?"
The Great Eastern, built at. Mill wall. 185J
1857. because of her immense length was
constructed trrith her keel parallel to the
river on a timber foundation of immense
strength, with sloping ways or rails down
to the water. Either the ship was too.
heavy (12,000 tons) or the slope was' too
gradual. -for It required various attempt*
from November 3. 1S57, to January 31. 1$-V>.
to. place her in the water, and that by the
use of powerful hydraulic rams and the
expenditure of S100. 000. '..': :' -
CALIFOBNIANS IN ¦WASHpTGTOK"
"WASHINGTON. June 7.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— N. F. Wilshire and wife: D^ F.
Ainsworth, Los Angeles. Shoreham-John
B. Eldridge, San Francisco. Willard' a— W;
H. Jacobs, San Francisco. •*
THE WORLD'S RAILWAYS.
FROM the convention of Railway Commissioners
in this city there 'will 4 result not only; pleas
ure for all the delegates and their friends
but also much that will "tend .to'..! a; .sblutionifof
some at least of the many problems involved in; rail
road management. and in the relations of Ahe roads' to
the public. The world is full of talk about airships
and of electric lines, but" it is certain 'our transporta
tion facilities on land for many a- year yet are going
to be mainly dependent on steam; railways, and con
sequently the proper supervision; of^^such roads is a
matter' of ; highest importance to all.
The Prussian Ministry 'of. Public Works, which
keeps a record of the steam railway mileage of the
world and its increase from year to year, has recently
issued a summary on the subject, with the figures
brought down to 1899. The mileage and the per
centage of increase by continents for four years ex
pressed in American measurements is thus given:
• , Per cent
Miles of increase
road Since 1895.
Europe. 172,621 • 10.5 .
Asia ....: 35.93S 33.3
Africa 12,501 53.0
Australasia ..' 14,675 5.8-
United States .......:... ..189,295 4.1
'All North America ...:.;: ;;¦. ....216,200 , ,;4.9
( South America . . . .: ... &. ..... ;<•. . ; S* 27,874 ' ie.8 ' '
"The world".:....::. .....r.^.:..;V.:.;.479,90d iiJ.2 ]'*-.
The entire increase of railroad in the 'world for
1898 was 13,166 miles,- or about what had been con
structed in the United States alone in 1887. It will
be noted in the table that in the per^ cent of increase
since 1895 Africa has led the other continents. The
rate of increase there is, moreover, likely to be large
for some time to come, as the development of "the
possessions of the different European powers in that
continent will necessarily entail, a considerable rail
way extension in the near future, even if Cecil Rhodes
should fail to carry out his great enterprise' of build
ing a road -from the Cape to Cairo.
In the United States the absolute mileage is so
large the per cent of increase is of course small. We
are still far short of the railway, facilities which are
needed in" our vast territory, but it is not likely we
shall ever see again any such extensive railway build
ing as marked, our development in the past:
As Africa led the continents in the per cent of in
crease in railway mileage during the last four years,
so Siberia led the countries of the world with an in
crease of 244 per cent to 223 per cent An China, 35
per cent in Turkey, 25 per cent in Denmark, 22 per
cent in Russia, 17 per cent in Austria-Hungary, 13 per
cent in Roumania, it per cent in Norway," 10 per
cent in Sweden, and 8.8. per cent in Germany, against
only 4 per cent in the United States. Great Britain's
increase was only 2.4 per cent. ¦; '
'At the present time our railway magnates are more
attentive' to the task of combining and co-ordinating
existing roads than to that of ¦constructing'' new ones.
Our capital and our "energies are being directed now
to other things, and we can weir afford to so ; em
ploy them. In fact, our main railway problem now is
how to make best use of the existing roads, and in
that work* the distinguished visitors to the conven
tion in this city can be counted on to ' accomplish
much.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YOEK.
NEW YORK. June [ 7.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. W. Brown, at Plaza; Mrs.
C. A. Farnum, at St. Denis; C. P. Hanen
gerth. at Raleigh; N. Hess, at Empire: A.
Mantener. at Cadillac; J. A. Merrill. Mrs.
J. F. Merrill, Miss M. Merrill, at Holland;
Dr. C. B. Pinkham. at Grand Union; Dr.
G. Fuller, at Hoffman;. A- Phlnhey, at
Cosmopolitan; N. Stern, Miss A. J. Stern.
J. Stern, at Holland. -,~
• The Oakland Board ; of Education is said;;to be
looking in the East ;for an .educator worthy to suc
ceed J. B. McChesnejr as principal of the- Oakland
High School. It certainly seems timely \ to suggest
to the Oakland Boardof Education "that all the wise
men in the world-do : not come from the East. • ;•.;
PERSONAL MENTION.
R E. Hyde, a banker of 'VIsalla, is at
the Palace. ,
F. .O. Hihn. a banker of Santa Cruz, is
a guest at the Grand. •. • ¦
J. Wertheimer, a'Pittsburg woolen mer
chant, is staying at the Palace.
R. H. Herron. who represents an exten
sive, oil syndicate, is here from Los An
geles.
J. R. English, a merchant of Vallejo, la
here on business and is staying at the
Lick. " ' . •-¦-^"•Vj. v . *¦;';;
George Morrice, a mining man of So
nora, Is in the city and Is making the
Lick his headauarters. . . ;
W. L. Holmes, a well-known mining
man, arrived here from Mexico yesterday
and is at the Palace. , . . ' '
W. P. Thomas, a prominent attorney,
andAlf Pannington, both- from Ukiah,
are " staying at - the Grand- . •. , ,>, ,:.y-
A. L. Levinsky, a prominent attorney
of Stockton, ia in the city on business.
He is staying at the Palace.
C M.Couglan, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization, !s at the Lick. He
arrived from Sacramento yesterday.
A. Ai Van Voorhies. a harness manu
facturer and extensive real estate owner
of Sacramento, is at the Grand for a few
days.
J. W. Hoyt, proprietor of the -"White
Star Laundry, arrived from an extended
tour of the East yesterday and is at the
California.
Robert Graham, the coast representa
tive of the Armour Fruit Car Company,
arrived from Los Angeles yesterday and
registered at "the Palace. . ;.
"fs '¦¦¦< ¦
SATURDAY. ............... .......'.JUNE 8, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELSrPropnerorr"
Address AU Comnmnicfttioas to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22X SteTemon St.
Telephone Press 202.
DeJlrered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms by 31a il. Including Postasei
DAILY CALL (Including Euncay),- one year J6.00_
DAILT CALL ilnchidins Sunday). 6 mpnths J-00
DAILY CALL, clnclufiing: Sunday), 3 months.'. 1-50 >
DAILT CALL— By Single Month...... ; 65c
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I- 00
All .postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦nbncrtptlona.
-Sample ccpiea will be forwarded when reouested-
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1X18 Broad-way
C. GEORGE KROGKESS.
Kutgtr Foreign Advertising, Marqnette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONTJEJTT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX n. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnsr
NETT YORK XEYITS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hctel; A. Breatano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Rierman House: P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Freacat House: Auditorium Hotel.
\VASHf\CTOV <T>. C> OFFICE 14O0 G St., X. W.
HORTOX E. CRA\E. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 5^ Montgomery, corner of Clay.. open
rr.t'.l 5:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, cpen until 9:30 o 1 clock. 633
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
*:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
<-on;er Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, cpen
until 9 o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
rcrcer Twenty-seccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
rroo Ff!!rnor« . open •until 9 p. m.
STATUS OF THE FILIPINOS.
THE San Francisco Chronicle .advocated free
trade with the Philippinesion the ground that the
constitution followed the flag and Congress was
estopped from restricting trade. The Republican Na
tronal Convention antagonized that position, and has
been affirmed by the 'Supreme Court. Under the
court's decision Congress may commit the entire gov
ernment of the islands to the President, or it may
enact restrictive laws. It will be seen that the. policy
of this country toward the islands. is to be governed
by expediency only, as the court says expressly that
the constitution omitted to provide any authority in
the premises^ and_vve are to act simply as a sover
eignty, just as' other nations have acted under similar
circumstances, no matter what the form and limita
tions of their home government.
Discussing, then,- the question of what it is expe
dient to do in the Philippines, it is found that there
are certain physical limitations that no human power
can pass. ' The climate is tropical, and white labor
cannot exist there.. The natives are irfdustrious "only
up to the point of self-support, but are without com
mercial ambition and will not toil to produce a sur
plus for export. The only productive labor there im
portant to commerce is Chinese coolie labor. No
census has been taken that shows how many coolies
are domesticated. there, but they are doing all the pro
ductive work in: the field and forest. The large ex
ports of hemp and other Philippine products of which
our people read- with pleasure are the result of this
coolie labor.
Is it expedient to give the product of such labor
free entry into the American market? We think not.
To do so is to exploit American labor for the benefit
of those who speculate in the richness and low wages
of the islands. Is it expedient to deport the Chinese
from the Philippines? That is to be answered by those
who are interested in the Chinese trade. The coolies
are there under a right acquired from- Spain. We
have inherited the shoes and the -troubles of Spain,
and it is for those who were responsible for it to say
how far we can go in dealing with China in the mat
ter without repelling her commercial friendship and
injuring our trade. As far as The Call is concerned
it is opposed to Chinese labor in the Philippines com
peting with American labor, as it will under free
trade. ; ; • . • ' '
We gave ample warning of the situation in Hawaii,
but were not heeded at the time. Hawaii is now a
Territory, and white labor is not domesticated there
and never can be. If the servile labor from Asia and
Porto Rico were deported from Hawaii to-morrow
the commercial prosperity of that Territory would
cease. ...
It is well to look facts in the face, and indulge in no
misrepresentation. The San Francisco Chronicle, de
feated by the Republican National Convention and the
Supreme Court, now declares free trade with the Phil
ippines to be immediately expedient. It declares that
"the only possible source of profit from our political
relations to the islands is in unrestricted intercourse
between them and the mainland."
We deny that there will be any profit out of the
islands unless coolie labor produces.it, and that profit
will go to the exploiter, and will finally come out of
competing American labor.
The Chronicle says: "That American enterprise
will develop the islands is to be hoped,~bui the result
ing labor belongs to the native inhabitants under fis
cal conditions which will" prevent that labor from un
derbidding the labor of the mainland."
How is that procession of words to be interpreted?
What "fiscal conditions" can prevent labor under
bidding?.
In discussing such a serious issue of- expediency
exact terms should be used. Labor in Hawaii now un
derbids that of the mainland,' and our commercial
union with that Territory is exactly what the Chron
icle demands for the Philippines.
It is well also to be truthful in such a discussion.
The Chronicle, referring to The Call, says that we
"desire to prevent exploitation of the country by
Americans, but to' use our army to hold the poor
natives in subjection while they are exploited by the
Chinese."
There is no justification of such a statement. We
desire no such thing. The uncontroverted testimony
of the leading Filipinos is that they want admission
into the Union as self-governing States, and liberty to
do as they please within the limitations of States.
This the American jieople will never permit. The
islands are of no commercial importance without
coolie labor. ' Cboiie labor and free trade are inimical
to American interests. There is the problem. We
make no pretense of solving it. We simply stand by
American interests in opposing statehood and citizen
ship and free trade.
ginsiby proposing the organization of a party with"' a
new j name - for Nebraska : only, > but ; straightway pro
ceeds to outline a nationalplatforfn for it and to point
out how it can elect a President without the support
of a majority of the people. It would seem that such
a view exaggerates the importance of Nebraska; for; it
is hardly credible 'to outsiders 'that' a Nebraska State
party even if called "the American party" can carry
the Union. ' - -
The Kansas men- are a little more rational. They, do
not dream of carrying the Union by the organization
of a new party for their State only. They suggest the
reorganization of Democracy; and Populism as the
Union party. By the adoption of 'a hew name they
argue their organization will get rid of the perplexi
ties of fusion and at the same time get rid also of all
those Democratic traditions to which Populists ob
ject. They point out that .when voting as separate
parties the Populists polled in Kansas 107,000 votes to
115,000 Republican and 71,000 Democratic, and they
insist that if the Union party be formed- Kansas will
be safe for the new organization; nor do they -hesitate
to predict that if the movement be followed elsewhere
as Kansas goes so will go the Union. . " V "X
All these plans for reorganization are interesting
evidences of the confusion that exists among the ranks
of the opposition to Republicanism. Bourbonism and
radicalism are struggling for supremacy in the camp
of a disintegrating organization, and the results are
liicely to have an important effect 1 upon; our politics;
No such fusion as that suggested in Kansas. , and
Nebraska can be carried opt except in a comparatively
few States, and yet it may have; sufficient strength. to
nominate a Presidential ticket and make a strong- third
party in the campaign of .1904. .
this world-renowned benefaction.- have
had a happy and unifying Influence? upon
the sections that cannot be overestimated.
The fund was reduced to $1,000,000 by the
refusal of Mississippi and Florida to
pay their, bonds. The Income from the
remainder is used in the work which has
been described. Since 1S67 nearly $3,000,000
has been paid out by the treasurers, main
ly on recommendation of the general
agents. When it is said that that most
eminent and experienced , financier. J.
Pierpont Morgan, is the treasurer, 'one
may know that the finances are managed
without diminution for - salary , and with
consummate and unparalleled skill.
by men of equal distinction and ability.
These trustees fortunately selected ' as
general asent Dr. Barnas Sears, a ripe
scholar, an expert In education, of un
failing tact, courtesy and common sense.
With a full mind and the personal sug
gestions of Mr. Peabody— for he lived
nearly three years after the gift and at
tended two of the meetings— rDr. Sears per
formed with consummate discretion and
ability his delicate duties, and under his
supervision the trust was inaugurated
and began its career of wide usefulness.
Establishing " Common Schools:,
The first step under Dr. Sears, growing
put of his study of the situation, was to
lay foundations for the establishment of
public school systems. It needs to be
borne in mind that under the ancient reg
ime no public school system providing
universal education existed at the South,
was no system adequate to the ed
ucation at public expense, of the white
youth and the peculiar social system for
badf. the education of the negroes. Sparse
population made permanent systems diffi
cult, if not impossible. Slavery was now
fortunately abolished and by the four
teenth amendment national citizenship
was created and co-occupancy of the
same territory by two distinct races, with
the same civil rights and- privileges, made
the education of the negroes. a social, po
litical and industrial necessity. The South
had had academies and colleges of high
order, equal to any in the land, turning
out products in manhood and womanhood
rot inferior to those in any civilized coun
try, but there was no system on the stat
ute book adapted to the needs of the en
tire population. Free schools for- all the
people was the only sufficient scheme to
carry out Mr. Peabody's clearly expressed
intentions and to put the 'South on 'a
plane of equality, in capability and men
tal attainments, with States which had
had for years well - devised common
schools. Obviously, the first indispensa
ble step was to create a healthy and sus
taining ¦ public opinion and to organize
that opinion for * legislative and commun
ity action. Dr. Sears chose his residence
at'Staunton, Va., visited every Southern
State, spoke in cities and towns, addrsec
ed Legislatures, utilized the public press,
stimulated the establishment of schools
by giving to them liberal aid from the
Peabody fund, always on the simple and
wise principle of helping those who help
themselves. • ¦ .
Difficulties That Were Overcome.
The difficulties in the way of using the
Income effectively, according to the. fixed
plan, are not easy to realize. Soon the
applications for. aid ¦ were numerous,
urgent and annoying. Some were worthy,
some were dishonest, many were wildly
Utopian, and the half if granted would have
exhausted the. whole fund in less than a
year. Ingenuity and invention were put
actively at work to devise schemes for
getting hold of some of the money, which
had been magnified into untold millions.
Theorists, visionaries, sects, crazy people,
were among the persistent applicants.
Fixed rules had to be established and ad
hered to with firmness, patience, wisdom
and good temper. Work was begun by
selecting in the States a few schools at
radiating centers, to • illustrate by exam
ples the best "methods of ¦ teaching and to
exert a healthful diffusive influence "in
favor of. free schools for all citizens.
To use the apt words of Professor Har
ris of Richmond College, the idea was to
supplement judiciously and helpfully so
as "to secure the just mean between con
centration for strength and diffusion for
relief." A part of current expenses was
contributed to stimulate the people to self
exertion in the good cause, and this
amount was determined in some degree
by the amount of money raised by a
State tax, local tax or voluntary con
tributions. The aided schools were to be
graded, to have I at least 100 pupils, to
continue in session nine or ten months,
and to have free tuition. Teachers,-disci
pline, text-books and all such questions
were left to the State or local authori
ties, yet while disclaiming all purpose of
interference with the school authorities
the trustees claimed "absolute discretion"
in giving or withholding funds, refused to
distribute according to population or in
proportion^ to destitution, and were guid
ed in their action by what would be pro
ductive of beneficial results and con
tribute to the furtherance of the purpose,
which was frankly avowed and always
kept prominently ¦ in view. All along it
was declared that this aid to independent
schools was a temporary expedient and.
that the schools must become a part of
the general system of State controlled in
stitutions, or the help would be with
drawn. '
Results of the Work.
Schools— excellent, well < taught, well
managed— sprung up throughout the
South, and the experiment was so satis
factory, good schools became so popular
and such a recognized necessity, that in
the -course of. a few years every State
had in organic law or on statute books
and in practical operation a system of
public schools modeled with some neces
sary changes upon systems which had
worked well in sister States in 'the North
and -West. AVhen these systems, were
established, as had been assiduously
worked for, the trustees no longer helped
independent schools. ( but gave their aid
only to - free schools, carried on under
State auspices, and acted in co-operation
with State educational authorities. ' For
twenty years or more not a" dollar haa
been' given to any school which has not
been, in whole ¦ or in ; part, , under State
administration and aided by ' State I reve
nues. ¦ . , :
The Improvement of State systems of
public schools was the next logical step.
Excellence has been rewarded j and the
income of the fund is now almost'exclu
sively used. in teacher training. The Pea
bedy Normal College at , Nashville", in
which all the Southern States are allowed
a definite number of free scholarships,
has grown to be a great institution,- with
thirty-one -teachers and 600 students, mala
and female, and receives the -major part
of the annual income of the fund. Un
der the wise and masterly management
of President Payne, this college now
ranks amons' the best of its kind in the
Union. Through the active Influence of
the agents. and the timely pecuniary co
operation of the fund, normal .schools
have been established in nearly all the
Southern State3, and to > these schools if
of a* high order and supported and con
trolled; by the State, liberal aid is given
Teachers' Institutes, held annually in the
different States under the management of
StEte Superintendents, are encouraged so
as to, furnish to the public school teach
ers, especially to those who 1 have not 1 en
joyed pedagogic ; training, -Instruction
from experts . and' the •" most successful
teachers who can be obtained. Some of
the States have now - several normal
schools and in this effort to increase the
qualifications ' of teachers and to require
an advancing. standard the negroes have
largely shared, v /' ~ - "-: "."
Men Who Administered the Fund!
. Since the origin of the "trust'ih* 1867. there
have been only . two general agents, - be
tween whom there was unbroken and inti
mate friendship," and often close and conl
fidential conference.* The present agent
familiar / from * the , first v with > the -' doIIcv
and plans and. acts of Dr. v Sears has felt
it a; duty and a privilege to follow in the
footsteps of his predecessor and thus ae
complish most effectually ; the beneficent
and patriotic purpose of the great founder
of; the trust. He visits once or ; twice a
year ; the ' schools i receiving help and ha*
had the: honor and privilege of addressing
more Legislatures than any other Amerl
can ever had. • ¦ : . . . - , .. ,
r Besides the names, mentioned in : the
original trust, , the . trustees.-; chosen ' from
bath sections, now include such > men »o
Bishop ;.Whipple. Dr. Greene v Governor
Porter, J. : Pierpont- Morgan, William 1
; Courtenay, > Chief Justice Fuller • Judee
Somerville, Embassador :> Choate* Judzl
Fenner,^ President ! Gilman, Senators ,Wet
m or , if ! a i 1< k, Hoar> '/resident: McKinley ', and
Richard 'rOlney.v: Such' men and their pre
; decessors, ¦ giving ' ..without r remuneration
time : and . thought • to the - management ; of
By JV ? JLi. 2&. Curry,
EX-MINISTER TO SPAIN AND GENERAL.! AGENT OF THE PEABODY AND
.. -'- '; : :.;..: : slater funds. : -
! .\ V ; y ; -• ~; - -; (COPYRIGHT, 1901.) , .¦ " ¦- ¦}¦ ,
XVII.^-SCMETHINGTHE GOVERNMENT FAILS TO DO.
x In 'February" ISSO,"the~ trustees of the
Peabody education fund presented a me
morial . to | Congress,; accompanied by a
masterly . argument/ which proceeded
from a: committee Composed of Mr. Stew
art, Chief Justice Waite and Mr. Evarts,
inviting attention "to the vital necessity
of national aid for the colored population,
and especially -to the great masses of col
ored ; children who are growing- up to be
voters under, the constitution ofVthe
United;' States."' At other sessions the
subject was. presented anew to the coun
try. The. general agent of the fund has
presented two petitions to" Congress, ap
peared three times before the Senate and
House committees on education and
urged the matter before assemDlies North
ana. South. At the late Southern Educa
tional Association in Kichmond, Va:,-the
very able and accomplished head of the
Bureau of Education, Dr. William T.
Harris, felt constrained to call the atten
tion of the , country again to this vital
subject,' this paramount issue. Hitherto
the Government has not concurred, in tne
views of tne trustee, but has cruelly and
suicidally turned a aeaf ear to arguments
which seemed, to be irresistible, and this
refusal only makes more obligatory tne
patriotic sacrifices of the Southern States.
What the Peabody Fund Has Done.
I Three results from the Peabody educa
tion tiind may be indisputably claimed:
-¦First— State school systems have been
permanently , j established, are growing in
efficiency. every year and are more secure
ly imbedded, in -the hearts of the people.
Education is', now regarded as a function
of and no tax on property is
considered more legitimate than tnat lev
ied for the supDort of the' scnools. The
leading normal schools are the direct re
sult ot the personal influence and effort
of . the general agents and of ' timely as
sistance rendered from the fund. 1
Second — Hostility, to or prejudice
against the education of the negroes has
been largely removed or greatly softened,
r.nd this dependent class is recognized
as entitled with the white people to the
benefits of the system, to whicn by tax
ation they contribute only a.- trifle. In
thirty years the Southern States have giv
en about 5110 ,000,000 to the education of
the late slaves and their descendants.
What --Mr. Winthrop forcibly said has
grown Into a political maxim, that "slav
ery is but half abolished, emancipation is
but half completed, while millions of free
men with votes in their hands are left
without education." s
Third— In Mr. Peabody's devotion to his
country there was something beautiful,
touching and assimilating. Such expres
sions as "beloved and common country,"
"our great country," "the whole of our
dear, country which IJhave loved so well,"
were ' frequently on his lips,., and his
matchless gift initiated an era of good
feeling, for it "was the earlier manifesta
tion of a spirit of reconciliation toward
those from whom," said Mr. Winthrop,
"we have been so unhappily alienated,
and against whom we of the North have
been, so recently arrayed in arms." The
indebtedness of the Northern -man, the
laborious efforts of trustees and agents,
the enlarging and elevating influence of
the "general education, of the masses, the
reflex 1 ' influence -upon higher- institutions
of learning, have -tended to efface-sec
tionalism and bring the lately belligerent
pertiens of our common country into
closer relations of friendship and fra
ternity. '
Career of George Peabody. .
George Peabody was born in Danvers,
Mass., now Peabody, Mass., February 18,
1795. His parents were, humble, but're
spectable, and his education was obtained
in a common village school. In his early
life he was compelled to work for his sup
port. This necessity took him to different
places until he found himself at George
town,, in the District of Columbia. He
removed to Baltimore and as the result
of great energy and business capacity
soon established houses in Philadelphia
ana-New York. In 1837 he took up his
abode permanently in London as a mer
chant and money where he rose
to' respect and distinction, and established
a character for business shrewdness and
integrity surpassed by none In the world's
metropolis. Living the rest of his life
in England, he was intensely an American
without loss of local attachments and per
sonal friendships. During the troublous
period of the war he was ardent In his
patriotism, and a devoted friend of the
Union. When peace was made he. was
deeply sympathetic with those who had
suffered .-most during the privations and
sorrows of the terrible struggle.
: His Great Gift to the, South.
. Mr. Peabody became renowned for his
beneficence,': which was never spasmodic
nor the result of hasty action, but con
ducted on 'fixed principles, after mature
and mosfthoughtful examination.' Before
he decided upon his munificent gift, which
made him : the greatest benefactor .the
South ever had, he considered what he
purposed with the utmost care and delib
eration, and called to his: council promi
nent men whom he had known intimately
¦in- public-. or business life. Among these
wore Bishop Mcllvaine, Mr. Corcoran and
Mr. Winthrop. To the last of these he
unfolded confidentially his plans with full
ness and clearness, stating that from the
tarjiest years of his manhood he had con
templated a disposition of his property
which would do great good to his fellow
men. The letter of gift finally agreed up
on shows in every -line the persuasive in
fluence-of Mr. Winthrop's statesmanlike
and comprehensive suggestions. The ani
mating principle of the gift was inscribed
upon the. seal of the fund and was given
by. him as a sentiment at the bicentennial
celebration of Danvers— "Education a
Debt Due from Present to, Future Gener
ations."
-The gifts of private persons In the
United States -for education' have sur
passed in number and amount any made
in other parts , of the - civilized world.
Rockefeller, Stanford, Carnegie, Clark,
Smith, • Armour, Cupples, Brookings
Hearst, Slater, Johns Hopkins,. Colgate,
Vanderbilt. Morgan and others have en
rolled their. names among the immortals
by their large contributions, but these
have been mainly for universities, for ad
vanced education, for those able through
parents or guardians to accomplish their
honorable ambitions. Peabody. with a big
hesrt, broad American and humanitarian
views, gave to the poor, the destitute, and
declared that it was for. the promotion "of
the Intellectual, moral or industrial educa
ticn among. the youns? of- the more desti
tute portions of the Southern and South
western ; States of the Union— those - por
tions of our beloved and common country
which have ! suffered from the destructive
ravages and the not less disastrous conse
quences of. civil war." : »
' * The Value of His Gift. / ; ;
He required that the benefits of his gift
should be "distributed among- the entire
population, without; other distinction than
their needs and the opportunities of use
fulness to them." In order to appreciate
the timeliness and value . of this immense
contribution to the needs of . the people it
Is necessary to recall the fact that at the
tone of the gift the South was in a state
of apparently hopeless; impoverishment
At the close of the war corporations were
suspended,- banks were- closed,- railways
were dismantled, securities ; were depre
ciated or made • valueless, business was
paralyzed;^ wives ..were widowed.- children
were orphaned. Academies and colleges
had been closed. The young had been ar
rested In their ; educational r>lans J -The
country was in a . state of stagnation ex
haustion, poverty and- bankruptcy. ¦ • , ~
For the v administration of the trust Mr
Peabody selected -• fifteen r distinguished
men;- at -the head. of whom was^Mr 'Win
throp, who r devoted .with • unrelaxlng zeal
and hopefulness the^ greater part < of" his
time '- to the successful ¦:¦¦ management " of
vhat - he • said : was the - greatest . honor ' of
his * life. - Among the r men .'chosen- were
Governor : ' Fish; -Bishop ; Mcllvaine •¦' Gen
eral Grant.'Admiral Farragut, Mr.?Rivea'
Mr." Evarts." Governor Graham," Governor
Aiken- and Mr.' Riggs. >. From '; that ' time to
this, i as ; death ; has : released l some of them
. from- duty; . their places ? have • been ¦ filled
In the Great Selieme of the Government to
Improve the People the Colored Race
Has Been Neglected.'
Prepared -by : .Expekts'^nd 'Specialists for
TheSan Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., SATURDAY; JUNE 8, 1901.
« . The % blood ; will be poof so long W the stomach
shirks Its duty.; A half, wineglass of Dr.Stegext'a
Angostura Bitters before ! meals cures dyspepsia.
Do Your Feet Ache
Ana burn, and make you tired all over?"- Allans
Foot-Ease makes the shoes comfortable, rests
and cools, the feet amd makes walking nsyi At
all druggists and shoe stores. 25c. Sample sent
FREE. Address Allen S-Olmated, Le Roy, N.T-
In California there Is' a pioneer • so~
dety composed entirely, of.wome'n *who'
crossed the plains In ox teams. prior* to"
1S54- -There are thirty names on the char
ter roll. "ISMy&BMliGSaggHBSfr':' *
* Special Information supplied ' dally to,
business houses ' and public men by- the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;/ 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Alain 1042. ••:.-<
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
Choice candles, Townsen^'s, Palace -Hotel*
6
AMUSEMENTS*
California— "A Colonial Girl."
Central — "Old Glory."
¦ Tivol!— "The Toy Maker."
Ot rb^urr.— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Gudseens."
Alcczar— "For Bonnie Prince Charlie." " .
Grand Opera-house — "La Tosca."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every altemsoa and
evenirc.
¦ Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Eutro Baths — Swimminp.
Picnic— At Shell Mound Park to-morrow.
. Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred H. Chase & Co.— This day. Horses, at 1732 Market
street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIfiG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplatinc a chance of
¥ C' n i <i c i* c <t* <fl d y*l m **" the RQinmcr zu.os t Bis c*w xt \t wyo
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
•AdreRses by notifyincr The Call Bnslneaa Office.
Tku r<»i'Cr vrlll also be on sale at all summer
•««orts and Is represented by a. local aiest 1m
»ii t«WB» «a the coast.SUIT FOR MARINE INSURANCE.— Suits
were filed in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday by the Nome Lighterage • Trans
portation Company against the Frankfort
Marine Accident and Plate Glass Insurance
Company, the Standard Marine Insurance Com
pany and the Associated Insurance Company
to recover $12,250 alleged to be due as Insurance
upon the Catherine Sudden wrecked near Nome
recently.
ATTORNEY COLLAPSES
DURING HIS ADDRESS
Counsel in D af enbach Case Faints and
Is Restored by His
Client.
CHICAGO, June 7.— John J. McDonald,
chief counsel for Dr. August M. Unger,
the principal defendant in the Defenbach
insurance swindling case, while address
ing the jury to-day in Judge Tuley's
court, without a word of warning sud
denly fell forward on th£ bar and lapsed
into a state of unconsciousness. It was
feared for a time the attack might prove
fatal to the young lawyer and former
Judge and Congressman, but Unger, the
prisoner, after an hour's work finally suc
ceeded in reviving McDonald.
The stroke that laid low the counselor
followed a passionate declaration charg
ing Francis Wayland Brown and Frank
H. Smiley, -with being- equally guilty with
his client. Dr. Unger. if the latter was
not absolved from all blame.
The first English steel pens were sold at
30 shillings each.
Shrieks appalling in their intensity, fol
lowed by piteous moans, drew an immense
crowd to a vacant store at 1552 Market'
street yesterday. Investigation through
the windows revealed the fact that a care
worn, polka dot cat was the sole occupant
of the place. The crowd moved on, but
the 'shrieks were heard again from time
to time and other crowds gathered. - •
The case was reported to the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
an officer was sent to get the cat out of the
building. There was no means of ingress
and the officer hunted up the real estate
man whose sign was on the door. He had
no key. but he said the Sheriff had it. The
Sheriff had no key, but he referred the of
ficer to the former owner. The latter said
he had no key, but he guessed the Sheriff
had one. Meanwhile two other appeals
came from the neighbors that the
charitable society protect them from the
cat.
It was time for action; further delay
might Imperil the success of the cam
paign. Followed by the office boy with a
basket in which to carry the prospective
prisoner, the officer advanced on the
stronghold, armed with the majesty of the
law and a hatchet. , The door was shat
tered and the lonesome one was rescued
and carried to the animals' home.
LONESOME CAT CBEATES
A DECIDED SENSATION
Officers of Charitable Society Hescua
the Sorrowful One and Give
Her a Home.
responsibility rests for the abduction of
Joseph Clifford and Roy Taylor from an
orphans' home in this city last April, has
lately appeared in both San Francisco and
Oakland. Her movements baffle the au
thorities, by whom she is badly wanted.
Officers are on the watch for her and the
two little boys throughout the State, and
two fond mothers are leaving no stone un
turned to recover their loved ones and
punish the kidnaper, but thus far the
anxious search has gone unrewarded.
Mrs. Silva's latest appearance was in
Oakland. She had evidently prowled
around the ' Clifford House in West Oak
land till she was assured of- safety and
then boldly entered. She went straight to
Mrs. Clifford, the foster mother of one of
the lost boys, and told her that unless the
search was abandoned at once death
would be the penalty. The boy, she
boasted, was safely beyond reach and
Mrs. Clifford would never see him again.
Telling Mrs. Clifford "that is all you
will ever see or hear of him," she threw
down a photograph of herself and boy and
left the house. The woman disappeared
as suddenly and mysteriously as she came
and pursuit was unavailing. She was again
seen in a Pacific-street dive/ but subse
quent search proved fruitless. It is
rumored that she has gone to Merced and
the officials have been warned. No trace
of the boys has been found since their dis
appearance nearly two months ago.
MUCH-WANTED KIDNAPER
MAKES BOLD APPEARANCE
Sirs. Silva Enters the House of Her
Pursuer and Slakes Dire
Threats.
Mrs. Josepf Silva, the woman on whom
Lawson. writing June 5, submits a char
ter, -which," he says, "while it allows
you to maintain your position that the
vessel defending the cup is the representa
tive of your club, also allows me to main
tain the position which I have held from
the start, viz.. that any American owning
the best American boat may defend the
cup without giving away his boat. My
captain, officers and crew are In every
way able and the designer,
Mr. CrowninshieJd, will be with the boat,
end as I will personally manage the boat
through the season, I will be only too
pleased to give the charterers all the as
sistance desired."
The form of charter which Lawson in
closes with his. letter states that he char
ters certain interests in the Independence
to Lewis Cass Ledyard, R. Nicholson
Kane, August Belnsont, C. L. F. Robin
son. C. V. S. Oddie, E. D. Morgan, E. M.
Brown, J. Pierpont Morgan and C. Oliver
Iselin. members of the New York Yacht
Club. A proviso declares that the "char
terers shall not have the right to use the
yacht for any other purpose than hereto
fore specified or what may be incident
thereto, and it is distinctly understood
and made a part of this instrument that
Fa Id Lawson shall continue to be the sole
cwnei of the Independence at all times
until such match shall have been com
pleted."
Ultimatum Sent to Lawson.
The reply to the last communication
from Lawson was sent to Boston to-night
and was as fellows:
Thomas Lavreon: Your letter of June a was
ieoei»e<l this mornlngr. "The paper Inclosed
therewith, consisting of an instrument signed
hy you and & copy of a letter addressed to
you by counsel whose name is not disclosed,
ire hereby returned to you. the committee
having notified you on June 3 that it did not
O*-sirc you to submit to them a form of any
charter you might propose to make. Through
out the entire correspondence this committee
has been anxious to believe that you had no
other object than to avail yourself of such
reasonable regulations as might be necessary
to qualify the Independence to compete for
the honor of defending the cup. and they have,
therefore. In spite of many things in your
letters to whlcn exception might have been
• taken, treated you ¦with uniform courtesy.
Your last letter, however, with the inclosures,
indicates a settled purpose on your part to
misunderstand the position of the committee
which has been again and again stated to you
in term* too plain to be open to any but will
ful misconstruction. It is evident that further
discussion can nerve no useful purpose, and
the committee, therefore, must decline to pur
sue the subject further with you. If a mem
ber of this club notifies the secretary that he
has chartered the Independence, or that he has
accepted a transfer of her. It will be for such
member to enter her for such events as she
may be qualified to enter.
LEWIS CASS LEDYARD,
' . Chairman.
POSTON, June 7.— Mr. Lawson was seen
at his home to-night and he simply said
he would have nothing to say until the
letter of the New York Yacht Club com
mittee should reach him.
Offer Made of a Charter.
NEW TORK, June 7.— Thomas W. Law
son's yacht, the Independence, will not
be allowed to compete in the trial races
preliminary to the races for the Amer
ica's cup unless she shall be chartered by
some member of the New York Yacht
Club, who will enter her for such events
as. she may be qualified to take part In.
After a meeting of the challenge com
mittee to-day it was decided to return
Lavson his proposition to charter the In
dependence to a number of New York
Yacht Club men who compose the chal
lenge committee. The correspondence was
given out to-night by Secretary Oddle. On
May 23 Lawson wrote to Commodore
Lewis Cass Ledyard, saying he would at
once charter, an Interest in the indepen
dence to such person or persons as might
be agreeable to the New York committee
and would give such person or persons
full control«H.nd management of her dur
ing the match. Ledyard, replying on May
2S. said:
Any member of this club to whom you may
elect to charter your yacht by a charter which
will vest in him or* them during its term the
full control and management mentioned in
your letter would be a person or persons
agreeable to this committee. If you will refer
to my letter of May 10. you will find that this
matter has already been fully explained to
you.
Lawson, writing May 29, says he has in
structed his counsel to draw up a form
of charter, which he will submit to Led
y«rd, who replies, under date of June 3,
that it will not be necessary to submit the
form of charter.
New York Yacht Club
'Will Insist on Old
Rules.
Independence Must Be Char
tered to a Member or
Remain Out.
LAWSON'S BOAT
MM BE BURRED
i
TORONTO, Ont., June 7.— Of the three
men, Fred Lea Rice, Thomas Jones and
Frank Rutledge, extradited from Chicago
to stand trial for the robbery of a bank
in Aurora, Ont., Rife is the only sur
vivor to serve out the twenty-one years'
imprisonment to which he was sentenced
this morning.
Two tragedies have put Jones and Rut
ledge beyond the reach of the law. Jones
died from bullet wounds received in a
desperate attempt to escape from, the of
ficers who were transferring the prison
era from the courthouse to the jail last
Tuesday, and Rutledge committed sui
cide to-day by jumping from the gallery
In the jail to the stone court, thirty feet
below.
While the carriage containing Rice,
Jones and Rutledge and- two constables
was - proceeding from the courthouse to
the jail last Tuesday night an accomplice
threw three revolvers through the cab
window. The desperadoes evidently were
expecting outside help, for they acted
j promptly. Securing possession of the re
volvers, the three men opened fire upon
the constables. One constable was shot
and killed. The officers returned the fire
and Jones was wounded in the groin and
arm. He died at the hospital. A street
car conductor whose car the burglars at
tempted to board struck Rutledge on the
head with a piece of iron, knocking him
senseless. Rice surrendered.
To-day Rice and Rutledge were sen
tenced to twenty-one years' imprison
ment in Kingston penitentiary. Rutledge
was being to dinner with another
prisoner, in charge of one of the guards,
about 3 o'clock. Suddenly he made a dash
-and, springing/up the stairway, mounted
to the gallery running around the inside
of the jail, thirty feet from the floor.
Climbing over the railing he fell foremost
on the stone floor, fracturing his skull.
He was immediately taken to the hos
pital, where he died without regaining
consciousness.
Two of a Trio of Desperate
Prisoners Already
Dead.
Canadian Bank Robber
Leaps From a High
Railing.
PREFERS DEATH
TO THE PRISON
SACRAMENTO'S MAYOR IN DANGER
OF BEING OUSTED FROM OFFICE
Supreme Court Holds That Elector Cavanaugh MuM
Testify
Place Clark in a Very Compromising Ppsition
j. * ' ' ~ " —^ — '. — »
BURGLAR BORES
HOLES IN DOOR
Daring Crook
in the Ad-' ¦
edition;
Enters Residence and Gets
" Away With Valuable v
The mysterious burglar ¦who has : been
operating in the Western Addition,-steal
ing vast quantities of silverware, "con
tinues to enter, houses regardless : of the
extraordinary j efforts taken : by | the police
to arrest \ him. V His latest victim is Ben
jamin Lehman,' who with his family oc
cupies a fine residence 7". at 1511 Gough
street.' - * . ~ -•
While the members of the Lehman fam
ily ! were asleep ' last Tuesday night ¦ the
desperate ; crook bored at least twenty
eight, holes in the side door and then In
serting* his hand : in the aperture X pulled
back the bolt. He had first attempted to
pry open the door with a "jimmy."-Fail
ing in his attempt to dislodge the lock, he
used a small brace and bit, cutting a hole
BUificiently large, to admit his hand.' ,
After entering : the house the burglar
went to the dining room and .with the aid
of his "jimmy" he broke open a large
sideboard which contained the family
plate* valued at about $400. After helping
himself to the | most ¦ expensive articles of
silverware ; the marauder . went into the
adjoining room and proceeded to search
It • for valuables. •<¦ Not • finding anything
worth taking he started to leave the
house, when : he saw three hats hanging
on i a hatstand in the hallway. - Taking
them into the back parlor he tried 1 them
on, and as they did not fit his head, pre
sumably, he cast them aside. . -
While examining the silverware to make
sure that it - was genuine the burglar
therein opened the shutters on the; front
windows to allow the moon to shine Into
the room. By this light he had little dif
ficulty in distinguishing the genuine sil
verware from the less valuable.
•Shortly after. the burglar had-left Mr.
Lehman was awakened by a - pet dog
prowling about in the house. Thinking
that the side door had b'een left open by
the servant, allowing the dog to enter, he
dressed himself and went downstairs to
make an investigation. As he entered the
dining room he was startled to find that
the sideboard had been broken into and
the silverware taken. He lost no time in
communicating with the police, Informing
them of the burglary. \ r-.v
Captain Seymour has had nearly his
entire staff of detectives looking for the
burglar since then, but thus far they have
been unable to get a trace of him. ..: Dur
ing the past two weeks the same man has
entered at least a dozen houses in that
immediate vicinity, stealing much . valu
able property. Detectives Dinan and
Wren, who are working on the burglary
of the Lehman residence, are. satisfied
that the culprit is the same individual
who entered the house of Rabbi Nieto on
Bush street several nights ago and got
away with a lot of silverware.
Mistaken for a Burglar.
Herman Lukherath, who was arrested
on suspicion of having murdered Robert
Hislop Jr. and who was afterward -.re
leased for want of evidence, was arrested
early yesterday morning on. a charge of
drunkenness. He was found prowling
around in the vicinity' of Grove and Web
ster streets by two policemen, who, think
ing he was - a burglar, determined to
watch him. After following him for sev
eral blocks and realizing that he was not
bent on house-breaking, the- officers de
cided to arrest him for drunkenness. He
was held in the City Prison until 8 o'clock
yesterday morning, when he was released
along with a bunch of other inebriates.
Burglars Enter Cigar Store.
The police are looking for a brace of
crooks "who have, been "working" the
stores along Kearny street. Last Thurs
day morning they broke into the Mirror
cigar store at 210 Kearny street and stole
a quantity of cigars and cigarettes.. On
the same night they attempted to gain
an entrance to the Elite saloon on Union
Square avenue, near Kearny, with the aid
of a "jimmy," but were frightened off be
fore they succeeded in forcing open the
door. . • • :
Allowed the Burglar to Escape.
? Several nights ago burglars entered two
houses on Oak street, but were frightened
away ' before . they could secure anything
of value. While trying to enter the resi
dence of J. Woods, who lives ¦ on Oak
street, near Devisadero, one of the bur
glars w* discovered and held a prisoner.
He claimed that he had mistaken the
house for his own, and . offered to prove
that he was not a burglar by some letters
which he had in his possession. > Woods,
at his suggestion, took him to a street
light, where -he pretended to read a let
ter which, he claimed, he had received
from his '.mother in New York. ¦' While
Woods was intently listening to a few af
fectionate passages in the letter the crook
took> to his heels and . made his escape.
Captain Seymour believes that the fellow
is one of the two crooks who\ have 'been
operating in that- neighborhood.'- '¦ .
Tea . at the Cottage.
A tea,will be given to-morrow afternoon
at ; the cottage of the Little Sisters'; In
fant Shelter in Mill Valley, which has just
been established for the children of the
shelter by the ladies* auxiliary. - The la
dies are anxious that their, friends should
see s the practical working 'of . their plan
for 4he children, and they have therefore
invited every., one they know to be with
them to-morrow afternoon. -.-. " .
GRASS VALLEY MINING CASES.— Owen
Williams was a new witness in the United'
States Circuit Court i yesterday. I He identified
specimens of country , rock and ore .that had
been taken out of the Pennsylvania- workings
to corroborate the testimony of Mining Engi
neer M. <¦ B. Kerr that the Pennsylvania had
no • well defined vein, . but ; was working scat*
tered seams and - mineralized fragments. . c£
7
THE SAN ; :^FR^CISCO S^ | , |
¦ The story | told ' was ¦ that when Bothin
went to, Japan ' recently - he< left his
daughter In the care >' of Mrs. > PrIU r r and
that ' when \ he came back he \ and Mrs.
Prill quarreled over the amount he
to pay for the care' of the girl.'. The* re-;
suit of the quarrel was that -he called, at
her house with the special officer and that
she was locked in her room while all -the
furniture was taken' away. - Further,; Mrs.
Prill says she was left in the room until
the next morning, much against her^will."
She wants the two men arrested on ; a
charge of false . imprisonment.' The issue
of a warrant was refused. until the; other
side of the controversy could be . heard.
Bothin is atraveler for the American" Salt
Company -and is -a brother of Henry 'E.
Bothin,' manager of the Judsonj Company.
Archibald Barnard,- attorney for_Mr3.'
Frances Prill, appeared at the . Hall , of
Justice yesterday in search of a warrant
for the arrest of C. Ai Helneman," a. spe
cial officer, and J. C. Bothin, who. he said,
had -locked Mrs. Prill in •- a ; room while
they despoiled her house. ';;:' .
Took the Furniture.
Her in Her Room While He
WANTS "WARRANT FOR -,...- ,
FALSE IMPRISONMENT
Mrs. Prill Says J. C. Bothin Locked
That part of the" appeal is ' then " con
sidered which states that Clark paid"W.
M. Sims $1900 for election purposes con-"
trary to law and that Sims then, by mu
tual .understanding, paid B. W. Cavan
augh $300. Frank Daroux $400, B. W. Cav
anaugh for Frank Farrar $150 a"nd ex
pended the balance -of the sura among
various other people. It was also alleged
that Clark promised that If the election re
sulted successfully he would reward Cav
anaugh with one-ninth of the official
patronage.'
The Supreme Court refers to the record
of the previous trial where these questions
are discussed. It is shown that when Cav
anaugh was on the witness stand he was
asked by Mr. Shim, Bradley's attorney, If
he and Clark had ever discussed the ex
penditure of this $1900 for election pur
poses. Cavanaugh refused to reply; on the.
ground that it would be in violation of his
The Supreme Court then affirms the
judgment. of the lower court, which dis
missed the matter of hiring carriages and
buying banners and also the contention
of Clark not having vouchers for ttae sum
of $22 65 devoted to sunarles and inciden
tals during the campaign. , . . •' ,
Judgment Partly Affirmed.
Mayor Clark contends that .under the
constitution of the State he is not com
pelled to take oath as to his expenditures,
and he is supported in that contention by
the Supreme Court, under section 3, ar
ticle XX, of the constitution, which says:
•Members of the Legislature and all of
ficers except such inferior officers as may
be by law exempted shall, before they en
ter upon the duties of their respective of
fices, take and subscribe to the following
oath or affirmation"— regulation oath fol
lows — "and no other oath, declaration or
test shall be required as a qualification for
any office or public trust." The term
"qualification" is held to mean acts per
formed after election, as taking official
oath and executing the official bond. The
purity of elections act requires an af
fidavit attached to the list of expenditures
for election purposes, which is wholly out
side the law as set forth in the constitu
tion. . . * -
The suit was brought by W. H. Bradley,
an elector of Sacramento in the' municipal
election. In the lower court judgment was
entered for Clark and Bradley appealed.'
Bradley charged that Clark secured his
election by improper practices, violatlve of
the purity of elections act. The spe
cific accusations are that Mayor Clark did
not file a statement of election expenses,
suj.ported by; his oath as required by law;
that the statement he filed was false; that
money was spent illegally by him for elec
tion purposes; that he expended an
amount in excess of that allowed by law,
and that to secure his election he promised
one-ninth of the' municipal patronage to
C. W. Cavanaugh. , .- . '[
THE contestants of G. W. Clark's
right to office as Mayor of Sacra
mento have finally, scored a point
in the decision handed down by the
Supreme Court yesterday. . This
decision declares that C. W. Cavanaugh,
who was. upheld by the lower, court in a
refusal to testify concerning certain mat
ters "connected with. Mayor Clark's elec
tion, can be compelled to do so at the new
trial which has been ordered. If Cav
anaugh's testimony is to be of the nature
he intimated at the former trial, it is pos
sible that Mayor Clark's office may be
rendered vacant. ,
-{Collector Str^tton says that if Gibbs was
removed by the Secretary ~ of ' the ; Treas
ury because . of .his connection with the
prize fighting club, and if it were true that
Gibbs was connected witlvsuch a club he
could not i see his way .clear : to reinstate
him. This is Gibbs' second application for
reinstatement. t:v . ¦¦¦ •_
'."¦ The other application was from, Arthur
I. Sanches, a Customs Inspector . who * lost
his position two years ago upon his, being
convicted of - a - felonious f assault • upon • a
little girl. < Sanches obtained a new. trial
and ; was acquitted j a'* short' time ago.*. The
petition was taken under advisement.'
.Two applications for reinstatement were
made yesterday . to Customs ¦ Collector
Stratton.' J. : D. Gibbs, formerly cashier' in
the , Custom-house, was removed from of
fice by the . Secretary, of the Treasury two
years ago upon the report of Customs Col
lector Jackson that Gibbs was financially
interested in. an athletic club that gave
professional prize fighting exhibitions and
that > on one occasion he had , placed the
stake money, in; the Custom-house- safe
over night. :?; ¦ . . - ....'. <:,
Former Inspector's Petition Is
Taken Under Advisement. '
GIBBS AND SANCHES
, ASK REINSTATEMENT
Little : Hope for the ex-Cashier— The
. "We dissent from, the judgment and re
versal and think the judgment of the Su
perior Court should beafflrmed. We con
cur i In' the opinion of. Mr. Justice Hen
shaw,; except sofar as it deals with the
questions asked of - the witness . Cava
naugh, but we cannot agree to the con
clusion reached on that subject." ¦
Mayor Clark's tenure of office depends
wholly on the testimony of Cavanaugh
and the others named in the complaint.
In case Clark is removed, ex-Mayor Land
will return to office. .This is the fond am
bition of the many opponents of Mayor
Clark, who have harassed him with law
suit after lawsuit ever since he was elect
ed. Mayor Clark had to take - office by
force, but his position has not been placed
In very serious Jeopardy previous to the
decision of the Supreme Court, and should
Cavanaugh's testimony differ from what
is expected by his opponents, as is quite
possible, no change will be made.' ""
The decision- was . rendered by Justice
Henshaw,' " with whom Justices Beatty ,
Temple," Van Dyke and Harrison concur
red. •: Justices Garoutte ¦; ana McFarland
dissent. Their opinion is as follows: -
The Supreme Court then cornea to" the
vital point— should Cavanaugh have been
compelled to testify and shall a new trial
be ordered, where he will be forced to
make statements .which he had intimated
in his previous plea would prove most
prejudicial to himself and the Mayor?
The' Supreme Court decided that a new
trial must be held and that Cavanaugh
must answer the questions he refused to
answer before.
The case of Cavanaugh was a test. Its
settlement means that the others who
were concerned with him will also have
to testify, and thereon lies the hope of
the;"Land" faction that Mayor Clark will
be ousted f pom office. , ».
In making this important decision the
Supreme Court quotes from section 32 of
the purity, of elections act, which pro
vides that. a witness is not liable to pun
ishment even If he admits his own guilt
in trials regarding fraudulent elections.
As he would not have suffered if guilty
and certainly not if innocent, his refusal
to answer was. improper and the support
given by the trial Judge was erroneous.
Clark maintains that Bradley's attor
neys concede that Cavanaugh's answer
would have been incriminating, and that
the Supreme Court . is bound under the
law to admit that concession, erroneous
or not. It is, held, however, after a dis
cussion of the alleged concession that its
intent' was otherwise. For these reasons'
the : judgment of the lower court is re
versed and the cause remanded for a new
trial. '. - . : ,-. ¦ :.. . •
Cavanaugh Must Testify/
The Supreme Court shows that under
the law Clark could have spent in his
election $300 only and that proof of the
expenditure of $1900 would therefore dis
qualify him from office. Clark's official
account showed a perfectly legal expen
diture of $289 15. The law is reviewed then
to show that Clark would, be subject to
fine and imprisonment, as well as loss of
office, if -the further allegations are
proved to be true.
constitutional rights to be compelled to in
criminate himself. His answer, he
averred, might degrade his character and
convict him of felony. Attorney Shim
asked that Cavanaugh be compelled tjJTe
ply. The court upheld Cavanaugh in his
refusal and exception was taken. - Cavan
augh .was then asked if he had j received
money from Clark or an agent. For the
same reasons he refused to answer and he
was again supported by the ¦ court. . Fur
ther questions along the same line were
asked and all met with like treatment.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask I*
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. . •
"The Missouri Pacific limited"
MOUNTAIN VIEW. June 7.— The prop-
osltlon to build a high school in Mountain
View school district wa3 to-day submitted
to the voters and won by 121 to 34.
Votes*f or a High School.
REDWOOD CITY, June 7.— By reason of
the serious illness of Judge George H.
Buck an order has been entered in the Su
perior Court . continuing the trial of all
pending actions to August 1. Judge Buck
took to his bed on the 27th of last
month and has been in a precarious con
dition ever since, his sickness having: de
veloped Into typhoid fever.
Superior Judge Buck HI.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The battleship
Oregon, -which is due, before long at the
Puget Sound naval station, -will undergo
extensive overhauling. The plan contem
plates the removal of the temporary work
performed in the Japanese navy .yard
after the Oregon grounded. „ The repairs
will take about three months.
Oregon Will Be Repaired.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June • 7.— A
party of sixty, accompanying the "Wash
ington, \ Oregon and Idaho delegation to
the National Educational Association at
Buffalo, arrived this morning* over the
Northern Pacific. F. A. Salisbury and the
Commercial Club entertainment commit
tee took the party in charge.' After break
fast at the club the delegates were taken
to. Lake Harriet and. Mlnnehaha Falls.
The . journey east resumed at 3
o'clock. - .
Minneapolis Entertains Delegates.
SACRAMENTO POLITICIAN WHO IS DIRECTED BY THE SUPREME
COURT TO GIVE TESTIMONY IN THE SUIT TO OUST FROM OFFICE
MAYOR CLARK OF THE CAPITAL CITY.
VAUDEVILLE'S "CHOICEST GEMS
. • ¦• -•' .' ¦ . ¦. t
. MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.); JCNE 8.
Parquet. 25c, any part; balcony, 10c; children
10c, any part except reserved.
HINES AND REMINGTON, - FLORENCE
bindley. i martinettt and suther-
land, flatt and sutherland/ the
biograph; , :
. And Final Week of
GRACE VAN 8TUDDIFORD, LEW SULLY,
. HENRY LEE.
THIS , EVENING. :
; . : MATINEE TO-DAY. : ;
MR, JAMES NEILL company. .
Presenting ? . ¦ > - 7; ¦-'¦ j
AGOLONIE GIRL
- PRICES— Evening. 2Sc. 35c.t SOc. 75c. $1
TO-MORROW EVENING. V .
MR. JAMES NEILL and His Company.
\ LAST WEEK. A- -
,' ' . By ¦ special . request,"
A PARISIAN ¦ ROMANCE.
LAST BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
• . June 13— 25c and SOc. > .
morosccts
S&AND OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY 'AND TO-MORROW.
" Last Two I Nljjhts " of ' .
I "LA TOSCA."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, in
Sardou's Grandest Scenic Play,-
"THE EMPRESS' THEODORA."
- ' First Time in . English in This City. . •
Another ~ Two-Dollar I Attraction at Popular
. :."¦ Prices.
• 10c, 13c. 25c. 50c. 73c.
Good Reserved Seat All -Matinees, 25 Cents.
¦ Branch' Ticket Office. Emporium. . '
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW .
•. (SUNDAY). . ¦
TO-NIGHT '¦¦ and ' SUNDAY, EV*G — Last . Times
'¦¦' The Patriotic and Realistic Naval Drama, '
"OLD GLORY."
Thrilling ¦ Naval • Battle — The Baltimore Saved
.... From Destruction — Mobs Assail ¦ Amerl-
¦*¦:•. can Tars, Etc., Etc . \,
DDirUC Evenings.......... 10c,"' 15c, 25c, 33c, EOc
IfilCCJ Matinees...............: 10c.; 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK-*The Successful Melodrama,
••JIM, THE WESTERNER/' .,
New York Sun j says: "The -best American
play ever written." ¦. ¦' . '.•'¦"¦*• '.'.•.. •-»-.<
CHUTES;*™ ZOO
- j LJST DAT* OF '
THE FLYING JORDANS.
Special To-Night.
BIG CAKEWALK!
GASSWAN'S PICKANINNIES
';'¦"."; V.iV.VX-V--.'.' "'VS. .'" ¦ ~*
CHINESE- PICKANINNIES.
-^ Telephone for Seats]\ Park 23.,-
BASEBALL.
SAN F^NClkO'TS-OAKLlNp
SATURDAY^ATj 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT ; 2:30 P. Ml .
'RECREATipNhFARk;
- Eighth : and ; Harrison streets.' ; '
*TIYQLI*
"PLATING TO THE CAPACITY." '• - t I
V • EVENINGS AT J. ;
ANOTHER BIG TOY S0UYEN1&
MATINEE TO-DAY,. June 8tb, at 1
EVERY CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDINO
,-; H ..the 'M •¦- ; -
TOY MAKER !
POPULAR PRICES........ .....23e and 50o
Telephone— Bush t.
UUsLUlWlDlA LEADING THEATRE
'.'¦ . THIRD WEEK OB* THE
Henry miller
SEASON.
MATINEE TO-D/W./ -
. To-nleht— Last Time— The Double Bill.
"GUDGEONS."
And the One-Act Play,
FREDERIC LEMAITRE,
.Beginning next Monday— HENRY MILLER
Will present for the first ¦ time on any stag*
the new Romantic Love Story,
"DARCY OF THE GUARDS.'*
SEATS NOW READY.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whlttlesey, - la Julia
Marlowe's Success,
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, first S rows. 73c Reserve seat*
six days in advance.
:.V-' Next— COUNTESS VELESKA. '
RACING ! RACING ! RACING I
V SPRING MEETING— Opening April 2».
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUrt.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday.. Thurs-
day,' Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. ¦;
Five or more races each day. . . ¦* ,
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. anij
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting "
with trains stopping at the .entrance to the
track. .- Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and thslr escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry - tickets to Shell Mound. All trains - via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. . Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with ' San Pablo avenue - cars . at Four-
teenth and Broadway.- Oakland. . These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the. last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. . ¦.
FISCHER'S concert house.
flOUnfin O Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN.' Matildlta and Ballet.
Katherine Krieg and Minnie Huff. Carrol, At-
lantis, Charles Held and Sam Holdworth.
¦.-' Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
P SUTRO BATHS/
OPENNIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinf? from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. r.x.
ADMISSION lCc CHILDREN. 5c. " ; '.
Bathing Including adml3aion.- 25c. Children. 20c.
|«>B>MACEHOTELr
Visitors to Saa Francisco who mako
their headauarters at, these hotel* en-
Joy * comforts and conveniences not" to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loci.
tlon," courteous att acnes and uaequiied
cuisine. American and European plan*.;
I **GRAND HOTEL*
iiySlllilfiaj
' ADVBRTISEMEl^ > ¦ r
¦¦¦*;¦ Its least virtue is that
it lasts so. ..
Soap is for comfort; the
dean are comfortable .'
',-_ t Pears' soap^cleanliness— - !
is perfect cleanliness. •.
. All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists. ' .
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS, .
GOUT aiittDYSPEPSIA,
VIC HIT
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
\ NEW >VBSTBRNrilbTEL, '
KEAKNY AND. WASHINGTON STS.-RE-'
modeled and' renovated. KINO, WARD . * ,
CO. European plan.' Rooms, 60c to $160 day;
$5 to'|8 week; $8 to 120 month.'. Free baths; hot
and . cold water every room ; fire Crates In every
room: elevator runs all nl«ht.T -?'.¦."; .%'• ri • -7
Al ff nnif R I»V Corner Fourth'; and !
I " A L L v U I IV It I Ma rket. 8. . F. Try
I II h r/« • Kl I I 111 our -'¦ Special j Brew/;
lirtl L 11 U 1 nLi steam and La «^.
, W|li *¦ ••"¦ i i , il T 5c- Overcoats .and
;.v'i' * ¦ ..-.* .' :•;.. •;' , valises checked free.
\ - ADVERTISEMENTS. , .
coprmoMT ttoe «v tms Procter a umili eo. Cincinnati
A; GREAT MAN'S IDEA.
f 1 "lENIUS, as^ Ruskin .definep^ it, is simply
a superior power of seeing. Have you*
__] the genius to see how important an*
element in the success of your house-teeping
is the use of Ivory Soap? Judged by the work
it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should be washed only
with Ivory Soap* .
Examine the pacKag'e I
carefully— make sure you get the genuine article. I
FIGPRUNE is the only cereal coffee made I
from figs, prunes and grain. I
Special methods employed in blending, and I
treatment of raw material, -enable - the I
riGPRUNE CEREAL CO. to ; produce a I
cereal coffee that will brew in 5 'to JO I
¦ m *^. JDelicate flavor. /* I
X54/o Y Children enjoy FIGPRUNE. I
II y* S o/ I ALL GROCERS SELL -\ '.¦'/ f
\orain// JjGPRUNE CEREAL, jTHE PALENA OF THE COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
LINE, WHICH SAILED FOR CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICAN
PORTS YESTERDAY WITH VALUABLE CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. i
J.- C. BURNETT, ¦
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in charge.
TO SAIL.
The cause of the death of Alfred H.
Herzog last Thursday night by falling
from an unrailed porch in the rear of the
Olympia Cafe, at 607 Post street, was in
vestigated yesterday morning by Deputy
Coroner Brown. Brown found that at the
point <. from which Herzog fell the porch
was unprotected for a width of two or
three feet and that the dangerous place
was unlighted.at night. Frank J. Rath,
a butcher, who is the lessee of the prem
ises, put up a temporary railing yester
day morning. \ ¦¦ . ¦ : - *
It Is a Death Trap.
The complaint recites that while Harde
and others were hoisting a heavy stick of
timber out of the hold of the schooner,
Captain Johansen caught hold of one end
of the stick while it was swinging and
gave It a jerk, causing It to fall upon
Harde, breaking his left arm. Harde called
to his fellow workmen to llftup the end
of the timber that was crushing him, but
Captain Johansen ordered the men to roll
the timber away. They obeyed the order
with the result that Harde's left wrist was
broken. . •
Bernhard Harde filed a maritime libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court * against the schooner Alcalde,
George Johansen master, to recover JiO.000
damages for injuries sustained on April
8 .of this year while working as a steve
dore on the vessel. t
Is to Blame. >r
leges That Captain Johansen
IMrJTTItED STEVEDORE
SUES FOB. DAMAGES
Wants Ten Thousand Dollars and Al-
United States Secret Service Agent Ha
zen and Operator Harry Moffitt arrested
George Werner and Charles Kewltz yes
terday on a charge of making a mold and
die for the manufacture of counterfeit
dollars. The alleged offense was com
mitted In the fall of 1898. Kewltz got
away before the officers could 'arrest him,
and since then he has been to Seattle,
Alaska and Los Angeles, arriving from
the last named place a day or two ago.
He made a full confession to Agent Ha
zen. . He said that while in the saloon
business on Bush street three years ago
a stranger made a proposition to him to
make counterfeit dollars and advanced
?150 to have the steel die made. Werner
is a wood carver and volunteere& to get
a ateel engraver to do the work. There
was a disagreement between Kewitz and
Werner as to' his commission, pending
which the stranger disappeared, and there
being no more money In sight the die was
left unfinished.
Secret Service Agents Make Two Ar
rests and Secure a Full /
' * . . v Confession. . .
ACCUSED OF MAKING
COtmTERFEITING DIES
Because v of statements made in the
press,' with which the Surveyor and his
deputy had nothing to do, that the rev
enue cutters were laid up for repairs too
long and too often, Captain Cushing. be
came offended and ascribed their author
ship to Mr. St. John.
The Collector will not call the attention
of the authorities at Washington to • this
alleged . breach of Interofflcial etiquette
upon the high seas or on the inland wat
ers of the State,' and the incident was de
clared closed until the next time.
The Collector sent j for Surveyor ' Spear
anrl asked him. for an explanation. Mr.
Spear, drew » the. Collector's attention to a
note signed' by Deputy . St. John on the
back', of one of. Captain-. Bermingham's
cards in refutation • of the charges made
by tho. incensed commander, of the rev
enue j cutter. . ' The note was addressed to
one of the customs • inspectors on board
an incoming passenger steamer, request
ing the inspector to allow Captain Berm
ingham to board the steamer and to ex
tend the usual courtesies to him. . - The
note was not addressed to Captain Cush
ing at all, and in the vernacular it" was
decided that he had "no kick coming"
and that he had been shooting at a
shadow. ¦¦''.- •¦-'•' ' \ • '
The relations between Customs Surveyor
Spear and .his deputy, Chauhcey* M. St.
Johri.vfon the one side and Commander
Cushing . of the revenue cutter Golden
Gato on the other are more than strained,
all because the_ sea official thought that
the: customs "officials were trying* to in
fringe upon his prerogatives. Commander
Cushing opened fire yesterday by sending
a letter. to, the Collector of Customs set
ting forth that Deputy St. John had . at
tempted to smuggle Supervising Inspecto^
John Bermingham upon his boat to meet*
a steamer a few days- aeo. w -
Accuses the Surveyor's Dep
-; uty of Infringing, on
His Rights.
Captain Cushing Fires a
Volley at Custom-
House.
WAR BREWING
ON A CUTTER
FROM SEATTLE.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain 1 California rivers . in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, on« second -foot
equaling: 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures/are
Jr om J* B ' -yPP-ncott, hydrographer , of the
United States Geological. Survey:
FLOW OF RIVERS.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
[OUNTAIN.
KINGS RIVER AT. RED
United States Coast and * Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
• Waters at' Fort /Point, j entrance to' San
Francisco Bay. •¦ Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent" ¦• '
NOTE— The high and low praters occur mt
the city front • (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the. height of tide is the same at ¦ both' places.
Sun, Moon and „ Tide.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 7— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from/ Hap burg, for New York,
via Cherbourg. .. ' V, •;*..'¦ ¦ , I .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 5— Br ship So
koto, for Hull; Dutch bark Pax, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 7 — Ger stmr Sesos
trls, hence Feb 6. . ' -¦ ' . • ¦ . . -;
SUEZ— Arrived June J 7— Br stmr Moyunne,
from Tacoma. ' ¦ . . . . -
COMOX— Arrived June 6— Br stmr "Wyefleld,
hence May 31. ' . •
OCEAN STEAMERS. ' [.' >' "'
"DOVER— Passed June 7— Stmr Desterro, from
Hamburg, for San Francisco. . .. i • . .
GENOA— Arrived June 3— Stmr Georgia, from
New York. ' - ¦-. ",
HAMBURG — Arrived June 7— Stmr Sesostrls,
from San Francisco, etc, via Havre.
SUEZ— Arrived June 7— Stmr Monyune, from
Seattle, via Nagasaki, etc.
NAPLES— Sailed June 7— Stmr Hohenzollern,
from Genoa, for 'New York. .; V ».
MOVILLE— Sailed June . 7— Stmr 3 Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, lorNew York ;« Btmr .Tunisian,
from Liverpool, . for Montreal. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 7— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, for Boston. .^ ¦
ANTWERP— Arrived June 6— Br shls Port
Stanley, hence Jan 31.
COLON — Arrived June 6 — Stmr Finance, from
New York. „ . • • .
HAMBURG— Arrived June 6— Br ship Scot
tish Isles, from Portland, Or. « •
MANILA— Arrived April 28— Br stmr Good
win, from Astoria. . ¦ • • '
SHARPNESS^-Arrlved June 4— Br ship Crown
of Scotland, hence Jan 30. • ¦ • 9 ~ ¦ ¦ ¦•
HIOGO-Sailed June 3— Ger bark Wandsbek,
for Astoria. Or. > . . .- ; . *.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 7— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco: bktn Addenda, for Callao.
EUREKA— Arrived June 7— Stmr North Fork,
hence June 5;- schr Lottie Carson, from San
Pedro; stmr. Scotia, from Grays Harbor.- »
Sailed June 7— Stmr Eureka, for San' Fran
cisco; stmr South Coast, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE—Sailed June 6-Schr Thos F Bay
ard, - for Nome. - ' '. ¦
SYDNEY— Sailed June 7— Br bark Melanope,
for San Francisco..
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 7— Stmr Del
Norte, from Crescent City. June 2— Schr For
tune, from Eureka. ¦ ¦ \ ' ¦ • •
DRAKES BAY— Sailed June 2— Stmr News
boy, for Nome.
VENTURA— Arrived June 7— Barge Santa
Paula, hence June 5,' in tow of tug Rescue.
Sailed June 7— Barge Santa Paula, in tow
of tug Rescue,- for San Francisco. ' • 1
BAH DIEGO— Sailed June 7— Bktn J M Grif
fith, for Port Hadlock. ....
USAL— Sailed June 7— Stmr Aloha, ¦ for Re
dondo. • • , .'
KARLUK — Arrived May 27— Ship Santa
Clara, hence March 30. May 15— Ship Star of
Russia, hence Aoril 26.
COOKS INLET— Arrived April 21— Ship Ber
lin, hence March 20. " • . >'-
PIRATE COVE— Arrived May 3— Schr Stan
ley, hence April 11, and sailed May 3 for Ber
ing Sea.
1 CLEARED.
¦ Friday, June 7.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Chil stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso arid
way ports; Balfourth, Guthrle & Co.
• Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenftld's Sons. •
Cer ship Edmund, Gerlitzky, Liverpool; Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.
Br bark • Invernelll. Patterson,' Queenstown;
E C Evans.
SAILED.
Friday, June 7.
Stmr Geo "W Elder, Randall, • Astoria.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. :
Stmr Curacao. Parsons, Guaymas.
Stinr Greenwood, Fagerlund, . ¦
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Chil stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso and way
ports. * ' - ¦ - .• .' - • . •
. Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Bktn Katie Fllckinger, Zenthen, Mollendo.
Schr Carrie and Annie, Foster, Marshall
Islands, via Honolulu.
Schr Glen, Nelson, Notleys Landing..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 6. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 40 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ; ' .
TACOMA— Sailed June 7— Bktn Portland. ' for
San Francisco. • • ;
! PORT . TOWNSEND— Arrived June 7— Bark
Snow & Burgess, from Honolulu. * '
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaguey; Btmr Chas D Lane, hence
June 2. .' ¦ .*'..'
Sailed June 7— Stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 7— Stmr Rival,
hence June 3; Br ship Poltalloch, from off the
beach fit South Bend. ¦ , :• ¦ '
SANI> POINT— Arrived April 25— Bktn Fre
mont, hence April 22, and sailed May 3 for
Berin- Sea. _
SATURDAY. JUNE 8.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRA1
Sun rises. :..... '.;;.•...;.. .4:47
Sun Bets '.....;.......-. .*.....- .';.-. .'....7:80
Moon rises .'........11:41' p. m;
. A' petition) in ! insolvency; was 5 filed yes
terday in the United States (District Court
by Frank W. Hill, : a ? miner of "i Angels
Camp, Calaveras ; County. • He owes $967 20
and has no assets. •- - : ,.
Insolvency • Petitions.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left
hand column and \ the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to "time;. of
day; -the third time column gives the last tide
of 'the -'day. except • when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States • Coast . Survey ' charts, except when-- a
minus (—) sign precedes the height, and then
the- number given is subtracted from the "depth
given- by the charts.'- The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters. ¦
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., * Mer
¦'• chants'/ Exchange, ¦- San '."Francisco, iCaL,'
. ; ; June.. 7, 1901.. •.; >-'. .. - v. -• e: y.r.. j- .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
Batteries of Field and Companies of
INCREASE IS OBDEBED
IN ARTILLERY SERVICE
Light Gun Corps Are to Be
Strengthened.
WASHINGTON. June 7.— An order has
been issued at the War Department di
recting the organization of five batteries
of field artillery and three companies of
light artillery In addition to those now in
the service. They will be organized at
the following places:
Fort Sam Houston, Texas., one battery,
the Seventeenth: the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, one battery, the Eighteenth; Fort
Rlley. Kansas, two batteries, the Nine
teenth and Twentieth; Fort Sheridan. Il
linois, one battery, the Twenty-first: Fort
Hancock. New Jersey, one company, the
Ninety-fifth; Fort Warren. Massachu
setts, one company, the Ninety-sixth;
Fort Adams, Rhode Island, one company,
the Ninety-seventh. These additional bat
teries and companies will be organized by
transfers from the following existing or
ganizations: Second, Fifth, Sixth. Sev
enth and Ninth batteries, and the Forty
eighth, Seventy-seventh and Seventy
eighth companies.
.Two additional artillery bands are also
authorized to be known as the Ninth and
Tenth bands. Artillery Corps. One of the
bands will be stationed at Fort Riley,
Kansas, and the other at Fort "Warren,
Massachusetts. . '
MAUD ADAMS TO PLAY
WITH SARAH BEENHARDT
American Actress Will Be Juliet to
the Celebrated French Trage- <»
dienne's Borneo.
LONDON, June 7.— Sarah Bernhardt
will play Romeo for a hundred nights in
America to Maud Adams' Juliet. This
Important theatrical event was arranged
last evening at a supper given by Sarah
Bernhardt to Charles Frohman, at which
Maurice Grau, her manager, was also
present, lime. Bernhardt will play in
English, and after the American tour the
two actresses will appear here and on the
Continent.
Mme. Bernhardt has taken Frohman's
prompt copy in manuscript and will study
the role in English during the summer. It
is the desire of both managers to have
Bernhardt appear as Romeo, following
her coming production of "Theodora" at
the Sarah Bernhardt Theater in Paris.
Before Miss Adams returns to America
she will meet Mme. Bernhardt in Paris
and go over the scenes of the first act.
"DUDE BILL" MUBDEBS '
PRETTY INDIAN BRIDE
Proud Member of Utah Tribe Shoots
Woman p.nd Then Ends
His Life.
SALT LAKE, June 7.— The Deseret
News to-day received information from
the Deep Creek Indian reservation, lo
cated in an isolated district of Utah, that
on Memorial day "Dude Bill," one of the
proudest of his tribe, shot and killed his
pretty bride and then In a fit of remorse
committed spicide by sending a bullet
through his own heart. No reason is
known for the tragedy. Sorrow among
the Indians is general, for It was the
first time that one of their people ever
eommitted a wanton murder or died by
his own hand. i
CROWD RUNS IN TERROR >
jl FROM A BURNING PAPER
One Hundred Persons Injured During
Bush From a Supposed Bomb,
in Barcelona.
MADRID, June 7.— A dispatch received
from Barcelona says that during the Cor
pus Christi procession yesterday some
burning paper fell on a balcony and the
crowd, believing it was a bomb, became
panic stricken and fled. There was a fear
ful crush, women fainted and a hundred
persons were injured, but no fatalities
have been reported.
Hospital for Colored Porters.
CHICAGO. June 7.-James D. Ross,
president" of the Railway Porters' Asso
ciation. Issued a call for a meeting of the
executive committee in this city June 20
to complete arrangements for the estab
lishment of a private hospital for colored
men in the railway service. The question
of calling a national convention before or
% ft , er >, th > e national convention of the
Colored People's National Business Asso
ciation will also be considered.
Dies From Chloroform.
BUTTE. Mont., June 7.-Mrs. Mabel
Cammack, aged 23, was found dead In
bed to-day with a handkerchief satu
rated with chloroform over her face
S i le SSiK? d ,*'JS:hter of William Morris
of 3402 North Twenty-eighth avenue
Omaha, and was divorced from her hus
band. She had been here three months
looking for work. Her friends do not be
lieve it is a case of suicide, but think
she used the chloroform to induce sleep
Hog Stealing and Fatal Shooting'.
HOUSTON. Tex., June 7.-An indict
ment charging hog-stealing resulted in a
shooting affray in the street here to-day
in which Thomas Payne and L. G. Echols
were killed. J. B. Perkins I was , fatally
shot and Dave Echols t>adl> wounded
Every bullet fired struck the mark with
the exception of one, which young Payne
fired and which struck his father, but he
was probably dead at the time.
ARRIVED.
_¦ - Friday, June 7.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Brajs. ¦•V^.C'.V^/^iVi:-- v. h
Stmr Coronado. Johnson, 46 hours from San
Pedro. ' i.
Stmr Washlenaw. Zoning, 82 hours from
Taccma.
fstmr , Arcata, Nelson, 63 hours . from - Coos
Bay, via Port Orf ord 41 hours. !
. Bark Highland Light, McLure, 7 days from
Tacoma. , »: . '
Bktn Newsboy, Chopperfield, 27 days from'
Honolulu. . .*¦ ¦
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 13 days from Hono
lulu. . • • ¦ j ' ¦•¦.-¦¦• .
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen, j 18 days k from
Kahulul. .. • . ».¦*"."- - :•'<-. ..-,...
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. 1 " 6 : hours" 't rom
Point Reyes. . •
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamer Palena. sailed yesterday for Val
paraiso, and way ports with a general cargo,
valued at $39,123, manifested and destined aa
follows: For Mexico, JS4S3; Central America,
$19,030; Ecuador. $2585; Peru, $1863; Chile, $7162.
The following were the principal exports:
For Mexico— IS cs bottle beer, 4416 lbs beans,
2949 lbs bread, 24 cs baking powder, 750 lbs
cocoa, 8 cs canned goods, 2240 lbs coffee. 2235
lbs dried fruit, 3 cs dry goods. 12 . bbls flour,
670 pkgs groceries and provisions, -342' pkgs
hardware, 524 bales hay, 30 crs mlllwork, 22
pkgs paste, 22 crs potatoes, 20 cs olives, 8 cs oil,
10 ere onions, 17 pkgs paints, 16 bdls pipe, 4500
lbs rice, 4848 lbs sugar, 320 bdls snooks, 26 pkgs
wagon material, 12 cs whisky, 25 cs, 392 gals
wine.
For Central America — ICO cs coal oil, 7 cs
canned goeds, 4444 bbls' flour, 50 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 10 cs glassware, 22 bdls
iron, 720 lbs lard, 65,000 ft lumber, 12 . bdls
leather, 65 kegs white lead. 40 cs oil, 6 kegs
nails, 12 pkgs paints, 89 crs potatoes, 12 bdls
spices, 28 pkgs paste. 14 cs turpentine. 583 gals
wine, 20 cs wire, 40 cs whisky; 9 cs wall paper.
For Ecuador— 430 bbls flour, 54,000 lbs salt, 17
pkgs groceries and provisions, 30 crs potatoes,
50 crs onions, 1200 gals .wine,' 3816 lbs sugar,
4632 lbs rice, 10 cs salmon, 4 cs canned goods.
For Peru— 700 lbs tea. 52 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 9474 lbs tallow, 406 lbs hops, 205
gals wine, 3245 railroad tics.
For Chile— 32 cs salmon, 2250 bbls flour, 400
ctls barley, 5 cs hardware.
Wheat for Europe.
The German ship ¦ Edmund cleared yesterday
for Liverpool with 105,349 ctls wheat, valued at
J1C5.S50, and 34,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued
at *510. ' ¦ ' ,
The British ship Invernelll cleared yesterday
for Queentown. for orders with 53,073 ctls
wheat, valued at $67, 869. -and 20,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $300.
Cargo of the Palena.
The Aloha will load merchandise for Hono
lulu: the Martha. Davis, same for Hilo; the
Cardiganshire, wheat for Europe. 3Ss 9d; the
Emma Claudina, lumber (at Eureka) for Hon
olulu.
Matters of. Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Sugar Boats Arrive
The barkentlnes Newsboy and Irmgard
arrived from the islands yesterday. The
latter made the run in the splendid time
of thirteen days. The Newsboy got the
same weather as the rest of the fleet, but
took twenty-seven days to make the trip.
While coming to an anchor the Newsboy's
chain parted and before she could be
brought up was foul of the Martha Davis.
Both 'vessels were a little chafed, but no
serious damage was done, i A tug sep
arated them and took the Newsboy to a
safe anchorage.
• ¦ ¦ ¦
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia will sail en Sunday at 10 a. m. for
Honolulu. The change in the sailing date
has been caused by the Tush of freight.
The same company's Sonoma will go out
in place of the Ventura on June 20.
The steamship General Frisbie .is now
permanently on the Vallejo run, the
Monticello being laid up for an overhaul
ing. :'•>
The little steamship Copper Queen
docked at Howard-street wharf yester
day. She comes from Rogue River with
sixteen tons of quartz to be tried at Sel
by's. The owners have discovered agold
mine on Gold Gulch, Rogue River, and
are about to test Its value.
Newcastle, Australia— British steamship Roy
alist. 2054 tons net. S
Shanghai— British steamship Flintshire. 2176
tons net; Ching Wo, 2517, and Norwegian
Eteamship Guernsey, 2S08.
Yokohama— British steamship Imogene, 2454
tons net; Cymbaline, 21S0, and Sutherland, 22S6.
Java— British steamship Masconomo, 2738 toiid
net.
The advent of this fleet will mean a cut
in rates for "wind jammers" and other
steamships now on the coast.
• . m • .
A Water Front Combine.
There is now -a firewood trust on the
water front. At the present time there
are four wholesale dealers on the beach,
but they have formed a combination and
now two of the yards will do all the work.
One of them will be at the south end of
Channel street and the other at North
Beax:h. The new concern Is known as the
Union Wood and Timber Company and is
composed of N. Iverson Trading Com
pany. Bender Bros., Devoto & Pedrini and
the Richardson Company. Bender Bros.'
yard at Chajinel street and Devoto' s yard
at North Beach will be continued and the
others closed. Extra saws have been put
in at both places and there will be no de
lay and no cutting of prices. Each con
cern has forwarded the following circular
to its customers:
We would respectfully inform you that the
Unicn Wood and Timber Company has suc
ceeded to our wood business, which will be
conducted with the same care as formerly.
All the schooners handled by the con
cern will continue running as usual.
Another month or so will see a score of
tramp steamships on the coast seeking
business. Many of them are new vessels;
some of them are fast and all are good
carriers and economical. Seven of the
fleet fly the American flag. The others
are foreign, principally British. The
steamships, the ports from which they
are coining and their net tonnage are:
Baltimore — American steamship Ascunclon,
1323 tons net; Enterprise, 1681; Paraguay. 132S,
and Kdith. 1495.
Philadelphia— Pleides. 2932 tons net.
Norfolk— Eureka. 1339 tons net: Tampico, 1451.
Antwerp— German steamship Numantia, 2S50
tons net.
Manila— British eteamship Glamorganshire,
2830 tons net.
Montevideo— British Eteamship Norwood, 1465
tons net.
Nagasaki— British steamship >. Oak Branch,
A Score of Them Now on Their Way
, to the Coast. >¦
TRAMP STEAMSHIPS COMING.
THE. Palena of the Compania Sud
Americana de Vapores Jine sailed
for Central and South American
ports yesterday. She took away
a large and valuable cargo and a
number of passengers. Among those who
departed on the steamship were G. W.
Colvig, who will be United States Consul
at Barranquilla, United States of Colom
bia, and . T. Isaka. a leading Japanese
merchant of Callao. Peru. Another pas
senger is Seig-uma Kitsuani. A large por
tion of the steamship's cargo belongs to
him, and with it he intends starting a
general merchandise house in Peru.^ The
Palena was late in -getting away, owing
to a quantity of freight arriving at the
last moment. The Colombia, the next
vessel of the line, will be due here next
Wednesday. The Palena's passengers are:
Jaka Havilar.d. T. Tanaka, Dr. A. L. Mor
rill. Juan Taraayo, Severiano Tamayo, Ra
phael Diaz. Francisco Diaz, Mrs. Van Zant
and children. George S. Allen. M. P. McDon
ald. William Snyder, P. H. Farnum. B. Gi!
len, Frank Fox, John Graham, Miss Rose
Thayer, Cristovel Siekavizza, Joaquin Saleido,
AutniBtin Somellera, A. D. Martinez, John 'Mar
shal!. G. W. Colvig and wife. Miss Nell de
Peatt. H. P. Garthwait. • T. Isaka, Miss L.
Siordia, Juan Luna, Juan Vasquez, Seigruma
Kitsuani, S. Sasaki. ' S ;
to-day. About twenty of the delegates
were presented to the Lord Mayor and
were shown over the Mansion House. A
number of members of the London Cham
ber of Commerce, including Lord Bras-
Bey and Sir Albert K. Rollit, were pres
ent Among others were Rear Admiral
Erben, U. S. N., and Sir Hiram Maxim.
The Lord Mayor addressed the Ameri
cans, thanking them in the warmest terms
for their visit and declaring that nothing
could have done more to' promote a per
fect understanding and unity between the
two greatest nations of the world. He
alluded to Morris K. Jessup's reference
in his speech at the banquet Wednesday
to the impossibility of jealous rivalry ex
isting between the United States and
Great Britain as one of the truest things
«ver said. Lord Brassey spoke in a" sim
ilar strain. Jessup, in replying, said:
"Your kindness has captivated our
hearts. We are not worthy of it."
Loud cries of "No!" in which some of
the Americans joined followed this re
mark of Mr. Jessup.
Jessup then referred to his fellow dele
gates as "children of this great country,"
and concluded with expressions of fervent
thanks for their reception. The Lord
Mayor then proposed the healths of King
Edward and President McKinley, coup
ling with the latter a heartfelt wish for
Mrs. McKinley's recovery.
Andrew Carnegie was the center of at
traction throughout. After the ceremo
nies the Lord Mayor went up to him and
said he especially wanted to shake hands
with Carnegie, who said:
"In New York, in my young and poor
day, when I read about Dick Whitting
ton. I little thought I should stand here
shaking the Lord Mayor's hand."
The Lord Mayor replied:
"We read nothing else to-day but of
Carnegie's splendid gifts, and in the name
of the English people I want to thank you
for your unexampled generosity."
The delegates were then entertained at
an informal luncheon in Salters by the
London Chamber of Commerce. • 1
LONDON, June 7.— The Lord Mayor,
Frank Green, and the Sheriffs received
• the deJegates from the New York Cham
ber of Commerce at the Mansion House
New York Merchants
Welcomed in Man
sion House.
. — »
Andrew Carnegie Specially
Honored at the Gath
ering.
LONDON'S MAYOR
GIVES GREETING
THE S AN r ( CALL; SATUBDAY, ; JUOT1 8, 190 1^
Japanese Merchant, Who Has Goods; Aboard With Which to Open a Store
in Callao, Goes Along—A Firewood Trust Formed on the Front— Score
of Tramp Steamships on Their Way to the Coast in Search of Business
PALENA SAILS WITH PASSENGERS
AND FREIGHT FOR SOUTH AMERICA
:oex
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY.
8
. Time " : Time • ¦• . ITlme Time
Date Ft' Ft. Ft. Ft .
H W L" W H W L W . .;
8... 8:00 4.7 9:36 0.5 4:49 6 2 10:38 ~1A
9 ... 4:16 4.3 10:29 0.9 5:30 5.4 11:46 1.8
10 . .|*5:43| 4.0| ll:26| 1.4 6:14 6.6.
. |L W| V|HWI LWI H W
11 .. 0:44 l.ll 7:01] 4.1 12:19 H.8 1 7:00 5.9
12... 1:44 0.4| 8:241 -4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46| «.2
13 .. 2:40— 0.2|i 9>30l 4.3 ' 2:0S 2.4 8:301 fi. 4
14 ... 3:33 — O.8| 10:34( 4.4 3:00 ,2.6 : 9:18 °- 6.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Eureka.....'...:
Strathgyle
Crescent City..
Fulton..
Columbia
Queen
City of Para....
Milton
San Pedro
Bonita
W. H Kruger.
Empire
Mackinaw
Pomona
Ventura
Tellus....
Alliance
Condor
North Fork
Walla Walla. .<
Newburg
Rival
Czarina
Acme
Progreao
Colombia
Noyo
Santa Barbara
Rainier.;
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa
Wyefleld
H'kong Maru..
G. W. Elder...
Arcata
Humboldt ...............
China via San Diego
Crescent- CJty ;
Grays Harbor
Portland '. and Astoria.'.
San, Diego..... '....
Panama & Way Ports.
Nanaimo
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Seattle
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports..
Oyster Harbor
Portland and Coos Bay
Tacoma .'.....
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports.,...
Grays Harbor
Wlllapa Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma
Siuslaw River
Tacoma ...:
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt
San Pedro
Seattle & New Whatcm
Point Arena.--
Newport
San Diego ...V
Comox .'.;.
China and Japan. . . '. . .'.
Portland and Astoria..
Coos Bay
June 8
June 8
June 9
June 9
June * 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June - 9
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 12
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 15
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Czarina
Coronado.....
Kobt. Dollar..
City Sydney...
Corona...'
Point Arena..
Zealandla.....
Mandalay.....
Santa Rosa...
Brunswick...
Arcata
Eureka..:....
W. Kruger...
CltyofPuebla.
- . June 8.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Seattle & Everett..
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama & Way...
Newport ..i
Point Arena
June 9. ;.
Honolulu ...........
Coquille River
Ban Diego.........'..
i June 1O. . ¦
Nome & Teller....
Coos Bay.....
Humboldt ...J
Tillamook Bay ...
Puget Sound Ports.
June 11. |
Humboldt
San Pedro
. June 12.
Humboldt ..........
Coos Bay.....
San Diego
Astoria & Portland
Jane 13. ' \ |
Siuslaw River..... \
Humboldt
Portl'd & Coos Bay
June 14. . ¦
Humboldt
China & Japan....
Grays Harbor ....
5 pm
10 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
10 am
9 am
6 pm
4 pm
12 m
12 m
11 am
• . i
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier Z
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pomona
Bonlta
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Santa Barb. . .
Empire..'..'..:
Queen..
Columbia
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Acme
San Pedro..;.
Alliance
11 am
10 am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 16
North Fork...
Gaelic....:..;,
Newburg,....
9 am
1 pm
[10 am
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
City of Seattle.
St. Paul
Cottage City...
Bertha..
Victorian.......
AIM.......
Chas. Nelson:..
Jeanle..........
Nome City.....
City of Topeka.
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
Nome & St.- Michael... June 8
Bkaguay & Way Ports. June 9
Valdez & "Way Ports.. June 10
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Nome direct.............. June 15
Nome, Teller * Topkuk June 15
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
DATE.
¦ Second Feet.. I '¦-.'¦
1 IM-ngr Co.
1900. . 1901. ' I Canal.
Total
1901.
May. 26........
May 27........
May 28........
May 29
May 30........
May ; 81. ..'.:...-
June 1.. ......
8064
8704
8384
8064
6769
80S4
.7424
4,610 •
4,320 -
/ 4,075"
6,185:
•7.720' .
9,000 5 •
10,920'
¦7 •
7
;;:7 '
7
. ' 7. ¦
7 .,
1-4.617
- ? 4,327
: . .4.082
5,192
7,727
: : 9,007
I 10,927
1 3 Second Feet.
DATE.
.' woo.- 1 1901 :
19011
May 26..................
May 27..... ;•
May 28....... ; '.
May 29............ ........ ..!'
May 30............ :. .
May 31 ......!
June 1... ..."....•....¦.¦.........:.... '
7364 1
.8146- •
7882 ..
7090. ,
7618 ¦
7882
7354 •
9202
' 8410
• 7618
,6830
4775
7882
,:8938
DATE.
.<Second Feet.
1900. I -uoi:
1901.
May 26.;.....;...............:.....
May 27., ..;... ..;... ......:..
May 28...i.. ...... ...;•.. ..;../.....
May 2J......
May 30..
May 31..:
June I;:.-... ...:...........;,
8800 .6,620
8200. 6,260
8500 ' 6,000
7040 6,260
8800 7,040
8800 ¦ 9,990
7600 15,480
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900.
1901.
May 26.. ............... .;„.......;
May.27..... „...
May 28.:.....-...-....:......;...;... '
May 29..............;.........;.,.
May 30:............;...;... . .
May 8i:. ......:........;.;......'..¦.
June 1.'. .;:-. ;. . . : . .*-.... j
7265
..•7000
.7000
6750
6500
'6265
' 6265
;8070
.7800
: 8070 .
8070 . ¦'.
. 7800>
- 7530.
7265 .
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Eureka.....'...:
Strathgyle
Crescent City..
Fulton..
Columbia
Queen
City of Para....
Milton
San Pedro
Bonita
W. H Kruger.
Empire
Mackinaw
Pomona
Ventura
Tellus....
Alliance
Condor
North Fork
Walla Walla. .<
Newburg
Rival
Czarina
Acme
Progreao
Colombia
Noyo
Santa Barbara
Rainier.;
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa
Wyefleld
H'kong Maru..
G. W. Elder...
Arcata
Humboldt ...............
China via San Diego
Crescent- CJty ;
Grays Harbor
Portland '. and Astoria.'.
San, Diego..... '....
Panama & Way Ports.
Nanaimo
Humboldt
San Pedro & Way Pts.
San Pedro
Coos Bay
Seattle
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports..
Oyster Harbor
Portland and Coos Bay
Tacoma .'.....
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports.,...
Grays Harbor
Wlllapa Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma
Siuslaw River
Tacoma ...:
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt
San Pedro
Seattle & New Whatcm
Point Arena.--
Newport
San Diego ...V
Comox .'.;.
China and Japan. . . '. . .'.
Portland and Astoria..
Coos Bay
June 8
June 8
June 9
June 9
June * 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June 9
June - 9
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 10
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 11
June 12
June 12
June 12
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 12
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 15
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Czarina
Coronado.....
Kobt. Dollar..
City Sydney...
Corona...'
Point Arena..
Zealandla.....
Mandalay.....
Santa Rosa...
Brunswick...
Arcata
Eureka..:....
W. Kruger...
CltyofPuebla.
- . June 8.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Seattle & Everett..
Seattle & Hadlock.
Panama & Way...
Newport ..i
Point Arena
June 9. ;.
Honolulu ...........
Coquille River
Ban Diego.........'..
i June 1O. . ¦
Nome & Teller....
Coos Bay.....
Humboldt ...J
Tillamook Bay ...
Puget Sound Ports.
June 11. |
Humboldt
San Pedro
. June 12.
Humboldt ..........
Coos Bay.....
San Diego
Astoria & Portland
Jane 13. ' \ |
Siuslaw River..... \
Humboldt
Portl'd & Coos Bay
June 14. . ¦
Humboldt
China & Japan....
Grays Harbor ....
5 pm
10 am
5 pm
12 m
9 am
2 pm
10 am
10 am
9 am
6 pm
4 pm
12 m
12 m
11 am
• . i
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier Z
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pomona
Bonlta
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Santa Barb. . .
Empire..'..'..:
Queen..
Columbia
2 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Acme
San Pedro..;.
Alliance
11 am
10 am
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 16
North Fork...
Gaelic....:..;,
Newburg,....
9 am
1 pm
[10 am
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
City of Seattle.
St. Paul
Cottage City...
Bertha..
Victorian.......
AIM.......
Chas. Nelson:..
Jeanle..........
Nome City.....
City of Topeka.
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 8
Nome & St.- Michael... June 8
Bkaguay & Way Ports. June 9
Valdez & "Way Ports.. June 10
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Nome direct.............. June 15
Nome, Teller * Topkuk June 15
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
1 3 Second Feet.
DATE.
.' woo.- 1 1901 :
19011
May 26..................
May 27..... ;•
May 28....... ; '.
May 29............ ........ ..!'
May 30............ :. .
May 31 ......!
June 1... ..."....•....¦.¦.........:.... '
7364 1
.8146- •
7882 ..
7090. ,
7618 ¦
7882
7354 •
9202
' 8410
• 7618
,6830
4775
7882
,:8938
DATE.
.<Second Feet.
1900. I -uoi:
1901.
May 26.;.....;...............:.....
May 27., ..;... ..;... ......:..
May 28...i.. ...... ...;•.. ..;../.....
May 2J......
May 30..
May 31..:
June I;:.-... ...:...........;,
8800 .6,620
8200. 6,260
8500 ' 6,000
7040 6,260
8800 7,040
8800 ¦ 9,990
7600 15,480
DATE.
¦ Second Feet.. I '¦-.'¦
1 IM-ngr Co.
1900. . 1901. ' I Canal.
Total
1901.
May. 26........
May 27........
May 28........
May 29
May 30........
May ; 81. ..'.:...-
June 1.. ......
8064
8704
8384
8064
6769
80S4
.7424
4,610 •
4,320 -
/ 4,075"
6,185:
•7.720' .
9,000 5 •
10,920'
¦7 •
7
;;:7 '
7
. ' 7. ¦
7 .,
1-4.617
- ? 4,327
: . .4.082
5,192
7,727
: : 9,007
I 10,927
. Time " : Time • ¦• . ITlme Time
Date Ft' Ft. Ft. Ft .
H W L" W H W L W . .;
8... 8:00 4.7 9:36 0.5 4:49 6 2 10:38 ~1A
9 ... 4:16 4.3 10:29 0.9 5:30 5.4 11:46 1.8
10 . .|*5:43| 4.0| ll:26| 1.4 6:14 6.6.
. |L W| V|HWI LWI H W
11 .. 0:44 l.ll 7:01] 4.1 12:19 H.8 1 7:00 5.9
12... 1:44 0.4| 8:241 -4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46| «.2
13 .. 2:40— 0.2|i 9>30l 4.3 ' 2:0S 2.4 8:301 fi. 4
14 ... 3:33 — O.8| 10:34( 4.4 3:00 ,2.6 : 9:18 °- 6.6
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900.
1901.
May 26.. ............... .;„.......;
May.27..... „...
May 28.:.....-...-....:......;...;... '
May 29..............;.........;.,.
May 30:............;...;... . .
May 8i:. ......:........;.;......'..¦.
June 1.'. .;:-. ;. . . : . .*-.... j
7265
..•7000
.7000
6750
6500
'6265
' 6265
;8070
.7800
: 8070 .
8070 . ¦'.
. 7800>
- 7530.
7265 .
ADVEBTISETVrTTNTS. ..__-- _-: £jzJH
"jliOLUTK SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER* LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^^
, to take as sugar. -
QFF l*A'im>Efe FOR HEADACHE. SEE
v th CARTERS for DiniMEss. occ
f^lTTIF FOR BILIOUSNESS. nrMIIIMr
GENUINE W VFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
H Pill *? FOR CONSTIPATIOK.
U/D A DDCD H B I FOB SALLOW SKI K. WR A PPFR
WRAPPER 1^^ IroRTHECoMPLExioM VYnArrtti
25 Cents I Punay VegetaDle./^^**^^*^
u r>K.I2^TE3D ! O1T K,E3D PAPERS
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
J lBHffJ9S^s^a»^ssi-f>/{
¦ ¦'-,¦- ¦ /
TheMMiinChlfgr
Of the Burlington Overland
Excursions has made the trans-
. continental trip scores of
times. He knows all the
i points of interest en route. He
looks after his passengers day
and night ; sees that the por-
. ; ters do their duty ; that the
journey across the continent
is ENJOYABLE as well as
quick and comfortable.
From Los Angeles. Mondays and Wed-
nesdays ; ' San Francisco, Tuesdays and
* Thursdays — Omaha,
" , Chicago, Kansas City,'
fn555ng| St. Louis and beyond.
ll>l>l3lIlTUiUlii Tickets and berths
iHTirWrW)! at aT ' cet Street.
IWsmmMI \V. D. Sanborn,
I I V . Gen'l Agent
CALIFORM HORTHWESTESB-RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St>
San Francisco to San Rafael..
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, U:00 a. m-:" 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. tn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:S0
and 11:30 p. m. ¦¦- ¦ ¦ I . -
SUNDATS-8:00. »:J0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, 1:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ¦ - . ' .-. .
- ; • San Rafael to San Francisco.' -
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:56'
and 6:35 p. m. . ¦
SUNDATS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:«6, «:2S p. m. • ' . - -
Leave I In Eftect I - Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28, 1901. { San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I | Sun- ' I Weelc
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. J . '
7:30 am - Windsor. - *, 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg;. 10:40 am
i Lytton.
Geyservllle. . ¦¦'.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.. 7:35 pm 6:20pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pm I 'Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am • 10:40 am 10:25 am
> 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm * .
3:30 pm 5:00 pm , . ' '. (:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and 1 '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am) 8:00 ami ¦:•¦... 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrss; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyoerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: i at Hopland for' Duncan
Springs, Highland -'Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes,. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Poaio, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buckneils,
Sanhedrin .Heisrhts. Hullville. Ort*s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag;*;. West-
port, Usal, Willits, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's,- . Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. • . " v '
- Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • - ' ¦ . . ¦ ¦ .
- On Sunday round j trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 630 Market street, Chronicle .
Buildinr. : •
H. C. WHITING, " R. X. RYAN.
- Gen. Manager.. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains-Daiiy
• Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. -
. - ; Local Lim'd I Ovrl'd Local
. ¦ . \ v Mon. &l
Dally Thurs.| Dally Pally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•' Merced ... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a
", Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a :.'
"Hanford.: 4:22 p 8:27 p 7:0« a
".Vlsalla... 4:10p 4:10 p 4:45 a .... "
""Tulare..:: 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a .
'.'"Bak'rsfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
i". Kans's Cy 2:41a 7:30 a .." ""
" Chicago .. | :. 2:15p 9:00p ..;....*
' a (or morning; pfor afternoon. . '
! , 9:00 a. i; m. train - i« the California . Lim-
ited, car .-yinsr Palace Sleeping Cars and
-Diriln-f Cars- throu--h to Chicago. Chair
Car runs to Bakersfield for accommodation
of local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored - on • this ¦ train.
: Correspondine* train arrives at 5:55 a m
Tuesday and Friday. • . , . .t 1 "
/ 4:20 p m.lB Stockton Local. Correspond^
lngr train arrives ll:05"a. m. dally yuua .-.
¦ 8:00 p.m. is the Overland Express with 1
¦through Palace and> Tourist Sleepers anS
Free Reclining; - Chair - cars : = also Palace
¦Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corr"
spondingr train arrives at 5:55 p. m 'daiiV^
7:20 t a. : : m. is Bakersfleld Lo£al.«trJpp|Jw •
at all points In San Joaquin Vailev • fW
responding train arrives at 8 *40 am dSlS"
Offlces-641 Market street an*- S* P^y
Oakland. Fr anoisco : , HIS Broad wa£
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- . ; ; ' „". ?•» 8*»t*m» retry— foot of Mukat St.' • '"
1*45 F M {•••-•WEBK DAYS.l.t ii'H. »••«••
F.' M. S V "« ¦«•»» ;•» *• t^MKM ; |»* J- »<-
] iSiim- . : ,:>:•: ri^:
t» F»r-u S«n FnnolMo ts Samalt and Sefam. ti.M t
Tictet Offices. 621 Market St.; & SausalUo Pcttt.
' V^fc^, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
al»«SM^ 2 £. 1^ EAB:!irlr * T - -Eatabnshed.
BnPaSS'A 1 , 1834 forth e treatment of i'rivata
aamJA--3gg Diseases, I»st Mnnbood. Debility or
I^BHill!!' t ! >!U|f ' ' wearlniron body and mind and
¦JB aj.Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wh-n
iJM Mothers fail. Try him. > Charges low.
ta-tranlrrd. Call or write,
i J>r. JT. JF. OIBBOM. tim rranclsco. Cat, ¦¦* >¦ : .
V" NEW. ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DANDBU7F.
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ. ¦ .
, The old Idea was that dandruff is scales
of skin thrown off, " through a feverish
condition of the scalp. Prof..Unna, Ham-
burg, " Germany, European authority on
skin - diseases, says dandruff is a germ
disease.' - The grerm burrows under the
scalp, throwing up little scales of cuticle,
and sapping the vitality of the hair, at the
root.' The only hair preparation that kills
dandruff germs Is Newbro's Herpicide.
. the cause, . you remove the ef- .
feet." Not only, cures dandruff, but stops
falling: hair and causes . a . luxuriant
growth. ; Delightful hair dressing. -
"¦'•.'''..• -.. ¦' ¦¦ : ¦' : I ' ' -' J .' ¦ ' ¦'¦ 'V " •• ¦¦ . ••
1 I «BMBB>B«««BBS«BBBB»J*BaS-B-SB-*BS-aSB«BBBBBBa»BS-SSSBi / j
MAKING A HIT
TVith our - laundry - economy - is • what V we - axe
doing; with every, one that puts us to the test.'
Let us demonstrate to you what we mean by
laundry | ecohomy—send your next -bundle of
linen to us and we'll return it to you cleansed
and ' spotless. S Your I shirts, collars and . ci/ffs
will last twice as long if laundered here. ! - Tho
care we take of them will make your, bill | for
new 1 linen, a smairitem. .Try.it. , : Send: us 'a
card," or/ phone,'*and 'our". wagon -.. will/ call
promptly.'. ¦"-. .» '¦;.¦* <¦ •¦¦ : .
We. smooth; saw edgres.-.; •• -. -'¦
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY:
Office;iOO4 Market ;stro8tj '
. , . Telephone—South 4-2O, , j:V
Oakland Off Ice— 54- San Pablo Ava.'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE bAMIAJNA-BiTTERS/CTHE:
great Mexican > remedy; ' gives ' health and i
strength to : sexual organs. . Depot, ? 323 ¦ w TVflaV' I
BAILWAY TBAVZL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED .
•
After June 3, and during the
v summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
and Thursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
and Sundays.
. No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
tion of service.
SANTA FE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lenv*> nuil tare ilu«. to tarrtw • •»•
NAN rilANClNCO.
- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
wati — Ys.au Mat 26, 1901. — arbit*
7:30a BenlcU, Suiaun, Elmlra, VacaTUle,
Komsey and Sacramento 7*ASr
~*8Oa Satis, Woodland, Knights Landing, /
Mir-iTilk. Orofillo.. 7:35»
7:39 a AtlanUo Kxprew— Ogdon and East 13i£3r
S:OU a Martinez, San ltamon, Vallejo. Naya,
• >'- Calbtoga aud Santa Roaa «:2.1p
M:O«a Kllea, Lathrop, Stockton 7-2-ir
8xt)0 a Mies, Mendota, Freano, Hanford.
Viaali*. Porter-Hie 4*33»
Si3«A Shasta Express— Daria. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willow*, Red
Blufl. Portland. 7:53*
¦iIO* Ban Joie, Liiannore, 8tocktou,
» -if. ' lone. Kaeraineuto. PUcer»Ule.
ll.rj.-ille, Cbico, Uetl llluff 4>S3p
S>SOa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemius), So-
nora. Carter- 4:23?
»:0O a Ha j ward, Nilea and Way Stations.. 1 1 :33a
DiUOaLm Anceles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. .Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Los Angoles 7:33*p
' •>*«*. TaU»)o. Martinez auU Way Station* 5 :•¦>.> r
. 1»jO»a The O-erlaud limited- Ogdeu,, Dao.
T«r, Omaha. Chicago. 6:-"»3r
fl:OOr Sacruueuto Kirer Steamers |SiOi»a
S*30p Hayward, H»n and Way Station*.. 7:S3r
4iOttr Ueuicia, Winter*. .Sacramento, *
Woo.lland, KuiKbU Landlug.
MaryiTille, Orofill* 10:33a
4s*Or MarMuax. Mau lUuion, Tallajo.
Napa, Oalistoga. Hanta Rosa OiSSa
4-00r Nlles, Ltrermore, Stockton Lodi... 13s-t3r
<•»»»-• Haywaid. NiJes. Man Jo»e. LtTtrmora »»^3*
4 1 sop Fort Co«i». Tracy. Lathrop, Stnekton 1 oiSSa *
3:OOrTlia Owl Llmited-Kiusuo, Tulare,
Bakersflald. Saugiis for fcSauts. Bar-
- bara, Loa Ancelea 8:334
3:00r Martinn, Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
eed. Fresno 1»-S5»
»i»«*» Tosemit* ., lS-Mr
- 5:30 p New ¦ Orleans Express— Mendota,
- Fresno, Bakerafleid, Loa Angeles,
Deming. El Paso, New Orleans
and Eaat 7:3s*
•:OOp Tlayward, Nile* aud Sau Jose 7<53«
{StOOr Vallejo 1I-034
•¦•«r Oriental Mall-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13*3S»
. •:OOr Oriental - Mali— Ogdsn, Dentsr,
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33f
7-OOrOrej-oii and California Kxpran.Hao. "
rummito, M -.rys-illo, Kb. I, ling,
1'ortlaml. I'nget Hound and IC«at SiB6a
Stn.-ipSaa Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Statlcus 11*33*
tS:05p Vallejo 7*S3p
COAST LINE CUrrotr U«nge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
17:41a Santa Cnu Excursion to SanU Craa
and Prinefpal Way Stations I »:O3»
•i I » A Ne-Tark.CenterTlIIe.8au Jose, Felton.
V BonlderCxeek..SautaCruzandWa-r '¦
Station* 3:3O-F
t«« I Sr Newark Ceu terTllle. San Joss. New
AlruaiteD, Felton, Jtoolder Creek,
Santa Ciuz and Principal Way
Stations... , floi.in*
4«I3r Newark. S»u Josb. Los Gates { j^'-Sai
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ramSlK FBiHOISCO — Faat .f Xirkit Strut (Sli? »)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*.-. 1:03 3:00 B:18r.*S.
rrtaOiIURD — fs«l •! BrusviT. — !«:0a l&oa tS-M
lOmOA.ii. 12SJ 8:C0 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (lira*! U-m*--,).
- (Third and Tournsand Sts.)
a- 1 Oa Ban Joseand Way Stations. •<as)y
«7i«Oa Han Jose iumI Way SUtinn* laSOV *
; 17:40a Sunday Excursion for Ban Joie,
. HaaU Crnz. Psdflo Gror* and
Principal Way Stations ? S* 3O>
•iOOa Mau Jose. Tres Pino*. Santa Crux.
rn.ciile (irixe. faHnas. 8an Lola ' .
Oblspo aud Principal int*rmedi.te
HUttima..... 4*10*
10:30a San Jcse and War Stations. 7«8«f
/I'»i3u* New Almaden. / 5:307
1 IiXOa 8au Jose and Way .Stations 3i3Or
t3'4»r San Mateo, Uedwootl. Menlo Park.
.Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jon. •
• , Tres Plnos. bauU Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific GroTe fl(>:434
BiXArSaa Joie aud Way Stations 6:3l>A
H:lSr San Joseand Principal Way Stations Si43*
» t3:OOr San Jose, Lcs Oatos and PriueipU
Way Stations f9:OO»
S-Jio p San Jaw and Principal Way Station* S:33a
i •i«Or Redwood, 8»a Jose, Gilrny, Sallruu,
Santa. Baiban, Los Axgelea. 10:03a
•*0wr Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Q tore, i
¦ ¦ Loaipoo 10i«3a
¦:3Op San Jose and Way Station*......... t*<<*<»»
i SHIi4»p San Josa and Way Stations.*. 7«»Q-r
A for Mornini;. • P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. 1 Btmday only.
. « Saturday only. - /Taesdajs and IVidaji.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. ' VlaSausalito Forry. '
Commencing: April J3. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
; -••" AND SAN RAFAEL. ¦»**»«• *
WESK DAYS-«:55. 8:S0. »9:30, U:00 a. m.
1J:45. 1:45, 1:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. nT
EXTBA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on | Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:39 and 11:40 p. m. «*«•»¦
I SONDATS— 7:00. 8:00, "-»:00, 'lO^O. 11*00 ll-*»
a. m.. 12:15. »l:30. 2:30. •*:&, 5:00. «db.7 : S
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San. Rafael
Sundays". ' ',: a--, w " 1
'.Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin . ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-"5:25, 8:27. 7:47. 8 -st M-u
¦_ m.. 12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 pTroT
.EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WedneadaTa
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m cou^''.
6tJNDAYS-«:15. •8:00. 9:45. »U:00 a. m .«
m.. 1:00., 2:15. -•3:30. 4:30. •5:45. «:45. 7:3oT"loio
p. m. ¦ ... ¦ ¦ - • ¦ [ ' ¦ ¦ - ¦ - ¦ .¦.•¦¦
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:45. -'«:45. ' 7:55. jj.« , I
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45.-3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m
EXTRA- TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. ra. ~* jr-
SUNDATS— «:3S. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12 1S.
1:20, 2:3< 3:45. 5:00. 8:13. 7:15. 10:30 p. m. W*'-7.
. . " THROUGH TRAINS.
-6:55 a-'m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . '.
. 3:15 p. n*a Saturdays— Cazadero and'way sta-
tions. .-• v '• "- ¦ .'¦ . ¦ -
: • 6:15 r>. m. week ' day* (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations. ..- ; . ,
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00" a. ns. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
¦stations.*- i . i ¦:.¦, . ¦ , - - .
liiHlllS. H.' Kendall, an expressman, whose stand
Is at the corner of Market and Main
streets,* was arrested yesterday by the of
ficers of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals for abusing. his horse.
The horse's back was In a fearful con
dition as a result of wounds inflicted with
a needle placed In the end of a whip.
Arrested for Cruelty.
merchant of .Forest Hill, Placer County, is
lylngin a critical, condition at the; Rail
road Hospital in this city as the result of
having be^n struck by an electric car On
the Fillmore-street line. The accident oc
curred while he was attempting to alight
from a cdr Thursday afternoon at'the cor
ner of Fourteenth and Church streets. He
did not see a -car which was coming
rapidly in an opposite direction to the one
on which he was riding and stepped • di
rectly In front of.it. He was hurled vio
lently to the ground-. His skull was frac
tured and, his right j leg broken in two
places. He was. removed at once , to the
Railroad Hospital, where he has since re
mained In an- unconscious condition. An
operation was performed on him '. yester*
day afternoon for the removal of a portion
of the bone of the skull, which it was
thought was pressing on the brain. Al
though the operation was successful very
little hope Is entertained for. his recovery.
MUTING MATT- STRUCK
BY AN" ELECTRIC CAR
A Former Resident of Placer County
Receives Injuries Which May ¦
Prove Fatal, j
Charles' Albrecht. who Tor forty-five
years was a prominent mining man and
Mr. ; Palmieri came to this country
twenty years ago, and accumulated quite
a fortune. He was born in Volterra, Italy,
in 1854. Many of" his relatives still restde
there, 1 but his widow is the only surviving
relative in this .country. . , .• ' *
The persons who had been treating him
could not sjgn a .death certificate. I and
when" the two doctors who' had been at
tending him were asked to do so they.de
clined. They knew . he had died of ery
sipelas, but they had, not attended' him
within twenty- four hours of his death, so
they would not or could not sign the cer
tificate. The matter was brought to the at
tention of the Coroner, who took charge
of the case. There will be an inauest.
The immediate cause of death is given as
heart failure. - " . . . . '
Eglsto" C. Palmieri, ex-State Senator,
president of the Italian Chamber of Com
merce, prominent in Italian and business
circles and one of the best known men of
his nationality in the" city, died early yes
terday morning of erysipelas after an ill
ness of eight days. His death was a pecu
liar one and on account of the refusal of
the attending physicians to certify to the
cause of death the case was reported to
the attention of the Coroner.
Mr. Palmieri was a member of the firm
of J. F. Fugazi & Co., agents for the Ital
ian line* of trans- Atlantic steamers, and
he was at his desk In his office when he
was taken suddenly ill Friday, a week
ago. * He went home and rapidly grew
worse until finally Dr. C. Barsotti was
called in to attend . him. Dr. Barsotti
found 'the patient had erysipelas and he
called In Dr. Osea Perone to consult with
him. The two physicians decided that the
best thing to be done was to shave the
hair and mustache of the sick man and
cover his face with a mask, as is done in
cases of erysipelas, but neither the
patient, his wife nor an old friend of the
family named', Delflno, who was present,
would agree to such treatment* and the
two physician** left the house | and the
patient. ¦ . . '
¦ There is among Italians a belief or
superstition regarding the treatment of
erysipelas, "which- Includes much of the
faith cure method, besides the application
of hot cloths and copious drafts of cold
water. This treatment was applied, but
the patient rapidly failed under it and
yesterday morning he died.. •
Declined.
PECULIAR DEATH
OF E.C. PALMEIRI
Medical Treatment for
> His Fatal Ailment
Members of- young people's societies of
the bay, cities will be registered at their
The . registration committee will consist
of ¦ 300 active members carefully drilled
in- their, duties. , They .will meet all spe
cial and: regular trains bearing delegates
at Sacramento, Stockton,. Tracey and San
Jose. | All members ; or representatives of
the Epworth 'League, United Society of
Christian ' Endeavor, Baptist Young Peo
ple's Union' and societies of like purpose
.will i be i registered : and , given ' the official
badge. This • badge will ¦ entitle Its : holder
to reserved admission to all convention
meetings except the grand concert. ' It
will not at first be furnished to any ex
cept those who "register, .but before the
close of the convention it will be placed
on sale as a souvenir.
The arrangements | for registration of
delegates to the ¦ International Epworth
Leagae*\Convention are most : elaborate
and complete, and .it is -believed that in
consequence no v trouble will be expe
rienced by friends 'or. delegates in finding
any one known to be in attendance.'
own , meetings the Sunday preceding the
convention. •
, Registration will . be by cards, so ar
ranged that the convention address of
any delegate or representative can be
promptly furnished to inquiring friends.
- The main registration booth will be
near the main entrance of the
Pavilion. Auxiliary booths will be estab
lished at Metropolitan Temple, the Al
hambra Theater, the Ferry depot and
Third and Townsend streets station.
Members of the local committees will
wear distinctive caps during th© conven
tion. All the committee caps will be
white with gold cord. The separate com
mittees will wear caps marked as follows:
Registration committee, 300 members— White
band with gold thread; "Registration" In red
letters.
Volunteer aid," 200 members— Blue band;
"Volunteer Aid" or "Messenger" In gold" let
ters. . „•- ... > ,- f
Ushers, 600-Gold band; "TJsher" In red let
ters. ¦ .
Entertainment committee, 50 members— Red
band; "Entertainment" in gold letters.
Reception committee, 500 members— Red
band; "Reception" or "Reception Aid" In gold
letters. . . .
Salesmen of official programmes. 50— White
band; "Official Programme" in red letters.
SEIZE MINES
OF AMERICANS
Canadians Tike Advan
tage of New Bound-
ary Location.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B.C., June 7.-PJval
claim-Jumpers with fast horses to reach
the nearest recording office made a de
cidedly tropical time of it on both sides
of the, boundary line at Mount Baker this
morning. For a year and more the boun
dary has been in dispute, and to-day the
change recently made was taken advan
tage of by twenty men, who seized mines
owned by Americans and supposed to be
on the American side, but which have
been thrown Into Canada by the reloca
tion or the boundary.
The party of boundary surveyors under
Mr. Sinclair, the American officer appoint
ed to mark the boundary, had been at
work for two weeks, and yesterday it was
announced that th© line was 3500 feet far
ther south than it had been believed to
be. This meant that many American
mining companies' properties hitherto
supposed to be on American soil were,
really partly or in whole in Canada.
This . morning the entire district awoke
to the change in the nationality of own
ership. There was a run to put down dis
covery stakes on the properties. The prin
cipal mines affected were the Yellow
Jacket, owned, by J. E. McManus of Seat
tle, and the Arbutus, Star And Golden
Chariot, in which New York and San
Francisco people are interested.
The Chariot has had at least <6O,00O of
development work, and Is one of the finest
properties in the district. Two-thirds of
it is now on the Canadian* side, and a
miner "who had hurriedly "jumped" it
came down, the mountain at breakneck
speed and into Chilliwack this morning to
-record his location.' The recorder's office
was not yet open, but the man hurried
around and -found the official and soon
had j his discovery papers filed. Other
men did the same with other properties,
and altogether the trail between the mines
and ' the Canadian recording office ¦ was
kept hot during the forenoon. •
¦J. E. McManus of Seattle and several
others of the mine owners put their hearts
together and have demanded from the
Government that satisfaction be given
and their property kept for them. A tech
nical error probably has been made in not
having the property recorded on the
Canadian side, but the real owners be
lieve the Government should protect their
interests until the location of the -lines is
finally determined and the affair adjusted
for all time. . t .
'The recorder at Chllliwack could do
nothing but accept the applications on the
payment of the proper fees, and the whole
question probably will now be fought out
between the court3 and the Government.
Vennonters Entertain.
The Pacific Coast Association of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont held their regular
monthly entertainment last night at Odd
Fellows' Hall. ' An excellent programme
consisting of instrumental and vocal
music, a monologue and a two-act comedy
was rendered, after which dancing was in
a.ugurated. The entertainment was under
the direction of the following members of
the society: • « Vv '."«».
Floor " manager. Dr. J. Townsend' floor com
mittee—Frank Robb, J. L. Mosher. A. S. Per
ley," Frank Colton. Thomas Wyatt. Dr. J.
Townsend. H. A. Walte. J. F. Smith and Rob
ert ; Vandereook ; reception committee— M. T.
Elllnwood. C. S. Wright. F. R. Danforth. R.
R. Dunn, W. G. Cook. W. J. Somers. George
T. Shaw.* William C. Wright. J. M. Brownell.
J. A. Ferson, ,Mrs. ¦ Ada Allen Norton. Mls»
Lucy M. Thompson. Miss Annie E. • Nevera.
Mrs. W. F. Toothaker, Mrs. William C. Hal
sey. Mrs. V. F. Northrop and Mrs. J. W.
Perry. -„- *
Shorthand Pupils Entertain.
The Gregg Shorthand Society gave an,
entertainment last night in its clubrooms
In the Murphy building. The following
members of the society participated In the
programme:
Edwin T. Rabjohn. W. Rasmussen. Miss
Clara Gomersal. Miss E. Broill. Mrs. M. E.
Gallahom. Miss Maybell Craig, Miss M. E.
Nelson, Miss Mae Benson. Mlsa Alma C. Bau
man. Miss L. Witts. Miss M. E. Nelson and
F. E. Van Busklrk.
Local Workers Lay Careful Plans to Facilitate Find
ing of Fnerids at the International Convention.
Committee Caps to Have Distinguishing Marks
EACH EPWORTH LEAGUE DELEGATE
TO HAVE HIS NAME REGISTERED
Highest per. cent in the year. Master • Edward
McMullen; Christian doctrine, medal. Master
Leo Ellis; : military - drill. -¦ officer's • medal
awarded to. Master Patrick Doherty ; private's
medal; awarded to Master John. Murray; deport
ment premiums— Masters Edward ; McMullen,-
Frank O'Leary; James : Long, ¦¦ Patrick ' Doherty.
ST. PATRICK'S SCHOOL.
Miss Elizabeth Hagerty, Miss Florence Cro
nin. Miss Margaret Lyons, Miss Frances Leahy
Mlsa Mary ¦ Sullivan, Miss Annie McDermott,
Miss LoreUa O'Connell, Mlsa Ella Boyce, Misa
Annie Kingston. Miss \ Florence Kelly, Miss
Mary Hagerty, Miss Isabella Boyce. Miss Ella
Manning, Miss Lulu' Bickerstan*.. Miss Frances
Dillon, Miss Addle Pratt; on the year's work,
Miss Angela Sullivan. \. - ¦ -
The following young ladles, having suc
cessfully passed the examinations, have
been promoted to the. academic grade: •
Senior class — Highest general average. Miss
Genevieve | McCarty;' first . in rhetoric,. Miss
Alice Purvis; first In literature, Miss Mary
Sullivan; first In Latin.'. Mlsa .Mary Anthony;
geometry, Miss Eleanor Sheehy; first In book
keeping. Miss Amelia Canepa; history, •¦ Miss
Kathleen Robinson; first in . composition, ¦ Miss
Ethel Kearns. . - • .
ST. VINCENT'S SCHOOL.
Rev. Father Cummings delivered the
medals and certificates and regretted that
Archbishop Riordan was unable to be
present. Father Cummings lauded the
work of the Sisters of Charity and urged
the scholars and their, iriends to use
every effort in order to secure a full at
tendance at the schools. ¦ Those who re
ceived medals and certificates were:
The Distribution of Prizes.
Misses M. Anthony. M. Hagerty,' L.
Wood, M. .Farrell. E. Leahy and E. Line
han executed Jean Paul's "Jolly Black
smiths", on three pianos in a skillful man
ner.
The programme closed. with, the fairy
play, "Queen Flora's Day Dream," which
was presented by 200 little girls charm
ingly arrayed. The cast included Kath
leen Blake as the Queen, Pearl Allen as
Stella, Misses K. Lucey, M.' Doran. I
Quigg, Hilda O'Brien as daisies and Mil
lard Brady and Grace Allen as bumble
bees. . , •:»..-
A military drill by a company of boys
of the. St. Patrick's School was given with
th6 precision of old veterans and the boys
presented a* neat appearance in their blue
and gold uniforms. The drill was under
the command of Master Aidan Doyle, as
sisted ' by Masters James Long, John
Kutcher, Patrick Doherty, James Shea
and Thomas Dunn, the latter of whom
gave a spirited rendition of Millard's song,
"The Flag of the Free."
¦ Schoolmates — A. Tohoney, *F. Flynn, F To
bin. G. Fleming, E. Riordan, M. Moore, K. Mc-
Corkell, L. Hummel. , Russell's witches' flight-
Misses E. Sheehy, A. Purvis, Mary Anthony,
E. • Ewlng, A. Canepa, M. Kingston. Queen
Matt, L. O'Connell: Gentle Voice, M. Doran;
Kind Eye, K. O'Connor; Ready Hand, N. Swee
ney; Loving Heart, R. Schultr; Happy Smile,
I. Geary; Silver Tongue, N. Feeney;
the child has burled a dead robin when
she should have studied and used a page
of her primer to wrap the bird in. Dotty
falls asleep and the fairies troop in and
amuse the little one by dances and songs.
The play was cleverly rendered by the
children, and Miss M. Copier as the he
roine, Dotty, won all hearts. Those who
took part in the play were: . .
SCENE | AT GRADUATING EXER
CISES OP ST. VINCENTS AND
ST. PATRICK'S SCHOOLS. \
,On, yourr way ' to ; bicnic or.' ferry -call on
Mohns, & Mohns, 29 Market st.*, : for finest wines
•and' liquors; ; biggest J house; j. open j Sundays.};* . I
: Mrs. M. | L., Davis, for two years past
matron. of, the San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless 'Children, . . has i been > appointed
principal of 'the girls' department of the
Whittier Reform . School. • She will • leave
for j.. the , south • Sunday ; evening to "enter
upon her new duties. *
Promotion for -Mrs. • Davis.
John J." P. Coakley, : 84 years old, was ar
rested 1 ; yesterday, by 'Acting | Chief , ; Postal
Inspector Bricker.as; he; was in the act of
depositing a' bundle of papers in Station
K in, the Palace' Hotel building. " The
stamps on the papers ; had been canceled
¦but the cancellation ;• marks : had' been
erased. Coakley had twelve of the stamps
on his person." On. account of his old are
and upon his promising not to repeat the
offense he was released by Brlcker
TJsed Canceled Stamps.
Viola Baclfcalupl, Vera Becker, Emily'Caw
son, Sadie Burress, Edna Currier, Ethel Dalley,
Virginia -Dare, Maude Derichs, May Elberling,
Anna. Epstein, Sophie Giebel, Marguerite Glynn, ,
Ida Graff. Zoe Harrison," • Alice - Hart, Edna'
Hicks.' Estha. Helm, Cornelia Hinchman, Annie
Ibos, Huldah ¦ Johnson, - Cornelia . Johnson, ; Ethel
Jones, Ruth Hellet, Stella ¦ Keser,' Antoinette!
Keyston, . Elaine Levy, ' Molly "Levy, Ada .Lou
dan,' Mary McCann," Alice " McDonnell, Ethel
Marley. - Lily * Miller, -. Evelyn • Morrll. -Nettle.
Mowbray, • Bessie ¦ Norton, Ada' Itamsdell, Bea-
Forty-Five Charming Young Misses
• Receive Their Diplomas. ,; V ;
At the graduation exercises which were
held ' yesterday afternoon, in the Denman
School forty-five' pretty girls were grant
ed diplomas. The room in' which .the' ex r
ercises were held was filled wit.i relatives
and' friends of /the young, graduates. .The
programme, • from • the | opening -.song,
"Stars and Stripes," to the' closing hymn,
"The Battle Hymn. of the Republic," was
heartily '.enjoyed by \thosV" present, and
the class well sustained its reputation. as
one of the bestCand brightest that has
left the Denman School. : .-' . V
• Those who took part in'. the programme
were: Ethel Jones, Florence. 'Roberts,
Alice McDonnell, Ethel 'vMarley, Nettle
Mowbray and Antoinette • Keyston. ." Pro
fessor A. L. Mann introduced the class,
while Director James Denman , presented
the medals to the winners. - T
"i The following is a complete list of the
graduates :¦¦ • ¦ • : ' ' ' ¦ " ; ' ' ' . ;
DENMAN SCHOOI,.
That' the musical training of the
scholars of St. Vincent's is of the highest
order was. shown . by the rendition of
Schubert's .'.'Le Mardi Gras . on- three
pianos, - the performers being Misses A.
on examination— Pearl Weisbrod,' Beatrice Bo
carde, Gertrude Byrne, Walter Baehr, Florence
Oliver. Siegfried Hlrsch, Fairfax Reardan.
The orchestra of the Tivoli opened the
programme with an excellent rendition of
popular numbers and was followed by the
singing of Peter's "Magnificat" by the
senior singing class of St. Vincent's
School. One hundred young ladies, dressed
in white, sang the difficult music and were
accorded an ovation at the close of the
comrosKion.
Hi'inleln's "Lullaby," played on mando
lins by Misses A. Canepa, E. Hirlehy, G.
Hisssey, M.' Lynch, G. Meyers, B. Foley,
A. Reid, M. Rattigan and. F. Leahy, was
varmly applauded. " -
One hundred little tots, garbed in white,
then sang Gottschalk's composition, "The
Train to Poppy-Land," and so excellent
was their work that. they, were rewarded
with a series of curtain calls.. v
Every Number Causss Applause.
Archbishop Riordan was unable- to be
present to deliver the prizes and his ab
sence caused great regret. It was learned
that the Archbishop was confined to his
room and the duty of presenting the prizes
.was -undertaken by Father Patrick Cum
rnlng3 of St. Patrick's parish.
p»y»-sa HE forty-ninth annual commence-'
II ment exercises of St. Vincent's
¦ II and St. Patrick's schools, con
11 ducted by the Sisters of Charity,
were held - yesterday afternoon at
the Grand Opera-house, in the presence of
an audience that crowded the great build
in? to the limit of its capacity..
The programme presented reflects the
highest credit on the Sisters of Charity.
Hundreds of children, the majority being
but little tots, filled the big stage with
a series of charming pictures, and the'
monster . programme moved without a
single hitch." The programme consisted of
vecal and instrumental music, drills and
narches, fairy plays and an operetta on
"the lines of "Pinafore, 1 and every num
ber was rewarded with vociferous ap
plsuse from the relatives and friends of
the young performers. ¦ : ¦
pupils,, class of November. 1901— Dora
Wolff. Marian Cotrel. Lilian Cotrel. Maude
White. Marguerite'. Popert. Stella • Harman,
Kathryn Lindsay, Carnellta Hollls. Aslaug
Nancy Hooper and Nonle Hooper.
. Medal pupils, class of June! 1901— Antoinette
Keyston, Ethel Jones, Emily : - Cawaon Alice
McDonnell, Nettle Mowbray, Gertrude Seldner
Constance Steel, i Huldah Johson, Lily Miller
Sophie Oiebel, Anna JLoudan.- Florence >. Rob
erts. ¦ Beatrice White. Estelle Seldner. May El
berling and Mary/ McCann. t
trice Rice. Florence Roberts. Mattle Robinson.
Estelle : Seldner, 1 . Gertrude Seldner, Constance
Steel. , Virginia Waltenspiel, Irene White and
Clara wolf. '--:¦:, - ..-.'.- ¦• - ¦¦.
"Tots'Appear in Fairy Play.
V.Dottyjs Dream," "a pretty fairy play,
showed Ithe remarkable ability" of the
children 'to memorize 'long dialogue and.
take part in difficult dances. The plot or
the little play dwelt on the punishment
of Dotty by her teacher for- neglecting
her: lessons, the page she should have
studied being missing from her,- school
book. The ' fairies, however, know that
Misses M:< Anthony, J. McCarthy and
K. Fuller rendered Glover's '"Down
Among the Lilies" on three pianos with
splendid effect and a selection of popular
Irish airs was well played on violins "by
Misses Margaret Anthony, Rose Qulnn
N. Shea,- E. Peters, N. Guitlerez, Master
Quimvand-.F. 1 Peters.'-,: , ...
Captain of. the Baltimore. Leo Ellis; flag lieu
tenant, Thomas Qulnn; officers, pupils of the
fourth grade; men behind the guns, pupils of
the second and third grades; powder monkeys,
pupils of. the first garde; dancers— F.' Sullivan,
J. Wood and J. 'Salmon.
The operetta closed with the Singing of
national aira and a grand naval tableaux.
A charming feature of the programme
was the "Illy drill," in which thirty-two
young ladies took part. Clad in classical
flowing robes of white, trimmed with ev
ergreens, and carrying wands of lilies in
their hands, the I young ladles moved
through a number of most intricate evo
lutions to the stirring strains of a Sousa
march. . , -...%' •',-"¦ ¦
The • boys sang . the selections from
"Pinafore" like trained - artists and the
sailors' dances evoked storms of applause.
Those who. took part In the naval oper
etta were: .
The operetta,' "The Pride of the Navy,
U. S. S. Baltimore,", was rendered by 200
boys of St. Patrick's School and was one
of the best' juvenile Derformances ever
given in this city. When the curtain as
cended the boys were ranged in groups,
all" dressed in regulation naval uniform.
The officers were in white duck suits and
the captain was the envy of all the boys
In the theater, as he wore a full-dress uni
form of his rank. , . •
Sing a Patriotic Song..
Purvis, E. Sheehy, M. Farrell. M. Purvis,
N. O'Brien and L. O'Connell. The six
young pianists played with a finished pre
cision • and well earned the enthusiastic
plaudits : they received.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS SCHOOL.
Interesting Exercises in Schoolrooms
Prettily Decorated.
The graduating exercises of the Pacific
Heights School, of which Miss A. M. Stin
cen is principal, were largely attended by
parents and friends of the pupils. Flags
and garlands were employed to give the
schoolrooms a pleasing appearance.
The graduates were from the classes
taught respectively by the Misses
A. C. Robertson and Clara B. Earle.
The pleasing exercises were varied
•with musical selections. beginning
¦with "America" and ending with the class
farewell song, all of which were sung
prettily. Miss Bttncen made a brief ad
dress, giving the graduating pupils excel
lent advice and admonishing them to con
duct themselves in such a way as always
to ao credit to the school. The certificates
cf graduation and the medals and other
honors were also bestowed by Miss Stin
cen. Th^ im-daUIsts were:
Mies Robertson's class— Arthur Jackson.
Franklin Babcock, • Helene Blackwell and
Maude Sanderson.
Miss Earle's class— Edith Slack. Leona Wood
ward. Otto Barkan and Halsey Rixford.
The honoraries were:
Mi&s Earle's class— Edith Slack. Leona Wood
ward. Otto Barkan. Halsey Rixford. Philip
Faymonville, Olive Craig. Lewis Underhill,
Edith Guggenhime. Marian Burr, David H.
Walker Jr., Paul Myers, Gertrude Johnson,
Maybc-lle Harmon and Jesse Llllenthal.
Mif-s Robertson's t lass— Arthur Jackson.
Frar.klin Bibcock, Helene Babcock, Maude
pan'Jers=on, Helene Blackwell. Ruth Bradford,
Edna de Wolf. Vcra Meyer. Eulalle Moore,
Harriot Keep, Frank Morton, Albert Bergstein
and Hirerh Cohen.
The other graduates were:
Miss Robertson's class— Carol Mattingly, Ruth
Royal, Rose Armstrong, Kate Grunsky, An
nette Levy. Anita Murray, Evelyn Theobald.
Haj«! Wegiein. Daisy Welters. Alma Son. Al
ma Sea, Delia Jacobson. Edith Allen. Gertrude
Andersen. Mabel Brodie, Johanna Dresel. Ida
Eickhcrst. Kitty Fowler. Annabel Keep, Stella
Levy, Estelle Silverstein, Irene Wichman. Ar
linc Me.ide, Walter Heyneman. Bradley Wal
lace. Rawlinson Reade. Willie Barkley, Charles
Ebrigrht, Fred Irving, E*gar Reinhold, Roy
Taylor, George Winn, Robert Basthelm, Mil
ton Lewison, Douglas Parker and Walter Up
ham.
Mifs Earle's class— Rosalia Hausmann, Wal
ter Hans, Imar Frank. Doris Hirschfeld, Carol
Moore. Helen Livingston. Fred Castle. Alice
Symonds, George McMullin, Julia Langhorne,
Evelyn Clifford. Donald Graham. Eugene
KaufEman. Fred Brown, Paige Monteagle.
Scott Roundtree, Jack Gibson, Gerald Schlesln
per, Lncy Cook, Bessie Glover, Wright Rum
bough, Remo (Sbarboro, Mabel Zeile, Charles
Gruenhagen. Carrie McLean. Grace Murphy,
Richmond Strong, Gladys Fairweatlier and
Edgar Stern.
EVERETT GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Pleasing Programme Is Presented by
the Graduating Pupils.
The graduating exercises of the Everett
Grammar School were held in- the main
class rooms yesterday afternoon, an in
teresting programme being rendered, as
follows:
Class song. "Flag -of the Free**: recitation.
"Asleep at the Switch." Haze! Hornlein; vocal
solo. "The Heart Bowed Down," Emma Honig;
piano solo, Estella Funs; piano solo, "Mes
eage of Love." Hazel McKeon; recitation.
"Playin' Hookey." Eva Smith; violin solo, "I
Preamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls." Edna John
eon; clas.= song, soldiers' chorus from "Faust";
essay. "Autobiography of Ray Gleason"; piano
solo (selected), Alice Drew; vocal duet, "A B
C Lesson." Emma and Walter Dulfer; recita
tion. "The Fashionable School Girl," Mary
Vishoot; rjiano solo. "Snow Bells," A. Gafl
ney; class song. "Lily of the Valley" ; recita
tion <comic), Norman Morgan; piano 6olo,
"Rolling Billows," 1L McKenna; . recitation,
"Old Ironsides," S. Boehn; piano solo, Etta
Stelijers.
At the conclusion of the exercises di
plomas were presented by Director C. W.
Mark of the Board of Education, who
rr.sde a few congratulatory remarks. The
following is the list of graduates:
Pelma Beoehna. Cecil Caroll. Virelnia Davis.
Alice Drew, Stella Funs, Emma Honig. Edna
Johnson. Lillian KesFler, Lizzie Lambert, Mary
?IcKenr.ti. Hazel McKeon. Berdie Moore, Clara
Otsen. Hazel Pow, Mary Sulane. Bessie Sulli
van. Mary Vishoot. Raymond Attridge. Blair
1'lovyer. Edward Combs. Robert Curry, Frank
lin IJakin. Fred Durnford. Ray Kern, Alice
Thompson, Josephine Clark. Oscar Franklin,
Ray Gleason. Walter Philips. Maud Belser,
Henry Kirchman, Lester Secor.
After the presentation of the diplomas
the Bridge medals were distributed to
Walter Hofir.g-hoff of the class of 1900 and
Kdward Combs of the class of 1S01. Den
man medals were awarded to .Gertrude
Klemm. class of 1900, and Emma Honig,
clasp of 1901.
HORACE ULANIX GRAMMAR.
Classrooms Are Crowded by Friends
and Relatives.
Th«» programme of exercises at the Hor
ace Mann Grammar School yesterday was
a pleasing one and the classrooms were
crowded with tho admiring friends and
relatives of the pupils. The programme
presented •was as follows:
Opening chorus, greetinB; recitation, Edna
Baker; piano *olo, Grace Giminl: declamation,
"What Constitutes a State," Wilfred Sobey.
Miss Booth: class Rone, "Four Leaf Clover";
f cmpofltlon. "Newspapers of the United
States." Paul Bailey; piano duet. Bessie Grer.
Myrtle Smith: recitation. "St. . Augustine's
Ladder," Florence Metzner: class song, "Stars
and Stripes"; recitation, Elsa Smieder; solo
and double quartet. Will Crowley: distribution
of medals; girls' vocal quartet. "Moonlight on
At the Hearst Grammar School the pu
pils presented a choice programme at the
closing exercises yesterday. The award
of medals and certificates took place in
the presence of many friends of the chil
dren. The list of graduates was as~ fol
lows:
Eighth grade— Mies. Clarke, teacher—Honora
ries: Helen Crowley, Denman medal; Bessie
Hogan. Ethel Pippy. Gertrude Lockwood* Mar
garet Winters. Promoted on examination—Car
rie Bright, Alice Boger, Neoma Check, Alice
Foley, Mary f Hitchcox, Minnie | Israel, Louise
Keil. Mabel Mead. Emma Mensor. May O'Don
nell. Ida f*ullen, Dora Stelling, Isabella Wilkle,
Milton Dibert. Nathan. Fross, Earl 'Kipp,
Charles Ruggles, Jake Samuel, Ernest Wist.'
Mies F. M. Franklin's class— Honoraries:
Walter Ludvigsen, Bridge medal; Clinton Con
rad. Bridge . medal ; Helen. Crowley,- Denman
medal; Klta Byrne, Penman medal. 'Promoted
ing: Scholars.
Many Medals Are Awarded Graduat-
HEARST GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Thf Free Normal Training School of
the Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa
tion held informal closing exercises at Its
rooms, 221 Ninth street, yesterday after
noon. Owing to the absence In the East
of tjie president, Mrs. Cyrus Walker, the
principal. Miss Anna '> Stovall. presented
diplomas to those who had completed the
two years' course. The following is a list
of the graduates: .- -
Edna S. Bartlett, ' Anna E. Angel, Dell Cory
ell, Charlotte Martin, Florence Randall, Har
riet Lichtensteln, Loretta Cook, Edna J. Mont
gomery, Olive E.' Steele.
The young ladles gave a fine cast of
"Winged Victory" to the class room. The
school will reopen August 6.
N0B.MAL TRAINING SCHOOL.
Little Ones of the Kindergarten Com-
plete Two Years' Course.
The. programme and list of prize win
ners in the eighth, grades at the Colum
bia Grammar School were as follows:
Hong, school: salutatory. Emma Thompson:
recitation, Antoinette Crawford; song, school:
"Victor GalbralA," Mrs. Starke's class-; vio
lin solo, Edith Peters; song, school; recita
tion. Stella Marlanl; farce. Mr. Briggs, Jerome
Bareau; Mrs. Buster, Edith Norrls; Mrs.
Newlyrich, Alice Meyer; Miranda Newlyrich,
Jeane Ferguson; Mrs. Crimson, Emma Thomp
son; her daughters, Minnie Rippe, Martha
Ohlandt: Mrs. Lovely. Antoinette Crawford;
Mr. Lovely. Louis Speegle ; Mrs. Hightone,
Harriet Parent; her nieces, Freda. Kuhnel,
Jennie Pulsifcr: Barbara Wylie, Amanda Her
man; song, school; recitation, Bert Luke;
songs of all nations; "Independence Bell,"
Miss McGough's claps; vocal solo. Hattle Pa
rent; hymn, school; "Bay Billy." Mrs. Starke's
class; song, school; poem, "Class Prophecy,"
Antoinette Crawford; valedictory, Minnie
Rippe: distribution of medals and diplomas;
song, school.
Honorary graduates— Minnie Rippe. Jeanle
Ferguson. Martha Ohlandt, Alice Meyer. Jen
nie Pulsifer. Antoinette Crawford, Walter
Atthowe, Gertrude Barduhn, Elizabeth Pulsi
fer.
Promoted on examination— Emma Thompson.
Harriet Parent, Bert Luke, Peder Pedersen.
Edith Pattin. Jerome Barieau.
B flection. E. W. Booth, teacher — Honoraries :
Walter Vorfeld. Viola Truman, Dora Wehr.
Charles Blrkholm, Felice Burrowes, Wilfred
Tobey. Elsie Holtorf. Etta Moulthrop. Mae
Mahoney, Joseph McDonald, Ralph Ransda.Il,
Dean Stuart, Poldina Gherinl. . ¦. ,
Songs, Music and Recitations.
The pupils of the John Swett Grammar
School assembled in their class rooms
yesterday and in the presence of many
relatives and friends presented a very en
tertaining programme, as follows:
Salutatory. May Raphael; "Drake's Ad
dress." Zachary Coney; "Thanatopsis," Eda
Nagel; song-, "Annie Laurie," school; "Santa
Filomena," Grace Macmillan; "The Old Man
and Jim," Vivian Baldwin; song. "Good-
Night," Blanche Levy. Juliet Samuel. Grace
Macmillan, Ethel Benton, Mamie Mesenburgh;
"Gradatim," Katie Stone; "Bonaventure,"
Juliet Samuel; song, "Auld Lang gyne,"
school; "Address of Brutus," Hardy Lewis'
"Story of Morgan Raid," May Stockweather;
song. "Stay In Your Own Back Yard." Blanche
Levy; "Knee-Deep in June," Willie Dell Tom-
Ilnson; song. "New Hail Columbia," school
"Abtalom." Beverly Hook; . "The Present
Crisis," Nettle Decker; "Patsy," Veva Ander
son; valedictory. Ethel Benton; song, "Aloha,"
school.
The pupils who received medals were as fol
lows: Hardy Lewis. Octavia Broske, Beverley
Hook, Veva Anderson. Lucy Kaiser, Julia
Orack, Ethel Benton, Eda' Nagel, Grace Mac
millan. Mary de Lappe. Juliet Samuel, Blanche
Levy.
Graduates — May Ramsay. Grace Tobin t niie
Boukofsky. Eda Nagel. Yoelhara Katlgrhara
Joseph O'Neill. Zachary Coney, Sara Skootsky
Grace Macmillan, Blanche Levy, Marie Kor
korine, Katie Stone. Beverly Hook. Genevra
Lamb. Emma Bendewald. Willie Dell Tomlln
son. Pearl Lalsy. Pearl Shaen. May Stark
weather, Ethel Benton, Vivian Baldwin Rae
Becker. Estelle Kilton. Grace Slater. Eva
Pries, Mamie de Lappe. Hardy Lewis, May
Raphael, Ethel Geron. Nettie Decker. Mamie
Mesenberg, Lillie Lachman, Annie Seaburg,
Juliet Samuel.
COLUMBIA GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Children Entertain Visitors With
Certificates of Merit.
Many Boys and Girls Are Awarded
Medalists— Lillie BJorn, Henry Winter. Hono
raries—Walter Kock, Ashley Merritt. Henry
Winter. Lillie BJorn, Olive Heffernan Ida
Levy, Margaret Stewart. Byrde Yarnell. Por
moted on examination— Fred Booth, Edward
Ebschutz, William Heindenrelch. W. McKay,
Lucien Relss. Herbert Wren, William Wolf,
Hazel Bishop. Leona Breslauer, Celia Jacobs,
Minnie Kanein, Mae Kelly, Hazel King, Ger
trude Maurer, Lucille Otto, Mary Scheen*
Marie Williams, Clara Winner, Hortense Tar
nell.
JOHN SWETT GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Class song. "Wert Thou in the Cold Blast?"
recitation, Leona Breslauer; piano solo, Nell
Rauch; recitation (French), Marguerite Stew
art; class song, "Sweet and Low": German reci
tation, Hermann Fischer; song. "Ave Maria,"
Ida Levy. Nora Sandy, Alma Warnholz; reci
tation, "Independence Bell," Esther Ehrlich;
class song, "Wanderer's Night Song"; reading.
Lulu Spencer; presentation of diplomas; vale
dictory essay. Lillie BJorn; song, "Fairy's
Dance.''
The prize winners and graduates were
as follows:
the Bright Scholars.
At the Adams Cosmopolitan School the
programme of graduating exercises yes
terday was as follows:
Miss Kershaw's class, honorariee— Edna
Baker. Lenor . Burke, Marguerite Clarkson,
Elsa Sehmieder, Mabel WMcox. Willie Porteus.
Promoted on examination— 'Helen Carter. Edith
Franklin. Francis Wrede, Alice McCord, Ray
mond Crowley. Elmer Belt, Earl Doud. Wai
lace Haughwout. Percy Gliddon, Ralph Sim
mons, Chester TerrilL
Miss Burnham's class, : honoraries— Mabel
Elliott. Hildergarde Grellman. Mamie Jacob
son. Hester Pennington, Florence Metzner,
Mildred Shoetnltzer. Promcted on examina
tion—Herbert Goold. Arthur Kilgore, Earl
Northrup, Charles Oliver, Howard Swift, Sey
mour Trueman. George Zimmerman. Alma
Birth, Clara Chase, Grace Glmlni, Edith Byson.
ADAMS COSMOPOLITAN SCHOOL.
Pleasing Numbers Are Presented by
Miss M. E. Traynor's class, honoraries — Paul
Bailey. LUlie Rook, Lulu Shattuck. Promoted
on examination— Mabel Beaton. Lillian Kemer,
Genevieve Lyman, Adella Marcaccl. Alma
Tadd, Julian Burnslde, George Ellis, Walter
Hoatlley.
Miss N. Loughlen's class, honoraries— George
Pray, Lizzie Lechens, Clara Ott, Clara Turpin,
Mabel McAllister. Grace Gitsham, Victor
Price. Carrie Jonee. Josephine Girot, Jessie
Lincoln. 'Promoted on examination — Bertie Al
derman. Cressy Collins, Delia Coony, Miriam
Hampton, Ida Kimmerle. Harriet Saloman,
Robert Abrams. Raymond Henry. Carl Krats,
Herbert Mize, Montague Potter. Stanley Smith,
David Willis.
At the close of the programme a short
address was delivered by the principal of
the school, James H. Simmons, who de
livered diplomas and awards to the fol
lowing pupils:
Miss M. E. Casey's class, - honoraries—Er
nestine Altvater. Christine Blgnottl, • Eunice
Clough. Margaret Frlsken, Nellie Gray, Flor
ence Moran, Ethel Morrison. Fannie Wood
man. Promoted on examination— Josephine Dil
lon. Ruth Fraser. Llllie Hageman, Anna
Herbst. Alice Murray, Lottie Rouse. Fanny
Thompson. Katie Lorello. May Wallace, Jo
sephine Wheeler. George Collins, Robert Dodds,
Arthur Matthews. Mowatt Mitchell. William
Read. Harry Stafford, Henry Stone, Robert
Young. . . .
the lAke." Almee Van •' Winkle, Josephine
\\ heeler. Marie Wiebaldt, Christine Bignottl.
Graduating exercises were held yester
day at many of the public schools in the
city and the programmes presented by
the scholars were witnessed by large
numbers of their relatives and friends.
The lists of scholars who graduated or
re awal "ded certificates compare favor
ably with those of previous years and
show that the teachers and their pupils
u' e , a ?P 1Ie d themselves diligently to the
school work during the past term. -
Pleasing Programmes Presented at Closing Exer
cises and Vacation Begins for Teachers and
Pupils After Many Months' Work in Classrooms
GRADUATES OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
ARE AWARDED THEIR DIPLOMAS
THE r SAN FRANCISCO •:;CAIi'ii; " JSATURD^Y^ JTJ^E-r- 8^: 1901;
Pupils of St. Vincent's and St.- Patrick's Present Charming' Programme That
Reflects Great Credit on the Sisters of Chanty Who Have Charge of
Their Education— Friends of the Little Ones Fill the Grand Opera-House
CROWDS ATTEND EXERCISES GIVEN
BY CHILDREN OF PARISH SCHOOLS
9
POSTUM CESEAL. .
•PATCHES.
"WTiy Brown Ones Come on -Faces. ,
When a woman can get rid of brown
patches on her face by changing her diet
It is worth while for other women who
care for their complexions to know some-
thing of the method.
A lady ir Michigan City, Ind.. who does
not want her name mentioned, says that
coffee caused the brown patches on her
face by flr6t giving her stomach trouble,
then putting: her nerves out of order, and
the result was shown in her complexion.
ghe quit coffee and began using Pos-
tum Food Coffee and in less than a month
the Etomach trouble disappeared and
within' two months her complexion cleared
up and Is now fine and rosy.
She f peaks of a Mr. Knight and Gid-
ron Hunt of Westfield, Ind., who have
both been improved in health by leaving
off coffoe and taking in its place; Postum
Food Coffee, also a Mr. and Mrs. Jesse
Stanley of the same place, who were in
• poor health and suffered from stomach
trouble. They quit coffee and after using-
Postum a short time the result was nat-
ural sleep, return of appetite, and a gain
in strength as fast as nature will rebuild.
She gives the names of a number of
other persons who have been helped by
leaving off coffee and taking Postum Food
Coffee.
It is a safe proposition that if any cof-
fee user has stomach or nervous trouble,
or bad complexion, he or she can get
rid of the trouble by discontinuing coffee
taking Postum Food Coffee. It Is
'«:ai5y enough to prove the truth of . this
by making triaL Every first class grocer
sellstPostum.. ..." . '
PMBiIS Indorsed for Women a
HaT |mW ' Timmonsville, S. C, August 4, 1900. tSS
jaCk TO Hffljy ¦ I have had the "whites" for two years. Nothing would cure me until I began using mffm
¦SnL <^B Vine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught Now I am a well woman. H
HiliB^ M^Vlf ¦ __» ~aJB ' - " ¦•¦' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' '¦' MB
¦PW^Wtttfi r^WMm Thousands of women before Miss Carter found out that Wine of Cardui ¦ fi^
BZ^MMAV^ would relieve leucorrhoea. She need not have endured the dragging torture two
T^r mrzjfti ' 'A9 ean> do ou continue 5uffcrin 5 *h?* baneful malady when thousands of MM
WT W M&™ wl women > n <l on t Wine of Cardui as a cure ? Mrs. Waters suffered six years and Ba
W /*f^^^^\ — 'j9l tried twenty-five doctors to no avail. Two bottles of Wine of Cardui cured her. tm
ykf/y ) Hundreds of others could be quoted as Miss Carter and Mrs. Waters are. If'onry 9
]yV^ j' one woman in the world had been cured by Mm
1 /r .i| WINE OF CARDIII 1
it would pay you to try it But every woman who tries it gets a permanent B
WA ' . cure or some substantial benefit. You should not suffer another day when Wine MM
' ma of C*" 111 '' at 00 a k° tOet wl11 stop that nerve ' racWn S di$tres J* C*» y°" conscientiously ignore this H
SL positive relief offered you ? . ¦ : . '
bB Murray, Ala., August 7, 1000.
JSm ¦¦ I have been down with the .'/whites" but two bottles of Wine of Cardui and two packages of Thedford's Black* fin
m§ Draught made me well. I have suffered six years during which time I tried twenty-five doctors and got no relief. H&
B55fi Mv husband told me to try vour medicine and I did. So I am well. I told about fifty other women about it. na
-«wB >; -" ¦¦•¦¦•¦¦•;¦¦ v '...':.:':¦- ¦¦: -.:: ¦-¦¦¦•" ' ..' - : :' '¦' '¦¦¦ '.-:¦ ¦¦. ¦> /.^'.•..-' ¦: ¦¦¦. / Mr*, susie waters. ¦
Wgg " - . For advice and literature, address, (jiving symptoms. "The Ladies' Advisory MM
_w ¦ ¦ ' Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. MM'
. -.^%ffi}fimimM»*^^^i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ m^^^^^^ mm^^^^^^^^^mm^^^m^^^^m^^^pBradstreefs Fin&ncial Review.
Failures in* the United States for the week
number 163, against 144 last week, 184 in thla
We 1c n , a year 178 m 1899. 221 in 1898 and 256
•n 1897. Failures in Canada in May numbers!
The industrial situation ' shows little change,
but the failure of the expected settlement / of
the machinists' strike to materialize is reflected
in reports of local dulling of demands for new
kinds of 'Iron and steel In such centers as Chi
cago, Cincinnati and other markets. ' ."-•¦
• Wheat (including flour) - shipments for the
week aggregated 6,644.644 bushels, against 4,138,
970 bushels last "week, 4,230,221 bushels In -the
corresponding week of 1900, 3,158,047 bushels In
1899. and '4,730,982 bushels in 1898. ' '- * *V
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports, are 200.832.27G bushels, against 187,156,927
b "Bhels last season and 216,647,282 bushels in
1O98-98. > ¦ # ,. • j . -...¦¦.¦
buyers who expect much : lower prices will - be
disappointed. .-", A demonstration . of ¦ the : real
power for . steadying : the market possessed ; by
the: large Interests • and ; those who are reported
Involved with than In a species of community of
interests is now looked -for.- The Western hard
ware trade is In very good shape. Some of the
backwardness. In demand for agricultural imple
ment ' makers', supplies is charged to a desire to
await the proposed consolidation in' that line.
Better ' weather has helped the distribution of
shoes and Eastern shipments- for. the week are
20,000 cases ahead of last year and -90,000 cases
ahead of the season.- Stocks of upper leather
at the 'West are reported curtailed by current
strong inquiry. Exoort business Is also better
than of late and shipments are ahead of last
year. -.¦""'..•. . . • . ¦ ,,' -.. ¦,. ¦ ... -¦'-'.;'
WASHINGTON, June- 7.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the dlvlsloin of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $165,606,423; gold, $96,304,167.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦ NEW YORK, June 7.— Money on call steady
at 3@4H per cent; last loan; and ruling rate, Z
per cent. "Prime* mercantile paper, 3%@4% per
cent. Sterling exchange. „ firm \wlth" actual
business In bankers' bills at 14 88%®i4 88% for
demand and $4 85@4 85% for sixty, days. Post
ed rates,- *4 86@4 89.' Commercial bills, »4 84%
@4 SS. Silver certificates, nominally 60c. Bar
silver. 69%c. Mexican dollars, 48c. State
bonds, inactive. Government bonds, steady.
Railroad bonds. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 7. -^The , Commercial '. Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:.
, The stock market here . was quite heavy , in
the early dealings. N-rith American shares de
cidedly feverish. With ", the . exception of : Nor
folk and Western the whole list was sold free
ly. The result was a sharp drop all around
and an unsettled, feeling. Toward noon, how
ever. New York buying caused a rally." with
Louisville and Nashville, Erie and Union Pa
cific leading. In the upward movement. The
feeling did not last, and the finish was de
pressj 1 at about the worst of the day. R The
authorities here are inclined to- the opinion
that the movement Is temporary and part of
an organized movement of the New York mar-
Ket to prevent public buying- from getting be
yond control again.- * ¦ ¦ . •¦„ ¦¦ -¦
I Th e Bank of England has received £16,000
gold , In . . bars land has bought £200,000 at the
Cape and. £7000 in Brazil..' ¦ , , - ,
: Tb^money rates continue: easy,- 1% per cent
on. call. 2Vt per cent fixtures and 6 per cent
on discounts. ', v. , ". - i < •
The tender of silver made by France has been
secured by Hlrsch's banking house -
. The May trade reports, made public to-day,
show that- during the month Imports decreased
per °* nt and the exports decreased 4.6 per
S '.» A. e coaI sh IP«»ents were greater,
despite -the new export tax on the product-
Paris exchange Is 25.20% and Berlin 20.41
¦\ CLOSING. 1 ' ¦
tjP?^- 00^ June 7.— Atchison. 90H1 Canadian
Pacific, 108H; : Northern Pacific preferred, 10OH;
d 'S2 n , k " 11%: Anaconda, lO;!>ar silver,
steady, 27ftd per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
London' Market.
Bank Clearings.
Considerable ' activity developed In . the stock
market this week, although within the past
few days there was a falling off of Interest In
speculation. "together with renewed liquidation
and an. Irregular tendency In prices. The ap
proach ' of the midsummer season would ap
pear to-be largely responsible for this latter
demonstration and it cannot be said that the
market exhibits any decided weakness. In
the early days of the week there was, In fact,
a decided tone of strength and a number of
important advances were recorded throughout
the list. This was in the main the result of
the harmonization effected last week between
the Hill-Morgan and the Kuhn-Loeb Interests
In relation to Northern Pacific. Representa
tion In the Northern Pacific board is to be ac
corded, to the Union Pacific and their wishes
In regard to the management of the Burling
ton will now receive due attention. In other
respects the great -financial interests which
are parties to the treaty of peace will; , it Is
to be presumed, henceforth work In complete
accord, the principle of the community of In
terests In regard to the large Western.-rail
road systems ¦ being again established on a
more secure footing than ever. There is also
a general feeling In , financial circles that
further combinations ¦ of - railroad properties
may be looked for, though none of the week's
developments > has been such as to give con
firmation'to the idea. The election of Mr.
Steele, one of the partners of J. P. . Morgan &
Co., to a seat on the Atchison board of di
rectors, attracted a great deal of attenlon,
although - it ' is declared that no special sig
nificance need' be attached to the matter.
There Is also a belief that the plans in con
nection with the unification of . Southwestern
railroad Interests will soon be brought out
and a number , of other Important deals are
currently believed to be In > preparation.
, NEW YORK, : June 7.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: ! :
1 y u\:
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bradstreet \s on Trade.
¦¦ ' CHICAGO, June, 7.— At. the beginning v of to
day's session * in - the' '. wheat ' pit ' shorts \ were
frightened by reports of snow and frost In the
Northwest, j It was said great damage had been
done to all crops and under, the hurry; to cover
July opened i %@%c • higher • at' 73%@73%c.- On
the Kansas crop report, the market advanced to
74V6C ' About i mid -session ' a ' private crop report
saying • Um n decline ; in Kansas ¦¦ and . elsewhere
Wheatand Other i Grains.
WHEAT-^-FarlB and i Liverpool were lower. . 1 /.
Chicago opened firmer . on unfavorable . weath-
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..' — . |4 8614
Sterling Exchange, slsht... ....... — ¦ ;4 89%
Sterling cables , — : 4 90 .
New York Exchange,* sight '.Yr. : . — 12-$
New York Exchange, telegraph.*.*, — >_¦_, 15 .-
Silver, 1 per ounce." •...'."..;:.:...'—•'- 69J£
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 49"£ @ 50 -
Exchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grainj Market.
LOCALS MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Juno 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,605 barrels ; exports, 6667 -barrels. : Quiet and
fairly steady at unchanged prices. j . !
WHEAT— Receipts v 179,000 /bushels; exports,
67,000 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 82%c
f. o. b.' afloat; No. 2 red, 80%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth,- S6tf of: o. b. afloat (old); No.
1 hard Duluth, 90%c f . o. b. afloat. Options
opened firmer on heavy frosts in the Northwest
and local' covering. Subsequent ¦ sharp reactions
under bearish late cables gave way later to. bad
crop news from Kansas, ' fears of a bullish crop
report on 1 Monday and renewed covering; closed
steady at a partial %c net decline.* July, 7S%@
79 6-16C. closed 79ttc; September. 75%@75 11-16C,
closed 75%c; October, 75%@75%c, closed 73%c.
. HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-^Steady.
• WOOL— Steady. _ ' ; > ." v7-"->.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6c:
mild; quiet; Cordova, 8">4®12%c. Futures closed
steady as to tone with .last ; night' b prices in
force. Total sales, 33,250 bags, including: June,
5.15c ; July, 5.20c; August, 5.25c; September,
5.85c; October, 5.40c; December, 5.55@5.60c; Jan
uary. 5.60®5.65c; March, 5.70@o.75c; May, 5.80c.
I SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet; fair refining,
3 21 -32c ; i centrifugal, 96 test, • 4 Vic ; molasses su
gar, 3%®3 7-16c; refined, quiet. :;: " '
BUTTER-Receipts, - 2800 packages. Steady ;
creamery, 10® 19c; factory, • ll@14c. '-¦'¦•
EGGS— Receipts. 9980 packages. Weak; West
ern candled, 13Hc; Western uncandled, ll@13c. ¦ '
¦ DRIED FRUITS. ;.. .
"' NEW. YORK." June 7.— A moderate inquiry for
choice and fancy , f grades of evaporated apples
was In force all . day. fl The close was steady
State . common, good to j choice: •¦ 3U<S>5c • S nrlme
mm 5%c ; choice. 6® 6V4c : rancy, 6%@7c. ¦¦'
•California dried fruits ruled quiet and steady
af yesterday's declines. >' . . . , .
. PRUNES— 2%@6>4c per pound, as to size and
quality .\ ¦-••. , ; - . .-¦. ¦-* -''-> -
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@12c; Moorpark. 7V-@12e
* -PEACHES-^Peeled. U@18c; unpeeled, • 6® 10c '<
Iron and steel are quiet In all lines as re
gards new business.^ but piglron -Is .'25c. a ton
weaker. ~ Consumption, _ however, * proceeds ¦_.- at
an undlmlnlshed . rate. -' The Iron ore ; supply is
in very strong hands and the -movement, owing
to i, the late : opening * of t navigation, is behind
that of • a year ago. This, coupled , with the re
ported, fixing of Bessemer pig quotations for the
ensuing half of the year at ?16, a fraction 'below
present nominal rates, leads to the belief that
. There is rather* a better tone In textiles, due
partly to an improved distribution In summer
dry goods and also to better reorders for woolen
goods for fall delivery. A fair trade is doing In
new, woolens, induced by ¦ necessary . buying of
manufacturers, but ' no , additional - advance \ Is
noted as to prices, high grade wools: being best
held, while medium and coarse grades -' still
favor. buyers: ¦*-.•• " : f
NEW YORK, June 7.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say: ' ; ' :, ... . ¦' .
Despite some Irregularity .due to special 'con
ditions, the general trade situation shows' an
improvement, owing to better weather and crop
conditions In most sections of the country. In
the East the first real week of warm weather
has been reflected in an. improved retail demand
for seasonable fabrics ¦ and wearing- apparel,
this' in turn inducing more activity In jobbing
lines of dry goods, • shoes and other products.
The same is true ' of the Northwest, where
needed rains have quieted apprehensions as't-j
the spring wheat outlook. -. A measurable Im
provement In crop 'conditions at the South has
yet to b-J reflected ' In most Southern 'trade ad
vices. • Pacific Coast crop and trade advices
are also. better, but the, reports of impaired
wheat and corn crop conditions in the South
west and the quieter trade there, where activity
has beei» heretofore great, relieves" the general
trade report of the reproach of monotony. Re
ports of dry weather in the West and of dam
age in Missouri i and I Kansas I were supporting
features to the- successful advancing of. wheat
prices early., in : the : week, • but long liquidation
and ¦ reports cf rains In the Northwest later on
caused a Iocs of early advance, the result being
a fractional lowering of quotations on the week
Rather more export interest Is reported In ce
reals at the decline. •" - > . . - . * . ¦ -
New York Grain and Produce.
SEW YORK, June ".—In to-day's stock mar
ket there was only a few points of activity and
strength and the majority of stocks were dull
and sluggish, moving irregularly up and dull
under the varying operations of the room
trader*. There were some large transactions
by the brokers who have been credited with
acting fpr various financial leaders, but they
¦were ¦ so mixed on the long and short side as
V> add to the speculative confusion. The vol
ume of dealings showed a further falling off
from yesterday's decreased total. The opinion
prevailed that the closing out of accounts ear
lier In the week was in preparation for the
rummer holiday season and promised a period
of comparative dullness and idleness in the
market Whatever points of strensth were
'hewn in the market seemed to be due to in
dividual causes. Louisville was notably strong
and the ¦ buying wae accompanied by talk of
an. Increase in the dividend rate, which was
however, deprecated by Insiders.
Pacifies and the Southwesterns moved with
exception of the Wabash issues, which were
affected by realizing. The story recurred that
Missouri Pacific le to be placed on a 5 per
cent dlviderfd basis later in the month by the
declaration of a lump dividend and that valu
able rights in. addition are to be declared ' The
movement in Baltimore and Ohio seemed to be
bared on reports of the conference between
Pennsylvania and Reading officials, presumably
to arrange measures for the benefit of Balti
more and Ohio. The New York "public utilities
were generally affected by hopes of relief from
the franchise tax, and in addition Brooklyn
Transit put out a report of good net earnings
for April. The tobacco stocks were subject
to active speculation on the organization of
the Consolidated Tobacco Company. The stock
was feverish, receding early on realizing but
rallying on published assertions of the forma
tion of an underwriting syndicate for the new
company, which would take up half of the pro
pwa debenture bonds and keep them off the
market. Continental stocks ehow gains of
about a Point American Tobacco 2%. American
Sruff 8»4 and the preferred T%. There were
bmices many, usually neglected stocks which
advanced from 1 to 5 points without any news
tr» explain the movement. Net chances as a
rule are not significant, but the sluggish fluc
tuations do not take prices far from list night's
Ifcvg, although the extreme range from high
to low reached from 1 to S points In the active
Blocks. Not much attention was paid to th"
money market, but the call loan rate ran up
to 414 per cent in the late dealings. On Mon
day the fourth Installment of J 10, 000 000 is due
?v, s » bs "" lpU £ ns t0 the Unlon Pacific convert
ible bond*. Preparations will begin next week
«lso 4 tor the payment of several dividends dur
ing the week following, notably that on Stand
ard OIL Indications are that the cash changes
«»« shown by to-morrow's bank statement
Will -be less than half a million dollars with
probably a gain for the banks. The firmness
of the sterling exchange market both here and
In Paris in view of the reduction of the Bank
of England rate and the easy discounts In
London attract considerable attention Re
mHtAnce on account of the next installment on
British consol subscriptions, which falls due
on. June 18, is a factor at both centers Paris
«*sne to be transferring large amounts of
c*plt*l for Investment In the London market
besides. New York is making preparation to
ro»ct the June 30 dividend and Interest obli
gations in - London. Besides London was a
larger. Beller of stocks here to-day. The ex
change market was thus held firm at what was
the gold export point for the last outward
movement, but no gold was engaged for ex
port. 1 • •
The bond market was quiet and Irregular
Total ealee, par value. $2,685,000.
United States bonds were unchanged, on the
last call. •).
Sharr-s - . Closing
NEW. YORK STOCK LIST.
Hold. Stocks— • Bid.
16,600 Atchison 87%-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Shipments of boots and shoes from Boston
continue very -large for the last week, exceed
ing the same week of 1900 by 20,000 cases, and
since the year opened^ forwardlngs have, been
over 2,000.000 cases, far surpassing any previous
record. /Although the movement is still heavy,
shops receive few orders, and it will be some
weeks before active work begins on fall con
tracts. Retailers are offering black goods for
summer wear at reduced prices, and it Is evi
dent that the prQductlon of these shoes was
excessive, while tan shoes have been In much
greater demand and manufacturers are pushed
to fulfill contracts. Prices are steady and Job
bers report that the better qualities are sought.
Local distribution is facilitated by the warm
weather, and this factor is even more potent
in the market for -cotton goods. Other textiles
were helped, though less - extensively.
•Efforts to secure advances In grain by exag
gerated reports of damage to the growing crop
have given place to more rational statements
and the outlook is generally conceded to be full
of promise. Speculative operations for a de
cline, however, are far from aggressive; - the
severe losses of the short interest thus far this
season making; traders extremely cautious. A
slight flurry In July wheat at Chicago caused
hasty covering and a sharp advance which was
of short duration, as moderate profits were
quickly taken. ¦ Abundant production in the
United States does not necessarily mean weak
prices, for. European crops are falling below
expectations and foreign .purchases . continue
heavy; Atlantic exports for the week (flour In
cluded) amounting to 4,520,144 bushels, against
2.855,261 last year, and 1.849.373 two years ago.
Pacific exports also show good gains, reaching
854.815 bushels against 591.015 a year ago and
623.600 in 1899. Including exports at Duluth
and Portland, Me., the total outward move
ment for' the week, exclusive of Canadian
ports, was 5,646.597 bushels, against 3.S38.364
bushels last year and 2,748,467 bushels in the
same week of 1899. . \
• Labor controversies have become the factor
of ' greatest importance in the leading manu
facturing industry. Counting, perhaps, upon
the heavy loss which would-* be sustained by
employers in case of suspension, the machin
ists made what were considered unreasonable
demands- by employers at many points, who
have taken a determined stand and announced
that the strikers' places will be taken by non
union men on Monday if they fall to resume
work. More quiet conditions • : in the market
and few new contracts make this action possi
ble. As a rule manufacturers have not sought
business beyond July 1, and it looks as though
they had been preparing for the conflict. Pig
Iron Is extremely dull, not a sale of Bessemer
being reported during the week at Plttsburg
and quotations are nominal. Large \ contracts
for rails sustain billets and finished steel de
liveries continue. Shipments of farm machin
ery attract much attention, while bridge build
ing, new vessels and track elevation prevent
dullness In structural material.
- The cessation of manipulation In corn con
tributed to a decline of 2.1 cent in bread
stuffs. , ¦
The labor situation in many parts of the
country is still seriously unsettled and consti
tutes a reason for hesitation In some indus
tries, discouraging new operations which satis
factory conditions .would otherwise stimulate.
But quick decision is to be expected in some
of these labor controversies, and in the mean
time trade Is encouraged by reports of a satis
factory condition of winter wheat over a large
portion of the country. As for spring wheat
the crop was put In under very favorable con
ditions and there have been few unsatisfactory
reports. Railroad earnings for May, showing 9.6
per cent In excess of 1000 and 23.2 per cent over
1899, reflect a continued activity in the coun
try, while at New York bank clearings remain
for the week 86.8 per cent over 1900 and 59.1
per cent over . 1899. with gains at the leading
cities outside Ne.w York of 27.1 per cent over
1900 and 27.5 per 'cent over 1899. . >
NEW YORK. June 7.-R, G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly, review, of trade to-niforrow will say:
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
fire: five months of the year were J2,S%,097,
against J7.6SS.647 for the same time last year,
the leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion. ~S1.388.2S4; Mexican dollars, S40S.710;
silver coin. J14C.LS-1: grold coin, $652,131; cur
rency and bonds, {225,316.
The leading destinations were as follows:
China. JL6S3.634; New York, J1.01L743; Mexico,
J100.000.
Weather Report. m
(120t'h Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 7—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 54; Mount Tamalpals, 64; Independ
ence. S6; Red Bluff. ST; Fresno, 91; Los An
(reles. 74; Sacramento. 80; San Luis Obispo, 76;
San Di«?po. 66.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
62; minimum, 47; mean, 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over Washington and
Oregon and has fallen over Utah and Nevada.
The storm is de\-eloping over Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen about 8 degTees
over Northeastern California and Eastern Ore
gon.
A thunderstorm is reported at Salt Lake
City. and high southerly winds are blowing in
Southern Utah. Conditions are favorable for
the approach of a Sonera storm from the Mexi
can boundary.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 8, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday: brisk
southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Saturday;
3isrht northerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Saturday;
probably light thunderstorms; brisk southerly
winds.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Satur
day: probably Hpht thunderstorms In the moun
ts Ins; fresh southerly winds.
San Francisco and \icinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
June 6, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease . as "compared with the corresponding
week last year:
-* Percentage.
CITIES— ' Clearances Inc. Dec
New York Jl, 825, 069, 702- 86.9
Boston 154.527.730 . 27.4 ....
Chicago 176,203,118 32.4 ....
Philadelphia 135,051.117 34.5 ....
St. Louis | 45,127,903 29.5
'Pittsburg .." 47,443,105 38.2 .:..
Baltimore 25,418,691 2.2 ....
San Francisco 22.608.690 4.7 ....
Cincinnati ¦ 23,117,550 23 9 • ...
Kansas City • 19.908.S58 ' 2S.4
New Orleans 9.S93.4S6 24.7 ....
Minneapolis ....... 11,171,398- .... ¦ 6.5
Detroit 12,194,305 37.0-
Cleveland 15,757,425 32.9. -
Louisville 1,549,783 36.0 ....
Providence 6,378,400 4.3'
Milwaukee... 7,453,073 2319
St. Paul 4,685,692, .... 10.6
Buffalo ...' 6,929,7121 28.4
Omaha 7,019,205 ' 1.7
Indianapolis 9.469.900 45.4 ' ....
Columbus, 0 8,143,000 46.9 ....
Youngstown , 403,625 22.5 ....
Savannah 2,657,180 .... 5.9
Denver 3,998.808 2.6 ' ....
Hartford , 2.940,895 15.1
Richmond .: ...^ 4,189.931 2.7
Memphis 2.230.9S7 -1.1
Washington 3,226,157 2.5 ....
Peorla 2,357,470 11.3" ....
Rochester 4,232.629 40.4
New Haven 1.649.335 4.6 ....
¦Worcester 1.556.264 23.2" ....
Atlanta » 1.740.B68 15.2 ....
Salt Lake City ....' 3.509.088 78.2 ....
Springfield. Mass.. 1,729.664 26.3
Fort Worth . 3,702.755 58.4 ' ....
Portland; Me 1.248.011 36.8
Portland. Or. • 2,563.546 35.8 ' ....
St. Joseph 6.360.338 11.2 ....
Los Angeles 3.100.246 19.2
Norfolk ...: 1.343.203 .... 3.S
Syracuse 1.251.865 2.3
Des Molnes 1.739.266 11.2
Nashville 1.482.CO0 18.7
Wilmington, Del .. 1.040.506 9.0 ... - .
Fall River .... 847.619 ¦ 2.0
Scranton 1.379,874 20.8 ....
Grand Rapids 1,387.840 91.
Augusta, Ga .. 755.135 23.5* ....
Lowell 742.215 • 30.4
Dayton. 0 1.205.201 13.2 ....
Seattle 3,129.011 26.7 .
Tacoma 1,032,879' 20 3
Spokane..... 1,311,109 6.8 ....
Sioux City 1,434,273 -7.2
New Bedford ...... 468,353 5.6 ....
Knoxville, Tenn... . 664,166 3.1
Topeka 839.387 20.1 ' ....
Birmingham ' 829.782 ...
Wichita 564.171 ....
BinRhamton 36?, 700 12 5
Springfield, 111 .... SOS 319 20.0 ..'.
Lexington. Ky V B88.698 26.7 ....*
Jacksonville; Fla.. 2S1.S80 10.2 ¦ ....
Kalamazoo 432.810 '28
Akron 6G2.700 16.3 ,...
Helena :... ! 766.866 32.5
Chattanooga 484,427 3.4
Rockford, III - 325,617 62 3
Canton. O 361.800 13.1 .-...
SDringfleld, O '310.711 16.5 " .
FarR-o. N. D 410.323 R.4 ' •
j Sioux Falls. S. D.: 23O.fi39 29.9 ; ,.••
Bloomlngton 290.722 2fi.O ;.."
Fremont, Nebr ... 217.479 36 4
I Davenport 1.14^.463 ... Hi
Toledo 2.222.2.1S . lo.l . '
Oalveston 5,054.000 — -"' 75
Houston 8.27S.441 39.8 • '
Little Rock ¦ • 470.747 8.7 ....
Macon, Ga .-.•¦'. W7.nno . R.2 ,\\'
Evnnsvllle — ..... 997.160 is!9 .'."
Jacksonville. 111.... 178.802 - 11
Colorado Snrinsrs.. 710.182
Wheeling. W. Va.. . ES5.647 ....
Chester. Pa ', 587.199 .... :...
Wilkesbarre 950.754 ..... ....
TotalB.'U. K......J2,666,0Ol,182 61.0
Totals outside cf
'New York • 840.931.680 23.7 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.,, •
Montreal ..J 18,540,658 27.2 ....
Toronto 13,601,102.' '21.7 ....
Winnipeg 1,160,691 48 1
Halifax 1,790 325 .13.9
Hamilton ' 835,246 17
St. John, N. B.... * 855,142 9.8
Vancouver. B. C... 883,897 '..'.. 10 3
Victoria, B. C...... 8M.710 23.0
Quebec 1.728.292. ....
Totals ....'..... ...% 38,498,V71 17^2 ....
S.900 Atchieon prefd ..........103%
7,100 Baltimore & Ohio 108^4
1.600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 96>4
600 Canadian Pacific .....106
SCO Canada Southern 69 "
2,700 Chesapeake & Ohio... 50%
9,100 Chicago & Alton 46%
800 Chicago & Alton prefd 81
5G0 Chlcagro Burlington & Qulncy 196%
3,100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 38?i
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois .....133
400 Chicago & Great Western 22%
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd... 81
Chicago & Great Western B prefd... 47 !
Chicago & Northwestern ........200
6,800 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific VIVA
LSOO Chicago Terminal & Trans. ...^ 23V*
L100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 45
500 C C C & St Louis 85%
300 Colorado Southern 15%
roo Colorado Southern 1st prefd .'... 52%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd...: 23%
400 Delaware & Hudson ..167%
300 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 233
1,600 Denver & Rio Grande 52
1.300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 99
50.400 Erie 43?*
3.200 Erie 1st prefd 70%
1,500 Erie 2d prefd 57>4
Great Northern prefd ' 185
100 Hocking Valley 54%
100 Hocking Valley prefd 78
1,900 Illinois Central 143%
11,800 Iowa Central 87
4,100 Iowa Central prefd 66%
Lake Erie & Western 59
Lake Erie & Western prefd 119
S9.C00 Louisville &. Nashville 110%
4.900 Manhattan L 118%
9,100 Metropolitan .Street Railway 172«A
1,600 Mexican Central /. 26%
1,200 Mexican National .; .11%
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 98
9.600 Missouri Pacific 115%
1,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas ....' 31',±
3,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 64
New Jersey Central 160
2,200 New York Central ........: 157
1,700 Norfolk & Western., 54%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 88
Northern PacJSc ; 100
100 N Northern pacific prefd.^ 98»A
25.700 Ontario & Western .^ ..J ;.... 38
19.100 Pennsylvania .'..?« 131%
P C C & St Louis .'...; 79%
9,400 Reading 46% I
3.700 Reading 1st prefd 78% '
2.200 Reading 2d prefd 56%
1.600 St Louis & gan.Fran 47
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S6
1,900 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 71%
200 St Louis Southwestern 35%
6.800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 69%
8,300 St Paul 7 168
St Paul prefd 186
40,400 Southern Pacific 60
1S.400 Southern Railway 34%
2,200 Southern Railway prefd '. 87
10,200 Texas & Pacific 48%
500 Toledo St Louis & Western 22%
Toledo St Louis &. Western prefd... 38
45,100 Union Pacific 109%
900 Union Pacific prefd 90
8,200 Wabash 23«g
6,500 Wabash prefd ; 42%
1.OC0 Wheeling & Lake Erie .'... 20%
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 33^
2,300 Wisconsin Central 24T»
Wisconsin Central prefd 46%
Express companies—
Adams ISO
American 192
300 United States 9S
Wells-Fargo 155
Miscellaneous — ;
4,600 -Amalgamated Copper 1*6
13.500 American Car & Foundry 30
2,400 American Car & Foundry prefd 85%
100 American Linseed Oil 15
100 American Linseed Oil prefd 44
500 American Smelting & Refln 58"
500 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 99%
40, 100 American Tobacco .143%
£00 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
20,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
900 Colorado* Fuel & Iron : 101%
400 Consolidated Gas 221
21,200 Continental Tobacco 70%
10,200 Continental Tobacco prefd 121
100 General Electric 246^
' 100 Glucose Sugar 68% I
4,200 Hocking Coal 23% |
1.800 International Paper .- rr. .-. 23%
300 International Paper prefd 78
L200 International Power :..» 9S%
100 Laclede Gas .: 85%
200 National Biscuit -.... 45
2,100 National Lead 20%
100 National Salt , 43Vi
100 National Salt prefd .' 77Vi
600 North American 90 i
¦ 2,700 Pacific Coast 65 j
5,600 Pacific Mail 43%
1,200 People's Gas 116
800 Pressed Steel Car 45%
800 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86% i
100 Pullman Palace Car 208%
1.900 Republic Steel 19%
1.400 Republic Steel prefd 75%
12.SC0 Sugar i .......144%
.. 600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
MO Union Bag & Paper Company 13 5i
600 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70%
1,200 United States Leather 14
200 United States Leather prefd 79%
100 United States Rubber 20%
2<)0 United States Rubber prefd 62%
41.400 United States Steel 60%
10.800 United States Steel prefd .' 9SV4
1.000 Western Union 93%
736,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. .
U S refunding 2s, N Y Cent lsts ...107%
reg 106% N J Cent gen 3s.. 132%
do coup' 107% North Pae 3s 72%
do 3a reg 109 do 4s 106%
do coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s. 107
do new 4s reg. ..139 Norf & W con 4b. .102%
do coup 139 Or Nav'lsts MK)
do old 4s reg 112% do 4s 103 '
do "coup 113V Or S Line 6s.". .V. .125%
¦ do Cs reg ..10S%j do con. 5s 116%
do coup 1C8vi ! Reading gen 4s .. 97%
Dist of Col 3.65s... 125 R G W lsts 102
Atchison gen 4s. ..1037* St L & I M con 5e.ll6%
do adj 4s- 96% St L & S F gen 6s. 134
Can South-Ms ..'.108 St Paul cons .....183
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07% St P C & P lsts.llS^i
do 5s 120 I do 5s .......119
C & N W con 7s..l42»£|South Pac 4s .... 33vi
. do S F deb 5s... 121% South Ry Ss 118%
Chi Term 4s 95% S Rope & T 6s 61U
Colo South 4s 89% | Tex & Pac lsts.... 116%
D & R G 4s 103% do 2ds 99
! Erie gen 4s ....... 90'i'Union Pac 4s lO6>i
Ft W & D C lsts. .108% Wabash lsts us'*
Gen Elec 5s lSolj- do 2ds ........ ....mu
Iowa Cent lsts ...115 'West Shore 4s ....113 "-
L & Nash unl 4s.. 103% Wls Cent lste 90%
M K & T 2ds 84 Va Centuries ..... 96%
do 4s 9S% ' . f*
'. MINING ' STOCKS. ,
Adams Con 15 Little Chief ....rr.. 13
Alice 44 Ontario ...: 7 75
Breece 1 M Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con ... 17 Phoenix .19
ComFtock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl og
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage ; o$
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada ... 06
Horn Silver 115 Small. Hopes ....... ''45
Iron Silver .: 60 Standard 370
Leadvllle Con ..... Oil .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — West End ....;. <uu
Call loans ..S@3% Westlngh Elec "'70 '
Time loans 3%@4% l Bonds— «\ . ,
Stocks— ¦ • Atchison 4s '¦]. 103 1
Atchison 87% N E G & Coke'ss! 62%
do prefd 103% * Mining ¦ shares--. "
Am Sugar :. 144% Adventure,...-. 17a.
do prefd ..: 122V= Bingham Mln Co" 231?
Am Telephone ....173 Amalg Copper " WiuJ
Boston & Albany. 253 . Atlantic ..7.:..'" 33*
Boston Elevated. ..180 , Boston & Mont'"*445
Boston & Maine. ..194' Butte & Boetoii""iift
|C B & Q 196% Calumet & Hecla825
Dom Coal ...34 Centennial,... 99"
do prefd ..115 Franklin ""*" igu
U S Steel 50 Humboldt ......"." 25
¦'do prefd :. 98% Osceola ..'. "'" ss "
Gen. Electric ...."..245 Parrot '¦ '" 64
Mex Cent-.. 26 |Qulncy "170-
N E G & Coke 10 Santa Fe Copper ' 7
Old Dominion 32% Tamarack t ... '330 *,
Rubber ............. 20% Utah Mining \ ;.".". 30C
Union Pacific.' 109 Wlnona .....r.. / .^14
Union Land ....... 3 Wolverines 56%
WHEAT— Spot, Bteady ; : No. 1 Northern
spring, ¦> 6s Id; . No. 1 California, • 8s -l%d; No. • 2
red Western winter, ' 5s .; lid. . ¦ Futures, .quiet ;
July. 6s 10J4d; September, 6s 9%d.. „.---• ,
- « CORN— Spot," steady ; American mixed, new,
Ss.lO%d; ; do old, 4s 2%d. t Futures, quiet; July,
3s;i0%d; September, 3s lid; October, nominal.
. LIVERPOOL, June -7.— Wheat.' - quiet; '/ No 1
standard California, 6s. I%d@6s2d; wheat in
Paris, ,weak; flour * in Paris, *¦ weak;'- French
country markets, "dull;,, weather ' In -England,
fine. ;.;*J®2S6SS5r*^** J^ a SPS^JJ4^" :
¦ „: CLOSING. ¦ . . : '
LONDON, i June 1 7.— Consols, 93 6-16; sliver,
27%d;. French- rentes, ; ; 101f' 27%c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. : 1 standard
California, SOs; 'cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 6d*
English country market,. quiet. ,
Foreign Markets.
' PORTLAND, June 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
59@60c' for "export, 61o for milling. -
i -. ¦-:. ; WASHINGTON.^ ¦- '.l.^
TACOMA, June 7.— Wheat %c higher for blue
stem at 62c; Club unchanged at 60c. ¦
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, June 7. — Clearings, $363,253; bal-'
ances.' J41.684. • *•' .
Portland's Business.
LONDON. June 7.— At a sale of sheepskins
held . here to-day 279,717 were ' offered. • The
supply, waa larger and the ' condition unsatis
factory. « There was an average I attendance
present and competition was fair. The with
drawals were large. ¦ the limits far exceeding
the market value. London wooled grades were
8 faHhlngs, short 8 farthings, and coarse goods
1 farthing lower. In all 177,727 skins were sold.
Sale of Sheepskins.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Slow; good to choice
wethers. $3 90(g'4 25^ fair to choice mixed, J3 75
®4: Western sheep. J3 90«W25; yearlings, J4 10
©435: native lambs, J5@5 25; Western lambs.'
$5@5 25. \f . -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
18,000 estimated; left over, 4500. Strong to shade
higher; mixed and butchers, J5 70@6; good to
choice heavy, $5 85(5x6: rough heavy, J5 70@5 90;
light. S5 70@5 90; bulk of sales.' J5 87%@5 95.
CHICAGO, .June .7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000.
Poor 'to medium. J4 50@5 40; stockers and feed
ers, J3®4 90: cows and heifers, J2 65@5 10; can
ners, $2@2 60; bulls. $2 80@4 50; calves. J4 60®
6 75; Texas steers. $4 50@5 60; bulls, J2 75@3 85.'
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 7. — COTTON — Opened firm
and up 5@8 points on vigorous general demand.
The market closed well up at the top, with
sentiment very bullish, prices 10@13 points net
higher. \ ._
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK.- June 7. ; -Ofl 1 erlne:s of spot, tin
In the local metal ' market were - on a liberal
scale and caused an easier feeling throughout
the session and also tended to reduce prices,
until at the close prices were quoted at J2S 70
@28 75. Only a. moderate business transpired
at the decline. In London spot tin was ad
vanced £1 to £131 10s and futures gained 10s,"
closing at £127 10s, due to a lack of sellers
rather than, to an Increase.' In. the demand.
Copper in London was a shade lower, dos
ing easy at £69 5s and futures at £69 15s. Here
the situation was dull and nominal at J17 for
lake and J16 62% for casting.
Lead was without change in London and
New York.
Spelter also ruled at old prices. ' " . "
Piglron warrants unchanged.
Fresh fruits stand about as before.
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction. Lemons weaker.
Dried Apples and Apricots firm. Other kinds dull '
Provisions firm under a fair local and shipping demand.
Packers to bid lower prices for Hogs next week. '
Fair transactions on the local stock exchanges.
Decreased exports of specie this year.
Grapes appeared in market.
Hides firmer and more active.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged: : ' 5
Hay continues firm under light arrivals. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds very quiet: ' ' ,
Nwu Potatoes steady and new Onions firmer.
Eggs continue to advance slowly. .Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry market well supplied and weak. : ; ".
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower. -Excliange undisturbed. .
Wheat weak. Barley futures lower.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Apples are In light supply and higher, both,
here and in the East. There Is some nibbling
at new Apricots at firm prices. Otherwise there
is nothing new.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7%c for old crop and
7%@8%c for. new; Evaporated Apples. 5%@6c;
sun-dried. 2c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard. 4%@5%c for choice and 6@6%c for fancy;
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpitted. %@
l%c; Nectarines. 4@4%c for red and 4® 5c for
PRUNES — 4 sizes,' 3c: 40-50s, 6%c; 50-603, 4U-
60-TOs 3%c; 70-803. 3%c; 80-SOs. 2%c; 90-100s, ¦>££*
100-120S, 1%C. "-¦•¦¦ ¦-'--_
RAISINS-The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie; stand
ard 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thompson's 9c
per lb. Sultanas-Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice.
9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; unbleached Sull
tanas 8c: Seedless. 50-lb boxes. 6%c; 4-crown
7c; 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown, 6c. Pacific brand—
2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Vic. and 4-crown, 5U C 
seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; London Layers 2
crown, J160 per. box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperials, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points la
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 so ft shell, ll®ll%c- No
2, 8©8%c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2, 6%a
7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell, 10® lie for
softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts i&
6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c: Filbert*.
12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. J3 50&5
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9Uo
for light amber: water .white extracted. 5®5%c
light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 3%c.
. BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
Provisions. < • • *
The market is quoted firm, with a fair de
mand for both local and shipping account.
The Western markets are very strong. Stock*
of Lard here are light.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy
12%@13c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14^jo
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef J13
per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Family, tu. 50
prime Mess Pork. *15; extra, clear. $23; Mess!
»19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10U@10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%@lli4c; 5-lb tSa.
10%©11%c. -•
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, - 874c; three*
half-barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8fcc; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are reported firmer and more active.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 8%@9c for heavy and 8@S%c for light;
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal,
9%@10c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16318%c;
Culls. 13%® 14c; Dry Kip, 16c: Dry Calf. 18%®
17c; Culls and Brands, 13® 14c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 15@30c* each; short Wool, 30
@50c each; medium. 60@75c; long Wool. 80c@
Jl each: Horse Hides, salt, J2 50@2 75 for larga
and J2 25 for medium, Jl 50@l 73 for small and
60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. Jl 73 for large.
Jl 50 for medium, Jl 25 for amall and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer • or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered. 4%@5c per lb; No.
2. 3%@4c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. H@15c per lb: Northern, free, 129
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10^
lie: do defective. 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do. medium and coarse. 13@14c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice.- ll«13c; do. fair to good, 9©llc;
Nevada. 30®12c.
HOPS— 15® 20c per lb. %
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers are talking of reducing their bids
for Hogs to 6c next week, in view of the larger
supplies coming forward. Otherwise there la
nothing new in the market.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealara
are as follows: . ¦
BEEF— 7©7%c for Steers and 6®6%c rer Itt
for • cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. «%®7c per
pound. ¦
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound. 9 I *".
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6%9
6',;c: ISO to 22S lbs, &@6%c; 225 and over. 5%®Sc;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7%®9%c
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65;
Calcutta. Grain Bags', 7%c; local make,
%c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 30@34c;
Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
v COAL— Wellington. J9 per ton; x Southfleld
Wellington, »9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. J8 50: Cooa
Bay, $5 50: "Wall send, $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, J15 per ton in balk and
J17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and JS 50 per ton, accord
ins to brand. - .
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there 'have been two ar
rivals of Coal from British Columbia, 8«35 tons;
three from Washington. 2464; one from Oregon.
160; three from Australia. 7581; total, 13,840
tons. . We are fully 10.000 tons short of our
requirements this -week, as the demand for
steam uses Is very brisk, hence the reserve In
yard will be eaten Into. The quantity utilized
for house purposes Is very light, as the sum
mer season has fairly set In and fuel Is only
needed for stoves, not grates. Prices are un
changed, as consumers and producers seem to
be satisfied with current values. Freights on
coal from Australia and England are sottenln?
and will continue to -do so, as outward grain
freights are firm and will Improve as the sea
son-advances, but the f. o. b. prices on all
fuels In foreign ports still continue to rul«
high. There was a very brisk demand for Aus
tralian six months ' ago for Honolulu. Valpa
raiso and the West Coast, which enabled them
to mark up their prices 50c tc 75c per ton and
readily dispose of - their entire output. At
present r there is . an indication of lighter de
mand ¦ for the above ports, which may finally
lead to a decline. When this occurs we may
find colonial freely shipped In this direction.
Fuel oil Is being pumped about equal in quan
tity to Its requirement. If prices were mow
seductive a large number of wells now capped
would be furnishing considerably more."
OILS — California Castor Oil In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels,' 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut. 53®63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels. 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c:
Whale Oil. natural white. X7%@42%c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. In barrels, 35c; cases. 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White* Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 18%c; Astral, 18%c:
Star, 18%c; Extra -Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23%c:
Eocene. 20%c: deodorised ' stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 15c; In cases. 21c: Benzine. In bulk. 14c:
In cases, 20c: SC-degree Gasoline, in bulk. Me;
In cases, 26c
TURPENTINE-5SC per gallon In cases and
49c in drams or Iron barrels.
> .SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany, quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 8.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy.Gran
ulated, 6. S3c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.73c: Fruit Granulated, 5.73c; Mag
nolia A. 5.33c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more: box
es, 50c more: 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for . less than 73 barrels or its equiva
lent. Dominos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes, t.73o
per lb. -
Receipts of Produce. 1" T
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 7. ,"
Flour, qr sks.... 15,004 Hops, bales ...'. O
Wheat, ctls 108. 706 Wool bales ..... 60
Barley, ctls 5,635 Wine, gala 40,10ft
Cora, ctls 1.780 Leather, rolls ... 212
Rye_ ctls 550 Pelts, bdls 190
Hay. tons 270 Hides. No 860
Straw, tons ..... 18 Quicksilver, flsks 2
Bran, sks ...:... 430 Raisins, bxs 350
Middlings. • sks .. 200 Susrar. ctls 910
Onions, sks 1.041 Tallow, ctls 212
Potatoes.' ska 2,105 Chicory, bbls ... 18
Broom Corn, bdls t
! WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.SSS iFlaxseed. sks ... 250
Bran,;sks " 500 IWool. bales 253
'— ¦. *, . f m
THE STOCK MARKET.
The sugar stocks were firmer on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, Hutchinson
selling ' at J19 75 and Honokaa at J21 75@-Jl 50.
Gas & Electric was higher at J36 50@37. and
Spring Valley Water lower at J84@S3.
¦ In '. the afternoon Spring Valley Water waa
higher at $84'ttS4 75 and Gas & Electric lower
again ac J3S 87%@36 50. ¦ Oceanic sold at
J47 50. * '- ..' '. •¦•{.- •
Quotations for the oil stocks remained about
the same. . '.- ,
The Truckee River General Electric Company
has declared the usual monthly dividend of 10c
per share, payable on the 20th.
,The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 30c per share on the 10th.
Con. Cal. & Varglnla has declared a divi
dend of . ioc. VJfjSljBH - ¦ . • •
Continued on Page Thirteea»» .v-
Lemons are weakening again. under receipts
of five cars. Limes are steady and unchanged.
Oranges are firm, with light supplies. Four
cars sold at auction as follows : ' Fancy Navels.
$2 55; 'choice : do, Jl 75®2 10; Seedlings. Jl 50(3
1 65; Valenclas. J2 60@2 90. -,*^t£ft
, The market for i deciduous fruits remains
about the same). Apples. .Pears. Plums and
Peaches continue plentiful. Apricots are steady
High. prices still rule for Cherries. " X
¦ The. demand for Berries continues "gtxjd and
prices keep up better , than usual • at this tlm*
of the year. . ' . . . ¦"'??
.Indio -Watermelons sold at 60c (apiece and
Nutmeg/Melons fropa Yuma at jr 5*^2 50 per
crate. - . "' / ' • ' ¦ - 1 .
.-- Fontalnebleau Grapes, .the first of the season
came in - from Winters, selling at $4 per 20 ih
box. They were. much better than the usual
first arrival. - * . . „ Uiu
DECIDUOUS FRUITS. ', /
APPLES— New. 25@40c* per smair «.'n^ t:~«
Jl 25 per- large box. and 25&35c pTrbaJket
APRICOTS-25@60c per box, 50@85c^r crate
and 30@45c per basket.- i ¦• t f . . • *^ crale
CHERRIES— 40c@Jl > for dark and • 65c®si t™
Royal Anne; In buHc^ *S9c per.^^ lb for blackf
3@5c for red n and 6@9c for Royal Anne r£I
ceipts were 1017 boxes. ... • - ... ""=•, «e-
PLUMS— 25@50c,per box, 25@50c Der mt. ,-j
basket tat'CbuSSFJia 5©c®u
CHERRY 'PLUMS-^25®50c per" box '
b^EACHES-35®S5c;per box and 40@60c per
3ol#ba^ ellDe8 r ""^ r ¦¦*« "0 25®
* STRAWBERRIES-J8@12 per cheat for r^w,'
worths and J4@« for large Ther^eS;-- Reef let,
were 236 chests and 49 crates. The ' latt«^.£i*.
at $1 25 oer crate. . . * «*tter sold>
CT^°3 GAN BERR1ES-J4«g7 per chest and Jl per
p3Sale CBERRIES:r * 3@8 P * r Chttrt «« «0®75c
Jl^pTr^ra^'? 8 "' 6 ®^ 0 ; . PeP Chest ¦ .*»« »«
GOO6EBERRIES— 25©35c , per drawer »-^
2(g3c In bulk;' Oregon improved 3»3^ T . and
; . CURRANTS-J2 60@5 .per^chest
.. FIGS— From i Yuma, Jl 75®2 Der*V™t» * *
• CITRUS FRUITS-Vavel ¦ Oranges II 25*?» r
S"S.W!iS#-fflSW®/2SS'
Me *can -Limes., J4@5; Ban^ias. |i 50®I 50 ~r
pSp^^4°p^2o^' n « 2 <°^™^ T ;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. . 16c; . firsts, 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, 13c. . • . ¦ - ¦ : . . j - ¦
CHEESE— Fancy,' full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas. 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%o per lb.
EGG3— ... «<V?
California Ranch — Selected White. 16c; mixed
colors, 14c per'dozen. - . >
California ; Gathered— Selected, 13c ; - standard,
12c; seconds, lie
DAIRY. EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— ' . ¦ - " * " - • .
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery.' 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@l7c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%o
per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c: old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. • * •
; EGGS— Ranch. , 14%@17c for good to fancy;
store. 12%@14c per dozen. . /
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Decreasing receipts ' of Eggs and a firmer
market led the Dairy Exchange to advance its
prices, as will be seen. The open market ruled
firm at the advance already noted. Stocks are
gradually being; j reduced. . - , . *
Cheese shows no "change, being still in large
supply and quiet. ¦ . ¦ ¦ .,
The situation In Butter stands as before, the
market being heavily supplied and quiet,
though ' fancy creameries are ¦ showing some
what more tone.- ,
. Receipts were 4D.500 pounds* And 40 tubs of
Butter, 964 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 14.065 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The . market continues weak and dull; with
liberal supplies .of almost every description.*
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, J1®1 25;
Goslings, Jl@l 25; Duck*, J3 50@4 for old
and J4@5 for young; Hens. J3 5004 50: young
Roosters, J6 60® 7 60; old Roosters, J3 50@4; Fry
ers. $4@4 50: Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2
®2 50 for. small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and Jl 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— $1@1 25; Hare. Jl@l 25; Rabbits. Jl 23
©1 50 for Cottontail and 75c(gJl for Brush.'
Poultry and Game.
New Onions were firmer again, and new
Potatoes were steady. Old Oregons sold on
wharf at the quotations below. ;
. There was little variation in Vegetables.
POTATOES— Burbanks, : fl 40@l 60 for Ore
gon; Sweets, nominal; New Potatoes, Jl 25@
150 in sacks and Jl 20® 2 10 in boxes. •
ONIONS— Australians, Jobbing, at * J4@4 23:
New, Red, 35@60c"per sack; New Yellow, Jl@
1 15 per ctl. " ,
VEGETABLES^-Rhubarb, 25@S5c per box;
Asparagus, Jl 75 for large, .Jl 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1" and 50c@Jl for No. 2; Green Peas,
60c@Jl 25 per sack; String Beans, 2@4%c; Cab
bage, 80@75c per ctl ; ' Tomatoes,' from Los ! An
geles. 75c@$l 25; from Winters. $1@1 15; Dried
Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c p«r lb: Car
rots, 25@35c per sack;* Marysville Cucumbers,
Jl@l 25 per box; Winters, ; Bay, ; Gar
lic, 3@5c for new; Green Peppers, 10@25c per
lb; Egg Plant, 6@10c per lb; Green Corn.
75c@$l 75; Summer Squash, 50@T3c per box;
Bay do. Jl 2S@1 60. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions tinder this . head are dull
and . unchanged, except - Bayo Beans, which
are firm j and - In fair . demand.
BEANS— Bayos. J2'45@2 60; Small White. J4 80
©5; Large White. J4@4 20; Pink. Jl 40@l 70;
Red, J3@3 25; Blackeye. J3 1003 25; Limas. J6 23
@6 35: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. J4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. %2 5003: Canary. 3M9
,3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, *-'@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6i4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 60 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Firmness - still characterizes the Hay mar
ket, and receipts continue light. The medium
'grades of old are a shade higher. ¦
BRAN— J17018' per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 117@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled .Barley, J17©18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26; jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17@18; Corn Meal,
J27 50@2S; Cracked Corn,- J2S 50® 23; Mixed Feed.
J15@16. ¦ . - ¦ .
. HAY— New. . $6@9 50; old' is • quoted as fol
lows: - Volunteer, S5@8; .Wheat, Jll 50® 13 50;
Wheat and Oat, J10@12 50; Oat, • J9@ll 50; Clo
ver, - nominal; Alfalfa. JS@9 50; Barley, nom
inal per ton. : ¦- ¦
STRAW— 25@47%c per. bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California Family extras, J3 25®
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 13@3 25:
Oregon. S3 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
J2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', J2 73
@3. ; . ..'¦ ' •_; •
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, • usual discount, to the 'trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per . 100 , lbs ; Rye Flour. *J2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. J3; ex
tra cream do, J3 75; Oat Groats; $4 75; Hominy,
J3 75®4; Buckwheat Flour, J4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat, J3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole W^heat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 3307 85;
In sacks, J6@7 60; Pearl Barley. J5; Split Peas.
J5; Green Peas. J6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Session— December— <000 ctls, 70c.
. OATS— There is nothing . new to report.
White, Jl 42%@1 65; Surprise, Jl 50@l 65; Red,
Jl 35@1 45; Black. $1 22J%@1 32% per CtL . - ,
¦ CORN — Small round' Yellow. $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, Jl 32%@1 37% ; White, Jl 35@1 37% ; mixed.
J130. . ¦ &: • •-'•¦
RYE— 77%@82%O per ctl. I
I BUCKWHEAT—Is quoted at Jl 65 per ctl, eac
warehousc. . • •
: CALL BOARD SAJLES.
Informal Session — 9:15 'o'clock — No sales. J
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls. $1 02%.
' Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
J102%. » ¦-•¦¦ ... • • , .- • . •. . <
Afternoon Session — December ' — 8000 ctls.
$1 02%. ..•-¦-.-.¦. ,..¦". -.-'
¦ BARLEY- There was nothing new beyond a
decline in - futures. The demand ¦ was Insig
nificant. . Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 70@72%c for
on* grades ; Brewing and ¦ Shipping grades, 80
@85c; Chevalier, nominal.' '- ¦
CALL BOARD SALES. .
. Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—10,
000 ctls, 70%c. ¦ * • -¦;¦< ..
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls, "OUc;
20,000, 70%c. • '
Regular Morning Session — December— 8000
ctls, 70c. ,"._.'
er reports.' but afterward, fell back. There was
a better demand. for; July.;,* Argentine, ship
ments: for the week ' were 1,032,000 - bushels,
against 1,224,000 la»t year.; Kansas City wired
that there had- been no rain In Kansas since
the little - sprinkles . Monday., night, and that
numerous letters reporting damage and a con
tinual •**. decline in - the "condition of - the crop
were being received. Topeka wired clear cool
and- dry weather,' with the crop going bacK
ward 'every . day . from X fly . and « drought. . The
Kansas report gave the : condition of the crop
at 82. with' corn i 81- and' oats 60, quite a
drop. ; Frosts were ¦". predicted for Minnesota.
The Northwest reported severe frosts, enough
to retard .the crop two or three weeks. ' Snow
Issued an estimate giving the total crop at
785,000,000 bushels, and gave the June condition
of -winter wheat at 90.8 against 91.5 last year.
This Is the lowest ¦ June condition on record.
All this news set the shorts buying. ¦ 2,',,
*The local market was dull < and not materially
changed. ' . ; - --•' '.""¦-
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 87%®98%c; "• milling.
J102%@103%. ¦ •¦ .. . . ••¦:. '. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 CAfcL;- SATURDAY; JUNE 8, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
had been offset by Improvement In other States,
notably California,' and this with the estimated
crop of 785,000,000 bushels in the -.United States,
caused a change - of : feeling. : Those • who had
been frightened : into buying early became anx
ious sellers and a decline to 72%c resulted. Cov
ering, caused a rally to 73&@73%c. The close
was easy and %@%c lower at.73%c. :. _ . ¦-
* The corn market was dull but flijner on colder
weather. July closed steady. and %@%c higher
at 43%c. ¦ .."¦*. 1' -.-•*,¦.,
Cata were Btrong'on bullish crop reports, j July
closed firm and %c higher at 28%c. • - - '
Provisions were firm with a fair speculative
business - in | lard and ribs, but pork ¦ was neg
lected. July pork closed 2%c higher,' lard 2%o
higher. and ribB unchanged. v
¦ The leading futures ranged as follows: ,'.
, ..Articles— '••-:•¦. Open. High. Low. Close.
" Wheat No. i- -;¦ ,- ' -
June . ;72% -72% • 72% ¦ ; 7294
July • 73% \;7«6 . 72% . 73»4
September.......... 70% . 70% - 70% . -70%
Corn Na 2— ~ •
June .......;......„ 42% ¦ -42?4
July......}.....;.;. 431*4 44 43% ,43%
September \........ 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
July 27% ' 28H 27% 28%
September'......... 26*4 - 26%. 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July ...:...-. ..14 67%; 14 70 14 65- 14 65
September-.. ...... .14 80 14 82% 14 77% 14 80 .
' Lard, • per 100 pounds—^- •' -...•-.¦
July /.........*....... 8 37% 8 47% 8 37% . 8 37%
September :........ 8 40 8 50. 8 40 8 42%
October ............ 8 42% 8 47% 8 40 8 40
Short Ribs, per 10O pounds— •
July 7 95 \ 8 02% 7 90 -'.7 92%
September. .'.....:.. 7 97% 8 05 ¦ 7 92% . - 7.95 . .
Cash ¦ quotations* were - as - follows : ' Flour,
dull and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@72c; No.
2 red. 74@75c: No. 2 corn, 42%@43%c; , No. 2
- yellow, 42%@43%c ; No. 2 oats, 28%c ; - No. 2
white. 29%c; No. 3 white, 28%@29%c; good feed
ing barley, 45c; fair to choice malting, 50055c;
No. 1 flaxseed..$l 71; No. 1 Northwestern, »1 71;
prime timothy seed, $3 65; mess pork, per bar
rel; $14 65014 70: lard, per 100 pounds, $3 Z1WS)
8 40; short-rib sides (loose).. $7 85@8; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), »6 87%@7 12%; short clear
. sides (boxed),'. $S 20@8 30; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover; contract grade, $8 50. :
' Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 , ¦ -„ 15,000
Wheat, bushels 94,000 '77,000
Corn, bushels' .......392.000 ' 69,000
Oats, bushels 331.000 201,000
Rye. bushels 3,000 • ; 1,000
Barley, bushels 14.000 7.000
On' the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15@19c; dairy, 11®
16c: Cheese. . quiet, 8%@10>£c. Eggs, easy ;
fresh. U\ic . .-.-. , . ¦ '
" Foreign Futures.
- - . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . : * ' July. '<¦ ' ' ¦ Sept.
Opening .'.. .5 10% ; 6 9%
Closing 5 10% .5 9%
PARIS.-.
¦Wheat — . June. Sept. -Dec
Opening .':.'. .'..;.-. ....19 95 20 60 .
Closing .1980 2045
¦ Flour — ¦ •--¦-. :
Opening J...... ......... 24 70 26 15 V .'
Closing ......:.. 24-70 26 15
California Fruit Sales:
CHICAGO. June 7.— Porter Bros. Company's
eales of California fruit: Cherries— Tartarians,
C0c@$l 80; Royal Anne^ 9Qc@$2 15; assorted.
Jl 45@1 70; Blgarreau, $1 15® 1 65; Rockports,
fl 20@l «3; Oxhearts, $1 45: Centennials, $145.
Apricots— Royals, Jl 20@l 60. ] Peaches—Alexan
ders, $1@1 10 crates, 60c@$l 15 boxes; Governor"
Garland, 90@95c." Plums— Clymans, 65c boxes,
$1 05@l 35 crates: Japan. $1 60@l 65; St. Cath
erines, $1 10. Prunes — Tragedy, . $2 20(J|2 So.
The Earl Fruit Comsany auctioned Califor
nia fruit to-day, and the following prices were
realized: Apricots— Royals, single crates, $1 45
@1 80, average . $1 60. Peaches— Alexander,
boxes, ' 85c@$l 10, average 99c; Brigg"s Early
May, boxes, 9Oc@$l 15, average 92c. Plums —
Clymans, stnele crates, $1@1 40, average $1 24.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, J2 55@3 05, - av
erage $2 88. Three cars sold to-day. Weather
warrr:., * .
NEW YORK. June 7.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Cherries —
Tartarians, 65c«3$2 50; Republicans, $1 SO(S>1 95;
Rockports,. 8oc@$l 35; Bicarreau, 80c@$l 55;
Cleveland, 55@30c; Governor Wood, S0@90c;
Royal Anne, Jl 15@2 20. Apricots— Royals, $1 03
01 5*5; Newcastle, $1 15@1 25; Blenheim. 95c@
$1 65. Peaches— Alexanders, {1 10@l 55 half
boxes. Plums — Clyman, $1 10@2 55. Prunes —
Tragedy, 14 16. Five cars fruit sold.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit at auction to-day, and the following
prices were realized:' Apricots— Royals, single
crate, • SI 30@l 75. average $1 47. Peaches— »
Alexanders, boxes, $14t 1 55. ' average $1 23.
Plums — Clymans, single crates. $1 45@1 60,
average $1 57. Prunes— Tragedys, single crates,
average $3 25. Cherries-^Binjr, boxes, Jl 93®
2 35, average $2 19; Royal Annes, boxes. Jl 75
@2 20, average $1 89. Five cars sold to-day.
Favorable weather. "~ ' .
DOSTON, June 7. — The Earl Frtilt Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
as follows: . Cherries— Royal Annes, boxes, Jl 10
pi 95. average Jl 56; Black Tartarians, boxes,
Jl@2 10, average SI 59. Two cars sold to-day.
Favorable weather. '
Nezu York Metal Market.
10
STATIONS. 3 £3|3<=. Jo ? S
• : g : 3 g,a s : ?
Attorla 30.26 56 4* NW Pt.CIdy .44
Baker _. 30.CS SS 40 N Cloudy 0
("arson 28.92 72 £2 SW Pt.CIdy 0
Eureka 30.22 54 46 NW Clear 0
Fresno 29.88 92 58 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.0« T« 40 SW Clear 0
Pocatello. Id S9.78 74 48 W Cloudy 0
Independence 29.66 86 66 AV Clear 0
I-kds Angeles 29.96 T4 66 TV Clear 0
Phoenix 2».78 98 66 NW Cloudy 0
Portland 30.20 SS 46 NW Pt.CIdy 0
Red Bluff.... 29.92 S2 60 XE Clear 0
Roseburg 30.14 62 46 NW Pt.CIdy 0
Sacramento 23.94 80 E» SW Pt.CIdy 0
Salt Lake 29.76 K 66 SE Pt.CIdy Tr
San Francisco 30.04 62 48 W Pt.CIdy 0
San Luis Obtspo.. 30.00 76 48 TV Clear 0
San Diego... 29.98 6t> 62 SYT Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.20 60 44 S Cloudy .02
Spokane : 30.06 76 42 SW Pt.CIdy 0
•Ceah Bay 30.24 54 44 W Cloudy .3?
Walla Walla 30.12 64 46 SW Clear • 0
Winnemucca 29.78 74 52 NW Cloudy 0
Turaa 28.74 100 66 S Clear 0
STATIONS. 3 £3|3<=. Jo ? S
• : g : 3 g,a s : ?
Attorla 30.26 56 4* NW Pt.CIdy .44
Baker _. 30.CS SS 40 N Cloudy 0
("arson 28.92 72 £2 SW Pt.CIdy 0
Eureka 30.22 54 46 NW Clear 0
Fresno 29.88 92 58 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.0« T« 40 SW Clear 0
Pocatello. Id S9.78 74 48 W Cloudy 0
Independence 29.66 86 66 AV Clear 0
I-kds Angeles 29.96 T4 66 TV Clear 0
Phoenix 2».78 98 66 NW Cloudy 0
Portland 30.20 SS 46 NW Pt.CIdy 0
Red Bluff.... 29.92 S2 60 XE Clear 0
Roseburg 30.14 62 46 NW Pt.CIdy 0
Sacramento 23.94 80 E» SW Pt.CIdy 0
Salt Lake 29.76 K 66 SE Pt.CIdy Tr
San Francisco 30.04 62 48 W Pt.CIdy 0
San Luis Obtspo.. 30.00 76 48 TV Clear 0
San Diego... 29.98 6t> 62 SYT Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.20 60 44 S Cloudy .02
Spokane : 30.06 76 42 SW Pt.CIdy 0
•Ceah Bay 30.24 54 44 W Cloudy .3?
Walla Walla 30.12 64 46 SW Clear • 0
Winnemucca 29.78 74 52 NW Cloudy 0
Turaa 28.74 100 66 S Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
•fei ' £* fe
OF
40 Head of Young Blocky
Work Horses,
MATCHED SPANS. . BLACKS. BAY3 AND
BROWNS. ' from the ranch of J. "W. Churchill
Esq.. Yreka, Slskiyou County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market st.OAKLAND, June 7.— The marriage
of Miss LKIian Estelle Gemmell
and Oscar I. Runnels was sol
emnized this evening at the home
of the bride's sister, Mrs. Louis
A. Mitchell, at 542 Knox place. - -^
The bride is the youngest child of the
late Alexander Gemmell, a well-known
Oakland merchant. She is a graduate of
the Oakland High School. The groom is
a young business man of this city, hav
ing: been manager of the Shasta Water
Company for Alameda County for several
years. Mr. Runnels is a graduate of
Princeton College.
The decorations at the Mitchell home
were very artistic, pink carnations and
MISS LILLIAN E. GEMMELL, THE OAKLAND BELLE, WHO TESTER
DAY BECAME THE BRIDE OF OSCAR L. RUNNELS, A POPULAR
YOUNG BUSINESS MAN.
In spite of the freight charges of Q to
22% shillings per ton, American coal . can
be delivered at Marseilles for about the
same price as English, or even a llttld
less.'-.^g|fSsslfcgl>^
COOK. STABS A •WAITER.-^Charles Bush,
a cook, subbed: a waiter named A. Heldt In
the thigh yesterday in the restaurant at 213
Third street. Heldt was taken to the Receiv
ing: . Hospital and Bush wax arrested and
charged with assault to commit murder.
. INJURED BY A FALL— David Hanlon, of
355 Harriet street,- an employe of the Western
Sugar Refinery, fell down the hold of ths
steamer f Sonoma yesterday. ¦ Several - ribs
were ' broken and ho was Internally Injured.
He - was ; removed to tne Receiving Hospital
and may die., -. ', -. ri
B CHINESE SERVANT I INJURED.— Christian
"Wing,- employed as a sextant, fell from a win
dow at 3001 Jackson * street yesterday and re
ceived fractures, of -the wrist and ribs, and a
possible fracture or the skull. He was taken
to the Receiving HosDital.
.CARPENTER FALLS FROM STAGINO-
Chrtstian Miller, while at work on a build
ing - on San | Bruno avenue, ! fell from a stag
ing and received severe internal Injuries. Ue
resides , at 41« , Broadway:
LOCAL BREVITIES.
OAKLAND. June 7.— A horse driven by-
Milton Levy, a peddler, became unman
ageable yesterday on the Fish Ranch road
and, plunged off the grade Into a gulch.
Levy was found unconscious' and taken to
the Fablola Hospital, where h* recovered.
He was only slightly bruised and stunned.
The horse was killed. ' ¦
Plunged Into a Gulch.
PHILADELPHIA; June , 7.— Bishop Wil
liam- t Rufus i Nicholson :¦ of ." the r Reformed
Episcopal* Church died .at- his . home & in
this city, to-night, aged . 79 years.
u SANTA' CRUZ, > June 7.— Benjamin |g C.
Nichols died "here this' evening. He came
to this ; county in 1854 and served several
terms as Justice ¦ of the • Peace at Aptos.
He was a native of : New York and -71
years old. • . ' .,
Bishop William" B; ; Nicholson.
Benjamin C. . Nichols.
VANCOUVER. Wash. , . June 7.— Major.
Lewis S. Tesson, medical director of the
Department of the Columbia and post sur
geon I at Vancouver Barracks, died to-day
from apoplexy. He had been ¦ sick about
one month. ¦ a The remains ' will ¦ probably
be taken to St. ' Louis, his former home,
for burial. Deceased was 59 ¦ years old-
He was- born in Missouri and, joined the
medical department of the United States
army j twenty-six ¦ years ! ago in St. Louis.
He had served at. all i the Important army
posts. in the United .States.
Major Lewis S.; Tesson.
DENVER, June 7.— The Stats Board, of
Pardons to-night commuted to eighteen
years the life sentence of E. O'Kelly, the
man who killed Bob Ford, the slayer of
Jesse James. -The killing occurred at
Creede, Colo., and O'Kelly was sentenced
on July 12, 1892. so ; that with allowance
for good behavior he has but about four
years to serve. ¦ - ¦ ;
Commutation for Ford's Slayer.
OAKLAND, June 7.— The boss butchers
of Oakland and Berkeley have organized
by electing Thomas Hann president; M.
M. Shlck. vice-president; George Rotha
mel. secretary; H. W. Garner, financial
secretary and treasurer. An effort will be
made to induce the Alameda retail butch
ers to join the organization."-
Retail Butchers Organize.
OAKLAND, June 7.— The Rev. Charles
Ferguson, author of "The Religion of
Democracy," will deliver an address Sun
day morning at the First Unitarian
Church, his subject to be the topic of his
book, which has attracted wide attention.
The author possesses attractive oratorical
power. The services will commence at 11
o'clock. . .
Author-Preacher to Discourse.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Dr. George F.
"Whitworth of Berkeley testified in th©
Brandes murder trial to-day that th©
autopsy on- the body of Lillian Brandes
revealed the fact that her death was th©
result of blows on the head instead of by
strangulation or poison, as claimed by
Brandes. The testimony -was practically
the same as that given at the first trial,
except that the doctor illustrated his
statements with life-size photographs.
Testimony in Brandes Case.
HAYWARDS, June 7.— Homer Fish. 9
years old, the son of Edwin Fish, waa
crushed by the wheels of a heavy rock
wagon passing over his chest this after
noon. The boy was playing on the team,
which was a "trailer" behind another
loaded wagon. The accident was unob-'
served, the Injured boy lying for a couple
of hours In the road before he waa found
and taken home. Dr. Browning attended
the lad, whose chances for recovery are
fair. '
Heavy Wagon Crushes Boy.
Engineer Accidentally Shot.
OAKLAND, June 7.— While cleaning a
pistol to-night, George Gardiner, an en
gineer, employed by Hobbs, Wall & Co.,
San Francisco, accidentally discharged the
weapon.' The bullet shattered several
bones In passing directly through his left
hand. ' .' '• , -. ¦ . ' ¦ ' . ¦:
Haywards School . Election.
HATWARDS, June j.— The .most ex
citing school district election ever; held
here was ended Friday with the casting
of 352 votes, as follows: For 'trustees—
John Obermuller, 209; Dr. A." J. Dean, 207;
M C. Petersen, ; 144; E. K. Strawbrldge,
143.-. : -A ' ¦ :: " ¦r'-- ' " ,:" :.\ ¦ - ¦ • -
• OAKLAND, June 7.— Roy Gillam, son of
John Gillam of East Oakland, and Miss
Alice F. Ward, daughter of William W.
Ward of the United States transport ser
vice, were married May 8 by the Rev.
Ernest E. Baker. Th© wedding was not
announced until to-day, the young couple
intending to keep It a secret even from
Mr3. Glllam's relatives until after her de
parture next month for Guam, where her
husband has gone on a surveying expedi
tion for the Government The young
groom left on a transport the day follow
ing the wedding.
"Were Wedded Secretly.
OFFICIALS HAVE BATTLE
WITH JOHN NYSTROM, AN
INSANE MACHINIST.
cation to-night held Its annual election
of ' teachers in j the School Department.
The following teachers were dropped:
High School— Eugene". Pitcher, instructor In
Latin- grammar grades— T. D. Conger. Mary
E. Manson, Mrs. J. Clement, Hannah C. Stew-
Appolntments— High School. A. H. Cogswell,
vice Pitcher; Arthur M. Ellis. Instructor in h!»
tory, Tice Roswell S. Wheeler; "W. B. Greeley.
assistant in history; ' grammar and primary
grades— Lillian M. Durkee. Elizabeth McMil
lan, Susan L. Dyer, Agnes Frisiua, Mollle
Stark. Elizabeth Lorentzen. Elsma M. Guthrte.
Ella M. Shaw, Ada E. Conrad. Queen Montgom
ery. Blanche Blacow. All of the principals
were re-elected.
CHANGES IN ALAMEDA
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
Board of Education Makes Its Annual
Revision of the Force of
Teachers.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— The Board of Edu-
COLUMBIA, S. C, June 7.— Friends of
William J. Bryan are deeply concerned"
about a declaration made by Senator Mc-
Laurin in a speech .at Newberry that
Bryan would not vote for Crisp of Georgia
for Speaker when he (Bryan) was a mem
ber of the House of Representatives, be
cause Crisp had been a Confederate gen
eral. Telegrams were pent to Bryan to
day telling him of the charge and asking
for ah explanation. • His friends -fear he
will not be able to deny.it. McLaurin had
a rtcordi showing Bryan's vote, and he
quoted from an interview with Henry
Watterson, who declared that Bryan had
admitted he could not vote for Crisp be
cause Nebraskans would turn him down
if he did. McLaurin's charges of Bryan
being a Populist and Socialist have fallen
on deaf ears, but this has caused agita
tion. - . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 7.— W. S. Stratton, a
wealthy mine owner of Colorado, has
come to the rescue of the widow, of the
late Senator H. A. W. Tabor. Mrs. Tabor
has exhausted every plan to regain pos
session of the , Matchless mine, which
made Tabor many times a millionaire.
She is living almost in poverty. Now the
claims against the mine have been set
tled, by an attorney who is said to repre
sent Stratton, and the mine will be oper
ated for the benefit of Mrs. Tabor.
Nebraskan Wouldn't Vote for
.. Crisp Because He Had •
• Been a Confederate.
M'LAURIN MAKES
TROUBLE FOR BRYAN
GOES TO RESCUE
OF TABOR'S WIDOW
_?
Weali&iy Coloradan Helps Her
to Regain the Match
" less Mine.
OAKLAND, June 7.— After a pur
suit of several miles through the
Piedmont hills this morning, Dep
uty Sheriff Charles Hitchcock cap
tured an Insane man who had
for several hours terrorized the residents
of that locality. The maniac was John
Nystrom, a machinist who three weeks
ago went out on the strike at the Union
Iron Works. Before he was finally land
ed in the detention, ward of the Receiving
Hospital Nystrom overturned a buggy
with himself and Hitchcock and fought
every Inch of the way. The attendants
at the hospital had an. equally. hard: time
and Nystrom was- only quieted after a
desperate struggle.
The unfortunate man fled early this
morning half naked from the residence
of John Hendrlcksen, where he had been
stopping since the strike. Nystrom. car
ried a blanket on his arm, and ran howl
ing and yelling through the hills, kicking
and beating upon* doors and windows,
awakening the occupants and spreading
alarm over the country. Hitchcock got
on his trail and started in pursuit on
horseback. Nystrom outstripped his
pursuer by crossing lots and back yards
until he reached Perry street,- south of
Linda Vista 'Terrace. There "William
Wehr, a newspaper carrier, joined in the
chase and Nystrom was captured and
overpowered. He gave the men a fight
as they placed him in Wehr's team, and
thj buggy was overturned. In the mix
up Nystrom escaped, but was soon re
captured. Hlchcock and his prisoner then.
smarted for town. By the time the hos
pltal was reached the big deputy sheriff
was nearly exhausted from-his struggles
with his violent companion. Warden Page
and. Steward Borchert. took charge of the
patient, but had hardly placed him in
ward before he made a leap at Page's
throat. The attendants had a hard strug
gle to overpower him. There was no rest
at the hospital ¦ until Nystrom had been
put under the restraint of heavy leather
straps and muffs. Nystrom. according to
Hendricksen, had been acting strangely
for' several days. He aroused his host
by his yells this morning and th'en rushe 1
from bed and out of the house before
Hercdricksen had an opportunity to °-lva
chase. . . .
Nystrom. the authorities believe. Is the
man who has been frightening women pe
destrians at Piedmont recently. He was
committed to the State hospital at Stock
ton. ,
Addiction to Tobacco.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Charles TV. Kohl
was to-day awarded a decree of divorce
from Florence F. Kohl In a suit accusing
his wife, who had a suit for maintenance
pending, of extreme cruelty exhibited in
abusive language and excessive cigarette
smoking.
Mrs. Kohl was allowed alimony amount
ing to 115 a month.
Kohl laid the blame for the maritai un
happiness of the pair to his wife's use of
cigarettes. He said that he had tried to
induce her to abandon the habit, but that
she had clung to it in spite of the quar
rels it provoked and to the ruin of her
health.
Judge Hall In his decision said he re
gretted that he was compelled to give the
husband a decree, as both sides were
blameworthy. Kchl had controlled his
temper better than his wife, according to
the court.
BLAMED RUIN OP HIS
HOME TO CIGARETTES
Divorce Granted to Charles W. Kohl,
Who Objected to His Wife's
Swiss Fear the Watch Trust.
LONDON, June 8.— A* general boycott
of American goods will be , started in
Switzerland, says the correspondent of
the Daily Mail, if the threatened watch
trust Is formed. •
Conger Carries Madison County.
DES MOINES, Iowa, June 7.— The Re
publican primaries in Madison County re
sulted In a victory for Minister to China
E. H.. Conger over A. B. Cummins. This
is the first county carried by Conger.
War Department Announces the
Places Where Heavy Ordnance
Will Be Placed.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— An order has
been. issued by the War Department cre
ating districts for the coast artillery and
assigning commanders. Each district con
sists of a certain number of forts and Is
designated by the principal city which
those forts surround or to which they are
In proximity.* . •' • •
Among the districts are the following:
San Diego — Fort- Rosecrans: Major W. E.
Hodges. San Francisco— Forts In San
Francisco harbor; Colonel J. B. Rawles.
District, of Puget Sound— Forts Casey,
Flagler and Worden; Captain J. B. C.
Hoskins. District, of Columbia — Forts
Stevens, Columbia and Canby; Major H.
C. Humphreys. District of Honolulu-
Captain S. Davis. ¦, \
Smallpox Stamped Out.
STOCKTON, June 7.— Drs. Ruggles and
Winslow Anderson of the State Board of
Health on Thursday inspected the Deaf
and Dumb Institution in Berkeley. The'r
report shows they found there have been
sixty-nine cases of ; variola and varloloid
In the Institution since the epidemic broke
out on May 6. On .Thursday there were
in quarantine sixty-two cases, the last of
which suffered the disease sixteen days
ago. Two of the women attendants and
one inmate escaped during the quaran
tine. In ether respects the disease has
been skillfully . managed, and . both Dr.
Hamlin, the regular physician, and Health
Officer Roweir are commended for their
faithful attention. The visiting physi
cians consider the disease stamped cut;
and with fumigation and burning of per
sonal effects of patients all danger will
be over. _l__-_i^_r_
Two Millions in the Company.
BEAUMONT, Texas, June 7.— The Ex
port Oil and Pipe Line Company, of which
Former Senator C. A. Towne will be man
ager, will have a capitalization of $2,000,
000. Governor Benton McMillan of Tennes
see will be a director. The company holds
land near Beaumont- and Sour Lake,
Texas, and In Calcasiu Parish.
sidered a Failure.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The Commercial
Advertiser says: The postponement of
the conference of Western railroad presi
dents in this city from June 5 to Septem
ber 5 has been Interpreted in some parts
of the West to mean that the policy 6t
co-operation and harmony outlined by the
Western railroad managers has proved a
failure. ; '-'. .. '
This belief is true In a measure. "Under
existing conditions It was found impossi
ble to secure* a. complete. concert in*action
in rate matters. ' Important changes of
railroad ownership are now "In various
stages of negotiation, and- until the exact
status of each Western road Is fixed, it
is deemed Inexpedient to hold any more
presidents' meetings.
. . ?— . ' ¦ '
IJEW FORTS DESIGNATED.;
FOR COAST ARTILLERY
Policy of Co-operation of the West
ern Railroad Managers Con-
QUESTION OF BATES
DISTURBS THE HABMONY
Emperor William Directs That the
Field Marshal Be Received ,
With Great Etelat.
BERLIN, June 7.— Emperor William; it
it understood, has given, orders that
Count von "Waldersee shall be received on
his return' from China with unusual cere
mony. The military and naval attaches
of the various embassies and legations,
including Hhe American, Intend to Join
officially in the^ reception if their gov
ernments authorize them to do so.
Countess von Waldersee has received a
telegram from her husband telling her to
expect him about the end of July. This
indicates his Intention to return by the
shortest route. Other dispatches say that
he wishes to drink the waters of Hom
burg before arriving home.
BERLIN, June 7.— It Is semi-offlcially
announced that It has been decided that
the .selection of Count von. Waldersee's
successor as commander of the i Interna
tional forces shall be left to the com
manders of the International forces in
China. ' ' '
GERMANS WILL HONOR
COUNT VON . WALDERSEE
J. C. Davis, employed at the California
Car "Works," at Second and Townsend
streets, as night watchman, was 3hot at
twice last night by parties unknown. The
first shot did no harm, but the second
shattered the lantern he held In his hand.
Davis then emptied his revolver In the
direction from which the shots came. Be
ing In the dark his aim was uncertain,
and &s & result he missed the miscreants.
Davis tells a straight story of the oc
currence. He said last night:
"The shooting occurred about 9:30. I
was making my rounds and I was near
the King-street entrance to the works
when suddenly I heard a shot. It sounded
pretty close and I Jumped to one ktde, at
the same tlmo pulling my revolver from
my pocket. Hardly had I succeeded in
setting my revolver out when a second
shot was fired, and the lantern I held in
my hand was struck by the bullet. It
was shattered to atoms and, of course, I
was left In the dark.
"There Is a big hole under the gate on
Kins street, and I suspected that who
ever did .the phcotlng fired through the
aperture. I located It as well as I could
In the darkness and fired six shots In
that direction. I don't think- 1 hit. any
one. I procured another lantern and
searched all about the premises, but could
find no trace of the scoundrel except that
the dust near the gate had the appear
ance of being disturbed."
Had Davis been holding the lantern
near his person he would have received
the bullet, as It went clean through the
oil can. ¦' - "
Guard at the California Car
Works Exchanges Volleys
With Miscreants.
Carried by Vigilant
Bullets Shatter Lantern
Employe.
SHOTS FIRED
AT WATCHMAN
VIENNA, June 7.— Count GoluchowskI
tho Austro-Hungarlan Minister of For
eign Affairs, informed an Austrian depu
tation to-day that the. Government couM
not entertain a suggestion of mediation
between Great Britain and the Boers be
cause "no serious Government would care
to undertake mediation after the British
Government declared that it would not
accept mediation and that' an offer to me
diate would be regarded by Great Britain
as an unfriendly act."
LONDON. June 7.— Mr. Brodrlck, the
War Secretary, replying to a question in
the House of Commons to-day regarding
the probability of an early, conclusion of
peace in South . Africa, reaffirmed ho
would not consent to discuss the future
independence of the conquered states with
the Boers. . , ...
DURBAN, Natal, June 7.— It is reported
here that General Kitchener and Com
mandant General Botha are conferring at
Standerton. The meeting is said to have
been arranged at the : suggestion of the
Boer commander, whose recent losses
have Inclined him more favorably in the
direction of peace. ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
British War Secretary Re
fuses to Discuss Future
of Conquered States.
Kitchener and Botha
Are Conferring at
I Standertoh.
LOSSES CAUSE
TALK OF PEACE
tion covers all meat cutters, slaughterer",
teamsters "and all other men employed' in
the butchering trade. > ' . . . •
General Organizer Pierce of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor said . to-night
that the butchers' union of San Francisco
would support any action taken In Oak
land, and that a strike would undoubtedly
be called across the bay. unless the whole
salers' demands were withdrawn. / The
employes assert that the wholesalers have
threatened to stop the sale of meat to all
retailers . who . refuse . to pull ¦ . down ; "-, the
union cards. ¦ 'J*gto@&B8l8mtm®$M
PARIS, June 7. — A duel with swords
within the Pare des Princes occurred this
morning between Max Regis, the anti-
Semite Mayor of Algiers, and an Algerian
journalist named Laboidesque: After
nineteen rounds, lasting two hours and a
half, with no result, the encounter waa
adjourned until to-morrow.
Regis challenged Laboidesque in conse
quence of an article which the latter wrote
in La Petite Republique. There was a
second duel, simultaneously, in another
part of the park between, a writer./ on
Temps and another newspaper man. It
resulted In the former being slightly
wounded" in the thigh by a pistol shot.
TWO DTTEXS IN WHICH \
JOURNALISTS FIGURE
Burnett Grammar School.
The graduating exercises of the gram
mar pupils of the Burnett School were
held Thursday efternoon at Rubold Hall.
South San Francisco. There was a large
attendance and the following programme
was rendered:
Class eonc. "Fairies' Dance": recitation,
"How He Saved St. Michael's," E. Hyde; dia
logue, "Mrs. Willis' Will"; class eong, "Even
ing Sonjr"; violin solo. Rose Manning; vocal
polo. "Where the Four-Leaved Clover Grows,"
Kubie Davis; class eong, "Wandering" ;• reci
tation. "Order for a Picture." Ruble Davis;
dialogue, -"The Sweet Family"; class song;
"Old Flas Forever."
Den man medals were awarded to Jean
nette Lafourguette. Maude Spenker and
Gertie Ommert. The four pupils who re
ceived honorary distinction were Emma
Krahn. Ethel Hyde, Marie Cabanot and
Ruble Davis. The following received
diplomas from the grammar grade: Rose
Manning, Annie Lagiave, Leona Aijheus,
Pierre Salles, Elmer Leary, George Fitch
en and Edna Stuxnme.
General Grant said that the friars were
much hated and were very corrupt. The
Philippine' Commission, he said, desired
to treat the friars the same as any other
persons, with no more consideration, and
with no less. ¦ • : » ¦
Aguinaldo was not as much of a capture in
the Philippines as he seems to have been here.
To tell UTe truth he had lost about all his in
fluence. We do not treat him as if we con
sidered him of some importance. We cannot
kill him, of course, but we want to make him
feel that he stands on the same footing with
any other Filipino. - If we should fine him $10
and send him to Jail for thirty days and set
him to breaking rocka it would be better for
him and for ourselves. If, when he comes over
here, we treat him with contempt, he will be
treated with contempt by the natives when he
g-oes home. But if over there they pet the idea
that we have a high idea of Agrulnaldo's im
portance when he gets back he will have a fol
lowing which may make us trouble.
NEW YORK, June 7.— General Fred
erick D. Grant was given a reception to
night by the U. S. Grant Post, G. A. R.
In a brief address General Grant said:
Filipino Chief.
General Grant Talks of the Captured
AGUINAXBO'S LOST INFLUENCE.
"The wholesalers are a unit on this
proposition. We do not know what the
unions will do In the premises, or wheth
er they will make any move at all.- Of
course, the withdrawal of the union card
leaves the proprietor free to accept the
union scale, just as Becker in this city
has done and as many other butchers
might do.
"So the unions may or may not take ac
tion. All I can say is that we are pre
pared to back our request concerning the
cards. I apprehend that a majority of
the retailers will send back the cards as
soon as they hear from the wholesalers."
The Journeymen Butcners* Union • to
night took action on the wholesalers' de
mands by declaring a strike at noon to
morrow in all shops where the union card
is not displayed and the union agreement
on hours has not been • signed. -The
butchers' union claims that.it has-been
forced to this action by the demands from
the wholesale butchers that the cards be
pulled down. There are eight shops out
of 220 that have not signed the agreement
and a number "have already withdrawn
the union card. The ' union meeting-to
night was attended by 300 members, and
the vote to strike unless the union condi
tions are met was unanimous. This ac-
"There has already been considerable
attention given to our request," said Irv
ing C. Lewis of Grayson, Owen & Co.,
the wholesale butchers, to-night. "We
have made no threats nor have we at
tempted any intimidation. After the
wholesalers learned of certain threats
which the Journeymen's union. had made,
and had ascertained thai retailers were
being stood up too hard by the union, we
simply decided that we would formulate
our recommendation that the official
recognition of the union by the display
of the card be dispensed with, and that
our customers might know the sentiment
existing we sent each one of them a polite
note to cover the situation.
The requests from the wholesalers have
been circulated very quietly. In fact
there has been no desire on the part of
any of the interested wholesale or retail
dealers to make any unnecessary ado
about the matter. The wholesalers ex
pect a practically unanimous recognition
of their request. They claim that there
wlll.be that result as soon as the entire
retail trade ha3 been notified concerning
the attitude of the supply houses.
The action of the wholesalers was
taken at a conference In San Francisco
three days ago. They voted unanimously
to send out this request, as it is diplo
matically termed by the officials of the
wholesale organization. The recommen
dation was embodied in the form of a per
sonal letter from each wholesale house
on both sides of the bay to each of its
customers where the union shop card had
been displayed. The retailers were re
quested to dispense with the cards, which
signified an official recognition of the
Journeymen Butchers* Union. That union
recently enforced a new schedule of
hours and of wages, which has been
adopted by the butcher shops In Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley with hardly a sin
gle exception.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, June 7.
The wholesale butchers . have recom
mende.d.to every retail deaier in meat in
Alarneda County that they shall dispense
with the union card which has been dis
played since the recent schedule* of the
Journeymen Butchers' Union was en
forced. The wholesalers' organization has
not accompanied its request with any
threats of discontinuance of trade rela
tions with the retailer who fails to "ac
cede, but they feel confident that the re
quest will be heeded in every instance.
The Wholesale Butchers
Send Polite Request
to Retailers.
WANT UNION'S
GARD REMOVED
The wedding was a very simple affair,
the bride and groom being unattended
The Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, officiated.
The bride wore an elegant gown of sap
phire-blue and white foulard, richly
trimmed with heavy cream applique lace.
She carried a bouquet of bride's roses.
roses being combined effectively with
graceful vines and palms.
Warburton's plea was self-defense, he
claiming that Reilly had threatened his
life and that he shot simply to save him
self.
SAN RAFAEL, June 7.— W. F. Warbur
ton will have to serve a term in the peni
tentiary for the killing of Matthew Reilly
In this city last January. The case went
to the Jury at 6 o'clock this evening. An
hour and a half later the twelve men filed
Into the courtroom and announced that
they had arrived at a verdict. It was
that the defendant was guilty of murder
In the second degree. Sentence will be
pronounced upon the prisoner on Monday.
Warburton received the announcement
of the jury foreman with a . sneer.
Throughout the trial his bearing has beon
cool and contemptuous. Apparently he
was but little affected by the outcome of
the trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Jury Finds Him Guilty
of Second-Degree
Murder.
TERM IN PRISON
FOR WARBURTON
Mr. and Mrs. Runnels will take a hon
eymoon trip and on- their return will be
given a reception by Mr. and Mrs.
Mitchell.
and only relatives being present. After
the ceremony the bridal party and guests
were driven to the Hote 1 Metropole,
where an elaborate supper was served,
the decorations there being also in pink
and green. - . ... ..
United States Attorney Wood-worth
to Prosecute Union Iron Works.
Owing to the recent decision of United
State District Judge de Haven sustaining
the demurrer of the Union Iron Works
in the suit brought by Labor Secretary
Edward Rosenberg to recover $1000 pen
aHy for importing a coppersmith from
Sweden, United States Attorney Wood
v«,rth. with the sanction of the labor or
ganizations, has consented to the dls
miFfcal of that and seven other similar
suits against the Union Iron Works. The
dismissal was ordered yesterday "without
prejudice," and Mr. Woodworth will file
tight new suits against the Union Iron
\Yorks, naming the same coppersmiths
from Sweden and Scotland as the artisans
in'pcrted In violation, as alleged, of the
a'itn contract law. The new suits will be
brought In the name of, and on behalf of,
the United States, and the penalty of $1000
in each case will be demanded to be paid
into the treasury of tne United States. "
The original suits were brought on be
hslf of Secretary Rosenberg and the com-
I-Ia'nts asked that the penalties should be
j'cid to him. It was for that reason that
Judge de Haven sustained the demurrer.
h* holding that while the law provided
that any person might bring suit in such
cases, such suits should be on behalf of
the United States and all penalties should
be paid into the treasury of the United
States.
NEW SUITS TO BE FILED.
Appeals for financial assistance for
strikers are to be made through the me
dium of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil to every union In the State at the State
Federation of Labor, which will meet on
the first Sunday in July, and to all unions
affiliated, with the American Federation of
J-sbor. which has jurisdiction throughout
the United States. Seme opposition
against tl'is proposition was manifested
last night at the regular meeting of the
£an Francisco Labor Council, but when
Secretary Rosenberg explained the needs
of the strikers the resolution was finally
«.-;; Tried.
"San Francisco and Cincinnati are the
rrcat strike centers of the country,'' said
Rosenberg:. "We have not got
« nough from the voluntary assessment of
.i cents per capita levied a few weeks ago
to .Kupfwrt or Icei the 4000 men now out
<>n strike in the various branches of the
industries affected. A crisis is being
reached and we must be in position to
support trade unionism or our labor of
\vars will fail."
Delegates from the Iron Trades Council
stiso made a similar appeal, and after a
somewhat acrimonious debate It was de
rided to send out a request for prompt re
mittances of funds. It is estimated that
at least $10,<X)0 a week will be required to
keep those now en strike from suffering
the pangs of hurger.
A delegate from the Journeymen Butch
ers' Union reported that there was likely
Jo be trouble on Monday in the slaughter
houses on account of an alleged infrac
tion of rules regarding overtime In ac
cordance with the schedule adopted a few
days ago.
A meeting of French tanners employed
In South San Francisco will be held to
night at Maer.nerbund Hall to discuss the
dismissal of twelve union men.
The Internationa! Brotherhood of Sta
tionary Engine Firemen has been organ
ized by T. Westoby. and will meet
Thursday night at 1159 Mission street to
elect officers.
The Iron Trades Council has appointed
a r-ommittee of twenty-five to visit all
unions and solicit financial assistance for
the striking ironworkers.
The suit of M. Johnson, president of the
Restaurant Keepers' Association, against
the I^abor Council and other parties in
terested in the strike of the cooks and
waiters has been placed by request of the
complainant's attorneys upon the reserve
<a!endar of Judge Seawell's court. The
injunction prayed for will not in conse
quence be issued at once.
San Francisco Branch No. 64, Interna
tional Union of Steam and Electrical En
gineers, has elected the following dele
gates and alternates to the Labor Coun
cil: M. McAvoy. B. E. George. J. W.
Carter, J. C. Stuarts and A. W. Ewell.
The Poultry and Game Dressers' Union
has named Josr-ph C. Johnson and James
A. Peacock as its representatives.
The financial report of the San Francis
co Labor Council for the quarter ending
May 1, just issued, shows receipts of
?1336 30 and disbursements of $1216 35.
Eighteen new unions were admitted dur
ing the quarter.
Men Now at Work.
Ironworkers Appoint Committee to
Seek Financial Assistance From
LABOR COUNCIL DECIDES
TO APPEAL FOB, MONEY
"The annual convention will be held In
April, when the whole scale will be re
vised as usual. Tlie scale ¦will be given to
the manufactuers on May 15. The period
tor conference negotiation shall expire
Tune 15. If no agreement Is reached by
that date a conciliator shall be called Into
the conference. He shall decide contested
points, but his decisions shall not be final
nr binding. If no agreement is reached
by July 15 all association mills are to
Hose. The limit of settlement In force Is
July 1. at which time. If no agreement Is
reached, the men walk out. The new plan
extends the period of conference from
three to eight weeks."
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. June 7.-The com
mittee of the Amalgamated Association
of Iron. Steel and Tin Workers adjourned
*ine die to-night, after selecting the fol
lowing officers: President, T. J. Schaef
fer. Plttsburg; secretary-treasurer, John
Williams, Pittsburg; manager of Amal
gamated Journal, Ben I. Davis, Pitts
l>urg. Trustees— J. H. Morgan, Cambridge,
Ohio; Ellas Jenkins, Youngstown, Oblo;
John E. Taylor, Plttsburg.
The most Important work of the con
vention le considered to have been the
adoption of the so-called continuous scale
J'lan. It Is really not a continuous scale,
but a continuation of the present method
<jf annual wage settlement, with some
amendments. Trie most Important of these
provides for the continuous operation of
thy mills while the scale Is being consid
ered in conference and an extension of
the time within which an agreement must
be arrived at. There Is no provision for
the continuance from year to year of such
portions of the scale as may be satisfac
tory to both the association and the com
ptnles at the time of the annual wage ad
justment. Neither Is there any provision
for dating back any Increase In wages.
No reference Is made to compulsory' arbi
tration, but "a conciliator" Is provided
for.
Th© detailed plan of annual wage (set
tlement adopted by the convention Is as
follows:
Mills Will Be Closed Unless
Employers Make Set
tlement
Iron, Steel and Tin Work
ers Decide on De
mands.
SCALE OF WAGES
TO BE REVISED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JUNE 8; 1901;
PURSUES INSANE MAN FOR MILES
THROUGH THE PIEDMONT HILLS
reft of Reason, Escapes From His Home and
Gives His Captors a Hard Fight When Caught
John Nystrom, a Striking Machinist, Suddenly Be-
Miss Lillian Estelle Gemmell and Oscar I. Runnels
Are Married by Rev. Ernest E. Baker, Only
Relatives of Contracting Parties Being Present
PRETTY WEDDING SOLEMNIZED
AT THE HOME OF BRIDE'S SISTER
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
H ; vASK for the FUEL NAME r .M
Yhv- '•¦<" ¦ •'¦ ¦•' ¦ :' ,v*r -¦ :.:¦'¦' ¦" ¦¦¦¦':'¦'¦ '"¦ ¦¦:,.-¦;"¦.-'; - : ' • '" t ¦¦fifa]
lUjj To ObtaJn the best and safest Natural Laxative Water Known. to the medical , pro- ; m ¦
fesslon,' a never-falling remedy for all disorders of the stomach and liver, of inval- vSr
||U liable servioe to people of sedentary habits and an absolute cure for chronic ' . ' ¦ [Dll
I ' ., - : . -' (^onstipatibiL ' J ¦ 1
IWj ¦ •for , Dyspepsli, : Blllonsness, and for Hecdacbe arising from overloadlnjj the ¦t om *'-!nj|
<$§> ? ach, no remedy in the world has been so thoroughly, Indorsed by the medical profes--. <>&
"Iml elon generally aa this Well-known Aperient Water, '.'". f V<- . - I : . • J (Ml
Label ON^RriTTilFi 1 "^ 1 ™^ Iw
*§jy. :-¦'¦ ¦¦•- ¦ , ._Vf.-::.^? ...-;¦-¦ T 1 -With. RED Centre Panel. : • V SgigTHE SAN FRANOISCOa CALI,-;^SATUBDA¥$JUy E 8; 1901.
12
SAX FRAX01SCO CALL. ,.-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.-
BRANCH OFFICES-e27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 x>. m.
1C6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
. 2200 Flllmore gtreet: open until 9 p. m.
• MEETlXi .XOTICES. 7
GOLDEX Gate Encampment No. L JV A
I. O. O. F.. will meet THIS EVEN- X
ING at 8 o'clock. Patriarch De- /\
gree. H. C. GEORGE. Scribe. S X
F. L. TURPIN. Chief Patriarch.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2,
I O O. F. — Regular meeting •SvLjSSS
THIS < SATURDAY) EVENING. : 2|§5*3s? F
First decree. "Wi»
A, K. KINGSFORP. P. M.
TWEXTY-THIRD annual excursion
and picnic piven by the Austrian KaKy
Military and Benevolent Associa- ««««£?
tlon to be held at Glenwood Park, gSSffe
Santa Cruz Mountains, on SUN- "•-"
DAY June 16 1901. Round trip. $1. Includ-
ing admission to the park; children under 1!
years, 50c. The association leaves at S:4a
a. m. boat, narrow gauge depot, foot of
Market Et. ; a good time is promised for all.
COMMITTEE-
MECHANICS' IXSTITUTE— Quarterly meet-
ing notice.
The quarterly meeting of the members of
the Mechanics' Institute will be held at the
Mechanics' Institute, Library building, 31 Post
et. SATURDAY. June 8. 1901. at 8 p. m.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE, Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic orocess from A. Lundberg, In the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Indian Creek,
find from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine, in Negro Canon. Sierra
County to deposit tailings in Charcoal or
Xepro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 59, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. on June 24, 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
INTERXATIOXAL Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen n:e»t every THURSDAY EVE., at 8
o'clock sharp, at 1159 Mission St.. near Sth.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED — Every newsboy to sell copies of the
l«test comedy. "The Police Commissioner of
CzarvlHe": big profits. For copies call at
grocery. XTV. cor. Greenwich and Baker sts.
ASPHALTUM
J. FELTIER. asphalt roofinc, sidewalks re- i
ralred: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
\V. . DAVIDSON. S27 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
Vet Ft: consultation free: no fees in advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A GCOD country home for children with best
of care. 9:3 Forty-sixth st. Oakland.
: OR 3 children to beard, week cr month: best
'*~*wt\t\x y»rd:nr.sehonl:rfasonable.l607 Cal.
• BCSIXESS CHA.NCES.
.% 700— CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living
rooms; rent $16; choice location in the Mis-
sion; a steady and good paying business, ln-
quire R. G. WILKE, 26i± Kearny st.
A — T150: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: rent '¦-
f30; best location: clearing $1CO per month. '
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26U; Kearny st.
A— $1250; MUST be sold in three days; half in-
terest In leading French restaurant of the
city: death in family cause of sale. See R.
O. WILKE. 2G*i Kearny st.
GREAT bargain— Saloon; 9 furnished rooms
and bar; rriee $5D0; rent $25: doing a first-
class business; water front R. G. WILKE
__T6>4 Kearny st
A— $20C0; COUNTRY saloon, 30 miles from S.
F.: rent $35: place doing business of $8000 per
year; license $100 per year; lease. 1'articu-
larg R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny Et.
A— $1200 — FANCY grocery with selected stock
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade;
close to City Hall; living rooms: good busl-
nefs. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $600— DELICACY.' with home cooking ?de-
partment doing a business of $30 per day;
rent <2!; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26',-i Kearny Et.
A-tiOO; BRAXCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
••ation Polk et Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 ,
Kearny st.
A RARE chance; price S1903: dairy, produce
end delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will Invoice price;
location can't be beat Call R. G. WILKE.
26^ Kcarny et.
A-J750; SALOON; no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
rcr month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'^ Kearny St.
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
«>rn Addition: net rent $4S; clearing above $150
pw month; large patronage; stock of bug-
rics. horf« and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2G'£ Kearny E t
AAA— $30C; downtown cigar Ftand: good value.
$600— Grocery, branch bakery: good location.
fllTO— Union restaurant; no competition;
nr. 2 factories: pood proposition; investigate.
$500— Saloon on Market st
W0C — Cijrar store; best location: night trade.
fofO— Sa'.oon: merchants' lunch: good.
J400 — Cigars, notions: E. Oak.; fine forcouple.
$1000— Road house: splendid location.
AAA— MQ cigar stands; 200 groceries and
bars: 300 candy and icecream parlors; 500 res-
taurants: hundreds of businesses to choose
from. Call in and see what we can offer you.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st
A— FOR private rale: some of best saloons In
city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
A— CANDY store In Western Addition $ 350
Delicacy store; good ?tnok; no opposition. 5C0
Paloon in business district 45C0
fcalnon near beach. W); ealoon and lodg-
ing-house S00
Pl^etr-Exanh gallery: pays well; Market st. 2000
Merchandise business !n Kood town 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, <-igs.r stands, bath houses,
o^Hcacy stores, 'n ail j-arts of city. from/$l50
"!>¦ EITEL & CO.. 1C32 Market st.
FOR sale— Stationery store and laundry office. 2
E- living rooms; laundry pays rent. T. J. MAY.
F35 Market st. /
V'R Eale— Vegetable, fruit and poultry, store,
horse and wagon, 5 furnished rooms; cheap
rent. T. J. MAY. CSS Market st
FOR salp— Lots in East Bakeisfield, $50 to $75,
on monthly payments. T. J. MAY, 63S Mar-
ket ut
A— $600; ROADHOUSE. with 7 acres, across
bay: rent $13 month: .", rooms: fine place:
rrc^lDts jib dally. KREDO & CO.. 32 Flood
building.
A-SiOO; BAKERY, with 2 ovens: 5 rooms:
also a bakery and notions, with 2 rooms, for
$200; splendid location. KREDO & CO. 803
Market Et.
ARE you ambitious to get Into r legitimate,
profitable business. of your own without capi-
tal? Here Is an opportunity; write us. inclos-
ing 25c, Btamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company, 727 Martlet st.
A— TT75: CIGAH stand: No. I location: rent $15-
receipts $10 «iay. STRAXD & KAISER. 203
Kearny st.
$100— COFFEE and chop hou*e: bargain: sick-
ness cause of Bale.- McLAUGHLIN & CO
777% Market gt
I HAVE bargains in groceries anil inn*, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. /Ml Mkt
WE have a select list of stocks and bonds to
offer Investors, paying 5 to 15 per cent West
Coast Investment Co.. Phelan building.
A— WELL-ESTABLISHED millinery store for
pale on account of going to Europe. For par-
• tlculars apply at store. ES7 Geary st'
A— SELECT butcher business; a choice loca-
tion; will sell chear. as owner has other
business. Box 4253. Call office.
GREAT chance to secure fine modern store-
good location for any business. 315 O'p"ar-
rell ct, pear Mason; Bee it.
FOR sale— A first-class Baloon. doing a good
business; good reason for selling. Address
jtf.. box 239. Petaluma. Cat .
FOE rale cheap — A grocery store. £17 Mont-
gomery ave.; proprietor at store.
BRAXCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 191 Fourth st . •
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; eat. 25 yrs •
horse, wagon, cellar, etc. ; rent $50. 1401 Powell!
GOOD outside route for sale on The Call. Ap-
ply at 216 Prospect ave.
$S0 — COFFEE and chop house; must sell. " Box
<251. Call office.
SMALL milk business for sale cheap. 919
Thirty-seventh ¦ Et, Oakland. , -
WINHALL'S. candy 'store, factory; • bargain.
2008 Mission et., one door from Sixteenth.
BEST place lr. America for - roadside resort ;
¦ cheap. Owner, 454 Thirty-fourth st., Oakland.
Tir SI NESS C" AXCES — Cow ; «< In no tl.
CORNER grocery and bar; pood business; large
stock; fine fixtures: 4 living ,rooms; cause
sickness. Address 74S Brannan st.
TO. let— Country blacksmith shop, with tools.
Inquire at Elmhurst Exchange, Elmhurst,
near Oakland. ___;
MAX with S30O to Join party to Vork placer
claim at Cape Kome. Box 2433. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• f ubscriptiens has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
LODGIXG-MOCSES FOK SALS. - ;
A. CAMEPvON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rcomlng-house or business
to sell liet with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
El rooms; corner; rent $140; income $350. .$3000
E6-rooros hotel; rent S150; pays well 3000
f.0 rooms; 2 cnt; good fur., cpts: pt cash. 3500
27 rooms; cor.: good location; see it 2300
19 rooms; rent $73: fine fur.; pays well.. 1500
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house; mtg.. 1100
10 rooms: Bush; rent ?5C; $650 cash:... — S50
£-room flat; modern; nice home.: 450
6 rooms; rent $16; g.->cd fur., carpets. 250
IS rooms; cor.: sunny; pays well 900
. 12 rooms: California st. : rent $50: apart-
ments: oak and maUogany furn.; first-class
roomers '.. .'...... 800
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house , in
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price JSOO; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500. !
If a bargain we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine St., price -4450. "
9 rooms on Minna st., price $250. '
14 rooms on Taylor 6t., price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.,' price $15M.
Eureka Real Estate. 2S Sixth st
LODGING-HOUSE and hotels— Buyers will
find headquarters for bargains, good loca-
tions and guaranteed titles, by calling
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
! 917 Market st, opposite Mason.
LEAVENWORTH, 720, near Sutter— A room-
' ing house of 10 rooms and bath, furnished,
for sale. Apply In afternoon.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st— A .rood list
of lodging-houses.
10 ROOMS; finely furnished house; $750. 305
Jones st ¦'. ¦:;'•.;
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT^irjl WHITNEY— " ~~
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; sit, $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium — If you are in trouble
see me: business and love affairs; readings
daily. 10 to 4; circles Tues., Thurs.. Sat. and
Sun.. 8 p. m. S05 Larkin. r. 87-SS, 4th floor.
MRS. HTJBBAUD, 109 Oak Ft— Circles Tues-
day and Friday. S p. m.; 'Wednesday, 2:30
p. m., 10c: reading daily. Me.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon.& Fri. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:45; sittings daily, 10
to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic dealer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
st.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
ARNOLD PICKSOX: all receive tests to-night;
10c; readings and spirit photos. 14S Sixth st.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business and test me-
dium; many years' exper. 14 McAllister, r. 33.
EDWARD EARLE, 323 Ellis st.— Readings
daily: seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs.
MRS. LESTER. 14S Sixth, rm. 12; cir. every
eve., 10c; except devel. cir., Friday eve., 25c.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027^ Mar-
ket st. room 1. second floor.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission st.,
ur. 13th — Circle Frl. eve., 25c; sittings daily.
Mrs. Gillingham, hrr. 1 to 5; circles Sun.. Wed.,
Fri.. 10c. 3C5 Larkin. Wed.,Sat..OakId.,532 22d.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.~j!
Mfyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of th^past reveals the present
happenings and porS-ay events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy cr not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
23c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed. . '
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. ~
1000 Callers Since May. 1st.
Xaaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called
for. cures your disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges in advance: satisfaction
guaranteed; develops mediums in 2 months;
teaches palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m.
to 9 p. m.; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 12>D6 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
2G; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: «-hows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 25c up: satisfaction to every-
body: cures diseases by sympathy. 21514 Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
cents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit," $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; readings. 50c. 1JX3 Mission St., cor. Sth.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason st. medium and
palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and gives
advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and palm-
' Ists; names and uites; 1, 25c; g. SOc; mall $1.
1511% Market, on. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1093.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by
mail; Inc. stamp. 13?2 Mrket. op. Odd Fellows.
MONK! Clairvoyant, test medium; circles
Sunday. Tuesday, Thursday 8 p. m. t 25c. 133
Taylor Ft
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant.' water
reader. 11. Cth; German spoken ; tel. Howard, 1S46
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st. -
FOR peace of mind 6ee Mesmar. the great
clalr., Itfe reader: truth only. 1152 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPET IIEATIXG AM) CL13AIVIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JOXES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 106L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing: company. 342-
344 McAllister st ; phone South 146.
CITY Eteam Carpet-Beating ! Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rogr., 38-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno^
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel." Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. . '
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions. ¦' corns, warts, cbll-
blalne: nalnlenE cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION* OFFICES.
G^O^GE^wTlcEL^Y^A^ncy^o"cnaTgTu^
less successful.- Room 310. 927. Market st. -
COTTAGES , TO LET.
$1.%-COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath; lot lloTchlcken^
« house: fine garden. etc» 198 Laldley st. ¦
FOR pale— Nice cottage. 4' rooms, bath; every
convenience. C29 Sixth ave.. nr. Park, Rich-
mond. • . .- . ,
. ', ¦¦ COTTAGES WANTED.. .." - ..
WANTED— Cottage 'or three -rooms; -healthy
situation; mountain Bide or near lake. Ad-
drees CALDER, S26 Union . St., New Or-
leans, La. ' c . ¦
DRESSMAKERS AXI> SEASISTUKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School^
Class rates; patterns cut, 1U19 Market st. ' '
ACCORDEON pleating; "country orders ' prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O' Connor, & Moffatt.
. ¦: DEXTISTS^ - : .' ¦,J^_^:
AT the ELECTRO-DENtXl CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st," cor., 4th, 'rm 7, Flood bldg.,' you can
Thave . your- extractions done . painlessly; teeth
.without plates our specialty; , gold crowns,'
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
- flea hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. 3. W. THATCHER.- M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, .bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by .my p
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 . years'
experience; no students; advice free; . prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady: attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. '
A-NEW unbreakable : plate', the Rose Pearl,"
warranted for 2rt years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
COc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentifc-t In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth. -make plates, gold crowns
and bridge .work at bedrock, prices. Office
1141 Polk St., corner Sutter; open Sundays. ¦
AT Ideal! Dental Co.. 6, Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors,* 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of. teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings; 25c.
DR.R. L. WALSH,815%Geary.nr.Larkin-Pain-
less extraction 50c;. plates $5 up;phonePolkllSu.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy. bldg:
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 869 Mission. ct. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 11X11 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET t of teeth without plate. DR. . H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL, .'-y
GALLAGh'kR^MARSH ColIeBe. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand," typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining -engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free. i
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated j with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,minlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nai'.len School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the"
Gregg ; shorthand costs only. $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.' .'.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. L..MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st., nr. 6th.
Munson. School Shorthand.TypIng.Bookkeeplng.
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-TU ER APUTIC-
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help: send men. at short
notice. 1125 SutteV, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecieanlng and employ-
ment; all" kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. ,n5 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 4111A O"FarreIl st. tel. East 426. :
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN • wishes work by the day; washing,
ircning or cleaning. 1036 I st., Sunset Dis-
trict.
A YOUNG lady wishes to take care of a grown
' child in an American family; no objection to
the country. Box 4215, Call office.
WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing , or housework;
terms 60c. Address box 4259, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent young wom-
an general housework; good plain cook. 1163
Market st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
and plain cooking; 'wages $20.' Address 3240
Mission st.
WANTED— Situation by first-class cook; elderly
English woman. Box 3337, Call office.
| YOUNG woman wishes situation to do cham-
ber work. Call or address 334A Bryant 2W.fi
WANTED— Position as companion to elderly
lady,- or governess; will also correct manu-
script and do copying on typewriter. Address
, 427 Lyon st. ¦
WANTED — Situation as housekeeper; city" or
country. 9SS Howard st. • •
VERY good, clean Spanish and French cook;
private family; no washing. Box 4248, ¦. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place; general
housework; cannot speak English. 3478 22d.
A FRENCH cook wishes a situation In a pri-
vate family; has good references. Address 114
Trenton st. between Jackson and Pacific
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker/ late of New. York,
wishes to go out tor $2 a day. Apply to MRS.
N. WAHLQUIST, 503 Kearny st
JAPANESE honest faithful girl wants position
in family as hcuseworker or plain cooking..
Box 4249, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.V.ear Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions - has been established - at 1096
Valencia st. ' ,-.-'>
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subs?riptlous
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
YOUNG man, experienced In grocery and bar,
wishes position; understands horses and Is
pood driver; speaks English. Portuguese and
Spanish; references. Box 4217, Call office. .
RESPECTABLE young man and wife wish po-
sitions in country hotel as waiter and wait-
ress or. waiter and chambermaid; former pro-
ferred. Box 4219. Call office. -, ¦
MAN and wife wish positions on a ranch; the
man a good teamster and farm hand; wife. a
good cook. Address' T. D.. 1519 Howard st.
GOOD Jobbing blacksmith and. shoer, married
and steady, wishes a' situation; 1 city or coun-
try; reasonable wages. Address box 4220,'. Call.
WANTED— Position by a young man as gar-
dener in a private family or porter in a sa-
loon. Address MEDEIROS, 65 Jackson st.
SITUATION wanted as carriage : painter in
non-union or country shop, or plain carpenter.
Address box 4257. Call -office. ' ..
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes employment of
any. kind; wages no object.' Apply 215 Kearny.
WANTED— By a man and 'wife, places in- a
¦ gentleman's family; wife an excellent plain
cook; man as coachman or -groom; thorough-
ly familiar with the handling and care, of
horses, etc.;' English;- references. Box 4238,
Call office. - \
A GOOD place to work; handy with tools or
- horses; good habits. Box 4246, Call office.
WANTED, by competent gardener; thoroughly
understands greenhouses, propagating : and
gardening of all kinds; experience unlimited.
Box 4213, Call. .- .' - . '- . ¦ ;
BARKEEPER, speaking English and French,
would. accept situation to ¦ work, six or twelve
- hours; city references;" bonds .If required.
' Address box 338C. Call office. , » - •
GOOD, machinist, can run stationary engine,
can- fire, wants a 'position; references given.
: Box 4235. Call- of flee. •, , '' „
SITUATION wanted' by practical horsebreaker
. „ to. handle spoiled horses or. unbroken horses ;>
12 years' experience. •_ Box 4210, Call: office. - -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been, established at 1096
Valencia :pf '¦ ~- '¦¦"¦- * ¦-"-•"'"¦¦ -'¦-¦¦¦ '
_1 '- r^FEATHER .RENOVATING. . < ,
Feather beds, pillow.", hair mattresses steamed,.
rurifW.. Owen McCab*. K70 Ml*flon.r cor. 5th..
' FINANCIAL.". •'•. '¦;.¦;," ' "
$500 TO loan . on good 'security. Call'
office, box •1245. ~ ¦
KUTS-TU l.lil— KarnlBhed. -.'*. .
ELEGANT 'furnished flat, '5 rooms; * bath." 1221
.Laguna st, corner Ellis. v * . >• ; -' r ''¦¦_;• ¦.
FLAT: of.- 4. rooms; modern; a' snap.-. 5SS "San
.Jose ave.-" ¦.:¦ :"»--' . v, ;;";;''- .'-. '¦-" -'-'¦"-','':'¦¦
6 ROOMS .and' bath: c modern ;: cheap. PAT-
' TERSON »&< CO.; 11 City Hall square.'
. ¦ .-'-.-., ..'¦.'¦¦
¦Vl'l* ¦/.-:•:¦ '.'¦:.¦ -¦ g^ A T* "^T^zil :'J.i-:i;L j 1^^-^ 0^' "' HORSES ; AND WAGONS- Continued. _
$40—1277 O' FARRE7,L st^ie^r^ctavlararsun- A— MURRAY & READY^V?!phone. Main 584S for 1 S ALi^SDrinT~wagon7"twoTseats, i extra
-• K^vTt £ PP 2V-2£-VJU roo . ms^o nd ,?« a !& ¦ ¦ and Labor Agents. ;. , pole ,. and harness ; first-class ; cheap. , 528
SHAINWALD, • BUCKBEE f - & - CO., ¦' 218-220 -..-• •¦-.¦ .- .¦ — Ofiice opens at ,7a. m. — ; >. r . • Third st • . - .
; Montgomery 1 I Tni6r>|Wl.l'jiil!j|iiKTgi|tASl' :. £° s Angeles 1 and Santa Barbara divisions.! . . : - i-1— — , my .
E p^^a^tt fl V'ro^ ; a^o r tn /8t - ; t^ .^KStCTBSlS^olt
gl^U^JE^^C^^^aer^'sl^ Gate ave. ., ¦>.-• ,r* ¦ ¦ -.
NINETEENTH,.^, corner . Noe-Lovely low- & A £ "^ £$*&££?&
er 4-room modern flat. $13 ; water = free. • Key -b ,„. ¦ . ; UKIAH. . - _ . , meap. ba^«_« ._^
3978 Nineteenths st. ..:.:. :;• ' : 75 : laborers and teamsters^Ukiah....... ...:..'.. AN'A -No. V, express wagon, single; also light
-, T .' -. ., . ,„,.. „ " — . v \ , — — — •¦•'"••••••••;V' t ;' r^;v;;----- v: --* 2 da y-' free fare camping wagon,' for sale cheap.:. 532 Mission.
FLAT to let— 2505% Howard st. ; lower flat, 5 . ... -MECHANICAL HELP. . — —^rSS
; rooms, bath; warm belt;, rent ?12. V -'.* house carpenters, country, long Job.. '..$3 day ~~~ ! '¦ I r ~ : _._. -.
5YBi-I?2i=5 sunny roomsTill modern Im- . Sall^o* 1 ™ $2 * '*? &™ : day -* C °° Per8 ' ~~— - h?? RS^?l]g^gg~~~_
' nrovements; rent, $.22. ,- . ¦. . 4 carpenters and'2"heVp^rs, v iarge v ranch".':v"v! HORSES wanted to work on, scraper Job; four
hsassis^SASsiis^ %i&^%Me&&xM -¦^^rsi'"- iror ''' Applr " 2 ° M0 °' s ° m " r
st. between Scott and Devlsadero. . ¦ ¦ ; , ¦ . ¦ shoer, country shop. $3 day; horaeshoer. camp '¦
MODERN ¦ upper flat, ' 6 ' rooms . and bath. 636 " near- city,.; $65--andr found;- machine- black- . . .' unn<p« TO ". LET *
Central; ave., near Hayes st. ; smith,. $3 50 to $4 day; ship's carpenter, black- ~~~~^~JZ2jJZZ^LJ~L~~Z~S~~^
— : —. . smith, small sawmill Co.; , $45 and found; 15 4 ppTMTvn n* -1—.-.J. *«Mkf r«. o ,wi for rir-
APPLY at 1722 Howard st." for flat of 6 rooms; | blacksmiths and helpers, . shops and ranches. mW^ i^pS* m w S?iS
very sunny ; 3 ' front ; ' water, free -J rent. $17. $3 50 day, $40 and. $50 and found.. ......T....... cular - G- H. UMBSEN & CO,. -14 Montgomery.
PINE.2617. nr.. Hev.-New sunny bay window f LOSTA^FOOm X. /
flat.^7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements. shoveling, large mining Co.. .............. .'.$75 — : '— ~ : — ; —
RTINNV flot nt 7 rnnms nnd hath 2146% Mar- 5( > machine, single-hand miners and laborers.. LOST— Pocketbook containing nugget chain with
ket st • take CastTst cars * * 75 laborers, city and country..$l 75 and $2 day.. .«na" ring charm and cash, on ferry' Pied-
Ket st. tane iastro-st cars. ...... FARMS. ..DAIRIES... HAY ~AND HARVEST mont or bet. ferry and Broadway: liberal re-
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms, bath. 150 haymakers, run; mowers, etc ward to finder. CALD WELL, 824 Mission.
¦1876 Fifteenth st. near " Dolores. ' ..".'.'. ."..$1 25-.. to $1 75 day tocst a M arr , nr ,,i ,1.- . ..,,,,. H __ k Wn , a t» lr
-¦- . 4 . header wae-on drivers SI SO to *' rlav 1^ ulsl — A- alamonu ring, valued as KeepsaKe, in
¦ . . . . . . :mm Tfor^hlvaSd harvest fields nVS S? vicinity of Pine and Franklin sts. Finder
FURNITURE FOR SALE. day: 28 far^era harvest flelds ' $1 50 and - *" will receive a liberal reward by returning
;; _ r U :^ _ ; ~~ .4 teamsters. laiSi : i^hirt:!)!'"M!:M-::K"-:»» same t0 782 Stevenson st. .' • •
menu A B SMITHTurnUuT Co % . 43 dairy men, cheese and buttermakers and LOST-A small gold watch with fob. with
Si«? 122 Kill? •„<• Furniture Co.. 128 milkers ...........:..... $35 and $30 monogram J. L? F. 'Return to 405^4 Folsom
and 132 Ellis Bt. ¦ ¦- ¦ -. , ,. MISCELLANEOUS. ; . st. and receive reward «
FOR sali» ohpnn— NIppIv furnished flat of 4 6 crosscut sawyers, ' free fare ; screw- turner, * • '¦ : ¦ — ;
rooms Twith privilege «J Renting flat 521 «« and found; 2 middle-aged laborers, fac- WILL the gentleman who last -Monday found
Franklin st prlVllege 0I , renuns nal " - wl i O ry. J2 day; farmer and wife. $35; boys for watch on Sacramento st. near Market kindly
st. ¦ - . • .- . - factory work; 25 laborers, country, $60 and return to 40S Jones st and receive reward. ¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60, with No. 7 found . ..... f.r><3T -ccv,(t» r~~ ? _. w»«», h rnwn .nots
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-U31 Market •. ' . \IX -JZt™™™ =1 \J% ?™ Hb^rli
1 10 laborers, large company. $2 50 day 5.",^ Montgomery st.,- room 2, liberal
pmmtTrnii- WAKTFn - HOTELS, LAUNDRIES, BUTCHERS. . rewarq - ¦ -
'-..-:.*• rJ:i!"^"^ _ ---- r Marker and distributor, country laundry. $13 LOST-DIamond sunburst, set with pearls; llb-
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market-Buys furniture. f l^^^ n '^^^^-J 30 nd fd - ; eral reward at 1408 Leavenworth »t.
merehantHoc »tr • nhnnc Jessie 2071 • Cook for an orchard, $3o; 17 ranch and camp — — ¦ —
merchandise, . etc. , pbone Jessie cooks, : $30, $36 and $40; lfcreman baker, coun- "' ¦¦¦-- •
AUCTIONEER John Elder 22 Kearny, buysft try, $11. wk. and fd.; cake baker, $40; shop LOST— Thursday noon between Third -strand
bells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets.etc. and wagon butcher, young man," $30 and fd.; Powell on Market, or near Golden West Hotel,
— - — cook, plain hotel, $50; 6 butchers, 3 bakera' chain and charm, charm $10, with inttials
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A. helpers, dishwashers, kitchen hands, 9 waiters C. E. and small diamond. Return to S. 2m.
• Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1541. MURRAY & READY .....634-636 Clay st "Wood, 718 Market, and rtCelve reward. • -
BEFORE ' disposing : of your furniture ¦ see a WORKING foreman vineyard and orchard- LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. single man. Apply MURRAY X READY and Loan Society of San Francisco. Jn the
~"~ " . 634-636 Clav st ¦ v - name of MARY J. RYAN, No. . 182-1090. The
A. WOLIjPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest ™* wl> L ' ay SI ' ¦-¦-¦' finder will please return to bank. . '
price for second-hand furniture; tel. ¦ Red 1354. AT the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AG'CY. \ og - . ea K^ i . — ... _. „,. , — «._-,.--¦-
1 —^^-^^— ... K Q Thii-<i at • nhnn» Tii.ch ±nz. LOST — A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk694; B 0 railroad laborers Sl^l to S2 2?' x, P r nav and **>** Society of San Francisco, in the
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash. "Vl^ Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare? -name of ESTHER POWERS. No. 229-633.
CHAS. LEVY buys -your furniture, carpets, 10 . men for mills and woods, free fare. " The finder will please return to bank. .
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761. 4 redwood tiemakers, lie, free fare. LOST— From 2430 Jackson st two months' old
1 * men l ° cut wood, pine 4 ft, $1 25 per cord. black and white pointer pup. Three dollars
HELP WAMTED-FBMALE. | JS^r pT,^. f^Vo $^0 board. ™ward for return. ...
.1.- - ->"~T'TTn^rr*r~^rT^" nrr7T~~~*~l 5 rough carpenters, $2 60 per day. . LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. S_.^,....1O4 Oeary Bt. 10 men for harvest flelds, $2 per day. - and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT 10 men for haying, $1 25 to $2 per day. name of JOHN BIXBY, No. 77-7C4. The flnd-
4 waitresses, summer resort, 12th of June...J20 2 0 laborers, near city. $2 per day. -:>/\v -¦ er will please return to bank.
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here. $20 10 laborers. $14 per. week! steady Job. ! : —
Waitress, springs, to go to-day.. .$20 young man to learn to fire, $15 board &"rm. Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
3 wiatresses, same lst-class hotel, city..... $20 .Teamsters drillers $2 25 Der dav jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and .Mason.
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel........ $20 . : L2 " " ' ¦ -^—^-^
Waitress, south, fare paid...' ...........$25 WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso- v»ttbi.'«p« Aivn im T I nws -
Cook, worklngmen's hotel, country, see _ ; elation, • foreman, second and ' third bread lKba3i!.s A3 u 1 illu w> a.
party here ....$35 ! bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma- td nrdi>T" also cleaned and sterilized- unhol.
CoSk- r^ort Clt^v°d SUn^ y nar?v k h;re— n ° °^nt positions. 127 Mason st P *' ? ' hone's" worker!
Cook, resort, Nevada, see party here »m — - — — —^—^— — __ - o^»<T«»/i -anvirv uTjntj 7is-T>n viovonth «t -
Man and wife, cook and waitress........... $55 Merchants office men, obtain clerical help at Slrifon* firath "K Eleventh st.
Mangier, hotel laundry. .......$6 wk. Clerks' Information Bureau. 1008% Mkt, r. 4. telephone South ,82.
Dishwasher, rc«m and board ........$23 JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union- . ' " MEDICAL. ' ;
Co^kV Nevada"^ Sr^Sr^O^ny^trt": F r^ E |^ Pl |^ n^. 9^ el^ a h r o ket ?t. . roonj 207. _ . ."^'^ _™ L_
nurse and companion to small children, $29. I- LESS. Secretary, telephone Jessie 1US. A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
country, see party here; ranch cook for men, MAN, upright character to manage business obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
?20; houseglrls, cooks, second girls, nursegirls. o f old house; salary $18 weeklv and exnpnsM my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary, st. payable weekly from headquarters- excTnsI roale complaints relieved by treatment su-
¦ . . . money advanced- nef-manont- «.f»^rT^i= ¦ perior to all others: the only treatment that
WANTED-Cookfor resort, $40 to $50; pastry giandard H<fu^^334 Ca™uS blW ChS' nel P 3 tfce unfortunate; • the most obstinate
cook for cafe, $35; cook, small summer hotel. . n " u " an ' nou.se. Jo4 caxton mag.. Chicago. ctseg a^ lmme diately relieved without pain;
Santa Cruz beach, $35; cook, small boarding- TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail n <> other treatment will do this; the most dif-
house, $30; cook, German style, no wash, $35; trade only; salary '$1200 and expenses Na- flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
8 ' cooks, -plain wash. $25 and $30; 4 German tional. 304 Caxton bldg., Chicago ' anteed DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market.
cooks, $30 and $35; 4 waitresses, country ho- — ¦ —^-^ *' ; ¦
tels, $25; 6 waitresses for nice resorts and ho- WANTED— Reliable man for light indoor com- HINDOHEHB home treatment; the most won-
tels, $20 and $25, In city and country;' wait- mission business; must be satisfied with $75* derful. simple, sure remedies ever known for
resses for restaurant. $8 a week; nurse, Palo per month to start; must have $150 cash. indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
AJto, $20; 6 second girls for city and country. Apply at 25 Geary st., room'l. -':,'-> . gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
$20 and $25; 59 girls for housework, city and V gTlc . . , t . _,, -. troubles of male and female sexual organs:
country, $20 and $25. Apply to J F ~- CRO- oixlaux man with 5300 cash can make $100 treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
. SETT & CO. 316 Sutter st % " month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1. suppository treatment, $1; send stamp for
MRS.M.E.DAY '.. Phone Main 1575 G ? 1 ? 7^ U £ iOn ,? ar f ber Saturd^ and S^^- * clrcular3 ' "2? Market st. S. F., Cal.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT 2197^ Powell St., near Francisco. A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
Head waitress, $25; 4 waitresses, first-class ' • - "¦ — — • stant relief for all female complaints: the
springs, $20, free fare; 10 waitresses, city and BARBER wanted- 10c shop 763 Mission R t longest and .most obstinate cases Immediately
country, $20 and $25; 2 chambermaids to wait, <-^>^x>. "m.ieu, .iw. snop. ./o^ aiission St.. relieved without pain; travelers helped: no
springs, $25, fare paid. GOOD barber for Saturday, from 10 a. m. to delay ; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHU 1122
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ' 10 p.*m. 623 Clay st. Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
S^faSf^SSSliSS'nSe.'^SjtaS: i0UR strong boys to learn a trade. Supor.n- »«• AND MRS. DAVIES 1228 Market, ladies-
$20; many cbrte. places, city and|ount^ g tendent Thomas Day Co., 725 Mlss.on st . SS;TS
"•• ri1 ¦^¦"¦¦^ >¦*•> oeary ac. Delicacy man going Er.st wants competent party treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
A-HO-f EL GAZETTE 26 Montgomery r 12 - t0 run bsnss - Gammill & Mock, 906 Market. guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
Waltrelsps for citv and rpsnrts jon ' : — turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
waitresses tor city and resorts, $20. ¦. GOOD cook or caterer can secure fine opening ;:i
a^m^hinre^a^c-as^wo^ °L^t Market>9t " ""* * ' " " J^SfS^ 5fe
?&^r!^-&S^&%^&£. WANTED-Pre.; boy-Xpply 141 Fremont st
WANTED-100 girls. Apply to Long Syrup Re- W ANTED-A cook at 1506 Kentucky st Po- avoid incompetent specialists; consult free,
fining Co., Eighth and, Brannan sts. trero. -.¦;.' '. " ¦¦ A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femil-
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework. WANTED— Youne man as seonrxl i,, n A- m complaints or money returned; my regulator
'1103 I^aguna st - s . rakr ki« ??^w» ™t second hana on never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
! 1__ " ' caKc. wb naves bt. , •. . . . "without pain; best cure: fee low; consult Iiee.
WANTED— A young woman for general house- . ~~ '¦ "~~" ~ ~~ MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
work at 436 Bartlett St. .-.¦...»; COOK wanted in boarding-house. 322 Main st. MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.-
•^55 B %rk^d d !S lw^ hM> for the Ge ™ an ¦SS^^^JSS:ffiS n {S2™ tI S?SS^
-— . . ' ' confinement. &42 Post. bet. Hyde and I^arkin.
w sss&zr*tt&z?:&9S£. D g^a7Sa.g^jg^'ii^.^^
GIRL^f or general housework, and cooking. $20 WAITER. wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.; $25 '
to $2o. 1280 Washington st. month and found. , , MIXES AND MIXING.
WAITRESS wanted. C31 Clay st. a ve • $12month Ind found DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c. 5c and
— — — . 11.1 ! • 10c per share; send tor prospectus.. Pacific
IF yo y u U wur fl n 0 d ne g h o a od d payinf 'wo^af Le°v^ STRONG young man 18 'to 20 used to janitor States Mining and Investment Co. 32(hPost st
Strauss & Co.'s Overall Factory, 32"4 Fremont ' rforK - ** ifront st. room 20. ...... "WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
et. Apply to Mr. Davis until further notice. WANTED— A good first-class night waiter at changed for property or business. 3O3'/J Turk.
GIRL to learn vest making and go couple er- 304 Mason st; wages $8 a week. , MIXING AXD ASS V Y ING ====
rands; $3 to start. 766. Geary st. ; v- CARPENTER, non-union; no office fees. Me- .„*?*„** n ™~^.. r T '
GIRLS and boys wanted. Apply American Can ¦ chanlcs' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny. MINIX O~men and others are Invited. to exam-
Company, corner Seventh and Townsend sts. PLASTER caster and strong boy wanted. 116 ine the Dean-Oviatt ore roaster and desul-
Crrrrrr— — — — ; — „„„. „ — Diamond st. .. . • - j)hurizer; saves all products; shares for sale.
WANTED— Good cook; no washing. 2030 Sev- _ __ 321 phelan building. S. F.
enteenth st. . . • BRICK cleaners wanted Sansome and Union ¦ ~^ ¦— ™ —^—^* —^
WANTED— Girl for general housework; no sts. Apply at brick kiln. . -_ -MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
washing; good wages. 306 E. 15th st E. Oak. WANTED— Men to learn * barber trade; $60 : — —¦ ~-
nironDrcaiMn iu Zi — I Z7~, — n — ; — monthly paid our graduates: two months BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
HAIRDREbblNG thoroughly .taught In 2 wks.; completes: more calls for our barbers than INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
entire course $ a ; positions guaranteed; big sal- we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat- " : '
-ary at start. Hairdressing College, 574 Geary. urdays; diplomas granted- busy season now BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
<!rjNnTM»VTiM o-i^i t™ nto i n «A«vt n «» Z call'or write for our special offer to-day.' ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
htSork^ *Annlv 1/fiS ? HVn4fv 41ft MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st second-hand; we always have a large stock of
housework, %2o. Apply MRS. HANSEN, 410 , ____: £ ¦_ saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
Maple, opposite Children s Hospital. WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U. one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
A— GTRL, for irenoral hniwwnrlf wn» M sit An s - Navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
A piy?^5 fO S 1 ix g tea h n C e U a S r eW MTs k sior 8eS AP ' . f^rtnanS^TTVch^nd %?£$?&Sfr Mission st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
GENERAL housework; plain' cooking; family . Inch, able to read and speak English. For A-4-SIDED, 3-slded, ,2-slded, 1-sided sticker;
. two; wages $15 1826V Sutter st . further • information apply to the Recruiting all . In good order; cheap. H. S. WHirn,,
. Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.-, 516 Mission st
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss A Co.'s : — ¦ —
overall factory, Z2U, Fremont st. Apply to WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know A— BLYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
MR. DAVIS. . that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still glnes, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys.
5^
— — — — : — ateuart st. , ¦ ¦ CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and «ubscriptions a FEW rood ladv nnd n>irtl>raan nniiMtnra «¦«» " — ~~ ~~ ~"~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~
received at.Call branch , of flee, 2200 Flllmore. S^ O^P- H ( A d Nr> r enTed Ch s :nd ry exchanged H^f
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ,. 60S California st. room 34. w$rk SU Mission st " Changed - > f', ?:,
subscriptions, has been established at 1096 WANTED- A man tonptoflirM WAi,»«Mk ¦ '
Valencia st. SwUze^h^To '6 Main ft entwort . h - ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one 2%-
.- bwitzer Shoe Co.. .6 Malnst. . . . horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
HELP WANTED— MALE, \ A E N N T '^RSfS^ WILET B^ AL " ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
•^¦^'^^^s^-^^-*^*^^^^*^^^^**^^^^*^^*^**^. >i->^"* v.w., sou ivj.tiiH.ei. hi. . BURKE 139 Beale st ¦
A l±^m^S'-%Sn!SXii"wo^!:.^ **£%™iSSS2 r: S n &S??SS? >^SS l MANUFACTURING plant, 3 months In use;
60 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare..Truckee fn^of. tf — Sansome, near Wash- muat sold at once j,,^ Market st . j
60 laborers, ship to-night, . free fare...Truckee ' lngTO " -*' ' ; ¦ ' . — —
100 tunnelmen. gSCKSRSfeE^S B0 "* S&T SSi g^.^?
For Chat 8 worthPark lA hl P to-nlght.Free fare SNAP on 3 . cha ,; barbar 8hop:good trade; will $4S 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit; new. $32 50,. 10*
50 laborers, ballasting track....... Coast road sell ; cheap. Address box ¦ 4240. Call office.' Montgomery st. .¦••..¦.- ¦ ¦-.. ---
Laborers, Santa: Barbara and L. A. divisionj -«v a •NrTTrr»_Tor« »»«»,t»^»<.^ —^.. t , , '. GASOLINE engines 2d-hand. and other ma-
Ship to-night.. ; ...FTe 1 fare......Shlp to-night chlnerV^boughl and sold. Epstein, 538 Mission.
50 teamsters, ship 'daily free fare..... Uklah * :E08 Callfornla Bt .. city. .-.-. .: . Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
• 60 laborers, ship dally, free fare....;. Uklah McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- ¦ all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
TTrvriTT Tn?DinT\iTi>MT - : hand shoes for sale. 50c up. ; 241 Third Et " FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
|^SSSi:;:;| wiHT^^^ ,h^ ..»*«.»».*«****. kroghmfg.co.
Koast cook, country hotel ..............$70 army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.- WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Third cook, spring hotel ¦: ......... *..;.»C0 — — — Loan Of flee, 25 . Stockton st. •
Broiler, country, hotel ........$50 : PENSION AGENT . EDWARD A. BULLIS, . .,' '— ¦
Second' cook and baker, resort... ;.; '.$50 Past Commander Geo.H. Thomas Post No. 2. MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
Kecond cook.' hotel, north, fare advanced..$35 G. A. R.. room 40.' Pheian bids.. ' 806 Market. tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
C^k^ n m^n l8 co^nt^ f hot°e"^ GET your shoes half-soled* while waiting; 25c SAFES-New and- second-hand. THE . HER-
Warfleman, country.hotel>!!i!!l;!.'i!!'.".'.!!!!$40 "to SOc. 562 Mission sty bet 1st and 2d ats. , MAN , SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
£o5 t J2 r «, < ; 0 ,? k ' * nd baker .; firs V class h 'otel.\..$GO WANTED-Man to work '¦ on ', fruit ranch, '¦' and SAFES-New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
. *£ £ act as second cook.. resort... ;.:y. $50 hi 8 wife. to cook::German preferred. Address , WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st, San Fran.
• 10 second cooks,* broilers. -fryers, city..;..... box 77, Gllroy.Cal. •¦'.•?: * ¦ »
: :GenVeei"waYterVorVciubV"north:.';.r.:....;.$43 MEN to learn barber -trade mailed : MISCELLANEOCS AVANTS.
-. Head Bilverman. and assistant sllverman, - ; free. _ S. F.v Barber School,- 741A Howard st - T^ __„ _.__,_ CT^, **„„„* u * — TTC7 1
-country hotel" " ... jon » o i .: — . : : : TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
Walters, country'hoteis'/.'.'. '''''''' $30*- $25 AT cash prices for $1 per week., men's suits to theatrical goods. ,154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
S£ ;h ° tel •--••"^•-^: -V-|33 order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st WANT ED-2d-hand upright piano or organ for
- Votwasher?.c^r^ 8 iaurai;t:::::"-::::X-:- .ra^<WW.}^ S in!PARD *'»«».-.» Cash . H. L. WHITEH E AD,.17O6 Market st.
Dishwasher ;.......'..- .. - ¦ $30 : " Hearst bldg.. .Third and .Market, room 316. . . 1
¦ 4 .. dlshwa T 8^^^d^^-S'v^^ilv^. 120 WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st,, near. Mar- ___^^!^iL!f^^^
'MaVi^d^^o^^o^^^wo^-to' ¦Z^fFZ*™^^
.do the plain washing and Ironing for coun- " baggage to ana rrom terry.. afford to pay on furniture, pUnos. etc:; do
try hotel, see party here... '...:. .T. .....$60 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions • not borrow or your friends or you will lose
- Marker and distributor, country laundry.. $65 ' received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. their friendship; 'do business with strangers
/...........„. MISCELLANEOUS ' * r : ¦ ' and you wil1 be better satisfied; no delay; no
Swampers, bark peelers $35 and 'found -"good '"A"; BRANCH office for.Call advertisements and Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st-
ranch, foreman, small ranch, > near- city, $M -.;' ' ¦ubscriptlons has been established ¦ at 1096 PROPERTY : ~^
V and found; haymakers, milkers, blacksmiths; -Valencia st. - ;..v.:.V..T""f.v..::: ' " - IS MORTGAGED
tk l^^
¦ C.-R. HANSEN & CO.'.. :.'.'.;. '.104-'Geary-'st ' carts,'; harness. ¦* Grand Arcad-s Horse Market. • * " - ' ¦ - ' ' ¦
' rT^^ T , r> - ; r — : ; : — - ' 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every. Wednesday. ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first,
BUTTER and - maker. $50 ; and * found ; : '1 SULLIVAN & ', DOYLE, .Auctioneers. , ' ;- . •, 8ec ond mortgages, estates in probate ' interest
|KSS?S; r feS^ .$110-FAMILY : bay,mare. rt buggy;and;harness, r a^ecu^l^^oln'Ti^r 1
., header •; wagon > loader,-' $35.- and found;*: team-; rrxiriTjnT-rjvrptHP-n ••? nonles » Tor -sale "ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d "and 3d mortgages.
VBten for. orchard. $30 and found. , and others.'; -?S2S?- jo^ F^ENGI.ISH &To Clay Sid V undivided 'interest-: real-estate in probate;
1 J: F. : CROSETT. & CO.';; 628] Sacramento; St.. . !^ e^'?iT^autterrt'-'-^ " mortgages and legacoies bought; no delay: get
. MWpg., ,..-..¦. ¦ e ¦ __: Da\is.. or, 9- 3 Sutter. st. ,^ . ,.... , ., . my terms before doing, business elsewhere. R.
5f h !< "i '^« M i'v 6 ' D i lner ? f S r s F.'VETERINARY;College.wlHcommence.lts McCOLGAN,- 24 .Montgomery ,st. room 2..
north. -$Z 50 - day ' and < $Z . and - board. ¦ J. ,F. M ' . minn i,,,,« in r-ntnincnip hv nnnlvine- t.i -^^— — — ¦ '
y CROSETT ; & ; CO., . 628 ¦ Sacramento st ? ,.- ¦- v |^T PanSt Sec^ SlO^oldL Ga^te Ive", LOWEST, rates, on furniture. ; etc.. by private
, _,-,-„-¦, ¦ -, .„ . ' •«- — : : ¦ '-' •¦'¦ — — : : : I party; no; removal r no commission: conflden-
2 . COOKS and wives. ;$o0 and, $60; v cook for.re- BAY horse ,15-3;: 1100; pounds; 'good > driver, sin-' ..tial. : Room' 3,; Conservatory^ldg..- 301 Jones.
- sort,, $40; hotel cook,. $40; i hotel 4 walters,^ $30; fgie or double. 1715 Sacramento St.- T : ,...,,¦ — ~ r—, —
• vegetablemen.-dlshwaahersand others.T J.iF.- , »'«¦»'. "»"»»¦• . __ ON furniture, pianos; , no removal;' money
• CROSETT ."&» CO..'* 628 Sacramento .bL ; j'..>.*i 40!HEADlwork -'and drly ing horses. '721 'How- 'quick; slowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
A-HOTEL : G A SETTER 26 M-.ntgomery, > rm 12/ ; st.v ; ,.:,. -,>¦•, : --r ¦..;;¦.:¦.¦-:.. age;, reliable party: ,ino Market ,t. roomjs.
X Man 1 for. store iroom.S $25; -bellboy,; $15;; second ALL"' kinds! of, camping wagons, '¦_ buggies; ;«ur-' ONE per. cent on furniture: $5 a monthon each
*>and third cooks, ¦•prlngs,' $40 and: $30.^ ¦¦--,': ;¦'.•* '-<¦¦' v- reyi > nnd J cart*: U634i> Mission Bt.v- -v .. . $1000; 'any security.- 1 302 Montgomery tV.'x.l.
MONEY TO ; LOAX— -Coatlnned.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jawelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
Bt; tel. Main 1644. Branch ID Third st.
MOST reliable place" to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. m sixth :
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds. '
MONET loaned salaried people without security"
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. - Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan EK1 R "
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal'
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllist er * '
3% on' furniture and pianos: $13 up: no removal"-
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st!
ON salaries or wajres: no indorser required g"
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan buildingi
$100, CCO TO loan on real estate or for building"
• low rate. ¦ 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts
321. Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. SCO Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
IF you have money to loan upon safe securi-
ties at 6 per cent call and see us. \\>st Coast
Investment Company. Phelan building.
MUSICAL l.NSTKUMK.NTS. , '•
ALL standard makes can be had at our estab^
llshment New and slightly used bargains
are : . • -
1 Heine (over 3000 In use here), original
price $675, now j;<j5
1 Har.et & Davis, original price $S30, now. 325
1 Eteinway. original price $573. now is5
7 Chickerings, $115 to 2i".
5 Schafters 145
And 50 other uprights, more used, from $35 to
¦J150: rents $2 up, allowed on purchase; we
- handle all makes; agents for famous Halle t-
Davis. Heine, etc. Note. — Should you desirs
to exchange the piano purchased for a Hallet-
Davis or any other American make at any
time within three years you will be allowed
the full purchase price; agents and live sales-
men wanted; big salary right men. HEINE
- PIANO CO..- 217 Geary st
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAX. CLAY
-' & CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
\3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price arowd. New upright pianos. $6 . per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
.$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et, Oakland.
IN order to close out a line of styles we placo
on sale to-day all of our Packard and Smith
6 Barnes pianos at one-half the regular re-
. tail price for cash. These goods are all new
and in first-class condition, but we are
changing our stock for money and you may
have first chance for ' a bargain. Don't
wait; they will not last long. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarter?.
314 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are nov/
" prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our oM stock at greatly reduced price*.
JA3. KECFFE, 314 Post St., between Stock-
. ton and Powell. •:'.':.:.. ..:,:,•.,'. \
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within :: years and fuii purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 20
O'Farrell st: established 18M.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emet-
• son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, I
Sterling $75, $123, $145. easy payment*.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickering, Vose. Sterling Agency; ; also
Apollo, king of self-players. •
BARGAINS— Clearance sale' bargains; upright
pianos. $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabe.
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares, $10
up. BRUENN. 2C3 Post st
DON'T buy pianos at 'Wilson's Storage. 1703
Market St.. because It's unfair to sell pianos
so cheap; they are slaughtering prices.
SOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester.
Hamilton and Spielmann pianos. ByronMauzy,
308 Post. - Y . ; ,7
WANTED— Ten square pianos for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY, SOS Pest st.
FINE large upright piano: also folding-bed;
great sacrifice. 324 Golden Gate ave.
AN. upright piano: must be sold; owner leav-
ing. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
CLfeSING out stock of nlanoa; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents, 333 Market st
$3 per month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright 217
Geary st, room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st
AT 'WILSON' S STORAGE. 170* Market st. yoa
can get storage pianos almost for a- song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
-MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.'
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
ELEGANT deskroom. with or without desk:
reasonable. Room 727. Emma Spreckels bidg.
CHEAP rent: store 1 with counter, shelves. 3
rooms, yard: water free; $10. 1320 Howard.',.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Sunny o 'flees. $15 to $20; usual services.
OIL.
BEST • oil .. land In the State; enormous pro-
. ducers around us; a fortune in our stocks; w«
know it. will prove It, by giving you negotia-
ble bond: bears 3 per cent interest: guarantees
your stock against any loss; you can't lose:
• *rilt edge references; call, write. Investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co.. 318 Kearny st.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In mn«
districts. Office, 22 and 24 Merchants* Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advane*
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In' good order: all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In- all parts of th»
State. -We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in mtocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAIWTEUS AND DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: paint-
Ing done. 319 Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. 80S LarKln: tel. Larkin 1060.
'.': ¦ ;. PALMISTRY.
M^TEL^GlSlM^uSJETThTT^usr^^
the Pacific Coast. 906 Market st. : 1 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 511
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561. '\
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons In class and private. 617 Jones.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palml3t. 11 W
Market. 10 to 6: residence 731 Guerrero st.
• PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG flf M. . herb doctor, • successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
teyttmoTiiaN at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
~ PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. 310 Leavenworth:
. verbal read'g. $1: printed chart $3 50: lessons. '
PERSONALS.
WHY THROW YOUR LIFE A WAY ? ? ? ~~
Going without sleep and turning yourself Into
a nervous, irritable wreck: all nervous and
mental diseases cured: sleep assured; hallu-
cinations dispelled. DR. VAN LANDEGHEM.
363 Geary st: teL Brown SO; hours, 10 to 4.
A if your hair is falling or you are bald, call
- on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; -this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
MME. RUGG, formerly of Hayes Valley, has
reopened and would be pleased to meet her
old patrons; hairdressing, 23c; scalp and fa-
cial treatment; hairdressing ' tausrht 1133
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other side made smooth ami
youthful by expert specialist in -charge. Call
N. Y. Insf Dermatology. 105 Ellis. r. 20-21. S.F.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44, Third St. near Market: 70O rooms:
I 23c to $1 50 per. night; '$1 SO to $5 per week;
• ..free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits, to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up;. fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
BEEN reduced* in size;' have remedy; will see
only ladies; fevenlngs; come. Room 202, 119
.Third, st
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. -$2 23. EASTERN ; OUTFITTING
CO.;- 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.the /SAN FRAisrciseo call, s_tui&_y, june; ;s, 1901;
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are slowly rising In the wholesale mar
ket, though retail prices are not ' much af
fected yet. 1 Butter and Cheese remain the
same.
Poultry Is now in liberal supply and selling
at lower 'prices. There Is no change In Meats,
and little In Fish. Bass is out of season.
The summer '.vegetables contmue to cheapen
under increasing supplies.
Fruits are in their usual good supply.
¦ Coal, oer ton—
Cannel } — — S?12 COlSouthfleld
Wellington. ©U 00 Wellington $ «U 00
Seattle 9 00® — -ICoos Bay.... Q 1 SO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice. sq.35<&45 Ranch 'Eggs, per
Do. good 25<&3O dozen 17®20
Cheese. Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. .17®?) pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss 20@33 Do. extracted... 3310
Common Egg9....15@— ' ; :-"
1 Poultry and Game —
Hens, each ........50@6O Turkeys, per Ib...l7i8»)
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 40@6f>
each 63@S3 'Seese, each...U 23(^1 50
Old Roosters. ea..40@5O Pigeons, pair 50@—
Fryers, each .::..50®60 Rabbits, pair 40®—
Broilers, each ....30@50 Hare, each — iQTj
• Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15O19 Round Steak 100—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloia Steak 12H'O>-
Do, good" 10©— Tenderloin. do....la@—
Corned Beef ......10@— Porterhouse. ia.lVAHVi
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20&—
Lard .— ®15 Pork, ealt 10©12\i
Mutton —©13 Pork Chops 15<8U
Lamb 12@— Pork Sausages.. 13H®13
Pork, fresh to®- Veal 12@—
Fruita and Nuts—
Apricots, per lb.. 8©10 t*mona. doa 15®25
Almonds .15«i20 Logan Berries.
Old Apples S@10 per basket 1001 »
New Apples *9 6 Peaches, per lb... 6-3) t
Bananas doz...l2%'W2iJ Pears, lb 5® —
Blackberries, dwr.40@5O Plums, lb 5(g> 9
Cherries, per lb... 6®12 Raspberries, dwr.50<86&
Cherry Plums, lb. 5®10 Raisins, per 1b... otsii
Currants, box: 40@50 Straw lorries, per
Gooseberries, lb... 6®— drawer 30®6»"»
Oranges, doz ....15W35 Walnuts, per lb...lo«2B
Limes, per doa..l2®15 ¦'.- y;
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb. 50 8 Okra. dried, lb...— «3S
Artichokes, doz.. .23(840 Peppers, per lb..30@—
Beets, doa 10®— Potatoes, per lb 2V4«—
Beans, white, lb. 60— New. do 232H
• Colored, per lb. 8®— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5®—
Dried Lima, lb.. 6© 8 Sweet Potatoes. lb 3@—
Cabbage, each.... 5®— Parsnips, per dz.10©—
Cauliflowers, each 5@— Radishes, dz bchs._8S0
Celery, head 5@— Sage, doz bnehs..25«»sii
Cress, do* bnchs,15«20 String Beans, lb.. 5@1»
Ducumbers, doa...40@— Summer Squash,
Egg Plant. lb.....lo@20 per lb 8@—
Green Peas. 1b 3(» 5 Sprouts, per lb — ©—
Green Corn. doz..23@33 Spinaj. per lb... SO —
Lettuce, per do»..15<M20 Thyme, dox bchs.23®3J
Onions, per lb.'... 3@ 4 Turnips, per doz.. 10®—
New Onions 2@ 3 Tomatoes, per lb. S@10
Leeks, dz bnchs-.15@2C
Fish-
Barracuda. 12H9— striped Bass —@—
Carp 8fJ— Sea Bass @
Cat^sh 10@— Smelts ..: 13®—
Codfish.. 12@15 Soles 10©—
Flounders 8#10 Skates, each .... S&W
Halibut 10015 Squid _tH0—
Herring — & — Tomcod 8®—
Mackerel ...: — &— Turbot — ®—
Do. horse 1CS12^ Trout 35@—
Perch i— #— Whlteflsh 10@—
Pomplno 50ttl — Clams, gallon ....S0@—
Rockflsh 15(9— Do. hardshell, lb 8(910
Salmon, fresh 15<S2O Crabs, each 15®20
• Do, smoked ....13©40 Mussels, quart.... 5(313
Shrimps .-— ®— Oysters. Cal, 100.. 40550
Shad 6® 8 Do. Eastern. dx2-Vf?4()
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Trom Page '.Ten.
STOCK __H) BOOT) EXCHANGE.
' -. '¦ " FRIDAY. Juno 7—3 p. m. '
'- UNITED : STATES BONDS.
. Bld.Ask. .• Bid.Ask.
Is quar reg..ll3%114% 4s quar rtg... 112^113%,
4s-quar; coup.113^114% 3s quar coup..l09 110
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
. Bay Co P C 5slO5 . Oceanic S S 5sl02%103
Cal-st 5s ¦ ¦¦.:: ..117% — Omnibus -R 6s.l26%128
C C Water 5s.lOOV411OVi Pao G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed.L & P 63.128^133% Pk & C H 6s. 108 —
Fer & Cl R 6sll6%119 Pk & O R 6s.U7 —
Geary-st 5s ...— ;—- Powll-stR 6S.130 —
H C & S 5%S.1O6>4 — " Sac E G R 5s. — 100 !
' Do 58 .......101 102% S F & SJV 6s.l20%120%
Los ; Ang . R , 5sll4 - 115 -, Bierra - Cal 6s. — 110 t
L A Light 6s. — ; 102 S P of A 6s ' ;
< Do gntd 6s. — 104 (1900) 113 —
Do gntd , 53.102% • (1910) U4 114%
L A & Pac 5s.lO2% — S P of C 6a
Do 1 c m 5s.lO2% — (1906), Ser A. — 109
Market-st C 6s — 127% (1905). Ser B. — 109%
Do 1 o m 5S.122U — (1906) ..;..... 109 110 .
Nev Co R 7s.:— ,113% < (1912) ........— 122
Nor R Cal 68.111 — . S P of Cal 1st v*v
_ Do 5s ...... ..U8%119% cp gntd g os.105 —
Nor Pao C , 6S.10O v — . S P Br Cal 6s.l35 —
Do 5s 108 .108% s V Water 6a. — 114
Nor Cal R 5s.ll0 113 Do 4s ........102% —
Oak Gas 6s ..112 — Do 4s 3d m.101% —
¦Do Trans 6sll6%117% Stktn Gas 6s.lOO '
Do Wat 5s.l04%105% .
"; WATER STOCKS. -
Contra Costa.. 80 81 [Spring Valley. 84% 85
Marin County. 62% — I
¦ r : - •. r . GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 ¦ — ¦ Pacific Lt 47% —
Equitable. .3% 3% Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4% — S F G & E.... 36% 36%
Oakland 60. 51 Ban Francisco. 4% 4%
Pacific Imp.. ..32% 34% Stockton - -
. * INSURANCE. /
Flrem's Fund.235 — /•
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 . 81 L P & A .147 -
California ....409 410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 ¦; —
Sf 1 Safe Dep.. 107% _ s F National.120 —
First Natl 809 315
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 - iSav & Loan... - - ¦
Humboldt ....-_ (Security 275 -
Mutual... 60 - I Union Trust.. 1400 -
San Frandsco.525 650 I
STREET RAILROADS. .
California ....127%135 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary ........,; _ 40 Presidio 25 -
Market ;.. 70% 70% --.'. -t
. ; »- " POWDER. '¦'. ¦'.
G »ant 76 .78 IVigorit .'.. I ' 3%
' SUGAR.
Hana .......... 7% 8 Kllauea ....... lV,b 18%
Hawaiian;..... 49-52% Makawell ..... 88% 33
Honokaa ,.:..:. 21% 22 Onomea 22 22U
Hutchinson ... — 20- Paauhau 26% 26%
i MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.,129 130 Oceanic S 8... 47 49
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 1 Pac Aux PAL 2 • — '
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Co Borax..lS5 —
Mer Ex 110 — ! Par Paint..... 18 —
'¦ ¦ Morning Session.
Board— . :.-;.;
20 Hana Plantation Co. 7 75
60 Honokaa Co...................... 21 75
60 Honokaa Co....- ". 21 62U
140 Honokaa Co.......... a. 50
35 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co 19 75
5 Oakland Gaa : .". 50 60
$3000 Oakland Water 6s.. 105 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 36 87%
15 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 37 00
1 Spring Valley Water ;.. 84 00
. 1 Spring Valley -Water 83 75
60 Spring Valley Water b3 00
J20.00O Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtge).1015O
Street— • • ; ...
75 S P Gas & Electric Co....; 36 M>
W00O S F & S J V bonds .....120 75
-'Afternoon Session.
Board— \. - v
,35 Alaska Packers* Ass'n 129 00
15 Makaweli ;~ -J8 50
85 Market-street Railway.... 70 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 47 60
10 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 90.. 47 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co 22 00
255 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 26 50
400 San Fran Gaslight ; 4 _
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 87%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co :.. 38 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 82%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co: s« 50
$2000 S P of A bonds (1909) U3 25
25 Spring Valley Water 84 00
5 Spring Valley Water 84 25
5 Spring Valley Water : 84 60
6 Spring Valley Water .84 75
Street— •
250 Honokaa' Sugar Co.. 21 50
$8000 N P C R R 6s bonds.. .100 60 .
PRODUCERS 1 "OIL EXCHANGE.
Board —
200 California-Standard 23
800 Home Oil Co..'. ...............:... t 10
400 Independence ............:...... 13
' 100 Independence' ..r.T..V...".. 14
1200 Lion Oil Co.. .: 13
200 Monarch of Arizona 34
55 Peerless .*...: 6 50
20 Peerless, b 10 ." 6 50
25 Peerless, b 15 I. 6 50
5000 Petroleum Center ...."... 05 -
600 Petroleum Center ..' 04
235 San Joaquin O & D Co. b 80..' 9 CO
100 Sovereign 20
' 300 Sovereign 15
100 Sterling 1 C7%
Street— :;. *I .:,¦*»*¦" . * '\' .
20 San Joaquin O & D Co. ..<....'. ...... S 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Four Oil Co.......... 35
1 Hanford Oil Co...: 86 00
100 Home Oil Co 3 10
2100 Independence .. " 14
100 Kern ; .5 00
1000 Lion Oil Co. 12
500 Monarch of Arizona 33
1200 Occidental of West Va 45
300 Petroleum Center ..'.' 05
100 Sterling ....:..:..:. .....:;. ..:.... ,1 10
' SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGK. '
Morning Session. N "*- • '
> Board— - ' ,
600 Lion Oil Co... 13
250 Occidenta of West Va 50
600 Occidental- of "West Va.*.. • 49
ECO Occidental of West-Va 48
10 Peerless ....- •.— 7 37%
. 10 Peerless ...;......: 7 25
BOO Petroleum Center .* - 04
- ¦ Afternoon Session.
Board— , .
300 Occidental of West Va.... ;.. 43
50 San Joaquin O & D Co, b 90...:..... 9 00
MINING STOCKS. '
. - '-."¦-'.¦:-•¦? '- '¦ . i ¦
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange, Board yester
day :
• •" Morningr ¦ Session. ,-,..
cl50 Con Cal & Va..2 331 10O Ophlr .....:..... 96
100 Con Cal & Va..2 30] 900 Overman ....... 24
200 Gould & Curry 07 1000 Sierra Nevada. 24
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia .". 30| 100 Silver Hill ..... 30
50 Confidence ..... 70 100 Union Con '.17
200 Ophlr 951
: The following Were j the sales In th» Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: : ;.£-'.>; 4J£*f'i
¦"_ . . Morning Session. \*^.':l
800 Best & Belcher IS 700 Mexican 13
100 Caledonia 5C 200 Mexican ........ 16
230 Con Cal &.Va.. 2 83 700 Ophir 95
850 Con Cal & V.2 37^ 60 Ophlr 97
500 Con Cal & Va..2 30 500 Overman .25
100 Confidence' ..... 68 600 Overman 27
' 200 Gould & » Curry 06 1100 Sierra Nevada. . 23
600 Gould & Curry 07 i 900 Union Con ¦.....',_
• Afternoon -¦ Session. .
" 100 Alpha Con • .... 03| 400 Overman '.."»... ±\K'
1100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Overman ....... 25
150 Con Cal & V.8 32% 300 Potoei 11
- 200 Con Cal & Va:.J 30 200 Savage' ......... 03
200 Gould & Curry 07 100 8ierra ¦ Nevada. 23
J00 Ophir ..:........ 95 100 Silver Hill ..... -SO"
200 Ophlr »C 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
500 Overman ..... ..\: 28 ... ,.¦ V. : . '
U, . ; 1 *" CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
K ......... . . • • - ¦ . •„
. FRIDAY, June 7— 4 p. m. .
tSHSsjf Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......... 03 04 Justice .... — .'03 .04
Alta .;. ;.. — -'. W Kentuck 01 . 03
"Andes.: 04 105 Lady .Wash. ...-.01 , —
Belcher \:-j>....- 08 10 Mexican .... 14 18
Best & Belcher 20 : 21. Occidental ..... 08 M
Bullion • — 03 Ophir ; ...;..' 9«" 97
Caledonia ......' 49 61 Overman ....... .15 27
Challenge Con. 15 17 Potosl '11 1J
Chollar ....".:...' 04 05 Savage ......... 07 08
Confidence .;... 69 — Scorpion, '..— 04
Con Cal ft Va..2 30 2 33 Seg ..Belcher ' 01 OS
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra- Nevada. . 23 24
Con New York, i— ; 01 Silver Hill'..... 23 30
Crown Point... 08 09,St Louis .*....:.¦ 06 —
Eureka Con ,06- —'Standard .."..:. .3 65 . —
Exchequer ...'.. — 03 (Syndicate. ...... 0«\. —
Gould & Curry Oft ' OSlUnlon Con 17 : 18
Hale & Norc... . 21 22 Utah 04 OS
Jjila' ...¦...•¦¦. — .02 Yellow Jacket.. 14 1«
WILL EXAMINE
COPPER FIELDS
; - .'-'/¦¦¦ • — ~ -¦ . ¦_. ¦- /, - ..
Autury Makes Selection
of Men. for- Work >
.* in Hand.
* * '¦ * — — . -. '.-'¦'¦'
Series of Bulletins to ' Be
Issued on .State's
u Minerals." ,
State. Mineralogist Aubury : has desig
nated another: set , of : ; field j assistants to
ascertain fac-3;~abcut the copper deposits
of /the State preliminary ¦ to the prepara
tion of a bulletin . on "copper, which will
em'm ace j all the- practical facts- that are
available concerning the . existence of that
metal in California and also" give a birds
eye view of the copper belts. ( Last week
news was published of the appointment of
field men to look into the copper prospects
ot a > part of: the most northern tier : of
counties.;:' Yesterday Mr.- Aubury an
nounced that; he has ¦ appointed.'. Charles
S. ! Long, M. E. , to proceed to Mariposa,
Tuolumne, Amador, Calaveras, El Do
rado and Placer counties; J.H. Tibbitts,
M. E.,' has-been instructed to visit Hum
boldt, Mendoclno, I^ke and Sonoma ccun
ties ; P. ' C. Du Bols will proceed to Ne
vada, Modoc, Lassen, Plumas, Butte, Te
hama, Sierra and .Yuba counties. Other
assistants who have been" appointed will
be assigned to different parts of the State
where copper is. known- to exist, .there to
fully investigate all deposits of which
there is any knowledge. :. :. .. .-•
The State Mineralogist also/ announces
that he expects that the ¦ copper bulletin
will call the attention of capitalists to de
serving miners . who have good undevel
oped prospects and are without means to
develop them, and ~ that the information
will be of Inestimable value to pros
pectors. • •.:-'."
A special bulletin will be issued as soon
as possible on the fuel values of Califor
nia oil, which will set forth all the advan
tages to be derived from the- use of the'
fuel oil. and ; also will describe the ways
in vogue of using such oil in all parts of
the world, thus, furnishing needed in
formation concerning the most econom
ical methods to be applied. Several bul
letins will be republisbed, among ' them, a
bulletin about methods of mine timbering,
one about the cyanide process, another
about gold' mill practices in California and
still another concerning mine' drainage,
pumps, etc. Thesl bulletins 'are out of
print and it will be necessary to Issue
special editions, there being a demand for
them.
In the department for the determination
of minerals, at the State Mining Bureau
¦there is an increase in the samples of
minerals sent in for. the 'determination of
their economic value. One recent speci
men of interest was : from Mendocino
County. 1 It was a copper. blend carrying
a large percentage of zinc. ; '. . .
SOCIETIES ELECT OFFICERS.
¦'(¦¦¦-. ,. ' - " ; ¦ . .
California Parlor of the Native Sona of
the Golden West has elected the following
named officers for the ensuing term: W.
E. Rowlands, president; E. Myron Wolf,
first vice president; Charles M. Janes, sec
ond' vice president; Theodore H. Forbes,
third vice president; Charles A. Bolde
mann, recording secretary; B. F. Hanlon,
financial secretary; Henry F. Pernau,
treasurer; J. J. Cusack, marshal; Eugene
H. Folsom, trustee; John F. Mitchell, col
lector; E. A. Jaujou, organist; Drs. B. F.
Clarke, Thomas Conrad, J. M. Helne
mann, H. Herrington, L. H. Hoffmann,
D./D. Lustig,' F. C. Newton and F. R.
Orella, surgeons. , -
Marshall Parlor, N. S. G. W., has elected
the following* officers, who will* be-in
stalled in Washington Sauare Hall on
July 3: - Edward Maher, president; -A.
Nickel, first vice president;. Ph. A. Bill,
second ' vice president; Edward Kroenke,
third vice president; A. Parry, marshal;
Robert O. Bokee, recording secretary;
Charles Louis, financial secretary; Manuel
Farro, treasurer; James Heffennan,
trustee. ¦ : - -. ¦ ¦ • ( v ; . - . ,
Court Ferruclo of the Foresters of
America has elected the following named
as officers for the ensuing term: N. Lau
sitano, chief ranger; G. Parodi, sub-chief
ranger; P. Magnelli, senior woodward; F.
Zangrillo, junior woodward; A. Mlchel
otti, senior beadle, and F. Mariano, junior
beadle. . -•_;.- ¦.•••.'"
Cosmopolitan Lodge, Independent Order
of Odd Fellows, has elected P. E. Arndt
noble grand, J. P. Hundrup vice grand,
W. L. Meuser recording secretary, W. W.
Peck financial ' secretary, E, i Maginnis
treasurer, J. J.-Loggie, A. H.' Cousins and
F. W. Krogh trustees and Dr. H.R. Bell
surgeon. . . ¦ ' , •
• ' ¦ . ' ' * . ' : '
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E L Lenzen, San Jose J
Mrs E Swan, ¦ S Jose i
W P Mathews, Sacto 1
E P White, Petaluma 1
Dr Ashworth. Cal. ' I
S W Greenbaum, N Y I
J D Leharff, Portland J
C Miller, Boston J
A E Sutton & w. Ptld (
C C Bracken. Yreke, " I
A E Poole, Wash
A S Nickerson. Seattle "<
I F O Nickerson, Seattle
Mrs T Regan & sons, (
Boise," Idaho .-'. ¦ £
J Berbecker, ¦ Conn j
F A Hihn & w, S Cruz J
G H Merkel & w, Ohio ]
J R Watt, Colo Sprgs (
S C Reed & w.-.N Y i
C Wetmore, Sulsun p
PALACE HOTEL.
O A Wilson, Stanford '
W S Scammel, Oaklnd
W A Booth Jr. Oaklnd
C Dunphy. MUlbrae
J Munn. Millbrae
T T Williams, Sn Rafi
-E I Burt, New York
A S Levy. New York
R E Hyde. Visalla : .
R H Herron.'Los Ang
W L Holmes, Mexico .
O H Merkel & w. Cinn
WN Ward., New York
J O Roberts, Madera'
A B Adams, NY .
C E Kohl.. Chicago
Mrs C Eichelberger.Cal
A Knab, Cincinnati
A Harmon, Lodl
Mrs Sprague, Cal . ,
Miss J C Hays, Cal
NEW vWESTERN HOTEL.
C.B Felsa & w, Cal
- B Stein, Oakland
P Kennedy, N Y
R Lewis, Oakland
W Hayes, Denver
H B Henden. Sacto '
C Stoltz, S Cruz .' '
P 1 Johnson,. N Y ¦"¦:
Q O Heich, 1 Denver
M Crlstian,- K City
W R Sherman, Sacto
C B Fuss, Bakersfleld
T .A' Coles, Boston ..= ,
W Sullivan, S Cnu"
C Gerneirett, Cal
J Quinn, St Louis
J •' Byrne, Chicago -.
C Mason, Chicago
A-H BeruBCh, N Y
J Blerbower, Nebr ' . .• '
W K Finks, Denver
¦:•¦ . I ¦-., ¦( '¦¦¦ ¦:¦ :¦
- . '¦;...: ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ ..'-.¦ ... . ¦
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
, ¦'¦ OCEAN STEAMERS. ¦¦.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 7— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, . from Hamburg, Boulogne and Ply
.'"quEENSTOWN— Arrived June 7— Stmr Luca
nla. for Liverpool,' and proceeded. .—¦ •. ¦.-/,[<
• CHERBOURG— Sailed i June - 7— Stmr : Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New l'ork. • • -XT ¦' , •' -' ; ¦•'':¦ • ¦-'¦¦¦ " '•"-. : ¦¦'-".
KlNSALE— Passed June 7— Stmr Northwest
! em. from Chicago, via Montreal, Quebec and
Sydney, C B, for Liverpool. - r . : --,
Lman (contractcr),' architects Salfleld & -Kohl
berg— Elevator work for a; 3-story, and' base
ment brick building on lot on NW line of Mis
' sion street, ' 91:8 SW, of Main, -SW. 45:10 by NW
137:6; 'J1860. . .: : ¦¦":- v : .. '.Wi.-v-r ?• ;.;, a s "
- Callaghan ', Estate Company (owners) : with ' F.'
W. Kern (contractor), architect Albert Plssls—
Inside finish, . doors and sashes,' mill work and
hardware, etc., » for - a ; . 6-story ? and : basement
brick and stone building on lot on SW; corner
of Jones ¦ and McAllister streets, • S 4:5%, | SW
' 152:11%, NW. 115:8, .thence E. 191:9 to beginning;
$20,245. ¦¦¦-'¦ ¦¦¦".;-."• :'¦'¦:¦ ¦ . •¦•-¦-' '-- J '.-: :•;-» . -
Same' owners ; with • H. Haustein (contractor),
architect same— Coal hole, hatchways and side
walk lights for rame on same; J23CO.' . <
- Same owners .' with ;, W. ¦'- L. vHolman (con
' tractor); . architect .: same — Two V, direct *> electric
passenger -¦; elevators ".: and \ three -.. sidewalk r ram
elevators and two ; ram ; casings . for . same on
same: $0230. ;: TwKWP8^^|§«ifeSJ6S56i3K2S8H
T. Same owners .with D. O' Sullivan (contractor),
architect same — Plastering, lathing and cement
ing for same > en same: ' $337iiv-. ¦.' •-=.<! 1 ¦ -
I ~a Same i owners - with : - George :. Goodman " r (con
'.'. tractor), -- architect " same-rArtlflcIal ? stone v < pav
irgpwater-tlRht^baFcm nt o .: floor .^drains' ani
j sump, cementing > of ..walls : nnd • all- pum?!n; ,r-j
i quired fcr same en' tatntY *"-f,0-*-'~; - ¦ i _ ..-.-- v*
13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIOITS.
Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas H.' Kelly,
Paul Fuller and Daniel F. Sullivan (as execu
tors and trustees of 'estate of Eugene Kelly)
to Pierce, Rodolph Storage Company, lot on
N line of Eddy.street. 206:6 Wot "Webster, W
106.by. N 137:6; $10,400. ¦' .;
Hermann and 'Anna Cordes to Salems Church
of Evangelical Association, lot on NE corner
of Twenty-second and Shotwell streets, N 93
by E 49; $3000. ¦ ", • •• "¦ ¦ ¦
Owen. J. McLau'ghlin to Elizabeth - Meehan,
lot on B line of Lexington avenue, 85 S of
Nineteenth. street. S 25 by E 80;-gift. . •
¦ Estate of Robert Leech (by Mary M.! Leech,
administratrix) to James and Katie Smith, lot
on N line of Dorland street, 110 E of DoloreB,
B 85 by N 115; $3730. .
Mary M. Leech to same, same; $2000.
C. W. Nissum (by B. P. Oliver, commls
sloner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 279:11%
W of Church. W 25:5% by N 114; $700.
. Henry C. and Sarah :j. Bunker to William
H. Dal ton, lot on W line of Fair Oaks street,'
60 N of Twenty-sixth, N 75 by W 125; $500.
Joaquin F., Miguel A.'* or Michael,. Ormart
and Maria Malagarrlga to Henry E. Bothin,
lot on N line of Washington street; 89:3 E of
Montgomery, B 17:9, N 60, E 20, N 20. W 37:9,
S 80; also lot on N line of Washington street,
107 E of Montgomery, E 20 by N 60; $15,500. ,
David E., . Ann M., Emma and Martha
Thompson to Board of Foreign Missions of
Presbyterian Church in United States and
Board of Home Missions of Presbyterian
Church in- United States, rerecord 1915 D. 406,
lot on N line of Sutter street. 18 W of Trin
ity. W 22, N 68:9. E 40, S 6:fl, W 18, S 62,
quitclaim deed; $1. « :
' Helen and Milton L. Schmltt to Golda Alex
ander lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 62:6 E
of Powell E 25 by S 87:6; also lot on N line
of Geary street, 215 W of Powell, W 35 by N
Lucy A Pogue to Benjamin - H. Harris, lot
on W line of Hyde street. 45:10 S of Vallejo,
S 22:11 by W 68:9; $2500. -•
Nellie Bond (wife of Alexander) to Charles
Morton, lot on N line of Pacific street, 45:6
W of Hyde, w 23 by N 87:6; $1000. - £
Margaret J. M. Haydock to Thomas M. Hay
dock lot on S line of Tehama street," 105:7^4 W
of First, W 26:4% by S 75; gift. ,
Mary" E " and Frederick Verleger and Alice
C Ball to William F. C. Schmidt, lot on SW
line of First street, 100 NW of Harrison, NW
50 by SW 75; $5500. • ' •
James V. Coleman. ¦¦ Cecelia C. d'Andigne
(Coleman, formerly May, wife of Louis) and
Isabella C. May (wife of Henry) to Charles T.
and Jennie A. Crocker, lot on NW line of Town
send street, 91:8 SW of Fourth, SW.91:8. NW
120 NE 45:10, NW 120, NE 45:10, SE 240; $37,500.
Bernard T. Reilly (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on SE line of Shipley street, 425 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by SE 75; $2450.
¦ Giovanni and Catarina de Vlncenri to Gio
vanni B. and Antonio de VIncenzl, lot on S
corner of Boardman and Fargo places, SW 76:6
by SE 25; $1000. - - . ,
• P Boland (administrator estate of Annie F.
Lennon.'by B. P.-Oliver, "commission), to Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on 8 line
of Sierra street, 125 E of Vermont, E 25 by 100;
$600. ¦ • • . ¦ /',.-.
William H. Rock.to LuiglFerrea, lot on SW
line of Seventeenth avenue, 75 SE of J street,
SE 37:6 by SW 100, block 351, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $150.
Same to Vincenzp Costaguto, lot on SW line
of Seventeenth avenue, 112:6" SE of J street, SE
37:6 by SW 100, block 351, same; $150.
Francis' or Frank D. McGinn to Margaret Cas
sidy, lot 622, Gift Map 1, to confirm 1826 D. 248;
$10. ' . , .' . -•
Walter Magee to Thomas Magee, undivided
1ialf of following: Lots 3 and 4, block A, lots
1 to 7, 34 and 35, block D, lots 2 to 6, 12 and" 13,
block E, and lots 19 and 20, block E. lots 1 and
2, block F, lots 1 to 4. 13 to lfc and 22 to 26,
block G, lots 17 to 20, block D, lot 24, block D,
French and Gllman Tract; $10.
' Alameda County..
A. W. and Ida Pattiani to Karl H. Nickel,
the NW 20 feet of lot 26, block F, Linda Vista
Terrace, 'map 2. Oakland; $1000. ¦
S. C. Blgelow to same, lot on NW line of
¦ Howe street. 486.47 NE of Moss avenue, NE
65.73, NW 93, SW. 66. SE 83.03 to beginning,
portion of block C, Thermal Hill, formerly-the
Howe Tract,' Oakland; $1000.
Karl H. Nickel to A. W. Pattiani, same;
$1000. . ... . ¦ «• - .- ¦
S. ¦ r>. Ayers to John G. Cooper, all" interest
1 in lot on S line of Ward street, 220 W of Ells
worth. W 40 by S 1394:6. Berkeley; $100.
Lillie N. Wood to Hubert Judge, lot on SW
corner of Central, avenue and Lafayette street,
W 75 by S 150, portion of Bartlett 60-acre
Tract, Alameda; $ .
Cosmos Land and Water Company to George
S. and May Redding, lot on S line of Pacific
avenue, 47:6 E of St. Charles street, E 42 by
S 149:7, being lot 2, block K, Taylor & Page
Tract, Alameda; $2000. -1
Sarah J. Howe (wife of F. C.) to Margaret
Howe, lot on W line of Regent street, 1062.4
S of San Jose avenue, S 40 by W* 157.9, being
the S 20.feet of lot A and N 20 feet of lot B,
block 68, Alameda Park Homestead,' Alameda;
$2000. ¦ •
Catherine and Donald Ross to Albert M.
Armstrong,-.'the SW'U of section 32, township
4 S, range 2 E, Murray Township;.also prop
erty In San Francisco; $500. .-¦¦• • -¦ -.
Cal L. Whitney to Baron P. Grosscup, parcel
of land bounded by L street,. Pine street, Rin
con avenue and N boundary of town of Liver
more, portion of Mountain View Tract, town of
Livermore, Murray Township; $50.
Ray and Max Livingston to J.C.'Baker lot
on N line of Third street, 75-W of.Franklin.
W 75 by N 100, lots 23 to 25. block 31, Kellers
berger's map, Oakland; $3000.
• C. B. Wines to BattiBta and MIchele" Clan-'
clarulo, all Interest In lot on N line of Fifth
street, 95:5 E Of Myrtle, N 81:4. E25. S 80.
W 34:6 to beginning, block 483, Oakland (quit
claim deed); $20. , , ¦ . • .. •».',;.
Equity Building \ and Loan Association to
Hattie B. Shorkley. lot on NW corner of
Wetton avenue or Thirty-eighth and-- Ruby
streets, N 116, W 27.43, S 118.06, E 27.6 to be
ginning, bemg lot 9, block'B, map of Broad
way and Telegraph Avenue Park Tract, Oak
land; $2000. . - - ¦ • .:.'¦.•
W. J. Myer to John Glllam, undivided third
Interest In lot on NE line of East Twenty-second
street, i25 NW of Thirteenth avenue, NW 87:6
by NE 150, block 139,. Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.:. . ". . ¦ - ' *>. ,-. . , .* .. -.;
i Samuel T. and Martha C. Alexander to Caro
line E. Le Conte (wife of Joseph), all interest
In lot on S line of Durant avenue, BOW. of Bow
ditch street, W 50 by S. 130, block 10, Mao of
property of College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $2000. -V. . .-'.¦ -'¦" .- .
Glennle Davies to Caroline E. Le Conte, all
Interest in lot on 8 line of Durant avenue, 100
W of Uowditch street, W 60 by S 130 block
10. same, Berkeley; $2000. ., , >
• Frank L. and Marie I. Bateman to Nellie F.
Hamilton (wife at James), lot on W line of
Ninth street, 150 N of Bristol, N 50 by W 130,
lot 8, block 78, ; tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley; $1000.
Claus and Wllheltnlna R. Mangels to John
Owens, lot on S line of Harmon street, 275 E
of Calais, E 50;by.-S'135, belng'the E-half of
lot 15 and:W half of lot 16,rblock A. Harmon
Tract, Berkeley: $2000. . : . - .. ¦ ¦- ¦ -
W. D. Crabb to W. S. Hobbs (trustee) all
Interest. In lot. on E line of Sixth street, 100
5 of Rose, S 80 by E 120, lot 34, block 36, tract
B. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $500. ¦
W. S. Hobbs (trustee) to Anna W. Tossavai
nen. same. Berkeley: $500. . • : . . .
: John E. and Ethel Bigelow to Emma D.- and
Chester C. Reed, undivided half.of lot on N line
of-Berkeley way,¦¦.« W of Mllvia street, W 43
by N 136.69, lot 11,. block 3. Map of Survey No '
1949. made for f L. 5 J. ¦ Clapp, in subdivision * of
portion of plat' 79,. Rancho V. > and D Peralta
Berkeley:'$.1600. I--. ;¦ ¦¦.,¦.%-¦. -v ¦'¦¦
James L. and Grace A. Gould to O.C. Benja
"min,' lot on NE corner of Caroline and Louisa
streets, N 60-by E^ 100, lot 167, v Encinal Park
Tract, quitclaim deed. Alameda; $300.
V ;i V. .Builders'. Contracts.
.' Mary Powe"r3' (owner) '"with A.' Stevens '{con
tractor); architect'Matthew'O'Brien— Painting
plumbing, hardware, ¦ mill-and carpenter work I
tinning, etc., for a 2-story and basement frame
building on lot on N line of Greenwich street
137:6 W of Devlsadero.iW 25 by;N.-137:6, West-,
ern: Addition block 489; $3500.¦••'-¦: :.;¦... '•.•¦; .
- John S. 1 and V. Garibaldi t (owners) with J G'
P. ¦ W. Jensen ( (contractor). -. archiject I H. Dew
hirst .'---:Mitchell—All , work .-except:;' mantels.'
shades . and gas -fixtures; for. a'.3-story<frame
building:(3' flats) on .lot on <N5line;of- Union
street, --105:0% : W' of , Franklin, i W 27:6: by - N
137:G; W900. v.:. ,, .'.'¦ . ' ,- ¦-;,:-.
K.jReuben H.jLloyd i(owner): with' W: LViHoi-
A Curtln, New York
MlssHCurtin, N Y
A Levlnsky. Stockton
C EWaite, Stanford
F J Raymond. NY
W Needham, NY .
W Thouron. PHIla
W B Devereaux, Colo
C E Doollttle. Colo .
I Werthelmer, Pa
Miss E Werthelmer. Pa
C.W Benedict & w. Mo
T Marx, St Louis
W- Ibach, Patterson -
C E Maehle, Chicago
C EHeyman & w, III
R Graham. Loa Ang ¦¦'
Miss G Graham. Ls Air
D. A Lewis. N Y ¦-.¦.¦¦
D H Bratton.<N Y ¦>
J B Urggenham, Denv
W J- j McGregor, Cal
H Morris, Fresno ...
Mrs E S Hartwell, Cal
M T Hartwell, Salinas
Mrs A W Rhodes. L A
J L Lee,- Chicago >
J E Toleln & w, S Joa
G G Van voorhles, Sac
E J Shain, Sacto
W I> Coatea. • Fresno
"W P Thomas, Ukiah "
W Landon, Sacto
C W Adams, Cal -W i
S.Lyons, NY '
A Pennington. Ukiah .
J L Bupon, Cal ¦ .
E B Knight, Sacto
C Swanton,- Sacto
W Freas & w, Ind
WE Davis, Chicago
OC— A2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. Steamers leave Broadway
|^_ ' Wharf, San' Francisco:
f«K_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
aPMpfc June 5. 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. Jul7
¦pRjBMk 5. Change to company's
___HTlm3 steamers at Seattle.
_R3H For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
HHCtTtSSI C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
i r~W_i Tacoma. Everett. Anacor-s
mr and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦ •• ~» 11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20, 23. SO,
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for th» company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2. 7. 11. ' It. 21. M. July J. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For • Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crus.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port K-u-fnrd"
(San Luis Obiroo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. 'Newport ("Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo, Matatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to ehang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without Drevlous notice.
TICK~T OPFirB-4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agrenta.
¦ - ' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. ¦¦#?. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And fthort Rail L<"« from Portland to at!
points East. Through Hskets to all
points. *l' «•«!' »••• «?«••"»««*•?•> ««H rail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »nd MEAL*.
SS. COLUMBIA. ..Sails June 12, 23, July 2, 12. Tl
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails June 7, 17, 27. July 7. 17. TX
D.TV.HITCHCflfcK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TO* "H'U'W'01. LONDON. PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis.... July 17
St. Louis June 26 St. Paul ..August 7
St. Paul .July 10 St. Louis August 14
RED STAR LINE.
New YorV and Antwem.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark" June 19|*Zeeland July 10
•Vaderland June 26 Friesland July 17
Kensington .....July 3'Pennland J*uly 24
•Stop" at Cherbourg 1 , eastbound.
, INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ¦ (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:. -
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ.Saturday. June 32. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU.. -Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARTJ.. Saturday. Aug. 10.1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
s W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. ,
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTTRQ.
DEUT"CHL!»ND ...JW'E 13, 1 P.M.
A. Victoria..... June 20|F. Bismarck.... July 4
Columbia ....'...June 27|Deutschland ....July 1)
Twln-^crew °is3^m^r irvizi
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
¦Waldersee June 1ZI Pennsylvania ..June a
Bulgaria June KJ Pretoria July «
Hambura-Amerlcao Line 37 B'way. N. Y.
"HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California st.' ,
PANAMA j. -A ¦BE' •
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 91*06; . Steerage. f4O.
8. 8. Argyll .'sails Monday, Juno 24
8. S. Lee'anaw calls MoncHy, July 13
S.«. Argyll mIUMiHit, Anft. Q
From Hasrison-street "Wharf at 3 p. va.
' Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
' F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
C0MPAQNIB GXlfEBALf TBANSATLaNTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ._w.
Balling every Thursday. Instead of <BMT_
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, *"*•
North River, foot of Morton street. 1a Lor-
raine. June . 13; . •L'Aqultalne. June 20; L»
Bretagne, June 27; La Champagne. July 4. >
. First class to Havre, $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre, «5 and upward. GENERA t
AGENCY FQR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Brdadway (Hudson i building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents." 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets scJd by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
• *Twin Screw > Express . Steamers. *
BAY AND HIVES STEAMERS.
FOR U; S; NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. ¦ FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO •
9:45 a.m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. , Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. . 8:30 p. m. Leavet
Vallejo 7 : a. . m., " 12:30 noon. -6 p. ". m., except
Sunday." Sunday/- 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare «
cents. > Telephone Main 1508. .Landing and of-;
fice.'picr 2,- Mlsslon-st. dock.- HATCH; BROS
' OCEAN TBAVBL.
Aoaiinf t* IT €T I* A HAWA "- 8AB0A ' HEVf
oceanics.s,co;sf^s
SS. ZEALANDIA! (Honolulu only)..........
. ....;.'...".:.:.. ....:.. Sunday. June 9. 11 a. m.
SS. SONOMA r.<via' Honolulu) for Samoa, . i _
¦ ; .' New 1 Zealand and Australia....'.....;...
-/..'....... ....". Thursday, June 20,^.10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;.„;.:.:.%. i '
- ¦ .;..:. r..:..;. 'Wednesday.'' June 28, at 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBECKELS & BROS. CO I Banral flgent».-327 Market St
Ben'l Pasaiflir Ofta, 643 tirkat St., her Mo. 7. PadScSt
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE/VAPORES
To Valparaiso, - stopping "at ; Mexican, » Central
¦ and ; South -American • corts.' ; Sailing 'Fremoat-
¦ street i wharf,''. 12 •m.'si'-' *¦"--•¦¦• - *- . '
* V ALEN A '- . . . . . : June ¦>'.] TUC APEL .... .June 2?
| COLOMBIA r...June li| AUEQUIPA .....July .;
vt.. These steamers are *bulli expressly -for Cen-
'tral ;;and> South ¦ American *> passenger service
; i Xu change ; at '.Aoapuico ' or • Panama. ) ' Freight r
; an'l*r.a! i -st % n«fer nfflrp."i31fi Call'ornia'street, !. i
! UALFOUR.- GUTHUIE- & CO.. ;Gen. . Agents.;
PERSONALS Continued. 1 !
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 119L '
LADIES' tailor suits made to order: reasonable
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Taller. 220 Powell st.
TAIL/DR made euits, $7 60; dress pants $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor- Bush and Dupont. ' .
I">r. Punton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
659. Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. m Market st.
AUFBKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wips;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
RrPERFLUOrs hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
PR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
\% pages, tn wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
.PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
mrgery cr delay from business, and no
t-alves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
«»lan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
iK—AL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
rO^T^STT^R^P^R^Y~FOR^AU3
Lot south side* of Post et; sixty-six (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor. Mills build'ng.
FINE corners for business or residence;
graded. $350: not graded. $250; cash or In-
stallments; near cars. Apply to 360 Jessie Et.
NEW modern houses. 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leaven worth st. ; $2300. In-
stallments $15 monthly; take Hyde-st. car.
IF you have lots to Fell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUXN. 530 California st.
HEAI, ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
G. H. UMBSEK & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Ppecial bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City.
Sutter Co.. short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land: few
beautiful live oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and Is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation: rich
valley land; gooi buildings; well fenced: short
<iiEtance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.; will be
ecld in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
*t an extremely low price.
The two abeve pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department.
Bl*Y In Napa Ccunty: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and peneral ranches frr rale
and to rent. JOSEPH DAILIE. 759 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write 'or
•t*+ lift. C. n. WIVFIKLD. Petaluma. Cal.
SAi:SALITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent— S3S50; Just completed;
S-room residence in the choicest part for
view *nd sunshine: e\-ery convenience; 6tnct-
:>• modern and built by day work; $400 cash;
$30 the first month, payments decreasing
»>sch month if desired: lot 60x120 feet. DR.
CRrMPTON. Eausalito. or Albert Wllfc-rd.
3M* J«rk!»on Ft.. Fan Francisco, from 12 to 5.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE..
$160— ROSS Valley lots, 25x160. near San An-
EPlmo station. Apply S76 Jackson et.. city.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
erty for exchange or sale on easy terms. Call
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HX— Cottare ot 4 rooms; lot 25x100. '-¦.--¦
JICKX)— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:Gxl23.
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25xlS0.
tloPO— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 50x150.
$1600— 2-story cottage of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
$1900— 2 -story cottage of 7 rooms; windmill,
«c; lot 50x150.
$2200— 2-story cottage of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
$2700— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot S0xl4S;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms, stable, etc.;
comer; on Central ave.
S1500— Lot on Union et., near Central ave.
?6CV— Lot near Morton^awation.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATION'S.
Bargains In unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand. British America, Citi-
zens and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda.
tl350— MODERN cottage. 5 rooms and bath.
Juxt finished; lot 32x100; part cash. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park gt.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR^SALE^
•FOR Fale— Modern cottage, 6 rooms: bath; lot
50x150. 1518 Mo7-art st., Alameda, Mastick stn.
FRD1TTALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRITTVALE BOARD AND ROOMS-
SUNNY room: 1 or 2 gentlemen; family board;
convenient to trains. Box 2252, Call office,
Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
SIS PER month: no cash down required; eczy
oottage. 5 rooms; high basement; street work
all dose; sunny fide, near San Pablo ave.;
total only IlOCfl. /"
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
COZY new Eastlake cottage of. o rooms and
high basement: sunny side; Just completed;
easy terms can be arranged.
/ $2200— House of 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x
" 129: close to Telegraph ave.: a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
QAKXAXD FUR.MSHED HOUSES.
ELEGANTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano.
yard full of flowers; cheap to right parties.
1760 Thirteenth ave.. 10 minutes' walk from
East Oakland etatlon. -'
540 "WITH water: Linda Vista: 9 rooms, fcp-
nlshed. Box 174, Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FL'RXITCRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA," 1327—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms to let; gas, bath and water: sunny.
DEVISADERO. 261-Nicely furnished front
suit*, with kitchen and bath.
EDDY. 838— A floor of 4 or 2 furnished rooms;
private residence; no children. .
ELLIS, S26— One furnished room; single or
double: bath, gas. '
FIFTH 353— Furnished, housekeeping, two par-
lors, kitchen and bath, fZO; also 3, $12; 3, 114.
HYDE 299— Large eunny rooms; will be fur-
tilshed complete for housekpg.; other rooms.
HOWARD, 728— Newly furnished housekeeping
rms.; reasonable; also single room. 16 month.
MOSS, 13 off Howard, between Sixth and
Seventh— 2 rooms furnlebed complete for
housekeeping. ' *
OAK. 123— For rent— Two housekeeping rooms,
¦with hot and cold water; bath.
, POLK, 1002-3 and 8 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: <1S up: reference.
' POLK. 10U. near Post— Furnished sunny alcove
room; kitchen; gas range.
SECOND, 212— Well- furnished housekeeping
roomE ; also other rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 242— Nice large sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms. _-
EIXTH, SS6 — Nice sunny furn. front room ajid
kitchen for housekeeping In a private family.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 furnished rooms; house-
kpg.; gaa etove. bath; warm belt; nr. depot.
VAN NESS. 2Z2 — Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements .and
. subscriptions has been - established - at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; . polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach. -
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE.M48 Sixth— Rooms,
I5c to $1 per night; Jl 25 to 15 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. I
A— MARKET, ' 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
{15 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BAIITLETT, 238 — FurnUhed rooms, private
family; gentlemen preferred." •!
BURKETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; .also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 7S2— New, elegant rooms, BUlts and sin-
gle; 12.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
FOLSOM, 1123 — Nice sunny front room In ¦ pri-
vate family.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HAWTHORNE, 172, nr. Harrison— Sunny me-
dium-sized room for gent; reasonable; refs.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New, building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened; strictly first class a.nd up-to-date
In all appointments; inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO-Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 1063— Rooms, double and single;
electric lights.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METBOPOLE, 6 Turk. cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 60c to ?3 per day.
O'FARRELL. 20^-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day; week, mo.
PERRY, 1S2— Four sunny rooms and bath; ?12.
POLK, 6i53— Sunny suite and 2 other rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
I?: month. fS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rpoms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Anartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottington— Few, choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
TEHAMA— 1 unfurnished room; cheap. Inquire
81 Fourth, spectacle stand; 9 to 5 p. m.
THE Crocker. 915 Laavenworth — Fine sunny,
room?, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valercla tt. ¦ '
SOOJ1S AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke. SOS Bush— Xew house: newly
furnished: suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment: elevator ser-
c vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
* ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
VALEXCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St.. Mls-
slon warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable rates; cars pass the door.
PIXE. 1006 (The Victor)— New— management;
thoroughly renov.: sunny suites, with board.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished EUites or single, with board.
EDDY. SSO, bet. Van Nesa and Franklin—
Handsomely furn. sunny rooms, with board.
HOTEL Repelier, Til Sutter— Newly furn. ;
excellent table ; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room with Spanish-speaking
people near Call. Box 4235. Call office.
UNFURNISHED room: rent not to exceed $4
month; near Call building. Box 4244. Call.
r SPECIAL NOTICES.- ' •*"
NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1900:
Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevlll, age
S years. ¦ »
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery tt.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even. : phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES."
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 5713. -
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S40 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. <
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et. : phone Jackson 281.
typewriters and supplies.
gr^at^bargain¥Tn~typewriters— w7
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. {3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California ; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for Jl week
and have your work in ' sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgmry; tel. Black 4885.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DrvToiExrT'mjUre^MdMid^^^
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
day, June 10. 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Consolidated — A dividend, No. 30, of
eeventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California st., San Francisco, on
June 10. 1901; transfer books clone June 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison, San Quentin, until
10:30 a. m., Saturdav, the lath day of June,
1901, and at the office of the clerk at the
State Prison at Folacm, until 9:30 a. m.,
Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places they will be opened in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur-
nishing power to run the Jute mill at San
Quentln, clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,
to June 30, 1902, inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be considered unless made
upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
in the classes of articles to I be . furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of tbe amount of his bid.' payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into
2, contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for either prison must
be marked separately. All payments made
on contracts will be paid In cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under the
amount specified. R. M. FITZGERALD,
president; F. -W. REYNOLDS, acting clerk.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco. Cal., up to W;30 o'clock a. m.;
SATURDAY, June 8, l»01, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bld-
' ders. for furnishing and' delivering quarter-
roaster and commissary . supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
ticn Tountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1801, and ending December 8L1901.
Schedules with information . and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication, by the undersigned.. 'Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules and no bid will be considered unless it li
, - in accordance with euch schedules.. Each bid-
der mvst accompany his r bid with ' a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
. banking house for at least 10 per cent of. the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
- Klnne, > treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
- notice of acceptance as required by law. ,The
board reserves the right to. reject any or all
, bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. W«wwij«^ft3|3»jpwrwgr'
¦ Address J. J. SCOVTIXE, Secretary Board
of • Directors of the , Veterans' ~. Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, S20 Sansome st.', . San ' Fran-
¦ Cisco, Cal. ¦-. By order of ' the ¦ Board : of Direc-"
, tonr. :-,' J.~ J. ; SCO VILLE. Secretary. -
MAERIAQE LICENSES.
' The following marriage licenses' were Issued
yesterday:
George W. Renish, 35, • 80 : Ninth Btreet, and
Jeanne Simpson, 33. 231 Oak.street-- •
• August Carp, 25, Point Arena, and Hllma L.
Indola, . 30, Point Arena. ' ' .' ' ¦
John J. Jennings, SO, San Jose, and Georgie
M. Brown, 19, San Jose. .
Cordell C. Carroll. 24, 108 Sixth street, and
Mary L. Bauer, . 22, " 775 Mission street. - ¦
John D. O'Brien, 34, 1103. Folsom street, and
Ellen ¦ Demosey, 27, 627 Ivy avenue. ,
Joseph Gaffney, 40, "Vallejo, and Marian Tea-
ney, 38, 1103 Kentucky street. . " ¦
Henry W. Klein, j 24, 118 P street, Seuth San
Francisco, and. Annie .„. Slmen, 19, - 1718Vi
Eleventh avenue south.- ¦ ¦
George ¦ F. Daveggio, 19, 124 Landers atreet,
and Carrie I. Regan. 20, 111 Landers street.
. BIRTHS— MARRIABES—flMT_T~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*.
indorsed with the name and residence .jf per.
sons authorized to have the same published. I 1
. MARRIED.
DEXTER— WALKEY— In' Honolulu. T. H.,
May 22, 1901, Reuben Arthur Dexter and Mar-
garet Armstrong Walkey.
HARRISON— MAGEE— In . this city, June 6,
19C1. by the Right Rev. William Hall More-
land, D.D.. Bishop of Sacramento, James
Hunter Harrison and Maude Kathleen Magee.
STUTER— JUNGMANN— In this city, June 6,
1901, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Peter Stu-
ter and Salome Jungmann. , ,' "
___________
Ahearn, Ann Kerrigan, Maria
Argall. Elizabeth Koster, Harry W." P.
Burns, William F. Leffler, Mrs. Susanna
. Charland, John B. ' Lepretre, Eugene
Cloke, Thomas O'Donnell. Thos. P.
Cushing, Catherine O'Neill, Margaret
Dewey, Mary A. Palmieri, Egisto C.
Eichholz. Louis A. Parker, Arthur /
Ferle, Colonel Joseph Ryan, Ellen
Gaffney, Annie Smith. Jeremiah
Garrett, Francis G. Steinhart, May F.
Gately, Delia Tilton, Juliet
Herzog, Alfred H. ' Van Alstine, Alonzo
Kehres, Mary Verburg, Andrew "
AHEARN— In this city, June 6, 1901, Ann,
widow ot the late P. Ahearn, and beloved
mother of j John F., Joseph W. and Mary E.
, Ahearn, a native of County Clare, Ireland.
CyThe funeral will take- place this day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, f rom - her late
residence, 65 Boardman street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
. will- be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ARGALL— In this city. June 7,' 1901, Elizabeth
Argall, widow ' of the late John Argall, a
native of Shepton Mallet, Somersetshire,
England, aged 79 years.
ICTFuneral to-morrow (Sunday), at ' 2
o'clock, from 62$ Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment private.
BURNS— In this city, June 7, 1901, William F.,
beloved son of John and Bridget Burns, and
brother of Bessie and Joseph Burns, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 7
days. • . . • .
CHARLAND— In this city, June 5, 1901, John
B. Charland, a native of. Quebec. Canada,
aged C7 years and 11 months. (Richmond,
province' of Quebec, • papers please copy.)
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1646 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLOKE— In Berkeley, June 6, 1901. Thomas
Cloke, beloved father of Mrs. M. D. Hickey,
and grandfather of Don and Louis Hickey,
a native of County Wexford. Ireland, aged 74
/ years. (New York papers please copy.)
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 10, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2433 Durant avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Berkeley, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul,, commencing at 9:30 o'clock." In-'
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUSHING— In this city, June 6, 1901, at Our
Ladies' Home. Catherine Cushing, a ! native
of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, ' where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
¦ the reDoee of her soul, commencing at , t
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
DEWEY— In Fruitvale. June ' 7, 1901, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of E. M. Dewey, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 84 years 10 months
and £2 days. . - ' ,
EICHHOLZ— In this city, June 7. 1901, Loul3
A. Eichholz, son of Charles G. and Addle R.'
Eichholz, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 3 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
. fully invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow -
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 24 Glover street.
FERLE— In Vienna, Austria, March 22, 1901,
Colonel Joseph Ferle, brother of Redentore
and Mateo Ferle and Frederica Parta. \
GAFFNEY— In this city. June 7. 1901, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Thomas Gaffney, and
mother of Mrs. J. Sampson, Mrs. J. Shackel-
ton and Patrick T. Gaffney, a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged 58 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Shackelton, 1314% Alaba-
ma street, thence to St. Peter's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARRETT— In this city, June 6, 1901, Francis
G. Garrett, beloved husband of Eliza Gar-
rett, ' brother of James Garrett, and father
of John. Richard and Thomas Garrett, Mrs.
R. M. Bevel and. the late Walter Garrett. a
native of London. England. , (Hamilton, On-
tario, papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from hiB late resi-
dnece, 24 Ritch street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church f*r services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
¦ GATELY— In this city, June 6a 1901. Delia
beloved wife of Thomas Gately, and loving
mother of Mrs. Frank • Nichols. William and
Thomas Gately and the late Jennie Rletow,
a native of Baltimore, Md. (Baltimore pa-
pers please copy.) . ¦
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), "at 1:30 o'clock, from the' resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Frank Nichols,
125 Welsh street, between Bryant and Bran-
nan, ' thence to St.' Rose's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEKZOG— In this city, June 7. 1901. . Alfred
Herbert, dearly beloved son of Joseph and
Auguste Herzog, and brother of Henry J.,
Bertha and Melville W. Herzog and Mrs.
Edward A. Cohn of Denver, Colo., a native
of San Francisco, aged 29 years 6 months
and 15 days. (Denver, Colo., and New York
papers please copy.) * , : . .•..*,
ify Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). At 10 o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 1615 Scott street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetexy, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Tow^isend streets. .
KERRIGAN— In this city, June 4. 1901. Maria,
bsloved wife of tbe late John Kerrigan, and
loving mother of Mrs. Jane E. Reagan and
Mrs. George B. Wilbur, a native of Ireland,
aged '88 years 2 months and 6 days.'
KEHRES— In Alameda, June 5, 1901,' Mary,'
beloved wife of Phillip Kehres, and mother
of W. H-, . John and P. Keh're», Sister Mary
. Gerald, Agnes Kehres and Mrs. F. Treat of
Oaklnnd, a native, of Ireland, aged 65 years.
, (^Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock,, from her -late resl-
i , dence, 1712 Arbor street, Alameda. Inter-
ment SW Mary's Cemetery. • - ,
1 KOSTER— In this city, June 6, 1901, Harry W.
P. • Ko»ter. beloved son of Henry and Mary
M. A. Koster, and brother of Henrietta Kos-
ter, a native of California, aged 1 year 11
. months and 19 days. ¦ • ¦ j. , -
LEFFLER— In Stockton, Cal., Mrs. Susanna
Leffler, beloved wife of I. V. Leffler, and
mother of W. H. E. and A. Leffler of Stock-
1 ton and Fred Leffler and Mrs. W. H. • King
of San Francisco, a. native of West Virginfk,
aged • 76 years and 1 month. " y
LEPRETRE— In the City and County Hospital,
• June .7, 1901. 'Eugene Lepretre, a native ot
France, aged 40 years.
, O'DONNELL-In this, city, June 6, 1901, '
p • Thomas P., beloved son of James, and the
j late Bridget O'Donnell, a native of New
York. - . , .
' cyThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from his late
residence, .842 Grove street,' thence to Sacred
Heart ¦ Church, where a mass will be | cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock
, . Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In Oakland, June 7, 1901, Margaret, •
: beloved wife of the late William ¦• O'Neill.
! mother -of Mary, Francis^'and- William .J.
O'Neill,- and sister of Mrs. Michael Curtli
and the late Mrs. Mary D. Mathews and
Mrs! John Kearney, a native, of Ireland,
aged 70 years 5 months and 19 days. . .
. (E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the > funeral Monday,
June 10, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1087 Fifty-eighth street, thence to St.
'Columba's Church, where a solemn requiem
' high mass ' will be ' celebrated for the 1 repose
...of her soul,, commencing at 10 o'clock.' In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery,' Oakland.
•PALMIERI— In this city, June 7, 1901, Egisto
C. Palmieri, .' beloved husband of Adelina
Palmieri, a native of Volterra, Italy, .aged
47 years. - ' - , . ' ' ¦¦..-.
¦ cy Funeral .services . to-morrow (Sunday)'-
at 1. o'clock, at King Solomon's Hall, Ma-
sonio Temple. Interment Italian Cemetery.
Please omit flowera. ' . . . ., ; r ; ,
; • HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO. v
, '' . • (Successor "to. Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEttS.
! • • - . 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. ."" ¦
¦ • Telephone ¦ South 80. " • ;• .
Eugene • McGinn. ... McGINN • BROS.
¦ , -; Funeral 'Directors and • Embalmers,' ,''
', f.'it; • 31 EDDY. STREET. .'Wi-fti*.
Telephone South 252.: ¦¦ . San' Francisco.'-
'¦ Nn Connection "With Any Other Home.'-' :
PARKER—In Menlo. Park, I May 31, 1901, Ar-
thur Parker, a native of England, aged 36
years. ._¦-•¦- " ,¦ . . -.''",.¦" •'.',¦.'.:¦"•'
RYAN—In: this city, June 7, 190l| Ellen, 'be-
loved wife of George»Ryan, and niece of
g Hanora .Kennedy.and Owen Meagan, a native
' of. Ireland, aged 42 . years; 5 '. months and ¦ 12
• 'days.- . ¦ ' ¦.--*¦:"'-. ¦' "¦ ' .' ¦. ; »¦' ¦• ¦ ....¦ ''
SMITH—Ini Meh-ose, June. 6,; 1901, .Jeremiah,
beloved husband of Etta Smith,: a native of
Rhode 'Island, aged 70 years 2 months and
16 days.' > • ¦-•-. ".' - . • ¦'¦£ ¦¦ - ...; \ -.':.
Ity The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday),'at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
, dence, corner Vlcksburg street and San Lean-
j dro avenue,' thence to connect 'with the • 12
o'clock creek boat for San Francisco. Inter-
ment Cynress I Lawn j Cemetery, San Mateo
County. :; .' . .S=C'¦'-'¦' ¦ •- '¦'•:. ¦
STEINHART—In this city, June 6, 1901, May
.• F., beloved wife of Ignatz . Steinhart, . and
- sister of Joseph Friedlander, aged 42 years
8 months and 10 days. ., . * >
¦ Ityihe funeral will ¦ take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 916 Sutter street; ; Interment Home of
¦Peace ' Cemetery, by .special • train leaving
«'Thlrd and Townaend streets ' at : 11 o 1 clock.
¦Services and Interment private. ¦ Please omit
• flowers. • ¦' • , '; * ' ' '. « .= 1
TILTON—In this: city,' June '5, 190V Juliet,
i beloved wife of I the late Joseph R. Tilto»,
and mother of , George, Dow, . Noah, Emma
and John I Tilton, a native of Dayton, Ohio,
aged 'i3 years and 10 months. (Dayton, Ohio,
papers please copy.) „. v "* r . ' •.. •¦ i .•
1 CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from .her late resi-
dence, 2619% Harrison street, between Twen- •
ty-second and Twenty-third. 'Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery., J ' . • ;
VAN ALSTINE—In Oakland, June'7," 1901, Al-
onzo, beloved husband of Caroline Van Al-
stine, and father of Harry and Edward Van
Alstine. '•a native of Michigan,, aged 54 years
¦ 4 months and 27 days. .' ¦: -,......-,,
VERBURG—In Oakland, June 7, 1901, Andrew.
• beloved husband of Mary A. Verburg, a na-
tive of Holland, aged 63 years ,4 months and
17 days. ¦ 'i- ¦ -¦¦>..¦:..¦¦ -¦.-¦:¦'.;.. -:•-.'¦. ¦. j
'
l
I
1
1
'
I
'
:EXPOSITION FILJPINOS LANDED.—Sev
enty-eight Filipinos going to Mils I Pan-Ameri
can Exposition at Buffalo, N. T., were. landed
yesterday by United States Immigration' Com-,,
mlssloner North.
McDonnell Pleads Not Guilty.
George T. McDonnell, indicted i for man
ufacturing and having In his possession
counterfeiting molds, appeared In the
United States District Court yesterday
and pleaded not guilty. His trial was set
for June 13. ' • ¦ • •- . '
.Why endure tortured from fleas when you can
get rid of them by using Searby's "Fleas-Must-
Go?" 400 Sutter street. . • ;
A. H. Lundborg Missing.
George C. Shurtleff called at the Coro
ner's office yesterday and reported - that
A. H. -Lundborg of 733 O'Farrell street, an
employe of Sherman •& Clay, had left the
house suddenly two weeks ago and had
not been seen by his . friends since.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
• Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay st., near Powell. •
To-Day'sNews Letter.
•This week's "News Letter is as full of
news and Interest as an egg of meat.
From cover to cover there is not a dull
line. The "Looker On" Is especially long
and replete with new stories on the things
and people of the week. "Mere Gossip "
by Betsie : Bird. - furnishes a full . pag-e of
society news that reads like fiction. "Ella
Wilier Wheelcox" has a poem on love
and a touching discourse on prizefighting.
Robert McTavIsh has contributed a
budget of streetcar stories and the satir
ical .wit of the "Town Crier" is above par.
Jasper AI-'Donald has a Hm el- open let
ter on Golden Gale Park and Mr. Gar
nett'js. 1 dramatic criticism is up to- its
usual high "standard. , •
. Another instance of the lax methods em
ployed in the office of the City Treasurer
was uncovered yesterday by. Auditor
Wells. That official ascertained that a
demand of the Hermann Safe Company
calling for $374.50 was . paid by Deputy
Treasurer, Reis without ' being counter
sighed, though" the "charter provides that
no demands shall be paid by the Treasurer
unless audited by the Auditor.
The demand was d^awn on the fund for
"Subsistence of Prisoners," though the
"work done by the safe company consisted
of putting in a lining in the vault In
stalled in the Sheriff's office. When the
demand was presented to .the Auditor a
week ago he declined to audit it, as it was
drawn by the Board of Public Works on
the wrong fund. Wells said he could only
audit the demand out of the maintenance
fund, ' which is exhausted. The demand
was returned without • approval \ to the
Board of Public . Works, under N whose
supervision the work was done. That
board turned the demand over to Sheriff
Lackmann, who gave it to a representative
of the safe company with the advice -that
he Bee the Auditor with a view to per
suading him to sign the demand. Instead
of taking the advice the representative
presented the demand ; - to > Paying Teller
Reis and received his money.
* Auditor Wells has not yet decided what
he will do in the premises, but he promises
to.' devise some plan to help the Treas
.urer's office : out of its- dilemma. The
Auditor refers to another Instance of care
lessness when -a demand for $20, „ signed
by the foreman of the Grand Jury, was
paid without | question, though the Su
pervisors should have countersigned it.
' People • who • have demands for bail
moneys are still unable- to cash them. The
Auditor, has been pestered with a number
of-holders to. sign .the demands, but/act
ingr under the advice of his attorney, he
refuses to have anything to do with them.
In return for the annoyance to which he
has been subjected . "Wells refers the ap
plicants to the Mayor, and the latter's
office has been besieged by a small army
of people who want their bail money back.
The Auditor takes 'exception to the
Treasurer making no return to his office
regarding the commissions on collateral
inheritance tax collection, which the State
law says shall go to the Treasurer. The
collections, according- •• to Treasurer De
Greayer, amount to $62,048.17, of which
$2748.79 is now deposited In the vault as a
special fund until the Supreme Court shall
decide if a city official is entitled toffees
outside of his salary. De Greayer; says
that the city has nothing to do with the
commissions. " it being a matter between
Treasurer Brooks and the State. He says
the polltax commissions, amounting to
$29,365.05. are -in a different category and
return thereof Is made to the Auditor.
Assessor Dodge will be richer by the last
ran.'ed sum if the court holds in his fa
vor. •' ..... ¦ ¦¦
The Holders of Olaims for
Bail Money Cannot
dash Them.
Auditor Says Demand
Was Paid -Without '.. : .
His Signature.
TREASURY CLERK
IS NOT CAREFUL
i • .Verus cures piles, or ' $50 > rewardJ x. For.
sale by all druggist*. - -'l*. :
'¦"¦ ¦', " .-, ¦ •¦ ,. V '¦-.-. . :' :¦ - -¦-• ¦ ' ' •.
Kelly May : B« Insane.
. i Thomas ; Kelly,"' 1 . who '-was ' arrested early.
Tuesday morning; In; a closet in the resi
dence :of #William:'A.7Folger, 2148 Union
; street, .' and ' charged* with burglary,; ap
.; peared • before - Judge * Cabaniss yesterday.
His actions ; were so queer that the Judge
" ordered •¦ him ='j sent ',, before -" the ' Insanity
I Commissioners i for * examination. At ' the
time , Kelly/ was * arrested .by - Policeman
• L Tierney ; he said ; he • had taken ¦ refuge in
E the closet from I enemies who- were pursu
:; ing him to kill him.p.f.^
Boas Learned to Sox.
Judah Boas must pay Julian R. Brandon
$60, the* price r of .thirty, boxing- lessons, for
•which > he contracted/ though i he . deemed
himself well versed'in the manly art after
having taken ¦ eight ; lessons, when ', ho re
pudiated the ¦ contract, -i Boas . offeroi to
pay - $16 ¦ for the . eight lessons, but Bran
don • wanted < $60 ; and sued for .: the same.
Judge Troutt^held yesterday that Boas
must pay for, all the. lessons he contracted
for. - It • is now. probable that ¦ Judah will
decide that . he I needs more Instruction in
the art of self-defense and will take the
full dose he originally agreed. to^ .> • - :
ing a hardship on the mechanics of the Pa
cific Coast; that thaVwprk now doing > at the
Mare; Island.. Navy V,Tfard .Us . drawing- to a
close, and within.- a short time the working
force at. the said 'yard' will have to be ma
terially reduced; .'therefore, the Chamber of
Commerce of the 'city {of .-. Vallejo have
Resolved, That we -'most > respectfully, call
the attention of * the Honorable the Secretary
of the Navy to the fact, that the Mare Island
Navy Yard is , now short of work and it is
necessary to send, some of the first' and sec
ond class , ships to Mare Island '. Navy Yard
for repairs, and that we most respectfully call
the attention ¦ of the Honorable the • Secretary
of the Ndvy'to-tne availability of the Mare
Island Navy Yard to cheaply and quickly re
pair the ships of the Asiatic fleet; and fur
ther , . ¦¦ ¦; ••'."¦
Resolved, That we most respectfully' petition
the Honorable the Secretary of the Navy to;
have the Brooklyn, now at Sydney/ordered to
the Mare Island Navy Yard for repairs; and
further . ' 1 '. .- . <
Resolved,' ' That . we hereby earnestly . request
the co-operation of the California delegation In
Congress to ¦ the foregoing petition. - '
.(Attest) THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
' OF THE CITY OF VALLEJO.
(Signed) FRANK R. DEVLIN, President."
- GEORGE J. CAMPBELL. JR.. Secretary. <j
" Whereas. The Mare Island Navy Yard is to
day one . of the ¦ best - equipped yards in . the
.United States, and 'is now prepared to build
ships or to repair them for less money than
they can be repaired | for elsewhere , by con
tract, and give a better quality of work, and
It has been stated that Mare Island Navy Tard
cannot handle the repair 'work "on" the trans
ports for lack of men and facilities; I that the
War Department- having asked the Navy De
partment to have the Mare Island Navy ¦ Tard
bid on the repair work on the transports Sheri
dan and Sherman, and 1 the Mare Island; Navy
Tard having '. bid , on the • repairs of i the- said
transports, -did- bid to make the repairs for
less morey than the contractors bid. on '• the
Fame; the .War Department gave the - contract
for repairs • of the said transports to the con
tractors at a greater price than .was asked by
the Mare Island mechanics ' and ' allowed • them
a greater length ¦¦ of time than I was asked by
the . Mare Island mechanics, • and ' the work - on
one of the transports is now being delayed by
the contractors on account of the: strike in
MUST PEOVIDE. BETTER . \
FENDERS , FOB. THE \ CARS
I The Supervisors' 'Judiciary " Committee
recommended yesterday the -passage of
anv ordinance repealing \ all, ordinances ' in
force' compelling "the | equipment of; cars
and dummies "with v fenders and brakes.
This will'- permit the' State law to govern
with regard to , brakes and fenders. '"¦ The
Beard of -Public .Works, was also instruct
ed to investigate how .far the present or
dinances are being, complied with. v
j The difficulty £ wlth the" city ordinances
Is that the companies are allowed to use
fenders sanctioned . by the Board of Su
pervisors. * This was used as a defense in
all ' cases where X people -^injured • by the
cars , sued for damages. ; '\ O '«•'¦
; The, repeal 'of the ' ordinances will: com
pel the street railroad companies to prove
that their cars ' are provided -with a j good
and 'sufficient > fender as provided - by ' the
State law. Jere T. Burke of the Market
Street . Railway Company asked' that - ac
tion be ¦ postponed ¦ for sixty : days, until
data, could be' obtained as .to the best
fender used in the United States.. Burke
agreed to '-" compile information ¦ with a
view -to . determining. , the "relative: merits
of fenders -and- brakes .in general.'. If .It
should be found that " safer.- fenders and
brakes are in use' in other cities than ' this
Burke said that,' it was the 'duty ; of Hhe
Supervisors to see that they were adopted
here.- Burke objected. to. setting aside: the
fenders and • brakes used- by. his company,
without . good reason/ • The committee,
however, took a - different view, of ;.the
matter,' and : took the action mentioned. - ;.
San Francisco; and " •
Wherers The working force on Mare Island
?£Z yf d ,w°. W belnfe 160 ° men - and the >-*rd
ready at all times to give employment to 4000
men; the Chamber of Commerce of
the city of Vallejo have . ?
a w CE ?L Ved c ¦ Thfct the attention of the Honor
able the Secretary of War be called to the
facts herein sUied. and that we most re-
Fpectfully petition him to divert the repair
work- on the to the Mare 'Island
•m T K Y 2 rd " wh . ere satd w «>rk can be done and
will be done cheaply and expeditlously.
(Attest) . THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
¦ GEORGE J. CAMPBELL JR., Secretary!
The Chamber of. Commerce of the city
of Vallejo is taking active steps to secure
the 'work of repairs on ships of the navy
for the workmen of the Mare Island
Navy Yard. It is claimed -by the. Cham
ber of Commerce that Influence has been
brought to • bear so that | repair work
which should come to Mare Island Navy
Yard is diverted to Eastern yards.
The attention . of the Secretary of the
Navy was called to -the -facilities of the
Mare Island yard when . that • official "was
here and a new board of yards and docks
was appointed to adjust 4lie differences
that exist between the Government and
the contractors for the new docks at Val
lejo, as the dispute has retarded the con
struction of the docks. " - ; '•. :
Yesterday the Chamber of Commerce
of Vallejo forwarded resolutions > to -the
Secretaries of the i Navy and -War De
partments, asking that, ships now home
ward bound be sent to the navy yard at
Mare Island for repairs./ ¦ . •
The California delegation- in Congress
has also been asked to take steps in the
matter, 1 and each member has received a
copy of the resolutions, which are as
follows: • ' : :
•Whereas, ' The Navy Department had' order
ed the • Baltimore, Newark, I Olympia, Cincin
nati and the Brooklyn, to the Mare Island
Navy Yard, which orders were subsequently
revoked and said ships sent ¦ to the . Eastern
yards for repairs: and : ....-¦. . ¦•¦-•. ¦
Whereas, The Mare - Island * Navy Tard Is - a
first-class yard, and is as fully equipped j to
build and repair ships as : anv • other, yard In
the United States..- That the -quality .of. the
new work and the repair 'work done at said
yard is second to none in the United States,
as the records of the Navy Department ¦will
show; also that the work is done cheaper
and better at the Mare Island Navy Yard than
it . is done in any other, yard in i the United
States: and
Whereas. The Navy Department's policy of
sending only third - and fourth I class ships to
Mare Island Navy Yard for repairs is work-
City Attorney Lane advises the Mayor
In answer to a Question whether the ob
ligation for work done in any fiscal year
is assumed prior to the letting of a'con
tract that no obligation arises prior to
the letting of the contract. The issuance
of a notice calling for bids at this time
would not fix the liability against the
funds of this year if the contract la
awarded in the next fiscal year.
Obligation of a Contract.
CHRISTIAN
.WHO ARE ARRANGING FOR
THE CONVENTION.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF VALLEJO
CHAMPIONS MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD
••Minister "Wu Ting Fang at "Washington
and Consul General H« Yow at San Fran
cisco played a* diplomatic game of whist
a few days ago, and 1 , now they want to
renege. '. '
Customs Collector Stratton received a
telegram May 31 from the Secretary of
the Treasury to land and extend, the of
ficial courtesies, to three Chinese dignita
ries who arrived on the City of 'Peking.
Ho Yow in his official robes went to the
Mail, dock and'took the distinguished
gentlemen to the consulate in a carriage.
They were Su Shih Chin, a bachelor of
arts from 'the Peking University: Loo
Chin An, a Taotal or Deputy Commis
sioner of Commerce, and Siep Sung Yung,
a law graduate of the University of Tien
tsin. It was represented that these gen
tlemen had been commissioned by the
Chinese Government to study "Western
commerce, finances and , civilization gen
erally.'.' \'~'i\
The gentlemen had not been long on
American soil before a Chinese newspaper
announced that ;they were revolutionists
and rebels against the Government of
China and that they nad come hither un
der false representations.
Then Ho Yow filed with the Collector
the following protest:
Last week three Chinese named respectively
Su Shih Chin, designated. I believe, as trav
eler Loo Chin An and Slep Sung Tung, ar
rived here on the steamship Peking holding
alleged certificates or passports purporting to
have been issued to them by Chinese authorl-
We at that time, j thinking them bona flde
Chinese officials, made representations to the
State and Treasury Departments In Washing
ton D. C. through our Minister, on their be
half to , facilitate their., landing, and instruc
tions were accordingly sent you by the Treas
ury Department to land them as Chinese offl
° On : examining Into their cases we have found
that -at least one of« them, the above named
Su Shih, Chin, la not a bona flde Chinese offi
cial nor as he was designated in the passport
which he 'holds;' so we beg to: withdraw our
statements . or representations : on his behalf
entirely - and. further : make the following
charges" against him and his right to be ad
mitted into or stay in the United States. He
obtained his passport, even If it were genuine,
by fraud and : misrepresentation. His papers
or passport are irregular, illegal and not gen
uine He has " misrepresented himself to us.
He obtained his landing or admittance to the
¦United States by fraud and misrepresentation.
He is not what he is ' represented or signified
to be in -his papers. He is now Illegally In
this . country • (especially after we have with
drawn our • vouch ' for him) and ought ¦ to at
once be subjected to the law.'
In conclusion , I have to ask you to at once
consider and investigate these charges and to
take him under your custody pending his full
examination. I' hear his papers or passports
are now in '¦ your ' hands, and ¦ I ¦' must i respect
fully request that they should not be given "to
him until his case and right thereto have been
thoroughly Investigated, or^ hold •them as evl-
Should : you * decide • the case , and charges, or
any part thereof. In his favor, I beg and claim
the - privilege ¦, of appealing ¦¦ the whole case to
the Treasury Department , In "Washington, D.
C and hope you will then send It up there,
together with my charges and all other evi
dences. Tours respectfully." , HO TOW.
H. I. C. M.'s Consul General.
Collector* Stratton, says that the new
arrivals are. gentlemen and scholars and
entitled to land either as tourists or stu
dents. He refuses to surrender their pass
ports to the Chinese Consul General or to
any one other .than ; the revolutionists
themselves. ¦¦«.-.;- - ¦ k " - ;V , , \
Takes Back Good Words
Said for Three.
: \ [Tourists.
MINISTER WU
SCENTS TREASON
The ICational Association of Railroad
Commissioners was in session all yester
day and wound up all its business before
adjourning. Lengthy reports were read,
the annual election of officers held and
Charleston. S. C. selected. as the meeting
place, the next session to be held in Feb
ruary, 1901' '."'*.¦
The most important report presented at
the morning session yesterday was one on
legislation, which declared that the State
Railroad Commissioners have not the
power "of protective railway legislation,"
but that relief must come from Congress.
The report favors the Cullom bill, or some
measure that will have the same effect.
The document that the committee pre
sented shows clearly that there is a de-
Eire on the part of the Commissioners to
curb the power of the railroads. The re
port follows:
The Question must find its way to the floor
of Congress. There it has never yet been dis
posed of. Ultimately it will be, one way or
the other. The relief measure last proposed,
or the better understood so-styled Cullom bill,
was never considered outside • of committee.'
Though adversely reported, it received subse
quently more favorable consideration when' It
•was allotted a place on the calendar. There
It rested, failing, as did a vast deal of other
important legislation, with the close of the
recent Congress. ¦ ". .» »
Recommends Cullom Bill.
Tour committee would recommend' that this
bill, or some measure akin to it, be suggested
to the Fifty-seventh Congress, and ¦- in that
connection begs leave to submit the following
resolution: .
Resolved. That the Congress be . earnestly
urged to the prompt enactment of appropriate
and essential legislation to forbid the charge
or receipt of unreasonable or greater compen
cation lor the transportation of passengers or
property over a chorter than a longer haul: to
provide, for the proper and more satisfactory
posting and publication of tariffs showing the
rates, fares, terminal charges, and joint rates
charged for interstate transportation, as well
•within our borders as beyond them, and to
more fully and specifiically declare against un
just discrimination, rebates and other devices
that would avoid the published rates and
schedules, and to penalize such offenses; to
eloihe the Interstate Commerce Commission
with power and authority to establish a na
tional freight classification and • permit it to
alter and amend it when required, and to fix
also maximum, minimum and differential
charges, when its judgments need to be so
perfected. -
Resolved. That while urging action on the
several subjects upon which protective Ieglsla~
tion appears to be most required, the conven
tion would particularly direct attention to the
methods of enforcement, arrangement, expres
sion and incidentals substantially and fully
prescribed and set out specifically 1 and in de
tail in the measure submitted to the Senate
at the fii-rt session of the Fifty-sixth Con
gress, known to and accepted by the pubUc
as the Cullom bill.
Resolved, That copies* of this 'report and
resolution be transmitted to the president of
the Senate and the Speaker of the Houset of
ItepresentatlvftF. * *
JAMES "W. LATTA. Chairman.
CHARLES A. PROUTT.
FRANK M. BAKER.
JONATHAN ROSS,
FRAXKUN McNEIL^.
James W. Latta of Pennsylvania, chair
man of the committee, said the report,
was practically a unanimous one and he
licped that it would show that there was
a desire on the part of the committee to
pclnt out a way by which there could be
harmony between the commercial inter
ests and the -railways. The report was
adopted.
The report of the committee on safety
appliances was shelved. The report was
aimed at the Baltimore and Ohio South
western Railway and was as follows:
Imperfect Couplers.
Whereas, As an accident occurred to a
switchman on the 24th day of November, 1900.
on the Baltimore 'and Ohio Southwestern Rail
way, said road being engaged in interstate traf
fic, because one of its trainmen was required to
make a coupling between cars used in inter
ftate traffic, which were equipped with im
perfect and defective couplers ; said care
Fhould have been equipped with couplers
ooupling automatically, under the law; now,
therefore, bs It
Resolved by the Railway Commissioners of
the several States of the Union, in convention
Assembled in the city of San Francisco, That
they request the Interstate Commerce Commis
eion to exercise the power vested In It by law
to require the said Baltimore and Ohio South
western Railway to show cause, at a date and
time to be fixed by said commission, why it
•was haulins cars upon the line of its road
that require a switchman toico between and
eouple i-aid oars, in contravention of the Ian
on safety appliances; and be it further
Resolved. That on the fact being developed
during the investigation of said accident by
the Interstate Commerce Commission, that
raid Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern Rail
way has a large number of cars . equipped
¦with couplers which make it necessary for its
switchmen to eo between the cars to couple
or uncouple the same, then' the . Interstate
Commerce Commission is, by virtue of this
resolution, requested to require said railway
to show cause why it has not equipped its
cars with such coupling devices as would
more nearly comply with the law.
Cicero J. Lindley of Illinois was re
elected president by acclamation.' The
otl»r officers elected are: Vice president.
J. C. Wilborn of South Carolina; second
vice president. J. F. Chadbourne of
Maine: secretary, E. A. Moseley, and as
sistant secretary. J. Decker.
The excursion to Mount Tamalpais will
take place this morning. The Railroad
Commissioners and their wives will cross
the bay on the steamer San Pablo and
the other guests will take the regular
Scusalito steamer. After luncheon on the
summit of the mountain the party will
return to the city. In the evening the
Railroad Commissioners will be tendered
a. banquet at the Palace Hotel.
The convention adjourned last evening
but before doing so resolutions were
passed expressing thanks to the railroad
companies for the transportation and
train service that had been furnished.
Elect Officers for the Ensuing
Year and Close ;A11
Business. :, . *
Commissioners Recom
mend Passage of the
CullomBill.
DESIRE TO CURB
RAILROAD POWER
PLANNING FOR A GREAT GATHERING
OF STATE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
Programme Practically Completed -and Everything Ready for Meeting
in Santa Ana That It Is Hoped Will Be Second Orily to the Big
Convention -of EWorld's Endeavorers that Met Here Four Years Ago
THE SANr FRANCISCO CALL, SATUED^Y-i^UNE; 8, 190i;
The music of the convention has been
receiving special attention. In addition
to the usual large choir of trained voices
the orchestra'of the First Congregational
.Church of Los "Angeles, consisting- of
thirty members, will be in attendance at
all the sessions andat a grand sacred con
cert Sunday afternoon, June. 16, when it
¦ will musically illustrate ."The Incidents in
\ the Life of Christ." A. Horatio Cogswell
of Berkeley, who has been received so
tavorably by audiences in the college
town, appears a number of times on the
programme, as does also Miss Katharine
Stockton of New York, a prominent con
tralto'soloist.
THE Christian Endeavorers of Cal
ifornia are leaving: nothing that
will add to the interest or fame
of the convention^ to be held in
Santa Ana, beginning next. week',
undone or unplanned. It Is hoped almost
to make it compare with the immense
gat he ring of the world's Endeavorers that
toet In this city in 1897. . • . -
¦ A complete programme for every day of
the convention has been prepared and all
the little details that mean' nothing' in
themselves, but are so essential In. achiev
ing the general result, have been taken in
charge by committees that have worked
14
The Endeavorers convenient to San
Francisco have chartered a special train,
which will go over the coast road by way
of Niles and San Jose, leaving the foot of
Market street at 8 o'clock Tuesday, June
12. Tickets for the round trip will be $16,
good . to • return by way of Bakersfield if
preferred. George P. Lowell, the State
transportation manager, has been doing
most effective work during the past few
months in securing delegations from vari
ous districts, and from present indications
there will be four or five hundred in this
party. An organ and a supply of song
books specially prepared for the conven
tion will be taken along and a regular
programme for meetings ¦ on the train. has
been prepared by E. C. L»yon of Oakland.
All the. privileges of the . convention are
freely given to the public, - who are in
vited to come along and enjoy the trip.
Particulars in regard to the convention
will be -furnished at Christian Endeavor
headquarters, 429 Montgomery street.
as committees of that kind do not often
•work. • The programme .has been the spe
cial care of JIM. "Warren of "Santa Bar
bara. '...'.'¦
Rev. Dr. Charles A. Dickinson of Sacra
mento will preach the convention sermon,
and Dr. Clark of the Willlston Church of
Portland, Me., will also address the body.
The AVilllston Church is where the first
Christian Endeavor Society was formed.
The general theme - of . the convention
will be "Christ Perfection," and it is
hoped the discussion of it will develop the
evangelistic' and missionary spirit which
has characterized the work, of many, of
the leading societies recently. Rev. Rich
ard TJader, a native of Sweden, who has
been, associated with 'Prince Bernarelotte,
the second son of King Oscar of Sweden,
and assisted at some of the large meet-
ings conducted by. Mr. Moody, will be
present, and. also Rev. S. E. TVishard,
D.D., of Utah.
LUSTRE a WFFETA M H W%Vf LUSTKE TAFFETA
I9c Yard. 1 iT^pOS '°c Vard.
ah colors.. ( C^\mm HlW a" c ° io ™-
THIS WILL BE A DAY OF/
#ONDERFUL BARGAINS
Women's Muslin Underwear. Random Specials. ¦
. $1.25 NIGHT • GOWNS, three different Balance of our • "WOMEN'S ! FLANNEI*-
.. styles, trimmed with embroideries, lnser- ETTE WRAPPERS; " ;Gray >iq-
tions, laces and hemstitchlngrs; *5TQ/» only; $1.25 quality; on sale..;.,. T^Ow
on Bale to-day. ...-.:....'...¦ ,.... • Ow , , ¦" All-sizes. ¦¦ S -, '
N^T or G ?^hc^^ m el tB UtT a^ W t Covert^Cloth
• broidery or -lace, worth 65c; on A<\r ¦ i? ver8klrU - : yorth. $1.20, at......; YRc
sale at .............................. lOv ......................................... C U^
$1.60 NIGHT GOWNS. large sailor collar. .¦'¦:.'. *. AU CO"".
made of fine materials, beautifully trim- HE5AVT - CRASH ¦"¦ OVBRSKTltTS. wld»'
med with embroideries and In- QQr> 1 flare, trimmed with braids, good CbES*+
sertions, flve styles; on sale.... vOv I $L50. value; on sale....;..........; COW
ll/AMtA n ) M n.*..t*.* ¦' . /Justi about 20 dozen WOMEN'S WRAP-
womsn s urawerSi pers ien ° f the kind we naa ° n
'.-JJa ••«""-» •» uimhwiwi i--j, thaother day. -made, of best Percale.
Made of good muslin, 25c quality; f BC/» neatly ; trimmed • with linen laces, waist .
; on sale itJW ' and sleeves lined, worth $2; «I» if | K
-HEMSTITCHED DRAWERS. 35c QOr 1 ¦ a « aln on sale...........'......." OltlU
• quality; on sale...:...... / / . ,-' . ¦. \ :\ '
DRAWERS. : tucked; 'and trimmed with* ' Specials Taken From -X
. embroidery or. Torchon lace; on OS/« .. . "• ¦ ¦ « * - : ' ¦ r^- - '- v v^*" '
p^^iSsli^£ Hosiery and ; forset : Dep?rf mant,
¦ «lSb!55;5- t ™ k :uf?:?:!!f.""?:35c _- these prices for to-davoniv.
Children's' Muslin Drawers, pair.:.. Q/-» WOMEN'S HERMSDORP DTE. fast black,
........:.....•.. ". Ow . _ full finish HOSE, regular price ¦-. 1 f\/-*
¦•¦ • • - . 17c;^on sale, pair....... ........... lUv
• '¦'¦¦* . - - . ' Sa m pie Line of * women's black fancy, lace hose,
-.!!'•"'- : - - ; all sizes; : our; 45o quality; on OS,-.
Wnmeh'fi WflSfiffi "' sale, pair .......................... ,^OW
? ? UIllCU «» TT UlfelS. ; CHILDREN'S HKAVT RIBBED^ HOSE,
Made of -finest of : materials— about , 600 • of -sold all over at 25c; on sale, pair ; IS/*
them— all size. 38, worth $2, to $4' each; ; ...v...... 1«JV>
on 6ale to-day, 6Ckj on, the dollar. - QPJr» for a 1ONG,- MEDIUM or
..Women's Chambray Waists, front" and OOV^1« SHORT ? WAIST. CORSET,, reg-
..: back tucked . and hemstitched,- In Tans,- ular. price 75c; all sizes. •- ¦.-;¦.-/.
S-m"'*^ 6 "' and ," Plnks ' reg> >ftSC- -¦ iCI HO "for THOMPSON'S STRAIGHT
price- $1.50; -on;sale..:.-.. ........... </OW FRONT MILITARY COR-
i ,-, ; .,..-•• Sizes 32 to 44. , SET, : or for a French Corset made of best"
' . ¦','.! * J Nubian Sateen, .worth 11.50: all sizes. >.
• . Sale OT CHILDREN'S GRAY- or WHITE ' MERI- :
PhiNrnn'n llfkitn P!.,,. n.... v NO "VESTS' or PANTS, slightly soiled
i niiaren s wnits Pique Capes. ; r 5™ *£&**} ° n «?• to-day, \ 5 c
Trimmed "with three- ruffles of wide em-' l^^/\v^'yi^" : """l'"" r n" " , v »'•"
: broidery. . lined . , with Fleeced : White A reduction of 25 per cent on all our latest u
Our regular $5 PIQUE CAPES ;<tQ K A STflLL SELLING EMBROIDERIES AT
'. on sale' to-day jpOiOU HALF . REGULAR • PRICES. • ;-; -
V - OPEN TC-NIGHT tNTIL H O»CLOLK.
1212-^214 MARKET STREET,
." BETWEEN AND JONES.
- Hale'*.- •';.'-' -v ¦' ;lL :*v-It--vV .Hkle'svl
V^^y " NEW SUPPLY 4F
-^x^^^^ 2 5 C Veilings
/^^^^^^^^9 ; Jus * in bv express from New York.
W>jS§gg§|^gg|3g^ / . Fancy black tuxedo meshes, either plain or
V^^^ * dotted with chenille or velvet spots, chenille dot-
. .V||^. "^W/ te £ chiffon vcihiiKs. in black, white, black on
¦ \*5 ' V T ~^W7 " '¦ whlt ?' lavcn^r, brown, white on brown, . navy
'. V\ . i~y - and fancy mixed meshes. The city's veiling trade *
\ " -¦¦ centers' here.- More than half the women know
Jl|jjgr why. Such prices as we make and such varieties
r7^V\- ' /. as we carry have brought us much veiling fame.
FIRST SHO WING * TO -DA Y OF
jCharnpis Skin Gloves 85c.
300 pairs of ladies' 2-cIasp chamois pique gloves that we guarantee will
wash with Manton's chamois soap— every size S Z A to 7J4 — white or natural 8;c
a, pair., • ' , , . »°o«-.
> -Manton's Chamois Soap 5c a Cake— The finest soap for washing cham-
ois gloves. "• * ; _ v
More Pretty Ribbons 21c.
To-day we put on sale another fresh line of n-ew and stylish fancy ribbbn3
that if. bought and sold in the regular way would bring^50,300,350 and 40c.
We snapped them up from the mill man who wouldn't think of selling any
one line so cheap, but because we took them all- he made a concession— for
style and beauty there are none that can excel them, even if you go to regu-
lar stock and pay full price— choose from'a counterful 21c a yard. Profes-
sional artists will gladly tie them in any way you like free of charge. . \
, In art department Mr. McCuin is giving. free embroidery lessons, and we
are selling 50c genuine Gibson pillow tops for, 39c.' riv:-s.% \ :
A~^^^g^ $1*25 Gas Stoves 69c.
jj^V£>3Jj<BM^ \ This is to-day's special news from the downstairs
<»\ store. So much going on there we can't let a day
tm .Ljx ' "_%l S^P without hinting of some of itT We picture here
\Wr~^^~ Tn tms stove. It has one burner. Comes fully Kuarin-
A// - /L Q4v( ' teed to burn perfectly/ The few dozen will go to-day
These Percale i'^^^K
Shirts to=day 50c }j^^3
They have stiff bosoms and a pair of JE^ yJ^^W
link cuffs to match — the patterns are . .
"good and up-to-date— last of several ' V'JfW--*''^ JL
lines — shirts that sell ordinarily at*75c 1 nv
but because we haven't all colors in all /fni^i J Pfll IkV^V
sizes we are going to sell what we have ff/j h* \J ij I K^y
Fifty Cents. fm 3 n M
Men's Natural Gray TJnderwear 'l/iLi 'A T )^V> fl \\W |
75c — They are Y\ wool — soft, pleasant \U& f& I l^' 1 WWW
garments— suitable for all-year-round '1^^ hj\ I rt^ Rl «A\Y^
mm vn^BlIB «h9* 8 1 '^B BB
cwcos f ORATti> BfiBr fil^« wKr SBHr
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATLRDAY, MONDAY AI\D , TUESDAY.
Granulatel Best Cane SUGAR, 18 lbs. .$1.00
Sugar special Saturday only.
SAN JOSE JELLIES, glass jar 12*0
Currant. Quince. Blackberry, Plum. Extra
. Quality, reg. 20c. Ldintt 6 Jars.
FINEST CRFAMERY BUTTER, squaw. ;32^
.Fine Butter is our motto. Reg. 40c.'
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER, square ... 30c
2 Now is the time to have your Butter packed
for the winter. Reg. 33c
BEST M S3I0N EGGS, dozen 20c
•_ Gathered dally. Reg. 25c
TABLE FRUIT SYRUPS, quart lot ... .30c
Strawberry. Raspberry. Grenadine. Vanilla.
" .Extra quality. ' Reg. 40c. ¦ •
ZTNFANDEL, in shoe jag, gallon 1 75c
Vintage 1893. Old and choice. Reg. $100.'
BR0MANGEL0N, Dessert Jelly . . . ,10c
. % Umit 6 pkgs. Reg. ' 15cY* •
Best-Eastern L'Bros.' Brand Hams, Ib. .13^
'• Every -Ham guaranteed. Reg. J5c. 5 ¦
MAINE Extra Sugar CORN, 3 cans.. .. .25c
Special •.bargain. ". Reg. 15c can.
GOLDEN PHEASANT WHISKY; qt bot..;85c
Rich and mellow. ¦ 10 years old. Reg. ' (I 15.
STRYKER'S KITCHEN SOAP, 7 cake3. ..23o
Best Sand Soap. Reg. 5c cake.
TOURIST AND PICNIC SUPPLIES
Just received full assortment of 'Potted
Meats. Sardines. ¦ Pate de Fois Gras and all
Table Delicacies at Lowest Prices.
EXTRA TABLE APRICOTS, 2^-lb cani ..10c
Unusual : Bargain. Reg. '20c.
PURE.CAL. OLIVE OIL, qt bot . . . . j . . 75c
"Warranted and put .up by El Pearl Farm.
1 Reg. $1 00; pts 40c, res '60c.
WILLOW CREEX WHISKEY, M quart . $1.00
Hand-made Sour Mash. Reg.. $1 30.
Gallon, 13 50. Reg. . $4 BO. 10 years old.
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 15akes. .50a
. ' King of all Soap. Reg. 12 for 50c.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, 1-Ib can.25«
Reg. 30c
J.E FLICKINGER PRUNES, S lbs 25c
Finest, of French Prunes. .Reg. 5 lbs 23c
ODR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage • of • these special »ale«.
We ehlp free of. charge with every $5 or
* more within 100 "miles. Ask for monthly
price, list — free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. J Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores
TWO QUALITIES
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
: dera County..
For particulars address FARM, ttt Harkat
Street. S..F. , . - :
m.jrauiiTf
n^Hia-wisuL-K^o'wrN and rkltable oti>
L SpeclalistcuretBlood Poison. Uonorrhosa.Gle^t.
StrtcUirc, Beminal Weakness, Impotrnca and tbeir
•tiled Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, ti*».
Ov»r20years>xper'enc«.TcrnM rejLwnable: Houni.
9to3daily;6:30toS.30eT'K<.Sund.t7s,10tol2. Con.-.ul-
tatlonfreeandaacredly coafldentlaL Call of addresa
r : - P. RO9GOE MeXULTT.' 31 . D.
SO V, Kearny » r.. San Franoincn. CsV
fl^ FNT Q 4> ¦
Weekly Call^liOO par; Year
X^J-^7%e Trade Mark^^^r
Of a home production
Stand by the Standard trade mark—it stands for a white labor,
California made shirt— it stands for a shirt of quality— it stands .
cs a guarantee of the excellence of fabric, fit and finish of Standard
Shirts. Tour dealer sells them, look for the label — it's on the V
neck of every Standard Shirt. • '¦ J* : . .
. For sale by all leading furnishing and dry ..goods'- stores. -" '.'"> '
Neustadter Drbs., Manufacturers, S. F.