OFFICIAL LOG OF THE FINAL RACE BETWEEN SHAMROCK AND COLUMBIA FOR THE AMERICA'S CUF.
Start — Outer mark — Finish — ; \; ; . -\ • .7;/v ; • Elapsed tune— . . Corrected time —
Shamrock .- .11:02:00 Shamrock 12:48:46 Shamrock .:. . . ". .v5-"55-'j5 Shamrock ... . . ............ . . . . : . 4:33:38 Shamrock ; 4 : 33-'3^
Columbia , 11:02:00 Columbia ........ 12:49:35 Columbia . .... .... .\. . . . ..... • . . .; 3:35:40 Columbia .... . . '.'. . . ..... . .... 4:33:40 Columbia 4 : 37 : 57
Course — Fifteen miles to "leeward and return. Weather — Fresh breeze from north-northwest, which gradually becaincfluky. .-; V , ¦
Columbia zvijts by ai seconds, corrected time. '. i * ;
SIR THOMAS LIPTON AGAIN FAILS TO "LIFT"
THE AMERICA'S CUP, LOSING EVERY RACE
AMERICA'S CUP DEFENDER COLUMBIA BEATING TO WINDWARD WITH SIR j THOMAS LipTON'S CHALLENGER SHAMROCK IN THE LEAD
ContinuVcl on Page Two.
dent of the Transvaal to be by no means
satisfactory. Mr. Kruger is believed "to
be slowly growing weaker physically and
mentally. His slowness In reaching a de
cision on important questions is 1 found to
be a serious hindrance to those working
in Europe in behalf of the Boer cause.
At the slightest question regarding his
health Mr. Kruger exhibits intense irri
tation and vehemently denies that he is
not strong. The approach of winter
causes anxiety, as Mr. Kruger refuses to.
leave Holland.
According to a remark made by a prom
inent Boer the former President's condi
tion would long since have been much
worse if hatred of Great Britain did not
nerve him to continue.
Secretary Long's Daughter Dead.
HINGHAM, Mass., Oct. 4.— Miss Helen
Long, daughter of Secretary of the Navv
Long, died at 9 o'clock to-night. Death
was caused by pulmonary trouble, which
had its Inception after close attention to
the social duties during Secretary Long's
first term in the Cabinet. She: went to
Colorado' Springs in November, 1S98, and
two weeks ago she started home.
»:tEW. YORK, Oct. 4.— With victory
p^L ' I flags floating from her towering
I . mas thead and the . ends of her
J spreaders in honor of her con
: A- .^ . eluding triumph in the cup races
; of 1901, the gallant sloop Colum
bia returned to her anchorage
to-night under the escort of the entire
excursion' fleet. She to-day completed her '
defense of the honored trophy in another
stirring race: Y/ith the Shamrock II over
a' 'leeward, and windward race of thirty
miles, crossing the finish line two seconds
behind her antagonist, but winning on the
time allowance conceded,. by the LIpton
boat by forty-one seconds.
For. the' second time she has now suc
cessfully foiled the attempt of the Irish
knight" to wrest from her possession the
cup that means the yachting supremacy
of , the world. And plucky Sir Thomas
LIpton, standing on the- bridge 'of the
Erin, 'led his . guests in three hearty
huzzas for the successful defender.
: : . . "She Is the Better Boat." .
; "She Is; the better boat," he said, "and
she deserves to'be cheered.".
; The series of ; races just closed will al
ways be "memorable as the closest. ever
sailed: for.. the cup, and Sir Thomas. ;al-
, though . defeated, will go home with : the
'satisfaction : of ' knowing '. that his golden
*',"Froni. those. who escaped the following
is learned: - September 24, while at break
fast; Corhpahy C was attacked at the sig
nal ringing ,'of . the convent bells by about
450bolomen, 200. from the, rear jof quarters
and . 200 A in' front simultaneously attacking
:the b'fflcers' quarters. -The "company was
completely surprised ¦ and ;the force" at
.tacklng the front gained possession of the
arms. : A- fight ensued for them; in' which
most .of the men met death in themess
rbom'in the rear. "The enemy was beaten
off- temporarily, by about twenty r five men
who gained their, arms. Sergeant ;Betron
assumed < command, endeavored k to collect
the' men and leave in', boats, but .was re
attacked by 'the enemy.' The strength of
the ' command/, was ; three officers and sev
enty-two," men; the killed are three offi
cers and: forty enlisted; men, missing six,
wounded 'thirteen, present thirteen.
. v ".The. party attacking the officers in the
convent retired through the church, large
numbers,: being, led '¦ ;by.-. ;the- President*.
Probably 101 rifles . were with th e com-
', ; ; : "•; ¦¦¦'" ':-'; giving further details of -the
attack 'on" Company C of the Ninth Regi
ment: "- 1 "'' !?"•.--'.¦. .' . ¦ ; : ?:¦•:_•; .
.-»- w WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The
>¥i^ if 1 War Department -to-night
,-".^"/m/' received the; following dis
; ,• patch from General' Chaff ee, :
I -'¦ :.i f '¦-. '.'?•* "•* dated Manila, October.4, and
De. Russey is the colonel of the Elev
enth'Regiment,-stationed near the acena
of the attack, . .. :;-.Z . .
"Ninth Infantry."
"September 30. "We have returned from
Balangiga. Drulllard explains the condi
tion ccrrectly. We landed yesterday. Tho
inhabitants deserted the town, firing one
shot. "We buried the three officers and
twenty-nine- men. A number of bodies
were burned. The quarters buildings
were fired as we entered. We secured or
destroyed most of the rations. All tho
ordnance j gone. The Insurgents secured
fifty-seven serviceable rifles and 28,000
cartridges. Forty-eight men of Company
C. Ninth Infantry, and one hospital corps
man were killed or are missing. Twenty
eight men are accounted for. We found
two in a boat en , route here. We burled
the dead, burned the town and returned
to Basey.
• . "CAPTAIN BOOKMILLER,
¦ "Ninth Infantry."
"De Russey has sent a strong company
to chastise the savages if found.
"CHAFFEE."
pany, twenty-six being saved and fifteen
lost. Twenty-five thousand rounds or
ammunition were lost. Ninety-five pris
oners outside the^uartel Joined in the at
tack at the signal. The boat of the missing
men of the. company was seized. Captain
Bookmiller may pick up the men.
"LIEUTENANT JAMES DRUILLARD,
¦racers, j like gulls with outstretched; pin
ions, had every inch of, canvas spread," all
their light i sails, including j bulging spin
nakers ' i and/, balloon , jib • topsails. \ Their
j crews ' were ¦/, gathered aft | ' to \ | keep the
¦heads of. the boats up, and thereafterjiiri-
Jtll the .outer . mark was reached ': it was
merely 'a. Question of holding'on'to'all the.
canvas ¦'. and ; letting . the ', wind Mo • the rest.
'Notwithstanding 'the; fact;, that the 'Co
lumbia'beat the ":" Shamrock ' before' the
wind. last' Saturday,' the challenger-. to-day,
gained, slowly, but steadily 'all, the t way;'out
and rounded :'f orty-riirie sVcohds before the
defender, ¦]: ';havirig^ actually". ; gained i one
minute" ; and- four seconds. ¦ fmmediately.
after, trie yachts; turned. their^noses/- Into
the - wind for /the beat ; home th"e breeze
moderated "and. turned ;'fluky. The'skip
pers split tacks; each seafcriirig! for, wind,
with .the result that :first- one would get
a -life and/Jheh the" other. "At 'one-time
the Columbia; seemed V mile ahead/when
a .'sudden . cant> of ¦; the "wind allowed ,the,
Shamrock, to vpolnt; hearer, the mark and
a mile from home the challenger appeared
to be /leading " by fully half a' niile.\ * The
talent.- began ,' to feel : nervous, but as Tthe
yachts j approached the ¦ finish the Yankee
skipper ... by. some miraculous 'legerdemain
shoved, his. boat (into the light air, like ia.
During "this : series of races not -an un-;
toward Incident has ;. occurred, <" and | Sir'
Thomas .will . return", to ! England • far .the
most popular -of all-} the foreigners who
i have challenged ; for ; . - the ' America's
trophy. ¦.;/¦*.'¦:.¦¦*•¦: . >;'¦:' . ; ." : .\ "¦.':';- i-'; ¦*••';*'
To-day's race, on ; paper,- was the clos-'
est of the series, but : because -of? the
flukinessfio'f the wind on the beat '.home,;
as a contest of the relative' merits of. the
yachts, ifls not to be:'compare\ilwith;;thV
magnificent, truly run r and royally fought
battles. on- Saturday,,' and yesterday:', ,The.
condition's of the race at the start : to-day,
were very : similar to'; those^f yesterday.
The wind' was strong, and from the shore
embroidering the' sea with foam ¦ and r pll->
Ing up no swell— ideal 'conditions for-thV
challenger •- ' ' ¦ ¦' : - -'"-\ \ **!-'
• Every Inch of Canvas Spread. ;.
The' racers were -sentvaway before the
wind, each carrying 'penalty for 'crossing
the , line ' after 'the handicap gun.- J No offl- ?
clal : record | is' kept of trie time ' after, that
gun is" fired, .but the; expert3^,wlth- stop'
watches estimated the; Columbia's'handi
cap; at fifteen -seconds / and "^ the - Sham
rock's at;.thirty seconds:*. The contest 'of
the- yachts, fleeing ¦¦¦befoYe;: the ; wind was'
picturesque' ' but not ', excltiner. .^ The'/ big \
yacht is the ablest foreign boat that ever
orossed the w'esterh ocean." ."^f • * *¦ ":.
Protests Against Appointment of Buller and Wood
and Demands Recall of Kitchener.
LON"DON, Oct L— "In spite of the
pledges of the Government the
whole army machine is to be
hauled back as soon as it may
be to the old rules of importance.
pretense and collapse." writes
Rudyard Kipling In a striking: letter to
the Spectator upon the appointment of
Sir Reavers Buller and Sir Evelyn "Wood
to command army corps. This pungent
sentence voices the national feeling that
has prevailed this week without regard
to party politics.
All the weeklies, regardless of politics,
take the Government to task.
"The English people." again to quote
from Kipling, "have paid no small price
in money and in blood that there might
be born an army handled by fit and
I>roven leaders."
The Spectator comes out- boldly, not
only with a declaration that the appoint
ments of Buller and Wood are absurd,
but with a demand that Kitchener be re
called and that Roberts be sent out again.
THE HAGUE, Oct. 4.-A. D. Wolmar-
Jins, one of the Boer envoys who has been
visiting Mr. Kruger at Hilversum, found
the mental condition of the former Preai-
DETAILS OF THE MASSACRE
OF AMERICANS ON SAMAR
Force. of Troops • Is : Sent in Pursuit of the Treach
. erbus Natives and Their Town Is Burned.
In Nerve - Straining Finish the Gallant Defender
Columbia Again Defeats the Shamrock II.
KIPLING'S DENUNCIATION
OF BRITISH ARMY METHODS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 127.
SAN FRANGISCOv SATURDAY;^ OCTOBER 5, 1901.
The San Francisco CallContinued From Page One.
YACHT COLUMBIA, WHICH
HAS 'TWICE SUCCESSFULLY
DEFENDED AMERICA'S CUP.
AMERICA'S CHAMPION. YACHTS. All the
cup defenders pictured in the Wasp this week.*,
Desertions at Hare Island.
VALLEJO, Oct. 4.— Desertions from the
marine corps at the navy yard are so
numerous that unusual precautions are
being .taken to prevent further depletion
of the ranks. The number of marines
now at the barracks Is so small that it
iequires all the men for guard duty, con
sequently there are not men enough to go
through drills, target practice or school
work. During . the past few months ¦ no
less than thirty marines have deserted
Eeaten, but Not Disgraced.
GLASGOW,' Oct. 5.— Interest in the outcome
of the yacht races did not diminish here or In
the Clyde district until the very last. The
cplnlon Is general that the Shamrock was
beaten on her merits and npt disgraced.
BOTH BEGIN HANDICAPPED,
Final 'Race Characterized 'by an Ex
ceedingly Close Finish. ,
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— It was half an hour
before the preparatory gun when the com
mittee boat Navigator hoisted the signal "D.
C. ¦ S.," indicating - that the course would be
fifteen miles to leeward and return. ' •
The wind at that, time came from the north
northwest and was blowing all of twelve miles
an hour. " Both -.racers came'.out f rom : the
Horseshoe in tow of their tugs and seemed
slow in getting, their sails set* The Sham
rock was first to hoist her malnsalhand also
first to get up her largest club topsail. v The
Columbia, evidently waiting to test the strength
of the wind, did not set: her. club -topsail un
til 10:40. Captain Barr, decided that the .wind
was not too strong for his No.' 1. . s
At tho preparatory signal at 10:45 both boats
were far up to the windward and came down
toward the lightship and Just before the warn
ing gun again headed up into the 'wind sim
ultaneously, and .worked ¦ back to their former
positions. - Both were on : the port • tack ' ami
cjose-hauled, with the Columbia on the weath-
Reported Massacre by Apaches.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 4.-A special dis
patch from Albuquerque to an afternoon
Paper here says renegade Apache? from
the San Carlos reservation have killed five
white men ana are now hiding in the
¦Mogollon . Mountains, No credence is
given the report here. f *•"..»
New Us cord at Hammer Throwing.
L.OUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 4.-The athletic
games at the Interstate Fair to-day were
made notable by the breaking of two
world s records by John Flanagan ot the
Irish Athletic Club. New York. He threw
the hammer 170 feet % inch. The previous
record of 163 feet 4 inch/s was held- bv
him. ¦ Flanagan also bf^ke the world>
record I In the discus throw. He made 119
1V i ' n ? hes - His previous record was
118 feet 9 inches.
Duffy of Georgetown University won his
heat in the 100-yard dash in 10 seconds.
Hargrave of Yale ran In 101-5. The two
fliers meet in the final to-morrow.
er quarter of the challenges. The American
boat was first to come about after the warn
ing gun at 10:53. The ' Shamrock immediately
followed and planted herself directly astern or
the. defender, at the" same 'time breaking out
her tremendous balloon jib and letting fall to
starboard her spinnaker pole. It was Syca
more's game to. cross last if possible. This
he was able to do, but while he had the pride
of position in a leeward start, he found him
self thirty seconds behind the handicap gun.
Barr. In the meantime, had delayed breaking
out his light sails and still held the Columbia's
sheets in slat. Thus he, too,' handicapped his
boat in crossing,- but not so much' as his rival,
for it is estimated that he was only fifteen
seconds behind the handicap gun. Spinnakers
on both boats were broken • out on • the ¦ line
and away they went on what proved to be the
last rae«. of the international series of 1901..
Handicapped at the Start.
Both boats began handicapped. ; The I official
time of the start as posted on the ; bulletin
board of the committee boat was as follows: ..
Shamrock '....:. ...... ..11:02:00
Columbia... 11:02:00;
Hardly . had the boats got over the line 1 be
fore it was seen that the Shamrock was gain
ing on her rival. Slowly she crept up and at
' 11:17 was on even terms. Half a minute later
she showed her bowsprit ahead and from there
on - she led the Columbia to the outer mark.
The run down the wind; was uneventful after
the Shamrock took the lead, except. at a few,
momenta before the turn, when the Columbia,
catching first a fresh puff of wind, ran up on
the challenger's weather quarter. The' boats
were then very- near the turning buoy, so
that ' the Shamrock took in her spinnaker and
balloon Jib and set with a greater speed than
had yet been showed. by. the British \ crew her
Jib and staysail. As soon as these two head
sails filled with wind the British boat luffed
out under the bow of the Columbia, tqok on
new life and romped ahead again. Columbia
kept her spinnaker. until within two minutes
of the mark, hoping with, this additional sail
to pull up." But she was unable to do so, : and.
had to turn forty-nine seconds behind her rival..
The official v time of turning, the outer mark
was as follows: . -
.8hamrock .......12:48:46
Columbia .:... ..12:49:35 .
• Straight Down the "Wind.
Thus on the run straight down the> wind
the challenger, had gained according.-to'of
ficial time forty-nine seconds, but in .reality
she had done better than this, for to this forty
nine seconds are to be added the fifteen seconds
which. the Columbia led her over t the starting
line. ¦ .'. ' ••"-".••-,¦.¦.."• ¦ - ..
.'"After rounding the mark the Shamrock stood
off for some ¦¦ minutes on • the starboard tack.
Justbefore 1 o'clock the defender came about'
and stood over on . the starboard -tack - toward
With, the Harness Horses.
TKRRE HAUTE, Ind., Oct. 4.— Closing day.
Summary:
2:14 pace, J13C0 (unfinished from Thursday)—
Council Chimes won in straight heats. Best
time. 2:03%. Theresa Wllkes, Cousin Made.
Lady Allrlght, Beauty Spot. Pauldlng Boy
Leah and Xomanine also started
2:15 pace, $1500— Donna McGregor won in
straight heats. Best time, 2:14. Senator
Smiley and Ed Bennett also started.
2:14 pace, J1500— Walter Keim won first, third
and fourth heats. Best time. 2:12. Glacy won
second heat in 2:U^i. Prince of India. Marque
Ebba and Senator K also started.
2:11 pace. J1000— Chestnut won In straight
heats. Best time. 2:07%. Don Riley. Blonda
Redwood, Fred M. Richard A. J K Maggie
Brlggs, The Hero, Grace B, Lahonda. and Car
nette also started.
2:14 trot. $1400— Red Princess won in straight
heats. Best time. 2:12^i. Jessie C. Princess
Selnsa. Re-elected. Gozad. . William TeU.
Wentwcrth. Betsey Teel, King's Clerk and
The Coal Black Lady also started.
phantom ship and 100 yards from home
the two racers were almost on even terms.
It was a pretty sight and one seldom
witnes-sed when they Crossed rail to rail,
the white yacht's bowsprit just* lapping
the golden boat's mast.
Pandemonium Follows.
£ The usual pandemonium that attends
the final Yankee victory in a cup contest
followed. Whistles, sirens, bells, bands
&nd cheers united in a grand chorus ot
jubilation, and J. P. Morgan's yacht Cor
sair added to .the terrific din by firing a
national salute of twenty-one guns.
After the Columbia had hauled down her
sails and set her victory flag the excur
sion boats crowded alongside to cheer the
Yankee sailors and the winning skipper.
Nor did. they forget Sir Thomas Lipton or
his gallant craft. In turn the crowded
steamers ran alongside the Shamrock and
Erin and the vanquished received almost
as much honor as the victor. And thus,
with felicitations all around, the twelve
series of races for the old cup which the
schooner America brought over fifty years
ago erded with the best of feeling.
Taking his defeat gamely, Sir Thomas
Lipton yet made no attempt to conceal
the keenest - disappointment when he
talked about the races to-night on the
Erin.
Sir Thomas' Disappointment.
"I am very much disappointed." he said.
"I thought that within fifteen minutes
of the finish that we had won. I was as
sure as my life we had won. When I
looked around the situation had changed
and we had lost. It was a hard blow to
be so near winning and then to lose. I
should like to have got one race, just by
way of consolation. It is a very hard
thing to be beaten by a breath— by a few
beats of the pulse. It has been a severe
strain on me. J have worked so hard for
many months now and I am glad It Is
over. To have won would have been a
Joy greater than to-day's disappointment.
The Columbia's win to-day was fair and
square and honorable. There is nothing
to protest if I wanted to protest. In fact,
I have a feeling in my heart that if there
had been any- error in judgment at all It
would have been in my favor. If there
had been any possibility of choice in the
matter I believe the yacht club would
have given me the race. Sometimes • a
man has the better boat, but even having
it must have a wee bit of luck to win. I
am very grieved indeed, very grieved,
and." he added. "I should have liked to
have ¦won one race."
Hardly had the Erin's anchors touched
bottom when a launch from the yacjit
Corsair came alongside bearing the
regatta committee of the New York Yacht
Club. Sir Thomas met them. at the h»ad
of the gangway and as he shook hands
with them individually he said:
"Gentlemen, It was a lair beat. I want
to :--ay again that you have treated . me
with the utmost -fairness and courtesy.
You have met everv wish of mine, and
from my heart I thank you."
Lipton a True Sportsman.
Commodore Lewis Cass Ledyard, chalr-
man of the New York Yacht Club regatta
committee, replied:
"Sir, we have never had a truer sports
man to deal with."
Many of Sir Thomas' guests on board
the Erin crowded around. to express their
sympathy at his defeat and assured him
of the high place he had won in the hearts
of all Americans.
"When a. man wins a heart he has won
more than a cup," said one . of them.
There were tears in th« Irish Baronet's
eyes when he thanked them for their
kind words. Said he: •
"The words you have spoken touch me
more than my defeat to-day.. I tried to
win the cup and I* have done my best.
But better than all that. I have the good
wishes of this country."
When as«ecl about his plans for the
future Sir Thomas said: .
"It is too early to talk about any plans.
About the Shamrock I cannot decide yet
what I shall do and as to challenging
again, it Is top soon to think about it."
E. D. .Morgan, the manager of the Co
lumbia, said: .
"I am very happy that we won and glad
that the strain is over. We certainly had
to make a splendid fight for it. We had a
splendid captain and a splendid crew."
The Columbia's mainsail was unbent be
fore she came to anchor and soon after
dark she was towed to City Island. Be
fore leaving Captain Barr said: •
"We did the best we could and they did
the best they could and we came out first.
That's all."
At the New York Yacht Club to-night
Chairman Kane and Secretary Oddie were
closely questioned by members regarding
the sensational finish. Kane said lie had
difficulty in timing, the yachts, but was
fortunate In sighting them at the proper
range. , The range was from a small white
flag on the committee boat and the main
mast of the Sandy Hook lightship.
Chester Grlswold, of the regatta club held
the watch that timed the yachts.
boats a bit and it became, apparent that neither
could fetch by the lightship. -
At 3:30 the Shamrock went about on the
starboard tack and headed for the middle of
the line. The Columbia tacked under her le«,
Barr's game being to back-wind the headsails
of the challenger. On they came, the Ameri
can boat gaining slightly. The crowd besaji
to cheer, for It was then a certainty that the
gallant yacht was well within her time allow
ance if she could not cross first.
— rThe Shamrock was first to luff across, but
hardly was. this perceptible before Barr did
the same thing with the Columbia and they
went over only two seconds apart. But the two
seconds were to the credit of the Shamrock in
actual time, though she was a beaten boat
according to the rules of the game.
SUPREME DISAPPOINTMENT.
London Paper Suggests That Yachts
Exchange Crews and Then Bace.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— There Is a feeling of su
preme disappointment in London over the fail
ure of the Shamrock II to win even a single
lace. Those "who denounced Str Thomas Lip
ton's ambitlcn, asserting that he was using
his' yacht to advance his business interests,
now realize that his sportsmanlike efforts de
served a better result. The question is raised
here whether the defeat of the challenger waa
due to the' superiority of. American seaman
ship or the better constructive ability of the
Americans. With a view of settling the ques
tion the Daily Express has cabled Commodore
Morgan and Sir Thomas Llpton. suggesting
that they should arrange a race with the Co
lumbia's crew on board the Shamrock II and
the crew of the challenger on board the de
fender. - ¦ .
The n:orning papers are unanimous in admit
ting that the challenger waa fairly and
squarely beaten by a better boat. ~ - •
Most . ef the papers are gratified that Sir
Thomas Lipton's public-spirited action should
have .stimulated international good trill, be
sides resultinr in the finest and closest race
ever witnessed in the history of yachting.
The Daily Chronicle says far more im
portance than the result of the contest itself
is the friendly spirit in which It was waged
from the start to the finish. "Sir Thomas
Llpton says ha would rather win American
good will than ths cur>. and we eannot doubt
that, though he had missed the latter he has
gone far to attest the former and Infinitely
more important purpose."
"Sir Thomas Llpton." observes the Standard,
"has shown himself a true sportsman. He de
serves the gratitude of the English people for
the splendid front he has made."
the Shamrock. The two boats held along to
gether on the same tack for five or six min
utes. -Then Shamrock .put about and at 1:05
crossed the Columbia's bows and tacked well
on the American boat's" weather. Then, ex
actly - as was the case yesterday and almost
at the same time of the day, 1:12, another dra
matic event of the race occurred.
In three minutes the Columbia passed clean
through the lee of the challenger, went on the
port tack and easily crossed her bows. The
Shamrock at once tacked under the defender's
lee and then, developed a situation that could
not be explained unless by change of wind.
¦ While the Columbia kept on pointing very
high the Shamrock headed far oft to leeward
and for several .minutes did not point any
where near as high as the Columbia and rap
idly fell off. The wind had now dropped ma
terially and It soon became fluky as well, first
one boat getting it in puffs and then the other.
At times there was a great difference in their
pointing, . the. Columbia now holding . well up,
while the ¦ Shamrock fell off, and then again
the reverse was true. . . ¦ . .
At 1:30 the boats were standing along on the
port tack." but wide apart. The Columbia was
well to windward, the distance estimated by
some of the yachting sharps at nearly a "mile,
but at the same time she was slightly astern.
A series of short tacks was begun by both
racers and in these the Shamrock showed evi
dent gains, being aided by friendly slants of
wlnflr For half an hour these short tacks con
tinued and when at 2 o'clock the boats came
together near enough to afford comparison It
was seen thftt the challenger had. made up a
large part, if not all, of her loss: The wind,
meanwhile, had become more and more fluky
and was blowing not over seven or eight knots.
Instead of being a good test of sailing the race
now -became a matter of luck in getting, and
good seamanship in meeting, the varying pufts.
At the same .time It became a very close affair
and there was interiss excitement in- the sight
seeing fleet. .... •¦
Nerve-Straining Finish. -.. ~
A. few minutes before 2 o'clock Barr put the
Columbia about on. the ! starboard I tack and
headed for the Jersey shore. A minute later
the Shamrock followed, and it was then seen
beyond possibility of doubt that the -American
boat was not only to windward, but was
I slightly • ahead. Again the two racers went
Into short reaches and again the challenge:
came out with gains to her credit, so that at
3:20 she took the lead. The wind . was now
fast dropping, but the boats were within five
miles of the finish line and had plenty of time
in which to cross the limit unless the breeze
fell to a flat calm. It became anybody's race
and the excitement ' increased. A few .more
short tacks and the British boat added to her
lead, by favoring, puffs. Seamanship cf • the
highest order -was now required, and in this
respect it was hats off to doughty Charl'e
Barr. He nursed his craft along in the light
airs in" a 'wonderful manner and at- every mo
ment had a sharp eye out for any change of
wind. ¦ ¦ . .. ¦ . ¦ _ ¦-
Shortly after 2:30 both boats went on a long
port tack and when at 3:17 the Shamrock put
about to meet the Columbia It was evident that
she still had a- slight lead.- for she forced thV
defender about.' • Having done this the Sham
rock again went about on the port tack, with
the evident hope of fetching- the line, now
about a mile away. - The Columbia kept ' on a
couple of minutes longer and then followed her
rival. She, was In the j windward' berth but
; well astern v arid the lead of the Englishman
¦was ¦ unmistakable. Both boats were being
1 sailed for all there was in them and they went
through the water at a speed remarkable for
'.the wind- that was then blowing. It was ap-
I parent - that a nerve-straining finish ' was at
hand. •' ' Charlie ¦ Barr ' kept • up his good work
and. ! took advantage of every change of ¦ air
that could possibly help him. -The Columbia
was perceptibly gaining, but every soul in the
fleet was wondering if she could pull up enough
1 to croes the line ah:ad." The wind headed both
On Eastern. Bace tracks.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Harlem results
First race, five furlongs— J. A. Clarke won.
Our Pride second. Lady Bird third. Time,
Second race, six furlongs— Mountebank won.
Little Louis second, Baughnaugh Gene third.
Time. 1:14 4-5.
Third race, steeplechase, short course— Lord
Chesterfield won. Saintly second, Queenslup
th.«Nl. Tim*. 3:33 1-5. — — - -* -.- ¦ - t
Fourth race, one mile — Conqueror IX won. Ben
Battle second. The Lady third. Time. .1:40%.-
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Julia
Junkin won. Hoodwink second. Tommy Foster
third. Time, 1UW 3-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Erema won, B. G.
Fox second. J. M. Barns third. Time. 1:14.
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Hard Knot won. Judge Redwlne second, Sa
rlna third. Time, 1:45 1-5.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4. — Gravesend results:
First race, about six furlongs — Musldora won.
Destitute second, Octoroon third. Time.
1:13 1-5.
Second race, mile and an eighth — Roxane woe.
St. Finnan second, McAddie third. Time.
1:53 3-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Clonmel
won. Setauntet second. Major Daingerfleld
third. Time. 1:07 2-5.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth — Sombre
won. Peninsula second. Gunfire third. Time,
1:47 3-5.
Fifth race, about str furlongs— Scotch Bush
won. Lord Pepper second. Biff third. Time,./
1:12 1-5. y
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards — Bedeck
won. Potente second, Criterion third. Time,
1:45 3-3.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 4.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, live furlongs— Jigger won. Mr.
Timberlake second, Kllimandscharo third
Time, 1:02%.
Second race, oije mile, selling— Antonelle won.
Teucer second, Tulla Fonso third. Time, 1:40%
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling
—Soundly won, Leila Barr second. Henzist
third. Time. 1:08%. ,
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Jordan won. Sambo second, Attelle third.
Time. 1:21%. . ..
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth selling-
Jessie Jarboe won, Picador second, Deana third
Time. 1:47%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Schnell Laufer
won. Four Leaf C second. Miss Theresa third.
Time, 1:28%.
Reliance and Str.nford football elevens
will line up this afternoon at 2:30 o clock
on the Sixteenth arid Folsom streets
rounds; This will be the tart game of
fhe season played in this city. It is ex
nected the' first half will be of twenty
live minutes' duration and the second
twenty minutes. ?>,„.?, ,,,
Collins, who plays one of the tackle
positions for Reliance, is a West Point
Graduate and also played on the Denver
Athletic Club team. Fleck will play cen
fer for a short period. If Varney plays
hi wHl be put in at left halfback and
Dinsmore will play one of the end pos!-
U ° Fete" Smith will not piay He is suf
fering from a football -bang" ? which he
rSSvedln a collision with Fleck in prac
"ce Thursday evening:. His eye is bad y
rut oreventing him from taking part m
any game for some time. The teams Will
line- up as follows:
Reliance. Positions. Stanford
Percoy Center - V"'w Le °
wiisa- I^-Guard-R- Barnheisel
ErVkine""-. R-Guard-L i. H ° r , an
Ifc.:-.::.7.:te?rolfcE:::::::^^
SS&rtSfcir ::::::::::::::&£
pj a tt Quarter mm
Atkinson... Fullback • Sla*e.
The University of California eleven will
play its second game of this seasons
schedule, having 'or its opponent the
Olympic Club team. The kick-off will
occur at 3 o'clock this afternoon on the
Berkeley jrridiron
The Olympic has lost Warren Smith at
halfback since the Stanford game. * Loco
motive" having gone north to coach the
Oregon boys. Herbert Masters, who
played end with California against the
Carlisle Indians in 1S39. will take the
same position among the clubmen.
Gendotti will play center at the open
ing of the game, but later Freshman
Morehead. a strong heavy man. will take
the position. More and Hudson, will
alternate at quarter and Dnden ana Ivel
sey at fullback. The lineup of the teanu
follows:
California. Positions. Olympic.
Gendotti or
Morehead Center Powers
Overall RJ^Guard— L. Cadwalader
Stow I^-Guard— R Plunkmt
Braley R-Tackle-L Clay
Albertson Lr-Tackle— R ....Ne.v
Worable R— End— L. Masters
Dlbblee I^-End— R -.-•. ....Parker
More or Hudson.. Quarter Emedburs
Whipple R— Half— L. Gammon
Mini. L— Half— R Hooper
Duden or Kelsey. Fullback Cutter
Stanford Meets Reliance;
California Opposes
Olympics.
Games To-Day, in This
City and at Berk
eley.
FOOTBALL TEAMS
READY TO PLAY
KEEN-DISAPPOINTMENT OF THE GALLANT BRITISH SPORTSMAN
TEN INNING GAME
ENDS IN A TIE
Los Angeles and Oak
land in Sensational
Contest.
Householder's Home Run and
Mohler's Great Throw
the Features.
Oakland and Los Angeles played an
other ten-inning- game yesterday at Rec
reation Park. It was called on account of
darkness with the score 5 to 5. The game
was a contest from first to last and was
replete with clever plays.
In the eigtith Mohler, on second, threw
Dougherty out at third. He stopped what
looKed like a safe hit by Householder and
slammed It down to third. Dougherty
apparently expected to score on the . hit
but Captain Reilly, ¦who was on -the coach-
Ing line, stopped him as he would surely
have been caught out at the plate. In
the confusion Dougherty was tagged out,
retiring the side.
Los Angeles started well, getting two
runs in the second. It secured another m
the sixth— a home run by Householder :
over the center-field fence. The men from
the south added two more In the ninth.
When Oakland went to the bat for its
turn in the ninth it had three runs to its
creJlt. Moskiman hit safe. He went to
third on Babbitt's two-l»agger and scored
on a hit by Dunleavy. Croll bunted, scor
ing Babbitt, tieing- the score. Neither
fide scored In the tenth and Umpire
Hardie called, the game on account of
darkness.
Lohman and Reitz were put out of the,
game In the tenth for "kicking" without
cause. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, rf 5 0 2 0 110
Reitx, 2b 4 0 0 C 2 1 0
Hemphlll. If 4 0 1110 0
Householder, cf S 2 3 0 11 c
Kihm, lb 3 2 2 1 11 1 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 10 2 2 0
Atherton. e.e 4 13 0 3 4 0
Spies, c 4 0 1 0 S 2 0
Hale, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Jones, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, 2b 0 0 0 0 10 0
Totals i.37 5 . 13 2 SO 11 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 4 0 10/040
Lohman. c 4 0 2 14 3 0
Streib. lb 5 1 1 0 IS 0 0
Eagan. E.e 4 0 0 0 3 8 0
Mogklman. rf 4 1 2 0 2 O 1
Babbitt. Sb 4 12 0 2 0 0
Dunleavy. If 4 0 10 10 0
Croll. cf 2 2 10 10 0
Hodson, p 3 0 2 0 110
Hanson, c 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals So 5 12 1 30 IS 1
RUNS AN'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 2 0 0 0 10 0 2 0—5
Base hits 1 21102123 0—13
Oakland 0 010110020— 5 1
Ease hits 1 22022003 0—12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hale 5, Hodson 3.
Home run — Householder. Two-base hits —
Houreholder, Atherton. Moskiman, Babbitt.
Croll. Sacrifice hits— Eagan, Mohler. Croll,
Hodson, Reitz, C. Reilly. First base on error—
Los Angeles. First base on called balls— Los
Angeles 2. Oakland 1. Left on bases — Los An
geles 2, Oakland S. Struck out — By Hale 6,
by Hodson 2, by Jones 1. Hit by pitcher— '
Kihm. Double plays— Eagan to Streib 2. Time
of game— 2:05. Umpire— Hardie. Official Scorer
— McFarlin.
A. rame will be played by Oakland and
Los Angeles on Monday. This will be
National Labor day, which is not gen
erally observed here. The game was
placed on the schedule originally by error.
Manager Morley insists on it being played,
thinking Oakland easier game than the
other league teams.
SACRAMEXTO, Oct. 4. — Whalen's
pitching- was the feature of to-day's
game. He held the Senators down to
three scattered hits. Score:
SACK AMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereanx ss 4 0 10 2 3 1
Fheehan. 3b 3 0 10 4 10
Courtney, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 ft
Doyie. r. f 4 0 0 0 4 10
McLaughlin. 1. f.. t . 3 '• 0 0 1 10 0
Davis, 2b 1.2 0 0 0 0 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 13 3 0
Sullivan, lb 4 1 0 0 11 0 0
Hoffer, p 4 10 16 3 0
Totals 32 2 3 3 27 12 1
• SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ncrdyke. r. f&c. f. 4 2 2 0 1 0 0
Wilson, c 4 110 5 10
Jlildcbrand, 1. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Schwartz. 2b & r. f. 4 0 3" 0 0 2 1
Pabst. lb 4 0 2 1 11 1 1
Krug, es & 2b 4 110 3 4 1
Shea, ss 3 0 10 2 2 1
Rellly. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Whalen. p 4 0 10 1 1 0
Brockhoff. c f 10 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 35 4 12 1 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Escramento 0 00010100—2
Base hits 100010010—3
Ban Francisco 2 1 1000000—4
Base hits 2 1303201 0—12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hoffer 2. Home runs —
Krug, Nordyke. Two-base hit— Devereeux. Sac
rtSce hit— Hildebrand. First base on errors-
Sacramento 4, San Francisco 1. First base on
called balls— Whalen 4. Left on bases—Sacra
mento 7, San Francisco 5. Struck out — By
HofTer 2. by Whalen 2. Passed ball— Wilson.
Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— Harper. Scorer-
Rutherford.
Whalen in Great Form.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 4.— Seven races were de
cided at Agricultural Park this afternoon, one
of the harness events being a walkover. Three
favorites took first money. The I s
driving race, in which only local horees started,
aroused the most interest. Montecito Boy won
after dropping the third heat to Hanfcrd Medi
um. Results: ' ,
!:09 pace; purse $100*- Walkover for Floracita
Time. 2:19.
Gentlemen's driving race, three -in five; purse
(175.
Montecito Boy (J. Felton)...J 112 1
Hanford Medium (Nickerson) 4 2 1 2
Nedico (Reynolds) 2 3 3 4
Pclo (Myreck) 3 4 4 3
Time. 2:19. 2:20. 2:21. 2:22.
Five and a half furlong*— Altara,' 112 (Mat
thews), 5 to 1, won; Rio Colorado, 112 (BrownJ
2 to 1, eecond; Katherine Ennls, 112 (Ransom)
3 to 2, third. Time, 1:03. Kltty'Tozler and
Xsteeo and Albuquerque also ran. -
Six furlongs. Hollenbeck handicap for two
year-olds— Porous, 114 (Matthews), 6 to 1, won;
Escalante. 12 1 ) (Ransom). 4 to 5, second; El
Chihuahua, IIS (Alexander), third. Time, 1:14%.
El Chihuahua coupled with Escalante. Torso
Maid also ran.
Half a mile, two-year-olds — Gypsy Boy,- 102
(Hear), .2% to 1, won; Perfection, 100 (See) 4
to 1, eecond; Dwlgbtway. 105 (Romero) 214 to
1. third'. Time. :49. Irma A and St. Chester
also ran.
Five and a half furlongs— Agnatlcia, 110 (Ran
som), 3 to 2. won; Shannon Berna, 95 (Ro
mero). 2«4 to 1. eecond: Maf eking, 100 (See) 10
to i, third. Time. 1:03. Georee Gordon, For
Freedom and Ftandes also ran.
Five furlongs— El Oriente. 116 (Ransom) 6
to 5, won; Howard. 123 (Stufflet), 3 to 2 sec
ond; Miss Dividend, 114 (See). 2 to 1, third
Time, l:01 l 4. Rlxford. Myrtle, Talma and Little
Edelweiss also ran.
Takes the Gentlemen's Driving Race
After Losing the Third Heat to
Hanf ord Medium. ~
MONTECITO BOY WINS
- - • AT LOS ANGELES RACES
Al Hampton, the handball player, was
severely Injured in the Olympic Club
court yesterday. In making: a difficult
play he fell against a plate glass window
•which was broken some time since
Hampton cut his right shoulder deeply, a
surgeon requiring: some time to remove
ell the pieces of glass from the wound.
Al Hampton Injured.
Aiid works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablet* eure a cold in one day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. .-.a .-tfj
Stops the Cough
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1901.
SIR THOMAS UPTON FAILS TO LIFT AMERICA'S COP, LOSING EVERY RACE
2
What are Humors?
They are vitiated or morbid fluids cours-
ing the veins, and affecting the tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes inherited.
How do they manifest themselves f
In* many forms of cntaneou3 eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and boils,
and In weakness, languor, general debility.
How are they expelled ? By
Hood's Sarsaparitla
which also builds up the system that haa
suffered from them.
It Is the beat medicine for all fcum«a»PROPHECY BITTERLY FULFILLED.
IRRESPONSIBLE^ and conscienceless jourrialisrh, without any standard but, that of
*® I money getting, is 'the mo^ vicious It wields a power that, unre
-R strained, can undermine thev surest fdundatibns: of our most sacred / institutions. It
can poison the fountains of: all that is pure and sweet in the body politic. It can degrade life
frorn its holy ideal and make it k base and blatant vulgarity. It can do this as; effectually as the
noxious erases escaping into the schoolroom will take the bloom from the cheek: of the
child and make his head reel and his. heart fa\r\i^— Excerpt from an article by tho Rev. Father A. P. Doyle, C. S. P., one of the most
famous Catholic clergymeh'yin.the United States. The article was /published in the Catholic World of October, 1901, and was entitled, "The Undoing of William McKmley,
President." .TW: - ¦' ';¦ ¦-..¦...,' : - -.¦ :\;' : ' : - ,.¦¦-.¦-'¦ — . .'. .-,/ -•-' V': ".-"-> / . .-.
EVILS OF IRRESPONSIBLE JOURNALISM.
With Commodore Hodgson still' on the stand
the opurt adjourned until to-morrow. It is
understood that Hodgson will be examined
to-morrow about a series of letters which have
passed between himself and Admiral Schley.
and which were shown to a number of the per
sons in the courtroom to-day.
"Have you ever given this estimate as nearer
than that?"
"Yes. sir."
"What have- you given it before?" "v
"One hundred and fifty yards."
"Why do you change it now?"
"Because I have read from my. notes written
the day after the battle and from notes I used
on the Board of Navigation. I concluded from,
those that my estimate at that time when- I
gave it 175 to 250 yards was too near. Also.
I waa very much influenced by the thought
that the navigating officer of the Texas would
not think it was less than 150 yards."
"Just read* from your notes."
The witness (reading) — We quickly put our
helm aport and then around to starboard,, pass
ing well inside the Texas. That was written
by me the day after the battle.
."Is. there any reference to the distance yon
were from the Texas in those notes?" . ,
"No, sir."
"Do you remember whether anything was
said about blanketing the fire of the Texas
at that time?"
Hodgson Was Skittish.
"When I told the commodore I thought we
would run into the Texas, I think I did say
we might get shot from one of her big guns."
"Have you ever said that you were 'skittish'
about a collision with the Texas at this timer*
"Well, I was 'skittish' about It. I thought
we were going to have a collision very likely
with the Texas."
"How was the collision averted from what
you know of your own knowledge?" ¦ •
"By our getting around so quick we passed
ahead of her."
"You cannot tell me what was done aboard
the Texas?"
"I have no Idea." -. .
The judge advocate then questioned Com
modore Hodgson about changes in the log of
the Brooklyn giving . the account of the fa
mous loop. The witness said that Lieutenant
Doyle had written it but that witness had
given Doyle all the data for it. .
"What information did you give him with
reference to the direction in which the helm
was put in turning the vessel?" :•..-.-;
"I told him helm was put aport. If I men
tioned that particular Incident."
"Do you remember whether you mentioned it
or not?"
"No, I am not sure that I mentioned it ex
cept that we turned around- to head for the
Spanish ships."
"That was a very Important move, waa It
not?"
"Yes, sir; I put it in. my log."
"What do you mean by your log?"
"Well, the logs of the forenoon and afternoon
watch were written up by Lieutenant Doyle and
Lieutenant Wasster, but as both those gentle
men had been (one in the turret and the other
on the gun deck) fighting the batteries I gave
them a number of points that might enable
them to write their deck log correctly. After
they had written up their log I went to the
captain and told him I would like to put in a
little information of my ow^j to make it more
complete, and there was an addendum written
that day by myself, and I think that In that
will be found the way the helm waa put."
"When was that addendum made and put
In?"
"Before noon, on the day following, as the
log was generally copied before noon.'
"Do you remember any discussion on board
the Brooklyn as to the direction the helm was
put when she made what is known aa the
'loop?* "
"Well, I think I remember the fact of putting
an interlineation in this log, because an erasure
was made of that word "starboard" and I sug
gested putting in the explanatory words that
we cleared the Texas."
Change in the Log.
"Do you remember whether any change was
made 'in the logbook in the recording of the
direction in which the helm waa originally
put?"
"I think I remember that erasure. The wort
'starboard' was erased and the word 'port' sub
stituted."
"Do you remember discussing that in the
presence- of Commodore Schley and Captain
Cook?"
"I do not."
"How was this first brought to your attention
that it was entered in the body of the log that
the helm was put to starboard?"
"Very likely by the watch officer wanting to
make an erasure in the log after I rad ex
amined It."
"Do you remember, if at all. you undertook to
check the log aa written to show whether these
points were correctly entered in the logbook or
not?"
"No, I do not. except that it Is more prob
able this was all done before noon of the suc
ceeding day, because the log was generally
given to the captain by noon."
"Do you regard that as a correct entry la
the logbook, that the helm was put to port
in order to bring the starboard., battery to
bear?"
"Xo, that was not the reason for which the
helm was put to port. It was put to port to
bring the Brooklyn around aa quickly as pos
sible to head oft the Spanish vessels."
"Would not the Brooklyn have been brought
around quarter if the helm had been put to
starboard, as it waa recorded In the logbook
originally?"
"I think she would."
"These words, 'swinging clear of the fire of
the Texas.* are they rl^ht?"
"That is right. That la a point that lm-'
pressed me. Fortunately we got around with
out having one of the Texas' guns fired over
us." . . . t 
"The -v-^rds, 'clear of the fire of the Texas,'
are the interlined words, are they not?"
"They are."
"Did you give any specific instructions, or
make . any specific suggestions to . the officer
who wrote the log with regard to putting in
those words?" . .
"I think It is Very possible I did.' I think it
more than probable that I did, because that
was the fact that Impressed me as the result
of swinging* -with, the port helm. I was very
thankful we cleared the Texas and ber fire."
"Then, were those words put in relative 'to.
the change la the logbook from 'starboard to
'port"*" ?
"I cannot say; I was not at that time con
templating any such, searching Investigation
as this and consequently I thought that the
log was written with the idea of giving a gen
eral and fair account of the battle without be
ing .brought up under searching scrutiny, or I
would have been more particular as to exact
time and dates."
SEATTLE, Oct. 4.— To obtain $20 John
O'Brien, a typical tramp, assaulted and
robbed Harry Calhoun, another vagabond,
last night. Not content with kicking him
almost into insensibility, he made an at
tempt to throw Calhoun into the bay. Un
successful in this, he placed Calhoun, who
by this time had become unconscious, on
the Northern Pacific track, where ha
would have been killed by an incoming
passenger train had he not been discov
ered and rescued in the»nick of time.
O'Brien was captured shortly after his
murderous deed was committed. He was
drinking in the Anaconda saloon on
Charles street, and when brought to the
City Jail by Patrolman Humes was read
ily Identified by Calhoun. The latter pre
sented a sorry sight. He was covered
with blood and suffering from two ugly
scalp wounds, inflicted by the bootheels
of his assailant. Calhoun remembers lit
tle of the affair, but has a distinct recol
lection that after he had been knocked to
the ground his assailant picked him up
and tried to throw him Into the bay. He
resisted and the effort was finally aban
doned. Kicking him on the head several
times, O'Brien then deliberately left the
unconscious man lying across the railroad
track and made his escape.
A passerby discovered Calhoun and no
tified Patrolman Humes. The latter, aft
er some difficulty, aroused Calhoun and
obtained a meager description of his as
sailant. Later he gained another clew
and, acting upon it, entered the Anaconda
saloon, where he placed O'Brien under ar
rest. When searched O'Brien had $32 in
his pockets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Beats Him and Tries to
Hurl Him Into the Bay
at Seattle.
Tramp's Determined At
tempt to Murder a
Comrade.
LEAVES VICTIM
IN TRAIN'S PATH
" WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— In the
\\ \\ jf Schley court of inquiry, llr.
\\/\\/ Raynor, chief counsel for Ad-'
V W miral Schley, asked Judge
Advocate Lemly to summon
Admiral Sampson as a witness . in the
case. The request grew out of- a differ
ence in the construction of a sentence in
Admiral Sampson'-s letter to Commodore
Schley, written from Key "West, May 20,
when Commodore Schley. with the flying
squadron, lay oft Cienfuegos.
This is known as .the "Dear Schley"
letter. In it, as printed in the Navy I>e
partment documents supplied to the Sen
ate, the admiral said, after expressing
his opinion that notwithstanding the
Spanish squadron was In Santiago it was
better to contimue to blockade Cienfuegos
am Havana, and "we shall continue to
hold Havana and Santiago until we re
ceive more positive Information.
During the examination of Commanaer
Raymond P. Rodgers this dispatch was
under consideration when Mr. Raynor
expressed the opinion that the word
"Santiago" had been inadvertently used
by the commander-in-chief, assuming
that he meant to use the word Clen
fuegos as better corresponding/ with the
text- As the document was printed there
was a parenthetical note, to which Ad
miral Schley's initials were attached, say-
Ing that evidently the wrong city had
been mentioned. • ,
Mr. Raynor asked Judgre Advocate
Lemly to make this concession, but the
latter declined to do so, saying that he
would produce the original of Admiral
Sampson's dispatch to prove that he had
written Santiago. Then Mr. Raynor saiu:
44 I cannot take that word Santiago to
mean anything but Cienfuegos. It is an
imputation on Commodore Schley and I
cannot permit it to rest without summon
ing the author of that dispatch." to
which Captain Lemly responded:
"I have told you once before you can
summon any one you wish."
"Then," retorted Mr. Raynor, ."sum
mon Admiral Sampson." - .
This occurred only a short time before
the adjournment of the court for the day
and was tho subject of more or less con
versation of an animated character after
the day's work was concluded. Mr. Ray-;
nor would only say that he would insist
on the admiral being. summoned unless
the correction was conceded.
The witnesses for the- day were: Lieu
tenant C W. Dyson of the Bureau, of
Steam Engineering, concerning the coal
supply of the flying squadron; Com
mander R. P. Rodgers, who was second
in command of the battleship Iowa dur
ing the Spanish war and carried Admiral
Sampson's dispatches of May 20 to Com
modore Schley, and Commander Albon XJ.
Hodgson, who was the navigator of .the
ship Brooklyn. _ . \
Captain Dawson of the Marine j Corps, , who
was on the stand yesterday, was called to cor-
Captain Lemly still has quite a long. list of
witnesses before. him and when the court be
gan business .to-day It was said on his be
half that he would not probably be able ' to
present the conclusion of his case for the de
partment before the end of next week. , ¦
¦WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The Schley court of
Inquiry began its proceedings to-day with the
recall of witnesses who were on the stand yes
terday, and after they had corrected their pre
vious testimony and made such j additions
thereto as suggested themselves, they were ex
cused and new witnesses introduced. The list
of available witneEses for the day Included
Captain Raymond P. Rodgers, who was execu
tive officer of ¦ the Iowa during the Santiago
campaign; Ensign (now Lieutenant)- M. L.
Bristol, who was watch and division officer on
the Texas and officer of the deck of that ves
sel when the Spanish ships came out of Santi
ogo; Lieutenant Commander A. C. Hodgson,
who was navigator on ' the Brooklyn and
whose testimony has been looked forward to
with much interest because of his correspond
ence with Admiral Schley, and Lieutenant C.
W. Dyson of the Bureau of Steam Navigation."
Great Sea Battle.
Ne-w Witnesses Shed Light on the
COAL AUD THE LOOP.
Police Judges' bad record. Read the Wasp.*
Commander Rodgers was examined at length
concerning the coaling of the flying squadron.
"Could, you have coaled the Iowa on the
afternoon of May 28?" Mr. ! Hanna asked. ":'
"In the late afternoon," the time I speak of,
the weather being fine and I smooth, ' I think
there would have been no trouble at all," re
plied the witness.
Lieutenant Dyson was followed on tho stand
by Commander Raymond P. Rodgers, 1 who was
executive officer of the battleship Iowa during,
the summer of 1S98.' He testified to leaving
Key West, on May 20 for 'Cienfuegos, to. Join
the flying squadron. Before leaving he had.
had- as a representative of Captain Evans, he
said, a conference with • Commander in Chief
Sampson, at which Captains Taylor and Chad
wick were present. At that time he was told
by Admiral Sampson that he had. received In
formation from the department at Washington
that the Spanish fleet under Cervera was pos
sibly in' the harbor of ..Santiago. . ¦
Ho had not however, been Informed of any
secret code for communicating with the Cu
ban insurgents near Cienfuegos.- He had, • ho
said, taken "dispatches for. Commodore Schley,"
and while not certain whether there was more
than one package, he was under the impres
sion there was more' than that number. One
of the dispatches carried at this time was, the
witness thought, that signed by Secretary Long
and dated Washington, 12:30 o'clock, May 20,
and beginning: "The report of the Spanish
fleet being at Santiago de Cuba might very
well be correct, so the department strongly a<l-"
vises that you send word Immediately by the
Iowa to Schley to proceed off Santiago with'
his whole command, leaving one small .vessel
off Cienfuegos." ¦ '. . •;
• : t Condition of the i Sea. ¦[ -¦
"I do not.'-'
. The - statement showed that the Massachu
setts could not have steamed more than fif
teen knots an hour and that In doing so she
would have consumed 180 tons per day. At this
rate . she could have chased the enemy ' for
1.8 days, returning via Yucutan'- Channel, or
for two days returning via the Windward
Passage. The witness said In reply, to ques
tions that- his statement contemplated aver
age conditions of weather and of the vessels.
Mr. "Raynor— You have taken as a base for
coaling a number of ports. You took Gonaives,
the Moles iand . Kingston. .Those are ports that
have Just been given, you from which to make
the calculation.
"These ports were Just mentioned to me here
to-day."
."You, of course, know nothing about- our
right to coal in those ports?"' _ •
Mr. Raynor brought out 'the information con
cerning the time the coal on each- of the ves
fcels would have lasted on forced draught, in
chasing the enemy's vessels, taking the amount
of coal on each May 26, and leaving sufficient
coal to return to Key West. Mr. Raynor read
the Information from Mr. Dyson's .tabulated
statement showing that the Iowa would have
consumed 243 tons of coal a day, the Texas 180
tons a day and tho Marblehead 77 tons. The
estimate would, he said, give the Brooklyn 2.3
days' chase returning by way of the Yucutan
Channel and 2.35 days' chase returning by the
Windward Passage; the Iowa a chase of 1.2
days. The Texas would have a chaso of three
fourths of a day and returning by way of the
Windward Passage nine-tenths of a day. The
Marblehead would have a chase of two-tenths
of a day by the Yucutan Channel and four
tenths by the Windward Passage.
Coal on the Ships.
rect the , official copy of his testimony. ' He
said that while he had not seen the Brooklyn
swing with starboard helm .he < was sure that
she. did so swing. Lieutenant Dyson, who was
on the witness stand yesterday when the court
adjourned, was then recalled. He had added
to his ' coal history of the fleet Information as
to how the coal supply the fleet had on hand
May- 26 would have held out .. under •¦ forced
draught. 'This information was "contained in
a chart which was read by Judge Advocate
Lemly. . ¦
The witness also read the same Information
from a tabulated statement. The chart cov
ered the period from May 18 to June 1. It
showed that on May 20 the. Brooklyn's supply
of coal was 9C2 tons;. the Iowa, 784 tons; the
Texas, 408, and the Marblehead, 122 tons.. He
raid that on May 24 the Brooklyn had coal
enough 'aboard- to have remained on blockade
duty off Santiago for twenty-five days and
then to have returned to Key West ; the
Massachusetts enough to remain seventeen
days and ! then go to Key West; the Iowa
enough for eleven days, the Texas seven days
and the Marblehead one day. This was assum
ing that they would have gone by the- Yucatan
Channel. He also gave an estimate of the
length of time they could have remained and
gone to Gonalves Channel, Cape Cruz, Mole St.
Nicholas, Kingston, Port Antonio, Jamaica,
Guantanamo Bay, th« time of remaining on
blockade being Increased as the distance to the
various points diminished.
Mr. Radnor remarked - that he supposed It
would be conceded that '¦ the word "Santiago"
as given above was a mistake, and that it
should be "Clenfuegos." Captain , Lemly • re
plied that he would make 'no such concession,
and a tilt followed between- counsel concern-
Ing the accuracy of Government publications.
It closed- with an understanding, that .the ori
ginal document should be supplied,. to-morrow.
In .reply . to a question by Mr. r Raynor i ag . to
the- condition of the weather from:May.24 to
May 26, Captain Rodgera replied: • . .- •
"I do not . recollect the events of the night
of May 24. My recollection is that on the
morning and throughout , the day ¦ of the 25th
the wind was fresh from a. direction generally
ahead.- Our course .was generally, southeast
ward. The eea depends entirely upon the size
of the ship. It waa what I should call a mod-
Cross-examined on the dispatches carried' by
the Iowa; Captain - Rodgers • was asked If the
"Dear Schley" letter dated at Key West," May.
20, 1898, -written by Admiral Sampson, in which
the statement was made that "I: am of the
opinion that our best chance of success In cap
turing the enemy's- ships will- be to hold Cien
fuegos and Havana," was Included in .these
dispatches, i The -witness replied- that he had
no knowledge '.what the i ¦ envelope ¦- contained..
While the examination on this point was in
progress Mr. Raynor read the letter, includ
ing the following extract:
"If later it should develop that these vessels
are at Santiago, we - could then assemble off
that- port the ships best suited for the purpose
and completely blockade it. . Until' we , receive
more - positive information • we shall -continue
to hold Havana, and Santiago." • - ;. . .' ¦ *. ¦
"Dear Schley" Letter.
The afternoon session of the Schley court be
gan with Captain Rodfjers still on the stand.
He stated In reply to questions that he was
the senior member of the Naval Board of Sur
vey, appointed by Admiral Sampson to examine
the wrecked Spanish vessels. ' . ; .
"The purpose of this line of examination was
to bring out the witness' - knowledge concern
ing the effect of the Brooklyn's gunnery in the
battle off- Santiago July 3. Captain Rodgers
stated that the Brooklyn was the only vessel
that fired five-inch shells and Mr. Raynor said
that a careful computation, based upon the
report of the board of survey showed that
twelve five-Inch shells bad been found on the
four Spanish vessels. ¦ i g ¦
¦ Mr. . Raynor presented a . statement showing
the number of shells found on the vessels of
the Spanish fleet, and - the witness ' was asked
to state the percentage, of five- inch shells, as
suming the statement to be correct, Captain
Rodgers replied that the total number of hits
was thirty-five, and that, therefore, the flve
inch shell hits constituted 34 per cent of all
the hits. Mr. Raynor said that the statement
had been prepared by Admiral Schley. The
witness also said he knew that the Brooklyn
had eight-Inch guns, but Mr. Raynor said the
admiral's computation was not intended -to
cover that feature. His only purpose was to
make- the showing for five-inch guns," these
being unmistakably the Brooklyn's. ,
Gunnery on Brooklyn.
Captain . Rodgers related two or three in
stances in which the ships of the flying squad
ron were cleared for action upon signal from
the flagship Brooklyn before May 31, when
vessels were discerned ' in the distance.'. .- In
each case the vessels proved to be American
ships. Each time the signal was to clear to
action and make speed of twelve knots an hour.
He also told of the bombardment--or-recon
naissance of the Cristobal Colon on May 31.
in which the Iowa participated. He said the
vessels were all in formation and following
tho flagship, which, 'in that Instance,; was the
Massachusetts. The range was at first given
as 7000 'yards for this engagement, but the
shots fell bo far short. that the range was in
creased to 11,000 yards. These latter shots fell
Into the chanrielin which the Colon lay. Some
of them must have fallen with 2500 yards of
the Spanish ship.-
Describing Commodore Schley's blockade of
the harbor at Santiago, Captain Rodgers said
that the fleet " maintarned a position of seven
or eight miles out with the Marblehead and the
Vixen inside • the- line. He remembered that
th Marblehead was on the Inside from the fact
that some of the vessels in the squadron had
fired at her. He could not say whether the
fleet was further out in the day than at night,
or vice versa. He thought the Vixen and the
Marblehead could have been seen by moon
light, but not after the moon had set.
Captain Kodgers had concluded his testimony
In chief when the court adjourned for luncheon.
"When the collier can deliver coal, can a
battleship like the Iowa take it?" . < _.
V With a ship .like the- Iowa with no broad
side guns, the danger in coaling at saa.-is'en
tirely to the collier." • . • f' '¦ ' ¦ :¦¦.- *-,
"Is ' there any more danger to a collier with
a battleship on- either; side ?"/¦*•' .
, "There. would be very great danger to a. col
lier in coaling battleships with a -battleship on
either, side." ¦¦ • .-
Position of the Vessels.
erate sea. I recollect tbe,.wfnd continued fresh
that evening. Next morning we. must have
got around the cape J headed eastward. The
weather had moderated considerably.' and on
the late afternoon the weather was, I should
say, fine with a smooth sea."
• "How. were the sea and weather for small
fchips like the Vixen and Eagle?" ...
"I should say on Thursday the weather for
small ships would have~been considered fresh
and certainly . my recollection of seeing the
Eagle on that day was that she was making
what you might call 'heavy weather.' I
should say on that occasion the sea was what
one finds In that neighborhood when there is
a fresh wind." . ¦ - .'-.¦
The court asked a number of questions of
Commander Itodgers, the most important of
which, together with the responses of- the
witness, were as follows: *•
By the court — was any other attempt made
by the flying squadron, except that of May 31,
to destroy the Colon? V
"None whatever to the best of my
knowledge and belief."
"What was the speed of the Iowa when
passing the harbor of Santiago on the 31st of
May?"
"We were directed to speed ten knots, and
I should say that on the first run by we were
making about that speed."
"Were the Brooklyn and Texas so close to
gether at the commencement of the battle of
July 3 that a" collision was likely?"
"I caw the Brooklyn and Texas at the be
ginning of the battle. The Brooklyn was then
lying a mile or more away from the Iowa,
bearing the general direction westward. The
Texas was between the Iowa and the Brook
lyn" and the Texas was not more than half
a mile from us. .When .the Iowa steamed in
the Texas was under our port bow. and the
Brooklyn, as I saw her then, .was steaming
in the direction general northeast.
• "Shortly after that the fire begaln to get a
little hot. We were struck twice and the car
penter came to me and said there had- been a
fire in one of the compartments. ,1 went down
to that compartment to see what had been
done, and if the court refers to the possibility
of a collision ' between the Texas and the
Brooklyn, that must have occurred while I was
below, because when I came back to the gal
lery outside the conning tower, the Brooklyn
was 'then off our port bew some distance from
us, steaming in a westward . direction."
"Did Commodore Schley open In your pres
ence the package you . handed him at Clep.
fuegos?" , ,. . ¦ ¦••¦ .¦-¦„. '
is "To the best of my recollection, yes.'.'
. "Did he make any comment to you regurd
lng these dispatches I"
¦ "Not that I recall.' Ho discussed or stated
the conditions "existing there. This wa» never
general." ' , •• _
"Can you from your conversation with Com
modore Schley designate the dispatch he re
ceived?" .-.-•• : - .
"I cannot."- . ¦
At this point Commander Rodgers waa excused
and Judge Advocate Lemly, after stating that
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson would be the
next witness, pending his appearance again
brought up the question as to whether the word
"Santiago" had been substituted by mistake
for the word "Clenfuegos" in the letter written
by Admiral Sampson to Commodore Schley. on
May 20. beginning "Dear, SchleyV' Captain
Lemly said:. ¦-.• .V . .
Controversy. Over I*etter.
"The word , was orieinally 'Santiago' as It is
printed in the Senate document. The difference
appears to be a matter of punctuation, and in
the- letter.' as it appears copied In Admiral
Sampson's copy-book, it reads 'until we then
receive more positive information we shall con
tinue to hold Havana and Santiago.'- The word
'then' in the letter as printed refers back to
other matters relating to Santiago, ! and the
punctuation would appear to give It the mean
ing of, therefore, "until we therefore receive,"
which is not intended, but it means really 'until
we then,' after the arrival of Cervera at San
tiago, 'receive . further information,' etc. • The
original however, will still be -forthcoming."
Mr. Raynor, | after securing Captain Lenity's
permission, read two or three sentences from
Admiral Sampson's letter as follows:
"Please send Scorpion to communicate with
those vessels at Santiago and direct one of them
to report to the department from St. Nicholas
Mole or - Cape Haytien. ' The change which I
have made in the plans strongly advised by the
department. ¦ As soon as | this vessel has com
municated-with the department on her return
to the vicinity of . Santiago, learn the condi
tion of affairs and at once report at Havana or
Clenfuegos, as he may think most advantage
ous." . ' ' -, -
"This," said he, "I want to call to the at
tention of the. Judge advocate." - ';.-.;
Mr. Raynor . continued : "I cannot take that
word- 'Santiago' to '. mean anything else but
'Clenfuegos.' It cannot possibly mean anything
else. It la an imputation 'upon Commodore
Schley and I cannot permit that imputation to
rest without summoning the author of that le-
Quest."
When the ' colloquy In regard to Admiral
Sampson's disnatch closed for the time Com
mander. Hodgson took the oath. He said he
had been the navigator of Commodore Schley's
flagship, the Brooklyn, during the war with
Spain and was on the bridge on the day of
the battle of July 3. Detailing the paiticulaH
of the engagement,' he said: "I heard the ex
ecutive officer. Lieutenant Commander Mason
sing out: 'Clear ship for action,' and th& crew
lmmedlately dispersed ' to quarters, I bavins
sounded the general alarm previously. The
commodore shortly appeared on the bridge. We
were at that time headed about west-northwest.
I told him that there was nothing doing, and
he said 'Go ahead.' I rang six bells and asked
if- he had not better hold her head steady to
see what course the Spaniards proposed to pur
sue. I do not remember his reply exactly to
that, because immediately afterward r told
him they were evidently making for us, and
he said: • 'Go for them,' and I rang four bells
and put the helm aport.
Commodore on I>eck.
"Captain Cook appeared on the bridge at this
time and I told him that everything was con
nected up at the conning tower, and that we
were ready to go ahead, and in fact we were
going ahead. The commodore took his posi
tion on a platform he had had built around
the conning tower where he could be in easy
communication . with the commanding officer
inside, and I remained on the bridge.
"The executive officer had given previously
the order to mam the starboard batteries I
sang out to him we were going into action
with port helm, and he shifted over to the
port battery. We were then standing for the
enemy, and as the guns were brought to bear
Lieutenant Simpson fired & little off the port
bow the first gun In the forward eight-inch
tunx*. From that time on.we went consider
ably in toward them.
"r went down to where the commodore was
standing to get Into the conning tower, when
I heard him sing out, 'Lrfjok out. Cook, they- are
going to ram you.'
''Captain Cook said he would look after that
and starboarded the helm a little to parallel
the course of the leading vessel, the Maria
Teresa, which had made" a broad sheer to port
He had hardly made that sneer, however to
port before he fell off again, for.tha reason
apparently, that a shot was fired from the'
Brooklyn's eight-inch gun. The Teresa got
abaft our port beam and the helm was ported
on the Broklyn immediately after. We were
swinging with port helm. I heard the commo
dore sing out: 'Hard aport,'. or words to that
effect, and Captain Cook sang out. 'Helm is
aport.' I saw at that time the crucial mo
ment had c#me in making the turn and I
suggested to the . commodore that that turn
would run us into the Texas or close to her"
"What did you say and what was the re
ply T' asked the judge advocate.
"As near as I can recall I said: 'Commodore,
If you go to the starboard you ¦ will run Into
the Texas,' and he said, 'Damn the Texas, 1
cannot help that. She must look out for her
self. He will take care of that,' and he also
said, 'I don't -propose to go In any closer and
subject myself to a torpedo attack.'
"I suggested : then that we back the star
board engine, and he wanted to know why
and I said 'because it would give the Texas a
wider - berth and shorten our turning 1 circle *
Captain Cook objected to this and so did the
commodore, but there was a moment's discus
sion as to whether it would be better to turn
a smaller circle with less speed or take the
larger tactical diameter with faster speed.' It
was decided that it was very essential to get
around quickly, as the leading Spanish shin
was then standing. to the westward and If the
Brooklyn did not stop her she had a' good
chance of escaping. So the helm was put hard
aport. ... .
Chase of tlie Eneinyl
•t said I would run. up on topof the brldee
and look out for the Texas. -As I was ffolne
up I asked the chief quartermaster if he had
seen a torpedo-boat, and he -said he had seen
one blown up by a large shell way In the
rear. I said I had not seen any. as I told th<»
commodore previously. The hejm. however"
was kept , hard aport. The Brooklyn swung
clear o£ the Texas and brought- around with
helm hard aport until she brought • In siirht
the leading Spanish vessel, the Viscaya, the
Teresa having fallen off - and gone Inshore
seeking a berth. '¦"¦¦¦¦
"Aa soon as we were around at the proper po
sition the helm was eased so that we parel
leled the course of the Vizcaya,' which at
that time was about 2400 or 2500 yards on our
starboard bow. The Colon was probably on
the beam or a little forward or the beam the
Oquendo abaft the starboard beam. The
Oquendo very soon fell out and ran inshore
afire and then we devoted our attention solely
to the Colon and Vizcaya." • ¦ - - ¦¦
Judge Advocate — How near was the Texas to
the Brooklyn : when the ¦¦ latter cruiser crossed
her -bows?
"I suppose It was about 259 or 300 yards.".
Interesting Contention at the Court of Inquiry That a Mistake /Was Made by the Commander in Chief When He
SCHLEY^S i^ORN^ -
UNCLE &/\AVS' NEXT CAMPAIGN: THE WAR AGAINST THE YELLOW PRESS.
* . —From Life, June, 1893.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— Next Wednes
day, the 9th, of October. Rear Admiral
Schley ¦will retire from the active list of
the navy by ase limit, and from present
prpjsyecf this will take place while the
Court of Inquiry is still Jn session. Hjs
retirement will promote two captains to
tw rear admirals. Captain Frank Wildes,
•who was in command of the Boston dur
ing the battle of Manila Bay, now heads
the list of captains. He was promoted
for ¦war service and. under the law, his
advancement must not retard the regular
course of promotions. Therefore Captain
Henry Glass also vdll enter the list of
rear admirals.
Other promotions resulting- from Ad
miral Schley's retirement will be those of
Commanders F. P. Gilmore and Eugene
Iv?utze, who become captains, and Lieu
tenant Commanders Staunton and Bart
lett, who become commanders.
SCHLEY TO BETISE WEDNESDAY
Aflmiral Schley returns thanks for the denial
furnished, adding, touching the colloquy, "your
statement that It never occurred Is absolutely
true."
Under date cf "VTashington, Junn 10, 1893,
Admiral Schley. disclaiming any sense of an
noyance from the newspapers' comment*, save:
"But I do feel for yourself that a colloquy
should be made up by them that did not occur
between you and me, and it -fr this that I
desire to protect you against. Of course, you
did not authorize this, and it Is this dialogue
•which should be denied. I have no recollec
tion whatever of anything- of the kind, and
my etory is exceedingly clear of the events
cf that day, for I never felt In my life less
excitement or more steadiness of Judgment
than when the Dons came out that day. When
the turn was made the Brooklyn was, In my
Judgment, within the distance of their tactical
diameter, and if it had been made to port
we should have passed Inside their line, but
having them <xi>osea to the Interrupted flre
of ail the sh!pa, »o Important in the earlier
moments in the fight, the proper strategy of
& battle "was to avoid Interfering with that,
ar.d the sequel shows that we made no mls
t&k%. Cook really gave the order, which I
Approved, and .it Is possible that your con
versation was with him, but the Sun's effort
has been to promote the notion that you and
I had a controversy at the critical moment
and this Is unjust to you and me. What 1
de»Ire Is Blmply your denial that any such
colloquy occurred, anfl I win see that proper
correction Is made to cover you from this eran
der. There Is much in your letter that I
tY.mlA Jtot like to use. as it would provoke
assault upon you, which I am unwilling to
have happen, but what I want to show Is
eimplr this dialogue <lid not occur, and that
ehown, the nrj»ole flimsy csnard falls to the
sreund. Make your letter short as possible"
On June U Hodgson writes: "The colloquy
published In the Sun, and alleged to have
taken place between you and me on the day
of the battle off Santiago, July 8, isss, never
occurred."
Hodgson goes on tr> declare that he was under
the impression, up to the time he saw the
New York Sun publication. !n regard to th a
colloquy, that Schley made the turn to star
board because the conditions were as he
<Hodgson) had stated. Continuing, he assures
the admiral that he -would have never given
the explanation he had cf the loop had he for
a moment suspected that the admiral had given
any other reasons /
Hodgson suggests that in making the sug
gestion he was discharging his duty as the
navigator of the i>h!p. charged with her safety,
and at the moment did not consider the effect
of the turn upon the results of the battle, and
he added: "I immediately perceived that your
cool judgment at this trying moment had en
abled you to consider the results of your de
cision, and then, as now, it seems to me that
you had decided most wisely, that It was a
strategical move of the greatest Importance
and that the result of the battle proved its
wisdom."
Hodgson writes that he then suggested back
ing the starboard engine, "because it would
shorten the circle and give the Texas a wider
berth. 11 and that Schley replied, after a pause,
"No. because It would deaden our speed of
turning, end you wish to get around as quick
as possible. For weeks alter the battle Cap
tain C<v:k was under the impression that we
had backed the starboard engine."
Then Hodgson gives his explanation of the
turn. He tells cf the belief that existed that
the Spanish ships outclassed the Americans In
speed, and that in the absence cf the New
York the Brooklyn was the only American ship
capable of preventing the escape of the Spanish
ehips should they escape the fire of the battle
chips. The Spanish torpedo-boats were also to.
be reckoned with. "Therefore," says Hodgson,
"after rutting the helm to starboard and to
port once or twice to counteract the efforts of
the Teresa and Viscaya to get Into closer
action and ram us, and after the leading Span
ish vessel had reached just a little abaft our
port beam, you decided to port the helm and
turn around in chase to prevent the escape of
any of the Spanish vessels."
Hodgson writes that he suggested that the
Texas was aft their starboard beam, and that
there was danger of running Into her and
getting right across her line of fire, and that
i~chley replied that the Texas would have to
look out for that; that it was imperative to
get around immediately, and by "turning to
port you would be so close to the enemy that
you would expose yourself to attack from the
torpedo boats, that a lucky shot or two by
the enem^ might disable the Brooklyn and
that you did not propose to run such a risk
at that stage of the battle, when it was so
unnecessary and when so much depended upon
the epeed of the Brooklyn.
Hodgson then tells cf the rage with which the
Brooklyn men heard the sinister whisper, upon
her return to Guantanarno Bay, that they were
"gun shy," and he says he gave what he
thought was a true explanation of that turn
to many officers of the fleet, none of whom
failed to agree w|th him. He explains that
Admiral Schley regarded this turn as a strat
egical maneuver, "locking- to the further part
the Brooklyn was to play in that day's battle
rather than as an effort to avoid interfering
with the fire of the other- vessels of the fleet.
In fact. I thought then, as I think now, that
the turn to starboard caused more interfer
ence."
On June 6. VSSt. Admiral Schley wrote Lieu
tenant Hodgson, inclosing an editorial from
the New York Sun, alleging that a colloquy
had occurred between Schley and Hodgson on
the bridge of the Brooklyn during the battle
of Santiago, in the course of which the admiral
is reported to have said: "Damn the Texas; let
her look out for heiself." In reply to Hodgson's
remonstrance against turning the ship to star
beard. Characterizing this as a grotesque lie,
the admiral asked Hodgson to write "your de
nial of this o:t-rcpeai.ed calumny." On June 8
Hodgson responded in a very lone letter, dated
at the New York Navy Yard, denying he au
thorized the publication of any conversation,
and making a long explanation of what he says
occurred during the battle. He added that what
was printed "as a part of a conversation be
tween you and me is substantially correct,
though not as to the manner in which it took
j>la<?e." •
"WASHINGTON, Oct. i.— Copies of corre
epcnderice between Lieutenant Hodgson arid
Admiral Schley during the period from June 6,
IS??, to August 25, 19C1, were given to the press
to-day with the statement that the corre
eponfiene*? will be submitted to the Schley court
by Lieutenant Hodgson while on the witness
stand. Most of it already has been published
in the new.'papcrs, although a part of it had
not been published heretofore.
LETTER HODGSON WSOTE.
A story is In circulation among: the
clubs, purporting to come from a titled
member cf the late Queen Victoria's
household, giving color to the cancer
story and saying: that court circles are
discussing the possibility of no corona
tion taking place next year. It is impos
sible, however, to obtain tangible corrob
oration of this report.
ABERDEEN, Oct. 4.— Sir James Reid,
the distinguished physician, who is stay
ing in this vicinity, has been summoned
to Balmoral. The Aberdeen Evening
News says King Edward is suffering from
lumbago.
LONDON, Oct. t.— The coincidence ot
the announcement of King Edward's In
disposition with the publication of revived
rumors regarding cancer in the newspa
pers of Copenhagen, from which city his
Majesty has just returned, and where se
crets of the British court are more likely
to leak out than eisewhere, is causing
some commotion here, und the fact that
the customary court circular does not ap
pear in this morning's paper3 adds to the
uneasy feelingr. which is not allayed by
the explanation of the King's indisposi
tion ghen by Sir Francis Leaking, his Maj
esty's physician. Sir Francis is in no way
a specialist and is paying- merely a social
visit at Balrnora.1.
Court Official Reported to
Confirm Story About
Cancer.
Indisposition of Edward
Excites Great Com
motion.
KI NG'S ILLNESS
ALARMS BRITAIN
THE "6AN;-HIANCISc6;;;OALL,; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
3
All six-month subscribers
of The Daily Call are entitled
to a copy of The Call Atlas at
the premium rate of $1 50.
SPLENDID ATLAS
FOR SUBSCRIBERSPrelates, Presbyters and ; Laymen Work in Harmony for ttiejE^|fit pf the Prot^^^Ej^j^palf CHurch-— Elo^
quent Addresses Mark Third Day of the important Sessions of Ae Distinguished Church Worl^rs*
BANKER GEORGE C THOMAS DELIVERS STIRRING APPEAL
AND SECURES BIG SUM OF MONEY FOR THE RESERVE FUND
HOUSES OF BISHOPS AND DEPUTIES HOLD A JOINT SESSION
AS MEMBERS OF BOARD OF MISSIONS OF EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Continued on Page Eight.
Under advisement' of the Commlsion on In
creased Responsibilities the board of managers
has made some progress, slight and slow, in
regard to the ministrations of this church in
Porto Rico and the "Philippine Islands. The
Bishop of Shanghai, as Bishop in charge of the
Philippine : Islands, has made one visitation,
and all missionary -appointments and mission
ary arrangements arc under his direction, v
'Aqtion has been taken by the board of man
agers upon various matters referred to it by
the board of missions in 1893. as follows:
The board of missions ureed .the managers
to appropriate $70,000 for the work among the
colored people. The resolution was * considered,'
but the board found Itself unable at the begin
ning of the triennial period to enlarse its
former appropriation of $56,800. • But later on
It' did • appropriate $62,000. and still later, ¦ in
1900, added $1200 from the Woman's Auxiliary
United ¦ Offering ¦ for Women Workers, and
$10,000 divided equally between St. Augustine's,
Raleigh, 'and Bt. Paul's School, Lawrenceville;
so that the total appropriation' for the last
year for work among the colored people was
$78,200. ."'-.. ¦ •' . . .,¦:_-. ,. ¦ ,. - .. ¦ ;
The. membership of the board of managers
during the last, year has been, changed,! the
Rev. Heman Dyer, D.D., . the Rev. John:Wes
ley Brown,' D.D., and the Hon. John A. King
having died and Mr. Bache McJEvers Whltlock
having t resigned. ."And ln their stead the fol
lowing members -have ' been added-' by election:
Rev. Ernent • M. r Stlres," D.D., Rev. Randolph
H;:McKim,D.D.,;RAthbone Gardner,- William
W. Frazier and William R. Butler. While
this report' Is preparing comes the news of the
death of the Bishop of. Long Island, one of
the oldest . and most devoted members of the
board. The . deaths within the year of the
Bishop coadjutor of Springfield, the Bishop of
who' made the visitation of Porto Rico under
the epEointment of the presiding Bishop. •
Resolved, That. the board do further report
to the General Convention that in its judgment
the meager attendance of. elected ¦. members at
recent missionary councils warrants the con
clusion that more general ¦ Interest should be
aroused ¦• ln v the council, and also more car«
exercised in the election of members who can
and will attend arid that better reports be
¦ Resolved. That in the Judgment of the board
the amendment to Title III. Canon VII, Arti
cle IV, referred to this board by the last Mis
sionary Council, • is not desirable or expedient.
Resolved, That the board of managers to
whom an amendment to Title III, Canon VII
Article IV. was ref.rred by the. General Con*
vention of 1888. do report to the said General
Convention that , in its Judgment said amend
ment Is at present Inexpedient. . . •
The whole subject of the missionary council
was referred by the General Convention at its
last session to the board of. managers to re
port at this session. Two points were specially
under consideration: One, from the missionary
council of 1900, suggesting the" provision for
an annual missionary council in each diocese;
the other, a Joint resolution from the last Gen
eral Convention proposing to hold missionary
councils annually in each of four division* of
the whole territory of the United States.' But
the board failed to see Its way to recommend
either of these changes and reports to the
General Convention the following resolutions
as the result ot its consideration of the sub
ject: ¦ ... ¦• •
ask, what certainly is only the most scant
consideration, and the smallest courtesy, that
they be read and pondered by the church.
Charged by the General Convention and by
the board of missions, meeting three years ago,
to consider and report , upon several subjects
referenced, to them, the mar.agers add the fol
lowing statement of action taken or propo?ed:
th!s responsibility really rests the women and
the children are thoroughly roused and in
earnest, and what remains and seems most
needful Is that the men -should be stirred. ¦¦
If they felt the game corporate ¦ spirit, the
same • corporate enthusiasm, the same corpo
rate responsibility that the. children of the
Sunday-schools feel, the, ' whole missionary situ
ation might be transformed in a decade. Be
sides the hundred thousands - from . the mite
boxes, there would be millions from the banks.
The organized work of the . Sunday-schools,
under, the inspiration . of the treasurer of the
board, and through the energetic capacity of
the Rev. Dr. Duhring, which in 1900 gave
$97,000, has surpassed itself this -year and
given. over $104,000 from 3467 schools. \ .
With regard to missions in foreign countries
the board met' the estimates . from-the Bishops
without diminution, and the total of all ap
propriations for the fiscal year 1901-2 has been
announced to the church as $610,000, subject to
slight increase to meet special opportunities or
emergencies during the year. But at this very
time, the meeting ln May, the outlook for
closing the present fiscal year without arrear
age was most unpromising. It then appeared
that there would be a deficit on Aujruat 3J. of
at least $100,000. The board, therefore, felt
compelled to qualify its action making the ap
propriations by the adoption of the following
resolution: * • ¦
Resolved, That, ln case the ' contributions
leg-acies and Interest from trust funds for the
year , ending September • 1, . 1901, shall fall to
meet the appropriations for the same period
and, provided that said deficit at the close of
the year shall be found to be not less than
one hundred thousand ; dollars ($100,000), ' a re.
duct ion at . the rate . of 10 per cent on all ap-
Continued on Page Fire.
Resolved, That the board of managers be and
is hereby authorized and instructed to employ
district secretaries, whose duty it shall h».
First, to arouse Interest ln missionary O w™'
tlons of th« church; second, to solicit™
rochlal and personal pledges and gifts for ail
departments of missionary work: third to im
part missionary information and distribute Ht
erature; fourth, to encourage and assist th»
formation of auxiliary societies and to ni
ganize subsidiary societies whenever nractl
cable; fifth/ to urge upon diocesan conventions
archdeaconries and deaneries the acceptance of
appropriations or assessments which mavh.
directed or requested. ¦<--<¦• v may **
In. support of the resolution, the BlshoD
read an : . excerpt from the Church of
Georgia. He said "nothing will reach the
American pocketbookbut religion in the
Bishop Nelson of Georgia secured the
floor and introduced the following reso
lution: .
He dwelt on the usefulness and prog
ress of "The Young .Christian Soldier"
and "The Spirit of Missions." The latter
paper, he said, had a circulation of 15,000
copies a month. What it first needed for
Its advancement was candid and construc
tive criticism, and next co-operation and
support from clergy and laity.
"When Mr. Woods finished he was greet
ed with applause. Bishop Tuttle then an
nounced that memorials and resolutions
were in order.
WANTS SECRETABIES
TO BE MISSION-ABIES
PRpMPTLTT at 3 o'clock Bishop Tut
tle opened the afternoon session.
He called ; for the singing of a
hymn and .at its conclusion deliv
ered a prayer, which was respond
ed to by the members present..
• John W. Woods, corresponding secre
tary of the ¦ publications of the Mission
ary Society, delivered an interesting ad
dress. He said the department had to be
run on large and comprehensive lines and
it was equally true that information deal
ing with large issues must be presented
in attractive form. He stated that dur
ins the past year 15,000,000 pages of read
ing matter In the form of. pamphlets had
been Issued at a cost of $10,300. Including
postage, printing and paper.
Resolutions Offered to Afford Relief to -the
Dioceses* .
fn a & Sr ' CdS9 ln th ° hCad and «<Mty
lSrr^ t ?rs
The following committee was appointed:
MR. VAN BOKKELEN
USES S02IE STRATEGY
egYte U f^V M H, Van , Bokkelen. a lay di
lution th£? California, submitted a reso
hecfl U Mir,^ a 5 put forth as a "rider" so
by hnAFm! 09 a resolu "°n prepared
ce«an ¦ Boar* ? e //f' secretary of the Dlo
follows: Ot J " s si°n=- This resolution
in-\Ve h d M for U ™ r a ecosrnmoa of tls « missionary aid
Foreign Ml..?™ y ye J Lrs . by the Domestic and
the work in fhft SoCl9t T of th « cl >urch to
the record of th! dl i?! s^ ot . California, and of
shown in rii,, he » elt - h . el » fostered by such aid
a centuJv- California church statistics for half
whf^h J? : ?.? d - turther - for th* many bounties.
Resoivprt ™ d . t0 * lve than «ceive. B« it
n-emor.^' , h fv a3 In 8ome measure com-
Con^emiiT. °/A he m « et » n * °* «"» «rst General
convention of the new century, and of its first
ine poard of missions of the diocese n* fail
on rn t& £ h betOken Wtn t°wart selffsup^n
on the other ocean, hereby asks the privilege
slonary Society from the making . of any fur
border£ Pr ° PrlatlCn8 fOr the whu * ™rk in our
Resolved.. That the treasurer of thia board
to D a J, a /nt de ?h ty / rOm t . he dlocese be "nstrSclei
iSL^ % * . e tore S° tn « resolutions to the
board of missions at Its coming meeting of
mtrfh Bol f kelen aro «sed a deal of
™^L by *£ e c } ever manner In which he
tt nuf,l? r >, hearlnsr - A m °«°n was mada
to place the report on the table. The mo
tion was lost. Deputy George E. Butler
2nwn«?n ty *£ n t* $ e mention of the
havl ?hf n and ; iT *. » ak *n8 a motion to
said: re P°" adopted as a resolution.
One hundred and twenty-five years ajo In
BEADS LONG REPORT
The Bishop of Albany then presented
the triennial report of the board of man
agers to the Board of Missions relating to
the domestic and foreign missions of the
Episcopal church.
The distinguished prelate charmed all
present by his fluent and pleasing style
of speech, and. though the report read
was a very long one, it was listened to
with the greatest interest. The Bishop's
voice could be heard in every portion of
the church, despite the poor acoustic
properties of the edifice. •
The report of the board of managers, as
read by Bishop Doane of Albany, was in
part as follows:
Surrendering into the hands of the General
Convention the position of honor and responsi
bility which they received three years ago. the
board cf iranafcrs present the report which
the cannon requires, comprising an outline of
the "missionary work prosecuted during the
preceding year In order to give a comprehen-
Flve view cf the progress, prospects and pres
ent condition of the work of the society "
There are three gradations of the. missionary
Bishop Potter cf New York moved to
amend the report by substituting the
word ' evening 7 ' for "afternoon," in order
to have the scheduled afternoon sessions
take place in the evening. The amend
ment of Bishop Potter was carried and
the amended report was also adopted.
BISHOP OF ALBANY
in double line and were preceded by Rev.
Dr. Samuel Hart, secretary of the House
of Bishops, who wore the cap of a doctor
of divinity. N6ne of the bishops wore
their robes of office, though some of them
were garbed in the black apron and high
gaiters distinctive of their rank.
All the members of the House of Depu
ties rose from their seats as the prelates
entered the church and remained stand
ing 1 until their superiors were seated on.
the platform. Some of the Bishops, how
ever, took seats with their delegations,
Bishop Potter of New York sitting next
to J. Pierpont Morgan and Bayard Cut
tins.
Bishop Tuttle of Missouri, the senior
Bishop present in order of consecration,
cccuplea the chair and called the board
to order. Bishop Doane of Albany and
the Lcrd Bishop of Newcastle took seats
next to the presiding officer.
The Bishop cf Connecticut, chairman of
the committee on the order of business
then read the outline of the programme
of the proceedings to be carried out by
the board during Its sessions. The pro
gramme is published in the diary of the
convention issued by the local press com
mittee, ana has already appeared in this
paper.
The reports from the African mission have
in them much encouragement In the prosper
ous condition of the school* and stations and
the record of thorough visitations from the
Bishop. The work under the supervision of
the board of managers . in our own enormous
land covers at once the missionary districts
and the dioceses, in which missionaries are
maintained, in part, by stipends from our gen
eral offerings.
From every hand the news comes back of
earnest enthusiasm, pushing and pressing the
Turning to our foreign work, the great tri
umphs of this last year have been won In
China. The Biehop of Shanghai, with a wise
courape and a fearless prudence, faced and
met the threatenings of danger, withdrawing
the workers from certain points and watching
the opportunities for their return. In the good
providence of God, no personal harm was done
to any of our missionaries. The story of the
other work abroad is marked with similar
tokens or God's blessing. Along quieter ways
and in more peaceful times, the .church in
Japan, with Its added' missionary district of
Kyoto and its new Bishop, is winning its
we,v to th# cinndence of the people.
SPREAD OF MISSIONS
UU FAR-OFF IJANDS
The managers are not disposed to raise the
vexed question of. what some people are In
: clined to count Intrusion, into countries
; claimed by the Roman communion as owing
allegiance to the Bishop of Rome. The policy
of this church Is plainly and positively settled
now. it takes In the oversight of the strug
gling native church of Mexico, ths mission
planted In the island of Cuba, and more re
cently, the sending of priests to Porto, Rico
and Manila to preach the pure gospel, to ad
minister the sacramenta on the primitive
terms of communion and to set the example
of a higher morality In the priesthood and
among the people. The church owes her high
est commendation to the army chaplains sta
tioned in Porto Rico and the Philippines for
their untiring devotion.
Of the progress of the work, so far as this
means entrance into new fields, mention may be
made first of the sending of missionaries into
the new territories acquired by, or brought into
relation with, this Government. There are and
were American citizens and churchmen in the
army and in the offices of Government, to
whom for awhile our chaplains ministered and
who have a rightful claim upon us for the
ministrations of the church. And especially In
the Philippine Islands, the services held by the
chaplain soon attracted the attention of the
native people, to whom the yoke of Roman op
pression, with Us unauthorized, terms of com
munion, and its association with the tyranny
cf some of the religious orders, had become a
bondage which neither "their fathers nor they
were able to bear."
To that great corporate body, through you,
the managers bring their report, whose details
of service, of business administration, of finan
cial accounting, are appended ; a report of the
progress, prospects and present condition of
the missionary work.
and Foreign Missionary Society Is the church
In America.
The scope of the Board of Missions is a vast one, dealing as it does with the mis
sionary work of the church at home and abroad. The report of the board of managers was pre
sented at the meeting and the statements of the treasurer were also received. While the contribu
tions from the members of the dioceses were very large they zuere not sufficient to cover the expenses
of the mission zvork and the reserve fund was drawn upon.
A rousing speech by George C. Thomas, treasurer of the funds of the mission board, was the
feature of yesterday's proceedings and resulted in pledges being made for $10,000 toward the re
serve fund. T}ie names of the gentlemen who will make the donations were kept secret.
The House of Bislwps held a short session yesterday and the House of Deputies transacted
considerable business. The missionary exhibition of the Woman's Auxiliary zuas opened and ser
vices zuere held by the Daughters of the King. A service was also held in the evening at Trinity
Church. .. ,
PRELATES PARTICIPATE IN THE OPEN SESSION
7 HE House pf Bishops and the House of Deputies of the General Convention of the Episcopal
Church met yesterday in joint session, sitting as the Board of Missions. \
FINANCIAL MATTERS
WIDELY DISCUSSED
SCENE OUTSIDE TRINITY CHURCH WHEN BOARD OF MISSIONS ADJOURNED AND PROMINENT DIGNITARIES DEPARTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL' SAUTEDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
work. Alaska being the first in alphabetical
order and the most recent and remote of our
undertakings comes to us with a report this
year of four centers of work established, with
the Bishop's church at Sitka, a church build
ing and rectory at Juneau, its three hosoitals
doing their merciful work at Skaguay, Circle
City and Rampart City, the last built by the
citizens and put into the Bishop's hands, a
church and mission house in Circle City and
missions established besides on Douglas Island
and at Nome City. ¦¦ "
The reports of the individual Bishop3 tell
their own story of service and success. They
are appended to this report and the Bishops
The Bishops walked from the Sunday
school room, where they hold their execu
tive sessions, and'entered the church**by
the Gcugti-street entrance. They formed
yesterday morning at Trinity
Church, when the prelates met jointly
with the House of- Deputies, forming the
board of missions. ". -?".'.
T/HE first opportunity of hearing
the Bishops of the Episcopal
• church in public, sessions of the
General Convention was -afforded
organization of this church,. of which the man
agers are the least and the lowest. 'They are
charged with limited powers and' unlimited
responsibilities to manage ¦ its general mis
sions. Above them Is the greater body — the
toard of missions— which is not the general
convention, although it includes the Bishops,
and the deputies and delegates of the House of
Deputies. And beyond this Is the great com
pany of all whom the society comprehends,
who are {ts constitutional members, namely,
all baptized people. ( The society itself Is con
terminous with the whole church. It is not
quite true that the General Convention is the
board of missions; It Is true that the Domestic
In looking: forward to - the prospects of the
work the board of managers Is compelled to
call the attention of the church to the fact
that of the three classes of people on whom
Olympia and the Bishop of Minnesota have
deprived the board of two ex-offlcio members;
while the consecration of the- Rev. R. H.
Weller as Bishop coadjutor of Fond du Lao
and the Rev. Dr. F. W. Taylor as Bishop
coadjutor of Quincy adds to . the ex-offlcio
membership. •¦' • . •• \ .--,¦'.
BOARD OF MANAGERS; - V
LOOK TO THE ' FTJTUBE
made and published of the' addresses delivered
at said councils. - ¦. ¦ . ¦
' •. In reference \io the , four resolutions adopted
ln< reserd: to the- church in Hawaii, Porto
Rico and other new territories, and also to
the ', care-; of the English-speaking people In
Mexico,' the board ot managers begs to report
first that no definite conclusion has yet been
reached ii*. r«sard to rthe work In the diocese
of Honolulu. Secondly, that so far as the dif
ferences are concerned between this church
and the Bishop of Antigua and the Arch
bishop of the West Indies (Jamaica), It Is be
lieved that a satisfactory settlement has been
reached 1 through the Bishop of West Virginia,
4The questions were referred as desired.
The chairman then announced that as
the hour of 11 had arrived the house would
adjourn to meet immediately with the
Bishops as the board of. missions. ' The
session then adjourned. .
ladies of the "Woman's Auxil-
I iary of the Pacific Coast worked
I with a will yesterday afternoon
JL in their efforts to transform' the
large house at 1609 Sutter street
into a lodge for the historical and mis
sionary exhibits. On one side of the
house the historical exhibits are placed,
on the other the missionary collections,
which tell the story of the work done in
far off lands. The formal opening will
take place this afternoon at 3 o'clock,
when the Woman's Auxiliary will hold a
formal reception.
From all the dioceses have come photo
graphs and monuments -of Episcopal
work. • Many interesting exhibits, which
the constitution — In order that they may save
us, perhaps, a large amount of discussion at a
time when it would be exceeding inconvenient.
I will not even ask that they be read, but
merely that they be referred to those several
committees. •. .
KING'S DAUGHTERS
HOLD QUIET SERVICE
HO SES OF BISHOPS AND DEPUTIES HOLD A JOINT SESSION AS MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF MISSIONS
Gough and Bush streets.
io:oo a. m— Meeting of the "Daughters of the King" at St. Luke's Church, Clay street and Van
- Ness avenue. Address by Bishop Nichols of California. Afternoon' session at 2
o'clock. .
Missionary and historic exhibition by Woman's Auxiliary. at 1609 Suiter street.
siT HE programme of the proceedings of the convention of the Protestant Episcopal church for
JL to-day is as follozvs:
p. -jo a. m— House of Bishops and House of Deputies resume their sessions at Trinity Church,
SCHEDULE OF EVENTS TO-DAY TOR CONVENTION
Continued from Page Four.
It was voted further to recommend that then
certain canons, to be hereafter named by this
Joint committee from the report of the commis
fion, be considered. It was voted further to
recommend that the convention adjourn sine die
It was voted to recommend that the House of
I>eputies. upon the conclusion of the action
upon the constitution, consider the report upon
iranrinal readings upon which the House of
Bishops has aiready acted. It was voted to rec
ommend that the canons on marriage, and di
vorce be n«-xt considered and then the report
of the committee on court of anneals.
Rev. Dr. Grcer of New York, a member
of the joint committee on the order of
business, reported as follows:
The joint committee on the dispatch of busi
ness organized with the choice of the Bishop
of New York as chairman and the Rev, Ed
ward F. Lyons secretary. After full considera
tion of the business before the convention it
wan voted to recommend that the House of
Uishops consider the constitution so soon as the
action of the House of Deputies shall have been
lecelved.
Many deputies spoke against the admis
sion of Rev. Mr. Csborn at the present
time, -expressing themselves that such ac
tion would not be courteous to the Bishop
of Hawaii, and especially as the matter
of the petition of the church in Hawaii
for admittance to the American church
would come up for discussion later on.
A motion to lay the resolution on the
table was carried by a vote of 187 yeas to
Vj noes, thus barring the Hawaiian clergy
man from the floor of the convention.
Reports from various other committees
were presented and ordered referred to
special committees appointed the previous
day by the chair.
COJOgJ.TT.E3a ON OBDER OF '
BUSINESS MftKB REPOET
The presentation of the report of the
committee on credentials caused a heated
debate as to the admission en the floor of
Rev. John Usborn of Hawaii. The com
mittee reported that it had accepted the
credentials of Rev. Mr. Usborn of St.
Clement's Chapel, Honolulu, and asked
that he be accorded the privileges of the
floor.
The House of Deputies of the General
Convention of the Episcopal Church re
sumed business yesterday mornins
promptly at 30 o'clock, there being a
large attendance of the members. The
reading of the minutes of the previous?
day was dispensed with and Rev. Dr.
L»iiidsay, the chairman, announced that
reports of committees would be in order.
Rev. Dr. Worthington of Ohio moved
that the house meet with the Bishops as
a board of missions at 11 o'clock and that
a message be sent to the upper house to
that effect. The motion prevailed and the
xn<bssa.ge was duly forwarded.
ulating the Women's Auxiliary
for the munificent gift they made to thc-
Board of Missions and expressing the
hope that the male members cf the
church would bo as generous. An ad
journment eras takpn at 11 o'clock and the
prelate* marched into the House of Dep
uties and sat with that body as a board
of missions.
ROUTINE business occupied the
House of Bishops yesterday
morning. A special resolution
was offered and adopted congrat-
on Thursday, October 17, and the pastoral let
ter and the letter from the House of Bishops
be read at the session of the convention, con
sisting of both houses, on that evening.
The report was adopted.
BISHOPS FIX DATE
TO CXOSE CONVENTION
Chairman Lindsay announced' that mes
sages had been received from the House
of Bishops Informing the house that it
had agreed to the recommendations of
the joint committee upon the discharge of
business and had adopted the following
resolution:
Resolved, the House of Deputies concurring,
That the General Convention of 1301 adjourn on
Thursday, October 17,- the hour of the closing
services «nd the reading of the pastoral letter
being; 8 o'clock in the evening.
Also Informing the house that the House
of Bishops had agreed to the resolution
contained in message No. 4, and would
meet with the House of Deputies in the
board of missions" at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York moved that
the house 'concurs In the message from
the Bishops, and it was done unanimous
ly. A second me?sage was received from
the House of Bishops saying that it would
meet with the House of Deputies at 11
a. m. as the board of missions.
Resolutions were then presented from
various delegations suggesting the selec
tion of the city in which the convention
of 1004 should be held. The delegations
that put forward their cities as'the next
place of the convention were those of
Pittsburg, Pa.. Boston, Mass., New Or
leans, La.. Cincinnati, Ohio, and Louis
ville. Ky. ,
BANKER MORGAN MAKES
HIS INITIAL SPEECH
J. Pierpont Morgan of New York made
his first appearance in the convention pro
ceedings as a speaker by presenting the
following resolution:
Resolved, the House of Bishops concurring,
That a committee of five be appointed to act
with a similar 1 committee of the House of
Bishops on the selection pf the place of meet
ing for the Joint convention of 19(M.
The resolution was duly adopted.
The delegation from Indiana presented
a resolution asking that the name of its
diocese be changed. The resolution was
placed on the calendar. ; Rev.- Dr. Daven
port of Rhode Island, in reporting for the
committee on marriage and divorce, pre
sented a resolution which was adopted.
The resolution is as follows;
In respect to the canon on marriage and di
vorce, as several members of that committee of
the house are also members of the commission
of both houses, in order to save the time of
making separate -notions in this house and tak
ing up your time about it. I will move that the
house committee on marriage and divorce have
leave to sit with the revision whenever it may
deem mutual action by these committees neces
sary.
Rev. Dr. Fulton of Philadelphia- then
addressed the house. • In part. he said: ,
I have two resolutions, -or rather Inquiries, to
be addressed to two of our principal commit
tees—one the committee on the Book of Common
Prayer and the other, the committee on amend
ments to the constitution. We are within a
short time to take into consideration the valu
able report on marginal readings, in connection
with which I think a very Important question
requires to be cleared up. It has been assumed
and apparently not considered that we'are free
to adopt the action taken yesterday by another
house under the constitution. I respectfully
question our power to act in that manner, and In
order to save the intrusion of a long debate upon
our constitutional competency I desire to pre
sent these two serious inquiries— one to the
committee on the Book of Common Prayer and
the other to the committee on amendment to
Resolution to Allow Hawaiian Clergyman the Privileges of House of
Deputies Causes Debate and Is Finally Rejected*
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY IS THANKED
FOR TRIENNIAL UNITED OFFERING
Continued on Page Eight.
proprlations for the coming year shall be made,
and a proportionate reduction for any, less
deficit; provided, further, that this reduction
Bhall apply proportionately only for the nine
months beginning December 1, 1901.
The entire . recelsts of the society for the
fiscal year ended August 31 . were $998,904 47.
This, sum includes the large receipts for
"."specials" and those for publications and mis
cellaneous purposes, which do not aid the board
in meeting its appropriations.'
The cost of administerinc the affairs of the
society and of making the work known to the
church was seven and seven-tenths per cent of
the receipts for missions, or six and six-tenths
per cent of the gross amount which passed
through the treasury, including, as before said,
subscriptions to the stated publications and
money received for miscellaneous purposes.
The number, of parishes and missions which,
contributed to the work of the society by any
agency is 4075 (but of these only 1993 sent offer
ings taken at church services). -For the year
ended August 31, 1900, 3963 contributed.
TEI/LS OF DEFICIT IN"
MISSION" BOARD'S FUND
The total amount at . the discretion of .the
board for the work for which it made itself
responsible was $526,557 50, of which $456,864 32
came from contributions ¦ and $69,633 18 from
legacies received during the year and $45SO from
legacies unused, received . the . previous year;
these legacies having been ' designated, by the
testators either for domestic or foreign mis
sions or. for the use of the society. This left
a' deficit in meeting the appropriations of $102,
710 26. . ' • . / . , \ .
The board is concerned chiefly to urge. that
whatever may be the difference of opinion as
to causes, the church will be led to meet the
Promptly at the noon'hour Bishop Tut
tl6 of Missouri; the ¦ presiding officer,
stopped the proceedings in order that
noonday prayer: might be held. On re
suming, business a . report was 1 read by
Rev. Dr. Lloyd, the general secretary of
the Board of. Missions. The report dealt
with the. scope of: the mission work and
the conditions and /obstacles under, which
the- missionary board was compelled- to
suffer. The report reviewed at length the
work of -.the past three years and pointed
out that urgent and immediate steps must
be taken to secure the funds necessary to
maintain the work of the Boara of Mis
sions of-, the church. The report; of the
Ex-Governor Prince of New Mexico
moved that the report be referred to a
committee consisting of three ..Bishops,
three presbyters and three laymen," which
was done by a unanimous vote. The re
ports of the Woman's Auxiliary and the
American Church Missionary societies,
previously received, were referred to com
mittees. -•'-. .'-¦ •' • • ¦
conditions 'bravely and hopefully. Discourage
ment and difficulty are not excuses for down
heartedness and despair. Their manly use is
to rouse to greater effort and more determined
purpose. If any "more excellent way" can be
found than that which the present constitution
of the society provides let the wisest men find
it and present it to the church. The "wheels"
must be well and carefully constructed, but
the matter of essential Importance is that, the
"spirit of the living creature shall be in them."
Underneath' all this is the need to rouse and
stir the church to its duty and its opportunity,
and the motives to this must be hope and con
fidence, and not timid anxiety and alarm; con
fidence that shall not take the form of self
complacency, and hope t that makes dissatis
faction not ¦ discouragement but determination
to do greater things. , ¦ . -.
But a word, of personal explanation first.
You . may ; think it rather strange that the
tieasurer of ¦ the board should reside In an
other city, from where the offices of the board
are. It was a very unexpected thing to me
when the matter was suggested, but after con
sidering it and taking it tentatively for a short
time I came to the conclusion that I could
direct the affairs . of the financial operations
of the society where I lived, with constant and
dally communication iover the' telephone and
with occasional visits to the offices, almost as
well as if I resided In the city of New York,
and hence I accepted = the ¦ position regularly
after, the tentative • time • had expired. -
I would like also to say that the office of
treasurer became more ' important after the
The general secretary has cpvered most ad
'mlrably and clearly some of the points that
I expected to make in regard to the financial
condition.^ I am glad that he did so becaus.;
he is my chief officer. I serve under him most
gladly and willingly. .
The most stirring speech of the conven
tion was made by George C. Thomas, the
partner of J. Plerpont Morgan. Mr.
Thomas is the treasurer of the funds of
the Board; of ; Missions, and in presenting
his report he spoke, with earnestness and
force. Hl3 remarks were frequently in
terrupted by suppressed, applause, but at
the close of his speech he was applauded
for fully two minutes. . -
In dealing with the financial situation
of the Board of Missions Mr. Thomas
said: .
general secretary was received and or
dered referred to a committee.
STUUtnTG SPEECH IS
MADE BY G. C. THOMAS
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
NOBLE WORK DONE BY MISSIONARIES IS SHOWN BY REPORTS
SUBMITTED TO AUGUST GATHERING BY THE BOARD OF MANAGERS
avenue. The Right Rev. Joseph
H.' Johnson, CD., Bishop of Los Angeles,
conducted the services, which began In
the morning and continued : until^late' in
the afternoon. "Quiet Day" it was called,
a.nd it was marked by prayer and'ad
dresses. In the afternoon Bishop'John
son-delivered the address of the day.
The spiritual benefit to be derived from
parochial " missions was discussed at
length at Trinity Church last night" by
prominent members of the Parochial Mis
sion Society for the United States.
The meeting was presided over by Right
Rev. Leighton Coleman. D. D., Bishop of
Delaware, who told of the need of "quiet
days" and Impressed upon his hearers a
THE Daughters pf, the. King, began
their ninth convention yesterday
at St. Luke's Church, corner of
. Sacramento street and Van i Ness
The Right- Rev. H. H. Oberly, D. D., ot
New Jersey, chairman of the executive
committee of the society, followed Bishop
Morrison.
The general secretary of the organiza
tion. Rev. Charles Martin Miles of New
York, followed Bishop Oberly and ex
plained in detail the way the work of the
Parochial Mission Society was performed.
He recited several Instances showing the.
amount of good tha.t had been accomp
lished by the society. He informed his
hearers that the society was desirous of
having a representative from the Pacific
Slope. . ...
deep sense of the Importance of the work
done by the society.
He Introduced Right Rev. Theodore Mor
rison, of Iowa, who urged the members
of the church to' join with their pastors
in their efforts to spread the truth, and
explained the value of the Parochial Mis
sion-Society.
Prelates Urge : Church Members to Help Clergy
Spread Truth Throughout the 'Land;
show the peculiar characteristics of the
dioceses from, which they came, have
prominent places- on the walls.
. But the • missionary exhibits are the
most interesting. Here are to be found
the work of converts in basket and lace
making and other industries. Each coun
try has its own peculiar industrial char
acteristics graphically illustrated by these
displays on walls and tables.
The North American Indian booth, of
which Mrs. Thurlow McMullin is in
charge, shows "the work of the mission
Indians. Magnificent altar cloths, bead
embroideries, baskets and bone ornaments
make up the bigger part of this exhibit.
Another exhibit of note is that represent
ing the colored people of the South, which
is principally from St. Augustine's School
and St. Agnes Hospital at Raleigh.
5
MISSIONARY EXHIBIT
HAS MANY FEATURES
Woman's Auxiliary Prepare for the Reception
of Many Visiting Episcopalians*
OBJECTS' OF NOTE AT THE MISSIONARY EXHIBIT.
S rangers in. this city should not
fail to take advantage of the oppor-
, tunity to visit H. Liebes & Co.'s
-' ¦;-•¦::' • ¦. magn'ficent exhibition of Fur
. V, , Products and' Rare Specimens of
lYbun ed and U.imbunted Animal '..
R\igv and Heads «rom A'aska and
Yukon Terrrorie5, Siberia and all
• known fur districts. /•¦
The eoliectien i> the largest and -
fp.est of .is kind in existence.
A!l visitors welcome and will ba
H. LIEBES & CO., Inc
133-135-137 Post Street,
Bet. Kearny 1 St. and Grant Ave.-v — —kj^fJ-^fe^fr^^I
jfi r~ — **-—- -«^
SATURDAY.......... :...... '..OCTOBER 5, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kl&nu IS Coaraonicitioni t« W. 8. LEASE, Vtugtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICES Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 3. F.
V.V Telephone Press 301.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
; - Telephone Press 202.
Delivered or Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents. ' '
Terms bjr Mall. Including; Postage*
DAILT CALL. (Including: Sunday), one year W.09
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), < months 3.00
DAILT CALL. (Including: Sunday), t ru>ntbs 1.60
DAIL.T CALL— By Single Month 66c
6TJNDAT CALL. On» Tear 1.50
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.00
All poitmaater* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Camp!* copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail cnbserlbera In ordering char-jju of address should b«
particular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKLAJVD OFFICE lrvw v . . .... . .1118 Broad War
It was late, and gettins later.
However, that didn't stop the sound of
muffled voices in the parlor. *
Meantime the gas meter worked stead
ily.
The pater endured it as long as he
could and then resolved on heroic meas
ures.
"Phyllis," he called from the head cf
the ttairs, "has the morning paper come
jet?"
"No, sir," replied the furmy man an tfce
Daily Bugle, "we are holding the form
[<-r an important decision."
And the pater went back to bed won
dering if they would keep house or live
with him.— Colorado Springs Gazette.
No Harm Done.— Chappie— I'd Just like
to know what you mean by being engaged
u> both Cholly and me at once.
Miss Pinkie— Why, bless me! there is no
harm done; you can't either of you afford
to marry me, you know.— New York
Weekly.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at "Willow Bark Sanitarium. 1833 Polk. •
• Selling out. Eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c
Look out for 81 4th, ft. barber & grocer. •
Father Torke's lament. See poem la "Wasp.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
i Special information supplied dally to
business- houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
If a woman would have the world re
spect her husband she must set the exam
ple.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Or
Siegert s Genulna Imported Angostura Bitters.*
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
LETTER WRITING— Elsie, Oakland.
Cal." I For ordinary correspondence itv is
advisable to use' note paper; of fair qual
ity, thick, white and perfectly plain, with
the address printed in plain, simple
characters at the top. This saves much
trouble and insures the answer^ being- cor
rectly addressed. Addressand date should
never be omitted from a business letter.
Write legibly, correctly and without
erasure upon a whole sheet of paper.
Never send a communication, no matter
how short it may be. on a Half sheet of
paper. .It is impolite to use tor an answer
the half of the sheet' upon which the
original letter was written. The modern
typewriter has made" permissible its use
lnbusiness letters andletters of inquiry,
but.it is not considered Mri. good' taste to
write a "machine letter" to a relative or
friend. No letter of condolence or con
gratulation should be typewritten.- '
THE BRIDE CAKE-E. M. A., City.
The origin of tho bride cake is said to be
Scandinavian. In that country the
groom's -mother met the newly married
couple at the door arid broke a cake of
bread over the bride's head to signify that
she would be expected to make the bread
thereafter for herslf. Following the cake
breaking the.. young. man's mother would
place the tongs, poker and shovel from
the fireplace and a new 'broom in the
hands of the bride as symbols of her
household duties. The broken cake was
¦carefully picked up and divided among the
unmarried girls, who would, place places
of It. under their' pillows so 'they might
dream of their future husbands. The
present custom ot cutting and distributing
the bride's cake is derived from this cere
mony pt long ago. ¦ . . - , ¦¦¦_ ¦;
" PROPERTY— M. M., City. If the hus
band dies ir. California and has not made
a will one-half of the property goes to the
widow, if there are no children; if there is
one child or issue of one child one-half to
the widow and the other half to the child;
if more than one child or issue thereof
one-third to the. widow and the remainder
to the children, share and share alike. On
the death of the husband one-half of the
community property gees to the widow
and on the. death of the wife the entire
property goes to the husband.
AMUSEMENT— B. P. G., City. "Which
is considered the best paying amusement
attraction in the United States; that if,
mcrry-go- round, chutes, steeplechase and
the Jike?" Is a question that Is difficult to
answer. As separate attractions, the
money that may be made with either de
pends upon conditions and the locality
where set up. Either may pay very v/ell
for a time, but -there are no figures show-
Ing the aggregate receipts and expenses
for each class, consequently it isimpossi
ble to form a basis of calculation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The following
CaHfomlans have arrived at the hotels:
Shoreham— H. Franklin. W. T. Dunne and
wife: Fairfax— L J. Cudy.and wife; Kb
bitt—G. B. Burling: Gordon— J. H. Ma
kins. Miss L.- S. Makins— all of San Fran
cisco.
Califoriians in Washington.
WORKS OF ART— Subscriber, City.
There is a provision of the city charter
which says that "hereafter no work of
art shall become the property of the
city and county of San Francisco by
purchase, gift or otherwise Unless such
work of art or design of the same, to
gether, with a statement of the proposed
location of such work of art, shall first
have been submitted to and approved by
the Park Commissioners."
WITH one accord the American people will
shout their applause over the triumph of
the fleet defender of the America's cup. It
is- "Hail, Columbia, the queen of all yachts and the
gem of the ocean." The victory is ours, and it is a
victory- to be proud of, for it was Avon over a yacht
that .probably could not have been beaten by any
other yacht in the world.
Whatever doubts may have existed concerning the
wisdom of the >?ew York Yacht Club managers in
deciding to make the race with the Columbia instead
of the newly constructed Constitution have been dis
sipated by the event The Columbia has proven her
self superior to her rival on every test required by
the racing rules and under every condition that the
•winds imposed. She wins the match in three straight
heats, and though the margin of success was always
dose it was sufficient The best that the British
could do in light winds or in strong winds was never
enough to beat the stanch American defender/ \
From first to last xi has been a singularly close
contest It is declared by the spectators to have been
the finest series of yacht races- ever witnessed.
Something, of course, is to be allowed in such
declarations for the natural exaggeration of excite
ment and enthusiasm, and yet, judging by the re
ports and -the closeness of the finish in each match,
it is not easy to see hew it could ever have been ex
ceeded in those elements* of a" good -contest, f It is
probable, therefore, that the match marks the record
of yacht-racing for many a year to come. The cen
tury begins by setting a mark that will be hard -to
pass.
It will be noted that nearly all the estimates of the
experts were wrong. The Shamrock excelled the
Columbia in just those points where it \vas thought
she would be inferior, and fell below the American
yacht where it was believed she would be the su
perior. Therefore there were a good many surprises
in the match for those who were most certain that
they knew it all. It is evident that in yachts as well
as in other things there are excellences or defects of
which ever, experts "can't most always sometimes
tell," and that in races between two yachts that are
well matched there are' lots of chances for the unex
pected to happen.
. Credit is due to the captains and the crews who
handled the rival yachts as well as to the men who
built them. The skill and seamanship displayed on
both sides have merited and received the commen
dation of all who witnessed the race and are capable
of judging. The whole affair, therefore, has been ; a
pleasant cne. Close as the issue was at all times,
there is to be no complaint from the losing party.
The Shamrock lost the race, but she has lost nothing
of honor for her builder, her captain, her crew or
her owner. The only defect in the whole thing is the
unsatisfactory sort of winds that blow at this season
around New York harbor. If the two yachts could
have had a chance to try conclusions off San Fran
, cisco there would have been a race worth erecting
a monument to.
HAIL COLUMBIA.
ROCK OF REFUGE— D.U. M." t City.
Rock of Refuge is the name that was, in
the past, given to a large flat rock in
Hawaii. . If a party accused of crime
reached that rock before those who per
sued him could lay hands on him he was
safe from arrest as long as he remained
there. His family was allowed to supply
him with food while "there, but he never
was allowed to return to his tribe.
NEW .YORK, Oct. 4.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
— C. N. Felton Jr., Miss Keating and E. E.
Drake at the Holland; Mrs. E. A. Kim
ball and Mrs. J. M. Trent at the Navarre;
Mr 1 ?. Emerson at the Imperial; H. A
Wideman and W. W. Wright at the
Grind: W. Barton, Mrs. G. B. Sperry and
Misq Weltshire at the Netherlands: W. J
Cotton at the Hoffman: Miss A. E. Heyer
at the St. Denis; G. A. Moore at the Man
hattan. '
San Diego— H. T. McGinnia at the St."
Denis.
Los " Angeles— E. A. Suits at the Park
Avenue.
.Santa Barbara— E. Spaulding at the Vic
toria.
Calif ornians in New York.
MORGAN— D., Oakland, Cal."" John
Hunt Morgan, who was a Confederate of
ficer and during the Civil War was known
as "Morgan, the raider," organized 'a raid
into Tennessee, but while resting at night
In a farmhouse near Greenville, Septem
ber 4, 1864, was surprised by a detachment
of Union cavalry under General Gillem,
and in an endeavor to escape was killed.
ENLISTMENTS— M., City. Minors be
tween the ages of 18 and 21 vears are not
enlisted, in the United States army with
out the written consent of father, only
surviving parent or legally appointed
guardian. No one under the age of IS
will be enlisted or re-enlisted in the army.
Married men will be enlisted only on the
approval of a regimental commander^; \
MAYORS— W. J. C, City. Tjie charter
of San Francisco says that "every person
who has served as Mayor of the city and
county, so long as he remains a resident
thereof, shall be entitled to a seat in the
Board of Supervisors and to . participate
in its debates, but shall not be entitled to
a vote nor to any compensation." .
W. F. Knox. an attorney at Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
J. J. Hebbron, a cattleman of Salinas,
is at the Grand.
Hervey Lindley. a lumber man of Kla
mathon, is at the Palace.
Charles A. Lee, County Clerk of Kern
County, is at the Grand.
S. S. Mitchell arrived from Dawson yes
terday and is afthe Lick.
D. M. Riordan, a mining expert ot L03
Angeles, is at the Palace.
I. W. "Waterman, a capitalist of Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace.
.Railroad .Commissioner Blackstock of
Ventura is staying at the Grand.
F. C.'Lusk, an attorney of Chico, Is
among the. arrivals at. the Palace.
"William '. F. Burke, the popular youns
newspaper man who recently left this city
for Dutch Harbor, la. expected to return
here in a few days.
Francis L. Stetson, a prominent society
man of New Tork. is spending a few days'
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
and fami!:*.
PERSONAL MENTION.
TRUST DEED— S., City. Trust deeds In
the nature of a mortgage are common in
many States. Their general effect is the
same as a mortgage, and like, a mortgage
a trust deed is a mere security for the
payment of money on the performance of
certain undertakings by the grantor. •
MRS. GENEVIEVE GOAD-MARTIN, THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHOSE
MARRIAGE IN LONDON TO ROBINSON RILEY WAS RECEIVED IN
THIS CITY YESTERDAY AND CREATED MUCH SURPRISE.
XAVIES»0F THE WORLD-P. F.. Oak
land. Cal. The information desired about
the foreign navies of the world and of the
United States navy can be had at the Free
Library in your city by consulting : the
World Almanac for the current year.
PRICE— Subscriber, City. Rodman M.
Price, who waj'one of the three Commis
sioners appointed to take possession of
California in the name of the United
States, died at Hazelwood farm, in the
Ramapo Valley, New Jersey, June 6, 1894.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Young Martin boqucfethed his entire es
tate to his wife, and in due course of time
she came into possession of this inherit
ance. Later the young widow went to
Japan, then through Russia and on to
London, where she has been spending
some months. Her immediate relatives in
thisA-ity are not Inclined- to discuss her
second marriage and profess Ignorance as
to the identity of Robinson Riley.
A lovely residence was taken at Palm
Springs and there the honeymoon ended
with the death of the groom seven weeks
after the marriage. His mother. Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, was in Los Angeles at
the time and accompanied her widowed
daughter-in-law to this city with the re
mains.
The announcement of the engagement
was quickly followed by the marriage. On
September 26, 1S99, the Very Rev. Father
Prendergast, V. G., performed the cere
mony at the residence of the bride. The
groom arose from a s=fck bed. and the
honeymoon trip, was taken to the southern
I-art of the State, where it was hoped the
climate would soon restore him to Health.
PRIVATE dispatches from London to
her brother, Frank Goad, and oth
i era immediately interested - an
x nounccd yesterday that Mrs. An
drew D. Martin, formerly Miss
Genevieve Goad, had been married to
Robinson Rilsy of Washington. . No one
here knew of the engagement, and specu
lation is rife as to the identity of the
groom. Some people'say his name is Riley
Robinson.
• When ,the announcement was made in
August, 1899, of the engagement of Miss
Goad to Andrew Donahue .Martin it was
thought to be the forerunner of the hap
py union of two old and wealthy families.
It was known that young Martin was rich
and Miss Goad enjoyed a large share of
the property accumulated, by her father,
W. F. Goad, in the practice of the legal
profession. . .
The Army and Navy Journal says: "One vile sheet, which includes in its arsenal of
defamations, the weapons of falsehood and forgery ..has for a long, time disfigured its col
umns with hideous pictures intended to belittle the President, and to' arouse every senti
ment which has at length stretched him low' and sent a thrill of horror through the civil
ized world Must we submit indefinitely to this reproach -upon our country and upon our
civilization.' ;-;->;•--.:;..-.¦ . V-: "'¦*?]:"- :• ¦
Such are of the American press, reflect
ing the sentiments ot the American people, The^ meaning, and intent of all is expre^ed
by the Rochester Democrat andv Sentinel: ;"EmVna Goldman: harangues: and the editors
in some of the yellow : journals read wonderfully alike.- Wliy suppress the one and
not the otherr v ;.-'., \.,\ .' * -..-;•
AS the days pass and the time since the assassination of President McKinley
lengthens, so that the people see that dreadful event in greater perspective, the
.more clearly is it perceived, that the. three newspapers of ¦ -William. R. Hearst
were :a.mong the most potent of the evil influences Jhat led up. to it. In that in
creasing clearness of vision the indignation of the public against the inflammatory sheets
widens, deepens; and augments'. Many persons, many clubs, many organizations and
many newspapers that did not condemn Hearst at first have joined in his condemnation
now. Every day brings new reports of utterances representing the " sober second
thoughts of the people upon the responsibility of Hearst for "the crime of Czolgosz.
. '_. In .the, later discussions much attention is given irto; the problem involved in crush
ing out such papers,, or atleasfso weakening them;as. to their power for harm.
It is felt that'-Hearst will care \^^S^^^iw^B^^<^^^^^r^elem&&s of society if
the judgments' do not lead to action that will Iimi£tH£ profits ; of '^¦'¦his;-' yellow trade,' iind
consequently it is argued.that the only,way to repress oriirnit yellow journalism is to
prevent it from being profitable. -•':. ; : : ¦'•¦-. v . : ]> y - : '-; • /vi
The New York Press says: £EHe -responsibility; bfV^obliterating!: the New York
Journal rests with the American people— the readers of newspapers:. Let the. people refuse
to touch the papers of this malignant enemy of McKinl^— the.manjwhb preached incite
ment-and incendiarism against him and against ail .authority, tojh6'ftj^ic^ndf)whe^Si
disciple's bullet, entered the President's 'body— let r tnem -turn, away- from his' anarchistic
sheet with horror and the rest will be quickly done^ \T£ he,a'dyerti|irJS|nq§a|fSf; He will
not post^his \vafes and spend his money in a American
people."-. '¦ " . • ¦ .; : : . : -' '.-'r. .y ; i:.; ¦'.¦¦>." ; :": ; K r ."'."-., "¦;¦"* - r
The -Angeles Times says: "The San Francisco Examiner has bcerr somewhat
stirred up bythe. general revolt of the decent portion of the .Pacific Cbast public against its
indecent, disloyal and 'un-American course? So'lbng^as this* prpte^t to mild
criticism^ or. even to abuse, the Examiner lost no sleep, ' but/ AyHen:^ the. subscription and
advertising patronage began to fall off, it evidently- became irattiled^d commenced to
crawfish, claiming that the onslaught was due to professional jealousy* -on the part of its
contemporaries." / : :vt.j : ; r
The Montana Sunday Record says: "It will take more than a few crocodile tears
to secure the 'further forbearance of decent people for these disreputable and un-American
sheets. The American pedple enduredAthese vile cartoons an<^ despicable attacks upon
the President and other public men -as they .have erfthired the presence of gangs of an
archists so long as they did not appreciate, the harm^they 'were- doing and the dangers
they threatened. Now they have'seen through the awful calamity at Buffalo the results
of such forbearance., such abuses # and dangers will-no longer be tolerated."
The Philadelphia Inquirer says: "Throughout the land the cry has gone up 'Pun
ish anarchy and yellow journalism?. Anarchy is violence itself, but . yellow journalism in
cites to violence. When dealing with the '' subject *both must be considered. The yellow
journal of trie day is a menace to" life and. property and some way ought to be found to
couple it with anarchy and stariip them both: out" •¦ ? s •.;'
The Springfield Union Says':.. is the remedy? It lies i simply and solely in the
hands of the people, and is not tp: be found in the resort to the law— no:more toleration
for that yellowism and anarchism; which breed assassination/'
The Call Of Paterson, N. J., where exists one of the largest groups of anarchists in
America, and where the nature of thai, criminal class is well understood, says: "We have
already made reference to the fact that the New York yellow journals are responsible more
than any other one thing foe the spread of anarchistic sentiments. The Journal lives and
thrives on catering tu the anarchistic class/ What paper has done more to array the poor
against the wealthy? .What other paper has done anything like as much in the way
of libeling President McKinley and other prominent officials."
The Chicago Journal says: "Not since McKinley's first inauguration has William
JR. Hearst suffered one respectful utterance, one decent remark to be made in the papers he
has controlled, concerning the President or concerning any other gentleman connected
with the administration. He has done his best and used his vast fortune .to bring the
President into contempt and make him a reproach to the people who exalted him. Bv
means of his wealth-^a wealth which he himself could never have acquired— Hearst has
been able to purchase the talent and ability that with pen and pencil have thus showered
vilification and abusi; upon the chief magistrate of the nation — the man whom the
world honors, but whom Hearst does not honor or respect. In addition to this Hearst
daily foments strife among the people, stirring up envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitable
ness in one class against another. Is it strange then that in the public he has sought
to educate and to sway, men are to be found who are capable of assassination, men who
would consider it their duty to kill such 'a man as Hearst has taught them to believe Mc-
Kinley was?"
The Boston Commercial Bulletin says: "Of all the men who are consciously or un
consciously responsible for this terrible decadence in public morals, one stands pre-emi
nent. William R. Hearst has kept artists busy portraying President McKinley and his
administration as the willing tools of brujtal trusts, the oppressors and murderers of the
poor. * * . * The connection between these papers ami the assault on the President
may be indirect. Such, however, has not always been the case. In Colorado, in Illinois,
in Indiana and in New York the present President was personally assaulted by men of the
opposite party. In all cases, however, words suggested by the New York Journal or the
Giicago American were in the mouths of the mob."
JThe Wilkesbarre Leader says: "There is. a, phase of the yellow and sensational
journal question that is not generally considered .; That is the reason for their existence.
What do they feed upon? By whom are they£suppjrted?, Surely if they were not sup
ported they would not exist. If they were nqttfed and well fed they could not live. Everv
individual that buys them is in a measure responsible for their existence and likewise for
their influence." ' ¦'-. '¦',. .
The New Yorker says: "If anything were needed to fill the public with loathing for
William R. Hearst and his vile newspapers.it is the^ exhibition of abject and pitiful coward:
ice since the bullets .cf one of his pupils struck -down the President- From an- attitude of
brazen effrontery, a poor imitation of fiery .^independence, his newspapers have changed to
cringing, crying hypocrisy. They are down on •their" marrowbones begging for * their
lives while Hearst himself is in hiding, skulking, sonievvhere under an assumed name,
airaid-to show himself among honest meii.Thepublic condemnation upon him has been
swift and terrible. * * * But that is L not7enough. His newspapers must fall under
the same withering curse that is pursuing him,thepoor fool who created them. They too
must be driven into cellars and sewers. There .rmistjje no room for them among self-re
specting Americans. The people are showing their' abhorrence of the Hearst newspapers
to an extent that is sending them back upon his hands by the carload." ; " •
The Stockton Independent says: "It has been concluded that publications un
friendly to our government and its institutions, unfriendly to law and order and defiant
of truth and decency and authority, must be suppressed.-- It is not proposed that laws
shall be changed to effect this, but that it shall be accomplished by a unity of moral forces
The people willapply the samejdoctrine to these journals in their daily existence as Cleve
land applied when he refused td, be used'to advertise :Hearst's" journals when the Maine
was sunk. Ex-President Cleveland has set the example and pointedthe way. Henceforth
the men of whatever reputation 'or station in life who consent. to contribute to the Exami
ner or submit to an interview; for.its columns on a public question will be subject to sus
picion as- willing to seek" publicity through contemptible channels." ' .
The r SyraCUSe Journal says: "The time has come as is. evident when a halt. must
be called. Yellow journalism ;rnust be restricted. if the lives of our. Presidents are to be
preserved. The holding up of the chief magistrate to -public contempt, the portrayal
of him as a member of a conspiracy organized for the purpose of destroying the welfare of
the laboring man, the criminal and dastardly excitation of weak-minded cranks and mar
plots — all this must stop. .. » ¦ cvU^W V : :
THE SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5? 1901.
MRS. GENEVIEVE GOAD-MARTIN
QUIETLY MARRIES IN LONDON
6
THE following deadly editorial appeared in
Hearst' s New York Evening Journal on
May 22, 1901, less than six months be-
fore President McKinley was shot down
by a pupil of yellow journalism:
"What is an anarchist?"
"According to accepted definitions, issued
by the higher classes of society, an anarch-
ist is one who tries to do something useful
that has never been done before.-
"There ¦ is a change coming some day,
whether .the gentlemen who denounce char-
ity as anarchy want the change or not."
WHAT IS AN ANARCHIST?
IN connection with the recent assassina-
tion of President McKinley will the Exam-
iner please tell what it meant when on
February 4, -1900, "it published, from its
Washington correspondent, the following:
"The bullet that pierced Goebers chest
Cannot be found in all the West;
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch McKinley on his bier."
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
i;; AMUSEMENTS^. .
: ' • " • •: •;'-- * '"S^
Columbia— "norodora." ¦»*»
Orpheum — Vaudeville. "-V.
Central— "Kidnaped."
Alcazar-"Uberty HalL**
Tlvoll— "Carouen.*', • . ' ,.r
California,— West's Minstrels.
Grand Opera-house — "The Merchant of Venice."
Omtee, Zoo I and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and 1
evening: j j ¦ - . ;
Alhambra Theater— "The Brownies in Fairyland."
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation'. Park — Baseball. ¦ :
Melrose Courslnr Park— Coursing Sunday. ¦ . -•• '
Eutro Baths— Open nights.
AUCTION BATTER.
By S. Watkins— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at ¦ corner
Tenth and Bryant streets.
By S. ¦Watkins — Saturday, October 6, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, October 7, at 12 o'clock.
Crooks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
, ¦¦ ¦ . \
Ul^l" House and Her Daughter Alice
I f/&'- if* Peculiarities of Divorce
Laws in Various States j
/"?. 1 I ¥ Vith expressions of opinion from Episcopal Bishops
OCTOBER 6. 1901. ' -
ANOTHER PAGE OF PHOTOGRAPHING I A DAY WITH TWP
'•GEORGIS" AND HIS WILD ANIMALS IN TOHHoSn
-PA.-;; : <v TH5IR NATIVE FISHERMEN.
The best ccmtc stories HAUNTS .
now a?p;af i og ;-:^: Did you eYcr THE HACIENDAS OF
— — — ¦ — difficult it wcold b- to MfcXICO. - 4 -. "
THE. CROCKER MAN, get a photograph Vf a ': — .
&Z3st2%\ £riSS^ l-yassg*
NEXT WEEK— "GRAIISTAPtr »
\ .- ;End o! the strike. Bead the "Wasp.
James Lyons, a marine fireman, died ln
the Pacific Hospital at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning from Injuries received last
Thursday afternoon while disembarking
from the steamer Monticello. Lyons
slipped oSC the gangplank and was caught
between the vessel and the wharf and
fatally bruised. He was unmarried, a na
tive of England and 35 years old. An in
quest will be held.
Marine Fireman Silled.
Special Hunters' Train to San Jose
To-Night.
Special Southern Pacific train leaves
Narrow Gauge Ferry Depot to-night at
9:15 from San Francisco to San Jos© and
the marshes intermediate. This train
runs through the duck season.
Ex-Assemblyman Hoey Bead.
Lawrence Hoey, a former Assemblyman
from this city, died in the City and Coun-
SLJE^aH night from pneu
monia. A few years ago Hoey was quite
£ l ri? POJ 2f, nt tSiC } 0T ln »O"th of Market
street politics and was a ready and will
ing lieutenant of Martin Kelly.
Thomas Corcoran and Fred Clare, who
the police say are ex-convicts, were ar
rested yesterday by Detective Ryan and
charged with stealing over $500 worth of
goods from the office of George Dill, at
116 California street, a short time ago.
They ere also accused of breaking into a
gunsmith's shop at 1143 Market street and
getting away with thirty pistols.
Ex-Convicts Again in Jail.'
The United States Grand Jury reported
to United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday afternoon true bills of indict
ment against C. Bronson for shooting and
wounding F. L, Day on the steamer Wal
la V>'alla on the high seas on September
12, and against P. C. Angelo for receiving
stolen g-oods and stealing' property of the
United States from Mare Island Navy
Yard. The property was bras3 valves
valued at $&>!. The charge against Ar
inanJo Constantine of smuggling sixty
flve cigars from the transport Thomas
¦was ignored.
Federal Grand .Jury Indictments.
SMUGGLED GOODS SEIZED.— Customs
searchers yesterday seized 1460 cigars, a carved
Ivory fan and four pieces of silk that had been
concealed ln the crew's quarters on board the
Government transport Thomas.
¦ John M. Coleman was granted letters of
guardianship over the estate of his daugh
ter by Judge Coffey yesterday. The
child's . mother, who was divorced some
time ago from Coleman and is now Mrs.
Mabel Smith, also applied for letters of
guardianship, but her petition was de
nied. The little one Is the granddaughter
of the late Dr. Giles Burdell, who left her
property valued at $200,000.
Father Will Manage Child's Estate
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock took testimony yesterday in -the
celebrated Latour will case, about which
much" was printed during the trial, last
year ln the Superior Court. The case was
won in the State court by Catherine Ford,
the devisee named in the will of Pierre
Latour. and the contestants, the brother
and divorced wife of Latour, have carried
the battle Into the Federal court.
Latour Case in Federal Court.
The American Can Company filed suit
in the United States Circuit Court yester
day against the Union Can Company of
San Francisco to recover $200,000 damages
and costs for an alleged infringement of
a process for testing cans.
In the same court Francis J. Carman
brought suit against W. S. Kerr to quiet
title to two oil claims of twenty acres
each in Kern County. Carman alleges ln
the complaints that he owns a leasehold
pn both properties for ten years, ¦with the
option of renewal at the expiration of
that period for fifty years more. He avers
that the property is of the value of $50,
000 and the leasehold of the same value.
Patent and Oil Land Suits.
The defense will put on as witnesses
next week Dr. H. N. Rowell of Berkeley,
who attended Adams, and Dr. C. A.
Hatch, ©resident of the State Board of
Lunacy Commissioners.
District Attorney Allen did not secure
any new facts. The day ended with the
announcement of Judge Melvin that the
case would be continued until Monday,
when Miss Adams will be further exam
ined.
"I think he was insane. I think a man
In his condition qeuld not have been re
sponsible for his acts."
After Miss Adams had testified that her
father's uncle had been an inmate of an
asylum in South Carolina and had an
swered Juror White that Dr. Jessup threw
off his coat after he had been warned by
Adams, Miss Adams was turned over to
the prosecution for cross-examination.
"The next morning I went to father's
rocm and found him asleep. There was
a revolver on the table, which I Intended
to put away, but my attention was called
to something else and I didn't do it. He
came down to breakfast in his night
clothes. I stayed in the house until 3
o'clock, ¦when I went out. That was the
last I saw of him before the shooting."
"From your observation of your father,
state whether or not you think that at
the time of this shooting he was insane."
"State what occurred on the Saturday
night before the shooting."
"Father complained that I had not given
him anything to eat and he was so dis
agreeable that I Went out of the house.
He was delirious then. He followed me
and I watched him from a distance. He
got down on his hands and knees and
crawled along the fence; striking matches
as he went. -I thought he would set fire
to the house. He rolled himself under the
fence, then back again, then crawled into
the house. I saw him taking drinks from
a demijohn while he was in his room.
"Yes; on two occasions. One of these
was three weeks before the shooting; the
other was the Saturday before the shoot
ing. On each occasion Dr. Rowell was
called ln to treat him."
"Yes; he was continuously under the in
fluence of liquor. I don't think he saw
two sober days."
"During that period did ' he have any
more attacks of delirium tremens?"
In reply to the questions of Attorney
Church, Miss Adams said that after leav
ing Hanford. she went with her father to
Ban Francisco, where they stayed several
months. Then thej' came to BerKeley and
he preached In an Oakland Episcopal
church for a short time. He continued
his drinking bouts almost without cessa
tion until the early part of the present
year, when he remained sober for a pe
riod of two months. .
"Did your father begin drinking again
In March?" was asked of Miss. Adams.
"Yes; he drank very much."
"From the expiration* of that period of
sobriety up to the time of the shooting
did he drink to excess?"
Charles G. Adams, the defendant, ap
peared In court this morning in a state
of partial, paralysis. His right shoulder
was drawn up and his right leg ¦was al
most riffid. He moved about with diffi
culty and depended on the court bailiff to
assist him to and from the County Jail,
where he 1b confined. Adams said he had
been stricken during the night. He said
he had been a victim of several such at
tacks and would recover. Miss Adams
Bhowed her anxiety over her father's con
dition and gave him assistance. .
Miss Adams on the Stand.
After a respite extending from noon yes
terday Miss Agnes S. Adama was called
to the witness chair again to-day in Judge
Melvin's court to take up the thread of
her father's life story and bring it down
to the night of the shooting of Dr. John
Q. Jessup in Berkeley. Miss Adams be
gan her narration where she left off 'yes
terday, when she recounted in . detail her
father's inebriate actions in Hanford, Cal.
She traced his career from Hanford,
which place he left three years ago, to
the very day and hour of . the homicide,
giving a detailed account of all his move
ments and the series of debauches which
finally led him to the killing. Finally At
torney Church, for the defense, asked the
witness If she considered her father sane
or insane at the time he flred the fatal
shot, and she answered that there could
be no other conclusion, in her opinion,
than that he was insane and totally irre
sponsible.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 4. 1
Attempt to Prove Defendant
Irresponsible for Killing
of Jessup.
Was Insane at Time
of Shooting.
Daughter Says Prisoner
TELLS OF ADAM'S
DRINKING SPELLS
Ticket Scalpers Enjoined.
An injunction restraining A. Ottlngqr,
C. R. Conklln and H. R. Duffln, ticket
scalpers, from dealing: in tickets] sold by
the Southern Pacific Company was grant
ed by Judge Dunne yesterday. The writ
was made returnable before Judge Mu
rasky. # ;-., C;'-
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday trans
ferred Lieutenant Mooney of the South
ern station to the Ocean View station.
Sergeant Lewis, who has been doing duty
at the Potrero, will succeed him as as
sistant to Captain Spillane. : Corporal
Shanahan will take Lewis' place at the
Potrero station. ¦ .
More Police Changes.
Whereas This nation has suffered an Irre
parable loss in the untimely death of our be
loved President, William McKinley, by the
cruel, hand of an assassin. ,
Whereas We deplore the death of a wise
statesman, Christian gentleman and devoted
husband.
Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt sym
pathy to the loving wife, Mrs. McKinley,
earnestly praying: that our heavenly father
will grant her renewed health and strength to
bear this sad bereavement; be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to Mrs. McKinley, to the daily pa
pers and that they also be spread on the min
utes of this meeting.
English Women's Sympathy.
Empress Victoria Lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George, one of the British or
ganizations that contributed to the beau
tiful floral piece at the McKinley memo
rial service in the Pavilion, has adopted
the following preamble and resolutions:
pany has been followed by a num
ber of changes in other departments.
James L. Frazier. who has. been super
intendent of the Coast division for the
past six years, with headquarters at the
Third and Townsend street depot, was ap
pointed superintendent of the Western
division yesterday, with headquarters at
Oakland. This position was formerly held
by Manager James Agler.
James Lewis Frazier was born in Staun
ton, Va., in 1849. He graduated from the
University of Virginia as a civil engineer
in 1870. He entered the railway service In
1873 as an assistant engineer in the con
struction of the extensions of "the Chesa
peake and Ohio road. From October, 1871,
to December, 1877, he was assistant and
resident engineer of the Cincinnati South
ern road: from June to September, 1S7S,
engineer on location of the Western road
of North Carolina: from December, 1878,
to March, 1880, resident engineer in charge
of the'completion of the Cincinnati South
ern Railway across Tennessee; . from Oc
tober, 1884, to April, 1891, superintendent
of the Western division 1 of the Newport
News and Mississippi Valley Company;
from August. 1891, to August, 1892, divi
sion superintendent of the Truckee divi
sion of the Southern Pacific Company;
from August, 1892, to November, 1894, su
perintendent of the San Joaquin division;
from November, 1894, to date, superintend
ent of the Coast division. ,.
B. A. Worthingfton, who was only re
cently appointed superintendent of the
Tucson division by Manager Herbert, was
appointed yesterday to' succeed Frazier as
superintendent of the Coast division.
Worthington is considered one of the
most popular railroad men in the employ
of the Southern Pacific Company, and
now that he will be again stationed in
this city his friends predict that he will
make a splendid record. Worthington is
in the city at present and was attending
to the packing of his furniture prepara
tory to shipping it to Tucson.
C. C. Sroufe, resident engineer at Tuc
son has been promoted to the superln
tendency of that division. Appointments
in the new operative department have all
been made and the new officials will tak«
their posts on Monday next.
Following is the official circular issued
yesterday by Manager James Agler and
approved by J. Kruttschnltt, fourth vice
president and general manager:
Mr James L. Frazier is hereby appointed
superintendent of the Western Division, vice
Mr. James Agler, promoted.
THE resignation of J. .M^ Herbert
and the appointment of James Ag
ler as manager of the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific Com-
. Mr. B. A. Worthington is hereby appointed
superintendent of the Coast Division, vice Mr.
James L. Frazler, transferred.
Mr. C. C. Sroufe Is hereby appointed super
intendent of the Tucson Division, Tlce Mr. B.
A. Worthington, "transferred. '
The provisions of the circular go Into effect
to-day. , . . . • - .
NEW SUPERINTENDENT OF THE WESTERN DIVISION OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC, WHO WAS TRANSFERRED TO THE POSI
TION BY MANAGER JAMES AGLER. OF THE PACIFIC SYSTEM. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
FRAZIER IS PROMOTED
BY RAILROAD MANAGER
Agler Appoints Him Division Superintendent at
Oakland and Worthington His Successor.
7
ALHAHBRAJHEATER.
RETURN OF THE FAVORITE* JS
GREATER THAN EVER. JlffJ
THE BROWNIES
INFAIRYLAND.
200 — Professional Children on the Stage — 20ft
50— Xew and Original Specialties— »
READ THE DATES.
Saturday afternoon, Oct. 5; Saturday nlffht.
Oct. 6; Sunday afternoon. Oct. 6; Sunday night.
Oct. 6; Monday night. Oct. 7; Tuesday after-
noon, Oct. 8; Tuesday night. Oct. 8.
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman. Clay A
Co.'s commencing Monday morning. Sept 30.
See the prices: Matinees— 10c. 25c (no higher).
Nights— 15c. 25c and 50c (no higher.)
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. OCT. .5
i Parquet, any seat. 23c: Balcony. 10c; children,
any part except reserved. 10c.
Vaudeville's Leading Lights!
Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce and
"Wilson, Madge . Fox, The Sven-
galis and the Biograph. .Last
times of Arnold Grazer and Blanche
Treleaae, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers and Dorothy Morton.
BEiASCOABBTHJUCS^fegfig,
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MOHROW. '
To-nlght and Sunday— Last Nights! • I
The Powerful Melodrama, s'l
KIDNAPPED!
Replete with emotional Interest, raperb elt»
mazes, realistic situations, amusing comedy.
nnirpc Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c, »o, JOo
t fllLEJ Matinees 10ot Uc. Uo
Next Monday— The Successful Bnuna,
BEACON LJGHTSI
5-5 HLA.T R hT./A r
¦ LAST TWO NIGHTS. ' H
MATINEE TO-DAY AJXT> SUNDAY* i^J
"LIBERTY
HALL."
New Scenery. Union* Stags Efftets.
Seats— ISo to 75c ' *
Next Week— TOO MUGH JOHNSON.
. SEATS NOW READY.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. (
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy,
JOSEPH HAWORTH as HAMLET.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra £eat All Matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELEsTs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY., •.»..'...... AT 2:30P.M.
RECREATION F*ARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
T?»QrWCR'Q CONCERT HOUSE
riOtnlin O Admission 10c.
' The Gagnoux, Richards and Relyea, Robert
Nome. Sam Hold3worth, Lynton and Wilde.
Sylvia Puerari. Agnes George and Hlnrichs'
Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday. •'¦;¦»%•-. -
OF»EIS NIGHTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
J Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
• ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c Children. Me.
I PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels-have been the headquarters of
tourists and , travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF 1
THEM ALL" |
Everything that tends to I
speed, comfort, pleasure and B
luxury unlimited. Reserve I
berths for this famous train fl
at 641 Market street. f j
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND 1
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE |
SANTA FE J
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
* tor and Nervine. ¦ •
The most wonderful aphrodisiac, and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
323 Market St., S. F. — (Send for-Clrculars.)
AMUSEMENTS.
Every Seat Occupied Again Last Night.
FIRST MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, also SUNDAY NIGHT and
ALL NEXT WEEK.
fil »W| ByJ 8 ¦ Vl I I 9 I I I " AM I mrl
THE GREATEST MUSICAL HIT EVER
RECORDED HERE. .
SEE THE SIX PRETTY MAIDENS.
SEATS NOW SELLING FOR THE NEXT
ELEVEN PERFORMANCES.
*TIV_OLi*
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
CAJRMEN.
Matinee To-day, and Sunday Night,
OAVALLERIA
I JPAGLIACC!
"Masked Ball"— (Next Week) — "Nabucco."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 73c.
Telephone Bush 9. -.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES
MATINEE TO-DAY AND. THIS EVENING.
— TO-NIGHT
WM. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
TO-MORROW . NIGHT.
HERRMANN
THE GREAT*
IN NEW AND. MYSTIFYING ILLUSIONS,
Accompanied by McWITTERS and TYSON and
. . COMPANY.
SEATS NOW READY.
CHUTES_ and ZOO
SUPERB VAUDEVILLE BILL.
MOVING PICTURES OF
At the Buffalo Exposition. :^
• SPEC!AL~TO-NIGHT
..INTERNATIONAL..
CAKEWALK.
- ' ' '•
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
/7©2 19O1
STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, en the 3lEt day of Decem-
ber, A. D., 1SO0, and for the year ending on
that dav. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of section* 610 and €11 of the
Folltical Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
ln Cash ". J3.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $835,cr.<i 70
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,712,154 OS
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
kttsb'.e securities as' collateral 94,700 00
Cash in Banks 916.00132
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20.933 19
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 945,02181
Eil!? receivable, not Matured, taken
tor Pire and Marine Risks 39,593 19
Due from other Companies for Re- ,
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.S56 10
Total Assets $3,532,2(3 3S
LIABILITIES.
Losf«?e adjusted and unpaid $103,943 48
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Susper.se 639,377 62
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 41,11'. 00
Grof-i; jjremiums on FSre Risks run-
ning one year or less. I2.747.C33 28:
reinsurance 60 per cent 1.373,516 64
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,496.-
€&7 44: reinsurance pro rata 1.TTS.243 63
Gros-s premiums on Marine and In-
ur.". Navigation Risk*. ;
reinsurance 1<X» per cent... 235.7C8 40
Amount reclaimable by the insured
en perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 765.3T9 JO
Al- other liabilities 94.154 48
Total Liabilities |4.93tE«4_35
INCOME.
JCet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,099,633 64
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 1.811, S6S 53
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 10S.5S0 38
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all ether sources 223.2R5 49
Received fcr Rents 29,584 69
Received from all other sources 1S8.216 CO
Total Income $6. 458. 267 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $2, 754, 102 35
JCet troount paid for Marine Losses. 1,137 593 62
dividends to Stockholders 360.000 00
paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,103,958 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 336.142 40
Paid lor State, National and Local
taxes 120,221 72
All other payments and expendi-
tures 295,508 80
Total Expenditures J6.114.S27 35
X^oeses Incurred during the year $3.874,631 52
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year , J559.35S.869 $5,280,838 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year . - - 620.821.602 4,854.077 40
Net amount in force
December 31 1900 635.136.897 6,243.730 72
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Not amount of Risks
- written during the
year $398,754,420 J2.230.060 44
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 7T. 898,456,604 2.21S.K7 37
Net amount in force
December 31, 1300 6.245. 841 235.7jg 40
CHARLES PLATT, Prest.
GREVILLE B. FRYER, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ISth
fiay of January. 1901.
RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Public
Losses paid since organization,
$104,168,853.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
GEO. H. MURDOCH,
Agent City Department.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— -OP THE—
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
- LIMITED
Or 2 *. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
I-" day of December. A. D. 19W. and for the
year endlnt on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $888 148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 230 500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,882,333 75
Cash In Company's office 10.6O6 S6
CaEh ln Banks 193 ji 6 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17 80S SO
Interest due and accrued on Bond's '
and Mortgages 4 010 41
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion — . ............... . 403 gco 5r
Bills receivable, not Matured. ' taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6 293 79
Rents due and accrued g 055 54
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 4 182 15
Due from Palatine Insurance Com-
pany, since paid 143,266 53
Total Assets .$3.881.770 52
LIABILITIES. . =
Losses adjusted and unpaid $145 110 00
Losses ln process of Adjustment or in '
Suspense , 136,329 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 49 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Ricks run-
ning one year or less, $1,919,103 38;
reinsurance 50 per cent:.:...;........ 859 55V ««
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,838,-
220 03; reinsurance pro rata. ;. 9S0 511 07
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $34,131 93; :
reinsurance 100 per cent 34 131 93
Gross premiums on Marine Time * "
RiFks, $57,193 17; reinsurance 60 per
cen^ •*•••-••••••--...................... 28 596 5S
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 97.723 54
All other liabilities »...„ tjIsiJJ 16
Total Liabilities .$2,503,269 97
IN'COME. -. ¦ =
Net cash actually received for Fire " '
premiums $2,494,207 08
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 139 9(9 91
Received for interest on Bonds and -
Mortgages , 11032 50
Received for interest and dividends '. ' ¦.
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ,...'.....; 74.680 13
Received for Rents 16J753 21
. Total Income .$2,736,622 83
EXPENDITURES. . :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- j
eluding looses of previous years)... $1,768, 158 11
Net amount paidMor Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years) 65,175 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,816 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
eharges for officers, clerks,- etc ' 145 271 61
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 70,126 70
All other payments and expend-
itures 153.405 97
Total Expenditures .$2,C83,953 92
Losses Incurred during the year $1,782,699 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net. amount of Risks ¦ .' . '. .'V
written during the
year $309,974,637 $3,228.627 04
Net amount .of Risks . . . .• ..
expired during " . the
year 303,424,536 3,076,165 29
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.... 401,717.678 3,857,323 41
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . . ... -.
written during the
year $52,166,668 $220,803 57
Net amount of Risks
«xplred during the
year 48,522,157 162,586 34
Net amount ln force
December 31, 1900 3,643,972 67,009 77
A. H. WRAY. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of February. 1901.
EDWIN F. CORET, '
Commissioner for California in New York.?
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C; F:* MULLINS: . ; . . .: .Manager
Weekly Call,$l.pq per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~ THE IDEAL FOOD~~~
FOR BRAIN AND MUSCLE.
Malt Breakfast .Food
All Workers Should Use It.
•¦'•¦¦¦ ¦;;"'•:.
Malt Breakfast Food Is the world's Ideal
food for those who toll with brain or mus-
cle. It Is a concentrated and predigested
food, delicious ln flavor, nourishing, easily-
digested, and as economical as -oatmeal.
It is the popular food with all classes. It
has the best of gluten wheat as Its base
to which is added the wonderful proper-
ties of pure malt. You get
ALL. THE VIRTUES OF MALT,
ALL THE STRENGTH . OP WHEAT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I NEVER SOLD j
I TILL 1
I 10 YEARS OLD !
• - ¦" •
* i
I ¦ S Hunter |
I j«m4 Baltimore \
j 10 Years Old j
i^^^^^P be ? innln £' and ln I
i Bjtf^]'Sw?j^jl^3 10 years becomes g
I ffWaTyjijlW^CTj the finest type of I
| the finest whiskey |
i CHRISTY * WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc, i
S 5aa-W5 California St., San Francisco. CM. g
j Telephono Main S73. . ' ' i '
0ll«l«l«l«IMI«l«l«l«l«IMI«l«lt<lt<l«l«IMI«t«IIMI«l«lt-
DISORDERS £>\
BY FAR THE GREAT-Xy FsS^f/V^
er number ol patients ipT Y\j If <ST'
Eeeking relief for «o- \\ \ \ vt. II //
called •weakness are \\ \Jl Y/ //
¦trong, robust men ln
every other respect. Loss of Vitality. Premature-
ness, etc., are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
of inflammatory processes ln the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
eults. as Indicated by. increased circulation and
renewed strength, are ; observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application. Is interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
- ¦ ' / ' ¦
j) visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY)
\ Si ,, The '-»'?»* Anatomical Museum In the \
ft *"«fe«j», World - Weaknesses or any contracted Q
Z. K5 *98 ** e »' e P««Hlv«-l 7 rared by the oldest T
C JHMg 1 iP" 1 * 1 '" °n 'he Coast. E..t. 36 years. ©
itflSfETS DR> J O R DAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
f <8£33|3 Consultation free and strirtly priTate. \
I JW<Sr H Treatment personally or by letter. Afl
fl If vl H fotitivc Curt in every case undertaken. \
9 It I W w nte for Book. FBILOKUFnV of A
• II I 1 UnBIACE, HAILED FREE. ( A. ¥
X Q 1 , valuable book for men) . - - . .* . » \
f DR. SOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. P. V
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
THE GENUINE
IW JmrW^ f~\ /"* /"\ A
Ife^ &mL rf ; HI S ill fl/\
CHOCOI ATF
. Fj.tfif5$ "$3^ 1 7V$J MCTCTi5nSi--*ct»7« — j>aM wm ttmmiliemkMjf*** Urn mm n< « ton MiSl— *mt ]>¦ wS*Sj»K»W
Walter Baker & Co.. Ltd.
ESTABLISHED 1780. DORQHESTER. MASS..
Apy^TjsETyrriNTa.
][ f^'JI ill " ' " ~_i— »^ ' '"" ' " LLI I 'wj jg
corraiOMT mm at t»* mwtu a «m<m* oo. ohomnati.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
Y^^gOLLAR for dollar,' pound for pound, there is
T jj more in Ivory Soap than in any household
Jk^laK soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap; but
Vff*^ 1 to find purity and low price in a single. soap
is not easy. They combine in Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not
afford not to use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be pro-
cured. You pay nothing for a fancy box, wrapper
or 'perfume. It is all in4he soap! It floats.PROCEEDINGS OF THE EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
THE ".SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
The Young Men's Christian Association
has secured Bishop Potter, Bishop of New
York, to address the mass meeting for
men at the Young Men's Christian Associ
ation Auditorium next Sunday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock. Men only will be admitted to
the rnain floor of the Auditorium. The
galleries will be reserved for ladles. Spe
cial music will be furnished by the as
sociation male* quartet and there will be
other special exercises. Next Sunday will
be young men's day throughout the city,
as nearly all the pastors will preach spe
cial sermons to young men,- under the
auspices of the association.
Famous Prelate of New York Will
Speak at Y. M. C. A. Hall
on Sunday.
BISHOP POTTER TO SPEAK
TO YOUNG CHRISTIAN MEN
urer Thomas to the Board, of Missions is
as'joljows:
1901 -Si September 1 — To „- ' '
cash paid put since
September 1, 1900:
Domestic missions $163,074 47
Indian.missions 62,899 86
Colored" missions 73,365 50
•™- , ?«1.3S9 S3
Foreign missions ......... " tSS.070 91
Legacy expenses , 1,403 20
Cost of adminstratjon and
collection 44.619 82
Printing reports of the
board •..„„ • ; 22,143 31
"Woman's Aui iliary
United Offering ' of
189S:
For domestic missions...-., 15,627 23
For foreign missions 6.927 33
-, 20,954 62
Gift of a friend in Penn
vanla: ¦ ,
For domestic missions 8.010 00
For foreign missions 2,953 62
10,976 62
Legacies deposited in trust
funds '125.658 25
Ltgacies paid to Bishops. 2,300 00
- — = =— 127,857 26
Paid to annuitants '« 1.852 00
Specials for domestic mis
sions 109,442 47
Specials for foreign mis
sions 69.321 49
, — 178,763 S«
"The Spirit of Missions".. 16,318 08
"The Toung Christian Sol
dier" ,..: 8.694 51
Paid ' on account of re
ceipts not relating to the
current work of the so-*
clety ,... -. 35.307 52
To cash on hand Septem
ber 1, 1901, covering spe
cials, the Woman's Aux
iliary United Offering of
1698, the gift of a friend
in Pennsylvania- and re
quired for payments for
quarter ending Septem
ber 1, 1901 151,124 88
Total , $1,189,426 52
1900 — September 1 — By cash
on hand $190,522 05
1901— September 1 — By
cash received since
September 1, 1900:
Domestic missions 151,515 21
Foreign missions * 115,751 40
General missions 1S9.597 71
Legacies at disposal of
board 69.693 18
Legacies for investment.. 125.557 26
Legacy at discretion of
Bishops 2,300 00
197,550 44
Specials for domestic mis
sions ; 116,294 66
Specials for foreign mis- ." .
slons 70.152 14 1
¦ 186,446 SO
Woman's Auxiliary: . • - *
Domestic— Interest ,., 1,142 29
Foreign— Interest 1,045 S8
-™ — , 2.187 6T 1
The sift of a friend In. J
Pennsylvania ' . J.945 37
Withdrawn for time '
being from standing
committee '¦ on trust
funds: -
From temporary deposits
for domestic and foreign .
missions 39,000 00
From the «"Ann Eliza
Tweddle deposit" for do
" mestie and foreign mis
sions 40,000 00
— — 79,000 CO
'.'The Spirit of Missions": 15.5S4 fi7
"The Young Christian Sol
dier" 9,116 37
Received for purposes not
relating to the current -
work of the society 48,108 8S
Total $1,188,428 5:
RESOURCES AND LIABILITIES.
September 1, 1900, to September 1, 1901.
. (A) Domestic Missions-
Balance of appropriations on Septem
bert 1, 19Q0, unpaid...... 555,256 39
Appropriations, ¦ September 1, 1900,
to September 1, 1901 ..332,217 52
$390,473 91
Assets to September 1,
1600, to be applied to Do
mestics Missions by order
of the Board of Managers $46,819 53
Received for Domestic. In
dian and Colored Mis
sions 151,51i 21
One-half General Offerings 94.798 SS
Legacies applied toward
the ' appropriations, by
order of the Board of
Managers:
Legacies for Domestic
Indian and Colored Mis
sions 38,727 97
Undeslgnated legacies to
the Society 7,252 66
— 339.114 13
Deficiency to September I, 1901,
for Domestie Missions (see be
low) J $51,359 68
(B) Foreim Missions-
Balance of appropriations on Septem
ber 1, 1900, unpaid .' $42,930 39
Appropriations, September 1, 1900, to
September 1, 1901 878,765 63
¦ J321.63€02
Assets to September 1. I860,
to be applied to Foreign
Missions, by order of the "
Board of Missions $31,493 54
Received for Foreign Mis
sions 115,751 40 •
One-half General Offerings 94,798 83
Legacies applied toward
the appropriations. by
order of the Board Qf
Missions:
Legacies for- Foreign
Missions 15,993 33
Undesignated legacies to
the Society J2.239 23
— r— 270.336 34
Deficiency to September 1. 1901 for
Foreign Missions (see below)... $51,359 68
This deficiency of $102,719 36 for domestic
and foreign missions (including- $22,873 71 to
September 1 last year) has been temporarily
covered by the reserve deposits Bet aside a
number of years ago by the board of mana
gers from legacies and other sources amount
ing to $109,120 81, to meet the payments during
the early months of the year when the con. i
tributions are few. eo that while there is the
above very large deficiency in the receipts
for the year just closed, it may be said the
society Is not in debt.
The report of the treasurer was unani
mously adopted andJthe meeting then ad
journed for the regular recess.
Again, I wi*h to say to you that this society
possesses, without doubt, one of the most mag
rincent church mission houses In the world,
and that church mission house — rtiade possible
very largely by the generosity and the far
seelng ability, not only of the Rev. Dr. Lang
ford, but by one of the gentlemen on the floor
of this house (J. P. Morgan)— now enables the
society to get accommodations which otherwise
it would have to pay possibly $25,000 for every
year; enables the society to give the Woman's
Auxiliary all their accommodations without
cost.
That building stands on the balance sheet as
worth over $100,000. That is something we
should be very proud of, and not one dollar
of any missionary money ever went Into that
house. (Applause,) I Bee that I am heard.
I want to emphasize this fact for one reason:
The other day a friend of mine was coming up
through the streets of New York In one of the
cable cars, and as they approached the mission
house a clergyman who was showing a gen
tleman around tlie city said:
"There is the" church mission house built
by money contributed for missionary purposes
for the sake of giving these secretaries and
X-eople in New York palatial quarters."
Mpst unfortunately that was not taken tip
just then and there, but I made it the sub
ject of a short tract which I issued and had
published with regard to this matter.
I wish, in presenting the financial condition,
that we should all understand the emphasis
which should be put upon this great building,
free from debt and contributed for the useg of
the society as its headquarters." It is an ob
ject lesson day and night aa one goes up and
down in the city of New York.
Then again I want to call your attention to
the safeguards which are thrown around the
business of the office. I have had some ex
perience in the conduct of afrairs In an office;
I knew something about it. I have never been
in an office where the business was conducted
more strictly on business principles. The clerks
are prompt, they arc well officered: the assist
ant treasurer is a man of great' ability, a man
whom you ought to have and must have every
confidence in. In addition to that, nominated
by me - to the beard of managers and elected
by them after I make that nomination, he is
under bonds.
FUNDS OF THE BOARD
AEE CAtREFULLY CrTTAHDED
One change I found neceseary when I went
to the treasurer's department was in connec
tion with the drawing of checks. The rule was
interpreted to have the stubs of the check T
book and the check signed with one signature,
I changed that so there should be two signa
tures. 1 do not care so much about stubs, yet
the two signatures are necessary to draw
money. Those two signatures are either the
general secretary's or an associate on one side
and the treasurer or the assistant treasurer
on the other.
When we came here— I mention these things
because I am to talk about financial conditions
—I asked the board to allow me to take the
assistant treasurer here, as I thought he wouli}
be of use: and if I brought him I was to have
the privilege of naming an assistant secretary
to the treasurer, an acting assistant treasurer
who could take charge of matters while we
were away. About the signatures, I fixed it
in this way: The checks were signed by the
assistant treasurer and the associate separ
ately, and all drawn to the order of the Rev.
Robert Kimber, the acting assistant treasurer.
As far as we could we have safeguarded the
money. The treasurer has nothing to do with
the trust funds; they are in the charge of the
trust fund committee, and most careful are
their operations. One of the largest trust com
panies in the city of New York is its associate;
and every month these matters are reported
through the able chairman of the trust fund
committee, who is not with us at this time,
and who always . reports ' in connection there
with. ¦ '.
This is about as much as I care to say at
this late hour regarding the financial condi
tion. The outlook has been explained to you.
Let me in closing say one word about the re
serve. No business can be properly con
dueted without a reserve; but no reserve Is
worth anything if it can't be used when a
time of emergency requires; and If we had not
had this reserve this year this society would
be in debt.
When I became treasurer I found the society
a borrower of money — a good borrower, no bet
ter in the world. It had security behind it in
its investments which were loose through its
trust funds, which gave it a proper standing
as a borrower. But I said: "This must stop;
we must net borrow money If we can help
it," glad as I would have been as a banker to
have loaned the society money.
SAYS RESERVE FUND
MUST BE INCREASED
I found some money in the reserve. I suc
ceeded through unexpected legacies and other
means in getting . other money. That reserve
has been almost depleted. There was not a
hundred thousand dollars' deficiency this year;
it was really a little less than eighty thousand
dollars, because last year we were twent>>two
thousand dollars out, and this year out a hun
dred and two thousand dollars, including the
twenty-two thousand dollars of last year'.
That reserve, gentlemen, has got to be put
back. That Is the financial condition. If that
reserve is put back and we can feel that it is
there we can go ahead and not take from a
missionary, who may have five hundred dol
lars' salary, thirty-seven dollars and fif«y cents
this year. Is that right? Is that right? I
speak to men who have Influence In their dio
ceses. I beg them, to help me make up that
reserve. I want to make up that reserve. I
am ready to do my part, but I want some
help. I do not often stand cs a pleader for
money, but I do now. I ask your help to
make up this reserve.
I wish to say tp you gentlemen that as far
as I am concerned and as. long as I hold this
office, which is one of the proudest positions I
have reached, I want to say to you that I will
do my duty as far as I can' to guard this
money, but I can't raise it, and I do not con
sider that the treasurer's office requires that
he should do so.
I have tried to lay this financial condition
plainly and distinctly before you. I said at
the beginning it was fine; it Is fine; it is some
thing that we ought to be very thankful for.
But we want to stand where we ought to
stand in this great church of ours, and if God
wiU help us and give us his grace to do so, O,
what can we not accomplish! Were we not im
pressed when our brother read these closing
words;- "Our own duty Is to preach the gos
pel to all nations, whether they will hear, or
whether they will forbear."
Their conversion is in God's handa, and not
In ours; but we are responsible for their evan
gelization. The gospel must first be preached
unto all nations, and then shall the Son of
Man come. . (Prolonged applause.)
TREASURER PRESENTS
ELABORATE REPORT
The financial report submitted by Treas-
death of Dr. Langrford and In the period which
existed before the election of another general
secretary; I was forced to take responsibili
ties whtch the treasurer had never before as
sumed, those responsibilities having been taken
by me to the best of my ability. I found
when the new general secretary came that
I was possessed of information which I other
wise could not have received, and I have been
therefore able, I feel, in a measure to aid
him to the extent of my ability in the arduous
work in which he Is engaged.
>>ow. Just, one word. I am to talk about
the financial condition. It is admirable: the
financial condition could not be better— in one
particular, and that is this: AH our money
is as safe, I believe, as it Is possible for money
to be. It la watched and guarded with the
greatest of care. You have a board of man
agers who on every meeting day have the .re
ports of the treasurer audited by a specially
appointed committee, who have a specially em
ployed person for the purpose.
TEIXS OF GENEROSITY
" OF J. PIEHPONT M0BG41J
A very large audience filled Sherman &
Clay's Hall last night to listen to a num
ber of Dickens readings by Charlotte
Graeber, interspersed with violin solos by
George H. Kalthoff. Selections from
"Pickwick Papers," "Tale of Two Cities,"
"Old Curiosity Shop" and "Holly Tree
Inn" were excellently rendered. Mr.
Kalthoff s interpretations on the violin
were well received.
Successful Dickens Beading.
Sacerdotal Deinagoglsm. Read the Wasp. •
Mrs. Ema Gstt of .Sacramento, past
grand president of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West was the hostess last
night at a dinner in one of the prominent
rotlsseries given to a number of members
of the order who had been of material
assistance to her during her term of of
fice. The guests wore: Grand Vice Presi
dent Eliza D. Keith. Grand S&cietary
Miss Laura J. Frakes, Grand Trustees
Ella Caminetti end Emma Thierbach, til
lie O. Reichling, founder or the order;
Past Grand Presidents Mtsdames Conrad,
Tillmann and Mills, Ida Cervan, Lizzie
McKay, Lena B. M. Marston, Josephine
Coddsrgton, .Mnmie Sweeney and Mlas
McCarthy of Alta Parlor.
Mrs. Ema Gett's Dinner Party.
L<. & M. Alexander, agents Smith Pre
mier Typewriter, received the contract
from the Board of Education, this city,
to supply fourteen (14) new model Smith
Premiers. The typewriters are to be used
in the public schools for pupils to learn
upon. All makes were in competition. ?
Schools Buy Typewriters.
Previously reported, $12,63£t£5; Brewers' Pro
tective Association, $500; Redington & Co., $50;
Donohoe, Ke*lly & Co., $50; Adams Cosmopoli
tan Grammar School, $3165; Wilson & Co.,'
$25; Buckingham & Hecht, $25; C. R. Spllvalo
& Co., $20; San Francisco Stove Works, $10;
L. Lebenbaum & Co.. $10; Blanchard & Page,
$10; H. N. Tllden & Co., $10; Schlueter & Vol
berg, $10; Relss Bros. & Co., $10; Pacific Coast
Syrup Company, $10; Humboldt School. $9 65;
Valoline Oil Company. $5; J. Bllverman, $5;
Alfred and Cora Saroni, $5; Wales L. Palmer,
fl. Total to date, $13,129 55. .
The following donations were received
yesterday toward the fund now being
raised to erect a monument to perpetuate
the memory of William McKinley:
Funds for the McKinley Monument.
Mrs. James A. Garfield, widow of the
second martyred President of the United
States, arrived here yesterday in a spe
cial car en route to Pasadena, where she
will spend the winter months. She is not
in good health and the trip from the East
was very fatiguing to her. She Is accom
panied by her daughter, Mrs. James Stan
ley Brown, and four grandchildren. Mrs.
Garfieid did not leave her car on arriving
at the Oakland mole. The car was taken
across the bay on the freight boat and
coupled to the 6 o'clock train which left
the Third and Townsend streets depot for
Southern California.
Colonel Hitchcock, local representative
of the Union Pacific road, and William
McMurray of the Southern" Pacific met
Mrs. Garfield at Oakland and accompa
nied her to this city. She did not like to
discuss the assassination of President Mc-
Kinley, as it again or>ens the wounds of
her own grief. She said to Colonel Hitch
cock, however, that she hoped that in the
future the Government would take some
steps to more rigorously guard the Presi
dents of this country..
Accompanied by Her Daughter She
Will Spend the Winter Months
at Pasadena.
MRS. JAMES A. GARFIELD
PASSES THROUGH CITY
Miss Mollie McLeran, on the eligible
list, was assigned to the. Irving Scott
School, and Miss Lois Angeline Peckham,
also on the list, was assigned to the Han
cock School.
Resignations w^re accepted from Har
riet A. Spalding, Peabody School, and
from Miss H. .Valerie Brennan, Horace
Mann Evening School.
Notwithstanding that the charter spe
cifically provides that, all contracts for
supplies furnished to the city snail be
awarded to the lowest bidder, the Board
of Education yesterday accepted the bid
of a certain firm for fourteen typewriters
at $70 each. The lowest bid was $59 75 and
the next $65. . The board explains its ac
tion by claiming- that a particular kind of
typewriter is desired.
The board ratified President Kincaid's
appointment of Dr. Lois Nelson and Dr.
Henry Gibbons to examine all applicants
for the teachers' eligible list.
Two Teachers Taken From Eligible
List to Till Vacancies Caused
by Rasignations.
SCHOOL BOARD TRANSACTS
USUAL ROUTINE BUSINESS
There was an altercation yesterday be
tween Prank Powers, an attorney, and
Assistant Secretary Berliner of the Board
of Education. The trouble occurred in
the outer office of the board and began
when Powers took Berliner to task for
not giving his clerk certain information
from the records covering teachers' claims
for 189S. Berliner retorted that he had
given the data on Thursday, which asser
tion Powers denied. Berliner declared
that either Powers or his clerk lied,
whereupon the attorney shot out his fist
toward the secretary's nose. Berliner
ducked cleverly, and grabbing up an ink
bottle hurled it at his antagonist. Miss
Humphreys, private secretary to Presi
dent Kincaid, entered the office just then
and the bottle grazed her face. The ink
was spattered over her ciothes and on the
walls.
Powers asserts that some time ago Ber
liner wanted ia charge him $10 for a list
of the claims. Berliner says the list is
his private property, and not a public
record. He also says Powers offered him
?5 for it, but he refused to accept the
money.
Ink Bottle at Frank Powers,
but Misses Him.
Assistant Secretary Berliner Hurls an
It was announced by the president that
$506,731 41 had been given by the Presby
terian women to home missions during
the year 1900.
Whereas. The subject of 'polygamy is being
discussed by the American people with a view
to making an amendment to the constitution of
the United States preventing polygamy in
every State and Territory in all its forms, and
believing that polygamy is a violation of God's
lsw, a menace to our homes and a disgrace to
our nation, therefore be it
"Resolved, That San Francisco Presbyterian
Society indorse the action of the International
Council of Women for Christian and patriotic
service in their anti-polygamy crusade; and
be it
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to our Representatives and Sen
stors.
There were vocal solos by Mrs. McKee
and-Mrs. Carson and an address on ''Op
portunity and Obligation" by Mrs. Hume,
in which she paid a glowing tribute to
the late President and decried the spirit
of anarchy. - - _. . .
Mrs. F. H. Jones introduced the fol
lowing anti-polygamy resolution, wh'ch
was unanimously adopted by the society.
The semi-annual meeting of the Presby
terlal Society of Home Missions of San
Francisco was held yesterday in Trinity
Presbyterian Church.
The opening service was conducted by
the president, Mrs. H. T. Ames; secreta
ries. Miss Morton, Mrs. W. Mead, Mrs. J.
B. Roberts, Mrs. E. L. Wemple, Mrs. A.
A. Britton and Miss M. E. Boyce, which
was followed by short reports of the busi
ness transacted by the society.
Mrs. T. Pedlar read a report on the
treasury and Mrs. H. L. King, Mrs. K.
H. Avery, Mrs. Patterson. Mrs. A. L.
Sobey and Mrs. Barry delivered short
addresses on matters pertaining to mis
sionary worK- Mrs. Hemphill read a me
morial service at the close of the fore
noon session. The afternoon session was
opened with devotional service conducted
by Mrs. A. E. Bradley.
Rev. Dwight E. Potter spoke of "The
Missionary Substitute Company," saying
in the course of his remarks that "many
people do not believe in missions. It does
not matter what we think, but what God
says. He does not ask our. opinjon, but
our obedience."
Resolutions Asking Congress tc
Abolish Polygamy in All States
and Territories.
PRESBYTERIANS DISCUSS
WORK OF HOME MISSIONS
I am to si>eak on the report of the board of
managers. I have no criticism to make, be»
I cause the work of the board of managers has
! been admirable and all that it should be. We
could not .place our business in the hands of
a better set of men and no one could attend
to It more faithfully. But the only thing we
learn from that report Is that, notwithstanding
all that is done for diocesan missions and for
parish missions, we need a great deal more
money for our general work than we receive.
And I also find a feeling throughout the church
that we are perfectly able to provide that
money. After studying the question aver, I
find that instead of the $500,000 that we do
receive for missions we ought to be receiving
twice as much. It would enable us to stop
the mouths of the grumblers. We would not
have to ask the Woman's Auxiliary to do
what they always do, pay our debts. •
When the applause ceased the Bishop
offered the following resolution: •
Resolved, That $1,000,000 be raised for general
missions during the year beginning September
1. 1901.
Resolved. That this sum be apportioned
among the different dioceses and missionary
districts and that the Bishop and deputies of
each dioeese and missionary district be re
quested to take measures to provide for the
raising of the sum so appropriated.
Resolved. Tbat the offerings made through
the American Church Missionary Society be
considered as a part of this $1,000,000.
Resolved, That a committee consisting of
three Bishops, three presbyters and three lay
men be appointed by the Board of Missions,
who. after consultation with the 'Bishops and
deputies from each diocese and missionary dis
trict, shall make this apportionment and report
to this board before the adjournment of this
1 convention.
Resolved. That this committee be continued
until the next General Convention and be in
structed to make the apportionment each year.
The Bishop of Montana was then recog
nized and delivered a report of the board
of managers. He said:
Resolved. That the board of managers be di
rected to request an appropriation of a specific
sum from each and every diocese and from
every church to cover the deficiency in tlie
treasury of the beard, and that the action of
the board under this resolution be communi
cated to the Bishops of every diocese, who
are requested to take charge of the raising of
the money and all such collection be paid to
the board of managers.
DELIVERS THE REPORT
OF BOARD OF MANAGERS
A delegate from Georgia offered .the fol
lowing resolution, which was referred to
the committee on board of managers:
The resolution was adopted, and Bishop
Tuttle appointed the following committee:
The Bishop3 of 1 Alabama, Pennsylvania, We^t
Virginia, Tennessee. Washington, Rev. Edwin
S. Lines. Connecticut; Rev. H. S. Restarick.
Loe Angeles; Rev. Edwin B. Niver, Maryland;
Rev. Benjamin Brewster. Colorado; Rev. James
Goodwin, New Hampshire; Joseph Packard,
Maryland; Henry Hayes. Ohio; Joseph Wilmer,
Virginia; William H. Lelghton, Minnesota, and
John H. Stir.ees, Rhode Island.
.Reeolved. That a committee consisting of
five Bishops, five clergymen and five laymen
be appointed to report at the next (meeting of
the Board of Missions, such changes in the
present canon 7, title 3. of the constitution of
the domestic and foreign missionary societies,
as In Its judgment may tend to promote greater
efficiency In the work of that society.
a city of the East some stalwart patriots made
and passed a Declaration of Independence. The
far-reaching result of that action we have not
yet begun to measure. To-day on the Western
elope there is another declaration of inde
pendence, and now, Mr. President, 1 ask that
this body adopt the resolution by a rising vote.
Mr. Prince of New Mexico followed and
said: -
It appears to me that the appropriate action
of this body on this document which is pre
sented Is a little different from that which is
proposed by the church. The document asks
as a favor that the board hereafter make no
appropriations. I hope that the board accedes
to the request of the authorities of the diocese
of California, and trust that this admirable
example thus set by the Californian will be
followed by many other dioceses.
Both motions were carried. '
MISSIONARY SOCIETIES
ARE TO BE IMPBOVED
The Bishop of Washington then intro
duced the following resolution:
SCHOOL BOARD EMPLOYE
QUARRELS WITH ATTORNEY
It being close to the hour of adjourn
ment the Bishop of Maryland made a mo
tion to refer the consideration of the res
olution introduced by the Bishop of Mon
tana to the committee of fifteen appointed
to consider the resolution offered by Bish
op Satterlee. The motion was adopted
and the committee was directed to re
port at the next session.
An adjournment was then taken by the
Board of Missions until Thursday even
ing, October 10.
On Tuesday evening next the Board of
Missions will hold a mass-meeting in Me
chanics' Pavilion.
t^^.^^.;..;,.;..;..;..;..;..;..;..;..:..;..; ,;.,;,;¦¦;¦¦:¦¦?¦¦;¦ ©
Kow I think the attention of the board should
be directed to every baptized person in the
whole church, because that baptism conse
crates a man to be a missionary to Jesus
Christ.
The Rev. Dr. Greer of New York fol
lowed, and- said he wished to protest
against the statement that had been made
several times at the meeting of this Board
of Missions that there were 4700 Christian
parishes in connection with the church in
•the United States which contribute noth
ing and have contributed nothing during
the last year toward the missionary work
of the church. Continuing he said:
There Is not a Christian parish anywhere in
the country, large or small, that is not doing
missionary work. If they were going to raise
$1,000,000 let them give encouragement and rec
ognition of their work throughout the whole
church. Let them say to the struggling little
parishes: "You are doing missionary work,
and splendid work at that, according to your
means." They might be doing it among the
poor and Ignorant of their own little strug
gling parishes, but It was good work and
should be,.*ommended and encouraged instead
of being' slurred by such remarks as had been
heard on the floor. **"
Dr. Greer continued in this strain,
speaking forcibly and eloquently and
evoking applause, notwithstanding the
rule against such manifestations of ap
proval.
The Rev. Dr. Spalding of Alabama fol
lowed. He simply wished to emphasize
the last thought of the Bishop of Pennsyl
vania. In part he said:
I wish to advocate this measure because it
Is going to bring home to the heart of each in
dividual of the church the question of the
spreading of the Gospel throughout the world.
It seems to me that thought and consideration
enough has not been giveji to the small sums
which are the fruit of self-denial of conse
crated persons.
The large rivera are made up of little drops
of water. And somehow oranother we fall to
touch the common life of our congregations.
I sometimes do a little mathematical figuring
on this subject. Now I understand, if I caught
the figures correctly, there are 700.000 communi
cants in this church and the Board of Mis
sions had to expend about $700,000. Now, sup
pose that of these 700,000 communicants each
communicant was to lay aside one penny a day
for the work days of the year. We would
have just three times the amount of money
that has been appropriated during the past
year. A man giving up one cigar a week
(applause) would make some appropriation and
a very considerable one toward the accumula
tion of this fund.
AN EARNEST PROTEST
The Rev. Dr. Mann of Western Missouri
in seconding the resolution said that there
appeared to be apathy in the church and
timidity on the part of the board of. man
agers—on the part of the first in giving
for missionary purposes, and on the part
of the latter in asking, and each was
the cause of the other. There is a deficit,
according- to the report, , of over $100,000.
There are a hundred men in the church
each of whom could pay the entire de
ficit without impairing his fortune. But
It rested with the clergy in the last resort.
There would be no permanent success un
til the parish clergy throughout the coun
try were aroused and interested and took
the matter in hand.
The discussion was continued by the
Rev. Mr. Tempa of Vermont and the
Bishop of Marquette. The last named
suggested that a subscription be started
during the meeting of the convention,
saying he wished to subscribe himself,
and a friend had shown him three names
on a card who wished to subscribe $1000
each. He believed the whole deficit could
be made up in 1 his way and the impair
ment of the reserve be avoided.
The Bishop of Pennsylvania, who was
a personal friend of the late Dr. Langford
and -a. missionary worker, spoke of a plan
to raise money. He said he spoke from
experience, and advocated an apportion
ment plan to obviate deficiencies in the
treasury.
REV. SB. GHEEB MAKES
Continued from Page Four.
FINANCIAL MATTERS ARE DISCUSSED
Continued From Page Five.
MEETING OF BOARD OF MISSIONS
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TTNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE^—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE -
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day. »3 made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. • '
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 S7
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ,. 612.. oO 00
Cash in Banks - 42. S 76 S3
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks .
and Loans 4,725 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection 37,440 23
Bills r«eelvable. not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risk3.,... 700 42
Total Assets tS.1.682 81
LIABILITIES.
Losses in pro-iess of Adjustment or in
Suspense J5.2S7 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $172,440 9S; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent S6.CZ0 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, J101.7S3 52; rein-
surance pro rata 47,089 94
All other liabilities .., ....; 8,437 17
Total Liabilities .'.W47.085 01
INCOME. 7"
Net cash actually received for Tlie
premiums ....£07,3S4 07
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources ,.; 19.091 93
Received for Rents 13,657 £0
Total Income J2t0.1S3 50
- EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding |2,027 05, losses of previous
years) 138.351 75
Paid or allowed for Commission' or
Brokerage 43,532 M
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc .. 14,233 06
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3.6S1 31
All other payments and expenditures. 13,997 21
Total Expenditures {1S3.81S 23
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $101,751 IS
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 121,534,111 *263,5» 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ..,..,...-.. 16,636,693 122,830 52
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 19C0...:..... 28,438.923 274.224 50
___ SAMUEL R. WEED,
of "Weed & Kennedy, Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2ath
day of February, 1901.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F. .
C- F. MULLINS Manager
DR.MEYERS&CO. Jjiit%
Specialist. Disease §s!§$* i|f
and weakness of l|||lf >
men. Established 5*^gr j£*"^L*SsS '
1SSL Consultation TwS.- *^ff ip?
and private book j^ sL t
tree, at office) or by jT3?§n-
jnail. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar- l^^^^M
ket Etreet (eleva- J^S7^»<t\ / W
tor entrance). Saa
Francisco. "^^ fSi*^-
RATLWAY TRAVEL..
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4:20 a
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:03 p 2:85 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
•' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•¦ Visalja.... 3:40 p 4:4S a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a ....
" Chicago.. I 2:15 p 1 9:00 p
a for morning: P for afternoon.
?9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinlns
Cars through tp Chicago. Chair Car runs
ta Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. Correspond-
In? train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday ani
Friday.
4:20 p. ra. is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m!
8:00 p. m. Is the Overlapd Exnress with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers «n4
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, whjch cuts out at Fresno
.Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p ni"
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleid Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley, Ccrr«-
ipendir-s train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offlces— 611 Market street and in Fern
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway'. Oak-
land.
flQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SousqUto Ferry.
. Commencing September 2) iaoi
FRO* SAN^KA^CISCO TOJILL VA LLEX
WEEK DATS— 6:53. 8:30. «9:30. 1100 a. m
•1:45. 3:15. 4:1J. 5:15. •6:15, S.45 p. ra '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 6:30 and 11:40 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— *S:00. »10:uO, «ll:J0 a. m. «l-is
2:15. «4:43. 6:30. 9:30 p. jn. *"
-Trains marked (•)' run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
a, Jn.. '12:25. 2.15. tiG* 4:4), 5:33 p. m 3
EXTRA TRrPS on Mondays. Wednesdav,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m veaneS( laya
SUNDAYS— «:15. »S:CO. •10:00. Muj . m
•1:40. •i.ti, 4:45. »«:39 p. m. . * nu '
Trains marked (•) etart from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXClSrn
, WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. T:33. 8^33. io"n
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m S0
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdav.
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:33 p In eanesda ys
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 19:05 a. m. 12:05 2-13 v^n
5:00. 6:43 p. m. ' "• .*•*'..
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
8:<W a.' m.* Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
sS"urne? ayS an<5 tra!n » "n on^
BAHWAT TBAm.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO!
1 man ritAJici *«:«>.
(lUin Una, Toot of Mmxktt Street.)
is ATI — From JVI.T !«. 1801. — l**xr\
7:OO* Benicte, SuijUD, Elmir* aad Bacr*>
memo • •'••J*
T«OOa VicMille. Wlnten. Rumtey......... 7iM»
?«8»Alla»tfiie«..S»nlUn>en,V»lieJ<».N»P«» "_
Culisti.ga »lr! H»nt» Kosa «l33?
S:OOa DaTis. Woodland. Kuigttc* Landlnj.
MarjMille. <>ro»l!l«_. .----— , J'22*
SiOUa Atlantic Kzpresa— Ogdeu and Eul 1»«»3»
!»:»•»* NUea, Uthiop, 8toektoa.... ........ 7****
8iuOa Kite*. Mendota, Hanford. Vi»lia,
PorterriUe v^.......... *»33#
|,jUi Shasta EUpreu— Daris, Wini*m» (tc*
Bartlett Springs). WUlow*. K«l
Bluff, Portland. 7»33»
•iKOa 8*u Jom, IiTennwe, Stoekbm,
lone. Sacramento. PUcettlU*
M.rrifilla, Chlco, UeA nhiff *«23»
SiSOa Oakdale, Chlneaa (Ycaemlto). Bo- _
V nora. Carters .......•••••••••••«•• •!¦»?
»:«O* lUTWMd, Nilesand Waj 8t»Uoo«.. »»>»2*
»:«OAV»aejo ;;••_:;•••• 1 * ! * 3 »
VsOVaLm Anjelcs Expres« — Martluer.
Traej, Latiirop. Htockton, Merced
Fresno and Lo* Anxelea 2 s2 ?*
•:3OA Vall.j,,. Marllnaz ami Way Station* 7:33*
I Oiiiui Th« OverUnd I.tmited— Ogdan. D««-
ter, Umaha. Chicago • •***
tl:«Op3»ciaiaeiiti»KIierSte-»in«r« "2»-*
8:3Or Hit ward. Nilm and Wir SUtloM.. JlM»
4.uor ISenicla. Winters. tlasnuitent%
Vt'ouiliatM!. Kuigbta Laadlnfc
MarjsTlUe. Oro*lli« ••>B3^
4i«ap Martinez. Hail lUinoa, Taliejo,
Napa. t'alUtoua. 8»nU Coca •iSSa.
4i00i>NUes,LlTenno», Stockton. Lodl... l *'*2*
4i3uf Hayward. Ntlei. ftau Joae, iittrmors tSiAO*.
4i3Or Port Cos'*, Traey, L»throp. Stockton 1u:25a
ts««r The Owl IJinitod— fresuo, Tulaxo,
BakeraOeNI. «angii» for Santa JBa*.
bara, Los Aueelea S>33*
BiOOr Murtinrs. AnUoch, Stockton, Mex-
eed.Fremo JJ :2 5*
»s«M»p Yosemite ia*»a»
Bt3»r New Orleans Eipre«s— Mendota.
Fresno, Bakersfieid, mjou Angeles,
Deming, El Paw, New Orlsani
and Eist 7»53a.
Sinop IUyward, Xilea aud 3»n Jose 7i3oa.
««tOi>r V»ll»j<» IJtSSa.
•>our Oriental Mail— Osdeo. Clttyennsw
Omaha. Chicago 1*iS3»
•tOOr Orieutal ilaii— Ogiea, Denver.
6t Lou?s, Chicago. «i23f
¦JitOr Ovsion ami California l"i|>r«w,Ha*>
iKiuento. Marjaillle. ited.Ung.
Portland. 1'iifat Hound and Kasft »>33a
¦ i«Sr San PaHo, Purt Costa, Msrtlaes
and Way Stations lliSS*
Yalleln 7taa»
COAST LJNE (N'arrovr tlauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
1? «45a Saata Cnu Excursion to ttants> Cnu
aud Principal W»j Stations tS:03»
Si 1 9 a New ark. Oen ter»llle,San Jote, Fe! ton.
Boulder Creek, .Santa Crux and Way
Station* »»«•»
fSiISr Newark. CenterTiUe. Ban Joae, How
Alniaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cras and Principal War
Stations I0iA«4
4:13 p Newark. .Saa Joao. LosGatos t*»' 3l »*
m * i % 5r 01en-wood.Boalda» Creek. Santa, Cnu « »i3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma 8JJ ms CISCO— Fm; «f Mul-it Strut (Sip S>—
! t7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:C3 3:C3 6:19p.M.
! tr«a0UUl»— r**l •! ftruaw**.— 1«:00 tS.OO t3;C»
10:00 i.m. 12:S3 2:C3 l:C3r.». - '
-COAST LINE (Bra»«l flange).
(Third ntid Townsend Sta.)
' «:it»A Saa Jose and Way Mtation*.. ........ aiS**
t~:«OA Kw Joae a»d VS*» SUtiuu* itSOp
/7i«ua Ken Aluiadeu /*:1O»
)7t30A Sunday Excursion (or San Jcce.
flanta Cruz. Psciao Grore aad
Principal Way Stations. tn-.Z**
••••A Kan Joaa. HoOlater. Kaiita <'ni*.
Pactile »Jm»e. SaUnas. tun Lids
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Pria-
dpai intermediate SuUnus.. ...... 7:30*
I0;30a San Jose and Way Stations.. 6:3U»
I 1 jU»a han Joss %nd Way Stations St3tt*
tSs-iar San Mateo, lUdwood, Menlo Park.
Pain Alto. Hanta Clara, San Jose,
HoPbter, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove flOilS*
• iSOr San Joae, Tres PInos. Sauta Crai,
Pacific GroTe and Way Stations 4:l»r
f4:1Sr San Joseaud Principal Way_ Statioua *i43a
t&sOOr&an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* fSseOi
5:SOp 3a:i Jote and Principal Way Station* S:39a
Oioof Redwood, Han Jos«. GUrcy. SaUsaa,
Sauta Barbara, Los Angeles. 10:93 a
•:nor San Jose aud Way Stations......... t»:«u*
»l I :4^ p San Joaa and Way Stations 7:3P»
A for Moraine. ' P for A f ternooa.
t .Sunday excei> ted. t Snnday only.
• Saturday only. c Monday.
• Ba<nrHy »a 1 Sunday. /Xneadays *cd Friday*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS Rt. CO.
LiESSES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot af ¦mrtft 4fc
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK L»AYS-7:30. 3:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:3i
3:30, 5:10. S:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trias at l - o<>
and 11:30 p. ra.
S UNDAYS-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. S:20 p. m. .
t.-^^J 5 ? 11 J*a fae! *«> San Francisco.
WEKK DAY*y-*:10, 7:30. 9:20, 11:19 a. m.: 12:45
3:40, 5:l» p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 155
and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-S:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. SAX
5:05, 1:25 p. m. .-
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Sua- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days:
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am 8 40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am| Petaluma. «:05 pm 10 25 US
»:iq pm| o:0Q pmj Santa Rosa. 7:3a pm 8:20 pa
. — Fulton, .
* :S0 ««« "Windsor. k):25 am
5:Mpm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyscrville.
1:30 pm S:00am Cloverdale. lapm f:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:C0 pml Hopland 110:40 am] 10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pml t:20 SS
.7:30 am! I 10:40 am,10:25 am
f S:00 ami GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
ZXQ Pm]_5:00_pm] j t:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma i:i5 am 1:40 ani
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm «:20 pm
l^ f : m am ! «, : 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 5:C0 pml Sebastopol. 17:35 pm| *:20 pm
K^* es "^l^l «' Sama Rosa for Marie West
for rfrt,, a?d W^r lte Sul P h « r Springs: at Fulton
Gev^i™?n W V at c5 Mon for L > tton Sprint: at
f^i. 1 T in p for S^a^g3 Springs: at Cloverdala
£° r r ,^* J^l^ 3 '- at Hopland for Duncaa
fcprincs, Hiehland Sprines. Kelseyville. Carls-
tad SDrlncs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
l£S5£5 *} t-klah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
tpringa. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
V p v lns ?: i^per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
it k P? re ' K« v erside. Lierleys. Bucknell'*
fcanhedrin Heischts. Hullville. Orr*» Hot
fcpnngs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Wosi-
&>rt Lsal. Willits. Laytosville. Cummins.
if 3 _ SDrines. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. ScoUa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t.
ilOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito reny Arnve
§i»i Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Fm, Saa Trawlm to Samsit «->a B«Wn. %\ *\
13ek«t O&m, 421 XAJULTt STSXST ud SACSAUTO FEKST.
'^*~~*%k Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^&Mi 629 KEARJSX ST. Established
fcflS^E&J 1 " IS31 'or the treatment *f l'riv«t«
C^-^*?? ? :st<s?ies - ko?» Manhood. D-bil!tv or
**5^^>^^'"'*'* as ' i "''arinffon body and mln.iarKi
•Sg^fflg^^Stin Diseoscs. TUe Doctor cores. when
*ia8§Kio!B3!? ther * **"• ' rT T him. Thargta low.
Nitoffiai«nrMcnaraiiiffU. Callorwrltft
l>r. J. F. «I&SO^. ssau Francisco. OU.
PAINE'S CZLES.Y COMPOUND.
MOURNING Iff
MANY A FAMILY
Precious Lives That Alight
Have Been Saved
If Paine's Celery Compound
Had Early Been Used
Instead of Putting Faith in
Wortnless Cure-Alls. '
TJscre should be new legislation against
the exercise of criminal ignorance in tlmea
of sickness.
Many a good family is In mourning- to-
day for the loss <st a relative who, when
first the symptoms of serious sickness ap-
peared, made the fatal mistake of simply
taking the wrong medicine.
As soon think of stopping the sun with
a wave of the hand as of stopping the
ornrard course of disease in the human
sy-Btem with any. of th« various patent
ccneoctions tinder patent names so num-
erously in the market to-day.
There is but one remedy known to medi-
cine that can bring: new life and vigor to
•worn out nerves, restore to their normal
condition the functions* that depend upon
nerves and brain, properly nourished and
Xed. tfcat cures sleeplessness, allays indi-
rection, sends healthy blood coursing
through the veins, tones up the system
and makes the weak strong again, and
that Is Paine'g celery compound— the dis-
covery of the greatest of America's many
physicians.
Paine's celery compound is not a pat-
ent nj©dicine. It is thp one prepared rem-
edy that has the unqualified indorsement
of those physicians whose knowledge and •
- ¦ ¦ i
HON. R. U McKEE.
ability have made their names known not
ccly among their immediate neighbors but
throughout the country.
Xo other prepared remedy was ever rec-
on.mended publicly or privately by the
head of the medical department of a
great university. No other remedy ever
bad the hearty, bona fide indorsement of
the wives and households of the wealth-
iest as well as the poorer citizens in every
community.
A single bottle, to be had of any repu-
table druggist, will prove its unequaled
merit to any family where to-day some
member suffers from the much-to-be-
feared beginnings of what before the win-
ter is past, unless attended to promptly,
may prove to be the final breakdown.
"Paine's celery compound," says Hor.
R. L. McKee of Jefferson City, one of
the soundest men in public life in Mis-
souri, "Paine's celery compound is so well
known that I feel that a recommendation
from me can add very little weight, but
I do wish to gratefully recommend it to
those who have never been so fortunate
as to try it."
There Is no season eo favorable as this
for taking advantage of the wonderfully
renovating virtues of this remedy. Don't
begin the winter in poor health. Nature
does little at this season to rejuvenate un-
aided the fagged out brain or to restore
to health the diseased nerves. Paine's
celery compound nourishes perfectly the
bcdily system. It cures diseases of the
important organs of digestion, circulation
and excretion, regulates the entire nerv-
ous ej-stem and supplies the body with
strength to combat disease.
¦iii—i i»«i n ly i 1—fc^n.i.m ¦¦!¦¦¦ J^
YOU CAN'T
GET AWAY
From the fact that laundry work, to be i
satisfactory, must be well done.
Good laundry work tells its own story,
and we're willing ours should do the tell-
ing, confident that we will win your or-
ders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 jp&r Year.
¦ Fels-Naptha . =
Fels-Naptha soap needs no
argument with the woman who
j ' uses it according to the simple
directions. She finds that with
no boiling and but little rub-
bing, in half, the time with half
the work, the clothes come out
whiter and sweeter than ever she
saw before. Not half the wear
I either. Actual fact, or money
returned by. your grocer.
' '^'¦^Gtui, Laos & Stroh (Inc.).
Philadelphia - San Francl!1M) . : .
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /&**~^£^£>
Very small and as easy
to taJto as sugar.
CARTERO FOB DIIZIMESS.
mime F0R B « U0USNESS - pfnihnf
GFNIIINE fliurD for torpid liver. uLNUIfiL
UtWUlWL glVEjK F0R coHSTIPATIOH.
IIIDADDrD B ¦ FOR SALLOW SKIIf. WRAPPER
WRAPPER Jg^flFORTHECOMPLEXiOM " n * rri - n
' ' GEZTOZTTCi MUST HAVgsySMATUWC. _
25 P 1grts 1 ygrcly ?egeta»le v <agw^^««S
• "PRINTED REP PAPER."DEMOCRATIC ORATORS INDULGE IN MANY FLIGHTS OF FANCY IN PRESENTING THE NAMES OF MUNIC
IPAL CANDIDATES BEFORE THE CONVENTION HELD LAST NIGHT IN B'NAI B'RITH HALL, EVOLV
ING SOME STARTLING PHRASES IN DEPICTING THE GOOD QUALITIES OF THEIR FAVORITES.
DEMOCRATS SELECT SEVEN OF THEIR CANDIDATES.
For Treasurer , SAM H. BROOKS
For Recorder , . . EDMONT> GODCHAUX
For Public Administrator PATRICK BOLAND
For District Attorney :........' LEWIS F. BYDTGTON"
For Police Judges ALFRED J. FRITZ, CHARLES T. CONLAN
For Tax Collector JOSEPH FASSLER
The campaign committee met day be
fore yesterday and organized by the elec
tion of Maurice L. Asher chairman, P. H.
Prendergaat secretary and Frank French
treasurer. Max Goldberg and P. H.
Prendegast .were appointed to select
headquarters for the campaign. They
have selected rooms at 620 Market street.
Tho Republican candidates held a meet
in™ last night at the old County Commit
te-i rooms, 620 Market street. Auditor
Wells did not grace the occasion by his
presence. Among other .absentees were
A. B. Mahony, nominee for County Clerk
and Ed J. Smith, candidate for Tax Col
lector. The conference was called to con
sider the subject of campaign contribu
tions. Thore was diversity of opinion re
garding the amount that should be put
In possession of the compaign committee
to make a general fight. The law allows
a candidate to expend 10 per cent of his
first year's salary. A proposition to don
ate. SO per. cent of this allowance was not
favored by a majority of the candidates
and the proposition was ultimately re
duced to 60 per cent. Provided all the
candidates "pony up" this donation will
give the committee $4884. The aggregate
of a year's salary of all the offices to be
filled at. the next election is . $S1,400. The
candidates are permitted to spend 10 per
cent or an aggregate sum of $8140. and
of the latter amount 60 per cent or $4SS4 is
donated. The residue $3256 may be ex
pended at the pleasure of the "respective
nominees. i
In the absence of Colonel Burns all the
troubles in the camp were passed up to
Herrin. When Wells paced the floor of his
apartments at the Pleasanton and threat
ened to step down and out if B. P. Flint
was not put on the ticket for Supervisor
Goldberg was almost frightened out of his
wits. When Wells saw that Goldberg was
weakening he renewed his threats to re
sign. Goldberg, grasping the telephone,
called on Herrln for relief. In response to
an immediate summons Goldberg lost his
presence of mind and hired a carriage to
go to Herrin' s house. What followed at
the Herrin residence can only be con
jectured. Perhaps the nominee for Mayor
was spoken of in complimentary terms,
but the words of comDliment were not
taken down. . It seems, however, that Her
rin assented In general principle to the
proposition that the nominee for Mayor
should have been consulted in naming one
candidate for Supervisor.
Candidates Hold Conference.
Gol/Iberg Receives Bad Fright.
Asa R. Wells, the Republican nominee
for Mayor, and his associates on the
ticket are having' a circus. Wells broadly
insinuates that some of the nominees for
the Board of Supervisors are no good.
The would-be Supervisors who were care
fully selected by Jere Burke do not hesi
tate to hint that Wells is "daffy", and
ought to be pulled off the ticket. N Chair
man Thomas D. Rlordan, chairman of the
Jate Republican Convention, was so hot
around the collar when he heard that
Wells had sent Max Goldberg to Herrin
with a threat to resign that he offered to
pay $500 out of his own pocket if the can
dld^to for Mayor would get off the ticket.
Riordan is willing' that Wells shall stay
on the earth, but wants him to come off
the party perch. t .
Now conies Brilsford'P. Flint, saying
that nothing could induce him at this
time to go on the ticket for Supervisor,
In view of Flint's present attitude Wells
recalls his threat to withdraw from the
race. The outcome of the whole uproar
Is the placing of Max Goldberg on the
campaign committee.
In the Republican Camp.
A. G. Maguire, chairman of the commit
tee' en Supervisors, then moved an ad
journment until this evening at 7 o'clock,
saying- that the committee desired to ex
amine the names suggested and find if
they were entirely satisfactory. An ad
journment was then taken.
Jjittja time was lost in naming candi
dates. Joseph Rothschild of the Fortieth
District named Bam H. Brooks for Treas
urer, and Brooks was elected by acclama
tion.
Thomas M. O'Connor of the Twenty
ninth District in a humorous speech
named Bdmond Godchaux for Recorder.
He was the only candidate and the nomi
nation was made by acclamation.
Patrick Boland was nominated for Pub
lic Administrator by Charles A. Sweigert
.of the Thirty-seventh District, There was
no opposition.
Porter Ash© was greeted with cheers
when he took the platform to name Lewis
F. Byington for District Attorney He
was chosen without opposition.
For Police Judge George A. Connolly of
the Fortieth District named Judge AJfred
J. Fritz, and Thomas M. O'Connor named
Judge Charles T. Conlan. There were no
other candidates.
Joseph Fassler was nominated for Tax
Collector by Curtis Hlllyer and chosen
without opposition.
The chair then asked before the conven
tion adjourned to meet at Metropolitan
Hall this evening that the delegates form
themselves into district conventions, each
to select four -members to the County
Committee.
Name a Few Candidates.
We believe in the right of the ¦workingmen
to organize In unions and recognize that these
uniins are potent influences in promoting their
welfare. -Modern industrial conditions require
a recognition frpnj both employer and employe
that their interests are mutual and that ar
bitration brings about the quickest and most
satisfactory solution of their differences,
Wihln the past few weeks a national calam
ity has befallen us. Our honored President.
William McKinley, is fallen by the hand of
an assassin. We Join with the. entire nation
in mourning the loss of our respected and
well-beloved Chief Executive.
Our city now holds such a position amon^r
the~ commercial centers ' of the world and has
so thoroughly shown its capacity for self-gov.
ernment that it is an injustice to itself and
a detriment to the Interests of the State that
our water front, the most Important agency o£
our commercial activity, should not be under
our own direct and exclusive control; and we,
therefore, urge that its management should be
turned over to the city.
Believing in American civilization; and ill
the established standard of its citizenship, and
being opposed to the competitipn of cheap labor
with that of our worklngmen, we demand the
renewal of the Chinese exclusion act, and urge
that the new law perpetually exclude all
?static labor.
j We demand that water mains large enough to
secure complete fire protection be Jaid In ac
cordance with the recommendations of the
ehlef engineer of the Fire Department.
¦ We demand tho immediate • building of a
euf Sclent number of'Qreproof school houses to
accommodate all the children of the city.
We pledge our nominees to continue the work
¦»f replacing the cobbles on the business Btreeta
O< the city by smoother, cleaner and more sani
tary pavements.
The Mayor and Board of Supervisors have
inaugurated these and other great economics
and improvements, and we commend their zeal
in the public welfare.
They have fixed the rate of wages for labor
in the Department of Public Worka at $2 50
per day, giving the city the best service and
fixing a fair standard for -wages.
They have specified In all contracts that
eight hours shall constitute a day's labor and
have required the Allied Printing Trades'
stamp on all printing and stationery as a
guarantee of. fair wages and reasonable hours.
They have fixed a 2Vfc-cent car fare for the
benefit of school children, and have put' the
eystem in successful operation.
We pledge our candidates for Mayor and the
Board of Supervisors to continue to set aside
for permanent public improvements as large
a cum as the condition of the assessment roll
ehajl Justify.
Mayor rhelan hissed. "'. Head' Wasp - com
ments, . • ¦ ¦ \, . - •
FRESNO. Oct. 4.— Justice Cosgrave to
day sentenced Charles Graff to six
months' imprisonment for maliciously
puncturing bicycle tires. The Justice re
gretted that the law did not provide a
heavier penalty. .- ., • ,' ¦
Foe of Wheelmen Punished.
There will be a reception given to Mrs.
E. G. Weed, wife of the Right Rev. Bish
op Weed of Florida, president general of
the Soqlety of the united Daughters* of
the Confederacy, at 2111 California street
at 3 p. m. Monday, October 7. All visit
ing members of the society are cordially
Invited.
Reception to Mrs. Weed.
PETALUMA, Oct. 4.— The State Grange
to-day elected officers and selected Sacra
mento as the place' of meeting for 1902.
The new officers are: Master, C. W. Em
ery of Oakland; overseer, H.-C. Raap of
Martinez; steward, 'E. C. ShpemaKer of
Tulare; assistant steward, I. C, Steele Jr.,
of Pescadero; chaplain, Mrs". S. H. Dewey
of Oakland; treasurer, Daniel Flint of
Sacramento; secretary, Mrs. L. S..Brasch
of San Francisco;- gatekeeper, N. H. Root
of Stockton; Pomona, Mrs. T. Q. King of
Two Rock; Flora, Mrs." Saniftion of San
Jose; Ceres, Mrs. Henry Johnson of Peta
luma; lady assistant steward. Miss Delma
Green of Courtland; organist, Mrs. W. T.
Irish of San Joae; executive committee
\VY V. Griffith of Geyserville and Cyrus
Jones of San Jose. ; , ...
Past Master Sheldmeyer of Elk Grove
is ill with heart failure and is not expect
ed to live through the night. His illness
caused the social for to-night to be aban
doned.—
GRANGE WILL 'MEET IN
SACRAMENTO NEXT YEAH
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— A penny contribu
tion by a little girl at the Catholic fair
given in Turn Verein Hall in this city last
fall by St. Joseph's parish has formed
the nucleus of a fund that has erected a
church and parish house in Nome, Alas
ka. With this one cent as a starter sev
eral thousand dollars have been raised
and a large and imposing edifice is being
erected. A few months ago Father Jac
quet of this city left to work in the
Alaska missions, and letters received from
him by the Rev, Father Gleason of this
city tell the story of the building of the
Nome church.
While Father Jacquet was connected
with St. Joseph's parish he attended the
Catholic fair. A little girl approached
him during the progress of the fair one
evening and- handing- him a penny said
she had found it on the floor of the hall.
She asked that the coin be kept by the
father for some good purpose. Father
Jacquet put the copper coin carefully
away When the fair's balances were
btruck it was found that more than $12,
000 had been cleared for St. Joseph's par
ish and, as Father Jacquet jocularly re
marked a penny from a little child was
what the priest* got out of it.
When Father Jacquet started for Nome
he announced his intention of taking the
little cdrl'B penny with him, for, said he:
"with this 1 will build a church in
He took the coin, and by this time his
hope3 have been, realized. From this
trivial coin a parish house was erected in
Nome shortly after his arrival, and the
foundation for the chapel was under way
more than a month ago, when the letter
W Before Father Jacquet's arrival Nome
had no church. He celebrated his first
mass in & public hall on Sunday, July 7.
At that time iie related the story of the
child's penny -and his intentions to found
a church from a fund started with It, and
from that moment subscriptions began to
roll in. Several thousand dollars have
already been raised. The new. parish at
Nome has been named. St. Joseph's, and
the parish here ha« sent Father Jacquet
a beautiful etatue of the" patron saint of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
That owing now to the thoroughly demoral
ized condition of the market and to the late
ness of. the season each grower be allowed to
market his crop in any manner he may choose.
The minority makes no recommenda
tion. It realizes the impossibility of
handling the crop under the new lease
and urges that all possible support be
given to . place the association on a solid
basis.
That the prices, of raisins named by the di
rectors of the California Raisin Growers' Asso
ciation on this year's crop were lower than
the market justified.
FRESNO, Oct. 4.-The committee of
eleven appointed by a mass meeting of
raisin growers to confer with . the di
rectors of the California Raisin Growers'
Association*regarding the present demor
alized condition of the association and
the low prices quoted for -raisins made
Its report to-night. A majority of eight
made the. following report:
It Is our opinion that it Is impracticable to
handle this year's crop of raisins under th a
New Jersey corporation and therefore all leases
to the same should be returned to the signers
on demand. «
Committee Appointed
V by Growers Sub
mits Report.
Nome Profits by San
Jose Child's Penny
Contribution.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 4.-Stqod up at a
pistol's point and compelled to . stand
barefoot in the snow while two masked
highwaymen relieved him of $65 in gold,
a watch and a revolver, was the exciting
experience which befell John Blarney of
this city on Wednesday. Mr. Blarney has
Just returned from the Sierraville races
and tells the story.
Blarney was on his way to Grass Val
ley in the midst of a snowstorm when
two masked men stopped him and com
pelled him to dismount from his cart.
They took his watch and revolver from
him, and tlndinsj no com in his clothing
made him take off his .shoes and hose
and stand barefoot in the snow while they
pocketed $65 which he had hidden in his
hose. They ordered him to get into his
cart and drivj? on without looking back.
The only comfort Blarney got was the
knowledge that the robbers overlooked a
large sum of money which he carried in a
valise in the bottom of his cart.
HIGHWAYMEW WORK
DTTBOTG SNOWSTORM
Compel Victim to Stand Barefooted
While They Take His Be
longings.
that name, and the sisters of this city
have forwarded vestments and furnish
ings for the edifice.
WOULD DISSOLVE
RAISIN COMBINE
ONE CENT GROWS
INTO A CHURCH
lamps, adding much to the appearance and il
lumination.
We pledge our Mayor and Supervisors to an
adherence to this policy ot corporate I regula
tion.
The cost of acquiring an adequate water sup
ply to be controlled by the city has been care
fully investigated by the Boards of Supervisors
and of Public Works and the city put In pos
session of facts that will enable it to imme-
Gas ar.d electric light rates have been reduced
and the streets have been lighted by improved
Our Assessor has increased the assessment
roll by assessing the personal property and
franchises of corporations at their Just value,
thus increasing the funds available for perma
nent Improvements.
The utmost economy has prevailed in the
management of the city government and its
cost has been reduced, while Its efficiency fjas
b<»n preatly inereaFed, owing to the Inaugura
tion of business methods and of the merit eys
tem, whereby fitness for office is made the sole
qualification and citizens may serve the pub
lie without the intervention of political bosses.
Notwithstanding the lower tax rate and the
faring in the operating expenses of the city
government streets are better cleaned than for
merly, new work is constantly making good
streets of por>r ones, the public buildings —
notably the City Hall — the parks and public
squares are better kept. New echoolhouses
have been provided for and are being built
Three hundred and eighty thousand dollars has
been appropriated for the construction Of
streets and sewers, for the making of perma
nent improvements to public buildings and for
new public buildings, and a debt of $320,000 due
merchants and teachers from past administra
tions has been paid. AH this has been done
within th* dollar limit and without incurring
a dollar of public debt.
The Democratic party is proud of having re
stored the credit of the city.
The Mayor and Board of Bupervifcors have
lowered the rates for water and have- saved
the ratepayers 1275,000 during- the past two
years. This year they saved the city on its
water bills $140,000. while etill allowing the
v/ater company a fair return upon the real
value of its property actually used for the
¦water supply.
Louis de F. Bartlett read the report of
the committee on platform and resolutions
as follows:
The Democratic party of the city and county
of San Francisco, in convention assembled,
adopts this as its platform and declaration of
principles.
The results achieved by the present adminis
tration demonstrate the truth set forth in our
last platform that the best municipal govern
ment is obtained by the separation of local
from State and national issues. It is in accord
with the letter and spirit of our charter. The
introduction of extraneous questions Is de
signed to obscure municipal issues.
The municipal government was intrusted to
the Democratic party two years ago and we
now present to the public an account of our
stewardship.
The rate of taxation has been lowered to $1 07,
the lowest rate for many years. "
A resolution of sympathy for the death
of Lawrence J. Hoey, a former Assembly
man, was also read by Delegate Mooser
and adopted.
Platform Full of Praise.
Resolved. That the chairman appoint a com
mittee of five to act as & committee required
by the purity of elections law.
Resolved. That the chairman appoint a com
mittee of five on vacancies.
Resolved. That all resolutions Introduced be
referred without reading to the committee on
platform and resolutions.
Resolved. That the nominating speeches be
limited to five minutes.
Resolved, That each candidate on being placed
in nomination pay to the secretary the sum of
Jio.
Resolved, That the Democratic County Com
mittee consist of 112 members, four to be
chosen by the delegations from each Assembly
district and forty appointed at large by the
chairman of the convention.
L. H. Mooser of the Forty-first present
ed the following report of the committee
on order of business, and It was adopted
without dissension:
To the Chairman and Members of the Demo
cratic Convention — Tour committee on order of
business respectively reports the following or
der of business: Nomination of candidates for
—First. Treasurer; second. Keoorder; third,
Pub'ic Administrator; fourth. District Attor
ney; fifth, two Police Judges; sixth. Tax Col
lector; seventh. Auditor; eig-hth. County Clerk;
ninth. Sheriff; tenth. Coroner; eleventh, City
Attorney; twelfth, Mayor; thirteenth, eighteen
Supervisors; fourteenth, election of County
Committee.
Tour committee recommends that the follow
ing' resolutions be adopted:
Chairman W. H. McGee called the con
vention to order at S:45 o'clock, and on
motion it was decided to dispense with
the calling of the roll. The chairman was
empowered to appoint two assistant sec
retaries. He named Frank Kenton and
L. Boland. He was also delegated to ap
point A. J. McDonald of the Fortieth
District as sergeant at arms and Patrick
Manning, J. J. Welch, Frank Me Lain and
John J. Finn as assistants.
It was positively announced by the
Democratic leaders at midnight that May
or James D. Phelan, after considerable
pressure ha.d been brought to bear upon
him, had consented to allow his name to
go before the convention as a candidate
for the Mayoralty for a fourth term.
Mcyor Phelan was told he was the only
man who could lead the party out of the
wilderness, and he reluctantly said he
would run. Franklin K. Lane will again
be nominated for City and County Attor
ney, and those members of tho present
Board of Supervisors who have stood
with the Phelan administration through
thick and thin will also receive nomina
tions. The programme will be rushed
through as fast as possible to-night at
Metropolitan Temple. Registrar Walsh
will keep his office open until midnight in
order to receive the certificates of nomi
nation, which must be tiled before that
hour.
Adopt an Order of Business.
corder. Public Administrator, Dis
trict Attorney, Tax Collector and Police
Judges were perfunctorily made without
the eign or semblance of opposition. The
delegates will complete the nominations
at Metropolitan Temple this evening and
file the ticket in accordance with law be
fore midnight. The impression Is clear
that James D. Phelan will be renomin
ated for Mayor. The leaders are assert
ing that he cannot afford to desert his
party and his political associates at this
time, and that he must take the place at
the head of the ticket. Under the order
of business adopted last night nomina
tions for Mayor and Supervisors come
last on the list. The Indications are that
all the Democratic Supervisors will be re
nominated.
THE Democratic local convention
gave an exhibition of slate work
at B'nai B'rith Hall last evening.
Nominations for Treasurer, Re-
Nominations According to Programme— Mayor to Be Named To-Night-^-Leaders Hold
That Phelan Will Head the Ticket—Republican Candidates Confer.
DELEGATES TO THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
EXHIBIT THEIR SKILL IN SMOOTH SLATE WORK
1 ¦. , • ' - . --•¦¦¦.-¦ • ¦ . • ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
9
dlately acquire its own water supply.
We urge this as a step in municipal ad
vancement and. believe that municipal owner
ship of public utilities will soon end the cor
rupt rings in the Board of Supervisors that
have disgraced San Francisco at all times
prior to the present administration. We pledge
our Mayor and Supervisors to the gradual ac
quisition of municipal utilities. . *
Aa the Geary-street franchise expires dur-
Ing the coining administration, it is essential
to the city's welfare that an incorruptible and,
intelligent Board of Supervisors meet the
problems that will arise, and in accordance
with the spirit of the charter and of the Pem
ocratic party, we pledge our. nominees to as
sume on behalf of the city control of the
Geary-street road and to propose necessary
extensions in order to give to all parts of the
city a car line operated in the public interest
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' \ . Steamers leave Broadway
ftj^» Wharf, San Francisco:
Kfci&*5i p *i. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
SSsPf&SS"*. Oct - 3 > 8> 13 - 15!> :3> 28> Nov - 2 -
; §§§fMS^l?i Change to company's steamers
! EiStSr^Sai For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
f^^HggfflSas C-), Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3, 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Nov. a.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's eteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4, 9. 14. 19, 24, 23. Nov. 3.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo fLos An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right i to chang»
steamers, Bailing days and hours of . sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. #?; & N. CO.
Only Steamship Lino to <
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all roil or steiimshin and rail, at
LOWEST H^V'X'-tJS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 5, 15. 25, Not. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10. 20, 3d
D."*V-HITCHCOCK,GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S. F.
PACIFIC STEAM NAYIGATIOH CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 17|PERTT .A Nov. 9
LIMARI ;.Oct. 2GIPALENA Nov. a
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South - American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., G«n. Agents. '
PANAMA R. B.TSS?.'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Catln. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, . Oct. 14.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 24
S. 6. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 3 p.' m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflo Coast . Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS, j
FoFlTirTiAvrYAr^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejq
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 cents.
Telephone Main 1303. Landing: and olflc«. Bin
t, Mis«lon-»t. dock. HATCg BROS* .
Two carloads of Call Atlases
have just arrived and aro now
ready for distribution. All
Call readers desiring one' of
these Atlases ahould apply to
the Business Office of The
Call.
CALL ATLASES
AT CALL OFFICE
A PLUMP FIGURE
Makes a First-Class, Telling Argu-
ment.
"About a year ago a doctor and his
wife came to board with us. "We already
had Miss G., who was at that time thin
and yellow and considerably out of
health.
"The first morning the new boarders
came to the table as guests the young
!ady remarked as she set her cup down,
'Th's is coffee!' while the doctor added.
'Not at all like the poor coffee they have
been giving us at the hotel.' I smiled be-
hind my napkin and asked if either of
them ever used Postum Food Coffee. The
doctor said hfi had tasted it, but it was
weak, miserable stuff. Miss G. had heard
of it and wished she could try it.
"I said nothing, but at the end of three
months, when Miss G. was ready to leave
lit for a new field of labor, said, 'I have
U'en giving you Postum Food Coffee all
the time you have been here.' 'What, is
that coffee Postum T ehe said. I re-
marked that I had noticed with great
Pleasure her daily gain in health, and
now that she was leaving us after only
three months at our table ehe had rosy
cheeks and a. plump figure, which was all
the argument any one needed to prove the
fact that she had been well cared for,
tnd the reason for her gain in health was
the use of Postum Food Coffee, for n»
other change had been made of any ac-
count in her food, ->";
"Tiit doctor was very much delighted
with the experiment, and discovered that
where he had tried Pcstum before he had
been unfortunate !n having It under-
boiled. Postum taunt be boiled fifteen or
twenty minutes to bring out the delieioua
flavor, and then it will suit the taste of
any one." Mrs. Florence Dougherty,"
Placerville, Idaho.
...
POSTUM CEREAL.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIR SOFT AS SILK.
New Scientific Treatment- Kills Dan-
druff Germs, and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff is a germ disease, and it is
also a demonstrated fact that-.Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. t With-
out' dandruff, falling hair will stop, and
thin hair will thicken: Herpicide not
only! kills the dandruff germ, but it also
makes the hair as soft as silk. It is the
most delightful hair dressing made. It
cleanses the scalp from dandruff -'and
keeps it clean and healthy. Itching and
irritation are instantly relieved, j and per-
manently cured. At all druggists'. There's
nothing "just as -good. " , Take no substi-
tute. Ask for "Herpicide."
-¦ - ADVEBTISEJCENTa. »
? --•.'-. . ¦¦'¦¦ ' '
Graduate Nurse, and President of Nurses' Association
of Watertown, N.T.,
Tells How Much Doctors Use Lydia
E.Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, i
- ' — - %\
Has Yet To Hear of Its Failure To Cure. !
It is not infrequent that information comes to our attention proving that
the medical profession in general prescribe large quantities of Ijydia E.
IMnkham's vegetable Compound in their private practise.
It is a fact beyond dispute that nowhere is to be found a remedy so
universally successful in curing female ills, and the broad-minded physician
of to-day is quick to recognize his duty to his patient, and does not hesitate to
prescribe the best medicine he can find, — the medicine that is surest and
quickest to bring 1 relief to his patient ; for this very reason thousands of the
very best physicians are prescribing in their treatment of female ills Lyiiia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, while not in original bottles
perhaps, but in plain prescription bottles with their own or drug-gists' name.
It is our pleasure and our privilege to publish a letter from a graduate
nurse whose reputation and prominence in her profession lends much weight
to her opinions, and -whose testimony goes to prove our statements in regard
to the high esteem in which livdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
is held by our leading physicians and trained nurses. ,
MISS VIRGINIA GRAXES.
"Pear Mrs. Pinkham: — Twelve years continuous service at the
sick beds in some of our prominent hospitals, as well as at private homes,
has given me varied experiences with the diseases of .women. I have
nursed some most distressing cases of inflammation and ulceration of
the ovaries and womb. I have known that doctors used Lvdia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound when everything else failed with
their patients. -I have advised my patients and friends to use it, and
have yet to hear of its first failure to cure.
£ Four year3 ago I had falling of the womb from straining in Hf ting
a heavy patient, and knowing of the value of your Compound I began to
use it at once, and hi six weeks I was well once more, and have had no
trouble since. I am most pleased to have had an opportunity to say a
few words in praise of your Vegetable Compound, and shall take every
occasion to recommend it." — Miss Virginia Graces, 444 So. Spring St,
Los Angeles, CaL [Present address.]
' Be it, therefore, believed by all women who are ill that X,ydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the medicine they should
take. It has stood the test of time, and it has- hundreds of thou-
sands of cures to its credit. It should, therefore, be considered
unwise to experiment further.
Mrs. Plnkham,whose address is Lynn, Mass., will answer cheer-
fully and without cost all letters addressed to her by sick women.
/«* «ja ffty ff\ g& REWARD. — We havo deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000, I
%S%SSib! 8 wbich will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letter j
¦ ra a all il * a no * ge Q iii^e» or was published before obtaining the -writer's special per- 1
lilVUwU mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, -Mas*. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GONORRHOEA AND URINARY DISCHARGES
iff -JjvS V yl V Pf £wj frSf /(£*
J{3 MfcnW w «3 Ik Eg f=y • E|f i§5?~i
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WyMisITkaisII
STEAMERS "WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for 1 YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
.; Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 16, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 11. 19CV
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratss. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
r AMERICAN LINE.
mSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St Louis ....Oct IP Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Paul Nov. 20
St. Paul . .Oct. 30 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Oct. 16 Friesland Nov. 6
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13.
*Zeeland ..Oct. 30 'Vaderland .....Nov. 20
?Stop at Cherbourg eaatbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
ift -v CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
oeeanics.5.to. ggssgs
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
...Saturday, Oct. 12, 2 p. m.
S S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
,.:...:.. •••• Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct 24. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Btmrai Agents. 327 Market St
Gen'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier No. 7. Pacific St
C0MPAGNIE GENERALS TEANSATLANTIQUE
1HKKCT LINE TO HAVRB-PAKIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead o£ iJJYjtTQk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, »J*i«v5ffi3
North River, foot ot Morton street; •L'Aqul.
talnc. September 19; La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savola. Oc-
tober- 10. '
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, ft3 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. P. FUGAZI &' CO. .. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. . .NEW tORK, Oct. 4.— R. G. Dun's W»ekly
Review of Trad* to-morrow will say:- Trade
channels are- unusually free from obstruction,
although the movement of goods at some points
Is checked by Insufficient transportation facil
ities.- This is attributed to the unusually heavy
shipments which are shown more definitely, by
railroad earnings in September of 8.2 per cent
larger than last year and 16.7 per cent abova
those of 1899. . .
Dun's Review of Trade.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Bank Clearings.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 67c: No. 2 re«, 68?4@69^4c;
No. 2 corn, 66%@57c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No. 2
white, 37H@«6c; No. 3 white, 37@38c; No. 2
rye, 54%c;fair to choice malting,, 6a^@60c; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 50; .' prime timothy . seed,
$5 65 ; mess pork, ' per bbl. , $14 40@14 45 ; lard,' per
100 pounds, $9 95@9 97%; short-rib sides (loose),
$8 50@8 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 50@
7 75; short clear sides (boxed), $9,15@9 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade. $8 25.
Articles— " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000- • 15,000
Wheat, bushels ...: 135,000 ' . 34,000
Corn, bushels 219,000 * 162,000
Oats, bushels 173,000 187,000
Rye, bushels *...'.'...." 10,000 . 1,000
Barley, bushels .....'¦ 38,000- 22,000
STOCK MARKET.
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, ¦ 14@2U4c; dairy,
l?@19c. Cheese, steady. -9%@10%o. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 17c.
Foreign Futures.
Continued From Pago Thirteen.
NEW. YORK, Oct. 4.— Bradstreet' s'. to-morrow
will say: While speculative markets, except
for cotton. . show reactionars' tendencies, gen
eral distributive trade and industry are active
and a heavy volume of business is' going for
ward. ' All obtainable measures of production
and development for' the nine months of tne
year testify to this. Bank clearings' are
heavily In excess of previous years, railway
earnings continue very favorable and talk of
scarcity of cars for-'Blfferent sections of the
country Is beard.' Failures' are more numerous
LJVERPOOL. , ' •
' Wheat— . • ¦ : • Deo. March.*
Opening .\... ..6 6^ . ' 5 7%
Closing .A. 56% ¦' B 7%
• -j . PARIS -'.
Wheat— % Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 20 95 21 SO
Closing .".V. t ' 21 00 . 2185
. Flour— • , v -
Opening 26 95 ; . 27 95 - •
Closing ...'.... — . — ......... 27 00 28 10 •
Nezv York Metal Market. '.,
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— There occurred a se
vere break.in tin at London under. a continu
ation of the liquidating movement,; and .the
market, was finally weak at a net loss of £2 5s.
thus spot was quoted at £109 15s and futures
at £107 6s. -Locally the tin market followed
the depression abroad and dropped about fifty,
points to $24@24 25. No demand was I noted
here, while offerings were . liberal. • ¦ ,r
Copper here was featureless and finally un
changed. In London a further drop of £1 was
XEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The eccentricities of
the Industrial stocks continued to be a disturb
ing factor .In the etock market to-day. Yes-'
ttrfiay's list of semi-demoralized stocks was In
creased to-day "by a number which were not
tested yesterday during the progress of liquida
tion.- The low-priced,- non-dividend paying
railroad stocks were also In marked disfavor
and suffered severe declines on selling out of
holdings. But the still more potent factor to
ward reaction was the renewed pressure to
liquidate in Amalgamated Copper, which car
ried the price down an extreme 2Vi to 86%,
which is the lowest point on the present roove
raer.t, oven allowing for the V/i per cent in
terer.t which h&e come off. There was a sug
gest ive bresi la the price of spot copper again
In London this morning, which served to indi
cate that the present fortunes of Amalgamated
Copper are more or less intimately connected
with the maintenance of the price of raw cop
per. An important factor In I the weakness,
both of that ' stock and of other Industrials,
however, was the scrutiny by the banks of
the ccllater.il in their loans and the disposi-
New York Stock Market.
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
charge Market-st. R.R. was lower at $S3@S8.
some holders taking their profits. Gaa and
Electric was off at $43 25. extension of com
peting lines operating against quotations.
Contra Costa Water was higher at $75 50®
75 73. Business was fair. The oil stocks were
Cull.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold ud to
$144 50. Market-st. R.R. rose to $86 50<SS8. with
a number of transactions. California Wln«
was off at $87. , ; .
. The Alaska Treadwell mine reports for fh«
month ending September 15, 76.763 tons ora
crushed, valued at $71,139. and 1160 tons sul-
Xherets saved, valued at $43,760. | Total product
$123.73S. the ore averaging $1 61 per ton. Gross
expenses were $63,500.
The 5c assessment on Petroleum Center Oil
Is now dellnauent. " *
The Snake River Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 10c, delinquent October 31
The Parrott Copper Mining Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of $1 per share
amounting to $229,850. The Previous dividend
was $1 50. This is the third copper mining
company to cut down its dividend In the last
fortnight. The Amalgamated reduced its quar
terly dividend from $2 to $1 50. and the Ana
conda Its semi-annual dividend from $1 75 to
EASTERN MARKETS.
-Wheat and Oat. : $7 5C®10M: Oat, $7 1 6009: Bar
ley and Oat. $6 S0«8 60; Alfalfa, $3®10 60: Clo
ver. $5 60®7; Volunteer. $5®7; Stock. $506 P«r
STRAW— 2ag42%o per bale. .
i Beans and Seeds. '.
Beans continue dull, with a tendency toward
lower prices. - - ¦ __
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Small White. $4;
Large White, $2 40@2 65; Pea, **
$2 40@2 45; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, U 50, Llmai. -
nominal; Red Kidney. $3 E0®4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3®3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3 35@3 60; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
S'4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal. Rape,
l&@2»4c: Hemp 3%c per lb. _ 1
DRIED PEAS^-Nlles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $1 75 ,
@2 per ctl.
'Potatoes,' Onions and ' Vegetables. !
¦ Potatoes and Onions were easy, though prices ,
showed . little change. ' ! Sweets were weaker ,
and two cars were received.
" Corn is dull and weak, as the demand for .
it has fallen off. Otherwise there Is little new ¦
In Vegetables. A. small lot of River Reda came .
in and sold at $1 25 per ctl. ' 1
. POTATOES-60@yoc in sacks for Burbanks .
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 20@l 40; :
Sweets. 40@60c for Rivers and 90c@$l for Mer-
ONIONS— $1@1 25 per. ctl; Pickle Onions. 60®
75c- per "ctl: » . - .. ¦ •- :
! VEGETABLES— Grean Peas. 3c for Garden;
String Beans, l@3c; Llmas. $1 «>er sack; Cab
-bage, ' 60@75c • per ctl : Tomatoes -from the
river.. 25c; from Alaineda. 25@40c: Dried Pep
pers, 10@12%c; .Green Okra, . 35@60c per box;
• Carrots. 25@35c . per sack ; ; Cucumbers, 2o@35o;
, Pickles, -2%@3c per lb for small and l@l%c for
large; Garlic. 2@3c; Green Peppers. 30@50c per
box for Chile and 30@40c for Bell; Egg Plant,
35@50c per- box; Green Corn, 40@75c per sack:
Alaineda. 50@75c per crate; Berkeley, 60®75o;
Summer Squash, large boxes. 30@50c; new Mar
.rowfat Squash,, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$10. •••¦¦•;. -\ ¦-.. - ¦¦.- ¦¦ - ¦¦ -..;-v,.- :
> , Poultry and- Game.
; Gain* : wis rather lower. Arrivals were 43
sacks. . Hare and Rabbits' came la heated.
There was little change in Poultry. Receipts
were: ample for' -the demand. ', ;
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys, 14@16o for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair. . $1 60®
1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3® 3 50 for old
and $3 60@4 .50 for young; Hens,- $3 50®6; young
Roosters,' $4@5;. l old Roosters.' $3 60@4; Fryers,
$3 50@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 . for large and $2 25'®
2 75. for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 75® 2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare, $1®
1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 SO for Cottontail and $1®
1 25 for Brush; Mallard. $5@7; Sprig, $5@6; Teal,
$2 50; Widgeon, $3; Small Ducks, $2; Gray
Geese, $4®4 50. , : , . . ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
-.Two steamers came ; in with Butter, konce
supplies were more ample. Fancy grades were
firm at a slight advance,, and tha lower grades
slow and easy. ' '-,''_ ', y '- % f '
Cheese and Eggs' stood about the same. Both
were steady, but' there was ho scarcity In
either. A fair demand keeps stocks from, accu
mulating. - - •. . i
Receipts were 18,300 pounds of Butter,' — -
pounds Eastern Butter, 332 cases of Eggs, — -
cases Eastern Eggs, -31,500 pounds- of California
Cheese and 5680 pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%@28c per lb for fancy
and 25@26c for seconds; dairy, 13@24c; store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. 22%c;
Pickled Roll, ls<8>20c; Keg. 18®19o per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c;. old. 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. I
EGGS— Ranch. 35@36c for selected large. 323
S4c for good to choice and 27%®30c for fair;
store, 22@"5o per dozen; cold storage. 21@25c;
Eastern. 17%@23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Grapes continue to. arrive wet and soft.
Peaches are slow and cheap, the demand be
ing light.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are in light receipt
and firm. Huckleberries are In heavy supply,
163 boxes coming In. Strawberries were lata
again.
Cranberries to arrive are still higher, and
the demand is good at very firm prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 40@75c per box; Prunes. 60c@Sl per
crate.
PEACHES — 20® 30c per box; Peacbes In car
riers, 25@40c; Mountain Peaches, 40@60c per
box. • . .
POMEGRANATES— 60c@$l per box.
PEARS — Winter Pears, 50c@$l per box.
QUINCES— 40@60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries. ,
BLACKBERRIES— $3®4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest. - _
RASPBERRIES— $5@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $9@9 25 per bar
rel: Coos Bay. $2 50®3 per box.
. FIGS — Black, 40@50o for double layer boxes:
'White, 25@40c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@60c per box; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
•per 100.
GRAPES — Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent 'more than Email boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater,
25@50o per box and crate; Tokajr, 25@60c; Mus
cat, 25@60c; Black, 25®50c; Isabella. 35@60c;
Cornlchon, 60@65c; White Grapes, $28@32 per ton
for Zinfandel and $24@26 for "White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$3 50; Lem
ons, $1@1 25 for common and $2@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $1@2 60; Mexican Limes,
fresh. $6® 6 50; repacked, $4 50@5; Bananas, 600
@$1 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Conditions remain unchanged. The demand
is very good at previous prices.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@8%c for Royals and 3
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c:
Peaches. 5%©8c: Pears. 5®9c; Plums, pitted,
4@5V>c; unpltted, l®2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%@6Vic for white; Figs. 3Vi@3%c for black,
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows
30-40's 5%@5%c; 40-50's. 6@5%c; 50-60c. 4%@4%c
fO-70's 4&4Wc: 70-80' s. 3^4@3$ic; SO-g^s, 3@3%c;
90-100' s, 2>A@2%c per.lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75. Lon
don layers— Three-crown, $1 35; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c: Three-crown, 4%c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels. 4%c; Seedless
Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%e.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice, 7%c
standard. 6%c; prime. 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons — F.xtra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard. 7%c: prime. 6%c
NUTS— Walnuts No. 1 softshell, 9%c; No. 2
7%c; No.'- 1. hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonda'
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for softshell and
5<a6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern-
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts, 12®12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5. . .
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10S
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
@6c: light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark. 4®
'BEESWAX— 25®28c per lb.
Provisions.
Stocks of Hams. Bacon and Lard are suffi
cient for the current demand without being
excessive, and prices rule steady. The Chicago
market waB firmer again.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. . 12%o per lb for
heavy, 12%(B>13c for light medium. 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family; $12 50; prime -Mess Pork.
$15;" extra clear, $23; Mess. $13; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound.' ' ' ' J
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure
12%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 6-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins!
13c. • . ¦
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%o; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There have been some transactions In new
Sacramento Hods at 8@9c, but it Is said that
no more can be obtained at these figures. Sales
throughout the State are reported at 9@12%c,
but the San Francisco market Is quoted rather
above these prices. Growers, continue firm
holders.
Hides and Tallow continue firm, and there is
a good steady call.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations.. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9%o I or heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf. 10&
lOV-c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry Kip
16c: Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands. 15c •
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,.
30@5Uc each; medium, 50@75c: long Wool. 90c©
?1 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium,- $1 75 for small and 50c
@$1 for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or thin skina'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, &0c: medium. 35c. ,-
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered 4«
@5Vlc per lb;No. 2, 3%@4c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern defect
ive, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine 140
15c; -do. medium and coarse,. ll@13c; Oregon
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good 9a
lie; Nevada. 10@12c. - Buua> *«*
Fall— San .Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaauln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do, defective 8ii9c-
Humboldt and . Mendocino. . 114112c per lb '
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@14o per "lb for
good to choice. , .--. ¦--•
GeneraVMerchandise.
GRAIN BAGS-^-Calcutta Grain ~ Bags, 7%©
IHc: local make, %c lesa than Calcuttaa; Wool
Wheat No. 2—
October 66% 67- ¦ 66% 66%
December 68% , 68% 68V4 68%
May 72V4 72% 72 • 72%
Corn No. 2— . ....
October. .....:...... ' 65 55% 64% 64%
; December 56%- 66% 66% 66%
May 68% 68% 68 6SV&
Oats No. 2—
October : 33% 34 33% 34
December 3o»4 35% . 35H • 35%
May ................. 87*4 37% 37>/ 4 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October ...14 27V4 14 37% 14 27% 14 37%
January : 15 60 15 67% 15 57H 15 67%
May 16 75 15 80 15 70 15 80
i Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 9 80 9 90 9 80 9 90
November 9 62% 9 72% 9 62% 9 72%
January and May.. 9 25 9 27% 9 22H ; 9 27%
- Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — - ¦ ..
October 8 47% 8 57% 8 47% 8 67%
January 8 07% .8 12% 8 05 ,8 12%
May ....... ; . 8 12% S 20 8 12% 8 20
Exchange ¦ and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — . 4 87H'
New York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphio — Vh
Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. 47 @ 47>£
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- Paris futures were higher and Liv
erpool futures weaker. Russian Wheat was
freely offered at Liverpool. Argentine ship
ments for the week were 208,000 bushels, against
664,000 for the same week last year. ' •
Chicago opened easy on large Northwestern
receipts, but a firm undertone developed better
buying orders. There was a good. general de
mand for winter Wheat, but spring was neg
.lected. Snow Issued an estimate making the
crop 772,000,000 bushels. The clearances from-
Atlantic and Gulf ports for the week were
6,195,000 bushels. !
This market continued dull and not. materially
changed. ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96^4c; milling. 98%c
@*1 02% per ctl. . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls.
98%c; 6000. 98c; May— 2000, $102%; 2000, $102%.
Afternoon Session — December— 6000 ctla, 97%c.
BARLEY— The market is reported, dull, both
here and in the country. Although .there are
a number of vessels to load for Europe it is
said that their cargoes have already been
bought and more too, » so there Is no longer
any demand for this account.
Feed, 72V4@73%c for choice bright, 70@71Vic
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
U 05 per ctl.
CALL . BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No":sales.'
¦ Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 68Hc.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls
6SV4c. . ¦¦ '
Afternoon -Session — No sales.
OATS — Offerings continue large and the mar
ket is dull and unchanged.
Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black.
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago showed, little change. There
was some bear pressure, but the market was
not disposed to yield. The only support, how
ever, seemed to be from speculators. The de
mand, was not equal to the supply. Snow ad-'
vanced his estimate of the condition of the"
crop 10 points to 59.8.
This market continued dull, nominal and un-
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62%
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57&@1 60
for mixed. . ¦-'¦¦ '¦ ¦ ~-
BYE— 75@77%c per ctl. • ,
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal ; nione in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs. :",
' FLOUR ; -Callfornla Family -Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms ; • Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel ' for family and.
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. . ¦
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, i usual' discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice "Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole ! Wheat'
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $S 85@S 35:
in sacks, $6 60@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.. • f
Hay and Feedstuff s.
' Hay was again . reported . firm, with a good
demand and moderate receipts. .." Prices stood
the same. There was no further change In
Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton. . v
, MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton. ' ¦¦¦ ¦ ,
- FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley, - $16®17, per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26; / Jobbing,
$26 60@27; Cocoanut . Cake, . $16 50@17 50; Corn
Meal. $34@34 60; Cracked Corn. $34 50@35; Mixed
Feed, $18@19c- • ¦ ¦• ¦-, •
I HAY-Wheat, $7 50@10; j Choice, $10 60011;
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Pit conditions' provalled In
a lower corn market which had little recupera
tive power. Statistics were bearish and. lack
ing a decided leadership, the crowd favored the
selling side. December opened H@%c lower at
56%@56%c on lower cables and on good weather
for maturing crops. The outside demand . was
slow and nearly all the buying was for the
short interest. December worked off to 66%c,
but recovered most of the Iobs until Snow's re
port came out. Indicating 1 point higher in last?
month's crop condition. This depressed the
market again and December closed . weak, %c
down, at 56&c- ' i
¦ Wheat ruled easier, with nothing of Interest
In a speculative way. The few orders placed
¦were not enough to Influence the 'market either
way. December opened %@V4c down at 6S%@>
6SV2C on lower cables, heavy receipts *. and fine
harvesting weather. Most of . the traders de-
Berted wheat for the corn pit and as a result
wheat followed the coarser cereal somewhat.
December fluctuated very narrowly and touched
6S%@C8%c, closing steady. %c lower, at 68%c.
. Oats • were dull. December closed a shade
lower at 35%@35%c.
Provisions gained some strength on higher
prices for hogs, but the trade was only local
and light. January pork closed . 12*£c higher,
lard 5c up and ribs 7 1 / £@10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities -for the week ended
October 3, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year. x . • . . . .
Percentage.
Cities— Amount • Inc. ¦ Dec.
New York $1,345,267,746 38.2 ....
Chicago 159,335,343 15.8
Boston 145.000.S90 21.0
Philadelphia 116,923,760 23.4 ....
St. Louis 43,799,220 52. 5 ....
PIttsburg 43,890,130 43.0 ....
Baltimore-.... 22,776,166 4.8' ....
San Francisco 26,562,603 7.6 ....
Cincinnati 18.193,650 19.3 ....
Kansas City 19,429,520 30.6 ....
Minneapolis ....... 15,622,752 26.4 ....
Cleveland :. 13,809,760 21.1
New Orleans 10,045,391 2.8 ....
Detroit 13,865.501 76.8 ....
Louisville . 9,523,505 22.8 ....
Indianapolis 8,820,412 43.7 ....
Providence 6.90S.OOO 3.3
Omaha 6,424,219 0.3 ....
Milwaukee * 6,CS7,79S 15.9 ' ....
Buffalo * 6,531,774 18.6
St. Paul 6,442,508 .... ....
Savannah 3,866,038 .... 65.1
Denver 4.117,603 .... -2.3
St. Joseph : 4.82S.427 27.0
I Richmond 3,600,773 4.1
! Memphis 2,311,924 9.0
i Seattle 3,697,016 26.3
; Washington 2,874,531 27.5
1 Hartford :.... 2.2S2.914 11.1
! Los Angeles 2,935,375 , 65.5 ....
j Salt Lake City 3,816,133 60.2 ....
! Toledo ¦ 2.700,923 7.6 ....
Portland, Or 2,831,606 11.8 . ....-
Rochester 2,307.620 1 11.6 ....
Peoria' 2,512,967 ....
Fort -Worth 3.327,852 148.6 ....
Atlanta 2,125,037 .... 2.0
Norfolk 1.299,136 .... ' 12. i
Des Moines < 1.S06.S36 10.8
New Haven 2.403,937 62.8 ....
Springfield. Mass... 1,-633,969 26.4 ...."
Augusta -1,329,208 52.8
Nashville 1,516,447 .... 5.3
Worcester 1,705,743 18.0 i....
Grand Rapids 1,507,400 25.5 ....
Sioux City " 1.540,513 21.8 ....
Dayton, Ohio 1.353,907 26.2 ....'
Syracuse 1.296,384 24;3
Scranton 1,489,187 3.9
Portland, Me 1,560,429 10.1
Spokane 1.406,186 ' 16.0
Tacoma 1,038,485 10.0 ....
Kvansville 774,175 .... 10.8
Wilmington, Del... 2,028,900. 65.7
Davenport 1,534,387 24.7
Fall River 852,841 ....• 15.8
Birmingham 1,038,658 22.6 ....
Topeka 1,203,382 18.2 ....
Macon * 881,000 .... \- 10.4
Little Rock 881,805 .... 13.4
Helena • 486,991 ..'.. 13.2
Knoxvilie 766.537 27.4 . ....
Lowell 555,444 2.4
Wichita - 550,436 ....
Akron... 637.900 3.5 ....
New Bedford 567,487 .... 14.3
Lexington 424.625
Springfield. Ill 587,633 33.4
Binghamton 330,200 29.4
Chattanooga 414,339 6.7
Kalamazoo 435,504 12.4 ....'
Fargo...; 601,971 30.8 ....
Youngstown 507,008 " 82.3 ....
Springfield, Ohio... 303.391 .. 20.3 ....
Rockford 279,365 24.0 ....
Canton .412,000 - 41.6
Jacksonville 152,902 .... 25.8
Sioux Falls .» 262,638 165.1
Fremont 180.868 24.1
Bloomington, 111 309.359 28.1 .....
Jacksonville, III.... . 182,862 .19.5 .....
tColumbus, Ohio.... 423,200 21.7 ....
tHouston 13,415,249 2,2 '.;..
§Colorado Springs.. 800.718 '.... ¦'...'.
W. Va. 741.76S ....'
JCheeter ..; 390.593 '
SWllkesbarre 834,213 .... ..:.
Totals, U. S...... $2,130,972,900 80^8 ~
Outside N. Y 791.705,154' 10.0 . ....
CANADA.
Montreal $17,457,209 20.2 ....-
Toronto *._••'• 12.H3.122 16.1
Winnipeg.. S.167.S04 . D5.8 . ....
Halifax.... 1,544.904 .... 10.8
Vancouver. B. C... S27.3S9 31.2
Hamilton 1,273.444
St. John N. B 844,814 .... ....
Victoria,' B. C • 391,484 ...... 33.6
JQuebec- 1,494,742 ....
Totals. Canada... $37,719,670 16.8 '....
tNot Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. . §Not Included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
Butter has advanced slightly et wholesale,
but the retail prices are about as before. Eggs
and Cheese are unchanged.
There is little new to note in Fruits and
Vegetables. New Cranberries are coming in,
but they promise to be high this year as the
Eastern crop Is short. Grapes are coming in
wet and soft, owing to the recent rain. Peaches
and Plums will soon disappear.
There is plenty of Poultry in the markets
and prices are low. Game is high and scarce,
as the season ha3 Just opened and the new
Game law prohibits any one person from hav
ing more than fifty Ducks In his possession
on any one day. Quail are not allowed to be
sold at aH.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ — -@13 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. @11 00 Wellington $ ail 0»
Seattle 9 00@ Coos Bay.... Q 1 00
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, choice, sq.50©60 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 40@43 dozen S&340
Packed, per lb 25<g— Eastern Eggs 23(330
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern... 17<?£20 pound 15020
Cheese. Swiss 2CWJ33 Do, extracted. ... 8@lfl
Common Eggs 25@30
Poultry and Game —
Hena, each 50@6O: Rabbits, pair 40O50
Young Roosters, Hare, each: — €'0
«ach 50@7o English Snipe, par
Old Roosters, ea..40@5O dozen 14®
Fryers, each 40050! Jack Snipe -1^300
Broilers, each 40@50 Mallard, pr...Jl 25@1 50
Turkeys, per lb.. .15020! Sprig, per palr..|l@l 25
Ducks, each.! 40<g50lTeal. per palr....50@60
Geese. each...Jl 25@1 50 Widgeon, pr palr.50@65
Pigeons, pair 40@SO Small Duck, pair.— <H5O
Doves, pr dz — ®\ 50 Wild Geese, pair..—®?!
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 15@2O Round Steak .....10®-
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12@—
Do, good 10®— Tenderloin do 15<Sv^
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse do..l7Vi<820
Ham 17@1S Smoked Beef .... 20@—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt 10@12%
Mutton 8@10 Pork Chops Z^QJs
Lamb 10®12 Pork Sausages.. 12%@la
Pork, fresh 15®— Veal . . . .7!?r. . . . : Ttll®—
Fruits and Nuts — '
Alligator Pears. .Nutmeg 'Melons
A f ac » • -®50 each '.. 5Qio
Almonds 15^20 Peaches, per lb.. 4® 3
Apples ,.... 3@ 5|Pears. li> ...... 5^ %
Bananas, doz ....15@23! Plums, lb " 4@io
Blackberries. dwr.20@30 Pineapples. each"40®30
Cranberries. qt....-@15 Pomegranates dz 40®5O
Cantaloupes. ea.l2%@15 Persimmons dc'-eso
Figs, per n, 8@10 Quinces, per lbT^l® 5
Grapes per lb.... 5® 6 Raisins, per lb.... If 15
Huckleberries, • Raspberries dwr 40(SKO
Per lb I0®12% Strawberries a^ 40 ® 50
Oranges, doz 23@;o drawer ... avafin
Limes, doz —(SID Walnuts, per "lb" 15^20
Lemons, doz 20@30 Watermelons. ea^loSss
Vegetables^ —
Asparagus, per lb. @13 Onions, per lb 1® 3
Artichokes. doz...40@60 Leeks, doz bchs l^a
Beets, doz 10@- Okra. green lbSHWi
Beans, white, lb.. 6@- Green Peppers ]h 5 ffl^
Colored, per lb.. 6©- Potatoes, per "b 2$ *
Dried Lima, lb.. 6@ 9 Sweet Potatoes 1 'lb fei'
Green Lima. lb.. S@10 Parsnips, pr doz wll:
Cranberry Beans.. 6@- Radishes dz bens isfso
Cabbage each.... 5@— Sage, doz bnchs illlS
Celery, head ...... 6@ -|string Beans, lb '.^| s
Cress, doz bnchs.l5<§:20| Summer Sauash
Cucumbers, do*...10©13 per pound... * 2 O 5
Egg Plant, lb 4(3 6 Sprouts, per^ lb." ®_
Garlic 4@ 6 Spinach Deri*. -SvZ
Green Peas. lb.... 4® « Thy m^V'dol bins' slt^o
Green Corn. doz..l0<@;0 Turnips, per doz m!^
Lettuce, per doz..l3@20 Tomatoes? pcrlb' 401
Mushrooms, pr lb.23@4o| V(S f
Fish-
Carp — @ 8 Striped Bass I2tt<»«
Catflsh 10®- SeaBaaT iml!f
Codfish 12@15 Smelts ...... '.'.'." j^t^
Flounders 8@10 Soles aim
Halibut 12tt@U Skates, each siiw
Herring .—@— Squid .. ••••••_f@ 1 °
Mackerel 150— Tomaad ....""."'riv.'fir'-;
Do. horee 10®- Turbot ...... {{^^
Perch sgiO Trout 20#" ?
Pompino 40@30 Brook Trout "~_!»-s
Rockcod 12%4©1j Whitefish ....^"'lor^ll
Rockflsh ....... .10@12Vi Clams, gallon... "goiZ
Salmon, freeh — ®— Do. hardshell, lb 8mo
Do. smoked ....13@2; Crawfish 8®M
Sardines 10@— Mussels, quart —^ «
ii£! mp3 •••••• 10 °^ sters - cai.-io6::«e3»
Shad ..10@— _ Do. Eastern. dz.25®io
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts. 16,
800 barrels; exports, 12,600 barrels. Very dull
and rather weak. - - •
WHEAT— Receipts, 234,150 bushels; exports,
39,500 bushels. Spot, dull. No. 2 red, 74%c f.
0 b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73%o elevator. " Options
were exceedingly dull all day, with little
change In price. They first weakened slight
ly under bearish cables and Argentine crop
news, rallied on covering, but finally weakened
under realizing and closed easy. May, 77%@
'77%c. closed 74%c. • . .¦ . '-.%¦;>¦ > ¦ •
1 HOPS— Steady. . " .,."..:
HIDES— Firm; _ . " . "
WOOL— Quiet. . .
SUGAR— Raw, ¦ quiet; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, easy. Mild, jnarket
quiet. Futures closed steady, 6@10 points net
lower. Total sales, 24,500 bags, including: Oc
tober. 4.90c; November,' 4.95c; December, 5.03c;
March, 5.30@5.35c; May, 5.45@5.50c; June, 5.60c;
July, 5.65c; September, 5.75@5.80c. -
BUTTER— Receipts, 4380.'. packages; . steady.
State dairy, 14@21c; creamery, 15@22%c
EGGS— Receipts, , 6000 packages; firmer. West
ern, candled, 20c; do, uncandied, 16%@19%c. .
Nezv York Grain and Produce
Condition of tlie Industrials.
The New Tork circular of Hei^y Clews cays:
"While the boom was In progress the Indus
trials ¦were comparatively neglected and the
pufclio fortunately took limited interest In
their gyrations. When prosperity was at its
height their destiny was left to the future
and the day of reckoning which every one ex
pected ceased to have any terrors; the penal
ties of excessive capitalization, the problems
of management and of other perils incidental
to an industrial revolution involving billions
of capital were almost forgotten. Familiarity
¦with danger dulled apprehensions, and the
risks to theee unwieldy combinations from
new competition were easily overlooked. Yet
the very prosperity which facilitated their
birth also created a set of new, vigorous, well
equipped, low capitalised rivals, free of heavy
obligations, whose operations were likely to
be felt with Increasing force as time pro
gressed. It was Inevitable, therefore, that the
industrials would be the first to feel the effects
of any trade reaction; particularly in view of
the greatly Increased capacity for production.
Within a short period we have had unsatis
factory h"""»i reports from several of the
prominent comblnaticnE, the results of which
nre anything but encouraging to stockholders.
Rumors affecting the management of some of
these concerns have added to the disturbance
of confidence and prompted bearish attacks.
The decline in Amalgamated Copper, which
had lte foundation in a lessened demand for
the product, was a particularly disturbing
factor; partly because it euggested trade re
action and partly because it seemed to explain
the indlCerence of important interests toward
at bull market at this time. Whether the
Standard Oil party are adverse to an upward
movement or not. It is evident that the in
dustrials are a weak element in the market
Just now. Apart from their inherent defects
arising from bad financing they are more ex
posed to sharp fluctuations from trade vicissi
tudes and speculative management than was
ever possible with the railroads. The latter are
now reasonably capitalized and honestly man
aged, and the Intelligent Investor has no diffi
culty in ascertaining the essential facts as to
their intrinsic value. This much cannot be
said cf the Industrials. Secrecy is still one of
the objectionable features In their manage
ment, and public opinion is vastly more hos
tile to them than to the railroads In spite of
the great powers of the latter and their tre
mendous combinations. What the next Con
gress will do with the trusts is an Important
Question that will soon confront us. Some
action seems very likely to be taken, and
President Roosevelt, conservative as he now
may be. has never shown any particular
friendliness for these combinations. Publicity
of some sort will probably be Insisted upon
*nd this Is Just what Is most needed though
iaast desired by speculative managers."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paoiflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of name date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
bours: Last This Last
Eureka 308 " 24 Hours. Season. Sea^n.
Red Biuff"::::::::::::..".- o i.|9 2.0s
Eacramer.to 0 .56 Xi
6aa Francisco 0 .82 1.03
Fresno 0 .57 .31
Independence 0 .67 -hi
Ban Luis Obispo 0 .28 1.13
Los Angeles J .11 T.
San Diego 0 .06 T.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€5; minimum. 64; mean, 60. .
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures ¦were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 62-44; Cincinnati. 58-38: Washington,
C2-42; Jacksonville, 64-62; New York. 62-46; Kan
sas City. 66-5S; Chicago, 52-36; St. Louis. CS-42;
Philadelphia, 64-44; Omaha. 56-38; Sail Lake
City. 78-46; Duluth, 46-3C. '
. THE COAST RECORD.
* a 2 2 o oj i
.. . g 2S gs; &| % I
j ETATIONS. 3 |3||-^S Zo g
I 1 1 i 3 P ! \
'¦-¦ ¦»-.: : : : • •
AFtoria 30.10 60 52 SW Cloudy .00
Baker 29.94 62 44 NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29.94 64 34 W Cloudy. .00
Eureka 30.04 G2 52 NW Cloudy T.
Fresno 29.88 76 50 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.94 C6 SS SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho 48
Independence ....29.7S 70 46 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles 2S.80 76 48 W Clear .CO
Phoenix 29.68 92 C2 N Clear .00
Portland 30.06 «i2 54 W Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29-92 74 50 X Pt Cldy .00
Roeeburg 30.06 60 54 NW Cloudy .02
Eacrameato 23.52 76 43 S Cloudy .00
Bait Lake 29.98 52 46 W Cloudy T.
San Francisco ...29.96 64 54 W Pt Cldy .00
San I-*iis Obispo. 29.92 82 52 W Clear .00
6an Diego 29.84 66 54 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 60 52 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.90 68 48 W Clear .00
Xeah Bay 20.08 58 52 W Cloudy T.
Walla Walla ...29.90 70 54 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 23.88 C8 44 SW - Rain T.
Tuma 29.68 92 58 W Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., .56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND ' GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours .along the Sierras and
also along the pouthem coast. "Cloudy weather
pre\-alls over Northern California and sprin
kles of rain are reported along the coast from
Point Reyes northward. A- moderate disturb
ance appears to be developing In Northern Ne
vada.
The temperature still continues slightly below
the normal in the great valley* and conditions
ere not very favorable for raisin making.
Forecast made at San 'Francisco for thirty
hours, -onding midnight.- October 6. 1901: ,
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday: prob
ably light showers- along the northern coast;
lig-hf- southerly, changing to •westerly, wind.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; freEh
northerly winds.. . ..-
Nevada— Showers In extreme northern portion
Saturday; cloudy elsewhere; fresh southwest
wind. - .
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy In the
morning; fair during the day; fresh westerlv
winds. ALEXANDER G. MoADIE. '
Forecast Official.
tion to call loans, in order to limit or throw
out Industrial stocks from the collateral. No
special discrimination was exercised against
Amalgamated Copper yesterday, but such dis
crimination was reflected in to-day's acute
weakness of the stock. I Tho same was true of
the Consolidated Tobacco 4 per cent bonds,
which fell an extreme 2 points. Other stocks
affected were General Electric, 6%, Diamond
Match, 6; United States Express, 4%; Consoli
dated Gas, 4; National Biscuit preferred, 3;
Sugar, 2%, and Smelting; 2%.
In the low-priced railroad stocks Lake Erie
and Western lost 6%; St. Joseph and Grand
Island secend preferred, 2; Minneapolis, St.
Paul and Sault Ste. Marie preferred, 3%;
Kvansville and Terre Haute and Kanawha and
Michigan, 3; Toledo, St. Louis and Western,
2% each. Some of the severest losers yesterday
showed a rallying tendency even before the
general market turned upward, and in the late
recovery there were some net gains of a point
and more achieved. National Salt recovered 11
points of yesterday's 14% loss on three transac
tions. The late rally seemed to be due entirely
to covering by shorts and was made in spite
of the promise of only a moderately favorable
bank statement. The interior movement of
currency during the week has again been very
heavy, so that the gain in account of Govern
ment bond purchases and Australian gold has
been almost offset. It Is hoped that the li
quidation in the stock market will be reflected
In a loan contraction, as no special operations
in the money market are known which Wwould
offset this Influence. unlesB It might be re
newed borrowing from the local banks of the
loans to foreign lenders, which are being con
stantly liquidated, as reflected In the sustained
strength of the foreign exchange market.
The stock market closed quite active and
strong at the recovery.
The railroad bond market was affected by
selling to-day more than on previous days of
the week. Total sales, par value, $2,700,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. ' .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2L400 76% 75 76%
Atchison pfd 1,700 95% 94% 95%
Baltimore & Ohio 800 100 98% 99%
Balto & Ohio pfd 200 93 93 63
Canadian Pacific 400 103% 108 108%
Canada Southern 1,100 81 79% 79%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,900 44% 44 44%
Chicago & Alton LOO0 36 35% 35%
Chicago & Alton pfd... 800 77% 77 77>*
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 2.000 41 39% 89%
Chicago Ind & L pfd.. 3,000 73 72 -72
Chicago & East Illinois 100 126 126 126
Chicago & Great West 2,100 21% 21% 21%
Chicago & G W A pfd. 100 84Vi 84% 84%
Chicago & G W B pfd.. 400 44 43 42
Chicago & Northwestern 100 193 153 192 "
Chicago R I & P 800 140 138% 139
Chicago Term & Trans 1.500 20% 19% 20%
Chicago Term & T pfd. 3,700 3SH 36^ 37%
C C € 4 St Louis 1,700 94% 93% 94'
Colorado Southern .... 3,200 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 300 53% 53% 53
Colo Southern 2d pfd.. 1,900 24 23 23V4
Delaware & Hudson 1,200 163 162 -162%
Delaware L & Western 2^
Den\-er & Rio Grande.. 300 43 43 43%
Denver & Rio G pfd... 200 91 91 ' 91
Erie 28,100 40% Z3% 40
Erie. let pfd 3.000 €8% • 67% 68
Erie 2d pfd 2,400 54 53% 63V4
Great Northern pfd 700 184% 184 1S5%
Hocking Valley 200 • 62% 51% 61%
Hocking Valley pfd.... 100 74 74 74
Illinois Central 1,700 143% 142% 143%
Iowa Central 1,403 39 38 38V4
Iowa Central pfd 400 75 74 73^,
Lake Erie & Western.. 800 C6% $4 64 "
Lake Erie & W pfd.... 100 127 127 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,700 102% 101% 102%
Manhattan L 17,800 120% 118% 120
Metropolitan St By 4,000 162 160% 161%
Mexican Central 600 23 22% 22%
Mexican National 900 13% 13 11
Minneapolis & St L 105
Missouri Pacific 12,800 95 83% 94%
Missouri Kansas & Tex 1.700 26 25% 25%
Missouri Kan & T pfd. 1,900 52 51 51%
New Jersey Central.... 500 161 161 180
New York Central 7,100 155% 154 155%
Norfolk & Western 6,200 54% 53% 54%
Norfolk & Western pfd S9Vi
Northern Pacific pfd 100 95% 95% 35>A
Ontario & Western 4,500 33 32% 32?i
Pennsylvania 8,900 144 142% 143% ;
Reading 15,200 33% 38% 39%
Reading 1st pfd 1,400 74% 74% 74=i
Reading 2d pfd 4.100 b0% 49% 5V/.
St Louis & San Fran.. 1,900 44 42*fe 42%
Bt Louis & S F 1st pfd .... 77
St Loul3 & S F 2d pfd. 40J 66 66 66
St Louis Southwestern. 700 28% 28 28
St Louis S W pfd 1.100 COH 59% 59%
i l £ aul , ••;.; 16 ' 900 159 % 15S 153 %
St Paul-pfd j85
Southern Pacific 15,900 65% 54% 53%
Southern Railway 15.700 S2% 31% 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.000 S3»A 85 85%
Texas & Pacific 4.200 40 " 39% 39%
Toledo St L & W 1,100 20% 20' 20^4
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 1.200 34% 33% 34«
Union Pacific 3,900 96% 95 96%
Union Pacific prefd 600 87% S7 87%
S>^h 30 - 000 21< * 2 <H4 21&
W abash prefd 4,209 37% 37 37V*
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 400 17% 17 17U
Wheel & Lake E 2d prf 300 28% 28% 28
Wisconsin Central 900 21 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cent prefd... 500 41% 40% 40U
Express Companies —
Adams ................... ..... jgQ
American 100 188 188*' • 185
Lnited States 1C0 90 90 85
Wells-Fargo 160
Miscellaneous — .
Amalgamated Copper... 67,900 90 86% 88%
Amer Car & Foundry.. . 7,800 24% 23% 24%
Amer Car & F prefd.... 700 79% 78 79
Amer Linseed Oil 15 "
Amer Linseed Oil prefd " 45
Amer Smelt & Ref.. 22.900" 41% 39% 40%
Amer Smelt & Ref prfd 700 94% 94% 95%
Anaconda Mining Co.... 3,700 30% 35% 36%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 16.0C0 61H 59% 60%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 2, COO 91% 90 91%
Consolidated Gas 8,800 216% 212% 214
Continental Tobacco prf 200 113 115 ]13
General Electric 1,300 255 250% 251%
Glucose Su-rar 4,200 46% 44 46
Hocking Coal 200 16 15 16
International Paper 1,100 22% 21 . 22
International P prefd.. 1,400 75% 75 7514
International Power ... 2,400 89% 88 87%
Laclede Gas 600 90 90 91 ¦
National Biscuit, ex-dlv 200 41% 41% 41%
National Lead 600 19% 19% 19%
National Salt 300 38 29% 44
Nationnl Salt prefd ¦ .... .... 70
North American « 500 94% 93% 93
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mail 12,000 41% 40 40%
Tcople's Gas 16,000 104V. . 101% 103%
Pressed Steel Car 1,000 3S% 37 38%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 300 -77 7G 76%
Pullman Palace Car 200 213 213 213
Republic Steel 1,600 15 14% 14%
Republic Steel prefd.... 1.200 66% 63% 65%
Susar 33.800 117% 115% 116%
Tenn Coal & Iron 5,200 59% 68% 59%
Union Ens & P Co 700 17 15 14%
Union Bag & P Co pref 200 71 71 70
United States Leather.. 7,000 11% 10% 11%
U S Leather prefd 2,000 80. 77% 79%
U S Rubber 2,200 13% 12% 33%
V S Rubber prefd 1.100 48-47 47%
United States Steel 45.300 43H 42% 43
XJ S Steel prefd 12.E00 93% 92% 93%
Western Union 1,200 90% 90% 90%
Total shares Bold E93.900
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg......iO9 L & N Unl 4s 101%
Do 2s coup 109 . Mex Cent 4s 83%
Do 3s reg... f 107% Do 1st inc v30%
Do Ss coup..' 108 Minn & St L 4s. ...103
Do new 4s reg...l3S% M K A T 4s 98
Do new 4s coup.lSO'.j Do 2ds S0%
Do old 4s reg 112 N Y Cent lats 105%
Do old 4s coup...ll2 Dogen 3%s 109
Do Es reg/ 107% N J Cent een 5s. ..130
Do 5s coup 107V4 Northern Pac 4s... 104
Atchison gen 4s 102% Northern Pac 3a... 71%
Do adj 4s 9B% N & W con 4s 101
B & O 3%s 95 Reading Gen 4s.... 95?4
B & O 4s..... 101% S L & I M con 5s.. 115
B & O conv 4s.. ..104% SXtSF 4b 65
Canada Sou 2ds 107%. S L Southw lsts... 97%
Cent of Ga 5s.. 106 Do 2ds Tgg
'Do 1st Inc 73% B A & Ar Pass 4s.. 85
Chic & Alton 4%h..1O6 Southern Pac 4s... 91%
Do 3%s 84% Southern Ry 5s....ll«%
C B & Q new 4s... 96% Tex & Pac lsts 119%
C M & St P gen 4s.llO%;Tol St L & W 4s.. 81 .
C & N con 7s 139%iUnion Pac 4s ..105
C R I & P 4s .106%! Do conv 4s 105%
CCC & S L gen 4s. 104 IWabash lsts .......119%
Chic Term 4s 03 Do 2ds 110%
Colo & Sou 4s 8S% Do Deb B 60%
D & R G 4s 101% West Shore 4s......U2Vi
Erie prior lien 4s.. 9V>i "W & 1^ E 4s 90
Erie Gen 4s 87 - Wis Cent 4s 88
F -W & D C lsts. ..103 Con Tob 63%
Hocking Val 4iis..lO6%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con loiLittle Chief 12
Alice SOiOntarlo 10 50
Breece 1 40|Ophir 70
Brunswick Con..... 06'Phoenlx 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 6M:!Potosi 04
Con Cal & Va 1 CO'Savage 01
Dead wood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 90;Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60|Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con 06'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
•Money— . West End 93Va
Call loans ..i.....;.4@5 Westeh Eleo 70
Time loans .......4%@6 Bonds-
Stocks— . ¦ n E G & Coke 5s.. 50
Atch Tod &*S F..V 76 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 95% Adventure 22
Amer Sugar .'..116% Bingham Mng Co.. 30
Amer Tel 157% Amal Copper ...... 88%
Boston & Albany .. 257 Atlantic 31
Boston Elev .170 Calumet & Hecla..65O
Dominion Coal 44 . Centennial ...:..... 19%
Do prefd 117% Franklin 18
U S Steal' 43 Humboldt 25
Do prefd:......... 93% Ospeqla 95
Gen Electric ......249% Parrot..... 39%
Mex Cent 22%|Quincy ' 158
N E Gas & Coke.. 5% Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Old- Colony •...'. . . . .206% Tamarack ........ .,290
Old Dominion 27% ntah. Mining....... 24%
Rubber '........':.... 13%fWinoria ..........'... '1%
Union Pao '96%| Wolverines ¦..; 58
I Union Land ........ • 3'.. .| . ' .. . .
London Market. ¦
: NEW YORK. Oct. j 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial... cablegram says:
The stock market to-day, was listless, depressed
and an easy prey to all kinds of stock rumors,
which wered : magnified by the King's rheuma.
tism.' Some .peode . actually: credited the as
sertion printed, In the Paris Matin that there
was a general uprising in Cape Colony and a
loss of the ' territory. Paris was a free seller
owing to several small failures. Professionals
are offering % double options on consols on the
end of October on the Dosslbillty of. the end
of the Boer war. Paris bear traders banged
Rio Tlntos on a fall of a point in copper. Ana
conda closed at 7%. a net loss of %• American
shares were' dull on the New York Central re
port, but slightly hardened later. Atchison was
the feature, Glasgow giving more than 3 per
cent to call 7000 shares at the end of the year.
Money is easy as Government dividends are
due to-morrow. The Bank of England has en
gaged £370,000 gold in Egypt.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison,
76; Atchison preferred, 98V4; Canadian Pacific,
112; Denver and Rio Grande, 45% ;• Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 94%;. Northern Pacific
preferred, 107%; Southern Pacific, 57%; Union
Pacific, 7S%; Union Pacific preferred, 87%. Bar
silver, dull. 26%d. Money, 2@2% per cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— Money on call closed
steady at 2%@3?i per cent; last loan, 3 -per
cent; ruling rate, 3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 1%@S% per cent.
Sterling ' exchange is strong, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 85%@4 85% for
demand and at $4 83@4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rate&-$4 84@$4 86%.
Commercial bills— 14 82%@4 83%.
Bar Bllver— 57%c.
Mexican dollars-745%0.
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, Inac
tive; railroads,- "weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— To-day^ statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance. $171,081,704; gold. $102,639,955.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices jj for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: ; Grapes— Tokays,,
single crates. 86c@$l 10, average $1 04;'Emper
ors, single crates, 85o. j Pears— 3. Clalrgeau,
boxes, $1 80@2 10, average $1 98; O..Diel,, boxes,
$1 45@1' 50, average $1 46; Duchesse. boxes, $1 65
@2, average $1 93; Winter Nells," boxes, $160
@1 96. average $1 90. Peaches— Sal ways, boxes,
45<g>70c, average SSc. Ten cars sold to-day.
Weather dry and cool. -" • -.'
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
as follows: Grapes— Tokays, single crate3,
$1 20(32 10, average $1 68; Musoate, single ci-ates, ¦
$1 25@1 65, average $1 S3. Peaches— Sal ways,
boxes 50@70c, * average 63c; Georges' Late,
boxes, 60o. Five cars sold to-day. Weather
dry and favorable. i ¦ ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ ._.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 4.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes—
Tokays, single crates, $1'30@2;10, average $1 44;.
Muscats, single crates, ! $1; .Assorted single,
orates. $180. Peaches— Salways, boxes, E5@6Sc,
average 62o. - Three cars eold to-day. Weather,
dry and favorable. '¦_, . - . , • J
Livestock Market.' '/
¦' Li. CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct.' 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, - 6000,
Including 1700 Texans and -250 Westerns. Mar
ket dull at last Tuesday's prices. 15c lower than
Wednesday's prices. Gobd.to'prime steera,. $6 15
©6 60; poor to medium,- $3 50@5 80;; stackers and
feeders, $2 25@4; cows, $1 25@4 60; heifers, $2@
4 25; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 75:calves.
$2B0@6 25; Texas steers, $2 90@3 80; Western
steers, S3 65@5 25. . . " - ' •-
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 16,000; left over.
4000; estimated for to-morrow, 17,000. Market
opened steady to 5c higher; closed weak. Mixed
and butchers, $6 35@6 70; good to choice heavy.
$6 6C@6 S1V 3 ; rough heavy, $6 20@6 50; light. $6 60
©6 65; bulk of sales, $6 45@6 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; steady: lambs dull
and lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 30@3 75;
fair to choice mixed. $3@3 30; Western sheep,
?2 50@3 60; native lamba, $2 60@4 75; Western
lambs, $3 25@4 25. . . ¦¦,'¦¦¦.
' ' ST ¦ JOSEPH ' ¦'
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. V-CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1700; active. Texans weak to 10c lower.
Natives, $3@6 25; Texans and Westerns, $2 75®
4 80; cows .and heifers, $1 60@5 10; bulls and
stags, $2@4 85; stockers and feeders, $1 50SJ4 15;
yearlings and calves, $2@3 85 ; veals, $3@6.
HOGS— Receipts. 6800; market strong to 6c
higher. Light and/ light: mixed, $6 60@6 75; me
dium heavy, $6 60@6 87%; pigs. $4 75@6 50; bulk
of sales, $6 60@6 75. . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200; market for good
grades active; lambs,' $3 50@4 50; yearlings,' $2 85
@3 23; wethers. $2 70<g>3 25; ewes, $2 50©3. '
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— The Commercial Bulletin
will say to-morrow of the wool trade of the
United States: The market is much quieter,
but prices continue steady and even the higher
prices paid in Montana are ¦ justified by the
sales this week. The high activity of the mills
is evinced by the fact that mills that habitually
ecour all their own wool have been buying
scoured wool in Boston this week as their own
scouring plants cannot keep up with the ac
tivity of the rest of the machinery. The re
ceipts of wool in Boston since January 1 has
been 220,333,400 pounds, against 142,499,865 pounds
for the same period. In 1900. The Boston ship
ments to date are 194.235,517 pounds, against
sales of 108,240,000 pounds for the same- period
in 1900. - •
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 4.— Clearings, $426,926; bal
ances, $88,510.
,• Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. ' ' , '
PORTLAND. Oct.. 4.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 62@62%c; valley. 63%c: blue stem. 54c. -
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 4.— WHEAT— Quiet; ' blu«
stem,' 64o; club, 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 4.— Consols, 93%; silver, 26%d;
French rentes, lOOf 95c. Wheat cargoes on pas
sage, depressed; cargoes Walla Walla, 27s lfcd;
English country markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 4.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 9%d@5s lOd; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, rain
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
HOPS (At London)— Pacific Coast, steady.
„.„ 32«g25e- Fleece Twine. 7%@8c: Fruit
Baft 5% @6%c to? Stton and 7@7%c for Jute.
- COAiAwellington. U P« ton: Sou hfleU
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $5 50, L-oca
Bay S550Vwailsend. $3; Co-operative ' \allsend
$2: Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 .» to
sacks; Pensylvanla Anthracite Egg. $15. Can
nel. $U per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk ami
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 U
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand. ' • »-
OILS— California Castor OH. to cases. No.
1. 70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed OH. to bar
rels, boiled, 74c; raw, 72c: cases. 6c more,
Lucol. - 64c for boiled and 62c for raw
in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained bar
rels, 85c; cases. 90c; China Nut. 55@72c per gal
lon: pure Neatsfootln barrel*. 70c; «"«»• '**£
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 43
@43c per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 37^c.
cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. bbls. 63&C for Cey
lon and 68%c for Australian. „
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In on?**
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c; Astral. «*? c :
Star, 19V4c; Extra Star. 23%c; Elaine, 34fcc.
Eoceae . 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c: in cases. He: Benzine, in bulk. 14c:
In cases. 20c; 86-degrea Gasoline. In bulk. 20c.
TURPENTINE— 68c per gallon to case* and
62c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10o: *w
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated; 4.95c; Dry
Granulated 4.85c; Confectioners', A, 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.S5c; Beet Granulated. 4.75c; Mag
nolia A. 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c: Golden C. 4.23c:
barrels 10c more; half -barrels. 25o more; boxes.
60c more; 50-lb bags. lOo more. No orders takea
for less than 75 barrel* or its equivalent. Domt
nos. half -barrels, 6.33c; boxes. 6.60c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
" There la no further change to report to tWa
market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are u follows: .
B£EF— 6@ffVic for Steers and B@5%o p«r IB
°VEAL^Lan?e. 7%©8%c: small. 8@9c j»r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes. 6@6Ho per
pound.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live hogs, 230 lbs and under, «c: over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c: feeders. : sows, 20 per
cent off: boars. 30 per cent off. and stags. 40
per ceni off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7&@9c ~ ; .;.
• Receipts of Produce.
FOR. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4.
Flour, qr sks 24,463 Onions, ska ...... 473
Wheat, ctls .... 2,150 Mustard.., sks -... 745
Barley, ctls 58.421 Wool. «ks 69«
Oats, ctls 3.053 Tallow, ctla .... 213
Beans. sks 2,550 Sujrar, ctls ...... 1»#75
Hops, bales 14 Pelts, Mis /30
Potatoes, sks ... 3.374 Hides. No • 301
Hay, tons 304 Brandy, srals ...'. 7.609
Middlings, ska .. 160 Wine, gals ¦: 15.450
Bran, sks 3.665! Leather, rolls ... 99
Corn. ctla. ¦ 90 1 Quicksilver, flaks o»
Rye. ctls 5451
. OREGON. j»j V
Oats, ctls........ 2301
Silver falls below 58c. New York Exchange declined.
Wheat futures slightly easier. Barley dull. . . :
Oats, Corn and Rye unclianged.
Hay firm and selling well
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Cheese and Eggs about the same. Butter higher.
Dried Fruit continues to move off well.
Growers firmly holding Hops. :
Wool selling well at steady prices.
Hides and Tatlow in demand and firm.
Nothing new in tlte Meat market. ¦ %
Cranberries firm and in demand.
Grapes continue to. come in wet and soft. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables slww little change.
Poultry plentiful and quiet.
Game continues to decline slowly.
Rather more fluctuation in local stocks.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
noted. and spot stood at £63 7i 6d and futures
at £63 5s. * . ¦ V' '- • *
Lead was 8s 9d higher at London, spot-be
ing quoted at £11 16s 3d. Here lead was dull
at £4.37*. •- £ ¦> _ - "
Spelter was dull and unchanged.
Ir6n was quiet and unchanged to-day ' at
(9 BC@10 for pig iron warrants: No. 1 North
ern foundry.. $1B@15 E0; No. 2 foundry, South
ern, $14@14 50; No. 1 foundry, soft, $14 75©
15 25; No. 1 foundry. Southern. $14 75@15 25.
Glasgow warants 'Closed at 53s lOd and Mld
dlesboro at 45a 7&d. ' ." ~ , ft ' :'
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Cotton futures closed
steady, 3 points higher. .
California Fruit Sales.
than last year or In 1£88, L but fewer than In re
cently preceding years, < and -while liabilities
have expanded, this has been d le mainly to a
few lance financial BUBpenslons'bef ore reported,
because current failures and liabilities are not
as heavy as earlier In the- year.
The cereals are vei-y , generally weak and
lower in all markets. ¦ Largo receipts, liquida
tion by tired longs and unsatisfactory • cable
advices have weakened Wheat slightly. Export
trade, however, falls to be greatly stimulated.
Corn has weakened slightly on Improved out
side buying to keep prices up to the profes
sional liquidation and poor export inquiry. • ••
New business In woolen goods is quiet, but
the mills are busy on winter wear orders ana
a large volume of their spring output has been
booked. .Wool is steady, former prices are in
sisted upon and consumption is heavy. ¦ ,
Iron trade reports are the best of the year.
Foundry and Bessemer pig iron are very active
at Chicago and PittBbur*. Bessemer is 2o
cents higher at the latter market, which re
ports September pig iron sales the largest
since January. , Finished and structural mills
are two to three months behind on orders, ana
rail orders already booked insure activity far
into next year. Among the other metals tin.
affected by the statistical position, broke early
in the week, but firmed up without, however,
regaining the loss of • about half a P° u . nd ' .
Wheat, including flour, exports for the weex
aggregate 6.193.749 -bushels, against 6,470.352
bushels last week. . iAj» ctctu
Failures for the week in the. United States
were 175. against 177 to the same week last
>e in r ' Canada there were 28. against 19 a year
aco. ' : "<
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE 'SAN^'FRAN^^
Manufacturing Is of such vigor that few
wheels are Idle and further wage agreements
have reduced the numbbr of strikers to a min
imum. Mild weather, yacht races. and other
temporary influences curtailed the volume or
retail sales In this city, but Jobbing and whole
sale concerns are preparing for exceptional
transactions. Foreign trade la also heavy.
Nothing new has developed In regard to the
iron and steel situation and, with the mills
crowded in their efforts to overtake consump
tive demand, there is little prospect of any
material change in the market for some time.
Contracts for an enormous quantity of. steel
rails, deliverable next year at current . quo
tations. Indicate the general confidence in the
general •eTablllty of prices and the expansion
of railway facilities required to meet the
growing needs of the country. Finished steel
and pigiron sales are of satisfactory volume.
Steadiness is still the feature in textile mar
kets. New orders for woolens are slow, but
buyers complain of late delivery on old con
tracts. This might result in cancellations if
the demand was not uniformly brisk and deal
ers unable to secure goods elsewhere. .
¦Wool comes forward freely and supplies are
ample. A slight advance to 17&c was reported
in the average price of one hundred grades on
October 11, to Coates Bros.' circular. Sup
plementary orders for winter footwear made
the situation rather more satisfactory than
producers anticipated, while Jobbers, are un
able to secure goods to fill orders.
Hides were violently advanced to the highest
price of the year.
Staple products have declined moderately as
a rule, with the exception of cotton and pork
products. The variation . was widest- in corn.
Wheat was also easier, partially due to con
flicting estimates of foreign crops and needs,
while exports from, the United States were
smaller than In the preceding week. The great
size of the domestio wheat crop this year i3
indicated by interior receipts of 8,411,775.bush
els, against 6, ISO, 581 bushels last year and
6,664,113 In 1899. - : •:
10
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
AT J. D. HORAN-S STOCK YARDSJCOKNXK
. TENTH AND BRTANT STREETS.
THIS DAX.
SATURDAY. OCT. 5. AT U A. M.
I will sell 50 head of well-bred ¦^"W
broken and unbroken horses, mares and geld-
ings, several well-mated teams. wood-
ar T d h Rincn tS Cou^."-'* SS£3, W .S&
be sold withoutXO DRYDOCK BEING AVAILABLE,
THE LUCII.E IN ORDER TO BE
CALKED IS KEELHAULED.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. | Pier.
«•»-!»- 1 __..«—.
October 5. I
Xoyo Humboidt 12 mlPier 2
Aherdeen Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pler 2
Peru China & Japan I 1 pmlPMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg Grayi Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
October G.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orf|10 amjPier 13
F.ureka Humboldt ¦ * mml'lcr u
Santa Rosa.. San Diejco & Way I 9 amlPicr 11
October 7. |
fianta Barb.. Humboldt ( 2 pm|PI?f 2
l mm Arena.. Point Arena 2 pin P»er :
October 8.
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pier 27
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Port* 11 am Pier 9
. . October O.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn & pm Pier 16
Mandalay Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier —
Pomona HumboMt 1:50 p Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Ean Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October 1O.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona I Redonfjo 4 Wny..l 9 am Pier 11
Alliance ! Portland & Coos D.| 5 pm|Pler IS
FROM SEATTLE.
Stenaier. . ' From. Due.
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. C
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha Valdea and Kodlak Oct. 10
AI-Ki Sfcsjoiay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Diriso Skaguay & AVay Ports. Oct. 15
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. Is* , Mer-
Oaobcr 4 fiMl. nge> San Franclsco - Cal.,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
J- B. MILTON,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
y e a a,v * „ Friday, October 4.
L S S Albatross. Masher, from cruise
U S S Ranger, Field. 9 days from La Paz.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 63 hours from Vic
toria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Cops Bay, Nicholson, 12 hours from
Moss L.Pnaln~. '
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
llfndocino.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkel, 15 hours from Fort
CLEARED.
„ ¦ Friday, October 4.
'Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall Per
kins t: Co. ,
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, S n Dletro
Goodall. Perkins & Co. wiego,
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon R &
N Co.
Br sM? Achnashie, Longmulr, Queenstown-
S Wangenhelm & Co.
SAILED. -
U S S Philadelphia. Meade"!^'' ° CtOl * r 4 "
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, fanta Cruz.
Stmr Pomona, Hhea, Eureka.
S'.inr Eureka. Lehman. Seattle.
Br stmr Flintshire, Dwyer, Antwerp.
Nor shfu Lancins, Johnson, Queenstown
Schr Ocean goray. Olsen, Blhlers Point
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowena Landing.
Sohr Mary E Rues, Nyman, Coos Bay.
Schr Esther Buhne. Salveaon. Eureka and
Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— October 4. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORT8.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr EmDire, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 3— Stisr Kumboldt,
for Skaruay. I
. NEHALEM— Sailed Oct S-Stmr Geoj R Vos
berg. with barge C H Wheeler in tow; for San
Fruiicl«co. . ,
•SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Rainier, ho
Oct 1.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Oct 4— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Los Anjreles for Nanalmo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley.- •
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Edith, for San
Francisco.
BALLARD-Sailed Oct.4-Schr AlbertMeyer,
for Redondo. ¦ -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 4— Schr A B
Johnson, for San Francisco. •--'
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Milton,
from Nanalmo.
ASTORIA-Sailed Oct 4-Fr bark Nantes, for
CHATJNCEY DEPEW "WHX .
WED MISS MAY PALMER
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— The Herald an
nounces that Senator Chauncey M. De
pew is to marry Miss May Palmer '.n
the near future and quotes the Senator,
who is a guest of H. McK. Twombley, at
his home, Fordham Park, near Morris
town, N. J.. as follows: "It is true that
I am to be married again. The lady who
has honored me by agreeing to become
my wife Is Miss Palmer, whom I have
known for years."
Celebrate Irish Night.
"Irish Night" at the Carnival of Ancient
and Modern Art, given by the Women's
Educational jand Industrial Union at Na
tive Sons' HkH last night, was well at
tended. The programme of music, " the
readings and the tableaux made up an en
tertaining programme.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.-Carollne Peterson,
a domestic employed by Mrs. H. C. Cap
well, residing at Oakland and Fair view
avenues, is in custody of the police.. Th«
young woman surrendered a ?175 diamond
ring to-day, the disappearance of which
Mrs. Capwell had reported to Chief of
Police Hodgkins only an hour before tha
gem was found in the servant girl's pos
session. ' .
The detectives also have in charge a
valise containing considerable jewelry,
silverware, bric-a-brac, purses and a small
pistol. This property was found in. the j
woman's room at. the Capwell residence.
Until satisfactory evidence concerning
the presence of the strange miscellaneous
collection of valuables shall have been se
cured the' prisoner will be detained at the
City Prison.
She declares that the wares are her
own property, given to her by Lady Leilah
Yarde Builer, with whom she formerly re
sided as a companion. Some of the silver
ware bears tne monogram letter B.
Other spoons and forks in the collection
are marked "M. P. V. C," and a single
spoon Is stamped "Albany.'
The ring Incident which led to the un
covering of the bag of jewelry occurred
this afternoon. Mrs. Capwell missed the
valuable gem shortly after noon. She Im
mediately notllied the police. Detectives
Shorey and Holland went post haste to
the residence and there found the dom
estic very defiant and Indignant, her
mistress having suggested that the girl
might know something about the missing
jewelry.
During a conversation with Detective
Shorey the girl made a pretext to leave
the room. She was followed and finally
took the gem from its hiding place in her
clothing "and passed it to Mrs. Capwell in
the detective's presence. He arrested the
girl and then took the valise which was in
her room. „, _ ,
The woman was taken to the City Pri
son. There the contents of the satchel
were exposed. Such a motley collection or
stuff was never before uncovered in the
Jail. •• i ¦ .
Besides several dozen assorted pieces of
tableware, variously inscribed, there were
smelling salts bottles, cracker jars, gold
lined cups and other utensils for table
use, gold bracelets -and brooches, stick
pins and rings, a score of odds and ends
in fancy design for women's wear, orna
mental clasps in abundance, half a. dozen
gold finished strainers, fruit knives, napr
kins, silk handkerchiefs contributed to
this miniature "old curiosity shop." ,
Among the stolen property records at
the police office there is no note of miss
ing jewelry which meets the description of
that contained In the prisoner's valise.
The Capwells say they will not prose
cute the woman for the theft of the ring,
so happy are they to have recovered it.
The police have not decided what to do
with their charge and her motley array
of wares.
Saints Conlan and' Fritz. See the Wasp car
toon. • '
BALTIMORE, Oct. 4-Joe Gans
knocked out Dan - McConnell of Philadel
phia to-night in the third round of a' bout
scheduled to go eight rounds.
Joe Gans Defeats McConnell.
For. sJde rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
.ventlon tickets, friends accompanying
and. holders of .nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
G41*Market st.. and ferry depot.
Special Rates 0
Missing* From Home.
Robert Connor, aged 13 years, living at
190S^ Powell street. Is missing fronVhls
home, and his mother fears that he has
been kidnapecH He left home last Thurs
ciay morning to go to school ami since
then he has not teen seen. His disap
pearance has been reported to the police.
PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petitions In
insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: H. R. War
ner, hotel keeper. Highland Springs, liabilities
$6311 17, no assets :.N. R. Spect, real estate and
insurance agent and newspaper publisher, lia
bilities $10,010, no assets.
PEDLINA ESCAPES.-On motion of Assist
ant United States * Attorney D. E. McKinlay
in -the United States District Court yesterday
mornins Judire • de Haven ¦ ordered a nolle
Iirossequlto be entered in the case of James
Pedllna. accused of having refilled a bottle of
claret without affixing thereto a war tax
stamp.
For Mexico and South America.
The steamer Tucapel. which sailed Thurs
day for Valparaiso and way ports, carried
merchandise for Mexico, valued at $TS58; Pan
ama, 5423; Peru, $8757; Chile. J12.675. The fol
lowing were the principal exports:
To Mexico— 107 pkgs groceries and provisions,
373 cs hardware, 22 pkrs paints and oils, 10
cs SOS sals wine, lit lbs cheese. SS9 lbs peeper,
200 lbs ham, 13 pkgs paste, 113S lbs sagro, 190
pkgs fruits and vegetables, ISO lbs tea. 15 cs
whisky, 50 cs bottled beer, 13 pkgs machinery,
230 lbs sulphur, 1002 lbs soda, 495 lbs cinnamon,
9 crs sewing machines, 17$^car wheels, 6 cs
rubber goods, 2397 lbs dried fruit, 58 tons coal,
3 bdls wire, 129 lbs spices.
To Panama — * head cattle, 1 cs dry goods, 2
pkgs windows, 2 pkgs furniture, 3 crs stoves,
2 pkgs groceries and provisions.
To Peru— 6720 ctls wheat, 4 cs drugs, 694G. lbs
shrimps, 1J pkgs groceries and provisions', 20
cs salmon.
To Chile — «S0 ctls wheat. v 109 cs canned
poods, 130S lbs lard, 20 flasks quicksilver, 12
cs household goods, 43 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 830 cs salmon, 2 cs drugs.
Queenstown; schr'J M Weatherwax, for San
Kfencisco. :
FOREIGN PORTS.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Oct 4— Ger stmr Am
mon, hence July 10 for ! Hamburg 1 .
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
LIZARD^-Passed Oct 4— Ger ship Najade,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
KINSAL.E— Passed Oct 4— Br ship Stronsa,
hence June 6 for Queenstown.
DUBLIN— Arrived Oct 3— Br bark County of
Pembroke, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 4— Ger ship Margre
tha, from Tacoma.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 3— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Tacoma.
PORT PIRIE-Sailed Br ship Drummulr,
for Newcastle.
LIVERPOOL,— Arrived Oct 3— Br ship AI»
'burth, from Orezon.
COLON— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Orizaba, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Finance, for New York.
VALPARAISO— Arrived .Ausr 19— Chil bark
Latona, from Port Blakslej', and sailed Aug 23
for Guayaquil.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Oct 2— Nor ship
Prince Louis, for Honolulu:
MANILA-Satled Oct 1-U , S • S Meade, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sent SO— Br stmr Carl-
Isle City, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived Oct 3— Nor stmr Kvar
ven, from Portland, Or, and sailed Oct 4 for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Columbia,
from Hamburg for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct. 4— Stmr Zeeland,
from New York. via Cherbourg.
ST MICHAEL-Passed Oct 4— Stmr Scotia,
from New York for Genoa and Naples. . .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg;, Southampton and
Cherbourg.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr New England,
from Liverpool via Queenstown.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr
Ammon. from 8an Francisco via Valparaiso.
CORONEL — Salled-Oct 1 — Stmr ImoKene, for
Lelth. Oct 2— Stmr Cymballne, for St Vincent,
both from . Ran Francisco. —
GENOA-Salled Oct 4— Stmr Herodate . for
San Francisco, not as previously reported.
LI VERPOOL- Sailed ,Oct 3— Stmr Nomadic,
for New York. > / ¦ •
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Colum
bian, from Hamburg for New York.
LONDON-Sailed Oct 2-Stmr Mont Eagle,
for Montreal. ¦ ; • ' i '¦
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Parisian, fm
Liverpool for Montreal; stmr Astoria, from
Glasgow for New York.. - >• .;. -•¦• -' ¦../¦¦.'
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Oceanic,
from Liverpool for New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— In an official trial
for the ten-mile amateur paced record
Joe Nelson, brother of the late Johnny
Nelson of Chicago, to-day • at Vailsburg,
N. J., lowered every record from six to
ten miles inclusive, covering the ten miles
In 16:23 3-5. The former record for the dis
tance, 20 ;04 4-5, was made by Johnny Nel
son In 1S08. •
Records Lowered in UTew Jersey.
Time Ball.
__ SATURDAY. OCTOBEIt 4.
Sun rises ...„ 6:08
S<"n sets 5:48
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
Time! Time Time Time
Date — — I Ft. Ft. Ft. w- Ft. •¦
H W) L W H W L W
E ... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3?2 5:16 iTl 777!
L TV H W L W H W
6 ... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:46 2.7 6:35 6 0
7 .. 1:15 0.3 8:15 5.2 1:51 2.3 7:46 6.0
8 ... 2:06 0.5 8:56 5.3 2:44 1.8 8:50 3.0
9 ... 2:56 0.8| 9:36 .5.5 3:31 1.4 9:47 5 0
10 ... 3:36 l.ll 10:10 5.5 4:12 1.0 10:39 4.9
11 ... 4:10| 1.4| 10:411 5-«| 4:51 0.8 11:29. 6.1
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tide3 of thn
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights jrlven are in
addition to the. goundlrftt on the United States
Coast Survey Charts. <?.\5pt when a minus (— )
sign precedes the beiprht. and then the number'
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
John C. King Dies.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 4.— John. C. Kins,
aged 68, head of the Santa. Fe Railroad secret
service, and former Sheriff of this county, died
suddenly to-day of heart trouble.
The Board of Public "Works . received
bids yesterday for the repaying of Front
street, between . Pacific and Vallejo
streets. The bid of the City Street Im
provement Company, $13,326 11, was the
lowest and it - will be awarded the con
tract. The lowest bid for the repaving of
California street, between Montgomery
and Kearny streets, was that of the same
company, at $3163 74.
Bids for Street Paving.
Keelhauling a Ship.
The American ship Lucile, as she lies
at Union-street wharf, presents a spec
tacle not often seen on the front. "When
ehe arrived here on September 6 last it
was found necessary to calk her
The cruiser Philadelphia came down
from the naj-y yard yesterday and sailed
during the afternoon for the south. She
v m call at Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara.
San Pedro and San Dlezo tor various de
tachments of the naval reserve and will
then go on a week's cruise in the chan
nel. From San Pedro she will take the
Los Angeles corps of engineers and from
th» ether points members of the militia
to the number of 135, including ten officers.
Captain T. A. Nerney went away with the
cruiser and will command the militia dur
ing the cruise.
The Philadelphia has been almost con
stantly on the go for the last seven
months. During that t'me she has cov
ered over 30,000 nautical miles and now
starts out a^aln. During this term of
service she has been to Panama and back,
then to Valparaiso, via Panama, and
back; then to Samoa, via. Honolulu, a_nd
backn then to Puget Sound and back, and
now she is making a 2009-mile cruise with
the naval reserve.
The Concord has been turned over to
Admiral Casey and as soon as she is re
paired will be put in commission. " The
chances are that she will then be used as
a dispatch boat and the Philadelphia will
get a rest.
Goes South, to Take the Naval Reserve
Boys on a Practice Cruise. (
PHILADELPHIA SAILS AGAIN.
172 cs canned goods, 1430 lbs millstuffs, 258
lbs tobacco, -276 lbs coffee, 7 cs dry jroods, 2034
pigs lead, 968 lbs spices, 36,100 lbs malt, 303 Erals
cocoanut oil, 7056 Ib6 beans, 1672 lbs bread,
26,727 lbs dried fruit, 200 pkgs raisins, 1086 pkgs
fruits and vegetable?, 480 lbs chocolate, 24 pkgs
groceriej and provisions, 369 pkga paste, 272
lbs cheese. 8 cs arms and ammunition, 7 pkgs
paints and oils. 31 bdls pipe. 10 cs fuse, 10
tons Cumberland coal, 1 cs 155 gals wine, 105
tins matches, 120 lbs hops.
In addition to the above the steamer carried
450 cs salmon aDd 90 cs canned fruit, en route
to Minneapolis, valued at J2C20.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed Thursday
fcr Victoria with cargo for British Columbia
valued «t $18,157, including the following mer
chandise and produce: ,
Merchandise for British Columbia
The British ehip Achnashie was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with si>,044
ctls wheat, valued at $SS.44O. and 23,349 ft
lumber as dunnaee, valued at $313.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
An explosion of gases In an oil tank
car at the West Oakland railroad yards
this morning caused the probable fatal
burning of James Jackson and James
Robinson, boilermakers, who were im
prisoned in the car tank, where they had
been riveting. The men tried to escape
by a manhole, but were caught by the
flame and superheated gas that shot out
of the hole as from a furnace.
As soon as the imprisoned workmen
could be rescued medical attendance was
summoned, and after temporary dressing
of their frightful burns was accomplished
the injured workmen were hurried to the
Southern Pacitic Company's hospital at
San Francisco. The flesh on KoDinson s
hands and face was literally cooked and
it dropped off his injured hands as the
rescuers dragged him out of the man
hole. Jackson was as badly burned about
the face and hands. •
The car was on the siding at the ma
chine shops, where a crew of men had
been put to work to rivet loose joints of
the big iron tank. The heated bolts were
being passed into the car where Jackson
and Robinson were lacing the rivets
through the rivet holes from the inside,
holding them in place while they were
drl\en down from the outside.
A spark from one of the heated rivets
dropped into the residuum of oil and
debris. The contact caused the ex
plosion. The prisoners made for the man
hole and before they could get through
the mass of sas and flame enveloped
Robinson resides in Berkeley and Jack
son's home is at West Oakland. The
mm have families.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 4.
Arrest of Caroline Peter
son for Stealing a ;
Fine Diamond.
Railroad Hands Are Ter
ribly Burned in a
Tank Car.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Coptic will be due from the Orient
next Tuesday, and the Mariposa from
Honolulu next Wednesday.
The Peru sails for the Orient to-day
with about thirty passengers.
Captain Fullerton, late of the bark
Harry Morse, has taken command of the
ship John A. Brlggs. The latter vessel is
now leading for Australia.
Tlie British ship Principality has been
added to the overdue fleet. She is now
out 153 days from Xewcastle on Tyne fop
San Francisco and 10 per cent is being
paid to reinsure her.
Water Front Notes.
TAKING WAYS
OF A DOMESTIC
ready won an enviable reputation as a
graceful and finished dancer. She is well
known to the local stage, and profession
als pronounce her buck and wing dancing
to be nothing short of wonderful for a
child performer. .
Theatrical managers are 'anxious to
p-YTjpc H E cruiser Ranger returned yes
! I terdsy from Panama, where she
!|j was sent by the Government when
j" the rebp'!inn In Colombia reached
an acute stage. Neither the of
f.c?.-s nor crew saw any of the fighting, as
then was no sign of any disturbance
along the line of railroad between Pan
ama and Colon. . i
The Ranfer's crew was engaged in com
p'.eTir.s the survey of San Diego harbor
wii.-n the order to proceed to Panama ar
rived. She was at once coaled and put to
fea. reaching her destination September
7>. The next day the battleship Iowa ar
riv-d from San Francisco and then there
v.as little for the Ranker to do. On Sep
vembtr 8 ;he cruiser was ordered back to
Pan Francisco, and she sailed the next
day. While lying in the Eay of Panama
none of the men got shore leave, but some
of the officers went ashore and took a
ride over the Panama, railroad. There
was not a rejrular nor a rebel to be seen
and business was going along as usual.
On the way home the Ranger stopped at
Pichillnqul. the United States coalins
station, and also at Acapulco. At the
latt'-r place, on September 21, news of the
deaih of President McKinley reached the
cruiser. The cruiser has now been in ac
tive serrice for eleven months and will
go to Mare Island on Monday for an
overhauling. Commander Field will be
detached from her at Mare Island, and
Commander William P. Potter, now on
bis way from Philadelphia, will take his
place.
thoroughly. There was no dock available
at the time the men were ready to begin
work, so the captain decided to do the
job alongside the wharf. It will probably
prove to be the more expensive method,
but the work can be more thoroughly
done, as the calker can strike a straight
downward blow instead of upward, as he
would have to do were the ship on the
dock. The Lucile was accordingly hove
down, or keelhauled, and she now lies
with her keel out of water and "her yards
almost touching the wharf. Gan^s of men
are running all over her side. In the old
days all vessels were repaired in this
manner. Even now many a vessel Is
treated in the same way. but the work
is generally done in Mission Bay and not
alongside a wharf.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - From. Due.
Aberdeen Humboldt Oct. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 5
Asuncion ! Seattle Oct. 5
Kvarven j Portland Oct. 5
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 5
Matteawan.... | Tacoma Oct. 5
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. S
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 5
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 5
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 5
Marfdalay Coqullle River Oct. 6
Mlneola N'anaimo Oct. R
Santa Barbara San Pedro Oct. 6
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 7
Czarina..: Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 7
Edith... Seattle Oct. 7
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way -Ports Oct. 7
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 8
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. S
Coptic China and Japan Oct. 8
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. S
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 9
Mariposa Honolulu Oct. 9
City of Puebla Pugct Sound Ports Oct. 9
Titanla..'. Nar.almo Oct. 9
fianta Rosa.... San Dlrgo & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. A
Areouica Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. ]2
Sesostria Hamburg- & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Steamer Movements.
At thfi services to-night the general
theme of discussion was missionary work.
. OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The attendance at
the second day's session of the Pacific
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South in Asbury Church was
larger than on the opening day. Many
delegates and ministers arrived last even
ing and this morning. .-,;'-.- :
Jiishop W. W. Duncan presided at the
morning meeting, which ,was given over
to the transaction of minor routine busi
ness and the reading of reports of minis
ters One Interior pastor stated that he
had met with several disciples of Dowie
in the course of his religious work, but
he did not believe that the. heresy
preached by that dissenter had affected
the clergy of the South church to any
extent during the past year. . _
Rev. J. K. McLean was- introduced to
the conference as a bearer of fraternal
greeting from the General Association of
Congregational Churches of California.
He gave an address that was cordially
received by the assemblage. Bishop Dun
can then appointed Rev. J. E. Moore to
convey the greetings of the conference to
the Congregational Association. -
Bishop Duncan and his cabinet expect
to be able to announce appointments
to pastorates for the ensuing year by
Sunday evening, but it Is possible that
this important information may not be
made public until Monday.
This afternoon was taken up with the
annual meeting of the Woman's Foreign
Missionary Society of the Pacific Confer
ence. Mrs. J. H. Kyle, president of the
society, occupied the chair. In her offi
cial message she said that the organiza
tion now has eighteen auxiliary branches.
Although two branches went out of exist
ence during the last year, the total mem
bership of the society had increased.
•President Mrs. Kyle appointed the fol
lowing committees:
• Nominating— Mrs. Mary Oppenhelmer,
Mrs. Alice Price and Mrs. Winters. -
Resolutions— Mrs. J. E. Squires and
Mrs. Radcliffe.
Finance— Mrs. L. C. Renfro and Mrs. C.
Hardln.
The, election for officers of the Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society will be held
to-morrow afternoon.
Appointments of Pastors for Next
Year May Be Given Out on .-•'
Sunday.
CONFERENCE WORK OF
THE SOUTH METHODISTS
FLAMES AND GAS
ENTRAP TOW MEN
take Gladys on the road, but her parents
have determine-i to take her to New York
shortly and have her trained by profes
sionals. ...
Fred and Hazel Nelson are two little
tots- that impersonate Uncle Sam and
Miss Columbia in the "Brownies in Fairy
land " They are counted among the clev
erest of the 200 children that will take
part in the mammoth production. , They
do a pleasing specialty during the per
formance. The entertainment will no
doubt prove popular, especially to the
younger generation. .
Three of the cleverest of these San
Francisco prodigies will appear at the
Orpheum in the near future. One is
Maude Sorensen. the versatile and edu
cated little miss who appeared here once
before. Maude and Gladys Sorensen and
Master Tom Dunn appear In a clever
ketch entitled "The Manager's Fate."
In the sketch the versatile Maude ap
pears as a society belle, a leading lady,
a swell society dude, a coon song and
dance artist and a ballet dancer. It is
claimed for this San Francisco child that
as a ballet dancer she is already recog
nized as the equal of Cavalazzl. Barthos
and others. Gladys Sorensen and Master
Tom Dunn are also artistic performers.
After the engagement at the Orpheum
the trio will journey East and then to
Europe.
TWO EXCEPTIONALLY CLEVER
YOUNG ARTISTS OF "BROWNIES
IN FAIRYLAND" COMPANY.
U. E. Tyson, secretary o( tnls organization,
has received a letter from United States Coun
sel Orlando H. Baker of Sydney, Australia. In
which he says: "The Tyson who died some
two years ago was named James. He had a.
brother and sisters In this country, among
whom the estate has been divided. There wa3
a sister, Margaret, who died in England. A
search has been made for her children, whether
successful or not I. cannot say. There is a.
legal contest going- on in Queensland to coi
led an Inheritance tax from this estate, tne
authorities of Queensland claiming that Ty
son was a resident of that state. There is no
chance for any persons to obtain any share
now In the above npmed estate unless they
can show that they are descendants of the de
ceased Margaret."
AUSTIN', Texas, Oct. 4.— Some time ago
published notice wrs made in this country that
James Tyson had died In Australia, having an
estate of several million dollars which was
held there awaiting legal claimants. . A larga
number of Texas people who could trace their
kinship to the deceased millionaire formed an
organization with a view of pressing their
claims for shares of the fortune.
in Australia Has Already Been
Distributed.
Wealth They Thought Awaited Them
TYSONS OF TEXAS
HEAR DISMAL NEWS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The Postom=e
I>epartment to-day issued the following::
Postoffice established: "Washington — Loch
sloy, Snohomish County. Malcolm McFar
lane Postmaster. Postmaster commission
ed: Oregon— Annie A. Johnston, Adel.
Appointed: Oregon— Olive E. Parsons.
Creswell. Lane County, vice Tryphenia.
Teffany, resigned!, f
J. W. .Hansbrough was awarded the
contract for the construction of a cabin
passenger house at the San Francisco
Quarantine station at a. cost of J9S17.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Albert E. Agene Holloway,
San Ffancisco. $6; Valentine Dreacher,
Sacrareento, $10. Increase — Francisco
Grlmley, San Francisco, $12: Andrew Mc-
Donald, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10 Wal
lace Buell, Santa Ana, $3.
Oregon: Original— James Lahey, Pert
land, $6: Dexter Field, Salem, $3. Increase
— Marvin S. 'Wood. Eagle Point, $17; Lu
ther King. Blodgett, $12.
Washington: Original— Alexander Mc-
Cormick, Seattle, $6.
Changes Made in the Postal Servica
and More New Pensions
Granted.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Its policy will be to place the price m
the Kern River field at least as high as 50
cents.- Should that price be established
and a pipe line be laid to San Francises
Bay, oil could probably be sold in San
Francisco for about $1.
The combine will control from 65 per
cent upward of the output of the Kern
River field, while of the remainder a con
siderable proportion is contracted for a
series of years, leaving but a small per
centage outside of the combine free to en
ter Into competition in the markets. It i3
consequently believed that the combine
will be able to control the price of oil up
to a certain point.
The committee appointed to appraise
the assets of the various companies has
reached an agreement, and its report is
acceptable to the leading stockholders and
officers of the larger comi>anies.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 4.-The great com
bination of Kern River oil companies is
about to be consummated, and the ques
tion of entering the combine. Involving a
total capital of ((0,000,000, will be submit
ted to the stockholders of the various
companies operating in that -field within a
week or ten days.
Report of Appraisers Acceptable to
the Larger Kern County
Companies.
CIL PRODUCERS' COMBINE
NEABING CONSUMMATION"
Persistent reports have been current
for four days to the effect that President
Castro's Venezuelan forces at Tachirj.
suffered defeat at the hands of General
Rangel Garbiras and his Colombian Con
servative supporters September 25 and 26.
According to another report General
Uribe-Uribe is fleeing from Tachira as a.
result of the recent defeat. According to
other reports General Uribe-Uribe was
killed. -¦
• A correspondent here nas received the
following message from a correspondent
in the field: «,
"On the road between Sinamaica, Vene
zuela, and La Hacha, Colombia, Guaija
Peninsula, September 29— General Davi
las' first tight at Curoga was an absolute?
rout. Five Venezuelan battalions of 4:ej
men each were engaged and the Colom
bians are estimated at the same number.
General Echeverria was killed on the bat
ticneld and not shot by the Colombians.
After Echeverria was killed Generals Da
vila, Clodomlro Castillo and Emllio Cas
tro, a brother of President Castro, fled
from the field". Another battalion then
broke. ' The three remaining battalions
kept up the fighting until routed. About
600 were killed on the Venezuelan side, in
cluding thirty minor officers. The In
dians ambushed General Davilas' retreat
ing vanguard, composed or 200 men, and
annihilated it."
It is reported that Mendoza, President
Castro's Minister of Finance, was shot at
at Caracas October 1 by a would-be as
sassin who missed him.
WIL.LEMSTAD, Oct. 4.— From an abso
lutely authoritative "source it was ascer
tained to-day that President Castro on
September 30 ordered the Immediate im
prisonment of all nationalists in Vene
zuela. . Affairs at Tachlra are substantial
ly. as follows:
President Castro on September 26
ordered Celestino . Castro,- one of his
brothers, and General Uribe-Uribe, com
manders of the Venezuelan forces on Ta
chira frontier, to attack the Colombians
under General Rangel Garbiras. General
Uribe-Uribe on September 27 ordered the
guerrilla bands under General Rovira to
attack the rear guard of the Colombian
Government troops, with tne result that
the Colombian Government troops under
General Valencia utterly destroyed Gene
ral Rovlra's outfit.
James H. ilcLeary, Assistant Secretary
of Porto Rico, was agreed upon for Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of that island,
vice Abielle, resigned.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— At to-day's
Cabinet meeting the matter of granting
the application of the Postal Telegraph
Company for permission to land at San
Francisco, Guam. Honolulu and the Phil
ippines a cable to connect all of the
United States' new possessions in the Pa
cific was discussed, the Attorney General
stating that one week from to-day he
would be prepared to place before the
President his opinion on the question of
the President's right to grant the appli
cation should he decide to do so, together
with a statement showing what steps
Congress has taken In the matter and tne
precedents for executive action.
New Supreme Court Justice
Agreed On for Porto
Rico.
Sevejal Hundred the Num
ber Killed in a Recent
Battle.
l-j EVERAL San Francisco young-
stcrs are winning ¦ fame as juve-
nile performers, j and one who is
attracting a great deal of atten
tion is Gladys Montague, the pret
ty little daughter of Phil Montague.
Gladys Is one of the stars of the "Brown
ies in Fairyland" company, which opens
at the Alhambra Theater to-day. Though
Glady^is but 9 years of age she has al-
Attorney General Pre
paring Opinion for
President.
President Castro Takes
Severe Measures in
Venezuela.
Panama Railroad Well Guarded and No Sign of Fighting Along Its
• Line — Keelhauling the American Ship Lucile,
Clever Tots Appearing in "Brownies in Fairyland/'
for Whom Bright Futures Are Predicted.
PROBING LAW
ON GABLE PLAN
NATIONALISTS
ARE IN PRISON
CRUISER RANGER IS HOME AGAIN
FROM WAR IN CENTRAL AMERICA
JUVENILES OF THE CITY
WHO ARE WINNING FAME
THE SAN ITKAJNOISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
I Pears', the soap that
'clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
ircgEietsj ajl sorts of people use JL
j;?i . How About
Your Heart
Feel your pulse a few minutes.
• Is it regular? Are you short of
breath, after slight exertion
as going up stairs, sweeping,
walking, etc? Do you have
pain in left breast, side or
between shoulder blades, chok-
ing .sensations, fainting or
smothering spells, inability to
lie on left side? If you have
any of these symptoms you
certainly have a weak heart,
and should immediately take
MUeV Heart Cure
Mr. F. H. Oaks of Jamestown, N. Y, ,
whose genial face appears above, says:
"Excessive use of tobacco seriously
affected my heart. I suffered severe
pains about the heart, and in the left
shoulder and side; while the palpitation
would awaken me from my sleep. I
beean taking Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
and soon found permanent relief."
Sold by all Drugs ists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.5DHE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTpBER 5, 1901,
12
HELP WANTED—- MALE-— Con.
AT CR. HANSEN & CO/S.".^ .".".'.'.104 "deary st.
Railroad Work .....:: Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR TRUCKEE
FOR TRUCKEE'
100 laborers ;...-..:....$l 75 to $2 a day
1 ..:..... FOR NEVADA
• FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters ..¦ • $ 2
100 laborers ............C ?2
..FOR CHATSWORTH PARK..
50 drillers and tunnelmen.... $2 to $2 50
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
Strong, active man to drive delivery wagon,
city, $12 a week; hostler, city. $50; carpenter,
country, $2 50 a day and found : blacksmiths,
farmers, milkers, choremen and others. •
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, near city, $14 a ' week ; second cooks,
broilers and fryers, city and country, $40 to
$60; sllverman, hotel, city. $30; dishwashers.
kitchen bands, $23 to $30; porters, bellboys and
others.
C. R. HANSEN- & CO.... ...... ..104 Geary st.
BOSS BARBERS. ATTENTION!
There will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers'- Association of San Francisco at 102
O'Farrell. st.,' Tuesday evening, October 8, at
9 o'clock, to consider and discuss matters of
Interest to every boss barber of San Fran-
cisco who employs one or more men. ¦
Your welfare is concerned, so do not fail to
be. present S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. ¦
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS. .
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEX.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15 No. 4 California st.
BRIDGE AND "WHARF BUILDERS EM-
• ... PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction Co.,
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. .& Co..
Dundon Bridge and Construction Co.,
Healey, Tibbitts & Co.,
• Hyde Construction Co.,
Darby Laydon & Co.,
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co.,
Thomson Bridge Co., ¦ ,
Robt. Wakefleld. . ,
WANTED— First-class basters on coats. Ap-
ply at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary, st. -
WANTED— Under-presser on vests. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary St.
WANTED— First-class pressers on coats. Ap-
ply at factory of S. . N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
Al WRAPPER wanted. S. N. "WOOD & CO..
718 Market st.
WANTED— An assistant bookkeeper for an In-
surance office, who has had experience; self-
written application with references. Address
box 551. Call office.
YOUNG man, industrious,, willing and of good
habits,, to be generally useful In a hotel and
saloon; wages $15 per month; references. Val-
lejo Express. 511 Market st. 2 to 4 p. m.
"WANTED — Man who can hustle; extraordinary
inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553, Call ofllce.
WANTED— Second cooks, waiters, porters,
dishwashers, vegetablemen; also experienced
restaurant steward; no fee. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— House painting and paper hanging
' In exchange for dental work and part cash.
264- O'Farrell st.
PAINTERS, non-union: no of flee fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st,
room 24. . ,
WANTED— Boy to make himself generally
useful. S. ROSENTHAL & CO.. 937 Market.
BOY wanted. WAKELEE & CO., Sutter and
Polk sts. ' - .
ERRAND boy wanted In dry goods store. Call
at 9:30 a. m. O'DWYER CO., Inc.,, 62 Third.
WANTED — A parcel boy. Apply with refer-
ence, EAGLESON & CO., 74S and 750 Market.
BOY. wanted; night work. .212. O'Farrell st- ,-
WANTED— 3 good men to solicit In the coun-
try. Apply at the Royal Portrait Co., 143 "th.
BOY wanted— Must have references. Apply 342
Geary st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
¦ to 50c. 563 Mission St. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Bright, intelligent youth with some
experience In office work. Box 529, Call office.
COOK wanted at 330 Main st; wages $20.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.
WANTED— A shoe treer. Wentworth-Swltzer
Shoe Co.,» 26 Main st.
EXPERIENCED, sober bedmaker wanted. Call
at 9 o'clock at 149 Third' st.
"WANTED— Experienced second cook for restau-
rant; call early; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason.
WANTED — Strong boy for wholesale house.
Address stating age. box S68, Call office.
EXPERIENCED boxmaker to nail boxes;
-state where last employed. Box 569, Call.
BOY wanted for store. 437 Montgomery St.,
near Sacramento.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 415 Brannan st. •
ELDERLY man around house and experienced
boxmaker at 639 Clay st. .
"WANTED— Young man to help in bakery.- 3116
Sixteenth" St.," near Valencia,"
WANTED — Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply at HALE BROS., before U a. m.
WANTED — Young man as delivery bill clerk;
must be acquainted -with location of streets.
Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak acd read Knclish. For
further Information apply at the ', Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
FOREMAN blacksmith for large city shop;
must be first-class man on heavy work, ex-
perienced steel -worker; answer, stating shop
In which trade was learned, experience and
salary expected; only flrst-class, steady men
need apply. Box 520, Call office.
TO tailors' assistants — Salesman wanted; must
be acquainted with the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st .
WANTED— Vise hand and Iron worker; men-
tion wages expected, experience and where
last employed: steady work, city shop. Box
534. Call office. ¦ - "
WANTED— A flrst-class wire worker, who also
: can do light Iron and grille work. Write to
Pacific Railing and Plating .Works. Seattle,
Wash. . '
"WANTED — A first-class Job shop plater: must
do his own polishing and buffing. Write at
once to Pacific Railing and Plating Works,
Seattle. Wash. '
FIRST-CLASS tailor who Is capable of taking
charge of large coat shop; state last place of
employment and wages expected; steady Job
for right man. Box 611, Call office.
WANTED— Flrst-class barber: wages $15 a
week to start with. PETER DOLLHOPF.
Merced,- Cal.
ERRAND boy wanted for Jewelry. store; state
age and references. Box 802, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 363 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1 DISHWASHER. "Montrose," 1020 Van Ness
avenue. ¦ ,
YOUNG strong boy to learn confectionery and
.bakery. 1205 Polk St.. near Sutter. \
BARBER shop— Good-paying city shop wanted.
Box 516. Call office. .
2 GOOD mill bench hands and 2 sash and door
men. Apply PACIFIC COAST LUMBER and
MILL CO., Second and Grove sts., Oakland.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages.
Delivery Dept. Western Union Telegraph
- Company, 300" Montgomery st
OPERATOR on coats; steady! work; good pay-
first-class tailors on custom coats. 541 Mar-
ket st ,, ¦
EXPERIENCED salesman to canvas: city gro-
cers; give experience and ref. Box 725, Call.
WANTED— A manufacturing Jeweler and nol-
Isher. Box 711. Call office. ,
WANTED— Oysterman. 113 Ellis st
WANTED— A- porter; call early; wages $40
Monogram Saloon, 152 East st.
WANTED— A heel builder. ¦ 134 Main st.
WANTED— A Goodyear operator on weltlnir
stitching, range rounding. Box 5.15,, Call.
BUSHELMAN for country. Apply RENq
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. KiSISS
STRONG, intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn machinist trade. 503 Mission st. :
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 7U\ Howard.
6AILORS. ordinary, for ships for all Darts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
M £ IM 2 N " A , Lr> PE R RY haw 500 palr» second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. - 241 Third st. •
PENSION atty.. E. - A. BulHs. r. 40 Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
HELP WANTED— MALE— C»». .
WANTED— Stevedores. • seamen. 5 r tS2 > «- C 2Sr-
passers. cooks and waiters; good **&>*< »*?•
feet protection afforded on ? I^ w *J,Jl5 a^
where employes are boarded and lodged or
steamer lying alongside; men working
the company and giving »*"sfactton_at thi
time will be given preference *« future, ap
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors." stevedores. dremM,
laboreis; steady employment; K?°°.,2^?*f":
Lumber Dealers' Association. 203 . Examinei
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador Countv. Cal.: wages for 2-horse team-
sters, $2 per day; wages for 4- horse team-
stera, $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per ween.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake MmliU to.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St.. room 23. San Fran-
ciaco. Cal. ¦•>' :<¦— ¦:
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; tools donated; r ™ltlons «^ a ran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; loO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms. Irea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry;
HORSES AJfD WACOXj.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
¦Wednesday, . October 9. at 11 a. m.. at .the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth St. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sale3 yard. 1732 Market St.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F. _^
FINE mare 5 years old; cart, light covered top
road buggy; 'bargain. 4161 26th: Call Sunday.
FOR sale^-Fine horse. Twenty-sixth and Ala-
bama sts. '
HAND-MADE coupe cheap. Box 68. Call office.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. "21 Howard st. .-. __
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 O. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wago^
Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st. .
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. B10 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. d?an.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Vnn^
HOUSES TO LET.
X PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
RENT $55—2941 Fillmcre st, near Green; a
brand new house of 9 rooms and bath; hot ale
furnace and every modern convenience; hard-
wood floors; house finished in latest style;
handsomely decorated and tinted; has nevet
been occupied.
$50— HANSOME large residence opposite Buena
Vista Park, 1164 Haight st; garden, yard, at-
tlc and basement. Apply premises. 10 to 2.
HOUSES TO LET FCSXISHED.
TO rent furnished— 8-room house on Washing-
ton st.; facing Presidio; marine view; moil -
' ern improvements; rent $60. Box 549. Call.
A SUNNY cottage. S rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees: Alameda; M block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
LOST AND FOUND. - —
LOST — Small plush Jewelry box containing: 5
turquoise and diamond rings. 1 emerald ar.il
diamond ring, 1 pair turquoise and diamond
earrings. 1 diamond stud. Finder will be
¦ liberally rewarded by returning same to 587
Waller St.. corner Pierce.
LOST — Or stolen from 523 Baker st on Septem-
ber 30, black cocker spaniel dog, answering- to
name Romeo; wore' tag No. 2154. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 1915 Filbert st. ; no ques-
tions asked.
"WILL the young lady -who was seen to pick
up a purse in the Central Theater Thursday
evening please return same to box office ol
the theater.
LOST— At Union Square Hall. Wednesday
night, pair oC eyeglasses -with. case-. Return
to 730 Gousrh st. and receive reward.
LOST— If party finding velvet box containing
earrings and three rings will return them to
587 "Waller st they will receive $106 reward.
LOST — October 4, cameo locket; picture of lady
and child inside. Finder return to 607 Mont-
gomery st; suitable reward.
LOST— At Alhambra Ladles' Auxiliary meeting,
blue silk beaded bag with card case, purse!
keys; liberal reward. MRS. JANVIER, 1613
Bush st. -
LOST— A Gordon setter puppy about 9 months
old; answers to name Rover. Return to 1C33
Washington st. and receive reward.
FOUND— Lady's boa.- Call 500»Halght st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND -PItlOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st •
tel. Bush 421. - "
MINES AND MIXING.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?" -
If you do. buy some stock in the Homestaks
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on install-
ment; limited number shares for sale- price
will be advanced to 40c per share November 1'
prospectuses mailed on application "
HOMESTAKE GOLD MINIXO CO
601 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlnenT^'^McI
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barrozn chairs, linoleum new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock o£
ealoon outfits on hand; 22 complete outnta on
one floor, ready made; we can ship overythlne
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013, 1021 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale of old . coins-Coins
may be seen and bids may be made at 520
\Valsworth ave.. Oakland. Saturday or Mon-
day. L. A. SPENCER. Administrator.
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones. $5 to
wnSj mLX ch »dren's toy graphophones.
$1 60; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
WATCHES. Jewelry, rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, silver & precious stones. 14 Me \1-
llster st.. room 16. WM. MUND.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper suit-
able for carpenter shop; also No. 2 Hooker
steam pump. 843 Howard st
DOUBLE cylinder friction dram hoist and
boiler; nearly new; $400. H. S. WHITE 516
Mission st. '
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO CO
3-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stock-
ton at
CASH register (Hallivood>; brand new- 136-
reduction. Apply H.' F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia st
1901 RAMBLERS Eagles, light Stearns. Sneli
and others: 2d-hand bicycles: cheap- send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larfcln »l
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 73 PolT
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny stl. near Pine*
A . COM J > H^ T 5 seco nd-hand standard oil Otnu
Ing rig. 302 Call bldg.. bet. 10 a. m. and 12 m.
SEVENTY-HORSE water tube boiler- 90xl«
Troy mangle. 175 Tenth st. wuer « ™«
GOOD flrewood for sale cheap. Apply RlsdS
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beate ital
A g^ie 1 ; f r Tc S h h £gg g^Kg^g-^ ' «*i
FERSHTAND. 128 Kearny st, room 29.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Cob.
A— MRS. M.-E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main- 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT............
Head waitress, . city ;. J30
"Waitress, city ,... ;........S25
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels........... $20
2 ¦ restaurant waitresses :..' $7 week
3 chambermaids to wait... ..........$20
:.*':...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. Bakersfleld, . $30; housegirl, Mar-
tinez, $20; fancy lroner, $1 50 per day; 2 cooks,
$30; second- girl, $20; housegirl, $30; • many
other choice places..... ....;
• MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
GIRL wanted; good wages; must be able to
cook. Call to-day at 25 Baker st, W. C.
CARPENTER. , .
WANTED— For office, young lady able to give
mandolin instructions. Call Sat: -from 2. to -4
, p. m.. room 40, Academy of Sciences bldg.
GIRLS to learn bonnaz "embroidery business;
also experienced applique cutters. ¦ 21 Powell
St., room, 36. " . . ...
PROTESTANT girl waitress and pantry; or-
phanage; .Alameda County; $20. Box 554,
Call office.
HONEST young woman for cashier. Apply,
early at California Restaurant, 105 California
Market. * . . \ .
WOMAN for plain cooking and light house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 579 Harrison st.
WAITRESS wanted. 204 Sixth st.
WANTED— A wetnurse. Apply DR. LEWITT,
500 Van Ness ave., 1 to 3 p. m. '. .
NEAT,' respectable German girl; housekeeping;
plain cooking; wages $20. 851 Fulton st. .
WANTED— A nursegirl willing to help with
housework at 2716 Sacramento, st
GIRL to care for child. Apply at 4020 Eight-
eenth st ; call after 3 p. m.
EXPERIENCED lady canvasser; salary and
. commission. 716 Emma . Spreckels building.
WANTED— Neat, - experienced girl in candy
store. Call at 485 Valencia st.
MACHINE' operators and | hand eewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3?yi
Fremont st. ; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching and
manicuring taught In two weeks; . entire
course, $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 143
Stockton St., > room . 15.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy, and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factor}', corner Gough •
and Grove sts. - . •¦ ¦ ,
WANTED— A strong stock" girl for cloak and
suit department. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO..
corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mkt.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; light, pleasant work.
Knitting mill of GANTNER & MATTERN,
1017 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST., 6th floor.
AT 233 Third * ave., Sutter or Geary st. cars-
American nursegirl, 18 to -30 years; wages,
$15; references. Apply to-day before 3 o'clock.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steady
work. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Three young girls to work In lodg-
lng- house. Apply 442 Pacific st
APPRENTICE for hairdresslng at G. LED-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
FINISHERS on ladles' tailor Jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S, 914 Market st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
wages $18. 3899 Twenty- fourth, cor. Sanchez.
"WANTED— Protestant girl; general housed
work;, two, adults;. $20. . J. -B.. .box -707. Call.
FINISHER wanted; also one for machine. 916
Market St., room 82. ., < • •
HOUSEWORK; partial care of baby. 721 De-
vlsadero st... . . *
WANTED— Neat, experienced girl in candy
store. Call at 845 Valencia st. . .
GIRL wanted for housework; must sleep home.
286 Lexington ave., corner Twentieth st ¦
GIRL for light housework; good home. 1217
York st, between 24th and 25th.
GIRLS .to put up perfumes; $3 per week; refer-
ences. Box 723, Call office. --' . --. ...
OPERATORS wanted on "flannel underwear.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 - Mlaalon St.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. ... . : -._•• .-.;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call •: ranch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .: ./ N . . '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
. Want 7 a. m. to-day
FREE FARE FREE FREE FARE
UKIAH UKIAH
.: UKIAH UKIAH
Ship laborers and teamsters to Uklah Free
60 teamsters, Uklah j... ...... ...Free fare
50 laborers, Ukiah .' Free fare
50 men, steel, rock and extra gangs Ukiah
FREE FARE JfREE FARE
WE SHIP DAILY :....:
LOOK HERE FOR THE MINES
10 laborers, 1 no experience required, for a
large mining company.; $42 and found
5 laborers for a small mine.:.. $30 and found
Single-hand miners jso
..DRILLERS, NORTH. REDUCED FARES..
10 drillers for a large company, north, $75, see
boss here
10 laborers, no experience required, same com-
pany $67 50, see boss here
: MISCELLANEOUS
Brickmason's helper for a mine $75
Bench hand, $3 day; furnace man $65
Handy man, country furniture store.... $2 day
Young man, some experience, carpet store,
$10 week; milk wagon driver, city, $25 and
found
3 stablemen and hostlers, city, $60, $50 and
$30 and found.. ....;
Buggy washer, $35 and found; 2 young men
to work In machine shop.. $1 50 a day
5 laborers, no experience, factory work, $1 75
a day ...: ........j. •
Choreman and wife, $2 50 fare.. .$45 and found
Man to try and link sausages.: $13 50 week
4" teamsters, same ranch $26 and found
15 farm and orchard hands.. $26 and $30 and fd
Butter-makers, milkers, etc.. $40 and $30 & fd
5 men to work In fruit and dry yards.. $30 & fd
10 teamsters, city.... $12 and $15 week
10 two and four horse teamsters, . country, $2
and $2 25 day
Z0 grape pickers, $1 fare....... $1 50 day
10 laborers, city.... ..-........$60
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
work In mills, yards and woods, $35 to $55
and found '. . ; .
10 laborers, mills and yards, Sonoma Co... $30
Hook tender, sawmill company.. $35 to $45' & fd
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop. — $40 and found
Second cook '....."....... .$9* week
Porter and open oysters, 1 saloon, $7 a week
and board .' ......;.
Sausage-maker, $15 a week; 2 butchers, $52
and $60; 7 cooks, $40 and $50; waiter, north.
$30; 6 waiters, different country 'hotels. $$C;
beef lugger, $2 25 a day.. '.
Bakery -wagon driver $45 and found
MURRAY & READY.......... 634-636 Clay st.
ENGINEER and choreman for ranch, $30 and
. found; 2 men for hunting club,' $23 and found;
4 men to repack cement, $2 day; driver for
.milk wagon, $25 and found; stickerman and
matcher, 30c an hour; stickerman and wood-
turner, $3 day; driver for laundry wagon, $25
and found; butcher, boys; boys for store; men
and wives,. $40 " and $50;, 20. teamsters "for
country, $2 and $2 25 day: laborers, drillers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., , 623
I Sacramento st. ¦ ¦ . . : >'.
ENGLISH, Scotch or American, baker for
country, $50 and found; cook, country hotel,
$70; second cook, $40; broiler for Saturday
and Sunday, $2 50 day; 2 oyster cooks, $40;
waiters, dishwashers- and -others. J. F.
. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. nr. Call bids; phone Bush ¦ 405.
.......Railroad' Teamsters and Laborers..'.....
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
B0 railroad teamsters for Ukiah... '..$2 to $2 25
60 laborers for Ukiah $2 per. day
10 quarrymen. country $2 per day
6 lumber pliers,* country.. ; $2 per day
6 quarrymen.......... ..$1 50 per day and board
10 teamsters, city.. ..........:...$2 per day.
10 teamsters, • city $1 25 per day and board
6 men to work around buildings. .$1 75 per day
15 laborers, new Job near citx-.....$2 per flay
A— W. D..EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. ~~
Cook, country hotel......". ....i.$40
House servant and plain gardening $25
Ranch cook, Alameda County... ' ;...$30
Baker," country shop ..$50 and found
Baker's helper, country..... $25
Ranch ¦ teamster .....;. $26-
10 laborers, fare .reduced... ....... .$2 25 a day
Laborer for foundry $175 a day
Choreman v f or ranch $30
2 laborers for mine. ....$2 a day
Driver, for milk wagon, Oakland......... $27 50
Elevator boy, city..... ..$12 and found
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st •_¦• .
Waiter for college, $20; waiter, country, $30;
young man to tend to garden, etc., inslltu-
;tlon, $25; omnlbu3 for hotel, $30; cook, coun-
try, $50; young man on a ranch, $1 day;~ dish-
washer for confectionery, $25; helper for dell- j
cacy store, : $20, etc. ... . " ; * , .. : : 1
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26. Montgomery, .; r. 12 1
; Night watchman & 'fireman, $20; bellboy, $15. j
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for!
a plain every day business; will pay $60 to
j $65 a I month ; experience . not -. required ; . place
.permanent. Apply 765 Market st. room 3.. 1
CL AIRVO TANTS— c'ontlnqea. ";' : _-
MRS. E. l: DAVIS, the great-, clairvoyant
card reader; ladies 25c. gents 50c. 28 aixthst.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from : Louisiana;
only 10c; from l.to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. Fourth.
MRS...BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 1 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; ¦ send
stamp for dr.; L., -25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. " 1149 Mission.- over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. " 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send 'to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511Vi Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c;renovated;relaid.- 105 - 14th ' st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St..
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. . .
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st. room 307. •
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; large grounds;
rents $37 50. 3491 17th st, cor. Guerrero.'
I ?6— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth $12 in city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., -oft Third.
DENTISTS.
A-lSiT." T. "sTTSlGGINs" ~927~ MarkeT~street
j Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
I for' painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates," bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, 15; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. ;
I YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
I going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth Et.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,$3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St. . . -
I DR. R. L. "WALSH 815%Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
I less extraction 50c, -plates- $5 up ;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
nmlner hulMInc: formerly In Murphy bldtr.
I DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. RIO Onld*>n Gat* ave. ¦
rmiSSSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & -Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns wit. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Port, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
UUICAT1O.XAI,.
AYRES' Leading B^JsTnTsT^oTic^er^rMarket^
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
[ complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of. the . Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition f.",0 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
Ftructor Geo. II. Boke of Jurisprudence dept.
I A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
( MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $60; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan 'or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings; lessons In mathematics, mechanics
,and drawings: send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth st. J. F. KLENCK. -
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 3C5 Larkin st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D..' dean. Donohoe bldg.. S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School.
associated with theatrical agency securing
I positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
¦ rottbldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, m'ech. sur-
« vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners-, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is.TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott. building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc.. for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st."
SPANISH, French.etcProf.DeFilippe'sAcademy
orLanguages,320Post; estab' d 1S71; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st,
Chicago Business College. 1433 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils, pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st - . "
I ACTING — Send to Crand Opera-house for clr-
j cular of Grand Opera-houge School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
PROF. L. 1IERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY ¦ and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. St., 8.1. F.;
founded It63; new SO-page catalogue free."- ;rr
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : f5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
-EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
JAPANESE and Chinese help~oF~aii kinds!
cooks, waiters and . house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. •
CHINESE and Japanese ! Employment ¦ Office —
Best help. 411 % O'Farrell st; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish -most
reliable help. S24 Bush st; "tel. Bush 616. :
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese Chi-
¦ nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter;- tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMI'LOYJIEXT A\ ANTED— FKMALkT
STYLISH dressmaker wishes work; $150 per
day; good cutter, fitter; satisfactory work
done; suits remodeled. Address A. D., 1941
Mission Bt. ¦; . ¦¦..-...
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
housework and French and German cooking;
references; wages $25 to_$30. 605% Stockton.
WANTED — General housework in small Ameri-
can family by American woman; good cook;
references; wages $25. Address box 578. Call.
2 YOUNG ladles 'wish positions In a hotel as
nurse girls; sleep home. 265^4 Clementina st
A CAPABLE woman desires position as assist-
ant bookkeeper. Box 528, Call office. ¦ " , -. ;
WOMAN wants chamber work and assist; ref-
erences. Box £67, -Call office. ¦.•¦•'¦¦:..•
WOMAN wishes . to • do mending and sewing
4 602 Minna St., room ,<. - ,-. . . -
YOUNG lady graduate of Heald's Buslnestf'Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and type-
, writer (no shorthand); wages no object: Ad-
dregs G. HARRISON. IPV4 Patton st.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do housework
or secend work. Call 1238 Mission st. •
WINCHESTER* House. 44 Third st, near Mar-*
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to 51 50 per night; %1 50 to
16 week: convenient and respectable; . free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry. • '¦
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman ' wishes position as working
« housekeeper: city or country. . Box 544, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription"!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
1 A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - ...
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
AN honest young man living with parents
wants a position with a wholesale firm where
there is a chance for advancement; wages no
object; best of references furnished. Box
525. Call ofllce. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ ; " :"
WANTED by a" married man, sober and steady
—A position In stable; city or country; is
stranger in city"; best of references. Box 548,
Call. , ¦ ¦ '
WANTED— Position with lumber or mill com- |
pany : by young man of ability and wide ex-
perience; graduate of an ¦ Eastern, school.
Box 531. Call ofllce. ' -
A POSITION'as watchman" or Janitor Is' want-
¦ ed by one who is strictly temperate. Box 530,
Call office. - : .--.-"¦'.
WANTED-^Positlon - as salesman or shipping
clerk by an active young man; well connect-
ed; good at 'figures. Box 555, Call office.
RELIABLE .man wants position as: norter In
¦commission-house; best of reference; can fur-
nish security bond If necessary. Box 533, Call.
DENTIST desires a position as assistant in
" office; references given if desired. Box 547,
Call office. ; »
A GENTLEMAN, honest,- . reliable, with best
reference, wants collecting to do. ¦ • Box 546,
Call ofllce. ,.' :'
EXPERT operator and demonstrator of steam
carriages desires position; also capable- sales-
man. Box 526, Call office. •
SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; can milk; handy with tools. Box
777. Call office^ .
MAN and wife wish positions; city or country;
references. Box 539, Call office. "
RELIABLE middle-aged German wishes posi-
tion as watchman. G. VOSS, 221 Second st.
A PRACTICAL tailor (cutter) wishes situation.
Box 550, Call office.
PERSONS who may have need of the services,
but whose business does not warrant the em-
ployment of a bookkeeper, can have their
books written up and cared for by an expe-
rienced man on reasonable terms; highest
references. Address H. B. L., box 705. Call.
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy American, good
references, wants country or private place to
care for during owner's absence;- accustomed
to orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening,
etc; moderate wages./ Box 508, Call office.
"WANTED — Porter- or Janitor work • by • expe-
rienced strong man; good habits; Industrious;
all around man; references unquestionable;
wages no object. Box 709, Call office.
STEADY man ¦ wants position In wholesale
warehouse or factory; good all around man;
wages not less than $1 75 per day. Box 521,
Call office. ' •
INTELLIGENT' young man desires' employ-
ment for a few hours every evening; can fur-
' ntsh first-class references. Address box 519,
Call office. , .
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk In whole-
sale business; Is acquainted with shipping of
goods; best of references can be given. Box
S03. Call office.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man; good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chinery. C. McG., 713 Mission St.
ELDERLY man wishes situation as handy man
about place In city or country; small wages;
¦ good gardener, and handy with horses. Box
743. Call office. j .
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeper; terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box 822, Call office. "•
AS planing mill foreman by woodworking ma-
chinist; yard and office experience. Box
713, Call office.-
YOUNG Englishman. 24. respectable, willing
and of good habits, wishes employment of
any kind.'- Box 524, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, . thoroughly understands
his business, can take care of horses and milk
cows; .best references. E. M.', Box 535, Call.
PACKER and shipper; glass, china and gen-
eral merchandise; middle-aged; want steady
Job; reference* Box 514. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS" house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, . 20 Prospect
place.
WISH place as cook In boarding-house or In-
stitution in the city. Address CHEE & LING.
20 Prospect place.
YOUNG Japanese boy . wishes situation as a
school boy. FRANK. OGAWA, 515 O'Farrell.
YOUNG Jnpanese boy situation as a
school boy. FRANK IWASAKI..515 O'Farrell.
YOUNG Japanese • boy wishes situation as a
school boy. . GEO. OBATA, 583 Geary st.
WHO wants a good cook? Please call at
CHONG WING & CO.. 902 Clay st. ; local.
CHINESE boy, first-class cook, pood refer-
ences, wants position In high family; city or
country. Address box 509, Call office."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A- BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ; has been established at 1096
Valencia ft. ".'.-.- ¦¦"¦"¦
i EXCHANGE.
SHIP owners — Exchange $8000 equity city, front
property for small steamboat. P. O. box 478,
Santa Cruz. ,. ¦ ¦
FINANCIAL. '
COMPANIES promoted ¦ and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326. Post st.
TACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. . (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
plncing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated ;¦ stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. ~~
A— NEW, sunny, 4 rooms, porcelain bath.
1421 Green st, near Van" Ness ave.
FINE flat. 5 rooms and bath; basement; nice
yard. 1?2 Castro St., near Fifteenth.
$25 — NEW 7-room upper 'flat, yard, basement.
Inclosed porch. 4008 .Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
4 ROOMS; rent $9. 1711 Market st, opposite
Halght. , j
$16— SIX rooms, bath, in good order, lower part.
12 Guy place, oft First, above Folsom st. . -j
NEW sunny lower'flat, 7 rooms;'-' modern, up-
to-date; see 1 to 5 -daily.- Van Ness & Union. '
DESIRABLE 6-room flat and bath; $23. Apply
premises from 2 to 5. 1920 Fillmore st. i
UPPER flat, 4 rooms and ; bath; sun all day;
rent cheap. 1414^ Castro st ,
GROVE. 1615, near Lyon — Sunny -upper flat, 6 ;
rooms, bath, yard, cellar: Golden Gate Park.
SUNNY S-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay win-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417%. Third st.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; flrst-class condition. 7108 Baker at.
FLATS T'» LET — FURNISHED^
FURNISHED flat,' 1319B Pine st. ; 8 rooms and
bath; piano and telephone; rent $55. A. J.
RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLEr7~128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOK SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
U— Solid oak- chair; factory price. ¦ •;
- J2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission,, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market*.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
3000 YARDS carpet: leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. P. GREENWALT. 708 Valencia st.
¦ -;:.-.• : fcukitdki: - wasted. . ¦ :.
CAL. Auction Co., 14f2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, . etc. ; , phone Jessie 2071. ' ¦ ¦'
A. .WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., • pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel." Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, . 928 Howard st. ;
1 tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A: L. STORRS..634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
.2782; highest price paid- for. rurnlture, carpets.
TEL. . Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. .CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
'^^^j^^^-^^}j2y^jt^j^.^' ' ' " ¦
D. & F. .new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 36 Montgomery, room 12.
/¦Waitresses, city and country, $20. ;. • .;.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418~Pow7ll St.— Help of
all nationalities to fill various positions.
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill St., between
-.Twenty-first and Twenty-second, sts. .".
TAILORESS to niake buttonholes. A. KAHN,
142 Geary st. = ¦ ? ; . ' •: ; ,
DRY goods saleslady wanted; French speaking.
• Box- 545, Call i office.. ¦¦¦¦ :•; - - ;
¦AST FRASCISCO - CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of .The Sari Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open" until 9:30 p.m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
689 McAlIUter street; open until 8:30 p. m.
015 Larkin street; open until 9:30 d. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ¦ open
until 4 i>. m. ...
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. •
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until, 9 p. xn. ' _ ',
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. M., • ¦
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- _/\_
ING. Oct. 5. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- XX
gree. By order of the Master. . . '^ '
. , ¦ . . FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. P. & A. M.— •
Called "meeting THIS /SATURDAY) _#\_
EVENING. Ei. 7:3" o'clock. Third de- wLJT
' gree. ' - - R. E. ALLAN. Sec. *^^
CROCKETT: Lodge No. 13*, F. & A. M. •
.- — Officers and members are requested :
to i;tu>n<l the funeral of our deceased yT 3f
-Brother. WALTER ANTON BURK-'V'
"HARDT, on Sunday. Oct. 6, at 1 p. m. By
order of the W. M. _
• „,"...'.¦. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. \
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge !
; No." 3, I. O. O. F., are hereby
- notified to r assemble at Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellows' building,
SUNDAY. Oct. 6, at 12:30 o'clock, for the
purpose of. attending the funeral of our late
. treasurer. Brother E. EDWARDS.
M. BRILLIANT, N. G.
J. W. E. ALLEX. Rec. Sec.
JOINT picnic given by Portuguese Protective
and Benevolent Association and ladies of
•Portuguese Protective Union of California,
Sunday. October 6, 190L at Shell Mound
Park. Berkeley. The First Regiment Band
of Oakland has been engaged for this oc-
casion, also a fine string band for . dancing
•In the upper hall In the Azorean .style— Ad-
mission to the park, 25 cents; children under
12 years free. Association leaves on 10 a,
m. boat
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwards, In the Phllo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frazier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co., in the Purdy
Creek mine, near Frenchtown, Yuba.Co., to
deposit tailings in Purfly Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
gravel mine, near Onion Valley, Plumas Co..
to deposit tailinps in Berg Creek, and from
the Norwegian Mining Co., In their mine
near Tuttletown, Tuolumne Co., to deposit
tailings In Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
& meeting will be held • at room 59. Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal.. on October 21.
1901. a-t 1:30 g. m.
ETOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October 8. 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
APOPTIOy.
MATERNITY Villa — Good homes for healthy In-
fants. Dr. Emllie Funke, 1416 8th st, Alameda.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth Et. Alameda.
AGENTS WASTED.
licKlNLEY"S Life, by Murat Halsted; best
author; best book; best terms: retails $1 60;
will duplicate any offer on inferior books:
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO., Chicago. 111.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of McKinley. five
hundred page large book; handsomely illus-
trated; outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent
discount to agents; freight paid; credit given.
KENRY NEIL, 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pages;
best book; 100 illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland, Or.
•WANTED — Limited number of good canvassers
can find something to their advantage by
calling at 302 Post st, Wednesday, before
6 p. m.
OUR martyr Presidents. McKinley, Garfleld.
Lincoln: their illustrious lives and glorious
deeds: handsomely Illustrated; outfit sent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN. 1219 Bush.
Al agents In every town for McKinley souvenir
pictures; fast seller; sample 7c in postage. Ad-
dregs HAGETNS & CO.. 508 California St.. S. F.
GLOBE Portrait Co.. removed to 1067- Market;
agents wanted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
ASPHALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : postal. 11 S6 Mission ; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick.
<juiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 jars. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Markt st
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections attachments ;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships: deeds ;wills drawn; fees Iow;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. op. oth.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market
ADVICE free: open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessfuL EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ltet gt. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDUG FOR . CHILDREX.
WANTED— A young boy to board in refined
family; references exchanged. MRS. GEORGE
SAN DOW. 762 Clayton st
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD^
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2336.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TRU.\KS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom.' 826 Howard.
IILS1.\ES3 CUA.VCES.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
grocery store in Alameda; rent $10; good lo-
cation and fine paying business; Call R. G.
WILKE. 2£M Kearny gt.
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted in old-established
corner saloon; best downtown location; a rare
chance. R. G, WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— J1100: RESTAURANT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bldg. : a grood paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— 1450, GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan. Call
¦R. ii. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A— $400; CORNER saloon on Mason st ; rent $25;
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Keamy at.
ATTENTION, buyers— Lodging-house, 9 rms..
price $350; 12 rms., $250, with piano; rooming-
house. 41 rms.; rooming and boarding, 12
rms. ; hotel. 40 rms. ; restaurant on Market St.,
a great bargain, $500; restaurant on Tliird St..
price $1000. For chances for any business call
cn McBRIDE & CO.. Auctioneers and Real
-. Estate. 1016 Market st, opposite Fifth.
WANTED— An energetic business man with
$1250 as partner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; fine large horses
and wagons; large stock on hand; or will sell
v .the whole; 6tock and improvements Invoice
J33C0. J. H. STANTON. 47 Post st.
$2500— PARTNER wanted: 200. per cent abso-
lutely safe. See STANTON (my agent) 84
Kearny st. " ; • -. ....
-WIOTO gallery; best location on Market st •
long lease: first-class business; cause of sale
other business. Mitchell & Co.. 1206 Market
EALOON;. all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must eell; leaving city ln-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— <200; PARTNER;, commission business-
clears $75 month to each. STRAND & CO
209 Kearny st.
A— $850; CORNER saloon; city front; clears $200
month. STRAND & CO., 203 Kearny et.
A— DELICACY store; 3 living rooms; average
business? $10 per day; good reasons for selling.
M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
?$00- ELEGANTLY furnished flat; 9 rooms-
lease: $1000 ins. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U
Market st. .
$350— PARTNER; bus. estab.; good opportunity
for steady man. Cal. Bus. Assn;, 865>4 Market
RESTAURANT in residence part, flourishing
and finely paying, for sale; having other prop-
osition; price ?550. Particulars F. ANTHES,
care Caswell & Co., 412 Sacramento gt.
$1300— OLD established hack business; 3 hacks.
4 horses and harness; cheap rent; doing good
- business; must be sold at once, on account
of elckness. G. C. YOUNG, Petaluma, Cal.
WANTED— Partner for prospecting trip. Call
at E29 Sacramento ct.
1150 To J 500— The best poor man's chance to
travel and make a raise. Box 627, Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale, on account of sick-
ness : established 40 years. 207 Third st '
WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
9»>i:ig shop. Cor. Geary and Devisadero.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
GROCERY for sale; across bay; doing a good
business: price $2750; a good opening. Ad-
dress box 755. Call.
WANTED— Business man with $15,000 to Invest
In a manufacturing company and act as
treasurer and look after the office end of the
business. Box 504, Call office. ' -
_ t ! - ........
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200. ..
$500 INVESTED immediately will furnish pleas-
ant permanent and paying employment and
pay over 200 per cent yearly profit besides;
absolutely safe. Box 728. Call office.
$300 AND $350— .Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blackslmth business; price in each
caee covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dregs box 2S3. Call office. '. '
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness : of
owner; good- trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO., San Rafael, Cal. - .
CIOAR and tobacco store for sale; one of the
bet>t outside town; on account of poor health.
Box £22, Call. .-^ Ei.«-
W ANTED— Working partner with some capital
In a new manufacturing enterprise; quick re-
turns. Factory, 235 Valencia st.
A— $75; FRUIT, cigar and lunch etore; good,
trade. P%?iflc Business Exchange, 765 Market !
FOR SALE— A good paying restaurant. Apply
210 Tcwnsend St., ' near Third.
LADY wants gentleman buy Interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865, Call.
$30— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Drumm st.
WANTED— Partner with $2500; unusually fine
opportunity to right man. Box 706. Call. ¦¦
PAYING restaurant cheap; will sell half to
right man. 410 Kearny st. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
18 rooms; Geary st; $250 cash; only $575
34 rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
60 rooms; partly furnished; only.... 900
20 rooms: new; elegant; clears $150...:.. 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor ' 900
S rooms; fine yard 350
33 rooms; worth $2800 ...- 1600
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash... .750
C-room flat; fine corner ...300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of. Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1400
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
41 rooms; grand halls; fine Income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $250.. .'. 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 4bO
7 rooms; O'Farrell st .400
16 rooms; Howard St.; housekeeping '800
12 rooms; Bush st 600
24 rooms: Geary st; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st; central 500
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A.H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
• 10 100ms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner: central 3700
i 10O r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine: sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22 rooms; corner: good transient; clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good; see It 2500
£5 rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
I 15000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
1 $€50—14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $45: bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market Et.
A. CAMERON & CO..
BSO Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush -328.
See our list of bargains.
45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.: clears $100. $3000
39 r. ; rent $125; oal: fur.; good carpets.... 2350
30 r. ; rent $12.'; Al trans-; fine fur 2200
24 r. ; rent $110; everything good and clean 1300
21 r. ; rent $45; walnut fur.; housekeeping. 1000
17 r. ; Tent $100; good fur. and carpets ... 1530
10 r. : rent $47 SO; oak fur.; carpets good.. 5S0
7 r.; rent J35; golden oak fur 250
! 5 r.; rent $18; modern flat; good fur 250
[ ¦ Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying,
WHEN YOU WANT ~
A ROOMING-HOUSE OR HOTEL
GO TO
WALLACE.
HE DOES NOT MISREPRESENT FACTS.
M. K. B. WALLACE. Real Estate Broker.
COLUMBIAN BUILDING, ROOM 73.
916 MARKET ST. PHONE JAMES 1361.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list -of FISHER
ft. CO., 935 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $S0O 16 r $500
20 r 1150 20 r POO 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r COO 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r 550 6 r 225 7 r 225
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains: come and see our Met and we know
we can satisfy you; houses to trade, to ex-
change and monry loaned; don't forget the
office, it is 26% Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
TWELVE rooms, Eddy, new flat, rent J50, STiOO.
15 rooms, clears $42. half cash, nr Hyde, $700.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market St.; tel. Main 12S.
44 ROOMS. Sutter, clears 5200. part cash. $4000.
Money at 1V£%. M. E. RIVES. 916 Market st.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1311.
917 Market st.. near Fifth.
FURNISHED house. 7 room*: rent $35: full
good roomers; very reasonable if sold at
once. $54 Geary st.
WANTED— For cash, good 13 to 25 room house:
central, well furnlshp?"!. Address box 66S. Call.
. SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
• countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday. Thursday. Fri., 8:15 p m.;
25c. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2561.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
PROF. JOHN }. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
. palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; 50c. 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m.. 10c; readings daily, £0e.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
Mustafa — Egyptian materializing seance. Sun.,
Wed.. Frl., 8 p m.,25c; sittings dally. 1610 Bush.
EARLE, Independent slate writer; 32S Ellis; teL
Polk -11-01; seance Tues., Thurs.,. Sun., 8 p. m.
1 FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 60c, $1;
cir. Sun.. Tues., Thurs. and Frl. nights, 10c.
. CLAIRVOYANTS. "
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
>5c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. \ . •
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently- located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 an-1
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
•with special terms. • Dally- and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT" — —
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cuted at 125 Turk Bt.; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $l;-palm. and clalr : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ,
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
• reads your life (correctly; tells past, present
future;full names given ;slttlr.gs 50C.326A Ellis.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
Ccrman si»olsen,25c up. 777^Markct et.room 18.Veva -Bradbury sued the Market Street
Railway ( Compai.y in the/Justices' Court
yesterday for damages In the sum of $150
for injuries alleged. i to have been sus
tained: while boarding a Powell street car.
The. plaintiff alleges ¦ that ¦ while placing
her foot on the steps the car started and
she. was thrown to the -ground, bruising
her right legand arm. •-•
Sues Market-Street Railway.
Amos Currier, guardian of the estate of
Annie C Rines; an insane person, filed
a suit ragainst' the German Savings and
Loan Society yesterday to recover . a piece
of property mortgaged by his ward to the
institution December 15. 1S95, for $2600.* In
the complaint Currier alleges that at the
time the mortsjasre was executed the of
ficials, of. the b,ank knew that Mrs. Rines
was incompetent, and therefore prays
that the mortgage be declared null and
VOid." ¦ ;•'"¦¦' • -¦ . ~~ ' >' '
Savings Institution - Susd.
&A/TE .SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. .
¦ '¦¦¦•¦ t Friday, October 4.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours frm Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Evans. 90 hours frm Seattle.
C i OCEAN STEAMERS;.
NEW 'YORK— Arrived Oct- 4— Stmr La Sa
vole,' from Havre. ' ¦-
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Celtic, for
Queenstown and New : York. _ . • ; .
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Marcuie. ilarysvle Mrs X W Helntzslman.
Mrs E O Darling.Napa Sacramento
F Cox, w & dan. Sacto J J Hebborn&w, Selma
G W Peltier & w, Sac N I. Welck«r,w & dau,
G J Ketchum, N Y . California
F M Phelps, Los Ang J O Hestwood. San Jse
E M Preston, Nev Cty O H Bullene&w, Galin
Mrs A F Thompson, S Builene & -sv, Galln
Boonvllle Mrs M-T Parsons,
Miss R Thomrison, Ely Station
Bocnevllle . J R Denman & w,
G Swain, Stockton Ely Station .
G C Swain, Stockton Miss M, Baldwin. Cal
R D Merrill, Wash , E Jacobs. San Diego
P Weifiner, Detroit G B Lardner, Auburn
W L Pritchard&w. Sac Mrs S B Foote, Minn
W J Karnes, NY W F Knox. Sacramnto
F Schwarzkopf, F H Bokford. Phlla
¦ Hongkong J S Boone, Ne^v York
W S Walter. Mass J Boone Jr. N Y
Mrs W E Reed. Omaha E M Wilkinson. Cal
I W Randall&w, Md C Steel, CarrvlUe
F H Murray. Boston AC Meaker & w,
B W Hahn, Pasadena ' Junea. Alaska
Peter Hall. Pasadena R I Kerr. Jackson
¦Rev G J Vandebogart, B B Preston, lone
Indiana — E G de Haven & w,
Mrs G J Vandebogart, Sonora
Indiana G Meull. Sonora
Miss M Houston, Ind Mis* N T Biddle. S Jse
J T Lamar, " Georgia E C Groward, S Mateo
E Smith. New York C E Coleman, S Mateo
T H Ellis, Hollo, PI R W Van WonJen, Sac
F Fisher & w, Md Mrs W B Folds, Minn
J H Shuffelberger. Cal Mrs H Baxter. Minn
D E Cohn, New York Miss C Apperson. Cal
J C Cross, Los Angeles P K Funke, Stanford
N -Blackstock. Ventura O Y Woodward & w,
F P Shaw, Ventura Woodland
L E Mercer, Ventura A R Conden, U S N
G W Whitton&w. Cal M Greenbaum. Seattle
Mrs F A Garfleld, Cal W J Ellis & w, Seattle
E Carney Jr. Ukiah J F Blair & w. Sacto
G Silberberg, Baltmore W P Thomas, Ukiah
J A Squire & family, r C J Monroe, Lakeport
Palo Alto S T Hills. Minneapolis
E .T.Hennessey. Napa C W W-Hanjer.
O Stevens, Sacramento Dawson -
Mrs S Barclay, NY C N -Watson, Gernevle
H E Barkerfi w, Stktn! '
¦ PALACE HOTEI*
H A Kellar, Redding S R S -Knapp, Wisconsin
W D Elder, w & son, D L Dean. Boston
• Deadwood, S D . S Mather * w, Ohio
W M Carrie. Chicago C Libug & w, Ky
S Storrow, Los Ang R G Elklns, Boston
Dr W I Taylor & w. J C Bloodgood. Balto
• Llv«rmore I Mrs Storrow. Los Ang
H D Downs & w.'N Y|B Eheppard. N Y
O F Lowenthal. N Y [Mrs D J Blake. Seattle
E O Smith, N Y F L Stetson & w. N Y
G E Dann, New Haven Mrs Rogers, N Y
E J Aldrlch. Boston M!ss Rldgeley. N Y
D W Rickland, Los An! Miss Perkins. N Y .
J G Waterman, S Barb W B Hawkins, Niag-
J E Gimperling & vc. ( ara Falls
Sacto .. |r> M P<«Map T,->s Ang
J B Terry, Sacto W C Stltt, Chicago
E S Donaldson, N Y W E Jackson, i\ navn
F Boker, Mexico City J J Hawkins, Arizona
A Hasenclever, Germy Bishop Penheath. B O
W Boker, Solinger Mrs J R Clark. L Ang
J D Stitt, NY Miss Ella Clark. L An
R F Hubhard, NY A B Newcombc, N Y
F C Lusk, Klamathorn E I Cahn & w. Balto
AJ Huston, Clevelapd • \- -
, NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Nlchats. Mich S G York, Kansas
P Hansen, Ssatt'e O Gapen &. w, Nebr
G A 'Thompson, Cal Mrs, M: Gapen Nebr
Mr* H Jarvis, Cal I H Swlsher,-Mo
J O Blokeley, Denver O J Ebinger, Chicago
F Scbmale & w, Colo Mrs Ebinger, Chicago
G Tunlson, Nebr Miss B Hanna, Phila
G L Plummer, Nebr G Stinson. Portland
H Roberts, Conn ' C Austin. - Portland
F E Collins, Iowa HP Rict. Salt Lake
D E Grlng, Iowa ¦• . .
HOTlSL AB-RIVALS.
STOC^: ANI> BOND EXCHANGE.
• k£ • FRIDAY, Oct. 4—2 p. m.
• V UNITED STATES BONDS. '
Bld.Ask. » Bid.Ask.
4a quar coup.. 112 112% 4» qr c (new).138 1 / >jl3» 1 s
4s quar res 112 112*4 3s quar coup.. 103 1®
MlSCEUiANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5S.1C6H107 Oceanic SS 58.108 —
Cal-st 5s ..118 — Omnibus C «s.129% —
C C Water 5s.U0 — Pac O Imp 4s. — SB
Ed L & P 68.. — 1SH4 PkiQH ta.109 —
Fer & C H «s. — — Fkft.OR 6s.T21 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powii-st K to. — —
H C A S 5%b.. — — Sae E 6 B 5s. 95 —
Do 5s SSM- 3 F & SJV 5*.122% -
Los Ang R 53.118*ill7Vi Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
X, A Light 6s..lOHi — . S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113 —
Do gntd 5S..160 105 (1910) J14 —
L A & Pac 5s. 101 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 C m as. - - (1905). Ser A. - 1D7K
Mkt-st Cab «3. — 12S^i <19C3). Ser B.1C7H —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122«i «90«> 109 —
Nev C N G 7s. — — 41912) 119*4 —
N R of Cal te.113** — S P of Cal m
Do as 121% — c ?ntd 5s.... 110% —
Nor Pac C Ss-IGIH - SPBrCil 8s.l3J>4 —
Do 5s - 107^ S V Water «s.lll%, —
Nor Cal R 5s.Ul — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Gas as 111% — Do «s. 3d m.;101S —
Oak Trans «».121 — Stktn Gas 6s..lM —
Oak Wat g 5s. 103^ — .
WATER STOCKS. " '
Contra Costa.. 75% — .Port Costa — K% 63
Marin Coanty. 58 — ! Spring Valley. 87 87^4
GAS AND ELECTRIC. . .
CentL&P...— — Pacific Light.. 43 —
Equitable 3^ * Sacrameata ... — 40
Mutual 4H 514 S F G & E.... 43 43*4
Oakland 50% SHi San Francisco. 4% V*
Pac Gas Imp. — 49 I Stktn G <fe E-. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fand.240 — I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 77 L. P A A 157H160
California 405 — Mer Ex Ola)-- 1» —
Cal Saf« Dep.-ICR 1 * — S F National . .130 —
First Natlonl.. 310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1395 — Sav & Lean... — —
HumboMt — — ' Security Sa-v..2*3 —
Mutual Sav 60 — | Union Trust. .1800 .—
San Franciaco.523 — )
STREET RAILROADS-
California' ....135 — OSL AH.... « * —
Geary — 56 Presidio 32 —
Market 8S 88%
POWDER
1 Giant 75K 75*lVigorit 3T4 PA
SUGAR.
Hana .......... 5% 8 Kilaraea 10% —
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 24*i —
Honokaa 10 10}» Onomea 23 —
Hutchinson ... 11% lf*/i PaaoSan 10 18%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Paek..l4fl4H5 [Oceanic S Co. 42^i 46
Cal Fruit Can. — — |Pae Aox F A.. 2T4 —
Cal Wine Asn. 8634 S8 (Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Exchange.110 — iPar Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water "5 50
15 Contra, Costa Water, s 5 75 75
?5 Contra Costa Water 75 7S
200 Hutchinson S P Co ...."14 75
20 Market Street Railway BOO
5 Market Street Railway SS 23
10 Market Street Railway 83 50
15 Market Street Railway 8S 06
$7000 Northern Rjr of Cal 5 per ct bondsO21 75
» Onomea Sugar Co .................... 22 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, a »... 43 25
Street—
$3000 California St R R bonds ....118 25
$10,(>00 N Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds, b 3.121 75
J200O S V 4 p^r cent bonds (2d mort> 103 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Alaska Packets' Assn 144 23
5 California Fruit Cmnners 97 00
50 Cal Wine Assn 87 00
. 19 Honotaa S Co 10 00
10 KItauea Sugar Plantation Co 10 23
50 Market Street Railway 86 50
59 Market Street Railway 87 00
5 Market Street Railway 87 12^i
30 Market Street Railway 97 50
25 Market Street Railway 87 75
85 Market Street Railway 88 B0
?;C00 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per ct bonds.ia 73
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds (M ment) 103 25
Street—
150 California Street R R- - 130 00
J1600 Edison L & P bonds 130 00
nfl.OOO S F & S J V bonds .-.123 03
$33,000 S P ot Arizona <1310) 114 M
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
Board— •
200 California Standard 2*
500 Giant .-..: 31
lfiOf Independence It)
1000 Lion <s 60) .... 63
500 Lion 08
200 Occidental of West Virginia SS
150 Peerless 5 12H
100 Petroleum Center <s 90) 03
ttfrWest Shore 3 00
Street—
I 50 Home S «
'Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 California Standard 23
«C0 California Standard- 24
SOO California Standard 22
100 Home 3 35
100 Junctioa > 21
1000 L46n <b 90) ' 03
200 Peerless 5 12%
300 Peerless (b 90) 5 37«»
100 Petroleum Center (3 90).. 01
MINING STdCKS.
Following were ta'e salea on the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
500 Belcher ........ 11! 100 Hale & Xorcr* 17
¦¦ 300 Be« & Belcher 16 1J0O Ophlr 73
200 Gould & Curry 06[ 560 Savage «2
Afternoon Session. *
SCO Caledonia ..... 33 M0 Ophlr 77
200 Challange ...... 20 100 Sierra Nevada- 1>
SCO Chollar 06 300 Silver HH1 .... 3a
10O Con C*l &. Va.1 65 .
, Folio-win* were the sales on ths Pacifle
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornin_; Session.
200 Belcher Ill 200 Mexican 17
300 Best tz Belcher 18 \ 100 Mexican 14
300 Challenge 20 300 Potosi 07
300 Chollar 07 200 Silver Hill 31
200 Confidence S5 SCO Silver Hill SO
Afternoon Session.
SCO Mexican IS 400 Silver Hill .... 31
100 Ophir ~ SOO Standard 3 30
200 Ophlr 78 SOO Yellow Jacket.. C3
I 500 Savage C2
* CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. M.5.111.
Bid.A3k-. Bld.Ask.
Alphs/ — 02 Justice 02 04
Alta ••"• 02 03 Kentuck- — 03
Andes .- 05 06 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher ........ 10 U Mexican ....... 17 »
Best & Belcher IS 17! Occidental 05 «$
Bullion 01 C2 Ophir 78 77
Caledonia ...... 33 33 Overman 05 (»
Challenge; 19 ?0 Potcsl 07 «8
Chollar 06 07 Savage 01 02
Confidence .' 90 95. Scorpion — 64
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 7»,9eg Beleher ... 02 <»
Con ImD — Ol;Slerra Nevada. 18 19
Con New. York. 01 — jS'lver Hill .... 30 31
Crown Point ..'03 05; St Louis 03 OS
Eureka Con ... 14 —'Standard 3 50 —
Exchequer : — 01'Syndicate — VI
Gould & Curry- 0« • 07iUnlon Con 05 07
Hale & Norers 15 16[Utah 02 03
Julia ..........:— 0i"YeI!ow Jacket.. «' 10
$1 23. both lopping off the 50c extra dividend
previously paid. The Amalgamated pay* its
dividends from the dividends received on the
stock.' it 'owns in the Anaconda, Boston and
Montana, Boston and Butte and Parrott mines.
* Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The Rev. Francis M. Larkin. the newly
appointed pastor of Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner ot Twenty-flrst and
Capp streets, arrived in the city yester
day and will at once assume charge of his
pastorate.
The Rev. Dr. I^ark.n was tendered a re
ception last night in the church edifice
and was greeted by a large number of his
flock. The local Mijristerial Union of the
Mission, the Methodist ministers of this
city and representatives of the Cs'iforn'a
conference united in extending the ltew
pastor a cordial welcome. . . •
Robert Husband presided at the recep
tion. Addresses -were delivered by the
Rev. M. Kerr of Trinity Presbyterian
Church, the Rev. A. C. Bane of the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Episcopal Church
and Dr. F. D. Bovard. editor of the Cali
fornia Christian Advocate. The address
of welcome was made by E. E. Newton
for Grace Church.
Dr. Larkin has been connected with the
Southern California Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal church for the past
twelve years. He Is 39 years of age and
has met with much success in all his ap
pointments. He was for four years pastor
of the University Church of Los Angeles,
receiving In that period 460 members. He
first ' ; became prominent In Los Angeles
by the agitation of the so-called Agricul
tural Park affair, when the law was be
ing violated by the maintenance of a sa
loon in the park. The saloon was closed
and the district annexed to the eity as a
result of his efforts. Dr. Larkin spent
eight years of his ministry in Loa Angeles,
the first four at the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. He recently returned
from an extended Eastern and European
trip.
Rev. Francis M. Larkin Welcomed by
Congregation of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church.
TENDER A RECEPTION
TO THEIR NEW PASTOR
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1901.
13
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
MISSION,' 92a 1 ,.— Xicely furnished sunny .bay-
window front rooms; gas, -grate; lowerTlat. •¦-
NEW' ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL ¦ 20— Sunny furnished rooms 'I and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, 700 — 2 single sunny furnished rooms;,! tel-
ephone; $8-$10. • . '. ¦'- . .>' -i.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent; light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. -. :¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
• near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. . v
SUTTER. 320% . (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR, 238— Newly furnished rooms to rent.
TAYLOR. 504— Sunny front rooms ; _sui table . for
' 2 gentlemen. . . . '
TWO furnished front rooms; gas, grate and
bath, with use of large kitchen if desired: In
private family; will rent separate. Address
H.. box 712, Call office.- . , '. -
VALENCIA. 1122— Beautiful I new sunny front
bay-window room, upper flat, suitable for 2;
reasonable; ub« of piano if desired.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call, branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. V -• • •
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished: reasonable in • price;
¦uites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy bt., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 815 Leavenworth — Fine, sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful counda.
THE CECILERNE, 830 Van NeHJ ave.'.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional: single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites;, beautiful grnds; table board.
MCALLISTER, MOO, corner Pierce— Choice sun-
ny room with board for two. "-.•¦-
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
POLK. 1907— Pleasant sunny room ; board ; use
of piano; $16; bath. . ' ; . ¦ ' ¦' ¦ -
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
BOOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Sunny front bedroom with board
in private family; steady, young man; south
of Market st. Address H. DAVIDSON, 8373
Twenty-second st. . : ' • ¦ ••¦
ROOMS WASTED. - -.
3 BOOMS furnished for housekeeping; young-
couple; kitchen exclusive; permanent; young
American family preferred; not too far out;
rent about $20; refs. Box 769. Call office.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms: light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter St.; must
be reasonable. Box 552. Call. -.-'• - ¦-
4 SUNNY rooms. or flat, furnished; rent not to
exceed $20. Box 570, Call office. .
BY single gentleman; must .be furnished and
near Presidio. . Address box 538, Call office. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE--The office of the Famoso Oil and
Investment Co. has been removed from 393
Parrott building, S. F., to 330 E street, San:
Diego. - •
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWISG" MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell st6.; teL Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard Ml. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co.. 722 Mission St. ;
tel. Main- 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWHITKltS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
hcvse in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ; : estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
¦ figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND The ; Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 34, of seventy -
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the of flee . of the company, 435
California St., San Francisco,' on October 10.
1901. Transfer books close October 3. 1901, at
noon. A. A." SPARKS. - Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE is heTe^y~g7ve^T~to^~UieTDlB'tricr^At^
torney of the City nnd County of San Fran-
cisco that I, the undersigned, Intend to apply
to the honorable State Board of Prison Di-
rectors for the privilege of being paroled
at a meeting-. to ba held by the said board at
• San Quentin, California, on the 32th day of
October. 1901. NICHOLAS TENDES.
MAREIAGE LICENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterdny: • . ¦ .
Anthelme T. Mollard, 35, 633 Broadway, and
Maria Icart, 26, 2 Graham place. .
John Jauch, 28, 114 Prospect place, and Ellse
Groschel. 19, 2206 Mission street. , /
'BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
Birth.- marriage and death notices sent" by
mail will: not be' inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MLA.BHJED.
NELSON— MOSES— In this, city, October 2,
. liOl, by the Rev. M. Bercovltz, Albert- Xel-
son and ML-:s Harriet C. Moses.
POPE— CONNELLY— In Salt Lake City, Sep-
tember 30. laoi. by the Right Rev. Bishop
Scania n. Norris F. Pope and Dorothy M.
Connelly, both of Santa Cruz, Cal. . . -
SANDERS-STROBRIDGE— October "3, . 1901, S.
C. Sanders of San Francisco and Emma JI.
Strobridge ot Haywards. . , 1 ,-'
DIED/
Abrams. Bertha Henshaw, Edward P.
Ayers,' Emma ' ' '"' Hartnett, Jeremiah
Bowlen, Marsraret - • • Hamlln. Minnie A.
Burke. 1 Dr. Richard Kelly, Timothy j
Badel, Gaspard Lorlns, William H. :
Brennan, Julia :- Lyons, James -.
Balleto, Nicolas Lyons. Marraret M
Burgun. Anthony - ; Littler, . Joseph
Burkhardt, W:::ier McGilvery, EM^n
Cranz, Dr., Frank H.- ¦ McGuire, John ¦ -.-• •¦
Daw, John A. Mulholland. Wm..W.
r Edwards, Edward Nlcuet, Dora
Elliott, Hanorah S. ¦ Osborn, Annie
Fitzgerald, Margaret "-Peres. Demetro
Greenberg. Caroline Sunkel, Mary . ¦
Gleeson, John Tagliaferro, Andrea
. Howard. Nellie A. Te^ye, Frederick
Hoey, Laurence J. Udy, . Mary- ;
Harris. Collln B. Viehl, Georre
ABRAMS— In this pity, October 3. 1901, Bertha.
beloved ;wlfe of Marcus Abrams, and mother
of Mrs. Amelia lievy, Mrs, Minnie Hertz^nd
. Sam Abrams, a native of Exin, Germany.'
'a_:ed 71 years. /' ¦ -¦; s
AYERS— In this city,; October 3, •' 1901, ' Emma
Avers, beloved mother of Wilson and Anna
Ayers and Mrs. William Wagstaff,, a native
of Mew York, aged 68 years. •¦'.', .. :
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend ' the funeral - : to-day (Saturday), . at - 2
o'clock, from her late residence; 614 Hyde
street. Interment private.- ;
BOWLEN— In Oakland, October 3, 1901, Mar-
garet, dearly • beloved wife of Thomas H.
Bowlen, beloved mother of Eva and Fred
Bowlen, sister of Mrs. - F. W. Lehar and
Mrs. -M.- Gallagher of Nevada, and slster-ln-
• law of Mrs. James Mahon of Colfax. a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years 11 months and 18
day*. '¦-¦ (New Jersey papers please copy.). -'
IGT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited • to . attend the funeral tp-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1773 Eighth street, " thence ' to St. Pat-
: rick's Church. Tenth street, near Peralta,
¦ where a solemn reaulem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of. her soul, commencing
¦at 9:30 o'clock. '.-* ,' . '. .: ,-
BURKE— In Los Angeles, Dr. / Richard Henry
Burke. 'aged 42 years and' 4 months. V
. [CT-Funeral from' St.' Jcssph's Church, San
Jose; to-day (Saturday), at 10:30 a. m. . :
BADEL-rln this city; October 3, 1901. Gaspard
Bade!, a. native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 2 • months and 16 days: , : -. %
BRENNAN— In this city. October 2, 1901, Julia,
.beloved wife of George E. -Brennan, daughter
of the late Michael and* Ellen Hoyne, and
FOR S/ i-E^ — Cob.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission ft.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 5d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all eizes. new & Sd-hanl.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list Xo. IT now ready for
mailing. 1CS Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, ftiowcasw; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission Bt.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Bea'.e Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales jeweler's steel
'.ir;ed scfe. perfect order. 216 California st.
31ISCELL.ANEOCS WANTS.
WANTED — Tvo second-hand Frue or Wood-
bury belt concentrators: side shake; give low-
est pric*. Address L. M., box 566. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market et.
TILTOX wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical gnods. 1M 9th Ft. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
MEDICAL.
i/R. ODO.N'NELL- All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many year* by
thousands; the uniortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases bave
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice en all subjects of a deli-
fate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases DR G
Vr. ODOXXELL. 1018 Market ct.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. SWEET, a graduate of the Royal Uni-
versity of Berlin; 25 years' experience in
ladies' complaints; utmost confidence can be
rlaced in her; ladies taken before and during
confinement; best of care; terms, SI week;
confinements. Jlo. including 10 days' board; in-
'.tLT.U adopted. S327 ISth St.; Mission-st. car.
¦kTHE original MRS. DA VIES, who has been in
J touEiness here for 25 years. Is still located at
128 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist:
rrivate home before and during confinement;
removed from Pott to 410 O'Farrell St.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market-Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
J .ng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIXDOOHERB AXD MRS. DA VIES' original
method cf treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement 1126 Market st., S. F.
GRADUATE physician will take confinement
cases, any part of cltv; ten <lay»' treatment.
$10. Call and register. 705 Vallejo St.. r. 4.
HF.S. DR. GOODWIX, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years* experience in 6. F.;
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nity hospital: fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
MRS. D. KOHL, iadies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market et. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
XA^MAX^£A^a^>TT^A3c^SoMPA5?rI
f3(M),oOO at t> r*T cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
> mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
cr unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
tny ot above securities. TeL Red 5C24. 1IAA'-
HATTAX LOAX CO., 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. " ~
First, second and third mortgages
Trdivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages end legucies bought: no delay
Get mv terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24. Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAX MURPHY. €03 Examiner building—
Sf.Cbu.COG at 6% or ie&e in large sums; loans
on tecond roci-teasee, estates, etc. : financial
problems cf all ecrts and aizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need mere money
eee KERMAX MURPHY, 60S Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any p.mouTit; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
Tjate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interefts. securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
lft floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
AXY proposition; any amount; € per cent, on
rr.ortrEges. estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgage*, etc. D. J. HALLO RAX.
Adams building, 206 Kearny St., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry.
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
t Grant ave.. near Market St.; teL Black B47L
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
Et. : tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third Et.
MOTCiPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary Et.; phone Red 1603.
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount.
lowest rates. Becker &. Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note with-
out ir.dorser or on mortgage* at 6 per cent per
aneuin. MORRELL. 603 Eraminer building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no comnission; confiden-
tial: Room S. Conservatory bids., 301 Joq.es.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market Bt.. room 68.
JiOXEY loaned salaried rieople without secur-
Uy. Hill, r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
OX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
gtrietly private. LICg. 116 McAllister Et.
OXE per cent on furniture: J5 a month on each
11000; any security. 302 Montgomery Et.. r. L
IF you want a heme I will lean you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUELEY Company: loans and dis-
,- cour-.ts. 321 Parrott building.
OX salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
P. DISCOUNT AGEXCT/. 143 Phelan building.
I/1AXS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. V.'eFt^rn I/an Co.. ?C3 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY~&
CO. may be exchanged for a new titelnway
uprip-ht or baby grad i,Uino any time within
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, S6 per
menth; some good pianos sold for S3. J4 and
S3 per month. SHEKMAN. CLAY & CO..
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth ct.. Oakland.
A BAUMEISTER piano gives you more for the
racney than any other. They are first class
In •'v^rythlng except price. You can use one
6 years? and then exchange for a Decker If
you v.iEh without losing a cent. We have
ecir:€ choice bargains in second-hand and new
instrum«r.!R. THE ZEXO MAUVA1S MUSIC
CO.. :ej Market el
/TTENTIOX, BARGAIN' HCNTEHS-
Second-hand upright pianos from *55 up.
fcecond-hand square pianos from -"JOO up.
Second-hand organs from 125 up; new up-
right pianos from S175 up. BEXJ. CURTAZ
& BOX, 36 to 20 OTarrell. Chickering. Mi-
son & Harnlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AXST p:ana told by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular 1 ,
pries costs you oniy 20c a <Iay to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st. : established 1S50.
ALL highest grades cold by Heine Piano Co..
fide agents icr famous and eldest American
makes, 'includes Hallet-Devls; creat bar-
Kain lift. $50-<ip; eteinway. £1S5 -up; Fischer.
1100; Checkering. J1C5: 20 others; rents *2 up;
great inducements to cgents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright, J12S; c!«g_Jit walnut
case, Kn£bc upright, almo&t new; also Steck,
oak case: Harflman square. ?45: organs, $25
up. BOWERS & EOX. TZ Kifth et., IVERS
& POXD and A. B. CAMERON Agents.
A FIPJVI'S failure to realize on account of
etrikc has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in etorase to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory oriees; second -hand j.istnos for a eong.
WILSOX'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st.
. PIANOS— The most modern and up to date;
j fiteck. Everett. Cosover. Packard. Ludwlg.
I Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
ia1'.. The Wiley B. All^n Co.. 933 Market St..
S. F. : f Branch Store. 951 Broadway. Oakland).
WANTED— Hallet Davi» square Bianos; J100
premium at,ove value. HEINE, 217 Geary.
AT a creat eacrifice — A fine clano. Call at
McERIDS & CO.'S. 1016 Market, opp. Fifth.
A PIAXO. rianola and music on sale; party
Going sway. 217 Geary gt.
K0— WEBER piano; co« $450; for eale on $5
Installments. 12C8 Gough St., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano: great
Eacrificf ; party leaving. 408 GoWen Gate a.ve.
SOKMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
£pife'..-r.ann pianos. 208 Post st. ix. :.
S3iO PIANO, nearly new. for $223: pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. S Flood bldg.
GOOD M»«-ond-hana uunsrht for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 36 McAllister st,
LEFT on sale— Ar.tieell large upright. $126;
Bteiowmy. Ii65. £17 Geary st.. room 36.
S-«— Emerson and 7 bargain upright* and baby
erand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
ELEGAXT piano as rood as now; «tandar!l
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'e. '216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonir.ger. Echubert and Steir.way bargains.
J7S AXD upward— Fine uprights. PIERCK'S
fPUno Factory. Market. 14th and Church --sts.
SPECIAL for this week— J4C0 piano for $275.
BRUEXX. 208 Post st.
?ELEGAXT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins. -Ithera. old and new. IL
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE new corner store: fine locality for drug
store. Cor. Folsom and Thirteenth St.; also
2 elegant 7-room fiats above. . ..
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 600 Mission «t.
Olli.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
flzes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel. Red 3521.
ROOMS papered, decorated, whitened, painting.
J. C. Romalne. 640 G. G. ave. ; ph. Polk 1423.*
PAOII5TRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific paJmiet, 515
Taylor stC. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS . WANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $30CO for one-half In-
terest in established contracting business. for
the purpose of enlarging business; office man
preferred; do not answer unless you -mean
business. Address box 623, Call office,
PARTNER wanted— German couple preferred
or woman; must know German and French
cooking; first-class family dining-room: ref-
erneces exchanged. Address box 605. Call. ¦
PEESOXALS. _^
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
6t., largest curio store in America: visitors
¦welcome; Indian baskets from fl upwards.
AX elegant Una of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 -weekly. L; LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus -will cure any case ot
rheumatism, sciatic*, neuralgia or gout; price
J2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co.. 724 Valencia et.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st-. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and. from the ferry.
HA IR, birth marks, moles removed forever
without t>ain or near with electricity by
MIPS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 3538
Eighteenth St., cor. Guerrero.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus.
Ohio. ; | .
A r.ESFECTABLE. sober man earning $100 per
month wishes to meet respectable young wo-
man; object matrimony. Box 517, Call office.
"<3LEEN OF HEARTS" — Address communica-
tions to my old home; will be soon there;
eee you before Xmas. ••JI1ZPAH."
ADELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 60c, postpaid. Bon-Ton, 324
Poet st. -
iI<*OABE's Detective Agency handles all legit- '
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bids-, rooms 323-324. S. F.; tel. South 381. |
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing,
25c; good switches, $1. G. LEDERER. 123
Stockton st. . ,
WHITE* enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double, $2 25.- EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1810-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O"Farrell; send for circular.
RICHELIEU Phonograph, life delineator.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 23S6. .-
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. G0LDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for %1 per week.
XEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny st.
FACIAL massage; Hydro-Vacu treatment; elec-
trolysis. Mrs. Dunlap's Parlors, 34 Kearny. st,
AEPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per e-allon. Ill Van Ness ave.
ANT case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 504 Parrott bldg., or write.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting: no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50;* dress pants, J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN'KEL. 817 Market st.
TLAXIXG AXD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing- CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXN ELL— Office and residence,
ic:i\. Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP improved property wanted for cash
buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALS.
WRIGHT & EWELL. ~
Real Estate and Financial Agents. !
Loans, Insurance. 316 Montgomery st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$12,500— Pierce St., near Green; .11 rooms. 2
baths, large garden; lot 75x137:6.-
$12,000 — Presidio Heights residence of 12 rooms;
lot 26:10x127:81,4.
$12,000— South side of California St., near
Buchanan; an artistic home; lot'27:6x
127:6.
$11,000— West side of Gough st.. near Bush; JU
rooms, bath, conservatory; thoroughir
modern; lot 30x137:6. . . -
$10,500— West side of Fihmore st., near Pacific
ave. ; house of 10 rooms, bath, furnace;
lot "SxlCfl. ' •
$10,500— South side of California St., near Bu-
chanan; 9 rooms and bath; entirely new
plumbing; lot 27:6x137:6.
$9, COO— West side of Gough St.. near Vallejo;
9 rooms, furnace, electricity; thoroughly
modern; lot 25x100.
$S,600 — North side of Turk St., near Laguna;
8 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6.
$8,000— Page St., near Broderick; 10 rooms and
bath: lot 30x137:6.
$8,0CO— North side of Fell St.. near Devisadero;
9 rooms and bath;. lot 25x127:6. . t
$S,OCC— Lot 25x100; north side of Pine St., bet.
Fillmore and Steiner sts.; good location
for flats. - , .
$2,500— Presidio Heights building lots. 30x125.
CHEAP business corner: EE Filbert and
Pierce sts. ; a good corner to improve ¦with
grocery and flats, and will pay big interest;
eize 36x&2:6; street work all done; Filbert is
bltumlnized; a few steps only from Union st.
• cars: £2350: easy terms; $100 first payment.
•W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. • /
A PROPERTY, improved or vacant, en Valen-
cia. Mission or Howard, with a frontage of
a tout 75 feet, wanted to purchase. W. J.
GUXN, £20 California st. •
j FLATS or a nice dwelling that is in good con-
dition and with modern improvements want-
• «h2 to purchase for the income; Mission or
Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 520 Cali-
fornia Et.
RESIDENCE wanted to purchase in the West-
ern Addition, west of Van Ness ave. W. . J.
GUXX. 530 California st.
A NEW, elegant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, large yard:
this in an unequaled opportunity to secure a
beautiful home at a moderate cost by ea«y
payments; must be seen to be appreciated; on
Cole it., 2 blocka from Park; lot 25x125; no
agents. Box 823. Call office. '
$50,000 TO invest hi Income-bearing property;
' must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO..
. ' . 702 Market et.
JCEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; -easy
terms; west frontage; run all day-; largt yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE, 62 Portola «t. ¦
BARGAIN; $750,' 9 lots near House of Correc-
tion; rented. Box 537. Call office.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mis-ion.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
AUCTION SALE. .
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank fin liquida-
tion) will sell its 4-story brick building and 75
pieces of city and country real estate at pub-
lic auction, without reserve, at Fresno, Cal..
Monday, October 7. 1901. ' -
Lists containing - details, etc.. can be -ob-
tained at office of Bank Commissioners. 030
California St.. or by addressing the bank ' at
Fresno, Cal. ¦ . • " -...--. • • .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre,- on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, - as
¦San Francisco is growing rapidly; location'
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and information. . '¦:'.
TO be sold — 120 acres ' of ¦ the very best grape
land en earth, and location where the.grap«»
ripens to perfection. For further particulars .
address Principal, Lambert, Cal. ' " ' " * /J
REAL ESTATE — COUKTRY — For Sale
KEEP, your ?ye on San Joee; double track
building; fast overland route; property de-.
pressed; good time to buy: if you wait till
others want it it will be Tilgher; some splen-
did orchard and farm bargains: see. our cata-
logue of San Martin ranch; good land cheap;
monthly payments $14 14 Tor 10 acres. WOOS*-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634
Market et.. San Francisco, and San Jose"
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit 'ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city- sites. See
The Phelpg Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell . or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket St.. S. F., office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres :* El
Dorado County, near R. R. ¦ Box 223. Call.-
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal. .
RU Pf URE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM, 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEPA REAL ESTATE.
S650 — LOT. near Bay station.
$650— Lot, near Wlllow-st. station.
$700— Lot, Pacific ave., Bay station. .
$1000— Lot, near Central ave., Morton-Bt. sta.
$1300— Lot, on Union. st., near Central ave.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
•¦ Bay Station, Alameda.
$750— HOUSE of 5. rooms, near station. ».
$1000 to $3000— Cottages of 5 and 6 rooms;
near stations and schools; on terms to suit.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay Station, Alameda.
$2700— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms; large re-
ception hall; fine location; near Morton-st.
Etation ; must be ' sold ; owner going East
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
COMPLETE homes and large lots, $2800; 6-room
cottage; $3000. 7 rooms; $3300, 8 rooms. J. H.
YOUNG. . builder, 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS: improved &¦ unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; 1 block to train
- and electric cars; all modern improvements:
porcelain bath; tiled sink; fine mantel and
sideboard; gas fixtures; ¦walls tinted; sewer
. and water connected; $200 cash, balance like
rent, $20 per month, including interest, W.
C. MORAN & CO. ...- :.:¦"¦'--,>¦• -•
$2400— NEW 8-room houBe; lot 50x140; 1 block
to cars; 5 minutes to U. C-- grounds; must be
• sold at once, as owner must have more money
to finish house; $100 cash, balance less than
rent, $25 per month..
W C... MORAN & CO., Lorin Station and
Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
$2500— 8-ROOM houee; corner lot; 45x100; will
trade for a ranch of equal value. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots; $10 cash, i balance $10 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$5C0— LOTS; % cash, balance 1, 2 and 3 years;
grandest view in Berkeley; send for maps.
W. C. MORAN- & CO.,
Lorin Station. Schmidt Block, . Berkeley.
A^ RARE OPPORTUNITY— Elegant 11-room
boarding-house near university for lease on
account of deoarture; every room full; fur-
niture for sale; terms' reasonable. Berkeley
Room Renting Agency, 2129 Center St., Berke-
ley, Cal. - ¦..-.•... . ..
{2S — NICE furn. cottage, 7 ' rooms, stable, etc.
N. W. cor. Grove and Blake 6ts., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Corner lot, 100x135; 6-roomed house;
large barn ; beautiful garden. Thirty-fourth
and Linden sts.. San Pablo ave. cars pass the
door. ' See owner on ' premises.
OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR Sale— Beautiful 5-r'oom cottage; bath,
basement: take 16th-Et. cars. 1464 Filbert st.
OAKLAAIJ i ROOMS WASTED.
3 OR 4 'nicely furnished rooms, suitable for
. light housekeeping; must be pleasant and cen-
tral. Box 2327, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUIISITUKB FOR SALS.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. '.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
BUSH, 839— Two or three connecting rooms; also
large double room for housekeeping.
CHESTNUT, 293 (North Beach)— Furn. rooms,
housekeeping; cheap; fine view; sun; quiet.
EDDY, 743—2 'front connecting rooms; gas
stove; large closets; phone.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— Sunny front al-
cove room arfd kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; bath. . ¦- ¦
FIFTH, 34S— A suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; cheaj.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOUGH, 437 — Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; running water; electric lights;
also others.
HOWARD, 2381—2 to 4 sunny well furnished;
porch; yard; 2 entrances; $11 to couple.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms and others. 75c to $1 50 per week.
NOE, 153 — 3 connecting rooms; lower flat;
kitchen; sink; coal range; bath; tubs; $16.
OAK, 119—2 parlors, furnished for heavy house-
keeping, $16; 2 basement, $10; single, $7; yard.
$4— ROOM- at 128 O'Farrell st.; upstairs, corner
Powell. $6, office Blythe building, 14 Grant
ave. . ' . . .
POLK. 4002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TENTH, 3C3A— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range; no children. . ' x
THE BELL. 1773 Market— Sunny double par-
lors with kitchen, $20; also single, $5 up.
THIRD, . 334— Housekeeping rooms complete for
family; yard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
X^B^NsTvick^HOUSE, "l48~Sixth-RoomZ
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ngiht.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. car*.
AT Shasta House, 24fi Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 'week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap: bath; tel. 33} Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished."
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Ma«on— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 310 — Newly furnished rooms; private
family.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New- house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator; 25 private
¦ suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
GEARY, 403, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 658— Nicely furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen or. ladles; housekeeping if desired.
GEARY, 1225— Sunny^ bay-windows, furnished
or not; ether rooms: from 8 up.
GEARY, 1225—2 large sunny bay-wlndowa for
doctor • and dentist: 5 rooms and the floor.
GEARY. 1620— Parlor su'.te to young couple
with board; elegantly furnished; .reference*
exchansed- •¦ ¦'. ¦: , •-¦- {• ,.¦
GOLDEN- GATE ave.. 126— Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 618-rSunny parlor sult-
able for two, with or without board; also
• . other rooms. . >. . . . :
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nlshed room for lady. Apply evenings. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1521— I unfurnished
rooms, with hot and cold water In each room-
algo a cottage in rear with 2 rooms. . '
HARRISON, JS4V4. near fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms; bath; all '-jynvenlences; home-
like; $1 week up.- . ..¦..¦,;¦.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
50c per day. and upward '..special rates by. the
week or. month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable car» to Turk st. ;
LASKIE, 27. bet. Eighth and Ninth, oft Mia-
' slori— Sunny furnished flat. 8 rooms, for hbuse-
. keeping,' and one slngje room (parlor); rent
cheap. - - ,. ¦¦ : '. .¦¦..' , ' .' ¦ ¦ .¦ --¦ '" ,- ¦¦
MARTINET,' 1101' Geary, ' one door abov% Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $P> up.
LYONS— In this city, October 4, 1901, James
Lyons, a native of England, aged 33 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances apd members
of P. C. Marine Firemen's Union are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ , •
LYONS^-In this city, Octoker 3, 1901. Margaret
M... beloved daughter of the late Thomas and
Margaret Lyons, 'and loving "sister of John,
Thomas and James Lyons and Mrs. T. Kelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years. -
IT?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
th-i United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
\ street! thence to St. Rose's Church for serv-
ices. Interment Holy \ Cross Cemetery.
LITTLER— In this eity, October 4, 1901. Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Katie Littler, and
father of Katie Littler, and ¦ stepfather of
¦ William McAvoy, a native of Kngland,' aged
40 year*. ¦-.-¦. • . ¦. ¦¦...-
McGILVERY— In this - city, October 3, 1901.
Ellen McGllvery, beloved mother of Thomas.
Richard and Ellen McGilvery and Mrs. An-
nie Cordy of Sacramento, a native of Ire-
land, aged 69 years 1 months and 13 days.
OS^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the West Side
Christian Church, Bush street,' between Scott
and Devisadero.
McGUIRE— In :San Lorenzo, October 2, 1901.
John McGuire, beloved uncle of Mrs. P.
Sugren, a native of County Fermanagh, Ire-
land, aged -74 year*. ¦ ¦ ' •¦ • -
|C?"Friends and acquaintinces aTe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in San Lorenzo, thence to All Saints'
Church; Haywards, for services. Interment
Catholic Cemetery, Haywards.
MULHOLLAND-At St. Helena. October 2,
1901, William W., beloved husband of Sarah
Mulholland, ' father of James, Edward,
George, May and Mabel Mulholland, and
brother of Mrs: P. Rodden and George Mul-
holland, a native ¦ of San Francisco, aged 45
years 3 months and 23 days. - - .
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Saturday); at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1G09 Fifth street. West Berkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn reaulem mass -will be celebrated for
• the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:50
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
NIGUET— In this city, October 3. 1901, Dora,
beloved wife -of Charles Niguet. and mother
of Bertha. Niguet, a. native .of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 49 years and 2 months.
B^"Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from y the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween -Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
: O- F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
OSHORN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 4, 1901, Annie Osborn, a native of
California, . aged 31- years. .;
PERES— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
Mober 3, 1901. Demetro Pere*. a. native of La-
drone Islands, aged ¦ 24 years. - - ¦• .
SUNKEL— In Alameda. October 4. 1901, Mary
Sunkel, beloved wife of Frederick Sunkel.
and mother of Joseph, Frederick and Thomas
Sunkel, Mrs. ' W. Kachendorf er and Mrs. B.
C. Tos-s. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years
4 months and 11 days.
TAGLIAFERRO-In this city, October 4, 1901.
• Andrea Tagliaferro, a native of Italy, aged
55 years -4 months and 28 days. «J •
TEESE— In 'this city, October 4. 1901. Fred-
erick Teese, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
E. Grant and Louis Teese, and devoted uncle
of Adelaide, Delia, William L. and George
David Grant, a native of Philadelphia, aged
• 71 Terrs 3 months and 3 days. . - -
|C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 2709 Mission street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth, interment Laurel
H1U Cemetery. - - .' '
UDY— In Oakland, October 4, 1901. Mary Udy.
wife of Hender C. Udy, and grandmother of
Leland, Irwln and MHton Farbanks, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 83 years 2 months and 21
"days. (Livermore papers please copy.)
• C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Free
Baptist Church. Twenty-flrst etreet. between
San P?.blo avenue and Brush street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
VIEHL— In this city, October 2. 1901. George
Viehl. a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
OFFICERS and members of Valley Lodge No.
30, A. O. U. "W., are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral of our late brother. George
Viehl. from the parlors of McGinn Broe., 31
¦ Eddy street, ' to-day (Saturday), - at 10
' o'clock. By order ofi • -
F. V W. HARRIS. M. W.
THOS H. LORD. Recorder. -.
Shanahan Florist Co.
£-£ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.'
107 POWELL ST.nuaELLIS £££5056
sister of Mrs. Bessie Wills. ' Agnes Glennon,
'Frank and Thomas Hoyne and the late Mrs.
S. M. Duarte of Monterey. Cal., a native of
¦ Grass Valley.- (Grass > Valley - papers > please
copy.) . .....
¦ *tE?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), , at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel" of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
, pany, 2479 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence to St. Paul's Church, corner • of
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass wiir be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. :\ " ' . .
BALLETO— In Hacienda, October 2. 1901, Nico-
las, dearly beloved husband of Felicitas .Bal-
leto, and father of Trini Balleto and Mrs.
Lennie Fickett, a native of Gibraltar, Spain,
aeed «0 years. . . "
C3' Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral : to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 193fi Mason street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. * Notice— Officers and mem-
bers of Spanish Mutual Benevolent Society
are roauested to attend. " - ¦• - • : , .
BORGUN- In this city, October 1, 1901. An-
thony Bureu;i, a native of France, aged 73
years.' - - ' ¦ , ¦£ •¦-, ¦ ..'- • - ¦ ;. '¦'
Ky Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. :
BURKHARDT— In . this , city, October 3, 1901,
Walter A., dea;ly beloved son of George and
the late Anna Burkhardt, and beloved brother
of Georse, Albert. Robert, -Amelia, Edward,
Frank and Nettie Burkhardt, Mrs. A. D.
Cameron and ¦ Mrs. A. C Lsdeme, a native
of San- Francisco, aged 22 years 8 months
and 11 days. .• -
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully fnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
: his parents, 220 Thirteenth street, between
Howard and Mission, thence to Masonic
Temple, ' corner of^ Post" and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of 'Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and
i A. M-. commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
1 ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric fu-
neral car from Fourteenth and Mission
. streets.' , : , ' *
CRANZ— In this city, October -4, 1301, Dr.
. Frank H. 'Cranz, beloved husband of Emma
Cranz, father of Louis and Ethel Cranz. T and
only son of Mrs. Kate and' L,. Cranz. a na-
. tive of Los Angele3, aged 26 years 10 months
and 20 days. A member of San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Magnolia Lodge No-
41, A. O. t U. W. .
Er^Friendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the : funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 1447 Sacramento street, between Leav-
enworth and Hyde, thence to Native Sons 1
Hall, 414 Mason street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Sequoia Parlor
No. 160, ,.N. S. G. W., commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
¦ Pleas5 omit flowers. •
DAW— In this city, October 3, 1901, John A..
, beloved husband of Mary C. Daw, and son
of Edward and 'the late Catherine C. Daw,
a.' native- of San Francisco, asred 32 years. -
; •'¦•'¦ lCFrlends and acqualn-^ancee arerespect-
¦ f uily ¦ invited to attend . the funeral to-day
<Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.-,. 7C7 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. \ . > •
EDWARDS-In Oakland, October 1, 1901, Ed-
ward Edwards, beloved father of C. H. and
EJ. E. JEdwards, Mrs. A. Schad and G. L.
and'. F. S. Edwards, brother of Mrs. E. J.
Tayntor, and jcrandfather of Lloyd, Emilie
and Grace Edwards and George and Lloyd
Schad, a native of New York City, aged 73
, years. •
¦ ILT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at Memo-
rial Hall. I. O. O. F. building, corner of
Seventh and Market streets, San Francisco,
under the < auspices of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3. I. O. O. F.* Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlora of Albert
Brcwn, 468 Thirteenth street, Oakland.
ELLIOTT— In Menlo Park, October 4, 1901.
Hanorah Sarah, wife of Francis H. Elliott,
mother of Percy, Francis and Marg-aret El-
liott, and sister of Edward W. Phelan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 yeans.
IG^Notice of funeral hereafter.
FITZGERALD— In this city, October 2, 1901,
Margaret Fitzgerald (nee Handerhan), be-
loved wife of William Fitzgerald, a native
of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 67 years.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
{Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a. requiem . high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at* 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. t
GREENBERG— In this city,' October 3, 1901,
Caroline, relict of Leopold Greenberg, and
beloved aunt of Julius Krambach,- a, native
" of Saxony, Germany.
••Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 228 Second avenue. Richmond District.
Interment Home of Peaee Cemetery by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. By special request' please omit
flowers.
GLEESON— In this city, October 4, 1901, John,,
beloved. husband of Julia Gleeson, and father
of Ellen, William, James, Julia,. Norah and
Sarah Gleeson, a. native of Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 64 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-momm
(Sunday),' at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 132 Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the -repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ~
HOWARD-Imthis city, October 3, 1901, Nellie
.• A. Howard, sister of Mrs. Magrle Smith, a
native 'of San Francisco, ased 39 years.
(H^Frlends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-,
.ment Holy Crors Cemetery.
HOEY— In this city, October 3. 1901. Laurence
J. Hoey, a native of Ireland, aged 35 years
6 1! montbs'and 11 days.
IE?" Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
HARRIS— In this city. October 2, 1901, Collln
B.. beloved husband of May Harris, and
father of Earl and Enid Harris, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 37 years 3 months and 15
days. - - . - •
. E~?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to* attend the funeral to-dav
. (Saturday), e.t 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1C9 Collins-wood street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral
. car from Eighteenth and Collingwood streets.
HENSHAW— In Oakland. October 4, 1901. at 115
• Moss avenue. Edward Pyler Henshaw,
| .brother of W. G., Judge F. W. and Tyler
Hei.shaw. . **
HARTNETT— Entered into rest in this city.
October 3, 1901, Jeremiah Hartnett. beloved
brother of Lawrence and John Hartnett and
Mrs. Philip O'Connor, a native. of San Fran-
cisco, a.ed 48 years.
' tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock. ' from 1519 Hyde-
street. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.; -
HAMUX- In Oakland. October i. 1501, Min-
nie A. A., wife of L. A. Kamlin, a native of
New Tori*. •: . . •
KELLY— In this city, October 2, 1901. Timothy,
beloved husband of the late Sarah Kelly, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. F. G. Williams.
: Mru. H. -A. Mlers, Mrs. William Parquer and
William Kelly, a native of County. Cork.
Ireland, aged 67 years. . ¦ (
Iu7Friend9 and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2910 Sacramento street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, wljpre a solmen re-
i quiem high mass will T>e celebrated for the
j repose of his- soul at, 10 o'clock. Interment
I Holy Cross Cemetery.
i LORING— In this city. October 3. 1331, William
! Henry, beloved husband of Esther A. Loring.
I antl father of Mrs. Grace L. Williams and
Mrs.' Walter F. Van BerjrJn. a native of
. Dorchester, Mass,, aged 66 years.
• CETFuneral services to-day . (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of his (laugh-
* : ter," Mrs. Walter F. Van Bergen, 2718 Cali-
fornia ¦ street. ' ; Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AJiD EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.* .
?¦' ';• '¦ Telephone South SO. • ..
Ml. Olivet Cemetery,
.- San • Mateo' County. '- . '%', .' "
; OFFICE 916 MARKET STRBET.V^
J. HENDSRSOX. Manasrw.
I jaMbs McGinn,
I Formerly., with; McGinn Bros., has, opened
new .Funeral Parlors at 214 ,Eddy St., bet.
i Taylor and Jones. ¦ Telephone South 576.' -..- '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
'27 and 25 Fifth st. Tel. South 167:. .
. : FUNERAL 4.DXRECT0R3' AHD EMBALME88..
• Finest' : Equipment at j_ Moderate Rates/'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. .
Samuel McFadden. ;18 years manager: for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. : with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with. J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. "have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street,, between Seventh and
Eighth.? Telephone South 44. : - fl j
OREMATiOT^
The Odd fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Labos ave.. S.F., ¦ Cal. .' ,
The ordinance -prohibiting burials ' in: San
Francisco after the -first day or- August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less ¦ harmful to ¦ the • living than • the
ashea of their dead. * -.--.. ¦¦--..-
."¦ Permits to . cremate , will . be ' issued J by • the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. *
GEORGE R. ; FLETCHER. • Blanager.LANDLORD HENRY
ASKS LEGAL AID
"Warrant Out for Arrest
of Woman and Real
Estate Man.
C. F. Henry, who until a few days ago
was the proprietor of the Audubon Hotel
at 1105 Hyde street, secured a warrant
from Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of Mrs. Minnie Leslie, alias Ellis,
alias Henry, and Henry F. Kredo, real
estate agent in the Flood building, on the
charge of felony embezzlement. It Is al
leged that the woman and Kredo have
left the city- together and Detective Cody
has been detailed by Captain Seymour to
discover their whereabouts.
The woman was employed as house
keeper by Henry and called herself Mrs.
Henry. Henry left for a trip East Sep
tember 5, and as he wanted to sell out he
placed the matter In Kredo's hands, fix
ing his price at $4500. He had asked that
sum from Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert, who came
from the country, and were anxious to
purchase.
Henry returned from the East last "Wed
nesday and found Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert
in, possession of the hotel. They explain
ed that last Saturday they bought the
premises through Kredo from Mrs. Henry,
who alleged that she was Henry's wife,
for $3500. Henry made an investigation
and discovered that the woman and her
two children left the hotel early Sunday
morning and that Kredo disappeared at
the same time. Henry declares that the
woman had no authority whatever to sell
the property and will commence a civil
suit to-day to recover it. The loss will
fall upon Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert, who. are
innocent dupes of the woman and Kredo.
FATHER YORKE CANNOT SAVE
HEARST. See the Wasp cartoon this week. •
Did lt ever strike you that you can buy Jesse
Moore Whiskey for the same prict that is paid
for just ordinary whiskey? . . • •
Henry A. Cline of this city, a thirty
third degree.Mason, left for
Washington, D. C, to attend the Supreme
Council of the United States. Mr. Cline
will be absent for five weeks.
High Mason Goes East.
The suit of E. D. McCabe, formerly
Building and Loan Commissioner, to com
pel State Controller E. P. Colgan to issue
a warrant for $66 35 as payment for ser
vices which McCabe "claimed he per
formed after his successor in office,
Charles M. Shcrtridge, had been appoint
ed, -was heard before Judge Sea-well yes
terday. It Is practically a suit to deter
mine whether McCabe orShortridge Is en
titled to the Commlssionership. The pro
ceedings were continued until -next Fri
day at 2 p. m.
McCabe-Colgan Suit on Trial.
Bolander is credited with having ac
complished splendid work in adjusting the
grievances between the association and
the mill hands employed by them. Soon
after the strike, he used every effort' to
cause a better feeling to exist between
employer and employe in this branch of
industry and he succeeded to a' marked
degree. ' ¦ ''¦ • ¦ ¦ '
Andrew Wilkie acted as chairman at the
banquet. During the repast Mr. Bolander
was presented with a handsome silver ser
vice by the members of the association.
L. P. Bolander, president of the San
Francisco Planing Mills Association, was
tendered a banquet by members of the as
sociation last evening at the California
Hotel. -
Highly Honored by the Association.
To-I>ay's NewV Letter.
"Disorganized Labor" is the expressive
title of the featured editorial in this
week's News Letter. This bright weekly
Ik a* full of interest as an egg of meat
this issue.' The peculiarities of Paris are
described in an entertaining style by Ben
C. Truman and the respective departments
of Lady Algy and Mrs. Chauncey De Wit
will be read with eagerness. Wallace Ir
wln has -written some society verse en
titled "The Social Hack's Protest." The
Looker On and the Town Crier are full of
newsy narrative and tne tabasco of wit. ?
Lecture on Slavonic Race.
A lecture on the origin, history, coun
try, literature, customs and present con
dition of the Slavonic people will be given
by the Rev. Sebastian Dabovich at Met
ropolitan Temple Thursday evening. Oc
tober 10. The lecture will be for the bene
fit of the new cathedral fund. There will
be music and national costumes will be
displayed.
It's an easy matter for a married mar
to get next to the latest word in use.
The statement of Mme. Le Gonidec that
Mr. Metcalf nad not accounted to her
was true, for Mr. Metcalf. as executor of
the estate, was obliged to account only
to the estate, and has accounted to the
estate for the proceeds of the sale, and if
Mme. Le Gonidec wins her case against
the estate the money is there for her.
Mr. Metcalf charges himself with $95,
054 14 collected. Of that amount $79,999 95
has been paid by him to the heirs under
orders of partial distribution already
made In the estate. The account shows
other expenditures, and that there Is a
balance of raors than $11,000 to met the
expenses of administration.
Mr. Metcalf, having no evidence of the
right of Mme. Le Gonidec to the money,
and not knowing anything at all about
the alleged purchase of the stock by Mme.
Le Gonidec, as executor of the estate of
the deceased of course had to reject the
claim, and it is upon that rejected claim,
as executor, that the suit was brought.
Partial Distribution of Estate.
Miss Mary Marjraret Isabella Murphy
subscribed for $5000 of the stock of thjg
Ban Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway Compary. Victor H. Metcalf was
the attorney in fact for Miss Murphy at
that time. After Miss Murphy's death
Mme. Le Gonidec claimed that she had
purchased the stock from her sister and
demanded from Mr. Metcalf, the executor
of Mary Margaret Isabella Murphy, the
$5000 received by him from the sale of that
stock.
The estate is a valuable one. The
amounts collected, in addition to the ap
praisement, show the estate to be worth
over $400,000. The principal asset is a
five-twenty-fourths interest in the build
ing at the corner of Market, McAllister
and Jones streets, where J. J. O'Brien
formerly had his place of business.
An examination of the report explains
the suit brought by Frances J. Le Goni
dec against Victor H. Metcalf, concerning
which &uit Th»* Call wishes to correct an
erroneous statement made at the time of
the filing of that complaint reflecting upon
Mr. Metcalf.
Estate Is Very Valuable.
Victor H. Metcalf, as executor of: the
estate of Mary Margaret Isabella Mur
phy, deceased, filed his final account and
report yesterday afternoon. The report
is an interesting one, showing the amount
of work dene in the estate and the com
plications which have existed over the
probate of the will. It was claimed that
there were three. wills of different dates,
in all of which Mr. Metcalf was named
as the executor. The papers in the estate
show that the different wills made differ
ent dispositions of the property. The va
rious heirs of the deceased, after nego
tiations extending over two years, ad-
Justed their various claims to the estate.
The first will filed by Mr. Metcalf was
then admitted to probate. The relatives
of the deceased share in the estate as fol
lows:
Mme. de Dominguez. thirteen forty
eighths; Mme. Le Gonldec. thirteen forty
elgrhths; Daniel T. Murphy, eleven forty
eighths; Anna T. Wolseley, eleven ninety
sixths, and the two minor children of the
deceased brother each. receive eleven one
hundred-and-iiiriety-seconds.
General W. H. L. Barnes, whom Da
voust had declared to be a leader in the
movement,, sent a communication to the
Press Club board of managers and also
appeared before them in person. He said
that he had been approached by Davoust,
and after the latter's scheme was unfold
ed had scented trickery and absolutely
refused to permit his name to be used
unless he received authentic assurance
from the officers of the club that the
proposition was bona fide. When the gen
eral was told that Davoust had put him
forward as a prime mover in the "bene
fit" plan and that he had even been de
clared to have suggested . that Davoust
and his associates should get 25 per cent
of the gross proceeds for their efforts m
promoting The affair he denounced the
schemer in emphatic language.
John P. Gallagher also appeared before
the board, and others on Davoust's "com
mittee" sent communications in effect
similar to that of General Barnes.
Having heard these statements the club
managers summoned Davoust before
them, presumably to have him explain
his plans more fully. He was led on by
questioning until the full details of his
nefarious project were- laid bare. Then
he was Informed of the result of the
club's Investigation and in a way that al
most took his breath away. President
Stover gave warning that any further at
tempt on his part to make use of the
club name would be prosecuted, and called
upon the steward to show the "grafter"
to the door.
Davoust was well equipped with sta
tionery bearing the names of prominent
men as his associates in the "benefit"
project. It is understood, that he is at
tempting to interest other clubs in simi
lar schemes in connection with the Mc-
Kinley monument fund.
General Barnes Indignant.
Martial Davoust called upon the officers
of the Press Club on Wednesday. He
claimed to represent a committee cf citi
zens ¦ including- in its membership such
well known men as I. J. Truman, General
Barnes, G. H. Umbsen, Major Hooper,
John P. Gallagher and a number of oth
ers. This committee, he explained, had
started a movement for a benelit to swell
the monument fund, which it desired to
give under the auspices of some reputable
club, which should lend its name -to the
affair and have charge of the financial
end. Davoust was told that the Press
Club would consider the matter and give
him an answer on Friday. .
An investigation was at once instituted,
and the alleged members of Davousfs
committee were communicated with,
the result b_eing about what the Press
Club officers had surmised. It was found
that Davoust had induced citizens to en
ter into his plans by claiming to represent
the Press Club : and then had sought to
interest the club by posing as the repre
sentative of the citizens' committee.
Seeking to profit by the national grief
over the death of President McKinley,
the so-called "charity benefit promoters"
are abroad In the city. One of them came
to grief yesterday in an effort to inveigle
a number of prominent citizens into a
scheme whereby he . and his confederates
could "work" the city for contributions
toward the McKinley monument fund. He
made a mistake by attempting to make
use of the Press Club, many of whose
members are familiar with the records of
his ilk.
Murphy Estate Executor
Distributes Wealth
to the Heirs.
"Charity Promoters" Use
Name3 of Leading
Citizens.
METCALF FILES
FINAL ACCOUNT
SEEK TO PROFIT
BY NATION'S WOE
The Franciscan fathers in. charge of St.
Anthony's Church yesterday celebrated
the feast of St. Francis of Assissium,
their founder, after whom the city of
San Francisco is named. The date is In
timately connected with the history. 'of
San Francisco, for in 1776 the first church
at the Presidio of San Francisco was ded
icated on the feast day. The services
consisted of a solemn high mass and a
sermon by Rev. Father Sesnon of San
Rafael, who spoke in part as follows:
. If there were charity in our hearts, would
we have read of the assassination of our dear
President? What led on to it? The want of
charity and the love of our neighbor. Let us
pray to-day that good St. Francis will ask
Almighty God for a censorship of the. press
so that we need not read of so much vituper
ation and so much fighting and scandal. It
seems as if when people have troubles to-day
they rush to the press and think they can get
their revenge that way. If the good St. Fran
cis were to appear on Market street to-day and
on the water front, he would say: "Go, boys,
and make up. Look" at the life of Him who
died on the cross for . ub and try to make ! up
and don't stain our beautiful town with sucn
deeds as have taken place. Not violence, not
vituperation, not calumny to arouse ' the pas
sions of men did St. Francis teach, but he
taught them the -way to Almighty God.. Let
me say this: Oh, if we could. only have a spark
of the love of Christ in our hearts, . the love
which filled the heart of St. Francis, then
the world would j be changed. Our ' beautiful
city, which is the pride of the coast and of
the United States, would then be a Christian
and a perfect city because the reign of Christ
would prevail. : Christ • would be known ; and
loved and the * enemies of men— the flesh ' and
the devil— would be put down."
Franciscan Fathers Celebrate the An
niversary of the Feast of the
Founder of the Order.
I am much pleased with the outlook. The
teamsters are satisfied with conditions such as
they are, and are accepting | them unhesita
tingly. I believe that the peace will be a
lasting- one. Both sides have suffered greatly,
but the hatchet is buried now, and confidence
between the teamsters and draymen Is again
restored. Speaking for the draymen, I will
ray that they are willing- to forget the past;
and they look to the . developments of . the
future with confidence. Before a week has
passed everything will be working? ( smoothly
again, and my greatest wish is that we -have
REMEMBER IN HOLY MASS
THE CITY'S PATRON SAINT
Manager George Renner of the Dray
men's Association made the following
statement yesterday:
The total number of teams in the city
aggregates about 1200. With 500 teamsters
given places yesterday and nearly. 300 non
union men still employed, places for 400
more teamsters remain to be filled. Many
of the larger firms sent the greater num
bers of their horses to the country at the
beginning of the strike, and as soon as
these are returned to the city they will
put on more men and run at their full
capacity.
The scenes about the various stables
yesterday were gratifying to employers
as well as the teamsters tnemselves. The
men were ready to resume their long in
terrupted labor, and for the first time the
non-union teamsters approached the old
time strikers without tear of being at
tacked. A few of the non-union team
sters in the employ of Farnsworth .&
ttuggles were timid of going Into the
streets without police escorts, and in or
der to satisfy them several police .were
sent out with them. No other instance
of the use of police on trucks during the
day was reported.
The numbers of union teamsters rein
stated in their positions yesterday, by, the
larger firms are as follows:
McNab &; Smith 40, Farnsworth & Rug
gles 30, Stetson & Renner 22, 'Western
freight and Transfer Company 20, Mor
ton Drayag* Company 10, Englander
Bros. 10, G. W. Emmons 10, Cutter & Co.
9, Grove Ayers & Co. 9, Bocarde Drayage
Company 10, M. Burns & Co. 6, J. S. Ja
cobs Company 10, Overland Freight Trans
fer Company 30.
Few Specials Employed.
It was an extremely lively day in dray
ing and teaming circles. For the first
time in many weeks the wheels of trucks
which had grown rusty for want of use
were greased and the vehicles placed in
commission. Teamsters who had. been
upon a more or less enforced holiday for
a corresponding period vaulted into their
seats witn aiacruy, and witn a cracking
or whiplashes which resemDied artillery
In action entered upon the discharge of
tneir auty.
.from leiiable figures gathered at the
headquarters of me Draymen's "Associa
tion auring the day it is Known that fully
500 teamsters, or tx> per cent of tne total
union membership, were reinstated in
tneir old positions. Many will be disap
pointed because of tne employment of
non-union men, whom the larger dray
men decline to discnarge in order to give
tne old teamsters tneir places. There w
some grumDling at this, DUt the men are
accepting the situation philosopnicaiiy
and little friction has developed. All In
all, the developments of the day were sat
isfactory to an concerned. . •¦
There are 240 araying firms connected
with the Draymen's Association. Of tills
number less than twenty ttrms employ
more than twenty men. The firm having
the greatest number, of teams is McNao
& Smith, they having 115 trucks engaged
in the draying business. Over 2W draymen
employ from one to ten men, while twenty
employ from ten to twenty, teamsters.. In
tne cases of the smaller draymen nearly
all reinstated their > teamsters yesterday
morning. According to reports from these
draymen, some 350 teamsters were given
places on trucks. Among the larger con
cerns the percentage ot non-union men
still employed ranges from 31) to 50. Many
of these men, however, are from the
country and came here to work during
the pendency of the strike in order to lay
aside a "stake" for the winter. While
many of them will remain in their posi
tions, it is estimated that fully one-half
will gradually give up their positions and
return home. As these vacancies occur
they will naturally be filled by the ap
pointment of union men.
terms of ' the - agreement were
taken quietly and in good spirit. Both
teamsters and water front laborers ap
plied for work, and where it; was ; given
them they took their places by the side
of non-union men without protest.. .-'
THE efforts of the strike leaders to
hold the men in line- were suc
cessful, yesterday, and the first
steps of the fulfillment of. the
seen the last of disagreements such as have
occupied our attention for nearly three months
past. . ¦
LONGSHOREMEN IN LINK
The Santa Fe road, reports as follows:
For the first two months of the present
fiscal : year, July and August, the. gross
earnings amounted to $9,704,572, an increase
of $1,753,681 over the same two months of
last year. ' Operating expenses were
$5,642,045, an increase of ISS^l.' Net earn
ings amounted to $4,062,526, an increase ol
$1,213,720. i After deducting taxes and rent
als the Income from operating was $3,722,
209, an increase of $1,201,616.
The Santa Fe and the California and
Northwestern: railroads show splendid re
ports of their earnings for the months of
July and August. Tne . gross . earnings of
the California and Northwestern for July
and August was $215,993, an increase of
$11,421 over the same period of the year
before. Operating expenses and taxes
were $125,469, an increase of $16,189. Net
earnlrgs amounted to $90,584, an increase
of • $476«. The surplus was ' $45,044, an in
crease of $4584.' -
The freight blockade ¦; of the Southern
Pacific Company is being broken. One
hundred freight cars . were released from
the Oakland yards yesterday and brought
over to this side of the bay. The trans
portation officials stated that they expect
that fully 200 cars will be released to-day
and that hereafter the working of the
freight department will go along without
a hitch. . : ;
Increased Earnings.
FREIGHT IS NOW MOVING
ON BOTH SIDES OF BAY
The Santa Fe Road and California
Northwestern Report Materially
The O'Farrell-street police station will
be reopened this morning at 7 o'clock.
This station was closed and the men de
tailed there were withdrawn at the time
the strike was declared and were sent to
guard trucks. Sergeant Perrin, who was
in charge of the Seventeenth-street sta
tion, has been sent back to the O'Farrell
streef station with all of the men who
were there prior to the strike.
O'Farrell-Street Station Opened.
So far the members of the union stand
firm." The ; non-union- men engaged dur
ing the. strike have proved satisfactory
and none of the contractors are idle on
account of the union's stand. This mat
ter of the, foreman is the only question in
volved. Wages and hours are up to union
requirements 'and up to the time of the
strike union labor was given the prefer
ence.
The pile drivers and bridge builders who
struck in 'sympathy -with the teamsters
have so' far refused to return to work.
The contractors insist that the regular
foremen shall not be members of the un
ion. They take the stand that as a' fore
man is the direct representative of the
employer it is not right that he should
divide with any union the allegiance he
owes the man he represents..
Contractors Insist on Having Non-
Union Foremen.
PILE-DRIVERS STHX OUT.
; The strike leaders now believe that they
have got all the water front unions in
lino with the terms ' of the settlement.
The longshoremen met last night at the
sailors' headquarters on East street.
From the dissatisfaction openly expressed
by members, of the union since peace was
declared fears were entertained that this
.organization would break away from, the
federation and the peace compact.
Andrew Furuseth and Rev. Peter C.
Yorke talked to the men at some length
and' succeeded in persuading . them that
the settlement was for their own best.in
terests. When the meeting adjourned the
men dispersed to their homes apparently
well satisfied that within a week or so
they would; all be ¦ back at work again.
With. all the union's in line, the leaders
now . express , themselves as -confident of a
speedy return to the old conditions.
Strike Leaders Pour Oil on Huff led
Waters.
* . FEW . more union % longshoremen
J\ went to work f yesterday and
j X^\ Quite a number of sailors were
A S\ shipped on board coastwise ves-
i-ves "sels,- but ' the men that walked
out eleven weeks ago will have quite a
little waiting to do before they find pay
day the regular and substantial institu
tion it "was before "the-" strike. ' •
- For marine firemen there . Is little de
mand. The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, with which the firemen broke their
contract, is the only line of any conse
quence that employed union firemen ex- '
clusively and for the present the Pacific
Coast steamers are fully equipped in this
respect. ' In addition to the union firemen
now on the beach there is a number of
firemen, jwho,. while not members of the
union, were paid by the union to refrain
from, working during the " strike." These
men and the men at present employed
will have equal chances with the. union
men for such vacancies as present them
selves.
This condition of affairs and their in
ability to secure immediate work caused
considerable uneasiness in the ranks of
the union firemen. <They called a meet
ing yesterday morning and it took all the
persuasive powers of the strike leaders to
induce them to keep faith with the terms
of the settlement.
The boarding houses established on the
various docks will probably be abandoned
by;the end of the week. A number of un
ion men will probably be engaged upon
application this morning to work at dis
charging the , Umatilla. The " Mariposa,
which arrives '.on the 9th, and the Ala
meda, which sails October 12, will afford
openings for the return to work of a
number of union men. There will also be
work for I some of them on the Pacific
Mail dock during next week.
Those. union men that have gone'to work
have been given to understand clearly
that no hazing of non-union laborers will
be tolerated. The . Pacific Coast Com
pany took . back several union coal team
sters. All of them were told plainly that
any Interference, by act or word, with
their non-union fellow workers would be
considered cause for instant dismissal.
C. A. McPhee, the lumber stevedore,
yesterday discharged a union longshore
man for, attempting to put a non-union
man out of business with a piece of scant
ling. The union man, a big scantling in
his hand, rushed across the wharf and in
stead of. piling lumber in the proper place
threw it with considerable violence to
ward where a non-union man was work
ing. The non-union man saved himself a
broken leg by jumping. McPhee witness
ed the incident and discharged the union
man on the spot.
Andrew Furuseth said yesterday- that
things were going as well as could be ex
pected; that quite a number of union sail
ors had been shipped, and that the pros
pects were good for finding work for all
in a short time. . .-. ¦
TO RAISE THE BOYCOTT.
Executive Committee of Labor Coun
- cil Recommends That Course. ,
The San Francisco Labor Council met
in executive session last night and for
several hours considered the report of the
executive committee recommending the
raising of the boycott previously declared
on account of conditions growing out of
the strike.
The recommendation- met with some op
position by certain delegates, who advised
that action be deferred until all the final
arrangements in the matter of the settle
ment of the strike were completed. A
motion to postpone action until the next
meeting prevailed.
Various reports of delegates tending to
show that, the local unions were in sym
pathy with the machinists in their strike
for nine hours were received.
. The announcement was made that a pic
nic would be held at Shell Mound Park
on October 20,- the proceeds to be devoted
to the machinists' strike fund.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train' leaves San
Francisco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco $80, Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dining-car, Pullman sleepers.
Limit , sixty days. Low sWe-trip rates.
Optional itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street. Ban Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
JURY ACQUITS CLANCY
OF CHARGE OF MURDER
The Slayer of Attorney J. N. K Wil
son Leaves Judge " Iiawlor 's
Courtroom a Free Man.
Patrick Clancy, special officer, was ac
quitted by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday on the charge of murder for
shooting and killing Attorney J. N. , E.
Wilson in his office, 320 Sansome street,
May 27 last." The case was . given to the
jurors shortly after 10 o'clock yesterday
morning, and six hours later they re
turned to the courtroom with the verdict.
Clancy's daughter, who was sitting be
side him, threw her arms around his neck
and passionately kissed him when the ver
dict was announced.
Clancy left the courtroom soon after
ward with his daughter and brother. The
verdict was a complete surprise i to the
District; Attorney's office 8 and was ac
counted for on the ground of the dead at
torney's bad reputation.
The jurors were: Thomas G. Taylor. C.
Hazelrigg, Paul Girsch, Julius Radston,
Edmund Kallafrath, Alfred Auerbach> W.
C. Mysell, Paul Franke, James Humph
rey, Charles Bloomer, John A. ¦ Whiteside
and Charles W. Doe.
GBANB JURY INQUIRES \
INTO .ELECTION" FBATTDS
Examines Witnesses, to Ascertain, if
Edward F. Botteron Voted Twice
1 \ at the Primaries.
The Grand; Jury, began an Investigation
yesterday" into a series of frauds alleged
to have been committed at the primary
election. Witnesses were examined to as
certain if Edward F. Botteron had voted
twice in the Thirtieth general precinct of
the Thirty-third Assembly District. The
testimony developed that the name of Ed
ward F. Botteron was signed twice to the
roster of voters who had cast their bal
lots, and an attempt was made to prove
that . Botteron had signed his own name
in the two instances. The investigation
was not concluded when the Grand Jury
adjourned. ¦• . *
The Grand Jury also had under inves
tigation the case of L. L. Nott, a striker,
who was arrested for taking a star from
a special policeman. .
IMvorce Proceedings.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Frederick H. Brown from
Lavine Grace Brown, cruelty; . Emilie
Olschefskl from Frederick Olschefski,
cruelty; Peter J. Kernan from Annie St.
V. de P. Kernan, desertion; Sofle Frese
from Herman -¦ Frese, desertion; Elise
Schoknecht from Herman Schoknecht,
failure to provide.
Clotilde ' M. McPherson was divorced
from Benjamin C. McPherson for failure
to. provide, and Ethel Mumford from
George D.Mumford -on the gTound of
willful desertion. Mrs. Mumford is a lit
erary woman, and brought the suit for
divorce because her husband, who is now
in New York, objected to her carrying on
her, work. ,-.:'.. " .; . '
Dismissed Officers' File Suits.
"W; Shields, Cornelius ¦ T.' Kelly, Pat
rick J. ' Jones, • John J. Allen, Jeremiah
McCarthy and Joseph. Enwrighti have ap
plied to the Superior Court for: writs of
mandate directed to the Board of Police
Commissioners 'compelling that body to
restore i them to duty- as .police officers.
They base their demands on the section
of the. charter "which provides that police
officers tnuit be tried before they can be
dismissed.
Strikers Carry Out Terms of Agreement by Applying to Employers
for Work, and as Many as Possible Are Given Employment
Labor Council Postpones Mption to Raise Boycotts*
TEAMSTERS ARE AGAIN ON TRUCKS
AND UNION MEN LABOR ON DOCKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; •SATURDAY, OCTOBEB 5, 1901.
14
All holders of Call Atlas
coupons who desire to secure
a copy of The Call premium
Atlas are requested to present
their coupons at the Business
Office of this paper as soon
as possible. Atlases are now
ready for distribution.
PRESENT COUPONS
FOR CALL ATLAS
Hale'a. { Bale's. /
Flannelette Wrappers.
The warmer house" dresses are here. e^^f^t!
were careful - where we -got-them; careful about Vf'J;j;| •
the quality of cloth; careful to see that plenty «•$: ¦.•a\ A
of it was used; careful about the se.win$r. care- £EfcMK2y 1
ful about the trimmings. There's fully as \M&W/ 1
much care taken with them at every step as it
you.made them yourself. Only difference is in • If/ Ali\
O5C Each— Heavy flannelette; ruffles over. the : |TK||| if *>*
shoulder, . braid trimmed, bishop sleeves,: : : \\ \Wk rU£i>
flounce around the bottom; colors, dark blue ; : \i i»l.
and red figured; sizes, 34 to «. - •-; .; , \\ f|1> ; j\
SI.— o— (Like illustration). Striped flannelette, : *l '¦"'&£&
Wshop sleeves, ruffles over the shoul- . fi ififtft
der and round the yoke; trimmed with braid, : » if (W IVi
flounce on the bottom; every size. r j?ftf/||A
S1.45— Dark figured flannelette; pleated backs, 1-t. if ?£-/|ji\
sailor collars, flounced; even; size. .._;.. Mu if&/M\\
Best 25c Molasses Candy 15c. Mr&fflm.
It's as pure and good and wholesome as it MML^^MS^^^^
you made it yourself. We have it made our- y^9iffW^(%t^^<^r
selves-make it as we sell it. So it could C4^/#/*nV| W&8&7
not be fresher or better. It's the same pood **hM&$JJkjlH£kg&
chewing molasses taffy that you pay usually "*%»s^-
25c for.- A pound to-day i5 c -
Three Packages Salted Peanuts lOc.
Stylish Veilings 25c Yard.
The variety is wonderfully interesting, their newness wonderfully
tempting. First are the plain and fancy meshes, with or without dots, some
have chenille, others velvet, others self dots. Next in line are the fancy
gray mixed, black meshes with Persian dots. Then others with srold dots
and fancy gold braid borders. Next come fancy London meshes and then
dotted grenadine and then Brussels nets. All charming styles exploited here
At a 5O t c-£-a C 5?endld 1 chooS5r. embracing 'fancy meshes with silk chenille and
velvet dots, black and white meshes and clusters of black chenille dots; white
nets with fancy borders and embroidered in convent onal designs ; then come
\ n'etrfasrft^^ s&ss&sfzss.
Child's Polka Dot Hose 14c.
They are fine ribbed and seamless; black grounds with white dots, longer
and more elastic than common. Sizes 6 to 9. To-day, for the first time, 14c
a pair.
To-day we add another chapter to .:._;—.!-'
The Iron-Thread Story.
Boys' nnd Girls' 12 l Ac a Pair, $1.38 Dozen.
Satisfactory: That's the secret. Until we got these up we had a hard
time to give satisfaction in children's stockings. As a rule they lose their
shape and wear out in places before they should, but these iron-thread stock-
ings overcome this difficulty. • They're extra heavy, made without seams, fine
ribbed and very elastic. Sizes VA to 9^, I2}4c a pair, or by the dozen $1-38.
Bovs' Bicvcle Ribbed Stockiners 15c— Very heavy, woven from that hard
twisted iron-thread yarn. Sizes, 6 to 10, 15c a pair, $1.65 a dozen.
Women's Stockings, 12Jc a Pair, $1.38 a Dozen.
Some hundred dozen on hand this morning. They have no seams, are shaped,
fine gauge, long and elastic. Sizes. 8»4 to 10.
Ladies' Full Fashioned Stockiners 19c— Or J2.25 a dozen. 300 dozen ready
this morning; real Maco cotton: double soles, heels and toes. Sizes, 8 to 10.
It's a stocking usually sold at 25c. We mark It 19c or a dozen $2.25.
Women's Fancv Stockiners oOc a Pair— The newest and prettiest that have
come to this country this season. Close to fifty styles, including
black and white stripes.
Black stripes on blue, red, lavender —Graduated stripes. ' •
and white grounds. —Black and white checks.
Embroidered plnwheel effects on —20 styles in zigzag lace lisle stockings,
ankle, -with striped tops. . -
SALE TO-DAY
—OF—
Women's Ill-Wool Albatross
-'AND-
French Flannel Waists,
'TT5>» WAISTS, made of all-wool Tricot
I tlv Flannel.v trimmed with braid,
bishop sleeve, fitted waist lining; regular
$1 25 value. • ¦ ¦ ' . '
Q£T/-> WAISTS, made of fine German
€7*Jw- Flannel, dainty colorings In fig-
ures and stripes;, lined throughout; worth
$1 50.
<C1 A.Pi. for WOMEN'S DAINTY *2 25
<j)I»*iO WAISTS, made of fine qual-
ity Flannel, in Red, ' Royal, Blue, Sage
Green and Black;' new French back; latest
. sleeves with newest shape; pointed cuff;
separate stock collar; dressmaker made;
elegantly finished; entire waist lined.
<CO A_Pt l0T WOMEN'S STYLISH $3.50
tpjSimttJ WAISTS, of best quality
. French Flannel, come In all the new col-
ors; very neatly tucked, plaited "' and
stitched; latest eleeve, new cuff, back also
tucked; entire waist lined; . pretty stock
collar; extraordinary value.. . >,
ffQ Qff for one of the most attractive
«!5<>»«J*J WAISTS of the fall styles;
made of fine quality Albatross, in all the
latest' effects, ln solid colors, Dresdens and
stripes; made with fine tucks and effec-
tively trimmed with escurlal laces and but-
tons — a great value. >. .•
SPECIAL CORSET DAY.
OUR GUARANTEE * GOES WITH
EVERY CORSET. WEAR OUR CORSETS
THIRTY DAYS. IF NOT SATISFACTORY
MONEY REFUNDED.
TO-DAY'S CUT PRICES.
• 33c for ' our 50c Corset.
' _ • 48c for our 75c Corset.
75c for our $1 00 Corset.
•> fl.OO. for our $125 Corset.
£1125. for our $150 Corset.
$1.5O lor our $2 0O Corset.
A FEW HOSIERY SNAPS.
Will sell 50 dozen WHITE SPLIT FOOT
WOMEN'S BLACK HOSE; 35c 1 Q —
quality. On sale to-day Pair 1CJV
, v,;- Only 4 pairs to. each customer.
WOMEN'S DROP STITCH, RICHELIEU
RIBBED, BLACK HOSE, colored uppers
of Pink, Red or Blue; regular 25c |B»
quality. Sale price ....Pair IOw
WOMEN'S LISLE THREAD FULL FIN-
ISH BLACK HOSE; 20c quality. |Ql r
On sale ... .Pair l*2v
CHILDREN'S HEAVY, OR , FINE RIBr
.BED EXTRA LONG HOSE, double knee,
' heel and toe; regular value 20c |Ol/t
On sale Pair - I-48W
KNIT UNDERWEAR SPECIALS.
AK.r> for . 75c WOMEN'S ONEITA
Hpw UNION SUITS, ln Gray or Ecru.
Qff- (or $1 50 WOMEN' 8 IMPORTED
UO V SELF-FITTING UNDEHVESTS
: OR PANTS.
OAo for 35c - WOMEN'S WINTER
ZUv WEIGHT FLEECE LINED
VESTS OR PANTS,, in Ecru and Gray.
< .WE'RE OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11
O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor' and Jones.
BHHaUHHHBHHHHBBBHHflBBHHHHHHHa
¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦¦; B
1 ®^nS« '0 American Shoe> S
1 Only in Europe are SOROSIS shoes sold |
5 for more than $3.50 (where restrictive tariff I
1 duties have made it necessary to charge $5.00 §
5 per pair). Their sale has been wonderful. S
¦The price in this country remains $3.50,. |
| notwithstanding the reports circulated that ¦
g they would be sold at $5.00 after December ¦
| i. SOROSIS shoes are only to be had at. 3
I s
§ 50 THIRD STREET, S. F., |
| Second shoe stors from Market. s
RJ * ' ¦''-' '." -¦¦'- ¦*
| Agents for the celebrated Burt & Packard §
g Korrect Shape $4 shoe for men. 1
SBSSaSEBSBBasaaBSaaBSBBESSSQSEiaBEBaBilBlBBBBBfl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal Baking Powder
is 1 made of pure crystal
cream of tartar and is
beyond all question as
to wholesomeness and
strength. Xhe most eco-
nomical to use.
made to order for *& -
One Dollar
' 117 1
J£Lt You get the suit
-gg||pM|^ when you make the
i^|||||||ip first payment, and
iJIIIIIlp i installments are so
||p||||||p \ small that you never
>||gp|3|||| miss the money. We
1||||||I J ¦ carry in stock all the
M%%M%fa latest as well as staple
J^^^^UV fabrics, and our tail-
(llffi «\ orin S is simply per-
I imillll : \ e k eeo ooen un-
llilllilr lil IO o>clock this
Hi? HI (Saturday) evening
) til Ellis St.SF
v EVERY WINEGLASSFUL OF
IS A DOSE OF @
VIGOR AND HEALTH.
At Druggists throughout tjie World.
SPECIAL, BARGAINS ?
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cans SUGAR, 21^ Its. $1.00
Extra Special. Spreckela' Best."
GOLDEN CITY FLOUR, 50-Ib sask.-. . .;83o
Best Fainily Flour. "Reg. 90c.
PICNIC L. BROS.' HAMS me
Eastern Guaranteed— every Ham. - - : -
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square /40c
Regular 50c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .. 45c
"We handle the Best Creameries in the city.
Regular 55c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 25c
Regular 30c
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 37Jj
Mission Eg-js are Scarce.
Regular 45c.
NEW FRENCH PRUNES, .5 lbs 25c v
Regular 3 lbs 25c. *
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best COFFEE, lb. 25c
Our Coffee Js the Best in the "World. Our
friends say so. Regular 35c.
EXTRA PORT AND SHERRY, qt tot. . .25c
Old Stock. Resrular 40c.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds.'. .40c
Regular 60c and 73c lb.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY, qt lot. . .90c
Extra Special. Regular $1 15.
POTATOES, Extra Choice Burtanks, liox.$i.40 v
Regular $1 75. Limit 1 Box.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, 1-Ibcan. ,25c
Regular 30c.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, gal $2.50
/ Extra Special. Regular $3 50.
BEST SUGAR PEAS, Petit Poi3, can. . .12 Jo
Extra French Peas. Regular 20c
NEW.TABLE APRICOTS, 2J-Ib can.". . . .10o
. Extra Special. Regular 20c.
BROMANGELON, Dessert Jelly, pkg. . . .ICo
Regular 15c.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, |-Ih can 20c
Regular 25c.
SWEET CAKES, lb I2?,o
' Fls HO**' J^™ 0 ". Ginger. Ntc-Nacs. Cocoa-
nut Taffy. Reg. 15c and 20c lb.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these Special
Sales. We ship Free of Charge with
every $3 or more within 100 miles. Asls
for monthly price list— Free.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET,
Opp. Seventh. Phone 3. 292. y o Branch Store*.
still %N§ul fir R?J
¦kf M EB ' ¦58 ' mB Bon 8 s*"@i 52
CHJCMMTKR'S ENGLISH
f EHNVBOYAU PILLS
E£\*jr3&^ for CHICHESTEK'S ESGUSH
tC^^SvSl ln . " ED "•* <*old m«t»Ulc box«. «,i«a
teT iKl « ribtxnu Take no other. Rrfnoo
T31 *4JJ Damcerpna SabnUtattens and lmlU*
1 Lt wlrZ* *"' » ' 0Br Dr »«l«- t md 4<j. ia
I Vk iUm P« *> r Particular*, Tentlmanlala
M«att»n ftU p»p«r. Ma«U«o», &n*<m, pnivA. »'2
NEW WESTBRiN HOTEL,
I/EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
•» modeled and renovated. KINO. WARO &
CO. European plan. Rooms, juc to {1 50 day ;
W to JS week: $S to $20 month. Fres baths; hoe
and cold water every room: fire grates in ev-ry
room: elevator runs all nleht.
¥lLES^^i
50 prominent business men sent as* referenciw
Sm^-'-v- F - For Particulars addresS
Pm SICI y^;. box 1930. Call office. ,
Weekly Call, $1 per "Jear