PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, ; 1901^
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 134.
However, Sensational Evidence Is Given in Which
the Captain Is Made to Figure in Qoebel's
RIPLEY WILL NOW DEMAND
PEREMPTORY INSTRUCTIONS
FOR VERDICT OF ACQUITTAL
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 12.— The
prosecution will conclude its tes
timony to-morrow in the case of
Captain Garnett D. Ripley, Goe
bel suspect. The defense will
move for peremptory instructions for a
verdict of acquittal. , Lawyers for the
prosecution do not believe this will be sus
tained, in view of the ruling of the court
permitting the introduction of evidence
as to the conspiracy. They assert that
the evidence of ex-Governor Bradley and
Judge Yost connects Rlpley in a way to
preclude peremptory instructions. ,
them out - He declined unless Taylor
would send telegraphic orders in advance.
Powers said he did not want to usa the
wires, as he could not afforfl to have any
thing revealed.
Shots From Secretary's Office.
Captain Watklns of Williamsburg said
Powers told him the presence of big
crowds of the mountain men would be
taken by Governor Taylor as a pretext for
calling out the troops, and wanted him
to take his company to Frankfort without
orders, but with the assurance that they
would be put into service as soon as they
POLICE UNRAVEL
DENVER MYSTERY
OF STOLEN CHILD
Q.Emile Rivierre, Who Caused Grave
P^llp • l-vl DC LJ\X\L lur I— *1 Vlll^ VV lie?;
G. Emfle Rivlerre, whose escapades have struck the chords of sensation In two
large cities, has shifted the scene of his actions to San Francisco. In New York
he caused a grave to be opened for his wife, though she va3 alive and well; in
Denver he realized handsomely, on his ruse of representing her as dead, and de
serted her, kidnaping her child and disappearing. Last night he was located by
the police in this city, whither he had brought the baby.
The. finding of the kidnaped child adds the most romantic chapter to thn
strange story. It had been thrust into the keeping of a woman on Fell street
by the father, who surrounded his every act with mystery. Half dressed and
ragged the child was introduced into a family of strangers and Its identity was
only yesterday discovered. Meanwhile Its father remains in the city and declares
his intention of taking . the child away with him to-day.
Last Saturday morning Mrs. A. Lage, a widow, who resides with her six
children at 108^ Fell street, was startled when a man with a baby in his arms
"entered hurriedly and deposited his burden on a bed in one of the front rooms.
The man was a total stranger to the woman and his appearance alarmed har.
As soon as she recovered her power of speech she Inquired the meaning of his
queer action and was told that she was 'to keep the child. The youngster was a
boy scarcely three years of age. It was attired as If it had been dressed hur
riedly. Even its little stockings were not mates. The woman and her children
Etood breathless, looking at the stranger, but he offered no further explanation,
and after once more making the request that she give the child a home h«
passed out in the same hurried manner that he had come.
RECEIVES ANOTHER VISIT FROM THE STRANGER.
.The next day Mrs. Lage received another visit from the stranger. This tlma
he brought the baby's trunk, a hand grip and a bicycle. He talked more freely
than on the first occasion and said that he was a bicycle rider and that his
name was Wall. He paid for one week's care for the child and asked that It b«
kept until he could find another home for it. The woman still retained her
suspicions, but she said j nothing and. awaited developments. • The father of the
child, as he had announced himself, gave the positive order that the little one
was not to be taken from the premises on any pretense whatever until ha
should take it away himself, and offered to provide amply for Its welfare.
In conversation with Mrs. Lage subsequently the man intimated that some
thing might happen to' him, and again the child's future came under discus
sion. He. gave an address on Filbert street and said that if ever he disappeared
or was found dead a letter directed to her would be found on the bureau In
his room. Inside the^ envelope would be found policies for insurance- on hi3 life
and documents which would reveal the baby's history. There would also be a
will in which all of his possessions would be left to herself and the llttlo one.
Mrs. Lage marveled constantly at the strange course ot' events that had in
terrupted the smooth flow of life in her little household. She was not by any
means .satisfied with the details of the case that had been given her, and the
conflicting stories told by the man concerning himself • convinced her that ho
was concealing his true identity. At one time he said he was a bicycle rider,
again that he was a stock broker and still again that he was an insurance
agent
DENVER DISPATCH GIVES CLEW TO MYSTERY.
The story of the strange little guest at the Lage fireside became the subject
of discussion among the neighbors, j They pronounced it a case of kidnaping
from the first and watched the newspapers for a solution of the mystery. At
length the light dawned. A dispatch from Denver, published Tuesday morning
In The Call, told of a man who, after setting the tongues of 'gossip wagging In
two cities, had ended his adventures in that city by deserting his wife and steal
ing their child: ' The stated age of the missing youngster misled them to some ex
tent, as it was givenjnjthe^dls5atch as 12 years~_Nevertheless. It gave the poUc*
a clew, on whIcBTlo"work.* ¦
The present custodian of the child was brought to police headquarters last
night and there she told her story. The trunks left at her home by the stranger
were opened and letters contained in- them fully established his identity and
cleared up the Fell-street mystery. The child is the one wanted by its. mother
In Denver, and its father is G. Emlle Rivitrre.
The history of Rivierre's checkered career reads like a novel. He was an in
surance agent in New York City and married into an excellent family several
years ago. Mrs. Rivierre's aunt is Mrs. Patterson of 33 Monroe place, ; New
York, who Is reputed to be worth 1700,000. The union for a tune was happy, and
three years ago a son was born. Then the wife's health began to fall, and about
Christmas time of last year the couple moved to I>enver.
GRAVE READY IN" NEW YORK FOR THE I#TVINO.
Rlvierre confided this much of his past* history to Mrs. Lage. lie. said that
he had spent a large amount of money trying to restore his wife's health, and
failing to do so had determined to desert her. He had laid his plans carefully.
'About three weeks ago he wrote from Denver to the wealthy aunt that his wife
¦was rapidly sinking and that the end might be expected at any time. This was
to pave the way for his final play. A few days later a telegraphic message con
veying the news of the •woman's " death •was sent to New York.
With the announcement of his wife's demise Rlvierre made a request for
funds with which to ship the body to New York.' He asked for- $150. He also re
quested that a grave be prepared in Greenwood Cemetery. The money was for
waided without a, demur and the sexton of the cemetery broke the sod for the
grave. The New York relatives donned garbs of mourning and sat down to
await the arrival of the body. .
A startling revelation was In store for the sorrowing ones. About the time
the body of Mrs. Rivlerre, was to arrive they received a telegram from that lady
herself, dated Denver, and saying that Rlvierre had deserted her and taken
their child with him! According to the details furnished from Denver, the hus
band took advantage of his wife's temporary absence* from their home and
gathering together a few trinkets belonging to the little one, made a hasty de
parture. The 5150 secured for his wife's burial was the fund with which the hus
band accomplished the desertion and the theft of the child from its mother.
HTVIEBBB PREPARES TO MOVE CHILD AGAIN.
Rivlerre ¦ paid Mrs. Lage for one week's care of the child. The week ends
• to-day. ' In conversation with her yesterday the father said he had found another
home for her charge and that her responsibility would end with the week. He
asked her to have the. baby prepared for traveling and said that h© would call
for it in tha morning. Whether he shall take It or not is yet a question, as th«
police will interfere if authority is received from Denver to do so. Rlvierre first
gave a house on Vallejo street as his place of residence, but when h$ told of his
foreboding that something might happen to him" he said that h© was stopping
at 523 Kearny street It was there that Mrs. Lage was to find the letter on the
bureau. . .- . \\ } J,'A ••.-.*'-•: - v "'
FEARS ASSASSI NATION
BY LUNA'S FOLLOWERS
prisoner for some time, as much for his
own safety as to prevent him from start-
Ing another insurrection.
To Probe Scandal at Manila.
MANILA. April. 12.— A military com
mission of eleven members, presided over
by Colonel McCrea, has been appointed to
try by court-martial the soldiers and
civilians accused «of being implicated in
the frauds in regard to Government com
missary stores. The case of Sergeant
Weston." charged "with larceny in selling
flour, will be called to-morrow. The next
cases will be those of a civilian employe
named Fletcher and Senor Rlva. a Span
is^ merchant. After these will come tho
cases of four other commissary sergeants.
These are regarded as the cases of minor
importance, which will lead to graver de
.velopments. . ¦
Protestant missionaries are much inter
ested In Salamea. the Methodist convert
and preacher, now under arrest at Olon
gapo, charged with complicity in the In
surrection. The missionaries have already
appealed to the military and civil authori
! ties in the preacher's behalf, alleging that
i he Is being persecuted by friars.
Aguinaldo Is in Danger of the^Same Kind
of Death He Inflicted Upon a General.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G } STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 12.— The report
that Aguinaldo fears assassination at the
hands' of the late General Luna's follow-,
ers explains to . army officers the reason
why he has been kept at General Mac-
Arthur's palace. General Luna was one
of the best Insurgent leaders who followed
Aguinaldo In 1 making war upon Ameri
cans. He, was a bold- and aggressive
fighter, but after the defeat at Malolos he
reported to Aguinaldo that the insurgents
could not cope with the Americans and
they would better make the best terms
possible. Luna sent a delegation to Ma
nila to discuss matters with General Otis
and the . Philippine Commission. After
agreeing to this plan "Aguinaldo sent for
General- Luna and , had him assassinated
in his presence. Army officers who were
in 'the Philippines ' say the followers of
Luna have sworn vengeance on Agui
naldo, and they do not believe the insur
gent chief will 'ever be safe from assas
sination In Manila or in that part of Lu
zon, unless kept under, the protection of
Americans. • War Department officials be
lieve "MacArthur will keep Aguinaldo a
Ssmbrich -Arrives - in : Berlin.
BERLIN, .April '. 12.— Mme. Sembrich , has
arrived here in 'good health; with the ex
ception of a slight attack of. catarrh.,' She
has written to the Berlin newspapers com
plaining that : the j American press greatly
exaggerated her -condition. 3j3|||S :.'
Moniey for : Dowager Duchess.
¦ NEW -YORK;; April 12.— The^will of Fer
nando Yznagav filed to-da7,> leaves all' his"
property; both'.. real c and ' personal," to his
sister, -iConsuelo, -T Dowager; Duchess of
Manchester.'-;. The real estate Is valued at
J2.000.000 • and the : . personal property at
_.; , ;. . ..¦ ¦
Troops Kill Moskm Eebels.
LONDON, April' 13.— The Daily Express
publishes the ' following telegram from
Viennac'The Moslem population of Ada
ch'ele Island. : near the Iron gate of the
Danube, rebelled. The troops were called
out," but met with, resistance. "¦ ' Sixteen
Moslems were killed. . .
» ¦ ."¦- i . ¦ . .'- .'¦ : ,':.. . U
DULUTH, Minn., April 12.— R. B. White
side, who owns tho famous big tree
grove in Calaveras County, California, is
on his way to California to close a denl
for its sale. Californians haye offered to
pay $125,000 for the grove, but It cost him
nearly that much and he will ask a bigger
price. -
Demands Much flore
Than Is Offered for
the Calaveras Big
Trees.
WHITESIDE
IS COMING TO
SELL GROVE
t .-¦..¦*.• ¦ ¦ • ¦
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., April 12.— Another por
tion •' of Butte' moved down hill to the ex
tent of about six Inches to-day. . It "is be
lieved ', the ' curious slide * involves the en
tire -Anaconda: mines hill. Little damage
was ' done. '.'¦•' Scientists .'claim the entire
range of mountains Is constantly sliding. ;,
Another Portion of Butte
¦' Moves and Scientists
Have Some
i neories*
SLIDES DOWN
HILL ABOUT
SIX INCHES
Special ¦ Dispatch ¦ to " w The . Call.
PARIS, April 12.— The 4 Call correspond
ent learns from a \ trustworthy. source the
statement that Premier - -Waldeck-Rous
seau is suffering - from .cancerous ¦ growth
under the tongue is ~ true, official denials
to the contrary , notwithstanding. His
trouble is probably due to excessive cigar
ette smoking.' .. The disease, it Is said, is
not of ; malignant type.. ¦ .
Premier of France's ¦ Dis
ease Caused by Exces
sive Use of the
CANCER DUE
TO SMOKING
CIGARETTES
desired to live up to the obligations Im
posed by that treaty, it could complete the
Panama canal by merely getting the con
sent of Colombia, which has offered it on
the most advantageous terms.
Hence the. interest which the British
Government is taking in the matter. For
tunately Great Britain has not refused to
abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. - On
the other hand she has indicated clearly,
as stated, that she merely desires -reit
erated in treaty form that neither Gov
ernment will occupy, colonize or assume
dominion over any part of Central Amer
ica. At the same time the British authori
ties understand the lever the United State's
holds in the Panama negotiations and it
may swing them into i'ne to authorizing:
Lord Pauncefote to sign a treaty which
the Senate will accept.
LONDON. April li-Negotiatlons on the
Hay-Pauncef ote abrogation .of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty are progressing, though
they have not yet passed the tentative
stage. It is said that they are being con
ducted on a Quid pro quo basis and that
no other method of abrogation would be
considered by the British Gvernment. .Tha
Foreign Office hopes that a settlement
satisfactory to both the United States and
Great Britain will be arrived' at 'before
Congress is reconvened?
If Great Britain were to refuse to pivw
her consent to the abrogation of the Clay
toc-Bulwer treaty and the United State3
This interest arises, principally on ac
count of the effect such action will have
upon the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and the
negotiations now In progress between Sec
retary Hay and Lord Pauncefote. the
British Embassador. for Its abrogation.
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty Tefers "to any
means of communication by ship canal
which may be constructed between tlie
Atlantic and Pacific oceans by way of the
river San Juan de Nicaragua and either
or both lakes of Nicaragua or Managua
to any port or place on the Pacific Ocean."
It is therefore contended that the Panama
canal is not affected by the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty except as provided In article
VIII. which binds the two governments
to "extend their protection by treaty stip
ulations to any other practicable commu
nication, whether by canal or railway,
ecross the Isthmus which connects North
and South America."
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G. STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. AprllTS.— Deep inter
est is being taken by Great Britain in the
negotiations which Colombia is urging the
United States to commence with respect
to American acauisitlon of the Panama
canal.
arrived there. Watklns declined ¦ to dc
this.
McKenzie Todd, who served under Gov
ernor Taylor's administration as -his 'pri
vate secretary,' repeated his former testi
mony as to Henry Youtsey, 1 . whom he : saw
in Cilcb Powers' office with. a gun on the
day Representative Berry was unseated.
The shots sounded to witness as if fired
from the Secretary of State's office. When
the . occupants of the Governor's office
heard ¦what had happened' Captain John
Davis said: "The war is on. We will all
be mobbed."
. 'A .fewf minutes later . Youtsey came In
and in an anxious manner asked what had
happened. .Youtsey went over to the win
dow, and said that it was Goebe^ who had
been killed. •¦.- . .¦•¦ .'¦ . ¦ .'
O. L.,Oster, freight agent at: Eminence,
identified a paper, signed by Rlpley, ac
knowledging tha receipt of freight, which
consisted of - guns, cartridges, etc. The
bill of- lading was dated January SO, which
was the same day of the assassination,
but It Indicated that the freight ) was
chipped the day' before.
George Lockard! of Knox County testi
fied that he spent January, 1899, in Frank
fort. Caleb Powers had told him that he
wanted him here and had provided him
with three pistols.' Powers: had told him
to stay about. the State House entrance,
as he might be needed.
SOME NOTED ' KENTtrCKIANS
WHO FIGURE IN THE GOE
BEL ASSASSINATION CASE.
Senator Newton Frazler of Shelby
County testified first to-day relative to the
big mountaineer mass meeting of January
25, at which he heard threats against all
of the Democratic members of the Legis
lature.
TOS+nescux* Ooo'hel'e 'Pall
Ed Steffee retold of seeing Goebel fall,
and seeing a gun, which was pointing
from the Secretary of State's office,
drawn back as the window was lowered.
*5 Silas Jones of "Whltley County, who
came with the mountain men January 25,
said he stayed in the Governor's office
most of the time ¦while here. He repeated
his statement, made in former trials, that
Governor Taylor told him he had as well
be at home, as he (the witness) had not
brought his gun with him. ; ;
Adjutant General Murray identified
seme letters found in his' office after Gen
eral 'Collier retired. One, from Caleb
Pcwfrs, addressed to General Collier : on
January 22, asked for official orders callr
ing out the London and Barboursvllle
troops, as the officers of those companies
had refused to go to Frankfort except un
der, regular orders. The letter closed with
the expression:
""We have undertaken a grave matter
and must have these men at Frankfort."
This evidence went in over the objec
tions of the defense and without cross
examination on that side.
Threats of Mountain* Men.
Graham Vreeland, a newspaper corre
spondent, testified to disorderly conduct
on the part of the mountain men on Jan
uary 25. He heard J. B. Matthews, then
Assistant Secretary of State, call out to
a crowd, nearly all of whom were drunk,
"Boys, come on; let's go. over there and
get that Goebel."
Captain Hawn of one of the Barbours
ville companies testified that Caleb Pow
ers wanted him to bring his company
Frankfort on January 25, and told him
that after they got to Frankfort Gover
nor Taylor would Issue an oVder calling
They are seemingly as anxious for, the
departure as were the besieged Ministers
altirSus'for^the arrival of the troops.
Americans in Bobber Band.
BERLIN. April 12.— According to a dis
patch from Peking, dated yesterday, to
the Kolnis hie Zeitung, a robber band of
four Americans an-1 four Chinese was
recently captured by a German outpost
at Tungklaofu, west of Tientsin.
It is asserted in German military cir
cles that the withdrawal of . superfluous
German, troops In China will be effected
at the end of May or early In June, unless
new complications arise.
In high official circles in Berlin the re
ports published In 'the American press to
the effect that the Washington Govern
ment Is opposing Germany's claim for Chi
nese indemnity are described as erroneous.
"The American Government knows per
fectly well." said an important official to
day, "that the claims filed by Germany
and Great Britain are much smaller than
those of some other powers. It Is also
understood that Dr. Steubel, director of
the Colonial Department of the German
Foreign Office, effected an agreement dur
ing his recent visit In London whereby
both governments will lump the claims of
their citizens, carefully examine them and
then apportion the total amount among
the claimants."
Congratulated by Britain.
LONDON. April 12.— "The Viceroy of
Nankin has received a letter from the
British Government." says the Shanghai
correspondent of the Times, "congratulat
ing him 'upon the success of the Man
churian convention."
; The Times, commenting editorially upon
Its Shanghai dispatch, says: "No doubt
a similar letter was sent to the Viceroy
of Woochang. It is a gratifying sign that
the British Government is alive to the
actual facts of the situation and knows
to what quarter it can effectively turn
for support in combating Russia's d«
eigns."
AMERICA HOLDS A LEVER
IN CANAL NEGOTIATIONS
CALL. BTTREATJ. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 12.— Minister
Wu seems to be of the opinion that China
can pay $200,000,000 if she is given 100 years
In which to do so. Brigadier General Wil
son, who" was with General Chaffee in
rhina, believes that at the outside China
can raise $300,000,000. His estimate, how
ever, is far in excess of that of other
authorities, who believe that not more
than 5200,000,000 should be demanded in in
demnity.
Though Belgium has suffered compara
tively little damage in China. It was
learned to-day that she has submitted a
"modest" claim for 30,000,000 francs ($6,000,
000). Holland has also filed a heavy claim.
Russia's claim Is necessarily large. This
Government appreciates that there is Jus
tice In the Russian claim. Unlike other
nations, however, which propose to Insist
that their claims shall be oald in full,
Russia Is willing to adopt the view of the
I»r.!ted States, that all claims be propor
tionately scaled in order that a lump sum
may be determined upon which China can
pay. 4
China's Financial Resources.
PEKING. April 12.— The committee of
the foreign Ministers, which Is consider
ing China's financial resources, has re
ported the conclusion based upon what
Information is thus far obtainable that
5300.000.000 in gold can be raised without
injuring China's resources. The examina
tion by the committee into the subject is
Thus far incomplete, and it will probably
subsequently learn that other Chinese re
sources for indemnities are available. The
discussion of politics has this week given
place to amusement, commencing with
the German races at the huntlpg park
Monday last. The remainder of the week
was devoted to International races, an as
eault at arms and tent-pegging at the
Temple of Heaven. The Russians partic
ularly are celebrating the Easter holidays.
The Ministers openly express their de-
Eire that the foreign troops leave Peking.
Repulsed by Armed Guards.
Howard Sutter told pf his efforts to en
ter the executive office after. the. shooting
and of being repulsed by armed guards.
Erasmus Ditto,' who lives in Ripley's
neighborhood, testified to having a con
versation with Rlpley.. during the contest
over the Governorship. "Witness asked Rip
ley if he thought "Goebel would .be de
clared. Governor. ;;t; Rlpley . responded : , ','If
he Is he"wlll>nevertalce r HIs'Seat:*',t .'•'. .'
v George : Barnes, - a 7 clerk • in : the office of
Auditor; Sweeney, caw Dr. Johnson of
Jackson County come Into the office and
hold a conference with Henry Toutsey.
Youtsey gave, h^m a box 6f some kind and
Johnson" said: "The cartridges go with
the gun, don't they?" " . •'
Toutsey replied that, they did.
Ex-Treasurer. "Walter Day repeated the
testimony which he gave in the Youtsey
case in regard to Toutsey coming to him
and telling . him that for $300 he would
bring the contest to an end. Day wanted
to know more about It, but Youtsey said:
"Never mind about that; I will settle it."
Day did not know exactly what' Youtsey
meant, but he refused to treat with him,
as he had his suspicions. He also saw
Toutsey In Powers' . office, with a . gun on
January 28. '"" .
Could Shoot the Democrats.
. "Wade . ;Watts, a colored porter, told of
hearing -Representative Lilly" say that a
signal shot would be fired j in the legisla
tive hall. ' This would ' excite the - Demo
crats,' and. the Republicans could shoot
them as they rose, which they undoubt
edly would do, not knowing what it was
for. He saw Youtsey as he ran out of the
basement of the executive, building at the
time of the shooting. - Toutsey did not
stop; but said In passing, "It's all -up
now," or something like that.
Dudley "Williamson of ¦ the Frankfort
military company, which was on duty in
the arsenal, said the soldiers were lined
up and in readiness for , marching two
hours before the assassination. They did
not get to the State House for "an hour
after the shooting. ,
: John RIcketts said he talked with Yout
sey on numerous occasions., .Toutsey told
him the only, way to win the contest was
to "put Goebel out of the way," and said
It could be done, from the , Secretary of
State's office, and the assassin could es
cape'through the basement and not be
discovered. ;A f ew minutes before the as
sassination ;-Youtsey^ called : on ¦ him and
said that something was going to. happen.
"Witness remembered what Youtsey had
said about putting Goebel out of the way,
and did not go. "./*¦ :'
Cabinet As near as can be learned mem
bers of the Cabinet with legal training are
of the opinion that these proceedings are
contrary to the rights of the Government.
The view expressed is that when neutral
ity proceedings are inaugurated In United
States courts they should be brought in
the name of the United States, an alleged
violation of neutrality being a quesrion
affecting nations, not individuals. The
mover of the proceedings In the New Or
leans case Is a man claiming to be a resi
dent of South Africa, who contends that
his Interests are placed in jeopardy.
Knox Will Investigate.
It is pointed out that if an individual
could go into the courts and secure re
straining orders on the ground that the
neutrality laws of the country were being
violated the commerce, of the country
might be serfously endangered. These
views of the New Orleans proceedings
were elicited during a brief suggestion
with reference to the statement that the
British Government had decided to use
no more American meat in its army.
No official Information exists concern
ing this report. Attorney General Knox
will make thorough investigation of the
New Orleans case. If it Is found that the
neutrality laws are such as to permit indi
viduals to bring proceedings in courts,
Congress may be asked to pass such
amendments as will leave these questions
wholly in the hands of the Government.
The Present submitted to the Cabinet
a very gratifying cable from Secretary
Hunt of Porto Rico expressing the satis
faction with which the news of Governor
Allen's continuation at the head of the
Insular government had been received
there. The cable also denied emphatically
the reports of disaffection, discontent and
destitution in the island.
Arrest of Men Who Plotted at Am
sterdam to Take Life of the
Fugitive President.
Minister Wu Says About Half *of the Sum
Asked Can Be Raised in 100 Years.
CHINA CAN NEVER PAY
THE INDEMNITY DEMANDED
WASHINGTON, April 12.-The legal
proceedings at New Orleans to prevent
the shipment of mules purchased in this
country to South Africa was the most Im
portant matter discussed by the Cabinet
meeting to-day, and the Attorney General
was directed to make an investigation of
the question and report his opinion to the
Administration Is Interested.
"Africa for Africans."
"A Berious seditious movement," says
the Pletermaritzburg correspondent of
the Daily Mall, "is spreading among the
natives. It is headed by native ministers
¦who ©reach the doctrine of 'Africa for
Africans,' and Incite the natives to throw
off all European control. The authorities
are carefully watching the propaganda,
but are reluctant to Interfere through
ftar of making martyrs of the ringlead
ers."
A special from Nylstroom. Transvaal
Colony, says: All the inhabitants of this
place have been sent to Pretoria. Nyl-
Etrccm is eighty miles north of Pretoria
en the railroad.
The Daily Express this morning says
that It understands that the Government
has decided to cease sending reinforce
ments to South Africa.
A dispatch from General Kitchener, dat
ed April 11, says General Monro's mounted
infantry, after two hours' hard fighting,
has captured eighty prisoners, including
Commandant Bresla, at Lietflndeyue, near
Dewet£dor,p.
LONDON. Anrll 13.-The police of this
cJtJ*. eays the Amsterdam correspondent
of tb6 Daily Express, recently got wind
of a contemplated attempt upon the life
of Mr. Kruger. One of the persons ar
rested is said to have made a confession.
CONSPIRE TO KILL
OOM PAUL KRUGER
OF THE TRANSVAAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.THE LATE ALDACE WALKER, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIREC
;TORS OF THE SANTA FE KAILROAD, WHO DIED SUDDENLY IN
NEW YORK YESTERDAY. ¦*::* ¦•
CHINESE LOSE LIVES
IN COLLISION AT SEA,
Seventy Are Drowned When Two
Steamers Crash in the Water
, V Near : Canton. ~
LONDON, April 12.— A special dispatch
from Hongkong says, two Chinese steam
ers came into collision yesterday between
Canton and Wuchow and that 'seventy
Chinese were drowned. : '
ALTONA, Holstein,7April 12.—The;fish
ing steamer Emma has been lost during
a storm in the North Sea. Her captain
and crew of ten men were drowned.
LEAVES A FORTUNE .
FOR HER DOG'S . CARE
WiU of «, Rich Spinster in New York
Makes Provision* for Pet
t Canine.' . .
. .NEW YORK, April 12.— Miss Ellen Anne
Griffin, an elderly spinster,- died early this
morning in a little room in which she had
lived for several years at 57 East Eleventh
street. Her favorite " companions to the
end were a black and tan dog. .which she
called ' 'Jim,' ' and a canary bird. - In her
will, which she wrote Thursday, she made
ample - provision : for the maintenance • of
the dog. .Lawyer Franklin B. Lord called
on her to draw, up her will:- 1 . •
"I wish to give $10,000 to Mary Magivney,
the housekeeper here,", she said, "on con
dition that she takes care of my little dog
'Jim.'" .'.•"¦¦• --"*SHH>Pi6- i "
. The balance of her property, which, it is
said; amounts to more than $100,000. is left
to eight : nieces . and • nephews ' living in
Santa' Barbara,' Cal. . </.,-.-•
Eddie Toy the Victor.
DENVER, April 32.— The Denver Wheel
Club ; arena was » crowded to-night to : see
Terry McGovern, -who sparred four rounds
with Danny Dougherty. : • ,¦ ,
'¦¦< In addition to this » there were - several
fast preliminaries,. the best being between
Eddie 5 Toy of : San " Francisco •- and -. Tom
Richards ¦ of Denver. . Toy *• is ¦ the :", 126
pound: champion of the Pacific Coast, and
he i put ; out Richards,- who was several
pounds heavier, in the second round with
a right' to the Jaw, followed with a • hard
left jab to the - stomach.,' Richards was
out nearly, five minutes." •
: Ben Trimble S of. California .. and ; Billy
Stlft of Chicago will meet 'in this club on
the ISth of this month. ' / ; v *
SAYS STEEL TRUST
WILL BENEFIT BRITISH
Pierpont Morgan Considers That the
New Billion Dollar Corporation
Can Steady the Market.'
LONDON,- April 12.— J. Plerpont Morgan
in an interview with a London reporter is
quoted as saying he thought the formation
of the United States Steel Corporation
would have a steadying effect on the Brit
ish steel market, . and rather . favorable
than otherwise. He did not see 'why the
steel trade should suffer, either In Great
Britain or Germany. As to the report that
he intencted to place trust securities on
the European market Morgafti said:
"There is • no surplus capital to give
away. The people on this side are. under
a misapprehension. All the. shares were
allotted long ago. What we' bought we
had to pay for." .. <¦ . ¦' . ,
Morgan courteously declined to discuss
the point any further. In regard to the
stories about a copper combination Mor
gan said he knew nothing. He also said
he would meet Carnegie while In Europe.
WINDSTORM INJURES
THE LOYAL NATIVES
Accidents in Csylon During the, Re-
ception Tendered to the Son
of King Edward.-
, COLOMBO, Ceylon, April 12.— The Duke
and Duchess of Cornwall and York landed
here* this afternoon and were accorded an
enthusiastic reception. The streets, which
wera elaborately decorated, were filled
with thousands of natives in multi-colored
costumes. . ¦ t — " "
While the reception was in progress. a
windstorm • swept " over Colombo and a
number of natives were injured near the
royal . pavilion. - ; - .. ¦
¦¦ -•• -./ . • ¦ ¦¦ ¦
WOMAN FOUND ; DEAD
, AND HXTSBAND 'ARRESTED
Wealthy. Farmer of Ohio Suspected
of Having Crushed the Skull
; . . . of His Wife. . . '
MASON, Ohio, April 12.— Mrs. John Mc-
Clung,- wife of a wealthy retired farmer,
was found dead in her bed this morning
with ¦ her • head crushed and her husband'
has been arrested, charged with the crime.
McClung is 68 years old and Mrs. McClung
was 60. He is said to be worth $100,000. j-
Call for Portland Minister.
' INDIANAPOLIS, April 12— The Central
Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church.'.wlth
1500 members," one of the largest churches
in the State, has decided to call the Rev.
J. H. .Kellogg of Portland, Or., to the pul
pit, v - - " ,-¦- ¦ -. . . -. -.
Princess Among Passengers.
LONDON, April 12.— The 'American. Line
steamer.: St. ; Louis," which \ is 5 to . sail ' from
Southampton to-morrow for New York," by
way ' of Cherbourg, .will ; have : among her
passengers the. Princess-. von Hatzfeldt,
adopted daughter of -the late C. P.'Hunt
ington. \ " -i :• -¦'., -i- -¦ ,'¦¦. -.--/:-
NEW NAVAiL CANNON v
'J:, SURPRISES EXPERTS
Latsst Model of the Five-Inch Gun
Proves a Wonder at Indian
Head.
WASHINGTON, April. 12.— Remarkable
results have been attained with the latest
model five-inch gun, the test of, which is
in progress at Indian Head proving
grounds. Rear Admiral O'Neill, chief of
ordnSice, \ was Informed to-day by Lieu
tenant Straus,' in charge, of 'the ¦ proving
grounds, that the gun had' developed a
maximum velocity of 3330 feet a second
with less, than seventeen; tons pressure."
This velocity was given to a fifty-pound
projectile. . . .¦ ;
The great superiority of the new
weapon over the five-inch; 1 gun ori the
Kearsarge will be understood when it is
known that the maximum velocity at
tained with a fifty-pound projectile fired
by the latter is 2550 feet a second. With
the ' sixty-pound shell a velocity of 2990
feet a second has been' attained with the
latest model. The muzzle energy obtained
was 3724 foot tons. In the trial to-day
with the fifty-pound projectile a muzzle
energy of 3918 foot tons was obtained.
Rear Admiral O'Neill has determined : to
use the sixty-pound projectile.
.•-,-. ¦¦ ? ¦ ¦ ;¦:¦::¦ - , - ¦¦
GERMAN ARMY OFFICERS; .
- COMING TO AMERICA
Two Military Men of Famous Organi
zations, Will Be Connected With
- the Embassy.'
WASHINGTON," -'April 12.— Two . well
known officers -of - the German , military
service, Captain Kapherr of. the Hussars
and Count Arnim of the Guaro*du Corps,
will'arrive in. America shortly. and' will
be informally connected with the German
Embassy here, although' not .occupying
the positions of i military attaches. . • -..-¦
Captain Kapherr is the oldest officer of
that rank in the famous Guard ¦ Hussars,
stationed at Potsdam, and commanded by
the Emperor when he was Crown Prince.
The Guard du Corps, to which Count Ar
nim belongs, - is another crack - regiment.
Captain Kapherr will - be in this country
for six months and Count Arnim for one
year. Their connection with "the embassy
will be merely: for the purpose of .facili
tating their movements, - as ; . they will
spend most of the time in travel and rec-
Teation, it : being customary in the Ger
man service to grant foreign leave for this
purpose. I
YOTTNG CORBETT WINS 1
FROM EDDIE ¦ SANTRY
. DENVER,' April ,12.— Toung Corbett of
Denver won an easy victory to-night over
Eddie Santry_ of Chicago before the Colo
rado Athletic Association, knocking . him
out ; in "the second ' round : of what was to
have -been a . ten-round fight. The • fight
was Corbett's • from the first.* He did all
the fighting in . the first round, j Santry
was knocked down once and received sev
eral hard body blows, although he showed
little* effect of his punishment. .In the sec
ond round Santry made a better, showing,
several 1 lively exchanges being | made \ be
fore a hard right on the jaw put San try
out.'; Frank . Cullen't was the^ referee.-.
¦• In the preliminaries Abe -Attel ' of San
Francisco knocked'out-J'ScottyV Williams
of ' Denver in ; the second of a scheduled
five-round go. . . -.. ¦ .
PORTO RICANS GLAD
ALLEN IS TO RETT7RN
Island Legislature Ssnds a Communi
cation to the State Department Ex
¦ pressing Pleasure at News.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The State
Departmeh't to-day received the following 5
dispatch, signed- by Speaker, Rossy of the
Porto Rlcan 'Legislature and other mem
bers "of that body, expressing their grati
fication at the news that Governor Allen
is to return to the island:
San Juan. Porto RJco, Secretary Hay. Wash
ington—Please nay to the President that the
newa of the Governor's return Is received with
rejoicing. We will tender him an ovation on
his arrival. The people of Porto Rico, duly
represented by members of the Legislature, ex
press their complete and absolute accord with
the President'* and Governor"* policy In gov
ernment. Th«y all approve of their action*,
plaolng their hop«a for the future In the Gov
ernor's caution, tact nnd sound Judgment. He
has the respect and devotion of the icrent ma
jority of the people of Porto Rico representing
loyalty and love to tho country, itrlvtmr for its
liroereas nnd weeping (.way of traditional ob
stacles. . . .ii..
ASK FOR A REDUCTION .
i;-" v . AND GET AN INCREASE
Recorder Goff Surprises Associates of
Lawyer Patrick When a Sail Ques
. tion Is Mentioned.
N13W YORK, April 12.— Robert M.
Moore, counsel for Albert T. Patrick,
David L. Short and Morris Meyers, who are
charged with the forgery or the will of
William M. Rice, appeared before Re
corder Goff in the Court of General Ses
sions to-day and made a motion to de
crease the ball of Short and Meyers.
In opposing the motion Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Garvin said it was the in
tention of the District Attorney to con
nect Meyers with the conspiracy to get
control of Rice's fortune. Instead of ac
ceding to the request that the ball be re
duced. Recorder Goff increased it to $20,
000 each, instead of $10,000.
Postal Official Arrested.
PHILADELPHIA, April 12.— Postal in
spectors have arrested Jerome S. France,
an employe of the main office in this city,
on a warrant charging him .with stealing
and rlflins the mail. France's duty was
to distribute mail matter into cases for
each State in the Union. Complaints bavo
been received from various sections of
the country of, mail being tampered with
for several weeks. The inspectors say
France made a partial confession.
Double Hanging for a Negro.
ST. LOUIS, April 12.— A special to tho
Post-Dispatph from Booneville, Mo., says:
Ellsworth Evans, colored, was hanged
here to-day in' the presence of gTeat
crowds of- people from ; this i and adjoining
towns. When the drop ftll the first time
the rope was broken. The negro was then
lifted up and hanged the second time. . •
POLITICAL SCIENTISTS
IN ACADEMY SESSION
Professor Ross, Formerly of Stanford,
Speaks of the Causes of Hacs
Superiority.
PHILADELPHIA, April 12.— The fifth
annual meeting of the American Academy
of Political and Social Science began here
to-day and will continue to-morrow and
to-morrow night.. .There Is a. full attend
ance of. the membership of the academy.
The general topic of .'discussion is. "Amer
ica's Race Problems" and the . many
phases of that subject were ably discussed
to-day by well-known men.-." •
Tho annual address was . delivered tb
nigrht " by Professor Edward • A. Ross,
formerly of the Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity and now a member of the faculty
of the University of Nebraska, who spoke
on the "Causes of Race Superiority."
Samuel McCune Llnday, president of the
academy, preceded Professor Ross with
an address reviewing the work of the
academy during the past year.
At the opening session this afternoon, at
which llalcolm Williams of this city pre
sided, the principal theme was "The
Races of the Pacific." Those who spoke
were Dr. Titus Munson Coan of New
York on "Th© Natives of Hawaii," the
Rev. Dr. Charles C. Pierce, chaplain.
United States army, on "The Races of the
Philippines." nnd the Rev. Dr. Oliver C.
Miller, chaplain. United States army. , '
DESPEKATE BURGLARS
FIGHT WITH OFFICERS
After Killing a Man Whose House
' They Entered They Shoot Detec-
tives of Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG. Pa., April 12.— Thomas D.
Kahney, a grocer, living at Mount Wash
ington. <?arly to-day was shot' and killed
by burglars who were looting his house.
Three men had entered and were trying
to force a gag in Mrs. Kahney's mouth
to prevent her from giving an alarm,
when Kahney interfered and was killed.
The burglars escaped.
As soon as the murder of Kahney was
reported to the police department the en
tire force of detectives was put to work
on the case. This afternoon several of
the officers came upon the three burglars
on Fulton street and immediately ;the
fugitives began shooting. The officers
promptly returned the fire and In the fu
sillade that followed "Paddy" Fitzgerald,
one of Pittsburg's oldest and best known
detectives, was almost instantly killed and
two other officers are reported wounded.
Before Fitzgerald fell he wounded his
murderer, and the other officers succeeded
in arresting the trio and lodging them in
Jail. •
OFFICERS AND GYPSIES
BATTLE WITH WEAPONS
Attempt to Arrest Men Suspected of
Theft Results in a Furious ~ ••"
Encounter.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa.. April 12.— In a fierce
fight on the mountains near Lilly . last
night between a band of gypsies and a
posse of officers one gypsy man was killed
outright and a gvpsy woman shot through
the shoulder. Ux-Division Foreman Tit
ler of Galitzin was wounded in the mouth
and Frank Coons, his assistant, was shot
through- the bowels. The latter is ex
pected to die. ,-•_¦•
The officers were attempting to arrest
the gypsies on charges of stealing. A
number of gypsies were arrested. "£3S|D
? '¦ • ¦
CHASE HIM FOB, YEARS
AND, THEN ACQUTT HIM
Man Charged With Murder Quarter
of a Century Ago Is Declared
Not -Guilty.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 12.— At
Evanston to-day the jury In the case of
Harry Lyons, alias Teer, charged with
; murdering John Wheelering at Hilllard
twenty-five years ago, returned a verdict
of not guilty. . .
I Lyons was arrested at Lead City, S. D.,
! last December, after a chase which cov
ered a period of twenty-five years, and
which reached to almost every civilized
¦ country on the globe.
Newspaper Man Commits Suicide.
CHICAGO. April 12.— Bert Cassidy, one
of the best known, newspaper men and
artists in the T^est, shot 'and fatally
wounded himself to-day while standing
in the local room of the Dally News, with
which paper- he was associated.— Family
troubles are believed to have caused the
.deed. He died at St. Luke's Hospital to
night.
Cassidy was well known in Denver and
Cincinnati and was one of the first men
to use chalk plates in connection with
daily newspaper illustrating. He was
2S years old. . . •»
SAVES THE CHILDREN
FROM DEATH IN PANIC
Sister in Charg« of a Parochial School
in Omaha Prevents a Disas
trous Fire.
OMAHA. Nebr.. ADril 12.— Fire in a
waste basket at the 6t. Philomena Paro
chial School, 904 Howard street, caused a
flurry of excitement among the pupils thl3
mornine. and but for the heroism and
presence of mind of Sister Mary MIckle.
the principal, there would undoubtedly
have been a panic among the 130 children
in the various rooms.
The basket was standing in a hall on
the first floor and was full of scrap paper.
¦When the sister saw it shortly after 10
o'clock flames were rising from it, the
surrounding woodwork was smoldering
and on the point of Igniting. Careful not
to make a display of excitement, the sis
ter seized the basket and, with great dan
ger to her own person, carried it to the
door and threw it into the street. By the
lime she had returned the woodwork v.-as
in a blaze. Just at that moment one of
the older boys chanced to pass through
the hall, and with his assistance the prin
cipal brought a bucket of water and threw
it on the fire. Meanwhile the smoke had
found its way into the schoolrooms. Some
one cried "fire!" and a dozen or more
pupils made a rush for the hall, "but the
principal ordered them back, with the as
surance that all danger had passed.
MORMONS SETTLING
IN NOBTHEBN WYOMING
Two Thousand Will "Trek" tp Leased
State Lands During the Coming
Summer.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. April 12. — It has
he-en learned from an authoritative eource
that durlns the coming summer a colony
of about tMO Mormons will leave Utah
nnd Idaho and travel to the valleys of the
Uig Horn BaFln. In Northern Wyoming.
LkBt year 800 Mormona settled In th©
basin on the big canal now being con
structed by the Ilardy people, and they
did »o well that the second movement has
been derided upon. The State leases tho
land to the colonizer* at a reasonable fig
ure, and officials believe that before the
close of the present year there will have
nettled in the Uig Horn Uasin not less
thnn 1000 Mormon families.
Shoots Men and Ends His Life.
STEELE. N. D., April 15.— Apparently
crated from fancied wrongs, a farmer
named RevenRer phot Nels Olscn In the
neck, inflicting a serious wound, then shot
Peter Levlne in the wrist and committed
suicide. He left a leMer saying the
neighbors had neglected and" Blighted him
for years.
m
Emigration From Ireland.
LONDON. April 12.— The official report
cf emigration for Ireland shows that 47,
107 persons left that country In 1900. This
Is 10.5 per thousand of the estimated popu
lation. The emigrants were equally di
vifled between the sexes.
Great Fire In Transylvania.
BUDAPEST. April 12.— Sixty, houses
have been destroyed by fire at the village
of Borezk. in Transylvania. Great dis
tress prevails there.
CHICAGO, April 12.— A declaration of
•the Catholic position on education in the
United States was adopted to-day at tho
closing session of the national conference
of the Association of Catholic . Colleges.
The resolutions comprising the declaration
received the unanlmouc assent of the sev
enty different colleges— practically the en
tire collegiate system of the Catholic
church in America, The declaration fol
lows:. ; . .<¦'• . . *
First— That this association of Catholic ¦ col
leges request its president, the Bight Rev.
Thomas J. Conaty, to respectfully call the at
tpntlo nof the bishops of the-* United States, at
their, annual meeting, to the work of this con
ference in - regard . to our collegiate Institutions,
and -especially -to the importance of the high
school ¦ movement. -.. .-•¦..•
Second— That the tendency of educational leg
islation, forces us to warn our Catholic people
of the systematic and well-defined effort in
certain quarters to establish Suite control ' in
education, thereby, threatening .and .crippling
all private educational effort, thus depriving a
large class of the citizens of the liberty of
maintaining schools in which their religion
shall be made an essential element.
Third — That we remind legislators of • the
rights . ot conscience guaranteed to us by our
American citizenship, and call their attention
to the system of schools which our people have
maintained at great expense and sacrifice.
Fourth — That we protent aa&lnst the unfair
and unjust nUcrlmlnatton resulting from much
of the educntlonnl U'KlHlntlon, and we appeal
to the fnlr-nilndodnffs and sonoe ot Justice ot
thi- American people to protect us from such
llllberallty.
Fifth— That this conference of Cathollo col
leireM"oonvlncem us that we ore Justified In as
serting ' that our college system tUmervfm tht
renerouH co-oporatlon ot all interested in higher
Catholto education; and w« pledge ourselveit to
uwi every effort to perfect still more our eol
leglntc condition.*.
Klxth-That wo call upon all Catholic* to
recognise the Imperative need of a more per
fect. orcanliatlnn of >our educational system,
and we unsure them Unit with a fuller develop
ment of tho Catholic hl«h school we shall have
u complete system, with its. headship In the
university, and thun we shall continue to main
tain a high collegiate standard.
Words of cheer from across the sea
were received by th« conference in thv>
form of a cablegram of congratulation
from Pope Leo XIII at Rome. Tho mes-
Bajre road as follows:
"ROME, April 12. l£01. — Monslgnor
Thomas J. Conaty, President of the Con
ference of Catholic Colleges: The Holy
Father thanks you for the good wishes ex
pressed by you In the name of the Con
ference of Catholic Colleges and bestows
most heartily the apostolic benediction.
"CARDINAL CAMPOLLA."
The cablegram was in answer to a mes
sage which the conference sent to the Pope
when it convened. The officers were
chosen: President, Dr. Conaty; secretary
and treasurer. Rev. John Conway, Gon
zaga College, Washington, D'. C.
-It was decided. to hold the next conven
tion in Chicago on the first Tuesday
Wednesday and Thursday v after July 4.
1902. ... - "J " • — ' ..¦••. .
Representatives of Colleges
Make Declaration of
Their Position.
CATHOLICS ASK
FOR FAIRNESS
I DENVER, April 12.— A huge mass of
snow and, rock '.swept down from the
mountain i near" Adelaide, on the Florence
and Cripple Creek Railroad, burying a
work train, killing three men and serious
ly'injuring four others. The dead are:
J. P.. ALLEN, foreman.
TIM MALONEY. /
HOWARD WHIPPS.
The injured are: G. W. . Brown, bridge
foreman; John O'Connell, section fore
man; Frank Graham, section foreman;
John Palmer, laborer.
The slide occurred late last night while
a gang of workmen was clearing away
the debris deposited upon the track by an
earlier slip. All the men engaged in the
work except Superintendent Rockwell and
one other were buried under the debris.
A relief train was. dispatched fromFlor-"
ence and the injured men were taken to
day to the- Salida Hospital. The • bodies
of Maloney and -Whlpps were , recovered,
but Allen's body still lies burled beneath
tons of snow and dirt.
BUENA VISTA. Colo.'. April 12.— A re
port has reached" here that a huge ava
lanche, sweeping everything before it,
cams down Italian Mountain In Taylor
Park, about forty miles west of this place,
and that several lives were lost. On this
mountain several mines have been In op
eration all winter, employing about 300
men.
Owing: to the great distance of the nioun.
tain from tiny point of communication
with tho outside world and the vast
amount of enow ori tho range between
hero and the mountain. several days may
clnpse before the facts are learned. About
tho same time last year a snow-slide came
down this mountain, kllllner four men.
A8PKN, Colo., . April 12.— A perlous
snowslJde is reported to have occurred
along the Cnatle Rock-Btage road, four
miles from thle city. The Btnarc« to and
from Ashcroft and Taylor Purk have not
thus far been able to net through, and
communication with those places can only
be had by snownhoes. \
Great Avalanche in Colorado
Kills Laborers on a
Work Train.
rfictors will meet the 1st of next May and
his. successor will probably be elected at
that time, though the office of chairman
SNOW CARRIES
MEN TO DEATH
of the board of directors is not an essen
tial one and it is entirely possible that no
successor will be chosen." w
Eac-Secretary Itey's Wife 111.
CANTON, Ohio, April 12.— Mrs. William
R. Day was suddenly Btricken with Illness
this afternoon, following an attack of sick
headache. Her husband, the former Sec
retary of State, had been In Cincinnati
during the day sitting in the United
States Circuit Court, but started for
Washington before he could be reached
with a message calling him home. Mrs.
Day has been unconscious since 3 o'clock
this afternoon.
NSW YORK, April ¦ 12.^-Chairman
AValker o'f the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad <^ied sud
denly at his home in this city to-,
day of heart disease. His death
came .as ; a surprise. He, had " not been
feeling^ well for the past two weeks, but
was not so ill as to create any concern
among his friends and family. He was to
have' nailed for Eujope to-day, and all"ar
rangements had been made for his de
parture. He leaves a wife and ¦ two . chil
dren. - - . "."-'
Aldace F. Walker was '"., born in West •
Rutland, VC in" 1842.' I He was educated
at the Mlddlesburg (Vt.) College and at
the Columbia Law School, after which ho
served with the New York Volunteers in
the Civil War, advancing to the rank of
lieutenant colonel. After the war Walker
practiced, law in New. York from 1S67 to
1874, when he removed- to Rutland, Vt.
- In I£o2 he -was elected a State Senator
in Vermont, and from 1SS7 to l»>d he
served as a member of the Interstate.-
Corr'inerce Commission.. On , leaving the
commission Walker became chairman ; of "
the Western Traffic Association. His con
nection with the -Atchison, Topeka. and ¦
Santa Fe Railroad began in 1S94, when , he
was appointed receiver of the company's '¦¦_
property. After ; : the' reorganization
Walker was made chairman of the board
of directors and he retained this position t
up to the time of his, death.' :•••
SANTA BARBARA, April 12.— President
E. P. RIpley of the Santa- Fe,. when seen <
to-day, expressed much feeling- over the .
death of Chairman Walker. • f i
'"He .was a -man," : said ; Mr . RIpley,
"whom we all respected and delighted to '.
honor. He had been sick. I believe, since
last November with- what appeared to be
arglna pectorls, and was recently granted
a six months' leave of absence, which he*
intended to spend at Nauheim, Germany. ';
His death, while not 'wholly unexpected, •
comes as a great shock to me. -We have
been associated together since the . reor- j
ganlzation of the Santa Fe system in Jan--'
uary. 1900. Mr. "Walker, while not an ex- :
perlenced man in the art of . railway ' op
erating, was especially well posted on the
relationship of the railroad to the com
munity. .
"His death will have no effect upon the :
plans of the Santa Fe. The board of'dl-
OUTLAWS BATTLE
ON A MOUNTAIN
Kentucky Officers Encounter
Desperadoes Who Kill
Two Men.
WHITESBURG,; Ky., April 12.— Two
men were killed^and two wounded j in a
fight between Sheriff Joe W. Wright and
his deputies on one side and outlaws who
robbed and murdered Mrs. Jemima Hall
and her son. The ' fight occurred on the
mountain top between Boones Fork and
Millstonte Creek. t
Wright and his posse started out sev
eral months ago to capture the gang who
cruelly tortured the aged widow and after
securing her money murdered her and her
son and burned her body in .the hut in
which she lived. Yesterday" John and
Morgan ¦ Reynolds, Isaac and Creed Por
ter and' George Newsomewere located by
the posse in a rendezvous on top of the
mountain. Morgan Reynolds, Newsome
and Isaac Porter went away,- and while
they were gone 'the officers, ten in num
ber", opened fire on Creed Porter and John
Reynolds. The desperadoes replied with
rifles and revolvers and. more than 303
shots were exchanged. • ' . . '
John Reynolds received a serious if not
fatal wound in the left shoulder and re
treated, leaving Porter alone. The lat
ter's ammunition soon gave out and he,
too. fled. Of the posse Willie Wright,
aged 18, was killed by a steel bullet, which
passed through his abdomen, and Isaac
Mlllard, aged 21, was shot through the
heart. A third man, Ned Qsborne, was
struck In the right leg and severely hurt.
Young Wright, who was killed in the
first tire. Joined the party about a month
ago to avenge the murder, of his father,
W. S. Wright, whom tho gang aesnsalnat
td" about a year ago. .The flrlnfr was
heard for a distance of thirteen miles. | It
was at first- heard that tha posse had been
defeated and Governor Uecklmm was tele
graphed to send troops to capture the
gang. v
Existence of the Dread Dis
ease at the. Canaries
Is Reported.
United States Consul Tells of the In
difference With Which the Af-
flicted Persons Are Re
garded.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The existence
¦ of about 200 lepers on the island of Tene
rlffe Canary Islands, has been officially
reported here by United States Consul
Berliner at Teneriffe. He says there are
three distinct classes of leprosy on Tene
riXTe Island, namely, lepra arabum, lepra
elephantiasis and lepra tuberculosis. The
disease diverges into two main varieties.
the spotted and the nodular. The report
is based on personal Investigation and the
assistance of physicians, and says:
• "Leprosy is somewhat endemic among
the people here on account of their eating
a good deal of fish, often putrid, and their
general uncleanllness. As being conta
gious, it is generally discredited here, but
in my opinion it is very infectious. In
former years Spain had established a
dblony at Grand Canary for lepers. They
were housed there, but had perfect liberty
to wander about, with the restriction that
they must sleep in the houses built for
them. In course of time this law became
a dead letter and gradually they spread
over the different islands.
"At Santa Cruz de Teneriffe, the capital,
•there are twenty-two lepers, fifteen of
•whom are men, and there also are some
children of these unfortunates. They are
*riven a place about fifteen minutes' walk
from the City Hall, where they live, which
Is called Barranco Santo. There are
also living at the same place about 200
people, nearly all beggars. You meet
them at all times of the day in town or
on the road, asking alms and exposing
their limbs. Many have no fingers or
toes and hobble along and a more pitiable
sight is hard to imagine."
Officially it is not recognized that lep
rosy exists on the islands. The provincial
government at Teneriffe has lately built
a large building- about two miles out of
town. {The building has two separate
wings, one for insane patients and the
other for lepers.
United States Consular Agent Swanson
on Grand Canary Island, in an accom
panying- report, says that leprosy there is
decidedly decreasing. There are fifty
patifnts in the leper hospital at Las.
Palmar. A few families infected with the
disease live in their own homes.
LEPERS ABROAD
IN TENERIFFE
Reports From the Beaumont Field
Describe Enormous Supply From
the Seemingly Inexhausti
ble Gushers.
(special Dispatch to The .Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., April 12.— It Is the opin
ion of former Governor J. 8. Hogg, who
has spent considerable time 'at Beaumont
investigating the new oil field, that the
I discovery of oil in such bountiful quanti
ties there will revolutionize the fuel ques
tion of the whole world.. He says that
the maiufacturers of this country and of
Europe have not yet come to a sense of
realization of what the wonderful oil dis
covery and development irr the Beaumont
field means to them. Many of the ac
counts published throughout the country
of the flows of the wells "brought in" in
the Beaumont fleld have been looked upon
as gross exaggerations and fakes by the
reading public, while, as a matter of fact,
they have been true. The published state
ment that, a test of the flow of the Lucas
g-usher showed- that it had an output of
over 7000 barrels of oil per day of twenty
four hours was branded as untrue by per
sons who believed that a flow was
next to impossible. The statement was
true, and that first test has been repeated
several times since then and, has shown
no decrease in the world-beating flow. ]
The problem. that now confronts the* oil
producers of 'he new district is, what
shall they do with the oil.' It has been
correctly asserted by an official of the
Standard Oil Company that the present
demand for fuel oil in this country does
not amount to the output of one well in
the Beaumont district. But the Beau
mont producers say that the demand will
be Increased rapidly, and they are already
hard at work building up a market; ¦-,•'*
Since their discovery of the flrst well,
known as the Lucas gusher, its owners.
Galey & Guffey, have shipped to distant
citie3 of the United States and to foreign
countries over 100,000 barrels of oil for ex
perimental purposes. These shipments
have been made with a view of creating
a market for the product, and went to
manufacturers In New York City, Phila
delphia and even to/Pittsburg. Over 30,000
barrels of the oil have been shipped to
manufacturers In Manchester, England,
and Liverpool, where the new fuel will be
given a oractical test and if found to be
all that is claimed for it large orders will
be forthcoming. The American Sugar Re
fining Company sent a special representa
tive to Beaumont to make a full and com
plete investigation Into the merits of the
oil as a fuel. This representative was so
well pleased with the saving that could
be obtained by the use of the oil over the
use of coal that he had 2500 barrels
shipped to Cuba, where it will be burned
in one of the largest refineries of the
trust located in that country. If this test
is successful the oil will be used in all the
refineries of the American Sugar Refinery
Company.
WORLD'S FUEL
IN TEXAS OIL
coveries.
Former Governor Hogg Tells
About Marvelous Dis-
BRITAIN WANTS
NO MORE BEEF
War Office Admits That
the" American Product;
Is Now Barred.
Officials at Washington Cannot Un
derstand Why an Embargo. v
Should Be Laid on This
Country's Meats.
¦ LONDON, April 12.— The British war
Office, admitted to-dav that It is going to
try the experiment of supplying the army
with only home-grown beef. The experi
ment will extend six months from June
1. The director of contracts, a major,
said :
The new rule applies only to refrigerated beef
hitherto bought in the ope-n market In London.
It will not seriously affect the American trade,
as the total weekly supply for the army is only
£200,COt>, which Is barely 2 per cent of the
weekly imports of refrigerated beef into Eng
land, from the United States. Mr. Broderisk's
action was taken long before the New Orleans
proceedings. It is quite absurd to suppose that
any idea ot retaliation prompted the order,
which was due to a natural desire to help some
of the home industries. The difference in price
is very trifling and we are making that up by
giving Tommy Atkins frozen mutton two days
Instead of one day weekly. If the plan is satis
factory our supply problem will be greatly sim
plified, for we often have complaints and dis
agreements over refrigerated beef. Tou must
not suppose that we now use no home-grown
beef. Aldershot and some of our other camps
are almost entirely supplied with home-grown
beef. We have hitherto used refrigerated beef
as an addition to our rations, other than as an
integral part. "We have no prejudice against
Americans firms, and- we do not believe they
will miss this trade to any extent, even if it is
decided to continue the experiment.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The informa
tion in the possession of the Departmen:
of Agriculture regarding the British Gov
ernment's decision to buy only home
bred beef for Its army supplies after Juno
1 next consists of the advices from three
large packing houses in Chicago and the
press report from London confirmatory of
those advices. No official confirmation has
been received. Among officials here the r e
is no disposition to accredit the reasons
that actuated the new roller to anv dis
satisfaction with American meats. No ob
jection has been offered to American beef
or beef products on the score of the«r
quality or condition. The beef shipped
from this country to England for the use
of the British army, it is stated, always*
has been of the best quality and uniform
ly in prime condition when delivered arvl
distributed. No complaint has been made
by the British authorities.
Secretary Hay has cabled to Embassa
dor Choate an inquiry into the reason for
the order of the British Government, a
measure which excludes the American re
frigerated beef heretofore used. This ac
tion is taken at the instancy of the De
partment of Agriculture.
- Secretary Wilson said to-day that every
thing the administration can do in the
matter is being done.
"But -I cannot understand," he said,
"why. the British Government has taken
this step. They know that our grain-fed
beef is the kind that is shipped to them.
There must bio some* reason that is not ap
parent on the surface. "We sell them a
million dollars' worth of metis for every
million of their population. Suppose thay
have a quarter million in the field. It can
make, little difference to our producers
whether they take enough from the home
grown supply to feed the soldiers, for if
they do that they must import just that
much more to supply -the deficiency. The
British do not produce enough in Great
Britain to supply 'their home demand.
There must be some other reason."
Increase of Industrial Stagnation la
Evidenced by the Closing of
Factories and Dismissal
of Employes. .
BERLIN. April 12.— A recent article in
the Berlinger Tageblatt takes a gloomy
view of the industrial conditions in Ger
many, which it says are so bad that tha
efforts of the charitable are powerless to
cope with the situation. Reduced produc-
tion and the consequent dismissal of
working: people are so general as to no
longer attract notice.
It is safe to say that a quarter of tha
working people are either idle or insuffi
ciently employed. There is little prospect
ot an improvement. The situation* is
made more serious by the uncertainty of
Germany's commercial policy. The num
berless industries of the country do not
knew whether disastrous tariff wars will
not destroy the work of years. The un
certainty of Germany's vacillating trade
policy drives German capital and Intelli
gence to found large industrial undertak
ings abroad and hinders business rela
tions with foreign countries. are
so depressed in Silesia that even the iron
works there, which possess their own coal
mines and furnaces, cannot cover operat
ing expenses. The tin plate and tube man
utactures, plants for the manufacture oC
electric supplies and the textile industries
are in a similar, plight.
.lany factories have closed and In oth
ers the hours of labor have been reduced,
while work folk crowd to the prates of the
factories seeking 1 employment. The*
wealthy classes feel the pressure of this
cor.ditlon proportionately with the work
ing and professional classes.
Workingmen in the Kaiser's
Empire Find Little
Employment. •
LABOR'S DECLINE
ALARMS GERMANY
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATUED AY, APRIL 13, .19011
Aldace Walker^ Prominent in Railroad Circles
Throughout the Country, Dies in Ne*v York.
CHAIRMAN OF THE SANTA FE
IS SUDDENLY CALLED BY DEATH
K
A Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop. Racine,
Wls/.box in, for six bottles -Dr. Snoop's Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. Payjo.50 If cured*
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To : Cure a Cold ¦¦ ik . One . : Day. :
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.' 25a ¦ *
Spring Medicine
There's no season when good medi-
cine is so much needed as in spring, and
there's no medicine which does so much
good in spring as Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Do not delay taking it.
Don't put it off till your health tone
gets too low to be lifted.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
Will give , you a good . appetite, . purify
and enrich your blood, overcome that
tirea. feeling, give -you mental and di-
gestive strength and steady nerves.
Be sure: to ask for HOOD'S, the
best medicine money can buy. ' It is
Peculiar to Itself
Bad Feelings in Spring— "In the
spring I. was feeling very badly.' My
blood was very poor. I began taking
Hood's' Sarsaparilla. It did me much
good." I think it 'is a- wonderful .spring
medicine. and recommend it to all 'sick
and suffering." Ethel. L. Bean,- Eaton
Center, N. H.
IT IS IMPORTANT.
To Know What You Are Taking
"When Using 1 Catarrh Medicines.
Catarrh Is the short route to consump-
tion and the Importance of early and Judi-
cious treatment of catarrh, -whether locat-
ed in the head, throat or bronchial tubes,
cannot be too strongly emphasized.
The list of catarrh cures is as Ion* if
the moral law and the forms In which
they are administered, numerous and con-
fusing, from sprays. Inhalers, washes,
ointments, and salves to ppwders,- liquids
and tablets.
The tablet form is undoubtedly the most
convenient and most t-ffective. but with
nearlv all advertise-1 catarrh remedies it
is almost entirely a nutter of euesswerk
as to what you are taking Into vour sys-
tem, as the proprietors, while making: all
corts of claims as to what their medicines
will do, always keep it a close secret as to
what they are.
The success and popularity of the new
catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. Is
largely because it not only cures catarrh
but because catarrh sufferers .who use
these tablets know what they are taking
Into their systems. Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets being composed of Eucalyptol, Hy-
drasttn. Guaicol and similar valuable and
antiseptic ingredients, and are pleasant to
the taste and being dissolved in the mouth
they take Immediate pffect upon the mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passages
and whole respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished In old chronic cases of
catarrh are little short of remarkable,
and th« advantage of knowing what you
axe putting into your stomach is of para-
mount importance «rhen it is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine ' habit has
been frequently contracted- as the result
of using secret catarrh . remedies.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval from physicians, because
their antiseptic character renders them
perfectly safe for the general public to
use and their comDosItlon makes them a
common-sense cure Tor all . forms of ca-
tarrhal troubles.
All druggists sell them at 50 cents for'
full sized packages.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hJ \J liLU S
Have you got it?
Got what ?
Why your ticket to the
Pan - American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore - and Michigan
Southern Railway.
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
GARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent New York
Central Lines,
637 Market Street,'
San Francisco," Gal.
i 4££3£££tak ONE Plinrc
, nm®^ bottle CURES
; / I&llil MCBURNEY'3
' )^> l?2vnl/ Kidnev tnd BIa "«»
A™ XUr " c ycuRa
Y3 IJrWs- ¦*• thorough coro for
W\ TC pains in the bacV
SL ' : ' : isk' BBICHT> 3 disease; '
J^>v 84 *¦') ' female troubles, incon-
tinence of urine, bride dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall item*
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. ,
'.v'-V- ¦-.: —L-FOR SALEJ AT-^—
No Percentage Drug Co.. 949-951 Market
St.; Dahlbender Drug Co., 214 Kearny st.
Send 23o In 2c stamps to W. F. MoBurney.
418 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal., for 3
days" treatment. Prepaid |1 60. Druggists
DR.MEYERS&CO, jfli$&
Specialists, Dls- ffigj?* ¦
ease and "Weakness X^mr .Vffj
of men. Estab- JSw,
Mined tSSL Consul- WM "*2?*Y<
tatlon and private* \fSfe, 1 /-A I
book free, at office . S3i!hJ fi&MA
or by mall. Cures [w I lcSiSS=nsp*
guaranteed. 731
Market street (ela- i^«l&i!«*
vator entrance). mv5sE33k.
Ban Francisco. .^CsK^»»^is*€5^
fEfiHYROYALPILLS
B>~<yrv — - .-_ Or<»l««l »nd Only Ceaalae.
fe«*^V^ta 1USO .nd Cold a,t»n !e b«M. «^
*** lth »" Itrlbb00 - Take no other. Refjw
ARgjf in 1 to5 4»ri. Yl WhUa«, unnatural 'Jij!
gaPEF O«»r»ntt*l chargt , or mny inflacr.ma-
-5*f»jf not u> itrutu™. tion. i ritation or nlcer»-
IfcH|fr.»=nu eoot^ioa. tion ,f m n c o n a m«m-
gtVRTnSEvASS ChemichCo. branea. Kon-astrin??nt.
Vffgtt emcimri.0 .Effig Sold h r DraextMU,
«%. U.S. A. 2B*^P r • ent *n Plain wruprer,
«*>&grefel *7 « x J> r " s t Prepaid, for
& &- 00 ' , or 3 bottles, *2.73.
>" ; :ular gent on requu^t.
a<o "PATENTS I
MARKET ST. S?*$!iSr
Fe?3 J Standard ramedy for Glee:, s~~>*.
Gonorrhoea and Runnings /uinv\
W 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- (MlDYj
- mi and Bladder Troubles. V _^LOS ANGELES. April - 12.—^SV. ; "W. . Kay ' of
Bakersfleld was to-day ' appointed a referee In
bankruptcy by , Judee Wellborn of the United
States District Court. " :;.;..' , .
BABKEINTI1TE ENOOITMTjaitS
j SUCCESSION OF STORMS
Townsend in a 1/eaking
'Condition.
The J. M. Griffith Puts Into Port
PORT TOWNSEND, ', April . 12.— Tha*
barkentine .' X M. „ Griffith 'arrived to-day."
seventy-six .days f rom ' Mollendo; . l*eru,
and according to Captain Ayer/ the entire
voyage from Puget Sound and returnlwas
one of disaster.- On her way to Mollendo,"
the Griffith encountered a hurricane arid
heir, decks were swept clean by the 'seas
and her masts were sprung and her sails
carried r away. The main 1 water tank : was
washed ; overboard and . the - officers and
crew suffered -for fresh water. :. . ¦
• On her return trip, when seven days out
from Mollendo,: a- heavy, sea. 1 was encoun
tered and the mlzzenmast; was carritd
away. When she arrived here. the vessel
was leaking badly.
The Griffith is owned by the Washing
ton Mill Company. She •» was towed to
Hadlock this evening, where she will have
three :newi masts. put; in. 'V •
;•... ¦ ¦ ¦ , ¦¦* •; ' ¦¦ .
Counterfeiters Sentenced.
' , SPOKANE. TApril ' 12.— Four counterfeit
ers: were sentenced by Judge Hanford this
morning In. the Federal court. James
Moriarity was given ten years, while Mike
Williams and Mack McCleary got off with
eight years each at hard labor in ' the
United States penitentiary. Mrs. Ethel
Wallace, the last "member of the gang,
was sentenced to one year. Moriarity and
McCleary were partners of Arthur Spen
cer," 1 the bogus Chinese inspector, in the
daring jail break. a few weeks ago.
Railroad Official Drowned.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— W. '. S. Smith,
th'e Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
agent 'at- 1 ; Delta, Shasta County,- was
drowned in the ; Sacramento River -near
that place -yesterday. - Smith v had been
hunting i- geese -¦ and '-. attempted to swim
the. river.-; The cold-water causedhlm to
have crampj and he could not get out of
the. stream. ,: ; . .- - .
PORTLAND,; Aoril 12.— The member* of the
party - of Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, return
ing, from a. pllErima.se to Honolulu under the
auspices . of . Salad in Temple | of. Grand Rapids,
Mich., i were to-day • the guests of El Kader
Temple of Portland. - -";« ' ••
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, April 12.— George Q. Can
non, the noted Mormon apostle and prac
tical head of his church, died in this city
a few minutes before 2 o'clock this morn
ing, after having lived nearly two days
longer than either of his physicians be
lieved possible. He was conscious up to
almost the last moment and finally passed
away so quietly that even ; those beside
thp bed did not know the exact moment
of his death. His physicians say his vi
tality was marvelous, especially when his
age, 75 years, and previous wearing, ill
ness are considered. The real cause of
death was nervous prostration, but a
bronchial complication that . appeared
since his coming to Monterey is believed
to have hastened the end.
Five of the apostle's children, including
the three sons who were summoned here
by their father's illness, and his wife (a
daughter of the first Brigham Young)
were at his bedside when he breathed his
last. Dr. Frederick Cllft, his Salt Lake
physician, and his private secretary, Mr.
Wilkins, were also with him. The body
was taken to San Francisco on the 6:50
a. m. train, where It will be embalmed
and on Monday shipped ¦ to Salt Lake.
There it will lie In state for a day, and
the funeral will take place on Wednesday.
Part of the family accompanied the body,
the others following on the noon train.
Apostle Cannon left a large estate, but
its exact amount is not known. 'All his
business affairs were settled during his
stay here and his property disposed of
among his large family. His son, who
made this statement, said that the dis
tribution was satisfactory to all - con
cerned. It is believed by some members
of his family that the strain of attending
to the business was one factor that aided
greatly in : hastening the: end. -¦ ,-
Gecrge Q. Cannon was born in •Liver
pool, England, on January , 11, 1827. , He
came to America in 1844 and was ordained
an elder of the Mormon church in 1845.
In 1846 he joined the main body of the
Mormons from Nauvoo, 111., on the < way
to Utah* and reached. Salt Lake in 1847.'
In 1S49 he went to California on mission
arv work, and in 1850 he ¦went to the
Sandwich Islands and remained there for
four years. In 1855 he established the
Western Standard in San Francisco. In
I860 he was made a member of the quorum
of the Twelve Apostles. He was • a dele
gate in Congress from , 1872 to 1SS0, and
was one of the counselors to the President
of the Mormon church. He . was promi
nently connected with many of the busi
ness enterprises of Utah. : ¦
Funeral Arrangements.
SALT LAKE. Utah." April 12.— Upon re
ceipt of the news of the death* of George
Q. Cannon to-day., the flag : was half
masted, over President Snow's v office and
a conference of high church officials was
Jield to arrange the details for the funeral.
It was decided to hold the funeral services
in" the Tabernacle on next Wednesday at
noon/ Special rates, will be made by the
railroads . and " a ; large attendance is ex
pected from every part of the State. ' !
Apostle. George Q, Cannon
Passes to' His Final
Rest.
DEATH SUMMONS
MORMON LEADER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, April 12.— Sensational
charges against "; prominent persons j are
contained -in a complaint filed with the
County Clerk this morning by H.' S. Utley
and Patterson Sprlgg, attorneys for the
plaintiffs. The title cf the* case Is W. C.
and Rose Purdin vs. E. W. Loring, J. N.
Bunch, William Gilcher, Elizabeth Gil
cher and Michael Traver. The last named
three defendants are. residents of Los
Angeles, while the others are well-known
citizens of this city. The plaintiffs are
residents of Escondido.
The complaint charges that the defend
ants • fraudulently represented that • de
fendants Gllcher and his wife owned 500
acres of land In Emaruel County, Georgia,
and 500 acres of land In Johnson' County,
Kentucky, which .was given in exchange
for property owned by plaintiffs near Es
condido. i The Eastern property, it is
claimed by the plaintiffs, was misrepre
sented by the defendants both as to value
and location. It is. further alleged that
a note for $2000 signed by Charles A: Fred
erickson in favor of Michael Traver, and
which was made a part of the considera
tion in the trade, was valueless and was
so known to the defendants at the time of
making the trade.' On these allegations
plaintiffs pray >that the Superior. Court
cancel and annul the deed given by them
to E. W. Loring for their property, and
for all | other relief pertaining to equity
and for costs.* ... . : ¦
The charges of fraud made by the com
plaint against J. N. Bunch, the real estate
agent who engineered the trade, are vig
orously denied .by. him,. though he ac
knowledges -that he is the ¦ principal de
fendant. "He asserts that when Mr. : Pur
din entered into the exchange of the. prop
erty he did It with complete knowledge
of the value of the Georgia property, hav
ing had an abstract of it in -his possession
for months before the traBe was made.
It is claimed by the plaintiffs that the
Georgia property is pretty much a myth
and that other people have been swindled
by it. The property is said to be an im
mense overlapping land grant and the
other title is the one which holds good.
Escondido • Man and His
Wife Accuse Prominent
San Diegans.
CHARGE FRfiUD
IN LAND DEAL
Maples, C F. Riddell, R. ¦ "W. Thompson.
Law— L. H. • Albertson, R. L. Alderman, W.
F. Bourland. H. Brickell, L». H.' Brown, E. L.
Brune, C. A. Cantwell, H.- "W. Chappel, G. T.
Cochran, R. W. Coieman, W. M. Cranston, J.
H. Crippen, R. P. Cross, B. S. Crow, M. C.
Delarli, T. M. Divlny. F. H. Drake, J. F.
English, -Li. Ferrari, Hugji Fester, A Me Free,
Ask for a Receiver.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash.. April 12.—
kfter waiting forty-five days at the re
juest of the bank officers to enable them
:o raise funds with which to reopen the
Scandinavian-American Bank of this city,
R-hich failed on February 27, the deposi
tors to-day unanimously requested the
rourt to appoint Robert Muir permanent
receiver. President St. John of the insti
lution is said to be in London attempting
to procure funds with which to pay de
positors. St. John was president of the
Bank of Blaine. of Blalne, Wash., which
failed at the same time as the Scandi
navian-American. The combined liabili
ties of the two institutions are said to be
tbout $50,000.
VALLEJO, April 12.— The Philadelphia is to
ro to Samoa on her next cruise. Orders have
befti received at the navy-yard to forward a
ft earn launch en the Philadelphia to the island
of Tutuila. The Philadelphia will leave about
May 10.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postmasters Appointed in the "West
ern Country and a Number of
ITe-wr Pensions Issued.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— Postofflce
Department orders are: Postoffice estab
lished: California— Del Monte, Monterey
County, William A. Junker, Postmaster.
Discontinued:- "Washington — Sherwood,
King County, mail to Maplevllle. Post
master commissioned: Washington— Clark
Long. Paha. Appointed: California— J.
B. Trabucco, Bear Valley, Mariposa
County, vice Philip Chosser, resigned; J.
W. Schoonever, Winthrop, Shasta Coun
ty, vice E. S. McDowall, resigned. Wash
ington— R. R. McDonald. Kamilche, Ma
son County, vice Joseph Kullerick, re
signed; Carl Jacobson, Mattlock, Mason
County, vice James Hodgkinson, removed.
Army orders announce that Captain
Eruest K. Johnstone, assistant surgeon
of volunteers, now In San Francisco, is
assigned to duty in th« Philippines.
Pensions issued to-day were: Califor
nia: Original— Alden W. Engley. Crescent
City, $6; Charles H. Ball, San Francisco,
16; Nathaniel Alexander, Campo, $6; Wes
ley Eugene Bond Bartholow, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8. Renewal— Alvin W.
Caulkins, Palo Alto, $8; Michael Maloney,
San Francisco, $8. Increase— Lyman W.
Ashley, Murrieta, $8. Original widows-
Miners of John W. Basley, San Francisco,
$14: Lizzie F. Foss, Riverside. $8. '
Oregon: Increase— Alonzo E. Parker
Salem, $10; Charles J. Hayes, Hood;
River, $8. • •
Washington; Increase— Nathaniel B.
Lucas. Soldiers' Home. Orting. $12; Joseph
F- Tyler, Dayton, $8.
SENATOR CLABK BONDS
GBASS VAXLEY MINES
Group of Fouj Properties Will B<2
"Worked on an Extensive .
Scale.
GRASS VALLEY, April 12.— A group, of
four Grass Valley mines has been bonded
by the representatives of Senator W. A.
Clark of Montana. The mines were the
property of Martin Ford, one of the old
time miners of this camp. They are be
tween the Massachusetts Hill and the
North Star, at the latter of which there
was a big strike on the 1600-foot level one
month ago. The properties bonded are the
Vulcan, Irish-American, Ford & Smith
and Bob Smith, comprising in all 125 acres.
The property was enormously rich In the
shallow diggings of the early days, j
The purchasing syndicate consists of
Miles Finlen, bis son, James T. Finleh.'
Thomas Hinds and Charles Clark; who is
a son of Senator Clark. A new plant of
electrical machinery will be put in at once
and a new shaft 500 feet deep will be sunk
within six months.
AGED MAN'S MTJBDEBEB . *
IN DANGER OF LYNCHING
Six Men Arrested on- Suspicion of
Having Killed Thomas H.
Pemberton.
"WEATHEBFORD, O. T., April 12.—
Thomas H. Pemberton, aged 65 - years,
was killed here at midnight last night,
and to-night bIx suspects were arrested
and will be held for investigation. Their
names are E. J. Welch, Thomas McCor
mlck. Charles Reed. Charles Chapman, J.
W . Welch and J. A. Bowyer.
Pemberton. who came here six weeks
ago from Glasgow. Ky.. where his fam
ily resides, was assaulted by some one
who struck him twice across the head
with a heavy club. The object of the
murder was robbery.
The Coroner's inquest. Is in progress to
night, and if the guilty person is found
he will be lynched.*
Equal Suffragists Meet
SAN JOSE. April 12.— The Santa Clara
County Equal. Suffrage Association met
in annual convention at the Unitarian
church' this morning. A score of delegates
were present, representing all the politi
cal equality clubs of the county. Mrs. A.
L. Corbert of Palo Alto presided and Mrs.
Ina Orvis of Sari Jose was secretary. The
following officers were elected for the en
suing year: President, Dr. A. ' C. Avery;
vice president, Mrs. Lucretia Taylor; cor
responding secretary, Mrs. P. M. Gassett;
recording secretary, Mrs. Ina Orvis;
treasurer, Mrs. H. M. Thurber; auditor,
Mrs. Holland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.-The strike
fever which had its inception among the
longshoremen at San Pedro and. next at
tacked the section employes of the Ter
minal Railway has been spreading. The
bottlers at Maier & Zobelein's big brew
ery struck this morning and .- for three
hours there was no one in the establish
ment to bottle and cork the company's
daily output. At the snd-of that time the
management acceded to thto demands of
its employes and work was recommenced.
Maier & Zobelein were not the only ones
affected by the action of the Bottlers'
Union.- Adloff & Hauoiwass, as bottlers
for the Welland Brewing Company of San
Francisco, and the Los Angeles Brewing
Company participated in the capitula
tion. •
Up to a month ago the ' bottlers were
paid $S to $10 a week. -The bottling: depart
ment is one of the mo3t important of the
industry and requires skliled men. There
was a meeting of the union and they sent
to the. brewing associations a demand for
a flat rate of $12 a week. The breweries
at once combined against the demand and
sent back a refusal of the terms suggest
ed. The union was as llrm as the brew
eries and turned the cuestion over to its
delegate, Thomas O. Dunn, chairman of
the grievance committee. •
Mr. : Dunn at once, began a vigorous
fight. He waited upon every customer the
breweries have in the city, explained the
situation and asked for co-operation. He
also called up every, political and business
"pull" he could muster ind finally Adloff
& Hauerwass surrendered. Maler & Zo
belein and the Los Angeles Erewine Com
pany held out and insisted that nothing
would compel them to fall into line.
They made good their threat until this
morning and- then the order was given the
bottlers at Maier & Zotx»leln's to : stop
work. They did -so and three, hours later
the management of the brewery sent worrj
to ; Mr. Dunn that after due . deliberation
the. company had decided "to agree to nil
demands. The Los Angeies Brewing Com
pany at once f olio wesd : suit. ;
Gets a Wage Increase by
Tying Up Los : Angeles
- Breweries.
HR. Fry, C. B. Glllesple, A. R. Hicks, C. E.
Holbrook, W. G. Hudson, K. J. Lockey, E. N.
Mabrey, G. "W. Mordecai, C. L. Richards, A.
B. Stewart. It. H. Susman, Eugene Warren,
\V. J. Wood.
Mathematics — Miss Trene Pitcher, Miss C.
Taber, W. E. Whittier.
Physics— J.*G. Brown. ,.
• Chemistry— A. . J. Cox, J. B. Holmes, J.
Marx, A! L. Moeller, F. J. Reidy. C. 8. Wells,
R. "Wheeler. - " ¦ . •• ;
Physiology— A. W. Balrd, Miss M. E>.' Barn
ard, J. A. rBentley. G. A Castagnetto, H. U.
Day, P. K. Gllman. Miss E. McFadden. C. W.
Page, G.>L. Sobey. -. ¦ >r- -¦ . ¦ •
, Zoology— W. K. Fisher, e: Heller, Miss H.
H. Mills. ¦
Geology— H. L. Haehl, H. H. Holley, T. J.
Hoover, J. M. Hyde, B. N. Jackson, A B.
Lemmon, L. I>. Mills, W. . M. Parkin, F. W.
Rush.
Civil engineering — J. B. Balcomb, E. Breen,
F. M. Brookle, H.X. Keucher. ', ¦
.. Electrical engineering— F. V. T. Lee, N. G.
Symonds. -. ' . •
BOTTLERS' UNION
WINS A STRIKE
MTSS WINIFREDB McLAUGHLIN,
WHO GETS A DIPLOMA AS A
HARP VIRTUOSO.
NEW YORK, April 12.— William E.
Coffin of this city, who was a former part
ner in the banking house of Coffin &
Stanton, which made a general assign
ment in 1894, filed a petition in bankruptcy
in the United States District Ceurt to-day.
He schedules his liabilities at $4,150,907
and assets at $25, which is cash in bank.
The secured claims amount to $2,986,172.
¦ The debts are old ones, having been con
tracted by the firm in its usual transac
tions of a banking-house business prior
to the assignment in 1894. Coffin is liable
on all the claims named in the petition un
der the laws governing partnership liabili
ties. In October, 1894, the house made a
general assignment for the benefit of the
creditors to Newman Erb. Later, by an
order of court, Thomas P. Wicke was
made receiver of all the assets of the firm.
The largest creditor who holds no se
curity is the city of Santa Cruz, Cal.,
$332,000. This sum is due the municipality
on a contract for bonds purchased.
The firm, it was said, was in the habit
of making loans with "Western banks by
putting up a partial security of first-class
bonds and stocks and hypothecating as
the balance of security bonds and stocks
of companies which the firm had pro
moted and which were practically unmar
ketable. In furthering their numerous
plans the partners became practically the
fiscal agents for a number of "Western
cities, Including Seattle.
OWES MILLIONS;
OWNS NOTHING
William Coffin, Who Bought
Santa Cruz Bonds, Is
a Bankrupt.
BICHOTSSS OF NEW
KOOTENAY DIGrCHNCJS
Experienced Miner Says tho Gold la
the Highest Grade Ho Has
Ever Seen.
SPOKANE. ' April 12.— A Spokesman-
Review reporter returned to-day from
the gold discovery on the St. Mary's
River, in Kootenay County, Idaho. H»
confirms previous reports of the richness
of the claims. "With proper appliances
two ' experienced miners can take out
from $40 to $50 a day. The entire gulch
has been staked. The road is thronged
•with men rushing Into the district. Rob
ert Neil, an experienced placer miner
from Spokane, says the gold is the high
est grade he has ever seen. -
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 12.— Secretary
sf the Treasury Gage, in pursuance of his
policy to purchase on account of the sink
ing fund such long-time bonds ap may be
offered at a price making the return to
the seller equivalent to selling new 2 per
rents at $1 06Vi. to-day bought a lot of
U,000,000 in fours of 1907. The price paid
was $113 55, which experts of the Treas
ury calculate puts these bonds on the
tame footing from an Investment stand
point as new twos.
A lot of these same bonds was offered to
Eecretary Gage yesterday at a price one
juarter of a cent higher than that at
R-hich he bought them to-day. Gage, re
fused, however, to depart from the policy
tvhich he laid down in the statement in
which he declared his Intention of buying
short-term bonds when offered at satis
factory rates, and. although there was a
pressing demand for currency in the New
1'ork money market, he would not offer a
nigher rate. The result was that the
oonds were offered at his terms to-day.
This lot was not the only one offered to
3ay. One offer proposed to sell to the
rreasury $10,000,000 of short-time bonds,
aut the "price demanded was higher than
:he Secretary was willing to pay. This
Dffer was accompanied by an alternative
proposition to sell the Government $10,-
KW.00O of new 2 per cents, but the Secre
tary will not buy these long-term bonds.
The lot purchased to-day brings the total
fince the Secretary made his offer up to
U,262,000.
Figures Demanded by Sec
retary of the Treasury
Are Offered.
BAN RAFAEL, April 12.— Some days ago
the San Francisco daily papers contained
the notice of the death of Honore Mallon
et the City and County Hospital. The
simple announcement has created more
than usdal interest here, for the people
of this city remember Hono* Mallon as a
person other than a subject for charity.
Nature had civen her a beautiful form
and face and the death of her father and
mother and later her brother conferred
upon her an estate that made her a much
sought heiress. This is why people could
hardly believe that the Bubject of the
death notice was the once beautiful Ho
nore Biggins.
In the early days of this county Thomas
Eiggins made his home here with his wife.
In association with other pioneers he
6tarted extensive brick yards on the bay
Bhore. San Francisco was growing and
the brick business brought Thomas Big
gins a fortune. His wealth was dis
tributed over the county, Including
ranches, town lots and buildings in many
localities. Fortune smiled upon him in
other ways. His home was blessed with
several children— two boys and a girl.
The boys were bright lads and the girl
possessed wondrous beauty. All went
well with the Biggins family until death
claimed the parents. Then fortune
ceased to smile upon them.
The boys, Thomas and James, no sooner
GAGE MAKES
BOND PURCHASE
received their share of the estate than
they launched upon careers of dissipation.
They went the pace that kills and in sev
eral years both were dead. Thomas died
here and James passed away in San
Francisco, where at the time it was be
lieved he committed suicide.
In the meantime Honore had married
Charles E. MaJIon. Several children
blesseo the union and for a time it seemed
that Ill-fortune .would pass the stately
Honcre and leave her In the possession of
husband, children, beauty and wealth.
But this was not to be. In 1893 Charles
Mallon died at his home In this city. The
blow was a sad one for his wife and for
a time she mourned him deeply. Then a
change came over her. She was no longer
contented to lead the quiet, humdrum life
she had before. The same sinister fate
that had made victims of her brothers
seized her. Her lands and properties
were scattered to the winds. Along the
primrose path of reckless pleasure she
scattered with lavish hand her inherit
ance. Her children were placed in an
orphan asylum. She sold the roof over
her head and went to San Francisco. The
life she led there is shrouded in mystery
to her friends here.
The notice in the papers recently has
awakened many memories here. ' Honore
Biggins, belle of the county, admired and
loved, and Honore Mallon dead, a pauper
in a public institution! The lives of the
members of Thomas Biggins' family -have
been tragedies. ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The heat Increased, ily bones seemed as
though crisped and charred with heat
and I could seem to feel my fle3h melting
and dropping away from the bones.
"I tri^d to pull my hand away and could
not. I braced my knees against the mar
ble slab and gave an extra wrench. In
stantly I found myself lying on the cop
crete floor. I must have fainted for a
moment, but did not know it.
"The burn was carefully dressed and I
thought no more of it for twenty-four
hours. Then I began to have pains in
my stomach. The bowels and muscles of
the stomach would contract and . relax
spasmodically and the pain was intense.
It was similar to the feeling experienced
when one grasps a heavily charged elec
tric battery."
Gradually Ames grew worse and blood
poisoning set In. For three weeks he was
kept alive on a diet of strychnine and
brandy. First his hand was cut off and
yesterday the arm up to the elbow was
amputated to save bis life. He Is likely
to recover.
Ames Is chief engineer of the Tacoma
Railway and Power Company, owning the
Tacoma street railways. He has workcl
around power houses fifteen years ana
never before received a. burn. B*or four
teen years he was an engineer for the
Southern Pacific and for several years
served as engineer for the Pacific Steam
ship Company at San Francisco.
LIVES TO TELL HOW IT FEELS
TO BE "BURNED TO A CRISP"
Tacoma Engineer Sustains Shock of More
Than Two Thousand Volts .
W of Electricity.
CUBANS REJECT
THE AMENDMENT
¦ x was adjusting the current in the
power house. The voltage, registered 2200
when my right hand formed a connection
between the rheostat and ammeter. The
wires, unknown to myself or any one else.
were grounded in some way, or there
would not have been the slightest danger.
Instantly I felt a pain. I seemed to be
on fire. Every bone in my body, especial
ly those of my legs, seemed to be red hot.
Such Is a fragment of the feeble effo-t
made by J. S. Ames to describe his sensa
tion, as, he received the full force of 22C0
volts of electricity. Mr. Ames, attended
by his wife and a corps of trained nurses,
lies stretched on a bed in the Fannie Pad
dock Hospital. He is feeble and emaci
ated and his skin is yellow and wrinkled.
On Saturday and Sunday last he -was not
expected to live. Blood poisoning was do-
Ing its fatal work. Before he went to the
hospital he was a strong, vigorous man in
perfect . health and weighed 194 I pounds.
Now he is a mere skeleton, minus h!s
right hand and half of the forearm-
Ames was the victim of an accident
that occurred on February 20, but for
private reasons was not given publicity
until to-day. How it occurred Is told by
him as follows:
TACOMA, April 12.— "My bones were on
fire." I felt them getting hotter and hotter
and the flesh covering them melted and
dropped away."
Convention Goes on Record
as Opposed to the Platt
Measure.
It Is admitted that Lieuteant Com
mander Young's court bad jurisdiction In
the matter of sentence, Tsut he considered
his object had been attained in making
an example of two agitators, who, it is
alleged, were at the bottom of the recent
labor I troubles, and who had been even
mere recently engaged In inciting another
strike. , The . former strike was settled by
a mutual agreement by all parties to re
gard the schedule of wages drawn up and
published in the Official Gazette as the
law, but El Estlvador had been attacking
the, schedule as unjust and calling upon
workmen to resent it.
HAVANA,' April 12.— The Cuban Consti
tutional Convention placed Itself upon
record to-day against the Platt amend
ment by a vote of IS to 10 on a resolution
that the convention should declare itself
opposed to the amendment "on account of
the terms of some clauses and the way in
which they are drawn, and also on the
contents of the others, especially clauses
III. VI and VII."
-The .. conservatives assert that . this ac
tion is embarrassing, inasmuch as it prac
tically ties the hands of any commission
that might be sent to Washington.
Lieutenant Commander Lucien Young,
Captain of the Port of Havana, sentenced
Secundine" Torral de Garcia and Julio TJr
rutia, editor and director of El Stevedore,
to- sixty and. ninety days respectively In
Altares prison for a libelous article, in
which it was said -that Young lied when
he sent j to General Wood a copy of the
paper purporting to contain the agree
ment'with the stevedores reached in the
recent strike. The stevedores are greatly
incensed and threaten to make trouble.
At a later hour this afternoon both men
were released.
SAN JOSE/ April- 12.— William M. Grlf
,fln has rnade public his letter of resigna
tion as president of. the California Pack
ers' Company bearing date March 28.
He says he was led to take this step
on account of controversy between him
self and members of the directory of the
Cured Fruit . Asociation, and that he did
it in the interest of harmony. He asserts
that if there is any trouble It Is his own,
and that none exists between the pack
ers and - the association.
To-day he took the tiger into the arena
to put him through some of his tricks.
Rajah was known to be very vicious. Bos
terek wore a heavy wire mask over his
head and neck and carried a revolver and
a club. The animal was cowed into sub
mission while in the arena and was final
ly released and started toward his cage,
the route being a winding passageway
that extended . from the arena back to
the . rear of the cages. While Bosterek
and the tiger were in the narrow pas
sageway the animal suddenly jumped for
Bosterek and sunk his fangs into the
trainer's left arm. The force of the blow
threw Bosterek to the floor. Then the
tiger tore at the mask, his teeth going
through and tearing Bosterek's face in a
terrible manner. He was unable to use
his revolver and shouted for help. Cap
tain Bonavila, another trainer, rushed to
Bosterek's assistance and drove the tiger
into the cage. Bosterek's right foot and
legs ' are badly injured and he may lose
his left arm.
'Resignation of Griffin.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 12.— Frank C.
Bosterek, proprietor of the Zoo in this
city, was to-day attacked and dangerously
injured by the tiger Rajah, which a few
weeks ago tore an employe of the Zoo to
pieces. . The animals have been undergo
ing a course of training for the Buffalo
exposition and Bosterek came here from
Baltimore to direct the work.
in a Narrow Corridor and
Breaks His Mask.
VICIOUS TIGEB TEARS k
; TRAINER'S ARM ANT) FACE
Infuriated Animal Leaps at the Man
SAN JOSE, April 12.-One of the
most notable muslcales In the his
tory of San Jose was held at the
Convent of Notre Dame;yester
day, when Miss "Winif rede Mc-
Laughlln, a student of the harp, gave her
graduation recital. The audience ! was a
large and fashionable j one. In the ! con
course were gifted musicians j and clergy
from various parts of the State.
Miss McLaughlin Isthe daughter of E.
McLaughlln, a prominent banker of this
city. She has the honor of being the sec
ond graduate of \ the Notre Dame . Con
servatory and Is said to be the first young
lady west of Chicago to graduate on the
harp. Her study of this instrument has
been thorough and she evidences great
premise. Miss McLaughlin has great tal
ent for execution and interpretation, and
tho manner in which she performed and
the expression ' giveii her most difficult se
lection elicited the admiration.. of those
present. Each number was greeted with
rounds of applause.
The stage was beautifully decorated
with flowers and palms, and these, ¦ with
the whiteness of the young ladles' cos
tumes, gave a beautiful and simple aspect
to the ensemble.
Miss McLaughlin was assisted by Miss
Flora Tiltgen on the Janko piano-board.
Miss Emilie Aguirre with a vocal solo,
Mi&s Hilda Wilcox on the violin, Miss
Maude Campbell and Miss V. Inigro on the
concert grand piano and Miss Ada
Rhodes, on the organ. • '
In a few words Rev. Father Frleden,
superior of the Jesuit order of
the Pacific Coast, he presented Miss Mc-
Laughlin with her diploma, and then Rev.
Father Sasia delivered a masterly ad
dress. ,:-, *¦¦-/. '
NORMAL SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Diplomas Are Awarded to Twenty
Young 1 Teachers.
SAN JOSE, April - 12.— Twenty young
teachers were graduated from the State
Normal School here to-day. This Is the
regular spring class. There were no ex
ercises and they were handed their di
plomas by Professor Dailey. . The gradu
ates are:
Arlenine Aiken, Daisy M. Bowman. Edward
Boyce, Anna C. Botts, Anna J. Cooper, Olive'
Beede, Mary A. Burke. Iva A. Gelatt, Mar
guerite -Hanley, Bertha Freyschlag, Charles
Rickabaugh, . George' Schultzberg, Josephine
Smith, Margaret F. Mclnerny, Lauretta Gray
son. Edwin A. Palmer, William M. Heston,
Maude Mariner, Maud Ethel Nerell, Clara
Genevieve Fleming.
STAHTORiyS RETHUNG CLASS.
A ¦ .. ¦ ¦ -
Second Largest in the History, of the
University. ' ; .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 12.—
The final list of candidates for. graduation
in May was posted by Registrar Elliott
to-day. It shows that the graduating
class will consist of one hundred and
fifty-nine persons. .This Is the second
larp«»«t class that Stanford has ever grad
uated. The following are the names of
the graduates and the department In
which they will take their degrees:
Classical philology— F. C. Murgotten, E. I*
: Rea, Miss M. Weir.
! Latin — Miss Helen Dorset, Miss G. Evans,
Miss Lucy France, Miss A. L.. Hamilton, Miss
F. Hopper, Miss M. Meredith, A. N. Merritt,
: Miss F. Taylor. Miss V. Townsend, Miss B. K.
Turner, Miss J. Wanner.
German— Miss B. R. Bacher, Miss I*. ' M.
Carver, Miss K. Drver, Miss H. M. Hoguf,
Miss C. D. Keller, Miss R. Merritt, Miss B. K.
Roth. .
Romanic languages— Miss S. D. Barnwell,
Miss V. Nichols, Miss B. M. Shaw.
English— F. C. Bailey, L. M. Bowman, C. M.
Bradley, Miss G. Caswell, < Miss E. H. Cone.
Miss M. A. Coulter, Miss A. M. Cowdery, Miss
L. B. Everett. Miss E. -T. Gray, Miss R. Har
ris, Miss ,1*. Herzinger, Miss H. Holmes, Miss
M. lbs. Miss B. Kalloch, J. A. Koontz,- ,C. M.
Marrack, P. L. Mitchell, D. Montgomery, Miss
E CFarrel, Miss I>. E. Osborn, Miss L. I..
Ripley. Mies M. S. Simpson, Miss M. Stan
ford. Miss Edna Weh, Miss E. H. Zucker.
Education— Miss S. L*. Cooke. Miss L. Good
win. Miss Ida Gray, E. L. Mltchel, Miss G.
Rowell J. N. Snell, F. E. Thompson, A. L
Walker, J. B. Wootten. "¦
History— Miss J. Ballard, Hiss G. Barneberg,
Miss O. Ia Brown, M!ss A. Butterfleld, Miss
A, M. Oole, P. J. Cummins, Miss Edna Del
linger, H. J. Edwards, W. K. Gray, Miss L.
Hall. Hiss M. Harris, Miss J. J. Haskell. Miss
1$. B. Hyde, S. P. McCrea, Miss H. L. Mat
thews, A. E. Monteith, W. A. Morris. Miss S.
G. Morrison, W. C. Morrow, Miss Maud Stev
ens, W. S. Upton, MisB E. M. Wood.
• Economics and sociology— F. Adams, E. M."
Card, /W. C. Day, H. A; Friedman, E. T.
Honore flallon Dissipates Her Great Fortune
and Her Life Comes to a Close in
Pitiful Poverty.
ONCE NOTED BEAUTY DIES
IN THE COUNTY HOSPITAL
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
TMJE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
Miss Wiriif rede McLaughlin Gives a flusicale in Notre
Dame at San Jose.
GRADUATES FROM A CONVENT
AS VIRTUOSA OF THE HARP
3
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
(«& iraUAIZKBT.lrt.C±*7tS,S.r.C»l.,
fcy The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
i—are^. or!d - Weaknesses or any contracted ,
Sfe i§W d'sease povit i » «-i y cl ir«< by the oldest '
«j=rS3| s Pcaali*t on the Coast list. Je years. i
ZdrM.k DR * J0RDAN -DISEASES OF MEN <
I wjwSS Consultation free and strictly private.
Jj J»€rn Treatment personally or by letter. Al
8 » «H Cure in erery case undertaken. "
Pi lllr w ritc for Book. rBlLOROPBYof ,
U 11 »*BBIACE. MAILED FREE, ul
(3 (j. valuable book for men)
l>«. JOBDaX A CO., 1051 Marfcet St.. S. F. (
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
* Gran-Solrenf dissolves Stricture like looir b*.
aeath the snn, rednces Enlarged Prostate aa4
itren gthens the Seminal Duets, stopping Drains in
emissions In Fifteen Days.
Ho drncs to rnln tbe stomach, but » direct local
Mid posture application to the entire urethra) trac*
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared !a
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth »nd BexlJ»l»
tad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know, Himself.
{te St. Jsraes Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O., bat
¦rtpared at great expense an exhaust- f* n V I" I
We Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
tystem, which tlnur wlU send to aayrnrf" I
Bale applicant. ¦ ¦¦»¦•¦¦.
ST JAMFS ASSV 2S0 ELn ST «»
31. JAJ1C3 A33H., Cincinnati, Ohfo.
DIRECTORY
* OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IROX
I r WII SftV * ffl ** Battery Street.
J. t- nllOUil O LU«. Telephone Main IMi.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CMITfT shlD Plumbing:, Steamboat anj
• W« ClIllHl, ship Work a specialty. It and
» "Washington st. Telephone Main SMI. •
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA5. BOYES & CO- ggP^JJagW"
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
413 Front st. S. F. Pbone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
F r HTTfiHFS printer.
»~ V- UUUIICJ) SU •Sanaom» St.. S. T.
PRINTERS BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
->••-, tt First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
"aSff** PARTRIDGE TtI c e S^°
DR. CROSSMAN'S
j SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tho Curs of- Gonorrhoea. Glo»t».
I Strictures and analogous complaints
I ¦.*;••'. of tha Organs of Generation.
Price n a bottle. For sale by . dranrista,
i-Wesfiy call $i.oo wM
Is told by most people. If it were not,
the whole commercial and social fabric
would fall to pieces. There are thou-
sands upon thousands of people who
testify to the cures effected by Dr. 1
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, paper-
covered, is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dx, R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
' BEST
: BIGGEST
BRIGHTEST
CHEAPEST
The Evening Post
* ¦
v Buy it to-day
for all the
news and
The American-Oxford
Movement;
¦ , its objects explained' by
FRANK BVTFINGTON VB00MAN.
40c per Month,
Including superb
Magazine.
BIGGEST
DKllxfl 1 Go a
CHEAPEST
Pierce's Golden «lim«ju, '¦ ¦ a
They are representa- S^^^^^B
tive people in their K?ff«§a»Ka "Cl
communities. You SMiwS gj3|/
¦would believe their £;v^^^S\!i.
•word on any cues- K ( •>^&tf£ai*'V*~
tion of knowledge. |5yJT J^
The)- speak the sim- gftj&?y YTt^J
pie truth when they j \ I £ if/
testify that Doctor | SfA |"/
Pierce's Golden \ V \\ l/^
Medical Discovery I -TrrVr^
cures dyspepsia, * "J I o
w weak" stomach and »X Jj
other diseases of the <^— g^j
stomach and its si- f&jtfegjs o
lied org.-ms of di^es- --"'"
tion and nutrition. 'JAgg — n\
It cures when all Ji fPf, »^ff Ly.
other remedial C M \>VL*> J^
means have failed. i .'
It cures perfectly (
and permanently.
There is no alco- £2gy5fc=5 >_
hoi in the " Discov- VJ[i$E£t—v
ery" it is free from I— •— — — — — J
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. There is
nothing "just as good."
1 was a total Trreck— could not eat or sleep,"
¦writes Mr. J. O. Beers, of Benyxnan, Crawford
Co.. Ma. "For two years I tried medicine from
doctors, T>ut received very little benefit. ' I lost
flesh and strength, was not able to do a good
day's work. I commenced taking: Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, and when I had
taken one bottle I could sleep, and my appetite
*.-as wonderfully improved. I have taken five
bottles and ani still improving."
personally Conducted
Tours
I2JSEHEALTH
From the State of Danger,
' County of Depression,
City of Unrest ,
Under the auspices of
Warner's Safe- Care Co.
• and its Corps of
Registered Physicians.
jt jl o» jfc
; pegin the tour and cure*tcPday,
. tiy procuring a bottle of Warner's
Safe : Cure from your nearest dealer
and writing to Warner's SafejCuxe
Co., Rochester, N.Y., requesting
further advice and .vfxiiide Book,
•, which will be sentJyo* free by re-
turn' Post/
• I.
AT>'P7«7RXT s * >< 'f M KiyPR.THE second series of baseball
games is now under way and tho
contests so far played show
enough to prejudge the kind of
baseball which wlll.be offered by
the California League during the early
part of the season.
There is no question that the season has
opened with every indication of strong
popular favor and conditions are such this
year that the game can be brought back
to Its old-time popularity. It is the public
that Is being served and every demand
made by it I should be given an attent
ear. So far the teams playing In the Cali
fornia League have acquitted themselves
on the field in good fashion. The rest lies
with the managers.
Popular verdict has fixed upon the San
Francisco and the" Los Angeles teams as
the two strongest combinations of the
league ' and that impression seems to be
founded on facts. • But It. is too early at
this stage of the running to pick out win
ners. The four nines, although settled
as to personnel, have. not yet crystallized.
The local team has been experimenting at
third and In the right territory. I Nordyke,
who guards the third station, is not' yet
In form, but should develop Into a good
WASPS AN D ANGELS STRUGGLI NG
FOR THE EARLY BASEBALL LEAD
man. . Croll has been relected to attend
to the right 'garden. It remains as yet
for these newcomers to show the measure
of their abilities.
Sacramento was crippled by. the absence
of Stanley, during several of the games
of the first series.- Oakland and Los An
geles, however, have, not suffered in any
such way. They have played their reg
ular teams without suffering a hitch.. .
That no mistake was made in drawing
the Los Angeles team into the league Is
clearly evidenced by*the enthusiasm mani
fested In that city. In the southern city
the . people' are swelling with ' baseball
ardor. They consider their team I as
something of themselves and grow wildly
vociferous • when attending a game in
which the Los Angeles team takes part.
The Thursday and Friday, attendance
has increased. This was noticeable in the
first Los Ang-eles-San Francisco game.
The second game of tlie series of the
League, of the Cross Cadets Baseball
League will be played at Sixteenth: and
Folsom street grounds to-morrow. . . The
first game will be between Companies D
and C at 12:30 and the second srame be
tween. Companies B and G at 2:30 p. m.*
Hugh Smith will. umpire both games. The
line-up will be as follows: •
Co. C. , . Positions. Co. X>.
Nell ....Pitcher.. ....J. P. MeQuade
Bannon Catcker ...Byrnes
T. Dougherty. First base Sheehan
McDonald........ Second base....C. McQuada
Miller..... ..Third base Haynes
F. Dougherty Short stop.. ...... .O'Connor
Lally.. Left field......... '.Svetenich
Welsh.'.. ......... ..-.'.Center field.. ...-.McCarthy
, Hall - ....Right field ...Laydon
SECOND GAME.
Co. B. - Positions. . Co. G.
Mlramontes. ....... ...Pitcher ..Bruce
Ryan.... .Catcher Toohey
Wright......'... ...... .First base.... ...Ryan
McWllliams ......Second base Nolan
McCarthy Third base.... ;.. Haley
Westerberg.. Short stop...... J. Rlvas
McCann Left field .....F. Rlvas
Brown ......Center field. ....... ..Malone
Crowe Right field Crowley
• ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ • ' ¦ ¦
TWO PROMINENT PITCHERS OF THE LOS ANGELES TEAM AND THE -MAN' WHO SIGNALS/FOR THEIR
CURVES. ALL THREE HAVE INGRATIATED THEMSELVES WITH THE PATRONS OF THE, GAME IN THE
SOUTHERN CITY. - . ' ' . - *
Fees for Building 1 Permits.
The', Supervisors' -'Judiciary; Committee
yesterday, reported ' in 'favor of .the iordl
nance establishing a graduated - schedule
of ; fees to be charged by. the Board of
Works for supervising:. the construction of
private buildings. .The ordinance was first
amended- by cutting the r fees ; chargeable
for the issuance of building permits 50 per
cent., -. ; •'.•: ; ¦;. : : -* -. «*?
BENCH-SHOW ENTRIES.
There will be a large entry, of grey
hounds in the coming bench show of. the
San Francisco Kennel. Club, as the cours
ing men have all become interested in -it
and the bench show committee has offered
special Inducements for , owners to ¦ enter
thefr dogs. Just now there are many
that are not In training for the coursing
BAD "COURSING WEATHER.
• CLAY. CENTER, Kans.. April 12.— Tho
second day of the Kansas-Nebraskh
coursing meet wa3 not a success, owing
to a storm. The puppy stake was de
clared off. In the all-age stake $220 waa
divided equally among the twenty-tvrj
dogs winning the first round. The ilar
kato meet will begin Monday and two sets
of races will be run.
The Friend Neb meet being: declared
off, Clay Center will have another meet
April 23 and U.
FOLLOWING THE FOX HOUNDS.
The season of the San Mateo Hunt Club
is . rapidly drawing to . a close. The point
to point hunt . last Saturday was • a great
success, - being one ¦ of ¦ the most sporting
and interesting events ever held : by the
club. W. S. Hobart entered- a thorough
bred racer which had Been taken over the
course once or twice, but a protest raised
on the ground that the horse had nol been
hunted regularly during the season, as
the "conditions of such an event require,
waa sustained. To-day . is • the last for
which a fixture has been made, the meet
being at ' Uncle Tom's Cabin, on the- San
Bruno road, at 4 p/ m. - If the ground re
mains reasonably soft, however,* there
may be a few more runs before the sport
is discontinued till next falL
ll'lUfciilllHilllMMl IIIHIIlMi i Hill in I I TTn^M^f
SWIMMING AT: SUTRO'S.
- At Sutro Baths on Sunday,' April: 14,- at
£30 p. m., the following contests will take
place: ' ¦ •
¦ BO-vard dash. • juveniles— R. Grundy.' J.
O'Brien, F. Magner, L. Flnnig-. C. Dono
van, C. Duke, P. Revert, D. Shipley. A.
Martinez. J." Douglass^ G. B'izzoni; J. Pat
ton, E. Harrington.* T.McKillop, F. Man
ning,' E. Wells, J. Mackel. R.", Herman, S.
Finninga. - ' :¦¦' ' ¦ " '¦ • '
Under- water swimming, • tub race, hign
diving, for boys— Open to all.- : ¦ • •
100-yard race, amateurs— C. Ritter. J.
Rollins, P. Louis. F. Rav. F~ Watson, J.
Bradley, R. ¦ RidlnKV 3U r Hanlon.' P. Rose,
M'Carmody, J. Hunt. ;B.. Bell. : L." Hay
wards. S. Bodkin, P. Sunberg, O. Lowen
thal. A.. Clayton. ; : •¦;
Trick and fancy springboard diving— G.
•Randall. J. A. Jackson. W. Gild, P. Louis.
R. Cordell. J- Mclntyre. M.. Lodd, C
Chalmer. F. Jorryr J.-O'Brien. C. Augus
tus, O.: Owens, E. Wells.^J. Johnson; L.
Haywards. . - .
ANGLERS ENJOYING
THE EARLY FISHING
W. R. Welch, Game Warden of Santa
Cruz, writes to the Fish Commissioners
that fishing in his county is unusually
good. He pays one. fortunate angler killed
five flsh over three pounds In weight in
one day in Soquel Creek. Reports from
Boulder Creek and vicinity are unusually
favorable for this time of the year.
Some of the members of the San Fran
cisco Fly Casting Club tell some very in
teresting Ptories, sworn to be true, about
catches made in coast streams since the
opening of the season. - • — -
Colonel William Keller has gone to the
MoCloud River and will make his head
quarters at Baird for the next month or
two. The conditions on the McCloud are
eaid to be favorable. Quite a number of
the members of the fly-casting club will
go up there the latter part of next week.
The fly-casting club jkIM hold a series of
contests on Stow Lake this afternoon and
to-morrow. Since the lake -was cleaned
out the water is as clear as crystal. The
trout and bass that were taken from the
lake when the water was drawn out can
be seen in the pool at the foot of the
falls. While they are not as numerous as
on previous occasions . they are unusually
fine specimens.
A score of amateur. Izaak Waltons
fished at Point Reyes last Sunday. They
were spread along the river from the rail
road bridge to the "White house. James
Watt caught forty-eight, D. Dolliver fifty.
C. B. Hollywood thirty. Mr. and Mrs.
Bower thirty-five and nice baskets were
secured by W. A. Hooper. J. B.Kenniff.
A- . Legaspie. G. Luttrell. F. Carroll. P.
Dugran and W. Chambers.. -
Dr. Washington Dodge and Dr. Gallwey
caught many flsh . in Purisslma Creek,
San Mateo County. . , . ... . . .
INTERCLASS ROWING RACES
The Boat Club of the University of Cali
fornia will hold an interclass, regatta this
afternoon on. Oakland Creek, the finish of
the races -belne near Sessions Basin. '.W.
B. ; Goodwin, coach of Ithe Berkeley oars
men, is desirous to have Oakland Creek
recognized as the accepted course for row
ing races. :; He would llke;to see a track
built alongside . the water, so that races
could be followed from start to finish by
spectators on ari^- observation train. He
believes that "„ it can be satisfactorily
shown. that the enterprise of the railroad
company, would be well rewarded." He has
obtained facts and figures from rowing
centers in the East tending to show how
great is the public interest in boat racing
when properly conducted. --- .- .
The oarsmen of San Francisco are Blow
in beginning the serious work of the row
ing season, a condition attributable to the
fact that hardly a single one of the boat
ing clubs is secure In its present location."
The' South -End: Rowing Club has had a
site between Long Wharf and the Arctic
Oil Works granted ,to it by the -Harbor
Commissioners, and an adjoining site has
been" granted to the Ariel Rowing. Club.
Both the clubs will try to take possession
of the new sites as soon as possible. -The
South Ends intend to put their clubhouse
on a barge and remove It to the new site,
but - the Ariels " will build a • new ; house.
The I South: End boathouse ' will be separ
ated ' from ¦ the . handball court, which will'
be left in its present? situation. The barges
and skiffs of the South are now In
good order and several crews and single
scullers went out ¦ for . practice last. Sun
day. 1 - The South Ends will hold a regatta
for members on , Sunday, April 28, and
after the races there will be an informal
Jinks.;'- ¦-" -:;':' ".- .:' - - - : -¦ -.-•.: > ,.-:
- ] The Olympic Boat Club; after maintain
ing an inert existence for some years, has
dissolved and a new organization has been
formed ; under the control of a board of
governors ¦- appointed 'by * William. Greer
Harrison, president' of the Olympic Club.
These governors* are Charles J. Lelghton,
F. J.' Rodsrers,- J. -. R. Bockman; j T. • F. | Me
herin,: Charles ' K. ¦ Melrose , George James
and'J.'.H. Dawson, all of whom are well
known: oarsmen/ swimmers or water polo
players.*-.; ;¦:<: } * . -
COLLEGE MEN ON •
THE TENNIS COURTS
One week from to-day the intercollegiate
tennis championship games will be played
at the California Club at Bush and Scott
streets. With the games but one . week
off, the uncertainty of the outcome seems
to increase daily. . . ' ' _
In recent practice games Harry Weihe,'
Stanford's best player, showed that . he
has improved much, although he hasprac
ticed but little during the past year. Wei
he Is probably the Quickest man on' thn
c<Jurts and at volleying -he - has -few - su
periors. William Roth, who will play the
other slngleB match for Stanford, has been
playing very poorly in practice, but -as he
is strictly a tournament player his col
leagues axe not worrying much. Dick Ad
ams, who will be Weihe's partner in the
doubles, is rather an uncertain element.
Should he give his partner any support
at-all in doubles their chances will be very
good.
Stanford has «. slight advantage inas
much as she Is represented by three men
and will have a fresh man in the doubles,
while California is represented by but two
men who will play both singles and-dou
bles, i
Paul Selby and Drummond McGavin will
wield the rackets for Berkeley. Selby is
the older and probably better player of
the two. but his partner is very little be
hind him. McGavin is the youngest player
of the five, but has been • playing tennis
ever since he could hold a racket." At
times he plays, a remarkable game in prac
tice, but he is a very poor tournament
player. McGavin Is a better doubles play
er than sineles. as he is very slow on his
feet and seems unable to execute his
Btrokes on the run. On the whole, Cali
fornia's chances depend very much on
the way this youngster plays on the day
of the meet. .
In a practice match during the week
Selby and McGavin won two sets from
George Whitney and Sumner Hardy. The
team work of the former was very good.
Grant Smith will try conclusions with
the Stanford - men to-day , on . their own
courts. . ; • ...
SHARP EYE ON
LEASHMEN WHO
GO WRONG
California Coursina Committee
Administers Punishment , to
Offenders and Their Dogs
That' it is' the aim of the California.
Coursing Committee to place the sport of
the leash at a high .standard and to elim
inate.the unpleasant features which have
a tendency to lower the game is evinced
by the action of the board in tha disposi
tion of cases wherein .' dishonest practices
are alleged. '. .«.' . ¦ i
. At arecent stake meeting of the Ingle
side Club at Vallejo Paslur Queen, the
property of J. I-, O'Srien.v acted- in. such
a strange manner that'll- was evident to
every one at the park that the courser
had' been doped. The dog, with several
others, was runin the name of T. Cole
man.' The ' club ¦' took - prompt » action and
ruled Coleman off fou l'fe. O'Brien's ken
nel and the ' dogs run in the disgraced
handler's name were suspended pending
action by the associatio'n committee.'
Thursday night the committee met - : and
after a hearing- ' sustained, the: action of
the club regarding Coleman's suspension.
It, was shown that O'Brien was in no way
responsible for the crooked work and ia
justice to him his kennel'was reinstated.*.'.
Linton and Lavona, which were run in
Coleman's name,- were' ruled off bytha
Coursing - Club. The conimlttee returned
registration fees to H. Lynch; their owner,
who will have to apply to the Ingleside
Club for their, reinstatement. • "•• <
Koolawnr a greyhound suspended for
four years on August . 3, 1899, at Union.
Park, was reinstated .by the committee for
breeding purposes. This I action does ; not
affect the penalty imposed regarding her
coursing. Robert E. Hooper, the bona
fide owner of the dog, pleaded to the com
mittee . that 'the ¦ punishment meted out
was sufficiently severe to ; serve its , pur
pose.' Dave. Hooper, who had the running
of the hound, has been forced to sever his
connection with the sport in this State..
- At Los Angeles ¦ William Murphy pre
sided as Judge. L. P. Nlchols^of Butte.
Mont. , ; charged that Murphy was ¦¦ han
dling his hounds on a percentage contract
and had disposed • of three of. the coursers
without ¦ first r obtaining ¦ the owner's . coa
sent.. Murphy, it is claimed, was given an
official " order to settle,: but , failed . to In
crease ¦ his standing despite many \ prom
ises.- Other complaints of a similar nature
have reached headquarters and. the board
notified ' the Los Angeles club ¦ of its dis
approval "of I the ;¦ maintenance : of t such ¦; a
Judge.' As a result the. southern club has
decided, to retire Murphy frdm'thje saddle.'
; To encourage * the exhibition • of »* grey
hounds in the coming San Francisco bencn
show the coursing committee has approved
of the action j of the I club regarding, doga
of -that class -and .will 1 , endeavor to bring
the best 'of the coursing celebrities to the
front. ¦*.:.'¦;¦¦¦¦''".:'¦- "-¦.:"-:?' ''¦'¦-, -^ -'¦,• -".;
¦ ¦• The bench show took coicnlzance ¦ of .the
fact that the « selection • of ' John ; Bradshaw
was ~\not- received : ;-'t with cheers; among
coursing .men* and'. 'set , about "to ' make a
races and they can therefore be exhibited
without loss to their owners.
M. C. Delano of Rocklin has been se
lected to judge the dogs of this breed and
his appointment gives universal satisfac
tion.' .. Added to this an extra offer has
been made since the issuance of the
premium list and $25 has been put up by
the kennel club for dogs winning cham
pionship stakes, with $15 to dogs- of this
class winning second place, besides prizes
for saplings . and junior dogs, $8 to the
first and $4 to the second. The junior
class is confined to dogs between twelve
and eighteen months old. - , ."
In addition to the sporting dogs, -Harry
Jarrett of Philadelphia will judge collies
and he is one of the best authorities on
the breelT there is on -this side, of the
water. . •
The Ladies' Kennel Association of
America has become interested in . the
show and has offered for competition for
members only, five premiumships and
trophies in all breeds and . In addition to
these the following special trophies: Islip
challenge cup, presented by H. B. Hollis,
for the best collie, to be won five times;
the Airdale challenge cup, presented by
Foxhall P.* Keene, f or the best Airdale
terrier; the Harris & Nixon cup for. the
best bull-terrier; the Clio de Melrode cup,
presented by Mrs. Jules J; Vatable.for the
best French bulldog (female); to.be won
five times; the Meadows challenge cup,
presented by Mrs. James L. Kernochan.
The Ladles' Kennel Association of Amer
ica •will give, special medals for all prize
winners entered by. members of their or
ganization. , - :
The Winters Collie Kennels wlll,make a
large -entry, both • of collies and grey
hounds. The ' Royal Kennels will bench
four -Maltese terriers, which have never
been shown on this coast before. <
"¦¦¦ From, the Irvinsrton Kennels Vat Fruit
•vale Mrs. E. B. Thompson will send King
Crockett; Doris. Prince . Orange and one
other rough-coat St. Bernard; that prom
ises to be a ribbon winner. • 1 1 •
satisfactory change. Bradshaw was
withdrawn and M. C. Delano of Rocklin
was chosen in his stead. Tho selection
meets with general approval, as Delano
is rated as having all the • qualifications
necessary to fill the bill, io known to be
honest and above reoroach. . •• *:;:•"
B. L. Hathaway of Vallejo htvs secured
the registration of a brindle and white
bitch by Winged Foot.' out of-Tipperary
Lass, a full -sister of Sacramento Boy.
The dam and her get were ruled off some
time back by the Interstate Coursing
Club. ;
Trainer Mulcaster has had his license re
newed on his promise to pay more atten
tion in future to hounds m his charge. "-'
A protest has been filed by B. Boles
worth against the running cf the hounds
Petronius, Password and Injury. Heclalms
to have a bill of sale of the hounds. J. R.-
Smith,- , in whose name the . : dogs have
been run, has been ordered to show cause.
The programme for tl*is week at Union
Coursing Park is . a "~ strong one. Twj
stakes wilLbe run. A 108 open event and
a puppy stake of 16 entries aro the feat
ures. •• . : . ¦
CALIFORNIANS
READY TO SAIL
THEIR YACHTS
Formal, Opening of the Season
Will Be Made With a Cruise
to Various Points on the Bay
The California Yacht Club, will formally
open the season of 1901 to-day at its quar
ters on Oakland Creek. For more than
a month past the yacht owriers^have been
busy overhauling their craft, repairing the
float and putting everything abou^ the
clubhouse into shipshape condition. At 8
this morning the gun for "colors" will
be fired,' at which signal- the. yachts will
"dress ship" and will remain "dressed" till
"colors" at sunset.
This evening a. jinks, for the members
only, will be held at the clubhouse, be
ginning at 8:30. Boats to take members
across the creek will ply at freauent in
tervals from 8«p. m. to midnight between
the landing stairs at the foot of Franklin
street and the clubhouse. Badges will be
issued to the members and must be worn
conspicuously during the evening. No pne
without a card, unless vouched for as a
niember, will be admitted to the boats or
the clubhouse.
The opening cruise In squadron will take
place to-morrow morning, a start being
made promptly at 10:30. If the breeze Is
light the fleet will be towed out of the
creek, cruise over to the water front of
San Francisco and proceed thence toward
Fort Point. If the breeze is favorable the
fleet will sail over to Sausalito, saluting
the San Francisco Yacht Club, and thence
to Tiburon, where the Corinthians will be
saluted. After that the yachts will sail
through Raccoon Straits and thence home
ward. • "
At the quarterly meeting of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club held in Oakland April 9
the action of the annual meeting In .with
drawing from the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association was confirmed and It was de
cided Jo incorporate the club. J. J. Sher
ry, ex-Commodore E. N. Walter and H.
Li. Martin were appointed a committee to
take the proper steps toward incorpora
tion. Seven new members were elected.
The - San Francisco Yacht Club is pre
paring a handsome souvenir programme
for opening day, and the entertainment
committee promises that the Jinks on the
evening of April 27 wrll be excellent. At
a meeting of ¦ the directors held on Wed
nesday evening nine new members were
elected. The committee appointed to pre
pare a set of racing rules for the club
consists of. W. G. Morrow, T. L. Hill and
J. R, Savory, and has devoted much pains
to ita task. The'racing rules of the San
Franciscos have been of an antiquated
style, but the new ones will incorporate
the rules of the New. York Yacht Club
and other associations of high standine
The Corinthian Yacht Club will; give'its
annual ladies" reception next Saturday
afternoon, April 20, at the clubhouse at
Tiburon. The directors will officiate as a
reception committee, and there . will be
music and dancing. The floor committee
consists of E. S. Emmons S. Anderson,
James Levensaler, R. H. - Morrow S M
Crim and E. J. Bowes. - V~*
CONDITION OF
BLUE AND GOLD
MEN NOT GOOD
Suffering From Injuries and Over
training — Rest From^Work Is
Remedy Prescribed by Coaches
BERKELEY. April 12.— Most of Call
fornia'6 track men have been resting sinca
Ihe university championship field day, or
doing very light work. Many of them were
in the first stages of stalcness and others
were at the point of feeling the effects of
too fine training at the time a halt In work
was declared.
There will be no more heavv practice
before the intereollepiate meet of April
20. Rest is needed by all the men and nec
essary to several who have been hurt on
the field. None of the injuries are expected
to keep the men out of the intercollegiate
field day, but anxiety among the athletes
is felt for several.
Sprinter Cadogan's thigh was strained
during the university championship meet.
It is feared that he has a split muscle.
The result of such an injury can hardly
be foretold. Sometimes it is serious and
sometimes not. With awiet and care Cad
ogan will probably be in good condition
by the time he is called upon to sprint for
California. ¦
Powell, hurdler and high jumper, has a
split muscle in his thish of three weeks'
standing. The injury r>t first was slight,
but he went into two field days since then
and now training is out of the question
with him. Fortunately it is a "sprinting"
muscle and not a "jumumg" muscle that
is split. In his events Powell needs his
"jumping" muscles most. Rest of a week
will probably build up die wasted tissue
to its normal state.
Brown and Townsend, who fell in the
220-yard dash two weeks ago. are recover
ing from their injuries. Squires, the 440
yard man, keeps in soo'l condition. Ser
vice, after his wonderful mile run, was
laid off a week. -,:.V
Plaw came out yesterday for the first
time. He whirls the hammer in his same
old style. Hoffman has commenced train
ing for the northern trip in the pole vault
and high jump. He has competed against
Stanford four times and by intercollegiate
agreement cannot enter again. This does
not, however, keep him from contesting
with the universities of Oregon and Wash
ington. His past work assures him a place
on the track team which will go north In
May.
Track Captain W*lsh is the hardest
working man in the California bunch. His
event, the mile walk, is no promenade
.when executed at hi3 pace, and Trainer
Christie is putting him through at a rapid
rate. /
Hamlln Is not In training; for the track,
but is giving his time to baseball. There
is a possibility that he may not enter the
high hurdles in the intercollegiate. Hur
dler Thomas of the dental college is domjr
his training* across *ha bay.
There will be very Ktile training next
¦week. Some of the men will do light
¦work until Wednesday and then all w'il
lay off to rest up for the Stanford-Califor
nia games.
The baseball men have been playing
throughout the week ard coachlnc up on
•weak points. At pract'ee the men show (
their usual form. There will be no change'
in the nine that meets Stanford to-morrov/
from the one that defeated the cardinal?
last Saturday.
ATHLETES AT
STANFORD ARE
HARD AT WORK
Changes in the Baseball Team
Bring Improvement Track
Men in a Tryout Competition
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 12.—
The athletes who will represent the car
dinal In the various intercollegiate events
have spent a busy week in rounding
themselves into final form. The baseball
men have been given the most careful
training by Dr. Murphy in order that
some of ' last Saturday's costly 1 errors
may riot be repeated in to-morrow's game
with Berkeley. ; The infield . will remain
without change, but the outfield ' will "be
shaken up considerably. Lowenthal at
left field will give place to Brown, who
was in right field, Bennett will go to right
field, while Symonds will remain in the
center garden. Parker will be in the box
for Stanford again, and it is expected that
his experience in last Saturday's game
will be of much value to him. The infield
has shown marked improvement this week
and should play its consistent game to
morrow.
The tryouts to decide upon the men who
will represent Stanford upon the track
were held last evening. They resulted as
follows:
120-yard hurdle— Naramore. '03, first by a
yard: Kuhn. '03. second. . Time, :17.
Mile run — Hamilton. '02, first by two yards;
Sprague, '04, second by thirty yards; Nangle,
'03. third. Time, 4:59.
440-yard dash— Dunn, '04, first by three yards;
Holman. '04, second by two yards; Blrtch, '01.
thl--d. Time. :55. .
100-yard dash — Hamilton, '04, first by a foot;
Lamb. '04, second by a yard; Bubbl '04, third.
Time. :10 2-5.
Half-mile run— Chadbourne.' '02, flr*t by ten
yards; Hawley. '03, second. Time, 2:07.
220-vard hurdle, first heat— Taylor. '04,' first
by fifteen yards; Kuhn. '03, second: time,
:2S 2-5. Second heat— Naramore, '13, first by
ten yards; Knight, second; time, :28.
220-j-ard dash— Lamb, '04, first by two yards;
Hamilton, '04, second by two yards; Bubb
•04 third. Time, :23 1-5.
The poor condition of the track, together
with a cold wind which blew across the
runners, prevented any good records be
ing made. -
The second intercollegiate game of the
series between the two colleges will be
called on the Stanford campus to-morrow
at 3 p. m. A special train will bring the
California people back to the city after
the glee club concert In the evening. .
HOME AND HOME
TOURNAMENT ON
OAKLAND LINKS
Local Golfers Considered Strong
Team but Contest Between
the Two Clubs Will Be Close
This afternoon the second half of the
home and home tournament between
teams of six men representing the Han
Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs will be
played on the Adams Point course. Tha
Oakland representatives will probably be
the same as on last Saturday, viz.: .W. P.
Johnson, E. R. Folger, F< S. Stratton. It.
M. Fitzgerald. C. P. Hubbard and Arthur
Goodall. Last Saturday the San Fran
cisco team placed 22 holes to Its credit,
but the lead may be a little reduced this
afternoon, as the Oaklanders will be on
their home links. But the silver trophy
to be taken by the team- winning two out
of three matches over thirty-six holes is
almost certain to become the property of
the San Francisco Golf Club, which won.
the first match. The San Francisco team
will be somewhat changed to-day. Lans
ing P. Kellogg, captain of the city club,
returned to San Francisco a few days ago
and will probably captain the team. It
is ' possible that John Lawaon may not
play, while H. D. Pillsbury will probably
be included in the team. H..B. Goodwin
has recovered from his recent indisposi
tion, but, having had no practice for sev
eral weeks, will not take part In to-day's
contest.
Ihe San Rafael Golf Club has no event
set down on Its schedule for to-day, but
next Saturday will hold a medal play
handicap over eighteen holes for men, to
begin at 2 p. m. Early In May a tourna
ment, open to men or women members of
any of the local golf clubs, will be played
on the San Rafael links.
The Oakland Golf Club is prospering
and may enlarge its clubhouse and change
its course, which at present has fourteen
holes, into a full elghteen-hole one.
The fair green of the Fort Baker course
is in tetter condition now. than ever be
forei but the clay putting greens still
leave much to be desired. An entertain
ment in aid of the building fund of the
Sausalito Golf Club will be given to-night
in the- main hall of the San - Francisco
Yacht Club house by the Albatross Club,
which is composed of officer a of the
United States Fish Commission's steamer
and their wives, assisted by several young
ladies of Sausalito: Several tableaux
vlvants and a dramatic piece will be pre
sented.
Some new ground rules are being rec
ommended for adoption by the San Fran
cisco Golf Club with reference to the
wood, the^c&rral and the telephone wires.
It ia proposed that a player whose ball
falls into the wood to the east of tho
course, instead of dropping his ball and
losing the distance, may play It out if
this- can be done. Also that any- ball
which on an approach shot hits a post or
wire on the fly may be played over again
without the loss of a stroke. That, !f the
telephone posts or wires are hit on going
to the second hole, the player may make
the stroke again without counting it; or,
if the ball lies so that he will break his
club if he plays It, he may move It away
and drop it without penalty. With regard
to the corral in front of the ninth, green,
it is suggested that the player should be
permitted either to play out or to lift the
ball, dropping it ten yard3 behind the
corral.
It is plain that certain details 6f the
formation of the Pacific Coast. Golf Asso
ciation which were not given to the local
press until April 5 were, divulged in some
quarters at an earlier date, as an Eastern
golf monthly contains a statement of its
formation in its April issue. The selec
tion of Hugh Tevis as president of the
new association is a good one, as he is an
enthusiastic golfer and a rich man,, who
Is largely Interested in both Central and
Southern California. Other clubs repre
sented . on the board of directors are the
Oakland and San Rafael Golf clubs, the
Country clubs of Pasadena and Los An
geles and the Riverside Polo and Golf
Club, with four seats on the board left
for the Pacific Northwestern Association.
The associate clubs, with full privileges,
will pay annual dues of $25, while the al
lied clubs, whose members may play in
tournaments, but who take no part In the
government of the association, pay $15 per
annum. Invitations have been Issued to
all the clubs within the district to join the
association, with the view of being quali
fied to enter members for the champion
ship competitions to be held during the
year. It is confidently hoped that - many
of the best golfers of Southern California
will visit San Francisco to take part In the
first men's championship, the railroad
companies havinc promised reduced rates
to all duly qualified members of the a3-
I 1 1 Inn iiilll'MHirilirwIMUJBMjflli
SPORTS: BASEBALL, COURSING, YACHTING, ATHLETICS, RACING, TENNIS, FISHING, GOLF AND BOXING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, S A TURD AY, APRIL 13, 1901:
4places — the right breast, chest and left
;lde. Zant was arrested on a charge of
in assault to commit murder! None of
¦lelmes' wounds are necessarily danger
)US.
A disagreement between two carpenters
aver their merits as workmen while en
gaged at the Chutes yesterday resulted
in a stabbing affair which sent one to
prison and the other to the Emergency
Hospital.
The men were T. JS. Znnt and John E.
Heimes. They had a fight and after being
separated by their fellow workmen
Heimes found he had been cut The in
iured man was sent to the Emergency
Hospital. He had been stabbed in thr^a
Warring Carpenters.
LOXDOX, April 12.—Harry Vardon met
James Braid to-day on the links at El
tham In a 36-hole match. Both played
brilliant golf and a splendid contest was
the result. At the end of the first round
Vardon had a one-bole lead, his scores
being 75 and 77. Vardon won the match
two up and one to play.
The second round was a tie, 74 to 74.
Both the players showed phenomenal
driving power, but Vardon was the most
accurate. He won by several sensational
' puts at critical stages of the contest
OLYMPIC CLUB HANDBALL
Owing to Illness in his family Thomas
Curley, who was Robert Bowman's part
ner in the doubles handball tournament
now coming to a close- at the Olympic
Club, was unable to play lact evening and
It devolved on his Dartner to either de
fault the game or play slngle-hande.i
against Powers and Green. He decided to
play it out alone and plucklly oitted his
skill against that of his two opponents.
Powers and Green, however, proved too
much for him. They defe?-ted Bowman by
a score of 51 to 32. Bowman made a erai
lant struggle, but the fifteen points handi
cap enjoyed by his opponents and their
cleverness was too much for him.
On Sunday afternoon Oreen and Powers
are to meet Jack Gleason and Louis Levy.
The winner of this game will be pitted
against Russ and Kennedy on Monday
night to play the deciding game of the
tournament. The teams that will play to
morrow met last week and Powers and
Green won their game by one point after
the severest handball game of the tourna
ment. Gold and silver medal3 will be pre
sented by the club to the.teams securing
first and second places.
HARRY VARDON PROVES
THE BETTER GOLFER
The first five shoots will be at fifteen plpeons
e.r.A on the sixth or final shoot members will
Fhoot at twenty-five, -leaking a total of 100
live pigeons per man dtfring the season.
All shooting- at live pigeons will be from the
thirty-yard mark; an arbitrary classification
of shooters will be made on or before the third
Fhoot of the reason.
Shooters will be divided Into three classes,
comprising- the championship, class A and
c!ass B, for which handsome gold medals -will
be awarded to the shooter with the greatest
total at the end of the season of 1901. Two
medals are offered In the championship class,
\ clued at $35 and $30 respectively. Two medals
ere offered in class A. valued at $30 and $23
respectively. One medal is offered in class B,
valued at $20.
Conditions for bluerock events are:
The programme arranged by trap shooting
committee consists of a regular club match
for season's medals at twenty-five birds, in
¦which the members are classified Into cham
pionship, class A and class B; classification to
be made after third monthly shoot; high guns
win In each class. Two medals are offered In
the championship class, valued at $25 and $20
j-espectively. Two medals are offered In class
A, valued at $20 and $15 respectively. One
i.'cdal in class B, valued at $.15.
Besides the club match there will be each
day three fifteen bird matches open to all.
The club will add $5 to the purse in each
event. * Entra.nct fee 50 cents, including oirds.
The club also offers a silver bar for every
ppore of fifteen consecutive breaks and a gold
bar for twenty-five consecutive breaks made
in any one match or practice shoot on any
club day. Above open to alL . --¦-' .-¦
Bluerocks will be trapped for Qlub match
to members at 1 cent; in all other matches and
practice shooters will be charged 2 cents.
On Sunday. April 14, the second club
shoot of the Empire Gun Club will be held
at Ingleside. The regular club programme,
as well as the Yellowstone and Schu
macher handicap trophy events, will be
carried out. A strong delegation of mem
bers is expected to participate in the club
programme, and the entries in the open
events, for the Yellowstone and Schu
macher trophies should -be exceptionally
heavy, because the prizes offered in these
events are of extraordinary value.
The Olympic Gun Club's programme for
the season at Ingleside will be given over
to live-bird shooting on the 'second Sun
day and bluerock shooting on the third
Sunday of eacn month, commencing April
M and ending September 15.
Conditions for the pigeon events are:
SEASON'S EVENTS
FOR TRAP-SHOOTERS
A few months ago all the prize-fight
promoting organizations were extremely
.-r.xious to take a fling at McGovern.
Then Jim Kennedy arrived upon the scene
and McGovern was given up as lost. Jim
Kennedy smiled serenely, and when all
other match-makers were burning wires
to head off the Terrible and switch him
on to their own tracks, he sat back in a
comfortable cafe chair, demolishing tar
tar steaks and making yellow Pilsener
look as if it never was. And he might
well Emile. Terry is for the Twentieth'
Century Club and none other.
The last day of this month McGovern
will fight with Oscar Gardner. Eastern
and Western men who have seen both
perform see but one man In the ring.
Gardner, who'is training at Alameda, is
training well and faithfully, and there is
just a chance that something might slip
in this contest. This tnay be Terry's Wa
terloo. •
But it is not the Gardner-McGovern
contest that In its very prospect sets the
\\ estern tongues on the wag. Erne-Mc-
Govern is the shibboleth, and we are very
likely to get it. Frank Erne says much
about returning home, yet he stays — very
much like the maid who would not b*e
kissed. Before any Erne-McGovern
match is consummated, the latter will be
in this city to nominate conditions. As
Terry will arrive some time next week,'
all further negotiations have been put off
until then.
Xed Homan and Alec Greggains. as di
rectors of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, realized early in the day that Mc-
Govern was bottled, so Homan will leave
for the hj&st this evening for heavy
weight game. He Is out for Fitzsimmons
.and Jeffries or a series of big cards.
George Green has come to life again.
He wants to put out Cribb and Thurs
ton In the same evening. Greggains
would like to match Thurston with Green
for good money.
Joe Bernstein and Solly Smith have been
matched to fight in Los Angeles in May.
WII Try to Match Fitzsimmons
With Jeffries— McGovern Will
Arrive Some Time Next Week
HOMAN ON THE
LOOKOUT FOR
HEAVYWEIGHTS
THE SAN FKAISCISCO^ CALL., SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
i ; Father Wyman ," Father ' Smith ' and
Father ' Moran : of . St. ! Mary's ; Church will
commence" a '- two : weeks' mission at 'the
Church ' of the ! Immaculate ConceDtion in
Oakland to-day. It Isexpected that the
mission .will be most sucessf ul.
Paulist Fathers' Mission.
The ,' Knights of Tara r will . hold . their
seventh annual picnic at Glenwood Park,
Santa; Cruz-, Mountains, to-morrow.",: The
excursion ".¦will - leave the !- narrow
gauge depot ' at i the ferry,- building at 9:15
Sunday - morning. • Tickets : : may 'be - pro
cured from 'any* of the following commit-
Knights of Tara Picnic.
Lieutenant McCornack, Ninth' Cavalry,
has been assigned to duty as quartermas
ter and acting commissary of subsistence
on the horse transport , Thyra during the '
voyage of that vessel.' to Manila. Captain
Guy G. Bailey, assistant surgeon; .has
been assigned to duty on the same vessel.
An order has been issued by President
McKirley directing that the prisoners j at
Alcatraz belonging' to volunteer, regiments
sentenced for minor offenses be released.
This is done to e'nable the. men to go
home wlth"their regiments.. The order
reads that the release shall take place on
the date on which 'the regiment to which
the . prisoner formerly belonged is mus
tered out. There are .about 250 > general
prisoners on the Island who will be affect
ed by the order.: -. . . - ..-••¦
They May Go Home With
Their Regiments.
TVTTT.TTABY PRISONERS
. AIL ALCATHAZ FREED
Volunteers Released in Order Tnat
Th« first drill of the British- American
v Rifle Corps was held last evening in Me
chanics' Pavilion ..in the presence of a
large crowd. The muster roll has already
been signed by eighty-two men. and can
didates for admission to the corps are
numerous. Previous to the drill, a busi
ness meeting was held, In which President
Dr. d'Evelyn of the staff board; Major C.
J. Fallon, senior officer; Captain M. C.
Seely, company commander; M. O. Nath
an, adjutant, and C. Peacock, first lieu
tenant, took part. It was decided to have
the corps take part In the parade in honor
of President McKinley when he visits this
city .next month. - ,
The corps will meet next Tuesday night
at 8 o'clock In Mechanics' . Pavilion for
drill, when khaki uniforms will be dis
tributed.
ISIiUtary Organization -Will Take Part
in Parade in Honor of President
McXinley.
NT5W KEFLE COBFS
MEETS. FOB DRILL
MEMPHIS, April 1Z— Summary:
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds— H.
L. Coleman won. The Esmond second, ¦ Miss
Blarney third. Time, :B7%.
One mile, selling— Hansford won. Kenova
Ftcond, Sir Gatian third. Time.-J:43%.
Seven furlongs. Cordova Hotel s Handicap—
RACING ON THREE OF
THE EASTERN TRACKS
Seven furlongs, ' maidens — Rough Rider -won,
Inniscara second. Street Boy third. Time,
1:30 2-5.
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Speedmas won,
Althea second. Alard third. Time, * VA7 1-5.
CINCINNATI, April 12.— Summary:
. Four furlongs — Janle Sea,y won, Paul Bart
second, Tom Crabb third. Time, :49. •
Five and a half . furlongs, selling— Rcltaire
¦won, Filibuster second, Orrle Goan third.
Time, 1:09." • ' ¦¦'¦¦-. i ¦¦
Six furlongs, selling — Golden Rattle won,
Pauline J second. Come Quick third. Time,
1:15. ¦; ¦ , .•¦:¦¦ ¦ - ¦ - - ¦ -•
• Six furlongs, selling— Rice won, Morris Vol
rer second,.- Charlie Daniels third.. Time,
l:Htt. • . -
¦ Mile and an eighth, selling— Little Sallie won,
J. H. Sloan second, Banquo II third. Time,
1-65U.'- . - ¦. .••
Six furlongs, selling— Lake Fonso won,'Have
lock second, Paschal third. Time, 1:15%.
. Seven furlongs, selling— Passalc won, Mon
mouth Boy second. Charles Estes third. Time.
1:29.
Six furlongs— The Rhymer -won, Robert Wad
dell second. Imperialist third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
Four furlongs, maiden two-year-olds— Astery
won. The Stewardess second, Maru ¦ third.
Time, :51. *
WASHINGTON, April 12.— Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, handicap— Moor
won, Lexington Pirate second. Prosit third.
Time, 1:03 3-5..
Mile and three-sixteenths— Tammany Chief
won, Domsie second, Albert Vale third. Time,
2:04%. • ¦
Six furlongs,- purse— Miss Bennett won. SI1
verdale second. Lady Strathmore third. Time
1.14%. •
Four furlongs, selling, two-year-olds — Red
Hook -won, Yana second. Winter Belle third.
Time, :51%.
Pevoy won, Alard Scheck • second. The Rush
third. Time, 1:28%. : ¦
Her young mistress asked her what
ailed her, and was told that she was suf
fering from a bad attack of toothache,
brought on by sitting in the park.
V An elaborate programme has been pre
pared for the entertainment, which will be
given at the Girls' High School by ' the
pupils next Friday afternoon for the ben
efit of the teachers' aiiiiuity fund. Pro
fessional, talent from the various theaters
has been secured and ihe scholars under
the direction of Mrs. Prag-, the founder of
the- Antl-Fjirting Society, are putting
forth an earnest effort to make the affair
a success. . •
Pupils "Will Aid Annuity Fund.
The entertainment given } last nig-ht at
the Richmond .Congregational Church was
well attended. Each .rjmber received lib
eral applause. The singing of the Rich
mond auartet was one of the features of
the . evening. ¦ Those -who participated
¦were: Fred Brock, Frank Beason. Louis
Naghel, Volney Winchell. Mrs. McClure,
Miss I. Munson. Charles Smith, Professor
Samuel Adelstein and Florence Boston.
Richmond Entertainment.
Jefferson Birthday Banquet.
Tjie Jefferson birthday banquet of the
Monticello Club, to be given to
risht at 7 p. m. in the marble room of
the Palace Hotel, promises to be -well at
tended. It is exclusively a membership
affair and more than 100 gentlemen have
agreed to attend. General Fitzhugh Lee
has been invited to be the guest of the
evening. ¦• All the arrangements have been
completed by a committee consisting of
President James P. Booth, Judge W. P.
Lawlor, Louis H. Mooser, Curtis Hillyer
and M. V. Samuels. S. Homer Henley
and the Monticello Club Quartet will sing.
The speakers and thfr toasts will be: ,
D. M. Delmas. "Thomas Jefferson" ; James
D. Phelan, "New San Francisco"; F. H. Gould,
"Jeffersonian Simplicity"; J. C. Sims, "Cali
fornia"; R. M. Fitzgerald. "State Democ
racy"; John McNaught. "Our Coming Suc
cess" ; Knox Maddox. "Yale Democracy" ; K.
K. Lane. "The Necessities of the Case"; Wash
ington Dodge, "Rod and Gun"; W. M. Cannon,
"The Iroquois"; S. V. Costello, "The Delayed!
Ermine"; K.' C. Rust,' "The Native Sons";
Jo Sproul. "On to^ Washington"; Curtis Hill
yer. "Kansas City Reminiscences"; Thomas'
Hlckey, "Jefferson's Humor."
HOTEL. AHP-IVAI-S.
PALACE HOTEL.
W J Smith, San Jose
P K Turner, Sacto
W F West & w, Cal
H B Warren, Fresno
H T White, San Jose
J D Cannon,' Salt Lake
C H Wilcken. Sit Lake
F J Cannon, Ojrdpn !
W F Lewis, Syracuse
H Cannon, Salt Lake
Mrs E Hardin, Portld
F A Kennedy, Portlnd
W L Hall & w. Troy
F S Streeter, N C - ,
A Higgins & w, Minn
R H Mabey & w, Minn
C-H Fairchild, Cal .
L H Corvano, Lima
A SteiBlltz,.N Y
J A Finn, N Y
J J Dooley, NY'
T J Herron, Los Ang
E T Churchill & w, Cal
Miss Churchill, Cal
W T West & w. Cal '
W G Fraser, Riverside
Mrs O Chytrausa, 111
Miss Hanyan, Chicago
C E Green, San Mateo
H W Patton, Everett
C P Morgan & w. Cal
C Durran& w. lioston
Mrs C M Miller, Bostn
W M Garland & w, Cal
J E Pitts, Clnn •
L R Wllfley, St 'Louis
J A Koenig, St Louis
Mrs J D Stimson, Cal
J F Williams & w, Cal
F B Harder & w. N Y
L M Harder, NY
P M Harder Jr. : N Y
E C Voorheis, Cal
Mrs W Beardsley, N Y
Miss L Beardsley, N Y
S Beardsley. N'Y
W Beardsley Jr, NY
M C'Barney," Boston
Mrs A Mer-shon. Mich
Miss Mershon, - Mich j
Miss J- O'Brien. Cal ¦
Mrs WWoroney, Cal'
F S Streeter & w. NH
Miss Streeter. N H ;..
Mrs M Rlchman, O ¦.'
G L Schetly, Cal
W R Bowne, U S N
S Langsf ord, NY
,W A Rubier &,w. Cal
C C Weller & w, Minn
G G ¦ Locke, Sacto 2
Mrs W Mase, Chicago
M E Reed & w, Wash
J G Redmond. Albany
E J Keller, Cal
W H Ryan,- NY
.W J Tucker &w,NH
Mrs M K Touslow. Pa
E B Hart, N Y
EIB Hart Jr. N Y
Miss A D Hart, .N Y
Mrs H S Morfitt, N Y
M Cheney, N Y
R S Sibley & w, N t Y
Mrs F H West. Minn
Miss C West. Minn'
D Sinclair & w, Minn
W Yalry, Sacto '
H A Everett & w, O
Miss Everett, Oh!o
T Smith, Vallejo
L Plant & w, N Y
Mrs E Wiley, Colo
Mrs L Gotwald. Ill
Miss S J King, 111
A Stewart & w. N Y
FM Parker, ' N Y
H Lowbridge, Ls Ang
C W • Sparr, • Helena -
L Derfus & w, Paris
J Betts. San Jose
T Bercker, Oakland
G T Stahley, Portland
A J Bugart, San Jose
P S Boltz, Sacto -
F E Bolden, Stockton
H L Corson, Los Ang
W S Carre, Oakland ¦
M Carter, Los Ang
L C Carr, Vallejo
T Foster. Oakland
R-H Fueston, Oakland
F E Fross, Los Ang
E • Furze, San Jose
T E Gay, Alameda
A O Harwood. Cal
H E Gause, L03 Ang
F L Grom. Loa Ang
W J HIckie, Los Ang ;
J W Kirk, Oakland
JI KiesteruLos Ang
W H Kirb*, Los Ang
T L Miller, Belvedere :
W McFern, Vallejo
W- L Morgan, Stockton
H P Maynard, Hanfrd
C Ruhl, Cal
L C Rice. Los Ang .
Mrs H A Martin, 111
J Goebel, Stanford • .
J B Ames & w, Boston
C Phillips, Chicago
J Ringham & w. Mass
A C Blngham, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
W F Sergant, Modesto
C Harris, Merced
H Thorp, Sacto
J Dwyer & w. Detroit
Miss Dwyer, Detroit
E Dwyer, Detroit
A Dwyer, ' Detroit
T Griffln, England
G R Hill. Mich
C W Rathboun, Lodl
RW Polndexter, L A
E D Mitchell. Tenn
0 Scribne.r, , Bakersfld
F S Palmer, Fresno
G ' S Waterman, Cal
E B Waterman. Cal
S Russell & w. Mo
E H Bair, , Milwaukee
C T B Jones, L Ang.
R C Hunter, Detroit '
G H.Bradt & w, Clnn
Dr Conn & w. Seattle
F Whitney. • Portland
H O Elwell,' - Spokane
R A VThlting," Seattle "
AW Evans, L Ang ,
C Coy. Los Ang
H Anthony. Canton -
W . H Mason, Mich
R L Tall. L Ang
S P . Large. - Denver ,
1 N Large, Denver .
J A Turner. 1 S Cruz '
J C Kpnnedy, N Y
H W Curtis/ Victoria '
S Manchester, S Barb
B C Creelman, Colo
J M Miller, Nebr
Mrs Woodward, Cal j ¦
E Stetson & ,w. Mass
Miss Boston, S Cruz :
Miss B Boston, S Cruz
R Mabey & w, Minn .
A Higglns & w, Minn
C A Rand. Tuba * '
T Earley. Pasadena "
E ' Blttman, Riverside
J Rush & w. R Vista
G Sysbaugh & w, LA
G A Wright. Alameda
Miss Stohle,' Salt Lake
Miss Deull. Salt Lake
J I> Smith. I Reedwood
H. S Krelden, Iowa '
H Snltzel, L Ang -
W F Parker. L Ang'.
H Klinkerf uss, Chgo .
H Mitchell.' Newcastle
(5 Mitchell. Auburn
Dr Thomson, Cal
J F Flnlen. Butte "
F M ¦ Sanger. NY
I Hutchinson. ¦ Chicago
W J-Pevans. N Y
.ID Hall. Redlands -
P E Holt. Stockton
C Conardon. . Mariposa-
J Doldmann. Merced
J Whittler & w,.-B C
D Moore. • B C . ; >
NEW" WESTERN- HOTEL.
C Carson, Cal
M • Markham, Cal
J Smith, ; S - Diego
T Markham, Cal
Mrs H- Noble. Minn
T Marshall. Delano
H Cocklenn. N Orleans
T J-Maloney. Arizona
H * Aston, ¦ Arizona " .
T-.W Foucks/ N;J .', -;
I ' W Kerker, Iowa -
t Mulroy. Ingleslde .
T Dean & vr. Ill ..
A. C Jullison. ffacoma-
T .T Walker. &F-w.- Cal
T- J Cranls,' Arizona •
V ¦ Tlhbett. Bakersfleld
C E Eastlchlng, La
J Grlffln, Oregon
W G Armour, B C
THE . entries for* 1 " the fourteenth
semi-annual field day of the Aca
demic [Athletic League, which will
' be held this afternoon on the cin
der path at Berkeley, are ¦ mor.-»
numerous than ever before in. the history
of the league.'. Because of the numerous
entries and that not a single contestant is
certain of /winning his event, the field day
should furnish* 'excellent sport. .'Many,
dark horses of mythical records are sched
uled to compete and many surprises are
anticipated.:- ;¦ < ¦¦ ~
Between the Oakland and the Ukiah
High. Schools : in all probability lies the
fight for first place: ":In the last contest
the former school won, but It is conceded
that to-day she will be deprived of many
The parishioners of Sacred Heart
Church will hold their annual reunion
and picnic at Sunset Park, in the Santa
Cruz Mountains on May i. The committee
of arrangements f is composed of Mark
Meherin, Hugh Keenan, Harry I. MuU
crevy. Phlljp Lawldr, Captain I. 15. Dwyer
and Daniel Sullivan.
tee of arrangements: Frank Conklln, O.
B. O'Reilley, C. Rodders. J. Sheanon. J..
Burns, J. H. Hession, Edward Noonan,
W.'J. Collins. M. J. Hession, T. Watson,
M. J. Connolly.. ¦ ¦ ¦
In the sprints Oakland will pin her faith
to La Valllere, Westdahl and Wilcox. In
the absence of Partin the shot-put should
be won by Rose, the lanky giant from
Healdsburg 1 , and the contest for first place
In the high Jump between Bell of that
school and Hicfcey of the Berkeley High
should furnish a close fight. Bell Is also
scheduled to win points both in the pole
vault and 'in the broad jump. In the latter
event the first honors- lie between "Vos
burg of the Lowell High School. Bell o*
Healdsburg and Bowles of Petaluma
High. The struggle for first place in the
half-mile between Westdahl and Healy of
the Petaluma may, if the sprinters are in
good form, furnish a record breaking con
test. Both are speedy men and Oakland
is determined to fight for every possib'e
point.
San Jose High School has entered a
team for the first time and several sur
prises are looked . for In this quarter, a,-
the athletes from the Garden City are im
ported to have acquitted themselves very
well in practice. The contestants will t»e
cheered on | by the St. Matthew's School
band. .
points that fell to her lot last year. The
speedy Lowell sprinters, Turpin and Vo*
burg, will steal Oakland points. To off
set this Ukiah has lost her record break
ing shot-putter, Partin, who holds the rec
ord of the leagrue. For the athletes from
Mendocino, Weller in the hurdles, Thomp
son and "Wycoff in the sprints and dis
tances, Seawell In the pole vault and
Brown in the weights, are depended upon
to secure the majority of points. Thomp •
son and Weller are reported to be running
in great form.
Oakland has entered ¦ practically the
same team as that of last year.
TANFORAJT PARK— Friday, April 12,
190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
22S4. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three
yea'r-olds; purse. $350.:
Index, Horse, »TVt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2235)Ada X, 103 Dominick 2 2 % 1 4 ¦ 1 1
(2244)Bernota, 109 Ransch 1 4^22 26
(2207)Toah, 104 .O'Connor 5 6 ' 3 2 3*^4
1801 Byron Rose, 105.. ..Prior 3 1 >£ 5 2 4 3
22S0 Tenny Belle. 102. Math ws 6 5h 4h 5 5
2207 Scalawag-. 109.!.. Mounce 4 3 16 6
Time— M, :24%; >4, :47%; ?;, 1:13%. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner, C. L.
Jones' b. f. by Herald-Santa Rosa. Ada N
carried the smart money, Bernota ran a cork
ing race. The performance of Toah was far
flat of the mark. Byron Rose will do among
lesser lights. Scratched— Seide 112.
Betting— Ada N, 13-3; Bernota, €; Toah. 7-10;
Byron Rose. 500; Tenny Belle, -0; Scalawag, 30.
1KJS5. SECOND 'RACE— Four furlongs; sell
ing; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str! '. Fin.
22S9 Porous, 108 Mounce 13 2 ...12
2287 You You, .105:... Murphy 4 7 3 ... 2 ns
2177 Quadra, 105 Gonley 3 2n ... 3 2
2239 Remele, 103 Flynn 5 6 h ... 4h
2237 Frank Bain; 108..Domnk 6 11 ... 5 2
2154 Flattered, 105 ....Ransch 9 9 5 ... 6 3
2239 Priam, 105 ....Kelly 2 4n ... 71,
21S9 Highwayman, 108..Logue 7 8 4 ... 8 2
2237 Tibs, 107 ... ..Russellll 11 ... 9 3
2201 Dandy, 108 Thorpe 8 10 2 ... 10 2
2154 Prestonian, 105 ..HazardlO 5 2 ... 11 3
1853 Torila, 105 1 Tamplinl2 12 ... 12-
Time— Vt, :24%; i.J, :49'4. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, L.
A. Blaslngame's b. c. by Wernberg-Chevy
Chase. Porous . had been doing well In his
work. You You away none too well. Conley
on Quadra threw the place away. I Others be
low par. - - . ' " .
Betting— Porous, 7-2; You -You, 8; Quadra,
16-5; Remele, 60; Frank Bain, 5; Flattered, 15;
Priam, 30; Highwayman, 50; Tibs, 60; Dandy,
8; Prestonian, 30; Torila, 50.
2286. THIRD RACE— One mile, selling;
four-year-olds .. and up; purse, $400. /
Index, Horse. Wt,'. Jockey. St. *A Str. Fin.
2234 First Call, 6, 107.. O - Con 5 4 1 In 12
227G Canejo, 4, 107..:. Mounce 2 3 h 2 1 2 3
2230 Midian, 6, lC7....Hafley 8 52 42 3 4
2180 M. Eagle. 4, 107.. Ransch 4 2 1, 3 2 4 5
2156 Barney F, 4, 107..Conley 1 1 n C 1 5 1/
2277 Romany, 5, 107 Flynn 7 6 5 6 5 6 5'
2234 M. Kinsella, 6. 107.. Dom 3 7.2 7 10 7 15
2142 Antioch, 5, 107 '.See 6 8 8,8
Time-U. :26; %. :50; %, 1:16%; mile, 1:43%.
Good start. AVon easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. Coffey's b. h. by Imp.
Order-Ranette. Cut oft! on .far turn. First Call
rolled In. Midian propped at the start. Eagle
quit. Barney F had speed for nearly six fur
longs. Conley rode him poorly at that.
Scratched— Senator Matts 107.
Betting— First Call, 6-5; Canejo. 7; Midian,
S; Mont Eagle, 6; Barney F. 4; Romany, 100;
Mary Kinsella, 10; Antioch, 40. - .
22S7. FOURTH RACE— One mile; spiling;
f cur-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2277 Alaska, 6, 105.... Mounce 2 5% 12 11
(2252)Parmenion, 4. lOS.O'Con 1 3 h 4 2 2 n
2274 Urchin. 4, 108.... Ransch 3 2 2 Z,M 3 3
2234 Royal Prize. 6, 112... See 7 7 6 10 4 h
2240 March Seven, 4, 106.Cnly 5 6 2 5 n 5 2
C24O The Singer. 4. 103.. Dom 4 1 1 2h 6 20
2252 Brenhilda, 5, 110.. Thorpe 6 4 h 7 .7 :
Tlme-U, :26; %. :50y 4 ; %, 1:16%: mile, 1:42%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
nri-ving. Winner, J. S. Gibson's ch. g. by Fel
lcwcharm-Sister to Ruth Ryan. Winner well
handled and best. Too far for Parmenion.
"Urchin ran a fair race. Singer, quit. ; Bren-'
hllda very cranky at the post. Scratched—
Morelia 106, Estro 105, Lizzella 110. ;- •,.
Betting— Alaska, 2; Parmenion. 2: Urchin. 8;
Royal Prize. 15; March Seven, 30; The Singer,
E: Brenhilda, 12. -_..,-.
228S. FIFTH RACE— Mile and an. rijjhth;
selling; four- year-olds and up; purse,' $100.
Ir.dex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
(2264) Sc. Plaid, 6. 108. Ransch 4 11 11 12
2264 Gauntlet, 5. 109.O'Connr 1 4 2 2 3.21
(2268)Twinkler, 6, 105..Weddsd 7 6131 36
2264 Dr. Bernays, 6, 104.Mnce 2 7 5 6 4 1
22S2 Lavator. 5. 104 See 6 3h 4 2 5 6
2143 The Bobby, 4. 104.. Dom 3 5 1 7 63 •
22S2 Rio Chico. 5, 102. Murphy 5 2 % - 6 6 7
Tirae-%, :13; %. :25; %, :50^; %, 1:15; , mile,
1:41; l%m, 1:55. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, Burns &
WaterhdTise's b. g. by Imp. Midlothian-Mottle.
Plaid made the running and is right on edge.
Dr. Bernays lacked speed ' from the lump.
Lavator cut off and bothered on the back
stretch. Chlco stopped suddenly. * Scratched—
Goldone 105, • Kcenlg 100. Lena ,106, -Phoenissa
104. Rey del Bandidos 100.
. Betting— Scotch Plaid, 16-5; Gauntlet, 7-2;
Twinkler. 8; \ Dr. Bernays, 9-5; Lavator, 15;
The Bobby, 15; Rio Chlco, 60.
22SO. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: four
year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockeyt St. %." Str. Fin.
2234 Merops, 4, 107.Bassinger 6 In 1213"
2268 Florabird. 4, 107..Howell 4 2 n 2 2 2 1
2268 Fau»ett&, 6, 107..Alexdr 3 7^31 35
2250 Rapldo. a, 107...McBride 7 5 1 6 1 4 1
2200 Mead. Lark, a, 107.0'Cn 8 6 2 4 3 5 5
2230 Whaleback. 5, 107.Thorp 5 8^64 6 h
2268 Will Fay. 4, 107.Matthws 2 3 h -7 % 7'
2262 The Monk, 4, 107... Dom 19 8 8
2096 Jennie Reid. 5, 107.Wedd 9 4 h 9. 9
Time— M. % :26%. : %, :51%; %, 1:17; mile. 1:43%.
Good start. Won all out. Second and third
drivlnsr. Wlr.ner, George Miller's ch. g. by.
imp. Brutus-Mlrope. Merops had only a cheap
batch to beat. Florabird ran his race. Meadow
Lark no account. Will Fay quit early.
Betting— rMerops, 5-2; Florabird. 5; Paunette,
8: Rapldo, 60; Meadow Lark, 6; Whaleback 20;
Will Fay. 7; The Monk, 5; Jennie Reid, 12.
Barbara.
The Xatlve Sons of the Golden "West
ate making active preparations for the
session of the Grand Parlor, which will
convene in Santa Barbara on the 22d Inst.
and continue until the 27th. The committee
on transportation has secured a one-third
rate for all who will leave San Francisco
and Salinas on the 21st by special train.
On the 2Oth the delegates who are in San
Francisco will be entertained by the Past
Presidents' Association with a high jinks
in California Hall.
The event of the session will be the
election of officers. Judge R. C. Rust will
become past grand president, F. L..
Coombs will be advanced to the office of
grand president, L. F. Byington to grand
vice president, H. McNoble to grand sec
ond vice president. Henry Xamstedt will
be a candidate for re-election as grand
secretary and as no one has up to date
been mentioned it^is likely that the par
lors are satisfied to continue him in office
In appreciation of past services. Henry
S. Martin will be contiued in the office of
grand treasurer without apposition.
. The position o» grand marshal will go
to the locality in which the next Admis
sion day celebration will be held- Judge
Charles McLaughlin.oi Plumas and Judg9
M. T. Dooling of Hollister are named as
candidates for the office of grand orator.
Joseph Goldman is the only one named
so far for the office of grand outside sen
tinel. Quite a number want to be grand
inside sentinel, among them being John
Porcher of Mission Parlor, Emmett J.
Hayden of San Rafael. R. W. Bernstein
of Santa Rosa, J. S. Willlams~of San Jose
and A. r>. Barham of Los Angeles. The
parlor in Santa Barbara intended to pre
sent a candidate for grand trustee, but
E. M. Burke, who had been selected, de
clined to run, saying that his parlor had
honor enough as entertainer of the Grand
Parlor.
The candidates for grand trusteeship
are: J. L. Gallagher, TV.. D. Shea, Percy
V. Long of San Francisco, J. R. Know
land of Alameda, George G. Radcllff of
Watsonvllle, George L. Jones of Grass
Valley, Steve V. Costello, Charles Box
ton, T. H. Nelson and T. C. Curran of San
Francisco.
NATIVE SONS BEADY
FOB THE TBIP SOTJTH
Candidates Who May Be Honored by
the Grand Parlor at Santa
SIX PRETTY STARTS
MADE BY HOLTMAN
Sixth race — One - mile; three-year-old colts
and greldings; selling. - <sssss5
2269 Satin Coat 107 2252 Tristram' ......107
2282 Thornwlld 107 2282 Fondo 107
2272 Dance Along. . .107 2269 David S 107
2272 Cambaceres ...107 (2272)G«orgre Dewey.107
Probable "Winners.
First race— Nullah, Saintly, Mike Strauss.
Second race— Precursor, Josephine B, Xilcar.
Third race — May Boy, Ferlwlr. ; Lord Chester
field. -.
Fourth race— Brunswick, Corrigan, Sol LJch
tensteln. . "
Fifth race— Kenilworth.
Sixth race — Satin Coat, Thornwlld, Fondo. .-¦'¦
Fifth race— Six furlongs; special ; purse, $750.
(2231)Kenllworth ....1171 (2245)Articulate 117
Fourth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Great Trial stakes. T\- ,, '
2249 Jarretiere d'Or.115] 2255 Barklyite HO
2273 Achilles .: 113 2255 Royalty ...117
2256 Doreen 117 2243 J. V. Klrby 115
2273 Flora Pomona.121 (2065)Sister Jeanie...l20
2064 Prestano .110 2267 Minerva .......105
(2255)CorrIgan 123 (2273) Brunswick 11*
(2267)Divlna 115 2201 Quiet 110
2237 Phyllis 105 2119 Maraschino 118
22E6 Ishtar 10C(I907)Sol LdchtensteinllS
Third race— Steeplechase handicap; short
course; about two miles.
2257 Periwig 155 2237 May Boy 130
(1124)VIkinff 135 2257 Ld. ChesterfleldlSO
2257 Mestor 130 2250 Chas. Le Bel. .ISO
2136 The Callfornlanl27
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. *, -j'
2211 Saintly Ill 2240 Pilot 10S
220S Buck Taylor ..108 2226 The Benedict...108
2217 Mike StrauEs...lO8 216S Aluminum .111
(2194) Alary's Garter. 106 2277 Glissando 10S
(2158)Vantlne 100 2197 Nullah 106
2206Tizona 108 2218 Decoy 10S
Second race —One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
2016 Hohenlohe 115 2X6S Josephine B.... 130
2277Nilgar ....112 2193 Spike 108
2274 Alicia 110 22S2 Maydlne 106
2274 Moringa 11T 2283 Precursor ..115
2222 Jim McCleevy..H5l
The Great Trial stakes will be run to
day.
Arthur McKnight, the assistant of Jake
Hcltman, is considered the finest in his
line.
Mounce was there with two winning
mounts.
The control of Tanforan and Ingleside
tracks will pass into the hands of Thomas
H. Williams Jr. and his associates next
Wednesday cr Thursday. The necessary
papers transferring the big properties
have already been drawn up by the attor
neys representing all parties interested,
and the first payment of $200,000 will be
made on Thursday, the day the option ex
pires. The stockholders of the San Fran
cisco and Pacific Coast Jockey clubs will
meet next Wednesday afternoon - at - 2
o'clock in parlor.A of the Palace Hotel to
close up the affairs of the associations
and place them in shape for the transfer
to Mr. Williams.
The California Jockey Club will not take
possession of Tanforan until Saturday,
April 20, and will then race for seven days,
when the scene of operations will be
shifted to Oakland.
. Milton S. Latham has resigned as sec
retary of the San Francisco Jockey Club
and Alfred Bouvier Aas been appointed to
succeed him. H. C. Wyman has been ap
pointed assistant secretary.
Track Notes.
JAKE HOLTMAN, who made his
.California debut at Oakland track
during the recent turf unpleasant
ness, replaced Starter Dick Dwyer
at Tanforan yesterday. Dwyer left
for Chicago in the forenoon and he will
flash the red bunting there on the opening
day. at the Lakeside track. : The Tanforan
management would not listen to ( the use'
of the recall flag, so Holtman,' much
against his wishes, "went It their way."
The starts were ' punctual and clean cut,
his Oakland successes being again re
peated. -
Six difficult betting problems confronted
the talent, of which number it (solved but
three with any very satisfactory pecuni
ary results. " The fields were several de
grees below stake quality, though supply
ing some very fair sport.
Pat Dunne's gelding, Toah, a 7 to 10 fa
vorite for the opening six funong sprint,
made a most indifferent showing. Never
at any part of it did he display much
speed, finishing third. Ada N, ridden by
Ijominick, early took the lead, and, ridden
out, beat Bernota a length. Byron Kose,
a 5uC to 1 shot, had considerable speed.
A band of twelve very ordinary young
sters started in the maiden two-year-oid
scramble, with Quadra, the Jennings en
try, closing a slight favorite over Pcrous.
Owen Mounce had the leg on the latter
colt, and showing first in the' stretch won
easily." R. -Murpny sneaked. up on the In
side with Tou lou, an 8 to 1 criance, steal
ing the place from Quadra.
i'irst Call, the crippled imp. Order horse
frcm Jimmy Coffey's barn, defeated the
ragged collection - of platers in the first
mne selling affair like breaking sticks.
Backed down to 6 to 5 favoritism, he was
cut off on the backstretch, and then came
in, eased up, before Canejo and Midian.
The latter horse propped as the barrier
went up, losing several lengths.' -
111 fortune again tacked on to Par
menion, for, after practically closing fa
vorite in the betting on the second mile
run, he was defeated somewhat handily
by Alaska. Mounce • rode the latter, and
waiting to the stretch turn, there made
his move and led Parmenion out a length.
Urchin at 7 to 1 finished third.
P.ecause it was generally supposed Dr.
Bernays was a bit short last time out,
Fisher's horse was made favorite for the
mile and a furlong run, decided under
selling conditions. Despite all of Mounce's
urging the Doctor could not untrack him
self, finishing a poor fourth. Four to one
could be had about Scotch Plaid, and rid
den by J. Ransch. the Burns & Water
house entry was never headed. Gauntlet
ran second, a lengrtSi before Twinkler.
Merops finally won another purse. Re
ceding in the betting on the concluding
mile run from 8 to 5 to 5 to 2, he shaped
out all the running, and with little to
spare at the wire disposed of Floribird by
three lengths. . ,
Three Favorites Gather In Purses at Tanforan.
• Toah Made a Disappointing Showing, v
By F. E. Mulholland.
Thirteen innings of baseball; "like moth
er used to make," was dished up yesterr
day for 500 diamond gourmands at Recrea
tion grounds. The Angels were 'the
guests and they violated every right and
privilege of social gustatory etiquette by
subjecting their hosts to a humiliation
which subsequent blood-letting can alone
atone. "When the last course was served
the local entertainers were put under the 1
table and the orchestra play_ed bell, music
which , sounded 7 — 6. a new sort of tune
for the sacred- local nine to dance to.
The orangemen seem to have extra in
nings in their inside pockets. "With them
It Is not sporadic, but epidemic.
During those long thirteen innings It
was all earnest baseball— all but ' once,
when voiceful Mr. Johnson forgot himself
In a revelry of lung execution. The
blatant outpourings of - the - Southerner
jarred on Umpire O'Connell's nerves and
"Youngey" went out of the game long be
fore the fruits of victory were gatnered.
"Fireman" Fitzpatrick lost the game for
San Francisco and Jimmie Whalen saved
the nine from a .crushing defeat. ; Fitz
patrick stood on the slab in the first in
ning, and after he had'-- presented the : or
ange growers with three strolls to first,
five, swats and as many runs, his most
ardent admirer was willing to lay him on
a colder slab and forget his few past deeds
of goodness.- He was compelled to sun
himself on the bench. throughout the rest
of the long game and bemoan his fate,
'while his side partner Whalen strove hard
in the box to prevent inevitable defeat. -
It was a game that will go down in" the
annals of local baseball history — thirteen
innings of heartthrobs for the spectators .
and anxiety, for every player on the field.
The isolated rooter lost his voice, Captain
Hutchinson frequently his temper and the
management many nice new .balls ¦ valued
at $1 25 apiece. -" ...
After Los Angeles had scored five tal
lies'in the first, the local team held the
visitors down until the seventh. In the
interim Uncle Hank's own rolled up four
runs. The Orange Blossoms gathered an
other petal in the . seventh and Uncle
Henry, managed to even the score, in the
ninth, necessitating the- extra innings.
Then Los Angeles worked like beavers,
but through the splendid. pitching of Wha
len were unable to make the deciding run
until the thirteenth, when BrockhofJ sin
gled to right and Bowman scurried home.
It was a veritable pitcher's battle, .with
honors on Whalen's , brow. ] Hale worked
hard and showed -himself a capable twir
ler, but the freckle-faced youth who occu
pied the box for the local aggregation was
even cooler and headier. "With victory in
their grasp a half dozen times, San Fran
cisco was unable -to seize it. Luck and
clever fielding on the part of the men
from the land of sunshine and .flowers
were agajnst them.
Kelly accepted thirteen chances and
never made • a miss. His fielding and
throwing to bases was brilliant. Bowman
nailed some difficult ones and "Hank"
Spies of the "old world',' was by no means
dead. ¦ .
Hildebrand contributed a circus catch
and two runs? Pabst was asleep at the
switch at one stage of the game and al
lowed Krug to handle a ball that was in
the center fielder's garden, costing his
team a run. • •
Captain Hutchinson filed a protest with
Scorer McFarlln that ne will not press.
He is of the opinion that to call a man
out on an infield fly, both first and sec
ond base must be occupied. • Umpire
O'Connell thought differently and ruled
that Hale was out on a pop fly dropped
in front- of the plate by Graham -when
Bowman was on .first. . The detailed ac
count of the game will be found in the
following score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, cf.. 4 2 1 0 3 1.0
Schwartz, rf.... 6 1 1 . 0. 0 0 .0
Krug, 2b.. 5 0 0 18 5 '1
Holland, if. ....6 0 1 0 3 0 1
Pabst, lb 5 2 2 * 13 2 0
Graham, c 2 1 1 0 8 1 1
ReiUy, s.a 5 0 1 0 1 4' 1
Nordyke, 3b.. ...5. 0 0 0 1' 1 0
Fitzpatrick, p 00 0 00 10
Whalen, p 3 0 1 0 -.0 3 0
Totals .41 6 8 1 "37 18 4
•One man out when, winning run was made.''
LOS ANGELES. ! • ; ", , '• /"
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A.' E.
Brockhoff, 2b 6 0 2 116 1
Hutchinson, lb... 3 1.0 1 20 1 0
Householder, cf 6 12 0 4 0 1
Spies, c 5 2 0 0 6 2 1
C. Rellly, 3b 5 0 10.1 6 2
Kelly, s.s 7 1 2 0 4 9 0
Swindells, rf 7 1 3 0 0-0 0
Bowman, If 5, 1 3 3 31 0 1
Hale, p 6 0 ,1 0-0/3,0
Totals ............49 7. 14 5 . 39 26 . 6-
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,
San Francisco ..0 100120110000—6
Base hits .—0 10 0.2 20010200- 8.
Los Angeles '. ......5 00000100000 1—7
Base hits.. ....5 00201110111 1-14
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— "Whalen 1, Fitzpatrick
5 Hale 3. Tliree-bas.e hit— Schwartz. Two-,
base hits— Bowman 2, Pabst 1. ' Sacrifice hits—
"Josh" ReiUy. Pabst, Graham, C. Rellly.
First base on errors — San Francisco 2, -Los
Angeles 3. First base on called- balls— San.
Francisco 6, Los Angeles 13. Left on bases-
San Francisco 7, Los Angeles 17. Struck out-
By Fitzpatrick 1, Whalen 5, Hale 4, Hit by
Pitcher— C Reilly, Hildebrand. Double plays-
Krug to Pabst, Kelly to Hutchinson. . Kelly to
Hutchinson to Spies. Passed ball— Graham
Wild Pitch-Hale. Balk-Hale. Time of game
—2 hours and 45 minutes. Umpire— O Connell.
Official scorer-H. S. McFarlln.
' OAKLAND WINS AGAIN.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— Oakland beat
Sacramento in a slow game to-day. The
home team experimented -by giving Bul
ger a trial in the box and paid for the ex
perience. He was seized with stag© fright
and in the second Inning went into the air
and . remained there until relieved .by
Stricklett. . Donohue gave a Tank exhibi
tion of umpiring, but. distributed his fa
vors to both teams. Score: ¦ •¦•< ;
SACRAMENTO.'
. . • -J " AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss........ 3 0 1 0, ,0 2 : 0
McGucken, ct * 0 0 0- 2 0 0
Courtney, 2b.....:.... 3 0 10-3 1 0
Hanlon, lb 3 10 1 9 0 0
McLaughlin, cf...... 4 0 10 2 0.- 0
Doyle, rf :........ 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Sheehan. 3b. ••••2 1 0 0 10 0
Stanley, c............. 3 y 1.. 0 0 7 0. 0
Bulger p............. I/O 0 00 3 0
Stricklett, P ....2 0 1 0 0 1 , 0
Totals .49 3 .4 1 24 7 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A*. E.
Drennan, cf.......... * 0-2 22 0 0
Franks, ss... ....... --4 1 1 0 3 :4"..-0
Arrellanes, 2b .5 1 1 0 2 1.0
Strelb, lb.. ........... 3 1 1 19 0 0
Babbitt. 3b. 2 1 .0 0 1. 2 0
Held, If ; 4 11 0 20,0
Borchers, p...'. •--"* '0 1.0 020
Lohman, c ....2 0 0 0 7 1 0
Russell, rf.. .....2 1 0 0 1 J 0 •;* 0
Totals ..........••.•30 6 7 3. 27 10 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland '...........-•....•2 0 4 0 0 000 •-—6
Base hits .........2 0 111 011 •— 7
Sacramento .....0 1 0.0 2 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 000010021—4
- SUMMARY.
Runs " responsible for — Borchers . 3, Bulger 6.'
Home run— Arrellanes. ¦ Two-base hits. Streib,
Stricklett Sacrifice hit— Lohman. First on
balls— Borchers . 5, - Bulger 5, Stricklett . 1. « Left
on bases— Oakland , 10, Sacramento 7> Struck
out — Borchers 6, Bulger 2, ¦ Strickett 4. " Hit by
pitcher — Franks. Streib, - Russell. Devereaux,.
Courtney. ' Stanley. Passed ball— Stanley. Wild
pitches— Bulger 5. Stricklett 1. Time, 2:05. Um
pire—Donahue. Official scorer— E. C. Ruther
ford.' ..v, ¦;...• -.-;; -. /; . •¦ ' •
San Francisco 6, Los Ang-eles 7.
Thirteen Innings Played Before
* the Rival leaders Could Come
to* a Decisive Understanding
WASPS LOSE A
SENSATIONAL
BALL GAME
to victor;-.
Jockey Bennett defeated Joe Hill in twc
rojunds after some fast milling. Then Ja
son McNelll secured a decision over E. M.
Edwards after four rounds of heavy glove
work. , Jim Griffin took Tom Maguire's
measure In four rounds and Blllv McDon
ald, the terror of .the South Side. enue»l
the aspirations of Ed Jones in half a.
round. Young Moffatt defeated Jack Ev
ans In four very "hot rounds. Both lad*
were groggy every round of the go. bu:
neither possessed sufficient strength or
science to end hostilities. Moffatt was
given a decision. Pete Coleman twa*
awarded a doubtful victory over Ted
Wolff at the conclusion of their four
round bout. Coleman, or XIasree, as he is
sometimes called, fought foully and ¦was
hissed by the spectators. He butted "Wolff
and roughed it all the way. Mike Curta>T
was to have boxed with Reddy Kelly, but
was too sick to fulfill his contract. Gu?
Saulsbury outpointed Eugene Grossman of
San Rafael. Grossman is the oddest loo<
ing pugilist that ever entered a rine. He
bunched his muscles, hopped around as if
he had wooden legs and made "googoo"
eyes at his opponent. He also had-ian as
sortment of punches which he ui\hlnged
at every opportunity. He was very awii
ward in his movements and Droved aa
easy victim for Saulsbury.
There was some very lively fighting In
the gymnasium of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club last night. More than a thou
sand patrons of tne fistic game crowded
the hall and cheered the contestants on
San Francisco Athletic Club Gives
a Fistic Entertainment Wfiich
Is Productive of Enthusiasm
LIVELY FOUR
ROUND BOUTS
BY AMATEURS
Semi-Annual Contests in Which the Leading
High Schools of the State Will Compete.
ACADEMIC ATHLETES
ON TRACK AND FIELD
CALL'S -RACING FORM CHART
TRACK CAPTAIN THOMSON OF
THE UKIAH HIGH SCHOOL
¦ TEAM.
5
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness-
is perfect cleanliness.
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
•ell it, especially druggists.
3OOO OOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO OOOC
OOOO OOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO OOOO
OOOO OOOOOOO ¦>«__i aan __ B ai aBnBaaB a MB a a OOOOOOO OOOO
oooo ooooooo • . ooooooo oooc
ooooooooooo An OaKIand Woman Goes East to Sell the ooooooo l°t°
ooSo oSooSSo- Sword o! Washington to Raise a ooooooo 1 SoSo :
OOOOOOOOOOO T»/»w*w» f/w Hm> TW f«Vif ,.». OOOOOOO OOOO
ooooooooooo . Dowry lor ncr uavgnicr. ,. ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo . . ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo • —~—^^^~" ooooooo oooc
O O O-O OOOOOOO . ______-_-. _» _ I ,_ r -__ ..imnniiir OOOOOOO OOOO .
oooo ooooooo FODTUNES IN DESERT PRODUCTS. ooooooo oooc
ooooooooooo „.- , «... o.o ooooc oooo
ooooooooooo By Joie ce OHvares. ooooooo oooc
oooo°oooooo • , ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo . —^— — - ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo ooooooooooo
dooo ooooooo Tiic Wickedest Man in New YorK and ooooooo oooo
oooo ooo o o oo «.•»,-"— - ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo Qjc Advice He GiVCS. ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo. .. .• ooooooo oooo -
ooooooooooo ... ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo 'WHAT RFCOMPS OF OLJl - CANrlOH ? ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo wiiAi D£U/n£3 vr vim uuuiuni ooooooo oooo
oooo ooooooo _^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^_____^^^^_^__ ooooooo oooc
°J?? oSoooocoooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooo ooooooo ooSn
° ° ° ° o^^^^O^^^^^^^^DOjOOOOO^O^^^^^^O^O^O^^^^O^O^^jj^j^^- OOOO
OOOO.-..' OOOO
oooo *WV •. ¦ T| * ? . TlT ? oooo
Hii Read in Next m
OO&O- OOOO
OOOO jtfffBi *w* - ' A VI *M OOOO
oooo TttnhlXJ C I 91 1 1 °°°°
oooo in |g I f &,«/ n^ 8L f B a oooo
oooo WJLaV&Vv j »J3 Sfcw'WLJLJL* o°.°°
OOOO . -*¦ * - OOOO
OOOO ."'¦•- * - -' - ' • OOOO *
9*0 o ° oooc
OOOO o o OO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O OO O O OO °°?$ '
oooo ooooooo mmmmmmmmmm mmm „ ,, cmm^ — mm — _ _ mm _ _ _ _ _ mmmmamm^ _ mm mr . ooooooo ° ° o °
OOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO°°O0'
O C»O OOOOOOOO OOOOOOO 000^
oooo ooooooo The Crack Dillcmsn o! America and Who ooooooo oooo
ooooooooooo. , • ooooooo°ooo
ooooooooooo Thrv Aiv ooooooo oooc
ooooooooooo • . . *uwj • *** %~ ooooopo°°oo
ooooooooooo . - 4 ooooooo°°°o
ooooooooooo 'ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo* ooooooo^ooo
90000000000 LATEST in FASHIONS, FICTION, BOOKS, ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo > , ' ooooooo oooo
ooooooooooc' - - ' . ¦. . ooooooo o o o o
OOOO OOOO OOO . OOOOOO <*• OOOO
S-SSS oooSSSo And Many stories ol Thrfflin* Hvman §gSSS°g §§ o0 *
OOOOOOOOOOO . . : . , !-«-««-* OOOOOOO OOOC
oooo ooooooo interest. ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo i » ; '. ... . ooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOO ¦ . OOOOOOOOOOO'
oooo ooooooo ;- .SBEfSs ¦ oooooocoooo
ooSS SSSSSSS- THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. °,gooopc oooo
ooooooooopo :, FTVF f FNTX A CAW oooooocoooo
oooo oooo o o-o .-, . ' » i»c veni j a w**i. ooooooo oooo
OOOO OOOOOOO .- * - , . ' . ' • - : OOOOOOO OOOO
OOOO OOOOO Of .^¦^^^¦^^^¦^¦"¦"^^^^¦^^""" OOOOOOO OOOO
OOOO O O O O O O < -O ; * O O O O O O O O OO O O O OO OO O O O O O OO O O OO O q q o q p o q OOOO
OOOO OOOOOO C: OO OOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOOO OOOO O O OO OO O n n r> n n n o OOOOThe accused. thief who 'was charged. the ; other day
with trying. to rob a fellow-prisoner while in the dock
probably felt that in the. practice of one's profession
there should be a limitation of neither time nor place.
The Springneid man" who "is" accused of having
forged notes to the amount of $300,000 has the satis
faction of knowing that even his bitterest enemy ivill
not accuse him of being cheap.
From the way in which New Yorkers are discuss
ing the Carnegie libraries given to' that city it appears
that when they send him a vote of thanks they will
add a postscript, "Please endow them."
It is said that Kitchener would have succeeded in
making terms with Both* had not Chamberlain inter
fered, and should that be so Kitchener ought to re
turn home and Jet the Birmingham pet take the field
in South Africa and show what he can do.
"Why, first it was Tammany Hall, then
Murray Hall and now Mrs. Blakeley Hall
¦who Is In the public eye."
"And you forget the one which gives
so much trouble to the police." ; - 7 T -t;
"What's that?"
"Alcohol."— Yonkers Statesman.
"Uncle John." said little Bmlly. "do you
know that a baby that was fed on ele
phant's milk gained twenty pounds In a
¦week?"
"Nonsense!" exclaimed Uncle John, and
then asked. "Whose baby waa it?"
"It was the •lephant's baby," replied lit
tle Emily.— Our Dumb Animals. - ¦ •
"A Pennsylvania Junk dealer sold his
wife to the ashman for flftv cent3."
""Well, say — if she's that sort of a wife
I'll bet the ashman will be around in a
few days asking pay for carting he?
away."— Plain Dealer.
On the departure for the next world of
a friend and citizen a rural singer -writes:
"He took and went the heavenly way —
'Tls hard to do without him;
But all of us will leave some day.
So I writ this poem 'bout him."
—Atlanta Constitution.
Judge— Have you anything to say before
sentence Is passed upon you?"
The female prisoner— No, your Honor:
I'll wait till afterward. I am in tha
habit of having the last word.— Tonkers
Statesman. .
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace HoteL*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ip at Townsend's. »
Be?t eyeglasses, 10c to 40c. Look out for
81 4th, front of barber store and grocery. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Tommy— Pop, what's a subsidy?
Tommy's Pop— Well, my son. If I should
give you a quarter not to ask any more
questions, that, would be a subsidy —
Philadelphia Record.
No grippe, no pneumonia in the early winter.
: those who build up their system* after th* hot
season .by uslps Dr.Slegert's Angostura Blttara,
Bill— The Halls seem to hold the center
or the stace.
Jill— How so? • . -. W'.--
CHANCE TO SMILE.
While such difference of opinion exist ' it is of
course not at all likely any* movement will.be made
to change the system. The only feature of note,
therefore, in the discussion is the evidence it discloses
of'the eagerness of the American people to bring all
the old and'time-honored institutions of society to' the
test and determine; by full debate whether they are
really so excellent as custom ranks them. -.On one
An advocate of a majority verdict says: "If the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States
constantly fail to agree upon questions of a class per
fectly familiar to them, and minority Judges are con
stantly writing dissenting opinions, it is impossible to
suppose that a constant stream of unanimous conclu
sions from juries upon all sorts of questions, upon"
many of which expert witnesses differ widely, repre
sents actual unanimity of opinion." He argues, there
fore, that the unanimous verdicts which we" get from
juries are not really unanimous, but represent either
a politic concession on the part of the minority or
else a stamping out of the minority by a majority of
the jurors. Thus we have a virtual majority rule by in
direction, and: it would be much better to establish
such rule by law and thus save time and the not in
frequent disagreements resulting from the present
system.
The conservative side of the question has, however,
strong supporters. One of them- in a communication to
the Boston Globe says: "After an experience of a
quarter of a century at the trial of civil and of crimi
nal cases I answer no to . the question propounded.
No American institution has better stood the test of
time than our present Jury system; man has been
unable to find a better method of finding facts on
disputed evidence." Another lawyer of long; expe
rience, at the bar says:. "By all means let us adhere
to the unanimous verdict. It works substantial justice
in the average case, and when it errs it is more likely
to err upon the right than the wrong side. * * *
There is no coercion in the jury-room that a patient
and conscientious minority cannot' resist. ".'•
The discussion has now shifted to Boston, but in
that city the question is not whether juries shall be
abolished altogether, but whether the law shall not be
so amended as to give a majority the right to return
a verdict.
SOME time ago attention was directed to a dis
cussion in Pennsylvania over the statement of
one of the Judges of that commonwealth that
•;he time has come for a revision of the prevailing sys
tem of trial by jury. It was brought out during the
controversy that a good deal of dissatisfaction exists
with the system, and that a considerable number of
litigants would prefer to have their cases heard and
determined by a Judge alone rather than by a court
made up of Judge and jury. A similai "condition of
public sentiment was a little later disclosed in Lon
don, where a"n investigation showed that a very large
proportion of suits in that city where the parties had
the option of a trial with or without a jury were heard
bj r the Judge alone, the litigants preferring not to take
the risk of a jury verdict or a mistrial resulting from
inability onthe part of the jurors to agree.
OUR JURY SYSTEM.
The unseemly squabbh between the Board of Edu
cation and Superintendent of Schools Webster has at
least one interesting phase for the public. Whatever
the antagonists may say of one another the public
will give an answering thought of indorsement.
A third will not be happy until Aguinaldo is safely
shot. In these erratic and crude demonstrations of
law and immature judgment lies the weakness of the
party in whose organs :t is manifested.
The people of this country want some degree of
stability in their Government and its policy.^and arc
indisposed to trust either in the keeping of mere im
pulse and emotions which are always wrong. - -"'•
Another in the same section, which worships at tht
feet of Bryan and has howled ceaselessly against our
policy of getting islands in the sea, turns and rends
its leader and its fellow followers in this way: "Next
to the fall of their beloved Aguinaldo the Yankee Fili
pinos will have cause to mourn over the probability
that the Danish West India Islands are more likely
than ever to fall into Uncle Sam's bag. The King
«nd Crown Prince of Denmark, who heretofore have
been bitterly opposed to ceding the islands, are re
ported as now favorable to the proposition. The rest
should be easy for everybody but the New England
rum trust. The isles of Santa Cruz and St. Thomas
are famous for the superior quality and pleasant flavor
of their rum, and when they become American, and
their products hence domestic, the coarse distillation
o: Medford will suffer."
"When the Filipinos barkened to the fool words
of the pompadoured rebel we sent a Kansan after him,
end the Kansan has come back bringing him."
" '0, say does that otar-spangled banner yet wave?'
It do, and over a free people, a strong people, a real
nation, a power among nations, not because of
its number of ships, not because of its strength of
army or because of its system of handling the ma
chinery of war, but because of its way of doing busi
ness. * '* >:>
"Once more the American eagle gets up on the top
rang of its ladder and sends its voice in triumphant
scrcechings through the land.
One Democratic paper in South Carolina broke
out in words and phrases as follows: "The slant
eyed gazelle of the archipelago is ours. May he serve
twenty years in Leavenworth prison and learn an hon
rst trade in company with the forgers and traitors,
the misguided officials who have purloined from and
ihe deserters from tje ranks of Uncle Sam.
VERILY our Southern brother, of Democratic
faith, is mysterious and past finding out.
The most merciless and really foolish propo
sitions as to the disposition to be made of Aguinaldo
:ome from the press of that section. Northern papers,
as a rule, take a dignified view of the fallen general,
repress respect for him as the leader of a people whose
good will is" desired by this country, and make no sug
gestion for his degradation or infamous punishment.
But it is not so with the press of that section which
ttood solidly for Bryan in the last two campaigns.
SOUTHERN OPINION.
;ln this connection it is worth noting that the New
York Times recently published a review, of gifts made
for public purposes in this country, showing that the
total value of such gifts for the' year 1900 amounted
to $47,500,000, and that during the last eight years the
aggregate reached the magnificent sum of $314,600,
000. It thus appears that if the opportunities for ac
quiring wealth are greater in this country than else
where, so also are the inducements which incline tha
successful to share their good fortune with the whole
community. Our millionaires are not only the most
numerous but the 'most liberal in the world. Europe
and Asia combined can make no such showing of gen
erous gifts as that which is presented here. It is
therefore evident that the American is not only the
most enterprising in acquiring- wealth, but is the most
generous and public spirited in making use of it.
One of the most convincing evidences that the
monetary wealth of the world is now in the United
States, is to be found in the fact that New York has
become the financial center of the world. At the pres
ent time it appears likely that the deficit in the British
tmdget for the year will exceed $300,000,000, and it has
been pointed out that had such a condition, existed
twenty-five years ago there would have been great
uneasiness and alarm in the money markets of the
world; whereas to-day, despite the large expendi
tures fqr military purposes in China, in South Africa
and in the Philippines, and vast industrial enterprises
under way in all parts of the globe, there is no dis
turbance whatever in the' world of finance. No dif
ficulty is found in obtaining capital for the largest
kinds of enterprise, anrl- the civilized world moves
along as if the British financial situation were a mat
tst of no particular moment..
In each of the cases specified there is clearly a
laige exaggeration of the fortune, and consequently
the summary as a 1 whole is discredited thereby. It is
quite probable, however, that the estimate that one
half the millionaires of the world are citizens of the
United States is not far wrong. This country is so much,
richer than any other, the opportunities for acquiring
wealth have been so much more abundant here than
elsewhere, and the stimulus to obtain wealth for the
power, it gives in all enterprises for the advancement
cf cities and States and the natioa itself, is so much
stronger than among any other people that it is nat
ural more Americans should attain possession of vast
fortunes than the people of all other lands put to
gether.: Consequently the conclusion of the writer
referred to is not to be rejected in that respect merely
because of his evident exaggerations in particular in
stances. .. .
The list is not to be relied upon as accurate, for the
estimates of the wealth of the men included in it are
apparently based upon reports that are hardly bettc
than guesswork. Thus !Beit, the diamond king of
South Africa, and Li Hung Chang are credited with
being the richest men in the world, their fortunes
being rated at $500,000,000 each. The third place is
assigned to Robinson oi South Africa, who is said
to have a fortune equal to the value of $400,000,000,
while Rockefeller comes fourth with $250,000,000.
r\ CCORDING to a writer for Chambers' Journal
A\\ fully one-half of the millionaires of the worli^
YVf Vare Americans. In a list of noted rich men
who are reputed to be worth $25,000,000, or more,
there are included forty-four. Americans, twenty citi
zens of Great Britain, nine Austrians, four Germans,
four Frenchmen, three Russians, three South Africans,
three Spanish Americans, one Italian, one Spaniard,
one Belgian and one Chinaman.
THE WORLD'S MILLIONAIRES.
BIGAMY— F. M. S., City. A man who
deserted his wife seventeen years ago, is
not divorced and has no proof that his
wife is dead, if he marry again is guilty
of bigamy, unless he can establish that
during a period of seven years he. after
diligent search, could not obtain any in
formation as to his first wife. If he did
not hear of her In that time it would raise
a presumption that she 'was dead.
COLLECTING FARES— R., City. If
you got on a street car, rode a consider
able distance and then discovered that
you had got on the wrong car the con
ductor would not have the right to re
turn you your fare nor allow you to ride
back to the point from which you started
without collecting another fare. To
avoid mistakes ask the conductor If you
are on the right car if you do not know.
ASPHALT— R.. City. Asphalt or as
phaltum Is a blackish bituminous sub
stance of solid consistence, which prob
ably owes its existence to vegetable mat
ter which has been subjected to a slow
process of decomposition or decay, result-
Ing In the production of a bituminous
coal, from which by volcanic agency it
has been distilled and diffused over the
neighboring district. ¦-.*??':*
"the number of men killed on the British
and Boer sides In the war In South Af
rica, how many have died from disease
and what the war has already cost Eng
land." ' - :
i THE WAR IN AFRICA-Subscriber,
Kelseyville, Cal. As yet there have not
been published any statistics that show
A DIFFICULT CASE— Easterner. City.
This department suggests that you lay
the difficult case that you name in your
letter of inquiry before the resident phy
sician at the City and County Hospital,
and he will be able to give you the in
formation you desire. :-•.•-> ¦
GIVEN NAME— H. M., City. Although
a gentleman "has known a lady for a year
and has been out with her quite often,"
he should not address her by her given
name unless she permits him to do so.
RESERVATIONS— F. H., Boasall, Cal.
For information relative to the opening to
the public of the Klowa, Comanche and
Apache reservations address a communi
cation to the General Land Office, "Wash
ington, D. C, fctatlng in full what infor
mation you desire. . ...
GOODS BT SAMPLE— Agent, Stent,
Cal. An agent who sells goods by sample
only is not required to take out a license
in the State of California.
SPIDERS— M. S.,%lty. The best exter
minator for spiders In a cellar Is a broom,
energetically applied. Wherever there 13
a cobweb sweep it away.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NO PREMIUM— a. M., City. Dealers In
coins will not purchase half-dollars of
1S75. Such are sold by dealers at from 73
cents to $1. ¦¦.' -,;£ i
CAIilPORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
and wife of Los Angeles are at the St.
James.
"WASHINGTON, April 12.— R. S. Tousley
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— J. Cohn is at the Imperial, H.
T. Scott and L. J. Scott are at the Hol
land, Dr. G. M. Terwll and wife are at the'
Imperial, L. H..Dubber is at the Union
Square, J. H. Hunt and A. Zuckerman are
at the Herald Square, G. Lowenberg is at
the Hoffman, M. E. Luther is at the Sin
clair, J. Richards Is at the Astor.
J. A* "Whittier. a mining man of British
Columbia, is staying at the Grand. He is
accompanied by his wife.
P. B. Lynch, a merchant and a Town
Trustee of Vallejo, is spending a few days
at the Palace.
Dr. N. Thompson of Boonvllle Isfet the
Grand. HV .
H. A. French of Sacramento la at the
Palace. \
J. Betts, a merchant of San Jose, .5 at
the Palace.
TV. G. Fraser, a Riverside merchart;, 13
at the Palace.
Dr. J. B. HamUton of L03 Angeles it at
the Occidental. .{/.'!
E. 8. Churchill, a banker of Napa, la. a
guest at the Palace.
O. Scriher, an oil man of Bakersfleld, is
a guest at the Grand.
F. Irwln Herron, an oil man of Los An
geles, is at the Palace. ...
Joseph Gqldman. a merchant of Merced,
is a guest at the Grand.
"W. J. Smith, .a merchant of Watsonville,
is registered at The Palace.
Charles P. Reed, a merchant of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Palace.
O. T. "Woodward, a rar.cher of "Wood
wards Island, Is at the Grand.
Walter F. Parker of Los Angeles is
spending a few days at the. Grand.
Senator E. C. Voorhels of Sutter Creek
registered at the Palace yesterday.
M. H. Whittler, j$i oil man of Bakers
fleld, is registered at the Occidental.
Rev. Robert L. Macfarlane of Carson
City, Xev., Is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SATURDAY. APRIL 13. 1901 .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addmf All Cemnunieittrai t» W. 8- LEASE, Mutgea
HAXAGEIt'S OFFICE. . • . . . . .Telephone Pre "* jplM
i'L'DI.ICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Tlitrd. S. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201.
CDITOBXAX IIOOMS 217 to 221 SteTeniOB St.
Telephone Pren 202.
Delivered uji Carrier*. 15 Cent* Ter 'Week.
glnclc Copies, S Cents. -
Term* br Mall. Including Fostaffet
nAH,T CALL ftneludlnr Sunday), cne year *J-W
r\AJLT CALL (Including Sunday). « months; ••°"
3AILT CALL flncludlr.ir Sundav). * months I- 50
DAILY CALL— By 61ngl» Month i5c
FUJJDAT CALL. One Tear — •• *•»>
WEEKXT CALU Oat Tear '. 108
AH postmaster* nre authorised to receive
subscriptions.
GtmpU copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ma!l «cb»ern*r» In cra>rtnr chanr* of sdflrw should b*
-•arUcnlar to riv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
10 tssor* a prompt and correot compliance with their request.
iAKLAXD OFFICE. .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TESS.
Kaetgtr Foreign AdrerMfi&g. Karqsett) BniHing. CMetgo.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 261>.") ;
NKW TORK CORRESPOKDKNT:
C CAJftLTO V Herald Square
NETT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
» TEPHEJT B. SMITH. 3O tribune Building
NEW TORK Nr*'S BTANDS:
Waldorf -A rtorla Hotel; . A. Brentano, SL Union .Squar*:
i:urray Hill Hotel.
' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ghertnan Rooac: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
FVemont Bouse: Auditorium Hotel. - . -
WJLSHINGTOW (D. C> OFFICE. . . .14Ofl O St.. W. W.
MORTOX E. CRANE. Correspondent.
URAJVCnr OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
eatfl »:*0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock. t73
McAllister, opea until 1:80 o'clock. C15 L&rkln. opes until
t:ro o'clock. 1M1 MiEslon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
OBtH t o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner TwentT-fieroTirt UTirt KenHioVr. open nntll 9 o'clock.
The first effect of an attempt to revise the tariff
would be to reopen the whole question, and that
would mean the subjection of ihe business interests
of the country to another long period of uncertainty,
and ; inevitably lead to a repression of enterprise. No
capitalist would care to undertake new industries so
long as he was in doubt what duty would be levied
upon foreign goods coming into competition with his
products. There may be changes of a minor kind
that might be advantageously made in the tariff, -for
nothing in this world is perfect, but that Baboock will
have. any strong support for. his bill providing for a
considerable reduction of duties or a radical altera
tion of the tariff is not at all likely.
It is difficult to believe that in all this there is any
thing more than springtime talk. The country has
been so prosperous under the present tariff and has
so shortly recovered from, widespread disaster caused
by tariff- tinkering in the direction of free trade it is
hardly likely any considerable number of statesmen
will seriously attempt to make a change of that kind
again. Even Democrats may be expected to, fight
shy of tariff reform for many a year to .come. .They
would rather make another contest for free silver than
for free trade, for what class of workingmen can be
expected to make another trial of the experience that
followed the enactment of the Wilson bill?"
. As Roberts is a Republican the. free trade papers
have been, quick to seize upon his speech and quote
it as an evidence that protection is no longer regarded
as a fundamental principle of Republicanism. Congress
man . Babcock of Wisconsin is another Republican
who is said to have taken "what' the free traders call
''broad views of the situation." He is reported to
have started a movement to reduce duties levied under
the.present tariff, and it is asserted that the represen
tatives of some of the protected interests are so. far
with, him that they will make no objection to his
scheme. • ...
The discussion had its origin in a speech made by
George E. Roberts, Director of the Mint, before the
Bankers' Club of Chicago. Mr. Roberts is reported
to have said that our trade balances are now so large
we cannot expect our customers to pay in. cash, nor
can we bring all our wealth home; we must leave* a
large portion of it in foreign lands, consequently we
must become a foreign trading nation, and therefore
must revise our present tariff to suit the changed con
ditions. ' • .
CONGRESS is not in session, politics is dull and
the silly season is approaching. It is therefore
in the natural' order of "things' that all sorts of
discussions should break out here and there by way
of making talk' and giving statesmen an opportunity
for keeping themselves before the public. The first
of these discussions that has obtained any wide no
toriety is, of all things in the world, a discussion of
tariff reform. It is a suggestion that the time has
come for reconsidering the question of free trade or
protection.
A NEW TARIFF DEBATE.
point it is pleasing to note that all parties agree, and
that is that juries should be composed of men who are
known to be honorable and should be treated with as
much consideration as the Judges and the attorneys in
the- case. ;
We plead, therefore, for the constant exercise of the
kindliest thoughtfulneis for the comfort and quiet "of
the President and his party, and are quite, sure that
we will not plead in vain.
The trip will be very arduous at its best. As he
comes by New Orleans and crosses Western Texas,
New Mexico and Arizona at the time of year when
the ardor of summer heat is upon. that line of travel,
it must not be- forgotten that much time must be
granted for rest and recuperation.
Therefore let us spare him as far as possible the
fatigue of mere ceremonial and give him ample access
to the hearty and non-fatiguing, considerate and
kindly contact with the "people.
He is now in his' second term in the most exacting
position in the world. No other -man charged with
the administrative affairs of a people is compelled to
address himself to as great a variety, volume and com
plication of issues as the President of the United
States. It is President McKinley's fixed habit to
work everything down to the minutest details, and
the magnitude of his ta=k is almost incomprehensible
to those who in " their business or profession have
only one simple line of duty.
It is difficult to restrain California hospitality and
the desire of all our people'to do what they esteem to
be complete honor to the head of the nation and the
members of his official family. But this laudable de
sire must be tempered by consideration for the phy
sical comfort and welfare of the President and his
party. He desires to meet the people, the great, un
official and level-headed people, on at least one occa
sion when he can look them in the face and discourse
of the relation of the government to their welfare,
and develop the old truth that government is of their
making and they should make it wisely if they con
sult their own interests. This opportunity he should
have at all hazards, no matter what mere ceremonial
functions have to be cut to permit, it. Such a course
will be in line with his wish and purpose, and* it is the
truest hospitality to consult the views and comfort of
a guest in such a matter.
Otherwise he should be spared, as much as pos
sible, the fatigue of making speeches.
It will be readily seen, therefore, that mere functions
should yield to the leisure required for the fulfillment
cf the greater purpose of the tour.
It is for this reason that nearly his entire Cabinet
accompanies him. .Those gentlemen have daily duties
of administration which intimately affect the whole
people and relate to the conditions under which they
live and exert their energies for the development of
the country.- - • / •*
THE tour of the President, to. begin next month,
is the most extensive -ever made by an incum
bent of that office. It is a wise thing for the
President to do. Wise, not in a merely political sense,
but for its economic value to the material interests of
the country. From the beginning of his career in
Congress President McKinley has been singular
among American statesmen in his close attention to
and expert knowledge of those material interests.
With very definite ideas of the relation of government
to the welfare of the/people he has adhered with the
'most remarkable steadfastness to the principles of leg
islation which he believed would promote ' general
prosperity, and therefore stimulate the enterprise of
the people, giving them a chance to further their for
tunes on the' line of the least resistance. To him, there
fore, this tour means a most intelligent inspection of
physical and economic conditions, and an addition to
his store of that knowledge • which he acquires and
u«es"solely for the public benefit.
THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT.
the results of their mvestigatlhs. There
mav have "beer* much weak afi unsatis
factory work by this class of dRces. but,
having watched their work fork genera
tion, the writer feels safe in Asserting
that with but one or two exceptkns there
has- never been any attempt bylhe head
of any of the offices. State orFtteral. to
pervert the facts or to use the tffices to
sustain theories. This Is a reco X £*
the official statisticians of our Sfcte ana
Federal Governments can be proUjl.
long to the Census Office, and the inform
ation resulting from inquiries covering
such points is collected every teh years.
On the other hand, the department, as a
rule, deals with representative facts, it it
desires to know the rates of wages they
can be ascertained from a sufficient num
ber of concerns In different industries to
establish the facts. If it desires to ascer
tain the cost of production, it is not neces
sary that the data should be secured from
all the establishments in a given industry.
Such a method would be altogether too
expensive for 'the department to under
take, but it can secure the information
from a sufficient number of firms to es
tablish the facts as to the cost of produc
tion in a particular industry. Its investi
gations, therefore, covering indicative in
formation from representative establish
ments, are sufficient to satisfy a study or
the question involved. Sometimes, of
course, the department Is able to cover
the question so thoroughly as to secure
aggregate statements, as, for Instance, in
its investigations relating to building and
loan associations, marriage and divorce,
convict labor, strikes and lockouts.
Statistics of Strikes and Lockouts.
One or two illustrations will serve to
show the methods adopted by the depart
ment. It has made two comprehensive
reports giving the statistics ! relating to
strikes and lockouts in this country. The
first was in 18S7, and covered the data for
the six years, beginning January 1, 1881.
and ended December 31. 1886. and the tenth
annual report covered like data from Jan
uary 1, 1SS7. to June 30, 1894.- The depart
ment is now engaged in collecting similar
data for all strikes and lockouts which
have occurred since the latter date and up
to December 31, 1900, and when this report,
is published the department will have the
data for all strikes and lockouts occurring
in the United States from January 1, 1S81,
to December 31, 1900.
In collecting this information, which re
lates to the number oi persons involved
in the labor controversies, the losses to
capital and to labor, the duration and the
results of each controversy, all properly
tabulated and presented by States and In
dustries, the department secures the data
from' each side engaged in each contro
versy through the personal inquiries of
an expert. An account 13 kept of the oc
currence of- all strikes and lockouts and
then the localities are visited by the ex
pert. He is prepared with schedules of in
quiry, so that the information collected
by all the experts shall be on a uniform
basis. If the parties ordering the strike
and the employers r.gainst whom the
strike is directed agree as to the facts
they are accepted. If there is a, disagree
ment it is the business of the expert to
ascertain the points of disagreement and
by continued inquiry to secure an agree
ment as to the facts. "Thus the statements
reported must be accepted as thoroughly
trustworthy, no effort being spared to se
cure accuracy. Sometimes the facts are
easily obtained, but in great and compli
cated strikes, where a large number of es
tablishments are involved, the difficulty
is very greatly increased.
Getting Statistics of Divorce.
Another illustratlqn is that connected
with the investigation relative to divorces,
especially ordered by Congress. An in
vestigation of the kind, in order to have
any value sociologically, must cover a
sufficiently long period of years to mako
the comparisons valuable. So the facts
were gathered for twentv years. At the
time the investigation was made thcr«
were over 2700 courts. State and Federal,
in the United States having jurisdiction
of divorces. To secure the reauired data
all the facts relative to every petition for
a divorce and every decree for a period of
twenty years from all the 2700 and more
courts had to be examined, yet this worK
was accomplished and all the facts se
cured, either' by the service of experts or
by the mail, for all the courts in the coun
try.
After the information Is brousrhf to the
office it is carefully examined, each sched
ule individually, and if errors occur re
course must be had to original sources of
information for correction. When the
schedules are all in correct order, or as
perfect as the physical conditions wMl
warrant, they, are then tabulated and the
facts arranged and classified in accord
ance with the Information to be brougbc
out.
Value of Labor Statistics.
It is often asked, "What good do labor
statistics do? What 5s the value of the
work of the Department of Labor?" One
might as well undertake to answer the
same auestion relative to the Bureau of
Education or to other offices devoted en
tirely to the dissemination of knowledge.
No one of these offices really puts money
into the pockets of ih«» citizens of the
United States. They are and must be
considered as a part of the educational
force of the Government.
Under the general welfare clause of the
constitution the United States oGvern
ment spends about $8,000,000 annually and
employs over 4000 people in scientific and
educational All their work might
be abandoned without interfering one jot
br tittle with the administration of the
Federal Government. There are. however,
certain classes of information which pri
vate enterprise cannot secure, as, for in
stance, no private individual or set of in
dividuals would undertake the collection
of data relative to strikes and lockouts
or-the various other questions which have
been covered by the United States Depart
ment of Labor; yet all such information
is useful. Congress desires it for its own
use, and after having secured it feels at
liberty to publish It for the use of every
body else. So, while it can be shown here
and there that the facts secured by the
Department of Labor and kindred offices
in the United States have resulted In
shaping wise legislation and also in pre
venting unwise legislation, the informa
tion has been more generally of the char
acter of educational work — adding to the
knowledge of the world.
Benefits of Sociology.
The results of the work of such offices
constitute most valuable contributions to
social and politloal science. Sociology to
day commands the attention of thinking
people, but sociology without facts is sim
ply a- theoretical view of the construction
of society. What we need is the actual
facts of what society is doing, for only by
knowing the actual facts can laws be de
duced relative to future conduct. Labor
and capital are both vitally Interested in
social and economic Information The In
vestigation of existing conditions in va
rious directions results In positive knowl
edge,' and through positive knowledge the
errors which grow, out of empirical
observation are corrected. One of the
chief values of the work of the DeDart
ment of Labor is correcting the erroneous
conclusions drawn simply from observa
tion. The time will come when the sta
tistical method will enable governments
to avoid certain things and to adont oth
era, all of which will conduce to the. e-eti
eral welfare. . ,-. Ben "
But when, statistical offices become nar
tisan in their nature, adopt any particular
ideas of reform, become proDae-anrti«t«
and aim to bolster up one party as against
another in its economic theories their
work will be criminal* and not scientific
A partisan cannot be a good statistician
and should the Department of Labor fd'
vocate a proposition it would necessariiv
take the position of an advocate hence a
partisan, and lay itself open 4egitimatelv
to the charge of having collected S to
substantiate its own position or of havine
neglected to fecure facts which might
antagonize such position. It is onlv bv the
fearless publication of facts, without re
gard to the influence those facts may
have upon any party's position or any
partisan's view that the department can
justify its continued existence. : -
Education for the Masses.
It is now well understood- that the pop
ular education of. the masses in the ele
mentary facts of political and economic
science Is one of the greatest educational
ends of. the, day. and that departments
and bureaus of statistics and labor are
working emphatically, in the line of facili
tating this great work by their faithful
investigations into all the conditions
where facts should be known and into all
causes of bad conditions of whatever na
ture and, by their fearless promulgation of
By Carroll 3D. "Wriglit.
COMMISSIONER OF LABOR.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
IX. THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF LABOR.
The Bureau of Labor was* established
by act of Congress approved June 27, 1884,
and was attached to the Department of
the. Interior. The head of th*e office was
designated the Commissioner of Labor,
the act providing that he "shall collect
information upon the subject of labor, its
relation to capital, the hours of labor and
the earnings of laboring men and women
and the means of promoting their mate
rial, social, intellectual and moral pros
perity."
The United States bureau was organ
ized in January, 1883, and the Commis
sioner on February 4 addressed a letter
to the Secretary of the Interior declaring
the policy of the bureau, stating:
It should be remembered that a bureau of
labor cannot solve industrial or social prob
lems, nor can it bring- direct returns In a ma
terial way to the citizens of the country, but
its work must be classed among educational
efforts, and by Judicious investigations and the
fearless publication thereof it may- and should
enable the people to comprehend more clearly
and more fully many of the problems wnicn
now vex them. , -
After three and a half . years of suc
cessful operation an act was passed (ap
proved June 13, 1888) providing for a de
partment of labor, the consequence of
which was practically to perpetuate the
work of the Bureau of Labor in the De
partment t of the Interior, but the name of
the office was changed and it was made-
Independent of any of the great depart
ments. The head of the department was
still designated the Commissioner of La
bor, and by the act he became officially
responsible to the President and to the
Congress, and not to a secretary in the
Cabinet.
Work of the Department of I»abor.
¦ The work of the • Commissioner.' of ' La
bor, whether at the head of the 'bureau
or of the department, has been contin
uous and consecutive, his reports being
numbered without reference to the form
of the organization, the first three ema
nating from the Bureau of Labor and the
others from the department. In all there
have been fifteen annual and nine special
reports published, with the following des
ignations:
ANNUAL.
1886— First, "Industrial Depressions."
18S6— Second, "Convict Labor."
•18S7— Third, "Strikes and Lockouts' (Janu
ary 1, .1881, to December 31, 1886).
• 1888— Fourth "Workingr Women in. Large
Cities."
188&-Fifth, "Railroad Labor."
1S90— Sixth, , "Cost of Production; Iron, Steel,
Coal," etc. ' . _
1891— Seventh. "Cost of Production; the Tex
tiles and Glass." - ¦
1892— Eighth, "Industrial Education."
lS9£-Nlnth, "Building and Loan As3ocia
1894—Tenth, "Strikes and Lockouts" (Janu
ary 1. 1887, to June 30, 1894). » j
1895-6 — Eleventh, "Work and Wages of Men,
"Women and Children." • .
1S97— Twelfth. . "Economic Aspects- of the
Liquor Problem."
1898— Thirteenth. "Hand and Machine Labor.
1S99 — Fourteenth, "Water, Gas and Electric
Light Plants Under Private and Municipal
Ownership."
1900— Fifteenth. "A Compilation of wages In
Commercial Countries From Official Sources.
SPECIAL.
1889— First, "Marriage and Divorce."
1392 — Second, "Labor Laws of the united
States" (second edition, revised 1896).
1893 — Third, "Analysis and Index of All Re
ports Issued by Bureaus of Labor Statistics
in the United States Prior to November 1,
1S92." (Out of print.)
1893 — Fourth, "C6mpulsory Insurance in Ger
many," etc. _ , ,
1893— Fifth "The Gothenburg- System or
Liquor Traffic." _ ,.
1893— Sixth, "The Phosphate Industry of the
United States" (with maps and illustrations).
1894— Seventh, "The Slums of Baltimore,
Chicago, New York and Philadelphia."
1895-Elsrh.th "The Housing of the' Working
People" (with plans and illustrations).
1897— Ninth, "The Italians In Chicago.
Keports on th.e Condition of I*abor.
By the act of Congress approved March
2, 1895, the Commissioner is authorized to
publish a bulletin relating to the condi
tion of labor in this and other countries,
with condensations of State and foreign
labor reports, facts as to conditions or
employment and such other facts as may
be deemed of value to the industrial in
terests of the country. % By the act of July
1 " 1898, the Commissioner is authorized to
compile and publish annually, as part of
the bulletin of the Department of Labor,
an abstract of the main^features of the
official statistics of the cities of the United
States having over 30,000 population. In
accordance v.ith the act of March 2, 189a,
the first number of the bulletin was pub
lished in November of that year,, and it
has "been Issued every other month since,
containing usually from 120 to 150 pages.
The ma4n portions of the bulletin are the
results of original - Investigations; the
other parts contain condensations of State
and foreign labor reports, as provided by
law, the labor laws of the different States
of the United States as they are passed
and the decisions of the highest courts
in the country interpreting such labor
laws as have come before them.
' It will be seen fhat the acts creating
the bureau, and afterward the depart
ment of labor, are very broad. The Com
missioner can take up any question which,
relates to the material, social, intellectual
and moral prosperity of the people. It
has been considered that the department,
in acting under this broad authorization,
must confine itself to the collection and
publication of information; that it is not
the province of the head of the office to
make arguments for or against proposed
measures for promoting the material, so
cial Intellectual and moral prosperity of
'the people. In the early days of bureaus
of labor very many people considered that
the head of such offices should take up
this, th-at or the other proposed scheme,
remedy or alleged panacea as official busi
ness but that idea has been laid aside
almost entirely, the head of the United
States Department of Labor taking the
ground that if he took up one side of a
question and collected facts or material
relating to it, he was in duty bound to
take uo the other side of the same ques
tion- that officially he could not adopt the
ideas of any party or organization as the
basis of work, but that he fulfilled the
intention of the law when he faithfully
collected and published information bear
ing upon any of the great questions which
Congress or the public had- to consider,
leaving Congress and the public to draw
their own conclusions and make their own
deductions from the facts presented.
' 'Gathering Statistics of Labor.
*As a rule the department confines .itself
to the statistical method— that is, the col
lection of information on carefully pre
pared schedules of inquiry put* into the
hands of experts. This is the usual
method of collecting . information, but
there are questions which cannot be dealt
with by the statistical method, and yet
all the work. of the department- must be
the result of original inquiry' made in some
form. Rambling and nebulous observa
tions which would be likely, to result
from ah' investigation carried on by in
quiries not properly scheduled, 'are and
ought- to be avoided. The-: great advan
tages of the statistical method, carried on
through the means of properly prepared
schedules, hatfe been .demonstrated by
many years of practical experience in dif
ferent States and by the^ department it
self. With properly, instructed special
agents, who can secure exactly the in
formation required, and i who are on the
spot to make any explanation to parties
from whom data are sought, and who can
and must consult the. books j£ account at
the establishments under " Wvestigatlon,
the best and most accurate information
can be secured, and in a- condition -for
tabulation..- * '•• ¦ .'•¦••¦
The department does not aim to secure
aggregates, except in rare cases— that is,
it cannot count the people; it cannot col
lect the facts of all: the ¦ manufacturing
establishments- in the country, nor-class
ify the occupation of ¦•; all the people,'- nor
enumerate the different Industries, nor as
certain the number of persons engaged in
the different industries, with Jtne ; aggre
«rat.a waces pald.^- All , such be-
How the Federal Government Seeks to Im
prove the Material, Social and Moral
Life of Workingmen. >
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call : •
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
6
Call Btibscrlbera contemplating? a change of
revldeaee durlnjj the anminer monthi can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their netr
¦.ddresjBes by notifying 1 The Call Bnsiness Office.
This pa*»cr will also be on aale at all summer
resorts and la represented by «. local agent In
all town* on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEIfcENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tenneisee's Pardner."
Grand Opera-house — "Cinderella."
Columbia — "More Than Queen." ¦
California— "The County Fair," Sunday night.
Central— "Inffomar."
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, 2oo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venins:.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Mechanics* Pavilion— Art Exhibition,
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture Sunday afternoon.
Tanforan Park — Races.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Occidental Horse Exchange — Monday, April IS, Horses,
tt 721 Howard street.
By «. H. Umbsen— Thursday, April 18, at 12 o'clock. Busl-
less Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
SgUCommittee on entertainment— Mrs. W H
Wiester, chairman; Mrs. A. M. Simpson, Miss
Georgia Barker. Mrs. Richard Spreckels Mrs
£ mmi ir s £after Howard, Mrs. J. R. Martin'
Mrs. M. Grottmell, Mrs. Klla C. Roeckel;
Committee of arrangements— Professor Emory
E. Smith, chairman: Mrs. Austin Sperry re
cording secretary; Mrs. Orville D. Baldwin
corresponding secretary; Professor E. J Wickl
eon. Mrs. L. O. . Hodgkins, Jlhn McLaren,
John rf. Sievers. I
Dr. P. B. Kennedy, Reno, Nev. ; Professor J.
A. Balmer, Pullman, Wash.; Professor A. J.
McClatchle. Phoenix, Ariz.; Luther Burbank,
Santa Rosa; Captain F. Edw. Gray, Al
hambra: Edw. Sturtevant, Los Angeles; LeB
ter L. Morse. Santa Clara; Mrs. Theodore B.
Shepherd, Ventuia; Professor William R. Dud
ley, Stanford. University; Professor. Charles H.
.Shinn. University of California: Miss Kate O.
Sessions, San I>iego; John Rock, Miles; H. H.
Noble, Cypress Lawn Cemetery; Andrew T.
Garey, Los Angeles; Sidney Clack, Menlo Park;
T. L. Stevenson, San Francisco; H. M. San
born, Oakland; Frank Pellicano, San Fran
cisco; George B. Jones. San Francisco, and the
presidents and secretaries of all Pacific States
horticultural societies.
General committee — Dr. J. R. Cardwell. Port
land, Or. ; Professor E. R. Lake, Corvalls, Or. ;
Department of literature, department of
botany, department of landscape garden
ing, department of practice— four sections.
The committees for the floral congress
are the following:
particular objects of their interest being
the Japanese tree paeonles. which are now
blooming.
The floral society is industriously pre
paring for the Pacific States Floral Con
gress, to be helii under its auspices at the
Academy of Sciences May 14, 15 and 16,
and its own annual fio\."^r show, to be
held in the nave of the ferry depot May
16, 17 and 18.
The floral congress will be attended by
delegates from Oregon, Washington, Ne
vada. Arizona and California. : Fifty
prominent speakers and essayists have
been invited to participate, and nearly
forty of them have already accepted the
invitation. . The general divisions for pur
poses of discussion are as follows:
MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA STATE FLORAL SOCIETY GATHER IN
MONTHLY MEETING BENEATH THATCHED ROOF OF THE JAP
ANESE TEAHOUSE IN GOLDEN GATE PARK.
HAL STEPHENS, PERFORMING AT THE ORPHEUM,
HEIR TO PROPERTY WORTH HORE THAN A MILLION
THE California State Floral Society
held its regular monthly meeting
yesterday at the Japanese tea gar
den in Golden Gate Park. With
cne of the thatch-roofed tea houses
for a meeting place, white and red azalias
and blue* rhododendrons blooming about
them, quaint Japanese houses nestling
amid rare and beautiful shrubs and trees
and ferns, ani goldfish flashing in the
pools to surfeit the eye. these lovers of
flowers discussed plans for the florA con
gress and the flower show to be. held dur
ing President McKlnley's visit to San
Francisco.
Th-» meeting was held In the park upoii
invltiticn of Superintendent John Mc-
Laren, whe is an enthusiastic member of
the Foclety. Members to the number of
sixty-five met £t the Haight street en
trance at 10:30 .a. rn. .'ind were taken in
carriages provided by the park'authori
ties to portions of the park deeired to
have particular interoet ior them. The
newer parts of- the park. *=uch as the new
chain of Jakes and tlse wild flower and
forestry experiments, were viewed with
rxuch interest.
The guests reached the tea garden at 1
o'clock and hai lunch in the midst of ihe
dainty environments it affords, and with
tea and crisr> Japanese cakes served in
Japanese style to help out the illusion of
having been set down somewhere in a cor
ner of the Mikado's realm.
At 2 o'clock the regmiar business meet-
Ing: was held, but nothing: more prosaic
than flcral congress and flower show af
fairs v.as dlscursed. Profess-nr Emory E.
Smith of Palo Alto, president of the so
ciety, occupied the bamloo stool that
served nn the "chair."
Aftor the b>if-!nef=s meeting the members
visited the cor.&ervatories in a body, the
FLOWER SHOW PLANS LAID
IN JAPANESE TEA GARDEN
A letter was received from B. B. Odell,
Governor of New York, thanking the so
ciety for havin'g elected him an honorary
member and expressing a high apprecia
tion of the compliment paid him. ,
After routine business there was served
to the members New York cider, crullers
made according to, an old-time Empire
State recipe and sandwiches," and long
pipes were passed around. There were
addresses by Colonel E. C. Hughes,
Colonel G. B. Sperry, Asa R. "Wells,
Colonel George Stone, Ben Schloss, Dr. G.
E Sussdorf, Colonel H." P. Bu8h,"E. B.
Reed and R. Hupton. . ' ,
Colonel C. Mason Kinne, Colonel H. P.
T:ush, Colonel George Stone, Hon. Asa R.
Wells, Hon. W. W. Montague, William Me-
Mann, Dr. J. I. Manson, J. H. Barry, Colonel
E. C. Hughes, Dr. G. E. Sussdorf, O. D.
Baldwin, Thomas H. Rooney, John T. Dare,
E. B. Read, Colonel George B. Sperry, Thomas
G. Taylor, W. W. Dodge, Dr. G. "W. Slchel,
W. W. Stone, W. B. Latham, J. B. Mclntyre,
O. H. Smyth, H. Schaflner. Oscar A. Tolle,
A B Truman, G. G. Crandall, L. A. Saalfleld,
Captain C. E. Thomas, George M. Willcox,
E. S. de Wolfe, John Curtln, J. Bruck-nann,
M.-, U. Bates, H. C. Ahpel, J. P. Tuohey,
George H. Kahn, W. i. Adams, G. S. Graham,
K W. Mortimer, W. N. Well, H. J. Rltcgrlnfl,
James H. Gates. S. S. Green, J. P. Dlgnan,
A. H. Greenebaum, C. W. Moulthrop, W. H.
McNaughton, E. J. Vogrel, James McClure, .T.
P. Smith, W. S. Duncombe, J. O'KeefTe, S.
FranK E. M. Greene, J. Kip, J. D. robin,
R Z Johnson, Dr. J. A. Born, W. A. Gender.
W. E. Joslyn, C. G. Adams, M. A. Cpfcl and
Ben Schloes.
The California Society of New Yorkers
held Its regular "verzamelung" In the' Oc
cidental Hotel last Wednesday night," Max
Popper presiding. .There were present be
sides the chairman:
From the Empire
1TEW YOBKERS HAVE
A "VERZAMELUNG"
Meeting of the Local Society of Men
The action of the. Labor Council in de
clining to Indorse the action of the Build
ing Trades Council in levying a boycott
against the California Baseball League
has been sustained by the Retail Trades
Council. This organization includes fifteen
subordinate unions.
Upholds Labor Council.
The Shinglers' Union held.a lively meet-
Ing last night at their hall, 1159 Mission
street. B. B. McGrath presided. It was
voted that any shingler found patronizing
the Techau Tavern would be fined $10. It
was also decided to impose a similar fine
on any member attending a baseball
game. . ¦
Sninglers' Union Meets.
The employes of commission houses and
jobbers will hold a meeting Sunday
morning, April 14, at 10:30 a. m., at the
rooms of the Commission Merchants' Pro
tective Association, 317 Davis street, to
consider a proposition asking for shorter
hours.
Jobbers' Employes to Meet.
Eighty ship clerks met Wednesday
night at 46 Steuart street and organized
the Ship Clerk3' Association. The char
ter was granted by the American Federa
tion of Labor. The following officers were
elected: President, E. E. McManus; vice
president, George Chrlstienson; secretary,
and treasurer, Thomas S. McManus. Com
mittees on auditing and finance and on
grievances were appointed. The associa
tion will join the Water Front Federa
tion.
Ship Clerks Organize.
Local Union 131 of the United Garment
Workers of America held an enthusiastic
meeting Thursday night and over 300 jour
neymen, apprentices and women garment
workers signed the roll and were Initi
ated. This was the second meeting since
the reorganization of the United Gar
ment Cutters on a broader basis, allow
ing all garment workers to become mem
bers, and men and women alike of that
trade .-are showing most lively Interest.
The hall was crowded last night. The im
mediate purpose of the union is to enter
upon a campaign against Chinese labor in
garment making.
Garment Workers' Union.
- The Stablemen's Union also wants a
boycott on the Jacobs stable, on Jackson
street, between Front and Battery.
Ono of the latest organizations, the Vin
egar and Purveyors' Union, announced
the names of Charles IUnlin and William
M\irphy as delegates.
The Picture Frame Workers, after an
nouncing that twenty-five men were out
on strike, asked that a boycott be de
clared against Sanborn, Vail & Co. The
Coopers' International Union also asked
that a boycott be declared against the
Cusick Cooperage Company, | located at
Francisco and Dupont streets.
/From the Theatrical Employes' Union
Robert Little and Jocob Fogel, with Otto
Elgin as alternate, were" introduced as
delegates.
At the meeting of the Labor Council last
night, after a series of resolutions,
amendments and other parliamentary pro
cedures, it was decided that despite Mc-
Carthy's influences the game should go
ahead with the union label attached. ' A
week's time >vas given the members of
the union to receae from the position as
sumed.
George W. Reed was admitted as a del
egate. from the Pattern Makers' Union.
A new phase of the fight against the
baseball games developed in the San
Francisco Labor Council last night. It ap
pears that at the last meeting of the Boot
and Shoe Workers' Union P. H. McCar
thy and other members of the Building
Trades Council put in an appearance, and
despite the action of the parent body in
duced the union to declare a sub-cathedra
boycott against the ball games In which
Henry Harris has an Interest.
Taken to Task for Part Taken
in Building Trades
Attack.
Soot and Shoe Workers' "Onion Is
Baseball Controversy Again
Disturbs Labor Council .
Deliberations.
BOYCOTT A BONE
OF CONTENTION
John and Pauline Didier were remarried
yesterday by Justice of the Peace Long
after having been divorced for nearly two
years. Didier is 70 years old and his wife
is 60. . The couple were married in France
over forty years aero and took' up their
residence shortl2 r after In Napa, • where
they acquired a' vineyard. Prosperity
brought dissension, and two years ago
they separated only to be reunited by
yesterday's ceremony.
Divorced Couple Remarry.
Two years of battling and skirmishing
with the law have resulted in a victory for
Mr. Stephens and eight other plaintiffs.
The property increased In value during all
the time and the effort of the legal heirs
to recover It was fought by more than 500
Interested parties.
THESPIAN WHO HAS FALLEN
HEIR TO A- VERY SNUG FOR
TUNE.
School Board Has Them Heady for
Distribution to Pupils" Entitled I
to Privilege. ,
The Board of Education advised the
principals of the public schools yesterday
that the certificates to be given pupils
who desire to take advantage of the half
fare ordinance are ready for distribution.
Not less than. twenty tickets, costing 50
cents, will be Bold to one pupil. They
may be obtained at the following distrib
uting stations: . ;.;iV:>_!-?
Office at Market and Valencia streets; office
or Wells, Fargo & Co.'s building-, Mission and
Second Btreets. room 88; office at Valencia and
Twenty-eighth streets* office at Turk and Fill
more streets;, office at Kentucky-street car
touFe; office at- Washington and Mason streets;
office at Point Loboa and First avenues: of Bee
at Eutter and Polk streets; office at California
• w:d Hyde streets; office at 1111 Union screet;
'office at San Jose avenue and Thirtieth street.
The certificate must bear the signature
of the pupil as well as the principal's sig
nature. The tickets are not transferable
and punishment will follow any attempted
abuse of the privilege.
CERTIFICATES FOB. THE
HAiTjF-FABE ORDINANCE
HAL STEPHENS of the Hal
Stephens Company, performing: at
the Orphcum this week, considers
himself a lucky Individual and
his friends declare he has ample
cause. Mr. Stephens received a com
munication from relatives In Cleveland,
Ohio, yesterday stating that a suit involv
ing millions of dollars' worth of property
and rentals and profits accrued since 1S80,
amounting to $1,500,000, is' about to be de
cided in favor of the plaintiffs, of which
Mr. Stephens Is one.
The property In question was owned by
Leonard Case, a prominent merchant of
Cleveland. Ohio, who died in 1SS0. Suit
was filed in December, 1900, for the pos
session of the estate, which, during the
Interim, was In the possession of the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
State.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
Ev^nlnrs at S. Matinee Saturday at 5.
"AGAIN BREAKING THE RECORD."
The Most Famous ot Comlo Operas,
THE
• "HOOT WON."
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
HAUTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEKLAN as "HOOT MOM."
POPULAR PRICES 250 and 50c
Telephone—Bush ).
" MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.), April 13. ,
Parquet, 25c, any seat: balcony, 10c; children,
10c. any part except reserved.
A GREAT' EASTER BILL!
PREVOST AND PREVOST, HAL STEPHENS
AND CO.. JOSEPHINE GASSMAN A.ND
HER PICKANINNIES, GEORGE H. WOO»j
FULLER. MOLLER AND BURKE, HAMIL-
TON HILL, THE GIRL OF QUALITY, THE
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH, TSCHER-
NOFF*S MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUS.
WULUlVlBlA LEADING THEATRE
C|D fiSnr MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 sharp.
TIIXOl Week Ends With Sunday Per-
formance. >
Second and Last. Week Begins Monday.
Blanche Walsh
. In the Magnificent Spectacular Production,
More Than Queen-.
From the French of Emile Bfirgerat. ;
QRAND 1 OPEJRA. MOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS of Our Easter Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
Week Commencing MONDAY EVENING
NEXT,
FLORENCE STONE and JOHN WEBSTER
JR. In an Elaborate Revival of
"EAST LYNNE."
PRICES— 10e, 15e, 25c, SOc. Few Seat3 75e.
Good Seat in Orchestra Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25c. • .
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
BELASCO *"» THALC&jfctf^
«l^ T& OttSTC CITY ItMU
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (Sun.) Evg.
Engagement- of America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
Superb production of the beautiful play, ¦
"//VCOM/5/?."
nnipcc EVENINGS 10c, 15c, 35c, 50c
inlCCJ MATINEES^ 10c, 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK-LAST WEES of ROBERT DOWNING
"JXJT_iIXJS CuiBSAR,."
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary Mag-
nificence. Appearance of Mason Mitchell and
Strong Cast. •
fjLf HEATR &M V
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
TENNESSEE'S g,o m
PARDNER^ & 8
NEXT, WEEK— The Laughable Farce Comedy,
"OH SUSANNAH."
¦"DliPCC TANFORAN
KAity park.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKET CLTja ¦
.. SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
.TO-DAY (SATURDAY), BIG DAY.
STEEPLECHASE AND COLTS' GREAT
TRIAL STAKES, $2500 ADDED.
NEXT.' W'EEK— SEVERAL . BIG EVENTS.
' : »i First - Race Daily at 2:10" p. m. • • ,
Trains from Third • and Townsend streets— 7,
9.30, 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, 1, 1:30, 2 p. ,m.
Returning:, leave track at (:lo and thereafter
at short' Intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and. escorts. ;
ADMISSION (INCLUDING .R. R. FARE), '» 25.
•' r ' . ' E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGSLES ys. SAN FBANCISCa
TO-DAY AT 3 P.M.
TO-MORROW AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
.. ¦'¦¦..' Eighth : and Harrison streets. - ¦..
GtiriStiaiLScience,
Dr. Al A. Sulcer, C. S. B., of Riverside, Cal.,
a t member of the Christian • Science Board of
Lectureship '* of the ¦ First •.. Church ? of . Christ,
Scientist,'-. In -> Boston, .'Mass., will lecture - in
Metropolitan > Temple : Sunday afternoon.. April
14,' at- 8: o'clock/' on "Christian '.Science, Ap-
plied.": - The admission Is free j and the ' public
is cordially Invited.
• THE BIO EVENT..
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY. NIGHT,
1 ONE WEEK-MAT. . SATURDAY.
NEIL BURGESS,
(HIMSELF) AS
ARIRAI1 PR IP •> » is: GREAT BIG
ADIUHIL rnUC PRODUCTION OP
THE COUNTY FAiR
THK MO3T ELAHOUATE PRODUCTION
EVER O1VEN THE FAMOUS PLAT.
O Tboronghbrti Baotaomt monnt«l \j aa m»ay Q
U J*y'J clli J 0;k e f • rannlag ft <aaa J
w at ttrrifla ipasfl. w
: :.'•; •* SEATS NOW SELLING.
+ EVENING 28c, 33c. 60c. 75e, $100.
MATINEE tSc, SOc, T5c
Xe:tt-Ch*S. H. Yale's "THE EVIL. ETE."
GlHtJTES_AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAYjJhe Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK
y . AND
Qennins Pictures of the Qans-
McOoyern Fight.
Telephone' for Seats— Park 23.
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
—OF THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW IN PROGRESS , .
IN THE ART GALLERY
MECHANICS' F ~PAVILION.
TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
ODen Afternoons and Evenings.
Admission, 25c. Season Tickets, $1 50. Chil-
dren, 10c.
PTCPHFRN CONCERT HOUSE.
riaUHfin O Admission 10c.
Damery and Bancroft, Laura Lopez. Jack
Eymonds. Agnes Fried. Tom Mack. Moll and
Karl, Lqpta- Howard and Melville Coakley.
Reserved seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
UPALACE HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco -who mako j
their headquarters at these hotels en- :
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attacnes and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
j^GRAND HOTEL**
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
*-* great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
L.V. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:OOp 4:20 p
Ar. Stocktcn.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
"Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford... 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
. ",. Vlsalia .: 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4$ a _.
"Tulare ... 4:27 p -4:27 p 5:05 a
'• Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2;41 a 7:30 a
'* Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chlcaeo. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clas*
tickets are honored : on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:C5 a. m. dally.
S:bO p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair' Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:35 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦._ "
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto FJprry.
V 4 - Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. AXj^*
WEEK DAYS-«:55. *9:15, 11:00 a. m.. «1:45,
3:15. 4:00 5:15, •6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-»8:00. •10:00, »11:M a. m., 1:15.
3:15, »4:45, -6:30, 9:00 p. m. /
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DATS— 6:20,. »6:30, 7:45, 9:30 a. m.,
\12:3O 1:43, *3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
\EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *8:00. «10:00, "11:45 a. m..
•1:40 *2:15. 4:45. •-•6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, .7:65, 9:30 a. rn..
12-35. 2:10. 3:30, 4:54, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20- p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. rn., 12:05, 2:15. 3:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. *^ novGH trains ..
6:55 a, m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. -_ ¦-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. . ¦ ' ," ,
8 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions^ r - - -' ' ' >
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sanialito Firry— Foot of Market St
9:15 A.M.") ¦- xinrirtz TJAV« f 3Mr.M.
1:45 r. X. Y WEEK DAYS .._ J 6;25 p>
4:00p. m. ; Stay over nigh tat the tavehin (10:35 a. u.
8S0A.SI.1 f 1.-00P.M.
1:15 p.m.) - I 5:35P.M.
l-'are. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., <t Sansalito Ferry. I
Just a little better
than any other train
—a little better ser-
vice — a more home-
like feeling on the
California
Limited
than you find else-
where, and It runs
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO «<¦¦. ¦'
OiOO a.m lMo[Tn IWelThlFriiSaU Su
ARRTVES AT CHICAGO
2:13 p.m |Tb |Fn|SAtlSalMo|Ta (W*
75 hours to Chicago
| Santa Fe.
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
Trains l«n«* i*n«l i%r«. «•-• «o Mrrt«* ••
MAN fU*MIV«.
(Main Une, Foo» ot Mm k«t Strut.) *
ti*Ti — Fhom Ariui. IX 1W1. — ' Aimw
llSOABenloU. Butenn, Elmlr*. V»cmtUI«,
Kuiwi »qU M»er»m«uti> ?i33p
?i8«a D»tU. Woodl«nd. KnlchU LuuUor,
Utfiifllle. Orotlll 7i33p
7i30a AtUnlla KxprtM-Or)«ii M<1 EmI lJi"J5f
SiOO* M»tllii«t.S*u U*mou.V»lleJo. JJ»p».
C»ll«t<t» »ud 8»ot» Ituu I|U(
SiOOa LiTartaor*, Stockton. H»ufotJ. Tim*
11*. Forwrrillu 4iM*t
ii«»A Kllfd, Uthrop, Meicrvl, Ynno, D*.
ktnOtttd 4i33r
• iJOAShuuKxpreM-D*^ Williams (for .. ju : .3
lUrUett SprionX WUlowi, Bad
Blutf. PortUi.it TtS3r
• iUOa S>u Joi«. Lltetnioto. Stockton.
Ion*. Hwruieito. FUectTiUe,
M.rriilllo. Chlco, Ue<I HIiitT 4.3-V
HtB0*O*kd»le,ChlnfM, SoDon,CMt«ri... 4i33p
•tttO* Uaywarda. MUa and Way SUtloiu. 1 IsSOa
UiOOa Lob Ancelea Expreaa — Marttues,
Tr»o/. Lstbrop. (Stockton. MotoeU
Frmua aud Loa Angolee 7iS3«,
•ilO* Vallrj.i. MartluM ami War Station* Oi.iSr
ltfjOttA The Oterland IJmited-Ogden. Dea-
» W, Oinah*. Chloago <:A3p
4liO«pSaerain«ntoKlterMi.mni«n f^iOii^
8>3»p Haywanin. Nllea »u<l Way SUttona. T:53p
S>S«r Fort Coat*. Martinez. Byron, Stock-
ton. LoUl 10.33a
4i«0rBrnic!», Winters, fcacranienlo,
Wooilland, Knliihta Landing.
M.rysTille, Orufllle 10:33a
4i«Or Martluex. Han lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa. <.'i4.II«togit. Haiitu Koaa »i«5x
4»00r Nl'ea, U»ermoro, Stockton, Lodi,
Merced, Fresno. " 7:25?
4i3orH«jmrds,mies S»n Jose, Llwnnore \3:H5a
StOOr The O«l Umltfld-Tracy. Stockton,
Treiao, BakenSeld. Hangua for
Banta Barbara. Loa Angeles ...... SiKS*.
¦t*«p Baywarda, Nile* and Ban Joae 7i39*
fOiOOr Vallejo HtUSt
Cittttr Oriental Hall— Ogden, Obejenoo,
Omaha, Chlc»g-» '. 13:S3r
•i«Op Orloutal Mail— Ogdon, Denier,
Omaba. Chioaso. 4:23?
7iO«r Oregon and California IC»pr»«». Hao-
rameuto. M»ry«»UIe, Ke<l<lliig,
Portlaml. Piiget Hound and Kuk 8>S3a
SiOSrSkn Pablo, Port Coat*, M»rtin«
and W»f Htttious 11:55a
tWrOgp Tallwlw 7s33p
COAST L.1NE (Narroi* UauKe).
(Foot ot lUrktt Street.)
J7 1 *i A Bant* Oraz Excursion to Hwta Cruz
Mid Principal Way Stations {9:05j>
8il»*Newark.t;BntBr»Ill^.riaii.loae, Ffltoii,
Boulder Creek. Santa Orux and Way
HUtluna 3i3i>r
f8i 1 3p Newark, Centerftllo. San Joia, New
AlmaiieD, Felton. llonMer Creek.
Santa C'ru* and Principal Wa?
Stations flOi»«»A
4tlSp Newark. San Joie. I.og Gatos { jiillaoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fross SU flUfllSCO— fiot «r UuUl Strut (Slip I)— . -
! t7:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3;03 B:13rM.
rrtaOltURB— f««» •( BtM^wij.— t«:0O t»;00 t3:0S
10:00. .a. 13:00 8:00 «:03r.M.
COAST LINE (Broi.1 O«n,re).
(Thlr.l m.d Towmend Sto)
a> I Oa South Man Vranciacn. Palo Alto.... U::k»p
! »7i»»i Nt.i Jnuotil W»|StaM.iiw........ »=-«"??
/7»«i>» N«w Almaden «... / l:3O]
)7i1Sa Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
HanU Crnz. Pidflo Groro and
Principal Way Stations tS:30i
8:00a Coast Llue Limited, San Jot*, Gllror.
* Salinas. Faao Koblas. San Luis
ObUpo, Lompoc, baata Barbara^
Loa Angeles 10:*Z.r
¦ iOOa H»» Joie. Trea Pliioa, BauU Ornx,
Pftdilc (2ro«e, Sallnis. San Lull
Obispo and Principal iutensedUta
HtuMiMia. 4:10p
1Oi8»a San Joae and Way Stations. 7>3»p
I lta«A ban Juae ami Way Sutlnna 5>aor
fit-IApSan Matro, ICedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara, San Joie,
Tres Pino*. Santa Cruz, Sallnu,
Monterey and Paclflo GroT »l»il.1%
f*>a«r San Joae ami Way SUttotts «:»<»*,
ff si n> Ban Josean.l Principal Way Stattona Ui IS*
(p4r43p Sanget Limited— El Paso, New Or-
leans aod Eait «10:lSi
t5:00r San Joie, Los Gatos and Principal
Way .Stations *0l«3*
StSOp 8an Joss and Prtneinal WayStattona SiSOa
At:tor 8»n Joae and Way Stations.... fS:UUA
7:OOp New Orleans Exprens. San Jose,
Sant% Barbara, Los Angeles, Dnn>
Ins. El Pun, New Orleans and Eist 7:00 a
7i0Op Del Monte, Monterey. Padflo Grofe,
Lompoc :.,.'. IAi43p
alli4Sp San Joseand Way Stations 7t3Ur
¦ A for Morntnc. P for Afternoon,
t Hnndar exeepted. t Sunday only.
f Wedoesda ji / Taesdayi and Fridays.
Jt Sqn<l»i», Q Saturday only.
CALIFORM RORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Franclaco to Sam Rafael. ;'.r".
TIBUKON FKRRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAY&-7:30. 9:00. U:00 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30. -
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday»-E»tra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:80. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
8am Rafael to 8«m Franelao*.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:3a
and 6:35 p. m. * ._
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule aa above.
Leave .1 In Effect I Arrive
gan Francisco, [Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Frane^-co.^
Week I San- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Degtlnatlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm t:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pnx
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton.
GeyaervUIe.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 ami- ¦ I Hopland j !
( 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am.
8:00 am Guernevtlle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . ( 8,-a pm
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 1 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Sllen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm( SebastopoL | 7:35 pmt 6:22 pnx
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggrs SDrings; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for ' Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda. Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter .
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerleys. BuckneU's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, WestDort. UaaJ,
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cumrotngs, Bell's Springs,
Harris, CHsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st., Chronicle bulld-
lnr. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manarer.
_ \
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL a^Jffl 629 SSARST ST. Established
SFT^^Sl 1 " » 8S4 for the treatment of Private
JSLLSt4Sj Diseases. I-o»t Manhood. Debility or
KSr32£l££m<liM>a.'if> wearies body and mind and
2%SSM»j| slcln Diseases. The Doctor cures when
fail. Try him. t^harges low.
in»rai»twJ. Call or write.
Dr. JT. i\ «I BBOS, bau Francisco, CaJ. _
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&*~?zg£*£
Very small and as easy
. to take as sugar. ¦ V:*
bLL CARTERS FOR D1IZINESS. * LL
GENUINE S!Vf E R ™Khd^ GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR MJ2m for sallow skim. WRAPPER
WHArmtt i^^il I FOR THE COMPLEXION ""^^^^n
"FK.lisTTEID O1X TZEZD PAPER."
EATLWAY TSAVEL.
TT0UR CHILD
-** should have
warm drink
—
Hot mush for breakfast, with
cold -water as a beverage, is In-
jurious. The change from hot to
cold is too sudden. A cup of
"Figprune Cereal"
with each meal is beneficial. Chil-
dren thrive on 1L -
Fig^rune consists of 54 per cent
fruit and 46 per cent grain. Makes
a highly nutritious and pleasant
table beverag-e for both bis and
little folks. ;?:.:;/
ALL. GROCERS SELL. IT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
I fr< i—^ — v-A satisfactory
I *9j|iPlipil Standard Shirts are as good as the best
| of made-to order-shirts. . '
I There isnt a sklm P in the making of a
I Standard Shirt from the day the cotton -
I leaves the field t0 the t 11116 wh^ n the S . hirt r<
I ' BOwiiiiffi k br . ande^ and :.
I *vgStff$g£t^^ , Tn e fabrics are right, the cutting is
1 illis PHH ' I r ' gJlt ' e st i tc hi n S * s ri e nt > 6 laundry-
1 wIMIilif : ' n S ' s r 'ght, the styles are right, the whole :
!• lllll^iliii ¦ leading furnishing and 1 dry goods
a "^^'1^^ ' Neustadter Bros., Mfgrs., S. F.NEWLY ELECTED OFFICERS O:
THE KNIGHTS AND LADIES O:
THE MACCABEES.
Charles Cohen, the 18.-year-old boy.who
was arrested in Sacramento on a charge
of grand larceny on complaint of his un
cle, . I. Herzberg, a' stock broker on Pine
street, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. The Judge had to dismiss the
charge, but informed Herzberg that if he
would swear to a warrant for embezzle
ment he weuld sign it. Herzberg declined
to proceed further against the boy. Cohen
cashed checks for $483 and spent most of
the money in buying expensive clothes in
Sacramento. .. • •
Cohen Escapes Punishment.
ren, Frederick Esmelton and Emmet
Shackelford.
INFORMATION" AS TO THE
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
Board of Election Commissioners
Specifies Those Who Are Entitled
to Be Registered.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday issued the following- circular
containing information as to the registra
tion of voters:
Registration for the primary . election to be
hfld on Tuesday, August 13. 1901. is now open
at. the office of the Registrar of Voters, and
will continue to and Including August 3. 1901.
The following persons are entitled to regis
ter: All persons not registered at the last
election, but who were entitled thereto. All
native male citizens who have arrived at age
elnce the last general election. All native male
citizens not registered who have secured a resi
dence in the State and county since the last
general election. All foreign-born citizens
raturalized within ninety days next preceding
the last general election, and all foreign-born
citizens naturalized since the last general elec
tion and prior to May 15, 1901. All electors who
have changed their residence from another
county in this State to this county since the
last general election and prior to May 15, 1901.-
All persons who were registered, but by mov
ing out of their respective preclnct3 or other
wise have lost their right to vote. All quali
fied electors who wtre registered at the last
general election, or since -that time, and who
will have continued to reside within their re
spective election precincts shall b« entitled to
¦vote without additional registration.
Paving Downtown Blocks.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded the contract for the repavingr of
Sacramento, Clay- and Washington streets
between Montgomery and Sansome to
Flinn & Treacy for 56371. Owing to an
error in the original advertisement, the
board was obliged to readvertlse for bids.
Flinn & Treacy's bid at that time was
$5800, so the error will cost the city $571.
Wu Ting Fang Is becoming contro
versial. - "
LEADING LADY OF THE EAST
LYNNE COMPANY AT THE
. GRAND.
Speculation Is rife in the City -Hall re
garding the successor to Captain < Reddy
as superintendent of the City and County
Almshouse. . No action has yet been taken
by. the. Health Board, but It is said that
W. J. Kelly, who was formerly employed
as clerk, to Health Officer O'Brien, is be
ing seriously considered for the position.
Kelly is a cousin of Mayor Phelan, and
this Is not regarded as a factor that
might militate against his appointment.
Kelly has just returned from a trip Hi
Europe, where he made a special study
of institutions for the care of the sick
poor. It is rumored that should Dr. Suss
dorf be removed from the superintend
ency of the City and County Hospital that
Kelly may be appointed to succeed him
should he not be selected for the Aims
house position. ¦ • ?
• Alfred Clarke, better known as "Nob
by," flled an application with the board
yesterday for the position of Almshouse
superintendent. In his communication he
refers to ex-Chief of Police M. J.. Burke,
P. J. Crowley and I. W. # Lees, under whom
he served for thirty-one . years. ;
for the Place.
Kelly, a Cousin of Mayor Fhelan,
MAYBE STJPEKINTEN3>ENT
OF THE CITY ALMSHOUSE
Health Board Considering "W. j.
ON Monday eveninsr next the regu
lar season at the ? Grand'Opera
house will begin 'with a perform
ance of "East Lvnne." The lead
' - Ing lady of the new stock com
pany is Miss Florence Stone, who will
make her first appearance .. on Monday
evening as Lady' Isabel. Miss Stone is a
charming and talented girl, in personal
appearance bearing a striking resemblance
to Caroline Miskel Hovt. She has had a
fortunate experience so far in. her chosen
profession, having been. leading lady at
Fprepaugh's Theater !n .Philadelphia for
two seasons and also for two seasons at
the PWjicess Theater Iri Toronto.
. The part of Lady Isabel in "East Lynne"
is one^of Miss Stone's favorite roles. Sh? .
will be well supported in the play by tho
new stock company at the Grand Opera
house. John Webster Jr. will be leadinjj
man and others in the cast are Mona Car
rington, Mathilde Choate, Blanche War-
In the evening there was an exemplifi
cation of the ritualistic work' and an ad
journment until April, 19C3. ,
A school of methods was then conducted
by the supreme commander,- who gave a
full explanation of . the manner in which
the -business of the hives, is to be con
ducted.
At the afternoon session ¦ there was a
contest for the office of supreme repre
sentative to the Supreme Hive. There
were two candidates and it was almost
conceded the day beforir that the office
would go to X<ady Eudocia S. Moffat, th«
State commander, but "tne contest showed
a different result, for Ladv Lutetla A.
Bean of Los Angeles was elected.
Captain Seymour sent Detective Crock
ett to the prison to ask the woman if she
had made the exchange, and she admitted
it. She thought as the revolver she had
was practically useless it would be better
for her to have a good one. She had had
the old one in 'her possession for three
year3. She denied that she had any in
tention of killing McDanieis when making
the exchange. Kbe claimed that when she
said she used McDaniels' revolver in kill
ing him at the time she was arrested it
was because she was so excited she did
not know exactly what she was saying.
were the guests of the central committee.
Yesterday morning Samuel Llppman, a
clerk in Abraham J Stern's pawnshop, at
702 Kearny street, identified Mrs. Coarum
at the City Prison as a woman who ex
changed an old revolver for the one- with
which the murder was committed ' on
Tuesday night between 7 and b o'clock.
He told Captain Seymour that the woman
came into the store and offered to trade
an ol<i rutty revolver for a new one. He
made the exchange and Mrs. Coarum paid
$2 50 difference in price. She was not un
der tho influence , of liquor at the time
and seemed cool and collected. | Llppman
said he did not load the revolver for her.
The murder of Charles Daniels, night,
watchman, by Mrs. Catherine Coarum at
her residence, 1133% Clay street, Tuesday
night Is assuming the appearance of hav
ing been , premeditated, notwithstanding
her statements to the contrary. When
she was arrested she. said that she shot
McDaniels with his own revolver, which
he had taken out of his pocket and put on
a table a few minutes before.
Uight of the Shooting by
Mrs. Coarum.
DANTELS' MUBDEB . . '
. , WAS PREMEDITATED
Revolver TJsed "Was Bought on the
Notifies Friends Tnat'ETs Will lave
Here Permanently— Will Kesign
Vies' Presidency t of South- • ;
era. Pacific Company.
?
The Market Street ! Railway Company
held its annual election of officers yester
day, i At the meeting- it was definitely an
nounced that H. E. Huntington had signi
fied his intention of returning: to this city
and that he v/ould devote a great. amount
of his time to the supervision of the Mar
ket-street system. He was accordingly re
elected president of the corporation for
another year by a unanimous vote. *
It was learned yesterday that ¦Hunting
ton will no longer hold the position of first
vice president of the - Southern Pacific
Company and for a number of reasons the
position of vice president of the South
ern Pacific i3 not an enviable one. At a
secret meeting Mr. Huntington declined
the office. ¦ ¦ <
With the return of Mr. Huntinffton to
this city it Is certain that < no radical
changes will be made in the. management
of the Market-street system. Hunting
ton has the reputation of being a conser
vative and ¦ level-headed man. He Is
popular with all the worklngmen and
small wage-earners of the Southern Pa
cific Company on account of his pleasant
manners.
The following were yesterday elected of
ficers of the Market Street Railway Com
pany: President, H. E. Huntington; first
vice president. Charles Holbrook: secorfH
vice president, Alvinza Hayward; treas
urer, N. T. Smith; secretary, George B.
Willcutt. •
In speaking of the election yesterday
Charles Holbrook- said: "We were given
to understand that Mr. Huntington would
be out here in two weeks and that h«
.would reside .here permanently, . so we
elected him president." He is a man who
thoroughly understands the Market Street
Railway management." . .'.. .. ¦ ";
Re-elected Executive Officer
of Market-Street
.Railway. ¦
HUNTINGTON
STILL IN CHARGE
LOTTERY MEN' FIXED— John Stevens
pleaded cuilty in Judge Cabanlss" court yes
teniay to keeping a lottery Place at 116 Sut-
Btxect and was fined $ico. Charles Patterson
¦n-as fined 530 for being a visitor to the sam«
place, which was raided Thursday by Captain
V.'jttman and posse. *»•»*«
PETITIONS XX IX'SOLVEXCT— Petitions In
insolvency were flled yesterday In the United
States District Court as follows: William
htaplef. ship carpenter. Eureka, liabilities
J10U3. no assets; A. C. Bauer, restaurant
keeptr. San Francisco, liabilities S4424 70 as
set* $U9. f '
OWNS SERPEXTTNE AVENUE— In the ac
tion Instituted by Christian Hellwig axaln't
the city and county to quiet title to lands
scheduled on the map as Serpentine avenue
between the east line of Capp street and the
south line of Twenty-rfxth etreet. Judge Sea
well entered Judgment yesterday for the
plaintiff. The city claimed' the lands under
an old prant. but the court held that Hell
wtfB title was valid.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
There trill be another launching at the
Union Iron Works on the 16th lnst. The
Xorth Pacific Coast Railroad Company's
new steamer Tamaioals is now nearine
completion and at 9:45 a. m. next Tuesday
Fhe will be christened bv Miss Marguerite!
Woe. The new boat will replace the old
Jamalpais that ran for so many years
between San Francisco and Sausalito
The new Tamalpais will be a sister ship
Ji tl }5,., S r at^ Fe Company's San. Pablo.
She will be 223 feet long between perpen
diculars and 23o feet over all, 36 feet beam
16 feet 2 inches deep and 1440 tons displace'
jnctit. She will have accommodations for
£29 /passengers and her speed is expected
to be fourteen knots or better.
Mif=s Marguerite Doe is the stepdaugh
ter of J. B. Stetson, president of the North
Pacilic Coast road.
"New Ferry Steamer Tamalpais.
All that Is mortal of the late and much
.respected Captain E. A. Reddy, Superin
tendent of the Almshouse, was borne to
their last resting place from St. Ignatius
Church yesterday. The sad cortege start
ed from the Almshouse tract at half-past
9 o'clock in the forenoon and reached the
church at the hour set for the commence
ment of the service. The body was met
at the door of the sanctuarv by Rev.
Father Martin P. Rj-an, a personal friend
of the dead. Father Ryan celebrated a
requiem mass over the body, after which
the procession reformed and proceeded to
Mount Calvary Cemetery. The pall-bear
ers, who were city officials headed by the
Mayor, were: Board of Health, Drs. John
M. Williamson. Vincent P. Buckley R.
W. Baum. William D. McCarthy 'and
Chief of Police Sullivan. Dr. Louis Bazet
Dr. A. P. O'Brien, the Health Officer and
Dr. Gustave E. Sussdorff. Superintendent
of the County Hospital.
Captain Reddy Laid to Rsst.
Edward Miller, Alias Aldridge, a
Daring- Boom Thief, Placed
Under Arrest.
Edward Miller, alias Aldrldge. was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
I>etectives Dinan. Wren and Coleman on
a charjre of burglary. He is supposed to
be the man who has been stealing Jew
elry and other articles from rooms in the
Sutherland House. Browning House and
Renton House.
Wednesday night he entered the lodg
ing-house at 10S Geary street kept by Mrs.
Margaret Williams. She happened to go
into a room and discovered him going
through the bureau drawers. $
"What are you doing there?" she asked
"You fool." replied Miller, "don't you
know your own roomers?"
"You stay where you are," retorted Mrs.
\\ imams, "and I will get a. policeman." .
Miller rushed at her and threw her to
the floor, making his escape. Mrs. Wil
liams notified the police and yesterday
morning the detectives arrested Miller and
recovered a i>ortlon of the property he
had stolen there and at the other places.
Mrs. Williams positively identified him in
the City Prison.
Within a year Miller has been arrested
three times, twice for grand larceny and
once for burglary, but each time the
charges were reduced to petty larceny In
the Police courts and he got off with light
sentences.
LANDLADY ATTACKED
BY A BOLD BURGLAR
THE Knights of the Maccabees heM
their State convention in Pioneer
Hall yesterday. Supreme Record
Keeper Siegle ' presiding. Fol
lowing were elected State officers:
' S. W. Hall, State commander: S.
JW. Chase, lieutenant commander^ R- B.
! Stickner. record keeper; W. L. Harvey,
chaplain; Dr. 'Malaby. physician: M. T.-
Healey, master at arms; J. ' L. Reynolds
of San Bernardino, master of the guards;
S. B. Tichnor, sergeant; W. L. Rhodes,
sentinel; George V-. Leroy, supreme repre
sentative from Northern California to the
"National Review; and C. J. Walters of Los
Angeles, supreme representative from
Southern California to the National Re
view.
The report of the - State commander
showed that at the previous sessions the
membership in California-was 4051; that,
on the 1st of last January it-was 6811, and
that in two vears there had been a. net in
crease of 276L In 1828 the State was third
in the matter of increase, while this year
It is second, being led by Ontario by only
seventeen members. In the past two years
no new tents were organized, as the work
At the second session of the Ladles of
the Maccabees yesterday, the reports of
the delegates as to the condition of thetr
respective hives were received. This wa£
followed by the answering of questions;
placed in the question box by delegates
who, desired to be informed as, to the ef
fect of certain portions of the constitution
and by-laws. These were answered by
Supreme Commander Lady Hollister.
During recess the delesrate3 and officers
Ladies of the Maccabees.
During the evening Dr. John Leland
Jones of San Diego, State physician of
the order, was serenaded at his temporary
residence on Glen Park avenue.
Last evening nearly 300 Maccabees, in
addition ¦ to the delegates, witnessed ! the
contest between the degree teams of Gold
en West and Oakland Tents in the exem
plification of the ritualistic work. The
victory was for Golden, West Tent by 88^
points to 82i£. ' .
The subject of havinjr a Great Tent in
California was discussed. It was decided
to obtain the views of the different tents
on the subject; . _
After routine business a recess was
taken until this morninp. ; ¦
The State commander" suggested that
tents all hold weekly meetings; that each
procure regalia to do the work in the am
plified form and that the uniform rank
be established. - • ¦ '¦¦ -
May Establish Uniform Rank.
was devoted to building up those in exist
ence. The total membership of the order
is 237,699, with cash on hand of $1,250,000.
All is in readiness for the garden party
which is to be given to-day at Fort
Mason under the auspices f of the Channing
Auxiliary. No expense or trouble has been
spared in preparing an interesting pro
gramme, many of the features of which
tire both novel and unique. In the pic
tures-que valley in which the annual fete,
will take place will be acted the noted
Swiss play "Todel," in costume, accom
panied by the national melodies of the Al
pine country. A Chinese teahouse,
equipped with all the fantastic ornaments
of Its Oriental original, where the weary
picnickers may go and partake of refresh
ments, will be represented.
A Japanese opera in pantomime by
Japanese players in costume will be one
of the special features of the day. Me
dieval trumpeters, like the heralds who
summoned the knights to combat in the
lists in the time of chivalry, will announce
the events of the day and the changes in
the programme. A military band will
furnish the music for "the dancing, for
which a large platform has been con
structed.
Conveyances have been secured to carry
the picnickers from Bay street to the j
grounds. This street may be reached on
the Union-street cats. Tickets may be '
secured from the following lafiies: Mrs. !
O. E. Wood. Ocidental Hotel: Mrs. Brad
ford Leavitt, 3216 Jackson street; Miss
Dunham, 2600 Jackson street: Miss Lowry,
MS Van Ness avenue; Mrs. Horace Wilson,
3330 Washington street; Mrs. Henry L. ¦
Van Wyck. 2424 Steiner street; Miss K.
Beaver. 1300 Taylor street. •
Principal Attractions.
Chinese Teahouse Arranged in Fan
tastic Style Will Be One of the
GARDEN PARTY PROMISES
MANY UNIQUE FEATURES
UnCer.the new law .of the State. .these
policemen can arrest passengers who raise
disturbances on the train at any point. In
the past the railroad companies were
handicapped on account of having to call
in a deputy sheriff or constable for the
particular county through which the train
happened to be running. The men . who
have been selected are all big, strong and
level-headed, and they have been chosen
on account of their iitness for the duty
devolving upon them.
Following' are the railroad ljoliee who
•wore sworn fn vesterday: c. D. ! Mc-
QuaiiJe, Richard Rothe, J. A. Butler, P.
H. Maloney, Benjamin F. True," P. J.
Kindcrlin. Thomas H. Brown, Thomas
Madden, William Clarkson. Horace Coch
ran, John llahoney, Peter Lewiin, P,llc-
Elligott. Alexander Crow, Walter Benson,
Timothy Duane. J. P. Norris, T. W. Nor
ris. Timothy Murphy and J. W. Greenlee.
These officers will be under command
of C. C. Crowley, special agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
The company received yesterday twen
ty-four appointments from Governor Gags
and the men Immediately took the oaths
of office. The men will be known as
"railroad police" and will work at their
respective positions around the railroad
buildups en week days and on Sundays,
dressed in blue uniforms and with stars
pinned to their breasts, they will travel
on ell picnic and excursion trains arid pre
eerve order.
In future the Southern Pacific Company
¦will have Its own special officers traveling
en all picnic trains to keep the rough ele
ment under subjection. This Is In pursu
ance of a law passed at the last Legisla
ture. -
Twenty-Four Husky Young Employes
"Will Keep Peace on Excursion
• • Trains and Restrain
Bough Element.
Southern Pacific Company
Takes Advantage of
New State Law.
STARS TO SHINE
ON RAILROAD MEN
Miss Florence Stone, Booked as Leading Lady,
Will Take the Part of Lady Isabel.
0PERA H0USE SEASON TO
OPEN WITH "EAST LYNNE"
PHILBROOK CONTINUES
EXATVU-NIJTO "WITNESSES
CHICO MARSHAL
WANTS TROPHIES
Refuses to Deliver pols
Pound in Possession of
Cracksmen. \
Stolen From Finns in This Cltjl and
the Owners Ar9 Dsterminei
to Regain Possession
.•-*¦-¦'-¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ \
Captain Seymour, the Brooks-Follls
Company and the Pacific Tool Company
are wroth at Marshal Chubbuck of Chico
and It is probable that . the Marshal may
find himself in serious trouble unless he
divests himself of the idea that to the
victor belongs the spoils.
Several months ago two safecrackers —
Charles Tessier and -William French — who
had been operating In this city and had
attempted to blow open tUe safes In the
offices of the Brooks-Follis Company and
the Pacific Tool Company, and. failing,
had stolen a number of valuable tools,
were arrested in Chlco for safecracking.
tried and convicted. The tools stolen from
the two firms here were found in their
possession and since their trial and sen
tence Captain Seymour has written sev
eral times to the Marshai for the return
of the stolen tools, which are valued at
$300. ¦ ' V--V.
Marshal Chubbuck has studiously avoid
ed replying to these letters and finally th«
Captain wrote to District Attornev J. D.
Sproul. He received the followlnz reply
yesterday: >:- v
OROVILLE. Cal.. April 10. 1901.
Captain John K. Seymour. San Francisco,
CaL — Dear Sir: I am In receipt of your sev
eral letters In regard to the kit of tools taken
by Marshal Chubbuck from French and Tes
sier. The Marshal has them in his possession,
and he seems to think that the tools belong
to French and Tessier. and. If so. he has as
good a right to them as anybody. "Of course,
this matter !a of no personal interest to me.
I have never advised Mr. Chubbuck as to wbat
to do with them. I have shown him your let
ters, but as you write, he does not seem - to
pay much attention to them. I know of no
way that the owners can recover them if ha
is not disposed to give them up. except by
an action in replevin, or to sue him for the
value of them. I don't think that he holds
them for their commercial value at all, but
belnp a young officer was rather proud of his
capture and successful conviction, and 'wants
to keep them more as trophies than anything:
else. Yours truly. . JO. IX SPROUI*
District Attorney of Butte County.
By the same reasoning. If a detective
captures a burglar with several diamond*
in his possession he . can claim them as
trophies of his capture.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTJKDAY, APRIL 13, 190
a Bad Husband.
Fred Jjeidlin, a woodturner, was sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail
by Judge Mogan yesterday on the charge
of failure to provide for his minor chil
dren. Neldlin's wife lives at 865 Mission,
street and supports herself and youngest
child- by needlework. The two older boys
have been in the Youths' Directory. Mrs.
Neidlln testified that in Sacramento Neid
lin beat her and threatened to kill her
and was .held in $2000 bonds. He went to
Oregon and returned. On another occa
sion he was ordered to pay her $35 per
month alimony, but h© again 'fled to Ore
gon.- Later he was arrested for failure to
provide and convicted by Judge Conlan.
He promised to pay for the children's sup
port, but again fled. He had threatened
to kill her and kidnap the children as
soon as he was at liberty.
Philbrook finally took the stand and
gave a detailed statement as to hi3 ac
quaintanceship and relations with Van R.
Paterson. A continuance until Monday
was then taken.
Philbrook occupied the morning session
reading the record of the disbarment pro
ceeding against him. At the opening of
the afternoon session Supreme* Court
Clerk George "YV. Root was called "to
prove that he had shown his prejudice
against Philbrook by placing the entry of
the disbarment proceeding among tho
criminal records." Judge Murasky held
that the matter was immaterial and Root
left the stand. Robert Y. Hayne, T. E.
Harris and "William H. MHI3 were called,
but could throw no light upon nor furnish
any proof in support of Philbrook's con
spiracy charge.
The trial of the action Instituted by
Horace TV. Philbrook against Van R. Pat
erson proceeded before Judge Murasky
yesterday. No evidence of importance was
produced by the plaintiff. . .
Until Monday.
After an Unfruitful Day Judge Mur*
asky Orders a Continuance
KNIGHTS OF MACCABEES
INCREASE IN NUMBERS
Flattering Reports Are Presented at Annual
fleeting 1 — State Officers Elected.
8TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
The Twentieth Century.
- The twentieth century, .began .'January 1st.
lfOl, and -will end' with 2000. People .'did not
regin to reckon time- from A. D. ' 1,. but jyaited
vntll - about .the 550th .year of the : Christian
era." 'People -who begin to 'take the "great health
restorative, Hostetter"s Stomach Bitters, Imme
diately.; after "the 'first outbreak of dyspepsia,
malaria,: ¦ rheumatism,. ; constipation, nervous
ness of kidney trouble will,' date their cure \m
a-.edlately'froni. then. •- '¦"¦ ' • '¦•:*¦. '¦ ¦'¦ :- '¦¦-¦'.
The firsf street Iighting4ri this country
was done in New, York in'1697. > ' " '
Fight in Fashionable Hotel.
Smith, who is employed In the
Hotel; :Montrose,::Van Ness avenue and
Geary street, • swoVe ; to .a complaint > In
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday ' for the
arrest of John Doe, .cook .'at, the" hotel," on
a charge of battery. Thursday morning
while' Smith wns eating his breakfast in
the kitchen the cook took : a handful of
rice out of a 'pot in which it had been
cooked and put It on Smith's plate. Smith
Objected to that mode of serving rice, and
the cook . grabbed the' plate and - struck
Smith on. the jaw with it. knocking him
out *v •'•".-.- ¦¦'¦:.'¦- •- " -
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Nav Co.
Nor stmr Titanla. Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sora.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. • . . ¦ ¦
Br ship Eulomene, Zeal, Queenstown; G W
McNear. . * . •
Br ship Drummulr, Armstrong, Port Town
send ; Western Commercial Co. ¦ )
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu; Alex
ander *& Baldwin. .
Bktn . City of Papeete, Ipsen, codfishing;
Alaska Codfish Co.
Bktn Bering, Bitte, Petropaulevskl ; Roth,
Blum & Co.
Schr =¦ -Aloha, Fry, - Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond & Co. - - ¦¦. . . :>-. >.
SAILED.
-; '¦ Friday, April' 13.
Etmr Kvlchak, Nelson, Santa Crux! : '
Stmr • Corona. Gielow, San Pedro. • -
Stmr Lakme, Odland, Seattle and Vancouver.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland,: Santa Cruz. ,
Stmr Navarro, Hansen, . -.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, .
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanaimo. i
Schr C S Holmes, Thompson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Oceania Vance, Burke, Port Hadlock.
Schr Mary C Russ. Wikender. Coor Bay. -
Schr Eliza Miller, Brummer, Coos Bay.
Bchr Ottlllie Fjord, Bosch, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
April 10. lat 50 N. Ion 15 ,W— Br ship Ard
namurchan, from Victoria, for Liverpool. - !
Feb 5, lat 7 S, Ion 21 W— Br ship Laurlston,'
hence Nov 9, for Queenstown. ;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT vLOBOS, April 12, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour..
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 12— Ger ship Fer
nand . Fischer, for Queenstown; bark Harrv
Morde, for Bristol Bay. . .
SEATTLE— Arrived • Ar>ril 11— Stmr ¦ Tyonlc,'
hence April 4; stmr Senator, from Dyea. : April
12— Stmr ' Victorian, from • Dyea. : ¦ • ;.
Sailed ADril 11— Stmr Bertha, for Valdez;
stmr Hyades, for Oyster Harbor.: ADril 12
Stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco; Btmr Ty
onic, for Bristol Bay. i : •
Arrived ADril : 12— Stmr Dlrigo, from Dyea*
Btmr Rainier, hence April S. - - ¦
NBAH BAT— Passed out April 12— Stmr
Mackinaw, from Seattle, for San Francisco;
Bchr John D Tallant,. for Guayaquil; Br ship
Carradale, for Queenstown; schr Endeavor, for'
San Francisco; ¦ Br • ship Sierra : Corodva, for
Bristol. -¦'• ¦-.••¦•
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived April 11— Bktn J
M Griffith, from Mollendo. ., . -' ¦
EUREKA — Arrived April 12— Stmr Noyo,"
hence April 10. - - . • ¦
VENTURA— Sailed April 11— Stmr W H Kru-
C«r, ' for ' San ¦- Francisco. <.¦:¦¦. ,. . •
¦ Sailed Asrtl ,13— Stmr ; <3«o , Loomls. 'tor- San
Francisco. ¦; ' ¦ ¦ ¦ <^
COOS BAY— Sailed "April ; 11— Stmr • Empire,' ¦
' NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as : to time of
day;- the third time column gives the last tide
of the- day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey 'charts, except ••, when a
minus (—) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the ¦ charts. - The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U.- S. :N.,':Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, - Cal.,
¦April 12, 1901.. , . - - ; .. t
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped : at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.", at noon of . the 120th : meridian, - or at 8
o'clock p. m.,> Greenwich time. - .•
-., ' C.G. CALKINS,.,"
Lieutenant Commander, Uv S. . N., In charge.'
AS an attraction the Industrial Arts
Exposition in the art. gallery of
the Mechanics' Pavilion is grow
ing in favor; as a financial ven-
- "yture it is proving a' great suc
cess, and as a source of entertainment
it is equaling in value its worth as a proof
of the versatility of Californian talent and
ingenuity.
There is more to look at along the walls
than can be seen In a full day, and most
of the visitors are taking their time to
inspect thoroughly everything there is on
exhibition, but every afternoon and every
evening the programmes change,* and
there is as much Native talent shown in
them as there is represented in the art
objects on show. Each day is under the
especial charge of some member of the
California Cluo, who is responsible for the
care r.nd entertainment of the day's visit
ors. Yesterday Mrs. W. S. Leake was in
charge; to-day Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall
will direct the proceedings. •."¦
.Yesterday alternoon the .: programme
contained three numbers of more than
usual interest, end all the more valuable
from being practically impromptu. Three
choruses of school children sang and gave
an exhibition of how music is being taught
In the classrooms. The children were of
all ages, but (hey, sang with a freedom
and certainty that would teach self-pos
session to many of their ciders..
The first exhibition was by the children
of the fourth grades of the Moulder
School. The tchool Is on the corner of
Page and Gough streets, and the children
were marched from their classrooms to
the Pavilion and on to the stage with no
more preparation than time to put on
their hats. They were directed by Miss
Estelle Carpenter, supervising Instructor
of music in the city school department.
They were Very small but very bright, and
their childish voices, blending sweetly in
songs that everybody knew, touched the
Asylum., was ran over by a truck on the
water front yesterday and had four ribs
broken. He was taken with a fainting
spell and fell right in iront of the wagon.
Thomas Assmussen fell down the hold
of the schooner Emily F. Whitney at Oak
land yesterday and severely injured his
hip. He was brought across the bay and
his injuries were attended to at the Har
bor Hospital.
ITEWS OF -THE OCEAH.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
i Shipping Merchants. ;"•_-;;' •
The Antonietta will load lumber at Port
Blakeley for Valparaiso on owners' account;
chartered prior to arrival. '
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Bulomene cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 89.46S ctls
wheat, valued at $90,600, and 23,000 feet lumber
as dunnaze, valued at $345.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo* previously reported the
steamer City of Sydney, which sailed Thurs
day for Panama and way ports, carried the
following merchandise for Central America,
valued at $J92>:
20' tons coal, 8 cs oil, 60 kegs nails, 69 bdls
Iron. 18 pk£s car material, 18,350 feet lumber,
49 bales domest4cs, 1200 cs petroleum, 3 cs
electrical supplies, 4 cs ammunition.
Shipping Intelligence.
. * ARRIVED.
Friday. April 12.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng/82 hours from Ta
corna.
Stmr Czarina. Beamau, 9t hours from Ta
coma. ¦ *
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen, 8S hours from
Port Hadloc*. %
Stmr Gr«jc« Dollar, Foeen. 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 82 hours from Co
qutlle River and Crescent City. . -
- Btmr Nome City, Daniels, 42 hours from San
Stmr Walla. "Walla, Hall, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. . . . ¦
Chil stmr Limari, Roberta. 87 days from
Valparaiso and way ports.
Schr Berwick, ¦ Pearson, 3 days from Coqutlle
, Schr Rio Rey, Miller, 28 hours from Mendo
cino.
• ¦'¦¦. . - CLEARED. . .
--¦".-. ' .-'r.-k ¦¦"¦ "- :.. ' ' Friday,. April 12. ¦*
Bttnr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
hearts of ail who heard. There were near
ly one hundred children on the platform.
Band of Mercy.
Twenty members of the Band of Mercy
from the Humboldt and the Adams
schools, under the leadership of Miss
Katherine Black, Miss Carpenter's assist
ant, sang the second chorus, some verses
set to the music of "Home, Sweet Home."
They .wore the costume of the band, a
white loose dress hanging straight from
the shoulders, with a scarlet collar and
loose flowing sleeves of white with wide
scarlet cuffs, and each wore a bow of
scarlet or of white ribbon in her hair.
They came in singing a march to the
chorus .of . "John Brown," and when they
ranged themselves in order upon the plat
form they made as dainty a picture as the
whole exhibition afforded.
The last chorus was given by the eighth
grade of the Clement Grammar School,
taught by Miss Kate Mandeville and Miss
F. R. Lewis. The children were' older
and sang .as if their work were play. The
choruses were a most pleasing feature of
the afternoon. They were a true exhibi
tion of the practical - work of "the school
room, for the children had had no time to
prepare anything special. Th« system of
tone formation was shown, and to the
gestures of their leaders the children ran
runs and trilled trills and sang chords
and harmonies until every one was de
lighted. It was music of a kind that the
old art gallery of the Pavilion was unused
to, nor has it heard any that was much
more pleasant. The children were all in
vited to remain after their numbers, an
invitation of waich they willingly availed
themselves.
- Miss Bessie Gowan ; gave Rubinstein's
fifth barcarolle on the piano with a bril
liancy that won for her an encore. Mrs.
Sedgely Reynolds sang Schubert's "Wan
derer," and Miss Elsie "Topker gave two
pieces on the guitar, "May Breezes," by
Kreipl-Ferrer, and an encore.
Next in attraction to the programme
was Alexander Robertson, the potter,
Whose deft fingers wrought all manner of
cups and bowls and vases from the whirl-
SATURDAY, APRIL 13.
THE SCHOOLi CHILDREN'S CHOR
US. TWO YOUNG LADIES WHO
WILL SING THIS EVENING.
accompanist, is composed of sixty-five
women. Robert Lloyd is director. The
club's singing was 'a pleasant surprise.
The balance of voices, time, pitch - and
light and ' shade ¦ were excellent.
Miss Grace Freeman rendered a violin
solo, playing "Romance," from the "Sec
ond Concerto," by Wieniawskl, and "Per
petuum Mobile," by- Reis. Miss Martha
Miller gave a reading, - "Song of . the
Violin." ¦ J. G. Fraser sang Millard's
"Waiting" and for an encore "The
Palms." - .
The Treble Clef Club rendered "The
Bridal of the Birds," by Brinley Rich
ards, and "Love's Messengers," by
Charles F. Howell. Miss Mamie C. Bar
rett gave a piano solo, "Nocturne," • by
Sgamb'ati, and Grieg's "Papillon."
• Miss Lotta Musto sang Mariani's "Rl
velavione.'.' The Treble Clef Club's last
number consisted of "No Evil, Shall Be-'
.fall Thee," from the oratorio of "Eli,"
and "The Stars Are Shining in Heaven,"
by Bamberger.'. - "W3 M." Ogilvie T sang
Denza's "A May,Morningt'..and for anen
cora "Sally in Our Alley." -.
. - To-3>ay's Programme.
This afternoon and evening two excel
lent programmes will be given. The en
tertainment will be in charge of. commit
tee B of the California Club. .JThe chair
man, Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall, will- be
assisted by Mrs. J. J. . Scoville, Mrs. <H: -E.
Highton, Mrs. Emil Pohli, Mrs. H-N. Cook,
Mrs. Henry Damkroeger, Mrs.Wlla Sex
ton, Mrs. .Will E. Jackson. Mrs. Jacob
Brandt, Miss Bernice Scoville, Miss Jen
nie A. Long, Miss Emilia Kalisher, Miss
Ida Kervan, Miss Caroline Snook, Miss
Helen Stadtmuller and Miss Lucy Haw
thorne.
Following are the programmes: .
AFTERNOON, '.v:;^
Soprano songs, with violin obligato...'.. ¦
.(a) ! 'Twilight Is Falling 1 ' Streleski
(b) "Jacqueminot" McCoy
Mrs. J. J. Bardellini.
Piano solo, "La Flleuse" :....RofE
Miss Hannibal.'
Violin solo, "Hungarian Fantasia".. Keler Bela
Master Willie Rickey.
Selected tenor songs - ;.. .
• ¦" Algernon Aspland. ' . ¦
Piano solo, '.'Impromptu. In A Flat".;.... Chopin
.,'.:¦ : Miss Hannibal. , . • . •
Soprano songs- :....
Ca) -"Would,- You?" ....'.. McCoy
(b) ¦"Madrigal", ". /. . . ;. :v; : . .:..... Chaminade
Mrs.J. J. Bardellini. . ¦"
Violin solo, "Nocturne".;: :......-...;;..,-. Chopin
: v -Master Willie Rickey. -. . .
Accompanists— Miss Rita- EL. Slater,: Miss
-: ;. ; . Lulu Ayres. ;:'"¦'¦
"::.-' '. evening. ¦¦' . ; .' ;
Overture....!...'.........:...."...'..... Military Band
." ' L. • Kopf. leader. . . ¦
Address, ''The Twentieth Century. Woman"
,:;.' Judge H. E. Highton. •
Songs .....'...r.'....." ..-. ; ;
• &r !£ om i )r ? r , 0^ ;;••• ••••••••••••.••Chamlnade
(b) "Good Night".... ;..... ...Anton Dvorak
Miss Alice Gates..- ,
Popular alre. . . . ; .Military Band
Reading— Selected -
. Miss Gertrude Gates. ¦
During -the evening ..the. famous Japa
nese artist, Ishakawa, will sketch in his
own peculiar style. .- . ¦
for Sari- Francisco: schr Monterey and stmr
Signal, for San .Francisco.
h^e C °^i; A 2 r 6 riye<1; ADr " 12 ~ SChr MarlOn '
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed April I2-Ship C
F Sarsrent,.-for- Honolulu;- schr John D~Tal
lant, for Guayaquil. . - ;- '
./P^'ed- April 12— Bktn ¦ J M Grifflth. from
Mollendo, .wlthmizzenmast gone. . ¦ :• • *
TACOMA— Arrived April . 12— ShlD C F ¦ Sar
cent, from Honolulu. . -'.••'•¦
Sailed April 12— Br stmr Victoria. \ for Japan
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrivea April -12-1
Stmr Greenwood, hence April 7; stmr Zealan
dia, hence April. 11.; • • \> , . . .¦
- . FOREIGN PORTS. ' *'.•• tT&
SANTA-ROSALIA^-Sailed April 4-Schr Ma
weema, . for Port Townsend. ¦ •¦; ¦.-•= ¦ • ¦¦ i .
CARDIFF— Sailed April; 4— Fr bark Duo
d'Aumale, for San Francisco. " •. -¦ . ••-.¦¦
NANAIMO— Sailed April. 11— Nor stmr Kvar
ven, for San Francisco. .:• ¦ .--.¦>¦..¦
MANILA— Sailed April 11— Br stmr .Wyefleld
for~Nas:asaki. ~ • • • > ¦ : ¦ . , . • - *
BROWHEAD— Passed April 11— Br ship Lou
don Hi!),* hence Nov 17, for: Liverpool. . • ¦
DUNGENESS— Passed ADril 11— Ger ¦ ship
Nlxe. . from . Vancouver, for London.
HULI*-Sa!led April 11— Br ship Sir Ribert
Fernle, for San Francisco. ...
NAGASAKI— Sailed ¦- April 8— Ger bark . H
Hackfield, for Orerron. ¦
YOKOHAMA-Sailed April 11— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide, for Tacoma. • , . : l :
PALMOUTH- Arrived ADril U— Ger bark
Olira. from Oregon.
LONDON— Arrived "April 11— Br ship Fiery
Cross, from Cictbrisa: .
IQUIQUE-AArrived— Br stmr Condor, hence
Feb 14. - p i ¦ - ~. • \ : .¦¦:•' •¦ .. ¦ > ¦•
'• OCEAN-STEAMERS. '.
MOVILLE>-^Sailed April 12— Stmr, Anchofia.
from Glasgow. ; for New York. . .
QUEENSTO\\TS T — Sailed April -12— Stmr New
England, from' Liverpool,- for Boston. , "":<-
Arrived -April - 12— Stmr Liicania, from New
Tork, for Liverpool,' and- proceeded. *.
i LIZARD— Passed April .. 12— Stmr Friesland,
from NentweroV for New -York. .
BATOUM— Arrived April 11— Stmr Prinzes
sen Victoria Lulse, ¦ from New . York, , on . Ori
ental cruise. •••'. . '-—•'¦¦>.' = -.-.... . . . ,.
GLASGOW— Arrived ' April- ' 12— Stmr Corean;
from Boston. " ; J ¦¦¦'-.'--.: * .- ;<-.:•?
Sailed -April <12-Stmr ,Laurentian," for New
York; stmr Norwegian,^ for 'Boston. /•
CADIZ— Sailed 'April 9— Stmr .Ammon, froni
Hamburg, :• etc. tor Valparaiso, - etd, and San
Franclfcco.' ; - • - . , --v -- - ¦-<--. ...- ,;,-.i r
. LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 12— Stmr Cymric,
for New .York. ¦ . . . _ - .- •¦¦ ¦ > f •^-, '
Sun,' '.• Moon , and '.Tide.
United States Coast and ¦"¦ Geodetic - Survey—
• Times and- Heights- of ¦-,: High.' and; -Low
.'. Waters - at Fort ¦-¦ Point, ' entrance .; to ¦• San
', v Francisco :¦- Bay.',* Published • by official';.au
.. thorltysof the Superintendent. X-.
--NOTE— The"; high and .low waters ''occur at
the:', city;- front ; (Mission-street ' wharf) ' about
Ing ' clay under his hands. He was sur
rounded by a crowd until the gallery was
closed to prepare for the reception of
evening visitors.
Large Evening Attendance. .
The attendance in the evening- was large
and Interest in all portions of the exhibit
was manifest. The musical programme
was of such uniform excellence that the
attention of a larger part of those present
was claimed by it to such a degree that
during the rendition of the numbers the
exhibits suffered general neglect. # -
*: The programme was/ made • particularly
attractive by the appearance of the Treble
Clef Club, which sang two double num
bers. The club, of which Mrs. Nathan H.
Frank Is president and Mrs. E. Gutterson
The British ship Ardnainurchen has been
heard from. Of all the overdue fleet sho
is the one that ha* kept the underwriters
and gamblers on the tenter hooks. On«
day the^ rate of reinsurance would reach
Co per cent and then all of a sudden it
would tumble to 30 oer cent. At the latter
figure the g-amblers would not do business
and then day by day the rate would creep
up until 65 per cent <vas again reached.
This happened twice and then on the 4th
Inst. the rate again went down to 40 X>er
cent. Thursday It had reached 60 per
cent again and yesterday morning the
r.ows came that the tr.uch Insured vessel
had been epoken off tbo English coast on
the 10th Inst.
The Ardnamurchen left the Fraser
River, British Columbia, on November 26
last for Liverpool with «3,578 cases of sal
mon. Boon after leaving Pueet Sound a
fierce storm came up in which several ves
eels were lost. A quantity of salmon and
wreckage came asho.e on the Oregon
coast and some of the canned goods were
said to have been part cf the Ardnamur
chen's carco. 6teved-»res who helped to
load the vessel were positive that the stuff
that was washed ashore had been stowed
in the lower hold of the ship and that,
therefore, she must bs » total wreck.
The storm In which the Ardnamurchen
•was supposed to have been caught was
central off the Columbia River. The Brit
ish ship Andrada was caught in it and
driven off shore. A Columbia River pilot
was aboard, but neither ship nor pilot
have ever been heard from since. Many
people supposed that the Andrada and
Ardnamurchen had been in collision and
that both vessels had pone to the bottom.
All surmises have proved to be false,
however, and the Ardnamurchen probably
is rjow safe at Liveroool.
The British chip Fiery Cross, which left
Victoria, B. C. on November 3, arrived at
London last Wednesday and she it was
probably that .spoke the Ardnamurchen.
MAIL STEAMSHIP LIMARL
Arrives on Her First Voyage From
South and Central America.
The Comr>ania Bud' Americana de Va
pores Limari arrived from Valparaiso an<l
way ports yesterday. She was built two
years ago In Scotland and this is her first
visit to San Francisco. Captain T. Rob
erts is in command and \V. Cook is chief
officer. David Lumsden is chief and James
Napier first assistant engineer. J. P. Row
land is purser and Dr. Frederico Raveado
eurgeon.
The Limari is a splendidly appointed
vessel and is fitted with all the latest im
provements. She left Mazatlan a day af
ter the Pacific Mail Cumpany's City of
Para and at sundown there •'was still no
«!gn of the latter vessel. The LJmari
brings up considerable general cargo and
the following passengers:
Luis Andres Cordano. Manuel M. de Hurtado,
Charlc-s W. Spear an'] vrlie, Lazaru Dreyfus
OTid wife. Wir.fleld S. Keyes, Frank Rudd and
wife. Miss Mabel Childs. Her.ry de Smith, J.
HaFffrswa and Richard Summer.
Charles W. Spear and his bride are on
their honeymoon. They are on their way
heme to Helena. Mont., after a trip to
New York and thene? down the Atlantic
coast, through the Straits of Magellan
find up the Pacific Coast to San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Dreyfus are on their way
home to France. They are said to be rela
tives of Captain Dreyfus.
Captain Edward Hunter Drowned.
George W. Christy of 421V4 Brannan
Ftreet, shortly after noon yesterday, found
the body of a man floating In the bay near
the hay wharf at the foot of Third street.
On the body were found two letters — one
from W. B. Brafiburv of the Alaska
Packing Company recommending "the
hearer. Captain Edward Hunter," as a
man competent and of ffood -character.
The other letter was from Hunt, Hatch &
Co.. Oakland, agents of the schooner Etta
B. recommending Captain Edward Hunter
of that vessel.
The body had been in the water about
ten days.
Petition for Melanope's Surplus.
P. P.o'and, as administrator of the es
tate of Elma Mabel Taylor, deceased, and
Drnis S. Dimond, administrator of the es
tate of John R. Craipen and of Ernest
Taylor, owners of the British ship Melan
ope. filed a petition yesterday In the
Vnited St?.tes District Court askine for
the $28,000 surplus left in the hands of the
court. The Melanor>e was sold by order
of the court to satisfy the claims of the
creditors, the selling price being $53,900.
After these claims were satisfied there
remained J2S.OO0 which belongs to the for
mer owners of the vessel.
"Water Front Itfotes.
The disabled transport Arab will begin
discharging her carso of hay and grain
into the Thyra to-day. Tbe latter vessel
will not pet away before Tuesday next, so
the Arab's horses will get another day's
rest.
The ownfrs or the Arab will only be paid
charter money up to the day stye broke
down. As soon as she- Is discharged the
rhances are that .he Government will re
lease hsr.
Arch Rock Xo. 2 has been cleared to the
depth of water jeauired by the terms of
the contract. Thursday the Government
engineers took the necessary soundings
sind accepted *he job.
John Conniff. an employe of the Napa
Vessel Seported to Save BeerL"Wreck»d
Off the Columbia River Is
Believed to Be
Safe. v
Overdue British Ship Is
Spoken Off the Coast
of England.
ARDNAMURCHAN
IS HEARD FROM
CHILDISH VOICES BLEND IN
SCHOOLROOM SONG AND CHORUS
¦•-,•¦' * ¦ '-.
Courts. Probably "Will Be Called Upon
to Determine the Status of
$208,500 Collected From
, Taxpayers.
A petition was filed with the Board .of
Supervisors yesterday by A. S.Llllle and
Gteorge W. Hughes asking for the jeturn
of the tax levied last June for the.ial^rest
and j sinking fund accounts ' of theflTOQds
which were to have been issued for park,
school, sewer and hospital purposes;. but
since declared unconstitutional by- the Su
preme Court. The individual amounts -of
taxes paid by the petitioners are not large:
but the total amount involved is $208,500;
which it Is claimed should . never ; .have
been levied until the validity of thebbiid
issues had been established. A similar
petition was filed with the Tax Collector,
and if the Board of Supervisors fail -to
take action the matter will be pressed -to
an Issue in the courts..
Auditor Wells has all along contended
that the levy for the interest and sinking
fund on the bonds should be' transferred
to the surplus fund; •which would be In
creased thereby to $468,500. This sum the
Auditor claims must be used to pay off
the city's old indebtedness and the bal
ance reapportioned among the various
funds of the'next fiscal year. How far
correct this interpretation of the ¦ charter
is will 1 only. be determined by a court de
cision. The petition for the return of the
taxes follows: . .;, .... • ', A
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of
the City' and County of San Francisco — Gen
tlemen: We. hereby petition the refunding of
the tax illegally levied for park, school,' sewer
end hospital bonds paid by us under protest
to the Tax Collector on all property owned by
us In the city and county of San Francisco,
said bonds being declared illegal by the Su
preme Court of the State. Respectfully,
A. S. LILtilE, 1247 Sanchez street.
GEORGE W. HUGHES, 311 Duncan street.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
WANT ILLEGAL
TAX RETURNED
Question Involving Validity
of Levy for Interest
on Bonds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ APRIL 13; 1901.
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para....
W. H. Kruger..
Empire
San Pedro....:.
Tellus.. .........
Bonlta.... ..'....
Crescent City..
Eureka
Arcata .'
Queen
G. W. Elder....
North Fork
Mackinaw
Kvarven
Fulton
Santa Barbara.
Pomona
Doric...:.
Corona..'.: -.
Umatilla....'....
Hyades
Acme
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Australia
Colon
Panama' & "Way Ports. Apr. 13
San Pedro >." '. Apr: 13
Coos Bay Apr. 13
Humboldt /. Apr. 13
Oyster Harbor Apr. 14
Newport Apr. 14
Crescent City Apr. 14
Humboldt ................ Apr.- 14
Coos Bay Apr. 14
San Diego Apr. 14
Portland and Astoria. . Apr. 15
Humboldt .. ...;..... Apr. 15
Seattle' Apr. 15
Xanaimo Apr. 15
Grays Harbor ....|Apr. 15
San Pedro .....|Apr. 18
Humboldt Apr. 16
China and Japan Apr. 18
Newport ..".......•..¦..... Apr. 17
Puget Sound Ports Apr. 17
Oyster Harbor ; Apr. 17
Tillamook Bay Apr. IS
San Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena Apr. 18
Tahiti Apr. 19
Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 19
;eamer.
lest!
nation.
Sails. I Pier.
Czarina.
Coronado
Alliance.:
W. Kruger...
Pentaur
Argo
Pomona..'....".
Columbia....';
Point Arena..
South Coast..
Santa Rosa. . .
Grace Dollar.
Santa Barb...
Empire...".....
Eureka
Nome City..:.
Arcata...
Walla Walla.
Bonlta........
Mandalay.... .
April 13.
Seattle & -Tacoma:
Grays Harbor ....
Ptld & • Coos Bay.
Tillamook Bay ....
Hamburg & Way..
Coquille- River ....
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
April 14.
Humboldt
San Diego ..........
April 15J j
Grays .Harbor .'....
April 1G. -
Humboldt ..V '..
Coos "Bay .• —
Humboldt ..........
Seattle direct
Coos Bay ..
Puget Sound - Ports
Newport '.....'..
Coquille River ....
April 17.
China and Japan..
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney & ! Way Pts
San Diego
April 18.
Seattle. .:.....
Panama & Way...
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..........
Tillamook Bay ... .
April 10.
Newport :..:..
April 2O.
Nome via Seattle.
N. , ; Y. v. ' Panama.
' 5 pin Pier !
5 pm Pier !
9 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier l:
— pm Pier Z
4 pm Pier :
2 pm Pier i
I U am Pier 2-
2 pm Pier - :
10 am Pier ¦ :
9 am Pier l:
12 m Pier !
2 pm Pier '.
12 m Pier 11
9 am Pier 12
4 pm Pier. !
12 m Pier II
11 am Pier i
9 am Pier 11
; Pier :
1 pm PMSS
12 m S.W. !
9 pm Pier t '
9 am Pier 11
....... Pier 5
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 5
Pier 15
9 am Pier 11
.'. Pier-
2 pm Pier If
China.........
LImari
Ventura.
Queen....
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G. W. Elder..
North Fork...
Acme..........
Corona
Jeanle
Leelanaw
Sun rise? .
Sun sets .
Moon', rises
Time
Date
L.W
13*7. 0:30
14 ... ¦ 1:28
15 ... 2:23
16 ... . 3:12
17 ... 3:59
18 ... 4:44
19 ... ,5:31
Ft.
2.6
2.1
1.4
0.8
0.2
-0.3
-0.8
Time '¦' Time
Ft. Ft.
H W Ii \V
6:10 4.7 12:48 . 0.6
7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7
8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9
9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1
10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2
11:30 5.3 . 4:43 1.6
12:27 5.2 5:27hl.9
lYc'o'a
Time
H W
7:49
8:30
9:10
9:45
10:25
11:01
11:411
..5:38
..6:43
.. m.
i ~
Ft. :
5.0
5.3
5.S
5.8
6.1
6.3
6,3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para....
W. H. Kruger..
Empire
San Pedro....:.
Tellus.. .........
Bonlta.... ..'....
Crescent City..
Eureka
Arcata .'
Queen
G. W. Elder....
North Fork
Mackinaw
Kvarven
Fulton
Santa Barbara.
Pomona
Doric...:.
Corona..'.: -.
Umatilla....'....
Hyades
Acme
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Australia
Colon
Panama' & "Way Ports. Apr. 13
San Pedro >." '. Apr: 13
Coos Bay Apr. 13
Humboldt /. Apr. 13
Oyster Harbor Apr. 14
Newport Apr. 14
Crescent City Apr. 14
Humboldt ................ Apr.- 14
Coos Bay Apr. 14
San Diego Apr. 14
Portland and Astoria. . Apr. 15
Humboldt .. ...;..... Apr. 15
Seattle' Apr. 15
Xanaimo Apr. 15
Grays Harbor ....|Apr. 15
San Pedro .....|Apr. 18
Humboldt Apr. 16
China and Japan Apr. 18
Newport ..".......•..¦..... Apr. 17
Puget Sound Ports Apr. 17
Oyster Harbor ; Apr. 17
Tillamook Bay Apr. IS
San Diego Apr. 18
Point Arena Apr. 18
Tahiti Apr. 19
Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Sun rise? .
Sun sets .
Moon', rises
Time
Date
L.W
13*7. 0:30
14 ... ¦ 1:28
15 ... 2:23
16 ... . 3:12
17 ... 3:59
18 ... 4:44
19 ... ,5:31
Ft.
2.6
2.1
1.4
0.8
0.2
-0.3
-0.8
Time '¦' Time
Ft. Ft.
H W Ii \V
6:10 4.7 12:48 . 0.6
7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7
8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9
9:35 5.1 3:20 1.1
10:34 5.3 4:03 1.2
11:30 5.3 . 4:43 1.6
12:27 5.2 5:27hl.9
lYc'o'a
Time
H W
7:49
8:30
9:10
9:45
10:25
11:01
11:411
..5:38
..6:43
.. m.
i ~
Ft. :
5.0
5.3
5.S
5.8
6.1
6.3
6,3
;eamer.
lest!
nation.
Sails. I Pier.
Czarina.
Coronado
Alliance.:
W. Kruger...
Pentaur
Argo
Pomona..'....".
Columbia....';
Point Arena..
South Coast..
Santa Rosa. . .
Grace Dollar.
Santa Barb...
Empire...".....
Eureka
Nome City..:.
Arcata...
Walla Walla.
Bonlta........
Mandalay.... .
April 13.
Seattle & -Tacoma:
Grays Harbor ....
Ptld & • Coos Bay.
Tillamook Bay ....
Hamburg & Way..
Coquille- River ....
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
April 14.
Humboldt
San Diego ..........
April 15J j
Grays .Harbor .'....
April 1G. -
Humboldt ..V '..
Coos "Bay .• —
Humboldt ..........
Seattle direct
Coos Bay ..
Puget Sound - Ports
Newport '.....'..
Coquille River ....
April 17.
China and Japan..
Valparaiso & Way.
Sydney & ! Way Pts
San Diego
April 18.
Seattle. .:.....
Panama & Way...
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..........
Tillamook Bay ... .
April 10.
Newport :..:..
April 2O.
Nome via Seattle.
N. , ; Y. v. ' Panama.
' 5 pin Pier !
5 pm Pier !
9 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier l:
— pm Pier Z
4 pm Pier :
2 pm Pier i
I U am Pier 2-
2 pm Pier - :
10 am Pier ¦ :
9 am Pier l:
12 m Pier !
2 pm Pier '.
12 m Pier 11
9 am Pier 12
4 pm Pier. !
12 m Pier II
11 am Pier i
9 am Pier 11
; Pier :
1 pm PMSS
12 m S.W. !
9 pm Pier t '
9 am Pier 11
....... Pier 5
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier 5
Pier 15
9 am Pier 11
.'. Pier-
2 pm Pier If
China.........
LImari
Ventura.
Queen....
Robt. Dollar..
City of Para..
G. W. Elder..
North Fork...
Acme..........
Corona
Jeanle
Leelanaw
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL
FOSTUM CEREAL.
OCEAN? TRAVEL*
.Pacific* Coast. Steamship Co.
IfeNOME
: '"^6 GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP .'
CITY OF PUEBLA
Zy£%:_ Will Sail -
From San Franc! sco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the company's nevr
. and splendid' • ', ' . V.'
Steamship Senator
; For Nome Direct. '-
Leaving SEATTLE May' 30th.
...The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being: one of the- first to •. arrive there,
landing all her passengers and. freight without
loss, mishar>~or material delay.
'• For passenger rates apply... TICKET OFFICE,
4 New -Montgomery street.
¦ GOODALL, PERKINS & CO. , "Gen. Agts. .
if.-';', . '. ¦ 10. Market street.
AMERICAN: LINE.
HEW Y0KK. aqflZHAMFTON. L0ND0H. PABIS.
'.: ¦ Stopping Et Cherbourg,-. westbound..
From New York Every Wednesday,' 10 a. m. "
St. Louis...... ..April 24j St. Louis... May 13
New Tork .-.May l'New Tork.. .....May 22
St. Paul... :.May 8-St. Paul. ...... ...May 20
RED STAR LI N E.'
" .i i. ! .New York- and Antwerp.
From- New' Tork Every ¦Wednesday, 12 noon^
Kensington •.:.. April 24|s6uthwark- May 15
Zeeland .....:. ..May. 1 Vaderland. May 22
•Friesland ;..,.». May , 8 'Kensington .....May 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
,:.-/ "-. '¦ -:••¦= r .'. -. CHAS. D.J.TAYLOR,.
; General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
SB VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
• Zealand and .Australia.:..:.."..",
.....rr...':.......Wednesday..April 17, 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.*........
' .';. Monday. April 22, 4 p. n»:
SS. : M ARIPOS A (Honolulu only) _
• '.;.......: Saturday, .Aprils 27, 2 p" m.
4; D.SPRECXELS k BROS. CO.; Genera! Agtnis. 327 liar kit St
gen'l Passengar Office, 643 Miriut St., fiar la. 7. Pacifia St
PACIFIC STEAM. NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA.SUD AMERICANA HE VAPO'lES
To iValparalso,- "stoppins ' at Mexican Central
acd : South ¦ American ports. Sailing Section 1.
Seawall, 12 m. - ' i
LIMARI .*.......: Apr. 17 GUATEMALA .May 13
P£;RU -.:.:. :.-..:.. May 21PALENA'....:..May 30
« These - steamers are .built expressly for Cen-
tral and- South American passenger service.
(No change, at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and . passenger office. • 31S California itrett. •
r ,, BALFOUR.GUTHRIE.& CO.. Agents.
C0MPAGNIE 0EN2RALE TBAS3ATLANTIQtTB
DIRECT LINE TOiHAVEEtPARIS. . jjw,.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, .at .10; a;"; m./ from .Pjer 42, ¦*««S
North River, foot of Morton. street.-. First class
to - Havre. $35 -and: upward. Seeond ' class to
Havre. »45 and upward. GENERAL AGEXCT
FOR -UNITKD- STATES and "CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building), ;New. York. J. F.
FUGAZI.& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue.-. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all ' Railroad Ticket Agents.
TOYOllSENKAISHAv
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets,- at 1 p ; m.'
for .YOKOHAMA and j HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo),; Nagasaki- and ".Shanghai, •¦ and
-connecting. • at v Hongkong vwlth- steamers for
India, etc. '. No cargo receh-ed • on ' board on • day
of ¦ sailing.-" ¦"."-¦¦ "•« :•¦¦-"• > .-• v •;-¦:• ;¦-. r
S3. NIPPON MARU......-.::Kriday.'May<3. 1901
SS.' AMERICA MAEU. Wednesday, May 29 1901
SS. MARU. Saturday, j June : 22, 1901
v - Round-trip tickets j at ¦ reduced v ; rates.. . 'For
freight ,'and passage *applyat 'company's- office,
421': Market street,- corner' First. w; ¦'¦. -«' V«-T?->t :
. ' , ' W. - H. , AVERT, : General Agent.
GROWING CHILDREN.
The Period When the Nervous Activ-
ity Is at Its Greatest.
The Home Doctor.
"Against the practice of giving tea and
coffee to children we cannot speak too
strongly. Childhood is the period when
the nervous activity is at its greatest. The
brain is ever busy receiving new impres-
Piors. Reflex action, co-ordination of
muscles and the special senses are all un-
der a special course of training.
"The nervous system is pushed to its
utmost capacity, and long Is the list of
victims that follow its overstimulation.
In these little people nothing but harm
can com© from the use of such cerebral
stimulants as tea or coffee. Bad, then, as
this practice Is, let us as physicians be ag-
gressive in Its prohibition.
"Do not be satisfied by answering 'No'
¦when a*kcd as to Its use, but let, us teach
the families with whom we come In con-
tact that such practice is evil. We .speak
emphatically, because not only among the
poor and uneducated but among the rich,
who should know better, this practice is
xnarvelcusly prevalent."
Children like a warm beverage for
breakfast, and it Is well for them, to have
It If the drink is a food and not a drug. : ;> .
Pcstum Food Coffee is made to supply
a rich, nourishing liquid food ivlth a crisp
coffee taste for those who cannot, and
should not use coffee. Analysis shows it
to contain about 14 per cent of muscle-
formiKg elements and 66.11 per cent of
energy and fat producing elements, which
go to nourish and sustain the delicate
nerve centers throughout the body and
from \rhlch the vital energy proceeds.
The 6upreme Importance of proper food
in place of drugs is not generally under-
stood, but the success of child or adult
depends largely upon proper sustenance
for the body. Children who depend upon
the Intelligence of their elders to furnish
them with 'good food deserve our. most
careful attention and thought- upon- this
subject. . . - .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
[p. Steamers leave Broadway
Bfe • wharf, San Francisco:
WtTfcw. ForAlaakan Ports — 11 a. m..
m^^oS^. A P r11 u » 16 - 21 - 25 - Ma y !-
BBsSKrjTSB^ Change to company's steam-
|«"^3\^| ers at Seattle.
Es^SEN Nell For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flRC\^H9 C), Port Townsend,' Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte3
"^ and New V.'hatcom (Wash.)—
" ~^* 11 a. m.. April 11. 18. 21. 28.
May 1, and every , fifth . day • thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April
13. 18. 23, 28, May 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping ortly at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Loa Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-'
ucm. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata*. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.)- 10 a. m., 7th eacrt
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. .
The company reserves the right to chanter
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without or^vlouM notice.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
¦-•¦•-•¦¦¦¦.. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & "N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through t'ekets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 1
SS GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. S. IS. i8. May 5
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
"« Twin-Screw Express Service. .
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBUnO.
DEUTJ=CHLAND APRIL 18, 3 P. M.
COLUMBIA MAY 2. IO A.M.
F. Bismarck. ... .May 9/Deutschland... ..May 11
-Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia April 2O[ Waldersee May 4
Patricia.... April 27i«Batavla May IX
- ' 'Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Padflo
Ccast. 401 California street. /
PANAMA 1 Has-?..
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
• Cabin, f 103; Steerage, $40.
6. 8. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S. 8: Argyll sails Monday, May 6
8. S. sails Monday, May 2O
• From • Harrtson-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVES "STEAIktEBS.
HliTTlAvrYA^^
Steamer "Monticello." ,.:'
M0N.;~TUES.. WED., THTJRS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30 Sundays.
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mis-
i>lon-st. Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Main lit*.
A Noted Boston Woman Describes
• its Symptoms and Terrors.— Two
Severe Cases Cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"I am so nervous! no one ever suffered as I do! There
. isn't a well inch in; my body. I honestly believe .my lungs
are diseased, my chest pains me so, but I have no cough. I
am<-so "weak at my stomach, and have indigestion terribly, and
palpitation of the heart ; am losing flesh; and this headache
and backache nearly kills me, and yesterday I had hysterics.
" There is a weight in the lower part of my bowels, bearing
down all the time, with pains in my groins and thighs- — I
can't sleep, walk, or sit, and blue — oh goodness ! I am simply
the most miserable of women."
This is a most vivid description of a woman suffering with
nervous prostration, caused by inflammation or some other
diseased condition of the womb. .
No woman should allow herself to reach such a perfection
of misery when there is no need" of it. Read about Miss
Williamson's case and how. she was cured.
4 Two Bad Gases of Nervous Prostration Cured,
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham; — I "I had nervous prostration
was suffering such tortures terribly, caused by female
from nervous prostration that weakness. I suffered every-
life was a burden*. I could thing; was unable to eat,
not sleep at all, and was too sleep, or work. After a while
weak to walk across the floor. I was induced to try Lydia OE.
My heart .was affected so that Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
often I could not lie down at pound, and I really began to
all without almost suffocating, improve on taking the first
- I took Lydia E. Pinkham's : bottle., I continued to tak*
Vegetable Compound and it the medicine, and am novr
worked like magw. I feel that better in every way, and feei
your medicine has been of in- like a different person. I am
estimable benefit to me." simply a well woman."
*f^> Miss Adele Williamson, . Mrs. Delia Keiseb,
=i ": 106 N. Boulevard, Atlanta, Ga. Marienville, Pa.
SB" (fo tit tf% KK WARD. —We have deposited with tbe National City Bank of Lynn, $5000,
Qm c B a C g M -which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
11 II ill are not genuine, or ¦were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
UVu II mission- | LYDIA E. PDfKHAM ALEDICETE CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market
Bradstreet's on Trade.
. CHICAGO, ' April . 12.— The most influential
factor in the wheat market early was the heavy
export business as revealed by Immense clear
ances from the seaboard,', which in wheat and
flour amounted to 1,281,000 ' bushels. Of this
915.000 bushels. represented the raw product. A
light domestic movement . and smaller .ship
ments from Argentine, . together . with steady
cables, completed the bullish .: array. - May
opened a shade lower to unchanged at 714®
714c and • under 1 covering by_ shorts and in
vestment buying, 'largely for the local account,
rallied during the forenoon to 71%@72c. Outside
support, however, failed when longs attempted
to - take profits. ¦ Long I wheat .was offered • be
cause of the lightness of the day's export
business and reports minimizing accounts of In-
Jury from Insects. Aside from a narrow scalp
irg Interest there was; nobody to care for the
offerings and May I broke with considerable
rapidity to 70%@70%c and closed weak, 34<§Hc
lower at 70%c.
The" corn market preserved its nnaness, but
offered little of Interest. May closed unchanged
at 43%c. - , ' ';¦¦¦•" . V " : _,
Oats were etrong on a good cash demand and
good shipping business. May closed unchanged
at 254c. ¦ •¦: ¦
Provisions were quiet and steady, sustained
by light receipts, higher prices at . the yards
and a fair cash demand. - May pork closed 2'^c
higher, lard 10c up and ribs 12^c Improved.; .
.The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles— - Open." High. Low. Close.
Ma^ at ;^-. 2 "...71%-- 72 '.7034 70*
July. ..: ' =71% 724 70% !' 71
.Corn No. 2- • - -¦ ; .;.; .
mS 1 . :::::::;::::::: «" *r .•".«% - «g
July ;.'...;;........• «% 4* 43&- ,- 43H
M r"-1...... -2Hi-. 25% 25U : 25H
July .-...- 254) V" 25% 25 254
Mesa pork, per barrel— -
May ................14 50 ; 14 574 14 4?4 14 474
July •..'.."..........-.14 60 14 674* 14.60.-. 14 60.
Lard ' per 100 pounds—
May .:....'.-....--. 8 27V4 8 324 • 8 27^ 8 324
July- 8 17% 8 25 8 17i£'. 8 22H
September ..:...... 8 174 8 224 '5 174 S 20
Short ¦ ribs, per 100 pounds— '
May \. . : ............. S 20 S 324 ¦ 8 20 , i 8 30
July .....:........- 8 024 8 124 '.' 8 024 8 074
September ...¦¦•.... 8 00 8 65 S 00 • : 8 03 ¦¦¦>
-. Cash -quotations were ; ; as - follows : % Flour,
steady; No/ 3 spring. wheat, "67$T69c; No.. 2 red,
7iy,@73c; No. 2 corn, L 434c; Na 2 yellow, 434c;
No. 2 oats. 264@27c; No. 2. white. : 234c; No.
3 white, 27%<329>4c; ; No. 2 rye, 53c: good feed
imr barley. 46c: fair to choice malting:. 51058c:
Continued on Page Thirteen.
FRIDAY. April 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I ¦ Eld. Ask.
4s coupon — 115 |4s coup (new). 133 133«
4s registered.. .113'/ill4 '3s quar coup, .infill 1 *
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS. X
Bay C P C os.103^ — Oceanic SS Ss.104 1O5«
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll7 - OmC R 6s....l25«i —
C C Water 5s. 103^4 — Pac G Im^ 4s. — —
E L & P 6s...l2Sy 2 133% Pk & Cl K to.io; —
F & Cl Ry 63.115 — Pk & O R 8a.. 117 _
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R «3.120 '
Haw C 5%S....106li — S K G & R 5s. — 101
Haw C 5s 102 1024 S F & SJVSs.llStU-
L A R R os... — .113}iiS R of Cal 6s. — C -
L A L Co 6s.. — «102 JS P R of A 6s
Do gntd j63.. — 104 <1909) _ ir>ii
Do gntd 5s.. 93»4 — Do (1910) — iviiT
L A P R R 5s.lO2Vi — S P C 6a (13C5
Market-st C 63.126^ — Series A).. 1054 —
Do 1st c 5S..12C — Do (Series B)107ii —
N C N G R 7s - 1134 Do (1906)... lio -
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1012) — —
N' R of Cal 5s. — 11S%]S P C-lst g 3s!lGW —
N P R R 63...101H — IS P Br K fa. 132% —
N P R R 5S...1C84 — IS V Water 6s 113 114
N C R 5s .111^4— 1 Do 4s _ 1C4W
O G L & H SsllCVi — I Do 3d mtsr... — 103^1
Oak Tr Co 6s.. — — JStkn G & E 6slOC —
Oak W Co 5S..101H — 1 . • ..
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 74 '[Spring Valley. S9^V 904
Marin County. 53% — f "
GAS- AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.'. — — ' Pac Lt Co.... 43 «—
Kqult Gas 3% 3Vi Sac E G & R.
Mut Elec Lt.. — 7 S F G & E '444 **
O G L & H.. 50^ 51 San Frapctsco 44 44
Pac Gas Imp. — 40 Stktn G & E.. — 1*
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The only change worthy of not» on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange was an ad
vance In Spring Valley Water to $30 25. Trad-
Ing was light.
In the afternoon Hawaiian Commercial sold
up to $55 50.
The oil stocks continued quiet and feature
less.
The Maria County Water Company paid th«
usual quarterly dividend of 75c per share on
the ICth.
The Mercantile .Trust Company ha» called
upon stockholders for $50 per share, being the
balance due on the stock Issued two years ago.
in compliance 'with the law, which requires
that the whole capVal subscribed be paid ia
within two years frjm the Issuance of k li
cense to transact business. The capital is
$1.00O.C0O In 10.0CO shares, of which $500,000 was
paid up two years ago. The other $i»,0C0 ia
now payable.
Considerable irregularity has prevailed in
speculation this week. The market, continues
to be very active and presents the same strong
undertone which has been a leading feature
for- some weeks past. New high price records*
have been made in various stocks and the
deals and developments concerning , corpora
tions which are understood to be in progress
have not lost their power as incitements to
bullish activity. The money market, however,
has developed a degree of- strength which,
though by no means i approaching anything
like positive stringency, gave a sharp check
to the. upward movement -of prices and caused
recessions, with a renewal of more conserva
tive opinions among the rank and file of Wall
street. Last Saturday's unfavorable bank
statement, which appeared when the • market
was taking a three days' holiday, was widely
discussed and was generally construed as in
dicating that easy money could not be counted
on any longer, and when' Jhe Stock Exchange
reopened on Monday, there % was a very -heavy
selling movement, representing both liquida
tion of long - holdings and short sales by
traders. ' The call money rate on Monday ad
vsneed to 6 per cent and most borrowers were
ibliged to pay 5 per cent for such accommoda
tion, that rate being generally maintained for
the rest of the week. The money quotations
again ¦ touched 6 ' per cent on Thursday and
Friday which produced sharp declines In the
various stocta which . had. renewed th«ir ad
vancing tendency as soon as it was apparent
that no stringency was probable. ;
NEW YORK, April 12.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial -Review to-morrow will say:
Bradstreet's Financial Revieiv.
NEW YORK. April 12.— To-day's stock mar
ket was rather a tame affair as compared with
the excited dealings fcr some time past, but
an imposing aggregate of business was never
theless transacted and there were considerable
fluctuations in prices. The market was ex
tremely irregular, all recovering sharply from
the opening depression, but yielding again be
fore the close, which was heavy in tone and
decidedly below the best, but with consider
able gains remaining fcr many important
stocks. Operations were of a highly manipula
tive character and seemed to have for their
object to discourage the selling of stocks. No
very aggressive efforts were apparent to at
tract renewed buying demand. Fluctuations
¦were by no means bo violent or so feverish as
has: been the rue of late. There were some
wide advances among high-priced Investment
etocks and some usually inactive stocks, North
west, after a preliminary decline, rising four
points; St. Paul preferred 2^4; General Elec
tric. 3; Consolidated Gas, 6^; Brooklyn Union
Gas, 9, and a number of less prominent stocks
from 2 to 3>i. Speculation continued active in
the copper stocks and Amalgamated Copper
rallied strongly from its opening loss, but did
not hold the advance well, closing with a net
rise of only 1%. Rumors continued conflicting
regarding the status of the Burlington deal.
The stock's extreme range was 3% and it closed
v.ith & net gain of a point. Rock Island ros<
fl1 * from last night's price and closed with a
net gain of *H- The New York public utili
ties were all strong, apparently on account of
the fixing of the date of adjournment by the
Legislature. The coalers also became strong
giving rise to a Fuppositlon that the danger of
a strike on the New Jersey Central had been
averted. The market developed very general
strength after the opening weakness, which
was due in some extent to selling for London
account, the denials of peace negotiations with
the Boers and the hardening of the money
rate in London serving to depress that market
The recovery here seemed to be closely con
nected with the more cheerful feeling regarding
th* money outloik. This was not reflected in
the money rate itf*lf until most of the day's
requirements had been met when belated lend
ers made considerable concessions in the rate
of Interest. It wts asserted that large loans
were placed here for the account of Chicago
tanks during the day. The preliminary esti
mates of the interior cash movement Indicated
that the balance against New York for the
week was Insignificant and the New York ex
charge at Chicago rose to 25c per tliousand,
compared with 50c yesterday. The sub-treas
ury was a debtor to-<lay at the clearing hous*
to the extent of 51.4S6.74l, owing to large pen
sion disbursements and a payment of ioOO.OOO
made to the banks on account or Philippine
anr.y expenditures. The sub-treasury ha<s
therefore taken -cnly about $1,000,000 from the
market for the week and next week will see
the high level for the month of the pension pay
ments. After the close of business on the stock
exchanpe. announcement was made from Wash
ington that the Secretary of the Treasury had
purchased $1,000,000 of Government bonds In
this market. This, with the calling of loans
by the banks, if it has resulted in the reduc
tion of The loan averages, will therefore have
the effeot of making & much less unfavorable
benk statement than was apprehended. With
to-dny'E payment in London of the Installment
on the exchequer bonds and the conclusion of
the stock exchange settlement there, the cours.
of the money market In the next few days is
awaited to indicate its true condition.
The ' heaviness of the United States stfrfl
Etocks was a disappointment to the speculators,
as they are basing hopes of measures of pro
tection against money stringency by large
financial Interests en the supposition that it is
tlecigjieA to «upyort the prices of these stocks.
The price moveiiicnt of Iionds was Irregular.
Iota! sales, par value. 52.955.000. United States
bonds were all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fharfs SSS-3S Closing
Sold. Stock— . . Bid.
eS.CCO Atchison e<%
1S.500 Atchison prefd s;-li
6.100 Baltimore & Ohio S2^
300 Canadian Pacific 944
4.20C Canada Southern : 64
1.500 Oiesapeake & Ohio 4SH
6.C00 Cblcafo Orcat Wrsiern 22»i
New York Stock Market.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans are' well cleaned us and held
.'Hay Is steady and unchanged, with fair re
ceipts. There is no change In Feedstuff s."
' BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per . ton. . '. ¦ ¦ ' -. .. .
MIDDLINGS— $16 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 50<@18 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, S255J26: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $25@
25 60; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$153?16. • . :¦ •<-¦ ¦¦¦¦,¦ --.'¦'-' " ' < .
- HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, 49012; Oat. $9@11 50;' Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. SS@9 50: Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. ~ -¦ . -
Hay and Feedstuff.s.
. FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras. $3 25@
3 50. usual terms ; Bakers' ; Extras, $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel, for ¦ family, and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'; $2 75
@3. • ' : - ¦
' MILLSTUFFS — Prices ; In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; .Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50;,Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour,' $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels).
$6 10@7 60; in . eacks. $5.75@7 23; Pearl Barley,
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed no
change worthy of note. Argentine shipments
for the week were 1,344,000 bushels, against
2,640,000 for the same week last year.
New York advanced from . 77Uc • to 78c, but
fell back again.
Chicago opened steady and unchanged, with
a moderate demand. Later- on the market be
came firmer ' on large clearances at the sea
board, and there was some covering by shorts,
while most commission houses were buyers.
There was a better cash demand and a num
ber of important interests left the short for
the long side. Toward the close, however, the
local crowd dumped 'their long Wheat. Crop
prospects were reported good everywhere. The
amount on passage ' to the United Kingdom
was placed at 45,000,000 bushels. Duluth ex
i pected an Increase In stock for the week of
300,000 bushels. . : - , . • ¦ v .
This market was easy and unchanged.
S Spot Wheat— Shipping, . $1; milling, $1 02%@
1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 16,000 ctls, $1 0594;
2000, $1 05%; 2000, $1 05; 4000, $1 05H.
Regular Morning Session— May — 1000 g ctls,
99%c; 14,000. $1; 2000. $100^4..
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$104%. May— 2000, $1. .-'
BARLEY— Holders continue firm, but the
market is very dull as the demand . is insig
niflcant.
Feed, 80c for choice, 77%@78%c for No. 1 and
73%®75c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades 82%@87^c; Chevalier, normal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No ¦ sales.
Second Session — No sales.-
Regular Morning Session— -No sales.
Afternoon . Session — No sales. - .
OATS— Stocks have become reduced to a low
point and some dealers are asking higher
prices In consequence, though no advance has
yet -been established. The demand is reported
fair. White, $1 35@1 50; Surprise, nominal;
Red, $1 30@l 45; Black. $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Continues neglected and nominal.
Yellow $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10@l 15; Eastern
Mixed." $112% per ctl. ...
RYE— 80®82%c per. ctl.. .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse. - - -- ;.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion-. .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — " $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight: — - 4 88%
Sterling Cables .: — 4 89%
New York Exchange, 1 sight .— - : 15
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — .' 17>/4
Sliver, per ounce '. — 59
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43% @ 50
13c.*'^ ¦ •
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%®20c; unpeeled, B%@
10c. . ¦ ' . • .
17,250 bariels; exports, 13,154 barrels; sales, 12,
000 packages. The market was a shade higher
on choice grades and generally well sustained
with fair demand. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 29,940 i bushels; exports,
76,524 bushels; sales. 3,610,000 bushels futures;
80,000 bushels spot; spot, quiet. No. 2 red,
79»4c f. o. b. afloat; No., 2 red, 77%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S5*ic f; o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth. 89c f. o.b. afloat. Options had
a steady opening and followed It up with a
strong advance on active covering. Until Jate
in the afternoon offerings were remarkably
light, and this, with big seaboard clearances,
small, spring, wheat receipts again, a pros
pective big visible supply . decrease and. strong
outside markets furnished the chief bull points.
A final break was caused by realizing, the
close being easy at J /i@%c net decline. May,
77<ii77%e,. closed 77%c: July, 76%@77%o, closed
76%c; September, 75%@76%c, closed 75ftc
HOPS— Quiet. . . .
HIDES-^Steady. .
WOOL— Dull. . '
SUGAR— Raw, strong. Fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 3-32c; molasses sugar,
3 ll-32c. Refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice, 6%c
nominal; mild, dull; Cordova, 8%@-12%c.
Futures closed dull, with prices -net un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales were
limited to 4750 bags, including: .May, $5 40@
5 45; July, $5 60; September, $5 75; November,
$5 80: March, $6 10. , . . ¦
BUTTER — Receipts, 4250 • packages ; steady.
Fresh creamery, 16@22c; factory, ll@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10,129 packages; firmer.
Western, fresh. 13%@14c; do storage, 14c. .
: DRIED FRUITS.
There continues a quiet market for • evap
orated apples.. State common, 3@4c; prime,
4V4@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6®7%c Cali
fornia dried fruits were inactive. .
PRUNES— 3% @7c, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7&@12c; Moorpark, 8#@
# ; — ; »
NEW YORK, April 12.— FLOUR— Receipts',
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday;
light southerly, changing to fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Saturday: light southerly winds changing to
northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday: light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; light northwest
winds.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday; light northwest
winds.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
The temperature has risen over Utah and
Arizona and has remained nearly stationary
elseahere. A temperature of 90 degrees is re
ported 2t Yuma, and In the Sacramento and
San Joaquln valleys temperatures continue
above the normal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 13: '
The pressure continues high over the extreme
Northwest. During the past twelve hours there
has been but little change west of the Rocky
Mountains. There is a tendency to the devel
opment of a loir over Nevada.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
E9, minimum 47, mean 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Butter. Cheese and Eggs stand about as be
fore. All are in good supply.
Vegetables are selling at about last week's
prices, with one or two exceptions. The sup
ply la ample.
Strawberries are slowly cheapening under In
creasing supplies.
Poultry Is In better supply and the tendency
Is toward lower prices.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @12 00 Southfleld
Wellington.. ——011 00 Wellington (911 00
Seattle 9 00@ Coos Bay — © 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.35@45| Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 25030 dozen 17#20
Cheese. Cal 12^15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17<S20 pound 15@2O
Cheese. Swiss 20(^35 Do. extracted... 10012
Common Eggs....l5@17l
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@65 Turkeys, per lb... 17320
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 75c#jl
each :....75@S5 Geese, each.. .SI 60@l 75
Old Roosters, ea..50@60 Pigeons, pair 511-360
Fryers, each 65(g!75 Rabbits, pair 40® —
Broilers, each 40@50 Hare, each —©20
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 15@18 Round Steak lO'©—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12%<tS —
Do, good 10® — Tenderloin, do. ...15® —
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse, do.l7%«20
Ham — ®13 Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard — @15 Pork salt 10@12%
Mutton 12@15 Pork Chops 150—
Umb — ®15 Pork Sausages.. 12%915
Pork, fresh 15@— Veal 12®—
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds 15<f20 Lemons, doz. ...... 15^23
Apples 8@12 Raisins, per lb... 5@15
Bananas, doz 10® 20 Strawberries, per
Oranges, doz 15@35 basket 104X20
Limes, per doz...— @15 Walnuts, per lb..l5®20
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb. 5# 8 Peppers, per lb....2O<5?—
Artichokes, doz... 25^40 Potatoes, Der U>.. 2@—
Beets doz 10®— New. do Z** 4
Beans. white, Ib.l2%@— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@> S
Colored, per lb.-lOg— Sweet Potatoes, lb 3®—
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 8 Parsnips, per dz.100—
Cabbage, each.... 5#— Radishes.dz bchs.l5®2"0
Cauliflowers, each 5®— Sage, doz bncha..25<a30
Celery, head 5@ — String Beans, Ib..l2®—
Cress doz bnrhs.l5i?22O Summer Squash.
Cucumbers. dz.75c@$l 25 per lb 12#—
Egg Plant, lb 20ig25 Sprouts, per lb —^f —
Oreen Peas, lb.... W 6 Spinach, per lb... 5@—
Lettuce, Der doz..lo®20 Thyme, doz bchs.23S30
Onions, per lb 4@ 6 Turnips, per doz.. 100 —
Okra, dried, lb....— <335 Tomatoes, Der lb.l0@13
Fish-
Barracuda 13i§— Striped Bass 15@—
Carp 8ffl— Sea Bass — #—
Catfish 8®— Smelts 15i^—
Codfish 12®15 Soles lOtf —
Flounders 8®10 Skates, each 8013
Halibut 10@15 Tomcod — <01O
Herring 6Q— Turbot — <&—
Mackerel — @— Trout 40® —
Do. Horse — © — Whiteflsh 10®—
Perch 10©20 Clams, gallon 50®—
Pomplno 50®— Do. hardshell, lb 8@10
Rockflsh 15® — Crabs, each 15^20
Salmon, fresh 18620 Mussels, quart — oWlO
Do. ' smoked. ....15040 Oysters. Cal. 100..40<@50
Shrimps 8®10 Do. Eastern, dz.25@40
Shad S@10
NEW YORK. April 12.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
April 11, with the ' percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: '
'Percentages.
_ Inc. Dec.
New York ..$1,773,985,332 45.8
Boston . 152,507,876 , 20.3 ....
Chicago 150,058,194 »13.7
Philadelphia 95.2S8.454 1.9 ....
St. Louis 41,966,663 IS. 6
Pittsburg 44.572,817 24.1 ....
Baltimore ..: 28,736,644 7.5 ....
San Francisco 20,171,365 11.3 ....
Cincinnati 18,666.750 2.5 ....
Kansas City 17,090,075 9.4
New Orleans 10,741,287 23.5
Minneapolis 10,138,248 4.6 ....
Detroit 9.912,082 2S.5 ....
Cleveland .....' 13,745,518 28.2 ....
Louisville 8,571,401 6.8 ....
Providence 6,329.400 > .... 17.2
Milwaukee 5,216,S01 .... 4.6
St. Paul 4,336.319 1.6 *....
Buffalo 6,488.657 12.0
Omaha 5,960,336 ' .... 6.4
Indianapolis ....... 6.910,174 17.5 ' ....
Columbus, Ohio 6.579,000 ' 25.4
Savannah 3,218.848 .... 17.6
Denver 4,983.926- 29.1.
Hartford 2,737.134 3.0 ....
Rlchmcnd 4,079.909 3.6 ....
Memphis • 2,791.677 • 7.5 ....
Washington 2.703,251 ; .... 7.8
Peoria 2.293,503 14.2 ....
Rochester 2,074,617 ' 4.6 ....
New Haven 1,386,998 .... 3.7
Worcester 1,371,470. 3.2
Atlanta 2.188.235 .20.2 ....
Salt Lake City 2.8S8.369 1.9
Springfield, Mass.. 1.536.659 1.6 ....
Kort Worth 2,506.009 4.5 \
Portland, Me 1,187.802 .... 10.2
Portland. Or 2,129.508 ' 6.2
St. Joseph 3.304.775 .„¦ 23.7
Lcs Angeles 3,217.428 19.9.
Norfolk 1,274.288 15.1
Syracuse 1,044.270 ., ....
Des Moines 1,676.613 11.7
Nashville 1,619,000 2.4
! Wilmington, Del... 958.934 .6.4 .
Fall River 809.084 11.8 ..;.
Scranton 1,007.965 i .... ' 20.0
Grand Ra?id3 1,367,184 ' 20.5 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,326,408 39.8 ......
Lowell 515.986 . .... 8.8
Dayton, Ohio 1.516.816 . 3.3 ....
Seattle' " 2.403,963 21.2
Tacoma l,P2?,949 33.9
¦Spokane 1.040,908 .... ;' 6.6
Sioux City 1.207.0SI ....
New Bedford ...... 437.572 6.6
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 554,924 6.4
Topeka 1.16U51 83.9 ....
Birmingham 1,072.991 31.2 ....
Wichita 554,730 5.6
Binghamton 325,100 20.3
Lexington. Ky 583.864 74.0
Jacksonville, Fla.. 312,140 5.4 .
Kalamazoo 311.211 35.7
Akron 561.200 16.3 -.' ....
Chattanooga 422.69S 6.8 ....
Rockford. Ill 426.712 8.1
Canton. Ohio ' 450,200 Bo. 7 '
Springfield, Ohio... 475.256 29.0 ....
Fargo. N. D 349.206 14.4
Sioux Falls 230.818
Fremont, Nebr -126.172 .... ....
Davenport 1.076,838 " 12.4 .
Toledo 2,304.986 "11.0 ....
Galveston 7,122.000 33.6 ' .....
Houston . 6,042.876 .8.9
Ma-eon. Ga: 596.000 12.2
Helena > 749.709 24.8
Little Rock 639.944 23.5 ....
Evansville 91.733 10.8
Wheeling ' 648.5K9 ....
Springfield. Ill 486.500 2.0 ....
Youngstown, Ohio. ¦ 620,940 24.9 ....
. Totals U. S..... $2,512,082,880 34.0
Totals outside of «
Now York .... 738.097.548 12.1 ; ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,466,869 .... 10.6
Toronto 9,686,351 6.4
Winnipeg 1,700,297 7.3
Halifax 1,393.889 7.3
Hamilton 885.899 6.9 ....
St. John. N. B..... 600.124 ....
Victoria. B. C 617.140
Vancouver. B. C... 816.3S5 .... 10.9'
Totals $29,166,954 [ 7.8
Speculation ¦ has been unusually heavy in
foodstuffs, the. local market averaging. 2,000,000
bushels of wheat daily. Prices receded sharp
ly from' the top point of two weeks ago.' wheat
losing about 4 cents for spot. Realizing sales
were accelerated by expectation of a "high per
centage of winter wheat condition. in the. offi
cial report.' : Two' elements of strength ap
peared to check the decline and caused some
recovery. ' Insects were reported • numerous
in the southwestern section .and foreign buy-
Ing was sufficient .to make -Atlantic exports,
flour Included. 6,732,000 bushels In two weeks,
against 3,912,857 last year and- 3,890,380 In 1899.
' In silk goods more activity is - reported, - and
another trifling advance occurred In. raw ma-
Failures for the week- numbered 203 in the
United States, against 193. last year and 24 in
Canada, against 41 last year. - •
¦¦•"• ' _ ! 1»
i NEW YORK. April 12.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade will say:. The tone, of gen
eral business has been better, this week/ Mark
ed activity In the distribution of merchandise
is reflected in the gains of 45.9 per cent in
bank • clearings at/New York, compared with
1900, and 20.8 per cent over 1899, v with gains
of 13.5 and 10.8 for the same period at lead
ing cities' outside of New York. Even the
textile markets show pronounced gain. 'Activ
ity in the | metal division has . taken pigiron
production . to near record figures and some
dealers • do not see . how production of partly
finished forms this year Is to be made to meet
the demand. The Government report of the
condition of wheat , on April 1 is the surest
possible basis upon which expectation of con
tinued commercial prosperity could be founded.
Stringency of money Is largely local in New
York and does not alter reports from most of
the larger ¦ cities of favorable conditions In
collections. Railroad earnings in March were
7.4 per cent larger • than last year and' 32.4
per cent over 1899, according to practically
complete returns. Pigiron production on April
1, according to the Iron Age, was at the rate
of .296,676 tons weekly.^ This quantity has been
exceeded twice In the history of the Indus
try, on December 1. 1899, when 296,959 tons
were produced, < and oh February 1, 1900, when
the .output was 298,014 . tons. The remarkable
feature of the situation Is the decrease of
69,558 tons. in furnace stocks/during March In
the face of this enormous production, while
In six months .the .loss.. In. supplies . amounted
to "203,656 tons. Quotations are generally
steady for all forms except plates, on which
$2 a ton more Is ¦ demanded with restricting
purchases. . Contracts for delivery of. plglron
do not as a rule ..extend beyond 1 this month
and furnace stocks cannot.be expected to con
tinue decreasing .unless, new business' comes
forward, for-.many -furnaces have gone Into
blast since the month opened/ and production
on May 1 1 ,will probably . be • at., a new,- high
record. '.-¦'¦ ...... - . ¦. •• -. • -
120ti Meridian. Pacific Time.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 12—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cate as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
Government coin certificates In clrculatloi
March 21 were as follows:
1900. •¦ 1901.
Gold $173,642,K1 $148,286,099
Silver 403,043.359 . 427.206.3 - .>0
Treasury 84, 650.059 63.728,2^2
Total $661,336,:C3 $729,220,651
Government Income and Outgo.
Government receipts for the first nine months
of the fiscal jear compare as follows:
1899-CO. 1900-01.
Customs $177.957. 6K4 $180,224,215
Internal revenue 220.086.483 226.391.5S4
Miscellaneous 29,119.595 28,501,301
Total $427,163,762 $435,117,110.
The disbursements for the same interval
compare as follows:
18V-00. 1900-01.
Civil $78,006,842 $93,238,217
War 1O6.9SS.O01 114,517,342
Navy- 41.697,757 45.158.S70
Indians 7.826,399 8,780,565
Pensions 106.918,930 106,537.6(0
Interest Sl.423.954 24.5S7.W7
Total $372,861,883 $392,820,140
Coin Certificates.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row'will eay: ¦ . \ . . ¦
.Crops and trade advices alike continue favor
able. The seat of greatest ' strength is In : the
Iron and steel trade, while textiles evidence
the most irregularity. ! . Despite [ the ' unques
tionably quieter tone of export trade in manu
factures, it is to be noted that Americans are
Etlll" reaping some advantages from their supe
riority in certain lines of iron and steel. Retail
trade has been -helped, by ' better, weather " ( in
most sections, and ; while '. spring : Jobbing ' ; is
Emaller at several markets, . improved retail
trade conditions are- expected to help re-order
business. • The low price of - cotton is still • a
determent to trade at '• the • South, and talk of
restriction of the anticipated Increase of acre
age is heard. Planting Is, however,, being,ac
tively pushed and retail trade is for this reason
still quieter. ¦ Northwestern trade advices ; are
quite cheerful and large numbers of buyers are
in the towns. . On the : Pacific > Coast, • Alaskan
trade is ; active and general ; trade - from nearby
points !* good. '.;¦."•• .
At tha East trade is better at retail/ while
wholesale lines are quiet. Cotton ; goods note
some slight - Improvement In ; tone, - and it is
hoped that the bottom has been reached at the
NEW. YORK, April M.— Money on call, firm
at 4S< per cent, last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper," 3%@4% per : cent. Sterling
exchange, steadier, with actual business in
Nczv York Money Market.
79,100 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 18914
200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 37%
1,400 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 74
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 1JC4
6,000 Chicago & Northwestern 204'^
92,200 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 151»i
2,200 C C C & St Louis EOy t
9.500 Colorado Southern 10%
C.COO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45?i
SCO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21
22.JO0 Delaware & Hudson :..179V4
5.700 Delaware, Lack & Western 22Vi
2,10ft Denver & Rio Grande : :.. 45%
40(A Denver & Rio Grande prefd 94%
S6.iO0\Erie 3SV4
5,400 Erie 1st prefd 70%
500 Great Northern prefd 200
1,500 Hocking Coal ;... 19
; 100 Hocking Valley 63Vi
3.800 Illinois Central 140%
600 Iowa Central 32%
500 Iowa Central prefd 6214
200 Lake Erie & Western...., 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd 123
Lake Shore '. 230
13.500 Louisville & Nashville 104
17,100 Manhattan Elevated ...128 '
26.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 168',i
8,200 Mexican Central 23?i'
Minneapolis & St Louis Soft
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
5,300 Missouri Pacific 102%
Mobile & Ohio .'.... SI
4.100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 27%
14,500 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 59%
300 New Jersey Central 156
O.rOO New York Central 150'i
5.CO0 Norfolk & Western 61%
Norfolk & Western prefd.... S6%
62.S00 Northern Pacific 98%
13,100 Northern Pacific prefd 76%
7,400 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railroad & Nav.... '. 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
13,200 Pennsylvania 156',4
26.JO0 Reading ; 38%
13.400 Reading 1st prefd 75%
19.900 Reading 2d prefd 52%
Rio Grande Western 79
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 100%
3,300 St Louis & San Francisco 40%
Et Louis & San Fran lst'prefd 82%
LoOO St Louis & San Fran 2d prfd C5
3.600 St Louis. Southwestern 36%
3.200 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 64V>
50.100 St Paul .'. 154%
9,700 St Paul prefd 192%
100 St Paul & Omaha 140 "
16.100 Southern Pacific 45%
17,60ft Southern Railway IS
3,100 Southern Railway prefd 79%
19.300 Texas & Pacific 42%
12.300 Union Pacific 92%
1.500 Union Pacific prefd 85%
12.300 WabaEh :.... 20%
10,200 Wabash prefd 39%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
2»0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 35
2,700 Wisconsin Central 19%
Third Avenue '. 1'2
2.100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
2,100 National Tube C6
National Tube prefd 11S%
Express Companies — -
Adams 165
American 19«
300 United States 87
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton OH prefd 84
American Malting 5
American Malting prefd : 25
11.100 American Smelt & Refining 61%
2.100 American Smelt & Refining prefd... 77
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
...;... American Steel Hoop prefd 95
100 American" Steel & Wire 47%
100 American Steel & Wire prefd... 110%
American Tin Plate 78
American Tin Plate prefd 117
18,600 American Tobacco 128%
American Tobacco prefd .....142
27.800 Anaconda Mining Co 50%
22.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82%
4.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 74%
6.200 Continental Tobacco 46%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 103%
400 Federal Steel • 53
Federal Steel prefd 102
3,000 General Electric ....226V4
100 Glucose Sugar 4SV4
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 96
800 International Paper 26%'
700 International Paper prefd 79%
Laclede Gas 86
300 National Biscuit 3!>
National Biscuit prefd 96
100 National Lead 16
100 Natioiul Lead prefd 83
National Steel 57%
200 National Steel prefd 117%
100 New York Air Brake 154
100 North American -.. 86
Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 99
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
....... Pacific Mall 36
11.700 People's Gas ......Ill
7.1O0 Pressed Steel Car 42%
1,600 Pressed Steel Car prefd..... S2%
300 Pullman Palace Car 213%
Standard Rope & Twine 41%
22.200 Sugar ..144%
Sugar prefd 122
B.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
1.200 United States Leather 12%
1,600 United States Leather prefd 76%
200 United States Rubber 20%
BOO United States Rubber prefd 60%
3.100 Western ITnlon 92
109.4W) Amalgamated Copper 115%
1.200 Republic Iron k Steel Co.. mi
1.100 Republic Iron k Steel Co prefd 76
97.100 United States Steel 46%
49.300 United States Steel prefd 93%
P C C & St Louis ...64
1.376,500 Shares sold.
'' ..-¦.-". -¦;¦ CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106%'N Y Cent lsts.-...107%
U S 2a ref coup 106v4jN J Cent ten 5s.. .132
V S 3s reg.. 110%|jf Pacific ?s 72%
U S 3s coup.... ...'.111% N Pacific 4s \105V*
US new 4s reg.. ..139 N Y C & St L 4s.l06
U S new 4s coup.. 139 N T & W con 4s 101 ii
U S old 4s reg 113% Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s coup... 113% ! Or Nav 4s. 104
U S 5s reg lll%;Or Short Line 6s.. 128
U S 5s coup lllVilOr S Line con 5s.. 116
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124 Reading Gen 4s.... 95Vi
Atchison gen 4s....lO2%!R G W lsts 101
Atchison adj 4s.... 96 S L & I M con 5s. 115%
Canada So 2ds 108% S L & S F gren 6s. 131%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. . 106^4 St Paul cons 191
Ches & Ohio 5s....l21%:St P C & P lsts.. .118%
C & NW con 7s... 142 St P C & P 5s 120%
C & NWSFdeb Es.124 !5o Pacific 4s 92
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 97 jpo Railway 5s 110
Colo Southern 4s... 87%;Stand R & T 6s.... 59
D & R G 4s lOl'ijTex & Pac lsts 119
Erie General 4s..... 88%,Tex'& Pac 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts.. 104 Union Pacific 4s. .106
Gen Electric 6s.... 185% Wabash lsts 120
Iowa Central lsts.117 .Wabash 2ds 110%
L & N Unl 4s in2>; West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds SI Wis Cent lsts. 90
M K & T 4s 99 'Va Centuries 95%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ....... 23 Little Chief 14
Alice 38 Ontario ....9 00
Breece 1 30 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix .....03
Comstock Tunnel.... 06 Potosl 07
Con>Cal & Va 1 95*?avage 07
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 10 1 Small Hones 60
Iron Sliver 69!Stajidard 4 15
LeadvlUe Con 051
-- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Moneyr-- West End 98
Call: loans 3 @4 Westinghouse El.. 65%
Time loans 3%@4% Mining Shares— -
Stocks — .' •¦ Adventure 1314
A T & S F 64% J^incham Min'Co... 25%
A T & S F prefd... 95% Amalg Copper ..115%
American Sugar.... 144 "£ Atlantic :.. 31
Am Telephone...... 171 Boston & Mont 398
Boston & Albany... 262% Butte & Boston..... 109
Boston & Maine.. .193 Calumet &-Hecla..S40
Chgo. Bur & Q 189 Centennial 28
Dominion Coal 37 Franklin 18%
Dom Coal prefd....ll2 Humboldt 25
\ Fitchburg nrefd ;.145 Osceola 86
; On Elec prefd. ....222 [Parrot, ex dlv...... 54%
j Ed Elec III..'. ..240 jQulncy 183
: Mexican Central... 23%;£anta. Fe Copper..' 9%
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 iTamarack ...349 .
Old Colony 20S Jutah Minlnj ...... 35%
Old Dominion ..... 32%|Winona 4Vj
Union Pacific ..... 93U Wolverines ......... 51H
WHEAT— Spot, quiet; No. 1 Calif oraia, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s ll»id; No.
1- Northern spring, 6s Id. Futures, steady;
May, 5s 9%d; July, 6s 10%d. - t
CORN— Spot, firm; American ¦ mixed new. 4s
%d; do old, 4s ll%d. Futures, steady; May,
4e; July, 3s lid; September, 3s ll%d.
LIVERPOOL. April 12.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard Calif ornia, 6s 2%d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, ¦ steady; flour . In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
overcast. . ' - I -
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d.
CLOSING. ' '
'. LONDON. April 12.— Consols, 95 13-16; silver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 20c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard
California, 30s; Walla Walla, 29s 6d; English
country markets, easy.
Foreign Markets.
¦ TACOMA, April 12.— Wheat— Quiet and un
changed. Bluesterri, 59c; club, 56%c.
I PORTLAND, April 12.— WHEAT- Quotations
are nominally unchanged, with 57@57}£c the
usual quotation for Walla Walla.
: Cleared— Ship Kate Thomas for Queenstown.
95,870 bushels wheat. . * • ;-.'.; ¦ ¦ ¦
¦! * WASHINGTON. ..
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market:
PORTLAND, April 12.— Clearings, $321,785;
balances, $31,187.
Portland's Business.
SHEEP— Receipts, .4000; sheep and lambs,
steady; export sheep up. to $5 15; clipped lambs
up to $5 15; good 'to choice wethers, ' $4 75@5;
fair to choice mixed, $4 60@4 85; Western sheep,
$4 75@5; yearlings, S4 S0@5 15; native lambs,
$4 75@5 Co; Western lambs, $5@5 35.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over, -2000; market 5@10c higher;
closing strong; top, $6 20; mixed and butchers,
$5 83@6 15; good to choice heavy, $6@6 20; rough
heavy, $5 85®5 95; light. • $5 SO@6 10; bulk of
sales, $6(S6 12%.- ¦
CHICAGO, April ' 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500;: generally steady;' good to prime steers,
$5@6; poor to medium, $3 90® 4 90; stockers and
feeders, slow except choice, $2 7504 25; cows,
$2 75@4 40; heifers, $2 7304 60; canners, $2 10®
2 70; bulls, $2 70@4 50; calves. $4@5 60; Texas
fed steers, $4 25<g5 25; grassers, $3 50@4; bulls,
$2 75@3 90. ... ; . ¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The cotton market
¦was again lower to-day. At one time May
soldi of[ to 7.91c, or to within 9 points of ¦ the
lowest of the week. On the opening a fairly
steady undertone obtained, with prices un
changed to 4 points lower. The market was
flnalfcr dull, with prices net 2@7 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The metal market
was quiet to-day. The general list was with
out change, except, tin, which was nominally
quoted about 10 points lower. The close for
that metai was dull and nominal at $26. In
London, however, prices ; declined £1 under
liquidation, spot closing at £114 15s and fu
tures at £112. , Copper .in London advanced 10s
to £69 13s 9d for spot and £70 5s, but this
factor did not Influence the local market,
which ruled dull and nominally unchanged at
$17 for Lake Superior and $16 62% for casting
and electrolytic. Lead closed dull at' $4 37%.
In London prices reached the lowest point
since 1897, declining Is 3d to £12 7s 6d, but
trading . was . slow. Spelter, was dull at $3 90
@3 95. Domestic Iron markets ¦ were Inactive.
Plglron warrants ¦ $9 50010 50: Northern foun
dry. ;$15 25@16 50; Southern foundry, $14@15 50,
and soft Southern, $13@15 50. Glasgow war
rants closed at 53s 9d and Mlddleboro at 45s 3d.
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL^
Wheat— '¦'¦<'.;¦•' * May. •• July.
Opening ..."...'......•.....;...:..... 5 9T4 6 10%
Closing 5 9% 5 10V»
PARIS. !
Wheat— • ¦ March. May- Aug.
Opening ....................... 18 80 19 45
Closing ...I. MS 75 19 40
Flour — ; . . ¦ : .
Opening 23 75. 24 65
Closing 23 70 24 50
AVai York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull ami easy. Barley dull and firm.
Oats very firm under redveed stocks. Corn and Rye neglected.
No change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Lima Beans closely held at higher prices, j
Potatoes and Onions steady. Vegetables show little change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry in ample supply and weak. / .
Strawberries firmer. Nine cars of Oranges auctioned. '
Large Prunes getting well cleaned up: ¦;
Provisions firm, but showing less snap.
Hops firm, Hides weak and Wool dull. , .
Meat market as previously reported.
Nothing new on the stock exchanges.
FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 12.
Flour, qr ska.... 27,933 Hay, tons 418
Wheat, ctls 1.760 Pelts, bdl* US
Barley, ctls .... 6.445 Hides. No. 133
Oats, ctls 90 Wine, gala 86.100
Beans, sks 41 Sugar, ctls 5.8M
Potatoes, sks ... 4,306 Tallow, ctls 22S
Onions, sks 4S Chicory, bbls ... 25
Bran, sks 800 Lime, bbls ...... 91
Middlings, sks... 320 Leather. Tolls ... 99
Wool, bales 573 Silver, flks 24>
Flour. Qr sks.... 1,122 .>,-'¦"¦
Receipts of Produce.
180 to 225 lbs, 6H@6%c; 225 and over. «©«%c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9%c.
Arrivals of Hogs continue light and the mar
ket rules firm. Mutton and Lamb are weak.
Beef and Veal show no change.
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and 6£7c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 768c ; small.- 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®9c; Ewes, 7H©So per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 9®10c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under. «Hc;
San Francisco Meat Market.
which can possibly arrive here in the next six
months will foot up about liO.OOO tons. This Is
about equal to one month's actual consumption,
showing clearly that S5 per cent of the coal
used here Is shipped from British Columbia and
Washington, and will continue to do so. al
though English and Colonial freight rates are
softening. With the prospects of a bounteous
harvest awaiting us. to move which a large
number of vessels will te needed, forelsm coal
freights may be forced down to a nominal fls
ure, which may enable importers to meet the
market later in the season. Fuel oil is finding
new consumers weekly, and appears to be eulo
gized by those already uslnsr It. Prices for
same are very low, too low to show adequate
profit for the producers. The future will rem
edy this." 2 r.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: ¦ ¦-'¦*
Crushed 6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c: Dry Granulated. 5.53c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; Extra C.
5.05c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 60- lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than .a
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 -per 2000 pdunds and $S 50 per ton. accord
ins to brand. ,. _ .
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two arrivals of coal from Brit
ish Columbia. 7S54 tons: five from Washington,
9551 tons; one from Oregon. 420 tons; one from
Australia, 2440 tons; total. 20,305 tons. Altnoiijcn
deliveries are light, there la no perceptible
scarcity of fuel. Values remain unchanged ana
trade generally Is fair; large sales are being
made this month for the Alaskan fisheries and
the transport steamers. The domestic demana
is diminishing, as spring weather Is commenc
ing to declare itself, and consumption 13 Usnter.
Coal freights from the coast collieries are lower
than last year, and vessels are easily procured.
The total amount of foreign and Eastern coal
WASHINGTON, April . 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $152,03S,6S8; gold, $100,212,637.
Condition of the Treasury.
Atchison, 65%; Canadian Pacific, 97; ; Union
Pacific preferred, S6%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 98%; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda. • 10% ;
Rand mines, 42; United States Steel, 48V4;
United States Steel prefd, 98; bar silver, steady,
27%d per ounce; money, 3%@3% per cent.
CLOSING.
Business slackened ' on the stock exchange
here to-day and the tone depressed because of
the. lack of confirmation- of. the report that a
settlement was to be had with Botha ' of the
South African troubles. The American depart
ment also was restricted for a while in sym
pathy with the general market; but besides this
general cause, the bulls were nervous to-da/
over the drop in prices in New York yesterday
and the fears of dearer money in Wall street.
They sold steadily until In the afternoon/when
upon the New York opening the cables brought
over unexpectedly higher prices and orderr
which hoisted Union Pacific. Southern Pacific
and Northern Pacific. Berlin also was a buyer
of Northern Pacifies. ' Upon these two bull
movements London took courage, buying Eries
and Atchlsons. The i result was a cheerful
close, with prices at the top. Several attempts
have been made to Interview Mr.' Morgan.
They have all proved practically futile.
NEW YORK. Apriri2.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial- cablegram says:
London Market.
bankers' bills at $4 87T4' for demand and at
« 84% for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 85@4 89.
Commercial bills. $4 S3?iff?4.84i4. Silver cer
tificates. 60c. Bar silver, 59c. Mexican dollars.
4Sc. Government bonds, steady; State bonds,
firm; railroad bonds, irregular. • -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
COAL— Wellington. $3- per -ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $S 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, J9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $12 iS in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14: Can
uel. $10 per ton; Coke. 115 per ton to bulk aj"*
BAGS— San ; Quentln Bags, $5 65; . Calcutta
Grain ' Bags. June and July. 7c: spot. 6'ii©7c;
local make. Vac less ¦ than Calcuttas; Wool
Bass. 30<&34c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c. * -
HOPS— 15@2Oc per lb. , 1
General Merchandise.
Everything under this head Is as previously
quoted. Hops are firm. Hides ' weak and" Wool
dull, though somewhat more life in the latter
is reported In some quarters.
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under ' quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c. Cow
Hides, 8}4c for heavy .and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. "l5%c; Culls. 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 16c;. Culls and Brands 12®
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®25c each; short
W r ool, 30@40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium. $101 25 for small and
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. « 75 for large
Jl 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red. ekins, 35c- fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%o per lb; No. 2.
3%©4c: grease, . 2@2%c. - -_ .. •'
WOOL— Spring. 1950 or 1301— Hutnboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free. 120
13c; defective, 9:811c: Middle County, free. 10@
lie; do. defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do de
fective. 7 . months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley. : flne.
15<ai6c: do. medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do fair to good. 9@llc;
Nevada, 10® 12c. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6«ic per lb for
compound and 10%o for. pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins. ll«4c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel. 8%c; , three
half-barrels, 8V4c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb. . . _ .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED ' MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13<f for light medium, 13%c for
light. 14%c for extra light and 15^c for eugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
Beef, 112 50 per barrel; extra Mess, |12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15(gl5 50; extra
clear $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
¦ There Is nothing new to report. Prices are
still firm, but there Is less snap to the market.
Provisions.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson" s fancy, 12c per lb; choice., lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice, 94c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
64c: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c;. 2-crown. 6c
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5%c, and
4-crown, 54c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown.
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 BOftshell. 10c; No". 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12313c
for paper-shell, 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts,
6&6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c: Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts,
$O HQNEY— Comb. 13%@14c for bright and 12%
(g>13c for light amber; water white extracted,
7@7%c; light amber extracted. 5g6c; dark, 40
-C BEESW AX— 25@28c per lb.
PRUNE&r-Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 2c; 30-403, — ;
40-50S. 3%c; 60-603, 3*4c: 60-70s, 2»4c; 70-80s. 2%c;
S0-90s. l%c; 90-lOOs, 14c; 100-120s, lV4c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
FRUITS— Apricots, 6@7%c . for Royals and
8%@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
3Vi@5c; sun-dried. lV£@2c; Peaches. 3®3Hc for
Etandard. 4@5c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Fears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 34@3c; unpltted,
l(31%c; Nectarines, 4@44c for red and 4@5o
for white. ' -
Dealers report 30-40 Prunes all cleaned tip
everywhere, and say that 40-50s will soon dis
appear. The association la shipping outward
freely now, owing to the sharp cut In prices
from 2c to 2c
Continued reports of speculative buying of,
Apricots are heard, but the business is said
to be small. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel ' Oranges, 75c@$2:
Seedlings, ; Tangerines. 50c@$l 25: Lemons,
5Cc@$l for common and $1 25@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50c<3$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$5 50@6; Bananas, $1@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Jl@2 50 per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES—$10@12 per chest for Long
worths . and $6@S for large berries. Receipts
were 79 chests. . '
Nine earn of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navals, $1 35<g>l 65; choice do, 93c@
$155; standard do, 65c@?l 40; 'fancy Seedlings,
$1 05.
All citrus fruits are more or less quiet.
Lemons are weak and Limes are barely steady,
with fresh arrivals due. Bananas are steady,
with fair supplies. There are rather more Ap
ples offering, chiefly from. cold storage.
Strawberries were firmer under reduced ar
rivals.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy, ; standard,
; Eastern fancy, ; standard. ; sec
onds, .
¦ What with the demand for packing and shlp
.rnent the Butter market keeps steady, though
there' Is plenty on hand. The local. demand is
fair. Cheese continues steady, with ample
stocks.
The Dairy Exchange continues to quote a
weak market for Eggs, but there Is no weak
ness evident on the street. The demand for
storage Is still good and keeps spot stocks down,
so the stores are not carrying many. Receipts
continue free. Mixed ranch were quoted slight
ly higher on the Exchange.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 66,300 pounds and 37 tubs of Butter, 1294
cases Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 20,150
pounds California Cheese and — - pounds East
ern Cheese.
.BUTTER- •
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14c; seconds, — ;
¦tore. lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, — — ;
seconds,. ; dairy extras, — — .
Pickle, per pound.
Kes, . per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, lull cream, 94c; choice,
84c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, He per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 134c; stand
ard, 12%c; seconds,* . . . ¦ .
• Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, — .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Gray Geese, *3; White Geese. $1;
Brant, $1 50; English Snipe. $3; Jack Snipe.
$150; Hare. $125; Rabbits, $125 for Cottontail
and 75c@$l for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 2502 75: Ducks. $5©6
for old and $6@S for young; Hens, J4@5 50;
young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roosters, $4 25
@4 50; Fryers, J5@6; Broilers, $4@5 for large
and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons. $2 per dozen
for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs. •
The Poultry market continues well suoplled.
chiefly with Hens and very young fowl, both of
which 'are weak and dull. Ducks. Geese and
young Boosters keep up better than the other
kinds.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS — Oregons. $3&3 50 per ctl; Nevadas.
$3 25@3 75; Cut Onions. SOcKJl .?5 per sack; Aus
tralians, ; Green Onions. 25@40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50c«jI1 25 per box:
Asparagus, $2@2 25 for fancy, fl 40@l 75 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@ll 25 for No. 2; Green Peas.
Slgl 50 per sack; String Beans. 7®10c: Cab
bage, 50@60c: Tomatoes, Los Angeles, $1 50® 1 75
per crate; from Mexico, 75c@ffl 25 per crate;
Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 174c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles. per lb for Chile and
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@lSc: Dry Okra.
20©25c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack: Hot
house Cucumbers/ 25c©$l psr dozen; Summer
Squash, $1 25 per box; Garlic,' 4<g6c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $20@30 per ton.
POTATOES — Early Rose, 70@90c;' Burbanks.
35<g60c for River and 90c@Jl 10 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles from Oregon. $1@1 25; Sweets,
50@65c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@14c
per lb. -
Receipts were 110S boxes Asparagus, 670 boxes
Rhubarb, 745 sacks Bay Peas and 460 sacks
New Potatoes.
Vegetables are about as before quoted
Potatoes and Onions are steady, but prices
show little variation except for New Potatoes,
which are plentiful and lower.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. *Vs@
3%c- for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7H©8%c for Califor
nia and 9@94c for Utah; Rape, 2@24c; Hemp,
3Vic; Timothy. 6Uc. . .--„«,
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2®2 £0; Green. $2 iO@
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal. ¦-!"•;-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos ¦ $2 50@2 70; Small "White. $4 75
©4 90; Large White. *4@4 15: Pink. $1 500190:
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye. $2 75@3; Limas. $6 U
®6 60; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, W 50 per ctl.
for higher prices. Otherwise there is nothing
new to report. "; ¦ ' .
'•¦ Canadian failures number 25 asalnst 29 last
week, 35 in this week a year ago, 25 in 1899, 27
in 1898 and 39 In 1S97.
•Failures for the week in- the United States
number 225 against 188 last week, 152 In this
week a year ago, '243 In 1899, 215 in 1S98 and 195
in 1897. ¦•'. . ..
: From July 1 to date this season, wheat ex
ports-are 162,227.029 bushels i against 1 153,916.286
bushels last season, and 190,332,419 bushels In
1898-99. . - • ' ;'
< Wheat, has apparently discounted the good
crop reports, and better export buying of both
wheat and flour Is reflected In the change from
a bearish to a more cheerful tone. The gain
Jn price, however. Is a slight one. The slight
decline In corn is a result of Chicago manipu
lation. The price of late has tended to restrict
the heretofore heavy shipments abroad.
; Wheat, including flour, , shipments for the
week aggregate 6.405.601 bushels against 4.698,693
bushels last week, 2.SS6.653 bushels in the cor
responding week of 1900, 1.983,618 bushels In 1899,
and 4,425.302 bushels . in ' 1S9S.
decreasing. Good sales of iron and billets are
noted at Pittsburg at last week's prices. Fin
ished products are active, and most mills are
sold ahead beyond July. Despite the drop in
export trade.' some good orders are being re
ceived. * One for a large quantity • of rails said
to be for South America; an order for rails
from Glasgow is also noted, and a 4300-ton
order for structural material for ; a dock in
Japan has gone to Pittsburg. New bridge and
"sky-scraper" construction will take a large
quantity of material. Plates are hleher and
an advance In bars Is noted from St. • Louis.
Copper has sympathized with the stock market,
and is reported higher abroad.
High water has apparently been . reached
and passed for the season In the Eastern shoe
trade, - and shipments this -week are smaller
than last, while one-eighth larger than in this
week a year ago. Orders for rubber goods are
large. Reports from the Western shoe trades
are. in a high degree" satisfactory, both as to
distribution and manufacture.
prevailing concession Iru prices. Wool Is quiet
and some weakness • In washed wool Is noted.
High water In the New, England rivers has
rendered much machinery idle, but this cur
tailment has been rather welcomed. Cotton Is
4c , lower asaln en large movement. . Raw
Sugar • has ' been again . strengthened, and the
advance of 10c per 100 : pounds In refined, an
nourced.thls week, was anticipated by buyera.
who have bouzht heavily. The outlook favors
a further strengthening of both raw and re v
fined grades.' ,•¦" ' ¦ V '
. Iron and steel are aggressively strong. De
spite the fact that pig. Iron. production is close
to the maximum of. last year, stocks are still
No. 1 flaxseed." $1 60; No.'l Northwestern, $1 60;
prime timothy seed, $4 10; mess pork, per bar
rel. $14 40@14 45; .lard.- per 10O pounds, $8 42^4
@8 45; short ribs sides (loose), $3 20@8 40; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@6T4c; short clear
sides (boxed)r $S 374@8 50; whisky, basis of
high wlne3. $1 27; clover, contract grade. tlO 75.
" Articles — . ' Receipts. Shipments."
Flour,- barrels ....:.-.. 26,000 ' '26,600
Wheat, bushels 65,000 " .86,000
Corn, bushe:s ...162,000 70,000
Oats, bushels ..' 208,000 300,000
Rye. bushels ...".. .......: 3,000 ' 7,000
Barley, bushels .........; 13,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, : 15@204c; dairy,
ll@18c. Cheese, steady, ll@124c Eggs, steady;
fresh, 12c. - ~ - -
THE ;SAN FFANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, APHIL 13, 19O1.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Family Retail Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
STATIONS.
I Last I This Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Kan Francisco ...
Fresno
Independence
Fan Luis Obispo.
I^os Angeles
San Diego
I.
. 0.00 44.49 47.17
0.00 22.67 I 20.53
0.00 17.50 | 16.40
0.00 1S.99 17.89
0.00 10.38 7.36
0.00 6.80 2.81
0.00 27.88 15.26
0.00 14.17 5.71
0.00 10.55 3.41
STATIONS.
I Last I This Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
Kan Francisco ...
Fresno
Independence
Fan Luis Obispo.
I^os Angeles
San Diego
I.
. 0.00 44.49 47.17
0.00 22.67 I 20.53
0.00 17.50 | 16.40
0.00 1S.99 17.89
0.00 10.38 7.36
0.00 6.80 2.81
0.00 27.88 15.26
0.00 14.17 5.71
0.00 10.55 3.41
AUCTION: SALES
• ¦¦¦ ' ¦ _
fe .fee £*
AUCTION SALE
MONDAY. April IS, at U a. m.. 40 head
BROKE HORSES. MATCHED TEAMS, sound
young horses from Modoc County: also some
fast PACERS, TROTTERS and business
horses. Horses will be shown to harness be-
fore day of sale. OCCIDENTAL HORi-E
EXCHANGE. No. 721 Howard »t.. near Third.The Chinese possess Mauser rifles and
Kordenf eldt, • Hotchkiss and Maxim guns.
Engagement of Miss Lohse.
OAKLAND. April 12.— The engagement
of Miss Pauline Lohse, oldest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Lohse, to Montell Tay
lor, son of the late James Taylor, resid
ing at 1368 Webster, street," was announced
to-day, t Miss Lohse has been prominent
in social affairs and is one of the leaders
of the younger set. Mr. Taylcr Is a brother
of City Treasurer Feiton Taylor and
Churchill Taylor. ', The wedding will tako
place during the early s-immer months at
the residence of the bride-elect on Web
ster street. . " "
Montana Miners Discontented.
BUTTE, April 12.— The difficulty over
thg eight-hour law proposition in," the
mines : continues to cause trouble and it
Is> not Improbable that -a strike may soon
be ordered. "Within six ¦ weeks ' seven big
copper mines have been closed down and
hundreds of men are out of employment
It Is alleged that there Is an attempt
being made to evade the . law. ajid em
ployes assert that unless it ceases a gen
eral. tie-up may result.
Negro "Lost", by a Mob.
STLVANIA. Ga., April 12.— Kennedy
Gordon, a negro who, it ' is alleged, on
Monday attempted to assault the daugh
ter of David Cowart near Portal, is be
lieved to have been lynched last night
A crowd of men who i started , with Gor
don toward Portal came back 'later. and
reported that, the nesrro had been •"lost."
ODD FELLOWS SELECT. • ;
THE ALUM HOCK SITE
SAN JOSE, April 12.— Past Grand Mas
ter P. K. Gosbey, at an Odd Fellows' ban
quet to-nlght, said that he was in' receipt
of a telegram saying the Grand Lodge
committee would recommend but one site
for the proposed new. home, for aged, and
infirm Odd Fellows, and that would be the
White farm, adjoining Alum, Rock. Park,
near this city. This comprises' 100 acres
and has been bonded at $20,000 by the Odd
Fellows of this county,. who tender ifas
a free gift to the Grand Lodge. •
The Odd Fellows of San- Jose to-night
celebrated the. ninety-third birthday of C.
W. Pomeroy -with a jubilee and banquet,
which the old gentleman journeyed from
Los Angeles to attend. He has been an
Odd Fellow fifty-five years and forty-nine
years ago named and helped to found
Garden City Lodge of this city, unde-. 1
whose auspices -td-night's function was
given. He is still a hearty and jovial
man. He is the father of~E. H. and
George Pomeroy of Los Angeles and Ed
gar Pomeroy of this city. .
SLAYS HORDES
FOR A KINGDOM
lbu Rashid Slaughters the
Troops of Mabaronk in
It was announced in a dispatch from
Bombay, March 8, that Mabaronk the
Sheik of ' Koweyt, was then master of
Central Arabia, according- to dispatches
received by the Times of -India, Mabaronk
having followed up his previous victory
over the army of lbu Rashid by driving
the defeated troops' clear across Central
Arabia, seizing the city of Nejd and de
posing lbu Rashid. The latter appealed
to the Sultan of - .Turkey 'to send troops
from Eassorah, a frontier. city of Asiatic
Turkey, to his assistance, threatening to
stop the overland pilgrimages to Mecca
if he. was not helped by Turkey.
The army -of Mabaronk was lured into
a narrow., gorge, where the hordes of lbu
Rashid swooped down from the mountains
and overwhelmed their enemies. Tho
fugitives who have reached gulf ports de
clare that 5000 men were killed. The fate
of Mabaronk is not known. ;V_*.
BOMBAY. April 12.-Ibu Rashld has re
covered the kingdom of Nejd, Central
Arabia, after defeating Mabaronk, Sheik
of Koweyt, who recently seized the city
of Nejd and deposed lbu Rashid, after a
pitched battle.
Sued for Divorce.
- OAKLAND, April 12.— John Schneider, a
contractor In this city, has brought suit
against his -wife, Annie Schneider, for di
vorce on. statutory grounds.
Curtain lectures frequently pave^the
way for divorce court oratory. ¦:%¦ •
WOODLAND. April 12.— The new city officials
will be inaugurated next Monday. The Boards
of City Trustees and Education will be Demo
cratic by four to one. A Republican City At
torney and a Republican- Treasurer will be
succeeded by Democrats.
SANTA CRUZ. Asrll 12.— The members of
the Grand Army of the Republic, and the
"YV'orrtn's Relief Corps are planning to attend
the Grand Army convention at Pacific Grove
in a body and cam? there. It will be held
during -President McKlnley's visit.
LOS ANGELES, April 12.— General Fltzhu&h
Lee arrived here • thi« afternoon with his*
daughter. His wife, who has been sojourning
at Fort Huachuca. Ariz., is expected to Join
the . eeneral next Monday, and the party will
remain In this vicinity for about a week. .
COAST BREVITIES.
In 1810 public balls and masquerades
were prohibited in New York.
CENSURE MAY
AWAIT LOOMIS
Venezuelan Minister Will
; Have to Explain Some
Statements.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The various
Interviews ascribed to Minister Loomis. at
San Juan have attracted much attention
here, and the Minister probably will be
Invited to explain some. of his utterances
if he is not able to enter a broad denial
of the accuracy of the interviews.
Reflections upon the personal character
of the President of Venezuela are not re
garded as proper according to official eti
quette and it is hoped that the Minister
will be able to repudiate these. Other
wise it will be manifestly impossible for
him to return to Venezuela, even in the.
event that- "the issues which led to his
departure were satisfactorily closed. Tlv>
prevalent idea Is that no matter how thesti
personal questions are settled. It will be
a long time before a United States Minis
ter resumes the post at Caracas.
It Is learned that there will be no official
appointment to ¦ the post at Caracas,
which Is vacated by Minister Loomis. The
State Department expects to assign to
that post some one of the United States
Ministers serving in another capital. It
cannot be ascertained whether the selec
•tion has been.-made.
WOULD LOCATE PLACER
DIGGINGS DOWNTOWN
Woman Prospector Claims She Has
Found a Bonanza on a City
Lot
OA7CLAND. April 12.— Mrs. Annie Glud
nf S04 Franklin street believes that she
car. extract a fortune from the ground un
der the premises of Miss Mary Kelly at
Sixth and Franklin streets. Mrs. Glud
via? drawn to the scene of the supposed
bonanza by the crowd -which gathered to
witness Miss Kelly's contest with the elec
tric linemen who were attempting last
Tuci-day to erect one of their poles in
fronl of her house. In the pile of dirt
¦which the workmen had thrown up in
differing the hole for the pole there ¦were
particles that glittered in the sun. Mrs.
Glud has had experience in prospecting
and as poon as she could safely do so she
secured a. pailful of the dirt and took it
Iionif. Sh*> panned th«» dirt and claims
ihat It yielded $5 25'in dust and small riug
gets
A? pocn as the necessary arrangements
ran be made Mr.s. Glud says she hopes to
run a shaft down on Miss Kelly's property
and prosprutc the business of taking out
the gold on a large scale.
litical Equality Society of this city better
to acquaint tho pupils with the subject
which it advocates and to add to the
school library fund. , .: .
Three young '- ladles and three young
men took part. . A prize of $15. was divided
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aprll^. •
Mrs. Lizzie Treest, who. as Miss Lizzie
Donovan was Jrawn into the family trou
bles of the McKetchnies, believes that she
is the victim of fortune tellers. It v Is al
leged in a suit for divorce just filed by
Captain McKetchnie . that the charges
against her are false.
Mrs. Treest has lived for many years In
the neighborhood where she now resides,
and feels keenly the publicity which has
been elven Mrs. McKetchnie's charges.
S.he said: ¦
"I can only explain Mrs. McKetchnie's
malicious attacks upon me on the theory
th«t her constant association with for
tune tellers has driven her insane. Ever
since one of these fakers told her. about
three years a?o, ; as I am credibly in
formed, 'Beware of the light complex
loned girl in the white house." she has
followed me with the vilest slanders. T
have heretofore paid little heed to her, as
in the neighborhood here she and I are
both too well known to allow her words
against me to have. any weight.
"On one occasion, when she went so far
as to strike me on the public street. T had
her arrested for battery and she was con
victed. Lately I have found out that she
carries a hatchet under her shawl when
ever she goes out, so that I have become
very much afraid of her.
"The woman has been consorting with
these uncanny fortune tellers, and she
has just gone crazy. I am satisfied that
they have put her up to her attacks upon
me. as she has never had the slightest
show of proof of any wrong 1 on my part.
I suppose that the reason I was selected
as a mark for their plots was the fact
that I used to go back and forth across
the bay morning and night, often travel
ing on Captain McKetchnie's boat.
"The neighbors tell me that one of these
fortune tellers visits Mrs. McKetchnie
continually. They tell me that he i* a
smooth-looking young man, and he seems
to have her completely under his con
trol." • • ' ' :
Oakland Woman Traces
Slander to the Effect of
Their Uncanny Oracles. .
B- ERKELEY. April 12.— The wom
an's suffrage question was de
bated by pupils of the Berkeley
High School this evening at the
Berkeley Opera-house. The affair
was arranged by the ladies of the Po-
FORTUNE TELLERS
PERSECUTE HER
Judg« En Route to Manila.
L. R. Wilfley of St. Louis arrived here
last evening. He has been appointed a
District Judge of the Philippine Islands
and will leave on the transport Logan.
Wilfley is a man 35 years of age. He is a
graduate of the Yale College of Law.
NO CHINESE IN SAN
JOSE'S McKINLEY PAHABJE
Federated Trades Receive Assurance
That the Celestials Will
Be Barred.
SAN JOSE. April 12.— The laboring men
of the county have put their veto upon
any Chinese representation in the great
parade of the carnival of roses. To-night
a committee from the Federated Trades
waited upon the carnival executive com
mittee and asked that it be given assur
ance that Chinese would be excluded from
the celebration In honor of President Me-
Klnley. The threat was made that if this
promise were not given, union laboring
men would be called from work on a'l
floats and the Musicians' Union would
not allow bands in the parade.
C. A. Bell, chairman of the workingr
nien's committee, explained that the rea
son for the request was a fear that the
President, seeing the Chinese in their
silken splendor In the parade, might be
lieve the statements concerning 1 Chine«e
labor and Its degrading 1 influence on the
coast were exag-gerated and tljere conse
quently would be a great injery done to
labor. . -
The committee was assured by Director
General Greeninger that the Chinese
would not be given a place In the pro'ces
sion and that the executive committee
had never considered them in making its
plans for the celebration.
MURDERED WOMAN'S
WILL PLACED ON FILE
Document Gives Evidence That Mrs.
Woodman Expected Trouble With
Her Husband.
SUISUN, Apjril 12.— The preliminary ex
amination cf John A. Woodman for the
murder of his wife near Davisville about
two weeks ago wilL take place in Dixon
to-morrow. A large number of witnesses
have been subnenaed.
The will of Mrs. Woodman was filed in
•the Superior Court here to-day by Driver
& Sims, attorneys. for the estate. The will
Is holographic and the value of the estate
is not given. The. document apparently
indicates that Mrs. Woodman had antici
pated trouble. It was dated "Davisville,
June 16, 1899," and is as follows:
This day I will ray property, both real and
personal, to my children. Ethel I wish to
have the ring for the time when I was happy.
It will be an emblem of -her mother's faith.
God protect her and keep her. The earring I
wish for Lancee to be made in a ring he will
always wear and remember his mother. Gregg
should have the rins that wedded me to his
father. God bless you all ; g^odby, sweetest
hearts. If I could live for you. *
GEORGIA B. WOODMAN.
Ira M. Jones, who was shot on the night
of the tragedy, is out of danger and will
recover.
PLAINS FOR THE COMING ':{:¦';
OF THE GRAND PARLOR
Santa Barbara Arranging to Give the
Native Sons a Good
Time.
SANTA BARBARA. April 12.— The com
mittee in charge of the celebration of, the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons of" the
Golden West, to be held here beginning
April 22, has completed the programme
for the week. On Monday morning 1 the
Grand Parlor will be called together for
business and organization perfected. In
the afternoon delegates and visiting Na
tive Sons will be driven about the city in
tally-hos and in the evening a reception
will be held at the opera-house. ;
The delegates will attend the polo game
on Tuesday afternoon between Riverside
and a local team and a ball will be given
at the Arlington Hotel in the evening. ¦
A barbecue will take place on Wednes
day, three miles northwest of Naples, on
the Coast Railroad. The delegates and
the local lodge will parade in the morning
in uniform. It is estimated £hat 1500 Na
tive Sons will be present.
On Thursday afternoon there will be an
other polo game bet«veen the same teams
and the session will close with a ball at
the Arlington.
Horsewhips Her Husband.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 12.— Robert Su
kow, a patent rnedicine dealer, was horse
whipped last night in a crowded business
district by his wife, who claims that he
tried to ruin her good name and has
squandered all her. money. Spectators
who witnessed the assault and encour
aged the woman had to finally force her
to stop to prevent serious injury to her
Epouse. - _ • •
Disarmed Colored Troops.
The police took the sidearms from a
r.umher of members of Troop L, Ninth
rr.lted States Cavalry (colored), on
the Barbary Coast last night. None of
the soldiers was arrested, but their arms
xvere held at the Central station and will
ho delivered to them at the Presidio to
day.
School Superintendent, also delivered an
address. He awarded ihe prizes to the
successful debaters. .' . • ¦ _.-.
The individual winners were L. Kennedy
of the boys and Miss Maud Hogue of the
girls. Mrs. William Keith announced that
the judges would not give their preference
as to the winning team. •
The subject under discussion was:
"Resolved, that suffrage should be ex
tended to womeh.V > ¦ . : . .
The debaters spoke in the following or
der: Affirmative— Harry Sully, Miss Mar
garet Primm and L. C. Hawleyi; negative
— Miss Jessie Munro, Lawrence Kennedy
and Miss Maude Hogue.
Two tasks were given to the judges. One
was to select the best individual speakers
¦and the other to render a decision upon
the debate as a whole. The judges were
¦ Mrs. C. R. Hunt, Phil Owens and A. W.
' Atherton.' '.. ¦
Besides the debate the following pro
gramme was rendered by local musicians:
Vocal solo, Miss Lucille Boettiger; Instru
mental trio, Rudolph Buckley violin. Miss
Grace Smith piano, Paul M. Henry 'cello;
violin solo, Rudolph Buckley, Miss Grace Smith
accompanist. . . :
¦ The debate was under the direct charge
of Mrs. Keith. She was assisted by the la
dies of the olub and a committee from the
High School. This committee consisted of
Owen Adams (chairman), president of the
Associated, Students; Miss Lizzie Nelson,
Miss Julia Dexter, William Cavallier "and
Eugene Parker. , • ,
THE THREE YOUNG LADIES WHO
DEBATED ON ; WOMAN'S SUF
FRAGE LAST NIGHT.
In the Divorce Court.
Lizzie E. Osborn was granted a divorce
from Charles P. Osborn yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Mrs. Osborn testified
that more than a year ago her husband,
¦who was then in New York, sent for her
to join him. informing her that they
v.-ould go to the Paris Exposition. She
went to New York, she testified, and
found that he had gone to Corvallis. Or..
from which place he wrote to her asking
that she forward to him all the money
fhe had. saying that he wanted to buy
horses to take to Alaska. As she only
had $100 and being a stranger in New
York. Mrs. Osoorn decided to keep her
money. Osborn then wrote her that he
¦would never return, and since then. Mrs.
Osborn testified, she has not seen nor
heard from him. She was unable to ex
plain his sudden determination to desert
her.
Sultp for divorce were filed yesterday by
Elizabeth Goffke against Ernest Goffke
for intemperance. B. J. C. Smith against
Rosina H. Smith for desertion. Peter
Brandt against Helen Brandt for deser
tion and Teresa J. Loughran against
Frank P. Loughran for desertion;
WEDS FORMER ACTRESS
OF THE BOSTONIANS
Manager Zippf of the Alaska Com-
mercial Company Marries Miss
Walsh' in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. April 12.— A. F. ZIppf, man
ager of the Alaska Commercial Company,
and Miss Sadie Walsh, formerly of the
Bostonian Opera Company, were quietly
married in this city yesterday. They came
to San Jose from San Francisco on the
1:30 train, and after securing a license
started in search of a magistrate to per
form the ceremony.- Here it was not
mooth sailing, for Justices Wallace and
Richardson could not be found, and Jus
tice Rosenthal was engaged in hearing a
case, which he declined to postpone long
enough to marry the couple.
Persistent entreaties on the part of the
prospective groom induced the magistrate
to change his mind, and he adjourned
court and went to the rooms of the Con
tinental Building Association and. tied the
nuptial knot. Walter G. Lean and A. C.
Geldert were witnesses to the ceremony.
A dinner followed the wedding, after
which the newly wedded couple took a
train for San Francisco, whence they will
start on their honeymoon in an automo
bile.
Prizes for Addresses Awarded fliss Haud Hague and
L. Kennedy, but No Decision Rendered.
The members of the undergraduate body
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons
tendered the faculty and friends of the
institution an elaborate banquet in Maple
Hall of the Palace Hotel last nifcht. It
was the fifth annual affair of Its kind.
About 200 quests were present.
The hall was tastefully decorated for
the event and the guests all wore crim
son and white ribbons, the college colors.
The speeches which followed the repast
were enthusiastically applauded and a
most enjoyable time was afforded to all
present.
M. R. Walker, class of 01. was toast
master, and the following toasts were re
sponded to:
Or. A. E. Osborne. Ph.D.. Superintendent of
th* Home for Fepble-minded at Eldred&e.
•The Country Physician"; R. E. O'Connell.
V. D. S., "Our Dfntal Department": Dr. Wil
liam J. Jackson. Ph.G.. dean of the College of
Pharmacy. '-The Futility and Utility of
Know'.eC.eo"': Dr. J. J. Keefe. Ph.G.. "Our
Alumni"; Dr. W. F. Southard. A. M..
"Ideals."
Judge Carpenter, Dr. B. Williams and
Dr. R. Payne made brief informal
speeches commendatory of the work of
the collepe. "
The members of the faculty and invited
guests who were present were:
Dr. Winslow Anderson, president of the col
lege: Dr. D. A. Hodghead. dean; Dr. H.
d'Arcy Power, Mrs. Power. Dr. A. W. Mor
ton. Dr. Redmond Pavne. Dr. Charles Rosen
thai. Dr. Kncw'.ton. Dr. L. B. Day. Dr. B.
M'illimns. Dr. DodFivorth. Dr. E. S. PIHsbury.
l»r. Fletcher, Dr. Troppman. Dr. Hill. Dr. H.
Plymlre, Dr. Boxton. Dr. Knorp, Dr. llorffew.
Dr. Hlggrlne. Judge Carpenter.
The committee of arrangements was
fomposed of:
Louis Jacobs, class cf 1901. chairman; Charles
K. Driver. M. R. Walker. G. H. Walker. Wil
liam Watkins, H. H. Keene Jr.. P. M. Mar
shall. Julian L. Waller. S. E. Grigs* and
Georre Ki Dixon.
Enjoyable Affair Grot Up by the
Students of the College of
Physicians and
Surgeons.
Embryo Medicos Dine in
State With Their
Professors.
UNDERGRADUATES
HONOR FACULTY
DENVER, April 12.— When he knew that
he had only a few weeks to live, W. W.
CooRe, penniless, friendless and 74 years
old. turned toward the home of the wife
who was divorced from him twelve yeara
ago and ther.e found refuge.
It was just four weeks ago this morning
that he staggered into her home, 1S26
Race street, and told her that he was
seriously ill. She took him in. She sent
for a doctor and a trained nurse, although
she. too, is poor, and gave her days and
nights to watching by his bedside until
noon to-day, when Cooke died.
Cocke was a Texan, served In the Con
federate army during the Civil War with
a band of Missouri guerrillas and was at
one time the leading criminal lawyer of
Denver. He amassed a fortune and at
the height of his wealth divorced the wife
who proved faithful to the last when all
others had deserted him. He lost his for
tune in the panic of 1S93 and was too old
then to build up another.
Husband Who Divorced the Woman
When He Was Rich Receives
Her Shelter 3tef ortt ;' i ; v . ",'
Special Dispatch to The Call
BEFRIEND MAN
WHO LEFT HER
Aged Texan Finds Refuge in
His Former Wife's Home
When Dying.
"William Anthony.
SANTA CRUZ. April 12.— William An
thony, an old soldior. died to-day at hia
home at Soquel. H-? was ftt years of aga
and a native of Ensrland.
LOUISVILLE, April 12. — General
Thomas H. Taylor, who fought in the
Mexican and Civil wars and who had held
the office of Chief of Police of Louisville
longer than any other man. died here to
day of typhoid pneumonia, aged 75 years.
General Thomas H. Taylor.
DILLON. Mont., April 12.— Colonel Otto
Klemm, a pioneer banker and one of the
f unders of Dillon, died last night. He
was 65 years of age, a native of Germany
and had been in America since he was 1*
year3 old. He was a veteran of the Civil
War, having seen service in the artillery
branch. He was cashier and director of
the First National Bank of this city and
well known In banking circles throughout
the State. He leaves a iarge estate.
Colonel Otto Klemm.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
WOODLAND. April 12.— The business
men of Woodland, with the assurance that
half a dozen or more of horsemen who
have large strings to put in training for
the big circuit will come to Woodland,
are subscribing to a fund to put the race
track and all the accommodations intJ
first-class condition.
John Lake of New York won two
stralerht heats of the five-mile motor
naced rare, defeating Arthur Stone of
Denver. The first five miles were ridden
In 8:52 4-5 and the second heat in S:06 2-5.
Stone had a fall In th* second mile, but
was not iniured. and Hirsch. Penry and
Markham fell in the first heat - of the
amateur event, but escaped serious in
jury.
Clem Turville has challenged Lake and
will race him ten miles next Tuesday.
To Repair a Hacetrack.
SACRAMENTO. April 12.— At the open-
Ing of the Velodrome bicycle track here
to-night fully 5000 persons were In at
tendance. Results:
One mile, amateur handicap, first heat—
George Gorman. C C. "W. 30 yards, won: W.
Wlnn O. P. W.. 55 yards, second; J. Hlrseh.
C. C. W., scratch, third; W. Penry. C. C. W..
30 yards, fourth. Time. 2:20.
Second heat— G. Annereau," O. P. VC., 50
jards. won; Gil EldVed, C. ' C. W.. 20 yards.
Focond; A. Fuch3, 65 yards, third. Time.
2:22H-
Final— HIrsch won, Gorman second. An
cereau third. Time, 2:13 4-5.
Sacramento Velodrome Races.
An able address of eulogy was delivered
by Senator E. M. Preston, past prrand
master of the Masonic Lodge of Califor
nia. "The Vacant Chair" was sung at
the grave. A floral offering by the rail-"
road employes and associates of Mr. Kld
der represented a locomotive, the wheels of
red carnations, the boiler and tender
white, the cab and, smokestack of violets
and the base of fern leaves?
GRASS VALLEY. April 12.— The funerat
of the late John F. Kldder to-day was one
of the largest in the history of Nevada
County. The public schools of Grass
Valley and all business houses were closed
during the afternoon while the funeral
was in progress. Masonic Cemetery was
thronged with people, many of them from
a distance.
Representing ?. Loco
motive.
Railway Men Send a Floral Offering
As to its cheapness. C. C. Splnks, who
is using the oil in the bunk and cook
houses at the Caribou wells, says that a
barrel of oil is yet to be consumed in the
bunk i house, where a flre has been used
every nisrht for "months for heating pur
poses. Eighty cents per barrel is about
the retail price of the crude product,
which makes It by far the cheapest, hand
iest and probably best of fuel for domestic
use. ->.
MOURN AT THE GRAVE
OF JOHN F. XIDDER
HANFORD. April 12,— Oil In crude form
has been used on the "West Side for fuel
since last fall and Is proving a great suc
cess. The cook stoves are entirely with
out expensive burners. All that is re
quired is a plate over the lower grato to
prevent the oil running through. A quar
ter-inch pipe is used as a conductor of lh«
oil to the stove. This runs Into the fire
box over the place where the fire la want
ed. The end of the pip© is flattened out
to distribute the oil more evenly, and a
stopcock is used to turn on and shut off
the oil supply. '¦.¦"'.:
As soon as it is necessary to light the
stove the oil is turned on for an instant,
and a small piece of paper serves an a
starter. The oil ¦ begins to burn imme
diately, and as soon as the stove Is some
what heated, the oil burns with a clear
blaze, .leaving little or no residue, and
making no smoke.
Months in San Joaquin
Valley.
Cheap Fuel That Has Been in Use for
TURNING CRUDE OIL
IN" THE COOXSTOYES
OAKLAND, April 12.— A burglar entered
the residence of Dr. L. R. Webster, 12*3
Franklin street, during his absence this
evening and stole $250 or $300 from a safe
in- his office. The strong-box door had
been left open and the thief had only to
smash a small wooden box to get th©
gold. He got *nto the house by an open
window off a front porch. Dr. Webster's
daughter was upstairs and heard the bur
glar at work, but paid no attention, sup
posing her father had returned home. Tha
theft occurred about 9 o'clock.
DR. WEBSTER BOBBED
OF MANY DOLLARS
Clarke Pomeroy Resigns.
OAKLAND. April 11— Clarke E. Pomo
royv secretary of the Oakland Young
Men's Christian Association, has resigned.
having accepted a position as superintend -
ent of Junior work at the Hartford. Conn..
Y. M. C. A. under Noel H. Jacks, whom
Mr. Pomeroy succeeded as secretary in
this city. The resignation will take effect
May 15. Reno Hutchinson. graduate man
ager of athletics at the University of Cali
fornia and prominent In tha association,
work, has been offered the vacated secre
taryship. ¦
BOYS AND GIRLS DISCUSS
WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE QUESTION
OIL MEN AGREE
T0 JOIN HANDS
Committee Is Appointed to
Frame Plan for Strong
Organization..
Large Representation of Producers st
Conference Considered More Im
portant Than Any Yet
Held.
The most Important meeting of the oil
producers of California ever held took
place last evening at the Palace "Hotel.
Every large producing company north of
Tehachapl with the exception of the Reed
Crude Oil Company and the Peerless Oil
Company was represented and the absent
ones sent regrets.
Steps to form a "strong organization . to
include all the producing companies were
taken and a committee was. appointed to
meet this morning at Henry Ach's office
In the Mills building to rrame 'a plan of
permanent organization. This committee
consists of one representative of each of
the following companies: Producers,
Kern Oil. Kern River. San Joaquin, Monte
Cristo. Peerless, Re«d Crude, Globe, Ster
ling, Alma, Petroleum Development, Cali
fornia Standard, Four Oil and Revenue.
Henry Ach. president of the Monte
' Cristo Company, who sent out the invita
tions for the meeting, presided, Charles
Musaus was the secretary. There was a
long discussion in which Henry Ach said
the opinion that the competition of the oil
producers against one another was prin
cipally responsible f or the low price of oil
was general. Ach said the production was
largely overstated and this led to a wrong
impression concerning the amount of fuel
oil available. There was no opposition, he
said, to the formation of -a strong and
permanent organization. ¦ .
The meeting of the committee to-day
will be of great Importance. After the
plan of organization has been agreed upon
there will be another meeting of the com
panies, all of which have offices in this
city. It is 'hoped to steady the price of
oil and to regulate the . market so the
price shall be more satisfactory than it
has been lately. This is one of the lead
ing incentives to concerted action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 12.
Hunt Bros.' big fruit canning plant at
Haywards was wiped out by flre this
morning, which swept the two acres of
wooden buildings to tp& ground. Besides
the- immense cannery proper a new can
making factory was destroyed, with all of
its valuable machinery and $70,000 worth
of tinplate stored for the opening of work
on May 1. Eighty-five small three-room
cottages owned by the company were
burned, ten of which were already occu
pied by families awaiting the beginning
of'the canning season. Six Southern Pa
cific boxcars on a siding near the works
were consumed. The Southern Pacific de
pot was scorched, as were Stone's grocery
and C. K_ Nissen's box factory, across
the tracks from the burned cannery. The
loss is $140,000 and insurance $20,000 less.
The cannery cannot be rebuilt in time to
handle much if any of this year's fruit in
Eden Township. The destruction of the
works throws the orchardists into a bad
plight, for :\hoy have during the past six
years sold be bulk of their product to
Hunt Bros. '-W '„¦•';
J. H. Hunt, the surviving owner of the
cannery, is now in the East. His resident
superintendent, Charles C. Van Eaton,
and Secretary Clarence Cook say they are
unable at this time to tell what will be
done about rebuilding.
The cause of the fire is unexplained. At
9 o'clock last night two mechanics who
had been working in the new can-making
building left the place and locked all the
doors. Four hours later flre broke out in
the east end of the structure, which was
In the center of a group of large wooden
buildings. The cannery site is along the
Southern Pacific tracks, a mile distant
from the towu proper. There was not a
drop of water available. A six-inch main
had been laid from the town water works
to the cannery, but no connections had
been made. The volunteer firemen hauled
their apparatus to the scene aa soon as
the alarm had been given, but all they
could do was to save the little furniture
in the cottages on the grounds. '
The flames had full swing, and hundreds
of townspeople were compelled to stand
helplessly about the flre unable to turn a
hand toward saving the big plant, because
some one had been tardy in providing pro
tection. The nearest hydrant was 3000 feet
away, and- there was no water in the use
less main. r '',-^r--::-
Big Plant in Ruins.
The big plant was in Tulns by 5 o'clock
this morning, and at daylight all that was
left was a mas of blackened corrugated
iron roofing, tin and machjnery. The smol
deringiembers were smoking all day, evi
dence only of the complete destruction of
the works. . •
The disaster was particularly severe In
that the company had everything in read
iness for a big year and had made large
and expensive additions to its already ex
tensive property in anticipation of a heavy
season's output. Two days ago the big
consignment of tlnplate was put in the
works, and $50,000 worth of machinery for
can-making had just been installed. The
Hunt Bros.' concern had not been in the
cannery syndicate and had .prepared to
make its own cans this year. There were
also about 70,000 empty cans, which were
destroyed. There was $10,000 worth of
canned fruit in the warehouses. The re
mainder of the loss is in the burning of
the many other buildings — the cooking,
syrup" and fruit cutting departments, the
box factory an I storage rooms, the board
ing-houses and the cottages.. The latter
were small and were of little value.
Among those who occupied the. cottages
within and without. the works were H. W.
Klee, Mrs. Lummis, T. Tichner, Peter
Connor, C. Zerner, William Arnold. Mrs.
Jose. M. Daken, Joseph Sllva, M. Garcia,
J. Figuera, A. Silveria, M. Cottle. W.
"Walker, O. Owens, James Smith, Archie
McCartney and W. Ross.
Many People Affected.
The occupants had plenty of time to get
out of danger and to- save some of .their
small possessions. Those who were ren
dered homeless were taken in hand by the
townspeople and will receive care and at
tention. •
The cry of incendiarism was raised as
an explanation for the fire, but Superin
tendent Van Eaton was not ready to clear
the mystery in that way. He was particu
larly bitter because of the lack of water.
For several years Mr. Hunt had tried to
induce the Town Trustees to compel the
San Lorenzo Water Company to run Its
mains out to the cannery. Recently the
company started to comply with -the re
quest and a main was laid to within 100
feet of the works. But no hydrant con
nections were put in. leaving the uncon
nected main as useless as if not an inch
of pipe were laid. The superintendent
claims that had there been the ordinary
pressure of water in the pipes the flre
could have been checked at the brick fire
wall which separated the can-making
plant from the cannery building.
He declares he requested the water com
pany to turn in a stream and let it run
into the open trenches, so that a bucket
brigade could have made an attempt to
check the flre. .
The glare of the flames aroused people
at San Leandro. six. miles distant, and an
alarm was given there which called out
the firemen. ¦
The company had expected to employ
from 1500 to 1800 people this season. There
is a bare possibility that the cannery can
be sufficiently rebuilt. to handle cherries,
the season for which will open about June
15 But until President Hunt, who is now
in" Chicago, shall return a definite state
men* concerning the future will not I be
given cut. ¦ * ' ¦ ¦ ¦ * ¦
The Eden Township fruit growers will
have to rely on the San Leandro cannery
and en San Jose canneries and driers to
handle their product unless the works can
be rebuilt In time to take part of this
year's crop. The hundreds of poor families
who depend for employment during the
season at the canpery will suffer serious
ly through the destruction of the plant.
Hunt Brothers' Plant Destroyed With
Heavy Loss— Many Poor Fam
ilies Suffer by the Dis
astrous Blaze. -;i" ;
Two Acres of Buildings at
Haywards Are Burned
'to the Ground.
FIRE DESTROYS
A BIG CANNERY
11
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,- SATURDAY^ APRIL 13, 1901i ;
between the best boy. and the best girl
Mrs. ei Winiam . Keith, president ~ of the
Political Equality Society, was chairman
of the evatiing. She opened the meeting
by a short address dealing with the pur
pose of the organization ; and the subject
under discussion. S. D. "Waterman, Public
c
U*V ¦•'¦-.. ¦ ..¦¦¦... - - - . t&V
I Biliousness and Torpid Liver, I
ggi Caused by overloading the stomach, leaves your system Id a condition that makes 3MS
«A - • • VSff
pfi you susceptible to contagious diseases. If your stomach and llrcr are in good 5V
condition you will always enjoy . good health. No medicine in . the world has at- J^^
AA_ tained such a world-wide reputation or been Indorsed by so many famous and well- «•»
yfiii known physicians for the positive core of Stomach troubles, Biliousness and Liver ¦ &V
yu ¦¦¦.¦-¦'. ¦ • • ¦ • ¦. ¦ . I - . ' • mu
S« complaints aa . # : %n
?$«& "• •¦¦ ¦ ¦•' : _-j-^'-'^^'-"----'-- ' ' ' %%
| ' mwgMiMms |
????j Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 30 Years. &t<
«§3 i AVERAGE DOSE: * One-hair tumblerful taken half hour before breakfast will V>*«?
[A] ' cleanse your system, leave your stomach in a healthy condition and create an appe- fA
I^'-^ -¦'¦:¦--:¦- -.¦ ; .,-. . ¦ ' . • '- . p&
W' 1 nCXtf at thc Lal>cl, ; J\ C^ \f f or the Foil Name, $$
.g$: \-Xj\J IX Blue and Red. \ % L\\D IV "Honyadi-Janos"
Household
Economy.
Nevertheless, there is economy
in using it, as you require only
two-thirds as much Cottolene for
shortening as you do of lard, but-
ter or any other cooking fat.
Then isn't it wasteful not to use
We have never asked you to
buv COTTOLENE because it 'is
cheap. We want you to buy it
because it is the best shortening
and frying medium produced. It
makes the most delicious and
wholesome biscuits, crusts, muf-
fins, cakes, etc., • that ever de-
lighted hungry man.
White
Cottolene
«
¦ The NXFalrbank Company,
Chicago-Sole Manufacturer*.
FRFF! Onr d »'nty booklet.
riVLC- « A j>u bUc Secret."
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c stamps we will
tend free our 125-page recipe
book. "Home Helps." edited
by Mrs. Borer.
P. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENBTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
12
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ssn Francisco
Ca. . corner of Market and Third, etreets: open
undl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAN'CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrncr Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SW Hayes rtrcet; open until f:30 p. m. -;. -
C33 McAlIiFter street: open until S:!0 p. m.
r €15 Larkin 6treet;cp' until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22M tlarket etreet, corner sixteenth ; open
t.T.til.9 p. rn.
:o« Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CJC Valencia stroet; open until 9 p. m.
r< nh west comer Twent--s»cond and Ken-
tucky streets: open untl! 9 p. m. -
/ MEETING NOTICES.
C~OLDE7r~G;Ue JCncamjuncnt l -tK/^
O. O. F- meets THIS EVENING 8 \f
o'clock, I." O. <J. F. Hall, Seventh and >^V
Market. Patriarchal degree. * X
F. L. TUHP1N". Chief Patriarch.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, -#Jjf^*{-
I <> O. F. — Regular rr.«»»Ung : ~?£ZSS&=
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Third degree.
A. K. KINGSFORD, P. M.
ST ANDREW'S Society— Annual v &u
family picnic will be hold «t Fair- «\ QS//2
f.-.x Park on SATURDAY. May
-, !901. St. Andrew's Society of
Oakland «r_ nartieirate.
ALLAN POLLOCK. President.
CEO. ST. JOHN EliEMXKR.
ADOPTIOX. _^
GOOD fconi«s op«n for healthy boy and gtrl
babies. MRS. DR. FITNKE. 141C Sth. Alameda.
ASPIIAI.TO1 KOOF1XC.
J. PELTIER, ftcp_3t rcofing, sidewalks re-
rslred; postal. 11£6 Mission: '.e:. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS".!!' LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 532 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
\V\ DAVIDSON. 927 Market ct.-. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BO— OOIXG KOK CHILDREN.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board; yard: best of care. 1607 California st,
NICE family wishes to take care of 1 or 2 chil-
¦ n<»ar school. 4iO Taylor st.
IHSIMSSS CIIANCK S.
A— $330; PARTNER .wanted In commission
business. Call It. G'. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— i 1000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $1S5: sickness In family cora-
I>e'.s owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. -X'i Kcarr.y st.
A— I20CO; PARTNER wanted la old established
flower store v.-ith nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
¦all description; ebiab'ished many years and
doing a money making business. Particulars
li. G. WILKE, Kearny st. . -
A— J1000: FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
' restaurant; choicest downtown location ; do-
Jr.g a good paying business; rent J50; a rare
business offer. Call XL G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— 513C0; DELICACY and provision store; 1
block from Market gt.; dally receipts from
135 to 540: a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— flSCO; SALOON in wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $30; dally re-
ceipts $3S; pood business; owner engaged
. <herr.:se. Call R. G. WILKE. :6^ Kearny.
A-fCO; SALOON; corner: only one blocS S. of
Market St.; net rent ?35; a flrst-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2G\i Kear-
ny Et. s~
;ro CIGAR stands, :09 groceries and bars.
SCO candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
•P00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
1'arties with fl"0 up fan be suited. If you
went to buy a busir.»r-s call and see us.
WALTER HAVES At CO., S3S Market st.
1-"OR private sale; some </ the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Mkt.
ntSTAURANT: ciears JlTiO a month: down-
Xown; P00; goou location. JOSEPH BAILIE.
739 Market t=t. .
QBOCERY and bar on Howard St.; rent $50;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement;
rt500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7^9 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICE— 'Wo have several excep-
¦ tionaily desirable candy, notion, bakery and
• .lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
f tores: also restaurants, barber shops and
taloor.g. FISHER & CO., 933 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted in an old established
• cash business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $S'J a month
to ea'.-h. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. C31' Market st. ' i
Jl'OO— RESTAI'ItANT: here's a 6nat>; worth
£22»0; fir.-'t -class place; business $65 a day:
partners* quarreling; bound to sell: heart of
the city. H'NDlN y & CO., 306 Market st
A— J3iO; BQSTAUBANT; no better location In
the city; this is positively worth over tlOOO.
but it mu^t go immediately. Business Board
of Traoe. 326 Pine St.; phone Davis 326.
FOR tale — Saloon with 4 living rooms at a bar-
Bain; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply at 21i Steuart st
CIGAR Ptore for sale If desirable: good win
and fixtures. 206Vi East St., near transport
dock.
HARDWARE rtore; supplies all ship carpen-
ters and joiners. Apply 16 Fclsom st.
¦WANTED — Re>pectable young lady or man as
partner in candy buEineps. 941 Folsom st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call office.
"Jl'NK and second-hand store for sale cheap.
8044 Twenty-fourth Et.
RARE CHANCE for 2 good men: Ocean House '
road nareery ior sal", with all improvements; j
plants, bulbs, horses, wagons, greenhouses, 4 .
big tanks holding hO.QOv gallons, plenty water, i
engine to pump It, pipes covering 15 acres ;
land; best place to laise flowers and vejre- !
tal>le«; 1 block from lugleside electric car; ]
leaee 10 years; reason for. selling, retiring;
from business. Anptv on place or 25 Fourth ]
street. • I
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years |
• a lerse California house would like to make
other connections in canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc.; best references furnished if neces-
B»ry- Address room 311, Board of Trade build-
ing. New OrWni.
• OtTTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
- Call Business office. "
J16no— CORNER wine and liquor store; splen-
did chance: to be sold at once, having other I
, bUFiness; large basement; everything new;
S-year lease; rent $40. Box 339. Call office. |
WANTED— Men of mear.s to put a patented
Rrtlrle en the market. N. DOBBINS S04
Ftwcktcn st. " I
Jl*) — GOOD paying business; dairv. produce
and delicacy store- rent ?12; call early; leav-
lng city. ZZi Fifth st.: furniture included,
FOR Sale— Well-cstablUhed laundry route do-
• ing g\>od business; also good paving laundry
office. L. F. B.. box IS3S. Call office.
PAYING restaurant (.water front) for sale,
cheap: pri^e $s:,0; rent, with water. $15; owner
has other business. Call 12 Washington Bt.
COFFEE and lur.ch room for sale: suitable for
sr.an and wife or two ladies; no reasonable
offer refused. 7C4 Polk Et.
FOR SALE— First-class shoo fhop; will ecll
_chear>. 1324 Union st. . '
SS50— TOBACCO and ci*ar store. w;th living
rooms; downtown. Box 29S9. Call ofuee.
J1500— GOOD corner grocery; bar; no opposi-
tion; cash trade. Box B. SCO Hayes st.
BRANCH bakery, notions and candles. 1906 '.
Mission si. . ;
CLD established corner saloon: 2 sunny living i
rooms; no reasonable ctTer refused. 554 4th. j
MAN with $300 to jcin advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. ISax 2413. Call.
KOR SALE — A first-class restaurant: average
sales Uj per Jay. Box ~>63. Call orf.ee.. -
PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
good paying business for $3C0. 2204 Fil'.more. ;
LODGI.\G-HOIJSES~F6li~S_LE^ <
jCcameron & co.. '
£50 Market st. at.d S Stockton Ft.
Rcon-is 21. 2* and Z2. Phone Bush £S.
¦If you have hotel, r^orotng-house or business
to eell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and rric?s.
Huyers. tee our list r,t bargains:
"Si rooms. Van Ness; ront J1S0; boarding
house: good furniture and carpets ssios)
SI room; Market: rent JJ50: good transient:
alweyn full; good Investment ..JUOO
Si rooms: Howard; rent *S0; good transient
house: pay* wc!l $900
10 rooms; Turk; rent ISO: new $1300
IS rooms; rent $Ci: sardwood furniture; good
carpet* ; clears $100; privjte boardlnjj-house.SllOO I
15 rooms; rent J70: elesur.t furniture, with
piano; always full: table board $1100 I
Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
conable rales.
JOSETir BAILIE. T39 Market: rhone Black 4071 I
JO rooms and k!x kitchens: Ellis st $16CO I
? rooms and linth; rent $30; O'Farrell- ' '
worth J701: only 5C0
16 roc:r.?. fminy; rent $110; Post jjoo
!0 rooms nnd bath; rrnt ?J0; Eddy fin
IS roo:i»s: rent IW: Third *t. : chei? scj
Man}" others to choose frcm.
LODGING
_XECT A HOUSE FROM ALL......
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner: line for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market BOO
14 rooms on Third Bt. near Market 650
14 rooms on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent $60: clear- $150 1000
24 r- jms; north or Market; clears $200... 20CO
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2S0O
24 rooms on- Geary St.; clears $135 WOO
44 rooms: positively the best: clears $300.. COW
,85-room house; clears $S00 MOO
80-room boarding-house; clears $600 SOW
S-room flat; sunny side.... .'...;
6-room flat; very good *-•»
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7?o.
JICO.COO to loan at U4 per cent.
H. C. DECKER 1020 Market St., opp. *»>h.
ATTENTION. SELLER— I can sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER. 1020 Market.
SELECT- YOUR . HOUSE FROM THK
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
5 rooms; fine location; olegant furniture. iz.^'
11 rooms ijil way j fuU; Rood income; only.VWO
IS rooms ;T-unny corner, cheap rent $1j0*
27 rooms; apartment house- well turn — $•>'<¦
'.$ rooms; downtown; a wise investment. »2-j..O
• S3 rooms; modern house; ciears $430 mo..$'J.~M
¦ 130 rooms; flrst-class l.ot-1; bus. people.. J^V^O
Hundreds to choose from $100 to S100.COO
Also boarding houses aw? country hotels.
See our i-p?cial bargain 1st before buying.
WAI/TEH HAYES fk 'CO.. S3S Market st.
SKE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
(0 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4.".00
12 rooms, new. clean; clears $50 980
U roonis sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
30 rooms! all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only J.200 'cash, balance pay-
ments 5°°
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and h6-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; g-eneral satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G W SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market Bt., opp. Mason.
43 rooms; north of Market; only — : J16C0
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $30; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
IS ROOMS; Fifth St.; rent $63:' price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45 r- price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $£0; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant avo. : rent $75: price $1500.
EUREKA REAL. ESTATE. 2S Sixth st.
24 SUNNY rooms; lent only $70 .$170)
17 rooms; all light; transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand KO')
35 rooms: Howard; well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
a! a! . • a.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.— By Call bid-.'.
I have houses of all slz*s and prices for sale
apd exchange. I will lend you part of the
money and eet you a sro.-xl title.
OLD established boarding-bouse; 25 "^elegant
I large rooms; corner; fine grounds.X with
, stable; downtown; must sell; leaving}- no
I triflers. Box 293S. Call office
I A — 13 SUNNY rooms; near Taylor and Post;
low rent; best class roomers; cash buyers
only; $9C0. Box 2514, Call office.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house ; 12S'.4 Xlnth
et. : pood location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented. .
$730 — 12 NEWLY furnished rooms; all full
steady roomers; central. D. McRAE, 837
Mission st.
$650— A BARGAIN'; 15 rooms. 590 block 'on El-
lls st. D. McRAE. S37 Mission St.
14 nOOUS. central; transient; neatly -urnlslied;
rent $40: harcatn. Donnrliy Co.. «."!2 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — The celebrated eypsy Prince Les-
I ter, wtioseKfree tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
! world so sure of his occult power that. he will
i Bive every person who comes prepared a won-
[ derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers. 13S2 Market St., -opp. Seventh.
! AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
i world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
I all affairs of life; lawcuits, divorces, deaths;
unites- the separated; mining: « specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
¦ Kesid. (no si^ns). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin.
; FREE— W". Broekv.-ay, nervo-pathlst, locates
j disease without asking questions, looking at
) tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
j cure; nervou^ and chronic diseases treated
i without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. .ave.
• A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
! medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; slt-
| tings fL 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
[ A— PROF. GEE. 513 Jones st.: price 50c and $1;
by mail $1; circles every night, 10c.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
i and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
EARLE. 622 Geary* St.. telephone Polk 1297—
! Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAlllf=t»r— Mrs. C. J."
I Meyer: sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c;
j CLAIHVOVAXTS.
I MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS ! ' \
ClairA'cyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 1? Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble.dlscontented, un-
happy, or not satisfied in lifp. or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
! great medium and you will be told how to
j overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
! of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
' MRS. DR. F. CLARK, tho well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special* terms. Daily and Sunday.
1 3tME. ARN-DT. the great clairvoyant.' tells
j past and futur£; never fails; has the greatest
' Kgyotian secret; shows picture of future hus-
• band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215^4 Sixth st.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i Teader, born with double veil — second sight:
i diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
I gents $1; palm, .and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
: VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
| a Hairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
i suite. 26Vs Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
j IRMAR, the Egyptian' gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op..
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
I MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor.eth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh Et.
JIMKX RENNER, life, planet reader, palmistry;
ladies only; 23c and SOc. 725 Ellis st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
| advice; names given; 23c up. .5 Fourth Et.
CARPET BEATISG AXD .CLEAXIKG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 303-357 Tehania st ; tel. South 49.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. •
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, msr.. 3S-40 Sth Bt.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 210 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co. . 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. S Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
-Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
_________ „
'CORNS, bunlcns. Ingrown nails, warts chil-
i Plains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE 5-roora cottage; reasonable rent. 116
Sweeny st., nr. Golden City House, San Bru-
no road.
'COTTAGE of 3 rooms; water; rent $3. Apply
Jersey and Sanchem &ts. , - -
________
AT the "EI7ECTRO-DENT AL~c"LINlc7lOT~Ma£
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. .7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 53 up; of-
flo" hours. 9 a. m. to- 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 3
V. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
59c; plates, $.".; full set; nil work painless and
| warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth.
GRADUATE dentist in order to build up a
practice will till teeth, make plates, gold
crowns And brldfe work at bedrock prices;
payments. Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old i>l:»»«-s made over like new; teeth
from $S.por set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
liXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates." gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices: payments.
Office 1141 Po!k St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
) 4' / 1 \ . '^arvjtwufc X'j*!.ag .* *ne&r ¦ : >BBa& ¦ //N- : ,
) « ' \- : ' «¦ : , ./
Jill J. SILVERMAN, , |
\ j 7 ' — e_j^-De-*l.e» in New ano Sgeo»p.Hi»n.f=^ <=3-~. . u
\ I Ladies' and Gents' Clothing
>\\ ""*»M3oots and Shoes, Trunks and Valises,*^*"-- !
ij I Old Gold and Silver Bought Sold and Exchanged., !
I { 984 .- TOTfBQ'm §T. f Bet. 5th. & 6tU, i
¦ \ Telephone Folsom 1191. * ' :"J+->
! } '¦S^^^^^^^g^prir 12, ,1903 J
I Business Manager t . . ¦ ;
? Please continue my- ad. under ' 'Per_ !
| sonals" until further notice. I have been <¦
fj advertising in :"The ¦Call" for some time,
: ;; and have had good and satisfactory re- <
! ; suits. Yours truly, ;
DENTISTS Continued. "
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;bridgework. Operf Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kear»y, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
! DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. denttst,- third- floor, Ex-
aminer building ; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. comer Sixth.
SET of teeth without * plates. DR. 5] oT
YOUNG, 1341 Polk St. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cutl 1019- Market St.
i ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
j attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
GALLAGHERoJaRSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing ami bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert couit reporter, teacher of
shorthand ; • reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
j S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,' lan-
I guages, telegraphy, English .branches, civil,
¦ electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
| & night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
j AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Dav
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
I raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
j instruction; positions secured catalogue' f reo.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I PRIVATE teacher, with several years' suc-
cessful experience, desires a few pupils in
Eng. branches; special attention young chil-
dren; best refs. 19. Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE lias posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written 'contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 LarUln St.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; (lay, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 1*3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San FraD-
! Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; indlvid. instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
I guitar: experienced. 100S Mission st.
CROWS Dancing Academy; private or class;
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st. •
ARITHMETIC. bookkeeplHfei'grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; 55 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tl).
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
/ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
XEW office; Italian, American and French em-
ployment office— Wanted— Cooks, waiters and
I all kinds of workingmen. A. BALDAS3I &•
I CO., 206 Montgomery ave. • .
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391. •
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-.
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell. nr. Sutter; tel.BIack 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Beft help. KWVj O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPIiOYMEXT AVAXTED— FEMALES
COMPETENT woman wants a situation 'In an
American family; Is a good cook;- willing
to go short distance In country; wages $20 to
$25. 214 Fifth st. "¦
RESPECTABLE Scandinavian woman -wishes
situation to do housework In small family;
Is a good cook; no postals. 13 Mosa St., off
Howard, bet. Sixth nnd Seventh st.
ENGLISHWOMAN offers her services to fam-
ily going to Europe as useful companion or
charge of children in return for passage. M.,
2007 Howard st. • ¦
FRENCH girl desires a position to do laun-
'dry work in a private family; references. Ad-
dress 1422^ Pacific St. . ¦ : '
NORTH German young woman wishes posi-
tion »s housekeeper or . to cook .in a small
family: first-class references. Box 2986, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes to work by the day,
washing, ironing and housecleanlng; is a
good laundress. 731 Minna st. -
COMPETENT young woman. North German,
wishes position as lady's maid or nurse; fine
sewer; first-class references. Box 29S6, Call.
A YQT3NG girl wishes a situation In a ' small
family to assist In light housework. Call or
address 23 Federal, bet., First and Second,
Bryant and Brannan. > .' v:-v>'
YOUNG Swedish lady wants a nice position,
with boy 7 years old; references; no objection
.to country. Address P. K., 641. First ave.,
Richmond. -. . ". . '¦¦
SWEDISH lady wishes ladles' fine clothes to
laundry. At ' 111 California ave., between
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, off Mission.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. Apply 1233 Folsom st. . . ¦
WANTED— Housework by woman of 45 years.
- Call or address MRS. D., 304 Stockton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
f Het— 200 rooms; 23c to Jl EO per night; $1 50 to
4$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and lrom ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office. Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st. .¦ ' . ; - ».
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALeTT
WANTED— By man and wife, situation to take
charge of private place; city or country
• Swiss people. Box 3S02, Call office.
SITUATION as manager on gentleman's estate-
thoroughly competent;. 11 years in last em-
ploy. Box SS01. Call office. ! \^v":'
MIDDLE-AGED man," s'.ber and reliable, wants
any kind of employment; small wages; good
referei:cos. Address MR. ' PRINZ, 13 Harri-
son ave.,' off Folsom St., between 7th and Sth.
K3IPLO YMKXT WASTED MALE.
STRONG youngr German wants to do any
kind ol work; knows how to take care of
horses. 135 O'Farrell et. • ' • > •
PHOTOGRAPHER, up-to-date, from Philadel-
phia, desires position. Box 2995, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by ¦ temperate young man
to look after gentleman's place; understands
the care of horses and carriages; Is a first-
class butter maker; understands the use of
hand separator ; also good milker;, under-
stands the rearing of chickens; general all
. around man. Box 29S5, Call office. . ¦
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position In private family,
i summer resort, institution; can care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, horses, cows; all round
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
encee. Bos 2935, Call. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
YOUNG man from the East desires position In
some hotel; clerking preferred; bonds fur-
nished. Address P. A. B., Yosemite House.
1045 Market st.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender; - city or country; best of refer-
ences. Address G.'M., 1104 Larkln Bt. ¦
WANTED — By _ married man, ¦ no children,
steady position as blacksmith; good all
around smith;, city or country. 8876 Silver
Bt., near Thirty-eighth, Oakland.
WANTED— By young .. married man. from the
East, situation as plumber's helper. Call or
address 1433 Stockton St.. room 1.
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
can speak French and English; is a musi-
cian. 818 Pacific st. .' '
A GRADUATE in pharmacy wants employ-
ment in city or country: single man. . Ad-
dress Druggist, box 2921, Call.
YOUNG honest Japanese boy wants situation
as schoolboy in the city. Address T. SUGU-
,KAWA, 113 Church st, -
GENTLEMAN desires situation as cook; city
or country; steady; references. Box 29S7. -Call.
MAN. wishes position as club or hotel porter;
first-class references. Box 2990, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦
FINANCIAL.
FOR ' INVESTORS nT~™™~ ~~~
I OFFER— FOR- SALE
Unimproved and income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
_ loan; In\-estments made; bank references;
correspondence solicited. » '
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
- Room 40, 310. Pine St.,
• • . • . J.\ San Francisco.
$60GO LOAN wanted on Improved ranch prop-
erty within 65 miles of S. F. ; will pay 8 per
cent net. Box 2S43, Call office. .
FLATS TO LET.
A — CLEAN, sunny, modern 5 rooms, bath; nice
garden. $20. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
A SNAP — $8; clean bay-window, 3 rooms, north
of Market. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St."
HAIGHT, 459A, near Fillmore— Flat of 4
sunny rooms and yard; basement; laun-
dry; $12. - . - .
HANDSOME flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1210
Scott St., near Eddy. •
NEAR City Hall; fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
• and bath. 12 Grove st. ' .
NEW flat 6 rooms and bath. 1261A Mission st.
SEVENTH, 336— Middle flat of 7 rooms and
bath; modern: rent reasonable. , .
SUNNY upper 7 rooms, bath; tinted; sanitary
plumbing; low rent. .937 Hayes St. ;
TWO new elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms, on
. Church St., near Eighteenth. __^
$11 50— REAR; sunny 5 rooms; 2-story bouse.
2510 California St.; apply middle flat.
$6 CO— FLAT of 3 rooms. 246 Harriet St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Harrison and Bryant.
FLATS TO (LET — Famished. ;»
A NICELY furnished flat; 7 large sunny rooms;
fin© marine view. 1313 Leavenworth st.
ELEGANT corner flat of 7 rooms: furnished;
near Mission High School. 654 Church at.
Fl'RMTt'KE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished l"ln cak, $4S P0, with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS' of furniture- carpets and
• stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission Bt.
FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
. etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buya &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets., etc
IF you want to sell furn.." md«e., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furh'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, ! carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market at. : tel. Jessie 761.
. HELP. WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
" 10 waitresses, commercial hotels, fare paid
$25
Waitress, Ukiah, fare paid.. $25
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city
......: $20, ;3o
2 chambermaids to wait, city '.$20
Boarding-house cook, city $35
Masseur and shampooers, baths.... ....... ....$30
Cleaner, institution ."«..£»
-FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl ' for small American family, city.
no washing ..$15
- Nursegirls, good home ¦ $12
Houseglrls, second girls, nurseglrla, city and
country. - .
C. R. HANSEX & CO 10* Geary it
WANTED— Four second girls, $25; 4 cooks.
German style, . $30; • 6 girls for country- on
farms for housework, $25: seamstress for In-
stitution, $20; scrub -woman for institution,
$20; 2 nurses, $25; 16 waitresses for city
family hotels and also for country, $20;. 40
girls for housework. $25.- Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— First-class trimmer In millinery de-
. partment.. Apply HALE^ BROS.. 979-SS7 Mar-
ket st.. before 11 a. m.
STENOGRAPHER who understands Spanish:
applicants must state former employment.
Box 2997. Call office. . .
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for, light house-
work; family, of 3; wages $10;' In 'country.
Call 111 Leavenworth st. - " • '
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; -terms
reasonable. Hairdressing College. 674 ; Geary.
OPERATORS en. wrappers; also .button-hole
.'maker; gocd pay. rjUDA BROS.," 109 Battery.
/. HELP. WANTED— FEMALE— -Con.
•¦¦¦¦¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...... ,....
- Head waitress, - summer resort,"* $30; 2 wait-
I reuses, same . country - hotel, near city, - $20.
fare paid; 10 waitresses, different, clfy and
country, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait,
$23; 2 cleaners. Institution, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish or German cook, $30; 'houseglrl. 2 in
family, Alameda, $23; houseglrl, - Berkeley,
choice place. $25, see ladies here: many others.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
GIRL" to" cook and assist' In "Alameda. 'H. A.
SMITH. 25 Market St.. S. F.
WANTED— Girl' to assist in cooking and house-
work; wages $12. Call bet. 9 & 12. 1910 Gough.
GIRL for housework. Call at 1519 Buchanan
st., near Geary. .
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family. Call 9 .to 12, -1810 Laguna st.
GIRL to wait at table; no experience needed.
245 Fifth et. . •. : -
W ANTED— German waitress. 567 Sixth St.;
call early. • .
GIRL wanted for general housework. ¦ Call
after 9 a. m. at 2061 Mission st.
HELP for housework and plain cooking; sleep
at home. 1124 Church st. . ¦'. ¦¦
BRIGHT girls to learn good trade. M.
KRAKER, 226 Bush St.
YOUNG lady for bookkeeper and cashier. Ap-
. ply mall only. ALFRED LILIENFELD, 90S
Market st. « , ___^^
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. ..EAGLESON & CO.. 635 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operator on silk waists; good
pay. ICONIGSTEIN, 409A Turk st.
GIRL to make herself generally useful, S3 to
$10. 519 Van Ness ave. -_-
WANTED— An errand girl at 766 Geary st.
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
. small place. Call evening at ' 710 ! Lombard.
WANTED— Smart girl to . work in * shooting
gallery. ¦ Call . at G15 Pacific, st. .
WANTED— A good operator on pants; steady
position. 36 Geary St.. room 33. '. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia St. - -" ¦
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A^2raR^LY J XoRE^D^.Tr??JPh^nTlSairi8«
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents, -
....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY...;
- 7 carpenters ¦ for ranches, sawmills, etc
Painter for an institution $75
3 rough painters, country $2 50 day
- Painter and paperhanger, country
12 blacksmiths $60, $50. $3 and $2 CO day
4 blacksmith helpers Carriage painters
FARE PAID TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
2*- laborers, no experience necessary...........
• .......:.... ...$26 and found
19 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
10 milkers and butter-makers $30 and $35
•GOLD MINERS..... SEE BOSS HERB
4 machine miners.... $75 and found, fare paid
4 farmers and wives. $46 and $40
-Cleric for bakery...*.*.. .......*.... $30 and found
7 bakera, hotels and country shops.. $50 and $45
Cooks, waiters, laundry help
FOR FULL LISTS COME DOWN AND
READ OUR BULLETIN BOARDS....
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.* S.... Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK."
Headermen and drillers, big tunnel $2 BO
, Teamsters . for Nevada.... Free fare
2 millwrights, $3 a day; 3 carpenters, $3 a
day, for country sawmill; 10 laborers to build
'.railroad In' the woods, $26 and board, fare
advanced; 3 milkers for Oregon, $30 and fare
paid, see party here; blacksmiths, $2 50 and
$2 a day; 4 farmers. $25 and $26; man about
place, $25; 50 woodchoppers, $1 60 a cord.
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
• Chef, country hotel, $100; second cook for
club, $95; fry cook, country hotel, $65; fry
ccok for a restaurant, city, $65; baker, in-
stitution, $35; waiters, kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc. • ' : ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AN engineer and electrician; country; $75 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
A-WANTED •
Coachman and assist gardener. .$40 and found
Candymaker and tend store, country
$12 50 a, week
2 milkers, same ranch, near city $30
• 2 farmers. Santa Clara County...: $26
Machinist and lathe hand for Oregon
Head lineman and run donkey engine
'. $60 and found
Spooltender for south $45 'and board
2 milkers, country •••• $30
Portuguese milker, near city.. .....$30
Ranch blacksmith and shoe. ...$40 and found
Milker for Point Arena $30 and faro paid
W-: P- EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. :
A— WANTED ,............;
Youth for our office; $5 a week and Increase.
'AV.'D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
GARDENER, $30 and found; 3 bricklayers for
mine, see boss here, $4 day; man and wife,
private family, $50; milker and wife, $50; 2
fruit farmers and wives, $40 and' $45; 10
milkers, $30 and $35; 10 farmers, $25 and $30;
American driver for milk wagon, $30 to $40
and found; young German to drive milk
wag-on, $25 and found; woodchoppers, tie-
makers and many others. J.F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WAITER and wife, private family, $50; hotel
cook, country, $40 and found; fry cook, $65;
second cook. $12 week;, pie baker, $12 week;
third-hand baker, -J33; . hotel waiters, pot
washers, dishwashers; saloon porter, $30; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. . "
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d; phone Red 31.
1 flrst-class furniture and" carpet salesman,
$100 per month; 2 collectors.
First-class typewriter salesman, best salary.
2 farmhands, spring bed furnished, $20 month.
5 laborers, city, $2 per day.
Man te run donkey engine. $2 25. per day.
10 men for sawmills and lumber woods.
6 men to make posts. $3 per hundred.
Men -to make ties, pickets and cut wood,
pine 4 feet. $1 25 per "cord. 59 Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 colored waiters, same hotel, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
, Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy: able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of, 21 and 35:
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6
fee^i inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional, 302 Caxton bldg.,. Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS waiter for hotel lunch counter
In Nevada; wages $40 per month and found.
Address Depot Hotel. Wadsworth. Nev.
WANTED- Single sober ' man to sweep halls
and make" himself generally useful. Hotel
Repeiier. 781 Sutter ft. . ¦. .
WANTED— 2 active men for hard work; wageo
$2 per day. Apply £6 Spear St.. before 7
. o'clock to-day. . . *
¦SALESMAN to take orders In country towns;
chance to make from $5 to $10 per day; call
at once. ,9 Leavenworth Bt. '
WANTED— Union barber at 704 Brannan St.,
Saturday and Sunday; wage* $5. . .'¦>"-•-.¦
BARBER wanted for Saturday, 9 a. m.; steady
job for right man. 66 Second st:
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
1357 Dupont St. . • " ¦
BARBER wanted. 105 Second street. . ' f".^\;.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third St.; wages
$3. - - ¦ -j ¦ . ¦• •
BARBER wanted for Saturday. ' .131 Third
street. ' . ' ?
BAP.BER wanted. BILLIE, 664*4 Mission St.,
near Third. • .¦¦•. - • j
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; , wages $4.
Call at 303 Sixth St. . -
WANTED— Good barber at 1405. Polk st. for
Saturday and Sunday.
I . WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1643 Mission St. . ¦ ' ¦
GOOD barber for Saturday, $3 50. 123 Third
st., near Mission.' ¦ . ¦
WANTED— Good bedmaker. Dewey House. 32
. East st. . . . - -
WASHER for laundry. $2 50 to $5 per day; ref-
. erence required. , Box 274S, Call office.
WANTED — A good reed worker. H. J.
SCHMEHL. 204 Valencia st.
WANTED — Boy for doctor's office. Box SOOO.
Call office. • - ' ¦ 1 ¦ . . . . ... c
WAITER wanted at 37 Fourth »t.
BLACKSMITH helper with some , experience.
¦ "1221 Webster st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. People's Restau-
' -.rant,' 631 Clay st. *•' ,
GOOD chef cook; wanted for restaurant; must
. have tools; $14 a week. 1550 Market st.
GOOD dishwasher, wanted. 1550 -Market st. ;
call: early. J; .*. ¦ . •
FIRST-CLASS painter wanted. Palm Hotel,
* Menlo Park, or Inquire at 1614 Market st. •
WANTED— 4 helpers and laborers at 2007 Flll-
, more et. , *•; : " :
COOK, young, man who 'can do short orders.
¦ Capital Restaurant, 206 McAllister st.
* ' — EL.P •WANTED — MALB-^Con^^
i CHEF who can handle busy kitchen. ,Applj
: bet. 8 and 10 a. m., restaurant 206 McAllister.
SHOEMAKER wanted on custom work and
repairing at 1524 Howard st.: call early. •
"WANTED— Young man as porter for summei
resort. , Corner Lyon and Lombard s.a.
EOT about 15 to carry on this paper. Applj
w at JACKSON'S. 1941 Mission st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
PARTNER in plain cash business: pays $UC
month;. only J150 required. LUNDIN & CO.,
9C6 Market st.
A GOOD paying 2-chalr barber shop and batb
in best mining town in the State; rent jl*
HENRY FALK. Angela Camp. Cal.
WANTED — Wagonmaker. and blacksmith;
. steady work for good man. Inquire JUH.
PIEROTTI, Second and Franklin sts.. Oak-
land. CaL \ .
LASTERS on men's, heavy work: hand and
machine. Apply at E. E. GEORGE'S. 3a
Stevenson st. . .; ~~ . -' __
BARBERS wishing to Bee latest, most practi-
cal revolving chair called Autoback, call
STOL^Z'S Barber Supply House. 723 Market.
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber shop; good bus-
iness; low rent; four living rooms. 1048 lie-
Alllster st. ; a good bargain.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. '
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.
COATMAKERS, pants and vestmakers for
country. Apply REIS3 BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young man to learn Jewelry trade.
1201 Market at.
WANTED— Errand boy with references. 22a
Bush st., first floor.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged: half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN— Our catalogue .explains how w« teach
tho trade Jn two months, saving two years;
¦ mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
. to cleanline«s and convenience. >
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «S5 Clay st.
Beware of acy cheap Imitations.
BARBER shop for sale; three chairs: six
bathrooms; clearing not less than $75 per
month; price $700; will give trial; good coun-
try town; healthiest place In the State. Ad-
dresa box 2934, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25g per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age.
Apply at HALE BROS., 979-937 Market st..
before 11 a. m. . .
WANTED— Experienced typewriter . salesman.
CUTTER. TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery st.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 21 sts.
MATHEMATICAL Instrument maker -wanted.
Box 2954. Call.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: BOllng 20c up. 923 Howard.
COATMAKER wanted, to work In store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
BOY wanted to work In carpet store; not un-
der 16. Apply 2020 Mission st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS &. CO., 115 Kearoy st.
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 847 Third.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F.' Barber School, 741A Howard St.
¦WANTED— 10O men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House, 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Men for salt works: $1 60 to $2 50
- dally; free fare. Address ?CARTER'S Salt
Works. Los Angeles, Cal.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & irreen hands;
all parts of world. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
" "bus and bag-gage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
HORSES AXD AVAGOXS.
40^HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
- carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327- Sixth St.; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SIX-PASSENGER hotel wagonette phateon;
¦ platform spring 'dray:' cheap. O'BRIEN,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
S. F.. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden. Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
FRESH young Holsteln cow; good milker; gen-
tle; sell or trade" for Cry. cow. 83 Shotwell st.
FOR sale— A good gentle horse; also wagon;
suitable for furniture business. 1158 Mission.
FOR SALE — Span of light young mares. In-
quire 1202 Mission St., room 2.
ONE good light team for sale cheap. Apply
5 Capp st. . ¦
FOR Sale — Stylish 'driving horse that lady can
drive. Metropolitan Stables, 1315 Stockton st.
DOCTOR'S rubber-tired phaeton and horse
cheap. Excelsior Stables, 925 Sutter st.
5 SECOND-KAND" sprinkling- wagons in good
order for sare. 377 Ehotwell st. /
ALL klndl of wagons, bugxies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD busjness horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
. camping wagt>n, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
~ ~HOT_LS < TO RENT. . ;
FOR rent, cheap— Hotel of 32 rooms; near city.
Apply at Cozy Restaurant. 1005 -Valencia st.
~'~~ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TWO-STORY. 7- room and bath and side yard;
Jones st.. between Jackson and Paciflo. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market St.
TO let— Palo Alto; 455 University ave.; a large,
pleasantly situated 13- room house; furnished;
to let for 3 months from June 1; electric
lights, telephone. >
CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts; 7 sua-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
' HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner fiat, S roonis and
bath; Oakland; $13. Apply at 14 Grant ave.,
room 2.
HOUSES TO LET— SAN RAFAEL.
TO LET— Large house occupied at present as
. boarding-house ; large flower garden and
'kitchen; plenty of fruit; will sell furniture;
easy payments; cheap rent for family. Ad-
dress A. R.. P. O., Fan Rafael. Cal. ¦. - .
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San FranclseV>. in
tho name of MRS. ANNIE LAVARONI, or
JOHN B. LAVARONI. No. 171-331. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
LOST OR STOLEN— White pointer dog. red
- spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay st.: liberal reward.
STRAYED from Boston Ranch, .400 Cambridge
St., roan mare with harness; reward. ¦
FOUND— A foxterrler bitch. 117 Milton St., op-
posite old St.- Mary's College, oft Mission
road. .
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
¦ Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason!
BIATRIMOMAL.\ ~
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send lgc for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
STERY .
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel South 792-
.to order or renovated. • feather and hair
-cleared: expert carpet cleaning; strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-Z20 Eleventh st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL EX
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN; 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS,. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOON AN, 1017, 1019. 1021.. 103 Mission it..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
8 H. P. STEAM boiler. 170: 5 H. P. steam br..
*45; 5 H. P. motor. $S5; H H. P. Hicks gas
engine. $35: lot of tents and bath tube, cheap.
LIVINGSTON. KB Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
, gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 215 Spear st.
FINE suits. $10;. dress pants. » 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
I • MISCEtliAXEOtrS— FOR. SALE.
' I FOR Sale— Cheap: 1 covered wagon for ped-
dling, 10-foot bed, lyi-lnch axle: also 1 light
I road wagon, will carry 2 seats; both almost
new. Address H. OLoEX. Hay— ards. Cal.
; BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures, ot
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
. paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. 3. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and 30ld. Livingston, 558 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
SOLID silver table and tea spoons for their
weight In silver. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
CANARY birds; choice stock: male and fe-
male. 1377 Minna, rear 15th; upper fiat.
BAR fixtures for sale. Grand Central Saloon,
995 Market st.
FOR SALE— 5 large tents. 12x16 feet; $12 50
apiece. O. WEIXHOLD, Lombard and Lyon.
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly connected: good
shape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission st.
ENGINES and boller3; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Bealg st.
Gasoline or distillate engines. n<»w & Id-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 55 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. .L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern gooda
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new a:id »d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 13X Post St.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCEI.IiAXEOt T S_ WANTS.
GAS or gasoline engine: 2 horsepower. Ad-
dress ENGINEER. UP Spear st.
WANTED— Dog or bitch; Gordon setter. Uew-
i ellyn setter or spaniel. Box 299L Call.
TIL/TON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dies*, gents' clothing. 134 9th: tel. Folsom, 2522.
___ __ ________
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who deslra ta
obtain results promptly- I treat lad lea only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are- Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; th» most dlf-
' ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. 0*DONNELL, 1013 Markt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market, ladles*
specialists; 33 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliabta
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horns
Treatment; harmless; consultation, free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St.. nr.
6th— Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkla.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 823 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOKU 1123 Market at., tiet. Maaoa
and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist,
MRS. DR. ALLEN"— Removed to 1113 Market
St.. bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles* specialist.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, -pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will tos«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms . 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~ "
IS MORTGAGED
and you need mere money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, eta
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing buslnesa else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
gt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st,
JIPO.OCO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHA—, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms : no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THIS
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER, 387 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 300 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome st., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOJIEY WAXTED.
WANTED— $20,000 for 3 years. 10 per cent; real
estate security. Address box 2382. Call offlca.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY*S. 308 Post it.
Chlckering $tt
Hallet & Cumston tSO
Dunham ........ ..............*... ............... $75
Emerson $109
Weber 3 $123
Steinway ~ $150
Rtcca $175
New England $200
Gabler $250
1 Bteck Baby Grand. (Ilka new) $450
Steinway Baby Grand (111m new) $550"
Bohmer Baby Grand (like new). $730
These pianos are all in excellent condi-
tion, thoroughly warranted and can be ex-
changed in three years for a new SOHMEU
or BYRON MAUZY piano.
Pianos rented: squares, $1 50; uprights, $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'a with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos foe a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $6 per
month.- We offer to sell some Brood pianos at
$3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter fits., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright... $65 1 Schiller $265
1 Emerson upright.. 65 1 Gabler 135
1 Vose .SCI Waverly 122
2 Stelnways ....1S5 up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
2 Helnes ... 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlin ..390
1 Hallet-Davls 465 1 Hardman S3
2 Behr Bros 33711 Miller 1-3
' and fifty others; rented .and rent allowed:
rents $3 up: we handle all makes: agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos in existence; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PARTIES having any kind of repairing or
tuning of pianos will do well to remember
that we have the very best facilities for do-
ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repair-
ing and regulating, and will make lower
prices for good work than any house on the
ccast. Let us make an estimate en your
work. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769- Market st.
SPECIAL sale of good pianos at low prices at
MAUVAIS'. 7G3 Market st,. this week; you
can pay cash or installments, as you prefer.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
83 and. 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every -
' thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
S PIANO enaps— $60. $73. $30. $123. $133; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farretl
St.. Chlckerlnc agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 170* Market st you
can get storase pianos almost for* long— IS
per month— dirt cheap. •
FOR sale— Two good violins and viola. Box
2996 Call.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
FOR sale— Courtois slide trombone: new. Call
or address 741A Howard at. •
FINE 3-pedal standard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account of death. 618 Eddy, nr. Larkin.
$135— MAHOGANY Fischer uptight left oa sale.100 Chollar 13 850 Ophlr .......... 72
600 Con Cal & Va.2 15 150 Ophir 73
200 Gould & Curry 22 400 Overman 23
100 Mexican 32
% Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha .r.. ...... 05 300 Hal* A Norcrs 30
200 Chollar 13 100 Ophlr 7$
100 Con Cal & Va.2 30 400 Overman 23
950 Con Cal & Va.2 £> 100 Sierra Nevada, 31
1000 Gould & Curry 23 10O Yellow Jacket. 17
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Belcher 23 200 Gould A Curry 21
200 Best & Belcher It 100 Hale ft Norcrs 23
1200 Chollar 12 100 Hale & Norcrs 23
400 Chollar 12Vi 200 Ophlr 74
300 Con Cal & V.2 22H 100 Sierra Nevada. 31
300 Cou Cal & V.2 23 100 Sierra Nevada. 30
200 Crown Point... 13 200 Utah 04
300 Gould & Curry 23 500 Yellow Jacket, it
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 22 1500 Gould A Curry 22
1100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Hale & Xorcrs 29
10O Caledonia 75 500 Ophir 7S
10O Caledonia 74 600 Ophir 73
800 Chollar ...12H 300 Potosl 10
150 Con Cal & Va.2 25 200 Silver Hill .... 40
450 Con Cal & Va.2 30 300 Utah Ot
450 Con Cal & V.2 27% 400 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Crown Point... 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 12—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 W Justice 01 03
Alta :...:.. 04 C6 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ..: 0$ 07 Lady Wa»h.... 61 02
Belcher 23 23 Mexican 34 35
Best & Belcher 19 20 Occidental ....02 04
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 78 T7
Caledonia 76 79 Overman 24 25
Challenge Con. 14 IS Potoai M 11
Chollar 12 13 Savage 09 10
Confidence .... 73 73 Scorpion — «4
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 35 Seg Belcher.... 04 06
Con. Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 30 32
Con New York — 01 Silver HU1 ....33 40
Crown Point... 13 15 St Louis ...... M ¦ — .
Kureka Con ..06 — Standard ...... — 4 30
Exchequer .... — OllSyndlcate- <, W —
Gould & Curry 21 22) Union Con .... II 17
Hale & Norcra 29 30 Utah •» 9*
Julia - ttlYellow Jacket. W V
Morning Session,
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th» Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: _ * <
Afternoon Session.
Board— '. :
500 Caribou, s 90 70
600 Independence ig
700 Monarch . of Arizona. 57
400 Monarch of Arizona.... ...± ':, 19
1000 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 53
200 Oil City Petroleum J7
100 Twenty-Eight 130
Morning Session.
Board-:'
1000 Cal-Standard . A
3 Hanford 90 09
50 Home Oil 3 SO"
100 Kern River 11 8714
1500 Lion 19
2C0 Monarch of Arizona 32
1000 Monarch of Arizona 53
1500 Monarch of Arizona 34
200 Occidental of W Va. 50
10O Sterling 105
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 00
75 Honokaa Sugar Co 29 50
75 Honokaa Sugar Co 29 73
50 Hutchlnson H P Co -„.. 20 2S
3S3<Hutchinson S P Co 20 00
100 Makawell Sugar Co 39 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 29 23
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 12^4
50 Spring Valley Water, s 3 SO 23
S5 Spring Valley Water, s 10 90 00
Street—
$2000 N P C R R 5s 108 50
Afternoon Session. -
Board —
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 103 50
50 Equitable Gas 3 25
50 Equitable Gas, b 30 3 25
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 55,50
$5C00 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 OO
100 Honokaa S Co 29 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 20 00
85 Kllauea S P Co 20 00
120 Makaweli S Cf 39 75
200 Market-st Raifway (9 75
$5000 N P C R R 5s 108 50
125 Onomea Sugar Co i *.. 17 0O
SO Paauhau S P Co 29 25
ICO Paauhau S P Co 29 00
55 Sprlng'Valley Water, s 10 39 75
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
'1 iTv- Mornln« Session.
Board—
500 Aetna 19
1000 Aetna ....T 20
500 Bear Flag 14
100O Corona 03
5 Hanford 90 00
100 Home 3 80
3000 Independence, b 30 19
' 10O Junction v, fi4
10 Kern Ktver 12 00
1000 McKlttrick Consolidated 13
500 Monarch of Arizona - 54
200 Occidental of W Va 51
35 Peerless* 8 12%
800 Twenty-Eight 125
Street— . .'.,-¦
£00 Reed Crude ;. (0
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Blue Goose 2 00
200 Caribou 70
10O Four „ 49
500 Four. ...'........ ...„ 50
100 Junction 54
950 Monarch of Arixona- .................. 58
6C0 Reed Crude 50
100 Twenty-Eight 130
100 Wolverine 103
Street—
50 Home 3 go
700 El Dorado 155
200 Monarch of Arizona Si
BAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE A
Morning Session.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.235 250 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 79 Lon P & A....14* —
Bank of Cal.. .410 412 Mer Ex (Hq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.106 106% S F National. 120 123
1st N of S F.. — 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German .. 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan.. — ;'— ;i
Humboldt .... — — Security STS —
Mutual SO — Union Trust .. — ¦ — :
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD 8TOCKSJ
California-st . — 140 IO S L i H.. 40 ..— ,..
Geary-st 47H — Presidio — .—
Market-st .... «3% 70 I
PO'WDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co— 81 JVigorit — 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ..7 8 Kllauea 19-% 20
Haw Com 55 — Makawell .... 39^ —
Honokaa 29% SO Onomea ,. 26% 27
Hutch S P .. 20 20»i Paauhau 29 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 121%123^ Oceanic SS Co 46 4SH
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.l52H153',4
Mer Ex Assn.105 s — Par Paint Co. 1« —
- James ¦¦¦ Sutcllffe to Jane SutcIIffe. lot on . W
line of Church street. 30 S of Liberty, W 105
by S 27; also lot on SW corner of Liberty and
Dolores streets. W 105 by S 26:6: gift. ,,
Thomas F. Mangan to Mary F. Mangan. lot
on " N 'ine - of Ford • street, 175 W of Sanchez
W25by.N114;-gIft. - , .; \
• Fernando and : Julia A.' Nelson .to William C.
Spiegel, lot on W. line of Hartford street, 353:3
N Of Eighteenth. N 25 by W. 102: $3500. .
•Edward and Nettie Cox to John R.' . Mitchell,
lot on ¦ W line < of Twenty-second avenue, .: 250
S of Lake street. S 25 by ; W 120; $500.
. San . Francisco Land Company to -Augusta E.
Norton, lot on W^line of Tenth- avenue, 100 S
of California street.. S 25 byW 120; $900. ~' .
: George . T. * Johnson' to same, • same, < quitclaim
deed ; $500. ¦ ¦ , " ;..:••-,'/
Bridget ¦ Clifford-, to . Cornelius^ Garson, lot on
W. line of. First avenue, 350 S of Deeth: street
(Calif orbia etreet South)_S 25 by^SV 120; $1500.
-••-. Hlbernia Savings: and Loan Society to Kath
leen J and . Bessie * Commlns, ; lot- on E line - of
Twenty-fifth . avenue, 159:8 S - of A street, S
75 by E 120: . $500. . ; '¦¦:<:'<
T. Same J to ¦ Frauk Commlns, . lot on ' E ; line of
• Bernhard Ettllnger to Ettllnger Company (a
corporation), all Interest In estate of Sarah
Ettllnger, deceased. 23061. assignment; $30,000.
Joseph A. and Fannie Smith to Nathan Dia
mond, lot on S line of Geary street, 184:7 E
of Gough, E 23:1 by S 120; also lot on S line
of Geary Etreet, 207:8 E of Gough, E 4% inches
by S.120: $8500., -. ' \ ' ¦
•¦ '. F. L. Putnam to Timothy Regan, - lot on S
line 'of Fulton street, 25:3 E of Octavia, E 25
by S 87:6; also lot on S corner of Stevenson
and Brady streets, SW 50:6 by SE 64; $4500. ,
Robert D.' and Jennie Cranston to JoSerti
Wells, lot on W line of Laguna street, 87:6
S of Page. S 25 by\V 100; J2500. •
' Rudolph and Eleanor J. Spreckels to John
Dolbeer* lot on N line of Pacific street. 137:6
Wof Laguna, W 68:9 by N 127:8U; $41,500.
- Henry ¦ and Helen Fabreque to Josephine
Bernstein, ¦ lot on N line of Geary street, -137:6
E of Webster. E 27:6 by 2f 137:6: $6500.
. > Bertha Hahn (wife - of A. J.) to Henry
C. Schroder, lot on S line of Waller street,
15fi:3 E of Stelner, E 25 by S 120; $2500.
. Mathew McGowan to L. J. Clay, lot ton SW
corner of Golden Gate avenue and Baker street,
S 37:6 by W M-.VPAi $1000. " ,
William J. O'Brien (by M. F. Vandall, com
missioner) to Moses Samuel, lot on W- line of
Tremont avenue. 210 S of Frederick street, S
25 by W 80: $1419.
i Charles E. Hansen to William F. and Hulda
Behre, same; $1000. •
Ferdinand I*. Frank and Eleanor Gehrig.to
Franzlska ; GehrlK, lot on SE line of Minna
street, 115 SW of Eleventh, SW 25 by SE 80;
Henry (or Henry M.) and Claus J. (or Charles
J.) Wrede.to A. B. Brover. lot on NE corner
of Guerrero and Seventeenth streets, E 50:3 by
N -102; $11,000. - "
Behrend and Anna Joost (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Joseph I. Lawless, commenc
ing on . E . line of Stanford and McCarthy
Tract (1439 D. 86), 2 chains S of stake "N. J.-
P." 180, S 13 chains 41 links, N ; 70 degrees
34 minutes, W 13 chains 14 links. NE 2 chains.
SE 5 chains, NE 5 chains 50 links, N 4 chains
Bl links. E 4 chains 20 . links, containing 7.9
acres; $500. -. • ¦
Mary M. B. Martin to William M. Quinn.
lot , on E line . of Eleventh avenue, 100 N of M
street, N 25 by.E 120; $500.
EUaLolor to Lena H.- Lolor,' lot' on N line
of U. street. 132:6 W of Forty-second avenue,
W 75 by N 1C0; also lot on E line of Forty
third street. 100 N- of U, N 300 by E 120: also
lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, 125 N
of W street, N 160 by W 120; also lot on SE
line of Bryant street,- 27:6 NE of Langton, NE
25 by SE 90:6; $.3500.. ¦ *
James Shannon to Mary E. Balbontln. lots
1463: to 1465, gift map 3, reserving life estate;
Myra Decker to Thomas Henney. lot . on N
line of Lobos street, 700 E of Plymouth, E
50 by N 125, portion lot 7, block O, Railroad
Homestead Association ; $500. /
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to
George C. Alferitz, lot on SE corner of Fifth
avenue and Lake street, E 32:6 by S 100; $1500.
F. A.~ Robbins Press Works (a corporation)
to D. Wiley McCaughey, lot on SW line of
Fremont street, '229 SE of Folsom, SE 68:10,
SW 137:6, NW 297:10. NE 25, thence at right
angles 229, thence NE 112:6; $50,000.
Chester L. and Anr.le E. Hovey to Henry A^
Harding, lot on • NW corner ' of Twenty-fifth
(Tolo) and Rhode Island streets, • N 50 by W
75; $500. , '
Henry A. and Ella M. Harding to Alice M.
Thompson, same; $500. . "~ ¦
Behrend Joost (by ' C. T. , Soader, commis
sioner) to Joseph I. Lawless, lot on NE cor
ner .of Carolina and Napa streets, N 252:10
by E .100; $1691. . - ¦-•¦•. ' .-
¦ William E. and Bessie Lutz to Chin Chor,
Jot on"S line of Clav street, 36:9.W of Dupont,
W 36:7 by S 68:9; $11,000.
Estate of Maria Woodls (by Albert A.
Hinchman and Ezekiel Cooper, executors) to
Clara Mouze. lot on N line of Pine street, 80
E of Leaven worth, E 25 by N 137:6; $5500.
Thomas and Teresa Bell to Mary E. Pleas
ant, lot on S line of Sutter street, 160:5 E of
Jones, E 45:10 by S 137:6; also lot on SW cor
ner of Bush and Octavia streets, W 137:6 by
S 275; $1-
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Sacra
mento and Sansome streets, N 29:8 by W 100;
$40,000. , ' •
Emanuele and Carmelina Vatuone to Virginia
Barille, lot on W line of Filbert place, 117:6
S of Filbert street, S 20 by W 57 ; $1000.
...Eugene Jr., Edward and Thomas H. Kelly,
Paul Fuller and Daniel F. Sullivan (as exe
cutory and trustees of estate of Eugene Kelly)
to Jonas Schoenfeld, lot on SW corner of
Commercial . and Sanaoma streets, S 60 by W
82:6; $43,100. ¦ . -.-• '
Lulgi Delucchl to Lulgla Delucchl, lot on E
line of Bartol street, 77:6 S of Broadway, S
40 by E 57:6; gift. -'-. •
W. -A. and Alice- Inwood to E. P. E. Troy,
lot on E line of Homestead street, 135 S of
Twenty-fourth, S 25 by E 125; $500. ,
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Sa
bato Melaf ronte, lot . on S line ¦ of Eighteenth
street, 75 W of Castro, W 25 by S 75; $2000.
Daniel Buckley to same,' same, quitclaim
deed; II. -
i Emma A. Earl to Oluf Casperson. tr>t on S
lino of Twenty-ninth street, 180 E of * San
chez, E 37:6 by S 114; |2500.
Excelsior joan Association to Thomas W.
and Christor t tier C. Rivers, lot on SE corner of
Clipper and Sanchez, streets, S 28 by E 80;
12000. -
Same to Edward -J. Barton, lot on SW cor
ner of and Dolores streets, W 80 by
S 26:6; gift. „ - : * • •>
James Barton to Lillian M. Barton, lot on
S line of Duncan street, 80 W ot Dolores, W
34:10, S 117:6, E 48, N'62:6, E 1:0, N. 25, W 80,
N 26:6; gift. - , .
James Taylor Rogers to Mrs. S. C. Rogers,
lot on S line of Washington street, 68:3 E of
Walnut, E 34:4V4. S J27:8Vi; grant.
James A. Jacobs to Leonard Lewisohn, un
divided. 1-10 of W.- A. block 684, bounded by
Hayes, Cole, . Fell and Clayton streets; J1000.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Mary A. Mc-
Guire, lot on E line of Cole street, 335 N'of
Frederick. N 25 by E 125; »10.
Wells, Fargo & Co. to R. C. Chambers, lot
on W line of Devisadero - street, 137:6 :N of
Broadway, N 26:3, W 110, N 81:3, E 100, N 30,
W 1S4, SE 13, SW to a point, E 167:4Hi *10.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Julia Goodwin,' lot on S line of Filbert
street. W 25 by S 137:6; $875. '
Elisabeth C. Pearl to Robert D. Cranston,
lot on W line of Laguna street, 87:6 S of Page,
S 25 by W 100; $2500.
George L. and H. M. Whltley to' Michael
A. Breuss, lot on N line of California street,
180:9 W of Webster, W 25:6 by N 132:7%; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION*
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued ITrom Page Ten.
Mrs. Katherine Babcock (owner), W. T.
Veitch & Bro. (contractors) with H. I*. Peter
son (sub-contractor), architect A. Farr—Con
crete and cement work and tile drains for
residence en SE corner of Scott and Vallejo
streets; $23CO. . . • .'•
Luca "Mariclch and D. Mengola, (owners)
v-lth George C. Nail (contractor), architect
Charles Paff— All work for a two-story fram*
building on W line of Mason street. 107:8 M
of Beach. N 30 by W 137:6; $1886.
Elizabeth Lindenau (owner) with Val Fran*
(contractor), architect Phllipp Schwerdt— All
work except plumbing, painting, electric work,
mantels, tiles, gas fixtures and shades for a
three-story frame building on W line of' Ma
w,nlc avenue, ICO S of Waller street. S 25 by
W 106:3; $4980.
Builder's Contracts.
lots 14 and 15. block F. Powers Tract (subject
to a mortgage for $2158) ; also the N* 37 feet
of lots 1, 2 and 3. Vischer Tract (subject to
a mortgage for $1600); also lot on NE corner
of Railroad avenue and Bay street. E 33:4 by
X 100 (subject to a mortgage for $4300): also
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 83:4 W of Mor
ten street. W 33:4 by N 150. block A. Fitch
Tract (subject to a mortgage for $1573); also
lot 8. block 1C2. map No. 1 of a portion of
father trust property (subject to a mortgage
for $3500); also the W 37:6 oX lot 37 cf the
Hirschfeld Tract (subject to a mortgage for
$1600); also let 6, Teutonla Homestead No. t
(subject to a mortgage for $1350); also
the E 25 faet of lot 36 and W 12:* of lot
So. map. of the Hlrschfeld Tract (subject
t<« mortgage for $1600); also lot on N line of
l'aclfic avenue, 76 E of Bay street. E 37 by
N 110. block F. Pag» Tract (subject to a mort
gage for $2640); also lots 6 and 7, block D.
Fitch Tract (subject to a mortgage for $1215):
also lots S and i. block G, on map of 144 lots
In the Page Tract, (subject to deed of trust
tor' $1425): also the S half of W half of lot «.
Encinal Park Tract (subject to a mortgage for
$409); also lot on N line of Railroad avenue.
33:4 E of Chapln street. E 33:4 by N 100. block
2. Chapln Tract " (subject to a mortgage for
$2CS6>; also lot on E line- of Bay street. 1W
N of Pacific avenue. N 40. E 150. S 12, W 37.
6 28, W 113 to beginning (subject to & mort
gage for $215C); also lot on N line of Central
avenue. 366 E of Ninth street. E 43:9^4 by N
i:S:5H (subject to deed of trust for $2000): also
lot on NW corner of Pacific avenue and Sher
man street. W 38 by N 110 (subject to & mort
gage for $417$); also lot 10. block F, map of
Shephardion property (subject to a mortgage
for $1400); also lot on NW corner of Railroad
avenue and St. Charles street. W 33:3 by N
150 (subject to deed of trust for $18C0): also
lot 7. block a; Gasktll Tract (subject to »
mortgage for $1000); also lot on S lln« of Wwt
Twelfth street. 120 E of Adeline. E 30-S 98:6.
W 30 to a point distant 98:6 S from point of
beginning on a line drawn at right angles to
West Twelfth street, thence N 98 :« to begin
ning, block 564, Boardman's map, Alameda
(subject to a mortgage for $2000); $411
Johanna L. and Frank. Miller and Alma Sev
ening I to Lulu - Collischonn. lot on NW corner
of Central avenue .and Everett street. W 50,
N 123.16. E 49.76,; S 118.25, to beginning, Ala
meda; $5000.
Veronika Muller to Carrie Trahan. lot on
W. line of Washington street. 50 S of Sixth, W
75 by S 25, lot 17, block 63, Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland- $45C0.
Rebecca Peterson to Friederlcka C. M.
Dryer, lot on SE corner ; of Forty-fifth and
Grove streets, S 50 by E 90, lot 4, block 2101.
Alden Tract at Temescal; reserving life estate
to first party. Oakland: $10.
Mary B. and W. N. Copeland to John N. and
Nora T. Christiansen, lot on E corner of East
Fifteenth- street and Fontalnebleau avenue.
SE 100:9 by NE 125. block 4, Fontainebleau
Tract. East Oakland; $1200.
Catherine McGee (executrix estat» of Jam»s
McGee) to Frank W. Durgin an<i Robert B'eak
ley. lot 20. block 1. McGee Tract. Berkeley:
also lot on S line of Addison street. 40.33 E of
Mary. W 40.33. S 130, E 40.33. N 130-, to begin
ning, portion block 1, McGee Tract, -Berkeley;
$725. .-. . - - • "V -
Gracleuse C. or Catherine and CWra Seme
ria to Joseph T. Renas,- all Interest* in - lot on
SW corner of Ninth street and University ave
nue, W 52 by S 100, block 98. Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $2500. ¦ ¦
Henry Z. and ' Sarah M. • Jones to J. G.
Clarke, lots 3 and 4, block 2, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. -- •
-Willis E. Davis. Gertrude D. Van Slcklen
and .Ethel A. Hodges (Kohler) (by Willis E.
Davis, attorney), to Delia E. Rademaker (wife
of J. M.), lot 13, block 33. map of property
Columbus Bartlett. Alameda, quitclaim deed;
°W. F. Kroll (trustee of the estate of Felix
Marcuse and Julius A. Remmel Individually
and as the firm name of Marcuse & Remmel)
to Puget Sound Lumber Company, all inter
est In the following: Lot .12; block F,- Shep
hardson's property; also lot on W line of Mo
zart street, 258:4 S of 'Railroad avenue, S 33:4
by W 81.35 (subject to mortgage for $1400; also
lot on E line of Mastlck terrace. 223 S of Rail
road avenue, S 25 by E 70.13. portion of En
cinal Park Tract (subject to mortgage for
$4C9) : also lot on N line of Pacific avenue. . 33
E of Bay street. E 37 by N 110. block F. Page
Tract (subject to mortgage for $2351); also lot
en- N' line of Pacific avenue. 73:6 W of Sh*r
nan street. W 36:6 by,N 110, block F. same
tract (subject to ¦ mortgage for $1649): also lot
on N line of Pacific avenue. 113 E of Bay
r.tfeet. E 37 by N 138. block F.' same (subject
to: mortgage for $2640): also lot on N" line of
Pacific avenue, 130 E of Sherman street.-E 33:4
by N 150, block A. Fitch Tract (subject to a
'mortgage for $2046) : also ¦ lot 14, block A.
Vischer Tract (subject to a mortgage for
$2100); also lot on N line of Pacific avenue 50
E : of Sherman street. - E 33:4 by N 150, block
A. Fitch Tract (subject to a mortgage for
tl&CS): also lot on S line nf Pacific avenue 107
F of Sherman street. E 33.24. S 129.87. .W 33.18.
N 130.67- to beginning, block . 33. map of Mary
A. Fitch. Homestead (subject to a Tnortrasre
for $1513); also lot " 4 on : map of reaubdlvislon
of block 33. Fitch Tract' (subject to a. mort
gage for $2257): also .lot 107,. EnHnal Park
Tract ¦ (subject to a mortgage for $2971) ; ' also
James L. and Mary C. Barker to Annie De
Vere Shields (single) lot on E line of Milvia
street, 60 S of Cedar. S 40.22. E 121.83. N to SE
corner lot 6, thence W 118.66 to beginning,
portion block A, Golden Gate Homestead, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1500. Berkeley: $2000.
A. A. McCallum to P. W." Anderson, lot 9,
block S, revised map of Oakland Heights,
Oakland; $1500. .- .
Martin and Annie R. Frobese to Horace D.
Irwin, lot 15, block G, . Gaskill Tract, subject
to mortgage, Oakland ; $500. ¦
¦ Mary E. and Charles L. .Wallace to Louisa
Fricke, lot on E line of Webster street, 150 N
of Nineteenth. N. 50 by E 150; $2300.
Edward and Mary A. Clark to G. F. W.
Schultze. ail interest in lot on E line of Grove
street, 51 S of Ninth, S 49. by E 98, block 92,
Kellersberger's Map, Oakland; $3500.
C. E. Nichols to Carl H. Nickel, lot on E
line of Elm or Twenty- fourth street, 5S0 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 35 by N 135. being the E
15 feet of lot 41 and W 20 feet of lot 42, block
O. Kelsey Tract, Oakland; $5500.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Charles Babb, the E % of lot 83 in plat 36,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
$27.
Judson and Catherine Wheeler to C. B. Crane,
lots 3 and 26, block 3, Wheeler Tract; also lot
on N line of Cedar street, 10 E from E line of
lot 3, N 110. E to S line of lot 26. W to a
point S 120, E to b'ginlny, being portions of lots
1 and 2, same, Berkeley; $1650.
Clara J. Slater to Jane E. Slater, lot on S
line of Mason street, 125 E of San Pablo ave
nue, S 120. E 50, S 120, E 200, N 120, W 150.
N 120, W 100 to beginning being Iota 7. 8. 30
to 33, block C, Garrison Tract, quitclaim deed.
Berkeley; $10.
G. B. and Estella A. Ogden to George T.
Bradley, lot on N line of Channing way. 430
W of Shattuck avenue, W 60 by N 130, being
the W.half of lot 19 and E half of lot 21,
block 2. Barker Tract, Berkeley; $500.
• Benjamin and Elizabeth Bangs to Roy J.
Young, lot on W line of Benvenue avenue,
180 S of Parker street, S 40 by W 159.44. being
the 8 20 feet lot 35 and N 20 feet lot 36, Map
of Hillegass Property, Berkeley: $900.
Michael S. Daley to Charles J. W. Deuser,
all Interest in lot on E line of Sunnyside street,
154.32 S of Mountain View avenue, S 60 by E
270, resubdivlsion block 34, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $500.
Susie M. Roeben to Delia T. O'Donnell, lot
on S line of Eagle avenue, 92:8 E of Chestnut
(pr Twentieth) street, E 46 by S 147:6. being
lot 16. block 3, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $500. '
Theo Lange to John Gelser, lot 3, block 3,
McKee Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed; $60.
Richard W. and Lottie V. Tutt to David
McKay, lot- 29, block F, Linda Vista Terrace,
Map 2, Oakland; $700.
Grace , E. Dyer and Clarence M. Selfrldge
to James M. Selfrldge, undivided onejflfth in
terest in lot 5. Map of Pacific Theological Semi
nary Tract, Oakland; $500.
P. Consldlne to Annie Flannery lot on E line
Of Alice street. 25 N of Fifth, N 25 by E 73,
block 69, Official Map, Oakland; gift.
John M. and Margaret Philpot to F. J. Btfn
ney, lot on E line of Market street, £9 N of
Thirty- third, N 31 by E 116:3. portion of block
K, Map of property of Central Land Company,
Oakland; $2000.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to David
McKay, lot on NE line of Moss avenue, 50 SE
of Fairmount, SE 20, NE 106, SW 20, -6W 103.50
to beginning, being the NW 20 feet of .lot 28,
block F, Linda Vista Terrace. Map 2, Oak
land; $1000.
R. J. MeMullen and W. C* Moody (trustees
of D. J. and Dema Geiger) to State Savings
Bank, 732 d. 186, lot on E line of Telegraph
avenue. 232:8 N of Durant street, N 28:2, E
156:1%, S 27:4, W 149:3, to beginning, portion of
block B, Fountain place, trustees' deed, Oak
land; $1500.. - ' .- ¦•.:".•-:_
Same (trustees of Ami B. and Annie E. Sal*
slg) to same, 738 d. 272, lot on S line of pro
posed Elizabeth street, 123 E of San Pablo ave
nue, E 100 by S 100, trustees' deed, Oakland •
$600. _
Lewis C. and Lizzie J.- Snyder to John L.
Hughes, all interest in lot on N line of Forty
flrst street, 100 E of San Pablo avenue. E 33.37
by N 100,- portion -of Dohr Homestead Tract,
Oakland Township; $10.
Catherine McGee (executrix of the estate 'of
James McGee) to Francis Ferrier, all Interest
in lot on NW corner of Allston way and Grant
street, W 125. N 105 to center of Strawberry
Creek, E 125. S 80 to beginning, block 3, Mc-
Gee Tract,. Berkeley; $600.
Mary E.- and Luther J. Holton and Oliver
and Allle F. Youngs to Silas H. Frazler, lot
on N line of Berkeley way. 500.63 E of Shat
tuck avenue, N 124:6,, W 43, S 124:6, E 45 to
beginning, block A, on map of villa lots, adja
cent to university site on the W, Berkeley; $10.
II. B.. and Susie L. Belden to Wesley J.
Bfeker, lot on S line of Fourth street. 125 E
of Grove, E 25 by S 100, lot 11, block 27,'Kel
lersberger's map, Oakland; $1000.
. Second Congregational Society of Oakland
to Ira Vaughan, all interest in lot on N line
of Chase street. 102:6 W of Willow, W 75 by
N 135, Oakland; $1500. . • .
William A. and Nancy E. Donaldson to Jen
nie L. La Fortune (wife of D. W.), same, East
Oakland; $10.
Joseph Winterburn and E. S. Chapman (exec
utors estate Lucy Armstrong) to William A.
Donaldson, re-record 777 D 154, lot on SE line
of Twelfth avenue, 322.965 SW of East Twenty
eight street, SW 30.165. SE 114.67, NB 30.54.
NW 112.15 to beginning, being a portion of
Templeton Tract. East Oakland: $200.
C. *A. and Esther K. Chlchester to William
Ralney, lot on N line of Parsons (now Fifty
fifth) street. 350 E of Park, E 40 by N 91. be
ing the W 40 feet of lot 23, block C. Gasklll
Tract, subject to deed of trust, Oakland; $1200.
Mary A. Kennedy to Henry S. and Honora
Boucher, lot on W -line of Haven street, 150
N of B, -N 25 by W 123, subdivision C, lot
11. block 801, Watts Tract Map 2, Oakland;
$1000. . ¦ '
Charles and Carrie Groos and Antoine Borel
to G. F. KIncaid, lot on N line of San An
tonio street. . 100 • E of St. Charles, E 100, N
300. W 50, N 100, W 50, S 400 to beginning,
being a portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract,
Alamedfi; $-1000.
;A?/, ;, Alameda County.
Christian a&d Annie B. Hansen to Home
stead Loan Asociatioa, lot on E line of Seventh
street, 150 N*St k Addison. N 60 by E 135, lot
18. block 97.-Sla*«rna Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
N. D. Hideout and Jane Clark to Josephine
C. Spickett. Laura M. Francis and Ltllle B.
Burford, . lot on SW. corner of . Wayland and
Ion streets, W 240 by S 400; also lot on SW
corner of Woolsey and Ion streets, W 240 by
S 300, block 173, University "Extension Home
stead Association: also lot on W line of Grant
street, 200 S of Woolsey, W 240 by S 100, block
175, same; $1500.
; Maurice Ballln to John Tunnicliffe, lot on
SW line of Roanoke street. 50 NW of Laidley.
NW 25 by SW 113. lot 32. block 4, Mission and
Thirtieth Street Homestead; $500.*
Jane Tobin to Leonard Brtemle, lots 1 to 4,
block 18, West End Map 1; $1000.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thomas N. and
Mary J. Prudden, lot on SE line of Vienna
street, 150 NB of Persia avenue, NE 30 by
SE 100, block 61. Excelsior Homestead; £00.
Catherine Zaramlt to John J. Zammlt, lot on
E line of Williams street. 250 N of Sllliman. E
120 by N 50, biock 50, University Homestead;
gift.
James McKenna (bankrupt) (by J. H.
Mathews, trustee) to Joseph Lutrlnger. all In
terest In lot on NW line of Mission street. 50
SW of Harrington, SW 50 by NW 100, Academy
Tract; $30.
- Emily J. Helems to Ermina Cox, lot on U
line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 200 N of T street.
N 100 by E 120; $500.
¦ Friedlander Hat Company (a corporation) to
Power Estate Company (a corporation), lot on
W line • of Thirty-second avenue. 250 S of I
street. S 23 by W 1M; also lot on S line of
J street. 57:6 E of Thirty-third avenue. B 25
by S 100; also lot on W line of Tbirty-flm
avenue, 175 S of J street, S 23 by W 120; $500.
Twenty-eighth avenue, 265 S of A street, S
140 by E 120; S3C0. •
¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ •".; ¦¦¦ ; >; ¦;-• , -<Y,- :. ;• ¦ - .¦ -.-... : •-¦'..¦ ¦ . - .. • ...
THE SAN FRAXCISGO CAIjL, SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1901.
Board—
13
IP?" Friends and , acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence, to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will, be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. > Interment Holy Cross Cemeterr. :.:
GAVIN— In this city, April 12, 1901, . Ellen
. Gavin, beloved daughter of 'the late Cather-
(CJrFriends and acquaintances arerespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock. • from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street
thence to St. Joseph's . Church, , Tenth and
Howard streets, for services at 1 o'clock.
' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.' ¦;«?
DOLAN— In this city. April- lL 1901/ Patrick,
beloved son of the late James and Margaret
; Dolan, and brother of John and Margaret
Dolan, the late Dominlck Dolan and Mrs
Mary McNeigh, a native of the parish of
Carman, County Tyrone. . Ireland, aged 35
years 4 months and 29 . days. .
IcyFriendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(SunCay), at 2 o'clock, from the ; residence
of her- father, 22 East street. Interment
Mount Calvary, Cemetery..
DANIEL— In this city,- April 10. 190L'Charle«
• Daniel, a native of Austria, aged 42 years. ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), -at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
*- street, between Geary and O'Farrell. . Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
DEENEY— In this city," April 11, 1901, Nellie
Deeney, beloved mother of George, Grace,
Nellie, Annie, Roger and the late Mary. Dee-
ney, a native of New Orleans, aged 48 • years
9 months and 4 days. . ¦ .
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
• tend the funeral services this day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 2220 Sacra-
mento street. Interment private. > ¦¦--
CLAYTON— In .Oakland, April 12, 1901, Mrl.
Susan Clayton, beloved mother of Miss Cor-
nelia Clayton, and grandmother • of Mrs. A.
. L. McPherson, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 82 years.
CLIFFORD— In this city, April 12, 190L Annie
L. - Clifford, beloved daughter of John D and
the late Laura Clifford, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 10 months. (Mel-
bourne and Perth, Australia,- papers please
copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1012 Fifth street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. ¦ \ . ¦¦
CHAMBERS— In this city, April 11, 1901,' Rob-
ert Craig Chambers, a native of Ohio, aged
69 years 2 months and 25 days. « . •
ICT'Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),' at 8:30 o" clock, from his late resi-
dence, 620 Oak street, thence to Sacred. Heart
Church, Fell and Fillmore streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CIANCRULLO— In Oakland, April 10, 1901.
Frank, husband. of Sarah Antonucclo Cian-
crullo, a native of Italy, ased 48 years and
10 days. : . ¦.
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S34 O'Farrell' street, opposite
Pierce, thence to St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Steiner and Bush streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing ' it 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage. \ . . ' . .
CASHMAN— In this city, April .11... 1901, Wil-
liam C, beloved husband of Margaret Cash-
man, and father of William, John, Margaret,
David, Maurice, Jamea and . Thomas Cash-
man and Mrs. George A. Rice, ! a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years 7 months
and 16 days. • .
E7"Funeral notice herealter.
CARVILL— In this city, April 10. 1901, at his
residence, 1S34 p'Farrell street, opposite
Pierce, Orrln S., 'dearly beloved husband of
Delia Carvill, and father of A. D. Carvill of
San Francisco, Mrs. J. . M. Steadman of
Portland, Me., Mrs. N. E. Cousins of Ala-
meda and Mrs. George H. Plppy of San
Francisco, a native of Lewiston, Me., aged
74 years. ' . .-« . ¦ ¦
BOYD— In this city, April 13, 1901. Bedelia
Boyd, beloved mother of John A. Boyd, and
sister of Cornelius Mooney, . Theresa Kelly
and . Ann McNamara, a native ot Kings
County, Ireland, aged 70 years.-
DIED.
Boj-d. Bedella. Lynch; John T.
Carvill. Orrln S. . McDonnell. Michael
Cashman, Wm. C. McMahon, Peter
Chambers. Robert C. Mietzsch, Lena.
Clancrullo. Frank Mullins, William
Clayton, Mrs. Susan O'Keefe. Mrs. M.
Clifford. Annie L. O'Neill. Patrick H.
Daniel. Charles Peterson. Rebecca
Deeney, Nellie Pettitt, Elisabeth
Polan, Patrick Ratto. Lena
Gavin. Ellen A Riefenberg, Julius F,
Godfrey, Albert E. Scheuring. Caroline
Hale. Mahala Smith. Owen -¦
Henninger, Elise ; Spanning, George
Huhs. Matilda Tordiff, Adolf
Keil, Walter D. Trautner, Hermann G.
Kenealy. Nicholas Vail. Charles. H.
Kentzell, Robert W. Walsh. Charles A.
Kinney, George G. Weber. John
Lange, Charles Winter, Charles
Lynch, John >
MAiBRIED,
MORCOM— JENNE— In this city, April 11, 1901,
by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller, Albert E.
Morcom and Minnie Jenne, both of San Fran-
cisco.
WALLACE— BAKER— In this city, • April 10,
1901. by the Rev. William C. Pond, John R.
Wallace of Burbank, Lc» Angeles County,
and Carrie A. Baker of San Francisco.
BORN.
CLARK-In this city, April 10, 1901, to the wife
of W. L. Clark, a daughter. i
KLOPSTOCK— In this city, April 11, 1S01, to
the wife of David Klopstock. a daughter.
McCLATCHEY— In this city, April 12, 1901, to
the wife of G. F. McClatchey, a daughter.
ROE— In this city. April 11. 1901, to the wife
of Joseph W. Roe, a daughter. , ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either Of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ¦
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Harry W. Williams, 41, 208 Bush street, and
Alattle B. Patten, . 33, Boston, Mass.
Johrt Jopn, 25. 43SV& Sixth ; street, and Bar-
bara Eberle, 25, 43S>4 Sixth street. .
Joseph T. Shaffer. 35. 716 Larkin street, and
Flora J. Bemlss, 34. • 716 Larkin street.
William H. H. Lea, 23, 8 Birch avenue, and
Maridell Teed, 19. Los Gatos. '; -
John Dldler, 70, Napa, and Pauline. Dldier,
60. Napa. ¦ • • • ~- • ' ¦ . ¦ ¦
Walter T. Oldhatri, 37. Stockton, and Flor-
ence B. Rice, 30, Larkspur.
' Andrew Syeedie, 41, 438 Ivy avenue, and
Mary E. Sapp, 27, 410 Franklin street. ¦.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the . Hutchlnson * Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday, April 20.
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
S 13. 1901. at 12 o'clock- m. .
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. -
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 20 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, on and after Monday, April 15,
1901. Transfer books closed Wednesday,
April 10, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m. r •
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
&A^~F^A^raSC^r^ApriT1l^ iSoT^The co-
partnership heretofore existing -¦: between F.
A. GILLET and C. H. AMEY. • both of . the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, transacting business in said city
and county of San Francisco under the firm
name of F. A. GILLEY & CO.. Is hereby
dissolved, the said F. A. GILLEY having
paid the said C H. AMET the sum of one
thousand dollars ($1000), the receipt- wliere-
of Is hereby acknowledged, and it is hereby,
agreed that the said F. A. GILLEY shall
collect and receive all accounts or 'claims ow-
ing to the late firm as aforesaid,' and shall
assume all liabilities of said firm. • ••¦
Ii\ witness whereof the said F. A. GILLET
and C. H. AMEY have hereunto set . their
bands the day and year first above .written.
F. A. GILLEY,
C. H. AMEY.
•Witnesa. L. SONNTAG. "
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPII Storage and Moving Co..
¦ office. Pott and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
DEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main l£-!0; shipping, at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2?20 Flllmore st. : • phone Jackson 2S1.
¦GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. . 840 Mis-
sies St.; tcl. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS. .
GOLDEN* GATE ave.. 732— 1 large rooms for
storage; private. ' ¦• • ' -, " ' . . -
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES^
GREAT RARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
houre in the city: rentals, $3. The • Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266.
SttSICALjrXSTRUMKNTS— Con.^ j
A "PIECE of sheet music given v.lth every I
purchase at the ir.u*ic::l instrument depart- i
E~S3UTHS- CASH STORE. 23 Market J
eu. San rrancisco^Cal. . (
T^FtTTTFI'L new pianof. $1"» up: rents and I
S^tfy.pjymentt.'l KLABE.' 2200 Flilmore st. :
f PECI^L *ale of p'.atios this week: Ptelnway,
Knabe and others. BRfEXX. 208 Pest Bt.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
* nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGK-GnAPK piano*: Fteck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— MuFt be sold; nice uprignt piano.
BCimiTZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank, j
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tonea. HORXU.NG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 833 Market rt., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
srrnniOR violin?, zi'hers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FRONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. 2:,3 Geary; call bet. 2 and 4.
1 - OIL.
I CENTS per share; the greatest money-mak-
inr opportunity ever offered: sold over 100.000
Fhares last week to the bert people in town;
ppnd for prospectus to the fiscal agents here.
PACIFIC STATES MINING AND INVEST-
MENT CO.. 326 Pest et. Open evenings.
Agents wanted.
THE HT. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands in the
best districts ; investigate: Fearless Oil and
¦Water Co. ; a good Investment; water trane>
portation. 4C9 Examiner big.. 464 9th, Oakland;
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 230 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL company Just forming; you can Ket in on
rround floor for little money. Box 2S44, Call
office.
OIL tanks, eecond-hand. in rood order; all
sizes : cheap. H. S. WHITE, £1« Mission St.
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
trell. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood blflg. %
OIL LANDS.
75,000 ACRES oil Ian* In various counties for
leas* and fale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
"WALL paper, window shades ; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open evenings.
r.OOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
II. JEROME~F^«S^LTir^BClemin^almTsT^15
Taylor Bt.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5G1.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PARTNERS WANTED.
"W ANTED— Doctor as partner on new discov-
ery. Box 2S27. Call office.
PERSONALS.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation cent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
WAATED — To make the acquaintance of an
American or Eng-lleh lady; object matrimony;
eend address where Interview could be had.
Box 2399, CalL
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary et.. where they rive you free treat-
ment for bald beads, fallinc hair and dan-
druff- Microbane Hair (Jrower cures all cases;
ve also remove superfluous hair; rail and see
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary et.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug- habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1K39 Polk St., San Francisco.
REWARD- $1000 paid If your wrinkles, freckles
or sup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple fr»*e at branch office. N. Y. Institute of
Dormatolomv Glasgow bide.. 105 Ellis st..S.F.
A PHYSICIAN making a special study of dia-
¦ b*tps desires a few more patients. Box 298S,
Call office.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
•"Domestic" office, 1021 Market Et.. nr. Sixth.
OLD ecld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st.
JAMKS' Detectiie Bureau, 127 Montgomery st.,
_ room a; phone Bush 2S9; charges reasonable.
$1 'WEEKLY — Suits to ! order from genuine
Scotch. $1S up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
psnt overcoats, 515 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third t=t.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to II 50 wr nlj?ht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
. free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to irarn tiairdressing, nalr work, man-
lcurinjr: private lt-psons or class. MISS A. V.
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1ZKI-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie St.
Ladies' & ppnts' cast-off clothing bought &
pold. J. Silverrnan, 984 Folsom ;tel.Fol«om 1191.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores irray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
'KIXGSLAXD Art Colors," for leather, wood
and photos, at ali first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
KORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red. 1368.
MASQI'ERADE costumes, play bopks wips;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Eutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
oorn cure; 25c: all druggists. ..
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C^O'DOXXELL^-OfSce and residence,
1021 Market «.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
CHOICE building lots in Richmond at exceed-
ingly' low prices, reaiy for building and with
all the Etreet work fione. Every one of the
buyers to whom I .sold lots last month can
cet an advance on U.fc price they paid. I
have some splendid bargains. Call and satisfy
yourselves. Some of the lots can be bought
for almost half what they cost. Not far out
end cars passing in front. It is cheaper to
buy one of these lots and build than to pay
rent. W. J. GUNN, 530 California et.
IF you have lots In the sand drift between
Fifteenth ave. and the ocean, north of the
Park and you want to sell them call on W.
J. CUXX. 530 California St. ¦
.:..-... rod
Splendid vacant coiner on Fourth «t.: suit-
able for business, grocery and flats; size
25x100; a big bargain; worth $200 a front foot;
muet be sold this week; only vacant corner
to be had. Apply to BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
JS7S0— JUST completed: Pacln* Heights; artis-
lic residence on Jack&on St., near Baker,
built by day work, containing 11 sunny
rooms;. very handsomely decorated; mosaic,
marble and Roman brick finish; heaters and
registers: electric service and every known
possible convenience required in a first-class
residence; terms to suit. Apply on above
premises from 10 until 2 o'clock. :.« • .
NEW office; real estate and fire Insurance bro-
kers — Wanted — Lands and bouses on sale and
rent. A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery
avenue.
LOT In Mission— Corner. 23x»0: desirable lo-
cality, residence district: suitable for grocery.
no opposition. Apply 791 Stevenson at.
SEE that nice cottage for sale cheap on Fol-
som and Stoneman ete.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
Plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
P.EAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
IN the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres in bear-
ing; fin* fetjee. barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; Ideal place made by
practical man with experience; will sell
cheap on account of leaving the country. R.
E.. box 2S04. Call office. -
1G0 ACRES stock ranc'.. for sale or trade on
caty terms In Lake County on county road;
near school: value $1600. W. L. FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal.
RANCH for sale— 45 acre*; io in prunes and op
pies; I 1 ) jn grapes; muse, barn, ' springs.
Apply owner. M. MELLOT Lexington Hotel.
Alma P. P.. Santa Clara County. CaL
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
£»S? Ck r,? f mel Thand!sc. Address L. H. MON-
P.OK. Placerville. Cal.
M. <JR1FFIN 71S Market stJ. by Cat! building,
sells hotels, lodginp-houser stores, etc
Printed lists of fanr.s and city property.
WRITE J. w. HORN. R12 Main. Petaluma, for
rree copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL KSTATE.
5550— BARGAIN '. finest location in Alameda;
fine 8-room cottage; large lot. HAMMOND
& HAMMOND, Santa Clara st., near Park.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SSoO FOR a pretty cottage of 4 rooms; plenty
of flowers and fruit trees; fine "well of water;
only 2 blocks of schoolhous* and ' 5 from
depot, and 1? minutes' walk -from college: if
you want a bargain call at once. MAY &
MORTIMER, Berkeley depot. -. - ' '
JCD-HOW does this strike you? Corner lot
45x100, on Grove St.. only few minutes' walk
to depot, town hall and high school. ' MAY
& MORTIMER, Berkeley depot. . '
$1800— 50-FOOT lot on Durant ave., east of
Shattuck ave.
$400—80x135; 1 block \o electric cars, 3
blocks to steam cars.
*«50— Beautiful corner. 45:4x130; 3 blocks to
Berkeley station.
Call and see our list of Berkeley property. \
S. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite First Na-
tlonal Bank. ' ¦ ' - _
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAL.E REAL ESTATE.'
4 ACRES in choice fruit,' 5-r. cottase, etc. ; for
salecheap. Ad.C.Mlchel.Elmhurst.AIameda Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
FOR Bale or exchange — A new 13-room house
and Etable for cottage. Inquire 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland. .
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 6 rooms; bath; reasonable to good
tenant; Ifl4 Eleventh ave., East Oakland, 2
blocks from school. Apply at Eagle Cracker
and Biscuit Company, Eleventh st., near Mls-
,gion. city. ¦ -
OAKLAND FURKITUUG FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 414—3 sunny newly papered
rooms, with sink and bath. ¦
ELLIS, 597 — 2 sunny housekeeping, rooms;
pleasant and convenient; $16.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkin— Extra large bay-
window,^14j^wlth_useofkltchen ! $17.
FOLSOM, 831— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets; stove; bath; private; $6 month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite. Z rooms, nicely furnished; gas, bath.
HOWARD. 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
JESSIE, 312. near Fourth — 2 good housekeeping
rooms; also 1 sunny front room.
LANGTON, 256%— Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LASKIE. 27, bet. 8th and 9th, oft Mission— 3-
room furnished sunny flat; complete for
housekeeping; $12. £
MCALLISTER, 641— 2 new completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; b&th, phone; rent reas.
MISSION. 862%, near Fifth— Sunny furnished
bay-window housekeeping suite, $16 month.
MISSION, 1125%— Large front housekeeping
room, $2.
PLEASANT sunny front room suitable for one
or two for housekeeping. Box 2, 800 Hayes.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. .
TEHAMA, 478, near Slxth-S.ll; 3 furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2S70— 2 or 3 large sunny
front connecting rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; private family.
VAN NESS ave., 798. cftr. Eddy— 4 furnished
rooms, consisting of 2 bedrooms, with folding
beds; dining-room, kitchen; bath, gas, tele-
phone; no children; references; $30.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Farm, and Unfarn.
AHLBORN ' HOTEL, 3£1 Grant ave.— Best doT^
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to *1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
• light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 863. bet. Mason and Taylor — Xicely fur-
nished sunny rooms.
CLARA, 34, off Fourth— Large sunny front
room; also single room; private family.
EDDY, 473 — Bright eunny single room; phone;
gas; $b per month. . ; .
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st.--
Tel. Red 2334 room* fuv.ilshed or unfurnished.
ELLIS. 705— Newly furnished room; use of
parlor and piano; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 730—1 large sunny front
room; 1 large sunny back room, suitable for
2; bath; private; German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and .Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Blngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 917 — 2 grand housekeeping rooms*
$14; also sunny front rooms, $10.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed rooms, $5 per month.
LANGTON. 129—5 sunny rooms to let; cheap
rent. Inquire at 1264 Folsom st.
METCALF place, 10, off Geary, near Powell—
Furnished room* to let.
MINNA, 172. near Third— Newly furnished
rooms, $1 25 per week up. •
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunn) furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL Hcuse, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 33c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and old water; baths. ¦
ROSEDALE House. 3U-S21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121. near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room, $3 50 " per month.
TEHAMA, 343— A large front room, nicely fur-
nished; rent reasonable. • -
TAYLOR, 106— Ligh.t airy rooms, $5 up; also
furnished housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 642 — Furnished room; convenient for 1
or 2; private family.
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. -
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 607 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
A SMALL family (4 adults) have larg%. sunny
room: suitable for two persons; quiet, com--
fortable home. 1512 Franklin st.
O'FARRELL, C05 (Johnson House)— Eleg. large
sunny rm; also single rms, with board; rets.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fam-
lly. 129 Hyde st. ¦ ¦ -
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
class. 21..1 Central ave.. Alameda.
ROOMS WANTED. : V «.
WANTED— Unfurnished room or office, $3 or
$4 month; man. Box 3803, Call office.
;.v; ~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES. ' . •. '
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., San Francisco,
Cal.. has received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1,
1901: Alice F. Debls, 10 years; Eleanor Rob-
erts. 2 years 10 months: Mary Phillips, 7
. years; Annie Sharman, 6 years; Harriet
Kharir.an, 3 years 4 months: Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepp, 3
years '5 months; Pauline E. Olson. 9 years E
months; Frances Follls, 10 years 6 months.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580. # ,
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 897 Market sL— La-
dies darlnp confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
&EWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even. : "phone Black 1124.. 203 4th.-
BOUGHT, sold, rente!, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
MEMBERS of Court Kensington No. 7904, A.
O. F., are respectfully requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother, J. F. O'Don-
ntll. - - L. DOFFE. Chief Ranger.
A. . HUME, Secretary.
¦ in^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), 'at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, '¦ 132 Sadowa street. Ocean
View. . Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
WINTER— In this city, April 12, 1901, Charles
Winter, beloved husband of Margarethe Win-
ter, and father of Clara and Emllie Winter,
a native of Germany, aged 44 years 6 months
and 8 days. —
E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Miss M. Walsh. 2117 Webster
: street. ' Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ ¦ • ; . - ¦
WEBF.R— In Ocean View, April 11, 1901. John,
-beloved son of Julius and Margaret Weber.
, and brother of Mrs. Henry Ickler and Julia
• and Lottie ¦. Weber, a native of Brooklyn,
- N. Y.V aged 29 years and 12 days. * \
ETFriends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 1 /O'clock, from the funeral
¦ parlors . of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment private. •. . -.
WALSH— In this city, April 11, 1901. Charles
A. Walsh, -beloved brother of Mrs. Charles
Denny. and : Jamea, John, George and Maude
, ;Walsh, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years.-' -¦,..-
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence, 716 , Fell street, between WebBter and
Fillmcre. '.'- Interment „ I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. '
VAIL-In this city, April 11, 1901. Charles H.
•Vail,- father of Robert,- Charles and Frances
, .Vail, : a native ; of Chester, N. Y., aged 75
years. ••»'-'. . . . ¦ • ¦ . . • . •
. K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
..(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock,, from the parlors
of J. S. 1 Godeau, . 305 Montgomery avenue. < |
TORDIFF— In the. City and County. Hospital,
April 11, 1901, Adolf Tordiff, a native of New
York, ared 64 years.
TRAUTNER— In this city,' April 11, 190L Her-
mann Gustave Trautner, dearly beloved hus-
band of 'Elisabeth Trautner, father of -Lily
¦ and •' Hen-man Trautner, and brother !of
-Charles Trautner, a native of Kahla, Thur-
ingen, Germany, aged 68 years and 13 days.
A member of Gesellschaft Teutonla.
%y Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence, 4138 Twenty-fifth street. . thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
. commencing at " 9 o'clock. Interment -.Holy
-Cross Cemetery. ' . ¦ ' . .
SPANNING— In this city. April 12. 1901. George
Spanning, beloved husband of Laurence Span-
' nine, brother-in-law of Mr. and : Mrs. Vays-
¦ sie Casimir, Charles and Paul Cervieres, and
nephew of . Mr. and Mrs. Martin Cervieres, a
- native of Germany, aged 31 years 4 months
, nnd 12 days. -.- -^ -''¦»; xv" '"%.-:¦-'
loving father of Mary A.. John C. and James
J. Smith, a native of County «Ca van, ¦ Ire-
land, a^ed 71 years.' ¦ • '¦ : • - -
' ' • CT Friends T and . acquaintances are respect-
• fully, invited to attend the : funeral this day
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, ' from;the . parlors
- of H.'F.'Suhr & -Co.," 1137 Mission, street,' be-
: tween - Seventh and .- Eighth, ¦» thence ; : to St.
Church, :r Army » street,-- near Fol-
som,' : for. J services at 8 t o'clock. ¦ Interment
y\ Holy/ Cross' Cemetery. , '
SMITH— la this city.; April: 10," 1901, Owen, be-
' loved husband of the late Bridget Smith, and
- E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
" fully ; invited to • attend • the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at ithe
-First Danish Norwegian Church, East Four-
teenth street and Twenty-fifth avenue. In-
terment Mountain ".View 1 Cemetery. . ¦
SCHEURING— In this city, April 11; 1901, Caro-
' line, 1 beloved • wife of ¦ Nlcolaus Scheuring,
mother of Louise ' Scheuring, and sister ". of
Neuberger Walhart, a " native of Aberhafen,
Tyrol, Austria, , aged 34 years 11 months and
:' 7 days.-, ; -\ ¦ ~ ' -'¦'¦- ¦' . " : - / ~- "...". -
IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
[ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence* $87 Wood street.. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. . * . ...
RATTO— In this city, April 11, 1901, -Lena
Ratto, . dearly beloved ¦-¦ wife ¦ of . Gloachino
Ratto, daughter of G. B. Canessa ¦ and ' the
late Catherine • Canessa, and sister ofDollie,
Joseph," Charlie and Dominic Canessa, » na-
- tlve of San -Francisco, aged: 23 years. -• .--;:?'
RIEFENBERG— In -, Fruitvale, April .: 1L . 1901,
Julius F.;' beloved husband ofTillie Rlefen-
berir, and son of > Julius and Marie Riefen-
berg, a- native of Germany, . aged . 35 years.
(Burlington, Ohio, papers • please copy.> , »•
MKS. A. MA AS, .Secretary. . :
PETTITT— In Oakland. April 11. 1901, Eliza-
beth, wife of'J. G. Pettitt, mother of Mrs. A.
N. Brewls and George, Bert, Maud, Irene and
Flora Pettitt, 'a native of England, aired 58
years C months and 5 days. . , .
ICFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Court Star of the West No. 6956, A. O..F.,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his sister, Mrs. R.E. Cole, .654
. Folsom street, between Second and Third,
thence to St. • Patrick's Church for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount -Calvary Ceme-
tery. " " - '. . .. ' -
PETERSON— In Oakland, April 12, ; 1901, Re-
becca, beloved wife of ¦ Alfred Peterson,
mother of .Frieda Dreyer. and sister of Mrs.
C. Dahl, a native of Germany, aged 45 years
and 6 months. .¦ - . .
' C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at' 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 4450 Grove street, corner of Forty-
fifth, Oakland, thence to • Druids' Hall. 413
Sui ter street, San • Francisco, where runeral
services will be held , under the auspices of
the San Franclseo Frauen Verein, commehc-
Ins .at t o'clock. Interment I. O. ¦ O. F.
Cemetery. -- ¦ ¦ - •
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Verein— To the of-
ficers and members . of . the San Francisco
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
¦ assemble at ¦ Druids',; Hall. 413 Sutter street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral - of our -late member, Mrs.
Rebecca Petersonr- By., order
¦ MRS. G. ; GALL. President. '
. lETFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from 'the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. E. J. Baker, 764
Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's Church
1 for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, via the 3:30 'o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets ' depot. ¦ .
O'NEILL— In this city, April 11, 1901, Patrick
H. O'Neill. ¦ beloved husband ' of Bridget
O'Neill, father of .Alice O'Neill, and brother
of • Cornelius, Michael and Stephen O'Neill
and Mrs. R. E. Cole, a \ native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 51 years. (Skibbreen pa-
" pers please copy.) . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ; -'¦ ¦¦' . - . s
' nr?"Funeral services at his late residence,
443 Eddy street, this day (Saturday), at 1:30
o'clock. Interment private at National Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
O'KEEFE— In this city, April 11. 1901, Mrs.
Margaret O'Keefe, a native of Ireland, aged
81 years. ¦ ' " . . - ¦
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .152 Clara street, between , Fourth and
Fifth; ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MULLINS— In this city. Anril- 10. 1901, Wil-
liam Mullins, beloved husband of. Mary Jane
Mullins, and father of Mrs. H. M. Greene
and William F. Mullins, a. native of Ireland,
aged 75. years and 8 months. ¦. »
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:20" o'clock, from his late
residence, 1223% Geary street, thence to St.
Mary's. Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencinsr at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .•
MIETZSCH— In this 'city, April 11, 1901,' Lena,
.dearly beloved wife of Ernst Mietzsch, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Peter N. Berkhout,
Mrs. • Ben Page and Charles E. Mletzach, a
native of Prussia, . aged 63 years 3 months
and 17 days. (Santa*- Rosa papers please
copy.) . . . •
HARRY RYAN, Secretary.
McMAHON— In this city, April 11, 1901, Peter
McMahon, husband of the late Ann Mc-
Mahon, and father of Henry. McMahon; Mrs.
Eliza Deutch and the late Mrs. Frank J.
Stanton, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
lanri aged 68 years 7 months and 27 days. A
member of James A. Garfleld Post No. 34,
G. A. R. . ,
K7"The funeral will- take -place this day
(Satuiday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, I Spruce street, j Interment private.
LYNCH— In the City' and County Hospital,
April 12, 1901, John Lynch, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 28 years.
LYNCH— In this city, April 12, 1901, John T..
beloved brother of James, Harry • and Irene
Lynch and Mrs. J. J. Murphy.
E? Remains at the parlors of McGinn &
•Hansen. 314 Eddy street. • E
MCDONNELL — In Oakland. April 11. 1901,
Michael McDonnell, • beloved husband of
Mariah McDonnell, father of Annie L. and
James P. McDonnell, and brother of John,
: Patrick and James McDonnell and Mrs. Ed-
ward Cavanaugh of Oakland and Mrs. Ellen
Herlihy of San Francisco, | a . native of - the
parish of Scull, County Cork, Ireland, aged
34 years. . - • »¦
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 826 Linden street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at /1 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemeteryi Oakland. ¦
INTERNATIONAL Longshoremen's Associa-
tion, Local 222: You are requested to attend
the funeral of i our late brother, Michael Mc-
Donnell, this day (Saturday), at 9:30 o clock,
from 826 Linden street, Oakland. By order of
LAWRENCE BARRY. President.
tr^TFriends and • acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from . the parlors of
H. F.I Suhr & Co., 1137. Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
LANGE— Entered into rest, in this city, April
11, ¦ 1001, Charles, beloved '¦ husband of Mary
C. Lange, and devoted father of Charles W.
Lange, Mrs. J. R. Kelly, Mrs. F. S. Kates,
Mrs. S. Jacobs, William A. Lance, Mrs. L.
Smith and the late. John F. Lange and Mrs.
j J. J. Fuller, a native of Hanover, Germany,
agred 74 years and 2 months.
IC3"Friends* and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend tlje funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 8462 Eighteenth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. ". ¦ { .. ,
KINNEY— In this city, April 11. 1901, George
G., beloved husband of Mary J. Kinney, and
father of Genevieve, Harold and Claude Kin-
ney, a native of ' New York, aged 37 years
and 3 months." A member of Court Presidio
No. 40. F. .of A. (New York papers please
copy.) - .
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from. the residence oO
his parents, 1087 Church street. \ between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ¦ ,. .. •
KENTZELL-In this. city. April 10, 1901. Rob-
ert W., beloved ' husband of Jennie • Kentzell.
father of .Myrtle and Leonide Kentzell, and
brother of Theodore, Richard, James and
Joseph Kentzell, a native. of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 3 months and. 20 days. •
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday); at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence, 1112 Castro street, thence to St James
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
\ celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
' mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. :¦ '. ,, -¦ -¦ ¦
KEIL— In this city," April 12, 1901, Walter
David, dearly beloved son of Oscar C. and
.Nettie Kell, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years 8 months and 24 days.
: E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j fSunOav), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petereen & Co., 22X McAllister street.
Inteiment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . '.•
HUHSr-Near Dixon, Solano County, Cal., April'
12, lf-01. Matilda Huhs, beloved wife of Ju-
lius Huhs, • mother of Julius and August
HuhB of'San Francisco, and sister of Mrs.
Mollie McLean and David " Clark of £ San
- Francisco. ,
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Dixon.
KENEALY— In this city, April .10. 1901, Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Mary Kenealy. father
of Elizabeth Kenealy, and brother of James
Kenealy, a native of Glenlara, County Cork,
'Ireland, aged 43. years and 1 month. (Chi-
cago papers please copy.) ¦. ...'.
. : (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late . resi-
dence, 429 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencing at
"12:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HENNTN'GER — In this city, . April 11, 1901.
Kllse Henninger, beloved wife of Henry Hen-
ninrer, and mother of Emma, Carl and
Henry. Henninser, a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 28 years 4 months. and 17 days.
¦ ¦ (CS'Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30. o'clock, from the; parlors
ofi the United - Undertakers. 27 and 23 . Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
?services will be held at^2 o'clock. ¦ Interment
¦/Mount Calvary Cemetery.'. •\-~ ; -
GODFREY— In this city. April 12, 1901. Albert
- Edward, beloved son of Nathaniel A. and
¦ Daisy R. Godfrey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 9 month,s'and 5 days.
HALEr-In Uhis city, April 10. 1901.. Mahala,
beloved. wife of William E.- Hale, mother of
William Hale, daughter of. the late William
P. Roberts and Louisa Roberts, and beloved
sister of Mrs. H. Valbush, Mrs. J.-T. Hale
and Alice Roberts, a native of Oakland, Cal.',
aged 19 years 8 months and 20 days. ,
ine Foley, a native « of New .York, aged ¦ 41
years 2 months and 10 days: . - ~ . ' ;,
Eugene McGinn. . - • . McGINN BROS
¦ . Funeral Directors and Embalmera.' • '
31 EDDY STRE1.T. ;•>... ¦•_..•'. ;
Telephone South 252. ..: ' ' San Francisco,
¦ ': No Connection With Any Other House." •
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.-. : ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School. •
Telephone South. £0. "'. : ' "NEW UNITED STATES CONSUL
TO HONGKONG, NOW IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
Female Wewspaper TMef.
A woman was arrested Thursday, morn
ing by Policeman T. Murrln for, stealing
a copy of The Call from 415 Noe street.
She was booked at the. Seventeenth-street
police station and gave the name- of Mag
gie Egan. The case was called in , Judge
Fritz's court yesterday, but was continued
till to-rjay.
There is no headache in Jesse Moore whiskey.
That's because it is pure. .
Nothing to Live For.
• Frank "Dannecker, a v "waiter. living at
446 Brannan street, was taken to the City
and County Hospital yesterday suffering
from a self-inflicted, wound in the left
breast just above the heart. He sought
Bernal Heights to kill himself, and after
he had made the atttempt he walked sev
eral blocks until he met a man whom he
told what he had done. This is Danneck
er's second attempt. ¦ He may survive. He
said he had nothing to live for. '
Skillman Is Convicted.
Fred Skillman, who evicted the girl Eva
Currier, from S44' Mission street while .she
was suffering from pneumonia, was con
victed of battery by Judge Mogan yester-'
day and will -be- sentenced 'this morning..
His defense was that the Curriers had no.t.
been paying their rent, and Skillman had.
been advised by a law student , named
Haas that he could take. j forcible posses
sion of the room occupied. by the Curriers.
The Jndge said that Skillman was techni
cally - guilty and the sentence would be
light. ' -| ¦ •'- • " .
Jacques Imaltz, the best known chef in
San Francisco, Is dead. For the past thir
ty years .he has cooked at the Pacific-
Union Club with the exception of four
years, when he was absent on a visit to
France, his native country.
He ¦was commonly ¦ Known as "Jack
Smaltz" and was a most peculiar charac
ter. He. loved his art -and was never hap
pier than when superintending the ar
rangements for a sumptuous banquet. All
the members of the club J admired his
culinary efforts, and he was rated the
leading chef of this. city. , He was an
originator _ of dishes, and this, with his
thorough training- in his art, made him a
most valuable attache of the jelub. He
considered the Pacific-Union Club his
home and swore that he would not work
in any other kitchen as long as he lived.
He was true to his vow and died still in
the employ of the club, -where he had seen
the best part of his life's work.
Jacques Imaltz Passes Away
After Thirty Years of"
Faithful Work.
An Originator of Dishes and an Ar-
tist in His "Way, Who Looked
No Higher Than the
Club Kitchen.
PACIFIC-UNION HAS
LOST ITS CHEF
BANNING GETS
THE POSITION
Receives the- Appointment
as First Assistant Dis
trict Attorney.
Young T>. B. McKinley, the Presi
diat's Cousin, May Be Selected
to Fill Vacancy Created by
the Promotion.
Second Assistant United States District
Attorney E. J. Banning received a tele
gram from "Washington yesterday after
noon announcing that he had been ap
pointed first assistant to fill the vacancy
caused by the promotion of Marshall B.
Woodworth to the District Attorneyship.
The appointment was made by Attorney
General Knox.
The promotion of Mr. Banning leaves
the way clear for the appointment of L.
B. McKinley. a first cousin of the Presi
dent, as second assistant. Mr. McKinley
is a son of Benjamin F. McKinley, uncle
of the President, occupying the position
of Assistant Posjtmaster in this city. He
is the President's choice. Duncan E. Mc-
JCinlay of Santa Rosa was said to be the
choice of Senators Perkins and Bard for
the place secured by Mr. Banning.
The new appointee received his legal ed
ucation in this city and has been acting
as second assistant in the United States
Attorney's office for the past two years. •
After a long contest Marshall B. Wood
worth was appointed Untted States At
torney. .Northern District of- California,
to succeed Frank L. Coombs, who re
signed after election to Congress. Imme
diately after Mr.- Woodworth was appoint
ed an open fight'began lor the position of
first assistant in the attorney's office.
Edward J. Banning:, who terved as secorrl
assistant under Mr. Coombs, rallied his
friends to sustain him in an effort to ob
tain the first place under Mr. Woodworth.
One of his uncles in Ohio enjoys the
friendship and confidence of Judge Day
and the Judge happens to be next' to the
Attorney General and pretty close up to
the President. The pull in this direction
made it obvious to the California Sena
tors that Banning was ir. the field with
prospects of winning out.
Senators Perkins and .bard favored that
the first position in the office, the one
that Mr. Banning was seeking, should be
awarded to D. E. McKinlay, campaign
orator and eloquent exponent of protec
tion to all of our Industries. Moreover,
the Senators contended that they had the
right to bestow the patronage and place
it where it would do tbe countrv In gen
eral and the Republican party in particu
lar the most good. Ifce contest proceeded
with considerable vigor on both sides. All
the kinsfolk of Banning, Lynch and Day
in Ohio were lined up on one side and the
Senators f rom W^allf orrua. on the other.
It was the Impression at the beginning
of the contest that the losinsr candidate
for the first place would get the secon-i
place without opposition, but another sur
prise, however, comes to D. E. McKInlay
in the report that young Ben McKinlcy,
who was an aspirant for legislative nom
ination last fall, is slated for second place
under Mr. Woodworth and that nothing: is
left for D. E. but the prospect of going
into the field and hslping the party win
another victor.".
Why Don't You Travel by Sea?
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery : St., and Inform
yourself concerning that company's , Im
proved service and low ' rates to ; . Los An
geles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.
Vote to Ask Supervisors to
Provide for Settlement -
of Claims. </i
¦A committee of the merchant creditors
of 'the city will meet with the Board of
Supervisors next Monday to request that
a day be fixed to consider - their ; claims
against the city. This committee con
sists of W. A. Swinerton of H. S. Crocker
& Co., F. W- Eaton of the Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Company, C.R.«
Havens of Murphy, Grant & Co. ; W. - C.
McCloskey of Miller, Sloss & Scott;. H. W.
Faust and Joseph * Magner of ¦ Scott • &
Magner, Mr. Keith of the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank and Oscar l^ewls.- i-,-r-\ • ¦
A meeting of the city's merchant credi
tors was held yesterday at the rooms of
the San Francisco Board of Trade? a Oscar
Lewis presided. A set of resolutions was
presented by F. W. Eaton, after, a- report
had been made by a committee, ¦ reciting
the work that has been done to get the
claims against the city allowed.'. The reso
lutions were headed with a- preamble, in
which it was set forth that the people of
the State of California have, .by their
votes, expressed a .willingness to pay and
have provided a law by. which; the Board
of Supervisors of San Francisco may pay,
with 5 . per cent interest thereon,- an
amount not to ¦ exceed - in the aggregate
$500,000 in liquidation of outstanding In
debtedness for I the • forty-first, . forty-sec
ond, forty-third, forty-fourth and forty
fifth fiscal years out of the income or rev
enue of succeeding years: but that there is
a movement on the part of the Supervisors
to arrange for the, payment of only one
half of the claims, etc.- Therefore it was
resolved as follows:
That we, the merchant creditors of the -city,
!n meeting assembled, recognize that the time
has arrived when our claims can be * legally
paid, and, having waited nine years patiently
for : such a' condition to » exist, do hereby
¦urgently request that the Board' of Supervisors
will at once take such action as 'will enable
us to receive ¦ our just • dues in full, with the
interest that the law provides, . and that ' a
copy of these resolutions be presented to his
lionor ¦ the Mayor, the Auditor and the Board
of 'Supervisors of the . city, • urging the further
ance of our recuest. > "
Another fruitless session of the Grand
Jury was held yesterday afternoon in a
lengthy discussion over the intricacies of
the Sullivan case. One of the peculiar
features of the case that Is so puzzling
to the jurors Is that District Attorney
Byington is perfgrce acting in a dual ca
pacity. He is the public prosecutor and
as such Is obliged to prepare indictments
against all offenders.
In the Sullivan case the additional du
ties imposed upon his office by the char
ter make him appear as defending: the
acts of his subordinates. It was In the
bond and warrant clerk's office whence
the scandal emanated. With the excep
tion of Sullivan, all the attaches are ap
pointees of Byington. So the Grand Jury
sought enlightenment from the presiding
Judge of the Superior Court, Frank H.
Dunne. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ' _ ¦ .
It was originally planned that the Grand
Jury should go into Judge Dunne's court
and seek his advice. But Judge Dunne
wanted a little heart-to-heart talk with
the jurors, and armed with a marked
copy of the Penal Code entered their
meeting room. He first told the jurors
they talked too much and then told them
the law would not permit any one,
except the District Attorney or his as
sistants, to participate in the hearing of
a case. Judge Dunne emerged from the
room well satisfied that his words would
be heeded. - • '
The Grand Jurors discussed the matter
for a short time and then took up the
MERCHANTS SEEK
PAY FROM CITY
consideration of a coudI© of old and oft
tried cases of minor. Importance. No wit
nesses were called in the Sullivan case.
James H. Kelly, a disappointed aspirant
for a soft snap as plumbing inspector un
der the Board of Health, filed a long com
munication , alleging gross - frauds on the
part of the Civil Service Commissioners
during. that examination.- His plaint has
already been made public, but the matter
was referred to the Committee on Mayor
and Civil Service to investigate. This
committee consists of E. P. Danforth P
O. Aherne and Harry M. Kelly.
Other matters relating to the ball money
question are still : unsettled, while those
interested still await their money. Attor
ney Scott, who has . a large number, of
these claims to collect, had a conference
with the Auditor and has decided to await
am opinion from the Auditor's attorneys
before beginning threatened mandamus
proceedings. The County Clerk has also
a daily increasing list of these orders,- and
a decision of, some kind or other is anx
iously, expected. -. ..
fired. In his excitement, and not know
ing if he had injured Trewhella, Glaze
started to " reload his weapon. Then he
was met by Mr. Porter and went with
him to the office. There he gave his pis
tdl and cartridges to his stepson and went
out of the hotel to give himself up to the
police- We will prove all this and ask
an acquittal at your hands, gentlemen of
the. jury." . ' "
The first witness called by the defense
was Christopher Merchant. He testified
that he was a butcher and had supplied
the "Windsor Hotel with meat. The wit
ness said that on the day of the shooting
he had talked with O'Connor, the bellboy,
who had denied witnessing the shooting.
The witness testified that last year he
had conversed with Trewhella about
Glaze, but that he had not told Glaze
what Trewhella had said.
The expected evidence of Merchant that
Trewhella . had made threats against
Glaze was not forthcoming, and Attorney
Foot© tried to impeach his own witness
by his evidence in the Police Court. Mer
chant was emphatic in his statements
that he had not repeated to Glaze any
conversation held by witness with Trew
hella. Witness then detailed the conver
sations held with Trewhella. • They con
sisted of complaints as to the manner in
which Glaze was carrying on the business
and Trewhella's determination to sell out ,
his Interest. No mention was made by
Merchant as to any threats made by
Trewhella against Glaze.
. In cross-examination by the prosecu
tion Merchant stated that Trewhella al
ways spoke in a calm way about Glaze.
"He was i a man of few words," said
Merchant, "and told me the business was
all right,- but that he did not like Glaze's
way of doing things. He said that he did
not suit Glaze and that Glaze did not suit
him, and -in- order to avoid trouble he
would sell out his interesfin the hotel."
H. H. McAllister, formerly employed at
the Windsor Hotel, was then called to
the witness stand by the defense. Mc-
Allister testified that a dispute had ex
isted between • Glaze and Trewhella over
the cancellation of a bill for $50 by Glaze
for Janes, his former partner.
'Glaze said that it was a custom not to
charge hotel men for their board," said
McAllister, "but Trewhella said that he
had bought out Janes and that Janes was
no longer in.the hotel business and should
pay his bills -like any other guest."
In cross-examination witness stated
that Trewhella was decided in his state
ments, but was not angry.
"Trewhella said to me," stated McAl
lister, "that he would have felt better if
Glaze had consulted him about the bill of
Jane*. This matter took place in May,
1900." -¦ ¦ - - ¦ ¦. ;
R. H. Porter, formerly a bellboy at the
Windsor Hotel, testified that on the day
of the shooting he was in the bar: of the
hotel. : . -
"When I heard the shots fired," said
Porter, "I ran down the steps to the
court. I saw O'Connor near the kitchen
door. He was running toward the office.
Several times that day he told me that he
did not see the shooting. I saw Glaze in
side the kitchen with a pistol in his hand.
I took hold of him and escorted him to
the office. We stopped for an instant
where Trewhella's body was lying. When
we got to the • office Glaze gave his re
volver and ! cartridges to his stepson.
.Shelly, and then we went out and he gave
himself up to an officer."
In cross-examination Porter stated that
he saw O'Connor standing in the door
way of the kitchen, within a foot of
where Trewhelle. lay dying. "Deal, a
boarder, followed me to the kitchen," said
Porter, "and asked the bellboy what the
trouble was. O'Connor replied. 'That
darned fool Glaze has shot Trewhella.'
When we went in the office Glaze started
to go upstairs. Then he came back, and
his stepson, Shelly, told him that he had
better give himself up to the police. Glaze
was excited and several times said, 'He
threatened me.' "
Mr. Bylngton— Did not Glaze say to you,
"For God's sake, Porter, don't go back on
me?" (
The witness— Yes, he said so.
At the afternoon session Frank L. Seav
ler was called by the defense. He testi
fied that he was repairing the bells in the
elevator on January 14, and had a con
versation with Glaze between 1 and 2 p. m.
Shortly afterward the witness heard
sounds .of firing and ran into the court
yard. He saw Trewhella lying wounded
en the ground and went for a doctor.
\On cross-examination witness stated
that he saw the bellboy O'Connor in the
courtyard immediately after he (the wit
ness) had eone there, after, hearing the
sounds of shots. .
. Leo Aron, a thin old man, who said that
his • business was that of a painter and
decorator, was r>ut on the witness stand
by the defense. Aron testified that I he
lived at 2188 Sutter street, and that he
had done considerable work for Glaze at
the Windsor Hotel. The witness said that
last year Glaze had send for him to re
paper some rooms and had Introduced him
to his partner. , . "
"I don't know his name," said Aron
"but it was Glaze's partner, the man who
was killed. His partner showed me the
rooms^I was to fix up. When I finished
my job, Glaze asked me for my bilL The
work for the rooms amounted to $18 and
there was a' balance of an old account.
Glaze'paid, me the* whole > amount, about
$60 or $70 odd. Trewhella saw him pay
me the money and said to Glaze: Tou
, if you pay another cent out on thi3
building I will kill you.' "
Aron was subjected to a rigid cross-ex
amination by District Attorney Byjngton.
The attempt of the defense to have read
the testimony of Silas Hatch was opposed
by the prosecution. Hatch gave evidence
in the Police Court, and though served
with a. subpena to attend the present trial
has left the city. Judge Dunne would not
allow ¦ the defense to read the evidence
unless further proof .was forthcoming of
diligent search to locate the missing wit
ness. The trial .-will be resumed on Mon
day morning: at 10. • -
WA. . RUBLEE, who was re
cently appointed 'American
Consul at Hongkong to fill
O the vacancy caused by the
tragic death of ' the J late
Rounsevelle Wildman, arrived from Mil
waukee last evening. He is accompanied
by .his wife and is staying at the Palace.
The newly appointed Consul is compara
tively a young man, being only 40 years
of age. He is. tall of stature and of digni
fied appearance. He is expected to make
a good record in the Orient, i He is a-Har
vard graduate and has had considerable
experience in the newspaper world, as : he
assisted his father for a number of years
in the publication of the Milwaukee Sen
tinel, of which paper his father is a part
owner.
This is not Rublee*s first experience in
the diplomatic service. During President
Harrison's administration he- was the
American Consul at Prague, Austria.
Consul Rublee said last evening thatjie
hoped to get away for his new post on
the steamer China, which will leave the
early part of next, week. He refused. to
discuss his. appointment, but said he ap
preciated the ¦ responsibility of his duties,
and would try to make a record for zeal
ous work. *¦;¦>-
BYINGTON A CAUSE OF GREAT
WORRY TO THE GRAND JURY
That Body Asks Advice of Judge Dunne Con=
cerning District Attorney's- Office.
The testimony for the prosecution in the
case of Robert E. Glaze, charged with. the
murder of his partner,' William Trewhella,
in the Windsor Hotel on January 14 last,
rested yesterday and the defense' com
menced the introduction of evidence.
When court convened in the morning the
prosecution was allowed to read the evi
dence of Harry B. Havens, given in the
Police Court. Havens has left the city
and it was impossible to serve him -with
a subpena to appear before Judge Dunne
and the jury trying the murder case. The
testimony of Havens was to. the effect
that on' January 14 he heard shots fired
in-the court of the .Windsor Hotel and
that he ran down to the courtyard. There
he saw Glaze and another man proceed
ing into the office. Havens also saw the
body of Trewhella lying near the kitchen
door and. that .Trewhella had a cigar in
the fingers of his right hand. The evi
dence showed that Havens had attempted
to help Trewhella, but could not do so.
Havens testified that he saw O'Connor,
the bellboy, near Trawhella's body.
Alfred, Kendall, stepson • of Trewhella,
testified that .he had known Trewhella all
hislifeand that the deceased was about 5/
years old at the time of his death.
F. M. Black, hotel steward of the South
ern Pacific dining car system, testified
that on January 14 last he was employed
at. the "Windsor Hotel. "When the» prose
cution tried to prove by the witness that
Glaze had made frequent threats against
Trewhella, Judge Dunne sustained the ob
jection of the defense on the ground that
the conversations between' ¦witness' and
Glaze were too remote. -
At this point the Assistant District At
torney announced that the prosecution
rested Its case.
Argues Claim of Self -Defense.
• Attorney Peixotto made the] opening ad
dress for the defense and claimed that it
would prove that Glaze killed Trewhella
in self-defense. The attorney dwelt upon
the life and career of Glaze and his mar
riage to Mrs. Shelly, his present wife.
Peixctto told how Glaze had gone intp
business at ¦ the Windsor Hotel and .how
.Trewhella had a man named
Janes, as : his partner. He said Trewhella
had accused Glaze of dishonesty in allow
ing Janes $50 on' his board account and
from that transaction bitter feeling arose
between the hotel partners.
"We will show," said Peixotto, "that
Trewhella threatened the life of "Glaze
many times, especially ¦when speaking to
a tradesman at the hotel. "We will show
that Trewhella said, 'I have trouble with
my partner and unless I get my money I
will, kill the — — — .' I We
will . prove that this tradesman ¦ warned
Glaze. We ¦ will • also ' prove that Trew
hella, In: the presence of a witness, . said
to Glaze, 'If you pay any more bills like
this I will kill, you the very first time.'. "
Peixotto then 'told how Glaze had tried
to raise money in order to buy Trewhella's
interest in the hotel and that on the day
of the shooting Glaze went to look for
Trewhella In order to get his signature to
certain* documents. The attorney also
dwelt on the trouble between Mrs. Glaze
and Mrs. 'Trewhella on the night previous
to the shooting, when Trewhella forced
Mrs. Glaze out of his, wife's rooms and
shut the door in her face.
Says Trewhella Hade Threats.
"On the day of the unfortunate affair,"
said Peixotto, "Glaze and Trewhella had
words about the quarrel between their
wives on the previous night. Glaze tried
to quiet Trewhella, but «he latter was
angry and took up a. big butcher knife ajid
threatened Glaze. Glaze went away and
looked for his wife, hoping that she would
be able to pacify Trewhella. Again they
met in the kitchen and had words. Then
Glaze had < to go downtown on business.
On his way. uptown he secured cartridges
for his" revolver. ! . He had a right to do
this, being in the habit of carrying a
weapon, as all hotel men do who are on
duty in the office of hotels. The revolver
was cleaned and repaired at the store
without any suggestion of Glaze.
"When Glaze returned to the hotel he
had his lunch and then worked on the
books. He expected Trewhella, In order
to fix up. certain matters of the proposed
sale of Trewhella' s Interest to Glaze. Glaze
¦went to look for Trewhella In the kitchen,
where he knew Trewhella usually was at
that hour. In looking: for Trewhella Glaze
looked in the door of the old bakery and
saw Trewhella coming-; In at - the . other
door. Trewhella at once said to- Glaze:
'What, you. here? '—• you, I will kill
you.' - Glaze saw something glisten in
Trewhella's hand and pulled his pistol and
Attorn ey Peixotto Makes the
Opening Statement for -
. Prisoner.
Accused Is Expected to T^ke Wit
ness Stand in His Own Be- /
half Early Next
Week.
DEFENSE BEGINS
IN GLAZE TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL, 13, 1901;
SUCCESSOR TO WI LD MAN
EN ROUTE TO HONGKONG
W. A. Rublee, a Milwaukee Newspaper Mani
Recently Appointed Consul, Arrives I^ere.
14
mUnC Ur InUoC
Ladies' 25c Hose for 18c.
. The boxes got broken in the ship-
.„. Made of hold and the man who ordered 'them
*i\tfJfSfoii:~ r8a - wouldn't accept them — said folks would
' yarn. suspect something wrong with .the
ls^vimErm-'*£Q — ¦¦¦"¦ stockings. If we were mind to we could
J nR»>'ki\ ..f/ put them in perfect boxes and get 25c
3^4 f° r them - Its the mo5t P°P ular stock i n S on the
&^^J*»9^%A market— made better than the ordinary ones — of real
maco yarn— f till fashioned and dyed in Hermsdorf
i!$L i^^w black, spliced heels and toes— three styles, Riche-
*$i*k Heu Rembrandt and Bedford drop stitch— the drop
/^^» stitch runs all round and from top to toe.
. Three other good values to-day:
ChUd's a ioS200 dozen children's ribbed fast black cotton hose-soorf weight.
seajnless and elastic — sizes 5% and 9%. . ,__>,__* tmnnrtM- nualitv Wa^Tc
Children's Fancr Polka Dot Hose 35c Pair-best imported quamy bUck
with white extracted dots; also cadot bine with white extractea aou.
Men's Dress Suit Cases
* -Here's a splendid one— 24 inch size we'll sell
Fop $2.39 to-day instead of $3.25.
Almost &n even dollar saved! Is it worth anything to you? The case is made
of best quality rubber cloth with leather corners and lined with cloth—
$2.39 each. . '- . -
A SPLENDID VARIETY OF
New Veilings at 50c Yard:; -
New London meshes, light and dainty, plain and fancy meshes with che-
nille and velvet dots or clusters of srnadl chenille dots^m contrasting colors,
Brussels nets and black and white plain and dotted chiffon, or gray mixed
tuxedo meshes. What a/rariety and how effective .are the patterns!
VISIT DRUG COUNTER TO-DAY,
Kirk's Toilet Soap Reduced.
It's good soap, too — that's the chief reason we've marked it down
From 25c box, to 14c.
We want to give you such good thin gs you can't stay away from drag coun-
". Palma Florida water, 25c larse bottle.
4-ounce bottles blue seal vaseline Sc>
1 Colgate's dental powder 15c- . „ ,. N
Lesourd Pivert satlnette face powder 10c (usually^ loc).
¦ El Perfecto rouge for beautifyinsr the complexion _>Oc
Hudnut's violet sec toilet water 75e.
Hudnut's violet almond cream 25c . .
... :^ : ... , ¦.'(.:¦••¦•.¦•;¦
ADVEETISEME1TTS.
P. ROSCOE McXCLTY, M. D.
SOJ. Is^enrny tit^, San f rsneisco. Cel-
DR.-M9NDLTY;
nniIS WELL-KNOWN AITD BF.LIABLE OLD
_L Specialist <-we*B!o<xi Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, .vprnlnsil Weakness, Impotence and their
s-llied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, free.
OT-*r20years>xpenence.T<»rmi reasonable. Hours,
StoSdatIy;6:30to8.30ev'gs. Rundays.lOto K. Consul-
tattonlreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddreu
A LIVELY ROW
Is In prospect between the Russian Bear
on one side and the British Lion on the
other. The timely hints of the helpful
sort .about our laundry •work will save
you many an unpleasant predicament and
row.
Our work is sent home right— it must
satisfy us. as experts, then we're sure
'twill satisfy you.
Oakland OffIco-54 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42OJ
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
JACKSON-STREET RESIDENCE,
NORTH SIDE, NEAR BUCHANAN ST.
IN FINEST ORDER.
MUST BE SOLD. VERY CHEAP.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
• ¦ - . . . C Montgomery at.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ETS.— RE-
modeled and lenovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, sOc to SI 60 day;
U to $8 week; $S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator rum all night.
Sample Line WOMEN'S -m t**t -gr TF% W J ff r ' ig^ / WHITE
BEL TS, regular prices B|kJ|l : flfa. K9 H»T -" HEMS TITCHED
35c,50c,75c-on |W| BU& Ep^ll^'^ UNION LINEN HAND-
I8c. \* rKBROS' -3c e'acii.
...ALWAYS...
Something few to Of fer.
Torday we give you a great chance at our
CHILDREN'S WHITE * APRONS, WHITE
: DRESSES, PIQUE CAPES .AND COATS,-
and ' o'.her good things from a few " of <\qur-\
i^. . leading departments.
Children's White Aprons. Two Knit Underwear Specials
CHILDREN'S ' APRONS, made of fine Woman's heavy or medium weight UNDER
lawn. ' nicely ¦ trimmed, worth y|K/» - VESTS, long sleeves, all • sizes, 1Q-
.:75c;on sale..:...... ..ClWy; , ¦ regular 35c quality, on sale.... IvW
$1.15 quality onsale...... '•If® Woman's PINK or BLUE LONG SLEEVE
, $1.50 qualityon sale .....OSc - VESTS- lisle and cotton mixed, QOj-»
. , - _ ¦ - - ¦:¦¦¦ our regular 40c quality, on sale, -4 \*
Chi'dren's Pique Capes or Coats, \ a turdav C ors^
trimmed with three ruffles of wide em- CalUIUdj UUlOCI v|JClildli
•. broidery,, lined, with, white flannel. ¦ . ¦, '.Just received an entire' new line of Thomp-
'.' $2.00 quality, on sale at......:.S1^25 sonand R & G Straight Front Corsets, '
' $3.50 quality on sale at......... $2.45 ' , all sizes,- the same kind you pay $1.50
CHILD'S PIQUE COATS, large^sailor ' ¦ :' &L he w !' J VP n °5 * a i ls^ or y °£ 8h P u J^
IS^^^I^^fll I |?^i otla^o^! . $1.00:
- Children's White Dresses • j us t received \lo dozen white foot
madetof fine India linen, yoke, neck and' . ™?Mt£' S frt? S £k^^™?A£? 0 ™ te ¥
.,.„.._ ?--<»-- 1 ---,a>i «-<+*« a -^TK--<-.t^ . . stainless, tun nnisn. Hennsaorf blajck,
' lit. ~«,il m^£._^"«: *r\ sold regularly all over the city 3 pairs
:> to-day 49C $1CO.. You can. have them >to-iQ_lc'
- !H5 wv!* e S resSe ? ° n Sa ] e """f«« : V Special , No. " S^CHILDREN'S " HEAVY*
JJ'« w?. 1 } 6 S™™* on sa , le —«t 9 5K ' RIBBED SCHOOL HOSE, double/knee
, $2.25 White Dresses on sale-...?1.45 heel and toe> sizes 5 to 10 ; reg- "i S"*-
«- fir. • • ¦« "it ii j * 25c quality, on sale to-day, pair. IOC
Special Sale in Muslin Underwear. twrnnnvShiS :«Ei#
WOMAN'S GOWNS, of best muslin, high ,, IwOlllSn 0 \.U\\\ W dlSlSi
:'. neck, cut long, yoke tucked and trimmed , Tour choice to-day of all our 50c OOa-
with double row, of insertions, A C\r* ' - Shirt Waists at.... ...; OoC
regular price S5c; on sale...... AU colors and - sIzes • .,
95c
Six different styles. , ' , , WOMEN'S 'WRAPPERS., made of best
Your choice of ¦ eight different styles >of percale. bretelles, , neck and - cuffs
.our regular -81.25 GOWNS; on QB/> . trimmed with braids, flounced QO —
sale to-day ........................ i/Ov bottom, on sale......... t/OC
WOMAN'S DRAWERS, made of best mus- , Worth $1.25, V
•lln. cut wide, ruffle hemstitch- O Ac •'- ¦ ¦ ' - - . , . ';-'.'
' ed, regular 40c quality; on sale. -ftrT'w, _' . ... ,
_/ • .- ,- ¦? • „ x . ¦¦•'» i*_ • To-day we'll make it very Interesting to
r- sale price .'.: ..';....'. OOW - . . . ., , . _____ \
Tour choice of our regular 65c . UMBRELLA' . ' Our Children's Headwear I department -is
, DRAWERS, trimmed with wide AQr> showing many beautiful styles at popular
laces orembroideries, sale price. "Oy . prices. - - '
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE CAREFUL ATTENTION.^"
1212-12^4 MARKET STREET;
BETWEEN TAYLOR, AND JONES.
Hale's.
Sale's.
§ , RIDE A i
tej Chainless. $60 &acer . . . . $50 JH
Wk jCifht Roadster. $40 ttoadster. . $35 Wm
||| THOS. H. B. YARNEY, Market & ioth, S. F. Wd
EGGS. Best City, per dozen... ~i74b
Regular 20c per dozen.
BUTTER, %?« per square "i-".32ic
Regular 40c per square.
Macaroni and Spaghetti,^g 4 ' • I2_»c
Regular 15c per package.
K c CK'S,G"LATINE,Derpkg:...|Cc
Clean,- -white, economical.
LOWNKS COCOA, per can/.. 25c
Beats ¦ all for rich flavor. •
Singapore Pineapiles, 3 S%,,..l5c
Regular 25c per tin. ' '
RAISINS, Sultanas, 3 ibs for-. 25c
Regular 15c per lb.
line 3da Milk and Plain Wafers,^. I Cc
Walnuts, Paper \ toll, •^sftb'v 15c
Regular SOc per lb.
ICECREAM FREEZERS, Mot h t s l? n -
From regular price list, 10 per . cent
" discount.
TOILET SOAP, 3 cakes in box.. 20c
Regular 35c per Ib.' . •
Extra value. All flavors.
K01A COFFEE, per lb.......22_.c
Regular 27Hc per lb. '
Roast or ground. •"•',-'
OK Bourbon Whisky, 3 bots for.. $2
TABLE CLARET, per gallon.... 50c
Regular 75c per gallon.
CAL.SMYRNAFiGS,^ h r i^....5c
Regular 10c per lb. . ,
iBIBO, NEWMAN &IKEHBERG,'
1447-49 POLK STREET.
*'.^;i-4' —g-r. yj^.j- c»w»icwi H
ISsH X 2sn VxsJBCf I ¦ I SftfvP
<NCflft»ORATto ' wB-Sr hi _U \9Pr \6bs£j
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Royal Baking Powder 1-Ib can 40c
Regularly 45c a con.
Coal Oil, White Star 5 gals 95o
. 10c allowed for empty can. Regularly $1 15.
Best Mission Eggs ...... .Dozen 17|o
Gathered daily. Rejralarly 22%c
Finest Creamery Butter Square 30c
Fine Butter is our motto. Regularly 40c.
Choice Family Flour 50-Ib sack 75c
Regularly 85c sack.
Old Government Whisky. . .quart fcottle 90c
Regularly $1 2a.
Sioux Soap 8 cakes 25c
Cudahy Soap 'Works. Regularly S for 23c.
Japan Head Rice 4 lbs 25c
Extra quality. Regularly lOo lb.
Catsup, L. Bros.' Brand . .Large bottle 12h
' > Kins' of all. Regrularly 20c
j Sweet Cakes, Fig Bars, Nic Nacs ... .Ib 12_5
Cocoanut Taffy. Lemon. Graham. Honey
Bar*. - Regrularly 15c and 20c lb.
Irish and . Scotch Whisky . . quart bottle 95c
Finest Imported. Regularly $1 25.
Mnstomat Dainty Sance Bottle 25c
Regularly S5c.
My Favorite Salad Dressing. . .Large hot 25c
The finest. Regularly 35c.
Monogram . O.P. S. Whisky , ;¦ . . Gallon $2.75
¦ ' Rye or / Bourbon- Resularly $3 60.
Baltimore Cove Oysten. .3 cans 25c
• Regularly 10c a can.
Tapioca, Pearl or Flaked 5 lbs 25c
. Regrularly 2 R>s for '5c.
Sweet Wines. .-. ;Qnart bottle 25c
Port, Sherry. Angelica. Regularly 40c.
Bromangelon Dessert Jelly Package lCc
.Regularly 12%a package.
Sapolio 4 cakes 25c
Regularly 3 for 25c.
Lo Court, Imp. France, Mushrooms..Can 22 h
Regularly 30c a can.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
' Can take advantage of these Special Sales.
We ship Free of Charge with every $5 1 or
more within 108 miles. Ask for monthly
price list— Free.
1348-1354 Market' Street.
Opp. Seventh. Fnon« S. 292. No Branch Stores.
HKtHr^^ SAMZ SHAPE
__r^^_^jM---r=^^^H^ £ 4
B__B_ffl__.
|j '•>.*';-! ';v/? S«^^ ta^^____fA__j|_BB_|_M^__j
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
:- GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
o:her, bat senrl stamp forfllus- . itr*h
SO3 Mission »t.. San Franciaco.^^^^^ ,/ I
P A IT n OU A I Corner FourtH aad
6c. Overcoats an*
valises checked Ire*